MANILA’S PUBLIC SCHOOLS. |

 

TRIRTY-NINK OF THEM ARE WOW

IN WORKING ORDER.

eee
The Leaven Which It ls Expected Will
Bring Self-Government to the Philip-
pines—Children Eager to Learn~ Pupils
Celebrated the Fourth of July—American
and Native Teachers— Spelling Bees,
MANILA, Dec, 26—The echool system the
Jeaven which {+ 1s proposed to accomplish
the very thing for which the insurgents of the
Philippines are asking- self goverunment—ls in
working order in Meaila lu establishing the
schools, a8 in establishing the government, the
American army officers had only the wrecks of
en organization once maintained by the Spaniards
to work from. It has fared with the schools about
the same as with he Government. With a war
going on and little time to iustitute more than &
fow of the most necessary reforms, the old system
was bolstered up, But every day it is being iim-
proved
Father McKinnon, Chaplain of the First Call-
fornia Volunteer Regiment, busied himself a
short time after Manila was occuvled by the Amer!
can forces in hunting up the school teachers form-
erly employed in Manila and the sehool houses
themeelves. ‘Then he went on a search after the
truant pupils and their school-books and inashort
time aided in every way possible by the military
authorities, he had Maunila's public school system
{n operation, In some districts the schools were
full from the etart and {n others the attendance
dwindled so that when the repeilion of the Taga-
logs began !t was necessary to post 4 efreular
signed by the Provost-Marshal to the effect that
unless parents sent thelr children to school at
once, it would be necessary to close the schools.
So far as le known, |t was not necessary to discon-
tinue any of the schools, and the first year closed
in March, 1800, after having run from the previous
September. On June 1, 1890, Chaplain Mckinnon
was relloved by the present echuol superintendent
George P. Anderson,a graduate of Whitman College
at Walla Walla, Wash, and also of Yale University,
Mr, Anderson was at Portland, Ore., when the
wat began and he calisted in Company H, Second
Oregon Volunteesa When his regiment left
Manila for home in June he remained to take charge
the school system. The second school year
on July ! There are now thirty
pine public schools in Manila. Each of the twelve
Aistricts of the city bas at least two schools,one for
boys and one for girls and some districts have as
many as four. In the teaching force there are
eighty-five natives aud mestizos, mostly men;
forty Spaniagds and twenty-two Americans
The last include about equal numbers of men and
‘women and they receive an average salary of 1440
Mexican pesos a year,or about $720 In guild) The
school attendance was 3,700 last July and to-day
{eo approximately, 5,000, The school population
ef Manila ts about 25,000. Besides the public
@ghools, there are large numbers of private schouls
as well as conventsand colleges maintained by
the Cathollo clergy. All children between the
ages of 6 and 16 are expected to attend school and
the provost authorities make a alight atiempt
fo enforce this rulo ‘The children appear at
@ohool usually barefooted. The average boy
woare trousers of white drill and shirt of banana
fibre Thelittle girls usually wear shoes, their
pinafores are neatly washed and ironed and ex-

treme pride ls evidently taken in their appearance, | in stating what one has to say
As to curriculum, the schools of Manila may be |

divided into three grades, the common schouls,

embracing the primary and intermediate studies; |

the higher echools and the normal. Recently there

bas been established a nauticalschool. ‘Ihe higher |

schools are maintained by the Jesult fathers
at the Manila Observatory and the Ataneo in
the walled city. At the Observatory !s the high
normal school, which {9 attended by some
three hundred and Afty pupils, whose
ambition {9 usually to become teach-
ers. This echool is left entirely to the manage-
ment of the Jesuits at present, the Government
rendering certain compensation until it becomes
possible to take Itoutof clericalhanda A similar
arrangement 1s in force ot Ataneo, the Jesuit
college in the walled city. Here, tn connection
with ite extensive convent and general school,
the brotherhood maintains for the Government
the high school, where two or three languages,
ineluding, of course, English, are taught, the
higher scientific studies and the regular curricu-
lum of the old Spanish system, The high echool
has an attendance of about 451.

Tho old Spanish nautical school has just been re-
pened. Its purpose is to train mates and captains for
the merchant vessels which ply In and outamong
the many Isles of the Philippine Archipelago and
even sail to foreign ports, The school was opened
on Deo 15 under the management of « naval
officer detailed fur the work. Lieutenant-Command-
der V. L. Cottman the superintendent, was furm-
erly in charge of the New York city echoolship
8s. Mary's. The teacher of lessons in English
{se Edmund L. Filmer, son of 4 Massachusetts
@uperintendent of public instruction.

Many of the English teachers in the common
Schools are discharged volunteers who enlisted out
of patsiotism when the war broke out and served
until their regiments were called home. Must of
them have acquired a working knowledge of
Spanish and many are learning ‘lagalog.

The study of English seems to be by far the
Bost popular of any of the branches !n the schools
and already the effect of the teaching is seen about
Manila. The youngsters show 4 most surprising
@ptitude in acquiring words and phrases and they
Gelight ion showing off their accomplishments,

“Gut moni,” for “good morning,” now greets
the American on every hand. Nextiu popularity
to the English comes the spelling. Spelling
laa new study to the pupils. Spaulsh requires
very litile teaching of spelling fur to be able to
pronounce a syllable in Spanish is practically
to be able to spell i The hottest kind of rivalry
has arisen in the spelling of Muglish words and
the old-fashigued spelling bees which are held,
often draw the parents to school tu witness the
Douts between classes. ‘These contests have nus
been contined to single schouls, but the schools of
ene district ofteu challenge those of another.

Nine schools of ihe thirty-nine now existing
Were established at the opening of the last school
year, The Government found i} necessary to
replace tive buildings destmuyed in the insurgent
fires of last February. Furniture was lacking,
and the Government expended 83,000 in necessary

purchases. One of the first moves made by the
American Government of ihe Philippines when
it gets firmly established will be the erection of
fifteen or twealy large school buildings for the
accommodation of Matilas school populauon
The buildings used a( present are crowded tu au
extent that the authorties Would be em! arrassed
should the order tocompel ali children of school age
to attend schoul be rigidly euforeed. New books
will be purchased, and 4 system established where
by they can be furnished tu oll pupils free or in
return for partial compensation from those who
Can pay.

Few people who saw it will forget the public
@elebration of Independence Day ou the Luueia
this year, in which the children of the Manila
echools displayed their loyally to the Ame:
cause in these isiands

ean
Asearly as June lo Supt

Anderson, aided by a numberof the eachers,began |

the training of 1,000 children in singing three
patnotic songs. On iho Fourth of July
the children gathered ot the Luneia, each boy
and girl wearing a Sunday best suit aud proudiy
Waving an American flag
file, each school proceeded to the Luneta pavilion,
headed by its teavhers, A band made up en
tirely of Filipino musiciaus was in the band
stand to lead the musir. The children were
Grouped prettily around the stand, and led by the
ehief musician of the Siath | nited States Artil
lery Band, they lisped and hummed, many of
them succeeding in ®etuug the words with sur
prising correctness, “The Hed, White and Blue.”
“The Star-Spangled Banner’ and
Through Georgia.”
the military authorities, who are struggling tim
press upon the Filipinos the plan of American
rule, Forty miles away, at Sau Fernando, tho
woldiers celebrated the Fourth by exchanging
Secasional volleys with the rebels across the line
“The Manila native is noy at alia savage,’
saye Supt Anderson in
the schouls. “Ile
highly prizes good education — the how wants
his boy and his girl to know Hagtish aud ob
a good mmo school traning. The people
de have ra peaults (halinterfere, the worst being
e alugai P ‘ifference to most things of true

"Marching

recent arucle on

Marching in double |

Ik was @ sight cheering to!

appreciates civilizauon and |

fain |

 

  
 

value, ‘This is most noticeable in the covheros,
or cart drivers, aud other laborers of litte refine-
ment and education, But itis @ very encourag-
img fact that the native schoolmaster seems to
have Jost this, He is bright, faithful and pauent
and a good, steady worker, All these people
need is to be led aright. Give them schools and
plenty of them. Wake them utp to the higher sense
of duty and of proper liviug, ‘They are good
material. ‘They already have confidence in the
American as the representative of true liberty
of comcience and of real friendship.”

The subject of religion, which formerly occu-
pled an important place in the Spanish curncu-
i) lum, fs being delicately handled by the supennh-
tendent. The old catechism and religious text
books have been dropped, In the high school and
normal school, which are yet in the hands of
the clergy, practically no interference can be
' consistentiy made at present with the system
which of course has its religious teachings, As
time goes on thes@ schools will be taken out of
| the hands of the Jesuits and operated the same

49 the regular city schools

A school study almost unknown to American
achools, which was left to malta its place in
| the Manila schools, ts called “Urbanida.” It
| treats of politeness and the art of correct living.
| ‘This has little to do with any religious forms
but teaches the child the various courtesies to be
rendered his superiors, such as lifting the hat
! and using “Sir” in addressing people.

 

FALE'’S INTEREST IN DERATING,

Revival During Recent Years-President
Haidley’s Successful Coaching.

Debating is now more vopular at Yale than ever
before. Among the memories which graduates
of the sixties oud previous years have of college
days none is cherished more than that of the two
debating socieGes, Linonia and Brothers in Unity
They were founded early in the histury of Yale;
| Linonda in 1753 and Brothers ia Unity fifteen years
later,
in the college world, But there camea time when
the growth of the Greek leiter fraternities at Yale
| drew the support of the students from the old de

bating sucieies. Hegret was frequently expressed

that these societies had died out and with them
| the interest in debating. But the

 

 

debating remained atitslowestebb. ‘The organ
izations which then existed were scarcely able t
draw “a corporal’s guard” to thelr meetings.

The revival was gradual, It came in connec
tion with the inauguration of the intercollegiate
debates with Harvard and Princeton, ‘The his
tory of the revival is esvecially interesting becatise
of President Hadley’a connection with it. Yale
men are not fond of dwelling upon the story of
the early debates in the Intercollegiate series.
It was 4 series of defeats. Why it was Yale men
were unable to understand, aud there was no one
able to supply what was lacking In the training
of the ams unui President Hadley, then a young
professor of economics, olfered his services ae
coach and adviser. From the first the debaters
were conscious that a new order of things had
come about. ‘lhey had now an adviser who
was able to point out thelr weak Desses and in whose
suggestive criticlam they were able to see ways
of improving themselves.

Prof. Hadley'’s two great poluts in
Yale debaters have been the importance of stick
ing Ww facts and the use of as few words a3 possible
Ip the coaching
of a recent team be said to one uf the meu: “Mr. --—,
I notice that you always give facts in a baif apal-
| ogetio manner, but asserts your own vpinivos
as if they were conclusive.”

Prof, Hadley was always a clever strategistin
debate. Lie would urge @ warm to pick Cul some
posiuon and maintain that one line of argument
|} and let other points tako care of themselves,

Under hie training men were iaught w ignore

any point of their opponents which they could
| nob effectively refute. A favoriie story of his
has been of a stump orator who sald, in speaking

of certain conditions, “Gentlemen, there is a

serious danger ahead. Let us look it boldly in the

face and pass on.” .

“Never,” be would say, “get into a place where,
tn atlempting to refule @ point, you acknowledge
the strength of your opponents agument and
seem, 45 it were, to ‘pass on.'”

Old debaters have often remarked that they
valued the few weeks training which they received
from President Hadley ae one of the greatest
benefits of their college course. The result of
this coaching was seen in the outcome of the de-
bates. ‘The years ‘6, '¥7 and Vs gave Yale three
victories over Harvard aud two over Princeton.

From the success in the intercollegiate debates
there came 4 strong revival of interest in the de-
bating Oranizations. (Competition for the teams
increased and today there are more successful
debating organizauons with a larger propor
tlonate membership than at any previous time.
‘The largest of these organizations are those which
are considered representative of the different de-

artmenta; the Yale Union tor the academic
epartment, the Kent Club for the law school
the Sheffield Union for the scientific school an
the Leonard Bacon Club for the theological sem-
{nary. These societies contributed entirely the
material for the intre llegiate wams until witha
the last year ortwo, In order to develop the men
more thoroughly a series of interdepariment
debates was established and the aunual consis
between the clubs have come to be important
events in the colloge year.

The debating work baa been further extended
by the introducuon of a system of clase clubs and
Other small societies, The first class organization
to be formed was the “Wigwam.” Shortly after
came the “Wranglers.” These clube have become
healthy rivals and hold aunual debates in each

| of the classes,
established in the college

Fach of the clube

at the close of sophomore year elects acommittee |

of the incoming sophomore class and these com-
mittees choose the rest of the number from their
classmates. The new men are taken largely
| from the Frestimen Union, which is one of the most
| Hourishing societies of the whole syelem, Fvresh-
; men thus have two motives for doing good work

| in their union, to win an election to the "Wigwam" |

| or the “Wranglers” and to work for a place onthe
| freshmen team in their debate with the sopho-
mores. In addition to these class organizations
| there are a number of smaller clubs, such as the
“Windy” club in the senior class, composed
of men who have never been prominent
in debating
| During the past year the idea was conceived
| of having one central organization, composed
of proportionate representation from each society,
which should have general supervision over the
debating intorests of the university. This organ
; azation is the Yale University Iebating
Association, lt arranges for the Interclub de
bates aud has full charge of the intercollegiate
debates
The Yale association is now arranging for the
approaching debates with Harvard and Princeton,
The debate with Harvard wil be held in New
Haven on March 80. Yale will send the formal
challenge and question on Feb. 16. The Prince
| tou debaw will be held this year in Princeton on

 

May 11. For these debates Yale will have an
abundance of good material, There are at present
in the university several men who have previously
represented Yale in debates. ‘There are also
; Many good men who have been developed under
| the new system of interdub and department
1 contests.
| it has net vet been decided as to who will take
| President Hadley's place as coach, Dr. BE. \
taynolds, who conducts the economic debating
S. MeFarland, who

 

! course for seniors, and Dr. C

| has been prominently c« ted with debating
tat Yale, have been mentir for the position. [t
| ishoped by all whoare interestedin Yale'© success
| that President Hadley will be able to give some

tume to the training of the teams

TRAINING BOERS’

 
 

   

 

HORSES,

How They Are Tanzht to Stand Still Where
Their Riders Leave Them,
From the Baltmore Sun,

An Englishman now in Baltimore who spent
| several years among the Boers in South Africa
| said vesterday What the Boer force was stronger
; in HUmbers than it seemed to be, because every
mano ii tie army was mounted and detachments
could move from one point to another in an in-
j credibly short time.

Ile Was asked whether the Poers kept their
horses in the trenches with them, and this ques
tion led to an explanation.

“Every Boer warrior has a horse,” said he,
) “and thelr horses are so trained that they will
} stand Where they are left until thelr master’s

eae

return. | lave seen them training their horses
iis trick and thes method js effective, the ugh
j yer te

A Boer will take a young horse, a two-year
old or perhaps a yeariing, and attach a halter
Vy faot AP in the baler hangs @ rope aud at
the end of the pope ts Flispended an fron ball,

| Which bangs about the animal's knees

The horse is u turned |

in & large lot
| He immediatly legins to prance aroun and
the iron ball keeps striking against his knees
: The horse is driven wild and the ball keeps on
}gytting in iis work. ihe beast may struggle
Against the annoyance and pain for four or ive
hours, but he finally drops fron ey) Austion
“Often it takes three or four Weeks to nurse
the horse : with bis ent, bruised and bleeding
knees, bach into eoncition, but when he is fit to
' se re bs Just the hotse the Moer wants \il
' the Boer has to do when he dismoun ;
the bridle rein oe r the } ae meow

f Toes bead Che he

| feels the reign hanging from his cj in ahs '
remembers the prowious experiene wit! an iron
ball. He will stand rweks till a lon

} as that rein hangs from the bit»
not move, not even if shells are t
} Me ‘ UPSting around
mond if the erash of artillery ws but
| ewer. & few feet

na he wi

For many years they were conspicuous |

interest was |
not dead, it had only waned. For twelve years |

training |

Their position is thoroughly |

    
 

ES a

70,000 A DAY IN CAR FARES,

ENORMOUS REVENUE OF MANHATe
TAN’S STRKET RAILWAYS,

 

 

 

They Carry Nearly a Million and a Half
Passengers Every Twenty-four Hours
—Fiuctuations in the Hourly Trafic,

On Manhattan Island $70,000 is spent every

day in streot car fares, including the elevated
roads with the surface systems. ‘That is a tre
mendous eum Ww be accumulated in five-cent
pieces day in and day out. But it's only a small
item in the daily life of this greattown, No town
ia the world presents auch a problem in street rail-
way transportation. Here is an island a few
acore rods wide and miles long, with hundreds of
thousands of people living on one end of it and
having business to do every day at the other end
ol it} Tens of thousands of workers go down-
town in the early hours of the morning, and go
back with a rush that swamps all the roads in the
jate afternoon, Crosstown roads there are all the
way up and down the island, but they serve only
as feeders for the north-and-south trunk lines.

But $70,000 a day is a lot of money to be spent
in five-cent car fares. Thatis half a million dol-

lars @ week, and in a year itis more than 825,-

000,000, Last year the grosa receipts of the

Metropolitan road were $14,000,000; of the Man-

hattan elevated, 89,000,000, and of the Third

| avenue, $8,500,000. Of the one and a half mill-

ion passengers carried every day on these three

{

a

sysiems over (bree-quarters of a million take the

~~ A Asooe

     

ae
mere dite

Metropolitan cars, nearly one-fifth of a milliou
ride on the Third avenue, while half a million
go on the elevated. Last year about 530,000,000
passengers were carried by these three roads. |
‘The Metropolitan alone carried 250,000,000, which |
is double the mumber it carried fifteen years ago,
when all the roads carried less than 300,000,000
passengers in a year. Counting passengers
who present transfer tickets, the Metropolitan's
waffic is over 400,000,000 a year, or 1,100,000a day. |
These roads, that thread their Way side by side |
through the avenues from the Battery to the |
Harlem, tell the daily story of the throbbing life |
| of thetown. The pulse of the town from hour to
hour through the day is registered in the traffic
| of these up-and-down railways so plainly and so
| accurately that any novice may read it, as he
| would read the record of a sel{-recording ther-

|
| 7
| DAY CHART OF THE FOURTH AVENUR LINE.

 

mometer at the end of a day. Each of the big
roads has {ts own story to tell of the ebb and flow
of traffic through the narrow channel it follows;
each has its owo peculiarities, but all of them tell
4 harmonious story of the activities of the city,
‘This story may be read in the day charts of the
Metropolitan's three central trunk lines on Man-
hattan Island—the Broadway and Columbus
avenue road, the Sixth and Amsterdam avenues

| road, and the Fourth and Madison avenues road.
‘These three divisions of the system carry not far
from half @ million passengers @ day, or nearly
4 third of the entire traffic of the town, so that they

i may be taken as fairly representative of street
car traffic on Manhattan Island.

Day charts are regularly made by the Metro-
politan’s engineers for the guidance of the Presi-
dent of the company. One of the secrets of Mr.

Vreeland’s success ag a directing head is his ca-
|
|

 

sysiem, Hekn vs how much money every road
makes in every nour of the day. He has these
| day charts made so that he can tell at a glance
| what each road isdoing. ‘he charts here shown
, Were made trom Mr. Vreeland's last set, and show
the average of traffic for a period of several months.
| The hours of the day are marked off on the base
| line, beginning with 5 o'clock in the morning.
| The inner full line shows the southbound uaffio
| through the day, the broken line the northbound,
| while the outer line shows the combined traffic.
Take the Broadway chart, for example: 9 stands
for the hour between 9 and 10 o'clock; so that be-
|

tween 9 and 10 in the morning the Broadway

road Carnes Uptown 4,000 passengers, downtown
| 6.000, @ total of 10.000 passengers in the hour
of these 10.000, 2,000 pode on transfer tickets,

‘The similarity of the lines on the three charte
is noticed at the first glance, and the more closely
they are studied the more striking will the sim-
larity appear. There is in each a sudden rise
mm traffic in the eariy morning, as the worker.
leave their homes for shops and factories an
offices; following this there is a gradual rise,
somewhat broken, until the law afternoon, when
the rush homeward reaches its height; then the
traffic falls off precipitately, reaching an inactive
level between 3 and 6 in the morning The
high tude of travel in all the charts Is the hour
between 5 and 6 o'clock in the afternoon, when
the bulk of the workers are homeward bound
In this hour the Hroadway road carries 10,500
north and 5,600 south, 16,000 in all; the Fourth
aventie 9,800 north and 4,200 south, 14,000 in a'!

Mee

 

DAY CUART OF THE BROADWAY CABLI WOAL.

and the Sixth avenue 7,000 north and 4,000 south,
11,000 in all, so that these ihree roads carry
over 40,000 pasengers in this one hour of the
afternoon, while in the same hour of the morniug
they do not carry 3,000

‘The morning rive is only normally rapid on the
Broadway and Sixth avenue pave! but on the
ourth avenue it is very abrupt, reaching the
big figure of 10,000 in the hour following 7 0 clock
when the lroadway carries but 6,300 and the
Sixth avenue but 6,800. ‘The Fourth avenue's
alternoon rise is equally noticeable, and the re
mult is that the line of tota! traffic on this road
shows tWo great peaks, one alter 7 in the morning
aud the o her after 5 in the alternoon, with @ deep
valley between. The reason for this is that the
Fourth avenue ling is used more as @ loug dis
tance going-towork and golng-home road. It
Coos Not Ive such wide access to the shopping
and business sectiois as the two roads to the

west, aad chart, therefore, shows @ valle
through the iddle of the day. [u the frst an
hours of the rorming the Fourth avenue road

‘ arries avers a) ‘al tho cad retaan the Broad
way line, although at the end of th
way read “ OOO phead. day the Broad
AU the charts show luncheon and *
leys. On the Fourth avenue the luncheon valley
extends from 11 untill o'clock; on the Hroad way it
is from 12 to 1; ane op the Sixth avenue it le from
ito2. The 6 o'clock dinner valleys om the Broad-

a

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEB

 

are en
merTn et0c0 .
wre Wine oot
= Tt. ;
DAY CHART OF SIXTH AVENUE BOAD,
pacity for details, He knows every inch of his

 

    

ee

 

 

way and Sixth prew onere Pe ist the
rdinner peaks, are very marked;
de road does not show the aNiedinner rise.
he after-theatre peaks are noticeable in all the
northbound lines, while the Broadway road has
two peaks, one for each direction. Northbound
and southbound traffic are seen to be very nearly
enue! in the middle of the day, between the hours
11 and 3, and at night between the hours of 7
and 11, The most remarkable similarity io
the charta is the equality of north and south trafic

 

SUTH STREET ROAD DAY CHART.

The Broadway road carries the same number o
passengers north that it does south, 92,000; an

so does the Sixth avenue, with 64,000 ench way.
The Fourth avenue line carries 2,000 pn ore north
than south, the difference being made in the ab-

normal afternoon peak. ‘lhe reason for this
peohatay is that many persons who go downtown
p the morning on the elevated road go back in
the afternoon on the Fourth avenue surface road,
It is an unexpected equality these charts show,
232,000 passengers carried one way and 234,000
the other way, ina day.

Several things are noticeable in charts of the
Crosstown roads-—the simiarity of the eastbound
and westbound tines, the small number of cash
fares, and the pee similarity of the Hine of
total traMe to all the trunk road lines. The Fifty:
ninth street line,a chart of which is shown, car-
ries more passengera on transfer tickets in pro-
pornos to its total business than any other line
n the city. ‘The Broadway road chart shows
36,000 transfers, the Fourth avenue «J,0W0, and
the Sixth avenue 35,000

 

NEW GAME CALLED INROQUE,

 

Scientific Development of the Old Game of
Croquet— How It Is Played.
Prom the Boston Heva’d,

Bray's Hall at Newton Centre was well filled
last evening with a gathering of leading people
of the Newtons, who were curious to see the play-
ing of the first game of inroque, a pastime recently
devised by Mellea Bray of Newton Centre. The
court on which the game was played occupied the
centre of the floor, and grouped about it were the
spectators’ seats. The pretty hall never looked
prettier, being draped in red, white and blue,
and otherwise decorated

Mr. Bray evolved inroque as a result of hie
search after something new to amuse suburban
people winter evenings. Not every one can have

4 billiard table at home, either because of the ex-
pense or a lack of room, and there are many who
object to progressive whist About four or five

 

GAME OF INBOQUE,

months ago Mr. Bray formulated his plana He
had castings made of all the required metal work.
Much of this was nickel plated, and all of the wood
was stained a dark mahogany.

The main motive of the game is to conform as
much 4s possible to croquet, but not the croquet
of the casual player, but the scientific game, now

called roque, which bas its national association,
ity champions and its local clubs throughout
whe country,

Hut as rogue is played only outdoors and as
the new game {s to be played indoors, it was ad-
visable t&) give it another name The inventor
asked some of his neighbors in Newwa Centre
what be should call the game.

“Why not call itinroqgue?” asked Henry Haynie,
"You see, roque is played out of doors, and as this
is to be an indoor game it seems t me that inroque
is the best name,” and the came was christened

The court of tnrogue is different from the croquet
or roque court Nagonally the distance from
the starting stake to the stake at the other end
of the court is seventy-two feet, as in every well-
regulated croquet cou t

After banking for the lead the player takes his
stand by the first stake and attempts to play his

 

DIAGRAM OF COURT

bal!—which is 3', inches i diameter, of solid
rubber, and weighing 14, pounds through a
turnstile d', inches high, with four openings

There are half a dozen turnstiles, with eight
bars on each. If the player succeeds in passing
safely through the first one he finds himself in an
inner court. He comes out at the other corner of
it, and comes to the fourth one, Coming again
into the inner court at the fourth turnstile, the
stake which stands in the centre of the inner court
must be hit,

This done, he continues toward the distant
stake, passes out at one of the corners, comes on
to the outer court, and, when possible, passes
through the last turnstile to the last stake.

After the last stake has been struck with the
ball the player begins his homeward journey
back to the starting stake, He goes through the
same outer and inner courts, finally reaching his
last turnstile, and the player whose ball first hits
the first stake wins

The guards of the courts are wooden rails, 3
inches high, secured to the floor. ‘The mallets are
about the same as croquet mallets, except that
they are much shorter in the handles

One of the features of the game ia that every-
thing can be taken up at any time, and the floor

 

TURNSTILE OR WICKBT

isin no Mannerinjured. One of the bare ¢
turnstiles, the higher one, is larger then the loses
one, W hich prevents the ball from bounct g over,

Pwo clubs will soon be formed at Newton Centre
one for day and the other for evenin play. The
Roque Association will soon be asad to adopt
the game, as it conforms in nearly every way
with the rules of the association The game can
be played by men, women or children, in partners
ot singly, and, judged by its reception last night,
it will undoubtedly become a regular winter sport
when known better

In the game of last evening three sets of three
layers competed, ‘The first set waa made up of
3}. H. Gammon, A. R. Draw and Dwight Chester
The later won in 40 minutes. The second set
contained H. Hovey, H. P. Clafiin and F. A. Ed
wards. liovey won in 20 minutes. In the third
set were B. B. Buck, H, Haynie and E. N. Noyes,
and the latter won in 35 minutes, Int ay-off
among the three winners Noyes wou,
tators applauled every good play,

RUARY 4, 1900.

to bring the vessel to the surface. I! the wv
OPpec- happ=nf 10 be running submerged it is amet

[SUBMARINE WAR VESSELS,

WHAT HAS BEEN DUNB AN THAT LINE
ULB AND IN FRANCE,

 

 

The Attitude of Our Naval Authorities Re-
garding Them—Some Description of the
Plunger, Now iu Course of Construction,

Prom the Baltimore Sun,

‘The decision of the Naval Board of Bureau
Chiefs in opposing the purchase of the submarine
boat Holland, and in recommending that no craft
of this class be built until the Plunger has been
tasted will no doubt be regarded abroad asa severe
blow to the development of this type of boat here,
Where, perhaps, more attention has been given
to the system than ty Great Britain orany foreign
power but France. The submarine boat first
received the attention of the naval officials ten
Years ago, but since a contract Was awarded
for the building of a type boat at Baltimore there
seems to have been no further inierest mani-
feasted by the experts in the subject; and, mean-
While, France has gone ahead rapidly in the
experimental work with much success.

The latest reporia from that country show
that the flotilla of these beats will re doubt pre-
sent as great a variety of types as the battle
ships, and recent tesis with the Gustave Zede
have proved the practicability of the subma-
rine boat, and, in the hope of still further improve-
ing on her, the naval authorities are now giving
atiention to the somewhat despised Goubet boat.
This vessel has shown a tendency in late testa
to dive to the botiom and remain there, and the
| authorities are now beginning to predict that sull

another type, known as the Morse boat, is a su-

perioriypeofcraft, Recent trials with her showed
that, as regards range of action, she had scarcely
any advantage over the Zede, and it had to be
admitted by the trial board that she could not
be used for any other purpose than harbor de-
|
!

fence, After all these experimenis, however,
it did not seem as if much headway had been
made, but the French Navy Depariment, wiih
praiseworthy optimism, conveyed its favors to
the Narvel, simply, it is claimed, because nuth-
ing is known of her type, and plenty of scope
Was allowed for the exercise of vivid imagination,

‘This vessel is constructed of steel and
has a displacement of id0 tus. The motive power
is supplied by an oil engine, which not only q
the ee when the boat iseither navigating at
the surface or with only ber lockout and chimney
exposed, but also operates a dynamo for charg
ing batteries and accumulators, Wiese being used
to propel the boat when she is entirely submeryed
and the chimney unshipped. Sailing on the sur
face at 12 know, the Narval promises a range
of action of 252 miles, and at & knots the range
is 625 miles. When submerged, the
accumulators are expected to propel the boat 25
mes at 6 knots and 70 miles at 5 knots. She is
equipped with four torpedo tubes and carries two
olticers and nine men, This boat is believed to be
the best type yet developed in brance

‘There may be said to be but one distinct type
of the submarine boat in this country rep
presented by the Holland, now at Wastington,
and the Plunger, building for Wie Navy at lalu-
more. While the Holland seems to have fully |
proven her capacity to fulfil all the requirements
of submarine navigation for naval purposes,
the Plunger 1s said to possess, or will have wheu
finisbed, sull further improvements that will ren-
der her a most capable craft, I]t does not fi llow |
that because the experts have opposed the build
ing of further submarine boats at present that this |
type of craft will not in all probability be adopted
by the naval service. The bureau chiefs are by
no means unfavorable to the boat, but simply be
lieve the Plunger should be tried befcre the Govern-
ment enters upon the purchase of other vessels |

|

ives

of Ler class,

The llunger represents the result of an inquiry
into the subject covering the last ten years, dur
ing which ume the problem has advanced from
the theoretical to the practical stage. There were
many things to be thought of in connection with
the submarine boat, the most important of which
was the maintenance of life and management
of the craft beneath the surface of the sea
While intended for offensive purposes solely, its
protection is an interesting feature of the strue-
ture. This is afforded by the body of water sur-
rounding the boat, which is supposed to dive be
low the surface to a depth of 20 feet in 20 seconds
after the order is i to disappear, the beat at
the time floating lgut and running full speed
ahead, During the period of complete submerg-
ency, With three feet of Water over the turrets,
the pilot who guides the craft obtains a view of
the surroundings by means of a cam ra lucinds
‘na tube which projects above the surface and
which can be hauled in ata moment's notice,

The pilot is located in an armored turret, which
rises four feet above the hull and ts eight inches in
thickness. The upper surtace of the bull, cover
ing the part emerged while running on the surface
of the water, will be of steel plate one inch thick
The arrangements for lighting and ventilating
the interior are ingenious and complete. When
the boat is on the surface of the water two large
companion ways, the blower and the airshaft pro- |
vide abundant ventilation, When submerged, air |
is conetanty allowed to escape from the alr reser: |
voirs slightly above atmospheric pressure.  Viti-
ated air from near the bottom is forced outward
by « small pump driven by an electric motor
Lighting on the surface is provided through the |
companionways and by eight 4-inch deadlights
If not deeply submerged, and in clear water, light
will still be admitted through the eight deadlights,
and, whenever required, incandescent lights, sup
plied by the storage batteries, can be employed

The method of operating the vessel is also inter-
esting. When the vessel is on the surface of the
water, with the smokestack and the alrsha/t erect
ed, and running ahead full speed, and it is desired
to dive, the valves placed on the bottom in the
water spaces are opened and the air contained in
these spaces allowed to escape through valves pro-
vided at their upper ends he blower is stopped,
the furnace and ashpit doors are closed airtight, |
the smokestacks are shipped, the cover of the |
aperture through which they pass when erect is
swung around and dropped into its place and
clamped tightly. By this time the veasel will be
nearly awash. While reaching the awash posi-
tion she is run in the direction in which it is neces-
sary to steer, steam power being still employed
until] the steam pressure in the botler is run off

As soon as the horizontal position at the proper
depth is attained an automaic apparatus pre-
vents further considerable movement in @ vertical
direction. If by failure of any part of this appa-
ratus the vessel should run to a greater depth than
is desired, say beyond forty feet deep, the tower
end of the lever engeges with @ short lever that
operates & valve placed on an air pipe leading
forward to the forward section of the boat. When
forty feet depth or more is reached a change of air
will be allowed by this valve to pass from the
service air reservoir, through {t slong this pipe
into the bow section of the vessel, forcing the water
, contents out through the valve ou the bottom,
} This willimm diatels expel 1,550 pounds of weight
| of water, reducing the weight of the vessel by so
} much and communicating & strong upward ten
! dency equal to about thirty-one tons to the how
| of the vessel on account of its great leverage from
| the centre of buoyance
|
|
\

 

{ necessary the engines may be stopped and
the part of the driving gear that failed adjusted;
but, if the trouble be not serious, steering in a |
vertical direction can be done by hand. Water
may be readmitted to the bow section by allowing
the air charge to escape and opening the valve

| at the bottom of the chamber
| The first pert of the submerced run is made
with steam, but in about one minute the pressure
in the boiler is exhausted and the temperature
reatly reduced. Steam is then shut off, the
| arge dynamo started and the friction clutches
on the engine screw shafts opened. The vessel
can then proceed on the submerged tun with the
power derived from the storage batteries. Should
it be desired to stop or lle still submerged, but not
on the bottom, two smal! ausiliary water ballast
spaces, or diving tanks, are allowed to All with
water by permitting the air they contain to esc Ape.
If it be advisable to remain below the surface
of the water without going to the bottom while
| in soundings, instead of ex pending power to over-
come the small remaining reserved buorance,
the vessel may be anchored and the apparatus
controlling the horizontal rudders adjusted to hold

the vessel at the depth required. She will lie there
without much change of level, unless there is

 

absolutely no current or tideway

When it is necessary to come near the surface
for observation, either when moving orlying still,
the camera lucida placed between the projections
on the turret and slightly to one sidamay be raised
to the height of four feet above the top ofthe turret
This is capable of being revolved so thatthe whole
horizon may be swept; but, if moving rapidly
{tis very much more satisfactory to bring the vessel
to the surface of the water, allowing the top of the
turre. to project for afew seconds. An all-around
view may thus ha obtained and hearings corrected
without revealing any noticeable bulk above the
surface, and this movement can be made rapidly
enough to prevent the possibility of its heing
sighted, fired upon and hit by anything larger
| than rifle bullets,

Thirty cubic feet of air at a presaure of 2,000
pounds Per square inch are carried [n the alr reser-
volrs Phis volume of air is more than sufficient
for the supply of the crew during six hours’ sub-
mergence the ustual maximum time of a sub

| merred run leaving an abundant reeerre for
| opernting the hydraulic eylinders and the water
ballast Hut if, by any ehance, the supply of
gir should run out -tf, for instance, there were
no opportunity of storing cir shile the vessel was
on the surface the supply can be renewed while
submerged or lying on the bettom in water less
than tifty feetdeep, by allowing a flost, carrying
a two-inch hose pipe on a reel placed aft of the
after companionway in the supersiructure to rise
& the surface of the weter, carrving the hose
pine with it and holding it open and above the
surface, ‘The connection wth this reel may be
carried to a small air compressor, driven by the
sinall dynamoaft, and a sufficient quantity of
air for several hours’ use etored in a few minutes’
time, The boat can le indefinitely under the
same conditions, renewing the supply of air as
may be required

The boat may be brought to the surface from
submerged condition as follows lying still
and anchored, the anchor is raised and the up-
ward force of the reserve buoyancy permitted

 

(

steered ©) the surface by the horizontal ruddera,

 

a

STRENGTH anv VIGOR
THE WORLD’S NEED.

R, PREENE'S NERVURA

BLOOD AND NERVE REMEDY

The One Sure Remedy for the Workd’s

WEAK, SICK, and SUFFERING.

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

“Iw

did no

a
e

What is it all the world hun-
gers for? Strength, energy,
. the electricity, the vigor
and of youth.

What makes these
things? Why, fiery blood,
and snapping nerves, iron
strength, superb health.

And whence comes superb

health? By the nse of Dr. Greene’s
Nervura blood and nerve remedy (na-
ture’s own medicine), we may
weakness into strength, our exhaus-
)Y tion into vigor, our prostration into re
)» newed life and energy.

Dr. Greene's Nervura isthe remedy of rem-
edies—the one sure and perfect cure for die-
ease —the medicine which makes people
well. It is the renewer of life, the true tonie
and restorative, which gives appetite and
enjoyment for all life’s pleasures, Every-
body should take it,— if well to keep 60; if
ill to make yourself well.

Take it — and be strong.

Mr. F. P. Dearth, Woodsville, N. H., eays:—

as taken sick and was ailing for g long time, 7

had a stomach trouble and was not able to work much
forabouta year. lemployed a doctor for » year, who

I was weak and the

t seem to hit my Care,

sligutest exertion wearted me, Iheard of Dr. Greene's
Nervura blood and nerve remedy and of itr won-
derful results on other people, and I reactved to
try it, and from the results I can say nothing bu!
good for it. Ihave not been as well in years as

ia since taking Dr, Greene's Nervura aad
hoeerfully recommend it to all.”

Dr. Greene, 35 Weat 14th Bt., New York City, 1s the most successful specialist in ouring ner
vous and chrouic diseases, He bas remedies for all forms of disease, and offers to give free con.
sultation and advice, personally or by letter. You can tell or write your troubles to Dr, Greene,
for ali communications are confidential, and letters are answered in plain sealed envelopes,

If it be nevessary to perform this maneuver rapidly,
air pressure a few pounds greater than that due
to the depth of immersion is exerted over the water
in the Ballast compartments and they will be
quickly emptied, When the vessel reaches the
a wash P sition, the smokestack may be erected
as rapidly as it was shipped and the fire started
afresh

Durnng an action the dives will probably be
very short, as the boat, will be obliged to go under
water only when menaced with torpedoes car-
ried by torpedo boats and when it is necessary |
to approach the vessel attacked unobserved.
Rapid-fire gunsmay be disregard:d Advan-
tage may be taken of the practical invulnera-
bility of the vessel when rugning a-wash with
full steam power to do a large partofl its work
on the surface of the water, Its attack will be
more rapid and more certain, especially if the
ship can be intercepted

From the a wash condition,a dive while running
at full speed can be mede, probably.in 20 seconds,
During tis time a 20-knot torpedo boat can run
only 225 yards Adiveca) be made from thea-wash
condition in 10 weonds, and a 20-kn ot torpedo
boat can cover no more than 112 yards in the same
time ‘here is, therefore, but small probability
that the onset of the submarine boat can be warded
off by any other means than the superior speed
of the vessel attacked,

@REAT COKK AND COAT YEAR,

—_——
Tremendous Output of Both Expected in
Western Pennsylvania in 1900,

Pitrssvuna, Pa, Feb, 8,—This year will wit-
ness the greatest era in the coke and coal
regions of Western Ponnsylvaniain thelr his-
tory. In the Connellsville coke region more
new ovens will be built than in any previous
year, andthe coke production will be increased
fully 20 percent, There are now projected and
in the course of erection more than 2.000 new
ovens, which will be put in operation by the |
middle of the coming summer which will run |
the total of the coke region up to 21,000 ovens, |
At the beginning of the present year there
were in operation In the region 18.504 ovens, |
During the past twelve months the price of
coke has nearly doubled and the demand to- |
day greatly exceeds the production. At the
present price, $3, the buainess ia moat profit-
able. Two years ago coke was gelling for$la
ton. The produetion of the eoke region for
1°97 was =. 509,000 tons, while during the year
180, §.259,000 tone were ahinped from the
Connellsville reeion The L807 product was
valued at $14,000 000, while that of Inst year

epresented a valne of 820.500 000. The en-
arged capacity wi!l increase the produet for |
1000) to about 13,000,000 tons, with a value of
nearly $30,000,000,

Just now there is a famine incoke, Tha
famine is not acute because coke can be had
for immediate delivery but only in sinallanan- |
titles, Coke makers are justnow getting $3,00
aton for furnace coke and $3.25 for foundry
coke. Western Pennsylvania coke is now
bringing $514) at

|
|

Cineinnath and $6.50 at
Bt. Louis

All kinds of eoal have greatly ad-

; vanced th prices and to-day there is not an
| idle mine

in all western Pennsylvania, In
many cases the wages of the minera have heen
advanced greativ, The eoal famine has in-
duced many large Pittsburg consumers to
buy up coa! lands and many new mines will ba
onened soon A large syndicate, formed of
Pittsburg conenmers, has obtained control
of more than 1,000,000 aerea of rich coal landa
around the city. and will operate mines to sup.
vipanerr manufacturing plants

here are now In Pittsbure soma 3,000.-
000 tons of coal which will he shipped down the
Obie just as soon asa favorable stage o’ water
{shad Earlierin the season large fleeta went
down the riverand others are now being eol-
lectad at the mines up the Monongahela,
Never before in the history of Pittsborg mines
and mining did the situation present amore
Drosperous condition and the eoming year will
he busy for Pittsburg. Her mit!s and factories
areall running night ond day and every branch
of commercial activity as displayed here is

most prosperous
: wi
ie i
SH

1
rt

 

 

ENGLAND'S ARMY IN SOUTH AFRICA,

Indications That Ite Actual Strength Was
Overstated by Mr. Wyndham.

The statement made by Mr, Wyndham, the
Under-Secretary of State for War,in the British
House of Commons on Thursday that the British
forces in South Africa comprised 142,600 un-
mounted and 87,600 mounted men, with 4542 guna,
of which 36 are siege and 88 naval guns, seems
susceptible of considerable modification when
analyzed. On Jan. 20 the total force of regular
qroops actually in South Africa and on their way
there from India and England was 15 regiments
of cavalry, 9 batteries of horse artillery, 44 fleld
batteries, 2 mountain batteries and 83 battalions
of infantry. Putting these different organiza-
tions at their full strength, they would work out
as follows

The 15 regiments of cavalry at 500 horses each,
which is more than some of those in the fleld have,
gives 7,500 effectives.

The 9 batteries of horse artillery with 180 mea
and 80 horses each, give 1,170 men and 720 horses.

The 44 field batteries with the same comple-
ments of men and horses give 7,720 men and
8,520 horses,

The 2 mountain batteries with 100 men and
70 horses, or mules, each give 200 men and 140
horses or mules

‘The 83 battalions of infantry, reckoning them
at their full war strength, would give 83,¢ men,
but it is doubtful if the average effective of the
whole number can be reckoned at more than 850
each. ‘This would reduce the total to 70,550 men.

Theentire strength, then, of the regular for
would be by the above analysis 87,140 men an
11,480 horses. ‘lo the number of horses, how-
ever, should be added those of the mounted in-
frantry actually in the field, What the num-
ber of these may be cannot be stated with cer-
tainty, as no definite report of their number hae
appeared in any account of the verte in the field.
From the fragmentary accounts of the forceg

| engaged on different occasions, they cannot

estimated at much more than 6, woul
bring the number upto 17,880.

The total of the colonial contingents does not
come up to more than 5,000 men, with perhaps
3.000 horses, and the local Natal and Cape Colo-
nial corps, though officially put at 20,000, are,
from the accounts published, not much more than
halfthat number, probably 12,000 men with, say,
10,000 horses. Then there are the naval brigades
numbering about 1,000 men altogether, their
guns being moved about by country oxen.

This would bring the fe ting force up to about
105,140 men and 27,880 horses, The rest of the
men and horses of the 180,000 men arfd 37,800
horses of which Mr. Wyndham spoke are still
in (he air, the Fighth division, the 10, yeomanry
and the 16,000 volunteers and militia being only
in process of organization and a large part not
even yet enrollec

Then, out of the force of regulars given there
are @ full squadron of cavalry, one mountain
battery, and the strength of more than three
effective batialions of infantry prisoners of Bloem-
fontein and Pretoria. Drafts to fill up the va-

cancies caused by death, disablement and dis-.

eose are on their Way out from England or

got ready. None of the English pe re as vA
4t hand has published a clear, ta tlated atate-
ment of the various corps and organizations
actually in the feld in South Africa; and it ts
quite certain that the statement of the Under
Secretary of State for War errs by overestimate
rather than by underestimate

 

 

A MATTER OF INTERFST TO REAL
ESTATE DEALERS,

“Satisfied Liens,” “Lis Pendens” an
“foreclosure Suits” and other necessa
Fstate News ia printed in complete etail oad
dayin THe Sun, You need thie in your b
ness, Noother paper gives euch atteation te
this detail.—Adv.

cy

AFTER EFFECTS,

The way some dyspepsia and constipation remedies act reminds you of the Bible
story of the man who drove a devil out of his house and then swept and garnished ig

so fine that the evil spirit came back again anc

i brought with him seven other devile

worse than himself, So ‘‘the last state of that man was worst than the first,"’
Sometimes disease appears to have been dislodged and driven out of the system b
an unscientific medicine; it may seem to go with @pparently wonderful suddenness, Aid

is liabie to come back seven-fold worse than before.

A thoroughly scientific remedy

like Ripans Tabules acts so naturally upon the system that the entire constitution is

fortified against a return of the trouble.

depressing after effect. The Tal

but the cure is permancnt.

WANTED:—A case of bad health that rir aoe will not benedt,
-P-A- -

jong life. One gives relief, Note the word R-

R-L-P-A-N-9, 10 for 6 conta, may be oad atany dr
onials will be mailed to avy address Cor 6 conte,
ruce St, New Yoru,

There is no re-action ; no relapse; no.

ules relieve the acute Symptoms like headache and
sour stomach very quickly. The bowels are affected only in a regular

Natural way,

They
N-3 on the package and gcoopt Sones

tore, T
srwarded wy the Bipnss doe aa

 

-.

aa