SOCIAL GLORY OF SINGERS,

LITTLE COURTS ABOUT THE BTARS
AT THE OVERA,

Value of an Acquaintance, Even Remote,
With an Opera Singer—A Family De-
voted to the De Reszkea—Mme,. Kames's
Circle and Mme, Nordica’s Followers,

The foreign celebrities Who wander from their
own tiresides to sing in this country may be far
from the old tolksat home, but they receive, never-
theless, certain care and attention that must com-
penante Ina Way for theirexile. Steam heatand

{ce water in hotels may be trying enough

and sudden variations in the climate may be ob

fectionable in thetr disagreeable effecta on the
operatic visitors, but there are other leas displeas
ing features of life in America,
man or woman of importance who sings at the

Metropolitan Opera House is surrounded by a

group of admirers, Who from @ more or less re

spectful distance do all that is possible to make
life pleasant for the particular object of their
affection

‘The relations be! ween the celebrities and their

@dmirers are brought about tn various ways.

Nearly every woman that lives in @ hotel patron

fred by one of the opera singers thinks she bas a

epecial right to the friendship of the artist in ques

tion, and the degree of her interest in him or her
fs dependent upon the number of times they meet
in the dining room or in the lifts. The most en-
thusiasticaduiirer ‘hata certain baritone had here
last winter Was 4 Woman Who used to sil at the
pexttabletohis inthe hotel dining room and see
him eating breakfast) Any such relation as (his
fe sufficient to create for ihe singers Warm and en-
thusiastic ‘riends, whose atten ‘ions will be limited
only by their enthusiasm in accepting them.
Not all the acquaintances between the opera sing-
ers and others begin, however, inthisway. Nearly
all the men and women are frequently asked out
to different social affairs, and in this way {tis easy
to become acquainted with them, and persevering
admirers find many meana of continuing acquaint-
ances so begun. Other bolder women call on
gingers at hotels, without preliminary intro
duction, and take their chances of being admitted

Some times they get in under a misapprehension

as to their identity, and an acquaintance begun

even under these inauspicious circumstances
fs sufficient to mark the Woman as an intimate
friend of the particular singer in the circle of her

   

 

acquaintance with the celebrity, She is pretty
likely to do that. The impression is heightened
if she tosses off carelessly a few such remarks as
“"\fme Sembrich said to me." or
I was talking to Calve the other day.” ‘The elec-
trifying effect of a few such phrases as these in
anoridinary drawing room throwa over the speaker
temporarily a glow of sudden prominence which
makes her eavied by every other Woman. For
beveral yeara pasis »persons have been known
fn New York principally through their acquaint-
@nice With the more prominent singers

“Who is that man?
other not long ago atthe opera, The other men
tioned his name and added, “Great friend of the
De Resrkes,” as though that were the utmost
title to fame that a man could possibly possess

Some women in New York are able to keep
their friends tn a constant state of anxiety to
go to their homes on account of the likelihood
that they will mect there some of the singers from
the opera, Some social strugglers have been
able to accomplish wonders through their ability
to get the more famous lights of the Metropolitan
Opera Company to Come to thelr houses, There
ere of course entertainments of which one never
beams given in honor of these performers. One
of these took place last wees, when one of the most
distinguished singers at the Metropolitan was

| look with hope

Nearly every |

  
  

sings a new role at the Metropolitan this little
army rallies to her support and gathers about
the stage door after the performance to tell her
how perlecily lovely everything bas been. As
nearly every Woman Who gees to the Metropolitan
would like to be included in the list of personal
friends of the beautiful American singer this lit
Ue group is naturally regarded with great
envy, and it is judeed dificult to decide which
of the twWo parties to this union is the more to be
congratulated, Mise. Eames is fortunate tr
the possession of friends Who can show such de-
votion to her and they are, of course, quite as
happy in the privilege of knowing — the
lovely American, Mme Semen, 80 svon 48 Bhe
married Julian Story, took a place in American
society Which made her & Welcome guest every-
Where, brtsheis not fond of society, andis usually
w be found only in the company of inumate friends,

Mme. Nordica is an object of extreme interest
as Well to many of her compatriots, Tt is to her
career that New England Women studying music

siruggled alone with the rank and file of her pro-
fession, and distinetion came to her only late.
When she sang [solve here first she took her place
for the first time among the conspicuous stare
of the company, and ever since that time her name
has been a guiding star to half the women st udy-
ing music in this country, and all probably who
are studying ttin New England. They may have
passed the age at which the first operatic tri-
umphs are likely to be won, but the example of
Mme. Nordica always inspires them, They think
that by working for some vears such « triumph

as her's may ullimately be their reward, although |

they overlook the fact that she never could have
Won her present place unless voice and dramatic
temperament bad been natural gifts with her.
No amount of work is going to take the place of
these qualities, and every year of Mme. Nordica's
long preparation made triumph easier for her
When the timecame, But, of course, none of the
6tudents of singing thinks of that: all believe any
thing is to be accomplished by industry, so the
distinguished American soprano is constantly
sought out by Women atudving in the New Ene
land conservatories, beginning their operatic
careers with some of the Enelish companies or

Just returned from abroad with their voices either |

spoiled or improved by study and an intense desire
to get ahead, All these women seek out Mme
Nordica, and many of them are able to tell stories
of heramiabilityand kindness in receiving them,
Tt is, of course, not to be thought that she could
begin to talk tohalf who come. but some fortunate
ones have been admitted. Naturally they show
their mratitude by sending her constant tributes
tn the shape of letters, cards and other things
Within their means,

Plancon has long been the particular pet. of
% certain section of the Prench colony In New

ork, who are dellghted to have bim at thelr

of the other Frenchmen In the opera company

Mile. Calve ts also sought out eapecially by the |

French element in New York and her acceessfhility
t) them Is remarkable Few singers are &) easy
tw fet atas Mile. Calve and !f ane speaks French

it Is a simple matter to spend as much time tn |

her society
knowledge «

as ones business requires, But a
t

he language is necessary

; the first thme Mila, Calve has this year come to
friends, espectally if she talks enough about her | r

“You know when |

one woman asked of an- |

' |
Qt 4 ten arranged es;ecially in her honor in order |

that she might meet the woman who fs the ac-
knowledged head of New York society. The
two met, Yet beyond the eirele of the hundred
or more people who were gathered there the tnci-
dent was never heard of
tu be given, however, by extremely cultivated
people, who are really devoted to music and like
to show their admiration to its most notable ex-
ponent Bor many yeara past the best known
singers who have come to this Country have heen
entertained by them and always in the most
Ulpretentious mennaer, so that these functions
are quite different from the kind commonly given

That affair happened |

for the opera celehniues. Sume idea of the ex- |
tent to whieh people are interested in the presence |
and personality of the sin cers can be gathered |
from an incident which tcok place ata musicale
last wee Pwo women from the opera were there

and onomyg the guests were alao two women who

 

had he rtunate ehough to meet them. ach
Was delighted at the pleasure
Mime. X. said to ime,” one of these remarked,

“that she Likert one of the song ' i it she
could hardly keep from singing tt herself’

‘And Mine. 2. said to me,’ the other answered
“that she could have danced all wight w such a

bea uuful wali

 

 

  

  
  

   

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

 

the United States without a companion and she
tefuses to allow herself to be bored by people who
cannot speak her lanruage suMfictently well to
niake themselves understood. Her | constant
assoclates In the opera company are M. and Mme
Sallgnac and it was with them that she took the
Uttle trip to Atlantle Clty last week which cost
her already several appearances When Mile
Calve came to New York this fall she declted
that none of its hotels was ty her taste and wanted
an apartment. She found the apartment but
unluchily it had no frrtture In it The pro
fr ebor regretted very much that he was unable

furnish {tforher That was distinetiy acafnst
his rules and be could not make an ¢
even for her sake Rut Mile. Calye
apartment so sle bought the furniture
and Intends t) ship tt ell back to Paris In the
autumn. She prefers to devote herself to her
art rather than to soclety Another thing that
interferes with ber enfvement fs the comparative

ception
wenited the

 

Ignorance of French which prevails In New York
for It Is unfortunately true that a very Hmited
number of the persons she would be Hkely to
meetare able ti sneak French with fluency She
has her n particular little court of admirers
{n several New York women who have known

her sfrnce her firet seasor and have heeoame
endeared to her largely throuch
they have passed throuceh together, for Mile
Calve is nota person to seem monotonous to her
friends. She always bas some exciting experi
ence and Is usually In the midst of some absorb
{ng domestic, artistfe or social erfefa Of course
all her frfonds hear about these matters, svm-
pathize with her and do all In thelr power ¢o
straighten matters out, eo thew are alwave certe!n
t find plenty of agreeable varlety and charm
{n the pleasure of Mile. Calve's acquatntance.

ANOTHER

 

BRITISH REVERSE,

Silence Falla on Johnson, Milfttary Critte of
American Soldiertng.

 

Johnson was theoretically a good deal more
of # military strategist than his size might lead
you to expect and he hacked up hie atatements
with experiences which he had had as a Lieutan-
ant in the ‘Stenth Tancera, by Jove, John-
gon has represented a large Eng!ish manufactur-
Ing company in this elty fm the last five years
and he simply America Aside from
that he was a companionable fellow and an
entertaining talker

‘It wouldn't be tolerated at home, by Jove,
etry,” ia his vanal conclusion to «
the American ways of doing or not doing things

tolerated

omplaints against

No man who followed the Spanish-American
war was more critica! then Johnson and the fall
of Santiago was a reat blow to his theoretical

campaign. From the landing of the first Ameri
ean troops in Cuba Johnson had foraseen die
aster

“Of eo

mont, wi

Old Man,” he said to Smith of Ver-
his office

nse
shared

tary people (Jolinson said,“millt'ry’’} and vou will

have 4 ie UY experience Now, Shalter's
whole theory is plainly wrong.”
“Wodid some sharp ightngin the Civil Wag,”

} sugspusted Smuth

| we have the science,” he said,
I's going to be a pretty little tigat and |

The two w en were telighted to have come |
ate Personal Contact with (he singers and to have
adsitch brilllantwords dite ltoward them j
Hut thereis a thuch tions iatimate and devoted
Circle about every great sizer in the company
that shows far inere adule ion than these merely
! friends It is a misiake indeed, to sav
vdithon ks bina Olly to the great
wets, A vors wedi othe hurwblest has
or bersp ! rs Who merely ask that |
thes ay oon wed { muchos they possi
bly can for the coritor es they are |
go proud to know S Inst f this ¢ !
ationarca linge vere mone te ro reroarkable
in this para ular that the experences of Jean
and Edeoua » bleszne Jean is not here, but
that fact ’ “f ’ a from
continuing in dis old and enthusiasae wav. Dur
ing the fir weason that the (We brothers sang
here they mad he acquaintance of an inean
Bpicuous New York family. unt wn beyond
the small circle of its it “diate tr is. ‘The
Bare is \ found in reports of il wath
eri nor is there cle Uncen » char
Sctoristi people beyond heir d n
@ the two sineors ‘The family inetu
Qn! m road ies and one or We relat
and retin ' hot \
ing at he rlhiat thie '
her fone ith whens to he hes we ;
the case is this winter th lecor their
room r he ariisis arrive at ve , y
bav fur ot there and not a single day
pen ! t ter witl ' some gifts arriving
ron 4 fa It might be a box of salre
almon r rht b mechanical toy white
could be w ni An yriunning over the
floor ’ ow mince pieoand again
{t was a bottle of headache drops that these faith-
ful frien! sen var cf tributes
Which | tel Was a oF othe freshness
of theirin tition asthe task fiVINE Presents
to the an ‘per every day for tive months is
likely ythe fancy Theonly reward
that Was ansled for. h devotion wa he aceept
anee of an ‘sional dinner invitation and the
Bimple deligl f bein allewee fo all these
things for persons so distinguished, and it
might be atded in the case of these two men, so
delightful and amiabl There is an a
Ward, however, Which @ not te be ¢ rlooked
In their particular social set the le are fa
m , inte friends of the zkos, so
that mince pes and mechanical toy. and the hea
ache drons work Out A compensating reward
in the lowe ran These men received many
invila f irse, for the moet nsnicuous
member of New York society were delighted to
have te wsgie at their houses. and they not
{rifreqe 1 ted these invitations, for in
rota i nidto the rary the social
ei tent hat are Wn te singers ere usually
st rv co them so long as they are of
non reriore with their Wor Vhev are
tru ’ oto aceept oll invitations
' ' rene em to take time fr heir !
pr
M Sembrich came tothiqeountry
twe with the onera company she was |
selected by Poles as the particular obieet of
thei ' } rs addressed rince
hand ! red witl r i rawis
ont Ar r
real arris I ts Mer rr
House 2 . Wristy ' lave when
th ' t ' they wer
heavier Fatt hf r Knew
the ean ! ee ror 4 with
wafers lourand | with
pictur \ horrel lems
wl ’ : foshion are
i if a ’ | r ; yin ’
. rh rier These
cit V New York, | from the
\ h» far y Vin
Ss ing Prov rlocal ad
mir nishing rt cakes of
wert on eof brown flour pajisine
an! ratthe Coors House and
other r iPr ' ” ome
fo in ’ hos «af patriots
{in this r Somber nown te
rarey f alt us ficured
this vea heme x entertain
ments } rewhich were arranged in her
onora vor ) rofore ft Nel ned
Mme ima aces hae heen evor since her
errival! . r tyenrs ag particular
hare r ‘ hustnatioc friends
wy deter cine! vo 'o evervthing
possible for hoe succes \s these are influential
Women of W wr ‘ntand position, they
are allete a nl rirreat deal If "Emma,"
As they ca: fer isillforhalfan hour they are all

; Hhrown in vy titls thitter that subsides only
"toon shois juile Woilagain. When Mme, Eames

 

Very good fighting then,” said Johnson
“but conditions of warfare have changed since
then. Rapid flre muns and er--all
that sort of thing Mark my words, Smith, you
people have gone inte this campaign in your
you will

open order

usual impetuous fashion and although

win in the end you will have tw take some hard
knocks before you do.”

Smith cid not know anything about the theory
of war aud he waited and watched, confident
that \merncan soldiers were the best!n the world.
When the first letters from kickers came back
from the front complasming that transports were
‘ “ I {that thes had ne canned tomatoes
7 ts a] ! e . all

Six boy he sad. war to-day is an exact actence
ommissary department is its back bene,
cv inthe Steenth Lancers we had no end |

no this s “et u must feed men

     
 

   

na good si idiers.”
But vou can't t all of the comforts of
home at the tror aid Smith
Certainty ut shilled effeers would have
made vour t table, Now they
h r Santiago and they ;
never wi hat shonld be dene
sto strike a sclar plexus blow by besieging
Havana, Its as plain as daylight) Then vou
vartiilery te speak of and your War De
hes apparently broken down You
in the end, though.”
| lave that followed were not. pleasant for
Smith He dreaded to go to the office and have
Johnson pick flaws in the latest reports.  John-

    

    

a exmpath tic. very, but awfully superior.
iH Smith what England would have done
in tl me circumstances and while he admitted
thatthe navy was up to the mark he was very
moch afraid that the army would go to pieces,
You see at home,” he would say, “We have
very complete plans for mobilization and we are
always on oa war footing "
The destruction of Cervera's: shins cheered

Smith, but Johnson couldn't see that it made the

position of Shafter’s army any less desperate
When the surrender of Santiago was announed
Smith was disappointed that Johnson didn't
cone te theeffice on thatdas Smith had pieked
up some military terms and he beran to suspert
that despite Johnaon's e* perience in the Lancers

hedid the artof war When John
son did show up he declined to explain the success
of the American arms. Smith jeered him about
Havana, andJohnaon said he couldn'tuanderstand
the results in Cuba

When the Boer war beran Johnson tock heart
again Ile beca.ae ver ilitary in his bearing
and he twisted his morglache fioreels

“The Boers are brave en

lot monone lize

uieh a7
and that is whag
eons.
i wish L were going to be Init. We do that sort
of thing at home, you_know, in a more business-
like way than you do.”

When the news of the first English reverses
acrived Smith ventured to say that the Americans
began the Cuban campaten more successfully,

Iust woita bitold man, and you will see how

 

a screntific campaign <hould be conducted,” said
Joht

Another r re announced and Smith
t i rey swith full measure

i ‘ Niascientiiie caniy n now?” he said
"Youd t 1 to have stucied the art of seoup
ing in nyland. No exetuse for twa blunders
of t stnicl

Jobnson was puazled Then come news ata
“ ts ! Johnson stay AWAY from
t) \ t \ t sexpr
“ t} th hed artt eal
the scenes 1 Cubar "yh ! Jen} en
has st pped ta ‘bout the perior way on
wt h things are done at her His nly ref

erence to it was made sever

 

| days ago when
Smith refrained from mah ANY ¢ n
Warren's disastrous tiove ment Vohnson evi
tently expected some aptselection from hisecr 4
eriticisms of the Cuban camnauntand when Smith

didn't quote, he said

“Hy jowe, old man, IT don't think we would act
asyoudoathome. TPrubbedttin on you during
vour war and now vou have refrained from rub+

nt it inoon me. T don't think ‘hat at home
wa would have refrained,

It was not a great rprise to Smith to hear
that Johnson had declan! tis integton of be
coming an American citizen: {

 

 

For many yeats Mme. Nordica |

For |

herself ,

the experlences |

you are not a mili- |

1 all that, but |

 

DOBLEY ENGAGES A COOK.

SHOWS MRS, DOBLEY HOW TO DEAL
WITH THE SERVANT QUESTION,

 

 

Like Most Men, He Had Theories on the
Matter—He Paye a Visit to an Intelli-

gence Office and Has an Interesting
} Halt Hour—How His Theories Worked, |
| Mrs. Dobley gazed helplessly over the chafing

dish at her husband. They were breakfasting
quite Informally, owing to the fact that the cook
had been discharged the preceding afternoon,
at Mr. Dobley’s request “For my part,” sald
Mrs. Dobley, “I always belleve in waiting until
| one has secured another girl. Itis a dreary thing
| to have to breakfast on scrambled eggs and rolls
' and coffee with nothing better in sight for a week.”
“What nonsense,” sald Mr. Dobley. “You can
| put an advertisement in the paper and have 4 hun-
dred and one cooks chose from in the morning!”

“That's just the trouble!” sald his wife; “If they

| only wouldn't come in schools like whales and
|} porpoises {t wouldn't be so dreadful! They come
| a dozen ata time, and begin to ask questions
| until you don't quite know ff they are hiring you,
or you are engaging them. You see, I've been
| through it, and you haven't. After all, Belinda
| wasn't 50 bad!”

| “Now look here, Honora, You had to admit

that she never had anything on time!”

“She was late occasionally.”

“She broke dishes.”

“Ves; she did destroy some of the china and

| glass!”

“She lost silver and ruined the table linen tn
the laundry. I'm quoting your own worda,
Honora."

“Oh, yes; she was a Ifttle careless.”

“She not only generously sampled the decantera
on the eldeboard, but she Insleted on filling them
up with water when ashe had imbibed most of thelr
orginal contents,”

“Oh, all cooks drink

| afbiilties!”
| “She fought with the butcher's boys, and all

You can't expect Impoe-

| uA
“Helinda had a quick temper"

“We had agreed to put up with all these trifling
j Irregularities, but when she reached a point that
she felt it her rigbt to stand at the head of the
| kitehen stairs armed with a chopping knife and
arolling pin threatening the other servants and
daring me to disarm her, why, I considered {t was
} about thme to call a halt”

“To call a polleeman, you mean,” suggested
Mra. Dobley. “I don't see why you made such a
| dreadful imeoverit The ldea of having a patrol
| Wagon come up to our door!”
| “T have yet to see the day,” sald Mr. Dobley,
| “when I would lay my hand upon 4 woman, no
'

matter what her station fn life might be. I re-
| gard Belinda, from what I have heard of her, as
being too flery and untamed for domestic use
Personally, I wouldn't know her if I saw her; but
I cannot see in selecting these people why you do
not go more by facial characteristics; study up
Lombroso -look at thelr ears and their foreheads,
and take their measure, as it were”

"Cooke all look exactly alike! They are all
large, aggressive, patronizing and impertinent.
They ask all sorts of questions, and they snap one
up like dragona if they are questioned at all. T
confess I'm afraid of them.”

“Oh, this servant cir] question! This servant-
girl question!” exclaimed Mr Dotley; “if only
they had men to deal with! The trouble with all
you women is that vou begin by being too concill-
atory. You should be haughty and domineer-
ing. That's the only sort of thing that goes with
that particular species. It cows

tn the eye.”

“Well, I never should look a wild beast In the
eye or even a mouse. I'd run!” confeased Mre.
Dobley, “and that's the way I feel about cooks.”

“You should bring auto-hypnotiam into play,”
said Dobley. “It's very simple. Make up your
mind to control t)em. Then you have 'em!”"

‘I don't understand those things,” said Mrs.
Dobley. “I don't see why you didn't come down-
stairs and hypnotize Belinda”

*She had a chopping-knife with her. Metal
counteracts the hypnotic current. But I'll give
you an instance. Look directly in my eyes, Mrs.
| Dobley.”

Mrs. Dobley Jooked at him intently, and Dobley

made passes iu the alr with his hands ever the

| table while Mrs. Dobley watched him in amaze

ment. “Look at me!” he commanded, snapping
his fingers

“Lam looking at you Just as hard as I can,” sald

Mrs. Dobley
| “Pass the butter,” sald Dobley, Mrs. Lobl-y
did so. “The rolls! ‘shouted Dobley "the egga—

the toast"”

“There is no toast,” 6ald Mrs. Dobley
| “There said Lobley, triumphantly. “If
you only had hept your mind fastened on the
subject and your eye ou mine you would have been
completely hypnotized.”

“Llooked around for the toast,” sald Mrs. Deb-
ley.

‘Lgut in the hypnotic state you'd have handed
me the first thing near you under the Impression
that it was toast.
mind of the subject.
CwO0k-——-"

Dobley, “because you understand the system
60 much better than 1, Just put your hypnotic
powers in play and get us a real good one.”

| the ditferent tradesmen until they refused to serve |
house along with MM. Saleza, Alvarer and some | ”

 

' bables at my hore?

them at once. .
It ts Hike taming a wfd beast by looking it firmly |

It's obtaining control of the |
Now, when you engage a |

“Suppose you engage her?” entggested Mra. |

e--why
| aid you say the add

sponte oot time was passing. |

ve swo afternoons off every, week, and, of
course, I want my Sundays {ree,” she 6aid; “an
about the wash, jon't do shirts.

“Certainly not,” said Dobley.

Traight iry the place,” she said, “and if it suits

I'm easy to get slong with, What,

fess was!”

Dobley gave her the number and street on 4
fll of paper. “You might call and see my wife,

a.
eee what?" said the bejetied person rising
to her feet,
“My wife,” said Dobley_ meekly, “she usually
attends to these things. I only dropped in to

wee’

“Why didn’t you say you had a wife” demanded
the lady indignanuy. “Here I've been wasting
my time talking © you. I'm looking for a place
as housekeeper to 4 single gentleman!”

“I'm very sorry,” said Dobley; “but I’ve been
married for ten years. It happened somehow
One of those foolish impulsive matches” ——

“I think you're crazy,” said the lady, stalking |
from the room and slamming the door after her,
while Dobley sat counting his fingers and talking
to himself. If he could have eaca without
being noticed at this moment he would have taken

 

any risk. But there was no window and only

one door—the one which led through the office

trom which he now heard sounds of Uttering |
A tall, square-shouldered Swedish woman

came in and stood towering over him and smiling
an affectionate maternal smile that was almost
epalling.

“Do you cook’ asked Dobley. He had de-
termined to be severe this time.

“Yah!” said the woman

“lL want a cook—you
“and I'm married.
in any way.”

“Yah!” she said.

“Do you talk et: rll

1

|
said |
“Ya-a--h!" smiling more broadly.

I don't want to deceive you

know,” Dobley,

“Any other, [mean” gaid Dobley. '

“Yah Yah!" she said with friendly emphasis,
“I-- Anglish-h!”

“Yah— Ule- Oleson’”” asked Dobley,

“Na~ a ah,” she said shaking her head,

ry
“Well, you won't do,” said Dobley desperately.
Her smile was irritating
“Yah?” she asked
“Nah” said Dobley
“Nah? shoe persisted.
“That's what I said,” said Dobley, | oking at
his watch
“How old {t is?” she asked, tenderly.
“How old what is”
“The ba a-aby?
“What ba aab
“Nahi”
"Oh, see here, Freda, do we vou think we eook |
, Noh—nah— rah! TE dont |
think you'll doatall, Freda. You smile too muel

 

  

4nd you don't talk enough We want a cook-— |
nota sphinx.’
"A cook” Yah?’ s! e asked,
“Yah, a cook! answered Doble, |

She rose sadly ty
clouded over, She

er feet, her smiling face
‘ ced reproachfully at bim. |
“A-hm-a noorse,” she seid, her reproach chang- |
Ing tyscom. ‘Then she drifted from the room
lobley mopped his brow as a sternfeatured |

yerson ina shawl came in and sat down opposite
Im. “Arrryizlooking fora kuk, sur”

“Tam,” sald Dobley; “that's the idea exactly

“I'm a dacint, respectable woman,” she seid, |
“wid siven sears rifrince frum me inst plaace, an’
T wuz niver out uy a plaa ace~ {n me Iife--an' I
wuddn't be this blissd momet if it wuzen't fur a
pralrecn UV & Man that thot he cud ruun the
ouse himself’ Hf» poor wife wuz a dacint lady,
and she putts up wid him. but he's a era aa nk,
and doesn t desurve to have such a wife. Poor
woman--many's the tofme I've seen her ervin’
over his stay!n’ out late nights and tellin’ her
eome He whin he eomes home drunk as a lord—
and that’s a thrue word I'm tellin’ ye.”

‘T want you t) call and see my wife.” sald Dob
ley, rising, for he had been raptdly planning an

  
  

escape, “Just tell her that I sald you'd do If she |
thought wo, This ts the address” He handed
her a card

“Diz ye hov rifrinces™ she ald

“Oh, we can give vou the hest references,” he |
eald, “and anything you don't see, why, Just ask |
for {t, and {t will be your's. We'll pay you any
hing you ike, and ive you some private stock
n the cellar, and we'll efve up wearlne shirts tf
that’s any accommodation, and Vl get rid of my
wife If you prefer [t- anyt)ing—anything you
may suegest Good morning, madam, good |
morning” |

That night when Dohley reached home his wife |
met him atthe door with a smiling face. “Oh, {|
was so lovely of you,” she sald, “to get Belinda
back!”

“Belinda” sald Dobley, crowing pale

“Why, ves!" sald Mra Dobley “That was
Belinda that vou sald would do {fT thonght so, |
and she wants only 85 a month advance, and
really, you know, John, she's not ao bad when
you comet. think of it!”

 

Evolution,
(The Man Before and After "The Man with he Hoe.’’)

“Bowed by the weight of centuries he leana”
Upon hie stiok and gages all around,

The emptiness of hunger in his eyea—

Aye! he would killa brother ape for food!

Who let him loose upon the earth to prey

On feebler creatures with sardonic glee?

Was't Nature? God? then wherefors seek to blame
The “masters, lords and rulers iu all lands?”

 

More centuries now are pildél on his back.
He's lost some hair, Hiacluh's become a hoe,
No longer slays he his own kind for food,

| But peaceful tills the ground, and bows in prayes,

“Gh—well now—it's @ lite out of my depart |

ment, don't you think #o” asked Dobley weak-
ening visibly.

“That's just iike a man,” said Mrs. Dobley.
| “You tell us how simple it is to manage domestic
| atfaiss and give us systems and all that, but you

back out when it comes to tackling the matwr

actuclly.

“Ch I'll get you a cook if that's the vor you
feel about it,” protested Dobley hghty. “Where
do you tind ‘em. «At the department stores or
in the florist shops? Do they come in 4 box or
by the buneh?

“There is the intelligence office that I usually
go to, said Mrs, Dobley, giving him acard. “It's
safer to see them there because they are more
tame in the intelligence offices than when they
get you alone somewhere.”

“Ha—ha— ha laughed Mr. Dobley. “What
a ridiculous idea! You speak of ‘em as though
they were tigers and lions. Well [I’m fond of
sport. I'll stop on my way down town and lasso
one for vou
| Hy the time Dobley reached the intelligence
oftice he had dropped hie air of lightsome gayety
for one of deep resolve and had assumed an es-
pecially severe expression which he considered
would quell any of the symptoms his wife had
mentioned as being part of the cook character.
The office seemed to Dobley to be aa full of fe
males as 46 Broadway candy shop after a matinee
He wae the only manin sight and he eapertenced
a sort of stage fnght whet he felt the numerous
paira of eyes fastened on him. But he quickly

 

Mra. Dobley would chaff him if he failed,

“l—er--wish to engage a domestic” he said
to the trim young woman atthe desk as she looked
him over with 4 surnicious gray eye

Housekeeper, ni..se, wet nurse, kitchen maid,
cook, Waitress, Upstairs girl or ladies’ maid?" she
rattled out

“Justa cook,” said Dopler.

“Two dollars, please,” she said, and Doble
paid the money and walked as directed intoa small
Toom papered in blue roses and carpeted in red and
orange ‘There was a chair and a settee and he
hesitated, wondering Uf etiquette demanded that
he should occupy the moretmportant chair. Then
he recollected what Mra. Dobley had said about
| cooks being all very ponderous and he abandoned
| the settee and took the chair. Then he found

bimeelf laughing at the room, which he fancied

{Jlustrated in # colored supplement and labelled

as an artistic nightmare. Suddenly the door
| opened and Dobley started. A most un-cook-

ike person, magnificently jetted, entered

aim PeriAg kittenishly. As she sat down she

e

}
|
|

dropped her gloves, handkerchtef and pocket-
book, which Dobley picked up for her.
"You are looking for a poweeenper she said,
throwing her eves coquettishly at him
*“\ cook,’ said Dobley, apologetically. Iteeema
as though be ought to be looking fora housekeeper
“Of course I can cook,” she said, with a languish-
tng glance; “but I'm always treated as one of the
family You see, if I hadn'tlost'my husband
IT never'd had to work
the world,”
“Ti is, indeed,” said Dobley. 7
“It's a cruel thing to have to face a bleak extat-
| ence alone,” she went on tching her eves with
her handkerchief and smiling. “so I thought the
place would @ult; 4re you a bachelor ora widow
gentleman” pr
“Neither,” said Dobley, stammering
“Oh; domeatic trouble, I suppose,” sha said,
“well {t's common enough now, goodness knows!
Some of the women don't seem to know when they
Do you like music?”
ley, surprised at the eud-

gel a rood man.
Extremely,” anid
denness of the question,
“Hecause,” she sald, “I play a little.”
“Indeed!” said Dobley gaauringiy
“I don't have many callers,” she went on; “al
though, of course, T might have been married
many tumes over if Tweonted to

“"T've nu doubt of that,” said Dobley. + Ten be
‘

It's hard to be thrown on |

“How will you ever straighten this thing up?”
Oh! Ye of litths knowledge! Wherefore ask?
Has evolution’s lesson taught ye naught?
Have ye no faith the plan will sure work out,
And culminate in Perfect Mau at last?

 

 

Brush from thine eye, an | evermore feel shame
That, in amoment of poetic rage,

The ‘masters, lords and rulers in all lands”
Thou didst confound with that resistleas Power,

| Which, through the Ages, with sublime intent,

yulled himself together when he thought of how ,

Hath evoluted (1.) and (2.) to (3,),

 

dP. a,

Trump Sued for Money Lost at Cards.
Promthe 8, Pau Uispater,

La Crosse, Wis., Jan. 27.— Papers have been
served by the United States District Attorney
David F, Jones of Sparta, on Attorneys Doherty
and Baldwin of this city in a very
action, Which is a sequel tothe sensational sutcide
that occurred last October in Wilton, Wis

James Liewellan, Whose home Was in Waterioo,

this State, went to Wilion with several hundred
doliars, the savings of years, with which he in
tended to pur hase a farm and make a home for
his young bride, While there and before he closed
the deal, Llewellan got into a game of poker and
lost every cent He immediately went to his
room and ahotand killed himself

Relatives of the young man now bring suit

unusual civil

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

|
|

Look! See! the blinding film of doubt
}
'

Endorsed by Musicians.

PIANOLA

Is an instrument by means of which
any one can play the piano.

The Pianola is bringing into use thousands of pianos that have been
silent for many years.

It is making players of people who, lacking musical training, had
never expected to experience the pleasure of producing music for them-
selves,

It is increasing the repertoire of amateur and professional pianists by
making the entire literature of the piano instantly avatiable without study
and without practice.

The Pianola looks like a small cabinet. it has small felt-covered
fingers that rest on the keys of the piano and, operated by pneumatic
power, strike the keys with a pliant, yielding and remarkably sympathetic
touch that is almost identical with that of the human fingers.

When not in use the Pianola may be easily rolled away from the
piano and moved to another part of the room

The Pianola can be used in conne.tion with ony piano and does not
in any way mar or distigure the instrument, It ca be easily and quickly
adjusted by any one.

The action of the Pianola is so simple that even a child can readily
learn to play it; at the same time it is capable of so much expression that
its greatest admirers are those who best understand and appreciate good

music.
PRICE S250.

Can be bought by instalments Lf desired
It is a significant fact that the Pianola is the only piano player which
has received the endorsement of musicians.

EMIL SAUER orders two more Pia-
nolas in a letter just received from him from Ger-
many, and says:

“The instrument works in every respect
absolutely perfect, and | am by this sensational
and epoch-making invention more delighted
than ever.”

 

THE AEOLIAN COMPANY, 18 West 23d St., N.Y.

Newark Representatives, LAUTER CO., 657-659 Broad St.

 

 

OUR WAR AND ENGLAND'S, | SrorsstaveSiderering qhanaccurae: ove

 

 

lh som the C4 ile rate side for whieh no official

returns are on file the War Depa mt The:

“BUTCHER'S BILL? OF 1861-65 COM=\ Were cithet | ctot meee ae yet }
PARED WITH TRAT IN AFRICA, | 4F0 conerally officlally set out in detail, but in a

   

Senialenenaiadis } continulng campeon lib

Losses in Dead and Wounded itn Fifty of | > lerehanee d ae

Our Greatest Battles, as Compared With eter as of one affalr
Those Suffered by Great Britain Thus n the

thatof the seven days
.or the operati
ofteptiines all grouped ty

Such was the case als
Adanta campaign, in which the Confed

 

 

  

    

 

ns before

  

The Pianola provides
a source of pleasure for
every one, whether he
be novice or skilled

musician.

It overcomes the
difficulties of the
unskilled by supplying
the necessary technic to
play any piece.

It satisfies the artistic
demands of the
musically cultured by
allowing the player
instantaneous control
of expression,

It responds to his will—
the rendition has
therefore a musical
personality the same

as when played with
the human fingers,

The claims made for
the Pianola are
marvelous—so also are
the endorsements it
has received from the
great artists.

Emil Sauer has recently
purchased two more
Pianolas for friends in
Germany. Why?

Come and hear

the Pianola and
judge for yourself.

 

4, homore than 6,000 to. 6,000 Federals were
* | against about 12.000 Confederates, Com
the bloody losses at Wilson's Oreek with those

> | of Methuen at Modder River, Yet these American
Tle Unien losses Woops were then comparatively raw, miereas
$

Methuen’s army were mainly regulara

firet Hull Run net more 15,000 men were
engaged on either side, and were green volun+
tevrs, yet the losses on either side were about
» double those of Buller at Colenso, where an eq
number apparcnatly were en, ‘aged, or on the

But let us suppose something had happened

 
 

    

Far—The Forces Engaged Compared. | *\ returns @ro nottound atall  Henee sue N
, , : 7 ? . , engagements (ome of Them wroat battles) as Gler lhuller like the Confederate repulse In the fires
WasiinGTon, Feb, 2.—The United States are | dale, Kiel mond, Ay, Happalannock Statl the seven days’ battle at Mechantosville whe
@ much vounger nation than Great Britain.never- | Mine Run) KRenesaw, Resaca, beach TreeCrees,  @bont 17,500 of them went up againgt a fort fed
theless they have had greats once of real | UOUesbere and Lovejoy Station, first asseulp line worse than Spion Kop, held by about 8,
weless they have had greater experience of real | in Petepabure [yo » Bottom, Weldon Ratiroad, | 4 nion soldiers, when nearly 3,500 of them were
war and imbibed a deeper comprehension of all | Chains Fer ' asaault on Petersbur ited and wounded in an hour or twa The
it involves than the nation whose “drum beat ig Abril 2. 1485, Sallors Creek, and many others Whole Britis: nation must have fallen down in @
heard 1 the world.” In the “butcher'a | Af Petforce omitted. I of these baetes | fit. iut the Confederates didn't draw off; they
eard round the work n the “butcher's | 4), ran up {ito the thousands. ‘The Uni stuck t tifir job and the next day got even a@
bil” our Civil War would swallow up @ dozen | losyes fn killed and wounded, for instance Gaines s SOilL Or let us suppose Buller had
such wars at that of the Crimea, or the Peninsular | Wie iret thre yassaulton Petersburg in he Bevore For, Donelson jm piace of vane ae
eee 1 wer 2 re than the British losaee alt he hove held Lis ground after McClernand’s re
campaigns, with Waterloo thrown in, Therefore | gagior cf war bera fut {6 te mol oF pulse) Povotul in view ef what we now know
we know that there have been no battles yetin | ried in the table because there are no retur) 5 of him Itis true thatGrant’s army was finally
South Africa, | whatever of Confecerat ses, and no offiel re enforced to considerably more than Buller bh
on NT : dntn fy which to make estimates So wit) | 20 his first batde, but the difference could p
The Hritish forces have been brought toa dead | yy at of the others oniltted a have been very great. And Grant ulti
standstill by half their numbers, much asthe Sor f those included were small affairs Donesonatth Haot with fewer men than Buller
Union forces were by the first Bull Run, which, | Comparison with some of Qiese omitted ones In tha | & k into action or had at hand, Meanwhile
' b lenis of kitted ani wounded “laut tise ws wlance at the losses in both sides at Donelson.
by the Way, Was a greater “bate” than anything —fmyortart {n other respects Aa determinin : as Thore are aisoy other batdes of our Civil Wag
we have yet seen in South Anca, Yet Bull Run) paige, or the capture of large numbers of prison Made equally suggestive by such comparison
was but a small affair compared w at least | ers. Ike the dovietory at Arkansas Post but it is needlaws to enlarge upon thelp detaila,
wa as ; where a furtand nearly 5,000 pris ners were ca The tures of the foregoing table tell their owg
thirty of the subsequent actions of the Civil War. | gured, 1 the Confederate defeat of Sturgis. tale, and may hereafter be useful and instructive
Tt is plain now to both North and South thatthe Gurtown, whleh broke P oA cCARDals ; ar the events of the South African war occur
‘ : i a iss f compe es tt nn 4 - ERA
Northern power ought not to have been utterly | SW peded ¢ tin r forces, some 1,600 of whe compel fresh attention Lrstus J, PERRY,
; 5 were captur ode feht ip
we a theatre b 4 .
paralyzed in the Virginia theatre by the small | oy caretu ult bbaws that there were ower | Firmly Rooted,
Bull Run reverse, nor sh lit have suffered de | ninety emgacu ont oe rh \ ‘lone
’ ot . ing t Linwrican Civil From the Memphis Scimitar,
feat at all on thot field) Both were the re | War in — ths Un & The dave fa Mississippl
at one ’ eda rhte Mis : f
sults of a single fault which we see repeated | Ali au x : , f losses ‘a : 1 i Py * - 8s yong oe has
: ene. rem :. s t ay Jopter AM phis ¢ , 6lls
day after day by the British in South Africa— 9 were eieyes ' rhe ee ee othe Menem
J ‘ ment ne the ing storyon her father:
the shortcomings of leadership, Uf they can over fags Pade tenat tar ‘ Fis Wu + al Pipa Was relating tothe fami! 4 of
7 » nats ‘ ' as rele nm c Le ¢
comeitas the North did the British may vet win, ° Raf a) =e a ' a lea halt oe
each of whi i his friends one day the experience he had gone

These are the only particulars in which there isa y led exceeded t

 

 

 

parallel between the American Civil Warand the thelr engaweme om The
British-Boer campaign OF ; ° ! fonge ta siinil
Correspondents from time to time quote losses | t! nth t e wTreat { tt ; ron
of various commands in our Civil War tn speci the Fe ! foler rie
engagements in comparison with British losses f0T" Up ly co ewe! nick abpeat
intheiraffairs with the Boers. Ittherefore appears the per : pee. Ney Qs
to be Worth while to tabulate fifty of the more | far in excess of nyt 1 mwnoin utl
important engagements of the Civil War with ihe | Af BF ny On SLeeerh ae Aron
losses in killed and wounded, only omitting the | nu; a : i re tate h Vy rises
missing and prisoners, Numbers of the missing, | Wiose ot the Te ts t Wils
however, in nearly every battle werekilled or Creek, in Missouri, f tthe ivearcfthe we

wounded, but not so reported, Prisoners captured.
are omitted because they tell no tale of the destruc:

 

      

   
  
     

 

through tn having a tooth pulled. He said the

  

dentet pulled so hard that he pulled him clear
outolhisehair, Twas only a little girl at the
time but lisustered up courage to say, halfe
musingly
' : Well papa, that must have hurt mighty
“Well, T guess it did,’ he replied. ‘If you
could have seen the two roots of that tooth
1 That Were Wropped around my backbone, you
, Would Kuo wot hurt without asking me.’
[sippose he meant jawbone, but the laugh
that wed was foo loud forme to hear the
4 eorrect an! T donot knowto thisday where
thet sof that tooth had taken hold,”

 

 

 

 

 

tive powers of either belligerent. Vast numbers
of prisoners are sometimes secured atvery little
expense of bloo shed, 4s at Harper's Ferry: |
Killed. —Wounded
Ra'tle. Union, Confed. Union, Confed,
Tal Run 441 aat Lai) = 1,582
Wilson's Creek 248 27 Tel wo |
Ball’e Bluitl....e.see. oe au 154 it |
MID Springs... ceeeeee 3B (125 207 aoe
Port Donelson. 500 ane 2,104 1.086 9 Ni sa
Pea Rita my Sy dt Prof. Laborde’s Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
BO. ...ccrreeveeee MT5G 1,798 B40% 4,12 | As
Williamsburgh 455 288 1,410 wT | FIVE DAYS TRIAL TREATMENT
act hae 1453 aan uu | «=: SONt Absolutely Froe by Sealed Mail to All Sufferers.
Port Republic “7 73 wt hits . )
Fair Ouks . Two Wa 8,6 4,740 ‘ * ® Si NO C. 0. 0. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Mochanicsville....... 40 "00 1.850 | ; 7 '
Gaines’s Miler, BNE 1,700 “724 occ. nly fr ‘paration ki win to acience Which really
Malvern stvseee BUT 1,050 2,002 4,078 French remedy dis-overed by Prot. dutes Lavordes tt te
Cedar Mountains... BIG 241 1,445 1,120 contro led inthis country by the Von Moht Company, of
Second Ball Run,,...1,747 1,688 0.458 9.019 } Heinntl, Ohio, a ro which occupies a high and
south Mo untal + 825 200 1,408 1,180 hie ‘ " y ei “ ae f n eddein . " Hf ne of the
Antietam... ++e2,108 1,612 0,549 7,816 BhYOne Who im acquaint that ory will te nernney, as
TURD, +1490 » MAL 266 a18 p12 Ihe Vou: Mol pany uf wen sufferin
Corinth seer 35S BUS 1841 2,180 fr ‘ Haritiood, Sy \ Var cogele, Small
Porry ville, .... re B45 B10 2.981 2,05 b t . san 1 ' oan en 4 OF Pema
Prairie Urove.. oe 175 1At 1% 847 ER eo Sen mt ‘ a ms a ee ay * treats
Frederickaburg......1,29 00 4,0 of CALTHOs,” eru girs ys (he sufferers
Chickasaw Binits 204 67 Lows will {new vigor their organ ‘ ein thew
Murfre shorough Li $906 7.4 Wd nr : brew | heir ve : va tetion, and
Arkansas Post 1s , x i : pi re t a wova fr ko Utd BeDsae
ancelloravil ob 1.85 74 host 1 fe *, Siete eh, che eels
ee helena +n 7 rings” 1900 lina I) Phy her pet withit. The
V cbs! nriistege, ai s05 BUTO  bwis five tre it by wed nia! toullon roe
re TCHS We 17 wos $17 Sietioner e es nr miitte tt printed ine
Crettysburyg 155 AROd Ag a IN 74h ti me ' ; soe Hint Teh hogs,
Chikae BURL LN A wy Ta 182 It vd the wenbe
| Bristoe Station oe GD et 835 ; 1 t t re\cess, or Overe
Missionary Ridge 753 NAL (722 2,180 v 0 1 ALEHON” will effect @
Ch uste ° L038 Ws 1,152 “4 } t ee may be called
ition ne os — a rhe \ Vioh Comey ys il Correspondence in
Wildernoos 4 2,245 1,490 12.07 9,120 ' 1 enee in
spolte lvania 2.725 1,400 18,416 0 4,70 . Cn ako
lrewry's Blatt wo 165 2,380 dal ; ) E rouust mar hood
Cols Masbut...., 1845 BHO W077 ? ‘“annrres rly ' 1 t We i sty
CHONOWD s+ seamen soves J 5 we but tier or t rvinth unites have
AUIADIB . 6.6 sroereee BAR ALUU 2.0b0 Mh pe hist Bihand viecty, Cures
' t : twine . fs ‘ ‘ i
Petersburg Mina,..., 606 600 Byok hw i > eal Serene ols 1 anaes,
peu eee GOT = 208 4.998 «1.607 | FI witht stage of wpllenay oF
Fisher» iin , a” 457 a i y ' exon) Weakness does
Fraubl ' ae ate 5 4 Vek Each
Fravkloa Nw ‘ Loagravates coe
Hentonvilla......., lt ' tue “ she hai ene ne harm is 1, ind h jee he soe \ f peeet

egeinet Daniel Trump, alleged to be the man
who won the money from Lieweilan The action |
oy oarpenent of the attorneys, will be tied im the ;

culgeoust im this county.) ~ =

There were a number of other heavy engage

| ments nuit ate Wot inchided in ln in bocasoe | THE VON MOHL COMPANY, 603 B, Cincinnati, 0,» hirer iin ehe Cultel wittat