;
'
f
'

SOT, + ise er ee

:

 

+ ens

en

   
  

   
 

      

PLAYS THAT HAVE PASSED.

 

NONE O
KITHER NIGH OR LOW,

They Had No Better Nor
Than Polite Amusement The Least Suc
epsafal Among Thom Will Be Remembered
Longest-The Demand for Comic Opera,

A winter week has Just passed without a new
f the first clase.

play In any New York theatre of
That is unusual. One deduction ts that a great
deal of acceptable diversion is now on cur atage.

 

Worse Purpose

-titions, the least successful was nota flasco,
and two were positively prosperous None of
them was ethically either hich or low. They
professed no better nor worse purpose than po-
lite amusement They were clever compositions

rep

pernicious, and they gave pleasure to most of
the quarter of a million peor le comprised in thelr
atidiencss Pwo of thase plays, “The Manceurres
of Jane” and “Wheels Within Wheels,” were ex-
amples of the hest work that is now being done
by London playwrights Henry Arthur Jones
in the one and R. . Carton in the other wrote
in the satirical spirit which has of late rested
upon English authors of theatrical fietions, They
delineating the average men

yebie soclety

were realistic In
and women of fashio They made
no one altogether virtuous ‘The per
re such as we meet in everyday life
Being thus

rvilous

sonages we
They did

nothing unreasonable

not stir us profoundly. We could neither ad-
mire or despise them unqualifiedly
amused us very much
a possible product under such conditions, but
these were merely comedies of the modern London |
type, and they appealed to the tasteful and the
modish portions of the public, Their heroines
were not too circumspect to elope with thelr lovers,
but they did not go so far astray that they could
not easily return to (hetr Somes, nor do anything
shocking to see while going as far as they went,
They were a girl discontented with maidenhood |
‘

 

and a voing wife dissatisied with matrimony.

Their traits, motives and besavior were Interest:

ing through unexaggeraied naturalness, For ,
the sam? reason these two casual young wom:
acreeable acquaintances though they were, | I
soo. be forgotten. They wera no more jo
cular than the average of femivinity in actual

evenings of pleasant pastime
but the occasions

We
them and their famtiies
Hlovever, as achievements
in neat and nice stagecralt, from the writing
of the first line by the author to the speaking

ie actor, these two English

of the last one by ti
comedies were deserving ofall the favor accorded

life spent
with

were not memorable

 

to them.
Less meritorious and therefore lesa hed was
“The Cowboe and the Lady.” Nevertheless,

Cowboy Goodwin and Lady Pitot will Le remem
inthatpiay atthe hnicher

 

bered for what they di
boeker long after we are unable to rer weet who |
enacted the lovers lately at Daly sand the Madison
he bic Burr Melntosh ranchman and

 

Square
the little Minnie Dupree waif, with there Cannel
and calico, will stay in our hearts when the ara

ing room sweethearts in broadcloth and satin
have faded = from iro minds Clyde Fiteh's
fault in this play was not weakness of
characterization His creations were clear
and s'roag Hle set them iu motion effect
uslly in the first act Phat portion of the piece

border breeziness and free human
Harte ever put into a story. To
the brave and |
a collegian

had as much of
nature as liret
be sure, they were a familiar set
strong cowboy with the culture of
and the manners of a dude, the lady with trans
a brutal husband, the orphan
ch froniiersmen and
{hing Hercules with
nee house mistress,

cendent beauty and
girl adopted by a lot of re

suitors for her hand. the li
the heart of a Cupad the d
the half breed Indian and other Western types.
Nor was it origiial to have the hero, as yet de-

being thrown down a precipice by # runaway
horse, and then modesti¢ conceal his) bravery
from her. But the oll ideas were put forward
With vivacious humor,
new details. The setting of the stage, with o
rocky foreground, a deep ravine back of that, and
high mountains in the distance, wassuch s rugged
environment that the incidents of the spoiled
cocktails and the penalty for profanity were
not unseemly When the tine lady kissed every
coarse man except the rught one, in her endeavor
to give a thank you token (o the saver of her
life, itdid not look atall forward in and

Oily regret felt was that her grateful lips did
not find the cheek of the fellow who had earned
them. Nor did the climax of the act have a the
atric were the circumst:
when his broken arm
to the aniateur surgery
and the waif girl sang his pet ballad to divert
him in his pain. The curtain never fell without
spontaneous applause on that picture of rude
life, with its tender touch of feminine sympathy
But, alas, that was tho Iastof the hearty approval
but no tears, and several
were merrily
much depressed

her the

 

 

so fitting

submitted

aspect, ANnces,
the cowhoy

torturing kindness of

 
 

Some laughter ensued
things seriously meant received
The audiences were not when,
atthe end of the second act, the cowboy falsely
accused himself of murdering the lady's husbend |
in order to save her from arrest. Neither were
they greatly elated when, as the result of the |
trial in the third act, he was proved innacent
If this drama could be chanired end for end in

 

interest, so ne to anbstitute creseendofor dimin-
uendo, it would not have cappeared fram the
stace last nicht Why not try it at a special

aet first and the first net
interesting? an experi-

matinee with the last
last?) That would be as
mentas “The Master Binider
pendent Theat 1 quite as intelligible

The fourth play to depart from our stage wag
“Three Little Lambs." themusica:farca bey ROA
Karnet and others, the unnamed ones being the
variouscentributorsoftunes, The London Gaiety
method was applied to the making of
tainment. That is to say, no single musician
wasdependedonforthe score, Noneofour Amer)
Can Composers seems Versatile enough to supply
all the fecetions and sentimental ightand heavy,
required for such pieces. Thathas heen the most

was at the Inde

 
    

this enter-

   

grievous Jack in our native comic oreras. Gur
extravaganzas, taking their tune m Tom,
Dick and Harry by pure) ase or purloinine, have
had the needed diversity of motes. Souea'e
marches will Dot answer the purpose Alone, nor
will Herbert's ensembles, but cither of then,

supplemented by three er four simple airs as
haunting 48 those that the rag-time balladists
put out for the populace, would be tremendously
successful, ‘The theatrical public is hungry for
light, trivial, but tuneful music
that our comic opera lib
themes, low in humor, »
contenptible generally Hut the lack of really
diverting still more grievous Such
merits as the scores contain are usually technical

It is true, also,
‘tos are unoriginal in
COW Wty at all, and

 

 

musie is

and for musically expert ears alone to appreciate
We haven't a Sullivan
ran Offent capet

of pulling atleastonecapuvating melody intoeach |
work he takes in hand
amanager, with a good Ameri
Can subject to start with, michtobtain fr m here |
and there among such balled makers and | and- |

Able to attune any verse
suilably; no ora Strauss
but it seems as though
hbretio on an

 

masters AS We have a setof suitably diverse tunes

There would be a fortune in» strikingly original
Amencan comic opera thus outitted with popular |

good musi

Broadway was not withouta new play inet werk,
but it was below Fourteenth street as to theatre
and down to 40 cents as to its costiliest seat. It
was hich in av wever for “Man's
Fnemy’ was a temperancedrany,

wed purpose, }

The authors

provided a thoroughly conventional set of charac
ters, yet showed same of thy In pleasingly new
guises Their hero's woes were due in larce

measure ty his

 

appetite for aleohole stimulant
Thisgavehimchancestorart good resolutions,
which isin { wed by a deep drink
His ft of delirium ended VIOne pull ata pocket
flask YY his unpleasant visions ceased
lis partiopation in a more su {

companionship with a {rail

and her sleeves
side was «now
In twodays, and the cupt
Hubbard's

The hero was at his palest, but he gave his last
Sandwich to the child. and lent}
She walked ot won b
Bpon hisshoulders.

 

A {-
me }
ard Was bare as Mother

rent te

 

the «

Her father hadn't ex me

as coat to her

 

| of food, but not his coat.
' gome of the love passages, but Was unanimous
' tn approval of this incident
FINE COUR WAS ETHICALLY — come could not be forescen Was with pistols. The
! villain loaded them, the agreement being that
only one should contain a bullet, and he told the
challenger, who had the choice of weapons, which
Yet after the firing it was the hero
A fight which the audience
took with greater relish Was with nature's Wea pons.
The hero and the villain wrestled to and fro.
Window was behind them, and not a few In the
gallery audibly advised the hero to throw his an-
After the wrestlers had
Of the four picces that passed off with last DEMS ata gegered intoan adjoining room, the heroreturned
dragging a dummy dressed like the other, and
out it went tothe accompaniment of rattling glass. |
This play's Woman of wiles would have been con-
ventional, but for the interpreter
more's presentation of a conscienceless Woman
by practical authors, they contained nothing has rarely been exqualled. It was well that the
playwrights brought her from affluence to a dire-
ful end, else the character would have taught
a left-handed morel, ao carelessly happy Was she
The comic lovers were a French
From the

was deadly
who stood unharmed

tagonist throught it

in her deviltry
man servantand @ pert pari:emaid
first he was wooing, she rebuMng, butin the third
act they were wed, he a prosperous publican, and
she in charge of the lodging house that adjoined |
Another comic character Was a Llebrew
With an oft repeated catch line.
in passing from showy clothes and a# silk hat to
street peddling with his wares carried before him
He was saver of the hero from the
direst straits, and hehad the audience's good will
barred from extraordinary conduct, they could | during his many comic mishaps. The duel with
pistols made possible an unusual policeman.
But they | phat ie, by killing off @ Russian nobleman, it
Great dramas Ar DOt | released fora second characterasa London “bobby’’
an actor who was amore capable player than is
ordinarily seen in auch @ minor place, He was
| both comte and lovable
| are not accustomed to seeing a police officer con-
| fronta loafer, read hima lecture of sound morals,
| and then confess to a desire to trounce him, but
| they cheerad the “bobby” who did these things.

ing when I was a boy

 

t mal
Before | was more than half growed up 1] made up
mind that Uf there was any way of giuin’ nd
f folks and liv
sible | was gollg@ to manage it a8 Soon as I got
About that

 

 

igh to have my
time I came into the old place which I sold and
put the meney
' much of an income, but you can't spend a big
me if you stick to stayin’ alone, 80 it gives me
| Sponge

he warts 4 lonely life’
1 was going to explain to you
to setup for a hermit I read all I could find about
the places they picked out to live in, and I came
to the conclusion that they showed mighty poor |

A good many of them seemed to take |
but I knew that wouldn't never do for
me because there's rheumatiz in the family on
‘Then there were desert hermits, but
spised and derided by the heroine, save her from |] didn't see the use of going ‘way to Africa to sit

under a palm tree ino an oasis and live
| Tbourht.a bag of dates at wholesale from a dago,
and tried that diet for a week
mind that wherever] wens [ was going to be where
hearty sentiment and | Lcould get ham and eggs for breakfast
: Lwrote te several of the papers and asked them
to tel] me the best plan for a man to follow if be
One of them answered that
are long a@nough to acouire
Idien't
Another

wanted to be alone
I'd better stay in Ct
a residence, and the
un lerstand just what the'editor meant
i that the business office of the other big paper
in that city was the lonesomest place in town, and
thatif | wanted to escape contact with my fellow
nies TE could get the job of business manager
on that paper

 

T tried to take it

' to shop

  

itine
ered if there wan'nt a plenie on every
T wrote him that he must bave mixed
me up with the Arkansas Indy who asked him
“st Way of getting Into society

wn Lthoughtout several likely plans myself
T went way out West and bought a little ranch
thirty miles from the nearest r
eighty from the r

myself in my life

 

 

dowatown in New

did pretty well for awhil»

that Lalways keota good fire, when ther would

“On see

for human soeletyv

safe for all time

for supplier

mornings

contract with Hi

[ shall have tos

France tear reat

at Lampau

 

  

 

it returned to place it)

; tth
ue could take hislastcrumb y of he gr

eat iuerease of the Untish Navy,

   
 

WORK 10 BE A HERMIT,

Since then I've been opposed ti

runogin' away unless you're dead certain of wh.
leuninto

“This world wouldn't be se bad if you could have
irself, it's folks and their queer, mean

e it such a hard place to live in

1 as far away from them as pos
own way

into Guv'ment bonds

 

rove te New York

 

 

The gallery derided

A duel whose out-

A

Dorothy Roas-

He Was unusual,

The boys at the Star

! The Chief Difficulty Is to Find a Place
Where One Can Be Alone,

"No, L ain't goin’ to give out an interview; it
wouldn't be the night thing for a hermit to do, but
as long asi mistook you for Hi Hawking with the
milk and came out here to meet you, | guessI'll
have lo answera lew of your questions

“LT never have liked this world over well, but
whenever I've thought about gettin’ out of it on
my own account [ remembered one spring morn-
Pop wanted me to turn

grindstone at the barn for about ten minutes, and
T didn’t ike the job, and ran away to the house,
‘ where mother caught me and made me churn all

It ain't

“You say that this place here where the trolley
cars (ross is A queer place for A man to choose if
Weil, that was just what
When I got ready

n dates,

I made up my

Was sure that man was maki! ¢

of the advice T got seemed serious and
/ One man told me to buy a little
island in the St. Lawrence River, but when IT went
for islands in February they didn't look

and when IT went back next July

 

1) the post offlee ir

York

 
 

me in during the dul

 

the tramps found on

wighbor and over
wi Well, the finns thing
shout that was that T never had so little time to
In that country people think
ig fifty of sitty miles to see von than
of roing dow
England village. [iy
go toa place where |
lug out lie nugerets
tand got back T tried taking a couple
rooms in the top story of an office building
Tt seemed asif people
uldn’'t bother tne there, but the janitor’s ehild
ren wot so frae and easy,
' would try to talk when Ie,
hours. sol gave itup before my lease was halfout
i opened a real estate office in a Jersey
resort Where the boom had flattened out

a New
1 want to be lonely don't
ple are so precions that
When I got me

and the elevator bow

1

That

t

lof their shows, give their facag a

I was afraid to throw ‘em out

ace jonesomer than if

they

bunch of hay and come in to inquire
f lots
sol had to give that up, too

"Then one morming T too's a trolley ride out
there's a big city at one end of
the line and tolerable big towns at the ends of
the two branches,so people are not exactly thirsting
Nothing grows here to eat,
so Tam not bothered with boys picking berriaa
yo utting.and the few real estate signs anmehow
seem to make the p
wasn't here

 

It looks as if the experiment had

rom the city

estate Man # signature

Hawkins

Run

 

FORTIFYING THE FRENCH COAST,

a Hostile Descent,

fortufications

"nt and the mainiand,

‘staff and som

  

   

§ torpedo gunboat and disembarked
Yoere he tospected the defences and
4 Nts, Ae well as the positions

tt to he bunlt

nade to git "em to come and bad failed so
shiv that a determined hermit might be
Then it's mighty convenient
I have a contract with Hi Haw-
the motorman on the first
to bring mea hemape per and som fresh meat
i he comes out Ure
starts back from the huckleberre end to leave
f milk and some fresh egies,
hides ‘em fn the bushes and puts the bill in on
T like the place so much
that L bought five acres of it last weel: but] would
not take it tll theagent assured me by letter that
the ground was sure never torise in value
saw in the next morning paper that he had been
taken home very ill that night and explained to
his doctor that it was from a strain tonul
an unusual business emergeney
the only man living with a statement like that
over a real
"Must you be goin?

morning trip,
and when he

He inst

ting from
I guess | am

This is the firet time I
have had to speak to anvbody aince | made my
r y three months ago,
and idon't want you to tell where my place is. or
loot some reporters before T get
a seneral understanding established that I am
ta hermit for fun alone
scar and have to walqifteen minutes
He'll stop

or you'll miss
Holler

Plan to Secure the Istand of Ushant Against

The French Government has for some time had
under consideration the possibility of a descent
upon the island of Ushant off the westcoast of
A recent visit of Gen, Jamontto
Ushant bad particular relation to the proposed
on that island and
‘so on Molene, @ emall island lying
Accom-
naval officers he went |

| sions. In

  
   

——_————

 

FIVE NEWLY IMPORTED PLAYS TO BB
PRODUCED IN) BROADWAY,

Daniel Frohman’s Company aud the Good- |

wines tin London Pisces—Grace George,
Olga Nethersole and Charles Frohman's
Comediana tn Transfers From the French,

Five newly imported playa are to be intros
duced in Broadway theatres thie woek,.
will represent American authorship to some
extent, however, as tho three derived from
French sources have passed thrag@h the hands

of native adapters in making the English ver-
the case of Alphonse Dandet's |

“Sapho,” Clydo Pitch has dramatized the novel,
and whether he has used Adolph Bélot's
earlier dramas remains to be seen, The twice
postponed appearance of Olga Nethersole as
the outcast heroine {s appointed for tomorrow
night at Wallack’s, and she ia said to have
suMctently recovered from her lilneas to ins
sure a performance.

At the Madison Square to-morrow night
Charles Frohman Will produce a translation of
a French farce by Albin Va'abreque and Mau-
rice Hennequin called “Coralie and Company,
Dressmakers.” Itis the latest of the Parts
Palais Royale successes, and is aalil to be quite
up, or rather down to, the moral standard set
by that home of wicked fuv. Mr. Frohman
has ossigned his prinetpal company of come-
dians to this piece, They include FE. M. Hol-
land, Fritz Williams, Maggie Holloway Fisher,
Ham Reed, May Lambert, Esther Tittell, Nelile
Butler, Anita Rothe and Etta Morris, The
farce {a built on familiar lines, devoting
the first act to the suspicions of a mother-in-
law. whoin this case happens to be an annt,
Instead of the second act finding all the char-
acters ata French ball, for ope reason or an-
other, they areata dresamaker's shop, This
{a a moeting place for lovers. An Innocent
husband, who goes there because he doubts his
wife, is hidden behind a secret pane!, where
he nearly suffovcates neara hot chimney, and
finally is discovered witha frisky girl, What ts
said to be the funniest scene is wherathe police
come to ral! the eatablishment. The place is
prepared for auch contingencies, but cutoff the
aplrit of deviltry some one gives a false alarm
two or three times, just to eee the scrambling
foreonceniment,  Therefora, when the police
do come no one regards the signal and all are
arrested. Since most playa havea purposes now-
adays, the one of “Conalle and Company” may
be to Illustrate the fable of the boy who ealled
“Wolf!” so many times that when the beast
really came no defenca was made and all the
sheep were eaten up, Itis pleasant to believe
that there is goodin everything.

On the same nightaplay of a diferent sort
will be seen for the first time in New York at
Daly's. It {9 “The Ambassador.” by Mra

 

| Cragie, whose pen name is John Oliver Hobbs.

| play's end ia reached

Satirieal humor and a simple love story are
blended in it. The first is supplied by British
per aoof modish soelaty, who are rather
bored with the world anJ indulge their epite
by saying sareastiothings Tha love story con-
cerna a middle-aged Engiisiman anda voung
girl, Sheis engaged unsatisfactorily and his
affections are bestowed elsewhere, It
to force an agreaableend to the trouble. The
comedy will ba played by Danfel Frojman's
aiock company, Fdward J, Morgan returns to
the fold to fil! his place as Jending man. flilda
and John Mason stopped acting © se-
where last night in order to assume prominent
*haracters here. Rhoda Cameron, who was in
Mr. Frohman’s emp!oy several years ago, will
return toit, Others in the cast ara Mr. and
Mrs, Walcott, Elizabeth Tyree, Mary Manner-
ing and William F. Courtney

Nat C, Goodwin and Maxine Elliot will use
“When We Were Twenty-One" at the Knick-
erbocker to-morrow olght. It has not vet been
performed anywhere. Itis a comedy by H. V,
Famond, with leading parts made to fit Mr,
Goodwin and Mias Filiot. Three middle-aged
men are comrades and the protectors of a
fellow of 21 who geta into various eerapes, but
s puiled through all right by the time the
Of course, there 14 a love
affair for Mr. Goodwin and Miss Elliot and it
comeatonthappy econelusion about the same
time, These two actors will appeir
prominently, Other important parta wil! he

undertaken by Ysobe! Haskins, Henry Wood- |

Lea Finney, Gertrude Gheen,
Frank Gilmore, Thomas

e Handyalde,

ruff, Jameson
Fste Mortimer,
Oberle and Claret

 

On Tuesday night a drama adapted by Harrg |

St. Maur from the Prenech
New York producti

Will receive ite first
n. by acompany headed by

Grace George. It ia called “The Conntess
Chiffon.’ and shows an American girl who hos
married a French count. He neglects her,
though not her wealth. She fails in
love with @ young artist. nearer her
own age. When tha husband Jearns of
this he realizes his own affection for

his wife, and finally by his kindness wins bacs
her love, Miss George will act the part of the
American countess and William Hareourt will
be the count. John Blair has been selected to
impersonate the artist. Others in the company
will be Bijou Fernandez, Honrietta Osbourne
J,G, Saville, Eva Salisbury, Walter C)ifford,
Frank Hatch, Vivia Ogden and Ruth Copley
The play gives opportunities for handsome
scenery and dressing, which have been taken
advantage of, William A. Brady hasrehearse |
his players, and is have given the
drama the help of an excellent production

After more performances of “The
Life’ at the Irving Place, asequel to “At the
White Horse Tavern” will be shown for the
firet time on Tuesdaynight. tis trthe aame
authors, Blumenthal and Kadelburg, and is
called “When I Returned Wo see the same
ecene, the front ofthe Tyrolean inn near the
lake, and meet again the same people, The
young Berlln girl and the lawyer, who were

 

said to

 

 

Game of

lovers Jast year, are now warried ihe
bride's comical father hos hecome a male
revision of the mother-in-law of the
farce, The merry hostess, her head-waiter
husband, the kindiy olf professor, his
Hsping danuebter and the bal inerded though
youthtul felow are all introduced again The

 

 

playere who were in “At the White Horse
‘Tavern’ here will have the same parts in the |
sequel, Max Honseler, Julius Strobl, Ada
Merito, Vranz Kierschner, Anna Leonard:

 
  

Gustav von Seyflert:tz aad Anon Breen are the
conspicuous members of Conried’s company

) Who willappear

'

It rppears to be !

that the existing battenes are ine
b ibot heavily armed forts of more |
fon more judictously situated and

 

 
 

ber would be extremely vaiu-

tthe ted that the island of

wt Ie SOF0s An outtsy K cefe: ee,
. aning

  

 

meing enemys

and whe vl
{ Marine }

tone

 

  
  
 

 

hei th by

  
   

f

L

Sivergonawith many quick

sisinnd has been
Lockroy

© proceeded
‘ustled himself
iv called for

' : his suc
imi tary Authorities and as
t § the responsible ¢ a as
{ the Superior ¢ ; pee ot Yee

. neil of War, it is
iat his recommendations will receive

fact >
efte The F sh service papers
‘8? PrPPATALIONS are in cy Nsequence

| this case ia gond

Of the plays that remain some are for tears,
some for laughter, and some
euuse both,
twocharmingly. Maude Adama wiil remainat
the Criterion with ftonly three weeks longer

. \
Next year when she comes to this theatre she

willactina sew play by J, M. barrie and in
"Aa You Like It,”

May Irwin will stay a fortnight longer at the
Bijou. She wil!, of surse, uae
“Sister Mary’ until the endof herengagement.
The next play here will bea musical farce by
M. J. Boyle, with verses by Clara M. Greene
avd music ty A. B It is entitled
“Aunt Hannah.”

“'Way Down East" will reach ita one_hun-
dredth performance at th
to-morre ght. That wil te the three hun-
Credth representation of the rural playin Now
York lo celebrate the night sold allver
souvenira are promised. It haa heen settied to
keeptie piece at the Academy not warn
Weather makes theatregoing dsagre able

‘Ben Hor" {4 another piay that will stay in
New York along time. It is uncer considera.
tion to commence the Broadway Thoatre’s
next season with a resumption of ths drama

Continue to

Sloane,

   

Pians are being made to prasent this stage
version of Gen, Waliaoe's story in London next
auramer. Charles Frohman will be the pro-

ducerthere, but the scenery and accessories
Will be copies of those raed here

“The Bella of New York will be continued
only another week at the Casino, It will be
followed by “Princess Chic

There fs no news from the Garriek, which In
hews, a@ if meana that tr
“Sherioc’ Holmee’ Mr. i Jette eontit ues 43
draw about as many peop'> to that theatre as

  

Mrs, Carter did jaat season and Manite
Adama the vear before, Theourrent pinay is
going to London next samne The British

metropolis is now @etting what New York
does, A rehash of the other's theatrieals of the

   

   

 

     

preceting year

Usually London's verdict on a pli
good here, hut somet 4a {t
“Brother Offlcers” which waa not greatly
liked there js exce@d naly suoceessful at the
Empire, Aside trom the merits ofthe play we

getan opportunity fo see rarely wa
actin
and Margaret Anglin,

‘ira Langtry wil remainatthe Garden an-
other fortnight, She is now devoting herself
notonly to her part in “The Degenerates,” but

aiso to a recitation of “Lhe Absent-Minded

-fhought

HE SUN,
(THIS WEEK ON OUR STAGE,

They |

ia ensay |

are meant to |
"The Littl Minister” blends the

Aendemy of Musle |

by Wiliam Faversham, Fdwin Stevens |

     

SUNDAY, FEBRUAF

exgor.” After she goes away ™ earts Are
ratory will come to the ede tisa
andtCharles Frohman

Drury Lane melodrama
will put into it the usual fine Cost that me gives
to pleces of this sort, Amelia Bingham,
Busley and FE. M. Holland are some of t
players already engaged. sé ‘
Anna Helt and her companions in “Papa's
Wife” continue to be merry at the Manhattan,
| Now thatitiaknown that Charles A. Bigelow
| isto be astarin two years, some people will
srobably discover heretofore unobserved mertt
‘in him. They had better look for the same
| things in Cvril Scott, as he may be among the
luminous ones before lon,

  

 

|, David Warfleld is another who may be a atar
i} in a few years, He could not be funnier,
though, than he is now

’ in sey title Bit, at
Weberand Fields’, That burlesque anc are
bara Videety’ are still the entertainment at
the Broadway Music Hall, It is weleoome news
to the regular visitors that all the present
company has been engaged for next season,

Fay Templeton may return,

Things are now in good shape at the Now
York, What waa superfluous and unamusing
in “Broadway to Tokio" has been cut out. The
artistically dressed and well-organized ballets
are danced more s:noothly now than at first,
‘The last seene of the extravaganga, with its
stage ful! of dancers, fs a beautiful sight.

The partly new last act and other changes in
“Naughty Anthony,” which were shown last
week, briag the laughs of the audience closer
together, makiog them almost contiouvus,
When "The Wife” was produced atthe Lyceum
twelve years ago Mr. Kelasecoand Mr. De Mille
rewrote it to Che extect of making the flrat and
second acts one, and thus aiding in the play's
succes. Mr. Belasco has done almost as much
for the stockings faree.

Chauncey Oleott is as popularas ever with
Fourteenth Street Theatre audiences. He has
new songs this year, though he continuer to
sing the best of hisold ones, In “A Romance
of Athlone’ he can show his abilitv as a
swordeman as well asa singer. Mr. Olcote will
remainatthe Fourteenth Street only @ short
time ths season before giving place to Tim

Murphy in “The Carpet Bagaer.
Changes for the better have been made tn
“Chris and The Wonderful Lamp.” usa has

written anew march for it, and Jerome Sykes
is adding tothe humor of his part. Edna Wal-
lace-Hopper ia back again in the cast, which
completes this week's news from the Victoria.

The otaerver is immediately struck by the
modish style of the audiences at “The Sur-
prises of Loves.” The Lyceum always was a
theutre for fashionable people, but this play
seams to have drawn out an exceptional
number. For those who attend besides the
theatre's nsual following, Elale de Wolfe and
the Karl of Yarmouth are probably toa great
extent responsibie.

Thera wil! be noteworthy changes of bill to-
morrow night. “'Round New York in Elghty
| Minutes” willcome back to Koster and Bial's,
| Now travesties, muste and danessa have been
| added. A skiton Olga Nethersolein “Sapho" ia
i one of the new things. Lafayette and Pou-
! gere will appearin the cast for the first time,
Fougere will mimic Fay Temp eton’s imitation
of Fougere, Others in the company are Alex.
ander Clarke, Etta Butler, the Angelus Sisters,
Amy Ashmore, Pobby Gaylor, Jess Dandy,
David Torrence and Ulric Collins,

The weekly shift at the Harlem Opera House
will bring Vrank Daniels in “The Ameer,”
This wi!! be the last chance to see Mr. Daniels
in New York in two years. Ho has arranged a
tour to last that long without visiting the
nietropolis. The new comie opera suits him
well, giving him almost continuous opportuni.
ties to be funny io his familiar way. The music
is light and quite as tuneful as anything Victor
Herbert has composed for some time,

“The Lost Paradise” will be revived by the
Donnelly Stock Company atthe Murray Hill,
| This is one of the plays that was acted by
Charles Frohman’s organization at Proetor's
the season before the Empire was opened. It

was adapted irom the German of Ludwig
| Fulda by Henry C. de Mille, All the aetors at

the Murray Hill will be required for the very
lon. cast,

The Lirates of Penzance” isthe opera that
| the Castle Square Company will sing and act
inthe next eight berformances a the Ameri-
ean, Gilbert and Sullivan's pieces are always
welcome, and this one, if hardly up to, the
standard that they set for themselves in “The
Mikado.” bas the meritof being far less worn
by repeated use. Comparatively itis a novelty,
The favorites amoug the lighter singers of
Mr. Savage's foree will be amployed,

Louts Mann and Cara Lipman will eome to
the Grand Opera House for @ week's stay,
They will use “The Girl inthe Barracks,” the
Parisian farea which they produced at the
Garrick eariler this seseon. Theireompany is
the sume as then, with the comical Joseph
Coyne prominently placed asthe poor composer
| witharicn buteccentric wife, —
| There are oo half-way heroics in the melo-

dramathat comes tothe Star, It ie “A Lion's

Heart. a wel\-tried thriller by Carl A. Has-

win, who acts in it, oa

One of the stirring war dramas, “Chatta-

nooga,’ willspend a week ina military way at

the Third Avenue,

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

To-morrow's new arrangements of vaudo-
ville will contain nota little new matter, A
new continnous show contributor for Prootor's
Theatre will be Eddie Girard, long of the Don.
nelly and ¢ilrard partnership. He will be
palred with Jessie Gardner ina farcical sketch
d'The Soubrette and the Cop.” Lillian
Nurkhart will offer here anew short play, “A
n‘Change.” The restof the bill will bein
way, and will engage the
Whitnegs, the Hawaliana, Dixon and Bowers,
the Onris, Gorton Fldrid, the Fieldses, the
Durrows and ‘hrap, Tast week's
alists complete their stay here to-day.
be heard here this afternoon
are Chores Rossow, Montgomery
and Scone, Danaand Marie Laurens

Dighy Bell will make his first continuous
show effort at Proctor’s Palace to-morrow. A
monologue for which originality and wit are
promised will be his offertng. Another con.
spicuousiy paced inning will engage Willard
Simms and Jenpie Graham ina comie burietta,
Among the specialty folk will be the Silvers,
who are dealers in illustrated songs; Mardo, a
ec jugsler; the Klelsts, who deal in magic
and mystery; Mabel Taylor King, @ contralto;
the Bateses, and Frank and Don, A new lot of
views Will be provided in motion pietures, The
oncert for this afternoon and evening will ene
gage the Cohans, John E. Camp, Yorke and
\dame, Ethe! Levy and the Whitneys,
AtHetth’s Edwin Milton Royal and Selina Fetter
wil! play the former’s new comedietta, "Trip's
Troubles’ Dolile Mestayer will be to the fore
ina brief faree, and the rest will be in the vari-
ety way. Liste las specia ists are Press Bld.
ridge, Delnore and Lee, Hines and Remington,
avesand Hazel, Raymon Moore, Alburtus,
y and Miller, Paxton and Jerome, the
erieks, the Franklins and Howard and
Thurston, An attractive showing of motion
photographs is made here,

Tony Pastor is again to be top-sawyer at his
own theatre, A majority of his companions
are paired in theirefforts on the stage. Thus
will appear Leroy and Clayton, Sharp and Flatt,
the Hugheses. Conway and Staats, the Heatlea,
| Weston and Hale, Murphy and Willard, and

entit

Deal
the variety show

Wade ¢

    

ysato

i

  

 

  

 
  
  

 

 

 

| Forrester aud Floyd. | Nellie Burt, Marie Row.
pers, Jugau Rose and Samuel Stegel will be
sone of the others

hors are to be placed on view at the Eden
Maus otoe fly wax igures of tiens, Joubert and
Cron ithe Boer Army, The affairs in which
ti hoen are engaged are the suljeets of
Bome oof the motion pletures ahown here,

| Btatuen of some of thelropponents are s00n to

ve atded to this collection, To-day's band con.
certs will be two

) Von aod NoUrig@and Mansfeld and Wilbur
fie the seetchpals who will head the bil at
Miners in Tloth street. some or the others
retained are Leo Dervalto, Fisher and Clark,
toe Esmevaidas, La Fiesta, Keesler and Kar.
rick, Mitchel ond Cala and Pred Niblo. Motion

pictures are a continued feature here

The incoming buriesquers at the Dewey will
| present musical farces entitled “Wanted a
Shirt’ and “stranded In Luek.” The olio will
ensage Phyllis Buffel, Whitelaw and Stewart,
Jor acd Grant, Lawrence Crane, Bianche
N mbe. Joba B. Cain and the Polos,

A Hot Time With Shakespeare’ and "The
Sporty Duchess” are to-morrow 's burlettas at
| the Comiqua, Listed as variety folk are Fa.
| Wina, who styles herself “the dancing coed.
} tails’ Kryant and Seville, Ford and West, John

FE, Drew, Marion Dunn ant Charles Robinson,

 

 

 

 

Great Fishing in Alaska,
From tye Morning Oregonian,

Fred Cox, who is visiting his parents on the
Fast Side, has been on Gravina Island, Alaska,
for overt A year
; “The tishing there.” he says, “is not excelled
anywhere in the world, JT sill hold that the red

  
  
       

   

   

   

    
  

salmon are differ mest of the other species
Vhey are red, m female, cll the time, and
are ublike the » or any of the other kind
in) those waters lhe Indians ll them the ‘hoo
H I think the salmon are Intinet species

themsclves fishing in the little creeks is im
ware s times the run up th streams
4» thi hat they ovtually dam up the water
1 hay ben the banks ‘fa little stream, and
pitety em out Wath A poe with @ Look on the
end until | got tired And they are sweet and
tine, Lhave stoatoon the wharf and watched

them in the water when they were in schools by
the thousands. The sss would look like a
| great black cloud a@ they moved about in the
| water. When they make a dash upthe litle
| streams they fll them so that the streams
| look like a Hving mass of nirming fish
ant if their backa were pot @o “gic, 1 eould
\ walk across on them.”

 

| thet

a

 

  
   
  
 

» 190¢

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,

 

If Mile. Milka Ternina continues in good
health, it is only fair to expect that the succeed-
ing Wagnerian performances at the Metropoll-
tan will gain greatly in brilliancy through her
co-operation. It has been some time since any
Wagnerian singer here has triumphed os Mile
Ternina did in “Tannhauser” and there was no
reason for diminished delight after her Brunn-
Atlde’ was revealed on Wednesday last. In all
its salient features, her art was identical. There
were the same eloquenos, intelligence and imagi-
nation {in her acting. She gives more signifi-
Cance to the conventional Wagnerian gestures
than any woman aince Lilli lehmann. When
Mme. Lehmann was waked from her long
aleep in “Slagfried” and lifted her hands to greet
the gun, thers was an immense meaning in every
gesture. The heart of the awakened Valkyrie
maiden was laid bare in the attitude of rapture
and delight with which she raised her arms to
Greet the light. In the treatment her successors
give to this scene, one gets only the idea of an
uninspired imitation that shows the accustomed
gesture, but no trace of its meaning. Mille. Ter-
nina found as much in every detail of the role
of Eiizabeth, and her meeting with Tannhauser
in the second act, the betrayal of her joy at greet
ing him again and the sudden embarrassment at
the thought that she has shown this feeling,
were charming episodes in the earlier scenes
of the opera. It was a delight to see once more
an Fiizabeth who welcomed the guests with en-
thusiasm and one who had an expression of va-
ried interest for every new arrival, instead of
allowing them to pass indifferently before her.
It was unfortunate that the arrangement of the
throne, which is a relic of the time that Mme
Melba sang Elizabeth, hid Mile. ‘Ternina's face
from the audience during most of the second
act, but this defect will doubtless be remedied
before “Tannhauser” is sung again. In all proba-
bility it will be seen frequently, so long as there
ig such an Elizaheth as Mile. Terntaa in the com-
pany. Combined with all this impressive dra-
mauc ability is her beautiful voice, which is man-
aged with a skill that makes her vocalism a de
light in itself. German singers with such @
method of voice production as Mile. Ternina
possesses are rare today. In “Die Wabkuere”
on Wednesday night, an unfamiliar Brunnhilde
Was presented by the soung soprano Her voice
as Well as her manner of singing madeit improha-
ble that she would prove to be one of the shriek-
Ing, strenuous Amazons who have been seen
in’ the part so frequently that this coneep-
tion of the role has come to be looked upon as
the correct one. Tt was the tender and human
side of the Valkyrie maiden that she emphasized,
and she was the loving daughter and sister
yen a barbaric Venthisiead Her scene

rie
Ascussion between the two, gave a fair example
of Mile Ternina’s ability to fluminate seenes
generally unnoticed with suggestive and artistic
action, which seems so suited to the situa
tion that one is surprised it has never been
thoueht of before, Mile ‘Ternina is not @ beauty
on the stave, but her face is handsome in rather
a herole rnold and she is a figure of dignity and
grace always. In every detail of her acting,
thera ts never found any straining after effect,
merely for the sake of doing something uncom-
mon or startling. Like her singing, it is inspired
only by the loftiest union of art, intelligence and
deep feeling

  

with

 

Albert Alvarez leaves this country shortly aiter
his performance of Raovl on Wednesday nicht
M. Alvarez has shown himself the possessor of a
voice Which is one of the greatest in its natural
merits to be heard on the operatic stage to-day,
withabundant drama
tiful lack of musicianship and taste in hissinging
Some ofhis performances improved with repetition
At one Saturday evening representation he sang
Ttomeo in @ fashion be never approached at any
other time during hia stay here and showed that
purity of intonation and less tempestuous robust-
ness of method were sometimes possible in
him. M. Alvarez ought to be one of the great
tenors of his day, and it is already acknowledged
in some places that he is entitled to this distinction
Tt is characteristic of New York audiences to care
forrefinementiaste and artin singing, rather than
for mere natural beauty of voice

imstances is falsa intonation
It will be interesting to observe whether or not
M = Alvarez returns next year to rountry

Mr. Grau contemplates @ trip to Mexico, and no
doubt. M. Alvarez Would please as much there
4s he has in some of the smaller American cities
‘Top notes are popular down there, aad pounding
on the stage with his feet would probably be re
warded as no serious objection toa tenor'sdramatic
method. If Mo Alvarez returns to this country
nextseason, it Will nol beas the successor to Jean
de Reszke, That idea is enough to evoke asmile
ile may return, and in strongly dramatic roles
of the Lialian repertoire he will always be esteemed
4 Valuable arust but he will never be seriously
discussed again as M_ de Raszke's successor
His departure leaves the Work of the company

tie temperament and a plen

Under no cir

to be tolerated

this

 

 

 

 

on the shoulders of MM. Saleza and Van Dyck
Fortunately the former is recovering his health
rapidly and sang Fowstin Philadelphia on Thurs
da) With wreatsuceess, He will be heard later in
\ iber of the French roles be has nothad an

riunity to sing this year, such as Romeo

1 Fao M. Van Dyek's indisposition is only

 

   

 

  

rary, and he v ba ready for “Trisian und
Isold so Soon a8 orchestra ean find time
forsufficient rehearsal, M. Inppel, with} ree
md valuable repertoire, is alway at hand, se
the opera season will probably come toa succese
ful te ination, in spite of Jean de

  
 

He willappear next season:
and Will make no attempt t
urof Mexicoand the West ‘ThaN
season Will in all probability be postp

sen

York

yned until

  

   

as she leaves Wotan after the acrimonious |

fake part in |

w York |

the beginning of 1001, as an expe organiza
tion like the Maurice Grau Opera Company is not |
to be allowed to collide with the public interest |

inthe Presidential elections. Butasvetnodefinite
plans of any kind have been made fornext season

Seven weeks of the season at the Metropolitan

have already passed but there has not been so |

far a wingle rehearsal of “Il Flauto Magico,” “Dia
Lustigen Weiber von Windsor” or “Herodiade.”
It is not improbable that the season will pass
with only Nikolai’s opera an actuality among
the promised revivals, AS matters exist at the
Metropolitan to-day thereis no time for rehearsals
and without rehearsals only the most familiar
works can be sung During the coming week
there will be six operatic performances in New
York, two in Philadelphia and one in Brook!yn,
With only one orchestra and one chorus there ja
very little time left for preparing unfamiliar
operas, The scenery for “Il Fiauto Magico”
was begun last August. but it will be no surprise
if the opera is Not sung this winter

Dr. Loewe, manager of the opera house at Bres-
lau, has for some time been anxious to have con-
trol of some musical enterprise in this country
He is largely interested in the attempt to give

& season of opera in English at the Metropolitan
next fall. This seheme does not seem to have
inspired American s.ogers with a desire to remain
here and dedicate their services to thisorganio4
tion, Josephine Jacoby, the contralto, is going
to Paris in the ayuiumn to continue there
studies under Victor Capoul which she began
here before he took up his possuon at the Pans
opera
returning to this country

Henn Marteau !s to return here in March and

 

her

 

wil! play first with the Philharmonie Society
He is to perform a concerts by Sinding which
has not been given in this country before, He

was very successful during his recent tour in
Germany.

Published accounts of the conduct of
audience at the Hambourg recital on Thursday
afternoon were grossly exaggerated. As a mat
ter of fact the audience was small and seemed
to be one of the gatherings usually attracted
to pianists’ concerts by the chance of hearing
something without having to pay for it, M
Hambourg {s not in any wayanemotiona! artist
and the abilities he has will not be appreciated
any more through such methods of attrecting
attention to him

the

The deficiency in his poot

 

 

 

spirit has been commented on and someboly
told him the other day that he ought to fall in love
to giva his playing the qualities it nowlacks
‘L don't think that would have any effect on my
plasing,” he said, “as IT have already been des
perately in love three times and every affoir has
turned out very distressingly for me if t

al

were going ty have any effect on my arti! vy |
have been felt already.” As Hambourg is now
only a little more than twenty years old. he has
seemingly used his time to good advantage
Vietor Harris last week directed! an orchestra
of thirty musicians in a concert ata private resi
dence and proved his ability as a_eonductor in
very vaned kinds of music Tschaikowski,
Brahms, Gillet and Strauss were among the }
posers represented ont programme and every
work was well perfor: under Mr. Harris's
sympathetic and spirited Paton
Anton Van Rooy is not the +

 

 

 

  

Hans Sachs

  

in the company at the Metropal uee
this year, althoush no other can sing the role in
German But Sig. Seothi was the creator of the

role in Italian last year ot ala

tation, the aerand
act of Pueeini’s factory
than any of the others ight that thie
act, into which Sig Tlica has put the murder and
torture scenes, would havea tremendous effect with
the audience, but the brutality of such condenced
horrors was too much for the audience. Hercla
Darclee sang the title role, while Mario and
Scarpia were allotted to MM de Marchi and Giral
doni. Sig. Scotti was to have created the latter
role, but inetead accepted Mr. Gran's invitation

general exy
la Tosca” was ik sat
Tt was the

Contrary to

t

\

 
  

* Hyomei,”

Tar RT Boruc:
Dear Sire-l wan

cians | could powsabiy get.

 

1 had chills aod fe

every night for twelve weeks,

 

anetched from tho grave.
miracle.

complete, $1.00.

as a success, in spite of the disappointment caused

rather | by thefailureof the second act to come up to ex-

pectauions

Jan Blocks, the Flemish composer, who Was to
have been introduced to London at Covent Garden
last season, bas just finished an opera based on
the legend of ‘Dill Eulenspiegel as it appears in @
Flemish version. Henri Cain has prepared the
libretto, ‘The work is to be given firstin Hrussels.
Joseph Dupont, the Belyian musician, who died
in Brussels a few weeks ago, left behind him a@
Hlemish opera which is already finished and ready

for producnon) M. Dupont did much to rive
Brussels its present importance as a musical
centre, He was conductor at the ‘lheatre de la

Monnaie until a few years before his death,
George Henschel's “Nubia” seems to have
made no more than a medioere success when it was
sung by the best forces of the Dresden Opera
House under Schuch’s direction. MM. Scheice
mantel, rron and Anthes and Frau Witteh
were in the east. ‘The text of the work, which
is in three acts, is n from a novel by Richard
Voss Vhe action passes in the Sabine
Mountains and tells the tragic love story of 4
village beauty and a German painter Mr
Henschel's music is sald te be lyric in general
} erandto show the influence of Wagner
d Corpelius The choruses were thought

  
 

 

 

  
 
 

the est ports of the score, which was as a whole
made of pleasing
and !

details that lacked

strength

 

lity

Von Milde, who died in Welmar the
ay had been called to the place of bari
tone in the theatre there through the influence

rigin

 

  

f Franz Liszt. While a member of the com
pany he created Wolfram ip “'Tannhauser” in
1445 and Telramund in “Lohengrin” in 1880

i was 70 at the time of his death, “Don Juan
Austria” is the title of a new opera by Kasimir

oO

Del Jawin soon to be sung in St. Petersburir
Massenet's “Cendrilon” has reached its fftieth
performance in Paris. Mlle. Hatto, one of the

successful pupils of the Conservatoire, recently
made her debut at the opera as Brunnhrde.

WITH NO BILLBOARDS,

 

A TOWN

 

Days When All Shows Had Street Tarnonts
to Draw the Crowd.

“Did you ever live in # town where there were
no billboards” asked a man who was looking
ata gang of billposters in their work

“I did a good many years ago,” he continued,
“and we had some prpity good shows cecasionally,
too. In fact the way in which the shows ad-
vertise | themselves intensified the desire to see
them. T am not talking about circuses or min-
strels) They always do the street parade act.
1 mean theatrical companies. I don't suppose you
ever saw 9 theatrical company turn out to parade?
1 have seen it, in my old town in the days
when there were no billbeards in that country

*T remember when ‘Mazeppa’ was to be given
in the town hall There was but one entrance
to the hall, and above it was a lodge room I
don't suppose you could gull the people with any
play of ‘Mazeppa’ that didn’t have the wild horse,
or some other kind of horse of Tartary any more
than you could fool them with a ‘Hamlet’ without
the Prince. This ‘Mazeppa’ company that came
to my town had the wild horse. It was necessary
to convince the people of that fact. The only
brass band in the town was hired and put into
a big wagon which was bauled through the streets,
the band plaving what few numbers it had, and
the wild horse haltered to the tail-end of the band
wagon, In a few onehorse buggies were the
members of the company. The young woman
who was to play the titl role-—you know they
always have a woman for Mazeppa--rode in the
first buggy with the manawer Of course a crowd

followed the parade. It does that intown or city
just the same. The horse was taken up in the
hall before the play be n, and he remained until
after the show, wh ‘ Was brought out as he
had gone in, on planks laid over the steps. He
had a sort of stall during the play, made up with
a heap of sawdust so that his stamping would
not anney an audience

“The first naught of the show, after the perform-
ance, and after the wild) horse had been brought
out, the men whe had that work forgot to remove
the planks from the stairway leading to the street

 

    

| ‘The lodge above had a session that night, and after

Mrs. Jacoby will sing in Europe before ,

the convocation the members stepped on the planks,
Which Were quite smooth, aud before they realized
what was up they found themselves on the side-
walk without the effort of walking There was
some talk of suing the company but 4& few com-
plimentaries fixed that

"But it was not only the show with the horae
Wat paraded
Lyons’ was played there, theeompany turned out
insleighs, and the brass band wasin a big wagon-
bed mounted on bebs. That was the first time

 

English music was ever plaved be that
band in my town The management of
hee mpeny brought it out It was
the old faniliar ‘Cheer, Boga, Cheer.’ hy
The Lady of Lyons’ company of which J \
speaking was some home talent. One was a

  

young painter of the town who was a very good

all-around mat He played First Grave Digver

in'Hamlet,’ and once when an’ Uncle Tom's Cabin’

company came to town and showed in a tent,
'

 

and thee Uonele Tom coulde't appear, our home

| talent, the young sign painter, took the part
‘The young woman whe walked the rope
stretched from the roof of a two-story building to a
similar « Across the street was a wonder, She
Was the eolvertisement for a vanety show The

 

woman who made the ascension to the top of the
centre pole of a circus was a c IMMoN card in

    

   

those days, but one who walked across the
street on a wt over the ads of the pr pu
lace. was the fre famed artist

 

“There was one newspaper in the town, but fer
some reasen the shows didnot patronize it, Henea
they resorted to outdoor parad trow theerowd
and T never knew any compar leave the town

    

on foot net even the panorama of Kane's
Arctic Et pedition which stole the Newfoundland
dog ofthe Mavor of tha town and palmed him off
as Dr. Kane's

Great Fishing Near Hawaii,
From the Chieiao Rerord.
Noxorvriyv, Jan. 1.—Capt. John M. Sase of
the gasolene schooner Malolo bas just dis-
covered and charted hitherto unknown shoals
of considerable area to the southwest of the
islandof Molokal, The snoals are, in fact, a
submerged extension of that Te haa
found tiat thev extend for at

 

island

nt thirte miles

 
 

almost due southwest from

prieingly uniform w dth of at

I

These shoals give soundings

twoto thirtveeieht fath 4,

on allsides in soundings show

fathoms The shoals seom to We
Fubmerged piatean wii ha very eve

BRIT Aer ¢ relowith fine grav

fording e lent anchorage

waeieade while ear ling f

The water abovethe ys

fish of grent value , it an

kharks. Hooksand lines thrown

hotten mecintely bring up fliah, but at the
secong or third throw onty f<how heads comes
up. the sharks having snapped off the bodiag
ofthe soes as they are beng drawoa up from

 

the depths,

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION
of Real Estate News ia to be found in any
medium than that printed in Tae SUN each

 

icone — to this country The work is regarded | day.—Ado,

|
|
|
|
i

Catarrh and {
Consumption {

 

Death Rate Reduced During 1899.
UNITED STATES HEALTH REPORTS

Claim that this was Due to the Use of the new
Dry Air Germicide.

HYOMEI.

The United States Health Reports, published Jan-
vary Sth, say, that the great reduction in the death
rate from respiratory diseases during the past year
was entirely due to the use of the Dry Air Germicide,
by the people, and advise
afflicted with Gatarrh, Brouchitis and Consumption, to
use this new treatment, aod no other,

W. T. Mann Cured of Copsumption,

taken July Ist with @ severe attack of the

° rovnated in Consumption .
Grippe, Which term Leoeenee tee. a thin i

, ¢ pete the top.

lung was badly congested and my right one congested at
r i me up and said Lrnustdie wih cousumption,
t Rree Siulls gad fev Tied the very worst kind of uight sweats
I have haito change my clothin
as many as seven t.mes in one night.

ounds; [ now weigh 18
tee vein te Everybody thinks I am @ walking

Yours respectfully,

¥ tt Cc he, Colds and

Cater Moment exist where HY OME ; ; :

a iste or sent by mail. Hyomei outfit

oid by ge 0 Serial outfit, 25¢. neve days’ treat-
romei free; send 2c, stamp for postage.

ame ars THE R. T. BOOTH CO.,, Ithaca, N. Y.

U remember when ‘The Lady of |

   
  

      
    

  

    
       
   
        
       

ali who ure

 
       
   
    

  

1 had the best pb

    
 
      
     
     
    

Ivent for your Inhaler ene
[know I have been

    
     
    

W. T. MANX, Walton, N. Y.

   

OMEL ts used,

    
         
   

JILTED LOVER TOLD PAPA

AND FLAXEN-HAIRED AMELIA DIDN'T
HAVE A CHANCE 10 ELOPE,

 

 

 

She's Safe With the Gerry Society and Her
Two Admirers Are Locked Up—Tables
Turned on the Informer Who Had Keen
Turned Down for a Candy Store Greek,

Sylvestro Camerano was angry from hs
tousied biack hair to his patent-leather shoes,
Ha stood in front of his father’s house at 4059
Fast Twelfth street and shook his fist at Ames
lia and the Greek as they turned the corver into
First avenue,

“Td kill him,” he said, “I'd kill him—if tt

wasn't for the policeman.” And Sylvestro
stared at the big bluecoat or the corner,

Amelia is the daughter of Johu Ore,
a blacksmith of Oi} Ninth avenue, She

is about 16 years old and quite small. Her hair
hangs down her back in along yellow braid and
forthat or some other reason as sood Camerano
was guite sure that he loved her. She came
quite frequently to visit her aunt who lived in
First avenue right around the corner from
Sylvestro’s home, Her father marvelled much
at her affection for her aunt, but the aunt
thought it quite natural and asked that she
might come oftener.

There are more young men of leisure about
First avenue thon there are about Amelia's
home. Cameranowas one of the first of the
young men with whom she became acquainted,
He dreased with that splendor which is impos.
sinle toany one but a prosperons young Italian,
and he always had money fn his pockets. Ha
wae also on excellent terms with ali the candy
storekee;ers of the nelghborhood, who ara
convenient folk for young lovers to know,
They have back rooms where wooing may go
on undisturbed by the derision and curiosity
of the populace,

Camerano was making great progress in the
favor of the flaxen-hatre! Amelia until, ina
fatal moment, sho met Louis Man‘oa, the
Greek. Louis was not rich, but he worked in
a candy store. He had aa much candy at his
command as all the affluence of Syivestro
could buy. He was not clothed so beautifully,

 

but he was older than the Italian. Whon
Amelia was with him, as she told Syle
veatro oneday, eho fale qr up, Her
attachment for him, owever, was
hot @o strong but that she was glad

enough to meet Sylyastro, too, and viait the
eandy shops with tim when Louis was not
around, Louis laughe | at Syivestro, and Syle
vestro told himself over and over again thag
he would kill the Greek; but every time he
thought of doing it, and felt the handle of the
stiletto in his inside waistenat pocket, a poe
liceman like thisone appeared. Standing on tine
toes, straining his eves fora last glint of the
flaxen pigtail, however, there came to Syle
vestro the thought of revenge by stratagem
and stealth, He bolted down the avenue in
the direction In which thev had gone as har:
ae he could run. He caught them at Fourth
street,

“Come back,” he said to Amelia, taking her
by the arm and swinging her around. “Come
bac or [ will do something that will make you
sorry for !aughing at me,”

“No, you won't,” the girl answered, “You
area silly little boy, Louis is going to take me
to Boston to-morrow, and we are going to have
a candy store of ourown,’

“You go home,” saidthe Greek, “or you will
wok butt and your nice clothes will not look so
pretty.

Svivestro reached into hia bosom for the
stiletto, but, alas! the inevitable polleeman
was before him, and he spared the tile of the
hated rival onee more. He fell back and
dogged the fooisteps of Amelia and Louis to
the home of Manios. When the door closed
behind them he buttoned hia coat and started
at adog trot for the houseof John Ott, Ame'ta’s
father, He reached the Ott house after dark,
Amelia's father, honest man, had gone to —
weary with the day's toil, He was arouse
by the beating of fists and heels upon
hia door and shrieking Italian oaths, He
got up with deliberation and caution
and interviewed Sylvestro, Tha — Itahan
boy was not familiar with “Othello,” or he
might have told his storyin blank verse, Ha
told it in short, breathless phrases and with
little of the classie tn them, Father Ote donned
hia clothes and without superfluous inquiry as
to the Ita‘ian’s motives went withhim to the
Fifth street police station. There the father
told the story to a detective, who went with
them to Mar house The detective
smashed in the door and the othertwo tole

 

 

 

ya's

   

oved him. They found Ame!in and Maniog
packing up for their lite in Bo-ton,
‘Ce virleried and then she pouted, and then
in Ishe didn't esre what ber father did,

! ed her Louis and was going to love him
anyway. The erucl detective took Louis by
theeoliarand tol! the g to eome along, and
the procession worked its way back to the po-
lies station, There they aceused Manios of
trying tostealthe girl from her father when
she wns less than 16 years old. They asked
the gir! about it,

She said that Mantos wasa perfect gentioman

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

d would never try to persuade any sort

aingst her will, but as for Camerano be had
ften tried to persuade her to leave her fither,
iidhe was as bala man as roamed the streets
of New York. Then thay promptly arrested
Cametano He proclaimed with great emphasis
that next tine he would Kill Mantos. whethog
there was at eman @round or nor, The
poliecan Id him that there woud he no
next tim ecnuse both of then were | kely to

 

be sent te

On Frieay Mavi -
presentations from Car r
Mariato theeffect that her brother wna tha
hest hoythat ever lived and took time to
think the case over, Meanwhile Manios a d
Cameranoy are inthe eourt prison aud Ames
in care of the Gerry society,

prison forthe reat of their lyos
M ! heard ra

trate Mende :
tla afat,

rano’s |

 

 

 

As to Lots, Plots or Parma,

Readers of Tau Sew always know whon &
good thing is presented, Let them know whag
you have to offer by using its 4! :
columns, Ade,
oe esenene

 

 

 

>

on |
Am:

Ts an improvement over scours
ing soaps. It is made of finer
material. It will not scratch,

“scour off’’ and “wear out”

surfaces on which it is used.,
v

 

 

os

 

;