j
1

 

 

HIG BHAKK UP AMONG DETECTIVES
MERK AND IN BROOKLYN,

Bureaus to Be Consolidated, With McClusky
ne Hend Boss—Siaty-three ‘Detective
Officers’ Here Remanded to Patrol Duty, |

The Police Roard held @ special meeting
yesterday and passed resolutions reorganizing
the detective system of the eutire city. The
new system, which will go intoeffect on Mon-
day or Tuesday, consolidates the detective
forces Into one body to be called the Central
Office Burean of Detectives, Whose head-
quarters shall be in Mulberry street, Cnpt.
MeClusky bas been put In command of the new |
bureau, Thomas Kk, Hamphrey haa been aa-
sicned to command the branch bureau in|
Brooklyn, and Capt. Price, wno was chief of |
the Brooklyn bureau, has been transferred,
but will not be assigned untilthe new system
has gone Into effect. Eighty-five “detective
officers” have been remanded to patro! duty,
of whom asixty-threa are from Manhattan and

twenty-two from Brooklyn.
President York, {a commenting upon the new

ormanization, sald:

“We have had thls new system under von-
sideration for a long time and we think that it
{a goingto make thedetective force far more
united and effective than it has ever been be-
fore, ‘he Committee on Rules and Discipline
are now formulating rules for carrying out the
detailsof the system which will make it, £
think, almost a perfectone.” President York
admitted that the reorganization of the detec-
tive 8; stem had been, to a certain extent, sug-
gested and influenced by the suits which the
“detective officers” have brought demanding
that they be recognized as detective sergeants,
At the time of the consolidation, the number of
detective sergeants prescribed by the new
charter was jess than the number of men on
duty, and these men—the ones who have been
transferred to patro! duty~-have aince been
drawing $1,400 instead of the $2,000, which is
the pay of @ detective sergeant. The suite
which they have brought are now pending,

The followiug are the Manhattan detective

offivers remanded to patrol duty;

George L, Arfken. Edward J, Armstrong, Owen H,
zo au, Jolin Becker, Kichard Berkley, Themis

rad! , Thomes A. Butler, William J. Capper, Joba
Collins, James J. Crouin, William E, Daly, Willian
d. Deery, Danie: H, Driscoll, Charlies B, Farley Joba
Farley, Henry G. Firneisen. Charles A, Flay, Ellis
QC. Frazee, Kdward J, Gallagher, Patrick F,
Gerjan, Charles (irabe, Walter 8. Granville,
Jobn Hennessy, Jobo J. Herlihy, William P,
Judge, Henr: Laug, George T, Leeson, Andrew J. J,
McCarthy, Michael! Mebonough, J. W. Maponer.
Charles echan, Guido H. Mengoni, George J. Mill-
burn, John M Miilmore, Wiliam Moody, Willian
Mulcare. Michael J. Murphy, Francia O'Rourke,
Adolph Oppenheim, George W. Pepperted, Joseph
Petrosino, Louis Pollack, Olonzo Powell, Michael J.
Rein Williaa H. Ryoders, Theodora KB Snyder,
Ladislaus Strausky, Corneling J. Sullivan, Joba
‘Teylor, Michael McDonough, Charlies U Thomp-
son, Jobo F. Pinker, Jobn Mooney, John TH. Allen,
Ramuel B. Davia, Edward 2. Hughes, Andrew J.
Kiernan, Fdwin Murray, Thomas J, O'Connell, Alea
ander Cuandler, William H. Funston.

The following are remanded to patrol duty
from the Brook'yn [) :ective office:

Charles T, Belger, Prank BE, Buckley, William J,
Cream, Michael J. Connelly, James A. Carroll,
Peter A, Clarke, Danlel F. Donbher, ‘Timothy J! |
Desmond, Thomas J. Donovan, Francia A. Foster,
Richard J. Finn, Wiillam Bushes, Oscar J. Finn,
MiebaelH. Lynch. Joseph F, Langdon. Adolph ©. |
Mayer, James F. McGrath, Neil W. Buddy, George |
W. Reynolds, James Doyle, Harry B, Gorsuch, |
Frederick W. Lynch. Henry W. Schill,

The following are Detective-Sergennta as-
gizned to duty in the Centra) Ofice Bureau,

anhattan:

Thomas T Adams, Jeremiah J Murphy, William H,
Barret, Bernard F. M-Couville, John Doyle. James
Hacetert . William browne, John D, Mcuinness,
obn J. Oain, Ro ert McNaught, Arthur A, Carey,
Andrew Wiegent, R bert Obariton, John J O'Brien,
Thomas J. Crysta Jeremfab O Connell, William J,
Clark, Fanil L.Pf) oer, Jobn D. Cuff, Frank 8, Price,
Fdward J.Donnel, Samuel F. Price, George A Doran,

ichael J. Keap, John J. Dunn, Michael J. Reidy,

arry P. Foye, William P, Sheridan, J, J, Fowarty,
Edward F. Stringer, J. Ho Holland, Charles Stripp,
Francis J. Hughes, James W. Trainer, Michael L,
Kean, James I’. Valleiy, J. P. Kelly, Charles J Wade, |
John L. Kranch, BR. J, Webb. Thomas J Madden,
Phillip Weller, Joa ph Mannion, Alphonse S
Rheaume, Thomas Mopaban, Charles B. McManus
and Thomas Mulry,

The following detective sergeants are fas-
signed to the branch office in Brooklyn:

John F. Burns, Daniel Farrell, John Connor,
Michael Finnegan, Daniel Daly Robert Gilpin, Law:
rence Delenaniy. Charles’ Hayes, Bartley Gray,
Francis J. Kal 4 James H, Kelly, Michael Ken-
nedy, Edward H. Murphy, Robert Kortright,
James H, Roche, Henry heisen, Fravcia
seeerth. Henr: Miller, Wiliam C Werner,
John Moran, John rede, Jolin Mooney, John
Becker, Peter McQormick, Jobn F. Brady, Janes |
O'Rorke James Carroll, Jose bh Price, Robert Dunn, |
John Hall, Bernard Dolan, Edward Rocke, James |
Devoy, George F. Roden, Stephen A. Donlon, Patrick
Ryan, John J. Dolan, damp K. Raleigh. Thomas
Shaughnessy, Jobo J. Fitzpathiok and Edward Triste,

After the meeting President York stated that
forthe present the Maohattan portion of the
new bureau would get along with the forty-
seven detectives which it now has, but that
gradually the places of the sixty-threa men
who were transferred would be filled with new
men who would have the rank and pay of ser-

eant, The Bertillon system will be separated
rom the Detective Bureau inthe new system

nd willbe put undet the suyervision of Chief
very.

NORDICA AGAIN AS “AIDA,”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bhe Resumes Her Famous Role at the Met-
ropolitan Opera House,

Mme, Nordica has no réle in her rich and
varied repertoire that shows her talents to
@reater advantage than the heroine of Verdi's
“Alda.” She came forward in the part yeater-
day afternoon at the Metropolitan Opera House
for the first time during the present season,
She was not in good voice and for that reason
frequently sang with diMoulty, but her upper
notes, in which all the beauty of her voice re-
sides, were «oar and pure, 80 she was able to
@ive her share of the Nile scene with its accus-
tomed effect. This is very beautiful musie,
and Mme. Nordica’s singing of it is one of the

delights of the contemporary operatic stage,

he réle of Aida demands, besides voice,
both heart and passion, It is not enough to
sing some of the avenes with skill ip execution
and loveliness oftone, Dramatic strength ani

 

real feeling ara necessary for the role
of the glavegirl which is as exact
{ng vocally as dramatically Mine,

Nordica has come through some of the sceues
better than she did yesterday, but her per-
formince,so far as its artistic side is concerned,
Was notably fine, Yosterday she wore new con-
tumes that were so regally magnificent as to
make Amneris look modestiy dressed. Al-
though she was the daughter of a king in her
own country, Alda wasasiavein Egypt. me,
Miggdion 3 costumer forgot that,

M. Alvarez has never sung /adames so well
here as he did yesterday afternoon. His sing-
ing was pearly afways in tune and the taults of
his method were less noticeabie than usual,

@ has discarded the wig which was so unke-
coming tohim. He also wore yesterday tights
which made his arms and legs the same olor,

f M, Alvarez introduces that custom at the

péra in Paris, barbarous America will have
fought that famous institution something. It

s unfortunate forthe famous French tenor’s

Prtation here that he did not hein to sing in
Rew York as hedidattha matine vester tay,

Mme, Manrelli’s Aviiers sis an achlevement of
which any contralto might be proud, Rtg, Seot-
ti’s dramatic and artistic singing aa A anonaro
apd M. Plagnon’s sonorous voice inthe muse
of Ramfis added to the general merit of the

rformance, which reached a bigh standard
ig. Maucinelli conducted

“Der Fliiegende Hollaender’ Sung for the
Second Time This Year.

“Der Fliegende Hollasnder” has aever been
one of the popular Wagner operas in New York
The musie fe beautiful and the story is poetic,
but the public refuses to become interested in |
the work, Various explanations have been ad-
vanced to make clear the cause of thele indit-
ference, One is the general sadness and goom

of the story. Another is the fact that
the leading role is sune by a bari-
tone and not by a tenor, A third is

ss immaterial circumstance that the
{ghts are turned down on the stage during
almoat the whole of theopera,. Whatever the
reason for its failure to awaken public in-
terest may be, the fact remains that it is not
well liked andfis rarely heard by a large audi-
ence whoever the singers may be. If full ad-
vantage were taken of fil its spectacular op-
ortunittes “Der Fliewente Hollasuder” might
ecome a popular work for awhile. That
treatment has never been tried here, however,
nd is not likely to be at the Mecropolitan.

\ffecta of this character in the work are much ing our interests

etter looked after this year, however, than
they have been before since the daya of the

Mah opera,

he performance given last night at half
P ces loclu led the prince pal singers beard in
e subscription series only ashort time ago,
ts furnished Interesting suggestion — for
t bith 4s to the system of prices at the Met-
ropolitan as well as tothe public's indifference
Buch an excellent performanca of the opera.
the audience was notlarge, Mmes, Gadski
Schumann-Heink and MM. Bertram,
ppel and Lempriers Pringle were
gee more in their accustomed rdlea.
@ whole representation was admirably
japted to display the spirit of the opera at its
beat. Allof the princ'pa's named are excellent,
the choruses were well delivered and Mr, Paur
kept his orchestra zealous and discreet. But it
Piet ale wer hot " be given a er
en ollaender” so far as the New York

public is Concerned,

 

 

 

PRICE XO LONGER SLEUTH. PADEREWSKE enedd BY WOMEN,

  

 

 

Chicago Enthusiasts Climb Upon the Stage
to Embrave the Pianist.

Cureaoo, Feb. 8—Jan Tenace Paderewsk!
was rescued from @ mob of Chicagu women at

the Auditorium this afternoon by half @
dozen burly stage hands, Nolther the
turning off of ‘the electrio Hiehte bor
the lowering of the iron fre screens that

separate the stage from the auditorium per-
suuuded the audience to leave the theatre Por
a *ill hour after the programme of the regular
concert was over the women kept the ex-
hausted pianist the keyboard working for his
freedom, and then they made a rush to

} embrace him, It was @ remarkable exbibi-

tion

Paderewski played the thirteen selections on
the programme and retired, but most of the
people in the big theatre kept their seats,
After three or four minutes of applause, dure
ing which he appeared and bowed repeatedly,
the Polish musician seated himself at the
pianu again, He played another number and
then bowed himself off the stage again, Tho
applause was even wreater than before, and it
brought the victim out again in about five
minutes, and again he played, Three times
more this was repeated

The gas man tried to help out the musician
by turning off all the lights, That didu't stop
the noise, so he lowered the fre drop to shut
the aound from the stage. This action only
invited a more active seiga and the crowd
poured down into the lower floor, stood in the
aisles, on the seats and cilmbed onto the stage,
waving handkerchiefs and calling for Pade-
rewski, It was then three-quarters of an hour
after the concert programme was finished,
The lights went up again and eo did the fire
drop and a worn-out piano player came to the
front.

It was plain that the furor had reached the
point of imposition, but still the women ap-
plauded and called “Minuet,” but Paderewsk!
didn’t “Minuet” worth a cent. He made his
own selection and when he was through a
guard of haifa dozen stage hands rushed out
and began to carry off the piano, The women
then rushed for the player and the stage hands
hadtorescue him and hold back his enthu-
silastic admirers while he was escorted through
a dark hali to tne Auditorium Hotel.

TRYING 10 HEAD

 

 

Orr GRUBER,

Mr, Austin Maile a Warning Word to En-
rolled Republicans in the Twenty-first.

George C, Austin, head of the movement
among the Republican voters in the Twenty-
first Assembly district who are anxious to de-
pose Col, Abraham Gruber fromthe leadership,
has gent out postal cards to the enrolled Re-
publicans inthe district asking them not to
pay any attention to an appeal for support
which Col. Gruber has issued.
rea! as follows:

"Mr, Abraham Gruber has recently mailed to
the enrolled Republicans of the Twenty-first
Assembly district a circular which may mslead
some in reference tothe March primaries, The

opposition to Mr. Gruber has nearly oompleted |

its organization, and I have been Instructed to
gay that it will soon issue a circular stating
the true issues fuvolved in the peoding con-
test, and to ask you to reserve judgment in the
matter until the exact situation is thoroughly
understood, Yours respectfully,
“Gronar C, AUSTIN,
“Chairman Executive Committee.”

One of these postal cards fell into Col,
Gruber’s hands yesterday. He studied it
carefully, Then he made these remarks:

“The law recognizes only One committee of
Republicans inan Assembly district, and that
ig the Assembly District Cominittee, [ain the
chairman of that committee in the Twenty.
firet. Austin signs him-elf as the chairman of
the Executive Commitee and mentions the
General District Committees, What lis object
ia loan only guess, He may think he can fool
some of the voters, but the Kepublicans of the
Twenty-first aren't easily fooled. The postal
ia interesting for other reasons. A month ago
they said that their organization was com-
plete, Now Austin eaye i! fs nearly complete,
A month ago they said the issues were male

by me, Now they say they want to ¢xpiain the
true issues, Last month they said
that the issues were my oppo-
sition to Mckinley and to Roosevelt,

un opposition by the way that only they knew
of—even | didn't know of ft, But those were
their issuea then, Since then, however, we
have learned that Senator Platt ja not in favor
ofthe renomination of Roosevelt, but wants
to nave him nominated for Vice-President,
so as to get him out of New York State politica,
You'll observe that Senator Platt took this
stand after [had pledged the Twenty-first to
Roosevelt's renomination, Then, after that,
Mr. Austin nottflea the voters not to do any-
thing until the true issues of the contest are
thoroughly understoo4, :

“Now, the opposition to me is led by Mr.
Austin, and he awd hos fellow leaders and their
followers meet every night at The Arbor, at
lUlst street and Broadway, It lean annex toa
saloon, and this is the first time that the Kepub-
leans of the T'wenty-thrat Asser bly district, or
any faction of them in the history of the dis-
trict have metin # saloon. Every night they
dispense cigars and beer to the ‘ollowers, while
the leadera drink highbaiis, When IL o'clock
comes around the leaders have taken
so many hghbalis that they are confident
that they are going to be successful, With

very highball they carry an election district,
fur my friends who wo there on Austin’s invi-
tation feel aggrieved when only common beer
{e offered tothem. | have brought them upon
something betier, and Austia will have to do
something better than I have done if he wants
to win them over to hisside ofthe fence. [I'm
sure I'l) beat him at the primaries uniegs he
ulves the voters a free variety show with the
cigars and beer, .

“One citizen of our district, known among
his neighbors as ‘Holy Smoke,’ hasn't been
sober aince Austin opened hie headquarters.”

Mr. Austin expeats to hold some public meet-
ings the latter part of thismonth and in March,
At present he is making @ careful canvass of
the district. Col. Gruber is going to address a
meeting some day next week in the upper end
of the district.

In reply to Mr. Gruber Mr, Austin sald:

“Mr. Gruber says that the opposition to him
holda meetings every night in a ‘resort’ in
JOlst street and that this is the first time in
his reco'lection an attempt has been made
to run the Republican polities of the Twenty.
first Assembly district from a_ saloon,
This statement is a_ deliberate inault
to the eitivens of that locality who
patronize the place in question It is
a hotel and restaurant, and patronized
by the best citizens of the neighborhood
The Independent Club of the Twenty-first
district holds ita monthly meetings and dinnera
there, This club fs largely made up of membors
of the West End Presbyterian, the Grace
Methodist Eptacopal and &t, Michael's Pro-
testant Eplacopal churches, and the professors
and students of Couumbla University

"The Key. Dr John P. Peters, Reetor of
St. Michael's, holds one of hiachurch society
dinners there monthly. We desire to have
headquarters in the central part of the district,
and in view of the foregoing facts
were extremely glad to get a place of such re-
spectability for that purpose. I shall not dig-
nify Mr. Gruber’s other remarks, made in the
sane connection, by making @ reply tothem.”

WHITNEY'S STANDARD GAB,

He Wanted It in His Business—Plan of the
Protective Committec,

The Protective Committee of Standard Gas
atockho'ders has sent to stockholders gean-
eral y acireular asking them to deposit their
stock with the Mercantile Trust Company, re-
celving in exchange negotiable receipts. ‘The
voting power of the stock so deposited will
rest with the committee, Whose object Is that

 

all stockholders ahall get the same price if con- |

trolof the company is sold,

William ©, Whitney makes this statement:
“The purchase by me throuwh Mr, Braman
of Mr. Sage'a Standard. Gas stock is
of small sienifieance, I did not buy
the Andrews stock. Dee, 23 was a
bargain day, and [, with persons associated
with me tu electric light Interests, holding eas

stocks as well, added this purchase to our other |

holdings. We owned some Standard Gas stock
atthe time andsimply inereased our holdings,
as it became evident that the Consolidated Gas
Company by the purchase of the Westinghouse
electric Diant in New York intended to go into
thy electric light business, We were proteet-
| That |s the whole story.”

ali Street supposes that Consolidated Gas
interests got the Andrews stock

  
 

A Coal Miner's Good Luck in the Klondike.

Braz, Ind., Feb. 3~Last night Mr, Britton
returned from Alaska, where he hag been for
the past two years, and brought with him
nearty $00,000 Ingold, «id says he has a claim
that he re‘used $300,000 for just before leave
ing the Kiendike, When he left here he was@
pour coal miner.

 

 

Sealed Verdict in Kohlsaat-Hiuman Libel
Case,

Curcaco, Feb, 3.~The jury in the Kohtsaat-
Hinman libel case returned @ seuled yere

dict at midnight and the result w)
pe known till court Is called Wonca one
OR,

  

These cards |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

——————

 
   

 

 

——

SINESS TRAINING,

DEFECTS IN RU

 

 

_-

Mr. Ogden of Wanamaker's Tells of His
Experience With an Army of Employees,
| ‘The third annual dinner of the New York
| Commercial Teachors’ Association was held
last evening at the St. Denis Hotel, The oeca-
sion wae also ladies’ night and about one-third

| of the diners were women,
J.1.N, Hunt, Associate Superintendent of
Public Schools, and Robert ©, Ogden, execu-
| tive head of Wanamaker's store, made ad-

dresses, Mr. Hunt's subject was “Com-
merelul Education,” and he urged a
trainiug thac would, specifically, instill

a knowledge of geography with reference
tocommervial and cable routes and centres, as
we.) as purely political relations. “God has in
store for this country a wonderful expansion
and progress,” he said, “and we need the

tralned men who will take advantage of this
golden future.”

Mr. Onden was introduced aa a prepara! ot
great forces, with aldes and heads of divisions
to select, losses to recoup, and campaigns to
inn. "The Dally Demands of a Business

Mee” was his subject, “Education,” Mr,
Ogden said, “is faulty tf it does not tnettil
character. Useall your powers teachers to
rub out the mereny that the world owes every
man @ living. father your pupils showlc
understand that they owe the world a life.
time of work. We business people want
employees of conscience and your influ-
ence is needed tu instill it early in their
training. Until TI got the direetion of a large
umber of smail business people, [ had no idea
of the amount of small immorality running
through the world,

“Ti one of my ambitions Tam like all teach-
ers—I want the men or women who come into
employ under me to beeome worth more
than when they came. [ want them to
earn bigger salaries where they go than
we pail them. It is lamentable what
a dearth of knowledge there 16 of
pialo writing and good English It
costs $20,000 a year to correct the errors In in-
voices and other papers in our Philace!phia
aud New York stores, Some stenographers
need but the idea to turn out the perfect letter,
others area means of qrace because they try
our patience, To me it has been hope triumph.
ing over experience, but hope deferred maketh
the heart sick.”

OF

 

—

NOTES MUSIC EVENTS,

 

Si performances of opera will be given at the
Metropolitan Opera House during tho eighth week
of the Maurice Grau Opera Companys season, To-
morrow night “Faurt’ will be sung by Mines,
Eaines, Mante li sud Bauermeister an MM, Alvarez,
Campanari, Meus and Plangon, On Wednesday
evening ‘Los Huguenots” will be sung by Mines,
Sembrich, Nordica, Mantelliand Bauermetster and
MM. Alvarez (who makes bis last appearance in this
country), Plaugon, Lily Bars, Queyla, Dufrichd and
Edouard de Reszie. on Thursday afternoon an
extra performauce of ‘Carmen’ will be given

by Mmes. Calve, Susanne Adams, Banor-
meister and Van Cauteren and MM
Saleva, Devries, Bars, Dufriché, Queyla aud

Campanari. On Friday evening “Don Giovanni’
will be given by Mmes. Sembrich, Nordica and de
Vere ani MM, Scotti, de Reazke, Dippel, Pini-Corst
and Devries, At th» Saturtay matings Don Vas-
quale’ will ba sung by Mme Sembrich and MM.
Scotti, Pini-Corsi, Queyla and Balignao and ‘Caval-
leria Rusticaua’’ by Mmes, Oalve, Mantelli and
Bauernie.ser aod MN, Sal6za and Campanari, At
the Baturday evening performance “Tannbiuser’
| will be giveu by MM. Van Dyck, Bertram, Plancon,
Bars, Queyla, Mubimann and Meux, and Mmea,
Stroug, Pevay and Olitvka. Sig. Mancinelli will
conduct on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, aud
Biv. Bevignani on Thursday aud Saturday afternoon,
Mr. Paur will conduct here on Saturdry night and
in Philadelphia on Puesday and Thursday,

 

The season of four performances to be given in
Brooklyn this winter will begin un Lucaday evening
at the Academy of Music with “Carmen.” It will
be sung by Mmes, Calyé, Bauermeister, Van
Cantercn and Snvanne Adame and MM. Sal za,
Devries, Bars, Dufriché, Queyla and Caempanart,
Sie, Bevignani will condnet.

Alexandre Petsechuikoi!, Susan Strong, Ross
Olitaka, Thomas Saliguac and Anton Van Rooy are
to be the sololisis at the Metropolitan Opera House
tepleht. Frmil Paur willeonduct the house orches
tra. The fall programme is 48 follows

Overture, “La Muette de Pertici’,
Aria, “La Gioconda > saeese
Mile. Ulitvka

Auber
» Ponsbielll

Les Slances, evneoes . Plegier
M. Saliguac,
Air, "La Reina de Saba’ ae . Gounod
| Miss Strong
Aria, “Hans Heiling’ sosceeees Mareohner

M. Van Rovy.
Firet Movement D major Cou erto,,.,. Techaikowsky
M, Petech.» kott

 

Symphonic Poem “Lea Preludes’., ‘ Liset
Die hebe Fa . Schubert
Die bose Parle Peliubert

M. Van Rooy.
Die Uhr, eee Pr Loewe
Gans leise Rana Som iner
Pastorale...... ove ‘ Buet

Mile. Olitzka,
"Havanaise’ . eee Saift-Saens
‘). Petachnikolt

Still Wie die Nacht . Rohm

Toh Liebe Dict +» Foerster
Mies Strong.

Overture, “Benvenuto Vellim” . Berlioz

The committee in charge of the concert to be given
at Carnegie Hall next Tuesday evening at 4:40,
for the benefitof the Dewey Memorial Arch, beg to
announce the following completed programme of
the concert;

The Manila Te Deum--Composed by Walter Dam-
Poseh in Lonor of the victory at Manila,

S loists Mines. Gadeki, Natale Dunn, Mary H,
Mausteld, Eva vardner Coleman, Carrie Bridewell,
Belle Newport, Horlocker and H. Que. and Bvan
Willams, EB. Elieworth (iiles, George Willam
Jenkins, Julian Walser, Gwilym Miles, Herbert
Witherspoon and the Urator.o Society Chorus and
Orchestra,

Address by Gov, Roosevelt.

Totawn @ us from ‘Stabat Mater"
Mime Nordica and Chor
Ariafrom "L' Etoile du Nord
Edouard de Keszke
Die Meistersinger”
Orchestra,

+» Roesint

 

Meyerbecr

 

. Wagner

. Weber

Prize song from

 

Air from “Oberon”. ..,
Mune. Ga taki
Air from "The Swan and the skylark’’.Goring Thomas
wivan Williame,
“My Country ‘Tis of Thee
fo be sung by Chorus and Audience

 

The firet of Victor Thrane'’s subscrmption recitals
will be given Tuesday, Feb.6., at Bherry'’s, Alex-
eptire Petechuiko®Y and Elsa Kuegger will be the
soloists,and Aime Lachaume will be at the piano,
The programme wil] be made up of numbers which
these artists bave not before given in New York,
Crieg's sonata for ‘cello in A minor, Vieuxtemps
Fantasia Apassionata for violin, and Tscheikowsky'’s
trio for violin, ‘cello and piano, will be on the pro-
gramme,

These sanie artista will give @ recital at Mendela
sohn Hall on Wednesday afternoon, Numbers of
Ro cherini, Bach, Fischer, Popper, Sarasate and
Techaikowsky will be played,

The Kaltenborn Quartet will give on Wednesday
evening a Mencdelssbou Hall the firat of a series of
concerts, Beethoven's Quartet No, 4, opus 14,
Judassolin’s Quintet, opus 70, with Ward Stephens
at the piano and numbers by Tschuikowaky and
Klengel will be played, Katherine Pelton will be the
soloist,

Fthel Newcomb will give her second concert at
Mendelsshon Hall on Tuesday afternoon. Her pro-
gramme preeents works by Bach-Tansig, Schumann,
Beethoven, Leachetizky and Rachmaninoff,

Frieda Siemens will be heard in recital next
Thursday evening at Mendelssohn Hall. The pian-
ist has not been heard bere since she appeared aa an
infant phenomenon,

The Bach singers of New York will give their first
eoneerton Feb, 13, at Mendelasoln Hall, underthe
direction of Theodor Bjorksten. The soloists will be
Mime, Gadakl roprano; Agnes Janson, the Swedish
contralto, Who will thea make her first appearance
here, ad Robert Hosea, bass. At the second con-
cert, on April 26, Bach's comic “Coffee Cantata” will

} besung. Mr. Bispham will be the ch ef soloiat.

Sara Anderson, Max Heinrich, David Mannes and
Isidore Luckstone will be heard in concert on
Wednesday at Association Hall in Brooklyn,

Flames on the Steam Yacht Elsa.

An overheated stove set fire to the woodwork
on the steam yacht Elsa lying at the foot of
Twenty-third street, Lrooklyn, yeaterday
afternoon, aud caused a damage of $3,000. The
yacht was builtin Pugland four years ago for
Mr. E. Sheldon of the New York Yaeht Club, It

was sold recently to Dick Brothers of Phila-
deiphia. The new owners were to inspect the
vessel to-day and Capt, Brown started the fire
to warm up the saloon. It is thought the stove
was defective,

 

Three Boys Missing,

Heary Zimmer of 23 Second street went to
Police Headquarters yesteriay afternoon and
asked that a general alarm be sent out for his
sixteen-year-old son, Henry Zimmer, who ran
away last Iriday because he failed in examina-
| tion for the city college. With him went Hans

Kleis of 232 Fifth street, who 4)
wih aa hee i i
fave shipped oe coma ve “aid the boys might
have shippe ome vessel, The

| Were wving to the Pacis Exposition.” vale ther

 

|

!

|

on the charge ot

the rooms of the Gerry Society.

12 SLAIN ON A CANAL BOAT.

BLOODY BATTLE IN WHICH MEN
AND WOMEN TOOK PART,

 

 

Wife of One of the Dead Men Says That
Capt. Collins of the Slowey Murdered
Both—-Woman With a Siab Wound—
Boy Helped to Carry One Body Out,

Two wen were killed last night on a canal-
boat lying In the East River at the foot of Third
street, They were Elmer Kipp, captain of the
eanalboat C. A, Voorhis, and Joseph Victor, a
deckhand on the canalboat Thomas Slowey.
The stories of the persons who were found on
the boats differ so widely that the police and
the Coroner have been unable to find out just
how the men lost their lives. Kipp's wife says
that both were murdered during # quarrel by
Capt. Alvin O, Colline of the Slowey.

Shortly before 7 o’clock a man rushed into
the office of Dr. Samuel Falk at 356 East
Fourth atreet and asked him_ to go to the foot
of Fast Third street to attend a man who had
been accidentally hurt on a ecanalboat. Dr.
Paik accompanied the man and found two
oapalboate lashed to the pier,

Dr. Falk was led down Into the cabin of the
Slowey, and there found two women and a boy
seated bealde the dead body of a man whosa
skull had been fractured. They said that he
hal met death apeidentally by falling.
The doctor was led back to the other canal-
boat, and there Inthe cabin he found another
dead man, whose death had been caused by a
stab wound in the left side of the head. It
was evident that both of the men had been
dead more than an hour.

The doetor ordered the man who had called
his attention to the case to accompany him to
the Caton Market poiice station, When they
got to the station the man said be was Alvin
. Collins, captain of the canal boat Slowey.

He said that he did not. know how
either of the men met death, He was
and a patrol wagon

placed under arrest,
iled with detectives and polieemen. was
sent to the foot of Third etreet. There
the poties arrested all the persons aboard
of the canal boats and took the two
bodies back to othe = station in the

atrol wagon. One of the women sald she waa

ra, Collins, the wifo of the man under arrest,
The boy was thelr son, Lawrence, and the
other woman was Mra, Catherine Kipp, the
wife of one of the dead men,

Mrs, Kipp said that aho knew nothing whnat-
ever about the killing of her husband or of
Vitor, She said that she thought her hus-
band had been Iojured while on the pier some
time during the alternoon, She added thatthe
firet she knew about her husband being In-
Jured was when she saw him lylug in bed fn
the eabin with blood oozing trom a wound in
the head. Later on, whea questioned by Cor-
oner Bausch, she told a different version of
the killing.

“To get to Capt. Collins’s boat It was necos-
sary to cross our boat. Capt, Collins crossed
several tines While going for beer. He Invited
ine and my hushand over » the cabia of hie
boat, aud there we found his wife and boy,
together with the man Victor, who is in their
employ. r

“My husband had not been drinking, but I
drank a glass of beer with the rest of the
crowd, Victor was teasing Capt. Colling's dog,
Gyp, and Capt. Collins threatened to punch
him if he didn’t stop. Vietor continue to
tease the dog, and then he and Collins
got to punching each other, Suddenly Victor
fell,and I aaw blood oozing from a wound tn
his head. Just about the time he fell Mrs, Col-
lings and her son had joined tn the row.

when Victor fell Collins stabbed my husband
in the wide of the head and he fell, too

wanted to go for the police, but Mrs,
Collins wot down on her knees
and begged me not to eay what

happened; they said the men were not badiy
hurt, and Collins and his fourteen-year-old
boy lifted my husband and carried him over to
the cabin of ourcanal boat, ‘There they placed
him in bed and Collins said thatif l would
keep quie' aboutthe matter be would go and
get adoctor and the police would know noth-
ing about I(t.” :

While Mra, Kipp was telling her story Collins
frequently interrupted her by saving, “Are you
through? Are youthrough? Just wait untill
hare my say,” 5

“Ll now charge that man with killing my
husband,” exclaimed Mrs. Kipp; “I. charge
him with murder" Then she produced a
pocket knife which she said she had taken
rom her husband's clothing after she foaod
he had been Injured, and handed ‘t to Sergt
Hogan. She explained that the knife had
nothing whatever to do with the trouble on
the canal boat.

“Sie lea! She lies!” cried Collins, “I, my-
myself, wos cut here on the thumb, and yoa
can see;iook at that gash, and my wife was
stubbed, too,"

nn ns SohSelsueiennnUneeet encECRNEERRE NSN RERIERICT EERO

| width each and
My |
hasband also joined fo to save Victor, and |

He held ont his thumb and showed a dean |

cut, Hia wife denied that she had been stabbed,
but Dr. Frank’ Cunningham, who had just are
rive | from Bellevue at the request of Coroner
Bausch, took Mrs. Collins into the mutron’s
room, and, upon examining her, found a stab
wound in her left breast, 7

“Her hushand stabbed her,” sald Mra. Kipp.

“He didn’t.” said Mra, Collina, who had just
come outofthe matron’s room, “You stabbed
me

Coroner Bausch then took the boy asideand
triedto get his version of the trouble. The
boy said he wouldn't tell him anything about
it. Then thet oroner told dim that he would
be log. lup inthe rooms of the gerry society
until he got ready to tell, He sad he dlin't
care bow long he was locked up

In the meantime Mrs Kipp and Collins were
accuss@ each other of murter, Mra Kinp
finally shouted; "Why don’ gvour boy tell the
truth aboutit? Ditn't he he p youte carry my

husband's body from your canal boat over to !

ours?”

“Go ahead, “tell
the truth; that’s whac [ want you_to tell.”

“Well,” said the boy, facing Mrs. hipp, "'T
he!ped tocarry your husbaod and put him to
bed, but he wasn't dead at that time.”

Dr, Cunnipgham made an examination of
the bodies of the two dead men, He safd that
Kipp's death was caused by a stab wound
on the left side of the head, evidently
infiicted by a large knife, The knife
that made this stab wound, he said, was un-
doubtedly the same that had caused the wound
in Mra. Collins's breast, He said that Vietor’s
death was due toafracture of the skull which
might have been made by a capstan bar,

§ would hardiy be posaibie for those man to
kill { the doctor, “for death
in

Lawrence,” sald Collins,

 

sach other,” addec
h case was instantaneous.”

that F know about it,” said Collins, “is
that Vietor came into theeabin and said that
he wante: to lie down; he had
heen at work to-day on the boat aod sail
that he didn’t intend to go home; his
home wae up on Forty-sixth street some-
where. I did not notice at the the time he lay
down that his skull was fractured. A few min-
utes afterhe came tnto our cabin Mrs, Kipp
ran overand said that her husband had been
hurt. That's all Lknow about it.”

A.ter Mrs, Collins had her wound dressed
she was locked up, as was Mrs, Kipp. They
were held as witnesses, and Colling was held
inurder, The boy is now at

 

MOLINEUX TRIAL WILL GO ON,

Juror Brown May Come Down on Crutches
--Diphtheria in Molineux'’s Tier of Cells.

The wife of Juror Manheim Brown said last
night that he would surely be able to be at the

Molineux trial to-morrow. She said that there
was still atrace of rheumatism in his leg and
that he was forced to use acrutch, She Roped
that he would be able to dispense with the
erutch by Monday, but whether or no be would
be at the trial. Dr, Rigraund Tynberg said that
the sick jur r should have as invalid chair for
his comfort at the trial and if possible a couch,

Geu, Molineux ant his wife and young
Molinenx’s wife visited the prisoner {n the
Tombs yesterday,

Dr, Jackson K. Campbell, the Tombs physt-
cian, discovered a case of diphtheria in the

Tombs yesterday morning and ordered the
sick man’s removal tothe Willard Parker Hos-
pital, The patient ia Thomas Castor, who was
ent tothe Tombs two days age.4Sy Magistrate

Jouel, He was imprisoned on the same tler as
Molineux, Al) sothlng and bedding have
been burned und the cell has been disinfected.

 

The Rev. Moran Loses His Rectorship.

The Rev. Francia Clay Moran, chairman of
the Sweating System Committee of the Church

Association for the advancement of the In-
terests of Labor, and who some time ago was
made temporary rector ot St. Stephens P. BE,
Church, Sixty-ninth straet and Broa !way, haa
been removed and will be succeeded tor day by
the Rev, N. A. Taylor. Some of the mem bers
of the vestry do not approve of Mr. Moran's
dismissal, but the majorit

Mr. Taylor. y decided In favor of

 

 

Presentation to the Assistant Postmaster.

Over four hundred Republicans of the
borough of The Bronx gave a dinner last

night to Assistant Postmaster Edward M.
Morgan at Washington Hall, 107th street and
Amsterdam avenue. Agold watch and chain
were presented to Mr. Morgan “for his sterling
Republicanism and for the valuable asslatance
he has given jn securing rapid transit for the
borough of The Bronx.”

Borneo Rebel Leader Reported Killed.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sen.
Lonpon, Feb. 3.—It is reported that Mat Sal-
leh, the leader of the Tagas rebels in British
North Borneo has been killed and his followers
dispersed,

 

Admiral Dewey Will Be a Guest.

OanpaLs, L. L, Feb. 3.-At the twenty-Afth
anniversary of the wedding ot Mr, and Mrs,
Frederick G. Bourne at their residence in this
place on Friday, Feb. Uth, Admiral and Mra
George Dewey will be guests, ive hundred
invitations have been issued, our Admiral!
Nicoll Ludlow and Gen. Shafter and hie staff
are expected to be present.

we ener aan emey, <eap-emeeqretnaeeh een
. sox

M’DONALD In NOT TALKING,

 

Has No Bondsmen Yet, but Still Seems

Confident.

John B. McDonald, whose bid of 845,000,000
to build the Rapid Transit railroad has been ac-
cepted, but who has failed as yet to get signers
for the $6,000,000 in bonds which he must give
to qualify for the contract, denied hotly yesterday
the Wall Street rumor that he was going to give
UP the quest for bondsmen and abandon the con-
tract, Except for this denial and the declaration
that he would forward an application to the Rapid
Transit Railroad Commission for an extension
of time, Mr, McDonald would not talk for pub-
lication yesterday. The people who represent
the interesia of Andrew Onderdonk, whore bid
of $39,300,000 and check for $150,000 are stll
tu the bands of the Commisaion, were more active
and hopeful than they had been for days and they
seemed to think that after all be stood a good
chance of securing the contract, although bis bid
exceeds that of Mr. McDonald by $4,300,000

Whether Mr. McDonald really did make an
application for an extension of ume yesterday
did not appear during the day. President Orr
of the Rapid Transit Railroad Commission left |
his office for the day at 280 o'clock, and up to |
that hour no such application had been received
by him. Notwithstanding this, he said before
he left that he would call a meeting of the board |
for Monday on general principles, a8 there were a)
number of matters which he thought ought to be |
considered,

According to the accepted way of pockoning,
the me which Mr. McDonald now has in whic
to execute the contract will expire on Monday
at midnight. There seemed to be some queation |
in the minds of Mr. Orr and also of E. M. Shepard, |
counsel to the board, as to whether Sundays |
Were to be counted in reckoning the two terms
of ten days each since Mr, McDonald was noti
fled of the acceptance of bis bid
to be counted Mr. MeDonald will have until |
Wednesday at midnight. Mr. McDouald held
4 short conference with his counsel, Delancey
Nicoll, early yesterday but after that he merely
shut himself up in lis offices for the greater part
of the day, and it was clear that be waa carrying
on no negotiations directly looking to the secur
ing of bondsmen August Belmont, of August
Belmont & Co, Mr. McDonald's financial agents,
Was uncommunicative, although there can be
little doubt that Mr. MeDonald's whole reliance
now rests upon that house to pull him throweh |

It seems to have just dawned upon the members
of the West Kad Associaton that the building |
of the rapid transit line up Broadway north of |
Fifty ninth street, on the plans as approved is |
likely to destroy all of the shade trees which now
stand in the little parkways along the centre
of the street, The association has called a meet-
ing to be held on Monday eveniug at which this
and some other features of the proposed road
are to be discussed, ‘The protile plans for the
road show that along this part of the route and |
up to Ninety sixth street only shallow amounts |
of earth will be left over the tunnel reef, varying
from about 2", to 7 feet, There is no doubt |
that probably all the trees along that. portion
of the street will have to be taken up, but ft is
provided in the form of contract that other trees

If they are not

not less than fifteen feet tall and 3‘, inches in j

diameter at the butt of the trunk must be planted |
in their places whenever a depth of 5 feet or more |
of soil is left above the tunnel, A considerable
part of the present park spaces may, under the

contract, be left open to the tunnel for light and |

ventilation as is noWthe case in Park avenue
These openings may not exceed twenty feet in
fitty feet in length nor shall
there be more than two in any one block, but
if these dimentions and numbers were fol
lowed about one half in length of each block
would be left open. Each opening must be sur-
rounded by an
would naturally be more or less masked by shrub:

| bery, but the tree effect will probably be lost

THE RAPID TRANSIT BIL1,

Gov. Roosevelt Gives Notice of a Public
Mearing on It on Thursday.

ALBANY, Feb. 3.—Gov, Roosevelt said to-day
that in viewof published statements he had Aa-

the Governor's legal! adviser, go over the Rapid

Transit Tunnel bill, and so far they had been | %:

unatfe to find the slightest justifleation for the
loose statements made regarding the measure,
The Governor also authorized the following
statement:

_ “Tsae certain statements published contain-
ing arguments against the Rapid Transit bill,
I want to point out the obvious truth that no
credit whatever is due any statement whieh
the maker fears to make hefore either the city
or the State authorities at the session held for

ments, The billis not before me. Lam told it
will reach me on ‘Tuesday. Avcordingly on
soureday, at half past 11 o’elock, T shall havea
an open hearing on it and shall request the

 

Tnow give poblic notice of a hearing, so that if
there Is anything to be saidagainst the bill it
can then be said,”

COOL SUICIDE, THIS,

    

omamental iron fence and each |

|
{

|

serablyman Gherardi Davis'and Judge Lincoln, |

  
 

j Harvard

|

  

Every One Knows

  

 
  
   

that the

Glenlivet District Scotch Whiskies

 

is blended.
store, in casks or cases,

 

MISHAP 40 A COLUMBIA ATHLETE,
M. W. Long Sprains His Ankle at the Boston
A, A. Indoor Games,

Bosvoy, Peb, 3,—The eleventh annual indoor
gamesof the Boston A, A. were held at the

Mechanics’ building this evening
a large crowd of spectators, The forty
yard) special was won by Daffy of

Georgetown, equalling nls previous record of
43-5 seconds. In the forty-yard handicap
Tewksbury was beaten out in tho fourth heat
by Smith of Harvard. Duffy took his heat
easily from Short. In the final P, Dana of Hop-
kinson School won.

The Columbia-Cornell team race was a hot
ove. Bishop of Coluinbla got the pele, but was
unable to hold it. Warren of Cornell gave
Lawson two yards lead and the latter ran
away from Thurston of Columbia, Bellinger
increased Cornell's lead over MeAnerny, and
Hastings had twelve yards tothe good when
he and Long of Columbia came up for the floal.
Long set out ata terrific pace and was even up

:
|

are the best. If so, why should they be blended,
unless to cheapen ? = Neither the

ONNIE BRIER BUSH

(VERY OLD) or the

SOUVENIR OF SCOTLAND

(MEDIUM AGE)

We offer them for sale, in bond or in

only natural Scotch whiskies on the market, Do
you wish to drink straight whiskies or mongrel ?

H. B. KIRK & CO.,N. Y.

with the Cornell man at the end of the second |

lap. Unfortunately Long sprained a tendon of
his lefrankle and had to quit, Hastings having
a walk-over forthe remaining distance, Time,
Sminutes 182-5 seconds. Summary:

One Mile Run—Woa by PF. 8, Doughty. Providence
Y.M.0. AY second, J
third, F, Mo Kanaly, Cambrndgeport.
‘ % seconds
ve Stunding Jumps—Won by B, kK. Mulligan,
Knickevbocxer A... distance with handicap of 9

Time, 4 mB

 

{rches 4 feet 4 inches: second, R © kury, New
York A. C., seratoh, 84 feet 5 inches; third, EK. H
Smith, Harvard 12 inches, 38 feet (oly tuches

 

Forty: \ard Dash Novice, scratch—Final heat won
by H. 8, Pratt, Prown. second, W, H. Hull, Brown,

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

third, W.D. Roberts, Worcester Academy, Time—
445 Becouds

Forty-Yard Special—serateh—Won by A, F, Duffy,
Georgetown; second, J, W. Tewksbury, Ponnsylya
ma, third, J. Sullivan, Holy Cross, Titne—4 8-6
seconta

Forty Yard Handicap—Final heat won by P. Dana,
Hopkinson School; second, Duffy, Georgetown;
third, Sullivan, Holy Cross, Time 4 8-5 seconds

Ronning High Jump, handicap I. L. Glidden, Jr,
both of Harvard, S-inch handicap,
Height—" feet 11% inches. Jump
Height fect

Won by HF. Goch-
Distance—44 teet

and F 8. Ware
thed for firat.
of won by Glidden,

Puttin the Shot, hand cap
ens. Harvard, 2 fet, 3 tnehes,
Lody nehles

 

  

PRAM RACES,

Dartmouth vs. Brown, won by Dartmouth. Time,
8 Willams 4s, Amberst won by Williaa, Tine,
2-5, Corneil vs, Columbia, won by Cornell,
$28 2-6. Harvard, 1v00 va Harvard, 1901,

Two, Time, 8:26 4-5. Harvard, 102, va,

1908, won by 1008 Time, 8:22 on
Gloucester AC. va East Boston A, A,, wou by Kast
Bostim Time, 0:24 1-5,

What promised to be the best event of the
evening was the Harvard-University of Penn-
syivanin team race, but it proved an easy vic-
tory for Harvard,

The |.000-vyard run, handicap, was won by
Join Bray, New York A.C, scratch, Time, 2

 

 

| minutes 26 8-0 seconds.
the eXoress purpose of listeuing tosuch state. |

| rrenrens PUT OUT OF THE RING,

 

 

' Referee and Police Step Cain and MeIntyre
attendance of representatives of the Comp. |
troller and the Kapid Transit Commission, and |

at the Greenwood A, C,
For a time things were julte stirring at the
Greenwood A. C. last night, and it looked as if
the evening's sport woul! end in a row, The

! original card called for a twenty-round bout

| between Patsy Sweeney of Manchester, N. H.,

Weéked About the Room and Assured Doe-
tor That the Bullet Was n His Head,

William L, Ahrens of 035 Ninth avenue was |

found in bis room yesterday morning with a
bullet-hole in his head, He said that he had
shot himself accidentally while cleaning his re-
volver. Dr. Joseph b. Miller of 355 East Porty-

| second street, who was called in, taxed Ahrens

een eee at ns upcer:  intt tetage tle aceylien os 8:

panne at

with having attempted to kill himself,

“Thats so," replied Ahrens. “lL was despond-
entand did not think that it was worth while
toliveany longer, But after I shot myself I

decided that [did not want my folks to know
that [had done it, so IT took out the exploded
cartridge shell and putitin he burcan drawer,

hen Tput a new cartridge in the revolver.”

Dr, Miller probed forthe bullet, but could not
find it. Ahrens walked across the room and aat
down in a chair insisting all the time that ne
knewthe bullet was in his head. Dr. Miller
told Heory Ahrens, a brother of the injured
man,to notify the polies of the West Forty.
seventh street sation ot theattempte ! suicide,
He then left the house, When he returne! at 5
o'clock in the afternoon, Ahrens was dead. He
learned that the brother had not made any re-
port at the station, sohe went there himself
and reported the matter, Volicaman O'Graly
was sent to the Ahrens house to investigate
He made the following report:

“William L. Ahrens die! accidentally froma

nessed it

Despondent Engineer Kills Himself.

Francis E. Lynn, 30 years old, an engineer,
committed suleide at his home,324 Fifty-eighth

atreet, Brooklyn, yesterday by taking a dose |
of earbolle acid. His wife died thres weeks |
ago, since whichtime he had been despondent. |

 

sound of our
is worth coming to our }

If you are within
call, it
Remnant Sale. If not, send in}
your measurement, We will fit you |
pertectly, Suits formerly $30.00
to $40.00, now $14.00. Trousers
formerly $5.00 to $10.00, now |
$4.00, Wool and silk lined faney |
vestings, formerly $8.00 to $15.00,
now $6,00.

Special sale of high grade blue
and black domestic montagnae, wool
lined, satin yoke, overcoat to order,
$18.00, ulster $21.00. Raglan, of
gray Moule, cheviot, skeleton $25,00,
silk lined $30.00,

No risk, money back.

ARNHEIM

OUR ONLY STORE,

arperwhy & 9th Street,

 

| city

| contd

| rounds at

snovked out,
self-inflicted bullet wound and his brother wit- | Hall was Bnovked ou

and Perey Melntyre of the Pastime A. C, this
They were to have boxed at 155 pounds,
but when it was time for the alfair to begin
Sweeney sent word that he was sick and
not go on. This, of course, left the
elif: in @ temporary quan ‘ary, but by shrew

, huatiing Joe Cain of Brooklyn was engaged to

fill the gap and essayed to take Sweeney's
jlare, Le wae ‘oabiy out. of eondition,
Melutyre was tr7) dl to the hour, however,
and this fact made Cais ins.ston the Meht be
ing fought under Marquis of Queensberry

| rules, with the excep fon that there must be a
ee ean
| weights

break, The contest was at catch.
The men went at itin sucha tame
manner that the larwe crowd bissed and jeered
the pugilists, Atthe end of the fourth round
Referee Eddie Dougherty inter‘ered and with
the aid of the police made the fighters get ont
of the ring.

In the meantime Matchinaker Bangs had Kid

| Carter of Brooklyn, white, and Jim Austin,
| colored, of this city ready

twelve rounds and theirexhibition was inter-
esting, Inthe ninth Carter knocked Austin

| out,

The opening bout was between young Car-
terand Kid Trueman, two Brooklyn teather-
weights, ‘They met at catchweights for ten
rounds. The verdict wasadraw, Denny Hall
of New Yorkand Jimmy Reilly ol Brooklyn
were the principals ju the next bout, for ten
133) pounds, In the third round

HOPE HAIL TO STAY,

Mrs. Ballineton Booth's Anawer to the
Flushing Association's Request,

Fiusnine, Lb 1, Feb, 3,—In her reply to a
series of resolutions adopted by the Flushing
Association requesting Mrs, Ballington Booth
to move Hope Hall, her home for discharged

 

 

criminals fn this place, tosome other locality, |

Mrs. Booth asserts that four years experience
inthe work she has undertaken qualities her

to best judge what place is most suitable
for her home She says that it. is
necessary for the home to be near New

York eity so that the ipmates may have the
opportunity of hunting for work with little ex.
pense in travelling toand from the city. She
declares the home ia not for harboring erim|-
nals, )ut is ashelter for men whoare desirous
of leading bonest lives, She says that the
home will not be a menace to the safety of
others inthe community, She writes that she
jaconvinced that after Hone Hall weta a fair
trie) that the opinion now held by some of the
residents of Flushing will be changed in favor
ofthe work. Mrs, Booth's rep.y is taken as a
deelaration that Hope Hall_wil! remain on the
bite selecte t, and that the offer of $3,000 above
the price she paid for the property, made by
certain interested residents, will be refused,

PROPOSAL TU LBASE 3D AVE, R. R,

 

 

Said to Have Been Made, But Not Enter-
tained—Metropolitan Not After It.

As to a report in Wall Street that a specia
meeting of Third Avenue Railroad stockholders
was to be called to voteon A proposition to lease the
property to the Metrop ylitan Street Lailway Com

yany, or Some other company, and that President
Bis would retire, }dverd | auterbach, counsel

ofthe ‘Thitd Avenue Company, said yesterday
It is not true that a meeting of the Third
Avenue stockboiders las been called to con

sider @ proposition to lease the road to outside in
terests, Itis true thatsuch an offer Was made, but
by whom Jam not at liberty to say” [have m
reason to believe that the proposition ts being en
tertained, We are going right ahead with the
financing of the company’s floating debt, and
there has been and will be no hitch in the matter
All reports that Mr Flias is to retire from the
presideney of the rompany are absolutely false’

A representative of the Metropolitan Street
Rai way Company denied that thatcompany was
considering a lease of the Third Avenue Com

pany aides

‘“Serappy'’ Joyce Saye That Freedman
Owes Him 91,000,

&r,. Loui, Feb, 3.—To-day's mall brought to
“Serappy’ Bil! Joyce, former captain of the
New York clab. a contract to play with that
elub for the season of 1100, with the requeat
that he aio and return the contract to Presi.
dent Freedman, When seen this evening Jovee
atate! that Freedman owed him 81.000 for
the sedtson of 1SUS and when that was paid he
would be ready to talk business with him, and
not before.

Horses, Harness and Carriages,

No better market is open to you, providin
our ne are reliable, thao the readers o
Ua~ Ady,

URS meemr ne E

They went on for |

H. Deady, St, Anna, 26 yar is; |

| Debevoise

| exceptionally good quality,

  
  
  
   
  

We believe they are the

  

BANCROFT?

 

UHMERE IS OLIVER
caped From a Sanitarium on Thureday
Night and Started for This City.

Sidney Bancroft, an oil merchant of 253
Front street, and Hving at 420 Laf-
ayette avenue, Brooklyn, reported to
the police last night that his son, Oliver,
22 syears old, was missing and
that he wished a goneral alarm seat out for
him. He said that the young man had broken
down from overwork tn the Brooklyn High
School some mouths ago and that his mind
had become unsettled,

Mr. Bancroft said that he had sent his
son to a sauiturium at the Delaware
Water Gap, but that the boy had takea
French jeave of the institution on Thurs-
day night and had started for thi
city. Hetook a D, LL. and W, train at 6:0
o'clock, and arrived In thia city at 4:40 o'cloek,
The movements of the boy were traced until
he reached this city, aud then all trace of him
Wee lost,

Mr. Baneroft was positive that his son had
not intended to go to his home. He said that
the boy had $8 in movey when he left the san-
itarium, but no jewelry. His clothing was of
The description
ot the boy as furnished to the police by tha
father was as follows:

“Five feet, seven inches tall, of slight build,
light complexion. brown bair, gray eyes, dark
brown coat and vest, gray mixed trousers aad
black laced shoes.”

E

 

THE CORPSE MOVED,

Alarm Among Doctors Who Were Expert
menting at the Morgue.

Dr, Robert M. Daly, who was surgeon of the
Sixty-ninth Regiment, and Dr, Clarence @,
Campbell, attached to Bellevue Hospital, have
been experimenting for some time at the
Morgue with a view to arriving atthe dis-

covery of a method in caring for diphtheria
patients. They have devised a gold tube
which they say can be used. toadvantage in
the throats of children suffering from that
disease,

Yesterday afternoon the two doctors went
over to the Morgue aud seaured the corpse of
a@seven-year-old girlfor the purpose of illus-
trating the method of using the tube. A dozen
doctors were gathered in the Morgue while Di
Campbellant Dr. Daly set the body of the girt
upon achair. One of the doctors was explain-
ing the experiment when there was a sudden
jar. The hands of the corpse moved,
fhe doctors became greatly alarmed, be-
lieving that the subject on which they
were experimenting possessed fife, The
corpse was laid upon a table and examinod,
but all the doctore said that the girl had been
deat many hours. They. were unable to ex-
yam the moving of the body until one ofthe

orgue attaches came in and said that the
Charities Departincat. tug Fidelity had struck
the pier on which the Morgue reste.

WRS, EGLOF RRESTED.

She Is Charged With Murder in Adminis
tering Poison to Her Husband.
Rocnester, Feb. 3.—Mrs. Loving Egloff was
arrested at the home of her father, near Corfu,
to-day. ona warrantsworn out by Peter Eg-
loff, her brother-in-law. charging her with

murder in the first degree in admin-
istering poison to her husband, Henry
keio’, who died in terrible agony
on Wodnesday after eating some soup

given to bim by his wife

A young man, Albert Wilhelm, who boarded
at Feloff'a house awainst the latter’s wishes,
created trouble between the husband and wife.
The young man palit Mrs. Egloff marked atten
tion and she openly made muchof him, [t ja
said that Mes. Keloff poisoned her husband in
order ‘hat she might marry Wilhelm. He will
probably be arrested and charged with com-
piieiiy in the crime. He has disappeared,

Mrs. Eeloff was arraigned before the Police
Justice at Corfu at 6 P.M. She pleaded not
guilty and was beld for the Grand Jury, She
wie composed when arrested, but became hye-
terical on the way to Corfu and exclaimed ¢
the Sheriff: “I will hang myself before I wi
Ko to the chair!”

$a eee

BROOKLYN'S EMERALD BILL.
Admiral Dewey and Mrs. Dewey to Be Kee
corted to the Hall by Troop C,

It is expected that the ball of the Brooklyn
Emerald Society at the Academy of Music next
Wednesday night will be the most brilliant ia
ite history, Admiral Dewey and his wife are
coming to Brooklyn as the guests of Capt.
Frank Wilde, who fs in charge of the iv
Yard in the absence of Rear Admiral Philip,
and will be escorted, with Capt, and Mrs,
Wilde, from the Navy Yard tothe Acad-my of
Musle by Troop C, under command of Capt

Preliminary to the ball there witl
be a drill by the boys’ battalion of St. John's
Home and the dancing of a hornpipe by eighty
juvenile bluejackets,

DOSN'T WANT BRYAN AT BROWN,

 

President Faunce Reads a Lecture to the
Debating Union,

Provipence, Feb. 3.—-Prosident William H.
P. Faunce of Brown University has returned
from his Western trip. In addressing the
students in the chapel yesterday he referred
tothe Brown Debating Union's attempt to get
William J. Bryan to mase a speech to th
students Jast Monday. Dr. Faunee declare
his antagonism fo any such recognition of any
politician or polities! eread, whether Bryaniam
orany other ism, and gave the im pression that
if he hal been here at the time the Debating
Union would not have invited Col, bryan to
visit Brown.

 

Bryan's Lecture Here Monday Night.

The Hon, William J. Bryan will deliver a

lecture on “Pen ting Problems,” on Wednesday
nightin Carnegie Musie Hall, An admission
fee will be charged, and the proeaeds of tho
lecture will bo given to Winfleld Scott Hancock
Post 250, ofthe G, ALR,

‘om 7

** Breaks up”

COLDS

An Open Winter.

An open Winter is not without its terrors
for those who do not use Dr. Humphreys’
Specifics. Jn the East wind lurks Grip and
Colds (“broken up” by 77"), In the
dampness Rheumatism (15 " is the cure).
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Weak Stomach
are especially prevalent in Winter (cured
by 10"), Humphreys’ Specifics furnish @
cure for each aud every ailment, Ail drug
stores sell them 25c¢. a bottle,

We have a few copies of Dr. Humphreys*
Specifle Manual—Edition de Luxe—white
and gold—to send free on request; addres

Humphreys’ H
Ww evonie ne Medicine Os, Coa,

 

 

 

= ee