~

 

 
 

LADYSMITH’S VAIN HOPE,

te

EXPRCTED BULLBK TO Br SUCCESS
FUL AT OULENSO,

  

 

Dismay in the Bealeged Town When News
of His Defeat Was Posted—Plague of
Fites Adds to the Discomfort of the
Blege-Letters From Methuen's Camp
Throw New Light on the Free State Boers
General of ‘Ice and Iron’? Needed.

Lonpon, Jan, 24.—The letters from Lady-
amith tn the last mail to reach England show
that (t fe easier to imaging than describe the
dismay and disappolotment in the beleaguered
town when Buller failed to cross the Tugela
when he made his first disastrous attempt at
the battle of Colenso, On Deo. 19 the Times
correspondent writes:

“All had made up thelr minds that the period
of enforced inactivity waa at anend, We were
proud to think that we should beable to meet
the relieving troops with the little histories of
our own regarding the Gun and Burprise Hill
batteries. No one for a moment imagined
that the southern force would be anything
but succesaful. On Dec. 12 a heavy firing had
been heard tn the direction of Colenso, while
on the following day the pickets on Cwsar’s
Camp and Wagon Hill had seen the smoke
made by the bursting shrapnel,
waited for news-waited breathlessly for or-
dere to be givento the Flying Column, com-
posed of the Devonshire and Manchester reg-
imente and the Gordon Highlanders, to leave
camp tocomplete the devastation which the
southern force had bogun. Men and women
congratulate! themselves in the streets when
they heard that one of our heavy guns had
been sent to Wagon Hill to cover the move-
ment of the Flying Culumn,

“Day dawned, and with the advent of the
sun the big gun on Bulwana opened 4 spiteful
fire. Twenty-one rounda were fired into the
town. The Boers had remembered the salute
which we had fired on tho Prince of Wales's
birthday. Grimly, on Dingaan’s Day, they
returned the salute. And with effect, for there
were three fatal casualties from the fre.

“Still the garrison congratulated itsel’, This
salute was but the song of the dying swan, In
a fit bravado the enemy had flred Into us bee
fore removing the gun to escape the advance
from the south. A story came in from Ine
tombi Camp that the Boers had sent a number
of wounded Dutch fortreatment, Excitement
ran high, anda speculative photographer cir-
culated a notice to the effect that now the siege
was practically at an end he woula be happy
totakea mass group of the civillans who had
survived, But on Saturday night a sinister
order appeared. Tho batteries attached to
the Flying Columu were sent back to their
positions on the line of defences

“On the morrow the following general order
was published tothe warriaon:

“The General Officer Commanding the Natal

Fie d Foree regrets to have to announce that |

Gen. Sir Redvers Buller failed to make good
hia first attack on Colenso; reénforcementsa
will not, therefore, arrive here aa early as was
expected, Sir George White ta confident that
the defence of Ladysmith will be continued by
the garrison tp the same spirited manner aa it
has hitherto been conducted until the General
Officer Commanding in Chief in South Africa
does relieve It.

“The news was received with blank dismay.
The disappointment was overwhelming.”

The Ladysmith letters chiefly tell of events
that have been well covered by cable, Here
area few Incidents of the night attack on Sur-
prise Hil), when a party from Ladysmith, at
the cost of fifty-nine killed, wounded and
missing, destroyed a howltzer belonging to
the Boers:

“It {a believed that the forca sent to repel
the attack was composed mainiy of the
Foreign Legion. An American lying wounded
on the hillside waved a sheet of paper and ex-
claimed: ‘Do not touch this paper. Let me
die {n peace.’ An Irishman flung himself
madly upon the bayonets, with a shout that
he would strike one more blow againat
England.

“A Boer rifleman, who appeared to share the
belief common among his countrymen that a
flag of truce and a ory of surrender cover flight
and insure safety, when they have fired the
last shot and are in imminent danger of death,
emptied his magazine at arauge of ten yards,
and then calmly observed to his chosen victim,
‘l surrender.’ He willhaveno further oppor-
tunity of putting into practice these peculiar
views as to the liabilities of a combatant.

“A more pleasant incident {ts told by Capt,
Paley, who was wounded ani lying helpleas on
the slope. A young Boercame up, and was
about to give him the coup de grice when a
burgher interfered to prevent an act of cold-
blooded murder,”

On Dec. 12 the Standard’s correspondent
writes from Ladysmith: “Our horses and oxen
have suffered, the supply of fodder being ox-
hausted, and the limited area of grazing
ground having been cropped to the last blade,
Groceries have run out; pure water is scarce;
whiskey sel!s at 35s. a Lottie, and milch cows
are commandeered for beef. These are real
andtrying discomforts, but more oppressive
than all the hardships we endure {athe dread.
ful monotony of the slege. We have ceased
to take any interest in shells, and even the
most timid no longer walk up the street
to see the damage done by one of Long
Tom's best efforts, The opportunities for
active exercise are = restricted, and a
gallop on horseback is possible only under
shrapnel or common shell, There might ap-
pear to be one resource left, and that {a tosleep
the time peacefully away. Even this consola-
tion ts denied, for Ladysmith \s afflicted with a
plague of files more terrible that any that op-
pressed the Egyptians They doscend upon us
in clouds—nolsy, voracioua, stinging pesta, at-
tacking every exposed part of the body with
ceaseless energy, boldness and unflinching de-
te nination, Every dish on the table is black
with these torments, so that (tis often literally
impossible to see the food or tocarry It to the
mouth w'thoutthe risk of swallowing scoresof
the poisonous {nsects,”

 

The letters from Modder River are more
numerous than those from any other part of
South Africa, One point noticed fn nearly all
of them hardly needs further comment. This
ia the want of ‘'a lightly horsed, lightly armed
brigade of mounte! men,” coupled with some
such remarks as the following: "The great
strength of the Boer armaments must he
astonishing every one, Hereat Magersfontein
their guns rival our naval 4.7 In range and
accuracy of fire, and but for our naval gune
and howltzers our artillery would be out-
classed,”

Tho Times correspondent sends some Inter-
esting extracts from the diary of a Boer
prisoner, The writer,a man of some promi-
nence, had been commandeered in October,
and Immediately sen! his wife to Cape Town
for safety. Leaving Johannesburg on Nov. 2,
the writer made hia way to Bloemfontein, being
welcomed and offered refreshmenta at every
stopping place along the route by women and
children. He remarks, almost as though sur-
prised, the enthusiasm felt by the Free State
After an interview with President Steyn he
made his way to the Boer Iaager at Donker.
hoek (Donkerpoort), near Norvals Pout, where
he found the Boers dally engaged in athletic
sports and nightly in meetings of their debat-

ing society, singing and prayer, With
a ‘religious service they seem alao to
begin the day at 4:30 o'clock when in

fixed camp, followed by coffee at 5. Of drill
or military exercise there seems little or none
beyond what is necessary for the construction
of intrenchments aod the sentries and am.
munition guards at night
Shortly after the commando moved weate
warda to Belmont, and the rapidity with whieh
the work of striking camp was done caused
the writer to makea note, “Itissimply marvel.
lous how quickly Boers do everything.” The
Belmont skirmish of the 10th was the only in-
cident of the warol which hesays anything be-
fore reaching Pauresmith, At Jagersfontein
he sawthe sword! belonging to Leut. Vietor
Brouke, to whose gallantry he pays a frank
tribute, hoping that “he will reeover from hia
@ Wounds.” Commandant Van der Merwe sent
the sword to his wife, telling her to give it to

  

Then we |

 
   

 

any relations of Lieut, Brooke that should
olaim it,

“Lam more impreseed than ever by the won-
derfully fair and manly spirit shown by the

of Britain's power and thetrown smal! chance
of victory, ie really astonishing to one who has
till now seen the worst side of Boer nature. It
is the conviction of the justice of their cause
and their etrong belief in the help of the Al-
mighty that make them such dangerous foes.
Every Boer fights for what he rightly or
wrongly considers his liberty and country, and
if he perseveres he will be most diMoult to
beat; but it has yet to be proved if he pos-
sexnes the required stamina for prolonged
war,”

Rain fell in torrents on the night of Nov. 20,
and concerning this he writes: “I thank God
thatthe rain je falling; many of them take this
as another aign of the Almighty’s favor of our
cause. The pasturage will be excellent ina
few weeks, andthe emoty dama replenished:
on the other hand It will also enable the enemy
to move a big body across the desert country be-
tween this and Kimberley.”

The nextentry, which is also worth nottoe,
runaas follows: “Early thie morning the off-
cers of this laager came into our tent; we dis-
cussed the war and the result of it, and I was
again struck with the marvellously fair and
manly way these men look at it; many of them
expressed great regret at having to shoot inno-
cent soldiers, and the few here who have al-
ready been under fire do not boast of having
shot so many soldiers.”

This, too, ie fall of interest: “Another thing
that etruok me in the Boer character {s the
absolute fear he has before the fight and the
cool and collected way he behaves when in it.
When our laager left Kaffir River we expected
to bein actionin a few daye’ time: the resa't
was that out of our lot of 200 men over fifty ap-
plied to the doctor fora ‘sick’ certificate, Only
one auch was granted, so about 25 per cent. of
our men funked it; thie, I am told, happens
with every commando, but it has been proved
in many Instances already that the very men
who pretended sickness when there was 4
chance of meeting the enemy were the plucki-
est and coolest when un er fire.”

Here he comments upon the cheerfulness
with which the Free Staters accepted the hard
shipsof their bivouac. The water was bad
and sometimes there was no food, but every-
thing was taken with contentment and even
laughter. Commenting on these notes, the cor-
respondent says:

“These extracts are valuable as showing
the attitude taken by an intelligent man
toward the shortcomings as well as the guod

qualities of our onemy, He is never
bitter against tho English and it {fs
more than probable that his capture

was not unwelcome to him; but the few ex-
tracts here given will do more than many
words to show his appreciation of the Free
Stater before the latter had come into contact
with Cronje and the Transvaalers, Thereisa
good deal of evidence to show that the charac-
terofthe war spirit of the smalier republic
has altered lately, and that the military Inde-
pendence of the Free Staters has been lost, the
hand of Cronje now stretching from Mafeking
yn the north to Stormberg on the south,
though his present work at Magersfontein has
prevented his taking over in person any of his
duties on the southern border.”

It must, however, be remembered that the
evidence of friction between Transvaalers and
Free Staters rests as yet on very shadowy
foundations. There {sa good deal of the “they
say” aboutit. Many of the statements come
from men who have voluntarily given them-
selves up to the British, and from the same
source come the stories of the Boers being
whipped to the battle, being starving and sick
ofthe war. The evidence of a deserter must
alwaya be received with reserve, and only a
couple of days ago THE Sun's correspondent
enabled from &pearman’s Camp that prisonera
taken by Buller's troops after they had crossed
the Tuyela declared that Transvaal Boer and

| Free State Boer were still good friends, and

had no ideaof giving In even If they suffered
defeat.

 

The correspondent of the Daily News relieves
himself by a little open confession. Ho merely
saya what every one isnowconvinced of, but ha
putsit with feeling, as @ man who has seen
things.

‘The Boer,” he says. “has been underesti-
mated {individually and collectively, both as a
man and as food for powder, and the sooner
this is realized by Great Britain the better,
The oer ts not a kind of white savage, full of
foolish {deas concerning Great Britain and her
power, The average Boer with whom I have
come in contact knows a great deal more
about us and the forces at our disposal
than the best Informed staff officer on our
side knows about the Boers. The Boer
knows al! about our Navy and what that Navy
can do, He knows the gigantio proportions of
our national wealth, and is very wel! assured
that Great Britain will snend the last shilling
fn the Treasury before retiring from the con-
flict. He knows, too, that we havd myriads of
men, drilled and undrilled, to fall back upon.
He knows that we can, and will, roll those le-
gions over the African veldts, as waves roll
over the seaside shingle. He knows al! this,
and a good deal more, and he knew it perfectly
wel! before he commenced to fight. It has been
partofthe programme for the Boers to sham
ignorance, and they have fooled our clever of-
fleinis and globe trotters as men surely were
never fooled before. Now, what do we know
about them? Nothing, except what we learn
when we march upto drive them out of a posi-
tion; and how dearly are we paying for each
lesson! We pay foritin blood, !n money, and
in loss of prestige; for if the Boers are such
clownaasthey have #@ long been repraseutel to
be, how {9 {t that such men as Buller, Gatacra
and Methueop, backed by the grandest fighting
troops {n the world,can make no headway
against them! The Boers themselves are
firmly convinced that they can win in the long
run,

We have now to unearth !n the British Army
aman of commanding ability who will know
how to deal with the gigantic obstacles in front
of us. Such aman must be found, and, doubt-
less, will be found. Some say he is found al-
ready—that Lord Kitchener of Khartuum, the
man of ‘ice and iron,’ is the genius who will
know how to overreach Boer cunning, and turn
the burghers’ kopje strongholds Into prison
fastneases, Whoever he is, he will need to be
aman who knows howto sit down and wait
upon opportunity, He will have to pos-
sess patience passing the understanding of
man. He will need to bea magnificent organ.
izer, not only of men, but of materials, He
will have to know when to husband, with nig-
gard care, every human life under his com-
mand, and when to throw lives away as reck-
lessly as ever did the first Napoleon. He will
have to be an ‘ice and fron’ man, one who js
never swayed by impulse or by passion, and
never turned from his purpose by pity. A slow,
hard, unylelding man—one not overanxtious to
move mountainain a day, but who, when he
does move, does so with the rapidity of an
eagleon the wing. Overanxiety to prove tho
superiority of the British arms has been the
direetcause of all our defeats in South Africa,
What we so proudly applaud as brililant tray.
ery the enemy describes as jackass stupidity.”

 

Up to last night the British forces landed in
South Africa from England and the colonies
since Nov, # amount to 85,707 men, 13,390
horses, 6 machine and 174 fleld and other
guns. Taking a moderate estimate of the
British troops in South Africa before Noy. 9,
aud of the South African levies raised in the
last fow months, the total may be safely esti.
mated at 110,707 men, 10,390 horses, 83 ma-
chine and 230 fleld and other guns. These
figures do not allow for casualties, nor do
they take into account the Sixteenth Lancers,
recently Janded from India, and aoma 5,000
horses and 20,000 mules imported from India,
Australia, and North and South Amertea,
There are now at sea IX,570 men, 3,038
horses, § machine and 54 fleld and other guns,
These are on their way from Engiand, and
seven other transports are conveying horse,
foot and artillery from Canada and Australia,
An eighth division is mobilizing here, in ad-

 

dition to thousands of volunteer yoomanry and
infantry,

Writing from Cape Town on Jan. 3, the Times

eorres the aituationin Care
Free Btate Boer—the utter absence of all brag | pondent sume up - rt

or bounce, the quiet,, resigned way he speaks

Colony in the following paragraph:

“Perhaps the most important question at
fesue at the present moment is that of the
advisability of considerably extending the area
of martial Jaw behind the present narrow belt
in whioh it iaenforced, There can be no doubt
that the ordinary civil law is very inadequate
tosecure the prompt punishment of espionage
or seditious agitation. On the othor hand,
there are serious diMeulties Inthe way of tho
administration of martial law amid a popula- |
tion unaccustomed to authority, sturdily inde-
pendent, and eaver to find a grievance,
Our officers are, as 4 rule, ignorant
of the country aud of the ways of its
Inhabitanta, often unnecessarily abrupt tn
thetr demeanor, anitoo ready to think that
because aman can only speak Dutch and looks
lke a Boer he must be disloyal. The really
dangerous spies, the allb, slim young
Afrikander, who talke English as well as
an Englishman born, a8 & rule passes unsus-
pected. Much has been made bythe Dutch
of the behavior of our troops at Victoria
Weat about fourteen days ago, and there seems
no doubt that the Colonel then in command—
since transferred—was somewhat peremp-
tory in his demeanor and too ready to
call a Dutchman a rebel to his face, and
that one of the officers shot buck on a
farmer's land without his permission, Ac. |
Very much wos made of these mis-
takes, though they were, no doubt, not very
serious. But it {e difficult to get officers to
realize that, though a man may be a rebel in
his sympathies, it ia foolish to drive him into
open rebellion. On the whole, there is no rea-
son for regarding the situation as very unsatis-
factory. The colonial Dutch know well that
large rednforcements are comting out dally, and
they also know much better than we do the
other side of the picture, the diMfculties under
which the Boer forces are laboring, the dissen-
sions between the Free State and the Trans-
vaal, the lack of supplies, &c., and all these are
strong arguments in favor of keeping the
peace.”

EXPERIMENT IN HOUSE BUILDING.

 

To Construct a Group of Dwellings With a
Common Light and Heating Plant.

“The Girard Estate in Philadelphia i soon to
try an experiment which I have often thougnt |
would prove successful in New York,” said %
real estate dealer, “and [ have no doubt but
that it will be tried here some day. Every
man who owns a housoin New York and who
has even given the subject any thought knows
that there {sa lot of waste in the running of it |
which might be saved if he combined re-
sources with hisneighbors, The Trustees of |
the Girard Fatate are going to demonstrate
that fact. They propose to build a block of
dwellings near Girard Park In the southern |
part of the city which wil! be furnished with
light and heat from acentral plant for a com-
paratively small addition to the rent and I be-
lieva that they can do {t with profit. Thera |
will be small garden plots in front of these |
houses and the estate will also take care of
them.

“The Americans are an extravagant people in
the way in which they live, Several years ago,
when I spent part of a year in Paris, I had the
fact brought home to me. For instance, 4
French family whose income would permit |
them in this country to live comfortably in a
moderate priced flat will, in Paria, save money
for other purposes by living in three or four
rooms and using acommon kitchen with haifa
dozen other families, At first thisstruck me
as a very miserly way of existing, but after
seeing something of the home life of a family
Hving in thisway I was forced to confess that
they were quite as comfortable as they would

have been in a New York flat and their dinners
were better, We are behind the times here
in the matter of economic housekeep-
ing. Why ehould not a block of houses
owned by the same estate, aud there are many
such, have a common heating and lighting
plant and possibly a common laundry and
kitchen? The common kitehen would pot ap
peal at first to the average housekeeper, but
think of {ts advantages. There would be no
odor of cooking in the house and in the sum-
merno heat from the kitchen, The objections
to {teould be overcome, | believe, if its advan-
tages could be demonstrated know of one
estate {n Brooklyn which has invested a large
amount of money in modern houses which
rent for from $35 to $50 a month, and which
has done aomething toward advaneirg the
community-of-interest idea, For instance, it
employs, regularly, paper hangers, painters
and pa pert whose services are at the de-

 

 

mand of the tenanta,

“Good real estate is one ofthe very best in-,
vestmenta in New York and T am surprised
that none of the wealthy investors tn has
never seen the advantages of the plan whieh
the Girard Fstate ia going to teat, heard not

long ago that a company of English capitalists
had agents in this city looking fora chance to
build some model apartment houses. Theses
agents were considering buying four blocks in
the heart of the Tenderloin which are now

oecupied by cheap tenements and worse
and coustructing on them haide
some apartment houses whieh should |
surround a private park. This would

mean the regeneration of a nelgborhood that
has for years been looked upon as hopeless for
good residences. Ifthe men who are looking
for real estate investments would show some
originality of fjeas and an inelination to caten
up with the times their profits would be surer
and the lot of theirtenants would be happier
The men who buid houses for investment
makethe great mistake of coustructing just
the same acrt of houses that have been build.
ing in New York for twenty vears past. Every
other sort of industry has far surpassed that of
housebullding in its improvements, The
Girard Estate will aive a big object lesson in
its block of Philade!phia houses.”

GARDINER IS BACK,
This Week He'll Take Charge of His Own
Defence and the B, RK. T. Prosecutions,

Distriet Attorney Gardiner was at his office
in the Criminal Courts building yesterday. He
said that he intended to go right to work on
Tuesday defending himself before Cominia-
sioner Wileox on the City Club charges and
would also take charge of presenting evidence
of illegal stock-jobbing to the Special Grand
Jury which ia to be convened on Monday, Col,
Gardiner’s brother was with him yesterday and
said that the apparently healthy flush on the
prosecuting oMcer’s face was giving his family |
much uneasiness as they felt sure he was not
aweil man yet, Col, Gardiner said himself
that he felt well enough.

Regarding the Special Grand Jury's proposed
Investigation along the lines of the December
presentment on the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
scandals Col, Gardiner said that ou Jan, 24 he

wrote to Sheehan & Collin, the railroad com-
pany's lawyers, impressing upon them the
importance of elving the Distriet Attorney's
office all evidence of conspiracy to affect the
price of the company’s stock, Col, Gardiner
pointed toa pile of papers.en his desk and said
that there was something for the Special Grand
Jury to consider, even if nothing eis» came

A consultation between Messra Sheehan and
Delancey Nicoll, another Proo.iyn Rapa Tran.
sit attorney, was arranged jor late yesterday,
After this consultation one of the lawyers said
that the apprehension that there was disap-
pointment in store tor the District Attorney's
offve and the Speeinl Grand Jury, because
after all the fuas there is really very little evi-
dence to offer, was ill-founded,

Col. Gardinerwould pot confirm or deny a story
that Samue! Untermeyerand Bourke Cockran |
had been retained to defend him. on the
charges against him, He did say that he would
manage hia defence himaelf, though he might
have legal nasistance besides that furnished by
Assistant Distriet Attorney Melatyre.

 

CoOL.

OPENING OF HEMP PORTS,

Col. Kobbe Meets With Opposition bute
Drives the Insurgents Into the Mountains,

WasHINnoton, Feb, 3.-Gen, Otis cabled the
War Department to-day a report on the open-
ing of the hemp ports by Col, Kobbe's expe-
dition in Cebu. He says:

“Kobbe reports from Cebu the occupation by |
troops of Ca'bayoc, Catbalogan in Samar, |
and Vacioban in Leyte, There was opposition
at these threo points. The Inaur@ents en-
deavored to burn Calbayoe and Catbalogan, but
Without suceess, except very silght destrue-
tion in the last town, when the flre waa pur out
by the troops, Kobbe diove the insurgents |
under Gen. Lukban into the mountains, caps |
turinga large arsenal, powder house, Lak ban's |
baggage and money aodall hisartiliery, At
Tacloban the insurgent loss in killed was |
ten No easualties on our side, Kobbe cap-
tured at all points thirty pieces of artillery, a
fr many rifles, stores and ammunition,

44rg@ quantities of hemp were seized by
obbe, Thirty merchant vessels are engaged
so franeporting the same to Cebu an iia. |

_ THE SUN,

CLARK BRIBERY INQUIRY.

WITNESSES SUMMONED BY CONTRST-
ANTS USED BY THE DEFENOR,

 

They Swore That They Made AMdavite
Against Clark Which Were Untrue and
Were Pald For by Contestants’ Coase,
Who Also Knew That They Were Untrue
-Counsel Deny This Testimony but Will
iiave to Repeat the Denial Under Oath,

Wasnrsaton, Feb, 3.—The Senate Committee
on Privileges and Elections to-day continued
ita Investigation of the charges of bribery In
the election of Senator Clark of Montana. Dur-
ing the month or more {n which the case has
been going on all the evidence tendered has
been on the side of those prosecuting the
charges. The testimony for the defence began
yesterday, and it waa the concurrent opinion
ofall who heard it that it was quite up to the
standard of loose swearing that any of the
prior witnesses had established.

Mr. Faulkner, counsel for Senator Clark, said
that two witnesses had been summoned on the
other side, but had not been examined, He
would like to examine them on his side.

L. L. Wright, one of the witnesses referred
to, was sworn and told this story, as followa:

“T Hive in Missoula, Mont, I am a watch-
maker and keep a second-hand furniture store,
I never had an agreement with Mr. Rector
to meet him alone, with a view of seeing him
pay money to a member of the Legislature.”
{As had been sworn to by Rector)

Mr, Faulkner—~Were you present, as Mr.
Nector said you were, when Mr, Steel was pay-
ing some money out to Jackson, a member of
the Legislature? A. I was not,

Mr. Faulkner—Did you have any relations
with Ben Hillin relation to this caso? If so
state what occurred,

Witness -Hill talked to me several times in
August and September last about the Daly fac-
tion trying to get evidence todisoar Mr Well-
come, Aboutthe last of Oetober Hill came to
me in a cigar store and introduced me toa man
with him as Mr. Little, Mr. Campbell's private
secretary, ‘Mr. Campbell is the leading coun-
fel for the contestants.) Tealled Hill aside and
asked him who the man was. He sald “He's
aliright. He is Mr. Campbell's private secre-
tary, Theyare around trying to get evidence
todisbar Wellcome.” I said, “Why doea he
come to me?” Ha said,” You need not be afraid
of him, Ha will do you no harm.” I said,
“IT do not think muoh of him.” Then
we all three walked to the Florence Hotel
together, Little and I went into the billlard
room and then into the ecard room. I told
him some few things and asked him if such
evidence would beany goodtohim. He said
that certainly it was, I asked him how much
it was worth. Hosail: “lL ecannottalk that way
to you.” After an hour or 60 I went home,
Next day Hi!! came around and said; “Here, if
you make out an affidavit and swear to it re-
gardlessof what is in it, we'll give you $100
for your af_ldavit.” LItold him i would think
of it, I thought it over till Hill came back
again that night. Taald to him: “I will tell you
whatIl wilido, I will maxe out an affidavit,
and you and Littlecan help me and make it as
strong aa you havea mind to, I will receive
$150 for the affidavit, and before I testify $100

must be placed in your hands for me.” Tha
day before IL went to the private oMce
of Mr Steff, and he started to make out

edly gacreny I said “If guess that will do,”
And 7 folded it up and put itin my pocket and
Went out, On the evening of Nov, 2 Hillcame
around again and we went over to the Florence
Hote! and saw Mr, Little there, and we three
went over to Dr, Minchall’sa oMve. Little and [
started to make out the afiidavit whieh Mr,
Camptell has now. Mr. Little did not think it
quite strong esough and Hill sat down and
wrote a jot more to it. making it stronger, I
swore to itand paid $1 for it myself, We went
evertothe hotel wed Hill said he had not the
mone) te nym t nen He fuatiod srouni and
Fant th the Hotel Florence.» none” nt mF

The Chairman—What did you do with the

affidavit’

Witness~I turned it over to Mr. Hill. Hill
made outa reosips for, $150 ond said that he
woul! giva me the balance io the morni
Next day Hill told ine he had given $UB0tD Ie
Minchail to let his wife go ast. So 1 kteked
for another $100 and Hill gave it to me and I
made out another receipe for $250,

‘The afidavit spoken of was one in whieh the
Withess swore to very damaging circuinstunceas

   

Against the Ciark side. It was read to the
committee by Mr Faukner, who then asked
the witness: “Isthat statement true or falae?”

  

Mh. ithness—Itisfalse, and Hill knew it
he

Q What oeeurred
testify inthe We
by the prosecution

WY Why? A They knew I was promisec
A1.000, and that [TE would not contite Cae
they cid not pay up the $1,000, L asked Mr
Whitesile aboutitand he said: A thousand
dollars tn your hands wonld te worth twenty
thousand to Clark and weecould not afford it,"

QY Whatdid that maan’ A. Tt meant that I
conld sell my testimony for $20,000,

YY. Dit Dr. Minchail get any money for testi-
fying he‘ore the Supreme Court? A. The day
a'terhe testified Mr. Hill, Dr, Minehall, Wr.
Cowan ond myself were standing on the steps

at the

I did not
I was not calied

after that? A.
come case,

  

of Dr. Minchall’s house. © We went into a room
and Mr, Hill took @ rotlof money out of his
pocket and sni “Dr Inehali, here
iso your money,’ and he gave him $300,
two fiftvedolle bills and = flve twen v-
dollar bills, © He mild: “The @ people ape
airnging us. T want you to jet me hold this

money tor you, and | wiillet you have money
enough to go home,”

( Whatdid he mean by stringing you? A
That they would not) but up the money
whieh they had) promiged, Dr. Minchail said
he had supposed there was $1,000 for him

On cross-examination witness said he worked
in Helena tor Mr Clark.

QW. Have you been in polities? A, Yes: Drun
for office three or four times and was aiwags
beate: ;

W. Are you a Democrat in polities? A, Iam.
‘Laughter

senator Burrows—Did you intend to lead
eounsel to understand that you would testify
for $10,000, A, Yes

Ben Hil whom the last witness had
spoken so much) waa next ealled. He had
been summoned on the part of the contestant,
but asthe counselon that side deelined to eall
vim he was puton the stand by counsel of Sen-

 

 

 

  
    

ator Clark. He gave his nee as 40, his resi.
denee as Missoula, Mont., and hia oe upation
aan neer of the Wells Pargo Company,
contraetor, woo fchopper, teameter and miner
He spoke of having done work at some of
Mr Clork’s mines, for which. Clark had
gven him «a cheek for ) Like

r
the ast witness he had prepared and sworn to
analidavit giving in much detail an account of
hos activitvin bribing members of the Legiala-
ture in the interestol Mr Clark, and relating
imaginary conversations with Sepator Clark in

which he deelared his fetermination to bea
Senatoratany cost. This oMidavit was read tn
faulloy Mr Faulkner, attera statement by the

witness that ithad been wr tten inthe presence
of Mr. Campbell and Mr. Whiteside, attorneys
forthe Daly side. Alter the reading the chairs
man suggested that Mr. Faulkner contine nis
questions to the point that Campbell and
Whiteside had reason to believe at thattime
that the statements made inthe affidavit were
false

Witnesa apoke of a recent affidavit made by
him contradictory of the first and of which he
hadgiven Mr. Campbell acopy. He said that
within amonth, atter he made the Jong affl-
davit he had begun marking out portions of it,
ip Campbell's presenee, and had continued that
rightalong tila month ago, when he turned it
overin Washington to Campbed. There was
very littie left of it then, He would ile to
Campbell and Campbell would lie back to him.
(Laughter

Mr, Faulkner-State whether that affidavit,
aa | have read it, is true or false?

Witnesa—It is falee

Q. Is there any part of {tt which you ean
designate as true? A. Only such portions
where Laneak of meeting this man or that man
andtalking withhim, Campbell and Whiteside
would be always anxious as to what was sald,
and Ttoid them what they liked aeeording to
so much as they paidime,

At this point Senator Hoar interposed, say-
ing thatthe witness could not be treated by
any human being a8 & source of teatimong
which could be be ieved The only point in
the matier was aud it Was 4 serious one) how
the wentiomen representing the remonstrants
had cealt with bins

Mr. Faulkner-That is what [ am trying to
getat

Senator Hoar—You ought not to be re-
atrained in that; but IL do not see how this
witness helps you. What he states ean be of
no value to anv one

Nevertheless witness started of again and
roved out another string of Ss ores concerning
the promises uid payment of money to him-
seilfand others who had made similar affl-
davitatohisown, Heaspoke of his being sent
for to testify before the Supreme Court and
sending back the anawer, "Tell the Supreme
Court peopie to goto hell” When Whiteside
asked’ bim why he had not gone he aad he
“woubl be a damued fool if he did’

Mr. Faulkner> When, at any time did you
astute, either to Campbell or Whiteside, that the
stateme: ts contained in vour aMidavit were
not true, if you ever made sucha starement

The Witness (confidentially) — Why, Mr
Faulkner, Campbell called me a tiara thousand
times, and [called him a liar right back 6
oe tome like a dowandl lied to him, That

wue, Hecomes here under the guise of

 

 

 

a
eee ee

Congressman, bat he ia just as dirty as I am,

and he knows it,
_ The Chairman—Mr. Faulkner, we will a+
journo right here, ueh ork

The committee then took a recess.

The committee held a long executive #es-
siou and when the doors were reopened and
the crowd of spectators had got seate or atand-
ing room, Hill was further examined. & said
that 4! the persons who had made davi
(like hisown) Wright had been paid $450 an
Mivchall $300, Collina had also been paid |
gums of $20 and $40, and two sume of $50 and
$25 by Campbell. Since that time Collins ha
pean working on the Anaconda mine owned by

| Witness went on with a long story about
Oampbell and Whiteside paying money to him
and three othera who had made affidavits. He
spoke of a conversation with Campbell ie
which Campbell, after giving him $200 or $250,
sald he would want him to go to Washington,
and in which witness said: “Itiano use. You
know that paper of miue is not true, and there
is no use in your taking me down there.”

Mr. Faulkner—Do you know where all this
money came from?

Witness—The only way I can answer that is
from the conversations that L had with White-
side and Campbell, They lad me to believe
that Marcus Daly was putting up the money.
Whiteside said to me, “Marcus Daly never lim-
ited ns; but at the same time he never gave us
any specific amount of money,”

ND Anawer to questions by ti r. Faulkner, wit-
ness spoke of aconversation he had had with
Rector(one of the witnesses for the remon-
strants),in which he “joshed’ Rector abou
his testimony befng so long and Rector sald, ”
might as well come out, becanse there was
nothing in ft and no one belleved it.”

Q Do you know whether Kector was pald
any money?’ A. Hetold me he was to get $500
to come here and testify.

Y, Did you have any further conversation
with Mr. Campbell, after your discharge as @
witness? A, Yes; I met Mr. Campbeli at his
hotel last Saturday evening and he told me to
go bone and to make no more etatements, and
that if I wanted meorl to get home he wou
giveittome. He said, very promise that
made you I will keep.”

On cross-exumination by Mr. Campbell, the
Witness sald he had never received a dollar
from Mr. Clark. He had received $61 from
Mr. W alleome,

Q. What was that money paid to youfor? A,
Just for working round there like a good
fellow. Ido not know that I tried to influence
any one to vote for Mr, Clark, except Meyers.

Q And were you paid $800 forthat? A. It
Was paid tomes for going to Helena and doing
anything Tcould to help in the election of Mr.
Ciark, [tried to push tt alone.

Q. Are you getting anything for testifying
before this committee? A. Nota dollar,

Y. You have not been promised anything?
A. Notanickel, poradime, [have not had 5
in my pocket for two weeks,

In reply to questions by Senator Burrows,
the witness said he had dictated the affidavit
to Mr, Liitle, and that Little had copied iton a
typewriting machine, It had occupied a day
antahalfortwo days. Campbell and White-
side were present, and they made up the con-
versations as related fn the affidavit together,
They bad as much to do with itas he had.

Ibo witness having been released Mr. Camp-
bell made this statement to the Committe as
counsel:

“The statement made by Mr. Lyon yestere
day, as to my offering him money for teatl-
mony before this committee, is absolutely and
unconditionally untrue. I did talk with Mr.
Lyon. He had made a statement as to what he
knew and Lasked him to verify it. He started
to verity itan’ I paid him $300 for hia ex-
penses and tima while trying to verify it, In
regard to Mr. Hill’s statement, he came tomy
office and started In to write the affidavit him-
self. Aftera while he said he could not very
well doit, as he wanted to go home, He asked
Mr, Little, my seeretary, to doit. [was pres-
ent part ofthe time, but Mr, Whiteside was not
there at all. Hill made the statement from his
own memory, and not at any inatigation from
meatal!l, Hill toid me be thought he could get
& statement from Drs. Minchall and Wright,
and L told bim to go and doso if he could, and
I sent Mr. Little with him for that purpose,
Mr. Little came back and told me he had drawn
two drafts on mea for $150 for Hill and Mine
ehall, Ltold him he should not have done so,
and that it was impossible for us now to use
them as witnesses, I have never paid Hill ano
money for doing anything wrong or crooked
never asked him to testify to anything that was
hot absolutely true, [told him and every
other witness brought here that I did not want
anything but the truth,

The Chairman—When did you first have reas
eon to believe that the statements furnished to
you were untrue?

Mr. Campbell—The Sunday after this Invest.
igation began. He went in to talk with Mr,
Birney, and when Mr, Birney came out he said
that some of the facts set forth in the affidavit
which Hill made, he said_now, were not true,
and we decided not to use Hill asa witness,

Mr. Birney. another of the counsel for the
remonstrants, made a statement of his inter-
course with Hill, He said:

“T was emp oyed in this matter two days be-
fore the hearing commenced, On Sunday ev.
ening, the day after the opening, Vr. Campbell
requested me to meet Hill and others. We _re-
thred to an inner room and [talked with Hill.
I did not then have the affidavit in my posses-

 

sion, but Ll did have @ reduction of ft. With
that paper in my hand [ went over
it, line by line and phrase by = phrase,
with Hill, and made the eorrections

which he sugested, The alterations are
here inmy handwriting. Dart ofthe matter he
told me tostrike out, That.ia the paragraph
relating toatripmade by Welloome and Hill
tothe railroad station where (according to this
statement) they got a valise With money in it
He told me to atrike thatout, and Pdidao. The
other toaterial statements containe! in the
affidavit were allafirmed by iim, L told Hill
be'ore | examined him that [ wanted the whole
truth. and nothing but the trath, He told. me
that Mr Campbell had said the same to him,
Treported the result of this Interview to Mr,
Campbell, Hillexpressed to me a great deatra
to be relieved from testifying in chief, saying
that he would make us a splendid witness in
retutta, In conference with my assoctates
after that it was determined pot to call Hill,
as weeould not rely on anything he might say,
He did nottellmeatany time that hin state.
ment was false; and T must say that I thought
that what he was telling me was true.”

Messrs. Camphell and Birney were informed
by the committee that they would have to tes-
tify to thelr statements as witnesses,

After hearing the testimony of P. T. Nore
moy'eand Ryan D. Burns in contradiction of
some of the testimony in chief, the committee
adjourned till Monaay,

PENSION COMMISSIONER HEARD,

He Denies Charges Made by ‘'Corporal”
Tanner and Others,

WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The examination of
Commissioner of Pensions Evans before the House
Committee on Invalid Penstons this morning
resulted, as one member anid, in “a dry haul.”
The examination covered such a large field and
the questions were so diversified, that at the end
one of the members requested that the notes of a
private stenographer present be printed, as it
would be impossible for the members of the com
mittee “to carry all this in their heads.”

Mr. Evans said be thought the time had arrived
fora revision of the pension laws, as there had been
so many decisions that it was time to find out
wherethey stood. ‘Therefore he had recommended
a commission for the revision of the laws, which
he thought could report to Congress at the next
session

Representative Driggs referred to Corporal Tan
ner'scharge that the examiners were instructed
to inquire into the chastity of women applying
for pensions. Mr. Evans read his instructions

to examiners forbidding them to ask indelicate
questions. He denied all the charges of this
nature

Mr. Evans insisted that there were ten mistakes
against the G vernment to one against the nen

sioner. When the mistake was against the Gov
erpment it was lostin the files, but when the pen-
ajoner Was Wronk 1 his case was immer tlely re

opened. In this way the country heard of all the
mistakes agoinst the penstoner and of none

against the Government He thought the time

had arrived when previous service in the Con.
federacy should no longer bea bar toa pension
for service the Union Army

Representative Sulloway thought if the Con
federa's sho later enlisted in the Union Ary

 
 

were made pensionable, the Union soldiers wiio
served in the Confederate armies to escape from
death in prisons should also have a pensional le
status

Representative Minor of Wisconsin perpetrated
a bull by wanting to know “if those soldiers who
were starved (0 death in rebel prisons and enlisted
in the rebel armies to save their lives” were to ba
given pensions

Represeafative Smith concluded the hearing
by inquiring ttt were true that claims on account
of service inthe Spanish War Were being held ul

“There is ahs Vutely not one word of truth in
1," replied Mr Evans. “At the ouibreak of the
war Linstracled the chiefs of the bureau to take up
the claims on account of the Spanish war and
advance them over the others pending ”

Mr bevans sald that the charge bad been made
that claims for amputation had been delayed
This charge he emphatically denied, saying that
(here bad not been more than fifty amputations
from the Spanish war and the war in the Philip
th There had been twenty-three amputations
in the Spanish war, of which eleven had been loss
of fingers

Puerto Rico Labor Delegates Here.

Santiago Iglesias and Edourdo Condé, dele-
gates from the Socialist Labor party of Puerto

| }iico, arrived here yesterday and were met by

a committee of Socialists, They have cre-
dentials from the bricklayers’, carpenters’ and
laborers’ unions 4s well aa from the 8. L, P. of

Puerto Rico. They started originally for New
York toatrend the recent enaventinn of briek-
layers in Rochester, but they were delayed by
astorm and the vessel on which they sailed
ony reached this port yesterday. The two
delewates will Visit several labor bodies to-day
‘hey say that though nearly all the trades are
organized In Puerto Rico, they want to organ-
ize them more thoroughly and wish to get
some pointe {rom the New York unions,

the gunboat Vixen sailed from Ke

Speers eeersaen

ooaling at

AND Ne

 

 

PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND

Take Paine’s Celery Compound when the nerves,
brain and physical strength of the body are
exhausted by overwork and climatic changes.

'It makes rich blood and restores nerve energy.

Paine’s Celery Compound has helped thousands
of people. Read our strong testimonials,

A Household Medicine

     

HOUSE PROCEEDINGS,

 

Indian Appropriation Bill Passed—Refusal
to Reverse Schou! Policy,

Wasninatos, Feb. 3.—The Indian Appro-
priation Bill forthe year 1001 was passed by
the House to-day after four days’ considera-
tion. Aneffort was made by Mr. Fitzgerald
(Dem,, N. Y.), to reverse the school policy uf
Congress, announced in 1885 and practically
repeated every year since, and secure & con-
tinuanee of the contract system for educating
Indian youth, but it recefved no support. A
provision in the bill ratifying the treaty with
Kiowa, Comanche and Apache tribes In Okla-
homa, anda paragraph appropriating $75,000
for the education of non-citizen children In
the Indian Territory were stricken out on
points of order.

The appropriation for the school at Carson
City, Nev., was increased from $30,550 to
$40,900, their being an attendance of 200
pupils there instead of 15v,

Authority was given in an amendment,
offered by Mr. Jones of Washington, and
adopted, to the Indians holding allotted lands
{n the Yakima reservation in that State, to
lease them for a period not exceeding ten

yeara.

An amendment was agreed to the Sao and
Fox Indians of Mississippi $50,000 out of their
trust funds to enable them to rehabitant them-
selves after the outbreak of smallpox amone
them, necessitating the destruction of their
houses, stables, furniture and clothing,

Aigo an amendment proposed by Mr. Tongue
of Oregon, directing the Secretary of the In-
terjor, In accordance with treat§ stipulations
of iad 16, NM, to pay SOO Alsea Indians on
the Silet reservation in Oregon, Who have been
found capable of taking care of thelr own es-
tate, their proportion of the $100,000 trust
fund in the Treasury :

Miter disposing of the bill, the House listened
to the delivery of eulogies upon the late Rep-
reaentative Daniel Frmentrout of Pennsyl-
vania, Addresses were delivered by. Messrs,
Green, Brosius, Ryan and Ziegler of Pannsyl-
vania; DeArmond of Missouri, Gaines of Ten-
nesses, Daly of New Jersey, and Maddox of
Georgia, The House then adjourned until
Monday.

OUR SAMOAN PUSSESSIONS,

The Colller Abarenda Taking Coal, &c., to
the New Coaling Statlon at Pago-Pago,
Wasntxoros, Feb, 3.-The eollier Abarenda

left Auckland, New Zealand, for Pago-Pago, Sa-

moa, yesterday, She carries coal, lumber and
machinery for the new coaling station at Pago

Pago. Commander H. Fo Tilley of the Abar-

enda will probably be directed to issue notice

to the natives at Tutulla, on which Pago-Pag
issituated, and the other islands tranaferrea
to the United States by the Samorn
vartivion treaty, that these islands
inve = Decome)=—s theo property) sand sate
nder the authority of the United
states, Itis not likely, however, that he will
be the firet American Governor of the island
the State Department has been notified by tho

German Eq bassy that the German Bundesrarh

will ratify the partition treaty ina week or ten

days. The British Crown and the Unired

States Senate have alreay ratified it, 4o that

the ratifications will be exchanged within a

month after the Bundesrath acta, This ex-

change Will be the lastformal action necessary
toplace Tutuilaand the adjacent smaller is-
lands under American authority.

Movements of Naval Veasels,

WaSHINGTON, Feb. 3.—The auxiliary cruiser
Prairie arrived at Baltimore, the battleship
‘Jexas Qrrived at San Juan, Puerto ico. and

jest for
The colller Marcelius ta
'o Point near Norfolk,

  

 

Han Juan, aa?

Stores.

THE DOLPHIN'S STORMY VOY4@R.

Returns to Washington From a Surveying
Expedition tothe Orinoco Riven

Wasninaton, Feb. 3,—The Httle despatelh
boat Dolphin, popularly called “the Preate
dent’s yacht,” which {s commanded by Lieve
tenant-Commander W. H. H. Sutherland, are
rived atthe Washington Navy Yard last night,
afterastormy voyage from the West Indiew,
She experienved a heavy northeast blow all the
way from Sombrero Island, near &t. Thomas, te
Cape Hatteras, but weathered it splendidly, ale
though having a constant roll of 25 degrees,
The Dolphin was sent to the mouth of the
Orinoco River to make a survey and the work
of her officers demonstrated that tho bar at the
entrance is a danger tonavigation and shoul@
be completely buoyed. At the bar 800 sounde
ings were taken.

The Dolphin in the short time she wae tg
South America made 455 miles of soundings,

Her work showed that it {s impossible for
seisof more than 14 feet draught to et over the
bar into the river from the monthso Desember
to May inclusive. During the rest of the year
vessels of 16 feet draught may get across eafaly
if piloted by experienced persons, At times the

ard

water ia rough at the Orinoco'’s mouth,

Do!phin will be at the Washington Navy

for a month probably, undergoing repairs,

To Found a Scholarship for New England
Women.

The benefit which was to have beon given e@
Wallack’s Theatre on Fob. 8, under the direee
tion of the National Soclety of New England
Women, haa been postponed by request until
Feb. 23, On the afternoon of that date an
entertainment will be given in ald of a fund
which this society proposes to raise as the
foundation-of a New England woman's echolar-

ship, which will be open to any deserving
young woman of New Engiand lineage,
aithough preference will naturally be given to
those in close connection with the soglety,
‘bhe amount which it is hoped will be ultl-
nately raised for this purpose bas been fixed
at $10,000,

Workers in Wood
For Forty Years

We began away back in the
sham and more
of Furniture,

 

 

And more.
days when there was loss of
of solidity in the average piece

We have changed designs and brought
out new Styles, but we have never for a
moment departed from the old-fashioned

thoroughness of construction,

Schmitt Brothers,

(Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave.) Two
t 40 East 23d St. { Stores

Two

 

    

 
 
 
 

ia tee oY 2) Pe Bye)