}

 

> eee

a

To a

—-

 

lings,
The See Aun,

BUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1000.

 

 

Rubseriptions by Mai), Postpaid

DAILY, per Month .....cceeeecrreee +.» 80 0
DAILY, per Year ‘ 600
BUNDAY, por Year TTT T) 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Yoar.... 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, por Mout. cesseeseeeeee 70

Postage to foreign countrics added,

rue Sus, New York City.

Pants—Klorque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and

Kiosque No, 10, Boulevarde des Capucines,

  
  

 

It our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in ail cases send stamps for thal purpose,

 

 

—_—— —--

Mediation.

A few day ago, in the interests of peace,
Tue SUN commended to the attention of the
two belligeronts in south Africa, the follows
ing passage in the message which President
McKin.ey had addressed to the American
Congress after hostilities had begun:

“Thi Government has maintained an attitude of
neutrality in the unfortunate contest betwoen Great
Britain and the Boer States of Africa, We have
remained faithful tothe precept of avoiding entan-
gling alliances a to affairs not of our direct concerns
Had circumstance suggested that the parties to the
quarrel would have welcomed any kindly expression
of the hope of the American people that war might
he avoided, good offices would have been wladly
teudered.”

This will be timely reading at every
attempt to make political capital at Repub-
Hean expenege out of this Government's sedu-
lousuvoldance of rushing in as a mediator,
without invitation or intimation that our
offer would be welcome, In it Mr, McK1n-
LEY, 80 far as wus consistent with the neu-
trality that he, as President of the United
States, was bound rigidly to observe, ex-
pressed the American aversionto tho war
and the longing to eee It closed before an
African republic's independence should be
conquered by a European monarchy, even
though the latter during the Spanish war
had been friendly tothe United Sta tos,

Yesterday Tuk SuN published a portion
of the declaration of The Hague Conference,
yet to bo ratified by the Senate, which
strengthens the reason why the polloy
already announced by the Administration
should be maintained:

“Nothing contained in this convention shall
be so construed as to require the United Atates
of America to depart from its traditional polloy
of not intruding upon, interfering with, or entan-
gling itself in the political questions of policy
or internal administration of any foreign State;
nor shall anything contained tn the sald con-
vention be construed to imply @ relinguishiment
by the United States of America of its t*sditional
attitude toward purely American questiol.o,”

This, the Monroe doctrine, ts found in the
convention recently undertaken by the
civilized nat'ons of the world, not, !t is true,
asa rule possessing the forve of treaty,
but as an international theory formulated
at The Hague and placed upon the running
record of the conclusions of the conference
without objection. The time for mediation
will be when both of the belligerentsask for
it, not before,

 

Cotton,

Events of exceeding consequence to the
American business world are now taking
place in the market for raw cotton.

Early last December we called attention
to the fact that one of the chief influences
adverse to the prosperity of the country
was the enormous dirmiautton in our exports
of cotton. At that time there had been a de-
crease in these exports, as compared with
the previous year, of nearly 1,800,000
bales, representing a money value of about
$40,000,000, The troublesome part of it
was that atthe time a stringency prevailed
in the money marketa, not only in New
York but in allthe great capitals of Europe.
Relying upon the ordinary exportation of
cotton at the usual time, our bankers
and dealers in exchange in the early fall
had sold ahead a large quantity of sterling
exchange, expecting to make their sales
good, or asthe market term is, ‘‘cover”
them, later in the year. when tha cotton
bills camo to hand. But the cotton bills did
not come to hand, and the sales of exchange
had to be covered at a loss, or at leascata
higher rate than was expected. Our cus-
tomary credit balance in London was want-
ing, and the transfer of gold from this coun-
try to Europe ensued ata particularly un-
pleasant timo,

Thecause of the decreased exportation of
cotton, a8 we then poinied out, was a great
difference of opinion between the American
growers of the staple and the foreign buy-
ers ofit. The latter, trusting largely to the
estimate of Mr. HENRY NRILL, believed that
@ crop as large as the previous one (in
round numbers about 11,000,000 bales)
had been grovn, and that the advance in
the price of cotton was due simply to apecu-
lation, The Southern planters, however,
maintained that thecrop was very much less
than that of last year and that the price es.
tablished, so far from being improperly
high, was much too low. On the other
dhand, again, it was known that the interior
stocks of cotton were large, and this lent
some plausibility to the declaration of
the foreigners that cotton was being held in
this country for higher prices and that it
would “come out” in great quantities when
the effort to hold it failed. There was,
therefore, a deadlock between these two
contending intereets, and time alone could
prove whose claims were better founded, and

which side would win in the struggle.

The day has now come when it can be
stated definitely that the battle of the
Bouthern planters and of the American cot-
ton trade against the foreign spinners has
been fought and won, and that the only
thing remaining to do is to settle the
terms of the capitulation. Five months of
the cotton year have elapsed, Despite the
fact that cotton has advanced in price
nearly three-quarters of a cent a pound
since December, and has seored a rise
altogether of nearly three cents a pound

from the low prices of last season, with all |

the weather conditions of the winter facill-
tating in an inordinate degree the market-
irg and transportation of the staple, the
total amount of the American crop now in
sight is but 6,828,180 bales, as against
8,904,370 bales at the same time last year.
It is as certain as anything can be that the
cotton crop of the present season, so far
from amounting to another 11,000,000
bales, is, approximately, only about 9,000,-
000 bales, and the estimates of the cotton
trade now vary between 600,000 bales
above this figure and 600,000 below it.

At this advanced period of the cottou sea
son, in nino yoars out of ten, three-quarters
ofthe cotton crop {sin sight, If therule holds
good the entire cotton orop of the year will
be but 8,800,000 bales, Up towithin a very
recent period tho English spinners main-
tained their attitude of scepticism regard-
ing the shortness of the American crop.
The total amount of our exports of raw

Gotten is now nearly 2,000,000 bales leas ; the election

 
  

  
 

 

than last season, and by ferthe greater por-

tlon of this, of course, Is due to lessened
purchases by Great Britain, Tho English
reserve supplies of cotton are now at the
lowost point reached for many years,
being but 671,000 bales, as against
1,760,000 at the same date in 1899,
1,054,000 in 1898, and 1,304,000 In 1897.
This is pretty near the danger point of the
English reserves, and the figures given
illustrate how large has been the English
consumption of cotton during the period of
contest. In fact, the Enylish cotton trade
in 1800 was the best in its history, and all
the English authorities agree that the out-
look for it was never brighterthan in the
present year, In addition to the strength of
the statistical position as given, the Indian
crop of cotton has proved a failure, while
the Egyptian crop, though comparatively
large, has been absorbed by the unusually
great demand for it, and the stocks of
Egyptian cotton are now about 600,000
cantars,or 100,000 bales less than last yeer,
The Egyptian erop is, however, peculiar,
and is used only in certain specialized
manufactures, Its price is comparatively
unaffected by that of the other kinds of cot-
ton In the world.

The bearing of all this upon the pros.
perity of our own country is obvious. The
English spinners must now come into our
markets and buy cotton, as, in fact, they
have already begun to do; and while they
will still buy as little as they can, they will
have to pay a much higher price than
they might have paid. Putio plain words,
they must pay us duringthe coming spring
asum of money which may be estimated
conservatively at $25,000,000, which,
under ordinary circumstances, they should
have paid us last fall, This will go far
toward giving us the whip hand in the
market for foreign exchange. Moreover,
{nasmuch as the world's reserve stocks of
cotton have gone into consumption, as has
been indicated thelr weight will no longer
rest upon the price of cotton in the coming
season, and it Is fair to assume that the
present range of values will remain steady
for at least one year to come. If, {n ad-
dition to all this, the planting for the next
year’s crop, now not very far away, should
be attended with unfavorable climatic von-
ditions, and it should otherwise become
probable that another short crop of cotton
was tobe raised, sensational prices for the
staple would oecur, But this Is, of coursa,
amere speculative possibility, concerning
which nothing can be foreseen.

Riches and congratulations now attend
the American cotton trade.

 

The Confuston in Kentucky,

There appears to be no doubt that the
final power of deciding un election contest
for Governor in Kentucky ia vested In the
Legislature of that Commonwealth.

The Constitution of Kentucky contains
this provision on the subject:

“Contested elections for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor shall be determined by both houses of the
General Assembly. according to euch regulations as
may be established by law,”

Under the power thus conferred upon it
to regulate the proceedings to determine
such contests, the Kentueky Legislature
enacted the so-called Goebel law, This pro-
vides for an investigation by a Legislative
committee whose action, however, shall not
be final ‘‘but shall be reported to the two
Houses of the General Assembly for the
further action of the General Assembly,
And the General Assembly shall then de
termine such contest.”

If the Houses may lawfully meet tn jo'nt
session tomake the decision, the Legislature
would undoubtedly declare GowBEL elected,
as hisadherentsoutnumberthe Republicans
on joint ballot. On the other hand, if each
branch of the General Assembly may act by
itself, according to the ordinary method of
legisiative procedure, the Republicans are
hopeful that the State Senate would not
consent to unseat TAYLOR,

Able lawyers in Kentucky, including such
& Democratic leader as Senator Linpsay,
have expressed the opinion that the Legia-
lature possesses no Constitutional author-
ity whatever to act upon the election con-
test in joint session, :

Governor TAYLOR, however, ¥ as evidently
apprehensive that it would endeavor to do
60, irrespective of any prohibition in the
State Constitution; and he prevented any
meeting of the Legislature at all at Frank-
fort at the present time by declaring that a
rtate of insurrection prevailed in that city,
and adjourning the General Assembly to
another place of meeting In the future,

This was dene under the sanction of a
provision of the Constitution, which directs
that the sessions of the General Assembly
“shall be held at the seac of government,
except in case of wa', insurrection or pesti-
lence, when it may, by proclamation of the
Governor, assemble for the time being, else
where,”

The Governor having proclaimed the ex-
istence of an insurrection at Frankfort, we
do not see why the direction for the L gis-
lature to assemble elstwhere was not a
strictly Constitutional mandate in form;

and the subsequent attempt of the
Democratic members to pasa upon the
election contest and declara Gornrn

eleetod when the Legislature was not
really in seasion anywhere cannot have
had any legal effect to bring about the re
sult desired and intended. We can discover
no plausible legal argument in the ad-
mitted facts of the case for questioning the
present autfority of TAYLOR to act as the
Governor of Kentucky.

The propriety of his proclaiming Frank-
fort to be in a state of insurrection ts quite
another question, ‘The Governor and all
civil offeers shall be liable to impeachment
for any misdemeanors in office.” There
can be no doubt that Governor TayLtor
would be Hable to prosecution under
this provision of the Constitution of
Kentucky if it could be made to
appear that there really was no insur-
reotion in Frankfort when he issued
his proclamation, and that he knew there
was none. But the fact that he might be
impeached for wilfully making a false
proclamation did not deprive that procia-
mation of ita Constitutional effect, which
was totranafer the legal meeting place of
the Legislature from Frankfort to London
After its issue the proceedings of the Demo-
cratic members In Frankfort were not
even in conformity with any of the forms
of law,

At this distance and without familiarity
with the course of legislation and judigtal
decision on such questions in Kentucky, we
believe that Governor TayLon exceeded his
authority in preventing the Legislature
from meeting at Frankfort on the ground
that an insurrection bad broken out at the
capital. Was not the insurrection at that
time largely imaginary? Cou!d not @ see
sicn of the Legislature have been held there
in perfect safety and good order?

If Governor TaxLoR and his triends ere
right in the view that the Houses of the
General Assembly cannot lawtally decide
contest lu joiut session, they

 

 

 

   

would have the courts on their side
in proceedings to invalidate any euch ad-
yorse joint action; and their position before
the country would be much better than it
has been made by what appears to have
been an abuse of power in banishing the
Legislature from the capital of the Com-
monwealth.

New War Matertal,

The war in South Africa tllustrates how
modorn war draws on all branches of sclence
and manufacture for {ts material. Among
the new forma of material required for the
war we have, first, a siege train, that is, a
special train, with locomotive, cars and
rails, for the transportation of the siege
guns and carriages.

The order for such a train, composed of
2 narrow-gauge locomotives, 24 two-
wheeled wagons, 15 bogle wagons, 2
bogie brake wagons and 5 miles of straight
and | mile curved railway, was given to
a London firm on November 18, and by
November 22 the greater part of the work
was passed by the War Office. All was
completed within ten working days.

Another new form of war material is
the permanent steel bridge spans, intended
to replace the bridges over the Tugela River
at Colenso and at Frere, which had been de-
stroyed by the Boers. Although ordered by
the Natal Government, they are evidently a
war measure, The order for seven 105-feet
spans was given on December 21, and
the company undertook to deliver the first
span in six weeks: it was actually completed
in nineteen working days. The spans are
made of Siemens-Mertin ateel, are 16 feet
wide and are intended to aecommodate ono
line of 8 feet 6 inches gauge, with space for
pedestrians or horse traffle.

The third form of new waterial for the
war is balloons furnished with wireless
telegraphy apparatus. It is well known
that WHire had a balloon section in Lady-
emith, which continued to be used up to the
end of November; Lord MmTHven’s com-
mand also had a balloon, which was
used for a short time at Magers-
fontein on the 10th and 1ith of De-
cember, but could not be used on the
15th on account of the wind, a fact
which illustrates the great objection to the
spherical balloon, and emphasizes the
necessity for a balloon which will stand the
wind, as it is claimed the German mill-
tary dragon balloon will. It appears that
ten balloons have been shipped to Cape Col-
ony, and as many to Natal, all furnished
with wireless telegraph apparatus. Tho
balloons for carrying up high the
fine wire of the receiving apparatus are
comparatively small, and can accommodate
but one man, The distance to which this
apparatus has been suceessfully used fs
about forty miles, consequently it would
have been easy by its means to establish
communication between Estcourt and Lady-
emith. Capt. Kennepy, who has charge of
this work, sailed from Southampton for
Durban at the end of October.

The personnel of the two balloon sections
sent with the army corps ¢omprised sixty-
eight officers and men and twenty horses,
the material being transported on one bal-
loon wagon, one material wagon and four
gas wagons,

 

 

The Reconsolidation of the Home Rule
Party.

Tt ts an {ll wind that blows nobody any
good, One outcome of the war in South
Africa has been to effect what earnest nego-
tiations, prolonged for upward of nine
years, have failed to accomplish, to wit: the
reunion of the Trish Nationalist party, which
was split into fragmenta in December, 1890,
and which has been since disqualified, by
the weakness bred of discord, from render-
ing any substantial service to the Home
Rule cause, Just before the opening of the
session of Parliament on Jan, 80, Irish
members, representing not only the Par-
nellites but both sections of the Anti-Par-
nellites, metand unanimously passed a reso-
lution that theIrish Natlonalist party should
be reconstructed on the lines laid down by
Mr. PARNELL in 1885-90, lines which should
assure independence of all British polit-
ical parties and confine Nationalist efforts
to the single aim of securing a measure of
Home Rule at least as wide as was em-
bodied in the bills of 1886 and 1893, Mr.
Joun E. RepMonD, Mr. JoHN Dinton and
Mr. TimorHy HEALY were present at the
meeting. The latter moved that three
whips be elocted for the reunited party,
and it is uaderetood that Mr. RepMonp will
be ite first Parliamentary chairiuan.

Now that the long breach in the National-
ist ranks has been repaired, it may be in-
teresting to recall the circumstances under
which the schism took place, A review of
the facts will show that the deposition of
Mr. PABNELL was due to Mr. Guapstonr’s
demand, a demand which, undoubtedly,
could be justitied on moral grounds, but
which, as events have shown, was a grave
political mistake, The resultant rupture
of the [rish Nationalist party, the bitter
contest of the two factions at the ballot
box and the conspicuous part which
the Catholic hierarchy and clergy
felt constrained to take on behalf of the
Anti-Parnellites, shook the belief of British
Liberals in the competence of Irishmen for
self-government, alienated the English
Nonconformists whom Mr. GLADSTONE had
sought to propitiate, and prevented the
Liberal chief from gaining in the general
election of 1802 a majority sufficient to
overawe the House of Lords, ‘To dissuade
the Peers from throwing out his second
Home Rule bill and compelling a new
appeal to the electors, Mr. GuADBTONE
needed to pass that measure by a majority
of at least a hundred; as it turned out, he
was unable, even with the help of both
Nationalist factions, to secure a majority
of more than forty. Thelatter majority he
could have secured, and he did secure,
against the wishes of the English Noncon-
formists, who, as the event proved, were
much more deeply shocked at the revelation
of the political power possessed by the
Catholic Church in Ireland than they had
been by the moral lapse of which Mr, Par-
NELL was convicted in connection with
the O'Shea divorce case, The result
might have been predicted by those who
remembered the course pursued by the
Nonconformiste in 1688, At that date, and
for some time previously, James IT. had
been a man of irreproachable morality,
but he was an avowed Catholic. On the
other hand, WILLIAM of Orange, who be-
came presently WILLtaMm III. of England,
brought a Dutch mistreas with him and
openly installed her in London. Neverthe-
leas, he was the champion of Protestantiam
in Europe, and, as such, he was acclaimed
with fervor by Anglicans and Noneon-
formiate alike. From the moment that

Nationalist party paseed from PARNELL,
who was @ Protestant, t. the Roman (Cath-
olio Church, the cause of Home Rule
was dead, 60 far as English Noncou-
formista could destroy it.

This result of PakasLL's deposition from

|
|

 

| the meeting of Paciiament,

i]
i

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900,

the leadership was, from the outset fore
seon by some astute Conservative on-
lookers, and it was feared by many Irish
Nationalists, who, in the end, cast their lot
with tho Anti-Parneliite faction, A few
data will show how exclusively the schism
in the Home Rule party was due to Mr,
GLADsTONE'’s interposition, It was on
Monday, Nov, 17, 1890, that a decree nisi
for the divorce of Captain and Mrs, O'Sitka,
on the ground of the latter’s misconduct
with Mr. PARNELL, was made, On the very
next day there was a meeting of the Irish
Nationa) Leagrue in Dublin, and a resolution
pledging the meeting tostand by PARNELL,
notwithstanding the proceedings in the
divorce court, was carried by acclamation,
On Nov, 19 Mr. T. P. O'Connor, Mr.
WiLutaM O'Baren and Mr. JoHN DILLON
were interviewed in the United States,
whither they had gone to raise funds for the
Nationalist cause, and all three proclaimed
thelr unfaltering allegiance to their chief,
“T can see nothing,” sald Mr, DILion,
“in what has occurred to alter the leader-
ship of the Irish party in the House of
Commons. A change would be a disaster.”
Mr. WILLIAM O'BRIEN said: “Speaking as
an individual, I will stand flrmly by Pan-
NELL and there is no reason why I should
not,” With them Mr, T. P, O'CONNOR con-
curred: “Mr, PARNELL is the greatest Par-
liamentary leader that the Irish party ever
had. His disappearance from that post
would create dismay among the Irish Na-
tionalists.” On the same day, Nov. 19, Mr,
Lanovceugre, the well-known British Rad-
fecal, declared that it was not for the
English to decide who the Irish leader
should be: “This concerns the Irish alone.
My advice to Mr. PARNELL is that he should
not be diverted from the task that he has set
himself, to free his people, byanything thst
has occur ‘ed or may oecur.”

On Thursday, Noy, 20, there was a great
meeting of Irish Nationalists in the Leinster
Hall, Dublin; Mr. Truorey Heany and Mr,
Justin McCawrny were present, The latter
proposed the following resolution, which
was carried by acclamation:

 

pm

the Irish people that no side issue shadl be per-
mitted to obstruct the progress of the «reat cause of
Home Rule for Ireland, declares that, in all political
matters, Mr. Paryeci. possesses the confidence of
the Irish nation, and that this meeting rejoices at
the determiuation of the Irish Parliamentary party
to stand by their leader.” .

Speaking to this resolution, Mr. McCar-
THY said:

“Task yon, suppose a man has gone morally wrong
in some personal reiation, isft the least reason why
he should fail in his duty to lead Lis people in sone
great question of national an? pablic importance?
Can we say to that man; ‘We can do without you?’
We know we cannot say it; we cannot possibly say |
it. We shall eay to hims ‘We recogniz® no reason
why you shenld be exempted from the g sat public
duty of leading the Irish party and the I.ish people
to a public victory,’ ”

Mr. Heaty followed:

“I would say this further, that we must reniember |
that, for Ireland and for Irishmen, Mr, PauneLy is
less A man than an inetitutiom, We havo under the |
shadow of his name secured for Ireland a power |
and an authority in the connects of Great Britain and
the world stich as we never possessed before, and, |
when I eceademand made for his retirement and
resignation, | ask you to remember the futility
thereof, Were Mr, Pause. to-morrow to resian lis
seat for Cork, he would instautly be redlected, Teay |
we should be foolish and criminal, if we, the sea-
soned politiciaus who have been able to watch the
Vagaries and tempests of political parsages, if we,
upon an occasion of this kiud, atthe very fret blast
of oppositicn, surrendered the great chief who has
led us bo far forward.”

On Nov. 22 Mr. Jacop Bright wrote to
the Mancheater Guardian :

“That this meeting, interpreting the sentiment of
!
|

 

“You appearto recommend that Mr. Pannenr should |
retira foratime from public life, 1 take a different
view. I think itis his duty to remain at hispost Ita
nan commitsa grave fault, the beatatonement hecan
make ie to do all the good he can in the direction
dlearly indicated by his own talentaand expernencr,
The place where Mr. VARNFLL can render ervice to
his own country and oursis in the House of Com-
mons,”

On Noy, 24 Mr. Innincworrn addressed |
a public meeting in Bradford. He said;

Mr. Panwert has rendered great service to the
Trish people and the cause of Home Rule. He lias
piloted Hojse Rule vearly into its haven Would the
passengers of & verse! from America which had boven
skilfully mancuvred through many dangera ava
navigated through many storine depose the captain ,
while yet the chip had to betireaded through the
crowded sea and the Mersey because they heard on |
the voyage that the captain had been guilty of a |
moral offence?’

Amid this chorus of friendly opinion
sole jarring notes were struck, conspicu-
ously by the Rev. Hton Prick Huanes in
the Methodist Times, and by Mr. Strap in
the Pall Mall Gazette. Both took their stand
on the moral question, and said in effect,
“Mr. PARNELL must go.” On Sunday, Noy,
23, the Rev. HucH Prick HUGHES asserted
ata gathering at St. James's Hall: “I have
high authority for eaying that Mr. Guap-
STONE Will intecvene, and that Mr. PARNELL
will recognize his voice as one to he obeyed,”
On the next day, which was the day before
Mr, Guapstonr
and wrote his famous

 

 

 

came to London
letter to Mr. JoHN Morury. He announced
in this fateful document that he had arrived
at the conviction that “ notwithstarding
the splendid services rendered by Mr,
PARNFLE to bis country, his continuance
at the present moment in the leadership
(of the Lrish Nationalist party] would be
of consequences
in the highest degree to
of Treland.” He added that
tinuanee Tspeak of would render my re.
tention of the leadership of the Liberal
party, based, as it has been mainly, upon the
presentation of the Trish eause, almost a
nullity.” While Mr. Mor ey was in search
of PARNELL to show him Mr. GLADSTONR's
manifesto, the Irish Nationalist members

25,

disastrous
the canse
“the con.

productive

met on the afternoon of Tuesday, Noy,
at Committee Room 15 in the House of
Commons, Lo elect a sessional chairman, the
constitutional title of the leader of the
Irish Parliamentary party. The reélection
of Mr. PARNELL to the chairmanship of the
party was proposed by Mr. SEXTON, Buce
onded by Col, NOLAN, and agreed to amid
loud applause, Mr. PARNELL thanked the
meeting for the fresh proof of their confi-
dence in him, and sald that, in response to
their unanimous desire, he would continue
to discharge the duties of leader.

On the morning of Nov. 26 Mr. Guap-
STONE'S letter was published. It at onee
enused a spilt in the ranks of the Irish
Parliamentarians, and, at another meeting
held by them, Mr. PARNELL was deposed by
a considerable majority from the chatrman-
ship. ‘bhis was done, although those who
did it had been reminded by an old Fenian
leader:

“You have all condoned Paawete’s moral offence;
you have had your Leinster Hall meeting, your
cables from the American delegates, the meeting of
the Parliauentary party, tho euthusastic reclection
of P\gNELL as chairman, And now, in an instant

and at the bidding of an Englishman, you eat your
own words and abandon yourown chief. What do

| you think every self-respecting man in th ork
the control of the dominant faction in the | 1, ; ‘ ; . ae dee

will say of you When you have done ths thing?
Why, tat you are vowards, that you hav» no self.
reliance, that you do pot deservy freedom, I
think I an better affected toward Mr. Giapsrong
and the Liberal party than any of yeu, but Pannen |
fe of more importance to Ireland than Mr, Gap |
etoxs and the Liberal party, and, for that matter, |
thau the Isieh party 00, all put together. Let him

 

 

| effort.

; 80 absolutely disinterested,

| the ultimate disburser of the cash, attest

| and

@o, and Home Rule will ge with him, for this genere-
ation,”

A similar opinion was expressed by a dis-
tinguished Tory:

“T cannot conceive why the Irish gave up Pauneii.
He was everything to them, He was the centre of
the whole enterprise, and the idea that things
can go on after his overthrow exactly as they
Went on before seems to be absolutely fatuous,
I cannot think, even now, that Graparona
Wished Paunent to go: he must have known too
much of the man, and too much of the movement,
1 think Giapetons was forced into the pit. You
will remember the meeting of the National
liberal Federation at Sheffield on Nov, 21?
That was the beginning, Jon Montay and |
Hancounr were there, The Noncomformist pare |
sons got at them, frightened them, and then they
came up to London, saw Grapetong, frightened
t@u and persuaded him to the course he took,
The parsons frightened them, and they fright. ,
ened GLave1onk, Cowardice—sheer cowardice- was
the cause of PAKNELL's overthrow.”

Of course, nobody disputes the sincerity |
of Mr. GLApsTONE's devotion to the Home
Rule cause, or denies that, when he |
manded the retirement of Mr. PARNELE,
he acted for what he believed to be the best
interests of the Liberal party and of Ire:
land. The event, however, was to show
that his belief was nol well founded,

PARNELL has long been in his grave, and |
for many years the blight) of discord,
which did not stop with the original twos
fold into Parnellites and Antis |
Parnellites, has cursed with impotence the
Trish party, The curse has now been lifted,
and the closing year of the ninetecnth een.
tury has brought the dawn of a new hope
to Ireland.

division

 

 

** Responsibility”? and Maecenas.

It appears that not a few of our friends
would like to know the real name of © Ke.
sponsibility.” This is the gentleman who
was 60 desirous that some poet should
embody in beautiful verse a truer philoso-
phy of work thanis presented in Mr, MARK-
HAM's “The Man with the Hoe,” that he
offered out of his own pocket prizes
amounting to seven hundred dollars, which
he has now paid over to Tar SuN for
distribution to the winners aceording to
the committee's award.

The curiosity is natural, but we have not
at the present tine “ Responsibility’s” per-
mission to gratify it.

In our opinion far more interesting than
anything in the actual poetical output of
the competition ia the cireumstance that
the fdea of instituting It should have Oc» |
curred to a distinguished citizen busy with
large effairs and somewhat remote from
the ordinary fields of Hterary or ethical
Competitions have been started be-
fore this, and prizes have been offered gen-
erously for the encouragement of poetry |
and the stimulation of thought, but we
recall no instance where the purpose was
‘*Responsi-
bility’s” persistent self-effacement, exc “pt
asthe original propounder of the idea and

the singleness of his motive,

One enthusiastic correspondent, appar.
ently a poet with expectations or hopes, is
particularly anxious for “a elue to the |
identity of this new Mxecenas.” The im-
plied comparison is unjust to Responsi- |
bility.” Whatever may be said of Caius !
CILNIUS MACENAS'S services to literatura
through his bounty to poets and poetasters,
the fact remains that he managed to secura
for himself a large return for his expended |

| sestertii in the way of self-advertisement |

and gratified personal vanity. There is no
record that Macrnas ever employed a
pseudonym to coneeal the source of his |
benefactions.

 

Troubles of Philadelphia,

The alacrity which Philadelphia continues
to display in keeping away from the con-
tribution box when it is proposed totry and
raise the guarantee fund of $100,000, in
consideration of the promise of which the
Republican National Convention was to be
hers, grows cornice,

Through much dust
of assorations and executive eommittees
sul-executive committees, this fact
{s visible: collections are slow, There
Was An anxious meeting in the Mavor’s
office last week, and one enthusiast pro-
posed that all present should subseribe, but
there was a general agreement that it would
he better to allow those who were absent
to subseribe, Not a man stepped up and
signedthe roll, Finally, another enthusiast,
venturing on a forlorn hope, offered to vive
$500 toward the fund if everybody else
in the comnany would do the same,

“There was silence dep as death,
And the boldest held his breath.’

Nobody seconded the reckless offer, No»
body's poeketbook bled. The fund remainod
in the clouds, a distant hope and nothing of
a reality

Mayor ASHBRIDGE, an energetic soul, hag
a plan and an association for raising the
money. The trouble is that the town fs full
of comimitiees, All the time thera is is too
short for them to confer in, but at) the
magic word “subseribe,” the conmitteemer:
flee wildly away. Monday there will be
another conference of committees, but will
Monday change the sad fact that while the
subseription book is open to the publie, the
public is closed to the subscription book?

 

As admirers of Philadelphia, and eager
to see her reputation unimpaired, we ask
if, after all, she did not undertake the eon.
vention in a moment of excitement whieh
she regrets in her calmer hours, We can
think of no other explanation of her
present chilliness toward the funds. But
surely she doesn't wish to be regarded as
having made a gold-brick promise to the
Republican National Committee. She
should explain that, upon reflection, she is
convineed that she would be more comfort-
able without the convention, and that the
eonvention would be much more comfort-
able in New York,

The Hon, Jown Jacon Lentz of Ohio and
the House of Representatives has been barn
storming on tho New England cireult. His
part begina thus:

“The only reason that I oan give for my invitation
to speak to you to-day is that some one was needed
to apologize for Ohio.”

No apology for the occurrence of Mr. Lentz
in Congress can be accepted, It is inexcus-
able.

The Bryan Birthday Anniversary Club
of Chattanooga will celebrate ita hero's birth-
day, March 19, and he will be present. As he
is both the Jerrerson and Jackson of the
prosent Demovrats, his birthday deserves dus
honor froin them. Doubtless he would be
giad to make a birthday speech every day in
the year. Jackson Day should be wiped from
the calendar and Bryan Day be substituted,

has been sightedagain. It reports that it hag
an “effective organization” in thirty-eight
States, Oklahoma and the District of Columbia,
and declares ita intention of “making itself

|
The American Anti-Imperialist League |
The |

felt” in close Congress districts next fall,

effective organization usually consists of a
few honorary Vive-l’residenta or the branch
Leagues arecom posed entirely of officers, The
League will make itself felt in the Congress |
elections just about as much as a shaving
makes iteeli felt in the Atiaatio Ocean, |

seventy see naga ey

 

GENERAL
AFRIUA,

 

While thore is noauthoritative announcement

SITUATION IN SOUTH | RELIGIOUS

 
 

 
  

DKVICKS AND EXPERI-
MENTS,

 

| Interesting Innovations and Suggestions

that Gon, Buller is engaged in a third effort to |

plerce the Boer ling investing Ladysmith, there
is every probability that some movement look-
ing to that end Is in progress, The activity
reported among the Boers and Gen, Joubert's

| movements are suMcient indication that they

have been preparing for some supreme effort of |

| resistance against attack they saw linpending.

What plan of attack Gen, Buller fs executing or

pared for a heavy bill of costs, for during the
weeks of prenaration they have had {t is un-
derstood that the Boers have seamed every
ridge and hill with intrenchments looking
toward and from Ladysmith, Having failed in
both frontal and
probability on this occasion ia that Gen,
Buller will concentrate his efforts on a naire
row front with strong flanking protection in
order to drive through like a wedee on
the line he has determined on as the most
favorable for the purpose, That he will have
to make sacrifices goos without saying, for in
the words of old Marshal Pellasier, when the
lst of the French losses at the storming of the
Malakhoff was presented to bim, omelettes
cannot be made without breaking ewes, But
there Is go ‘auch at stake beyond the mere
question of relicving Ladysmith that hesita-
tlon on that seore is now out of the queation.

Suceoss or defeat in the present effort is gO-
ing to give thelr quietus, or vitality, to many
questions now slumbering or in abeyance hot
only in South Africa but in other parts of the
world as well, Gen, Buller ts therefore bound
to suceesd if success is attainable, ‘The ques-
tion is whether the relie! alone of Ladysmith
will be anything more than a moral defeat
for the Boers, and whether in the
it may not be an advantage to them to
have the besieging forces released for other
and more important work elsewhere, The
British have apparently begun using Zula
territory to the east of the Buffalo River for
operations against the Boer left, and if they
arein any force the movement ts a sorious
menace tothe Boor line of retreat from Natal
by way of Lang's Nek. The Boers have, how-
ever, proved themselves so resourceful and con-
fident that if they do not at once retire from
Ladysmith it is because they feel
gelvea capable of hol ting out against al) the
odds and maneuvres of the British Generals,
Their greatest danger is that ong of the Drak-
ensberg passes may fall into the hands of the
British; in that case the sooner they are out of
Natal the better for the safety of Pretoria.

The other danger point is Norvala Pont.
There {s now the possibility that the united
forees of Gens, Gatacre and Kelly-Kenny
and Col, Brabant may suceced in ousting the
Boers from Stormberg and pushing them
back across the Orange River at Aliwal
North and Bethulle. So long as the Boers

ean hold Gen, Freneh south of the Orange
River the position would not be so bad,
| but ff, as there is reason to belleve, thera

will ba, some movement should be made from
the Modder River or some of

| come to

| ja about tocarry out remains to be seen, but |
| whatever itis the Dritish public must be pre-

flanking movements the |

end |

| massesgon Bunday.

themes |

for the Spread of Religion,
From the Church heonomert,

Efforts have been started in Brooklyn to give the
Gospel measave, in some dircet form, to every alult
in the borough during 100. The hoa lof the hous
to-bouve canvass ta the ey, De, AO. Dason of
Hanson Place Bapust Church, “People won't
mectings,” he aad, "Wo must therefore
take the meetings to them A canvasser will not call
upon & family to invite members of it to attend
sore meeting, although that invitation may be
wiven incidentally, but to preach a sermon, #0 to
way. Verhaps the preaching place may be the front
doorstep, the reception room, the Lallway—no make
ter where, the unsaved will be face to face with the
evangelist, Wherever the meeting occurs, and there
the messaue will be delivered,”

Fvery religions body in Philadelphia, Jews and
Roman Catholics tneluded, ts to devote Washings
ton'’s Birthday to a canvassof all the people resident
Mthateity. The work t# to be completed in one
day, by voluntecr canyassers. The questions to be
askedare whether the family attends religions ser
vices or not If yes, where; if no, what are the
preferences; how mavy children, if any, and de
they, or do they mot, attend any religions achool?
The eatinated costof the canvase ia $1,500, andia
chanjeo of itive a county Sunday school association,
of which Mr, John Wanamaker te President. Itis,
how: cer, supported by all churches, aud by all
workers tn them,

 

 

The Eptecopal Church of the Redeemer, New
York, finds its income not suffictent to maintain ite
rervices A® Lis vestry think they should be maine
tun do Bo the yeetry insite an appeal to the conuree
Wation, In whies the staoment is mide that the
vestry think “ever, church is entitled to at least @
percent. of ite menbers’ respective expenditures
forall purposes.’ The statementis signed by the
vestry.

At the Central Presbyterian Church, New York,
four prea hing services are now held each Sunday,
The usual 11 o'c.ock movning service and the 6
o'clock evening service are continued but to them
jewlded anearly taornthy prayer meeting with e
short address at S o'clock aud a vesper service at
4:50 in the afternoon, In the Roman Catholie
Church the practice isto hold almost continuous
Th some instances, wo bolisve,
as many as eight are celebrated each Sunday, This
offers everyone & chance to attend publie worship
onSunuday. As a mater of fact the aggregate ate
tenance on Roman Catholic Ohurchos in moat ecittes
would exoeed the capacity of the churehesif only
two services were held, [tis also the practice in the

; Roman Catholic Church to rent pews for masses at

fred hours

A few weeks ao the trustees of the Hanson Place

) Baptist Chureh, Brooklyn, voted to carry put the

the stations bee |

tween ftand the Orange River into the Free |

State, the Free State foreas would have to re-
treat without delay to the north, fortunate if
their [ine of retreat were noteutoff. It is
only the want of a suficient mounted
forea and transport that has prevented
this movement being made before now
by the British The difficulty of the
British Governmeut is not s0 much men bs
riounts and transport animals, and the fact

thatowing tothe waste that has been going |
| on sinee the war began the new arrivals do

but little more than fill the gaps caused by
hardship and disease. Some two thousand

| horses forthe cavalry and artillery are now on

their way from India, taken from the native
and British regiments in that country, but
the most of them will be r quired to
make up for the losses already ineurred,
It is the utter want of preparedness and
the underestimate, ackuowledged by the Brit-
ish War Office aud Government of the Boer de-
te: mination and capacity to fight, that is re-
sponsible forthe present situation, in addi ton
tothe blundera of the Generals in comma. 1d;
and the apologies for the pastand promises for
the future now being made by the British Gov-
ernmentin Parliament do but bring their in-
capacity to grasp the situ ition into stronger re-
hef. The whole course of affairs is along the
same lines that they
Kussiain the Crimea, and the same panic and
extravagant proposals, except the recruiting of
a foreign legion, are now made toa helpless
legislature

‘Man With the Hoe’ the Result of French
Ware,

To tue Evirvon or Tue Scyx- A frank .‘ate-
ment from one of your readers concerning “The
Man With the Hoe,” by Edwin Markham, may be of
interest to you

On dret reading this poem it did not wholly ap-
pea! to me simply ay poetry, and there seamed to be
au underlying injustice and error tn ite sociology,
its political economy and its religion. Probably had
Tie Sus not directed attention to it so continually
it would have been dimly remembercd inthis light
foratime and then forgotten, supposing that the
author wrote no more,

In the light of repeated readings, however, the
poem has much grown in my estimation, It beare
rereading and the moat searching analysis, Itisa
grand poem. The replies which appeared ip the
Sunday Scn have some merit, but cannot afford to
appear in company with Mr, Edwin Markham’s« m-
position, They only croueh at the fee. of the Mas-
ter, Moreover, simply @+ posins, the cons osisof

opinion will, (think, assign these eforts exactly the
reverses pation, third, ee ond, firat, tot. iven ia
the award of your judwes, That is tc say, the fur.
ther from the subject the }

Sir:

y wet the betier they are

 
 

Tain. one of thore who bow believe Mr. Markham
bandled hissubjectcorrectiy, PHisetfortiea finished
one, and just as there is and can bo but one "Klegy
in aCountry Churenyard’” so there can be butoue

“Man Withthe Hoo.” Mr Markham doesnot teal with
the evolution of the ox, as some of bis critics seem
tothink, but withthe product of the Freneh wark
and the statesmanship=the “masters, lords and
‘ulers Whe bDrousht them about

Ticidentally the warin the fransvaal, admittedly
rought about inthe most sinister manner, is mak

ieomore men with the hoe

Of course, Ldonot mean to fiaply that auch wars
are trac able toany one man. Their causes are com:
plex. butin darge part due to ere Though seliist
wreed may be the ox-br ther'’s hoeub, he may
nevertheies® come to Cay it, unaclish atate siansh pv
lacking. In The Mau With the Hi This sentiment
is poetically expressed,

New Haves, Conn, eb, 1,

 
  

G. RR. Wirtanp,

War.

To Tak Eprtox ov THe SUN~Sir: The explosive
note of your correspoudent who denounces the ex
pression oftie wish “thatthe price of crépe may
rise in London" betrays @ kind heart. The ventle-
man is a inan of far more temperate refinement than
the © rresponsible, passionate rowdy, unfortunately
holding @ position of trust and honor in the Goy-
ernment,’ With your mild correspondent all
tymipathetic persons will reiterate "Cyn! tf gives
one a shudder t realize that one isan inhabitant o¢
of the same planet as such a fiendish inhuman mon
ster who could volee such a Leartlors wich

Rut while we must remain npon the Planet ¢
gether, would it not be well to renember that the
euiterings of widoWs aid orphaneare a sad cident
f war, and that if we believe the struggle a just one
wetnutidesirethe death of those who fightonu ti
wrong side’ = Therhe onic of the speaker may have
been Unadvised, buthi«a ] fe Was Unexcept ahh
Let usthen stop waror keep allbutbachelora at
home, Rario,

Smoge ed Guns,

To THe Eprtorg oF Tuk Scux--Sirs Lord Saliebury

 

 

took in the war againet |

pliu proposed by their pastor in ere cting a roof
Auditorium, to correspond to the roof ygardensof sa
many places of amusement, To provide this roof
gurden the chureh is to expend $150,000, The
Tull ing is to be 100 by 150, and the tower wil he
about 125 feet high, The roof auditorium will be
7h feet from the ground, and four large elevators
Will run from the sidewalk to the roof, The four
sides of the roof auditorium will be open and pros
vided with shutters or blinds for shelter in case of @
driving rain that micht happen to come np duringe
service

We have somewhat lost confidence tn the perma
nent vali ‘ubing Sunday evening sere

It has been tricd pretty thorough! these past
sears, And haw not brought the «piritual reanite
vy its friends, Dr. Babcock, in succeeding
Dr. Van Dyke atthe Brick Church, has annonnesd
his policy to be to put his own best <trength on the
second sorvice, on the ground that the morning sem
vies can, as it were, take care of itself,

eof the eute

vier

expected

it is dificult for one seated in an a :dienece to real
ize thes combined effect of a number of lttle uolscs
Ss they reach the pulpit, Somehow if one person
makes @ certain small noise othera seem
impelled by some mysterious fiwe to do
the sume thing We have all observed how e
yawn travels from one to another arounds circle,
and it is really amusing to notice how a wave of
coughing sweeps over a conyregation if one unlucky
men’ er starta it. At the services in Kansas City,
just before hie break-down, Mr, Moody was dia-
turbed by the rustling of programmes, and he
adopted a very orsinal and invenious way to stop
the noise, He asked every one in the hall who had
& programme to hold italoft. Of conrae all the peos
ple did so, “Now pnt them down on the seat and
siton them" was Mr Moody's next command. This,
too, was obeyed and thenceforth quiet reigned,

Tt may not be generally kuown (ot the present
Comptroller of New York city, Mr. Bird 8. Coler,
though e ected onthe Taminany ticket, isan an ace
tive and inneh honored member of the Methodist

Chureh, and quite prominent in Sunday school
work

Dr, Buckley at tlhe Moody memorial meeting at
Carnegie Hall said a frieud and greet admirer of
Moody Was wont, in @ spirit of fun, to point him out
to fellow travellers in a railroad car or gathering ag
some famous railroad king or political celebrity, and
always with entire success, The great evangelist
filed the type of the master of men. The strong,
bearded face, round head, thick neck, big burly
body, short fat hands and feet, all went with the
type of the gladiator of trade or politics, who neither
asked nor gave quarter, and who, as Tennyson exe
pressed it, ‘made by force his merit known.” If
you want 4 church leader of the modern type,@
man who will organize, discipline and commands
kreat church under difficult’ conditions, look first of
wll at iis band, Do the Sigors look as though the
tips had been ent off in & mowing machine? Are
they s» thick as to crowd clumsily upon one
auotner, red of color and warm to the touch?
Theve's energy, system, ambition, The man is one
of the sort who “get there,” to use the common bus
very expressive phrase,

-—_—_—____..

BROUCHTONISM

Condemned by Business Men as Well as ey
Stenographers,

To Tur Forros ov Ta 8Sux—Si>;~ You cannot fall
to have noted the wanton words of Evangslist
Broughton respecting the army of young women
eliploved as stenographers and office a-sistants,
whichis such @ prominent fea: ure of New York bnste
news life Thave been a lover of stenography since
1856, a date lony antecedent to the employment of
young women a4 shorthand amanuenses, My ex-
perience extcnds through the entire period of the
employment of women tn this avenue, During the
last keventeen years T have been an employer of
such labor in New York city, and in constant cone
tact with the steuographic world,

In all my experience 1 have never met a female
stenographer woo was not @ lady, and I have never
seen one act, buble or private, that was not indica
tive of a miodest and moral character. Nor have I
witnessed on the part of business men and the mule
titude who frequent office buildings any but the
most respectful treatment of the young womes
therein eu.ployed,

‘There is no juostion but that Broughton has slan-
dered notonly an eminently worthy band of selfs
respecting, rél!-supporting woinen, but the entire
fraternity of business men who, ag employers, re+
ce-ve such faith'ul and acceptable service at theis
bands

Does bot Mr, Broughton show lack of sense in ae
suming thateven @n immoral man would carry hie
ramoralities inte Dis business ofles?

us “evan relist’ wtevidently cw of touch with
usinodern business life, he is iguorant, and by the
ri lisplay of his ignorance a d bis criminally

 

| reckless (sults tothe peopl: of this community he

wae right in believing that “yuns were inteoluced
into the Trangvaal in boilers, and munitions of war
fu plane cases.” They were 80 introduced, but it
was hy Dr. James Ao Wolff, woo was one of the |
Qecret betrayera of the Jameson Raid Com.
taittee, T remember distinetly Dr. Wolfs stat
Ment to that effect, which IT heard him make
to the Aldine Clut hifth avenue aud Nine.
terith street, a « leo of months ag He
there bowstel thatat the time of that raid hewited
in introducing inte Johannesburg Maxim junsin
casks kerosene, aml wunpowder u dien on lor
coke in freight cars hese were intended, however,
for the destruction of the South African Ke; ublic,

Lord Salisbury #hould have added this to lis state
duent in Parlhament yeeterday
Gronok W, Vay Stoney,

The Peace Meeting.

To Tug Epirox ov Tue sux— Sir Tf attended, ag
an advocate of peace, the reputed peace meeting last
night to re
ents in Bouth Africa, and to my eorpese and d suet,
Tfound it @ complete Boer scheme. Ir would in
deed, be wonderf.:), if such a meeting has any other
influence than to produ 6 contempt among E itlish-
menand encouragement to the Boers to continue
the waz.

Maw Yoas, Feb, 2,

coe caee

thade himself poren) mon orits, and he ought to
quickly subside from the pul ite view.

New Youu, Feb, 1, Geornor W. Drraniwor,

To THe Eprron oF Tae Stx—Sir: While individe
uals of the Rey. (?) Broughton's type are allowed
by the religious bodies which they represent to go
shoutunmuszied there will continue to be an ine
creasing lack of dnterest in religious matters and
practices, The diferent denominations should take
Spee ty measures for the eatinction of the Broughtoa
Bpecies, nh

New York, Feb, 8,

 

Dr. Hale Succeeded by the Rev, 8, A, Ellote
From the Boston Da Wy Advertiser,

Rev, 8. A Eliot, aon of President Eliot of Harvard,
wae Tueedlay electe | |) astor of the South Congregae
tional Church, Dr, Kiward Everett Hale, who has
been pastorof the chu ch for forty-four years, bad

| put the matter in such a way that nothing remained

iMinend arbitration to the two be liver |

Vix dicatoa, |

bulto accept his resicnation and select his auce
Cessor Mr, Fliot's last pastorate was with the First
Unitarian Church of Brooklyn, where he passed five
yeara, from Lav to Lsus

Fancy Price for a Fast Antomobile,
hrom the Trotter and Pacer.

Ab automobile that cost when new $3,000, sold a@
auction recently in Paris for $14,200, after making@
fast record. Itappears that developed speed ie vel
Wable in machines as well as in borees,

 

|
i