~s

=

   
  

TAMMANY WOULDN'T TAKE TWO
EGISLATORS FHOM ONE SALOON,

Kennedy Inaiated on Being Alderman and
«en Joe Couldu't’ Go to the Assembly
Now He Has Bought Callahan's Place
and Will Go to Congress if He Wants To,
Mr. Kexneovs We resign
Jor, the bartender,
Hewry, the lunchman,

Joseph O'Brien, aside from having the honor
of being the standard bearer of a First ward
political club, also had the honor of being head
bartender in the saloon of Alderman Michael
Kennedy at the corner of White and Elm
streets, O'Brien has flery red hair and
is known tn Col. Murphy's baltliwick as
“Fighting, Joe.” Wheo ‘Tammany Hall
made the announcement that the Hon.
Dan Finn was to be put on the bench,

young O'Brien, who recently ovlebrated his |
twenty-second birthday, announced that he |

Was going to be the next Assemblyman from
the Firat district. His friends got up @ petl-

tion addressed to the Tammany leader |

beguing Col. Murphy to give “Fighting Joe”
the nomination, The petition was signed by
several thousand persons living in the district,
but just when “Fighting Joe’ had the nomi-
pation within reach, his bose, Mr. Kennedy,
eame out with a claim to the nomination for
Al:erman, Thereupon Kenuedy’s friends
served a@ notice upon “Fighting Joe” two the
effect that it he did not get out of the political
fiaht he would lose his job as head bartender
in Me. Kennedy's saloon,

“Sure, you're too young to be a politician,”
eald one of Kennedy's friends, “It ‘ud look
nice, wouldn’t it, for you, the bartender, to be
up there making laws at Albany for Mr. Keb
nedy, the boss, when he'd ba an Alderman ip
the City Hall. If he gave ye a call down be-
hind the bar to-day, to-morrow you might go
back to Albany and pass some law that would
put him out of his Aldermanic job, d’ ye see?
It ’ud never do at all.”

“That's all right,” said Joe; “I don’t want no
aufffrom you. I know what I'm doing. If I
get the ‘Sembly nomination It sim)ly means
that I'm ‘lected, see? The boss can be an
Alderman and I can be an Assemblyman, too,
I could stay home in the store on the Alderman
meeting days,and he could stay home and
mind the place while the Assembly wae io
session.”

The matter flually got to be a real fight. The
boas insisted upon having the nomination for
Alderman and the bartenter insisted upon go-
ing to the Assembly. The Tammany district
committee did not like tothrow "Fighting Joe”
down, for the reason that Joe had organizeda
line of social clubs that reached from the Bat-
tery wall up to the end of the district, He had
succeeded In having himself elected an officer
of almost every one of these clubs, To throw
him down meant the loss of many votes, But
Mr. Kennedy had friends, too. He was the
President of the Ancient Order of Hibernians,
and Tammany could oot afford to throw him
down. Several conferences were held in the
district and “Fighting Joe” was fina'ly told that
Tammany could not give two legisiative plums
toone saloon, This wasalsotoldto Mr, Ken-
nedy, Both were told to get together and set-
tle upon one man for one nomination. The
bartender could be an Assemblyman or the
bossa could be an Alderman.

The man at the lunch counter in the saloon,
Henry Fucha, sided with the bartender. He
went so far as to tell the boss that he, the bosa,
ought to withdraw and «ive the bartendera
show. “Guinea Jim.” the Italian bootblack tn
the saloon, sided with the bosa,

*‘Joe-a he too young,” said the bootblack.
“He make-a de biz behind de barand de boss
he make-a de /aws. This much-a bet.”

“Vhen I vould seen Joe elected on Albany,”
said the lunchman, “I vou!d yet be glad so
much I vould give my vifeS2aveek more for
her wages. Joe vere a good fellow. He give
meaglass boer vhen I like. Vhen he fight mit
der boss on politics, I'm mit him. Vhen Joe
vere a Congressman on Albany, den he don't
need to tend bar no more und [ need not to be
alunchman. I getajob mabbe, too, Vhy not
I be a fireman commissioner, vhat?”

Every day for two weeks the lunchman and
the bootblack quarre|led asto who should get
the nomination, the bosa or the bartender.

The boss finally toll the bartender that hea
was going to got the nomination for Alderman
and that the bartender had better wait until
next year,

“All right,” said Joe, in mournfultones. Not
being sure of getting the Assembly nomina-
tion, he decided to withdraw from the fight,
believing that ifhe did not withdraw he might
lose his job as bartend:r,

*T'll get square some day,” said Joe

“Dot's right,” suid the lunchman, “und vhen
you get square I'!! bo 'round.”

It was the custom of the lunchman and the
bartender to goto a neighboring saloon each
evening after the closing of Kennedy's, and
there console each other on the throw-down of
“Fighting Joe.” The saloon they went to was
the kim eafé,at 82 Em street, owned by
Michael Callahan, who hashad some experi
eneeasan Assemblyman. “lighting Joe” was
ectting pointers on Assembly politica with an

when he and the !unchman were sitting In
Callahan's, the brewery ce llector came around

and sald things. Joe, the bartender, and Henry, |

the lunchman. were good listeners. They had

juat dropped in from Kennedy's, which is next |

door to Callahan's, and when tiey heard what

the brewer's collector said they put there |

heads together and did a loto! whispering.

“Vouldn't dot be fine?” said the lunehman,

"You bet it would,” suid the bartender.

“Den if ve bought this place out ve could our
own toss be, and throw up next door our joba,
Den ve could be vhat politicianers ve liked,
aint it?”

"You bet your life.” sald Joe, “and then no
one could keep me out of the Assembly,”

“But vhat vould our boss, Mr. Kennedy, say
on such ating like dot?” asked Henry,

“He wouldn't have anything to suy about it,” |

answered Joe

Kennedy ‘nally got the Aldermanie nomts |
nation, and was elected, Joe, the bartender,

continued to work for him, as did Henry, the
lunchman. Both saved mouey. Almostevery

day they made inquiries about the adjoining |

saloon and its proprietor, Mike Callahan,

“It's gettin’ worser,” whispered the lunch-
man. “I saw_a man which looked like @
brewery Sheriff go in dere yesterday night,”

“Say nothin’ and aaw beef,” said the bar-
tender.

At the end of another week Kennedy's lunch-
man crept softly overto Kennedy's bartender
and sald:

“It looks yet more blue for Callahan and yet
more vhite for us.”

“And more blue for Kennedy,” added the
bartender

“Mebbe he t’'inks veare green,” remarked the
lunchman. “Veo vill show him ve are home-
mice American business mens und politieian-
ers, to). Den next year you can get der nom-
ination for Governor or vbat you lke und Lean
be areg'lar Martin Fngel in der First vard.”

"An Vil beth’ Tim sullivan of ch’ district,”
ead the bartender,

At the end of another week the Junehman
and the bartender pat on the r Sunday elothes
and wentover to Bverard’ sale brewery. ‘The
reault of the interview was discussed in this
way:

“Ach my, how ¢an 1 stop myself from
laughin’?

“Pata cork in your mouth

   
  

dey?”

“You can bow to our Duteh eustomers and
Tl shake hands with the Trish. said Joe.

“Harry for us,” added ilenry,

“Hurray '”

On Wednesday night lust, when the Alder-
man’s Junchman ant his bartender learned
that Mike Cailahan ha’ waikedout of the Elm
Calé, leaving {ft in the hands of his brewer,
they also learned that they were to be the new
bosses ofthe pince, But they cid not tell any-
body, about it unth 68 o'clock jas: night. At
that hour they puton their coats, alter working
allday in the Alderman's saloon, and honded
up their re-ignations, informing the toss that
they had thrown up their jote Then they
went next (oor to the suloon of former Assen.
b yman Callaban and tacked up this placard on
the door:

‘Joe, the barender, and Henry, the lunch
man, th Kennedy «, will oper this@loon at:
BS e’clock Mowiay mooning Wt bought ie,

Or ax» Henny.”

 
    

 

SS —

 

JHE WATER COLOR SHOW,

Phe thirty-third annual exhibition of the
American Water Color Sovlety opens to-mor-
row worning in the small ballroom of the Wal+
dorf- Astoria Thirty-third street entrance) and
will continue to Saturday, Feb, 17. The an-
houncements do vot state whether tt will be
open next Sunday or not, butas it has vot been
the custom to keep open On Sunday at former
oxhibitions itis to be presumed thatnochange
will be made, Buttwelve days is a short time
for thls show and if it were open next Sunday
there would protably be a large number of
visitors, It will be open evenings as usual,
The instalation of the exhibition has
been accomplished under great) diMeul-
tles for the hanging committee, the pie-
tures having been arranged on screens
ine storage warehouse and brought to the
hotel in sections. Yosterday afternoon at the
press view the pletures were seen under djM-
culties also, for there was a smal army of men
at work arranging electric lights, and carpen-
ters were udjusting braces to hoid the screens
in place before the walls, Itis regrettable that
the pictures must be seen in the daytime as
well as in the evening by artificial light, but
this is aphilistinic custom in great favor in
the United States, and the art societies do as
much to encourage it as do the dealers, who
overload their walls with crimson velvet hang-
ings and turn ona fleree glare from ineandes-
cent globes overhead. Water colors stand the
artificial hght better than oils do, however, and
there is less change in the tints and values of
the pictures,

The exhibition {s smaller this year than pre-
viously, a3 the wall space in the two rooms is
far more restricted than at the oid Academy
building, where all the galleries and the cor.
ridor were used. There are 250 pictures, as
against about twice as many last year. The
invitation list for the popular "Private View
for the Press and Profession,” generally called
“The Water Color Night,” was cut down con-
siderably for this affair last night, but the
rooms were uncomfortably crowded. How.
ever, Joy, a8 usual, prevailed, and it was, as it
always has been, & happy and successful ocva-
Bion, But one missed the spacious galleries,
the comfortable seats and divans, and the dee-
Orations of the old Acatemy. No attempt has
been made at decorations this year, as there ta
no place to put any, but the two rooms present
an attractive appearance and the exhibition is
oue of average merit. The greater part of the
work consists of pictures by members of the
soclety, but there isa considerable number of
sheets by outsiders, The tigure pictures,
tuken altogether, are much better than the
lan dacapes,

The Smu!! Room is entered firat, but the
numbers in the catalogue begin in the Large
Room next beyond, The first picture here to
attract attention is “The Low! of Oranges,”
No, 5, by Albert Sterner, and there is nothing
better, if 60 good, {tn the exhibition, It repre-
gents & young woman aitting on along hall
bench with @ bow! of orangesin herlap, Clad
in @ gown of dark green she is tn the act of
peeting one ofthe oranges and the figure is
very graceful in movement. The whole ploture
isexcellentin color, very harmonious, very
sympathetic and artistic in every way It was
eligible forthe William T. Evans prize of $300
for the best water colorin the exhibition and
why the jury of award did not vote the prize
to it must be incomprehensible to the fair-
minded outstder. It was awarded to Mr,
Clinedinst's picture in the Smal! Room,
“Long Ago,” No. 184, a very skilful
bit of work, refined in eolor and good in draw-
ing, but not of the most serious quality of
achievement. It represents an old gentleman
in costumeofthe early partofthis century,
seated ina prettily furnished room, smoking a
long, Clay pipe, While a@ liftie boy in blue stands
beside him, looking atthe smoke wreaths. It
{9 very good in ita way and an attractive piece
of genre, but notin the same claas with Mr,
Sterner's beautiful pieture. Awarding a prize
fa, in One sense, private business, but tt fs also
a@ matter of public interest, 80 that it will be in-
teresting to hear what were the reasons
that influenced the jury of award. Mr.
Sterner is said to have received two of the
twelve votes cast for the prize, Next to
Mr. Sterner’s picture (returning tothe Large
loom) is the picture by the President of the
society, JG. Brown, \. A., “Dreamers,” No, 16

It represents a street boy and his dog, and isa |

charac'eristic example of the artist's work, but

}

Brown's littie models. Some distanoe farther |
| onis “An American Primeval Forest,” No. 25,

by Edward Moran, a diMeult subject to paint
with its masses of green, but very well carried
out, and with a pointof interestina figure of
an Jidian with hia bow and arrow in the fores
ground. Next to this is a good little study,
“Tron Foundry Casting.” No. 20, by Jules Tur-
cas. Inthe centre of the end wall hangs a fine
half-length of ayoung womon !n green, ‘Leti-
tia,” No. 40, by Lonis Loeb. The committee
of award forthe Evans prize overiooked | his
beautiful work aleo, It is quite worthy of it
and is second only to Mr. Sterner’s picture, It
{s differently treated-with less frankness of
touch, butat the sumetime with great senate
bility. It is really admirable in color and
it is finely drawn, Continuing around the

; ) room we come upon 4 strongly painted but u
@a- Assemblyman as 4 trainer. He was also | p ae

@etting pointers on other things One day!

aympathetic feure of a fisherman in arow-
boat, “Homeward Round,” No. 51, by Edward
Potthast, A ON, A.; two briskly painted, bright
and attractive landacapes (Loth onthe seeond
row of pletures), “Stophnam Bridge,” No, 73,
and "An Ane t Drdge, Sussex,” No. #1, by
Carlton T. Chapman: and another, “Homeward
jount’ (No. 7S, Ly WHlH. Drake, the com.

 

Position jn th's case showing asma'l open boat |

witha sail ranning before the wind, witha

fisherman seated at the tiller, The boat fs |

quite empty and there is a curious glow in the
bow which looks like a fire, but aa there is no
cabin either the craft tson fire or the villain-
ous eleetric light has thrown a glint of
evening suniight quite out of Walue. As
it appears it) is inexplicable. This is
otherwise a good piece of water color

| painting, “Outlet ofa Pond,” No. 100, by the

efi jent and courteous secretary of the soctety,
C. Harry Faton, A N, A., a satisfying study of

green, blue and white; “Motherleas,” No, 112, |

a good figure ofaltte boy trying to thread a
needle, by Mrs, Holmea Nicholls; “Un'oading
the Boats,” No. 125, by E. Irving Couse, a ten.
derly painted bit of flaber life; a rather too
suecharine young woman in “Reverie,” No
12), by W. J. Whittemore, A, N. A.; a good
“Spring Landscape,” No, 131, by Alexander
Beh ting. ant “Vor the Winner,” No. 156, an

allegorical sort of subject with three youthful |

figures, ly J, H. Witt, A. N. A., are other nota-
ble pictures in the Large Khoom.

Among the eighty-seven pictures in the
“Smoil Room” besides Mr. Clinedinst'a “Long

Aco,” already mentioned, are “The Dewey |
y |

Areh,” No. 174, by Childe Hassam; “Portrait,”
No. 180, by Ros na Em met Sherwood; another
good flsher-life subject by E, Irving Couse,
“On the Baach,” No, 208, and “The Appointed
Hour,” No. 214, @ pretty single figure in blue
or green gown by Mrs Holmes Nicholls,
Other prominent contr.butors to this interest.
ing show, which, by reason of its central and
fashionable location and the short time it will

| be open should attract many visitors, are J,

“People vouldn't tink ve are us, now, vould Wells Champney, A. N. A. 1. C. Karla, AN. AL, |

Ki. Swain Gifford, N, A, E, L. Henry, N. A., H.

} Bolton Jones, N. A. W.L. Lathrop, George W,

Maynard, \. A. Leon Moran, Peroy Moran,
Thomas Moran, N, A., Walter L. Palmer, N. A,,
Walter Satterlee, James Symington, Henry B,
Snell and Irving BR. Wiles, N. A

‘The catalogue of the exhibition [* Mustrated
with twenty half-tone pictures (0 Lbeareon ite
cover a charming design tu colors by Albert
Sterner,

   

BRIE GEL MONKEY FOR SALARIE ,

Kast River Bridge Commission Follows the
Regular Taminany Rule,

The New Ea-t River Bri lge Commisaion an.
nounced these Increases in saluries yoster.
dav Edwarl Joyee, chief clerk, $2,000
fo $2,400; 3. B. Kavanagh, elerk and stenoge

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

CONNERY’S NOSE TWEAKED?

AUTHOR GETS WARRANT FOR CHARLES
2. RIDEAL, “FP, BR, OS, LIT.”

 

Latter Admits His Right Mand Was (lose
to Connery'’s Face — Author's Face
Marred by Scratches—Says He Was As-
saulted While Talking to a Woman,

Author Thomas B,. Connery appeared in the
Jefferson Market police court yesterday and
demanded a warrant forthe arrest of Charles F,
Rideal, “F. B.S. Lit.” whom he charged with
Assault, His nose, which Rideal threatened to
pull on Friday ata tneeting of Tennyson Neely's
creditors, was still in its proper plave, but it
was framed in two clearly defined scratch
wounds, Magistrate Olmstead issued the war-
rantand Detective Herrlich of the court squad
served it, returning {na few minutes with his
prisoner.

“1 was standing in the hallway of 114 Fifth
avenue this morning talking to a young lady,”
Author Connery said, “when this man, Rideal,
came up to me and bowed and scraped his foot
and said that he wanted toexplain, Itold him
that I did not want to have anything at all to
do with him, and that my future intercourse
with him would be through the courts exclu-
sively, Then he set upon me suddenly, with-
out a word of warning, and scratched me as
you see, while trying to twit-h my nose, I
think {t was a most undignified procedure,
And if I had only known that he was com-
ing——"

Author Connery did not tell what would have
happened if he had known, but asked for an
adjournment in order to bring his witnesses.
The counse! for the defence did not object, but
wanted to have his client paroled,

“Have you been admitted to the bar?” asked
the Magistrate,

“Lhave, sir,” replied the lawyer. “My name
fs Frederick 8 Martin. [think it would boa
good idea to parole the prisoner ip the custody
of my father, Carlos Martin.”

“Ah-h-h!” hissed Author Connery, “So you
area son of the D. D. and you want to have the
prisoner turned over to one of the men ins
volved in the charges I have been maxing. A
nice practice, Ldee are!’

Magistrate Olmsted soothed the author by
stat ng that he would parole the prisoner io
the custody of his counsel, who was an ofticer
ofthe court and could be reached by the arm
of law. Connery withdrew his objections, and
the formal examination was set down for to-
morrow. The complatnant subsequently
showed a letter to a SUN reporter, which he
had received yesterday morning and which
was signed by Charles fF, Kideal and Carlos
Martin. It was dated Feb. 2. It said:

“We were both pained and surprised by your
statementa made in open court with regard to
usthisafterncon, In seeking for an explana-
tion in our own minds, we feel sure that the
utterance came from prajudices unconsotously
absorbed from others, There is nothing in vur
business, aud we are contident that if you
knew us both, you would find nothing in us to
warrant auch characterization, We have both
of us tried hard, and we believe not without
suceess, to win a reputation for straightfor-
word and manly dealing, Should the circume
stances of the future bring us togethor at any
time, in any way, it will give us pleasure to
supply you with any necessary proots of this

"A cringing, crawling, undignified piece of
writing,” was ths comment made by Author
Connery.

Kideal, “F. R.8. Lit..”” who was also intro-
duced, admitted that bis right hand had beea
in close contact with the author's face, but he
contended that the contact had been aceldental
andthe movement which Jed to it, defensive,
Rideal! intormad the reporter that heand Carlos
Martin, D.D., were the proprietors of a pubs
lishing ooncern known asthe Assoctated Inter.
national! Press, but that their chef business
had been to criticise and edit submitted manu.
seripte for Neely. They had their offiee in the
same building as the Neely Company, and,
“strangely enough,” said Ki‘eal, “on the same
floor, too.” He insisted, however, that there
had been none Lut aceidental and exterior oon-
nections between the two firma,

BONAPARIE ADDRESSES WOMEN,

He Talks to Them About ‘Patriotism and
the Spoils System.”’

Charles J. Bonaparte read to the League for
Political Education yesterday morning & paper
on “Patriotism and the Spoils System.” Mr,
Bonaparte’s beaming suavity incitned his
audience of women to be as gracious toward
him as the gravity of their mission in the
league would permit, but his Gladatonian sen

| tepces enlightened them so satisfactorily upon

the subject of his address that upon Its close
none had a question to ask him when @ general

parte thereupon intimated the pleasure he

| would have in answering questions not directed
the boy is not in tace so pleasing as most of Mr,

to the subject of his address, and he was asked
what he thought would be the effect on politic
cal conditions of woman suffrage,

“LT hope.” he sald, “that this is not asked
with the idea of putting me into what is some-
times cabled a hole. I think tnat woman sul-

frage, when it shall come, will leave usin very |
| nearly the same condition in which it found

us. When younger | would have said that it
would leave us very much worse, I am pro-
vressing. Before T get too vid to lecture, per-
haps I shali say that it would improve us,”

In his address Mr. Bonapaiie, quoting the
man who said that he had rather be a patriot
than a pessimist, sald that that was a silly
statement, since no sensible man ever wanted
to bea pessimiet any more than he wanted
to be a dyapeptic, although peasimism was pot
incompatible with patriotiam, A patriot he de-
fined as aman who had falien in love with his
country. What, then, ought one to think of
the spoila politicians who pose as patriots? An
abuse of public authority to promote mere
eeliieh politica! ends was a erime againgt man-
kind approacving sacrilege, be said, and when
such men professed to love their country ther
crime was one shade blacker.

Colambia’s Summer Session.

The proposed Summer Session of Columbia
University has now been ‘definitely arranged, and
registration books will be opened on July 2, The
session will last from July 5 to Aue. 10, and
courses of thirty lectures will be given in the fol-
lowing subjects; Botany, Education, English,
Rhetoric, Literature, Geography, History, Man-
ual Training, Mathematics, Philosophy, Phy 6

lfeal ‘Training, Physies and Paychology, The

faculty will consist of twenty-four professors
ani instructors from Columbia and Teachers

coleges. No special examinations for admission |

will be held as students, both men and women, will
le admitted to such courses as they are found

‘qualified to pursue Final examinations will,

however, be held and cretit given for passing in
partial fulfilment of the requirements fora Colum-
bia degree ora Teachers College diploma. The
total cost of tuition will not exceed $380 fur the en-
Ure course.

The French Cooks’ Ball,

The thirty-fourth annual ball of the Socitté
Culinaire Philanthropique, the French cooks’
will be held in Madison Square Garden on
‘Yuesday evening. In the afternoon, as a pre-
liminary tothe ball, there will be the usual

| exhibition of delicacies prepared in the manner

in which the French excel. The chefa of the
leading hotelaand restaurants, together with

| those employed in any private tamilies, will

try to outdo each other In concocting and do.

} signing the delicacies which will be on exhint-
he

tion ball wil. commeneeatloOP M. The
proceeds will be devoted to the widows and
orphans’ fund of the society.

Sale of the Wernicke Collection,

The Wernicke collection of antiques and art
objects wil be disposed of by auction at 8

| West Thirty-third atreet, beginning to-mor-

row. Among the things that are catalogued
tor sale are a “Black Jack” silver mounted
drinking set of three pieces owned by Oliver
Cromweil, which is valued at $1,600: 4 royal
couch of Ludwig LL, the mad king of Bavaria;
a Firat Emyire tab'e act, made for Napoleon [,
by Thomire; 4 collection of cabinets of the
times of Louis XIV, XV. and XVI, ol! Duteh
and French jurotture; Datch and old Fogiah
aiiver and Shedileld piate, and porcelains,
sottertes, miniatures, paintings, engravings,
ronzes, carved mantels and hall ehime clocks.

Morton Commandery'’s Reception,

The seventy-seventh annual reception and

dri}! of Morton Commandery No. 4, K. T., will |
be held in Lennox Lyceum, Filty-ninth street |

and Madison avenue, on Tuesday evening,
Feb, 13, Delegations from commandertes of
New York, New Jersey, Conneetiout and other
Riates have accepted invitations to be present,
andthe preparations already made insure an
enjoyable evening,

Cornelius Vanderbilt's Horses to Be Sola,

Newpont, Feb. 3.—All of the carriage horses
avd high-steppers in the private s'able of the
the late Cornelius Vanderbilt were put oa

    

NOTHS OF LEGAL EVENTS,

 

A smal! batch of decisions was handed down
by the Court of Appeals on Tuesday, The

 

most interesting of the cases was Evan agalust |

the Supreme Council of the Catholic Benevo-
lent Legion, which was a suit upon a certificate
of life insurance for $1,000, In his application
the insured declared “that the statements
that Lhave made or shall make herein, and
subscribed to, are each and every one of them
true to the best of my knowledge and belief,”
This was followed by a statement that the ap-
plicant was on July 15, 1806, between 20
and 8O youre af age, Upon the trial there
was proof indicating that the = insured
was really three or four years older
than he thus represented himself to be at the
time he applied for this insurance, If the
statement in the appiication was a warranty,
the Insurance could not be recovered unless
the statement was true. If it was not a wir
ranty the contract was enforceable, for there
was no evidence or claim that the Insured had
intentionally misrepresented his age, The

trinl Judge held that the representations did |

not constitute a warranty; the same view was
taken by the Appellate Division in Brooklyn,
and the judgment bas now been confirmed by
the Court of Appeals, “The courts of this
Btate,” said Mr. Justice Wooiward in the Ap-
nellate Division, “will not attempt to makea
better contract for the insurers than they have
themselves formulated and subseribed, by con-
atruing into 4 warranty the statements of the
insured, made to the best of his knowledge and
belief.” (32 Appellate Division Reports, nage
247.)

Lodowich H. Jones, who has bean deseribed in

the Albany Law Journal as probably the best ,

known young attorney in Buffalo, is avain
prominent before the public in the Eighth Jucis
cial district as a prosecutor of the Bulluio
Poliee Commissioners, Messrs. Kupp and
Cooper, In 1808 he petitioned the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court at Rochester
forthe removal of the Police Commissioners
then inofMice in Buffalo, on the ground that

, they had neglected to suppress Sunday

bausebal playing in that — eily. The
Apne date D vision he dthat the Commissioners
had failed to perform: their duty in this respect,
but not with any intention of Violit.
ing the law, and accordingly refused to roe
move them, but at the same timecomp!iment-
ed Mr. Jones tor bringing the matter to the ate
tention of the courts, That gentleman haa
now instituted another proceading of a similar
character against the present Police Commis-
sioners, and on Tuesday the Appellate Division
appointed Charles J. Bissel! of Rochester ref-
eree to take proof in support of the charges
and report the testimony to the court at ite

March term, Aceording to the Buffalo paperay

    

 

————— — ———

FASTER FRSTIVAL PLANNED,

 

 

To Be Held in the Vist Regiment Armory
by the Cuban Orphan Society.

A meeting of the Schoo! Committee of the
Cuban Orphan Society, held at the Brearley
School in West rere street yesterday
moraing, was attended by forty or fifty men
and women, chiefly principals of private and
public schools of the city, who had assembled
to devise ways to further the success of the
Easter foatival which the society ia to hold.
The festival is to be held in Easter Week at the
Seventy-frit Regiment Armory, and ie
to be su.newhat elaborate. The society
is the one formed about a year ago
at the behest of some of the American officers
and their wives, whose residence in Cuba had
led them to the conviction that something

must be done for the children of the istand,
Gene, Wood, Henry. Brooke and Ludlow were
Int: rested inthe project. The society's offloers
Include Gen, Francis V.Greene, President; Robe
ert Bacon ot J.P. Morgan & Co, Treasurer;
Charles W. Gould, Secretary, and Mrs, Mary
Hatoh Willard, chairman of the Central Comes
mittes The Paster testival is to be called @
Children’s National Festival.

Mra, Willard, Thomas 4, Adama, who came
from Santiago; Mra, William. T, Blodgett,
Vice-President of the soclety; President Niche
olson of the New York State Teachers’ Asso-
@iation ant others addressed the meeting.
Attention was called to the fact that the long
continuance of warfare in Cuba had used up
the lives of the men of the island to an extraore
dinary degree, insomuch thac it was said
thatthe present population wis malnly women
and children, Work in behalf of the ehildrea
was necessary, the epeakor said, if the next

eneration was to be what all friends of Cup
desired and what the exigencies of the islan
require, Mr. Alams said that teachers of the
mechanical arts were especially needed in
Cuba. The boys who are coming up have
neither education nor the means of learning
proper Waysto make their lives usetul and to
ake care of themselves and aid in the devel-

| Opment of the country,

the proceedings cannot affect Commissioner |

Rupp, a8 he has already been appointed toa
new term of office beginning in March,

A curtous accident insurance case is reported
from lowa. The plaintiff? was injured by full-
ing from the cupola ofa barn whither he bad
gone on Sunday to catch some pigeons to cook
for dinner. In @ suit to recover compens@-
tion from the Imperial Accident Assoc ation in
which he was insured, the defendant con-
tended that the plaintiff? had assumed an une

contract of insurance, however, referred to the
occupation of the plaintiff as that of a house-
painter, and the Supreme Court of Lowa holds
that it contemplated the assumption of just
such risks as he ran in his excursion after the
pigeons. Ancther defence was that at the
time of the accident the plaintif? was engaged
ina violation of the Sunday Jaw; but this poal-
tion was also dec/ared to be untenable, as the

|
|
|

|

Sunday law would not be violated if the |

pigeons were intended for 4 Sunday jweal,

A medical controversy of importance and in-
terest has arisen in England out of the case of
Shaw against the Railway Passengers’ Insur-
ance Company, in which’ the plaintiff sought
to recover £600 insurance on the life of @
butcher, who was injured by being thrown out
of his cart and who died (en weeks later, A
soft mass, Weighing about a pound, was found
in the pelvie, This was pronounced to be @
blood elot by some of the physicians and at-
tributable to the uecident, Others were of

} the opinion that it was 4 sarcoma, ormalignant
invitation was extended todos, Mr. Pona- |

tumor, Which existed before the man was hurt
by the fall from the cart. The claim was
submitted to three medical men as apie
trators, and they decided that the executor

of the deceased butcher Wasa entitled to re

cover the insurance, In discussing the case
the Lancet intimates that even i) the niass was
@ sarcoma instead of a blood clot, it may have
been produced by the accident, as there ire

|

|
|
|
|

instances in which such tumors have grown at |

the rate of an ounce a day, “Dr, Dennis of
New York,” says that Journal, “has collected
statistics which show how frequent’y an lojury
is the starting pontof # sarcomatous growth,
and the conclusion is probably avcepted by
every medical man whohas had an opportunity

of atudying the subject.” There seemsto have |

been no question but that the accident hast.
ened death, but this would not have beea
enough; for the insurance company Was not to
be liable under the terms of the policy if a
malady existed at the time of the injury which
would have proved fatal even if the accident
had not occurred,

 

It is announced tn Poston that Messra, John-
son and Higgins of this city intend to earry to
the Supreme Court of the United States the
ease of their representative in Massachusetts
who was fined by the Superior Court in that
State for issuinga fire insurance policy there
made by an Insurance organization not authors
ized to do business inthe Commonwealth, On
a review in th: State Supreme Court, the state
ute under which the penally was imposed has
recently been upheld as constitutional, The
amount of the fine was $400, and it has been
paid, The decision gives @atisfuetion to logal
insuranee men in Boston, but not to outside
underwriters.

The Attorney-General of Massachusetts, at
the instance of the trustees of the Boston Art
Museum, bas brought a suit to compel the re-
moval of so much of the Westminster Cham ders
building, on Copley Square, in Boston, as ex-
eveds ninety feet in height, that being the
stututory limit preseribed for structures in

The meeting adopted resolutions approvin
the society's work and expressing a desire an
willingness to further the work and to assist in
making the festival a success,

The armory is to have various reminders of
the Cuban campaign during the festival, and
number of exXteaneous attractions, One of
these will bea Klondike where, ou payment o'
a small fee, achiid will be permitted to work in
a sand-npile, digeing until he finds a prize,
Nooths of various nations are to be established,
home satirist Was permitted to havea hand in
the preparation of the programine for these
booths, and he has arranged that Holland shall
be represe ited by a windmill with “everything
for bables,’

—— Brt Sales and Exhibitions,
ESTATE OF THE LATE

C. WERNICKE.

W. 0. B. CLIFFORD,
Executor, 220 Broadway,

 

Rufus P, Livermore, Attorney.

At Absolute Sale.
cn the Premises,

8 WEST 3930 ST,,

necessary risk which avoided the policy. The |

the enormous and

EXCEEDINGLY VALUABLE STOCK
OF BOTH STORES,
314 FIFTH AV. & 8 WEST 33D ST,

Anpraised Valuation, $350,000,

ACKNUWLCOGED
BOTH IN EUROPE AND AMERICA

TO BE THE MOST

EXTENSIVE, UN'QUE AND
UNPRECEDENTED COLLECTION

ANTIQUITIES &
ART OBJECTS

In This Country.
THE sTOCK OF

FIRST EMPIRE FURNITURE

Surpasses any in America. The
Collection of

DUTCH and ENGLISH SILVER
AND
SHEFFIELD PLATE

Is undeniably the most extensive ever Shown,

antinludes the celebrated Black Jack silver
mounted

Drinking Sot of

OLIVER ChOMWELL,

The Royal State (ouch of the Mad King
Ludwig Tl, of Bavaria.

A Most Super) FIRST EMPIRE TABLE
SET, mace for Napoleon 1,, by Thomire.

A gigantic carved English oak HALL

CHIME CLOCK, by B. Wilkins, Grey |

Friars, London, 1748, playing eight old
Fnglish melodies,

A notable collection of English, Dutch,
French, German and = Italian PORCE-
LAINS and POTTERIES, 100 MANTEL
and HALL CLOCKS, JEWELERY, MIN-
IATURES, CARVINGS, CURIOS, CAB.
INETS, PRINTS, ENGRAVINGS, and
PAINTINGS, including two examples by
D. ‘Teniers, DJ, ;

A collection of LOUIS XIV., XV. and

"XVI. old Duteh and French MARQUE.

that locality. The owners of the building, oa |
the other hand, are sulng the city for $200,000 |

damages, which they claim to have sustained
by the imposition of such arcstriection upon
the height of the adifice, The Massachusetts
statute permits A recovery againstthe munict-

pality on aceountof such injury asthe lande |

owner may suffer by reason of the limitation,
There isa prospect, however, that the Legis-
lature may exempt the Westminster building

and approve iC asitnow stanis; so that Mr,
Justice Kuowlton of the Supreme Court has
postponed the hearing of the Attorney-
General's suit for the present

 

The Western Union Telegraph Conpany has
been successful recentiyin the Kentucky Court
of Appeals ip a case Where the plaintiff? sought
to recover damages because his telegram was
not delivered With sufileient promptitude. The
deaputch reuched the receiving oMee in the
night time, The business of the office was not
large enough, in the opinion of the telegraph

' company, to warrant the employ tofuamihe
messenger there; but th) si Was delive
ered tha next Morning at edo elon ahe

Court, enesk ng tarough Chie! Justice thay
rivg, who aduitistered the oath of offfee to
Govbelon Thursday, Wolds Chat the resiiation
Wis 4 retaoni! ono, aod that the eender
the message had Qe couse of complaint agaist
the telegraph cOmpany tor the devay

In @& decision rendered on Tues tay at Mome |

phis, Chancellor Heiskell of Teunessee upheld

    

     

 

the validity of a slave marriage and aware t
dower to plaintiil who e| efit by rescon
her marriage when aalave. Dy tis opinion he
deelaced stieh a union to be as binding as any

other form of matrimonial tie

 

sen ae in a a IT

: ae
BiROWN'S troche

   
 
      
   

 

‘TERE Chippendale and Mahogany FUR-

NITURE,
A Magnificent Pair of ROYAL DRES-

DEN VASES, 4 feet in height. Freneh |

and Florentne CARVED WOOD MIR-
RORS, BRONZES, VASES, &e.. also
FIXTURES, SAFER, HORSE, WAGONS,

ON EXHIBITION
MONDAY, Feb. 5th to 0th,

vA. M. TO 6 P.M. AND
7.2)70 10 P, M,

SALE COMMENCE

Monday, Feb, 12th,

AT 1 O'CLOCK,

and Every Afternoon Thereafter Until the
Entire Collection is Disposed of.

Terms of Sale, Cash = Deposita of 25 per cert.
required from all purchasers.
Catalogues mailed on app'teation t»

C.E. SMITH, AUCTIONEER,

MVGAEROCKER ACH -O 800i,

8 WiS” 28h ST.

Rew Publications,
INCERSOLL,
PAINE,
VOLTAIRE,

endo all the yroat Freethought wntera, For cate
Hecopy oft Truth seeker, udidr s@

1 ‘ ‘
TRUTH... . CO, ts La’ayette place, New dre

goareep- f famous, errons Bought & Sold

WALTER RB. BE J Aas
1126 Br adway New York
BEND POR PRICE Lin ls

AimetlIAN Ga ENING,

eid

&e,

    
  

   

    

LE

TERS

 

it

of dollars in

BROOKLYN,

 

Into Evangelistic
Districts for More Effective Work.

The Borough

is to be continued €

under the direetion of the | urnitu re
loca) ministers, and for the more effective and ®
systematic carrying on of the work the bor-
ough has been divided into the following evan-
Greenpoint,

The revival in Brooklyn
this week solely

Twenty-sixth

Heights, Bushw
The pastors
strict and one mem-
committee will make ar-
meetings and will be

Clinton street,
| srooklyn and Ridgewood,
of the churches in each «
ber of the executive
rangements
held responsible for their success,
Monday gatherings at Association Hall
also be continued,

INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE ALMANAC—THI8 DAY,

..7:06 | Sun sets 6:21) Moon rises. 11:23
HIGH WATER-—THIS Day.

Sandy Hook.10:51 | Gov, 1d.11:°3 Hell Gate.

SaTuRpay, Feb, ¢

fe Lucania, McKay. Liverpo
Caven, Liverpoo.,

Salerno, Pearpark New

Re Melbourne. Kors, Dunki hk oh,
Capri, Rambuasch, Pornanishuco, Jan. 17.
se Ardandear
Kansas City, Fishe
Princess Anne, Davia N ‘ as
Manhattan, Bennett, Po tland Feb, 1.

 

Campania, from New York, at Liverpool
Penusylvania, fromm >

PROM PORPIGN PORTS
i Haste for New York
+ New York. from
Noord and trom Antwerp
Columbia, from Genoa tor New York,

for New York,

OUTGOING BTFAMSHIPS,

Raale, Bremen

Caracas, La Guayra
Yomanche, Charles
El Monte, New Oris

»;

St. Panl. Southampton
Germanic Liver;

=e

Beneca, Havana
} Trinidad, Bermuda
Ban Marcos, (ialyveston

Ja Champagne, Havre
Matanzas, Tampico .....

 

INCOMING STEAMSHIPS,

Im ZOD

 

»Christhinsand

Caribhee.....

SV -ReReeeee

 

Ja Champasme,

wn

<&

x
Cx eRe ove eT

ot

>

 

 

New Ovleana,

“dneaday, Feb, 2,

Lue Thursdoy

Lyons Silks, ~%

Rich Fancy Crépes,
Broché, Metéor and Empire Crépe.
Printed and Enlevage Crépe.

White Silks for Wedding Gowns
Cachemir and Fancy Squares
for

Waists.

Printed Foulards, Soft Satins,
Rich Panne Velvets.

Sdtoadwvay KE I gib Olreet.
~The Annual Statement

The Mu

 

of

tual Life

Insurance Company
of New York

appears on the last page.

This is the largest Life Insurance Company
in the World.

It established during the year 1899 over One
Hundred and Sixty-nine millions

insurance issued

exclusively upon selected
unimpaired lives

and the premiums were paid in cash,

 

Horner’s

Merit and Economy.

Not only can everything
meritorious in Furniture be seen
at our establishment, but no-
where can such a comprehensive
exhibit of fine goods be found,
and nowhere can better values
be obtained, whether for the
Parlor, Drawing Room, Dining
Room or Bedroom—suites or
single pieces.

Throughout our warerooms will
be found many articles marked
down, notwithstanding that the
cost prices of Furniture at all the

large manufacturing centres have
been materially advanced.

Purchases made now will be held foe
future delivery if so desired,

R. J. HORNER & CO.,

Furniture Makers and Importers,

61, 63, 65 West 23d Street

(Adjoining Eden Musee.)

+ Business Notices.

——~

|
|

 

AAR RAARR AAD
Artiffelal Vichy
Manufactured from distilled water by
CAKL HM. SCHULTZ,
440-444- lat ave, New York,

Rhenmatism and Gout oured in every case
fine Lait. FAMOUS PRESCRIPTION 100,38

Always safe and reliable, 75ce bot, MULLER’

PHARMACY, 74 University place, New York,

DIbyLP.

CLINTON,—Suddenly, on Wednesday, Feb. &
1W00, Charles F. Clinton, aged 67,

Funeral from his late residence. 164 Mercer st,
Jersey City, 4:30 BP. M, Sunday. Interment
Oundia, New Hampshire.

NEILSON,~—At New Brunewick, N, J., on Saturday,
Feb. 3, 1800, Robert H, Neilson itn the 76th
year of his age

Notice of funeral hereafter,

POLHEMUS.,—At Flushing, L. L, on Friday,
Feb. 2, 1900, Emma C., widow of the late Joh
Polhemus, in the évth year of her age

Relatives and friends . re respectfully invited te
attend the funeral service from her late real
dence, 126 Madison ay., Flushing, L. L, oa
Bunday, Feb. 4, 1yoo, at 2:50 PB, M,

SCHWAKZ, -O» Feb, 6, 1000, William H, Sohwara,
aged 40) years

Funera| services at the residence of his aleter,
Mrs, C. FE. Caswell, @ Arlington Place, Brooklya,
Bunday, Feb. 4, 1000 ata PM

 

[ar RENSICOCK tides -evivete etation, Har
jem calrowd; 43 minuies ride from the Graad

Central Depot. Offlee, 16 Euat oid at

= ee  ?

Special otices.

 

oar CAP
JAMES P. BILO, Auctioneer,

TO-MORKOW EVENING AT 8,
AT
CHICKERING HALL,

DOORS AT 7:45 ADMISHION FREBR
TUE AUSTIN H, KING
COLLECTION OF
OU PAINTINGS
AT ABSOLUTE AUCTION,

' Mr. Sam. P. Avery, Jr, will assist in the manage

ment of the sale,

EX PIBSSION restore! by artificial teeth. Dr,
Dew Dootist #4 Lesingtou ay, cor éoth, Award
( miinan Exposition

 

     

PFESTTONNOGLNE DD FeO reresd cer 88EbES ‘ 81 Fis)) Nulas only by John 1. Brown & Son, Boston.) ! :
rapher, $1400 to $4,900; Nelson L. Robinson, | joard the Fall River boat to-night ands o : manele etunvEy BT Nuw sur’ a Rei oti oe
as ome in my place and bave a drink,” said | assistant engineer, 62.000 to $2400; EB. D, uous VF ore ‘hey were soni na pes’ give instant relief in POOKS—Ler Hee ec leetion oll books, paper g ¢Waie bus Friday, Feo. 0 Religious Aotices.
" <nopand GS, G. Le assist angi Grandatthe American Horse Exchan Novels, Wayariuns, exc ptionaly yoices io jereee 2A ee
And have yet unother by me in my place,” Knop and ©. ' owls, Assistant engineers, | > ee Ered nore aaa uk ha obap ang oarseness one ‘tha Tone ie Ae way 47th) Livontan seove ee APIBAMOW,..... Jan. un ‘\" MPILE | MANU-FL, 6th av. and 43d st., Sunday,
OS ion” 4s both helped to turn the key in , $100 to$125a month; J. A. ‘Tilley, assistant) yuck. There vere about thirty animals in jue 0) Ki ling’s © Out 1 t Fleet in Being,” inland Nestea ikcbsieoesce, Sorotieesana’ cecrek: ae Sie e W Bs Dr. cones Se vrmen oF ul
. i 0 lea | pithy 6 Out of Lintia’ "Flee oe ad... tesesereeeeeer ss CUPMUADOADG, .,.., Jan. 2 “o ot W ‘ Contusy.
| ensineer, $100 0 $110 u month, | eullevt ous OU Vreiuing' “zou dunes,” HBALT, 14d 6 OF, Momtegiag cee eos ss chopdon ments: .cJan, a? | weleome. use 12 the Kineton r

4