MMING,

 

NOW FOR FIN EB LLIARDS. Champion ail Wins a Close Race in the

A 200-yard handicap open to all registered
awimmers was the chief event In the aquatic
programme of the Knickerbocker A. Cy
which served to draw a large crowd to the
club's natatorium last night. The spectators
who lined the rails were rewarded

‘ antofthe A AU, | forthe spiashing of thelr evening dress by one
see oh ana 10 as ao the Knicker of the prettiest racos that has ever taken place
bocker A. CC. tomorrow night, Is attracting: | un ler the eiub auspices Fred A. Wenck of
more attention than any similar alfair ever the Now York A.C, a dual A, A. t ——
held in this country. As tts title indicates, the ; WAS oD scratch, and his performance o be
tournament ie for players of the first-class, and | final heat ran the tank reoord held by the
giz of the nation’s best amateur welders of the Cherry Diamond erack, TH. H. Reeder, very
cue will participale ‘Two of them hall from Mis- —_ Veet 7. J. Rolll

e from Illinois, one from Massachusetts , an Clief, 4 seconds, and ellly,
iT eashen this State, soit will be seen the event | 24 seconda, both of the K. A. C., were the men
wil be of a truly national character. Close fol peters against gg in ua - _— a
lowers of the gamean'icipate that amateur records serateh man took & long dive, and @ @

; hia stroke in short order reached Van Clef be.
will be amashod The reasons for this are mani | fore two lengths of the 80-foot tank had been

THE CLASS A TOURVAMENT OF THE
A, Ae Uy WALL BEGIN TO-MORKOW,

Bix of the Beat Amateure in the Country
Are Entered and It In Expected That
Records Will Go by the Board The Then-
tre of the K. A, ©. the Scene of Action,

fold, but the most important are that, while last) traversed) The pair then swam stroke for
year's schedule called for only three gaines, er- | Atroke = for foue fongthe, eradually clon
jing up on the Hinlt) man, a e
elusive of ties, thera must be atleast fiftean games | spurted ‘and leaving van’ ¢ hal caienl
this year to enable each contestant to play every | closed tha gap between Kellivy and. himself,

untii, making the turn, forty yards from the
fliish, be was oniy ayant behind the Knickers
bovkerman. Relily struggled desperately to
‘aaintain bis advantage, and made the last
l turn just before the serateh man, Ten yards
‘fromthe tnivh the pair were on even terms,
hut the mereury foot as |mmot vot the beat of
the dash for the wall and svon by a touch
seeenind cad foe thew) auhio A medley race, in which the competitore
line game, the style adopted for the ehampte ns ip | wwam three lengths, using the side, breast and
tournament, are 139 for the bieh run and 13330 sey dgeon stroke. and a consolation race come
for the average. Both are held by Wayman | plotedtha programme, The eres ak
. { . Quy are " open—Fi w vy FLA.

©. MeCreery of St. Louis, who will compete this | 92. yard Bangle a " Fine) peat s so tc
year According to reports which come from the | xy ., 24 seconds, second; 0.
West, heis in better form than ever

kerbocker A. C., .
| Van Chet, Keloserbocker A. ©., 6 seconds, third,

other man, and also that the stronger players |
will feel less nervous When they meet the weaker
contestants, and therefore be more able todo them
gelves justice, Of « the longer the tourna
ment continues tha nora chanes there is for record
The best ienres at the l4inch balk-

  

 

rsa
ins

 

    

 

time? minutes 3% 2-5 seconde,
A few years ago the amateur billiardiate who +oyard Medley Race, bandicap—Won L. Good.
ri . win, Jr, 8 racenda, 3 + Ennis, Jr. seoonda,
could executearun of 00 at the straight rail game | AA os CUE OR | ih pane

ould easily be counted on the fingers of both | geonde ‘2 ' 7 eee ie i

bands Nowadays, howover, runs of 100or nore | | 10-yard Conrolation Race, scratoh--Won by Wy, ©.
| Broecker, L. Verdenal, second; P, Buls, thin.

at the 14 inch balk line have been made frequent’ | qiue-d minute Jo 1-6 seconds. .

ly by all the men whe will compete in the Class |

A tourney Probably the hig lest run ever made |

by anamateurat this style of came is 194, whieh |
|
|

Meffert Will Swim Snondstrom,

The friends of Alexander Meffert, awimming
instructor of the Kalekerhocker A, C©., are
wrought up over a published statement in
The break wos made last fall in practice, and | which Gua Sundstrom, instructor of the rival
therefore is not allowed in the official records. | New York A. C., is referred to as the profes-
Foss recently averaged 20 in 4 400 point mame | sional champion swimmer of America, and are
against Tom Gallagher, the professional, and has | anxious to arrange a mateh between the two
been playing in creat form throughout his prac | men to decide the question of supremacy,

ment. ‘The game between | Mefert said yesterday that he was rather net+
toe for the tourname 3 fthe | Cad at the manner tn which Sundatrom 19 hers
he and Met reery bide fir to be the feature ofthe | aided as the American chainpion, an honor
coming matches | whieh the Pptokerhonker jpetrecter aa ‘ he ts

TT woo tour ent becomes the | Notentitied to, He is confident of his ability te

The winner of he surnamen omes the | datent Bundatfom and {e Willing to aim &
recognized amateur billiard champion of America | aeries of races to decide the champlonahtp, and
and also the holder of the $1,000 challenge em- | Baier’ a Iriends x N weer any a yom

T ophy is offered brace vman- | $100 ta $500 that he will defeat the N.Y. A.C.
blem This trophy is r yyacompany man | man. Meffert before turning professional aev-
ufacturing billiard tables through the AA. U., | eral times won the amateur one-mile cham-
to competitors in the Class A tourney, under con: | plonehtp ve pert. ering remarkable

+ hic +t 1 identic th th | records in tidal water. which, however, cannot
ditiona which are practically identical with those | fairly ba compared with the t!mes made by lat-
thatgovern heembiemof the lawn tennis cham-

ter day amateurs tn still water.
pionship of the United States. ‘These conditions a

are as follows

Firet—It aball not become the private property of
Any amateur until won three times by him (not
Mecessarily cons outively)

was recorded by Wilson Po Foss of Haverstraw,
who has also entered for the coming tourney,

THEY TALKED OF GOOD ROADS,

Prominent Antomobilists and Cyoliste Meet
at the Waldorf-Astoria,

Second—It shall be subjcct to challenge each year In the Myrtle Room of the Waldorf-Astoria,
(90 long as itiv open for competition) by the winner | there was last night what might be calleda
of the Class A tourney only, given by the Amateur ) ypion of the old and new forces of workers for
Athletic Union, | good roads, It was the first meeting under

Third—It must be defended immediately upon the | ty» auspices of the Good Roada Committee of
termination f the Clase A toarney, or &# #000 48 | the Automobile Club of America, It was
possible thereafter or forfeited to the perty tasning | not amass meeting, but rather one for the
the challonge, The A. A. U. Billiard Committes | 4.44) members aud those tdentified with the
ebell have the powerto fix the date and hour for :

Sis ack bea, i cause, Prominent workors in the League of

Fourth—The game that sball decide the champion: | American Wheelmen were present and the
ship ‘after challenge shall be S00 points, L4-inoh | CYelsts and cutomoblliste were about equal in
balk-line gawe anchor barred), and played upon a | DUmMbers.

Brunswick Palke-Collender Compane's table. it | The ultimate object to which the meeting
shall be played in the same place and andecsimilar , Was preliminary {fe tha securing of a large
conditions as the tournament games, if poss bla, | appropriation by the State Legislature for

Fifth For the safety and proseryation of theenp | highway improvement under the Higble-

 

the bolder must, until it becomes ite) rivate prop. . } :
erty, intrust it to the cere of some )rominent ira » Atmatrong law. The apenkers included:
for exhibition or storege, who shal recep: for it Gen, Roy Stone, F. G, Harrison, of the
and become resp maible to the donors for ite safe OMece of Road Inquiry of the Depart-

keeping and delvéry, Said custodian must be ac-
ceptable to the donors

ixth—Incasethe winnerof Clase A tournament
forany reason should decline to challenge forthe
ebampionahip, ‘he privilewe of tasning that chal
lenge shall be awarded to the second inon on that
tournament, but under noother couditions shall the
second) maninu any class A tournament have that
privilege,

ment of Agriculture at Washington; Edward

A. Bond, Chief Engineer of the State of Naw

York: Henry I. Budd, Commiastoner of Public,

Roads of New Jersey ; Thomas C. Mendenhall

of the Massachusetts Highway Commission,
Dente pane of the death of the eta: ' and President George F, Chamberlain,

prior to the Class A tournament of that ve apoB | The club members present ineluded Whitney

emblem (if mot tue private property of tie d-eeaeed) | Lyon, C.J. Field, John Brisben Walker, Dr. F.
rhall beawarted to the wonerof tie ClissAtour, ¢ Chamberlain, Homer W. Hedgeand A. H,
nament immediately following the deat) of the | Whiting. Some of those prominent aa L. A. W.
amateur champion, to be subsequently governed by | workers who attended were: Ex-President I,
tae above coaditivus, |B. Potter, HB. Fullerton, Viea-Consulo! New
In addition to the challeuge emblem five other | York ; W. 4. Bull, Becretary- Treasurer ; Charles
prives are offered by the Kh. A.C. as follows E aimee, uty F, Pe onie nisher, Alex Schwal-
Firat—To the winner, a toflet eet, consisting o bach and Dred. ©, Lelhoy,
thirty pieces of silverin a case, made (en ene Gen. Roy V. Stone directed attention to three
design, great enierprisea in connection with good
Becond—A clock, with Westminster chimes and | roads work. He said
bell attachments, “Three years ago when the price of ateel
Third —A li iene ast of original design | rails wea below a cent a pound we were on the
Pourth—A gold medal designed by Alfred Bren- | point of auceess in introducing the general use
pan and art in jewels) for the highest run ofthe | of ateel tracks, but forthe jack oftwo or three
wurney >
Fifth A goll menalof elmitar deatgn and aetin | {housand doliare to pay for special shapes of
owels, for the highest single average of tt rails wa were compelled to pateh up onr apeci-
eeoee, —_ we 8 *© men tracks from shapes already in the market
; ; and thus failed ro make them successful and
‘ The six players entered are; Wayman ©. | attractive. When stee comes down a@ain to
MeCreery and J. DeMun Smith of St Louls, | normal value It becomes the logical and neces.
Charles Vhigestie of Boston, ©. F. Conklin of | sary road material, [twill beespe dally valuable
Chicago, Wiison P. Poss of Haverstraw and Dr, for yonr vehicles in saving the wear and tear
I. 1. Mial of this city. With the possible eacep- | of one of their costly parte, the rubber tires.
ton of Mini and Conklin, these men are in the Your vebleles are distinctively road [m proverts
front rank of amateur bil Followers ofthe bnton stone roads it is at a great cost to theme.

 

 

    

 

 

 
   
     

 

game do not recard Mia eequalof J Byron. salves [therefore earnastiy recommend that
Stark and Ferdinand Vorgenburg, but as the you give some ald to the Diviston of Road
Players have severed their conncetion with the | Inquiry at) Washington, A eecond great
A. AOU and will noteompetein the tourney, Mial | departure when many of us have

is looked upon as being thea nest best man to repre
tent the iwetr polis tle is @ splendid match
player, and bis gameness may pull bim out of
matches against supposedly | supertor
In practice recently he defeated Foss in ¢
point game, averacing 13 'le has shown unex
ected’ Speed in bis preparation for the t urney,
noone match against Dr Haywood, at the K

ings hanks and the Ioan of thelr fonda on
county tonds exclusively for road improve.
players | meant. The camnaigy for postal savings banks
800. | is already half won, The third of the g@rand
| uncertakings whieh 1 would like to commend
to you isthe construction of a great national
{ object lesson in road improvement. Tt is the
A. ©, seorlng 400° points in twente two Ine | building of a national bighway across the con-
nlugs, an average of 18 422, with high runsof | tinentand wong beth its shores. Fach State
112, 93, AZ and 76 | could build its portion asa part of {ts own sys-
Of Conklin litde isknown inthe Fast. and even | tem. The Government supervision would in-
in Chicago, bis home, hts reputation is not ag | Sure the proper location. and connections
reat as thatof some of the other amateurs there, | Such a highway would be the great thorough-

 

 
 

  
 

 

 

Phe reason for this is thathe hasnt played inthe | fare of busiiess and pleasure vehicles,

billiard rooms most frequente( by the experts, and | L. OG. Harrison of the OMee of oat Inquiry
his prowess is not well established He went to | at Washington remarked that tt seamed a bit
Chicago about nine vears aco, and first became ; Strange that the club should have aent for a

 

known by defeating Capt. AC. Anson | haysercderto talk tothem abour roads for the

of baseball

 
  

fane in a friendly match after the Tatter had | machines woteh Le expected would revolution -
established a big lend Lhes { hilliords vag | iz@ the carrying business of the coun-
the Is-ineh balk line, and Conklin averaged a | tt¥. Me. Hart gon emphasized the value of
tritle over 7. He bas also defeated Morningstar, | systeus roads, by going back to

»Colonjal d

   

Who recently played a match with Selaef > \ s
Rays he does notexpect ty defeat suc i mes ry Bi entofnew States, potaly Ohio and Ken-
and Metreery, but hot to make cad tucky¥, Was made possible

showing Ye DU hopes ty make a creditable | ciate Md law of New Jersey, and illustrated by

   

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

Charles Threshie of B he winner | the relation of personal incidents how the good
of the (lass i tourne my "had by the ie. | roads of New Jersey, by bring ng the producer
A. ©, last December, and the manner in which and consumer closer together had low.
he bowled hi compe ltors ver gave tia | eres the price a tomatoes and
experts the impression that he had a good bit up | ther farm produce The point made was tn
his sleeve His work « 5 him to he one . the | ee nneetion with a farmer who formerly could
best tournament piayersin Arpericn. Inadditiy | D&B! on yo basket. to marketon a wagon and
to winning tie Class ts; r he aleo cant cat could now carry 175 baskets and sell them for
the medal offered for the highest run, by seoring | OMe" hird as imnen ata protit. In his estimate
74.) His record for the tourrey eompare well one-fourth of the vehicles of the country now
with thatof Martin Mullin of Cleveland. who w are oon rubber tres and this meant that Rood
first honors in Class A lost ven, but Whe fa roe | Peada must come. In concluston, the speaker
numbered among thee: tries t WHOIS Nob said that in relation to wood roada the autos

bie I mobile i y dec} { finden .
J, DeMun Smith, who with MeCroery will np | bile is a new declaration of Independence,

hold the honors of Missouri, is, neatts Mec rery
acknowledged wpetur s ;

Henry I

Budd, Comnuissioner of pighware ot
New Jeraey, said

that when the State Aitlaw

  

     

ty be the best ut {
*hieago n the ; ws waa first proposed it found mueh opposition,
be Aniehed a “ier T vrhenent dn which and that the ineraasing use ol the bieyels and |
Sorid’s Class [1 sina! very ) fade (he the efforts of the whealmen so augmented
sinte ati} Po d ‘00! these of the State board that the low was
pew taal t ae é passed in time to make New Jersey the
time ty surpass env past a y first nte to aid the counties in

4 bh viding good roads. “Bineea 1803," aaid he,

fuel) bali tise bite

  
   

   

 
    

 
          

      

  

 

   

ba r viltineds Tint mer ha St isepnropriated and spent $2,200,-
De MIS BDO OF Dick Peer He fortunes of O00 and built ahout 440 miles ef hard road,
bith: Fa War are Tek, | \ {mot t ur | Last year the appropriation was $150,000 and
prising t) see bin take enc’s Measure whe the number of niles but was ll, The zeal
they come together in the (urney ol the people ot New Jersey for goed rouda is
Foss and MeCrecry ore t trans, and thelr | now greater than ever, It {8 now possible for
Jon@ experience will eoum wh n thew | Dieveles and automobiles to travel over nearly
tackle Weir counger compete r A siete 1 Vilesof good roads, State afd is necessary
this advantage, thes i mre booked abiishment of goo! ronda, Our
as the tr tr nes n the « tr ire Blow: they ‘alk favorably, but
Foss lias snl pls 1 . i ’ nish the wherawithal, The effort of
farfromw | ‘ ev pl t Voaye fknock ven should be directed toward ins |
fng outearrins t ottohest tof a ir legialators to make sufficient
a Mev vis tir r t Pers ns for highway improvements,
eat’ 04. be the atitmphit wertrew mar Pond, Chief Pugineer of the state, said
The atoir, like all bil t nme t «frill arsme was ready with sur.
of possibilities, and. alt ih t nd Mec peers vey nl owans fer the building of as many
will rule favorites, ol timers would mot be sur milesof roads as the Leg siature wonld
prised ty sees rlyet t test theshutfie 4 priate oney tor His address was
and the honors mo ty the wonnestoer filo! interesting details coneerning the roads
MeCroery and Smith vol vosterday after | that bad been surveyed and wore ready forim-
neon from St Louis. The fs sid be was play provement, He ecnoluded by urging County
{ner in better f Vthanever before Hig health Supervisors and all interested to attend tne |
however, is not of the best, a hoomad ay fat a Fr, { ret ng, Albany that he has
against the « fhisy tle called tor un
& “smoker held in thea iKenie
( lab last night, while Smith practised Odes and Eada of Sport,
cafa with Dr vi the repr >
Rentative, wot here | . He ait my ‘ Cuan Soven ORANGE P b, 3 the newly slectad PRoard
} . ' ‘ } faoge Field Club have
that he is nov sche sv until Wednestay and commit-
until he FORE Her the tubhouse tle said he wae ary, William F
in no beiter form than when he was in the Class House and
, tourney last Decomber iis Come v Pp Meeds . an: ¥.F
fev, John F. Hat away and W. 1. dmith;
. . . Membership Comm ties Phi Meedor chairman;
Horses and Barn estes yed by Fire at the | Charles Wiley J.C, O'Brieu. FE, trellathes nite
Roby Race Track, Cros: Baseball, Pdoart bo pueda birnan
. Way sand Means, FD. epard, chatem { mF.
Crieaao, Peb. Ss -Lire destroyed the long Allot Ghasiee Wilrs, CoA. Ue “av a aur
Yarnatthe Lakes de dockey Clit’s paee traek auditing alsin A. Alenans George 8. Garrion:
, " £ harlea Woda tartar ! '
. ue e * night ih Ary Wisin the ced] they ‘ erie ment in i Be * A
sha'e of an Three « riers of amileain man. oll A. «, Wall arman. tennia W
la , ne ¢ we ner oe ° +, len ! mon tect * ! ' ! v W
ea ane a et ree a a 4 ata ‘ rhe chareman: sun, © A) Cros#, the Bea
be rebnilt and ber al tine f¢ rth wine fice Wer. Alek. Re oF re oes
z ' y in ’ © Spring 5 Palen, W, F. Allen, Fdwart D. bumeld
race meeting whch begins May 12. About a! Meeder, d. Charles O'Brien, FE. Gellatiey.

 

dozen horses were inthe building at the time, | 8: opard, A.C, Wall, Emerson Brooks, ¢,

All Wore rescued but three, | Charive Wiley and W, J, Kingsland, A. Cross,

’
ui \
teanammmnenrnntonh

 
 

advocatedis the establishment of postal sav- |

and reciting howthe devel- |

vreferred to the |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

PUERTO RICO LEGISLATION,

SENATE COMMITTER AGREES 10 ITS
BILL BY A PARTY VOTE,

 

It Provides a Government for the Island
<The Committee Favors Free Trade,
bot to Raine Needdd Revenne Fixes a
Tariff at 25 Per Cent. of Present Rates.

Wasninoton, Feb, 3.—The Senate Commit-
tee ou Pacific Islands and Puerto Rico to-day,
by a party vote, agreed to report favorably the

| itl providing a civil government for the island
i} of Puerto Rico, which haa been f.amed by the
} Kepubliean members of the committee, The
Demoeratiomem bers of the committee opposed
the placing of any tariff on trade between the
United States and Puerto Rico and the fallure
of the bill toextend the Uonatitution over the
| faland, and served notice on the majority that
} efforts would be continued in the Senate when
! the bill was taken up there to incorporate those
ideas in it. Mr. Pettigrew announced his pur-
| pose to oppose tho entire measure. Mr, Platt
| of Connecticut has served notice on the com-
mittee of his intention to offer an amendment
to the bill increasing the duty from 25 to 50
per cent. of the Dingley rates,
The report of the committee will say that
| the measure is Intended to provide only a tem-
porary efvil government for the isiand, to con-
tinue until the laws and ordinances now in
forve there can be revised and codified and a
more permanent system is framed by the
commission provided by the bill, The neces.

sity forsuch a commission is recognized by
the committee because the existing laws,
the judicial system, the codes of procedure and
the general politieal conditions in Puerto Rico
differ so widely trom those of the United
States.

With regard to the failure of the bill to ex.
tent the provision of the Consticution to
Puerto Rico, the committee cite a long Ilat of
precedents, bealiuing in 178 with the organ.
zation of the territory of Mississippi, showing
that until 1850 Congress had never by vxpress
enactment extended it to the peapleof any
territory, The committee therefore holds that
it is within the constitutional power of Cons
wresa either to extend or withhold the Constl-
tution in all such cages as it may deem advisae
ble, and that consequently it has the power to
levy customs duties on trade be ween the
United States and Puerto Reo,

The commitiee declares, on the authority of
numerous weil-established precedents, that
the Constitution and lawaotthe United States
do not ox proprio vigore extend to territcry
acquired by the United States, but only by
Congressional action, Neither did it follow
that Congress must Cregt the Philippines inthe
samé@ manner 4s Puerto Rieo, it being the

| opinion of the committee that each stood on
| its own merits. The powerof Congress was
Plenary, and it might doas it liked. In other
words, the provisions of the Constitution did
not operate beyond the States unless Congress
shoul! so enact. There was no guaranty [n
| the Constitution that a territory should even
havea republican form of government, or that
the civil and political status of inhabitants ofa
territory should be of any particuarcharacter
The Committee to-day made one change of
importance in the bill by striking out the pro-
vislon which permitted the appointment of an
Army officer as Governor of Muerto Rico. This
Was dove on the recommendation of the Puerto
Rican Commissioners here, who represented
that tho island bad alwave been under a Mili-
tary Govervor and they thouyht ittime for a
change. They were not, however, opposed to
| Gen Sravis but wished to guard against the
| appointinent of an Army officer as his Buc.
} vesaor

Ou the tariff question the report of the come.
mittee says that the bill as introduced provided
for free trade between the United States aud
Puerto Rico. This proposition was objected to
on various wrouuds, It was urged that it was
in violation. of the polley of protection, was
fn{miecal to the intereara of the United States,
with which Puerto Reean products wouldeome
in eompetition, and would bea precedent that
would have to be followed in other caaes that
might hereafter arise, Where the compotition
resulting might be still more injurious to
American tnterosts

The comiaittee carefully conatdered all of
them with the result that they do not regard
| the otjections as weil taken, They do not
{ think, for instance, that there ia in the propo

 

 

tion, because that policy has always been
maintained only as between the United States
and the rest of the world, while within ourown
| jurisdiction, among all our States and Terri-
| tories, there hus always been free trale, Now
| that Puerto Rico haa become a possession of

the United States, 1) would be an application
| of the same policy to establish free trite be-
it would be

 

but

treating this territory as no longer foreign, |
but American |
come

mittee are or the opinion that there would not

| tween the two eountries;

Aa to the second of these objections, the

result any material injury, !f there would be

any injury at all to any industry of the United
| States from the introduction into this country,
| free of duty, of all the products of Puerto Rico,
| and that if there should he, there would be

large compensating advantages secured in the
corresponding extension of our markets and
otherwise, :

So far as the objectton faconcerned that what |
is done with respect to Puerto Rico will bea |
precedent that must be followed in deal- |
ing with the Philippines and other islands |
we may acquire, thecommitteethink it enough |
to say that such a@ result does not necessarily
follow. Inthe opinion of the eommittes each
atands on iteown merits and Congress f4 not |
bound tn one by what it muy see fit to do in |
aeaother, Ita poweris plenary and it may do
asit likes, |

i

Nevertheless, the committee, although dis-
regarding these objeetiona, have thought ict
he urgent necessity for a reva-
nue for Puerto Rieo, to impose on all dutiable |
articles Imported into Puerto Nico from the
United States, 25 per cant. of the tariff cuties
provided by the jaw of July 24, 1847, and also
to |mposaasimilarduty on allarticlesdutiable ,
unter the articles which may be ‘mported
from there into the United States, which, to-
gether with all internal revenue taxes that |
may be levied, shall be collected for the use
and benefit of the treasury of Puerto Kieco for
the support of the local government.

Road Drivers’ Association Discuss Speedway
Plana,

The Road Drivers’ Association met yester-
dayatthe clubhouse in Dyckman atrest, just
beyond the northern terminus of the Speed.
way, toconsiler the project of having a starter
and a judge to tneure fair play in the trials of |
speed among rival road horses. After a good
deal of discussion most of the members
present concluded that the proper place for
startera and judges was on the racetrack
| and not onthe Speedway, ani the project was
virtually abandoned. At the auggestion of
Capt. C,H. MeDonald the road ridera turned
their attention to perfecting the lawa govern.
ing the Rpeed wa A resolution was passed
authorizing Pres dent A, Bo Gwathmey to ap-
point a committee to arrange for dratting a bill |
for that purpose, It is understood that the
| measure will ba merely a copy of the bill vetoed
by Mayor Van Wyek inst year with the feature
to which the Maver objecte! leftout, Ths ob-
Jectionable fevture had nothing todo with the
restricton and government of the Speedway,
but concerned the private interests of some
parties whose property may be purchased by
the city ns an addition to Speedway Park, Tho
remarkable growth of pablie fnterest i) the
now famous driveway is exnected to inaurethe
| passage of the proposed bill without oppos.- |
tion, It will be submitted to the Mayor for ap-
proval before it is introduced at Albany.

best, in view o

 

 

  

Trap Shooting.

The members of th: Crescent 4. C, held a big |
shooting tournament yesterday on the eroundaof
' theora@rvatonat Owl's Head The event of the
Gay was the firvet competition for the February cup,
which was captur d by Thomas W. Stake with the
good scoreof 18 out of 25) The gesuita follow

Prize Shoot-Ten Pars—irant Notinan, 1,9, @
Biephenson, 4,17; Dr H. L. O'Brien, 4,10, PE
George, actetch, 0; Charlies A. Sykes, 4,18; John E
Geughen, acvateh, 16, W. W. Marshell 4,10 Carl
G, Rasinus, 5.6,0 Fo Werlemann, 5

Match—Twenty-Ave birda—Muarehall, 14; G.Steph-
enson, 7
| Match Twentyfive targeta—Notman, 14; Marshall,
1h; @, Stenhenaon, 14,

  

| Match- Twrenty-tve birds—Notinan, 18; Werle
mann, 11, Musmius ¢
| Swoeepatakoe—Fifteon  & ngles—Dy George,

Gauchen, §; Dr, O'Brien, 7
First Competition forthe February Cup -Twenty

| five aingles per man homas W, Sta
O'Brien, 6. 17; C, A. Sykes, &, ins Dy
aerate, 1) G. ote te

 

14; W. W. Macehal, 5 22 Gatighen
Itasmua, 2%; Werlemann, 1 i Chapman,
1

{ Ma'ch—Twelve paira—G. Stephenson, 14

Not

sana, 14
Pree Bhoot—Twenty-filve birts-Nogtman, 4. 20

    
 
  
 
     

 

Marahall, 5 Biake, 2. 1s; Werleniann, 16, ba;
Dr, Gaorge, Ferateh 1h; @, Steph
enson, 4, Ls. (he 1 De, Oren,
4 18. Shoat of ¢ ® Uirde-Notman,

 

yetive
20, Marshall, 5,20. Shoot of—Not

nan, 12 outor
* Marshall, 7 out of Ix or oR PRR

  

Indoor Baseball. |

Two nines revresenting the Collegs of the City of
| Mew York and the First) Naval Battalion plared an
mocaimneof baseball in the artwory of the
Seventy-first Regiment last night Rr

f their best batteries
rin the pointa for the

exhilutt

Hamilton and

eie Len ft
Collegians and

Kean beiu

   

Bey Lacd Weeks tor the tare The former recelved
t, and the came resulte Ni an Oway vie

net. N.Y. byaacoreof teteg

fwenty second Tesiment Armory laet

 

home team and the nine ¢

 

nighethy fom the Ninth
Regiment played ® fast and rather clos game,

| sition any departure from the polley of protee- |
|

th teams had |

    

 

Mrs. Fannie Buckland Hart Is Perhaps the
Oldest N ative-Born New Yorker,

Mrs. Fannie Buckland Hart who, if not the
oldest native born citizen of the municipality,
comes close to enjoying that honor, is dangerously
ii of pneumonia. If she is spared until March
14 next Mrs. Hart will be 100 years old, Her
physicians believe that she has strength and vi-
tality enough to weather the storm and will live
ty take part in the centenary celebration which
her family and friends have been arranging for
next month, Mrs, Hart is the mother of Council
man Harry Hart, Tammany Hall leader in the
Thirtieth district, and of William Hart, for thirty
years a well known business man in Catherine
| street. Her father, the late Col. Henry Buck-

land, in the days when the century waa young
was one of the foremost contractors of the city,

 

MRS, FANNIE BUCKLAND HART,

His remains now repose in the family vault io

St. Paul’st hurch yard, at Broadway and Vesey
| sireets. Her husband, the late Col) Levi Hart,
Was Colonel of the Seventh Regiment, according
to the family ehronicles, in 1825. He was ade
ascendant of John Hart of New Jersey, one of
the intrepid spirits whointhe dark days of 1770
to 1776, perilled life and fortune for the Revolu
Uonary cause. Col, Hart died @ young man, in
the forties, but his mother lived to a round 100
years

Mrs. Hart was born and spent her younger days
in @& big old colonial house on Greenwich street,
near what is now the corner of Hudson street.
At that time it was one of the fashionable resi-
denial sections of the city, Chambers street
| Was the northern boundary of the city east of

Broadway. ‘The Bowery wasstill Bouwerie Lane,
and led out to the old Boston post road, and Green-
wich villoge, now the Ninth Assembly district,
was as far away from the busy hum of municipal
life as are Sullivan county or the Adirondacks
toalay All this is brought back by Mrs. Hart's
remembrance of the cholera scare, when her hus-
band took her and her child out of the city to
Greenwich village, where they lived next door
to the suburban home of Aaron Burr

Mrs. Hart is the mother of ten children,seven of
whom reached their majority. The sons are
Wilham Hert, who for fty years has been » man-
ufacturee of confecuoners’ supplies on Catharine
street, Jolin Hart, a retired business man, and
Harry © Hart, the present Councilman and Tam-
many leader from the Thirheth district. The
eldestchiid, Mrs. Yan Benschoten, adutful young
dauchter of 70 and upward, is now with her
mother. ‘Theotherdaughters are Mrs. Stryker,
Mrs. St. John and Mrs. Rider, The latter is the
mother of Ira Jc. Rider, secretary to the President
of Manhattan Borough

For nearly tifty years Mra, Hart has been
mistress of Rockbhall, a country home before Third
avenue was lald out and while Second avenue
was the stage route and post road to Moston. The
old lady, whose faculties are almost unimpaired,
has a keen recollection of the incidents of her
childhood. She remembers when as A iittle girl
she watked along the firm bank of the canal on
what is now (Anal street with her father who
had the contract to repalr the canal. She re
members golne with her father to the banks of
the Hudson River to witness the trial trip of the
strange new boat propelled by steam which was
then boing tested by Inventor Fulton. In 1895
Mrs. Hort found that her eyesirht, which had
been growing dim for several years, had returned
to her She discarded spectacles, and since
that tine Dad read and written, sewed and knitted
without the a'4 of glasses and attended to all
her househol’ duties nntiltaken fll twoor three
, days ago. She confidently expects to get well.
' pmcutieed:| cemented

FUNERAL PARTY FLED TO THE ROOF,

 

Fire in a Room Below—The Father Carried
Up His Baby's Coffin,

Fifty Italian men and women gathered yes-
terday afternoon atthe home of Antonio San-
tarsiere at 55 Oak street to attend the funeral
of his baby Marvy. The mournera were aa-
sembled about the coffin in a room on the
fourth floor when the fire engines rattled up to

the door and the coaches in the street had to
get outofthe way, Thetenanta on the lower
floora ofthe bu Ning swarmed into the hala
and ahonted thal the fire was on the second
floor. Santarsiere, the fatherof the dead child,
wrapped a bed blanket about the coffin, and
carried if up through the acuttle to the roof,
Many of the mourners followed him. Some ran
into the street, It was only achimney fire. The
funeral party came down from the roof again.

Sculpture for the Yale University Club,

New Haves, Conn, Feb. 3.—The Yale Uni-
versity Club has receivad asa gift a plece of
sculpture desigued by Grosvenor Atterbury,

Yale, (1, which his been placed above the
larger tireplace in the parlor. The name of the

| giver, whois an undergraduate, is withneld,

The design ia the seal o! the untversity with
astroamer of ribben woven about two flaming

, toreles, one on each atde of the seal, and with

the words running vcroes the ribbon on both

sides and below the seal, “For God, for country

and for Yale." At the top are the figures,

“100."") The seulpture {s seven feet by three

feet two inches in size.

Gambling News From Brooklyn Forwarded
to Mulberry Street.

Reports from the Brooklyn police inspectors
and captains in regard to the existence of pool-
rooms, policy shops and other gambling re-
aorts in thelr respective balliwicks were for-
warded tothe Mulberry Street Headquarters in
acvordance with orders fasued at the beginning
of the week by President York. It{s under-
atood that the reporta are not very voluminous,
the proprietors o nearly all the resorts having
stopped business as soon as they learned o?
Mr. York’s orders,

 

 

Cornell and Columbia to Engage in a Series
of Debates

Arrangements have been concluded between
Cornell and Columbia Universides for a series o
debates to be held alternately in this city and in
theca ‘The ageaement is for three years, and
the fest contest will be held at Ithaca on April 27
Strict eligibility rules have been drawn upand no
main will be allowed t debate until be has been a
fullacodemic yoarin residence at the university
he seeks to represent,

 

Ice Harvest to Begin on Monday.

Hunson, Feb. 4.—The lee harvesters on the
Hudson River from Aibany to Kingston are all
in readiness to begin operations on Monday
morning. Several of the larger houses asatarted
up to-day, The lee will be stored as expe.
ditiously as poasib'e, on aecount of the late-
neasofthecron, It averages from nineto ten
ioches in-thick ness,

| Col, Dady Mnkes Another Trip to Havana,
Col) Michael J. Dady of Brooklyn sailed yea-

NEARING WKR NUNDREDTH YEAR, ly S

|
|

| @lat to hear from

§ $23,000,000

torday for Havana, accompanied by his coun. |

' sel, ex-Senator Pavey,

Couneil of Havana and

VYood. Hetod his friends before his depar-
ture that he was more confident than ever that
he would secure the contract,

Dewey to Attend the Nashville Celebration,

NASHVILLE, ‘Tenn,, Feb. 3.~Admiral Dewey

to-day accepted the invitation extended to him

| by the Chamber of Commerce to vigit this city

and take part inthe ceremonies counected with

the formal presentation to Noahville ofthe gun

that from tue deck of the Nashville dred the
firstshot inthe war with Spain,

Found Dead in the Area,

Edorado Molinari, an Italian laundryman,
unknown to the polles, was found dead yester-
day morning inthe area at & Centre Market
pace. The ambulance surgeon who was sum-
moned sal! that the man's skull had been
froerured. Moltnarishad been drinking for
some time.

 

Jacob Worth Going to Hot Springs.

Former County Clerk Jacob Worth of Brook-
| lyn, who has been stopping at Rockaway
Teach during the winter, will start to-morrow
to Hot Springs, Ark., where he wiil remai
until! May. His health fe still muoh impeired,
and his triend@# say he firmly adheres to his
purpose never to reénter the political arena,

 

{ $5 for Shooting a Sparrow.

| John D. Collonge was fined $5 by Magistrate
| Steers of the Grant street court |

rookiya
The Twenty-second men were heavier biteors and | Bee” for shooWbg @ sparrow Ren

| won by the score of 14 to &

il a
asp ase en ee

He has arranged for a |
' hearng on his bog sewer contract with the City
Governor-General |

y

 
 

tr ‘ . on "Dp
URANCE FOR STRIKERS,
CONCERN THAT PROMISES 10
OR GET THEM NEW JORS,
It Invites the Patronage of Non-Uniton as
Well as Union Workers—It Hasn't Done
Much Business Yet, but Ite Hopes Are
High-Company's Home Office In Mere,

 

NEW
PA)

For some time a concern calling itself the
National Wage Workera Protective Company
has been distributing {ta circulars in the vari-
ous labor union headquarters. The name of
Stephen McKeon appears in the circular as
President and it also stutes that the company
has been organized under the laws of the State
of New York with a capital stock of $100,000,
The cireular, which {s addressed to the “Wage
Farner,” says that the company has “a twofold
objeot—philanthropy and benevolence.” It
proposes, the oMcers of the company say, to
create afund for the benefit of persons who
lose their jobs through no fault of their own or
are rendored idje by strikes or lock-outs, Each
applicant for benefits must pay a fee of 50centa
and « weekly premium, in return for which
employment ora certain sum weekly is guaran-
teed him, The amount of the benefit is propor-
tionate to the weekly premium, 50 cents a week
entitiing the beneficiary to$10 a week benefit,
The circular conetudea: “We pay you when
out of work for any causo except voluntary
idleness.”

The printed conditions, however, provide
that the company reserves the right to increase
the week!y rate in proportion to the number of
strikes and lock-outs, such increase not to ex-
ceed the rate of the class to which the holder of
the certificate belongs for any such atrike or
lock-out, this reservation not to be increased
for a longer period than thirteen weeks.
Another condition is that a man must pay
weekly for six months before he can derive
any benefit from the company, and the time
may be extended fora year under certain con-
ditions, Refusal to accept employment can-
ce's all rights and privileges under the certifl-
cate. The same thing applies toa person dis-
charged for impertinenc® or refusal to obey
orders,

ASuN reporter made several attempts last
Week to sea the officials of the company at its
office onthe eleventh floor of 400 Kroadway,
but found the door locked every time. Yes-
terday, however, the door was opan and C
Lasae}!, the general manager of the company.
was seated ata desk. The home office consists
of two small rooms, in one of which sat a girl
operating a typewriter. Lassell said that the
company had not been in business long and
was not yet in full working order,

“We'll have the place open ali the time after
this,” he sald, “Our aim fs to assist people
ontof work, involuntarily, whether they be-
long to unions or not”

Asked whether a certificate holder who had
lost his job before he had been six months in
the company and who was unable to pay any
longer would forfeit the money he had paid in,
he said: “Under the conditions he would. We
eannot give any benefit until he is six months
a holder of a certificate, and then he is en-
titled to three months benefits if we can’t pro-
videhim with work, After that he begiaa over
again. You see there are few strikes which
last for three months.”

tegarding the provision that the company |

could extend the time when the benefite would
begin fora year. if it were considered necar-
sary, he said that this condition was for the
purpose of protecting the company in case of
unusual demanus upon it. Manager Laseell
declined to say how mneh of the capital was
pala up. He admitted that little business had
een done by the company so far.

SHE ANSWERED MOORE'S “PERSONAL,”

He Said His Ubject Was Matrimony, but
Apparently It Wasn't,

William A. Moore was held for trial yester-
day in the Harlem police court on the charge
of grand larceny preferred by Mra, Johanna
Albers of 258 Weat 123d atreet.
office at 11 Broadway, where the sign on the
ooorreads “William A. Moore, Electrical Engi-
neer.” He inserted a personal ina morning
newspaper last September asking to meet “a
lady of means; object matrimony.” Mra,
Albers anawered the advertisement and Moore

made love to her. He said, she alleged, that he
would marry ber if she had enough money to
makettanobject. She is sixteen years his
Renior

Mrs. Albers sald she told Moore she was
worth $5,000, A few weeks after they met,
ashe said she gave Moore $500, The wedding
was set for December, but when the tine
camo Moore putit off. At different perio tasines
then she sald she gave him $417, besidesthe
$500, Several letters written by Moore to the
widow were put in evidence yesterday. Moore
addresses heras My Dear Pudding.” In one
letter he saya: “My only love-on! Got how I
love vou. Why don't you hurry the matter
about the lots? Now, dear, do as 1 ask you,
You know how lam fixe !. Get vour lawver
to fix matters right away and help me out of
this embarrassment for your love's sake,”

In another letter he wrote:
you I am unable to use
language to expreas my feelings. You are the
only one Tl love and the only woman I eould
love, You say you doubt my Jove at times
How ean you? You can remove that doubt
easily by trusting me, yee, trusting me with
everything.”

 

FORECLOSURE DECREE GRANTED,

Kaneaa City, Pittsburg and Guif Railroad
Property to Be Sold.

8r. Lovis, Mo, Feb. 3.—The application of
the State Trust Company of New York, trus-
tee for the bondholders of the Kansas City,
Pittsburg and Guif Railroad Company forthe
sale of the property of the company,
granted by Judge Thayer in the Federal Court
this afternoon, The State Trust Company
holds the first mortgage bonds, amounting to
The decree of foreclosure will be
filed at Kansas City on Monday morning,

The foreclosure ia said to be the first step
toward reorganization of the company. The
road will be advertised forsale in March,

Wagner Employees’ Tribute to Dr. Webb.

The finishing touches have been put by Tif-
fany & Co, upon the silver loving cup presented
on Dee, 31 last to Dr. W, Seward Webb by the
4,000 employees of the Wagner Palace Car
Company on the occasion of his retirement
from the presidency and the consolida-
tion of the company with the Pullman compa-
ny. The cup {8 14 inches high, weighs 157
ounces, and has a capacity of 25 pints, On it ta
portrayed the history and evolution of car
yuilding as developed by the Wagner com-
yany, showing in different panels the first
Vagner sleeper built with ita three tlers of
bertha and other primitive appurtenances, an
exterior view of Dr. Wetb's private car, and on
the lower part ofthe cura locomotive and train
offour Wagner cars, The cars represent the
different steps in car building and the engine
is Dr, Webb's Adirondack locomotive, — the
“Ne-Ha-Sa-Ne" A finely chased portrait of
Dr. Webb with his erest and the winged car
wheel, the trademark of the company, com-
pleta the decoration of the eup, he inserip-
tion is on the gees of the cup in Roman letters
and reads: “Dr. W, Seward Webb, from the
four thousand employeesof the Wagner Palace
Car Company, upon his retirement from the
Presidency, Dee, 31, 1801."
Brooklyn and Queena Now Contain Four

Fire Districts,

By an order issued by Fira Chief Croker the
Boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens are divided
{nto four battalion districts instead of three as
heretofore. The new d strict, which has been
put in charge of Battalion Chief William H
Delehanty, will embrace Long Island City and

all the adjacent territory, including Greenpoint
and the Bushwick sections of Brooklyn, The
order, which went into effect ves'erday, willbe
a great source of relief to the flre companies of
the Fastern district, whieh will now havea

muchs naller territory to cover except in cases }

of big fires

Franklin Murphy's Danghterto Wed Thomas
T. Kinney’s Son,

It was announced in Newark yesterday that
Miss Helen Murphy, the only daughter of
Franklin Murphy, was engaged to marry Wil-
liam B, Kinney, the only son of Thomas T,

 

Kinney, formerly the owner of the Nerark
Davy Advert ser, The announcement wane
something of a surprise. Loth fathera are

among the wealthiest men in Newark and the
families enjoy the highest social distinction
there.

Naval Orders,

Wasninoton, Feb. 3
were issued to-day

Iieut. B.C, Bryan, to additional duty with the
Civil Service Cou miston,

Commander K Inch,
grapted for three months

Theso naval orders

to home, apd rick leave

JOTUINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Sefior Garcia Cond’, Merican Consul Gene
Liverpool); Commander Booth Tucker of the
tion Army bir Charles Waller arg
from Liverpool aboard the Cunarder Livania

It was the French oil tank Le Lion that an
off Scotland Lightahip on Friday night with her
rudder disabled. She was towed up to the city yes
terday,as ber captain consiiered ber jury ruider

ot reliable for channel pavigation. he rudder

ine heavy snowequall on Sunday lass,

|

        

ore

RS

Moore has an |

“Lam morethan |

was |

   

eee

  

| The Annual Statement
of

Insurance Compan
of New York

appears on the last page of this paper.

This is the largest Life Insurance Company
in the World.

Its receipts for the year 1899 exceeded
Fifty-eight millions of dollars and it
paid its policy-holders during the
same period over Thirty-eight

millions of dollars.

SHEPARD’S “HAKMONY” BANQUET,

 

For an Interchange of Views nnd Not a
Discussion of Individuals,

Mr. Edward M. Shepard made this statement
yesterday in reference to the Democratic
“harmony” banquet to take place next Satur-
day night inthe Pouch Mansion in Brooklyn,
under the direction of the National Civic Club:

“The idea is to have Democrats from various
parts of the county get together in advance of
their National Convention for an interchange

of viewsand tosee ifthey cannot agree on
some common scheme of action,

“There are many points upon whieh all
Democrats are agreed, and it is manifestly
more to theinterests ofthe party to discuss
these than to emphasizo points of disagree-

ment.
| “The idea in getting up this dinner was that
it would be one of many such in different sec-
tions of the country, all with a view of having
Democrats who disagree as to certain matters
' find some common ground for union, The
| party cannot win unless it is united
“And LT would dearly like to ave it win,
When asked if the Democracy would have
| any chance to win with Bryan as the candi.

date, Mr. Shepard sald: “I prefer not to say
anything astothat, [think It is well to dis-
cuss individuals as little as possible,”

WOMAN DIES AFTER AN OPERATION,

Neck the Surgeon Severed an Artery,

Cuicaco, Feb. 3.—In performing an opera-
tion on Mrs, Tillie Dovey of 215 North Spring-

Hospital, Dr. Kenning cut the carotid artery,
and the result was that ehe died, It
that Mrs, Dovey moved her head and that tn

physician severed what he supposed was a

capillary, Later the bandage became = dis-
placed and the woman blei to death Cor-
oner's Physician Springer exonerates Dr. Ken-
ning. The friends of the dead woman, some
of whom were present during the operation,
charge the surgeon with clumsiness or care-
Jessness and sey he permitted his lance to slip,
They believe that he should have known
whether the vesse! severed was an artery or
; capillary and taken precautions to guard
against bleeding to death,

 

Collenes und Schools.

Fory oung Men & Women-—City and Country

SENFTNER SCHOOL, 13,A;10",niace,
’ near Broadway.
27th Session begins Jan. 2uth, 1900,

This school has successfully prepared thousands
of Law, Medical, Dentaland other students for the
Regent's Examinations and for Colleges

For desertptive catalogues address
| H. F. SENFTNER, A, b., M.D, Prineipal

N. Y. Preparatory School,

15 West 434 St., New York
Brooklyn. Claases or private work. Day or evening
Both sexes. Students prepared for any college or
school in the Un ted States

 

For Girls & Young Women—City & Country.

KINDERGARTE

' Nobo Sth Free scholarships limited ) Call early,
Specialty. supervision of Church Kindergartens,
ZA CUTTEN, Met. Temple, 7th av, and ith at.

TRAINING CLASS
WINTER TEKM

 

 

Business Colleges,

“ CLUB NIGHT CLASS

y; MONDAYS,
THURSDAYS,

ia a TUESDAYS,
v i. FRIDAYS

ei. sabe
bad / Private and Class In-
: ( / struction daily 9 A. M,

nd : toa? M,

~ Professional course,

co ACHING,
SPEPDING,
ALL SYSTEMS,

STENOGKAPHY
AND TYPEWRITING
TRAINING SCHOOL,

United Charitles B’g

105 EAST 22D 8T.,
ROOM 215
” F. FE. PARRISH

SHORTHAND

Summer positions always pay well.
Three, four, or five months’ Instraction
now will qualify you. “A Miller ¢.rad-
uate” is @ synonym for proficiency in
Stenogiaphy and lypewriting, Why?
Because we teach a Shorthand easy
to read and write The Grege. For 12
years we have been creating a standard
ofexcellence, Four graduates last week,
No Better School at any price, Day
and evening. Catalogue iree, THE
MILIER SCHOOL, 1133 Broadway,

| HZ Hy>Z He>r-4d0r

 

Bookkeeping,

HORTHAN)

 

ethe, enmanahip,
pewriting, ete taceht
day and evening ~ pave ilustrated Catu
log tree Puition reasonable, Sith atone
for graduate. f complete commercial

conse

SERTNEIE ecetnsenite, ts: %, 00 0s
NEW YORK BUSINESS INSTITUTE,

81 Kast 125th St., New York, N.Y,
CLEMENT C. GAINES, M. ALB. Prest,

WALWORTH INSTITUTE,

TWO scCHOOLS:
105-110 East 125th St,
Spalding Building, 20-33 West 42d St,

ress

 

  
 
 
 

 

‘ Practical instruction in Bookkeeping, Stenogr iphy,
r Peninanasbiy, &e. Tey and evening
tustious p red. Students beginning
i fni-h -uintne
Lorsenifor Prospec wegiving full particulars
WO000'S NEW YORK
| With Two Anne
SW Avenw and 125
non the top wave ¢
ye tn dagiary
Keepers and «tevowraphers last week;
mes our way, Day. and evening
bb. Wood, President

 

 
   
  

 
  

|The PACKARD &
COMMERCIAL SCHOOL

101 FAST 23'S TREET, NEWY RK (Comer Sin

 

sounded (3*P Ay S$ Packard Nearly 20.09
Students prepared for business =

 

be

:, ‘ ' 7
Long Island Business Colloge
14tt) 140 South Eighth at, Brooklyn,
BIGH GRADE COMMERCIAL TRAINING,
DAY AND EVENING HESSIONS,
Prospectus Free, HENRY CO, WRIGHT, Principal.

The Mutual Life

In Attempting to Lance an Abscess in Her |

fleld avenue on Friday afternoon, at Tabitha |
is said |

attempting to lance an abscess in her neck the |

200 Joralemon 8t., |

‘2 _| STUYVESANT

!

|

Colleges and Schools.

Business Colleges,

Paine’s Business School.

phy, Bookkeeping, Corres,
tauglit. Day and Evening. ¢
Uptown: 107 Weat S#thst eon, Broadway,

SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING SCHOOL,

1300 Brondway, 3rd Door Below
Thorough traming, shert course, individual im

 

struction, Day and evening. F.L MANSLEY,
'
|
|

Schools of Languages.

IMPEDIMENTS IN SPEECH

Corrected. Children or adults.

LIP-READING

Taught tothe deaf. Thirty-eighth year,
DAVID GREENE, 1122 Broadway, New York,
BERCY SCHOOL OF LANGUAGES,

A. FE. CAVALIER, Suecessor.
489 Sth av., between 42d and 41at ats,

~ —
Schools of Elecution and Dramatic Art,

STAGE INSTRUCTION.

Ladies and gentlemen desirous of adopting the
| stage as aproteaston thoroughly and practically in-
, atructed, Povtions eecured all talented pupils, Send
| for circular, EDWIN GORDON LAWRENCE, 106

West ald et.

Musical.

 

 

W. Y. Conservatory, 112 East 18th St.

| THE FIRST MUSIC SCHOOL in America,

Lessons DAY and EVENING Years on 14th ot
QUARTERS BEGIN from date of Entrance.

MME, DELINA C. PECKHAM.

William Courtney method, Speechand Song. Free
| voice trial Monday, friday. 157 KastSyth et.

_ MAS, HENRIETTA, BEEBE.

——$____

Dancing Academies,

MISS McCABE’S

Dancing School, 21 Past 17th at, near B’ way,
Private and class lessous daily; beginners any ime

Schools of Physical Culture,

THE CARNECIE HALL

CYMNASIUM (For women and

(FORMERLY BERKELEY) j 154 West ith ut,
SECOND TERM, FER, 1.

Fencing.

| Wood's Handball, Boxing, Traine

| Gymnasium, ing Baths, &e. Cntrance,

; 6 Kast 28th St, 5. Monthly Dues, $2,

| BERKELEY SCHOOL,
23° WES SWIMMING fiir:

| : Teachers’ Agencies, oe

&@ BEST TALENT Teachers, Tntors, Musictans, at
‘chermerhorn's, 3B. ith st, J. C. Rockwell, Mer.

 

Pianolortes, Organs, &e.

$195.00,

either in cash or easy inonthly payments, will buy @

STUYVESANT
UPRIGHT PIANO,

7h) octaves, rosewood finish, fully warranted, dus
able, reliable and of good tone quality
7 ste instrument may be ex: hanae dat any time

within five years from date of purchase for |
WEBER PIANO or a new WHERLOCK PIANO when
4 fair allowance will be made,oritexcbanwed withia
one year the fll prive paid will be allowed,

Catalogues and full part culars

Miailed free to any address,

WEBER WARHEKOOMs

| COR, FIFTH AVE. AND SINTREN!H 8, N.Y,

05 FULTON ST., BROOKLYN

| STEINWAY & SONS, —

NO, 100 KB. MTU STRERTD,
Ha lwayeou hvnda large tock oy!
SCOND-HAND PIANOS
ofalmcetevery ma tr own tucluded, taken (@
exchange for new way pisnos, hese instrae
mente are in good onder, having been thoroughh
repaired by us, and they are oferod at lowess pref
ble prices

ag Beware of Bogus Steinway Pianos,

KRAKAUER BROS, '1% FAST 14TH 6T,,
|
|

|
|
|

  

 

| bavea large aseortivent of Krakuuer Upright Pianos

| of the latest disions, in various faney woods, also

| Fome slightly used Piavos, Prices moderate; cash
or monthiy payinents— Pianos to rent

KRAKAUER BROS.,

WAREIOOMS, 115 KB. 14TH ST,
HARLEM PRANCIL, 150-161 BF. 126TH ST,

$195.00,

either in cash or easy monthly payments,

willtbuy @

UPRIGHT PIANO,
7's octaves, rosewood finish. fully warranted, dup»

able. reliable an) of good quaht
This instrutent taay be exchanged at any time
with n five rs from date of purchase for a new
WEEEK PIANO ranewWHERLOCK PIANO. when
Aatarailowan «will bemade, or if exvchanved within

one year the fall price paid will be allowed,

Cats'o, ues and full particulars mailed free to any
address,
WEBER WARFROOMS,

COR, FIFTH \\ F, AND SIXTEENTH 87, N.Y
605 FULTON sT., BROOKLYN,

POPULAR PEASE PIANOS, —

td st, Just West of 6th av,
Highest standard of construction Direct from mane
ufacturer, easy term, used pianos, popular makes,
$125, 8150, Write for complete ist and catalogue,
Hareainsin Celebrated Gordon Uprigh ‘.
: © ta
New $250 $7.00 monthly Rte :

$200 NEW--$6 MONTHLY.

Send for catalogue. GORDON'S, 130 Fifth ave
Installments, Pxohangved, Tune aired.
PIANOS, ae Me, Utchene ined, Repaired,

1O5- 107 W. B3d at.
S75 $126 ELEGANT UPRIGHTS every improve

Nent sacrifice Steinway weeat bargain
BLODLE s, 7 Bast 14th Street.

VLersonal Jotiers,

TAVAJO INDIAN BLANKETS, rugs, curios, pot

4 tery, fints, Vast cole tion, must be aold
KloGS 41 Universty pl.
Financial.
‘ : : wit
rather adverticomente under it heading eee
Biaith faa S Sapnlement

ay Stone ar FACTURING CORPORATIO
having practically a monopoly of U,
$25,000 of ite stock a orton ,

\ lo
Address MON POLY, dan often,