; moderate southerly winds,
’
n
h
f ne ee -
a . 5 . ; acme = Pa
, ive eM es ad. +NEW YORK, (DAY, JULY 1 0, 1.91.1 ,—cCopyriont, 1011, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association. PRICE TWO CENTS.
e na Sapam ’ = = . = — = = ERs —_ : _ : a ; — —-— ——-° —— — = CPT OSE
4 MAY LOSE IF HOKE SMITH WINS DROWNED IN DASH FOR LIBERTY WHAT DYE THINK OF DUBOIS? |": M. SHEPARD HA PLEURISY. | ATWOOD AND HAMILTON PALL SAGAN GIVES UP DUCHY, POLICE GOT GIRL'S LETTERS }
e *, a ean i
t | Tyree Recomine " on Gneaen on” His Condition Has Been Critical, but Is Anna Gould's Husband Pasees Title te 7 i
’ mming From Randall's Island, | = aa Slightly Improved. —eenenp eens ;
: y [DE j . > . : . oe His Son and Freezes Out Creditors, me y
: &s. SEN ITE DEMOCRATS SCARED | Whon Bernard Rosen and three other| ME'S “LOST” HIS BRIDE AGAIN] \axe Georok N.Y. July 9. Edward} PARTS OF PLANE SMASHED tiled Cace Guana de hee aes Poe RIBBON AND Fae rom
. OVER GEORGIA SITUATION, | runaways from the House of Refuge on | IN THE SAWE WAY. M. Shepard's condition ix slightly im-) WHEN ENGINE GETS CRANKY. | 4, 000" | tom Despien  UMN Bn) ELLTAN GRAHAM'S TRUNK,
’ Randall's leland tried to awim the Bronx Sins proved to-night. Dr. ‘Tl. 1. Henning of « ARIS, Say §.—Jason Howard, son 0
; pmith, If Elected, Won't Go to Washing: | Kills to liberty yesterday afternoon the | peom Okiahoma Now, Not Porcupine Glens Falls, his attending physician. 4r-) aviators fussed Over the Workings | Helie Prince de Sagan and Anna: for-! tut apparently They Did Not Get te the
I. ton Until State Reforme Are Made | icky currents got Bernard, pulled him | mata 3 "| rived at Lake George late this afternoon ' j merly the Countess de Castellane, daugh- Station With the Stokes Miscellany i
| | ' nT | and Train Carried Mrs, D. Away , / | for Three Hours and Teok a Skim-
3 ite Hite ¥ , junder and drowned him. The = three and will remain at the Shepard residence ter of the late Jay Gould, will become the sieht. spilt nds
, Meanwhile Hile Vote Will Be Needed | ochere who had slipped out of restraint; While He Chased Coat Thief Near Chi {throughout the night ming Gilide- More Tinkering and THEN A or crallwyrand-Périgord, July 16 ie] ee eee eet eee ee
! ‘ be evr “Pe © » W
May Hold Up Hie Credentiats. | hy the most up to date Sing Sing method cago Sure He Did, for DubotsSaysSo. | The following bulletin was issued at the Drop From Which Hoth Escaped. lithe second anniversary of his birth Re eh oe eo ee |
; xarox, Jul tian) SaW their companion fighting for life, | ed 10:45 o'clock to-night L Keats w © : : . :
: W ASHIN¢ i uly ; The Poll tical | it a boat full of guards was pursuing] SYRactse, July 9 A man ee el “Owing to an overworked, tired out and; | Athantic Cry, duly # Harry N De Sagan has finally consented to ree} John Bloom, superintendent of the
8 situation di ee and the probability | anq they did not pause intheir swimming | himself as Franklin Dubois, an oil pro- | run down condition Mr, Shepard caught | Atwood and Charlie Hamilton had a!nounce the title, to which he succeeded | Varuna apartments at Broadway and ,
that Hoke Smith will be elected as Sena- {io help him, spector from Enid, Okla, and saying he |cold, which developed into pleurisy, and | close call this morning and were forced on the death of his father, the Duke Boson | Eightieth street, where W. E. D. Stokes
‘ tor next Wednesday to succeed the late Alexander Kellog. who is 14: William was on his way to New York to find hia that disturbed the normal functions of | to postpone their flight to Washington! de Tallevrand-Périgord, in 1910. In due| was shot by Lillian Graham and Ethel i
> Senator Olay has caused much concern | Marion, 16, and William) Monahan, 15, 5 ; i ‘ his organs. His recovery will neces- i Spat ¥ s which | j ourse Janc i » the Conrad on the night of June 7, told Fourth i
a ; 4, | Wife, whom he had lost while travelling : 1 again. Engine trouble, which impaired | course Jason Howard will take the oath nra 8
; among the Democratic leaders in the eens ican “who taites Want be with | eastward appeared at the St. Cloud Hotel reaklee cae ao ! gl Salers ee {the lifting power of Hamilton's biplane, |of fealty to the Kaiser. In the meane! Deputy Police Commissioner Dillon yes-
ta he ith! rnar Ken, | . ven i ' ' imes hak been critica t present he is : ; : : '
; senate heoatise OF Mir. Smith's statement the Hot 8 ¥ i" Ref ‘ ror aby ae +: there to-day restin ‘come rtably, takin 7 ourishment | dropped them to the meadows back of | time the revenues of the duchy will be|terday that he saw five detectives open
' that if elected he will not come to Wash- |); ak lida ur Ge Te OLA eee, : ea hie te ; te i , ‘i ' ing | i i i Miss Graham's trunk an hour after the
6 : his parents live at 389 Bushwick avenue, He announced that while hurrying | Welland his general conditions are slightly Ventnor City at 10:10 o'clock, snapping | applied to the liquidation of the debts iss Graham's tr
' ington at least just at this time. It Williamsburg. toward New York on the Lake Shore improved.” off both propellers, twisting the standards | left by the Duke Boson. shooting and examine a bundle of letters
comes about in this way: During the regular Sunday parade Limited he had been overcome by heat RISE AGAINST MADERO and smashing the tail and landing atrute, | The creditors of Helie de Sagan will] that were tied up with a pink baby ribbon, {
; tne Hon. Hoke Smith, who had one yesterdey afternoon the four boya dropped Wied: the teal reached ivaruee he wits lt Hh kas tH A es ees They were badly shaken up but otherwise | get nothing Bloom says they threw the packet into @ i
. werm as Governor and then was defeated | 0Ut of line when the eyes of the guards aaatated from the cab anid eavived: Hw ts i Force in Chiapas, Which Favored Olas, | uninjured | Ba ae pasteboard box, together with an assort- i
mee ; ‘ _ | assisted fro :¢ »vived., aic _ “ene “ ae
, by Gov. Brown and the third time re- | Were Not on them and hid in the base ’ Well Armed and Mounted. They had intended to fly at daylight FIRST AVIATION DUEL. ment of loose letters, telegrams, pictures {
y ‘it aves se Becta. @ cewey,, {ment of the hall at the north end of the) after a few hours rest at the St. Cloud! \ocrerey. Mexico. duly @ Much aig- De ape eevee re Lew eee oct ee 4 — ‘ t d ied it
; elected over Go Wau 1, was only sworn yard where the dormitories of the older} he resumed his journey nificance is attached here to reports that pucavae any Oy NBN We SUE Cy SNe a loweieee oO |
. ne West eee tee Hie WeOwew Uwe tn boys are situgted. With a file which one] Dubois sat in the lobby of the hotel | have just been received of a revolutionary | beach Hamilton's aeroplane, which came GH dene ac i se high beer
; . t 42 ' . ‘ t ‘ . ‘ ¢ ‘ ‘ ‘ “abl ar T } » lette i
; The State Legislature as provided by jof them must have had in his keeping| iyi. afternoon and tried to explain how {Movement in Chiapas. Despatches from |from Waterbury, Conn, by automobile, Site. Galo .: Paul Teesheier and the All the letters that Miss Graham had
ine Federal Constitution must ballot for [40 iron bar across one of the basement he had been separated from hle youn | San Cristobal, capital of that State, say | was taken to the aviation field of Lieut. | ypar, ite: Kergaric ay +ha Fouraal's avis received from Stokes were tied together,
, i rm ws . . : Pe aratec no his vo . rion, Se yia-
, a Senator on next Wednesday ,and friends Siar viens aah: pe through, ei al | wite by an accident in thelr Journey trom | that a rebel force of more than 2,000] Hugh H Willoughby at Ventnor, where tem “oie? race commissioners, fought she says, She says there were eighteen
‘ An e path of esca opene »four 3 ac J be s : ; ‘
: Oh are OTH oy ee win wee weeny: TaN craw led throust he ‘Wintow anid de@n che petroleum fields some miles out of Mad eg yee earn in oppose the it arrived at 7 o'clock last night’ From |a duel at Liége, Belgium, to-day. The] of them, and Stokes testified in court the
he has a “reform” programme to put he beac The iy , | Sat Bet eae cee HP pies abe here they e ‘ted to start at daybreak combat, in which some blood was drawn, | other day that there were at least eighteen
. ; ree jto the beach. “Then on their stomachs} Enid to take ship for Denmark, where |well armed and mounted, They were IS dses Meares Ewe, UW ORY, Name raat : Fadi rer Waatl
through the Georgia General Assembly | they dragged themselves over the rocks Mrs. Dubois lives recruited along the Guatemala border Inspection of the engine showed that | ¥@ the outcome of ac een weeny er |} as far as he could remember. But only
and he proposes to continue to serve as | until they had come to the north tip of ka he told the 7 va The band is commanded by José Espi- | something was wrong when they reached j conditions when the aviators were at} nine have come to light, and these were
Governor throughout the curreAt fifty | the island. Here that section of the East as he told the story, Dubois aad his nosa Torres. Torres took Possession | the aerodr t 4 o'clock th ; ri saver ot cave : : produced by the Assistant District Ate
fant . River which is known as the Bronx Killa] ride left Fnid on a continuation of their bi aerodrome at 4 o'clock this morning. | ty the third bout with the foils Ker- ‘
. day session in order to fulfil his pledges | : : : i : pa of the town of San Cristobal and march-] pop three hours they tinkered with the | garion received a wound an inch deep|tomey who got them from Terence J,
ft 1) the voters Sweeps past the island in wicked swirls; honeymoon about a week ago The jing to the residence of Provisional Gov- machinery At 7 they tried to start i his right f r arm*and the adversari . McManus, who had them from A. H
ht little less dangerous than those of Hell] middle West w , , i ‘ordi , it : : ; ; jin his r orearm’ang the adve Oe es. =F ; ae
This news set the Senate Democratic | Gate a me OM TRGRIS West was a the grip of the neat Grnor Reinaldo Cordillo Leon demanded | -p)., engine wouldn't perform. They! were declared reconciled Gleason, Mr. Stokes's personal counsel,
Gate wave and Dubois divested himself of hia | the latter's immediate resignation. The],; ' ; .
> eaders to figuring on the possible effect With their clothes done up in bundles Y a \wase lied } tinkered again and attempted to get up | Paul de Lesseps and Count Lambert,| and from James Cummings, the house
; coat, intent on being comfortable on the | @emand was complied with shortly after 9 o'clock This time they ; both well know fying cirel ; ;
. ‘one lost vote on their side. The mo- jon their heads, the four runaweys took | 1° | Whether the Torres uprising is backed | atahlished a low altitude record, not!amone the second eT sane cite oa nuay | Tlective of the Hotel Ansonia. Cume |
‘ : ride she record, 0 . . y :
‘ ment the credentials of Mr. Smith are {to the water. They had gone about half gs by any national political interest or is elsing more than twenty feet from welthe ite oe dented wanna tar: mings swore on the stand that he had |
. ivar who . 7 » 7 thie i ) ithe a § * t ‘
4 received the ad interim term of Senator} W8Y across the river when one of the eens miles west of Chicago, 80 Dubois | merely local is not as yet known, The ground 1 han thee bind g A il found them behind Misa Graham's trunk
: guards stationed at the tip of the island | said, the train stopped. A man alighted \ fact that southeastern Mexico, embrac- : ; ers to order the birdmen to fly regardless ;
f ferrell, who holds his seat by appoint-| caugit sight of them, summoned three | 1 When the birdmen inspected the en- | of weather conditions on dune 9, two days after the shooting.
r ment from Gov. Brown, will expire others and put out ina boat. By the time I Bette arn ie evant in Aevice. | cee Ea fa : The apparent ability of the Ansonia house \
In the absence of official notice that the | the guards had come abreast of the boys the time it might consume Dubois said loyal to the Diaz administration during a a aevenii ct ‘i ie ‘aan aa tan. THREE NIGHTS IN A SWANE, | detective to walk away with ovidenee ]
: Georgia Legislature has elected, it is | there were only three bobbing heada in} he bolted toward the vestibule in pursuit. | the recent rebellion lends importance der had dropped faatis : Huckleberry Picker With Bad Ankle while five policemen were in the same room
|
1

 

     

 

 

‘eld. in view of many Senate precedents

 

the water.

After the unresisting youths had been

 

 

  

 

 

 

When he was a hundred yards away |to uprisings against the present Govern-

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

Chewing gum
and a long stick helped him to rescue

 

 

 

Couldn't Escape the Mosquitoes.

MonpatpJoryr10, 10Th
Probably rain and warmer to-day, unsettled
and slightly cooler to-morrow;

   
 

 

 

led Police Commissioner Waldo to order

: rs t was y y . . ‘ , i i
that Senator Terrell would continue to} ted in the hoat they were asked what aed io We a tae A ee Eee the cap. It was replaced and at 10:05] Caupwent, N. J, July 9 After spend-|an investigation, but the investigation
serve until the close of the Georgia legis- | had become of the other one whose head around a curve, bearing his wife away lecRPHEY WAY GET A. sTay.|they left the grounds For a quarter{ing three days and three nights in a@|has broadened in scope. Deputy Dillon i

ative session, when his
would expire’

The close vote on the Bristow amend-
ment to the popular elections resolutions,
only adopted by the Vice-President
breaking a@ tie, has caused much specula-
tion as to the result of the next test of
strength on this question when a con-
ference report comes in. A change
of one vote willbe decisiveon this question,

Then there is the mixup over the elec-
tion of a President pro tem. of the Senate
to succeed Mr. Frye. The fact that the
regular Republicans can muster only
thirty-seven votes while the Progressives
control thirteen and the Democrats cast
forty-one has resulted in a delay in the
election and the Senate is forced to worry
along without a President pro tem The
result is that the Vice-President could
biock legislation at any time by absenting
himself for more than one day in any week
His appointive power of a temporary
presiding officer is limited to one day

Tariff revision may hinge on one vote
Bhonld five progreasive Republicans vote
with the solid Democratic. strength
extensive tariff revision could be effected

appointment

After a careful search of precedents
leaders have decided that the only
Alternative is for the credentials of Mr
Smith to be held up temporarily, thus
permitting Mr Terrelito continue to serve
as Senator

Of course if Mr
&..ceed in knocking down the Georgia
smmon that would solve the complica-

the

Terrell's pole should

 

of the late United States Senator A. 8.

the guards had seen.

“Oh, the cramps got him,” Kellog said,
“and he croaked We was too busy to
atop and get him.”

The three captured runawaya were put
in solitary confinement last night and a
police launch of Harbor B was dragging
for Rosen's body

SHOWER OF CLOTHES AT A FIRE.

Two Young Women Took the Outside
Route at Jersey City Hotel Biaze.
Just as folks in the Imperial Hotel, a
five story brick building adjoining the
Firat National Bank, in Exchange place,
Jersey City, were starting to get their
beauty sleep yesterday morning a fire
| made its appearance on the third floor.
|
(

 

Somebody ran from room to room pound-
ing on each door. Before the firemen
came a shower of dresses, stockings, cor-
sets, shoes and other things dropped
from the third and fourth floors and sev-
eral badly frightened young women ap-
peared at the windows. Five of these
roomers got over their scare long enough
to feel their way down the stairways to

sidewalk their

old, of 60 Prince street, Newark, was cut
off by the flames and crouched on a win-
dow sill until a fireman carried her in his
arms down a scaling ladder.

Lottie Mante and Helen Piotronski, who
occupied rooms on the top floor, came
down the outside of the building to the
floor below by clinging to stone copings
and sticking their feet through window

 

avenue, Jersey City

 

He recovered his coat, which had been
taken by mistake, he explained

“I was too excited to think of tele-
graphing ahead to Chicago and I had a
lay over of several hours before I could
eatch another train,” said Dubois. “I
hope to find Mrs. Dubois at the Broadway
Central Hotel in New York.”

Corespondent in Metion Divorce Case to
Seek Habeas Corpus.

Pitrsecre, July 9.-Extradition of
George Alfred Curphey, the English
corespondent in the Mellon divorce case,
will be defeated for the time being by
habeas corpus proceedings already under
way by counsel for the Englishman and
his friend, Capt. Kirkbride.

Though Gov. Dix has granted the
right to extradite the two from New
York to Pittsburg for trial, the habeas
corpus proceedings will act as a check
to halt action by detectives already in
New York for the purpose of bringing
them here

It is the intention of Curphey's lawyers
to make application for a writ of habeas
corpus on Tuesday, though it may be
done to-morrow in the United States
Circuit Court in New York city. Attorney
James H. Beal, head of Mellon's counsel,
had anticipated this move as early as
last Wednesday, but in time, it is ex-
pected, to overcome legal technicalities
and have Curphey here to stand trial on
charges of conspiring to obstruct justice.

Francis Dubois told a precisely similar
story in New York last month, describing
himself, however, as a prospector from
Porcupine. He said he came down by
canoe to Calasoo with his bride and took
the train there for New York. At Toronto
he got off his train to chase a man who
had stolen his coat with some valuable
mining leases. The train, with his wife
went on without him, but he recovered the
coat

He eventually found his wife, accord-
ing to the reports published at that time,
and was supposed to have sailed for Den-
mark on the Oscar Hl. on June & There
was no report that he had sold any min-
ing leases here

MOTORBOAT HITS FERRY BOAT

The twenty-six foot motor
Sunshine, bound down the North
with her owner,

corpus proceeding has temporarily halted
his plans,

launch
River
Harry Grimshaw: Jo F
Grinshaw and Lincoln Bostwick, all of
Woodbridge, N. J, aboard, found yester-
day afternoon that the Sunshine was not

 

SENATE WIRELESS.

Absentees Who Salled With Taft ‘‘Gratt-
fled at Reciprocity Progress."’

|

and started up the platform with Dubois's| ing the States of Chiapas, ‘Taboacco,
over his arm. With no thought of | Campeche, Vera Cruz and Oaxaca, were
NEWS BY
| stanch enough to sink the Pennsylvania
ferryboat Newark, a 200 foot steel double
ender The Newark was crossing

WasH'NGTON, July ®- President Taft

tha and the eight Senators who have been

about7 A.M. Mr. Hilles’s despatch was
“Mayflower kept in touch with the

jumped overboard and the Sunshine

of a mile all went well) The machine
had gradually soared and was then at
a seventy foot level. Right here
motor showed more crankiness It
stopped dead still and the wind came up.

Atwood tried to coast to the meadows,
but the machine dropped too fast and
hit the soft mud hard. The plane struck
the ground on the very tip of its rudder,
tearing away the connecting rods tn the
planes, ripping away sections of the
landing struts and sending the propellers
fying in emali pieces.

Hanilton received the bigger shock
He was epilled over backward when the
hack of bis seat gave away. His pres
ence of mind in grasping the thin wires
that support the standards was the only

 

ithing that saved him from falling under

the aero.

The aeroplane fans who gathered
around the wreck assisted in pulling it
back to the aerodrome Mechanicians
were despatched to the Ocean Pier to
secure sections of Atwood's own machine |
to repair the damage. They were still
working on the biplane at nightfall
The aviators aren't discouraged hy their

 

 

SOPWITH HAD TO LEAVE HER.

His Passenger's Weight Was Too Much
in the Sand—Filleux's Tumble, |
Zella Mohr of the Folies Bergere took |
an air ride with Tom Sopwith from the
Nassau Boulevard aerodrome Long
Beach vesterday afternoon. The out-
ward trip took twenty minutes and a

 

to

ised a ride, but he had to be disappointed

the {No J

swamp four miles west of Caldwell,
Aaron Kennedy, 21 years old, of Clinton,
. Was found to-day by John Erskine
and Edward Klein, who had gone to the
swamp to pick huckleberries. Kennedy
had slipped as he jumped from log to log
in the swamp and had wrenched his ankle
so badly that he could not walk. Swarms
of mosquitoes got in their work on him

Kennedy went into the swamp, which
covers a large area, last Thursday to
get huckleberries. He did not tell any
one where be was joing and when he
did not return at night his parents did
not know where to look for him. After
his accident he fought the mosquitoes by
building a fire. Erskine and Klein found
Kennedy lying under a tree. He was un-
conscious and was taken to his home and
put under the care of a physician.

ae 6 ee

A WORD OF STRIKING.

NOT

| Street Cleaning Drivers Merely Resolve

to Sce Kdwards and the Mayor.
The drivers of the Department of Street
Cleaning had a meeting last night in
Murphy's Hall, Forty-ninth street and

after the threat of a strike had been made.
Everybody seen after the meeting de-
clared that the word strike was not even
uttered

Joseph J Donnelly, president: of Local
658 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters,said practically all the meeting
bad done was to appoint a committee
of one from each stable to go before Com-

ton said that the Mayor had told the Com-
missioner that an appropriation would be

has evidence now that every letter in
Miss Graham's room was removed a few
hours after Miss Graham and Miss Conrad
had heen taken to jail, so that if the
selection read in court was found there
two days later it had been brought back.
He will try to get at the truth to-day, and
one of the principal points of the inquiry
will be whether the policemen were care-
less enough to let the bundle of Stokes
letters get our of their hands soon after
they made the first search of the apart-
ment. Another point will be to find out
why nine of the letters and a few tele-
grams were produced and the rest were
not. District Attorney Whitman bas in-
timated that he will take a hand in the
search for the missing letters.

Mr. Bloom talked frankly yesterday
about what took place in the young
women's apartment after the shooting.
He intends to see Commissioner Waldo
to-day and repeat his story.

“It was about 6 o'clock on the night
of June 7 when Mr. Stokes was shot,”
said Bloom, “With the elevator boy I
managed to get Miss Graham and Miss
Conrad into another apartment and kept

Should the five votes be mustered and | the where they put on Beal said to-day that he had no ideaj@xperience and expect to continue to | Fighth avenue, to discuss their troubles | them there until Bicycle Policeman Tully,
* Hoke Smith not appear the coalition must | clothes. One voung woman who de-) Lacky for the Three Motorists That All| when he would be able to have Curphey | Y4shington to-morrow and hear the report of the committee | the first officer who showed up, got there.
fail scribed herself as Addie Bryce, 22 years of Them Could Swim, and Kirkbride brought here. as the habeas aa which visited Commissioner Edwards

Meanwhile I locked their own apartments
and | was never very far away from it
“Five minutes after Tully came Detec-
tive McCormick arrived, They took the
girls to Headquarters About three-
quarters of an hour later McCormick was
back with four policemen, They asked
me for the key and I opened the door for
them andtookthemin. The five searched
every corner of the apartment in my

even looking under ruge and table covers.

w, but the reports from Georgia are to| panes. They finished their journey tothe | pyar from Cortlandt street to Jersey City | O's Buests on board the naval yacht May- landing was made on the beach in front | missioner” Edwards to-day and before presence. | stayed right in the flat and

he effect that it is Hoke Smith against | sidewalk by a ladder. Several men had | and her pilot apparently did not see the | #oWer since she sailed from Philadelphia of the Nassau Hotel, the Mayor on Wednesday and ask that] ii.ver went out once. Most of the time

be feld whieh means Thomas FE. Wat-| "arrow escapes, but all got out safely Sunshine impending on his starboard] te on Friday night will return to Wash-) [It had been planned that the aviator | PAY for overtime be allowed the boy was with me and he saw everye
ton Mr Terrell and four others and that} The blave was confined to the upper) side ‘The Sunshine's talent epparently | !28ton early to-morrow morning. Charles} was to take his passenger back to the] Asked about agitating for an appro-! thing | saw,
Rriith's election is practically conceded floors. ‘The loss will aggregate $5,000. | decided that she could clear tie Newark, |? Hilles, secretary to the President, | starting point, but he found that he could priasien ioe overtime Business | Agent “The detectives made a systematic i
Sycanta, duly #—The General As- | The hotel is conducted by Biggert & Smith! put she didn’t She hit the ferryboat |Se2t @ Wireless despatch to the White | not ascend from the sand with the extra | Preston said that it Was not necessary, | Search, emptying every drawer, turning f
sem oiy of Georgia will ballot on Tuesday | and the building is owned by former State} bow on, carrying away her cabin. The | House to-day saying that the MayMower | weight of a passenger pw a a been taken ea ar, the | out pockets, dumping the contents of i
Sl) the four years unexpired ee William Brinkerhoff of 11Summit} whole ship's company, all swimmers, | Will dock at the Washington navy yard | Senator Reynolds had also been prom. { Mayor and Commissioner Edwards: Pres-| uitcases and valises on the floor and j

(lay whose place is being filled ad interim
ex-Gov. J. M. Terrell, who was ap-

pointed by Gov. Brown

by

TAKES CARBOLIC IN” PARK.

Trained Nurse in Cab Goes to Rescue of

drifted along the side of the ferryboat
rhe pilot of the Newark, unaware that he
had been in collison, kept right on

Senate by wireless Senators were grati-
fled at progress made toward a vote on

for the same reason. Sopwith made the
homeward journey alone in fifteen min- |
utes, flying with the wind, and ended

the only way to provide for overtime

 

KING AT CATHOLIC COLLEGE,

 

One of the detectives, the amalleet of the
five, opened Miss Graham's trunk, fished
around in it and brought out a package

The announced candidates are Gov. Despondent Tatior The Lackawanna ferryboat Ithaca from | reciprocity. Party sat on deck in the moon- | with a glide of several hundred feet ; of letters. The package was tied around |

Hoke Smith, who has just heen inaugu- ‘ Hoboken, Capt. Hauselman, was close light until long after midnight last night. Andre Haupert, inatructor in the Moisan George Visits Maynooth and Receives a | with narrow pink ribbon that looked faded. f

| tay ctsh Ataanana term: aeGov JM A woman seeing a group gathered [io the Sunshine and saw the plight of the |4 brisk breeze was blowing. The May-|schoo! of aviation at the Hempstead Welcome From the Irish Hlerarchy, I should judge there were twenty letters i
vrell, Thomas E. Watson, Populist; around a man on & bench edging the |three men. She lowered a boat in charge | flower went as far south as Cape Hatteras.”| Plain field, made a call at the Nassau Special Cale Despatch to TAR SUN in the package. The bunch was handed ]

| 1 \. Stovall, editor of the Savannah | Fast Drive in Central Park yesterday gol | of Quartermaster James O. Connor and| ‘The President's party consists of Sen-|aerodrome in his Blériot monoplane Dusuin, July 9 King George and |to the man who seemed to be in charge
/)sss and Judge W. A. Covington out of the coupé in which she had been | iaked them up and then the ferryboat ators Penrose, Root, Briggs, Brown, early in the day. He performed several |]Queen Mary attended service at St, |of the squad He untied the ribbon, H

s generally believed that Gov. Hoke riding and went up to Policeman Dono- |iog, the launch in tow to the foot of | Taylor, Foster, Bacon and Overman,|fancy turns about the field before he | Patrick's, the Protestant Episcopal ca- | spread out the letters and began to run :

Seoth will be elected, though his ene-
have been trying to form all sorta
mbhinations to bring about a dead-
an effort to defeat him. His op-
ts have been trving to get favorite
s eto enter from various parts of the

hue Heand Abraham Virtrol of 112 Fast
109th street had seen a man on the bench
drink the contents of a small bottle and
crumple up. Said the woman

“I'm a trained purse, officer;
help?"

can't I

Secretary Hilles and Major A. W. Butt,
military aid

Members of the Senate who remained
on the job in the sweltering heat of Wash-
ington smiled when they read Secretary
in | Hillea's statement that their colleagues

Barclay street. The three boarded the

Sunshine and started home in her,

WRS. DANFORTH CELEBRATES.

Gives Barn Dance for Employees

NT

took wing for home Lee Hammond
in Capt. Baldwin's machine also made
the round trip from the Hempstead field

The only accident of the day occurred
when Albert Filieux, formerly mechani-
cian for the late John B. Moisant, took

thedral, this morning. There were crowds
in the streeis to greet them and a tre-
mendous congregation

Inthe afternoon they drove to Maynooth
College, the seminary for the Roman
Catholic clergy, some fifteen miles from

through them. He read perhaps a dozen
before he put them back and tied up the
ribbon again. I didn't hear the detec-
tives say anything and | didn't know
whose letters were in the package. But
I watched everything they did carefully

+ these efforts have been at- Vitro! says the policeman helped her Honor of Her Majority. on the Mayflower “were gratified at the |a Queen's monoplane out to experiment | Dublin, in the County Kildare. They | because I thought that was my duty as
le} with little success and to-night eneeukh ane nda ons inet abe Then SramrorD, Conn, July 9 —Mrs Frank | Progress made by the Senate toward | with both the right and left turns. He}were received by Cardinal Logue, the | the house superintendent.
the man a hypodermic injection len

seers

to be the Governor against the
q

she and Vitrol and Donohue got the man

a vote on reciprocity.”

what unique method of celebrating the ate One or two of them remarked that if all

made two rounds of the field and a per-

fect descent. On a second trial he nego-

 

Primate of lreland, and Archbishop Walsh
of Dublin

“There was a long, flat pasteboard box,
like the kind shirts come in, in the room

« said that the Senate will cast ajinto the coupé. Tha woman told tainment of her majority, Mrs Danforth, | the Senators had followed Chairman Pen- | tiated a short turn that landedthe machine| Mgr. Mannix, the president of the|and the head detective tossed the bundle i
. majority against Gov. Smith on | Donohue to sit in front next to her driver the daughter of the late J. Joseph Alex. |rose's lead and sought cool ocean breezes |on its right wing. The framework Was | college, read an address welcoming the] of letters into it. From here and there
cday, but that the House will give |and then they all started of to the Mount andre, a wealthy steamship line owner, |i? Presidential company instead of re-| badly damaged, but Fii‘eux escaped | sovereign on behalf of the Catholic hier-| they had picked up a lot of letters and

; n majority of about forty. Thia| Sinai Hospital, When the man was car - ; ,| maining in session on Saturday no /unhurt. archy. The King replied that the ex-| papers and things and these were dumped j
¢ meons Smith 6 election when the joint | Tied out the woman in the coupé drove | i) possession of her share of her father's | “Progress” would have been made. — pressions of kind feeling used were]in the box too. One of the detectives

tis taken on Wednesday
It is ‘inderstood that if Gov. Smith
> hosen he will not qualify as Senator
' regular session of Congress in
December retaining the Governorship
then in order to put through some
i 8iation

off without giving her name

The doctora at the hospital found that
the man had taken carbolic acid. He re-
covered consciousness presently and said
| that he was Max Klipstein of 149 Seabury
| place, The Brons. He said that he was
a tailor out of work and that his despon-
dency had driven him to try to end his

NorFOLK, Va., July 9.- The Mayflower,
bearing President Taft and his guests,
passed the Virginia Capes at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon and steamed on up
the Chesapeake.

FOR CORRUPTING

estate, a matter of a million and a half
Instead of giving a great dinner or a
ball for her friends of social prominence
Mrs. Danforth called together the em-
ployees of her mother's big estate, Nir-
vana, and told them to make preparations
dance

 

—

SOLDIERS,

was 21 on July 3 and incidentally :

for a barn They were told to

 

GIRL CUTPURSE WORKS CHURCH.

 

Found With Woman's Stolen Bag Dan-
gling From Wrist,

PirTsauRG, July 9 While worshippers
knelt in prayer to-day in St. Mary's Catho-
lie Church a pickpocket worked in the
Mrs. Maragret Crehan and her

another sample of the affectionate greet-
ings he had received at the hands of the
warm hearted Irish.

NOT A STAMP HAS STRAYED,

$50,000,000 Worth Tallies With the
Records tn Bureau of Engraving.

wrapped up the box in a newspaper and
tied a atring around it and then all of
them left and I locked up.

“The next day | kept tab on everybody
who came around, The day following
that, June 9, several men, four or five,
one of whom was Detective McCormick,

lhis has caused considerable criticism 1} i iends t ird pe / pews , , ae oe, . eae who had taken part in the search the first
he ta "pecaatce tana |e” He wl recover Poca oight he baat" taggertog wu we arms, |n,reyed for bleaingn on eachother, awmrnenen: July Diretor Jom ight. came to me and sa they were de
r the Gove ms ; ata ara eS ett er ee a han * i during their separation The son was| 7% **!ph of the bureau 4 Ing anc ‘tives who were after evi .e.

! Governorship, of whom there are ‘LOST ASSEMBLYMAN IS) BACK. there were present upward of 150 young | special Coble Despatch to TRB SUN poking leave for Idaho in search of Printing, the man who “makes” $12,000,000 enue Sha Sere ar ie mance. 5 eee |
tiny It is said that ex-Gov, Joseph ;%™ ; a men and young women, friends and ac-| Paris, July 9—Prominent Unionists, uh tneMm, > F ana ato

H. Brown, who was defeated for a second
vy Hoke Smith, may be a candidate
ithe Governorship if Smith is elected to
he Senate Other candidates will be
of Agriculture
dent of the Senate Slaton and ex-
te Treasurer Pope Brown

Commissioner

KOAT LINCOLN USED BURNED,

 

The sidewheeler River Queen Destroyed
at Her Potomac Doch,

SHINGION, July @ The River Queen

! fashioned sidewheel

horered by the Government in the latter

oar ofthe civilwar and used by President

olen trips to Norfolk and Richmond,

Hudson, |

steamboat |

Mr. Hinners of Kdgewater Says He Re.
cuperated From the Heat After a Dinner,

Paterson, N.J., June 9 —-Assemblyman
i William H. Hinners of Edgewater, who
| mysteriously disappeared on Wednesday
evening, June 28, after attending a po-
litical dinner in Newark at which Goy,
Wilson was a guest, returned to his home
to-day. Though he had made no state-
ment for publication he told his family
that he went to Atlantic City after the
dinner to recuperate,

He says he suffered from the intense
i heat and was 80 overcome that he doesn't
| remember where he was or what he did
; Two politicians accidentally discovered
j him, and having read in the papers of

quaintances of the employees | Mesars. Vran, Dumont and Baritand, have
Mr and Mra. Danforth and Mra. Dan- | been arrested on the charge of organizing
forth’s mother and @ party of guests! an anti-militarist propaganda in the army,
Hoyt, Mr.| ‘The chief basia of the charge is that an
Mr. and organization known as the Soldier's Sou,
Mrs Thomas Curtis, Willard E. Slade! which sent money to goldiers ostensibly
of New York and Jerome Alexandre, for assistance, did so for the purposes of
| brother of Mrs Danforth, appeared early the propaganda.
}and remained, some of them, until the
‘affair ended at 3 A M, dancing with the |
‘employees and their friends. The hap- |
piest person in the lot was Michael J
Mullin, for thirty-five years in the employ
of Mrs. Alexandre. He was master of
| ceremoni es

Cornelia
Willard,

comprising Miss
and Mrs Gordon

Danforth, née Alexandre, adopted a some-

SCOTTY COMING AGAIN,

 

Will Have Another Toot,
GOLDFIELD, July 9.- Death Valley Scott
turned up in Goldfield yesterday with his
nave | pockets bulging with greenbacks. Three
Sacred Relics of Celestial Beings. months ago Scotty was in Reno dead

 

‘ peath Valley Gold Finder Hits Lack and |

health. They were among the victims
Mrs. Crehan lost her purse, containing $21 |
and the 8on’s ticket to Chicago

Within the church were city detectives |
who by a strange coincidence had fol-
lowed sixteen-year-old Margaret Munro
tothechurch. She had been suspected of
operating in a department store and when
her trail led to the church this morning
Detectives Dachroth and McDonough,who
followed her, thought they had made a
mistake.

After the service Mrs. Crehan quietly
made it known that she had lost her purse.
The detectives hurried from the church
and overtook the girl.

The purse was dangling from her wrist

EE  ——————— EE ———E————————————

Jcheck up

a day, has had his accounts checked up
and balanced to the penny

‘Ten post office inspectors swooped down
on the bureau unheralded on June 10 to
the stamp account, which
to some $50,000,000. After
working for eleven days they found that
the supply tallied with the records to the
last one cent stamp. The bureau prints
and handles 42,000,000 stamps daily, or
something like 11,100,000,000 in each fiscal
year, and not a stamp has ever been mis-
placed or stolen since Director Ralph has
been in charge .

Aa an automatic tally is kept of every
stamp turned out by every machine
used in the process from the engraver's
plate to the perforating and sticking

amounted

around while they examined things. Iam
positive they didn't find any letters and
that they didn't take anything out of the
apartment.”

Deputy Commiasionr Dillon has learned
that the five detectives mentioned by
Bloom were Lieut. Sullivan of the West
Sixty-eighth street station and plain
clothes men Walsh, McCormick, Flynn
and Devery. He has talked to all but
Sullivan and they have told him that
they didn't see any Stokes lettera when
they made the first search and that they
didn't seo Gleason and Cummings take
any letters out of the place on June @
None of them was able, however, to ex-
plain why it was that Police Commissioner

cre eS en ON

ss

 

 

 

;®tampas printed until they actually reach

: i z ree 1 i She was taken to headquarters and iden- Waldo wasn't informed of the teboard
Was burned to the water's edge here las ry The Rev. Louis Meyer, associate editor; broke. How he suddenly came into | c u an net vet : ne pastedoa
ee Ors GARH Rate that | hia disappearance they communicated | of the Missionary Review of the World, | wealth is a mystery, but he displayed | tified. Her family was found. They are he BURP . eae the mu Lier whe box full of letters, telegrams, notebooks
steamboat was tied to her whart | With his family. He is now under @ doo-| which ia published in this city, returned | $11,000 in currency and promised to re-| heartbroken and had never suspected the | Wi) (he recor’ of Lie ‘ Seite, ° and pictures mentioned by Bloom that
Soon a signal lantern at the stern ex. { tor's care at his home | yesterday by the Anchor liner Columbia | Yea! the location of his abulous wealth| girl of dishonesty. The purse was re- ohneane ao gabe - re ra de a was kept at the West Sisty-eighth street
Ploded ‘The , an tir , blyman Hinnera is i }2* a! ‘et : after August 1. : sto to Mra. Cre’ ithi »y the Inspectors of the Fos Ice Ve- i : i
Bois and. hapa fae, built entirely of nena os Bienes | eons of | from a European trip that included the | ""1y the meantime Scotty says he intends pared to a on han and within three partment. atation until Sajurday evening, when
hor the last vear or two the River Queen | 8 Ap ‘ coronation. He said that he had heard! making another spectacular dash across : way to Idaho Director Ralph is responsible for all Dillon sent for them peremptorily. Their
lid linen tea ae ce wo the River Queen ‘investigate the Bergen County Court | of some Americans paying $2.50 to British | the continent in a special train, After |The father of Mias Munro is janitor of a answer to his questions was that Capt,
' ‘ She was built in 180 ; ; House and other affairs, So far the audit- | funkeys to touch nie mre hat royalty | that Scotty will settle down | chureh in Crafton i the hands of post masters John Russell, then an inspector in com-
a i pxperts | * found not -' had used and 50 cent» far paper which ha oo nee - i the handa of postmaster Rs
: rahtatt inventipation, and ee eels contained sandwiches eaten by mere peers, | Low Fares and Perfect Comfort to ¢ olorado. | Piccadilly Gin--the coolest dri t | mand of the detective bureau, had told
pAttaditts (in a New Rickey Wrinkle de. ta warry Hinners, who was instrumental Rock islands Tamfved trains morning ane oyna ina tall glass-—dry amooth, fragrant edd ite oipilantic s" KY ‘sates Me fer Boat Bort ered sham shed the letter had Ra beareg gp x
r sor all tts own adds a subtle eharm) : st) reine . ing from Chicago and St. Louls n Ut | dulce, fee, carbonic—a rickey revelatio: ppers are the safest Motor Boats. A limited | the Stokes case
r lace aod earbonte Yours for anew, in securing the appointment of the com-! Ladtes find ANGOSTURA BITTERS an ea-| fvery jusury, Tickets and booklets. 401 Broad. } ! ‘ya : » revelation, Insist) number for prompt deliveries, ,. 30 Church 81. ae - ‘
Vers lou. Every wheres Adv. mittee, | quisite bracer durigg a tiresome day.-Ade@_, | way.—Adré @8 Plocadilly. Agr ete tue Fas “ While Deputy Commissiqner‘Dillon-wag