has

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
     
      

 

Sao eee

VOL. LXXIV.—NO. 270.

 

THEM LOWER THAN
PAST,

sOwe or
FOR SIX YEARS

 

First Gold Export of Any Aeceunt Ssinée
1905, and the Prospect ef Mere Helps
Weather Chill the Market — Liquidation
of Long Accounts—Gas Touches 111.

The sharpest break in the atook market

MARCH DAY IN STOCKS IN MAY |

  

 

+NEW YORK.

TERRIFIC WESTERN SNOWSTORM.
A

Six Inches of Snow at Many Piacts in Michl-
gan~—Frest All Over Nebraska.

Derroit, May 27—Michigan ts in the
@rasp of the worst May storm ever known
in the State. After violent rain and light-
ning storms Saturday and Sunday, the
weather turned cold and in many parts of
the State heavy ‘snow has fallen. At, Sault
Ste.-Marie there is six indhes of enow, with
no signs of the storm abating. At Macki-
naw the snow is driven by a forty mile
gale. Reports from the fruit belt are very

eince the March panic carried the average discouraging, strawberries and fruit trees

of railroad and industrial eecurities yéster-
day very close to the low records made in
March, More than a score of active spec-
ulative stocks broke below the March
figures, eatablishing new low points for half
a dozen years, Ond, Consolidated Gas,
cold at the lowest point since 1894. Simul-
taneously with the break in stocks, wheat,
though selling off later, went to new high
prices for the year and there was announced
the firet considerable engagement of gold
for export sinoe July, 1905.

Among unfavorable developments of the
day the announced exportation of gold
probably had the most depressing effect
on sentiment. The amount was only
$757,000, but-in banking circles there was
a concurrence in the belief that the en-
gagement was but the beginning. Unless
eénditions chan, unexpectedly, it was
agreed, at least $8,500,000 more will go by
Thureday's steamer.

An early exportation of gold was indi-
cated before the opening of the New York
market. In London the price of bar gold
had advanced %d, in resistance of Paris's
demand for gold, but notwithstanding this
advance Parie seoured $750,000 of the
$5,000,000 gold laid down in the London
open market, the remainder being ear-
marked for India, and subsequently Paris
withdrew $655,000 from the Bank of England,
This money, it was soon seén, did little
toward satisfying the Paris demand, for
the Paris check on London deolined from
25 frances 13 centimes to 25 francs 124% cen-
times. The latter rate permitted with-
drawals of gold from London, Thé foreign
exchange market here, méanwhile, was
firm at 4.8672, practically the same as on
Saturday.

After the result of the Paris bidding
for gold in London was announced the
Bank of Franee took away the last obstacle

. to exportations from this country by agree-

ing to recompenge importers for the loss
of interest in transit by depositing with
them until its arrival gold to the amount
of the engagement. This action made
practicable a shipment by a slow steamer,
and Goldman, Sgchs & Co. made arrange-
ments at once to ship by the Bremen, a
nine day boat, which saile to-day. But
for thie action of the Bank of France there
would undoubtedly have been no ship-
mente prior to the departure of a mail
steamer on Thursday.

For ¢hipment on the Thuraday steamer
there is every reason to believe that at
least four times as much as leaves on the
Bremen will. be despatched. Goldman,
Seche & Co. were reported as making ar-
rangements for a second shipment, and
Lasard Fréres, who! usually @hip . about
half the gold.in such movements, were be-
lieved to be making arrangements for
an even ‘larger consignment, In at least
one prominent international banking house
it was figured that there. was little if any
profit on the tri tion, even with the
Bank of France compensating for the loss
of interest in transit. In ot it was
maintained that the operation gave a fair
profit. Half a dozen houses, it was learned,
were making negotiations for shipments.

The gold to be shipped by Goldman,
Sachs & Co. was taken from the Assay
Office in the afternoon. It was sold at the
stated price of $20.67 an ounce, with a pre-
mium of four cents the $100 for the bars,
the largest amount withdrawn for
export since July, 1905. Since that time
there has been sent abroad but $176,000 in
gold, while importations have been in
excess of $100,000,000. The last large gold
export movement was in the spring and
early summer of 1903 when payments were
made to France on account of the Panama
Canal and there was, as now, a heavy
liquidation of American bonds and stocks
held in Europe.

The arrangements made for shipments
on Thursday, it was anid, might be aban-
doned in case the Secretary of the Treasury
announced his intention te make heavy
withdrawals of Government deposits from
the banks for the partial redemption of
the Government 4 per cant. bonds maturing
July 1. In no well informed quarter was
there a belief that the Secretary would
make such an announcement at once, how-
ever necessary it may be for him to call
on the hanks later. An announcement
at present, it was agreed, would partake
somewhat of that rigging of the money
market and foreign exchange market to
which the Secretary is opposed.

The market effect of the gold export
movement was enhanced by the fact that up
to recently Paris has been considered the
only large market in the world which has
remained unaffected by the kind of disturb-
ances that have occurred elsewhere. The
position of Paris, it has been believed, was
impregnable, and the insistence of French
bankers in replenishing their gold supply
ndicated apprehension of commotions such
as have shaken the markets of Berlin, Lon-
don and New York.

“These apprehensions are entirely un-
founded,” said a prominent international
banker. “Paris is etill the strongest centre
in the world. Paris bankers have taken
slarm at a shadow.”

Prior to the gold engagement “the stook
moarket was weakened by a lower range of
rrices in London, selling for London aoc-
count in this market and an erroneous
cable despatch conveying news of a London
‘allure. The cable reported the failure as
‘hat of Brunton, Burke & Co., an old estab.
‘shed and important house supposed to be
of unquestioned solvency. It turned out
‘ater that the houee is etill of unquestioned
solvency, for the suspended concern was
Hubert Brinton & Co., a firm of jobbers
‘trading mainly in the Rio Tinto market.
Put before the correction of the cable the
‘nietake had assisted in depressing stocks
‘rom 72 to 4 points,

The inarket opened very weak in accord
with London trading and under the un-
‘nvorable news from abroad and bad
veather reports sold off rapidly. There
was hardly a stock on the list which did
hot participate in the retrograde move-

Continued on Third Page.

After all, USHER'S th
Veet made the highball famous Se eoetes

GREAT REAR sPRIN 5
au OREAT REAR SORIXG WATER

Te wna
ae Was

 

 

being in full bloom. At Caditlao there is
six inches of snow, with a 80 degres tem-
perature, and at Grand Rapids a typical
winter storm has raged all day. Similar
reports come from Saginaw, Travers City,
Owosso, Alpena, Hilledale and the whole
northern peninsula.

Omana, May 27.—The United States
Weather Bureau reports that heavy frosts
were general all over Nebraska last night.
Wheat was probably not injured, but rye
suffered greatly. The corn is uninjured in
most fields, as it had not yet sprouted.
Market gardeners in Douglas county suf-
fered $200,000 loas.

St. Josep, Mo,, May 27.—Northwest
Missouri was visited by a damaging frost
waite eke The strawberry crop partiou-

suffered.

Warsaw, Ind, May 27.-The weather
broke another récord here to-day, when a
heavy fall of show followed a suddén drop
in' temperature.

Sr. Lovrs, May 27.—Early this morning
the thermometer stood at 42, the coldest
May 27 in seventy-one years.

 

11-YEAR-OLD BURGLAR CAUGHT

Police Saw Him Drop From a Transom
* —Say He Owns te Several Rowberies.

An eleven-year-old burglar was caught
late last night as he was making his exit
by way of the transom over the front door
from the butcher shop of William Beinert
on Water atreet, Stapleton, Staten Island.
The capture was made by Detectives
McKay and Heyer.

There have been many robberies of
stores reported of late in and about Staple-
ton and the detectives ‘have been on the
lookout for thé thieves. They believe
that in the arrest of the boy last night they
have caught the culprit who has been guilty
of most of the robberies. They say he has
confessed to many of ther

The prisoner is Albert Skyweite, who
says that his home is at 177 Rishmond
road, Stapletdn. The detectives were ap-
proaching the butcher shop when they
saw a ermall figure emerge through the
transom and then a boy dropped to the
pavement. ,

When the detectives took hold of him he
showed no fear and went along quietly
with them, When searched three dozen
lead pencils were found in his pockets. ©

At the station he explained .that he bad
got into the store through the and
had made his way to the cashier's office’
where he had f open. the cashier's
desk: He had 6 the pesctis there,
but did not get any

 

‘money.
_. The boy was serit to the roothi of thé Gerry

 

 

ic a

Society in West Brighton for the hight
and will be erraigned before Magistrate
Croak to-day.

The detectives say that on the way to
the society's rooms the boy said that among
other places he had visited were the grocery
store of Willtam Anderson on Canal street,
Stapleton, where he got a number of pre-
mium clocks, and t hardware store of
Julius Muller, on Bay street, when
his plunder consisted of fifteen cheap
watches and aome small change, and the
office of the Swift Packing Company at the
foot of Pfospect street, Stapleton, where
he carried off 600 two cent stamps.

 

 

EAST SIDE DINNER TO HUGHES

Te Be Given in Clinten Hall By the Neigh-
bortieed Workers.

Gov. Hughes has accepted an invitation
to be the guest of the Associated Neighbor-
hood Workers at a dinner on dune 6 to be
given in Clinton Hall. Covers will be laid
for between 800 and 400 persons, as many
as the hall will hold, It will be a dollar
and a quarter dinner and its purpose will
be to tell the Governor a lot of things about
settlement work.

When the East Side heard yesterday
that there was going to be a dinner to the
Governor in Clinton Hall there was a rush
to get seats. The report was that, it was
to be a free for all affair and there was
much disappointment when it was learned
that the dinner would be confined to dele-
gates from the fifty of more seitlements
in the city and leading social workers.
Gaylord 8. White, thé head worker of the
Union Settlement on East 104th etréet,
which is affiliete@ with the Union Theo-
logical Seminary, began the movement.
There wil! be short speeches by half a dozen
of the workers. Gov. Hughes is expected
to make a long speech. details have
not yet been agreed upon. ead Worker
Hamilton of the University Settlement
has charge of that work.

JUST WALKED THROUGH PRISON,

 

Pedter Whe Khew the Law Serves a Day
tm No Time at All.
The record for shortness of confinement
in the Essex Market court prison was broken
yesterday afternoon, when Mat Rothstein
walked in one door a prisoner and out by
another a free man.
Rothstein was peddling umbrellas at the
corner of Grand and Fasex streets when
Policeman Frederic Lowe of the Eldridge
street station arrested him for not having
a pedier's license. Lowe took the pedier
around to the Essex Market police court,
arriving there at 8:55.
It took two minutes to draw up the affi-
davit, so it was 8:57 when the case was
presented to Mogistrase Barlow, Roth-
stein pleaded that he had only just stopped
at the corner and that he had as yet sold
= tar a $1," said the Magistrat
“One or $1," sa ; 3
Rothetein knew that “one” ay means
until 4 o' . It was 38:58 then. The
padier made a break for the door jeading
to the court prison. Lowe bbed him.
“What's your hurry?” asked the police-
eBiury mare urged is face
The sHaee clock indicated $46 when the
door ned and Lowe and hie prisoner
onus ; rose Serie? if to ye i
edigree ranidly, never ng sight o
the clock. He said he was ue yeare old,
born in Russia, and that he lived at 1096
Kast Third street. The clock struck 4 as
he finished the catechiem, and a keever un-
ocked the street door. Rothstein hurried
out, and ran up the street in an effort to
catch a friend to whom he had intrusted
the umbrellas.

£8.00 TO NIAGARA {é4 AN
vie West Shore a he . New
need guing May 20, returning Siet,

 

pork Censral
See squat

/

Eppes

 

 

 

TUESDAY. MAY

A NS tt AO HT ST

PRESIDENT IN TWO STORMS

  

 

 

tee ee ee

 

 

LIGHTNING HITS ON BROADWAY.

Shattérs a Flagpole and Sprinktes Street
With the Fragments.

MRS. ROOSEVELT AND MISS ETHEL | svightning struck the flagstaff on the top

WERE WITH HIM.

 

Also Postmaster-Gonérea) Meyer and Capt.
Fitrhugh Lee—Caught While on &
Pilgrimage to Mount Vernon—All Were
on Horseback and Drénchedte the Skin.

WaAsHINGTON, May 27.—President Roose-
velt made a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon,
the home and tomb of George Washington,
te-day. It was not an ordinary sort of
pilgrimage, Part of it was made by trolley
car and the rest on horseback, and the
journey was attended by circumstances
of weather that made it partioularly inter-
esting. Two severé thunderstorms caught
the President and those who went with
him, but Mr. Roosevelt didn't mind such
trifies.

The President's companions on his Mount
Vernon ‘pilgrimage were Mrs. Roosevelt,
their daughter Ethel, Postmaster-General
George von L. Meyer and Capt. Fitzhugh
Lee, one of the White House aides, The
trip had been contemplated for some time,
and it was arranged last week that they
would take the jaunt to-day. In prepara-

horses from the White House stables were
sent to Alexandria, Va., and it was there

day's doings was begun,

Leaving the White House in a carriage
at 11 o'clock this morning, the President,
Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Ethel, Mr. Meyer and
Capt. Lee, all in riding costume, went to
the Washington terminus of the Alexandria
trolley line opposite the Post Office Depart-
ment. Here the private car Mount Vernon,
which had been especially engaged, was
waiting, and as goon as the party wa: on
board the car started. It took forty min-
utes to make the run to Alexandria, seven
miles distant from Washington and just half
way to the estate of the father of this
country. The car stopped in the extreme
southeastern section of the hist rie old
town, where there were few people to ob-
serve the distinguished visitors. Here
the horses were waiting and without any
delay the President and his companions
mounted and etartei off toward Mount
Vernon.

The President rode Reswell, his favorite
hunter, a big fellow ‘capable of making
good time and able to do hard work. Mrs.
Roosevelt rode Audrey, a beautiful ma‘e.
Their course was southward, following
generally the line of the Potomac River.

The roads were somewhat muddy, but

not in very bad shape. Ominous clouds
were over , howéver. They had been
gathering for an hour or more; in fact were
massed and banked in threatening array
when the Presidential party left Washing-
ton. But the signs that foreboded a down-
pour, with thunder and lighthing, did not
deter the pilgrims, who had made up their
minds to get to Mount Vernon to-day,
without regard to discouraging conditions.
' The route to the home of the firet President
was over a road which Washington had
Often travelled in hie trips to and from
Alexandria, It led , through the Pohiek
neighborhood, where | Parson Weems
preached before he set out through the
country peddling his life of Washington, in
which he told many anecdotes of the great
General, including that interesting incident
of the hatchet and the cherry tree. Hardly
a mile of the way @as without some land-
mark associated with the man who lived at
Mount Vernon.

The clouds above grew blacker and
blacker. They were low, hanging clouds
that shut out the sun and brbught about
the glimmers of late twilight. In Washing-
ton and Alexandria it “was necessary to
turn on gas and electricity to obtain light
enough to see plainly. Thunder rumbled
in the distance and there were oocasional
flashes of lightning as the President and
his companions cantered along. Mount
Vernon was far away when the rain began.
At first it was a gentle sprinkle. Then the
wind came, and as the low clouds raced
by they turned loose their moisture on the
head of the nation ‘and those with him.
There was no protection from the down-
pour. No house was in sight and the coun-
try had been denuded of its forests. Rac-
ing their horses the members of the little
patty went along ks bravely as they could
Lightning flashed all around them and the
thunderclaps seemed continuous, It was
one of the severest storms ever known
in this vicinity. Trees were blown down
and much other damage was done.

Through all thie terrific weather the
party pushed their way. It was an ex-
perience long to be remembered. Oc-
casional groves of trees promised shéiter,
but the danger from lightning was im-
minent and the travellers were soaked
to the skin and could have found no com-
fort under spreading branches. Hail fell
part of the time. The road was a rivulet
and the stidky red mud of that portion of
Virginia made it hard work for the horses.

The storm subsided as the Presidential
cavalcade reached the Mount Vernon
estate. Drenched, spattered with mud,
and chilled, they were cheerful nevertheless,
and made the best of sorry conditions
when the solicitous officials and em-
ployees of the Mount Vernon property
sought to bring them comfort. There was
little that could be done, however, except
dry some of the soaked outer garments.
When the drying process had gone on for
a while luncheon was announced and the
President and his four companions sat
down at table with good appetites and in
good spirits.

A Washington caterer had been sent
to Mount Vernon to prepare the luncheon,
which was served in the big dining room
of the manor. After the meal the President
and the others inspected the interesting
howse and took a look about the estate,
and along about half past 3 mounted their
refreshed animals and started back for
Alexandria. Another drenching was their
portion as they neared the old town. Then
the olouds cleared and a brisk breeze began
to blow, The temperature dropped rapidly
and made matters anything but com-
fortable for the people whose clothes were
wet through:

At Alexandria the private oar was in
waiting and started immediately after the
party was inside. The return trip to
Washington was made quickly. The
President, Mra, Roosevelt and Miss Ethel
arrived at the White House at 6 o'clock.

Evidently the President and Mrs. Roose-

velt and Mies Ethel at least suffered no {I!
| effects from their day's experiences. dg
“Robin H

_— ee ——_————————————————————— —
tu
ee SN a naan ieiae ASS sie .

fatenced the perf. On

Bostonians at the National Theat
veal Master - Archie Rovesvelt was
© them.

‘

| ex

tion for the riding part of the outing four |
i of the lightning.

that the really interesting portion of the };

!

of Mrs. McKinley. The

in a private oar attached to the regular
}

'

| gator.

SCARLET FEVER IN JAIL?
|

| as hie official opinion last night that

| of the fourtéen atory building @t 806 Broad-
way at 8:15 o'clock y afternoon.
This building stands at thé southwest
| corner of

| feet fell to the etreet in fragments. |

No one was bit. One plece about five |
' feet. long was carried across Broadway |
and just missed several pedestrians who
were keeping on that side to get some |
| shelter from the rain driving from tie |

east. Other pieces were carried es far as
Franklin street, two blooks away. For
some minutes those near the building stood
in the rain and gased upward at the etump
of the shattered pole. What was left was
badly splintered. Then .there was a
scramble for pieces and in a few minutes
nothing was left to show that anything
unusual had happened.

In the building there was somewhat of
ascare. The starter of the elevators, who
was on the ground floor, says hé thought
200 pounds of dynamite had been exploded
on the roof and when he found gut what
| had happened he ran out on Broadway
ting to find several hurt. On the

top floors the sensation was anything but

pleasant. In one room thé occupants
said they had seen all the fireworks they
| wanted to for sbme time. They also said
that some had headaches from the effect
A switchboard on the |
eighth floor was burned out.

A WHOOP FOR ROOSEVELT,

 

 

 

 

Michigan S¢nate Resolves That Ne One
Elee Will Do for President.

Lanarna, Mich, May 27.—Senator Kin-
nane introduced the following resolution
to-night, which passed the Senate with a
whoop:

Whereas by his intrepid and advanced
leadership the present President of the United
States has become prominently identified
with the sane and vigorous advancement of
the cause of political, social and business
reform, and

Whereas the work which he has under-
taken and is now carrying forward along tite
aforesaid lines, and of which he is the most
advanced and distinguished exponent, is as
yet unfinished, and

Whereas the great body of the
of the United States, without regard to politi-
cal lines or predilections, have implicit con-
fidence in his ability, hie militant integrity
and imselfish fidelity to hie exalted trust,
therefore, be it ;

Resolved by the Senate, the House of Repre-
sentatives concurring, that the best interests
of the general Government and the successful
encompassment of the great public Measures
which have been and are being inaugurated

people

by thé present national Administration de-
mand the nomination and reelection of Theo-
dore Roosevelt for a second elective tern to
the Presidency of the United States.

PRESIDENT’S WESTERN TRIP.

Gtavts To-night to Attend Mri. MoKiniey's
: Funetal—Then Goes to indianapolis.
Wasutnaton, May 27. President Roose-

velt will leave Washington on hile trip to

the middle Wagt tosmorrow evening at

9:10 o'clock, accompanied by Secretaries

Root and Wilson of the Cabinet and Secre-

tary Loeb. Secretaries Root and Wilson

will go only as far as Canton, where they
will, with the President, attend the funeral
party will travel

 

express on the Bal'imore and Ohio Rail-
road, by way of Pitteburg, and will reach
Canton at 12:40 o'clock Wednesday after-
noon.

The President’ will leave: Canton for
Indianapolis immediately after the funeral
and will attend the unteiling of the Lawton
statue and deliver the Memorial day ad-
dress in that oity. At 6 o'clock on the
evening of the 30th hé will leave Indianapolis
for Lansing, Mich., where on Friday he
will attend the fiftieth anniversary of the
establishment of agricultural colleges in
the United States. On the evening of
that day he will start on the homeward
trip, reaching Washington Saturday after-
noon, shortly after 4 o'clock.

 

SHE WASN'T THE MISSING GIRL,

And Yeung Man Whe Insisted on Finding
Gertrude Moongy Is Locked Up.
Arthur Mooney, a young man who is

 

in no way related to Gertrude Mooney,
who disappeared from her hom’ at {1
West Twenty-fourth street on May 20, was
arrested last night, charged with disorderly
conduct, as a result of anattempt to identify
Eleanor LeRevre as the girl who had
disappeared, Arthur Mooney knew Gert-
rude Mooney,and since ehe disappeared
has been looking for her, incidentally, as
he walked about. ;

On Sixth avenue near Seventeenth street
last night he eaw a girl he was sure was
Gertrude Mooney. He spoke to her by
that name, and although the girl told him
he was wrong he insisted. She appealed
to a policeman, who took both of them
to the Tenderloin station. There the girl
gave her name and eaid she lived in Brook-
lyn.

John Mooney, the girl's father, was
eent for. He said that the resemblance
was great, but that it was not his daughter,
Arthur Mooney was locked up.

SHAKEUP AT NIAGARA FALLS.

Secretary Straus QOrdere Changes at the
immigrant @tation.
Wasernetox, May 27.--The first move
in the direction of improving the personnel
of the imrnigration service was taken to-
day when Seoretary Straus of the Depart-
ment of Commerce and Labor ordered a
big shakeup in the etation at Niagara Falla,
Several officers at that place were orde
transferred, othérs had their salaries re-
duced and the resignations of a number

 

were a ted. It may be asserted on the
authority of Sooreraty Straus that the
& were the result of

charges of carelessness and inefficiency
j ree by John A. Clark, commissioner
| In charge of the patrol service on the Can-
| adian dames Bronson Reyn-
olds, the Administration's special investi-

| changes at Niagara Fi
|

r, and

Jefferson Market Trusty Taken te Bellevue
—Priseners Dosed.

Henry Barlow, a Blackwell's Island |
“truety” who had been working in the
Jefferson Market jail, was taken to Belle-
vue Hos iva} yoseerday afternoon suffering
t
was put in the prison ward at first and asa
result al! the patients in the prison ward
of anti-toxin. There were about |

twenty-one prisoners in the Jefferson |
| Market jail when Barlow was taken away, |
j all of whom were provaliy more or less

, e keeper the ja
exposed. The k of jail

from w & like scarlet fever. Ho

 

| got a close

are
rlow

| aufferi f hard cold He
' wae sent Soe k ril 11 by Magis-
| erate Sweeteer for disorderly conduct.

| DENOUNCE RIVERSIDE AWARDS

 

28. 1907, —Copyriont, 1007, by The Sun Printing end Publldhing Assdciation.

 

REAL ESTATE INTERESTS SAY

CITY IS BEING CHEATED.

 

oadway and Walker street. | Lively Meéting te Discuss the Contiemna-
The staff wes shattered and about forty |

thon Proceedings ~Com ptroiier Metz
Gays He'll Oppese Confirmation —Ltts
Valued at Five Times the Assessment.

/* é

- At @ largely attended meeting held last
night in the old Colonial Club house under
the direction of the Allied Real Estate In-
terests of the State a resolution was adopted
condemning the awards miadeé for the prop-
erty taken by the city in condemnation
proceedings for the widening of Riverside
Drive from 158th to 166th street as excessive,
and calling for an investigation of the
entire matter by the association.

Several warm speeches were made and
figures were produced to show that the
awards made by the commissioners ap-
pointed by Justice Dowling of the Supreme
Court were far in excess of the assessed
valuation of the propérty to be takén.
The oommissioners are Arthur Truax, 4
lawyer, and the son of Justice Truax of the
Supreme Court; Patrick J. Conway, a black-
smith, and Lawrence Kelly of 8$1 Tenth
avenue, who was described by one of the
members as “a gentleman of leisure.”

Comptroller Metz, who was one of the
apeakers at the meeting, was greeted with
cheers when he announced that the awards
would be held up by the Board of Eati-
mate. The matter is now before a special
committee of that body, composed of the
Comptroller, President of the Board of
Aldermen MoGowan and Borough Presi-
dent Ahearn. This committee has signed
a report favoring the dismissal of the
awards. Allan Robinson, president of the
allied interests, said that if the matter
were simply one of local interest the ass6-
ciation could not be expected to take it up.

“But,” said he, “this question affects the
whole city. The present instance sesmed
to be a most flagrant case of abuse in pro-
otedinge of this kind. While it is perhaps
not fair to take the assessed valuation as
the only guide in condemnation proceed-
ings, yet this valuation must have its in-
fluence in deciding values.”

Mr. Robinson then wént on to give some
figures showing the awards and the as-
seseod valuation. There are thirty-three
city lots in all to be taken, and thejaverage
award is over $83,000 a city lot. Mr, Robin-
son picked out a few of these lots as ex-
amples. For one lot which was assessed
for taxation at $24,000 an award for $118,000
was madé, and for another which was
down on the tax books as valued at $37,000
an award of $158,000 was made. Other in-
stances he gave were ons lot assessed
at $20,000, award $116,000; one assessed
at $8,000, $104,000; another assesbed at
the same pricé, award $96,000; one assessed
at $45,000, $503,000. .

William Seeligberg, a member of the
Washington Heights Property Owners’
Association, eaid that while he did not
doubt that the awards made by the com-
missioners were too high, yet it was the
sentiment of hie association that the im-
provement that the people had fought for
so long and so hard should not now be ob-
structed by any such tactics as it was
proposed by the allied interests to use.

At this point Harry Perleman, a real
estate man from Washington Heights,
jumped to his feet.

“I deny,” said he, excitedly, “that $33,000
is a fair price. We want the improvement,
but we don't want to be robbed. It is
the greatest graft I ever heard of. The
last speaker said that the action of the
commission is not final. It is not final
and we do not propose to let it becomes
final. The commissioner® are appointed
for political reasons and the Judges know
nothing about them.” .

Joseph N. Buttenweiser declared that
the award was not only high but that it
was ridioulously high, and that it ought
to be out in half at least. He said that the
commission should be withdrawn becaus>
it had been shown that it was not fit to deal
with the matter in hand. ‘

Comptroller Metz made a characteristic
speech, in the course of which he said:

“You péople are to blame. You let
assessment lawyers and other people got
away with you. Now 1am not going to say
anything about this matter of the awards
now, only to assure you that the action of
the Commissioners will be held up. We
will ask for a new commission, and if thei
awarde are too high why, we will hold them
up too, and call for still another commie-
sion. One of the biggest men concerned
in this matter told me to-day that he wanted
no unfeir awards, but was willing to take a
fair price for his property.”

The Comptroller then turned his atten-
tion to some ewards made in Queens
borough and said they were all out of
proportion to the actual value of the land
taken for public purposes. Some of these
awards, hé said, were made on an up and
down hasis of measurement instead of on
the level.

“But,” he continued, “these awards have
not yet been approved and if they are ap-
proved I am going to find out why. I be-
lievé that the city should stop buying prop-
erty for a while and take a rest while the
property it hes already acquired is being
imppoved.

“Any way you take it the city gets the
worst of it and there aré several reasons
for this.- The prices paid by the city for
property in condemnation proceedings
shows one of two things, either the valua-
tions put upon property for assessment
purposes are entirely too low or else we are
being muleted. This was shown by an in-
vestigation I made in which I discovered
that property in Manhattan was assessed
for only 57 per cent. of the price awarded
in condemnation proceedings, that in The
Bronx it was 49 per cent. and in Brooklyn
only 27 per cent.”

Dampskibsactressickabet,

Supreme Court Justice Kelly in Brook-
lyn yesterday granted an order directing
the United States Consul at Rotterdam,
Holland, to take the testimony of Albert
Gabrielli as witness for the plaintiff in the
ot Brought ageing the Fedral caverence
ompan m bsactreseleka

ormon. The clerk eine court had a
hard timé getting Hermod's tithe down
correctly.

Pare food laws are goed. Burnett's Vanills
{s pure food, Take no subsiitute,-—Adr.

EXCEPTIONAL VINTAGE CHAMPAGNE

dusty ogmmandiag a gromtye cleewhere, Mono-
pole Red Top end ey enopole Brut, of yates
of \A06, an exceptionally year. wold in the
United States toanake them popular, at non-vintege
pric eo,— Ade

 

 
 

4 ee tse is

 

 

ee

 
 

 
 

JAPANESE ATTACK WHI
San Franeiéce Dentist and
May Die From Knife Wounds. -

SAN Franctaco, May 27.—Three Japaneee
were arrested éariy to-day charged with
odfnmitting a murderous assault on Horace
Hazall, a déntist, and Randolph Merri-
weather, an electrician.

The white men were passing Geary and
Buchanan streets, they eay, when a crowd
of Japanese passed them. One of the
Japanese shotted: “Where the hell are
you going and without waiting for an
answer the Japanese drew knives and
attacked the white men, hacking them
60 flercely that it is feared they will die.

The police think the Japanesé attacked
thé two mn because they believed Merri-
weather was concérned in the attacking
of a Japanese réstaurant last week, Merri-
wéather's cousin was involved in the attack
on the réstaurant.

MORE JUDGES.

Mayor Approves the Bill to Enlarge the
Genera) Session: Bench.

Mayor McCiellan approved yesterday the
bill for the réorganizing of the-Court of
General Sessions. The bill, which waa
drawn by District Attorney Jerome, pro-
vides for the election next November of
three additional Judges and does away
with the distinctive titles of Reoorder and
City Judge.

The Mayor disapproved tite bill provia-
ing that either party to an action in the
Municipal Court, at any time not less than
three days before trial, may demand a trial
of the issues of fact by jury. All the Judges
opposed the bili as a parent of delay. Under
the éxisting law such demand muet he made
upon the Joinder of issus.

NEW BACILLUS AND MALADY.

Epidemic ef Throat Treubie Near Man-
chester Due to Globular Germ.
Special Cable Despatch to Thm Sux.

Loxpon, IMay 27.—Prof. Delepine of

Victoria University, Manchester, believes

that he has diso¢vered a new bacillus.

There has been an epidemic in Prestwich, a

suburb of Manchester, thoss attacked

having a swelled throat, leading to loss of
voice, inability to swallow, fever and
weakness.

are diseasé was at firet thought to be
diphtheritic, but Prof. Dslepine certifies
that the bacillus of dinhtheria is absent
and that the disease svams to be caused
by ¢ minute, globular bacillus which is
néw and distizct.

MAYOR PONDERS RECOUNT BILL.

Hasn't Had Time to Formuiate His Dis
appreval of Utilities Bill.

Mayor MoClellan had conferences yester-
day with William F. Sheehan, Morgan J.
O’Brien and Senator McCarrén on the
récount bill.

The Mayor did not act on the public
utilities bill yesterday. He began work
on the memorandum which is to atoom-
pany hie disapproval, but he had 60 many
callers that he was unable to finish it. He
expecte to return it to Albany in a day or
two. © :

NAVY SCANDAL AT PORTSMOUTH.

Commistary Steward Charges Constracter
With Alfenating His Wife,

Portsmouth, N. H., May 27.—Com-
missary Steward William A. Prosser, at-
tached to the United States receiving ship
Southerly, this evening caused the arrest
of Aésistant Naval Construcwr William B.
Fogarty, U. S. W., attached to thia navy
yard, on a capias writ for $10,000.

Prosser alleges the alienation of the
affections of his wife and claims $10,000
damages. The action is returnable at the
October term of the Superior Couwt

— a

TO VALUE THE NEW HAV®N ROAD

Engineers to Cover Every Foot of Road in
Specially Equipped Train.

New Haven, May 27.7-A crew of engi-
neers, in charge of George E. Palmer, will
leave this city on Wednesday for a five
months trip, covering every foot of track
owned by the New Haven railroad, to get
the exact value of the propefty.

A oar containing measuring apparatus
and other brakes, togethér with a living car
and special engine,will make the journey.

DR. FLOWER CONTINUES FREE,

Supreme Court of Pennsylvania Grants
Appeal in Extradition Case.

PHILADELPHIA, May 27.~—Dr. Richard C.
Flower, charged with swindling New York
people out of $1,000,000 with fake mining
stock and suspected of gathering as much
more from other parts of the country, is
atill free under a writ of habeas corpus.

The Supreme Court to-day allowed an
appeal from the Superior Court's decision,
which permitted Flowers release on bail
pending proceedings to have him extra-
dited to New York. This indefinitely blocks
4ll efforts to get Flower back to New York.

Flower, through former Distriot Attorney
Pell, his counsel, raises the plea to the
Supreme Court that he is the victim of @

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘conspiracy and that the prosecution against

him was begun merely to force him to
settle with persons who bought mining
stock and found the transaction unsatis-
factory.

DIVORCE TO MRS, HOTALING,

Who Witt Continue to Care for the Firit
Wife's (Her Sister's) Children.
Supreme Court Justice Dowling granted
a divorce yesterday to Clara A. Hotaling
from John W. Hotaling, with alimony of

$50 @ week, of which $20 a week is for the
support of two children. Hotaling is a real
estate dealer living at 101 West entieth

street,

Mrs. Hotaling ie the sister of Hotaling'’s
firet wife, and at the time of their marriage
d care for his son,

 

it was agreed she sho
John W. Hotaling, Jr, That agreement was
kept up, and Mre. Hotaling still cares for

we bey and the daughter, Adelene Louise
otaling.

BROADWAY CROWD SEES A FIRE.

Homegoers Stop at Bleecker Street to
Wateh the Firemen Work,

The reserves from five precincts were
called out at 6 o'clock last night to handle
the homegoing Broadway crowds that
stopped to watch the firemen put out a

fire on the top floor at the now nine story
Hegeman bui wine. at the southeast corner
of Bleecker st: and

Peer

The place is occupied by A. E. Rosen-
stock, & Spenutecuter of ste dad ena
nery goods, and eyery one eft when
the fire started. The other floors were all
looked up also. The firemen had trouble
hauling their hose up nine flights of the
fire eacape, but when they got it there the
blaze was quickly put out. The damage
was about $25,000.

 

DEWEY'S “BRUT CUVEE" CHAMPAGNE.
ts Quelity and ness are ¥
Hh. De a Wows On fhe Falton St, Nov York,

— Ave

Vc sid Slo
Fatt ab4 cooler to-day; fair
northwest win

TE MEN.
abe

1907. a
to-mdrrew; fresh
ar

 

PRICE TO CENTS.

 
   

! MOTIVE FOR PRIEST'S MURDER

VICTIM, MAYBE, OF JEALOUSY
AMONG ARMENIAN PATRIOTS.

 

If a Spy, Gays One Faction, Ke Deservert
What He Got—Was Geen in Restanrast

Two Hours Before Trunk Was Carried

Diligen: effort on the part of @ eo6rs
of detectives from Headquarters and ths
West Thirty-seventh street station did not
make much headway yesterday with the
solution of the problém of how the body
of the Greek priest, Father Caspar Haran,
or Vartarian, as the police records have It,
came to be found douled up in a trunk in

a room at 838 West Thirty-seventh strest 6n ”

Sunday.

The polics here have not been able to
find Paul Sarcas and John Gamonian,.6r
Nooridian, the two lodgérs who disappeared
from their room at 383 West Thirty-seventh :

| street last Wednesday, leaving the prieét's
body, or Sarki Ermajian, whose trunk Was
the one used to hide the body. The Chicago
police arrested an Armenian théy knew

! as John Morradian, but after a talk by
telephone with Capt. McCafferty of the
Detective Bur:au they let him go

Two facts came out yesterday which
may uncover the motive of the murder
and clear away to some extent the doubt
concerning how end when the priest met
hie death. Moet important of these ie that
Father Caspar was a politician as well as
a cleric and that he had close alliance with
oneéfthe Armenian secret revolutionary
societies in this city. It was learned yester-
day that there had been a eplit very re
cently in the ranke of the revolutionary
workers of the local Armenian colony and
that much bad blood had been engendered
between the two factions.

Vahram Serpossian, an Armenian, who
has & restaurant at 187 East Twenty-sixth
street and a number of Armenians gathered
there explained to a reporter yesterday
just what relation the affairs of the
chékis or Henchagian {society may
the murder of Father Caspar. Sérpossian
is an educated man who spedke eéveral
tongues of the near East and who is thor.
oughly conversant with Armenian affairs,
He knew the murdered priest well.

Throughout all Europe and in América,
wherever there is a sufficiently large on
ony of loyal Armenians, branches of the
Hionchekis have been ee@tablished The
avowed object of the order is to frée Ar-
menia and neighboring Christian countriés
from the ruie of the Turke. The New York
branch of the society was established some
time ago, Serpossian eaid, and had worked

to

| Inte the Fiat Where It wat Found.

a

 
   

   
 

 

was ee eo <
SEAE ees S Wet9

isolate

in harmony until two-monthe- age, wher or

there was a serious schiem,

Serpossian said that as a member of

the new branch of the @ociety he could
not enter into details of the cause of the
split in the ranke of the patriots, but feeling
ran high and there was and etill ie bitter
recrimination and aocusation of unfaith-
fulness passing between the two branches
| of the revolutionary order.
_ In Europe and in a few instances in this
country spies have been discovered in
the ranks of the Armenian sdéciety whos?
duty it has been to nip incipient revolutions
in Armenia by passing up to the Turkigh
authorities at home information of the
Honchekis campaigns.

“There have been spies in our own num-
ber,” said Serpossian festerday. “The
acousation of spy has been made often
against men who have been members of
out society.”

As the restaurant keeper apokée several
of hie countrymen gathered about hie chair
and listened intently.

. “If this Father Caspar was a spy we are

glad that he was killed as he was,” eaid
Serpossian, and the ‘others nodded their
heads in approval.

“Was the priest a spy?”

“If he was a spy he died like others have
died before him who have heen spies,”
was the answer the Armenian made.

The restaurant keeper and his com-
panions were avked if Father Caspar had
been a member of the Honchekis. They
said that he had, but they would not specify
which branch of the recently divided eo-
ciety he belonged to.

“Pather Caspar had a bad reputation,”
continued the opeaker for the group. “He
was known to be miserly and to prefer
to beg his bread and bed than work for
it. We have always known him as a man
who loitered around and-did ae little as
possible for a living. He had the reputa-
tion of being no good.”

The editor of a Slavic paper in thie city
who, though not an Armenian is well
acquainted with the affairs of the Ar-
menian colony, eaid yesterday that Améri-
eans did not know of the intrigues and
jéalousies that éxisted among the so-called
Armenian patriots and that the extent to
which the feeling between the local cliques
in the révolutionary movement had fun
was not known outeidé the Armeéniaris
‘themeelves. q

The editor said that a week ago last
Sunday the new branch of the Honchekis
held a meeting in Lyric Hall, which was
addressed by a Gen. Spiridonowitz of the
Russian revolutionary party in a fiéry
appeal to instant revolution. Resolutions
were passed calling upon the head Paris
junta of the society to prepkre an uprising
simultaneously in Macedonia, Armenia,
Arabia and Albania.

“I knew of this Father Caspar." said thé
editor, “an@it is my belief that he was v
likely killed because of his connection wi
one of the cliques in this patriotic society,
He was known to be a great politician, as
most of the Armenian prieste are.”

The second fact brought out in yester-
day's investigations which forced the de-
tectives to revise their theories of the time
and place of Father Caspar's murder ie that
he was seen alive at 12 o'clock noon on
Wednesday in the restaurant of Vahram
Berpossian.

Serpossian eaid yesterday that Father
Caspar came into his place at 11 o'clock on
Wednesday morning and got something to
eat. The priest told Serpossian at the time
that he had epent the night with two friends
at 888 West Thirty-eeventh street and asked
if he might sleep in Berpossian's rooms
over the restaurant on Wednesday night.
Serpossian said he refused to take the
priest in for that night.

According to this man's etory, the priest
came to his place of business alone and
carrying the black handbag which

j