ee nem
——

VOL, LXIXV.—NO. 195,

 

 

on, PARKAURST ALSO DEMANDS
BINGHAM'S HEAD.

 

‘nea to Gov. Hlaghes With Ais Compiaint
That the Men Attacked Have Net Shut
the Saloons on Gunday—The Geverner
wil) Serve Them With the Cnarges.

The Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, as
i resident of the Society for the Prevention
of Crime, went to Albany yesterday and

ied with Gov. Hughes forma] charges
sgainat Mayor McClellan and Police Com-
issioner Bingham for neglect of duty and
'emanded that the Governor remove both.

Dr. Parkhurst bases his’ charges and
emande vpon his already widely pub-
shed etatement that his society on a cer-
‘ain Sunday in December last found sev-
enty-one saloons in Harlem. doing busi-
ness, and that those same saloons con-
‘inued on sueeeding Sundays to do busi-
-ees, even after a list of them had been
-ent to the Mayor and the Commissioner,
1a shown by the purchase therein of hun-
ireda of flasks of whiskey by the doctor's
rgents, which flasks were put on exhibi-

n in lower Broadway.

Dr. Parkhurst said at his home last even-
‘g, while his society superintendent was
handing out copies of the charges, that
‘ov. Hughes had assured him that he would
erve copies of the charges at once upon
col. McClean and Gen. Bingham. The
doetor added that he intended bringing
the charges himeelf to the attention of
he State Excise Department.

“Beyond thie,” said the doctor, “I have

thing to say beyond what the charges
tiemselves contain. [ am not saying that
‘he excise laws are what they should be;
| simply say that they are not enforced
ind that the police\ can enforce them if
they want to. They can do anything that
they want to do.” ,

Immediately after the Sunday closing of
'. theatres last December Dr. Parkhurst
rote to Gen. Bingham informing him that
+o the very day that the Commissioner had
~) own euch activity in closing the theatres
te seventy-one saloona of Harlem had
! een doing a rushing business, and suggest-
1% that they be closed as wellas the theatres.

“I am writing to you,” the Doctor wrote
|» Gen, Bingham on December 12, “to ex-
| e868 to you our appreciation of the effec-
‘ve way in which you used the resources
.Y your office in executing last Sunday the
-tatute relating to Sunday theatres, 4°.
‘the resulta demonstrated what you can do
when you set yourself to it and move iis
to urge upon you to proceed at once o
exercise that same authority and in the same
smeere way in securing the enforcement
.f such statutes of the code as are relative
'» excise.”

Dr. Parkhurstgotno answer. On Decem-
er 22 he wrote the Commissioner again
: longer letter. in which, speaking of his
iormer letter, he said;

“We enjoined it upon you to proceed
| romptly to the suppression of excise viola-
ten in the use of the same resources em-
) loyed by you so succeasfully the Sabbath
previous in olosing up places of amuse-
went, Since writing the letter—leaving
vou timé to beatir yourself if you had any
nelination. that way—we again visited the
same section of the city and found the aame
-eventy-one saloons complacently engaged
in the same illegitimate business, from all

hich we are obliged to infer that they care
| othing for you and that you have no official
nterest in them. The burden of enforcing
‘he Sunday closing statute you will probably
nd somewhat serious, especially as you
Lave been lying down under it so long;
| wt all will depend on how much vertebracy

ere is in you and upon how competent you
:1e to handle the force under your com-
roand,”

With this letter the doctor enclosed the
st of Harlem's seventy-one Sabbath
| reaking saloons. On the same day the
‘octor sent to the Mayor a copy of his
+ tter to the Commissioner. On January 3
doctor jogged the Mayor's memory
‘ gain with the question, “Do you or do you
not propose to continue your present policy
in the matter of Sunday violation of ex-
cise?” The Mayor responded through his
secretary that the doctor's letter had been
repeived and brought to the attention of the
! olice Commissioner.

In hie petition for the Mayor's removal
Dr. Parkhurst aske the removal “.n that he
‘the Mayor) has not ob:yed the provisions

€ the Charter and he laws of the State
equiring him to be vigilant and active in
-anging the laws of the State to be executed
‘nd enforced, m that he failed and neglected
'o be vigilant and active in enforcing the
provisions of the liquor tax law, such
neglect having the effect not only to destroy
respect for the particular statutes in ques-
tion but t undermine that wholesome re-
zard for constituted uuthority upon which
‘he public well being and security depend.”
epecify further the con-

iolation of his oath, and
orrewpondence are appended
on fey removal, which also
copy of » latter gent out from the rooms
of the Sotiety for the Prevention of Crime
'o the clergy of New York in which it is
et forth that “the Mayor is probably not
‘estitute of moral sentiment, but we have
‘ound that sentiment rather shy and in-
coeanible.”
In the petition for Gen. Bingham’s
emoval the doctor asks it “on the ground
‘at the public interests require such
“moval because he has not obeyed the
rovisions of the Charter and of the laws
ind that he failed to carefully observe
nd inspect places of business having
voise licenses,” The whole story is then
“peated aa in the ease of the charges
‘zainet the Mayor, and a further charge is
cade against Gen. Bingham “in that he
‘siled to immediately notify the District
\ttorney of the proper county of the viola-
non of said law of which he had know!l-

4t Albany last night Gov. Hughes
eiused to make any comment on the
harges. The procedure to follow if he
“ntertaina the charges will be the same
» that provided in the case of sheriffs
vhere charges are preferred to the Gov-
ernor, in which case the charges are served

eee -

ON sete cy en eet ee re etree en

 
  
 

ASKS FOR MAYOR'S REMOVAL’

I nn wn sence aaa tian daar asia . ni -
Sg SS sousisinliptttscenitianeaeanataasieidiamemmaiameniimiiesiiaattniiee inten

a etennnenen ene nmnnnananaint

on the accused officials, who shall have
weanble time in which to anewer, after

urther nge reset with the
Governor When come up

 

oe ee a
Se

++NEW YORK,

setae ase eres eee meee +
ee

eS et

FRIDAY,
FLEET AT MAGDALENA BAY

   

 

 

during « legislative alee iteo aon ESPECIALLY QUICK TIME MADE

certain to be referred to a commissioner un-
less the Governor sees fit to dismiss them
offhand

Mayor McClellan said last mght that
after he had received a full transcript of
the complaints and had had an opportunity
to study them he might have a reply to
make to them through the newspapers,
but for the moment he would not comment
on them in any way.

The Mayor and Gen. Bingham have known
since the beginning of the week that the
charges. were to be sent to Albany. Both
believe that they are in a position to prove
that they have made every reasonable
effort to enforce the laws governing saloons.
Whenever a complaint has been received
by the Mayor he has forwarded the
complaint to the Police Commissioner
with instructions to see to it that the viola-
tion of the law was stopped and that
efforte were made to punish those who were
guilty. Gen. Bingham haa, on his part,
transmitted the complaints to the inspeo-
tors with similar directions.

Gen. Bingham had nothing at all to say
last night.

INSTRUCTED FOR GOV. HUGHES,

St. Louis District Gives Him Hig First
Mard and Fast Delegation.

St. Lous, Mo., March 12.—Resolutions
instructing its delegates to the Republican
national convention to vote for Gov. Charles
E. Hughes of New York for President as
long as his name is before the convention
were adopted by the Twelfth district
regular (Niedringhaus) Republican con-
vention, held here to-day under the
auspices of the State Republican com-
mittee. «

They are the first inatructiona for the
New York candidate given by any district
in the United States. A slight attempt
was made to defeat the Hughes resolutians,
but the effort waa of little effect.

Gov. Hughes was indorsed in the Eleventh
district Republican Congressional con-
vention also to-day.

In the Twelfth district John B. Owen
and Charles D. Comfort were elected dele-
gates and Charles A. Day and Gen. Rice
alternates. Both of the delegates spoke
for the resolutions before the convention.

Grant Gillespie and Dr. Goldburn H.
Wilson were selected to represent the
Eleventh district, with C. F. H. Dieselhorst
and Dr. W. P. Curtis aa alternates. They
were not instructed. A resolution indors-
ing Thomas K. Niedringhaus for national
committeeman was adopted with en-
thusiasm.

The Niedringhaus faction, which held
these conventions, had bolted the recent
Eleventh and Twelfth district conventions,
which selected national convention dele-
gates from the City Republican Chairman
Howes faction and instructed them for
Taft.

It wae reported at the Eleventh district
convention that the Hughes indorsement
was decided upon at a conference of the
Niedringhaus forces at the Hote} Jefferson
Wednesday night, at which was present
George L. Genung of New York city, per-
sonal representative of the Hughes League
of the United States.

 

 

DRUGGIST HELD FOR DEATH,

Sold Oxalic Acid for Carisbad Salts, Jury
Says, and Woman Diced.

Hans Jurgenson, a druggist of Astoria,
Queens, was held by Curoner Ambler and
a jury at Jamaica yesterday for the death
of Matilda Droge, 48 years of age, of 637
Seventh avenue, Astoria, Queens, on Feb-
ruary 10. Edna Droge, the fourteen-year-
old daughter of the woman, testified that she
had purchased what was supposed to be
Carlabad salts from Jurgenson and that
two days later her mother took some.
Twenty-five ntinutes later the woman was
dead.

A son of the dead woman testified that
when his mother was taken ill he carried
some of the supposed salta to a druggist,
who did not tell him what it was, but said
it was not Carlsbad ealts. Three doctors
were called, but death occurred before one
reached the house. A chemical analysis
of the stomach showed oxalic acid poison
and the contents of the bottle said to have
been sold by Jurgenson showed the same
poison.

It was testified that in the drug store the
police had found the Carlsbad salts bottle
and the oxalic acid bottle properly marked
on shelves eight feet apart. The verdict
was crimina) carelessness. Coroner Ambler
continued the $5,000 bail which Jurgenson
previously had given.

 

MRS. BALLINGTON BOOTH ILL,

Deeply Affected by News of the Death of
Mer Friend, Mrs. McAlpin.

Des Mormnes, la/, March 12.~Mra. Maude
Ballington Booth is Seriously ill at the
Chamberlain Hotel ere from an attack
of heart trouble. As she was leaving the
hotel last evening for the church where
she was billed to lecture a telegram was
handed to her announcing the death of
Mrs. MoAlpin, wife of Gen. Edwin McAlpin
ot New York. The death of her friend
greatly affected her, but she gave her
Jecture, at the conclusion of which a phy-
sician was called. He advised her to take

a long rest. 7
Gen. Ballington Booth said last night

 

that had received a late in

oon from ’ expressing
-~ f over the death of Mrs. Edwin
A. MoAlpin, wife of Gen. eles. who
died at the Hotel &t. ueeday.
Mrs. McAlpin and Mrs. _were co-
workers in the activities of the Volunteers

amon
long

America

ot the prisoners at
Sing Sing and Sad

been friends.

 

TOO LATE TO STOP A SUICIDE.

 

Police Got the News, In Fact, Before the
' Brother-a-Law.

Thomas Oliver, 32 years old, an unem-
ployed electrician, killed himself by shoot-
ing in his room at 217 Eest Twenty-third
street yesterday afternoon. Samuel Gold-
stein, who entered Oliver’s room to paint
it. found the hod and telephoned for the

police.

The lieutenant on the desk at the Fast.
Twoenty-second street station had just
deevatched a policeman to the house when
aman rushed in and exclaimed:

“For God’s sake send an officer to 217
Fast Twenty-third street. I just got a
letter from my brother-in-law, Thomas
Oliver, and he says he’s going

Cr You are too late,” eaid the lieutenant.
= was John McKenna of 334 East
Twenty-ercond atreet.

het al

> *

ae . a
a ht Bat ala die ast dad)

a eee

'
'

+ ee Es

 

ON RUN FROM CALLAO.

 

“wo Days Ahead of Schedule and in Better
Condition, Evans Reports, Than When
it Left Hampton Roads--Target Prac-
tice as Soon as Ranges Are tn Piace.

Wasntnoion, March 12,--The battleship
fleet comma..Jed by Rear Admiral Evans
anchored in Magdalena Bay, Mexico, to-day,
after a voyage of practically 14,000 miles,
two days ahea! of its original schedule.
Admiral Evans sent to-day to the Navy De-
partment this message:

“Fleet off Magdalena Bay: Will anchor
there 12th, being 11 days and 20 hours from
Callao and two days ahead of schedule
time. Fleet in better condition than when
it left Hampton Roads and ready for any
service in hour's notice. Target practice
begins soon as ranges can be established.”

The last leg of the long cruise was made
in especially quick time. The fleet left
Callao on February 29, one day later than
its original schedule, and covered the 3,012
milea between Callao and Magdalena Bay
in twelve days. It is expected that Presi-
dent Roosevelt will send a congratulatory
telegram to Admiral Evans to-morrow.
After three or four weeka of target practice
at Magdalena Ray the fleet will proceed
to San Francisco for the grand review of
the combined Atlantic and Pacific fleets

there on May 8.

The long cruise which was ended to-day
began on December 16 last, when the battle-
ship fleet sailed out of Hampton Roadg.
Stops were made at Trinidad, Rio de Janeiro,
Punta Arenas and Callao.

A complete survey will be made of all
the battleships at Magdalena Bay to ascoer-
tain what repairs are necessary before
the fleet leaves the Pacific coast. While
no official announcement has been made on
the subject it is understood that the fleet
will return to the Atlantic by way of
Hawaii, Manila and the Suez Canal.

It is the intention of the Navy Depart-
ment to limit the repairs on the various
battloships to a minimum. All the vessels
of the fleet spent about fifty days in the
navy yards on the Atlantic coast before
leaving on the long cruise, and it is thought
that only minor repairs will he neceasary
for a year or more.

Admiral Evans will also have an exami-
nation made of the hulls of the battleships
to determine whether or not any of them
will have to be docked and scraped. This
work will be done at the docks at Hunter's
Point in San Francisco Bay and at Bremer-
ton, Puget Sound.

Gen. Horace Porter, former Ambassador
to France and president of the Navy League
of America, sent the following despatch to
Rear Admiral Evans

“The Navy League of the United States
greets the commander, officers and men
of the aplendid fieet which has vindicated
the judgment of the friends of the navy
by its successful voyage, evineing readi-
ness, efficiency and discipline and aasur-
ing nationa] protection and continued
peace, and extends to them ita congratu-
lations and pledges them its continued
friendship and support.”

Senator Frye, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported from his com-
mittee and had passed to-day a bill en-
larging the powers of the Secretary of
Commerce and Labor to make regulations
governing operations of vessels during
regattas.

The Senator explained that the legisla-
tion was necessary in view of the coming
naval review at San Franciaco on the oc-
vasion of the arrival there of the Atlantic
fleet.

The bill repeals the regatia law, which
authorizes the making of regulations gov-
erning regattas, and reenacte it in a form
enlarging the powers to cover all forms of
naval parades. The object is to give the
Secretary of Commerce and Labor authority
over the harbor regulations at San Francisco
during the naval review.

Mexico City, March 12.—It was stated
in Government official circles to-day that
the Government's decision to refuse the
request of the United States for a con-
cession of a strip of mainland on Magdalena
Bay for smal! arms practice by the marines
of the battleship fleet will bo reconsidered
and that it is probable that the request
will be granted A time limit will be placed
on the concession and other restrictions
made as to the occupancy of the land.

San Dieco, March 12.—The early arrival
of the fleet in Magdalena Bay has upset
the plans of reception committees along
the coast. A party of citizens of San
Diego had figured on greeting Rear Admiral
Evans and his fleet in Magdalena Bay
to-morrow afternoon or Saturday at the
earliest, and in consequence did not ieave
San Diego until last night on the steamer
St. Denia of the Lower Califo¢nia Develop-
ment Company.

In this party, which wi!l be the first to
extend a welcoming hand to Admiral] Evans,
are Mayor Forward of San Diego, Senator
I. A. Wright, chairman of the invitation
committee for the Evans citizers com-
mittee; Col. D. C. Collier, president of the
Chamber of Commerce; Judge L. L. Boone
of the Evans citizens committee and a
number of other representative business
men of southern California. |

When this party arrives to-morrow
morning it will steam to the Connecticut,
Admiral Evans’e flagahip, and welcome
the fleet on behalf of the State of California.

Surprises await the fleet in Magdalena
Ray. The stretch of country surrounding
the bay has been converted *into an ap-
parently populous city in the last sixty
days. For the last month every incoming
steamship has brought in its quota of re-
crnits, and now there is little space avail-
able between the coast line and the base
of the mountain range that circles the bay.

Mexicans who were enterprising enough
to lay claim to the unoceupied land early
in the game are gathering in American
dollars by the hatful. Already the tents
are creeping up the mountain approaches.
When the fleet arrives there will be the
choicest lot of saloons and gambling lay-
outs the jackies have discovered since they
started on the trip.

The American Consul stationed at Mag-
dalena has requested the Mexican au-
thorities to prepare for an adequate polic-

to kill him- ; ing of the town.

The new cruiser California, which has been
at target practice, sailed from

Magdalena
ee ee ee
Sebree's squadron.
a ah alt, Wee wi “

 

| COP TOOK IN ELLIOT GOODWIN

 

For Being Out Late With a Bag Me Wouldn't
Let the Policeman see lute.

Elliot H. Goodwin, secretary of the Civil
Service Reform Association, who lives in
| Staten Island and also has quarters at

74 Madison avenue, was on hie way to his

Madison avenue house early this morning

after a protracted session of the board

of governors of the City Club when he
was stopped by Policeman Atanasio of the

Tenderloin station

M:. Goodwin was carrying @ iarge trav-
elling bag in which he had packed a night-
shirt and a toothbrush. The policeman
wantel to see what was in the bag, but Mr.
Goodw'n declined to give any demonatra-
tions and was invited to go to the Tender-
loin police station to finish the argument.

| Lieut. Sullivan was behind the desk.

He listened to the policeman’s story, heard

Mr. Goodwin in rebutval and declared that

the cop had done his duty according to

instructions.

Mr. Goodwin still doubted the right of a
policeman to pry into any package he might
be carrying no matter how late the hour,
and Sullivan showed as his authority sec-
tion 52 of the police regulations. The
section reads to the effect that a policeman
having reason to suspect may search any
suspicious looking bundle that is being
carried by any one at unseemly hours.

Mr. Goodwin had to read the C)
himself before he was satisfied. le took
note of the section in his pocketbook,
added the names of every one concerned
in the case and asked if he was at liberty
to go.

“Yes, after we've seen what is in’ your
bag,” said Sullivan, and Mr. Goodwin
put his grip on the desk and held it open
while Sullivan delved into its mysteries.
He decided that the nightshirt and tooth-
brush were not contraband.

i cunisisaaaalaniianidaionmine
NEBRASKA INDORSES TAFT.

Convention Accepts the Ohie Idea Regard.
ing Revision of the Tarif.

Omana, March 12.—-The Republican State
convention, which met in Omaha to-day,
adopted a platform strongly indorsing the
administrations of President Roosevelt and
Gov. Sheldon, selected delegates to the na-
tional convention and instructed them to
vote for William H. Taft.

The platform declares for a continuation
of the wise policies inaugurated and car-
| ried forward by the Roosevelt Administra-
tion and demands the nomination of a auc-
cessor to President Roosevelt who is com-
mitted to a continuation of the Roosevelt
policies. It goes on to commend Secretary
Taft's personal, moral and _ intellectual
qualities and to pledge the Nebraska dele-
gation to his support.

It demande a vevision of the tariff by a
special session of the next Congress, as
suggested in the Ohio platform, The tariff
is the only national question regarding
which the platform makes a specific rec-
ommendation.

The convention selected for delegates
at large to the national convention Gov.
Sheldon, Senator Norris Brown, Victor
Rosewater, editor of the Omaha Bee, and
Judge Allen W. Field of Lincoln.

Instead of the convention choosing a
national committeeman to succeed C. 8.
Morrell it delegated the power to the dele-
gates to the national convention. Victor
Rosewater has held Morrell’a proxy for
some time, and it is understootl that he
will be chosen his successor.

AMEND

Bill to Be introduced Which . Has the Ap-
proval of the Administration, —

WaSHINGTON, March  12.—Important
changes in the Sherman anti-trust law
will be proposed in a bill soon to be intro-
duced, which it is known will have the
approval of the Administration. The sub-
ject was discussed at a conference held at
the White House late last night, in which
President Roosevelt, Secretary Root, Secre-
tary Gartield, Attorney-General Bonaparte,
Commiasioner of Corporations Smith and
Francis Lynde Stetson of New York, Seth
Low and Samuel Gompers, representing the
Civic Federation, and Victor Morawitz
participated. .

The measure to be offered with the in-
dorsement of the Administration is being
framed by Mr. Hepburn, chairman of the
House Committee on Interstate Commerce,
who introduced a bill recently aimed at
stock gambling on margins. The bill will
permit railroads to opere.te traffic associa-
tions and otherwise to agree on certain
features of the conduct of their business,
and it will authorize consolidations of oon-
necting lines. It will except labor organiza-
tions from classification as combinations in
restraint of trade.

It will provide also for a publicity feature
of all facta concerning combinations and
corporate relationship of corporations,
aside from railroads, over which the Com-
missioner of Corporations has jurisdiction.

Other anti-trust laws will be enacted if
the President has his way with Congress.
His recommendations will be embraced in
a message to Congress, reference to which
has heretofore been made in Washington
despatches to Tak Sun.

 

 

 

 

TO ANTI-TRUST LAW,

 

TO CENSOR VAUDEVILLE JOKES.

Mayor of Chicago Wants Gags That May
Incite Anarchy Eliminated.
Cuicado. March 12.—Mayor Busee plans
, to stop utterances on the stages*of local
| theatres which may have a tepdency to
| incite anarchy.
} Corporation Counse] Brundage’s office is
' now at work on the plan and to-mdrrow
managers of the local playhouses will

 

receive letters which will request, their '

cooperation in the move. If they accede
to the request of the city administration
there will be a ban put on the brand of
vaudeville theatre humor which has for
ita butte John D. Rockefeller, E. H. Harri-
man and various financiers, politicians and
others.

| A vaudeville act at one of the local
| theatres in which flings were taken at
John D. Rockefeller and Chauncty M.
Depew is indirently responsible for the
pvoposed censorship.

ASSASSIN FOUND GUILTY,

Murderer of Father Leo Heinrichs Con.
demned to Death.

Denver, March 12.--Giuseppe Alia, who

 

 

 

shot and killed Father Leo Heinrichs in |
St Flizabeth’s Church in this city on Feb- ;

‘ruary 23, was found guilty of murder in the
firat degree to-day.
Hanging was fixed by the jury as the
penalty

Sa aay

 

ARS ON i-.
Ade. os

Bs

MARCH 138, 1908.—copvrigis, 1008, by The Sun Printing and

A

eee

 

‘

PAY AS YOU ENTER’ CARS SOON

MADISON AVENUE LINE TO TRY
THEM THIS MONTH.

 

 

Recetvers Wii Put 155 of Theth tn Service
and Expect Excelient Resalte—No
Mere Passengers Than Can Be Seated
Wii Be Allowed to Enter Any Car.

‘he receivers ot the New York City Ratl-
way Company announced yesterday thit 155
“pay as you enter” cars will be installed
on the Fourth and Madison avenues line
before April 1. The new cars, the compny
announces, are larger, heavier and in every
way better adapted to the comfort and con-
venience of passengers than are the old
type of cars. They are eleven feet longer,
wider and better equipped. The main
features, however, are the large platforms
and vestibules and the conveniences they
afford. The platforins of the “pay as you
enter” cars are seven feet six inches long by
six feet broad and large enough to accom-
modate twenty persons comfortably. These
platforms are divided into two compart-
ments, one for entrance and the other for
exit. The conductor stands on the rear
platform and takes the fares as the pas-

senger goes in.

In each end of the car there are two doors
opening into the compartments, but pas-
sengers are allowed to enter only at the
rear, although they may leave at either end
In pagsing out through the exit door at the
rear they will not interfere with those

gotting on, as thie door is for exit only
and the other rear door for entrance only.
The door in the rear through which pas-
seagera enter swings inward and is auto-
matically closed behind each person going
in. In the front Ahe passengers may go
out either through & similar swinging
door or through a sliding door.

In the sides of the car between the win-
dows within easy reach are electric buttons,
and by pressing one of these once the mot re
man gets a signal to stop at the next corner.

Through the use of these cars it is hoped
will come a material lessening of strap
hanging. Only seventy-five persons, the
number which may be comfortably carried,
will be allowed to enter the car, Passen-
gere will not be allowed to stand on the rear
platform.

The statement of the receivers seta up
these points in favor of the new oars:

They will abolish the distasteful congestion
now encountered on every line, be it surface,
subway or elevated.

They will do away with all crowding and
jJoatiing in getting on and off the cars.

They will reduce to a minimum all acci-
dents from premature starting.

They willsave time at all times and bring
comfort instead of torture during rush hours.

They will insure better ventilation, being
warnier in winter and cooler in summer.

They will abolish annoyance in paying
fares and in procuring transfers.

They will prevent passengere from being
carried past their destination through in-
ability to signal the conductor.

They will give all passengers an unob-
| structed view from the window.
| To work all these reforms, however, it
| ia necessary that the passengers should do

these things:

Go in at the rear, go out at either end, but
preferably at the front.

Have the exact change ready when you
step on the platform and hand it to the con-
ductor when you go in.

If you do not have the exact fare step to

} one side in the compartment, allowing the
conductor to make change after others have
passed in.

Pass quickly inside the car after paying
your fare.
Get your transfer when you pay your
fare, as the conductor does not go inside the
car. His post is always on the rear plat-
form.
To stop the car press once on the electric
button between the windows.
If a car passes you while you are waiting
on the street corner, don't scold. You may
know the car ia filled and another one will
be seen very close behind.
Don't insist on boarding the car after tho
conductor tells you that no more passengers
will be admitted. The conductor will place
his arm across the entrance when no more
passengers are to be taken.
When you step on the platform pass to
the left of the iron pole, pay your fare and
go inside. The words “Entrance” and “Exit”
are printed above and below the compart-
ments on the outside.
Another advantage claimed for the new
cars is that of preventing women from
getting off backward, This is done by
lacing the “grab handles” on the front
side of the doors only. By means of this
arrangement women will be obliged to face
in the direction the car is going when
they step down.

Each car at night will display a colored

signal light indicating ite destination, thus:

 

 

Northbound, Southhount,
Bive light...... 135th street...... Brooklyn Bridge
Yellow light... .116th street.,..... Broome or Canal St.
Green light,,,.“*th atreet....... Astor place
Red teht. No passengers... No passengers

 

POSED AS ARTIST KIMBALL.
Impostor Has Big Seolal Time in Asheville
TI He Is Discovered.

Asuevities, N. C., March 12.-A young
man whose name, it is believed, is A. G.
Kimball and who has suddenly disappeared,
has duped the town for two months, posing
as Alonso Kimball, a New York artist.

He has been lionized by society and one
afeir after another has been given in his

frequently sang
| engaged by the First Baptist Church here,

from time to time that Mr. Alonzo Kimball
would sing.

Following his engagement at the First
Baptist Church a choir of fifty voices was
organised.

When Kimball! firat made his appearance
here very flattering notices appeared in the
society columns of the local papers com-
plimentary to the New York artist. He
had on exhibition a number of Alonzo
Kimball's drawings made for the Ladies’

Publishing Aseociation.

 

 
  

 

|

| Wood, town clerk. There is no doubt here

|

HUGH BONNER DEAD.

 

Ten Years Fire Chief and Recently Ap
pointed Commissioner.

Fire Commissioner Hugh Bonner died
at 12:80 this morning at his home, 696 Weat
End avenue

Commissioner Bonner was at his desk
Wednesday and was taken sick with pneu-
monia that night. Dr. J. E. Kelly of 117
East Fifty-ninth street was summoned.
Yesterday morning Mr. Bonner was worse
and Dr, George L. Peabody was called in
consultation, Mr. Bonner sank rapidly,
but was conscious up to 10:30 last night.
His wife and three of his four children
were at his bedside when he die!.

Mayor McClellan appointed Bonner to be
Fire Commissioner on February 9 to suc-
ceed Francis J. Lantry, who resigned after
the Parker Building fire investigation.

Mr. Bonner was in his sixty-ninth year.
He became a fireman in 1860. In 1883 he
was mace battalion chief, in 1884 assistant
chief of the department, and chief in 1889,

After ten years in that post he re-
signed and was succeeded by Chief
Croker. He went to Manila for two years
and organized the fire department of that
city. In 1906 Commissioner O’Brien made
him Deputy Commiasioner here.

GOVERNOR DEFIES U. 8. COURT.

Orders Soxth Cerojina Banks to Disregard
Recetvers’ Demands for Dispensary Funds.

Cotumaia, 8. C., March 12.—Gov. Ansel
is determined to resist United States Judge
Pritchard’s order naming receivers to
take charge of the $800,000 dispensary
fund which is held by about thirty banks
in the State.

Gov Ansel to-day notified each of these
banks that if they pay out any of this
money on the order of receivers named
by Judge Pritchard they will be held re-
sponsible by the State for the sums so paid
out. Gov. Ansel further notified the banks
that they are not to recognize any au-
thority except that of the State in the
matter of the dispensary funds.

This is a direct clash with Judge
Pritchard's order to the same banks to
recognize only the Federal court's order.
Securities for the deposité are in the vaults
at the State Treasurer's office, where the
Governor had looked up the dispensary
books from the Federal court.

MAYOR EATS HUMBLE PIE.

Cincinnatt Executive Changes His Mind
About Women Chaalfeurs.

Cincinnati, March 12.—Mayor Leopold
Markbreit extricated himself from an em-
barrassing position to-day by surrender-
ing under a shower of protests from women.

When a few days ago an qutomobile,
driven by a woman, fatally injured a citizen
the Mayor instructed the chief of police to
forbid women from acting as chauffeurs,
He was eo thoughtless asa to add: “Theonly
machines women ought to run are sewing
machines.”

This incensed the Susan B. Anthony
Club, composed of vote demanding women,
and they stirred up agitation, asa result of
which every woman who owns an auto-
mobile and a great many who do not
personally and by mail protested against
the Mayor's attitude.

“I eat humble pie,” he said to-day.
was all wrong.”

 

 

 

"_

 

MRS. MACKAY’S NEW WORK,

Elected a Member of Rosiyn Board of
Trade, Sh¢ Is Expected to Help the Town.

Rosirn, L. I., Mareh 12.—Mras. Clarence
H. Mackay was elected to membership in
the Roslyn Board of Trade last night. Three
years ago she ran for achoo} trustee against
Dr. Leys, and so strong a fight was made
for her that she won with ease. Since then
she has shown great interest in the village,
the school and the church, helping all of
them in different ways.

At the meeting last night, after the regu-
lar business was transacted, the names
for new members to the Board of Trade
were called, and among them was that of
Mrs. Mackay. She was elected unani-
mously. Other members elected were Will-
iam Post, a bank cashier, and Monroe

 

that Mrs. Mackay is planning to help the
village in some way.

 

 

GREAT ENGINEERING FEAT.

Iron Mountain Drainage Tunnel Hits De-
sired Level to the Inch.

Hevena, Mon., March 12.--A remarkable
feat in mining engineering was finished
to-day when after driving for two yeers |
the station at the £00 foot level of the Iron |
Mountiin mine was tapped by a tunnel |
more than a mile long at the desired epot ;
to the inch. For years the property was a
regular producer and paid a million in divi-
dends. It had to be abandoned because
of the expense of pumping water to so great
a height. Then the tunnel was decided
upon and now the mine is being drained
by gravity. Great fear was expressed by
the State Mine Inspector that the heavy
water pressure would cause a break and
drown the workmen, but this was avoided !
by running @ zigzag crossout. The mine
is owned by Helena, New York, Missoula
and Philadelphia capitaliste.

BELL'S AEROPLANE FLIES.
Tho Red Wing Galle Ajmest 319 Feet and
Makes a Record.

Hammonperont, W. ¥., March 12.~
The new aaroplane, Red Wing, of Prof.
Alexander Graham Bel] few 218 feet 11
inches at an elevation of from ten to twenty
feet to-day. A committees of the Aerial
Experiment Association and a number of
other people were present. The Red Wing
is operated by an eight cylinder gasolene
motor. The distance covered to-day is
said to be a record for the United States.

EX-GOV, BECKHAM RETIRES. |
Says Me's Had All the Heners But One |
Kentacky Has te Confer.

Frankfort, Ky., March 12.—Ex-Gov,
J.C. W. Beckham, who was defeated a week

a a a a a a a Rr

|

 

 

 

 

Home Journal in one of the leading stores | ago by ex-Gov. Bradley for United States

here, together with some pen and pencil
drawings of local scenes.
A few days ago an Asheville

woman, {

Senator, to-night in a speech at a dinner
given in his honor by the Democratic Club
of this city retired from politics uncon-

writing to a friend in New York who is an | ditionally.

admirer of Mr. Kimball, mentioned his
visit here and the round of affairs that had
been given for him.

| The New York woman, when she next
met Kimball, referred to the letter, and
Mr. Kimball denied ever having been in
Asheville. . ,

He said that as long as he lived he would
never again seek an office or further
political honors, With the exception of
election to the Senate Beckham said that he

had had everv honor that the peeple of his
State could confer on hir~.and that he had
mo further political ct

iit

  
 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

HOBSON COMES TO LILLEY'S AID

NEW PHASE OF THE SUBMARINE
BOAT SCANDAL.

 

 

Hobson Says a Proposal Was Made to Him
by @ Representative of the Electric
Boat Company That if He Wenld Vote
Right He Could Get on Naval Committee

Wasurnoror, March 12.—Sustenance wae

&

nectiout to-day in the evidence
Richmond Pearson Hob He
Mr. Lilley as a witness
committee | investigating
boat scandal.

st
i

listener during the testimony
Mr. Lilley earlier in the day.
had described meetings between
ents and himself in Washington
had been called upon to support a
that was to be introduced in
Committee, of which he was a
favecring the construction of the
Boat Company's model. Capt.
testified that a proposal had been

itll

i

lived in New York. He had always un-
derstood that Mr. Spear was employed by
the Electric Boat Company in the capacity
of naval architect.

On examination Capt. Hobson said he
had received letters from Mr. Spear asking
for an appointment in regard to a matter
of “mutual interest.” He had not granted
an appointment. Eventually Mr. Spear
got him on the telephone and told him that
he understood he—Capt. Hobson—wished —
to be appointed on the Naval Committee.
Mr. Spear added that his company hed
influence with the Speaker and would use
it if Mr. Hobson would vote “right” on
the submarine. The proposition was that
Capt. Hobson should reouve the support of
Mr. Williams of Migs ssippi for the Naval
Committee and the Electric Boat Com-
pany “would do the rest.”

Q. Mr. Williams is the minority leader
in the House, is he not? inquired Mr. Olmsted.
A. Yea, air.

Q. So that his indorsement of you for the
Naval Committee would be equivalent te your
appointment, would it not? A. 1 do no
know.

Q. It is the custom of the Speaker to ap
point the minority of the committee acoord-
ing to the recommendation of the minority
leader, is it not? A. I believe it is,

Q. So that if Mr. Spear managed to get
you to get the indorsement of Mr. Williams
in consideration of his doing the rest there
would not be much left for him to do? A. 1
suppose not; I do not know,

Q. What reply did you make to Mr. Spear?
A. 1 told him I did not care for the influence
of his company.

Mr. Hobson said that_he was anpointed
to the Naval Committee on his official ap-
plication. It was known to his friends in
the House that he wanted to get on that
committee He had not urged his own ap-
pointment and he did not know whether
any of his friends had urged it. 7

Asked how well he knew Mr. Spear and
what their relations had been, he
that they had been schoolmates and spent
three years together in the Naval Academy
as members of the same construction corps.
Their relations had been cordial as relations
are between officers and members of the
same corps.

Mr. Lilley was recalled to tell the com-
mittee something more about a complaint
made some days ago that he had been
shadowed by detectives. Mr. Lilley seid
that fully a dozen men had been placed
on his trail. One stood constantly at his
office door in the House office building
Two were on duty at the outer door of the
office building. The sergeant at arms of
the House had told him there were half a
dozen shadowing him around. The hote!
detective at the Willard knew three of thers
were stationed at the hotel. Personally he
did not care about it, but his family had
been placed under surveillance also. He
thought the committee should ascertain
who was employing all those nen

Mr Gregg of Texas asked to be called.
In taking his seat he said he did not appear
as a witness, but merely to refute a state-
ment made by Mr. Lilley concerning him.

“He knows as much about that as he
does about anything else he talks about,*
Mr. Gregg added hotly.

The attention of the Texas Representative
had been called to the testimony of Mr.
Lilley wherein he had said that an attor-
ney for the Electric Boat (© was
employed in Mr. Gregg’s district to in-
fluence Congressiona! legislation.

“There is not a word of truth in it,” My.
Gregg declared. “The statement is made
out of whole cloth.”

The attorney mentioned as living in bis
district, R. E Coward, lived in Dallas,
200 miles from his district. Mr.
believed he was in W: ay}
talked to him about submarines and
not know that he knew anything af
marines. He was attorney for the Trinity |
River Company. :

Mr. Gregg was asked if any one had ever
spoken to him of submarine legislation
either in his district or in Washingtesa or
elsewhere. He answered in the negative
and supplemented it by saying be had per
ceived literature 6p the subject, but thas

was all.
Mr. Lilley read his opening statement after
being sworn.

ie nig Boat Company in
stricts Ng campaigna, he
the perticular activity of W. ee
an Electric Boat atterney in the
Representative Loud of Mi
wae not making any char net
sentative Loud, he added. fy hsesesanr eee
trating the improper methods of the boas
company. Its plan was to have its repre-
sentatives approach constituents of Con-
greasmen, preferably manufacturers, and
have them attempt to influence
men to vote for the Holland type of qu
marine. The interest of the manufacturer
was gained by offering him a large contract
in case the company succeeded in getting
a contrect from the Goverament

“Do you object to giving the conmmitter
now the name of the manufacturer whe
tried to influence your vote in the Nawal
Committee?”

“I do not. It was Franklin H. Taylor
of Waterbury, Conn.”

Mr. Taylor had asked him to vote for™