ira
0-
as

 

   

=—

VOL. LXXXIIL-—NO, 242.

—_———
=—-—-

KAISER TO SEND THROUGH GERARD
PLEA OF OLD FRIENDSHIP FOR U. S.;
NOTE MAY BE ON WAY TO-MORROW |

1 ne oe

dor to Convey Personal

|
Emperor Sent for Ambassa- |
Appeal to Americans, |

HOPES. WITH WILSON,
TO BRING WAR TO END!

IT SHINES FOR ALL

++¢

KAISER

 

 

‘
ee ees tee (
. ‘ + Berwin via Amsterdam, April 28.—
. 4 . « | . ‘ . é
Will say (rel mans Are }At 7 o'clock sharp this evening there
| pulled into a certain railroad @tation

Ready for Peace Terms,
Washington Report, |

Wasuinoton, April 28.—The true!
agnificance of Ambassador Gerard's |
wait to the German grand army head- |
quarters, where he will have an audi- |
ence with the German Emperor, was
explained to-day in official advices from |
Serlin, The visit has been made at,
ye Emperor's request in order ‘o per- |
mit him to convey through Ambassa- |
dor Gerard an earnest plea to President |
Wilson to maintain friendly relations
with Germany.

No discussion of the submarine is-
sue between the Emperor and Ambas-
sador Gerard is expected. Details of
the negotiations and the framing of
the German repiy to the American note
are now in the hands of Chancellor von
Bethmann-Hollweg.

The German Kaiser's message to Mr, |
Gerard will deal primarily with the |
wecessity of averting war “between two,
friendly peoples’ over what German |
ficials here deseribe as “technical in-)
‘erpretations of international law” |
which could be satisfactorily adjusted |
vy arbitration or by an international |

|
'

wibunal.

Personal Appeal to Wilsun.

It is expected by those in touch with
sefhn that the Emperor will appeal |
rectly to President Wilson's tirm be- |
‘fin the doctrines of peace and arbi-
vation while indicating that severance |

diplomatic relations would be uni-}
rsaliy regarded iff Germany as a}
reliminary to actual hostilities, |
The Emperor is understood to re- |
card war between the American people!
nd che German people as “an un- |
wnkable calamity.” He will empha- |
sue the years of unbroken friendship |
sich oave happily characterized the
tons of the two peopies and at the |
sme time contrast the consequences |
hich would result from a diplomatic |
reak over the submarine issue, which
regards as not of vital interest to
\merican citizens.
The Emperor is loath to believe that
mere misunderstanding over Amer-
in interpretation of Germany's rules
conducting a war of self-preserva-
on acainst “enemies designing to
could be made the basis of
uw the United States in the con-

fagration

iush her

 

|
“Nelther People Want War.”

He w the the position, it is under-
soou, fiat neituer the German people
rtie American people want war and!
titis the solemn duty of those in
atae of the destinies of these peoples

avert “such a ealamity.” He will
tuermore give Mr. Gerard assur-
fs, it is understood, that the Im-

ea Government is ready to end the
wld confliet any time the Allies are
‘dy ty» abandon their campaign of

  

  

‘s the belief that the end of the |
s a'ready in sight unless the cone |
infortunately should be broadened
ind thereby lengthened.

= nothing in the advices from /
‘erin whieh indicate that the Emperor |
8.) discuss possible concessions which |
\y may feel able to make to the

an demands. The impression

ver, that this matter would be

mmente! on only in a general way,

understood to feel

ton must be found on some ,
satisfactory basis. The de-

%' is said, may be taken up after

nference with the Emperor by

rard and Chancellor von Beth- |
Mann-Holiweg

 

  

s the kimperor is

ata BO.

 

“somewhere in the west" a special ex-
press train carrying the American Am-
bassador, James W. Gerard, on his way
to the Germany army headquarters in
the fleld. When this train speeds back
tu the Germaa capital—probably to-mor-
row night American will
be carrying, it is understood, the Kaiser's
answer to President Wilson's demands

the diploma’

concerning German submarine warfare. | 10)

‘unforeseen

He may have also a special message
from the German Emperor to the Ameri-
ean [resident and to the American peo-

Everything here to-day indicated that;

TO ORDER U.S. REPLY
AS AMBASSADOR RETURNS

| Submarine Answer Being Prepared While President’s
Envoy Speeds on Way to Front and Back—Op-
timism Prevails; Americans Unpack.

|taches who a

NEW YORK,

Taveszeituig, in whieh Count zu Ree;
ventlow continues to call for a defiant)
answer to America’s demands, the Ger-/
wan press has adopted a policy for a)
coneiiiatory reply and aimed at a main- |
tenance of friendly relations with the!
United States, |

Meanwhile American Embassy at-|
week ago began to pack }

their personal effects have unpacked |
them. Word reached the American col!
ons on Berlin late yesterday evening, it
i. Jearned, that the crisis apparently las
pussed Whence this information came

Known, but
Ing authentic

hot it was credited as be

Americans here were fur-
informed, it is sald, that if for some}
reason a break should come |

vetween the two nations it would cer-{

{tainly not be before May 5 }

Germany expects that what the Kaiser!

will 6ay to the American Ambassador
will end the whole submarine crisis and
reestablish the friendship and the good
will of former years between the two
nations.

Unofficial reports to-night had it that

which will put the final touches to the
note which has been under preparation
since the Imperial Chancellor, Dr. von
Bethmann-Hollweg, returned from his
second conference with the Kaiser
the front.

 

|

at i Secret

Lasitania Anniversary.

No explanation was offered for fixing
this date, In some quarters, however, it)
is presumed that the date hus something
to do with the anniversary of the sink-
ne ot the Lusitania, which falls on
aa .

Owing to the tension the majority of}

 

the Government's formal reply to the} Americans here have remained indoors)
United States will be despatched to-/at the suggestion of the police authori-
morrow night. It is possible, therefore, | ties, who feared molestations by what!
that at the end of the confereace with S'e termed here “biertiseh  politiker’ |
|} Ambassador Gerard the Emperor will | ‘beer table politicians). Americans ap- |
telegraph final instructions to Berlin hearing in public places have been made

to feel uncomfortable, but there have
been no noisy anti-American demonst:a-
tions anywhere |

The view that the United States has a
treaty with England on the
strength of which it is now courting a
break with Germany has been spreading

 

At Gerard Conference. 1 wide circles, Some members of the
Reichstag repeated this theory ¢ -
It was learned to-day that Vive-Ad- | jy; ssador Garara van inn ait it -
miral Eduard yon Capelle, who suc-)jpatically . .
ceeded Grand Admiral von Tirpitz as One of }

Minister of Marine, left for
quarters on Wednesday.

army head

Mr. Gerard.
on his journey to the front by Joseph ©

Grew, secretary of the American Em
bassy. The Ambassador's visit is made
at the persoual invitation of the Mm-
peror

“| pressed the Germs
Tt is believed | re sentient
he will be present at the conference with lhere.

The latter is accompanied | 4

The presence of Admiral von Capelle!

at the conference is taken here as a
foregone conclusion, the purpose being.
it is explained, to have the Minister of
Marine point out the technical ques-
tions involved in submarine warfare,

with a view to explaining just how far) international
con-! severance of
forming their operations to the Ameri- | Stutes

the German Admiralty can go in

can views
A significant sign of optimisin wit
regard to the outeome of the tierman

 

American controversy was seen here to

day in the fact that the Berlin Stock dent Wilson as

Exchange continues to improve in tone

Market reports showed the financial
thermometer to have practically
sumed its normal state

With only one exception

 

 

 

RICH MEN TO HUNT
DAVY JONES'S GOLD

Company Formed to Seek
Treasure at Bottom of Sea
in Rotting Hulks.

Most plausible adventurers have gone
Within years even recent into the doubt-
ing atmosphere of Wall Street to spin

'
|

re- | Minister
jhours and that
the Deutsche j sveceed him

l risks on

 

their tales of pirate gold waiting on the,

bottom of the sea in rotting hulks for

the man of initiative—and some
The tales and schemes of such have gone
stale, but Wall Street, the young blood
of Wall Street, has its red corpuscles, its
longing for fair profit to be gained from
honest risk and skilful planning

That is exactly why the Interocean
Submarine Engineering Company is now
a corporation, fully capitalized to pry
into Davy Jones's secrets, to hunt up and
down the seas for abandoned treasure
No mere adventurers won the ear of such
men as Percy Rockefeller, George I’.
Baker, Jrv.,, Charles H, Sabin, Albert H
Wiggin, G. M. P. Murphy and others of
Wall Street's young capitalists who are

cash, |

; Clals is

among the more prominent of the inves- |

tors in the treasure hunting concern.

| Exact information combined with scien-

| tifle engineering plans interested them in

|
'
Move Produces Confidence, {

 

 

the project.

Rear-Admiral Colby Mitchell Chester,

fi of the action taken by the! U. S. N., retired; W. 1. Franklin, for-

\ Emperor and his readiness to! merly a Heutenant in the United States
an earnest plea through Mr. navy, and George David Stilison, the
‘rard already is noticeable here. engineer who raised the United States
, submarine F 4 off Honolulu, are the

 

‘dence Was in evidence at the Ger-
hn

rin
un that

tssy despite reports from’
German people now
unwillingness to
effectiveness of the sub-

against Great

the
» dotermined
riflee the

ne Campaign

the State Department
ver the possibility that
Will substitute an appeal
n Emperor for a definite reply
‘ie President's submdrine note, It
no. known here whether the mes- |
‘se which the Kaiser will send to;
Sident Wilson through Mr, Gerard
“he inade public here. It is possible |
! muy le held up pending the re-|
“pt of Germany's treply to the note, ;
“te lope is expressed in German |
“Ges that the Emperor's message will |
communicated to the American |
“ople without delay. {
Tiere were no official reports to-day
a the progress in the negotiations con-
‘erning the reply. President Wilson |

and hit Cabinet met and discussed the |

  

ermany

om the

6

    

 

‘ubmarine issue briefly. Secretary |
‘Ausing said he had received no ad-

"ees concerning the sltuation.

 

Ralsinu Fonds for Change in cutee |
Special Cable Deepatch to Tae Sux !

,kiNaetow, Jamaica, April 28.—Wong |
& Chinese politician, is here to raise
trom the local Chinese community
“help secure a change of,
hina, He hag succeeded tn.
MGs Ho 'ru) Ameriea. fate

men who have convinced Mr, Rockefeller,
Mr. Baker, Mr. Sabin and the other in-
corporators that there are excellent busi-

|

ness opportunities in attempting to wale |

vage steam and safling ships that

the factors which have im-
public is the e#oli-
among Americans
there were many
Americans who showed sympathy with
the German attitude in the submarine +
controversy, and even went so far as to
eriticise the American stand, the feeling
among them has been absolutely unani-
mous in favor of the American view since
ne last Washington note wae published
here,

of aeutiment
While formerly

Break “Act of Madnens.”
Dr. Siegfried Heckscher, an expert on
law, tolay said that a
relations with the United
nd a subsequent war “would be
a culminating act of madness.”

He expressed the certainty that neither
the German nor the American
Want a break Hie charactertzed
“a nan of principles.”

The Deutsche Tageszeitung publishesa
report that the resignation of Fore
von Jaugow is onty a question of
Prince von Buelow will

 

 

  

   

ships that meet with mis-
fortune ask usually for only about 10
per cent. of the value of the salvaged
eargo, The profit: possibilities are
vious.

The company
600

ob-
is capitalized for $125,-
and there are twenty-four
stockholders. The stock is 7 per cent
cumulative preferred and 10,000 sires
of common stock have been issued to
the stockholders as a bonus s com-
mon stock has no value as yet Laver
on, if the operations of the company

  
 

    

  

 

Should bear out the thusiasth r

tions of Admiral Chester, Mr. Brarcctin
and Mr. Stillson, the capital may o- in-
ereased and participation offered to the

public

The companys may decide aleo to make
a specialty of difficult marine engineer.
ing, such as the digging of tunnels be-
neath rivers and calsson work There
is even talk that an effort will be maue
to salvage the Lus.tania, or at ieast her

{

 

       

cargo, including $2,000,000 in gold bull-
jon and a vast fortune in jewels. She
lies in 400 feet of water and ner lova-

tion is well known,

None Making Boaats.

| is onty practicable schemes
the c Mny iS Considering, An effort
to salvage the ‘Titanic, for exan ple,
would be hopeless, since the great White
Star liner is at least 1,700 feet under
the surface of the sea

None of the stockholders or active offi-
making boasts as to what will
be accomplished, They say merely that
they know what they are about, that the
idea ix good business and that they are
going to Work stematically, If their
first efforts are successful they may
attempt to salvage valuable vessels that
have been torpedoed in the various wat
areas. Attention was called to the fact!
that 481 merehant vessels, with a ton-
nage of 1,621,000, have been sunk since!

that

 

the war began, and that the value of
these vessels, exclusive of cargoes, !4
roughly $248,315,000,

The originator of the {dea is Rear Ad-/
miral Chester, who is now 72 vears old, |
He submitted the idca to a young banker,
one of the incorporators of the company,
and the banker thought so well of the:

plunged to the bottom in stress of storm. | plan that after having it investigated by |

| It is the most ambitious scheme of | his agents and receiving a favorable re- | COutaining digests of reports received |
the sort that has ever been attempted,

for it involves not only daring efforts
to lift cargoes of gold and silver and
preci@éus stones but to raise great ships
that might be added to merchant fleets
thinned by submarine warfare and the
rigors of war.

. Admiral Is President,
The president of the new concern, the

most romantic {in inception that Wal!
Street ever saw perhaps, is Rear Ad-
miral Chester. W. D. Franklin, well

known for his connection wiih Uie Navai
Militia, is the treasurer. The chief
engineer and diving expert is George
David Stillson, who is said to be the
most capable deep sea salvager in the
world. In the navy he was known as
“Chief Gunner" Stillson, and he estab-
shed a world's record when he lifted
the 4-4 from a sea depth that had ap-
palled most naval engineers.

Very probably the first adventure upon
which the Interocean Submarine Com-
pany will embark will be the raising of
a Ward liner which sank thirty-five
miles off Cape Hatteras some years
ago with its cargo of $200,000 in silver
bars and $700,000 worth of non-perish-
able Should the attempt be suc-
cessful theré will be enough profit to

 

    

|

port from them, he lent his name tu the |
concern and opened his check book. Also}

j he interested his friends, many of whom |

|

joined him as stockholders,

Percy Rockefeller, at his country home,
Owenoke Farm, Greenwich, Conn,, In-
formed THE SUN last night that he con-

‘sidered the plan quite feasible and that}

‘
|
:
|
|

|
1
|

'
}

fon a story in an obscure newspaper be- | terview would be largely confined to an |

  

\

of the first job and
Yee. a, conily in a won one | ces report, one declaring that the revela-

the next

he had made a “sinall investment.” He |
had nothing to do with the management
of the company, he said.

 

GERARD ATTACKED IN PAPER. |

Ambassador Secretly Kindling War
With Germany, In Charge, |
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun, |

COPENHAGEN, April 28.—The Kieler |

Neuesie Nachrichten prints an aston\sh-

ing attack on Ambassador Gerard based |

 

longing to the German League,of Truth,

The Nachrichten gays that the league
is about to publish sensational docu-
ments proving that Ambassador Gerard
has been secretly kindling war between
Germany and America in behalf of a
group of interest persons,

Several provincial papers reproduce

ration.| tion occ at a critical moment, evi-
"whe naume. insurance domly «
Mies Sein Bes |

of God's grace to Germany.

SATURDAY, APRIL 29,

—

CARRANZANEAR

   

1916.— Copyright, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

—

QVERTHROW OF ©

ENVOYS TOLD

—-.- |

 

 

Collapse of Government |

| Threatens, Foreign Fin- Waterford, Galway, Kerry

| hassies Hear. | and Wexford. secsieantoeeiini

| - ma eae ieaaaeneim Says Rebellion Comes on Eve
SI ARVING PEOPLE ON | of Recognition as Free

Nation.

VERGE OF REVOLT

| HOLD POST OFFICE
Kirst Chief in Danger of | Forty-four Dead and Fifty-
Death for Letting U.S. |

|

, —_——_- ——— ----

a
SINN FEINERS STILL |
|

|FEARS ERA OF SLAVERY

 

Bs JOHN REDWOND,
Leader of the Irish Nationalints,
Special Cable Despate) to Tun Sus,

Lonpon, Apri} 28 —My first feeling on

| hearing of this insane movement Was one

to Tuk Sus ,of horror and discouragement, almost of
| A serious fire i8! despair. 1 asked myself whether Ire-

the downfall of Carranza’s Government} raging in Sackville street, one of the! jana, a® So often before in her tragic his-
| principal thoroughfares of Dublin | tory, was to dash the cup of liberty from

The general post office is stil! held by | her lips Was the a smal!

Troops In,

one Wounded, Latest
Reports Show, |

 

Washington Specia Cable Despatch
Lonpon, April 28

Moreen

have received reports from Mexico that |

emoassies in

Ss near.
With

starvation and pestilence ali, insanity of

} ; « 9 y”
;over the country, financial chaos and| the rebels and serves as their head: | fect! n of her people once again to turn

fall her marvellous victories of the last

business stagnation in the principal} quarters
cities, particuiarly Mexico city, the| In various paris of the city sniping
people are ready to oust Venustiano| parties perched on the roofa of build- | final recognition as a free nation into an
Carranza, it is said. | ings continue to aggravate the Govern- | other
The report declares that all of| ment troops who are trying to put | suffering and weary, uncertain struggle”
Mexico is on the verge of revolt, the; down the rebellion which started last | For, look at the Irish position to-day,
last cause of unrest being resentment} Monday and which appears to be still lin the short space of fort eogears she by
against Carranza for letting the Amer- | raging flerceiv, although the Govern- | constitutional movement has
ican troops cross the border after Villa. | ment late to-night officially expressed | Most unbrokenly a

made al-

triumphant march

Villa is again a national hero. | confidence that its extinction is only a [fm pauperism and slavery to prosperity

| ; and freedom. She has won back the pos-

Poe earece 6 are ee enters <> ere ae a ae [session of the Irish land. She has
ranza’s household, and he is in danger The Four Courts, situated on the | stayed emigration. She at last has be-
of assassination, the embassies hear northern banks of the Liffey, half Way | gun an era of national prosperity

vetween the Royal Barracke and Dub- |
lin Castle of the river, are still
firmly in the hands of the rebels.

Finally she has succeeded in placing on
the statute book the greatest charter of
freedom ever offered her since the days

Hostility is, said to be shown in,

soutna

wWexico city to Americans in particular

 

 

and to all foreigners in general Mires are raging in several parts of the of the creation Is all this to be lost”

Gen, Obregon, Minister of War, at. ; One: i i When the war came she made her
Juarez denies that there is any feelin, ae Cee eee feat | choice, which Was inevitable If she was
Juarey . ~e the I isa ing An unofficial report late to-enight!¢o be true to all the principles which
ig a £ * > +
Cgainec Carranza, said that the Sinn Feiners were ex+/she has held through all history and

Gens. Seott and Funston called on pelled from. their position on St,| Which she has just so completely v1
Gen. Obregon in Juarez Stephen's Green by bombs. dicated on her own soil, namely. the

More cavairy has been sent to Ger The cebellion has spread to the west rights of simal! nations and the sacred
Vershing and more infantry wi) go in ‘ ei hcctae . ‘ \ | principles of nationality, liberty and
to-day : and south of treland. This fact, al- | gemocracy

: ready officiolly announced last night, |
— Vas reiterated to-night by the official Others Suffered an ireland.

or 77 , TET AT LID Ce { ‘ teats sin

FEAR FOR FOREIGNERS press bureau in a statement which) \gorbover, the nations for which

dis- | through all her history she had felt sym-
pathy that cage from common. prin-
{ciples and ,common aspirations wer;
trampled as she in her time had been

’ ’ ’ ort . » specifies the districts in) which
NOW IN MEXICO CIPY| (ireances have brokan-cut
Alarming Reports of Hit Feeling |
Reach Embassies,

Wasutnctox, April 28

Ceatres of Distersance.

“The principal centres of disturb-

says a statement issued to-night | wer
nat

ance,”
Reports re-

 
 
  

her old fri

ind lies due west of; and ally, which is in the he
west coast, Galway, on, many? What has bee
being the principal eity. Germany but one of suppre

. , tonali f freedo: f
city in County Wex- tionality, of freedom, of k
° short th

by Sir John French, commander of the| What has Ireland suffered in the pas
ceived within the last twenty-four jome forces. ‘are County Galway and! hie ich Vo ane Alsace, Be! at oH !
. 7 t v 3 res ’ .
hours at European) embassies have ienniscorthy.” mit have n suffered at ! and
ane : ‘ : : 4 Germany, and ! may add also that por-
4roused grave apprehension in regard County Ciaiway is one of the lorgest | gion of the soil of Franc:

  

o the Mexican situation The reports
Were to toe effect that the Carranza
Government wus on the verge of col-
lapse and that conditions in and around
Mexico

 

Irish counties
! on the

s of (be

    
 

on of
nguaKn:
suppression of all the things for

 

 

   

city were more threatening | ford, due south of Dublin, twelve miles which for centuries Treland h: true

than they had been at any time since from the city of Wexford, which is| gied, a sroaaie ‘ ji he aK raat hee
the overthrow of Porfirio Diaz pituated on the southeastern coast achieved Victory? on

Fearing that harm might come to Disturbances are also reported fiom Take the case of Belgium Has there

Killarney, Clonmel and Gorey,”
Micial ac

their nationals in Mexico if the source
of the information became known, the te

in the

eontinues
Killarney ts a
part of

not been there the same ruthless shed
ty ding of blood of priests and people that

    

  
     
  

 

   

 

   

  

  

long night of slavery, incalculable |

trampled under the iron hee! of arrogant !

 

Disturbances Reported in JOHN REDMOND HORRIFIED E
| BY “INSANE” IRISH UPRISING |

‘
'
'
'

i ;
\few years into irreparabie defeat and!
| send her back on the very eve of her)

   
 

  
  

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Fair and warmer to-day; to-morrow
probably fair; light winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 51; lowest, 42.
Dotatled weather, mail and marine reports on page 15

 

——

PRICE TWO CENTS,

 

GREAT FIRE RAGING IN DUBLIN;
FIRST DIRECT NEWS FROM CITY;
GUNBOAT SHELLS REBELS’ BASE

|Evewitnesses Tell Thrill-
ing Stories of Fights
in Dublin.

| SNIPERS FIRE UPON
BRITISH SOLDIERS

Barricades Erected in the
Streets and Barbed Wire
Lines Drawn.

‘STORES AND SHOPS
LOOTED BY REBELS
Two Priests Shot—Young
Girl Braves Fire to Aid
Wounded,

 

 

 

 

  

    

    

 

i
| | The following cablegram gives the fire
| news of the Irish uprising direct from
| Dublin. Travellers arriving at Holyhead
John Redmond from Ireland describe the fighting {a
Dublin as more serioun than the official
the help, never have they der ne | Britinh reports indicate.
right of Ireland to choose her pe aif
herself That doctrine has Leen con | Special Cable Despatc! to Tat Sux
tested only by the very same men who | , . ie
ML b ONDON, April 29 corres
to-day have “| to make Ireland a | ees La oe
catspaw of Germany of the Daily Mail telegraphing from
In all our long and successful struggle | Holyhead Friday n.orning quotes a
to obtain home rule we have been! Londoner, Al Cole, wu just arrived at
thwarted and opposed bs that same Holvhead from Dubti: as .
section. We won home rule, not through olyhead from Dublin. as saying:
them, hut in spite of them ‘This wicked “On Wednesday a gunboat came up
move of theirs was their last blow at] the river and demolished Liberty Hall.
home rule It was not half as much] ,, . ‘
! > Ss) * et ‘
th cause of the Allies as | Three hundred Sinn Meiners are said to
' te the eause of home rule , have been inside, but that may he one
| attempted deadl blow at home] of the wild reports that are prevalent.
doon through this section is ter eat -heering 1 i
\: ve whe more insolent, by} se er I heard SASK and Reet: Ball's
i: that Germany plotted it, Ger- Bridge | met a number of soldiers and
Many Organized it, Germany paid for it. | marines
'So tar as Germany's share in it is cone

i
'

record of |
na-!

 

“Tl was with of them

when from an apparently peaceful house

tackiug some

Invasion of
and

cerned it
land, as brutal, as selfisi

is a Germat

fre-
|

as cyni-

 

 

)cal as Germany's invasion of Belgium, | down the road came the rattle of rifle
and If Ireland has not been reduced to} 4 : ' ‘ ‘
re, followed b vin f bulleta.
ithe same horrors as Lelgium with her]. a > the ping o ulleta
ctarving people. hes oiassacred priests, | That was the point, that was the night
her violated eonvents, if is not the fault | and that the engagement which gol-
or Germany diers were injured
‘Tir i ‘ ie ad 3 Z
Blames American Propagandists. The rebels hal bariicaded in Sack
And the tina! aggravation of the move- Ville street with barbed wire stretched
nent thie The misguided, insane, across One of my friends was not
young men who have taken part in 7 allowed to leave the hotel there, and as
novement in dreland have risked ane iat te one
; had not arrived Thu ay
some of them have lost their hwes, But.” ’ Se 3 ured; morning
what am tf cay to those men who. | presume that the Sinn Feiners atill
} s¢ t m into this insane, anti- | hold the street
t m ment while *hes remained
in the remoteness of American Saw Bia Fire in Dublin.
; I might add that this movement has Thursday morning | managed to get
heen set in motion by this same class of to Qingston in a jaunting ca AS we
men at the very moment when America Jeft'l saw a lig fire
s demanding reparation for the blood of Another Londoner. WA’) Reid, quoted
innocent American men, women and ehil- by the same correspondent, satd;
dren shed by Germany, and thus are “Lo arrived (n° Dublin Monday night
cuilty of double treason--to the generous 4nd was passing Kingsbridge in a cab

diplomats receiving the reports have County Ke )i9 part of Treland’s own history
requested that their names be not dis: (, oan mn mene Clo ne Nes in| Leave the question of principle out aud
ounty atertore it th aur 1 f rn jer . ‘ ‘ nm. >
closed lt is Known, cowever, that at ’ f as : A Baas a soneine the question only of the mere t
: sland, not far from Wexford, while interests of Ireland herself. What did

least one of the Ambassadors con- y is a small . st ituat ms : !
rned turned over to the State De _ «small town near the east) the situation demand? Neutrality? That |

et e o iv a ae ee ue : = e e- coast, slightly to the northeast of Ennis-| was impossibie Hostility to the just |

pirtmen tone ay 4 nT PanACTIDS of corthy 'enuse of the Allies Is there a sane man

the information he had received Poe following offical statement of con- > in Ireland who does not see that this
Chis report declares that all Mexico «tions was issued late to-night by Field) meant the crowning of the newly worn!

is on the verge of an uprising against , Marshal Sir John’ Mrench, commanding Wiberties of Ireland im Irish blood”?

the Carranza Government. .It states) te bome forces This was the opinion of an overwhelin-

The military operations for the sup-
pression of the rebellion in Dublin are
proceeding satisfactorily

What

ing majority of the Trish people It is
the opinion which thousands of Irish so!
'diers have sealed with their blood jn

that while the primary cause of unrest
hes in the complete demoralization of |
all forms of industry, in the scarcity of

 

tay be described as orgar | dying for the cause of liberty in Ireland

4 ha : jens ; ; ’ : } yu elane

pee nd ¢t worthlessness of the ized foices of rebels are confined to a | and the world) But anyhow i: was the
Mexican currency, resentment against) tow jocalities, the principal one being | opinian of Ireland, and surely

I need ne°
Which | argue the principle, espeoally with an
appear to be | body who professes himself to be a home

| tule:

Carranza for permitting the American |
furees to enter and remain in Mexican
territory is the particular

the Sackville street district, in
hel headquarters

general post office

the

grievance th:

upon which the enemies of Carranza | A cordon of troops around this dis- |
are pinning their hopes for a general | trict has been drawn closer and the { Ireland Alone Mast Decide.
outbreak against his rule. rebels in this locality are nuw con- That the policy of Ireland must ve

fined behind their line of barricades

ec 1
' Other parts of Ireland appear to bi decided by

Ireland herself.
principle which

that js the

Villa National Hero,

: pon or has been accepted by
ee normal) The general trend of reports the Irish race everywhere. The Srtians
Villa, the report shows, is fast as- | received indicates that the disturb- of our people in the United State and

nm ‘ Ps PS ane

suming in the eyes of the Mexican! ances are of a local character elsewhere whose generous devotion has

Sniping from houses by small par-
ties of rebels established in various
parts of the city continues. The dis-

. trict where it is most prevalent is
he “e » +} . ‘or 9 * -_-~ - - -
in the very household of Carranza are jorthwest of the Fqur Courts, whieh | = >—— = -

plotting for his overthrow, It is said) are still in possession of the rebels

that Carranza is in imminent danger of) The clearance of snipers is a matte:

assassination } time Considerable damage was
In the meantime, the reports go on, caused by fires on Thursday, A large '

' \ me ve : | Placed forthwith, as this crisis h risen
to state, the food shortage in various. /)° !s still burning in Sackville street. | pacause of his own sara paaae ae
parts of Mexico, not excepting the To-day 8 casualties in Dubiin, as off-; The Daily News, on the other hand,
capital, is growing daily more serious , Citlly reported to-night, Were two officers | defends the Chief Secretary, while the
| killed and five wounded. This brings the | Daily Express demands that both Baron

and pestilence is beginning to take its | ;
toll from the ranks of the starving ; total number of officially reported casual- | Wimborne, Lord Lieutenant of [re

populace the Ngure of a national hero, !
Availing themselves of this fact, in-
triguers at the national capital and

helped us so largely to win our victories
for the motherland of the race have a!
Ways accepted it However bounteous

; roughest handling from the Tory papers
jand even the moderate Datly Telegraph
| earnestly urges that he “must be re

 

Rare se ; ities up to twenty-one killed and thirty- and Secretary Birrell be smoved = im-
‘ ATTAD SS Currency has dropped to the | two wounded, if Lord Lansdowne’'s fig- | mediately This ee Bp oak dae
unprecedented level of a ratio of 100) ures announced in the House of Lords| Lord Kitchener be made Viceroy of
pesos to $1 in American gold. | last night are taken as a basis. | Ireland ;
Hostility against Americans is re-; The Evening News yesterday put the; Various reports have been received of
'

ported to be growing, and of particular |
concern to the diplomatic corps in
Mexico elty, the report states, is the
fact that forelgners of other nationality
are not spared the ill feeling

Despite this information

total casualties up to last night at forty-|a stiff? fight for the possession of the
two killed and forty-six wounded. To-| O'Connell bridge on Monday. The Lan
day's figures added to these would bring | cers holding the bridge were temporarily
the totals to forty-four killed and fifty- | OUtnuMbered and two officers and many
one wounded ;men were killed,

{ Guinness's brewery

‘mevere fighting. bight

tha oft was the scene of
le State To Ask Wimborne'’s Removal, rebels held it a

llund that @eceived them as well as to the | when people came i

   

unning and shouting

 

  

 
          

land which gave them birt) to us to turn back as it was dangerous
Is it not a national horrer that on the to proceed, Then we tried to get through
very day When we hear that Dublin Fusi- | 00 foot, b volley of shots made us
ers have been Killed by Irishmen in the alt. We spent the night a billiard
istreets of Dubiin we receive the news Saloon Tuesday morning we reached
how thg men of the Sixteenth division of Upper Mount street without mishap.
our own Trish jigade and of the same though we heard tiring during the day
Dublin Mu = had dashed forward and “We » T went to Davis's provie
by their 4 verable bravery had re-| Siem sto at the corner of a bridge,

\
\

|
|

    
 

taken the trer es that the German had | but found the military in charge, having

 

 

won at Hullueh? driven the rebels out The military
Was there ever such a pleture of the Dewan to arrive in the evening. They
tragedy which «a small section of an, proceeded to creep to the houses ov
Irish faction had so often intlicted on, cupled by the rebels taking What cover
the fairest hopes and the bravest deeds | they could
of Treland? “The snipers were teady, however 1
As to the final result, I do not believe saw soldiers badly wounded It took us
that this wieked aud tnsane movement all aback a few minutes, when we were
Will achieve its ends The German plot !nspired to action by the bravest deed L
has failed majority of the people) ever saw. An Irish girl, not more than

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
     

of Ireland retain thelr calmness, their 16 years old, dashed out of a house and
fortitude and their unity They abhor! ran itke a deer in face of the hail of
this attach on their interests, on rights, the snipers’ bullets, grasped a wounded
; hopes and pronciples. Home rule has not! soldier under his arme and agged hin
been destroyed I) remains indestruc- | where others were ready to carry him te
tible . the hospital
——— Girl [napires Merotam.,
have been sacked Respectable eitizens "Then she ran back for another stricken
were compel Bd, order to save their) man, Her example ial Nurses
skin rticipate Never ,
7 : ne bolpats thievery. and doctors from a4 hospita: near by
sople « the lo st ty fo .
aeeaas ei / Qh Nand clergy and civilians joined in the
ae teas are Wwe ) resene, but that voung girl led us all

coats and silk blouses a}

 

 

   

 

 

: : : , “So far as 1 know, when 1 left the
fering to sell costly gloves at four cents | repels were still holding Sackville street

4 ri a8 ; See os the Westland Row Station, the post

Bitten rad ae 3s OF PUREE fo the office and a number of bug houses, No-

= . i BUEN os bette’'s confectionery store at the cor-

ner of Grafton street was ransacked,

TO SIFT NEWSPAPER CHARGE, '}¢ many other establishments, by the

riffraff, who took advantage of the relan

Report Administration Bared Irish OF ee mint NAN reports of what

. ere omany ort yha

Viot to Be
WasINGToNn, April 28

 

hen Up,
Official
Started by

Was happening in the remoter parte of
Ireland, but these were conflicting. Peo
ple were chary of expressing opinions
for, as they say The man next to you
may be a Sinn einer’

inves-
the
tite statements ap-

 
 

tigation prebab will he

Department of Justice

  
 

   
     

       
   

    
  

 

 

Department epntinues to issue buileting |. Henry Craik, member of Parlia-| While, but were ousted by employees Pearing Goolleeamerioan, printed) ki errata SORS UN RSNa sx maanas
jment for Glasgow and Aberdeen univer- and soldiers, in New acouslig ottiotals of Presi aA th atlas Diba elineut s
from American consular representa | cities, gave notice to-day that he will Among the leaders in the fighting In| dent Wilkon's Adin has ~_ 1 i ae ari x: o oe ee
tives in various sections of Mexico pic- | move in the House of Commons a peti- | St. Stephen's Green was a woman wear. | warned ile Fritisy jand the heavy, fee was reserved for
turing conditions as improved. }tion to the King for the removal of | Ing 8 Man's GENER AND URiNg & Te. | Yasin OF ths ;
With the approach of the Scott-Obre- | Baron Wimborne, Lord Lieutenant of YOY"! ait saa a land eR Attach on Caatle Fails,
gon conferences to begin at Juarez to-) Jreland, and Chief Secretary for Ireland a Bon the Dublin Uprising ; nay 4 :
morrow morning offictals here are mani-| Rirrell. The motion also is to call for Heservisia Klred Upon, While ‘ ) ; oftictal clrolon that 1 Meanwhile the castle was attached
festing a lively interest in the reports | the appointment of a commission to in- ' f v Me" dt PRAT. IAN NOs De the | Tnfortunatuly it proved too tough
from FE) Paso, albeit they still persist Poa Be into the conduct of these two of- \ company o reservists Was returning Casement plot until after Was CON strong bod, of rebels had fortified the
in discounting as  unjustifiably SENBA | totals 2 eee Oe monday from a parade ered. ue purpase the ftuvestigation South : of Pe ig Workhouse, whieh
‘i hie ee ‘ arch, witho ‘sor ainmunition and | will be to determine whether any persons seemed to be a branch of their genera
oem ane, mh eee eee wales Attacks on ne Foveranent and na e unaware of what had happened. Rebels | in thiy country we re involved in the con- headquarters Here, from the upper
from the conferences, ie os he een vaflitare iy 2 * hie holding a corner house fired a volley ;spircey. Should this develop from the windows and rooftops, poured a persist.
Officials refused to comment on prem [wen ! 4 pe a ae Sennere IP and tive dropped. Several others were | t{equily prosecutions may be begun under ent fire upon the soldiers
reports this afternvon from Ki Paso continues to veil the exact atate of af wounded the neutrality laws The main operations were directed
auasing Gen, Obregon as flatly ‘stating | oem In m oe ah a The Melsure of corner houses was s Officials here still refuse to state pnb-| from Liberty Hall, from whose cellars
that his principal purpose in agreeing Wing tt Te : * on Cute feature of the fighting, The rebels for-) Hely that) information concerning the large quantities of ammunition were
to meet Gen, Scott was to demand a} ung most of ne telegral n Somimnunicas cibly seized such houses, bundled the oc- | Casement expedition was disclosed in the handed out and distributed The
withdrawal of the American expedie| a between Ireland and England only cupants into the Streets, and barricaded papers seized from the New York offices) enemy swarmed around and across the
tionary force. | fragmentary news was received here to- | the windows with furniture, Many troops | of Von Igel, the indicted German Em-. O'Connel bridge into Sackville street,
Tn deciding to send Gen. Scott to tt ; day with regard to the developments. were shot from these houses bassy attache, bat it is privately ad- looting dozens of general shops and lea:
‘and t for th e Chief Secretary Birrell left for Irelund| There has been looting on a great | mitted that it developed in connection) ing omy one store intact. Jacob's bie
borde; an © arrange for the confer-| this afternoon and took with him «) scale. Some thousands of pounds worth; With the investigation into Von TIgel’s! cuit factory was eommandesred and
ence between him and Gen. Obregon the party of newspaper men, including some | of jewelry has been taken, but any kind!tactivities. State Department officers de- | looted Troops met the plundering
Administration has hoped that the In-/| American correspondents. Reports from of store has been looted, even book|clare that the news of the plot became rebels in Sackville street, but not be-

these are looked for to-morrow. | stores, What is useful

interchange of views which might bring
about closer cooperation between the two
Governments in a military way and thus
persuade Carranza not to press his for-
mal request for a withdrawal,

The diplomatic questions involved were
to be left to the respective State depart-
ments to dispose of, If it im true that
Gen, Obregon means merely to press for

Continued on Fourth Page,

that the revolt is doomed to ignominous
failure, Some of this morning's papers
regard the eituation as atill serious,
Others treat it as a “tragic farce,” whose
results they think will be purely political. The Belfast correspondent of
The idea that Germany will derive any | Daily Matl sends a long description of
benefit from the affair {s scouted. The, the rioting, the gist of which follows:
attitude of the Nationalists receives
further press recognition.

{s trampled 4n the streets,
ricades have been made of the loot,
such as furniture bicycles, cracker boxes,
flour sacks and sugar sacks.

   

   

   

      

     

 

the

f A | to the looters | known to them between the time that the
The main tendency of apinion here is | is appropriated and the rest of the stock | expedition was frustrated and the an-

  

 

 

t

fore the destruction had been wrought
“Meanwhile all the tramway cars had

Many bar-!|nouncement concerning it in the British | been seized by the enemy and converted

Parliament

into barricades, a number being turned
on thelr aides Motor cars, lorries, vans,
sidecars and brewers’ drays were sim.-
larly utilized

‘st. Stephen's Green was occupied and
of! barbed wire was strung across the road

England Huns 3,493 Arma Planta.

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sc~
Lonpon, April 28.—-The Ministry

        

|

ane Wrote thing ie an orgy of drink | Munitions has under its jurisdiction 156) Several well Known clubs were looted
and toot by the dregs of the populace. | additional controlled establishments, The| and converted into observation stations
Chief Secretary Birrell ig receiving the| Half of the sbopa in Sackville etreet | total under the Ministry now te 8,4 )

and snipers’ poste, rifemen effectiveby