VOL. LXXVI,—NO. 219.

YERKES ESTATE RECBIYER

LONDON UNDERGROUND ELEC.
TRIC WANTS ITS 800,000.

 
 

 

dreaditors' Action Brought te Secure an
Administration of the Eatate in This
«ity So That Its Debts May Be Palu
—Four Years Since Yerkes Died.

    

+>

  
 

ST. LOUIS ALL REPUBLICAN.

Ticket Sweeps the City—Frank Hussey
Among the Lost,

St. Louis, Mo., April 6.—In the munici-
pal election here to-day Frederick H
Kreisman, Republican, defeated William
F. Woerner, Democrat,
about 10,000.

The entire Republican ticket has been
elected by safe majorities. Edward |
Koeln, Republican candidate for Col-

 

|

for Mayor by|

NEW YORK,

‘FIFTEEN MOREAUTO ARRESTS | "**% "9180 we.remcr sox. (ROKR

 

 

WEDNESDAY,

 

a ee °

AND SIXTY-FOUR OLD CASES
IN COURT YESTERDAY,

 

Planned to Have Police Report Aggravat-
ings Cireumstances—The New Highway
Association. Assists In Prosecutions
~ Walter Webb Among the Prisoners.

 

 

   

APRIL 7;

The Artist Gets a Letter Which He Turns
| Over to the Police.

Edward L. Ferguson, chairman of the
house committee of the Salmagundi Club,
who has an engraving studio at 75 Wash-

| ington place, reported to Deputy Police
Commissioner Woods yesterday the re-
ceipt of @Black Hand letter through the
mail, Mr. Ferguson was telling his
| friends about it last night, but in whispers,

lector, who waa the object of a bitter at-
tack, will be about 2,000 behind the ticket. |

| mind you, for Mr. Ferguson's excellent

Fifteen arrests and sixty-four cases
| servants must net hear the news—“be-

 

wi

ne

 

 

 

|

 

|
|

A temporary receiver for the estate |
Charles T. Yerkes in this city has been
appointed in the suit of the Underground
Llectrie Railways of London, Ltd., which
through its attorneys, Cravath, Hender-
aon & De Gersdorff, has begun a general
creditors’ action for the administration
and distribution of the estate. Judge
Henry G. Ward of the United States Cir-
cuit Court, before whom the application
was made on Monday, appointed the re-
ceiver, selecting Harrington Putnam of
the law firm of Wing, Putnam & Burling-
ham. An order to show cause why the
receivership should not be made perma-
nent is returnable on Friday.
The suit, which the London tube makes
on behalf of itself and the other creditors
of the estate, looks toward the applica-
tion of the New York property of Mr.
Yerkes to the payment of the claims
which were proved in 1907 in Chicago,
amounting to between $3,500,000 and $4,-
000,000. No letters have ever been taken
out in this State for the administration
of the estate here, although Mr. Yerkes
has been dead four years, and thecreditors
say that nothing has so far been done
about the distribution .of the estate.
Last January Louis 8S. Owsley of Chicago,
executor of the estate, made application
to Surrogate Cohalan for ancillary letters
in this State. But three days before that
Mra. Yerkes had filed a petition in the
Probate Court in Chicago asking for
Owsley's removal, charging mismanage-
ment of the estate and waste of the
assets. Judge Charles S. Cutting dis-
missed this petition on March 21, and on
the 25th Mrs. Yerkes asked that a receiver
te appointed for her husband's estate and
also secured an injunction preventing
Executor Owsley from obtaining letters
testamentary here. Mr. Owaley, it was
expected, would attempt to get the letters
on the following day, and Mrs. Yerkes’s
Chicago lawyers came on that night with
the injunction and stopped him. The

tow's second action against the execu-
tor is stil} pending in the Chicago courts. |

The claim the Underground Electric ;
Railways of London., Ltd., proved against
‘he estate is for some $00,000 on two}
cits on Mr. Yerkea's subseription for

London company’s stock. Before
tis death Mr. Yerkes had paid in 50 per
cent. of this subecription and the $800,000
dd represents the remaining 50 per cent.
with interest. Mr. Yerkes organized the
London company after he had sold out
his traction interests in Chicago to New
York capitalists. The London company
ssned $35,009,000 in profit sharing notes
which matured on June 1, 190%. Whan
that date approached it was seen that the
company would be unable to meet the
obligation and it was forced into the
hands of receivers. Mr. Yerkes died in
1905 and his will was proved in the Pro-
bate Court of Cook county, IIl., in tha
spring of 1903. The claims against the
estate were filed in May, 1°07, and the
plaintiffs in the present action allege that
little’ progress has been made toward
attempting to satisfy them.

The present action does not carry any
implication that the estate is insolvent,
but merely that the creditors so far have
been unable to get a distribution of what
issets there are. Speyer & Co. of New
Yors« and Speyer Bros., Ltd., of London
were heavily interested in the Under-
ground Electric Railwaya of London,
ltd., and assumed control of thé corpo-
ration when it went into a receivership.
Sir Edgar Speyer of the London branch
of the house is at present the chairman
of the board.

The estate in this city comprises the
house on Fifth avenue and the art col-
‘ection and other personal property in
the shape of securities estimated at some
$2,700,000. There are liabilities here
placed at about $1,800,000. The securities
which were here at the time of Mr. |
Yerkes's death are supposed to be still |
ina safe deposit vault here.

{t could not be learned last night;
whether or not the London creditors!
would take any action to have a receiver
«ppointed for the estate that is in Chi-
cago. No action has so far been taken
iy it in Illinois. Mrs. Yerkes is not in
this city at present, but is expected here.

MOORE WANTS 28,000.
“eehs to Enforce in New York Pennsy!-
vania Allmony Award.

Mrs. Gertrude Moore has begun an
action in the Supreme Court to enforce

the judgment for a separation
which she obtained in 1902 in the Court
‘* Common Pleas in Philadelphia against
henry G. Moore. She is particularly

‘<i0us to enforce the alimony section

ier judgment. The Pennsyivania de- |
cree gave her $4,000 a year for the support |

' herself and her child. She has not
‘e_eived a cent, she says, as Moore left
‘ennsylvania and came to New York |

on as she got her decree, thus evading |

jurisdiction.

Benno Loewy, as counse! for Mra.
‘ioore, asked Justice Dowling yesterday |
'.: leave to examine the Fidelity and}
!rust Company of Philadelphia by com-
mission concerning Moore’s income. After
one argument Justice Dowling granted |
motion,
‘loore, whose father, Andrew Moore,
‘tin 1898, leaving a large estate, about ;
40,000, all made in the whiskey buai- ;
has not supported Mrs. Moore, she |
“1-8 for seven years, and there is $28,000 |

MRS,

 

the

t

$;

‘ing to her |
‘Toore's present income from his father’s |
‘te is said to be about $30,000 a year,
‘he is said to be living at the Trouville |
rrtmments

.

nnn

(HINA PRESSES JAPAN HARD. |

 

Withdrawal of Troops and
Vollce From Antung Rallway.
tl Cable Despatch to Tas Soy.
April 6.—China has again de-
‘ed the withdrawal of the Japanese
and police from the Antung and
aden Railway.
ie Japanese € 1 at Mukden has
ed to comp!y with the demand.

Demands

OKTO

Thomas E. Mulvihill, Democratic can- | heard in the lower criminal courts was the
didate for the School Board, is about 600 | automobile record for yesterday, In
votes behind theticket. The City Council! many of these cases agents of the newly
will be solidly Republican, and the ma-| formed National Highways Protective
jority of the members of the House of | aggociation, of which former Magistrate

Delegates will be Republican. 5 Saree .
Frank Hussey, who has represented | Charles S. Whitman is counsel, appeared

the Twenty-second ward in the House | 48 the complainant, while representatives
of Delegates and who has been arrested | of the Automobile Club of America were
forty-five times during his stormy career | also on hand to aid in pushing the fight
in St. Louis, was defeated by a Repub-! which is under way against the auto
lican, Dr. R. A. Walker. This is hailed speedera
as a signal victory for good government. Tt ; t hi :
CHICAGO COUNCIL STILL RECUBLICAN. 1e owner of the car which ran down
and injured eleven-year-old George

Carcago, April 6.—Republican suprem-
P P P Noonan of 427 East 147th street on Mon-

acy in the City Council was assured as :

tie result of to-day’s election. Thirty- | day at Seneca avenue and Hunter's Point
@x Aldermen were elected in the various | was found yesterday. He is Dr. Frederick
wards, of whom eighteen are Democrats} W. Loughran of 742 Prospect avenue, The
and eighteen ar e Republicans Bronx

With the election to-day the R epull'+ on .

cans will have thirty-nine Aldermen, a|__ When the boy was carried to Lebanon
loss of two. The Democrats have twenty- | Hespital in the doctor's machine two
nine seats instead of twenty-six. names were given. @ The doctor gave his
own name and the other name was that

of a man named Johnson. Johnson was

WHERE CAN CASTRO LAND ?

 

U. 8. Werking to Keep Mim Far From | found by the police and quickly satis-| BELLINI
fled them that he had not been in the |
| Sacrista
j

Venezuela—Barred From Trinidad.

Wasuinaton, April 6.-The Govern-! machine, and the police then visited Dr.
ment of the United States has taken! Loughran. He admitted at once that it
steps to insure that Venezuela will not | was his car which had run down the boy
be molested by belligerent activities on | and said that it was an unavoidable acci-
the part of Cipriano Castro, its foriner | dent. He said Noonan dropped off the
President, who is nearing Trinidad after | rear end of a truck directly in front of
his stay in Europe. Views concerning , the machine and that it was impossible
the menace of Castro to the new régime | to come to a stop quick enough to avoid
in Venezuela have been exchanged be-! striking the boy. The doctor denied try-
tween the United States and Great Britain, | ing to hide, but gave no explanation why
France, Holland, Colombia and Panama.|he had not come forward as the owner

| deaths occurred in

lon the streets.

|\TO PROHIBIT SLOT MACHINES.

Castro will not be permitted to land in |
Trinidad. The State Department has
rece-ved information to this effect both
from Port of Spain and from London.
The Governor of Trinidad has been in-
structed by his Government not to per-
mit the deposed President to disembark
from the Guadeloupe, which will touch
at Trinidad in a day or two.

It is the object of the Government here
to make it impos¢ible for Castro to secure
a base of operations for an effort to re- |
gain control of Venezuela through aj
revolutionary movement, This policy
was decided on some days ago. The
State Department believes that Ven-
ezuela has had enough of Castro and this |
view was supported by the Venetuelan |
Government. According'y this Govern- |
ment communicated with the other Gov-
ernments controlling territory on which |
Castro might begin to operate against
President Gomez of Venemiela. Great
Britain, as far as can be learned, is the
only country that has made definite re-
spcnee.

Castro seems to be in a fine predica-
ment. He is still a citizen of Venezuela |
and objection to his landing there has been |
withdrawn by the Gomez Government.
but should he land he would probabl; |
immediately be arresied on indictments |
already filed against him. He is barred |
from Trinidad and he is likely to be an |
unweloome stranger in Curacoa, Colom- |
bia, Panama, Martinique, CGnadeloupe |
gr any othersplace within striking dis-
tance of Puerto Cabello or La Guayra.

The Guadeloupe, on which Castro took
passage from Bordeaux, stops first at,
Port of Spain (British) and then at
Cumanao and La Guayra, both Venez-
uelan ports. It is” possible that the}
Venezuelan auihorities will make an}
effort to arrest Castro upon his arrival |
in waters under their jurisdiction. }

Parts, April 6.—The Journal prints!
a despatch from Fort de France, Mar- |
tinique, stating that owing to Great!
Britain's decision not to allow ex-Presi- |
dent ‘Castro of Venezuela to land on
British territory on his return from Europe
he will disembark at Fort de France.

MUST ANSWER FOR LYNCHING. |

Ababama Sheriff Up on Impeachment Pro-
ceetings on Gevernor's Order.

MOonrcomery, Ala., April 6.—Frank
Gazalas must face the charge that as
Sheriff of Mobile county he allowed a
mob of only a few men take Dick Rob-
ertson from jail on the night of Janu-
ary 21 and wane him for the murder of
Philip Fatch, a deputy sheriff.

It is charged in impeachment proceed-
ings before the Supreme Court, filed by
Attorney-General rber, on instructions
of Gov. Comer, that he’ failed utterly
of his duty, going home when he should
have protected the jail and leaving an
inadequate force, though he had reason
to believe that there would be an attempt
to take the negro out.

After the failure of the Grand Jury to
censure the officer a petition was sent to
the Governor si by many ene
citizens urging that action be taken.
counter petition was also filed in Caza-
las’s behalf by a large number of citi-
zens.

FATAL STORM IN ILLINOIS.

'
Twe Killed and Many injured ai :
of Pittsburg.

Marion, Ill, April @—Two persons
were killed, many were hurt and much
roperty was damaged by a tornado
whioh struck this city, early to-day. The}

ittsburg, a village
six miles northeast of here, the victims
being crusned in their homes.

The storm came from the southwest
and wae preceded and followed by heavy
rain. It waa 5:30 when the twister swept
down on Marion, dnd few persons were |
In the business section j
several buildings were damaged and
many small homes occupied by miners |
were unroofed.

As the storm passed across the count
it ripped open barns and other farm build- |
ings, and then apparently turned its force |
on Pittsburg. Store fronts were ,
wrecked, trees uprooted and dwellings
crushed. The loss is estimated at $150,000.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

!

 

 

San Francisco Supervisors Pass a mu

Abolishing Gambling Devices. |

San Francisco, April 6.—The passing |
by the t
siot machines in San Francisco after July 1 |
will put out of business about haif the |
cigar stores in the city and will close [|
many places which have been opened |
recently merely for pero

It is estimated that 3,200 machines
are in operation in 1,600 places and that!
not less than $12,000,000 a year is poured
into these machines, the great bulk of
which goes to the owners of the machines
in the East.

and driver of the car. He was held by

Magistrate Butts for examination to-
morrow.
Magistrate Butts, who heard many

of yesterday's cases, took occasion to
repeat several times and at scme length
that he intended to be severe in auto-
mobile cases from now on and that be
was going to aid in every way to put
a stop to the great number of accidents
to pedestrians which have occurred
recently. He gave several automobilists
his opinion at some length along these
lines and held them in heavy bail for
trial.

William Hobby, a former Police Com-
missioner of Mount Vernon, was one of
those before Magistrate Butts. In ad-
dition to being held for trial Mr. Hobby
was also fined $5 for disorderly conduct.

He was arrested last Saturday at
184th street and Southern Boulevard by
Policeman Silverbauer. The policeman
testified that Mr. Hobby was driving his
car at a speed of twenty-five miles an
hour and that after he was arrested he |
tried several times to escape and used |
abusive language.

Walter Webb, a grandson of William !

LH. Vanderbilt, was held in $100 bail for |

trial yesterday for speeding along the}
Amboy road at the rate of twenty-five |
miles an hour. Among those who were |
arrested in Brooklyn yesterday were J. |
Bruce Hay of $89 Broad street, Newark, |
N. J., and Morris Michaels of 601 West

in bail for trial.
Leon Beiller, chauffeur for Philip M.
Lydig, the banker of 38 East Fifty-second
street, who was arrested Monday night
for speeding on lower Fifth avenue, was
also held for trial. i
In the Court of Special Sessions twenty- j
seven automobile cases were heard yester- |
day, Ip most of the cases which had a hear- |
inga fimeof $25 was imposed, the cases for |
the most part being eld arrests made |
last summer. Gen. George S. Field of
Buffalo was fined because his auto had
emitted too much smoke in Central Park. |
The General was at first doubtful that }
his auto smoked, but when satisfied of |
the fact paid his fine with a good grace.
The Justices of the Court of Special
Sessions sent a letter to Police Commis-
sioner Bingham yesterday asking that
the policemen making the automobile
arrests be required to make note of any
aggravating circumstances. It is seldom
that the officer is summoned at the trial
of a case of speed violation. To do so
would draw a great many of the traffic
men from their posts into court. for most
of the day. In the absence of evidence
to the contrary the offence is assumed
to be merely speeding and the fine is
assessed accordingly.

 

MRS. W. W. NICHOLS DIVORCED.

 

St. Lonts Court Gives Her Freedom on
Ground of Desertion.

Str. Louis, April 6.—That he became
angry because of the small present she
gave him on his forty-seventh birthday
and left hia home at 224 West 127th street,
New York, and has since deserted her,
was the allegation of Mrs. Mary E. Nichols
4476 Morgan street, this city, upon which
she to-day got an absolute divorce from
William Wallace Nichols, third vice-
president and secretary of the Allis-
Chalmers Gompany, with headquarters in
New York.

Mrs. Nichols testified that her husband
was of violent temper and took offence
at the most trivial occurrences. She says
he left the house without saying a word
to her and that efforts of relatives to
obtain a reunion have been fruitless.

Mrs. Mary Hill of St. Louis, mother of

ler

cause they'll take it on the run,” to use
his own language. He even thinks that
this might be the act of some covetous
person wha knows the quality of these
servants

Mr. Ferguson was ‘ooking over the
club mail yesterday when he halted at a
coarse envelope addressed in a crude
hand which gave him pause. Here's the
letter:

Dear Sir: On next Thursday night you
must place at the head of the basement
stairs at the stoop of yvour house the sum
of $5,000. And there is no use talking to
the nigger man about it. If vou fait or
tell the police it will be the worse for you.

Biack HaAaNpb

A rude skeich of a skull and crossbones
decorated the letter.

Mr. Ferguson took the letter to Deputy
Commissioner Woods.

“If I am found with firearms on my
person may I hope to be Jet down easy?”
he asked Mr. Woods,
| “I'm afraid you'll be fined the limit,”
said the deputy.

 

MADONNA STOLEN.
noof Venetian Chureh Discovers
Startling Piciure Theft.
Special Cable Despofch to TRE Sux

LONDON, April 6.—A deéspatch from
Venice dated April 3, telegraphic trans-
mission of which was refused by the
censor, states that Giovanni Bellini’s
painting of the Madonna has been stolen
from the Church of the Madonna dell Orto.

The sacristan on drawing the curtain
on April 3 to show the painting to some
tourists was horrified to see that it was
gone and the frame broken.

DOGS RACE 412 MILES.

Last Year's Time for Great Fvent at
Nome Shortened by 24 Hours.

SkaTTuLF, April 6.—A especial cable
message from Nome tells of the Nome-
Cripple Creek dog race promoted by the
Nome Kennel Club. It says that “hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars” were
wagered on the event, which was won by
Berger's teams Nos. 1 and 2, driven by
Scotty Allen and Percy Blatchford re-
spectively. They finished first and sec-
ond. Berger wins the purse of $11,000

trophy hung up for the all Alaska sweep-
stakes. 4

The distance was 412 miles, and the
winner's time was 82 hours and 2 minutes.
The second team was seventeen minutes
behind the first. Fink’s Siberian dogs,
upon whose success $100,000 was wagered,
became snowblind and finished third.

There were fourteen teams in the race,
which began last Thursday. The course
was lined with enthusiastic citizens, most
of whom closed their places of business
during the progress of the contest.

The start was made in a blizzard and
the temperature ranged from 15 to 20

|

 

ee

|
|

 

 
 

WANT HIM TO RECONCILE MUR-
PAY, MCLELLAN AND M'CARREN

 

R AS A PEACEMAKER | ?*" ‘xr

{

 

 

Three to Be Begun This Year —-Germany
Sees New Threat to England.
Speclal Cable Despatch to THEY SUN.

Lonvon, April 7.--The Berlin corre-
spondent of the S/andard says that Aus-

Members of the Democraulc Club Propose ‘tria has decided to lay down almost
to Tell Him That That Won't Be Med. |

dling in Polltics--Club Sees No Reason |

Why tt Should Invite Bryan Forever.

immediately three Dreadnoughts. The
naval estimates for the last financial
year were $12,600,000, but they will amount

Before Richard Croker sails for Ireland] to upward of $22,000,000 this year.

at the end of the month members of the
Democratic Club will give him a dinner,
and if the plans which are being hatched
by some of the heads of the club go
through the dinner will be something
more than a good-by gathering. When
he gets here on Friday it is intended by
these men to tell him plainly that the
chances for the success of the Demo-
cratic ticket in the coming Mayoralty
election are being jeoparded by the
dissensions in the party and that there is
no doubt that the Democrats will have to
fight a fusion ticket, and he will be ap-

pealed to to use his influence to bring about noughts this year.

harmony between McClellan, Murphy and
McCarren.

The suggestion, it is understood, will
be that Mr. Croker shall ask McClellan,
Murphy and McCarren to attend the
dinner as a personal favor to himself.
The evolvers of this idea are not wholly
confident that he will adopt it, but they
explained yesterday that it is their in-
tention to impress on Mr. Croker that
any effort he might make to bring about

(a “harmony” dinner would not be breaking

his resolution to have nothing further to
do with politics, fut would be merely
rendering a service to his party that
might with propriety be asked of any
individual.

The Mayor and Mr. Murphy have been
invited to attend the Jefferson Day dinner
of the club on April 13. Mr. Murphy has
accepted, but it was said yesterday at
the club that no reply had been received
from Mr. McClellan. The little fuss
which Champ Clark, the Democrati¢
leader in the House of Representatives,
has made by refusing to be one of the

speakers at the dinner because William J.| Has a Cold and Didn't Care to Risk Get-/ tie streets for votes. T

Bryan was not invited is not troubling
the committee in charge of the dinner.
They have already selected the man who
will speak on the topic assigned to Mr.
Clark.

It was not by an oversight that Mr.
Bryan was not asked to attend the dinner.
He is no longer regarded by the Demo-
crats belonging to the club as the leader

infgoldgand will hold for a year the Suter} of their party and they saw no reason

why they should invite him. They have
not even asked him to write the letter
which he has sent in other years when he
has been unable to be present. President
John Fox of the club said yesterday that
so far as he had been able to find out
the action—or inaction—of the committee
had the sanction of all the members.

“It doesn't follow,” Mr. Fox added, “that
because we invite a man to a club dinner
one year we have to invite him the next
year.”

If Champ Clark's reason for not coming
was the slight to Bryan he didn’t say so
in his letter of regret which reached Presi-

degrees below zero. The winners broke | gent Fox yesterday. He thanked the

hours.

| 144th street, Manhattan They were held \GERMAN AERIAL WAR FLEET.

Elaborate Plans, including Explosives to
Be Dropped-—New Ship on Trial.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Lonpon, April 6.—Germany's plans
for an aerial fleet include, according to
the Berlin correspondent of the Daily
Mail, the construction of enough Zep-
pelin, Gross and Parseval airships to
make possible the stationing of at least
one at every frontier and coast fortress
in addition to those built for service with
the field armies.

The Ministry of War is experimenting
with a view to using aerial cruisers for
offensive purposes and is testing different
types of shells to be dropped from air-
ships.

The Kasier has ordered a thorough
investigation of a remarkable new air-
ship invented by Herr Veek, an Elber-
feld engineer.

DERELICT OFF HATTERAS.

Norse Prince Tries to Tow In the Luarca,
bat Loses Her.

The Prince Line steamship Norse Princes,
in yesterday from Brazilian ports, sighted
off Hatteras on Sunday morning the
derelict Nova Scotian barkentine Luarca,
with foretopmast and” jibboom gone and
seven feet of water in her hold. Al-
though there was a gale blowing and the
sea was rough Capt. Curtis decided to
try for salvage by towing the Luarca
and her cargo of salt into this port.
Volunteers in charge of an officer went
to her in a lifeboat and made a hawser
fast. They found that she had been
abandoned hastily, probably in heavy
weather, her skipper having left his
chronometer and other instruments
aboard. The hawser parted after the
steamship had the derelict in tow only a
few hours. Capt. Curtis then gave up
the job.

The Luarca was bound from Turks
Island to Providence. Nothing has been
heard from the crew, but they are prob-
ably safe aboard some versel that has not
reached her destination.

The steamship Prine Joachim, which
ied on Tuesday to tow the dismasted
achooner A. & M. Carlisle into Norfolk,

 

| got in here last night reporting that after

Mrs. Nichols, testified that Nichola was of | two hours towing the hawsers parted,
such a selfish disposition that he could| Then she offered to take off the crew, but

not love anybody and wanted everything they would not leave the schooner.

to be done his way regardleas
feelings of others. '

The depositions of J. W Nichols, 44!
Morningside avenue, New York, and |
Georgia M. Penfield of 290 Manhattan |
avenue, New York, the defendant's!
brother and aister, set out that they were |
unable to get their brother to return to!
his wife, although she was willing to!
again live with him.

of the eleven-year-old daughter Marion, |
now in school in New York, was not de-.
cided. The daughter is now under the!
control of her father.

Mrs. Nichols in her complaint did not
ask for custody.

New stylish eyeglasses called “Wikit" with BI-
were or Toric Pebbtes, Spencer’s, 31 Maiden Lane.
Ade.

a wireless message for tugs.

 

Wisconsin Cities Stay Wet.

MILWAUKER, Wis., April 6.--Some of | the

the biggest cities in Wisconsin voted
to-day on the license question and as a
rule the wets have been victorious.
pleton, a town of 30,000, is wet by 500

| votes and Beloit, nearly as large, only ,

Supervisors of a bill prohibiting | No alimony was asked and the custody! went wet by 200. Sparta after two years |
returned to license by a’;

of prohibition
majority of 27 out of a population
10,000.

 

Green Memorial Bill Reported Favorably.

ALBANY, April 6.—Senator Grady suc-
ceeded to-night in having the Senate
Finance (Committee report favorably his
bill a riating $26,000 for a memorial
in } titan to Andrew H. Green.

8 ee EEE EE Eee

At | charge
of the their request the Prinz Joachim sent out| Staten Island, wh

|

Ap-hia engine force to

of | co

|
|

|laat year's record by about twenty-four | olub for its kind invitation and said:

“Circumstances surrounding Congress
now aresuch * * * that Icannot leave
Washington at that time even for a few
hours.”

ONE MORE SOUTH POLE SEEKER.

Cc. E. Borchwrevink, Who has Antarctic
Expertence, to Start This Summer.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Brrurn, April 6.—C. FE. Borchgrevink,
who commanded an Antarctic expedi-
tion in 1898-1900, is now in this city. He
announces that he will conduct a new
Antarctic expedition, which will start
this summer. e

The expedition is organized by the
International Polar Exploration Com-
mission in Brussels.

 

SLOAN ARIZONA GOVERNOR.
Taft Also Names a New Secretary, Hop-
ing Harmony Will Result.
WasHINGTON, April 6.—President Taft
has decided to appoint a new Governor
and a new Secretary of the Territory of
Arizona, and he believes that harmony
and good government in the Territory
will result from these appointments.
The new Governor will be Judge Richard
E. Sloan of Prescott, who is now Asso-
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of

Arizona.

Judge Sloan was not a candidate for
the office, but has indicated his willing-
ness to accept the Governorship to suc-
ceed Gov. Kibbey, whose term of office
has expired. The President has decided
to appoint George U. Young, a leading
business man, to the office of Secretary
of the Territory, to succeed John H.
Page, who has been asked to resign in
the interests of harmony. Mr. Young
was not a candidate for the secretaryship,
but was a candidate for appointment as
Governor.

SOUND STEAMER RAMS TUG.

Collision in Fog Off Hart's Island Sends
the Emerald to the Bottom.

The steamér Glenville, which plies
between the foot of Market street and
Port Chester, Conn., rammed and sank
the tug Emerald in a fog off Stepping
Stone light, a mile south of Hart's Island,
yesterday afternoon. The Glenville, in
charge of Capt. P. M. Hart, was on her
way to Port Chester. The Emerald, in
of Capt. George Forsythe of
o owns the tug, was
coming south with a tow from ity
Island.

Before either captain was aware of
resence of the other the Glenville
stuck her nose hard into the midship
section of the tng. Capt. Hart saw at
once that the tug was doomed and ordered

keep the Glenville
full speed ahead, while the steamer tied
her siren down to summon assistance.
The Massasoit of the Department of
orrection was near the scene of the
llision and came alongside the tug.
Capt. Forsythe and his crew of four men
scrambled aboard. The Glenville con-
tinued to push ahead until the tug was
out of the channel and then backed off
and let the Emerald sink. A tug of the

 

; Shamrock Towing Company took charge

|

of the tow.
_ The Glenville was uninjured and con-
tinued on her trip to Port Chester.

|

{

|

This expansion is regarded in political
circles in Berlin as an extremely important
factor in international politics. The
German- Austrian alliance is so close that
the Austrian Dreadnoughts can be counted
for practical purposes as auxiliaries of
the German navy, and it- is suggested
that Austria’s decision to build these
vessels can be compared with the offer
of British oversea States to build battle-.
ships for the motherland.

German experts are of the opinion
that Great Britain will now be compelled
to lay down more than eight Dread-

WOMAN DITCHES AN AUTO.

 

She and Her Companion Injured in Avoid-
ing Collision at Little Sliver, N. J.
Rk. Rawk, N. J., April 6.—In an auto-

mobile accident at Little Silver to-day

Mrs. Irving Hagerman of Asbury Park

had her shoulder dislocated and a woman

who lives at loch Arbor sustained acut
on the forehead which had to be sewed
up.

The machine was owned by Mrs. Boone
of Loch Arbor and it was ruarinto a ditch
to avoid a collision with an automobile
owned by Mrs. C. R. Zacharias of Asbury
Park, which was directly ahead of it.
When the accident occurred thé autos
were rounding the turn at Rumson Drive
and Branch avenue. Both machines
were driven by women and both are said
to have been moving at a good speed.

The injured women were taken to the
Long Branch Hospital by Dr. Fdwin Field,
who happened along at the time of the
accident.

pate fee eee eee ease

VICE-PRESIDENT NOT SICK.

 

ting More Last Night.
WasnInaton, April 6.—Vice-President
Sherman arrived in Washington at 8

o'clock to-night from New York. He/can vote for us; down with rum,”

ridiculed the reports current in that city
that he was suffering from a severe illness
and explained that he took a slight cold
at Utica, where he arrived Sunday, and
for that reason decided that he would
cancel his engagement to speak at Staten
Island to-night. To have kept the en-
gagement would have made it necessary
for him to go across the city at night,
make a change of dress and probably
incur the risk of aggravating his cold.

He appeared to be in very good health | raised $50,000 or $60,000 for the

GHATS FOR AUSTRIA,

Wapnespay, Arnrt 7, 1909,
Thunder showers to-day; clearing and cooler
to-morrow; south to southwest winds.

PRICE TWO CENTS.
RURALLONGISLANDGOES WRT

LICENSE PARTY VICTORIOUS IN
NASSAU AND SUFFOLK.

  
 

 

 

Two and Possibly All Three of the Dry
Towns Vote to Change—Pronhibition-
ists’ Long, Hard Campaign With Pray:
ers and Tolling Bells Unavatling.

Rural Long Island will be wet for'the
nexé two years. The liquor men made
practically a clean sweep in the township
local option elections yesterday in Nassau
and Suffolk counties, certainly gaining
two and possibly all three of the dry towns
in the two counties.

The most surprising thing about the
election was the turning of Easthampton
to the wet column. It has been dry for
§fty years, but decided this time by mord
than 100 to thirst no longer. Southampe
ton, which nas been no license for fouf

years, is the only town that the prohibis:
4

a

iW

a
e

tionista have hopes of carrying. The —

vote there is very close, but at midnight _
the wets were claiming it.

4
a
oa
a

The vote of Garden City, the seat of 4

the Episcopal Cathedral, was another
interesting feature of the election

was practically unanimous in favor: of* 7

the sale of liquor. Gardon City is in tas
town of Hempstead, which w325 ovara:
whelmingly for the “wets.” ;

The campaign that led up to
day's election has been the hardest fotigut

in the history of Long Island. Tha pres if

hibitionists, led by many of. the minla

ters and the W. C T. U. organizations, 7

have fought the issue aimost fron haués

to house. There have been mass meet» ||

ings, prayer meetings, song serviges aud
stereopticon views in nearly every on8'6f
the villages in the two counties. 7m
In Riverhead, Huntington, Southhol#
and Babylon the women gathered in’ th}
churches yesterday afternoon and
for divine aid while the ballots w

 

cast. In some of . the Suffolk ‘county:
towns the church bells were tolled: every ;

hour to remind the voters of their dmty-al
church members. In many of the "
the women got out openly and worked om
2
were pressed into service: . Many of. the
paraded with placards like these-fasten)
to their backs:

“We can’t vote, but

 

“You have children of your own.” ">
The two counties, particolarly Suffé
have been flooded for weeks with

 

Te

yastérs ©

prayed |

ed ot 3
he school children 7

an
A

wi

 
  
  
    
 
  

 

  
 
  
  
  

  
  

phiets and other literature sent out.by. ”

the temperance people. The questicos of
mailing this literature became 80 gre
that “mailing bees” were held by
bers of the W. C. T. U. a
The liquor men, on the other fad
were working just as hard, but mor
quietly. It has been charged that: thi

   
  

and spirits and said that hé was at a loss} At Ocean Side, Rockville Centre, Lyme |

to understand the persistence with which
rumors regarding his health were cir-
culated.

“You may tell them,” said Mr. Sherman,
“that I will live longer than many of the

men who are now engaged in circulating | voters.

rumors that my health is bad.”

SALOMES.

 

MUST DRAPE SAND

Atlantic City’s Mayor Issues ai Stern

Qrder to the Beach Artists.

ATLANTIc CiTy, N. J., April 6.—Beach
sand artists who have taken to modelling
Salomes out of sand and flesh tinted clay
aroused the ire of Mayor Stoy when they
forgot to put sand veils around the images.
As a consequence an order was issued
to-day halting the modellingof nude fig-
ures, and policemen visited the artists
with threats to jump on the fragile statues
unless the osder was obeyed.

The order alao includes reproductions
of unclad Venuses arising from the sea
and other classic figures which have be-
come favorite studies for the artists, who
found they brought quarters instead
of nickels and dimes from male promena-
ders.

 

 

MORE WHITE HOUSE TENNIS.

 

Somebody in Authority Orders That the
Court Be Marked Out Again.

WaSsHINGTON, April 6.—The White House
tennis court is not to be sown with grass
seed, at least for the present. To-day it
was marked out again and it is the under-
standing that it will be used this.spring.
Nobody at the White House felt authorized
to say who would play on it.

TABRIZ

 

 

Alarming News From Centre of Persian|to the reporter of a Riverhead paper.

Revolt—Shah’'s General Slain.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Sr. Perersscura, April 6.—The news-
papers print a Persian despatch saying
that a revolutionary soldier has murdered
with a bomb the Shah’s commander in
chief, Ain-ed-Dowleh, near Tabriz.

The message adds that great bloodshed
has occurred at Tabriz and that 10,000 of
the Shah's troops have declared their
intention to join the revolutionists.

 

WON'T CONTEST BALDWIN WILL.

 

Daughter Old Millionaire Didn’t Recog-
nize Wil Get Rich
San Prancisco, April 6.—There will be
no contest of Lucky Baldwin's will. The
third daughter, Mrs. Selby, to-day agreed
to the terms offered by the other two
daughters and the widow. Baldwin’s will
left only a third interest in property worth
half a million to the widow and about
$300,000 to the youngest daughter, whom
Me failed to recognize @ hia life.
It is understood that both the widow and
Mrs. Selby will receive property worth
about $1,000,000 each.

 

Alabama Prohibition Law Upheld.

MonTooMERY, Ala., April 6.—The Su-
preme Court has declared the State pro-
hibition law valid, all the Judges con-
curring ip the opinion. This is the second
time the court has upheld the Statewide
act of the last Legislature. It was at-
tacked on several constitutional grounds.

 

Daylight Saloons Only in Nebraska.

Lrycoun, Neb., April 6.—Gov. Shallen-
berger signed the daylight saloon bill
to-day. The measure forbids the sale of
liquor except between 7 A. M. and 8 P. M.
The bill goes into effect July 6. Omaha
business men bitterly opposed the
measure. “are

brook ani Woodm:>re ‘4
of Hempstead the t
hired Pinkerton detectives to watch

the polls and posted offers of $100 reward
for the arrest and conviction of :

The rum advooates had hundreds ot
automobiles out. There were free rided
for everybody who would vote the right

way. The tippler could come to the polla ;

in’ a runabout and leave in a ru
wagon.
and colors. ;

The argument which it seems won for

the wets was that no license would meat)

an increase in taxes and a corres)
decrease in realty values. It wag i
out that Nassau county would losé 000°
a year from excise revenue and somebody
would have to make up for the logs.
Riverhead in Suffolk county was oné
of the hottest spots of the anti-rum camw
paign. It went “wet” by 140 two years

ago after a spell of dryness: The liquor. :

men carried it yesterday by about 60. if
The open espousal by the Rev. W. A.

Wasson, rector of the Grace Episcopal ©4

Church, of the rum demon’s side raised
hob in the town.
had helped the “wets” in the ele
two years ago, but the enemiés Ne‘thade
then had almost forgiven him. whem, e
came forward again and began to fant
his allegiance to the moist cause, © .:)'

The Rev. Mr. Wasson’s life was diss,
sected and redissected and examine
under the Suffolk County W. C. T. U.
most powerful glasses. The rector sald
he was in favor of the “wets” for socie-
logical reasons. )

The W.C.T. U.’scomplained that he wag
an Englishman; also he was sus i
of favoring beer for a Welsh rabbit.

vent eey

  

4

SLAUGHTER BEGINS. |The latter accusation arose through any

answer that the Rev. Mr. Wasson

The reporter laid this trap for him: ~'”
“Mr. Wasson, do you like Welsh rabbie>

with milk or beer?” :

“Well, if you ever had a Welsh rabbit :

you know yourself how it ought to be

made,” was the reply that went rumbling

through the town. : oie
On top of this was a veiled insinuation.

 

that Mr.~Wasson had played high low

jack for cigars, but this chargé acrvér
spoke in Riverhead in favor of theésale.
of rum but he went a.
parishes. Bishop B

bition forces. He met their
insinuations with an offer
to any man who would prove
ever taken a drink.

The threat which some of
people held over the head of prohibition-«
ista didn’t add to the harmony of the
Riverhead situation. The “booze sellers
said that when the town went dry
last time they sent the names of a let oi
prohibitionists to some Kentucky firmg
who wanted to do a mail order business,
They did this as a joke, but lo, they ro+
ceived a check for $11 commissions on
sales.

The temperance campaign in Rivers |
head, aa in most of the other Long Istan
‘towns, included atereopticon views o

hy

 

iomnpertnee taal olka,

There were autos of all shapey

ie

The rector, it’s ee ,

   
 

iy

     
 
  
 

 

7

“
ss
y

a)

  
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   

a

pk

   
  
   
 
  

1