Ste ae a

  
   

 

el

STOP QUARRELLING, SAYS ROOT |

 

REMARKS BY THE EX-SECRETARY
po NOT PLEASE GOV. ODELL,

The People Care Little About surface
Controversies—Measures Are Every-
thing—It's Time to Be Talking About
Campaign Issues, and Quick,

The Hon, Elihu Root, at a dinner given
in his honor at the Republican Club last
night, told his fellow diners, of whom Gov.
Odell was one, that it was high time for
New York Republicans to quit gossiping
about factional strife within the party
and begin a discussion of the policies with
which the party will go before the people
in the coming Presidential campaign.

There were some who watched Gov.
Odell's face narrowly while Mr. Root was
talking, and the opinion seemed to be
general that the Governor didn't altogether
enjoy all of the ex-Secretary of War's
remarks. Mr. Root said in part:

The city of Washington is the worst place
J know in which to get a proper appreciation
of the sentiment of the people. It is like a
boiler shop—we make 60 much noise our-
selves that we cannot hear the rumbling
outside, |Laughter.!

Just before I left there, however, I said
to myself: “I'm going home now and I'll
find out what's going on.” I confess to you
that I bave been disappointed. We are on
the threshold Of a great struggle. In a few
months the American people are to determine
‘he policy Which is to be followed by this
createst of nations for years to come, But
| hear no discussion of that policy, either in
the newspapers or in private conversation,
Insteud, I hear talk of men. I hear there is
great trouble in the Republican party of the
state of New York; that there are serious
factional diMiculties —so serious that the party
may lose the State in the coming election.

Fuctional diMficulties threaten the success
of the Republican party in this State! I
don't think so, don't think so. I am no
infant in politics, and I have never known
the time When individuals didn’t differ in
their opinions of politics as well as men, but
there is no more of that than there always
has been and always will be, I take no stock

 

n this talk of warring factions. The ple
care i little about it. (Cries of, “That's
right."

[he people behind the Republican party
heleve in the men and policies of the Re-
publican party. They are not concerned
with little surface controversies. They want

the men to control whom the majority of the
party determines upon. It seems to me
time to turn from surface questions of party
organization, questions of whether this man
or that man shall exercise the power that
must be versed in some one, and turn to the
great issues of the conflict that is before us.

We live under a government, not of men,
butof law [great applause); not of individuals
and groups, but of parties. It seems to me,
therefore, that it is high time to call the atten-
tion of the ple of the United States to that
fact, other than to the chicken feed of political
gossip. {Great cheering and applause.) And
shall we wait to find out from which side we
are to be attacked ?

We cannot tell whether the Democrati
party will become ultra-conservative ana
denounce the Northern Securities decision,
the ending of the coal strike and the Panama
capa} pulling, or whether they will be ultra-
radical.

But why need we care? [Cries of “That's
it!" We stand upon a distinct line of public
policy. We- have such a foreign policy that,
when all the world stands breathless, lest out
of the struggle between Russia and Japana
universal war shall grow, the German Empire
#aks the United States to request that the

warring Powers shall preserve the adminis-

trative Sntity of Chine.
And this same internal licy has red
ife to the béttom

m
to Brees ecandals in official
and proceed against the guilty, whether of
our own household or not. [Loud cheers.

We have a policy in our internal affairs
has dared to strike whenever justice
required the blow to be struck, and which
has been so to labor and capital that the
people have come <o believe that the laws
weal of all.

@ are being administered for the
(Loud applause.|

Ip the face of such a policy, men are of

little account. The question for us to hammer

ring the Soa

ic.

in 6u er and t
ia ‘whether these poli of ayty are to
be maintained.

es of this party are to

4
“ODELL PICKING DELEGATES.

joabetqlaitetekinn
Sheldon Must Not Go to Chicago—The
Doctor Butler Movement.

Gov.. Odell had a talk yesterday with
William Halpin, chairman of the executive
committee of the New York Republican
gounty committee concerning the dele-
gates to be selected from the ten Congress
districts down this way to attend the Re-
publican national convention. They talked
about other matters, but the national dele-
gates was the most important subject
discussed. Gov. Odell’s strict injunction
was that under no circumstances must
George R. Sheldon be sent as a delegate
to Chicago. In 1900 Mr. Sheldon was a
delegate from the Eleventh Congress dis-
trict to the Republican national convention
at Philadelphia.

An interesting episode has sprung up in
the Thirteenth Congress district. By
unanimous consent Elihu Root, formerly
Secretary of ‘War, is to be one of the dele-
gates from this district, and as THE SUN
announced a month ago Mr. Koot is to make
the nominating speech for President Roose-
velt in the national convention. Mac-
dougall Hawkes, Gov. Odell’s famous
“Pier man,” and Herbert E. Parsons of the
Twenty-fifth Assembly district, which is
part of the Thirteenth Congress district,
along with John Henry Hammond of the
Twenty-ninth and B. Aymar Sands of the
C'wenty-seventh Assembly districts, insist
that the President's nal friend, Nicholas
Murray Butler, shall be the other délegate
for the district, whereas the old Republican
war horses of the district declare that
Edward Lauterbach should be the man.
Mr. Lauterbach was one of the four dele-
gates at large to the St. Louis convention
in 1896 and did most effective work along
with Senator Foraker and Senator Lodge
in framing the gold plank of that convention.
Mr. Hawkes, Mr. nd and Mr. Par-
sons, it was understood until last night
had been roreae in Mr. Butler's behalf
in conformity with an inspiration from the
White House. This, though, was denied
by a personal friend of President Roosevelt.

Gov. Odell hadn't anything to say about
the prospective removal of George
Morgan, superintendent of the metropolitan
election districts. It is known that he
wants Mr. Morgan's head, as the office is
altogether too independent of centralized
control at. Albany. With Morgan out
legislation is to be passed, it is said, bring-
ing the office directly under Gov. Odell's
control. Abe Gruber has said for months
that he would have Morgan's head because
Morgan wouldn't appoint Abe's brother
toa job. Abe Gruber’s hostility to George
R. Bidwell sprang from Bidwell's removal
6f Gruber's rother from his $15 a week
Job.

Mr. Morgan said yesterday: “I have re-

to make any cratemenrs to the p eo

TS in regard to my possible resignation.

i" ve not discussed even the ibility

of resigning with Gov. Odell. Any state-

ments which have appeared in the papers
are without my authority or sanction.”

 

CANNON MEN FOR ROOSEVELT.

 

The Speaker Says President Has Solved

Every Question With Wisdom.
_ DANVILLE, IIL, March 15.—The Repub-
licans of the Eighteenth Illinois Congress
district held their convention to-day. Con-
gressman Cannon was renominated by
acclamation. A letter from him was read.
In part it is:

“Our progress under the leadership of
McKinley met the approval of the people
and under the leadership of his successor
every public question has been met with
courage and solved with wisdom. With
such a record, with such policies and with
such a leader, we will deserve and we will
receive the approval of the ple in No-
vember next by the election of our standard
bearer, Theodore Roosevelt, as President
of the United States.”

The resolutions adopted deplore the
Geath act Senator Hanna, instruct the
i i es to the national convention to vote
rome eahdie Rept Bate Made
‘s tration of Illinois. ™

SSS

Moyes @

 
  
 

 

UPSTATE ELECTIONS, ~

+ 4g eer ere “ig
esulis of Voling for Local Officers in
Various Communitics, .

GLENS Fats, N. Y., March 16.—This vil-
lage has clected ‘the entire Democratio
tioket by majorities rahging from 100 to
200 with a large vote cast,

In to-day's village election in Sandy
Hill the Citizens defeated the Taxpayers
by about 200 majority in the largest vote
ever polled.

In Fort Edward the Republicans elected
a President and Treasurer and the Demo-
crate the balance of the ticket, A union
ticket was successful at Lake George. The
Democrats elected a President in South
Glens Falls. The Trustees are Repub-
licans,

BALLston, N. Y., March 15.—The village
election here to-day was a contest between
the Republicans and a citizens’ ticket, The
citizens elected their entire ticket with
Stephen C, Medberry as President,

DELHI, N: Y., March 15.—The citizens’
non-partisan ticket for President and
trustees was elected here to-day without
opposition,

Newburg, N. Y., March 15.—The spring
elections were held in villages of Fishkill
Landing and Matteawan to-day. At Fish-
kill Landing the entire Democratio ticket
with one exception was elected. Irving
J. Justus was chosen President by sixty-one
majority over Benjamin Hammond, Re-
publican. y

In Matteawan, Dr. Lewis I. Stanbrough
was elected President by a plurality of 93.
The entire Republican ticket was elected
over the Demooratic and Citizens’.

AN UNINSTRUCTED DELEGATION.

 

 

Leader Murphy’s Friends See No Reason
Why He Should Change His Altitude.
Leader Charles F. Murphy's friends said

last night that they could see no valid rea-

son why he should change his attitude
for an uninstructed delegation of Demo-
crats from the State to the Democratio
national convention. They said that Mr.

Murphy had not come to his convictions

concerning this matter without .thought,

that he had gone over the subject from
every standpoint and moreover had had
recourse to the wisdom of other Demo-

crats. F
Then the friends 6f Mr. Murphy went on

to point out that the views of himself and

his friends should be entitled to great con-
sideration in the minds of all other Demo-
crats of the State, for the reason that it is
in New York city that the great Democratio
pluralities are gained; that he and his fol-
lowers have furnished eleven of the twenty-
one Democratic Senators at Albany, twenty-
seven of the fifty-three Assemblymen and
ten of the seventeen Democratic Congress-
men in the present delegation from the

State.

It is herein New York county, Mr. Murphy's
friends declared, that the fight for Demo-
cratic victory in the State must be waged,
and while he was in every way disposed to
regard the wishes of his fellow Democrats
in the State he nevertheless believed that
the Democratic pluralities given in New

York county were entitled to more consider- | covered grouped aroun
ation than that shown at the recent meeting | lovin

|
|

of the Democratic State committee ia Al- |

bany.

WESTCHESTER REPUBLICANS WIN.

Larchmont Elects K. L. Hopkins Mayor
Over W. C. Figner.’

Mount VERNON, March 15.+-Eight of the
villages in Westchester county held annual
elections to-day. In, Larchmon,, North
Tarrytown and North Pelharn, where party
lines were drawn, the Republicans won eagy
victories. Larchmont elected K. L. Hop-
kins, the Republican candidate for Presi-
dent, by 122 votes over W. C. Figner, a
Southern Democrat:

In North Pelham, William Edinger, Re-
publican, was reelected President over his
Democratic opponent, Dr. Barker, by 29
votes, and in North Tarrytown, Samuel
Horton, the Republican candidate won over
his Democratic. opponent, James Lann.
The issue in North Tarrytown was on the
purchase of waterworks.

Frederick W.-Allen, a lawyer and clubman,
was elected President of Pelham Manor on
a fusion ticket, and H. D. Lent, another
fusionist, carried Tuckahoe. Henceforth,
it is announced, the lid will be on in
Tuckahoe and there will be less gam-
bling and cock fighting. In Pelham, which
‘is the smallest village in the State, A. M.
Searles was elected President. Only nine
votes were cast and he got them all.

RID OF NEGRO DOMINATION.

 

A North Carolinan’s Explanation of Why
His State Is Prospering.

The fourth annual dinner of the North
Carolina Society, at the Savoy last night,
marked the anniversary of the Revolu-
tionary battle of Guilford Court House.
Charles S. Bryan presided and after the
toast, “The President, the Army and Navy,”
introduced Lee Fairchild, who undertook
to explain “what the Governor of North
Carolina said to the Governor of South
Carolina.”

“I never had the pleasure of meeting
the Governor of either State,” suid he,
“but of all men they are the ones I should
most like to meet. The Governor who
said it first is the greater Governor. On
gentlemen of the South those Governors
have very great influence, In the cam-
paign of 1896, my friend Jake Kemble
made this proposal; ‘Lee, you introduce
me to your Western friends and I'll intro-
duce you to my Southern friends, and it
won't cost us anything.’

Senator Lee S. Overman, the next speaker,
said in part:

“In 1900 the people decermined that the
negro shall not dominete in North Carolina
and since that black cloud has been removed
from the State, North Carolina is singing a
song of prosperity and progress. Your
kinsmen are talking of business and com-
mercial suocess.'’

“No scheme of designing politicians,”
said William A. Barber,ex-Attorney-General
of North Carolina, who followed, ‘will be
able to seoure for the black race either
political power or social equality.”

 

The Weather.

The storm from the Southwest lost Its force
over the Middle Atlantic States yesterday. The
wind diminished and. the snow ceased over the
Middle Atlantic section after the early morning;
snow continued to fall over the New England States,
northern New York and the Lake regions; else-
where over the country the weather was clearing
or fair. The storm which made its appearance
on the north Pacific coast moved inland over
British Columbia and also lost its force.@ The
temperature was generally higher in all the States.
In this city the dsy was cloudy, but clearing; wind
light to fresh northwest, shifting tw south; average
humidity, 76 per cent.; barometer, corrected to
read to sea level, at 6 A. M.; 20.81;3 P, M., 28.74,

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, [8 shown tn the annexed table:

wi... soe MO OPM i
ghee Be SES oc ee 46°
BP. Mo. 88° (B6*\a2 Mid... |. 83° a

‘WASKINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.

For eastern New York, eastern Pennsylranta,
New Jersey, Delaware and New Enoiand, fair to-day
and to-morrow.

For ‘western New York. fair in the south, snow
flurries in the. north to-day; fair, with diminishing
Borthwest winds to morrow.

Fer District of Columbia and Maryland, fair to-
day, end w-morrow; light to fresh norkwest
winds. :

YS

HREE billions of dollars are
d ited in the savings
banks of the United States, earn-
ing for the depositors only 2 to
4% annually. The man who
deposits all his funds in a bank
is depriving himself of more
than half his obtainable income.
There are opportunities to
safely invest in the stock of firmly
established, paying manufactur-
ing enterprises, We find such

opportunities for our clients.
t us send you particulars of

a safe, profitable investment.

Ask for our Magazine, Cent Per Cent.

MITCHELL, SCHILLER & BARNES,
52 Broadway, New York.

ROOT CREDULOUS, SAYS: ODEL

NO QUARREL) EVEN WITH A MAN
WHO BELONGS TO THE PAST.

 

 

Even Such a Man May Advise With the
Republican Leader of the State—Every-
body for the Peerless Roosevelt—Stras-
bourger and Slater Shake Hands.

There were five hundred and fifty restless
diners at the: Harlem Casino last night,
who were’ kept in'a state of nervousness
waiting from 10:15 o'clock to 11:16 o'clock
for Gov. Odell to come up from the Repub-
lican Club dinner. The Harlem Casino
dinner was in honor of Tax Commissioner
Samuel Strasbourger, who is the Repub-
lican leader in the ‘Thirty-firat Assembly
district.

Thedinmer was inthe nature of a declara-
tion of peace between Senator S. F. Slater
and Mr. Strasbourger.. Mr. Slater came in
at 10:15 o’clock, the hour Goy. Odell was
expected. Slater and Strasbourger shook
hands and the fifty election district captains
together with their 500 henchmieii, all stood
up and cheered both.

Word had circulated among the Harlem
Police precincts that Commissioner McAdoo
was coming up with the Governor. About
twenty minutes after this rumor arose
twenty cope Sppaeite, at the entrance to
the Harlem Casino and went on guard.

At 10:03 a bulletin came'to the hall that
the Governor had just fees ee
street. At 10:16 a telephone message was
received that he was at the lem Casino.
A search of the house failed to disclose him.
At 10:22 he.was reported at 116th street.
At 10:31 the news agencies had him sighted
off the 120th street shoals. At 10:42 a mes-
senger rushed into the banquet hall and
announced that the Governor was back
at 116th street.

The orchestra was getting confused and
broke out with “Down Where the Wurz-
berger Flows,” and the entire audience
joined in singing it. At 11:02 there came
a , 84id to be from thé Republican
Club, explaining the other es and
the long Sey Pe Cee Odell uptown.
This that he hud just left the
club, which is on Fortieth street. The band
then played “Put Down Six and carry Two.”

The Gavernor actuaily, arrived at 11:16
o'clock. Soon after his arrival the curtain
of the stage at the end of the banquet hall
rose and the aistrict captains were dis-
& large silver
cup, which wae a surprise gift to

Mr. Strasbourger from them.
Coinmissioner McAdov did net come
with the Governur, who, when he was

seated at the table, found himself between
Tax Commissioner Strasbourger and H. W,

| Jessup, the toustmaster,.and about him

| Were Edward Lauterbaca, Chairman Hal-
| pin of the Couity executive oOommittee,

| burger and abe Gruber.

|
|
|

|

\

 

ob Hedges, Julide 3i, Mayer, Judge New-

Gov. Odell was introduced 3 Toast-
nraste: Jessup .as “Benjamin ckbone
Odell.” He said:

T have been leading the strenuous life to-day
fn @atnest. 1 have had noo portunity to

prepare myself for this speech since I left
Albany this morning, bu t there are some sub-
jects, perhaps, whic can speak about

ut.

Tam just from the Republican Club, where

I listened to a great address by one of our

e.t Americens, a 6on of New York, who

bes filed nobly nad ably. the post of War
cretary. [Applause] e made a_ stron

and moving appeal to us, his fone Republi-

cans, tO uphold the tridition and the power

of our party,

But I leartied that he haf been away from
our city for five years. He gives more cre-
dence to the malicious stories which are

inted in the newspapers than to the known

acts which are eterywhere apparent here to
every loyal orgatisagon Republican who has
been here continuously

He fears that there are internal dissensions
in the party p re which threaten the strength
when it shall be put to the test

I told him that he betrayed a knowledge
in the latter part of his address which belied
his apparent. Innocence of conditions here
when he intimated that there was dispute
between certain men as to who should be
the leader of the Republicans of this State.

I told him that the Republican party was a

rty of: leaders and that evefty.man who

eleved in its doctrines and who was eom-

tent to set forth its policies by which it had
Become preeminent in State and nation was
a leader in the party. .

I told. him that stories as to why the Goy-
eruor of this State remained in Albany while
the senior Senator remained in New York
city had no effect or.bearifg on the results
which we. all desire to attain, but that he
would find when the time came that every
Republican would be Standing shoulder to
shoulder fighting for that peerless Republican
statesman Theodore Roosevelt, President of
the United States.

At this point there was a demonstration
of approval! which interrupted Gov. Odell
for a minute and a half.

The Governor said that he was glad to
hear the cheers, but that Republicans must
do more than cheer, that they must get to
work at once. He added:

I want to say to you that there is no quarrel
in the Republican party. me of us may
differ as to the means by which the best re-
sults are to be obtained [here the Governor
became very impressive indeed in his man-
pert but no man, whether he belongs to the
past [long pause} or to the present may glve
advice which will not be welcomed heartily
by the Republican leader of this State, who-
ever he may be. ;

Let this club strike the keynote of the
campaign, whether the Republican party
shall be continued in power or whether the
nation shall be turned over to that party
which knows not whether it will follow the
ultra-conservatismn of Cleveland and Parker
or the ultra-socialism of Bryan and Hearst.
(Hiases, followed by loud applause.)

Gov. Odell said that it must not be inferred

use the Governor remained in Newburg
attending to his private business or in
Albany attending to his official business
while Senator Platt was in New York that
there were factional difficulties in the
Republican party.

Edward Lautenbach followed Gov. Odell.
He lauded the leadership of Mr. Stras-

bourger and said:

Under the leadership of Benjamin B. Odell
lgreat applause) a the guidance of the
senior Senator of the State, everyehing will
go well. Conte neat on of pe Jnited spe

upreme Cou: nat corporation mono
is a great victory for President Roosevelt,

t about by a Republican
Attorney-Genera d by
ublican Judges. This annihilates the un-
ust criticism of the party that it stands for
monopoly and the oppression of common

people.

INSTRUCTED FOR ROOSEVELT.
Congress Conventions Declare
for the President.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 15.—James A. Hem-
enway,Congressman from the First Indiana
district, received sixth nomination to-

 

 

Indiana

day, the convention meeting at Mount
Vernon and nominating him acclama-
tion. The resolutions paseed luded a

feeling tribute to Senator Hanna, referring
to him as “one of the greatest and best

Americans
President Roose-
¢ and de-

The administration of
velt was indo’ and
n of the joof Panama”
Del: to

aisive
was ; egates
the ublican national convention were

The Thirteenth district biloane alee
met in convention to-day and renominated
Congressman Brick. @ national Ad-

reson was cee eee and the cue.
selected were
SKracted to vote for the 5

/ | ‘THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MARC

TEN OMI PD ROTINEC IRI err One fe VF
: : |

. nny, war we oe ree
i apm ee
ee tir r wy * ee

  

CARNEGIE IN HANNA’S PLACE,

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF
THE CIVIC FEDERATION.

Chosen at a Dinner Given by Oscar Straus
to Let Mr. Carnegie Meet the
Labor Leaderse—Says the Homestead
Strike Might Have Been Averted.

Andrew Carnegie has been elected a
member of the Civic Federation and ap-
pointed a member of the exccutive com-
mittee to fill the vacancy made by the death
of Senator Hanna.

This was done last night at a dinner
given by Oscar Straus at his home, 6 West
Seventy-sixth street. Mr. Straus gave the
dinner in order to let Mr. Carnegie exchange
views on the labor question with prominent
union leaders and many labor leaders of
national prominence were at the dinner.

Not the least interesting feature of the
dinner was the meeting of Mr. Carnegie
and William Weihe, who was president of
the Amalgamated Steel Workers of America
at the time of the Homestead strike. They
exchanged their views on the strike and
the causes that led up to it.

When they got through their reminis-
cences Mr. Carnegie said that if he had been
in this country at the time he would prob-
ably have averted the strike.

In the course of the evening Mr. Carnegie
expressed a desire to join the Civic Federa-
tion, A.meeting was held and he was
immediately elected. Then he was made
a member of the executive committee,
of which there are forty-five’ members
representing the employers, employees
and the public. Mr. Carnegie is to be a
representative of the public.

Mr. Straus said after the dinner that the
views expressed by Mr. Carnegie on the
labor question were broad and in accord
with his writings on the subject. Mr.
Straus also said that there was a general
6wapping of views on the labor question
by those present.

Others at the dinner were Charles A.
Moore, Isidor Straus, Edward Schaeffer,
son-in-law of Oscar Straus, Ralph M, Eas-
ley, secretary of the Civic Federation, P.
H. Morrisey, chief of the Brotherhood of
Trainmen; Edward E. Clark, chief of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Conductors; James
Duncan, first vice-president of the Ameri-
can Federation of Labor; W. B. Mahon,
president of the Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employees; Henry White
head of the Garment Workers; M. M. Gar-
land, Collector of the Port of Pittsburg,
once president of the Amalgamated Steel
Workers and James P. Archibald, president
of the Brotherhood of Painters and Decora-

tors.
75 UNION MEN BANISHED.
Telluride Citizens’ Alliance Gets Rid of

Troubie Makers.

TBLLURIDE, Col., March 15.—Between
sixty end seventy-five members of the
Telluride Miners’ Union and sympathizers
who wero recently deported, but who re-
turned when the militia were called away,
were forcibly taken from their homes and
boarding houses last night by 100 armed
members of the Citizens’ Alliance. They
were then put aboard a specially chartered
train shortly after 2 o'clock this morning,
and deported to Ridgway.

The men were warned individually and
collectively after they were forced into the
two cars of the train, never to return to
Telluride on pain of death. To make this
warning more impressive the Alliance
members fired a number of volleys at the
departing train.

‘The decision to deport the unionists and
their sympathizers was reached at a meeting
of the alliance last night, This meeting
was largely attended. The strike situation
was discussed and it was the consensus of
opinion that something radical must be
done, The running out of town of the
union agitators and their sympathizers was
finally suggested and promptly agreed to.

The myreune bajouraed and the members
went to their homes, secured weapons and
later met at a place previously agreed
upon. The alliance men divided into
three parties and the raid on the homes of
the strikers began.

The midnight Invaders used little
ceremony at any of the houses. If ad-
mission was not promptly accorded, the
doors were smashed in, and where the
slightest resistance was offered, shotguns
and rifles were brought into play. Among
those deported was Stewart Forbes, the
secretary of the miners’ union.

Rumors are rife that the 150 or 200 re-
maining members of the miners’ union in
camp will assemble to-night in the big
miners’ union hospital on Columbia avenue
and convert it into a sort of armory in case
the Citizens’ Alliance should start on another
raid. The building is well adapted for the
purpose and can be made impregnable.

 

ON

 

 

 

EXPEDITE WESTCHESTER R. R.

Aldermen Ask Board of Estimate to Fix
Compensation.

The Aldermen turned over yesterday
to the Board of Estimate the new applica-
tion of the New York, Westchester and
Boston Railway Company for permission
to cross the streets of The Bronx. Before
the meeting of the board the Committee
on Railroads held a short session for the
stated purpose of considering the appli-
cation not only of the Westchester com-

y, but of the New York and Port Chester
ilway Company.

The committee did not act on the Port
Chester company’s petition. With regard
to the application of the other corporation
the committee presented a report recom-
mending that it should be first sent to the
Board of Estimate for that body to fix
the arin aera to be paid to the city.

The Aldermen adopted, by a vote of 51
to 8, the committee's report, 1e Tammany
Aldermen voted in a body in favor of the

report.

Alderman Goodman, the leader of the
Republican minority, asked that consider-
ation of the report be delayed for a week
in order that a minority report in favor of
the Port Chester company might be pre-

red. Mr. man’s request was voted

the board to go slow.
“What is the for this haste?” he asked,
“If I were a member of the Railroad Com-
mittee I would feel inclined to blush at the
Sernene administered to that com-

own,
Gen. Sickles ur;

mittee the Mayor in his recent. veto.
Why is the delay asked for be the leader
of the minority not granted? I would very

much like to know what motive there is
behind this anxiety, this haste, to prepare
the way for granting the permit to the
Westchester company.”
Little Tim Sullivan said that the com-
y had asked for the holding of a publio
earing as soon as possible. The Port
Chester Company had not asked for a pub-
lic hearing, and in consequence the com-
mittee had postponed until a future meeting
consideration of the Port Chester com-

pany.

Woman a Receiver in Bankruptoy.
Judge Holt of the United States District
Court has appointed Miss Anna Flynn re-
ceiver in bankruptcy of the assets of Marie
Barton, dressmaker, of 26 West Thirty-

 

fifth street, Miss Flynn is a lawyer of
09 Nassau street and, it is is the first
woman appointed receiver in kruptey

in this district.
JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

The Hamburg-American line's steamship Prin-
gesain Victoria Luise, which has been making
to the West Indies sineo the first of the year
will from New York on April 12 for a cruise to
the Moditermancan. She will stop at the Azores,
adeire. (Gibraltar, AB i Naples and (cnoa,
ving ample time at ports for sightseeing.
Robert J. Rattray has filed a position in bank-~

He vowee gibt Habilities of $1 . Be bart.

for club {ees to

 

 

H 16, 1904

PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD

  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
 
    
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
   
  

‘discharging cargo at ports of the

'

Se ers et

" nee ve eae, PRET a
eR) rere ny Way Pals pee AS er

;
e

 
 

 

 

  

SA a. ST atone

 

 

TO THE

WORLD’S FAIR

» LOU

iS, MO.

First Coach Excursion

MAY
Round-Trip

 

10,

$20 es

Proportionate rates from other stations,

1904
FROM NEW YORK

 

Spectal train of Standard

Coaches going; returning in coaches on regular trains within ten days.

Persons expecting to
Railroad's World's Fair
hotels, Apply to Ticket Agents.

J. R. WOOD, Passenger Trafic Manager.

visit the World's Fair should get a cory I
Booklet giving rates, train service and information concerning

of the Pennsylvania

GEO, W. BOYD, General Passenger Agent.

 

WE POLICE DOMINICAN PORTS,

Azua Under Discipline—Son of President
Heureaux Exiled.

The little British schooner Ophir, in yes-
terday from Santo Domingo with a cargo
of sugar, was held up by black insurgents at
Azua, on Feb. 10, after she had finished

etting on her cargo. The insurgents had

riven out the Government garrison and had

begun looting.
ir. Hardy, the agent of the schooner,

which is chartered by Hugh Kelly & Co. of
$1 Wall street, was asked by the leader of the
revolutionista to pay them $1,500 tribute.
He let them suppose that he would do so,
and asked permission to send the’schooner
to Santo Domingo City to collect the money,
Mr. Hardy privately gave Capt. Colbeth of
the Ophir a note to United States Minister
Powell asking for a war vessel to protect
American interests at Azua.

On her way to Santo Domingo City from
Azua tho schooner fell in with the cruiser
Yankee, which took Consul Hardy's letter,
and, changing her course, headed for Santo
Domingo City. The schooner then pro-
ceeded to this port. The captain has no
doubt that the Yankee went back and made
the insurgents behave.

The Clyde Line steamship Cherokee,
whioh arrived yesterday from Santo Do-
mingo, had no difficulty in Hoe on and

disturbed
At Azua, where there has been
pro-

republic,
Much tumult recently, the liner was
tected by the American warship Hartford.
Among the Cherokee’s passengers was
Mr. Heureaux, son of a former president of
Santo Domingo. He has been exiled by the
Morales Government.

It was said by a passenger on the Cherokee
that hereafter no American vessels would be
permitted to ship ammunition to the Jime- }
nez forces, and that steps had been taken
by friends of the insurgents to send muni-
tions from a Canadian port in a British
steamship.

OBITUARY.

George H. Shirley, one of the oldest and
best known residents of the Bedford district
in Brooklyn, died on Monday ip his home at
875 Greene avenue, in his eighty-seventh
year, He was a sen of Alfred Shirley, the
opnder and editor of the Dail
Portinnd, Me.
associated in
was appointed a United States weigher in
the New York Custom House in 1861, through
the influence of Vice-President Hamlin, and
subsequently became Denuty Surveyor. He
retired from the Government service fifteen
years ago. He was a lifelong temperance
advocate and for thirty years conducted a
Bible class for young men in the Central Con-
gregational Church. He leaves a gon, the
Rev. Arthur Shirley of Stratford, Conn.,
and two daughters, one of whom is superin-
tendent of the Chinese Sunday aotioul con-
nected with the Central church. (The funeral
services will be held in the house this evening.

Caleb M, Harrison, who was for nearly
a quarter of a century superintendent of
the Newark City Home at Verona, N. J.,
died on Monday night at Uvalde, Tex., where
he went a few weeks ago to engage in the

;
|
|

Courter of
years was
He

and for severa

business with his father.

sheep raising business. Mr. Harrison was born
in Caldwell, N.J., on Jan, 28, 1837, where his
ancestors had lived for 200 yenrs. He received
the degree of Master of Arts from Rutgers
College in recognition of his work as a writer
and educator. Since 1858 he had devoted
his attention largely to educational work.
In ‘1859 he became principal of the schools
in Plainfield and in 1860 was made prin-
cipal of the New Brunswick schools, in which
capacity he served until he was appointed
State Superintendent of Schools. He drafted
an act establishing a State Board of Education.
He leaves a Widow and five sons.

The Kev. George Paterson Raitt, a retired
Reformed Presbyterian clergyman died on
Monday at his residence, 524 West 124th street. |
He had _been ill for three weeks He was |
born in Bovina, N. Y., on Sept. 19, 1831, and |
was ordained to the ministry when he was |

30 years of age. His first charge was at
Greenville, Pa., where he remained for six |
years. He then went to Patterson, la,,

were he did missionary work for fifteen years,
From there he went to Canada, and thirteen

ears ago he removed to Newburg, N. Y
he was a)]ways on active worker in anti-saloon
movements. His wife, three sons and two
daughters survive him,

John Wesley. Peckett of 818 Clinton street,
Brooklyn, died_on Sunday in his summer
home at Sugar Hill, N. H., in his seventy-ninth
year. In early life he ‘was engaged in the
manufacture of ink, which he gave up to
study law. He was admitted to the bar and |
practised in Brooklyn and New York for over
thirty repre He was the owner of the Fran-
conia Hotel at Sugar Hill and other real estate
in New Hampshire. He is survived by two

sons and a daughter. The funeral services
ye be held this evening at his Brooklyn
ome.

William G. Gorman; 51 years old, a teacher
of botany and commercial courses in the
schools of Montclair, N. J., for over eleven |
years, died in the Mountainside Hospital |
yesterday. He taught evening classes in
the Young Men's Christian Association of
Montclair. He was a member of the First |
Methodist Church, from which his funeral |
will be held this afternoon at 8:30 o'clock.
Two sons and one daughter survive him. |
His wife died two years ago.
Joseph Hudson, a well known Hell Gate
pilot, died on Monday of spoplexy at his home,
467 Macon street, Brooklyn, in his sixty- |
second year, During the Spenish-Americin |
War he took a vie Government transport ,
steamer through Hell Gate, Last summer !
he piloted the Erin for Sir Thomas Lipton to
the naval review off Oyster Bay. He was
n the employment of George Gould for
several years. He leaves a widow and six |
children.
Margaret Mitchell Griffin, wife of Francis H.
ki and eldest daughter of United States
died suddenly

Griff
Senator Mitchell of Oregon,
vesterday. he will be buried on Thursday
from the residence of her aunt, Mrs. Charles
F. Griffin, 49 West Fiftieth street. She was
arried to Mr. Griffin on Feb. 21, 1902, at
Washin ton. She had been twice previously
Her sister is the Countess Koche-

foucauld,

Policeman Thomas H. Nicholson of the
East 126th street station died ef heart disease
last night at his home, 206 West 193d street
He reported sick at 56 o'clock and died an
hour later, Nicholson had been on the force
since 1887 and was five years at the East
126th street station. He was nicknamed |
Admiral Dewey from his close resemblance
to the hero of Manila Bay.

James Lawrence White, a well known
business man of Washington, where he had

ved for sdventy-seven years, died nat his

ome in that city on Monday in the ninety-

second year of his age. He was bern in
Virginia, but went to Washington when a
oung man. He wes a_ brother-in-law of
Representative Gibson of Maryland.

Mrs. Jessie Valentine, wife of James Valeen-
tine of 60 Christopher street, Montclair, died
lustevening of Bright’sdiseuse. Herhusband |
is retary and treasurer of Clark's Mile |
End Spool Cotton Company of East Newark,
Mrs. Valentine came to this country from
Scotland ten years ago and had lived in
Montclair about seven years.

William A. Norton, organist and choir-
master of the Russell Place Methodist Episco-
x1 Church, Brooklyn, died on Sunday in
fis home at 14 Gunther place, in this sixty-
second year. He served in the civil war
with the 120th Regiment, New York Volun-
teers. He leaves a widow, a son and two
daughters.

Col. Frederick G. Freret died in New Orleans
on Monday. He was born in Louisiana 67
years ago and served with distinction in the
Uohiederate Army. He was United States
Jury Commissioner for several years, secre-
tary of the Drainage Commission and State
Bank Examiner. {

John Maguire, who had been smpeyed in |

married.

the Ship News office at the Battery for the
fifteen years, died yesterday of pneu-
monie, in his thirty-second year, at his home,
206 Henry street, this city,
bra Sherman DeWolf died yesterday

n her olanty-third year, at_the repidenoe of
er daughter, Mrs. Grace DeWolf Seaman,
72 Maple ayeqve ew Rophs le

OsborngB. elt one of Chicago's oldest
business men, died
was 72 years old, and had lived
for Afty years.

there yomverday. He
in jcago

W’ADOO PUTS HAGGERTY OUT,

MADOO HAS HIGH IDEALS, SAYS
HAGGERTY, ACQUIESCING.

 

 

Brooklyn's Deputy Commisstoner of Police
Complatsant at the Loss of His Job
—No Successor Yet Picked—McAvoy
Hasn't Been Asked to Quit His Place.

Second Deputy Police Commissioner
Henry I’, Haggerty ,who was in charge of the
force in Brooklyn, was removed by Com-
missioner McAdoo yesterday. Mr. McAdoo
had asked Haggerty to resign, but the
Second Deputy refused to do so,

“Commissioner McAdoo is a gentleman of
high ideals and in my estimation the man
to make the Police Department what it
should be,” said Mr. Haggerty when re-
porters found him after his removal. Mr.
Haggerty was having luncheon with his
brother and Magistrate Naumer.

“It is true I have been removed by the
Commissioner,” he added, “and I am glad
of it. The Commissioner and I are warm
personal friends, There is nothing more
to be said.” ;

That the Brooklyn Commissioner's resig-
nation had been requested has been com-
mon gossip for several days. Mr. Haggerty
has denied this and has often added that he
had no intention of resigning.

Ashort time before Commissioner McAdoo
announced the removal, the Brooklyn deputy
hid declared that his relations with the
Commissioner were most cordial and that
his resignation had not been requested and
that he had no intention of getting out of
the department. In removing Haggerty,
the Police Commissioner issued this state-
ment:

Because of a difference of opinion between
Mr. Haggerty and myself as to the policy
of polico government in Brooklyn, which
difference would prevent that sympathetio
and cordial cooperation and confidence which
are absolutely necessary between the Com-
missioner and his subordinates, I feel com-
pelled, for this and other police reasons which
gre neither political nor personal, to ask for
his resignation. This, he says, he feels com-
pelled to refuse.

Under these circimstances there was
nothing left for me but to exercise the powers
vested in me by law, and the office is now
vacant. The police governinent of Greater
New York must be and remain, as long as [
am here, uniform without reference to
locality. : ,

Inspector McLaughlin will be in charge
until I can find the Proper man to take Mr.
Haggerty’s place. will, however, give a
good deal of personal attention to the affairs
of the borough in the interim.

Later in the day Commissioner McAdoo
said that he had no idea as to who would
succeed Haggerty. The new deputy, he
said, will be a Brooklyn man and a man of
Mr. McAdoo’s own choice. The Commis-
sioner was reminded of the fact that he
had two vacant commissionerships., Asked
if he could tell who would get either job,
he raid:

“Frankly, I haven't any idea yet. They
will be men of my own choosing. The first
requisite will be ability to assist me in
running the Police Department as against
friendship or politics. They will be the
best men I can get.”

First Deputy McAvoy had a long con-
ference with Mr. McAdoo yesterday after-
noon and came out of the office oer ne:
There is a rumor around Police Head-
quarters that he is to resign. Mr. McAdoo
was asked about this and said:

“I have not asked for Mr. McAvoy's
resignation and don’t contemplate doing 80.”

ANTI-GRUBER MAN LOSES.

Bostwick Elected President of West Side
Republican Club.
Assemblyman Charles F. Bostwick of
the Nineteenth Assembly district was elected
president of the West Side Republican Club

last night, by a vote of 187 to 44, defeating
Hector M. Hitchings, who is trying to oust

 

| Abe Gruber from the leadership of the

Twenty-first Assembly district.

The polls were open from 7 o'clock until
10. Abe Gruber went in early, voted for
Bestwick and got away.

“It is a club fight without any political
fignificance whatever,” said Lemuel E,
Quigg before the result was known.

“Hitchings’s victory or defeat to-night
won't help or hurt him a bit in his fight
against Gruber for the Twenty-first district.”

Some time last year when the young
men in the club wanted an appropriation
© for an entertainment, Hitchings,

' who was a member of the executive com-

mittee, wouldn't let them have it, so they
decided that he wasn’t the right man for
president. That was the club's explanation
last night of its little fight,

Still, Abe Gruber was pleased,

 

 

 

Major Case Wants to Go onthe Retired List.

Major David Kendall Case, inspector on
the staff of Gen. James MoLeer, Second
Brigade, N. G. N. Y., Brooklyn, has
made application to be withdrawn from
the service and placed on the retired list.
He has served twenty-two years in the
National Guard. He was PGE of the
Twenty-third Regiment when he got his
staff appointment, in 1901.

Court Calendars This Day.

Appellate Division—Supreme Court.—Nos. 83, 83,

52, 69, 87, 90, 91, G2, 93, 94, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107.
Supreme Court—Spectal Term.—Part 1.—Motion

calendar called at 10:30 A. M._ Part 11.—Ex parte

matters. Part Ill.—Clear. Motions. Preferred
causes— No. 4786. General calendar. Nos. 8756,
3148, 1585, 4048, 4057, 3873, 3196, 2357, 619, 2052,

2780. Divoree calendar called at
é M. Part IV.—Case unfinished» Cases

from Part III. Part V.—Adjourned for the term.
VI.—Case unfinished, Elevated  Rallroad
cases, Nos, 1151, 3636, 4862, 577, 3404, 1034. Trial
Terin—Part 11.—Clear. Short causes—Nos. 12474,
14001, 14336, 14876, 14755, 13002, 14498, 14315, 14202.
Part I1l.—Clear. Nos. , 5267, 5260, 5271, 5284,
5293, 6028, 4076, 5205, 5314, 6321, 5337, 5842, 5346, 6351,
4221, 4811, 5208, 5300, 5361, 5362, 6386, 5888, 5395, 4785,
406, 5418, 5420, 5426, 4530. 5489,

art 1V.—Clear,

676, 3338, 3358,
10:15 A.

Part

4437, 5042, 11508, 14385, 5:
5473, 6486, 5402, 5507, 5243. I

from Part Ill. Part V.—Oase unfinished. Cases |
from Part 11], Part VI.—Case unfinished. Cases
from Part IL], Part VII.—Case unfinished. Cases
from Part iil, Part VIII,—Case unfinished. Nos

5292, 5205, 5207, 3010, 14382, 5405, 79, 4655, 5147,

6148, 5206, 5287, 6278, 5518, 5576, 5583, 4807, 18787, 13200, |
8

3618'4, 5274, 5200, G281, S201, 5528, 5563, 5226, 6248,
4810, 4805, 9613, 4062, 4000, 14410, 14809, 14910, 5015;
6045, 5127, 6145, 6558. Part IX. and XI.—Adjourned
until Monday, March 21, 1004. Part X.—Case un-
finished. Cases from Part VIII, Part XII.—Case
unfinished. Cases from Part VIII. Part XIIJ.—
Adjourned until Thursday, March 17, 1904.

Surrogates’ Court—Chambers.—For probate—
Wills of George W. Dickson, Emma J. Marshall,
Jostph Schriener, Emmaline G. Littell, Rosa Moss,
Laura M. Thorp, Otto Seveeke, Henry J. Desaxe,
Della Schroeder, Alfred W. Newton, at 10:30 A. M:
Anders J. Syogren, Ann Lummis, Martin T. Bowles,
at 2:30 P. M. Trial Term—No day calendar.

Clty Court--Speclal Term.—Court opens at 10
A. M. Motlons. Trial Term—Part 1.—Case un-
finisheds Nos. 2455, 2443, 701719, 1072, 905, 1585
1541, 6060, 2483, 61834, 2458, 2450, 1221. ' Part J1.—
Case untinished. Nos. 20341, 2346, 1064, 1421, 2170,
1159, 2101, 2182, 1232, 760, 174%, 2257, 2184, 11738, 1514,
2162, S45. Part Ill.-Case unfinished. ' Nos, 2408;
2390, 2561, 2847, 2417. 1147, 2415, 2307, 2016, 2857, 2497.
1970, 2606. Part I[V.--Clear. Short causes—Nos.

4065, 7117, 7203, 7259, 7228. 7165, 6570. Part V.—
Case unfinished. Nos. 2201, 2567, 2569, 2570, 2571,
2571%§, 2572, 2678, 2574, 2675, 2676, 2677, 2570, 2590.

 

Court of Appeals Calendar.

ALBANY, March 15.--The Court of Appeals calen-
dar for to-morrow \s; Nos. 138, 172, , 231, $7,
262,,.274 276.

CE

   

    

 

| Hats for Men.

NEW SPRING BLOCKS,
Three Dollars.

| The reward of a thing

done well is accumula-
tive—it lives after the
man. Two generations,
ago aman builded himself
a little hat shop in staid

| old Norwalk. He builded
better than he knew. To-
day, the son of his son,
makes a three dollar hat
which is a little better
than the best.
tain a_ full
of his styles, includin
eleven flat brim effects
for the young fellows ;
not only we but some of
the pseudo-exclusive hat-
ters have one or two of
them, too. They have
the courage to ask Five
Dollars instead of Three.

We main-
complement

Saks & Company

Broadway, 33d to 34th Street.

 

 

e .
FIREMAN KELLY FUND, $&1,281.

Money Will Be Sent From Baltimore to
Mayor McClellan.

BALTIMORE, March 15—Mayor MoLane
will send to Mayor McClellan of New York
the money received here for the relief of
Fireman Kelly’s family. The amount is
$1,281.50.

Mayor McLane to-day received . the fol-
lowing letter from Mayor McClellan:

I have the honor to acknowledge your lette:
of March 9, notifying me of the fund collecte
in the city of Baltimore for the relief of Mrs.
Mark Kelly. If I can of service to you
in transmitting the fund to Mrs, Kelly in the
name of the city of Baltimore, please com-
Mand me, +:

Let me assure you of the apprectation of
our citizens of the very generous spirit dis-
played by the city of Baltimore in this charity.

GroncE B. MOCLELLAN, Mayor,

 

°
Miss Leary to Move Up Fifth Avenue.

Miss Anne Leary, according to an an-
nouncement made yesterday by reaity
brokers who said they spoks with authority,
is about to purchase Mrs. 5, M. Roosevelt's’
house at 1032 Fifth avenue. It_is. 20x125
feet in size. Miss Leary now léases’ the
house at 3 Fifth avenue. A story that Mrs.
Hetty Green was associated with Miss
Leary in the purchase was laughed at:

ey

KN
HUORS

Complete External
and Internal
Treatment

ONE DOLLAR

Consisting of warm baths with

to cleanse the skin of crusts
and scales, and soften the
thickened cuticle, gentle ap-
plications of CUTICURA
OINTMENT to instantly
allay itching, irritation, and
inflammation, and soothe and
heal, and mild doses of CUTI-
CURA PILLS to cool and
cleanse the blood. A SINGLE
SET, costing but ONE
‘DOLLAR, is often sufficient
to cure the most torturing,
disfiguring skin, scalp, and
blood humors, eczemas,
rashes, itchings, and irrita-
tions, with loss of hair, from

infancy to age, when all e
fails.

Bold thi out the world. Cutt: teen!
n forms of £ Eat foated Palla, Boe. eect ae
” a . : don, <7 ater.
house Re. Petts. Rive de ta Fair Rowton, 19 Chistes
Potter om. ve he
« “Gar bend tor" Caucus this Bock: Sree

 

>

‘i

ee ee

Ane
f

ee

eacuactiaaceertt

Bie eee

of Aah ree te

ee