setemmansee tar entrees cain AOS OS id All iste BNL a a

    

 

RURAL CARRIERS’ SIDE. LINES

 

SELL

 

Country storekeepers and Mail Order
Houses Complain—Carriers Doing a
Hig Peddiing Business—One Iowa Man
Has Three Large Wagons in His Train.

WasiinaTon, March 15.—As soon as
Postmaster ieneral Payne is able to resume
hia duties at the Post Office Department
he intends to take active steps toward
securing much needed legislation for the
rural free delivery service,

Hundreds of complaints are pouring into
the Department protesting against rural

 

FEDERAL 8-HOUR BILL HEARING

Opponents Eager to Disouss the Measure
—Labor’s Demands Unmasked.

Wasminaton, March 15. — Senator
McComas, chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, hoped to
close the hearings on the eight-hour bill
to-morrow, but owing to the great pressure
brought to bear on the committee by the
opponents of the bill the committee will

from day to day until further notice.

Daniel Davenport of Bridgeport, Conn,,
began an argument this morning before the
Senate Committee, and at the adjourn-
ment of the session, at the unanimous re-
quest of the members of the committee’
Mr. Davenport agreed to continue his dis-
cussion at a future date, probably on Thurs-
day. Mr. Davenport is the executive

  

 

 

 

   
  

' ACCEPT NEW CARNEGIE OFFER

 

UNION
AN ASSURED FACT.

 

Civil Engineers Won't Be in It, but the Rest

Will Have a 61,500,000 U Home
—Will Be Twelve Stories Micra

Engineers’ Club is to Be a Part of It,
With the exception of the American

Society of Civil Engineers, all the national
engineering societies and the Engineers’
Club of New York, are now to be housed in
a home of their own in this city, the gift of

Andrew Carnegie.

Mr. Carnegie's original plan was to erect
a building to cost approximately $1,000,000,

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1904. .

   
 
  
 
   
  
 

ENGINEERING BUILDING

POM AA PORT

RWGRE einer ene b ye neat rt

PUBLICATIONS. |

 

New York Clergymen regard THE YOKE as
/ one of the greatest novels.
Rev. J. ROSS STEVENSON, Fifth

   

BUFFALO LITHIAWATER

No Remedy of Ordinary Merit Could Ever
Have Received Indorsations from
Men Like These.

Alfred L. Loomis, M, O., former Prof.
Pathology ana. the Bt acitoe oy gamer Prop.

edical Dept. of the University of New York,’ .

8 el O. L. Potter, A.M., M D, ay?
P= P,, London, Proj. of the rincl= any
ples and Practice of Medicine A Clinical» '"'
Medicine in the. College of Physicians and
Surgeons, San Francisco.

Dr. William H. Drummond, Professor
Mee Se BE mmong Univerele,

In
Brighi’s Disease
and

   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 

Rey. peer r FREEMAN ELDER,

free delivery carriers being permitted to on a plot of ground in West Thirty-ninth D. D., formerly of Calvary Baptist ‘Avenue Presbyterian Church, N.Y. Montreal, Canada,

agent of the American Anti-Boycott Asso-

Albuminuria

. / hing under the aun. | ojati t, be h and Sixth Chureh, Albany, N. ¥., now of | It gives a most vivid and instructive
act as age nts for everyt ciation. street, between Fifth an avenues. New Yorke city” Sives 6 mine a net ¥8
Ever since Congress authorized the carriers “Those great interestafor which I assume | In this building were to be the headquarters The Yoke \s full of well-sustained yp at the time pf, ine. bondage, oot ae . on 4 ork ‘of i Or Heete
on rurul routes to do a general express | here to speak,” said Mr. Davenport, “are | of the American Society of Civil Engineers, interest. Asa love story it ts refined; | 1 regard It as a splendid plece of work of ’

President Board of Pharmacy, New York City,
RESrNAG ’ Physician Corporation Counsel,
etc.

professor Meters Wedea'aht' Therepeues
e

and predict for It great success.

Rev. JAMES L, MEAGHER, Pres!-
dent of the Catholic Christian
Press Association Publishing Com-
pany, New York Clty.

Last spring I wandered over the Nile
land ahd saw most of

wi

beautiful English, the author of The

Yoke has laid her scenes, and I can

testify that the descriptions are ac-

curate. | hope T7'he Yoke will have

4 large sale.

Rev. H. ALLEN TUPPER, D. D.
Fifteenth Street Baptist Church,
Brooklyn, N. Y.:

The Yoke takes holdof me. Itshows

4 knowledge of Egyptlan lore and life

while its discriminating use of Ribil-

cal incidents and characters \s reverent,

consistent and illuminating. The Yoke
will take bigh rank in fiction of its
class.

Kev. DAVID JAMES BURRELI
the Marble Collegiate Reformed
Chureh, New York City.

It is a@ good story; well written, In-
teresting, and of historical value.
Rev. MORGAN DIX, D.D,, D.C.L,,

Rector of Trinity Ghurch, N.Y.

The Yoke should be very interesting
to the class of readers who like the
Bible hbistorics presented in novel
form. The style 1s clear and good,
and the writer seems to be thoroughly

the Institute of Mining Engineers, the In-
stitute of Mechanical Engineers, the Insti-
tute of Electrical Engineers and the Engin-
eers’ Club.

The first Carnegie plan was that five
organizations should accept the building
and repay him for the $500,000 or more he
had invested in land. This offer the Civil
Engineers, by a vote of 1,134 to 662, rejected.

Mr. Carnegie has now renewed his offer
to the other organizations with somewhat
more liberal provisions. They had al-

t business the complaints have poured in.
There has been a change in the tone of
the complaints, Formerly all the protests
came from the country storekeepers, who
3 said that the rural carriers were acting
as agents for big mail order concerns of
the country and that their business was
being ruined in consequence. Lately com-
plaints have been received from the mail
order concerns themselves, because the
carriers have gone into business on their

alarmed that a movement of this character
has already obtained such great dimen-
sions in America,”

Mr. Davenport warned the committee
that should this bill become a law the labor
leaders would make further demands.
There is no stop short of the exercise of
the absolute power,” said Mr. Davenport.
“They are teaching widespread Warsenrd
of the rights of others, equally entitled
with themselves to the protection of so-
ciety, and they are teaching widespread
disregard and disrespect for law.”

The witness pointed out that by this

Pregnancy

ateria
ico-Chirurgical College, Philadelphia.

Dr. A. Gabriel Pouchet
Pharmacology and Materta
Faculty of Medicine, Paris,

- Wd . P
M red cunt, ts5 kanehard, ee
Jas. K. Crook, A.M.,M,0., Professor

Professor of
edica of the

In
Stone in the Blad-

My tn-

own hook, leaving both the country store-
keeper and the mail order houses in the
a annual report Mr. Payne made
a radical recommendation that escaped
general notice. He said that if rural car-
riers “are to be permitted to do an express
package business, then the entire system
of compensation should be changed to the
contract system, the same as the star route

arvice.
**The fact that Mr. Payne recommended
that a large proportion of 16,000 men be

legislation Congress proposed to say to
the workingman:

“You shall not work more than eight
hours a day.”

The friends of the bill, he said, recog-
nized the unconstitutionality of See
to do this directly, and therefore sought to
do it indirectly, He had never heard any
one but labor leaders favor the restriction
of a man's Dane to work. He also brought
out the difficulty of enforcing the provisions
of the bill.

“Do you mean to say,” asked Senator
Stone, “that under this bill the contractors

ready accepted his first proposal, and of
course have acceded to the new plan which

was contained in this letter dated March 14:

Gentlemen of the Mechanical Engineers; In-
Institute of
Club of

stitule of Mining Engineers;
Electrical Engineers; Engineers’
New York:

It will give me great pleasure to devote,
6ay, one and ahalf million of dollars for the
erection of a suitable Union Home for you
With best wishes,

all in New York city.
truly yours, ANDREW CARNEGIE.

 
  
 
 
   
   
  

acquainted with Egyptology.

terest has been so awakened that I

purpose to read it again when leisure

can be found for that purpose.

Rey. ARTHUR JUDSON BROWN,
Secreta of the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions, 15¢
Fifth Avenue, New York City.

The author's Rachel Is a type of

the purest noblest Womanhood, Her
Kenkenes |s an ideal lover and hero,
and her Moses and Miriam are worthily
majestic, colossal in mien and char-
acter. ‘The book, while of course
one of fiction In many of its details,
is In its larger meanings both a his-
tory and a commentary.

that ts truly remarkable. It should
be one of the great successes of the
season. )
Rev. CHARLES AUGUSTUS STOD-
DARD, D. D., Editor of “The
New York Observer,” Vice-Preai-
dent of the American Tract So-
clety, Author of “Spanish Cities.”
“Beyond the Rockies,” etc., N.Y.
1 have read The Yoke carefully and
with interest. The scenery and mon-
uments of Egypt, its climate and Peps
ple are accurately described. he
Story {is dramatic, and moves with
steadily Increasing interest toward a
real climax.

Rev, DONALD SAGE MACKAY.

Clinical Medicine and Clinical Diagnosis, New
York Post-Graduate Medical School.

Louis C. Horn, M. D., Ph.D., Profes-
sor Diseases of Children and sss stolen,
Baltimore University. ‘

Or. J. Allison Hodges, President and
Professor Nervous a Mental Diseases,
University College of Medicine, Richmond, Va.

der, Renal Calcul
and
Inflammation of
the Bladder.

Prof. Giuseppe Lapponi. Physician to
the late Pope Lee xin’ Pad Wee hysician
to Pope Pius X, Member of the Academy of

Rev. HOWARD AGNEW JORNS-
TON, Madison Avenue Presby-
terlan Church, New York.

There are distinctive attractions
about The Yoke to the discriminating
reader. The scene traverses an un-
trodden territory, bringinz the fascl-
nation of the anclent empires of the

Collegiate Reformed Church, N.Y.
In_the light of recent discoveries
in Egyptology, {t will undoubtedly
appeal to a large circle of Intelligent
people. The Bible student will turn
to thé story of the Exodus with fresh
Interest and added knowledge after
reading this romance.

Rey. Dr. J. LEWIS PARKS, Rector

thrown out of employment, technically at
Jaast, shows just how serious he considers
the situation to be. At present carriers
all over the country are acting as agents
for every known article and commodity.
They sell provisions, dry goods, furniture,
horseshoes, farming implements, fertilizer,

Under the new plan a twelve story “Union
Engineering Building” will be put up with
a frontage of 125 feet on the north side of
Weat Thirty-ninth street on the five city
lots bought for the purpose by Mr, Carnegie.
Behind it, and fronting on West Fortieth

will be liable to penalties for work done by
sub-contractors working more than eight
hours a day?”

“Why, certainly,” replied Mr. Dayen-
port. “That is what the bill is for. You
put the contractor between the upper and
nether millstones.”

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  

Medicine of Rome, etc.
Dr. Robert Bartholow, M.A. -D.
Prof. Materia Medica and General ete Pe

tics, Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia.
Dr. |. N. Love, New York City, Former

In Gout,
Rheumatism and

Pharaohs into the influential sphere

chocolate caramels and tar roofing; take Judge J. K. McCammon, representing | street, will bethenew home of the Engineers’ of historic fiction. The plot ts su- of Calvary Chureh, New York Professor Diseases of Children, College of
iptions for newspapers, magazines ; : ft HAEEeT Ne AtinGapHeralct the book Tha’ d The Yoke'wt i ‘ 8 fa Adee ;
eee Ti vasement DUtektal insure: LY6A the Cramp shipyards of Philadelphia Club, for which they already have acquired Biutes roving: that tis mat neces The aoryaia Of andoanea thiatont Ur ic kid Collage ct ore Rae ah ONG Hh arion Sima
, St. |

and the Carnegie Steel Company of Pitts-
burg, suggested to the committee the ad-
visability of obtaining a full report from
the Secretary of Commerce and Labor,
as to the probable effect of such legislation
and other information on the subject be-
fore action should be taken on the bill.

and the authoress has succeeded in
an unusual degree in making the far
Egyptian past lifelike.

sary to drag In the sensual in order
to attract readers; for this book will
attract them.

the land. This clubhouse will be lighted
and heated from the union building and
practically will be part of it.

It is Mr. Carnegie’s idea that ultimately
the engineering societies will repay to him
the $517,000 whichhe spent for the West

and houses, erect lightning rods and put
down driven wells.

One storekeeper in lowa, where the rural
routes are so thick that a map of them
makes the State look like a huge spider's
web, wrote to inform the Postmaster-
General that the rural carrier in his neigh-

Hunter McGuire. M.D., LL.O., Ez
President American Medical Association, Late
President and Professor Clinical Surgery,
University College of Medicine, Richmond, Va,

Dr. Alexander B. Mott, of New York, .
Professor of Surgery, Bellevue Hospital Medi-

Conditions,

   
 
 
 

 

a eight months was therefore $396,806,401 > . la . t for the use of the owner and | It wasa rattling good fight from start to finish,
Against $901,206,303 for the same months of | Prejudige of goad order end discipline, in| te Vote on Wood's Nomination Soon. | his chests Mr. Brokaw will enter the boat | and the decision of the referee was heartily asine oF Cet Be Somaed otsnre
‘he previous fiscal year. . magesine on Iona Island in the Hudson WasHInoton, March 15.—The Senate | in all the races he can. cheered by the large crowd present.

 

borhood had made him close up because
he could not compete with “a general store
on wheels and TAR TInE in three sections.
According to his letter the carrier in
question went out on his route, followed
by three wagons, containing everything
that would likely be needed in a farm-
house on short notice. “Sometimes he
even forgets to take the mail along, he's
so busy.” the storekeeper complained,
“and I am thinking about moving into
another county and getting a routé myself
so as to make a living.”
Postmaster-General Payne would like
to see legislation at the pressent session’ of
Congress increasing the pay of rural car-
riers from $60) to $750 a year and prohibiting
them from acting as express agents or doing
anything else not in line with the duties
now prescribed for regular city mail car-

iers. At present it looks very much as if ? / C
Con ress Sad not pay much attention | occasion to discuss the labor laws of New TO MANDAMUS A JUDGE accepting the 5 per ee reduction proposed former bantam champion, isto meet Jordan
to the Postmaster-General’s desires and | York and to make reference to the various oe ae : by the operators at the recent convention. | instead. Al Lippe of Chicago, who is well

that the rural carriers would be permitted
to sell everything from beef on the hoof
to rye in the bottle.

NO DETAIL FOR COL.

 

SYMONS.

 

‘

use Let Serv Ode i ith majorit are asked in the Supreme Court by the r
ne won't oe sen oer? " or fence z a dissenting pit, wars Government in the then of a petition for “The miners by their referendum vote | can's début in England. The date set is
Barge Canal Board. favorable Snag: i - to-day will accept the compromise offered | Derby night, which usually marks the closing
ve to file a writ of mandamus directed rators,” said John Mitchell, Presi- | °f, the boxing season in London.

WasHINGTON, March 15,—Odell’s propo-
sition te have Col. T. W. Symons of the En-
gineer Corps of the army, and now Super-
{intendent of Public Buildings and Grouncs
in Washington, made a member of the ad-
visory board of the New York commission
to build the barge canal was to-day turned
down by the House Committee on Military
Affairs by a vote of five to four. The joint
resolution to enable Col. Symons to act in
that capacity has already d the Senate,

Cee e a nn er reser eerr e ssissSSsSsS ShnSS S sS SSS S + - SD

GOT IN A BOOST FOR PARKER.

Congressman Fitzgerald Speaks in the
House on the Judge's Labor Decisions.

WASHINGTON, March 15.—By an droit
speech in the House to-day Representative
Fitzgerald (Dem., N. Y.) gave an impetus
to the Parker Presidential boom. He men-
tioned no name in connection with the
Presidency, but it was quite apparent that
his purpose was to place Judge Parker's
record on the labor question before the
House in a favorable light and to show
him as much the friend of the workingman
as acertain other New York candidate.

The Post Office Appropriation bill was
under consideration. Mr. Fitzgerald k

test cases which had been brought in the
courts under the act of the Legislature
of 1897. He then proceeded to show that
Judge Parker's decisions in each of the
various cases to which he referred, whether

Speaking of the law of 1897, Mr. Fitz-
gerald discussed that part of the act relatin,
to the “prevailing rate of wages,” whic
the’ Appellate Court had held in to
be unconstitutional. He then called atten-
tion to the dissenting opinion by Judge.
Parker and showed that the United States
Supreme Court had “followed Parker” in
his opinion. Next he discussed the dressed
stone law, and again incidentally referred
to the dissenting opinion found in appendix
so and 60 by “Parker, J.”

Thirty-ninth street lots, but the ground has
already been turned over to the societies.
It is expected that work will be begun
on the main building this summer and that
it will be completed in 1906. The building
will have four or five auditoriums, the chief
of which will seat 1,200 or 1,500 persons.
Ample provisions will be made also for the
societies’ libraries, and it is hoped that
arrangements can be made for cooperation
with the New York public library near by.
The Engineers’ Club now has a member-
ship of about 1,200, while the three national
societies interested number about 9,000
men. Other technical societies, with a
combined membership of about 5,000, are
seeking quarters in the new building.

  
   
   
   
   
 

Unusual Case in the Supreme Court Over
the Exclusion of Three Chinese.
WaSHINGTON, March 15.—Unusual pro-
ceedings against a United States Judge

against Judge Wing of the Federal Court
‘for the Northern District of Ohio to compel
him to file the papers in three Chinese ex-
clusion cases which he directed his clerk
not to file, thereby preventing an appeal
by the Government.

Such action by aJudgeisunusual. Three
Chinese laborers arrested in Ohio without

certificates of residence were Brouent
before guides Wing for an order for de-
e

THE YOKE

A romance of the days when the Lord redeemed
the Children of Iisraei from the bondage of Egypt.

    

The Bobbs-Merrill Company. Publishers.

NO SOFT COAL STRIKE,

Say the Head Miners After Reports of
Yesterday’s Vote Come In.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 15.—The soft
coal mines of Indiana were closed this after-
noon, and practically all of the miners cast
their votes on the question of striking or

 

FORBES GOING TO ENGLAND.

Matched to Meet Ben Jordan in Place of
Joe Bernstein.

The proposed match between Joe Bern-
stein and Ben Jordan, which was to have
taken place in London in June, has been de-
clared off. According to a letter received
in this city from England, Harry Forbes, the

The reduction was rejected at that time. | known in the West as a backer of fighters,
In many of the districts the secretaries | has practically arranged for Forbes's ap-

of the locals refused to give out the vote, | pearance abroad. Lippe, who is now in Lon-

servatives have won in Indiana and that | wants to have Forbes meet Jordan, and that

the vote is against a strike. everything has been arranged for the Ameri-

by theo
dent of the United Mine Workers of America.
This statement was issued to-night after
several reports of the vote had come in.
“While the miners seriously object to
binding themselves to a two year contract,
I believe they will do this before they will
lay aside their picks. The miners do not
want a strike to come. At this juncture
the wisest action is to accept the operators’
terms.” This is the situation as expressed
by another leader of the Mine Workers.
Pirtspurac, March 15.—“Less than 5

There was a lot of talk a few years ago of
Forbes visiting England. He was the pre-
mier bantam at the time, but gomehow his
trip was delayed. Since then Forbes has
taken on a lot of weight and cannot reduce
below, 139 pounds, no matter how hard he

y try.

Lippe has already posted a forfeit for
Forbes's appearance In the ring and the papers
have been signed.
ceives his expense mone
The
match with Jordan are that the men must
weigh in at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the

As soon as Forbes re-
he will sail for the

other side. conditions of Forbes'’s

   

cal College, Surgeon Bellevue Hospital.

fi POPE Let telling what these and many other of ene adie mace pen of .
t y n the treatment o e868
of ae value o¢ BUFFALO LITHIA WATER diseases sent to any address.

is f le by th d d mineral
BUFFALO LITHIA WATER Water trade’ "° Sonereb OU6 and mine

PROPRIETOR GUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS, VIRGINIA.

 

It is quality that has made, the
name Lemaire famous. See that this
name, spelled L-E-M-A-I-R-E (as
above), is on the end and around
the eye piece of every Opera and
Field Glass you buy; otherwise you

will buy worthless imitations.
For sale by ali responsible dealers.

Wonderful how cheap com- °
' forts are nowadays. :

Until lately the man whose-~:
neck-measure lay anywhere be- | *
tween the conventional half-inch: .-
collar sizes—but who neverthe-

  

 

but the adverse action of the House com- In the convict labor ieace Roots case | portation. dismissed the complaint on 5 in the | Combat at 122 pounds. They will box fifteen ae s
i becoming law. ain he referred to a dissen opinion | the ground that the law authorizing the r cent. of the 20,000 votes cast in the | three-minute rounds for the club's purse and ; oy
mthe Tepencn hed the indorsement in another pendix “by Parker, J." P After deportation Hs Chinese re repugnant to Et anche the ( eeay oR ee. : ver Pt a big side bet. EDDIE HANLON IN FORM. ee seu es Bila; fortable,
of the War Department and the approval | discussing the “reports of organized labor” | the Constitution in that under it a person rm ; is a- eer ae properly ing collars, was
rs Fi aq i .| tors are against the proposition,” said Billtards Crack Little California Pugilist Ready to .
of the President, but the committee, not- | from a strictly legal standpoint, Mr. Fitz- | other than a Chinese citizen might be do- | RUN it" Bit ee losnight. save a Ne - forced to have collars made to

withstanding, refused to report it favor-
ably. Col. Symons now draws a salary
of $3,000, but if allowed to become a member
of the New York Commission his compensa-
tion would be increased to $11,500 annually.
The House oommittee believes that it
would be establishing a bad precedent to

erald mentioned a dissenting opinion by

une Parker and said:

“He lays down in most comprehensive
terms the rule that members of r unions
have not only the right to refuse to work
with others, but it does not affect their
right because the reason given does not

rted without the due process guaranteed
by the Constitution might, in fact, be ban-
ished from his own country.

Therefore yuene Wing set the laborers
free. He then directed the clerk of the
court not to file the papers in the case.
Without those documents the Government

Dr. W. G. Douglas last night defeated L. A.
Servatius in the final game of the playoff
of the triple tie for third prize in the ama-

teur handic p 14-inch balk line tournament
This gives the

CosHocton, Ohio, March 15.—The miners
at Morgan Run have accepted the opera-
tors’ terms by a large majority.

Sprino VALLEY, Ill, March 15.—This
is the home of John Mitchell, but 90 per
cent. of the miners have spurned his advice
Mitchell was denounced

'
but enough is known to show that the con- don, writes that the Nationul Sporting Club

at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
prize to Douglas,
Douglas (300)—1, 21, 2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 7, 1, 6, 8, 2, 0,

Eddie Hanlon of San Francisco, who was
failed as the coming featherweight cham-
pion until Young Corbett knocked him out
is in town.
Harlem.
company with his brother Dan and Harry

order at extravagant prices.
_ All that’s changed.

“Cluett” collars at a: quarter
each and the ‘‘Arrow”’ brand at

Hanlon is stopping at a hotel in
He got here yesterday morning in

a

allow an army officer, while holding his | neem adequate to other people, so long as | was unable to appeal these cases. The against a strike. ; 0, 1, 26, 0, 2, 0, 13, 6, 8, 6, 8, 16, 8, 0,0, 4, 2, 1,0; M
n * i der ad t. not so much for his position advocating | 6; 7: 6, 5, i, 8, 12, 6, 0, 6, $6, 13, 6,1, 0, 8,19, 0/0, | Foley of San Francisco. Hanlon has been
commission on the active list, to engage | the object to be attained is a legal one. Court took the motion under advisemen 0, 0, 2,8, 2, 1, 86. ‘Total, 300. “ Average, &5-69. High | in the East for over a month, but this isthe two for a quarter, are both made

in civil employment.

Th h was accepted generally as a

e
rt of the

Since Judge Wing's action the Piece
Court has aired the validity of the ex-

the acceptance of a reduction as for the wo bn tS
9 rn i runs, . 5 \.
two year clause in the agreement contract. Servailus (250)—1, 1,

1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 4, 0, 2,

first time he has been in New York. He

in quarter sizes—the newest

ing d ot Ba uti 1 is f d in th Tact F ald did t th N Y rk lusi t. Sf 1, 8, 0, 1, 7, 0, 7, 21, 7, 6, 6, 3, 2, 8, 9, 1,8, 5, 82,0, | fought at Philadelphia a few weeks ago. and
ng do solution oun e not mention the New Yo clusion ac » 8, 0, 1, 7, 0, 7, 21, 7, 6, 6, 8, 2, 8, 9, . . 0, ee t
& the re: it itzger: 0, 0, 8, 18, 6, 4, 4, 8, 1, 2, 4, 6, 0, 0, 6, 0, 6, 1,6 made a fine impression. Hanlon expects shapes oO.

that the army is already short of engineers.
The committee does not think that the War
Department is consistent in requesting an
increase of men for river and harbor work

jurist in any way other than his judicial
capacity.

OFFICE FOR CORPORAL TANNER.

 

 

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.
WasHiInoton, March 15.—The battle-

A LA CARTE OR TABLE D'HOTE? poral. 2. Sigh

8, 17, 0, 8, 2. Average, 3 55-50.
runs, 32, 21, 18.
Two games were played in the 14-inch balk

Yale Students Will Eat to an Answer to
line tournainent to decide the champion-

the Question.

to remain here a fortnight.
fight anybody who cares to meet him, but
does not intend’ to go out of his way very
much to secure a bout.

He is ready to Thus passes another exclusive

comfort of the rich.

Alabama, Missouri and r the i : veaterday
and public improvements and at the same ships Kearsarge, ’ a , ship of the Amateur Billiard Club yesterday Breaking moti ninclate nent. witha Ta ri ”
time recommending that one of the best | Roosevelt Names Him for Register of Wills | Massachusetts arrived at Pensacola yester- New Haven, March 15.—Owing to the | aera wend, ave ning. ae Ge eiernoon CorpeteuHnnloniaaidtes Gasbane iavioa rtainiy We've also collared a

dissatisfaction over the present table

hter. There is no doubt of it.

mighty good lot of spring ideas

and most efficient engineers be permitted in Washington—L. A. Dent Shelved. day for target practice. contested. Dr. Douglas won the game by | & great fi
to undertake private work. The battleship Kentucky, flagship of | d'héte system that prevails in the Yalv | 82 points, the score being 260 to 168. He also But t would like to fight him again, I have; . ‘ eee :
a WASHINGTON Maroh 15.—President , 3 , wn strongér sinc last ti d
: gum, stronger since our jast mesting and in clothing, furnishings, hats and

ADMIRAL O'NEIL RETIRES.

Leaves the Ordnance Bureau and Will Go
Abroad to Study Armor Making.

WASHINGTON, March 15.—Rear Admiral
Charles O'Neil, Chief of the Bureau of Orde
Nance, celebrated his sixty-second birth-
day to-day. In accordance with law he
was placed on the retired list for age
and relinquished control of the Ordnance

ureau,

Rear Admiral George W. Converse, the
Chief of the Equipment Bureau, su ed
Admiral O'Neil as Chief of Ordnance and
was in turn succeeded by Capt. Henry N.
Manney, who will have the rank and pay of
& Rear Admiral while at the head of the
Equipment Bureau.

 

Roosevelt sent to the Senate to-day the
nomination of James Tanner, popularly
known as “Corporal” Tanner, to be Register
of Wills for the District of Columbia. This
appointment has been expected for a long
time, but there was opposition to it by
persons representing certain trust com-
panies and large estates in Washington.
Mr. Tanner will succeed Louis A. Dent,
who was appointed by President McKinley
four years ago, The nomination of Mr.
Dent to be Consul of the United States at
Dawson, Yukon Territory, was sent to the
Senate this afternoon. Early in the winter,
soon after the death of Gen. Longstreet,
the Commissioner of Railroads, it was

Rear Admiral Evans, arrived to-day at
Hong Kong, where she will be docked
preparatory to returning home. .

The yacht Mayflower, with Assistant
Secretary of State Loomis and Admiral
Dewey, Rear Admiral Taylor, and other
naval officers aboard left Havana yester-
day for Washington.

he armored cruiser Brooklyn, flagship
of the European etation, arrived yesterday
at San Juan, on her way home.

The gunboat Yankee has arrived at San
Juan and the cruiser Baltimore at Hamp-
ton Roads. The distilling ship Arethusa
has sailed from Guantanamo for Pensacola
and the naval transport Solace from Hono-
lulu for San Francisco.

Surgeon High of the Navy Reduced Ten

 

the best so far in the tourney,

Dr. Muller defeated C. F. Kinsman in the
13 points. The game was
the closest so far played, the score after
48 innings of play being: Miller, 250; Kinsman,
23

hall, announced to-night that a vote would
be taken in a few days by the student ex-
ecutive committee that assists in the man-
agement of th» hall, as to the adoption of
the a la carte system.

The plan will be put in operation right
after the Easter vacation. If it is not
satisfactory the old system will be revived
when Yale opens in September.

evening game by

New York University Baseball Material.

With but a week’s time before the opening
baseball game with Princeton, Capt. McDow-
ell of the New York University team is
working the men hard at indoor practice and
looking for an opportunity to get them on
to the field. Most of the positions are open,
but there is a large number of candidates
and a fair percentage of promising new men.
Among them are Lowther and Lillis, both of
whom are pitching well, and Bassave and
Leonard, who are fighting for second base,

Capt. McDowell will undoubtedly hold his

dining hall, Capt. Smoke, the director of the | made the good average of 6 4-41, which is

 

Brooklyn Yacht Club Dinner,

There was a strong muster of members
of the Brooklyn Yacht Club at its annual
dinner held last night at the Assembly in
Fulton street, and if the good resolutions
adopted are carriedfout the club will have one

of the most prosperous seasons this year
that it has ever seen. though many yachts

 

the lost boats with new ones and do more

him a good tussle.
a hard scrap on his hands when he meets
Jimmy Britt.
a bettin
bout will attract a

clu

for him to meet Jabez White, the English

lightweight. )
the Pacific Coast with Jim Jeffries and Billy

Delaney when they leave, about the Ist of
pril.

Irvin Long last night defeated Thomas
Burne in the professional pool tournament
at the Broadway Billiard Academy. This
victory ties Long and Maturo for first pla
in the tourney, which will end to-morrow. se

Long—12, 7, 7, 2, 15, 9, 0, 0, 18, 4, 15, 8, 9, 18, 10.

shoes.
Man and boy.

Rogers, Peet & Company.
258 Broadway, pnoaite City Hall,

and 7 and ® Warren St.
842 Broadway, cor. 18th,

and 140 to 148 4th Ave.

1200 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 Wost 33d St.

JUST

I think that Corbett has

lt is an even money thing from

standpoint and in my opinion the
eat crowd.

nlon muy visit England next fall. A

on the other side has offered a tidy sum

Hanlon intends to return to We all orders
by mail.

 

Pool.

 

—

TRY IT

yourself—your friends

iral O'Nei ¥ i were lost during the severe storms this winter, | last year's position behind the bat, and Reilley y
pricier) o Nellans Castelo cn the rag: | proposed to appoint Corporal Tenner fo From ete saatane Bure | eee eh Meerut eck ond ene | He eajning & apend and control in Wis pitcRIng | Meera @ 6 18,05, 18. 14,2108 8 1 WE prefer t=
; ne e the yw . whic f i , 8, 8, 13, O, 5, 18, 14, , 0, 6, 5 1,
e 1 WASHINGTON, h 15. istant Sur- | thusiasm @ tine ° Shido: nore base is undecided, but Simmons, captain of | Total, 92.

Admiral, junior class, while Chief of Ord-
Dance, For his service in the civil war,
having been one of theaurvivora of the Cum-
berland, he was retired with the rank of Rear
Admiral, senior class, corresponding to a

Ajor-Generul in the army. choi ' other positions men will be selected with an

Adiniral O'Neil i pec o}ce. “scandalous conduct tending to ithe de-| R. J. Field, Dr. J. A. Voorhees, Commodore A: . pos! > score of 100 to 42. This is the eighth -
mimion for the New” Deratiaane ite Ae nner wren Soleeriy, Commeoner struction of good morals” (alcoholism) | C. Bellows, Dr. De Mund and FS. Read. were Bye vo CHOW RACERS Boe. secutive victory for Plunkett.
Will investigate the cost of armor plate and dent Harrison upon _ | and acquitted of the charge of “drunken- | simone the ppediaviland, Walter’ Haviland, | 46 Foot Launch for Trenor L. Park,
ordnance matters generally in Europe. missed by Presi Pon com- | regs,” tenced“ to the loess of ten eluded 3. E;, av! and, Walter Baviand,

OUR EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.

Increase of Outgoing Goods and Decrease
of the Incoming—-Balance of Trade Grows.

Wasutnoton, March 15.—The exports of
the United States for the eight months

ended Feb, 20, which aggregated $1,048,-
024,106, were $65,956,049 greater than in the

 

was decided finally not to fill that vacancy.

An office was wanted for Corporal Tanner,
however, and it was proposed to transfer
Mr. Dent, the Register of Wills, to some
other office. Mr. Dent had Hobson's

plaints that he was unfitted to administer
the office. Tanner was severely wounded
in battle in the civil war, both legs being
crushed by the explosion of a shell, and he
was taken prisoner. Ten days after the
battle he was paroled and was carried from
the Confederate headquarters in an am-
bulance. He fought in the battles at York-
town, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, in the
seven days battle before Richmond, and at
Malvern Hill.

geon Warren E. G. High, U. 8. N., recently
tried by general court martial at the naval
training station, Narragansett Bay, Rhode
Island, was found guilty of the charge of

 

sen
numbers in his grade.” The sentence was
approved by the Navy Department to-day.

Nominations by the President.
WasHInaton, March 15.—The President
sent to the Senate to-day the following
nominations:

To be Secretaries of lLegation—Henr
W. Shoemaker of Ohio, at_Lisbon, Portugal;
Nelson O'Shaughnessy of New York, at Co-

 

lust year’s team, will probably make third,
while Dollard is expected to retain his posi-
tion at shortstop, In the fleld Tuthill is the
only man sure of his position. From a large
number of mediocre candidates for the two

racing than ever.

Rear-Commodore A. C. Soper _ presided
and Judge Cornelius Fergueson was the toast-
roaster. Secretary Charles A. Kelly, chair-
man of the regatta committee; D G. Whitlock,

 

Trenor L. Park is having a 45 foot launch
built by the Huntington Manufacturing Com-
pany at New Rochelle, which is to be ready
by May 15. This boat will be 41 feet on the
water line, 10 feet beam and be fitted with
a 70 horse-power automobile engine. It was
designed by EV. Willis and is expected to
have a good turn of apeed. Mr. rk will
use the launch during the summer to tow
his racing yachts Hobo and Mimosa to the
different regattas on the Sound.

r., A.
Wells, W. Newton Bennington, C. H. Humph-
ries, Charles E, Allen, C. Conklin, W. A. Max-
well, A. Donnelly, the Rev. James P. Byrnes
and Thomas J. Moore.

Clifford V. Brokaw’s New Racing Launch.

Clifford V,. Brokaw is having a racing
launch built from designs by Tams, Lemoine &
Crane. The boat is to be 50 feet long and
will be driven by a 150 horse-power engine.
This motor will make 850 revolutions a min- —

 

 

On Monday evening Charles Otis defeated
Thomas Burns by 125 to 95.

the New York Athletic Club last night Th
A. Plunkett defeated y Uamanee Gee

In the championship pool tournament at

Percy Gardner by a

CROW

The Standard of Pure

 

corresponding period last year and ex- —— 3

ceeded “by Se er, eee ror. the une To Go to Jalil for the Iona Island Explosion. OR United States—Louis A, | ute and will welgh 2,009 ounds acne boas Yanger and Herrera Fight a Six Round «6 KATONAH M Undoctored Whiske

citer hand, show a comparative decrease | | WasminaroN, March 18-—Sergt.  Wil- | Bint Gon Yerritoay, Canada’ “< VSY® | Jauand and willbe puch more mubetantil Draw. im ta our feline be

of $26,644,055, with a total of $654,127,705. liam Theodore Brooks of the Marine Corps, | ~''f'¢ be Register of Wille for the District of | than some other boats in this racin CHicaco, March 15.—Benny Yanger and s -
class. The hull will be double planked an Aurelia Herrera fought eix rounds to a draw CLUETT BRAND i

_The balance of trade in favor of the
United States on the foreign trede in the

 

$2,000,000 FOR CAMP SITES.

Provision for Places Where the Regulars
May Rendezvous for Drill.

WasHinaton, March 15.—The House

 

sites sole iy.

who was tried by a court martial at the
Brooklyn navy yard for conduct to the

River, was convicted and sentenced to dis-
m and to imprisonment for one year.

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WaSHINGTON, March 15.—These army orders
have been issued

‘ker, from Cavite to Kentucky.

Columbia—James Tanner of the District of
Columbia,

 

 

long speech by Mr. Blackburn of Kentucky
against the confirmation of Gen. Leonard
Wood to be a Major-General. He declared
that it was impossible upon the evidence
to acquit Gen. Wood of'the charges of

 

in executive session to-day listened to a |.

well braced. Forward there will be accom-

modations for the crew and aft there will be | bast night before the American Athletic Club.

 

 

 

tles only. All dealers.

H. B. KIRK &CO., Sole Bottlers, W. Y.

QUARTER SIZES, 26 CENTS EAGH
CLUETT, PEABODY & CO., :.

f bd ny
on

Roast Beef, Marsrtars:—Two or more ribs or a heavy piece of loin; salt,
pepper, flour, a piping hot oven.

 

Committee on Military Affairs to-day de- {| The first Class of cadets (12% members) at the flagrant and repeated insubordination.
cided the matter of camp sites for army | Military Academy ordered on of abput April 25 | Mr. Teller will ea speech against Gen. ,
mancuvres by authorizing a favorable | for,three days’ instruction in stra tactics. - | Wood's confirmation, and Mr. Foraker e
report on @ committee bill selecting sites Aen, Erancts P. Sivier, Twenty sighth Infante. will reply to both seomes, after which it $
Bol (enetage, Pass Fort grein, Wis; | at Grove City College, Grove Clty, Pa. le expected @ vote will be reached. a e rri n S uce
and Fort Sam Houston, Tex. In’ each | These navy orders have been issued: cus Warned Against Extravagance tn the Post
ease the land to be acquired embraces be- ot Sree easel Tes reek te Office Bill Debate. THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
a provision fer nraiee Os me are Shoe NT Sanney, to duty as Chief of theBurean | WASHINGTON, March 15.—The entire day
| PrOVisio or g Pp . HN. ° - une
( okamatga, - of Zain » + i Pen Sim 2 oe fovea seariivimies Ui Soe Seasoning :—Add to each pint of gravy one tablespoonful of Lea @& Perrins' Sauce. The
for the uRSEee * oe amore wae ra, Washington, end greated az months sick ond then there Saat manbeen cee deities Serine aroma and taste of gravy thus seasoned will add zest to appetite and relish to
alte ee Saat = as paery F7gt, M. 2p, Boceews, rom, vite ones. ceocak Raaretenmbaive inaction tke te 3) the roast. Try it and be convinced, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agente, NEW TORK
ey shall be camp. ; : a Ohio
epoke at length against 5

to
- a.
Jon” 'o 4 wenee we

‘

—~ -d

Caen pendent etre ee

3
|

ia
P|
'
‘
Ht
ie
§