sa operetta ae te A eS TNE

  

   
   

a
4
4a
, ‘ 4] ir
{ § re ¥
EEG 5
Pe § "
yf i oe
4% \
th @
a
By bi : A
ae fe
i ; '
f y a
y ‘ [
By if +
yy .
- R
‘ re ’ ‘
pi
i p
bh
TE ,
4 BY
BE ;
\\ oie
| \ ae
— f
1 i a |
PER 7
ip }
Aa
i 1 }
+P
f i é
re :
RE "
7. dj 4
Ee. ; F

 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1004.

 

 

 

Entered at tho Post Office at New York as Second-
| : Class Mai) Matter,

 

 

Gubscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

) WATLY, Per Month.........cccceeeeereeeee 80 50
| DALY, Per Year....... taitet Nae ivarielete 600
; SUNDAY, Per Year...........:00005 sreereyes 200

DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year..... dereoes 8 00

DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month......++++ 70
Postage to foreign countries added,
Tus Sun, New York City.

 

Pawre—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

—

| If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose,

A Referendum That Would
} Something.
It is generally understood that the
Republican majority in the Legislature
’ intends to enact a law removing to a
, considerable extent the restrictions that
now surround the sale of intoxicants on
Sundays in New York city. It is pro-
, posed to allow “restaurantes” to sell
' liquor to their patrons, and no oppor-
tunity is to be afforded for an expression
of opinion in this community on the
| proposition.
Tf the law is amended in this fashion,
’ the “restaurants” will be turned into
mere drinking places, in which men will
gather in great numbers to spend their
time and their money. Thus will “poor
; men’s clubs” be instituted, to ‘the
gratification of those who believe that
' saloons play a necessary part in the
social life of poor men. This notion of a
{ club is hardly complimentary to the
| organizations from which the name is
borrowed, but that is a small matter.
The really important thing is that a
| majority of the people of New York do
not want these Sunday saloons. They
are wanted only by those who believe it
is better to follow the easy course than
one presenting some difficulties. Let
the. advocates of Sunday saloons sub-
mit their proposition to the people of
the city. Let the women of the com-
munity who have reached the. voting
age—the wives and daughters of the
men for whose benefit these “poor men's
elubs” are to be opened—vote for or
against it, as well as the men themselves.
Their interest is as great as the men’s.
That would be a referendum worth
something, and there is no difficulty in
foretelling the fate of the Sunday saloon
suggestion.

The Bearings of the Decision.

The matter of greatest importance
connected with the decision of the United
States Supreme Court in the Northern
Securities case, handed down on Monday,
ig the bearing of the decision, not upon
the Northern Securities Company itself,
, large as this relation is, but the effect
’ of the decision on corpomations gener-
, ally and on the proper and healthful
, development of the business life of the

' country,
Attentive review of the majority and
. minority opinions in the case, as printed
jin THE Sun yesterday morning, shows
. that the attitude of the court should be
, by no means disquieting to business
‘interests; and that in fact the judgment
_ of the court foreshadows the withdrawal
from the advanced position regarding
the scope of the Anti-Trust law which
i the court had previously assumed. It
is now evident that Justice BREWER, who
cast the deciding vote of the court, in-
stead of dissenting merely from the
language of the majority opinion deliv-
ered by Justice HARLAN, declined to
accede to several of the important prop-
ositions of that opinion. Justice BREWER,
reconsidering the decisions of the Su-
preme Court in the Trans-Missouri
Freight Association, the Joint Traffic
Association, the Addystone Pipe and
Montague Trust cases, intimated that
probably the court had there given to
the Anti-Trust law a construction at opce
too extended and too rigid.

The decision in those cases was that
the Anti-Trust act prohibited ll con-
tracts, reasonable or unrensonable, in
restraint of interstate trade. Justice
BREWFR now considers that that ruling,
in which he then concurred, should have
been that the agreements were there
condemned because they were, as a
matter of fact, in unreasonrble restraint
of interstate trade and that Congress
did not intend by the Anti-Trust law to
réach and destroy minor contracts in
partial restraint of trade which the long
course of decisions at common law had
affrmed were reasonable and ought to
be upheld. Justice BREWER sided with
Justices HARLAN, MCKENNA, Day and
Brown in holding that the Northern Se-
eurities Company was, for reasons pe-
euliar to itself, a combination in restraint
of commerce.

The situation affords ground for the
inférence that if in the present case the
question had been simply one of affirm-
ing previous decisions of the Supreme
Court construing the Anti-Trust law,
those decisions would not have been
followed. The Northern Securities de-
cision clearly was not based upon the
decisions in the previous cases. The
decision is, simply, that the transaction
contemplated by the Northern Securities
Company, as recently suggested by Sir
FREDERICK PoLLock, was illegal, as a
device for evading the operation of the
Anti-Trust law.

The right. of combination among rail-
way interests as construed to date by
the Supreme Court of the United States,
80 far as the Federal law is concerned, is
as follows:

first: Any individual may buy as
many railway stocks as he chooses, pro-
vided the purchase is a bona fide one and
is not accompanied by collusion on the
part of those who sell the stocks to him.

Second: A corporation cannot act in
this regard as an individual can, since a
corporation is a creature of the law and
without inalienable rights and Privileges,
This was decided years ago by the
Supreme Court in the Pearsall case,
when the Great Northern Railway sought
to purchase a controlling interest in the
_ Wortliern- Pacific Railway Company.
SM A’ “holding company*

 

Mean

 

en-

nL a

heel
deavoring to accomplish a Aishinaties

of railway interests confiloting with
interstate commerce competition and
seeking to justify ite existence on the
ground that though it possesses the
power to restrain commerce it does not
actually so restrain it, cannot maintain
iteelf under the law. This is the point
of the Northern Securities decision.

So far as corporations in general are
concerned, the question as to the ille-
gality of combination among them is a
question of fact in each instance, It is
not to be assumed, asheretofore, that any
and all such combinations are in restraint
of interstate commerce. The charac-
ter of every combination is to be ascer-
talned distinctly. and individually, and
not under the arbitrary and all-embrac-
ing rule which has hitherto obtained
that “all contract restraints, reasonable
or unreasonable, imposed by a combina-
tion ,or monopoly upon such trade and
commerce” are within the pale of the
Anti-Trust law. Finally, it is of the ut-
most importance that the construction
of the Anti-Trust law as now determined
limits that law in its application to inter-
state commerce and in no way touches
manufacturing. In other words, the
previous decisions of the Supreme Court
in the Sugar cases, whereby purely
industrial and manufacturing corpor-

ations were held to be not within the,

purview of the Anti-Trust act, when
concerned in such interstate commerce,
still stand.

 

Mr. Smoot and His Friends.

Tardy petitions praying the Senate to
investigate the charges against the Hon.
REED SMoor are still coming in. The
executive Board of the National League
of Women’s Organizations of America has
met in Washington and urged clergymen
to urge Senators to put out Mr. SMooT
on the strength of the testimony already
given in the hearing before the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
There is what we must be pardoned for
calling a delightful prematurity in this
request. Mr, SMoorT has not been heard
in his defence; and not he, but the Mor-
mon Church seems to have been put on
trial.

The warning and reproof given by the
Hon. GEORGE FRISBIE HoAR not long ago
were wasted words. Apparently a very
large number of persons in many parts
of the country want the Senate to be
neither judicial nor judicious.: Smite
Smoot on general principles. Anything
is fair against those pestilential polyga-
mists, whether they are such by practice
or by belief.

Virtuous in intention as this ardor
against Mr. Smoot and the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints may be,
it is not the mood in which the Senate
may be expected to regard the subject.
Of course, the Senate can judge Mr.
S8moor’s qualifications as it pleases. But
the State of Utah has ita right to be rep-
resented in the Senate; and the Mormon
Church, however theocratic, cannot be
persecuted for its beliefs.

Whatever the rights or wrongs of the
matter, the present discussion of it in all
its religious, constitutional and ethical
relations must be regarded as purely
speculative andimpractical. The coarse
facts that interest practical politicians
are these: There are elections in Utah,
Idaho and Wyoming on the Tuesday
after the first Monday of November, and
no party can afford to lose the Mormon
vote.

We hate to mention such plebeian and
offensive things, but there they are.

 

Activity and Religious

Scepticism.

It seems ‘that the Episcopalians are
about to follow the example of the many
religious communions which have estab-
lished summer schools, assemblies or
“conferences.”

The Chautauqua system of summer
assemblies, first established in 1874 under
Methodist auspices, was the forerunner
of these gatherings for religious study
and spiritual conference, and it has since
been extended so far that flourishing
branches have grown up in many States.
The Roman Catholics, the Jews, people of
the newer religious developments and
philosophers who reject all the dis-
tinctively religious theories have also
organized such schools or conferences.
The summer, which before had been a!
season of respité from such discussions, |

Religious

 

to purely religious functions, in order
to juatify their office:

" The olersy to-day are busy? Yea But busy
doing what? Not things they evor were ordained
todo, They are busy as managers of institutions,
as members of committees, as representatives on
boards, as trusteos of asylums, orphanages, schools
and hospitals, dispensaries and colleges, and bulld-
ers for themselves of parish houses, where thoy
organize and excoute affairs of clubs and gullds,
socletics and institutes. They were not‘ ordained '
to do these things, nor did they need years of pro-
fessional training to beoome abletodothem. Thus
It would seem that those men who are busiest in
the ministry to-day are busy only doing things
which lie wholly outside of that especial sphere, 80
far as there ever was a special aphere for work In
which they were especially trained, In 60 far as they
ever were specially trained.”

Accordingly, after “a veritable,soul's
tragedy,” this young man has aban-
doned the ministry—“has found the
courage necessary to give up 4 lucrative
place without present hope of finding
even one in which to earn a living.”

This is a very remarkable confession

a time when, as we have said, the
activity in religious discussion and re-
ligious propagation ts so general and so
methodical. Church attendance seems
to be greater proportionally than in even
the period before the religious scepti-
cism which has now entered into this
young man's mind had begun to appear
to any large extent outside of a narrow
and specifio school of infidelity. It is
true, however, that the purely spiritual
character and functions of the Church
have been supplemented, if not radically
transformed, by the introduction of a
wholly philanthropio enthusiasm which
concerns itself rather with time than
with eternity—by the substitution of a
moral and religious philosophy for the
old theory of the Church.

 

Mr. McAdoo’s Task.

Before three months of his term have
passed, Mayor MCCLELLAN has learned
some of the multifarious difficulties that
attend the administration of the Police
Department upon the lines laid down by
him for its government.

Mr. McApoo holds the office carrying
with it the heaviest responsibilities in the
city of New York, and to help him bear
these responsibilities he has found it
almost impossible to enlist the aid of
competent, faithful men. Much of the
detail of the administration falls upon
the shoulders of men utterly unknown
to the Commissioner, and any one of
these has it in his power to betray his
superior and thwart his plans.

The Commissioner and his deputies
must rely upon the inspectors and the
captains for the execution of their orders,
and the failure of these to obey the spirit
of the Commissioner's commands is
something for which no punishment has
been devised. In fact, the police are
pretty eure to retain their standing in
the department, no matter what they
do. The courts are quick to reinstate
them if they are dismissed from the
service, and practically the only punish-
ment that can be imposed by the Com-
missioner is the transfer of the delin-
quent officer to an undesirable post, un-
less it is possible to convict him of a
felony in a court of law. Under these
circumstances the uniformed force may
do many things of which the Commis-
sioner disapproves, and thereby give the
lie to his promises and protestations.

With such a condition of affairs, it is
not remarkable that the Commissioner
finds it difficult to put his ideas into
operation. Naturally, too, there is fric-
tion between the Commissioner and
his deputies. It is reasonable to bear
these facta in mind in considering the
present case of the department.

If Mayor MCCLELLAN and Mr. Mo-
Apoo, who appear to be working to-
gether harmoniously and intelligently,
shall be able to overcome these obstacles,
the administration of GzorGE B. Mc-
CLELLAN will be assured of an unpar-
alleled success.

 

The Transvaal Gold Supply.

Although it has been virtually settled,
the South African labor problem con-
tinues as a disturbing influence in Eng-
land as well as in the country directly
affected. The question is of interest to

the world at large.

The arguments used by the advocates
of the importation of Chinese solely and
exclusively for work in the mines of
South Africa are exceedingly plausible,

has now become the season when par- | and are, on their face, practically un-

ticular and concentrated efforts are

| made to direct to them the thought of

|

the people.

At various assemblies will be gathered
during their sessions this summer many
thousands of earnest students, and there
will be displayed an interest in the
subject of religion of which there have
been few counterparts in modern his-
tory.

In the Independent of last. week, how-
ever, is a very remarkable confession
by a young man, in which he tells how
he was forced in honesty and self-respect
to retire from the ministry of the Episco-
pal Church. He avers, too, that he
is only a single example of “many clergy-
men of prominence”
past few years, “have given up the ac-

tive work of the regular ministry to | possible.

who, during the | been overabundant.

answerable. The whole matter starts
from the fact of its being impossible to
secure an adequate supply of Kaffir labor
from local sources and from the addi-
tional fact that white labor from Europe
or elsewhere is not to be had at the wage
rates declared by mine owners to be the
maximum which they can afford to pay,
The cost of living in the Transvaal is
very high, and it is asserted that no white
man ean afford to live there upon wages
of less than $3 per day. The Kaffir and
the coolie are paid from $10 to $12 a
month for a service which in labor effi-
ciency is not far below that of the white
man.

The supply of native labor has never
To-day a suffi-
cient Kaffir force is declared to be im-
Only about 60 per cent. of the

enter some other field of work,” while | number of stamps at work before the

others are preparing to go and many

war are in operation, although the gold

more would follow except for more or | output for January, 1904, is about 80 per

less temporal restraints. Of the class

| cent. of that of January, 1899.

It is

of thirty men who were graduated with | urged that unless these idle stamps can

him from a theological seminary gix
years ago, he enumerates ten who al-
ready have abandoned the ministry to
which they were ordained. Meantime
the quality of the young men who now
study for the ministry he describes as
poor. “Strong men” in the colleges
prefer the law or medicine, “weak ones
theology.” Acoordingly, he tells of
finding that in the theological seminary
the average of ability was inferior to the
average in the college; and he adds
that after his graduation he found “the
same thing,” in moving around among
his “brethren of the cloth.”

It is not necessary to follow the steps
which led this young man to give up the
ministerial calling, but the conclusion to
which he comes is striking, for it is in-
dicated in his questioning if “the Church
will continue to exist at all” and if
it “should persist.” Already, he con-
tends, the clergy are forced to add
secular and philanthropic activities

be set in operation by the importation
of Chinese or East Indian laborers, and
through the employment of such there
be furnished employment for several
thousands of skilled white laborers at
good wages, the commercix\ future of
the Transvaal is almost hopeless and
the industrial future only less so. To
no small extent, this is quite true. The
trade and commerce of the Transvaal rest
chiefly on the wages paid to some 12,000
to 15,000 skilled white mechanics, bosses
and foremen, Every stamp kept busy by
the work of Kaffirs or Chinamen means
a certain number of well paid white men
who make the trade of the region, It is
said that 8,000 stamps are idle. Their
activity would call for the services of
nearly 6,000 skilled white men at good
wages. It would mean business for the
local merchant and export trade for
England and other countries.

In England attention is given chiefly
¢o the sociological features of the matter.

 

These are 6 uadgueisaty orotoundly 60"
rious in their character and fruitful of
disturbing entanglements in daya to
come, In South Africa the question is
largely commercial, There are those
who are deeply concerned by the 80-
ciological complications; but the primary
interest concerns an. industrial activity
which will mean profits to mine owners
and to local tradesmen. Upon the activ-
ity of the mines depends the develop-
ment of that part of Africa,

In all this question the world at large
has an interest which is not well under-
stood. The finances of the world may
well be widely affected by the volume of
the South African gold output, and it is
by no means impossible that even prices
of all commodities would be not a little
influenced. With South Africa restored
to its earlier status as a gold producer
the annual world product of that metal
may be given as approximating $300,-
000,000, Of this sum South Africa at the
time of the outbreak of the war was
supplying nearly one-third.

The ambitions of the Transvaal mine
owners, and the possibilities of their
mines, do not halt at’ mere restoration
to the results shown in 1899, The owners
wish, very naturally, to double their out-
put. Todo that would increase the pres-
ent annual world supply of available gold
about one-third, With an abundant
supply of cheap labor, easily obtainable
from China, there seems no reason to
doubt that this could be done. The in-
flux of so considerable an annual in-
crease could not fail to have some influ-
ence on the market price of commodi-
ties whose value is measured in gold.
Bankers and national treasuries would
feel its effects. The present annual
supply may be fairly adequate for the
world’s requirements. The result of so
very marked an increase in that supply
presents a topic for interesting consid~-
eration.

 

Down on Long Island, where there is
unceasing war between the sportemen and
the pot hunters, an effort is now made to
enlist all game loversin a struggle against
a bill that has passed the Assembly, al-
lowing the killing of wild ducks in the spring
season. At present the law prohibits the
killing of ducks after Jan. 1. The market
hunters want the date changed to April.
The effect of the change would be to allow
the killing of ducks on their way to the
nesting grounds, and no more effectual
way of exterminating these fowl could
be devised. If the Senate wante to have
the ducks driven from the ponds and shores
of Long Island, it should pass Mr. Husss's
bill which contains the amendment, but
by allowing this slaughter it will do a grave
injury to the interests of the State.

—_—_—_—_——XSXSX_
Jastioce White's Nemination for the Presi-
dency Advocated.

To tae Epiton or Tus Sun—Sir: In to-
day's Sun appears an interview with Mr.
Thomas F, Ryan, vice-president of the Morton
Trust Company, in which he says that he be-
lieves “Southern Democrats should name the
candidate for President and construct the
platform on which the candidate will run.”
This implies that the South—in her natural
timidity, for fear of being misconstrued and
misinterpreted, growing out of the civil war
—would name a man from the East, New York
preferred.

Why not reverse the order of things, and
let the Northern Democrats name a man from
the South—one whose ability as a conserva-
tive and farseeing statesman was demon-
strated in the United States Senate not many
years back; a man, erudite and learned in the
law, a great constitutional lawyer, a ripe and
rich scholar, a thinker and reasoner of the
greatest profundity, a born diplomat, a skilled
leader of men, an astute politician in the high-
est and best meaning of this ancient term?
A man whose platform would embody all that
stands for the adamantine principles of true
Democracy; in fine, a man who would as Presi-
dent recall the days ef American simplicity
and loyal manhood, yet would grace the office
with a dignity that would command the re-
spect and admiration of friend and foe alike,
having but one noble and single purpose in
view, the common good of the whole country?
That manis Associate Justice Edward White
of the United States Supreme Court—e native
of Louisiana.

In the nomination and election of Justice
White, once and for all, we would show to the
world that we are areunited country, and that
all sectionaliam (s a thing of the past.

New York, March 14. R. E. KE.

Presidents and Vice-Presidents.

To Tue Epiror or THE SUN—Sir; There appears
to be some misconception concerning the reelection
of the Presidents. Twenty-five men have filled
tho Presidential oMoce; and of these, efght Presi-
dents have been elected to a second term while
filling the first. Mr. Cleveland was a private citi-
zen when he was elected in 1882, hence does not
come within the list of those reelected. No may who
has filled the office of Vice-President has been
elected to the highest place since Van Buren. Since
Jackson's time, only three Prosidents have been
reelocted—Lincoln, Grant and McKinley; and only
one, Grant, haa served two full sucosssive terms,
Andrew Johnson and Theodore Rooseveit are the
only Vice-Presidenta who have succeeded ro-
elected Presidents.

If Mr. Roosevelt shall be elected this fall, he will
be the first Vice-President to succeed to the first
office after Alling out the unexpired term of a dead
President; he will be the first man ever elected
by the Republican party from east of the Alleghany
Mountalns; end he will overturn @ ruje unbroken
since 1836. If he shall be defeated he will become
an ex-President, & younger maa than Gen. Grant
was when he entered upon his duties as President,
the youngest man ever clected to that ofBos, at the
age of 46 years. Howarp Crurcnenr.

CuI1caqo, March 14.

Welcome Signs of Spring.

To Tus Epirox oy Tus SUN-—Sir; I saw and

heard, to-day, at Now Dorp, Staten Island, lots of
song sparrows, bluebirds, summer yellow birés,
red wing blackbirds, robins in their new spring
coats, Juncoes, field sparrows and one filcker or yel-
low hammer, and purple grackles. The Acer rubrum,
our red or soft or swamp maple, was in full bloom
at Great Kills.

Surely these are promising signs of spring.

NEw YORK, March 14. Dr. THOMPBON.

 

 

 

Frederick's Statee.

To THE EDITOR or THE SUN—Sir: Prof. Prince
is right. Frederick was a consummate master of
the artofwar. Huis placed in the very first rank—
with Alexander, Hannibal, Casar, Gustavus Adol-
phus, and Napoleon. Why cannot we have for our
War College a atatue of the great Prussian? The
Objections to accepting the EKalser’s gift seem tad
and Irrelevant.

ROCHESTER, March 16.

 

In the Spring.
In the spring the young man's faney lightly turns
to thoughts of trout,
And ee ied him to the closet and he gets his tackle .

And be polish the nickel, and he sharpens up his
ooks,

While his mind {t goes cavorting off to gunny, bab-
bling Urooke.

Full a week he spends in fixing all bis tackle up
with care,

While his step it grows elastic, and his manner
debonatr;

Extra Giese and lines and leaders, extra fittings he
must get,

Ti he drops @ hard-earned tenner, but without
the least regret.

For ‘tis spring, and trout ere heading for the lash-

hoa the} th in feney Jeapin
6 you @ees them
office walls; sone
And ‘tla lucky thus he sees them tn hie vision day

For we know, alas he cannot see them any other
way. 403 Cowan.

 

| AMERICANS, ITALIANS AND THE
OATHOLIO CHURCH.

A Protest From a Distinguished Roman
Catholle, ‘

To THe Epiton oy Tus SuN—Sir: THR
Sun has given us of late some extremely in-
teresting specimens of the mental attitude
of Catholics toward the present rulers of the
Ohureh. Reading one of our Catholic week-
Hes @ day or two ago, I came across an ex~
ample curious enough to be added to your
collection,

This weekly prints in every iseuc a letter
from a Boman correspondent whom I take
to be an Italian ecolesiastic, In his
latest contribution this person, speaking
of the rumored elevation of Mer. Farley to
the Cardinalate, warna us againet thinking
that the College of Cardinals is in any sense
& representative body, and admonishes us
sharply lest we Americans imagine that we
have the slightest claim to such recognition
as a new red hat would imply. And then he
bids ua take it to heart that Italians must
always rule the Church, inasmuch as they
alone possess the requisite qualities of mind
and character for such a position; and finally
in explicit terms he declares that Americans
are unfit for a share in the Churoh’s govern-
ment because they are so monstrously con-
oeited.

To be sure, one is inclined to become ex-
asperated at this; one is impelled to give
expreasion to the sullen discontent spreading
among the Catholics of every free country
against the curse of Italianism; and it would
be a grim pleasure to hurl back such a sneer
at our country into the teeth of the America
hater who uttered it. But just now let us
waive all these vindictive feelings and give
ourselves to the mood of curiosity. Here
are some thousands of American freemen
who will read that ineult, yet, I dare say, not
half a dozen pages of protest will be received
at the office of the weekly aforesaid, A few
may lift eyebrows at the audacity of it; hun-
dreds will pass it over without realizing that
it {s an insult; and a mournful number, I fear,
will unnaturally approve it.

Haven't we here a singular case of mental
pathology? Won't some of our psychologists
set themselves to the problem? I venture to
think that they would discover matter for a
dissertation new to their science. For while
psychology can count by scores its tomes
of research into the brute soul, the free soul,
the slave's soul, the doubtful, the developing
and the degenerate soul, it possesses, to my
knowledge, not a single page upon the phe-
nomenon of a soul which reposes in equal
comfort both upon the mountain peaks of
American freedom and beneath the heel of
Italian contempt. If such a type study
should be put into a book, I suggest for a title
“Italian Philo-despotism in American Chag-
acter: A Study in Spontaneous Servility.”

Boston, March 13, RoBEeRT TOBIN,

 

What Jodge Parker Stands For.

To THe Epitor or THE Svn-—Sir; An
editorial in THE Sun asks, “What Does Parker
Stand For?”

The Detroit Free Presa answers in part. It
says Parker (Judge Alton B. Parker) is “a
highly respectable vagueness,” who “has
done nothing and said nothing.”

That is good, but my uncle, who left west-
ern New York to settle in Missouri about
eeventy years ago, understood things better.

This uncle was old and very rich when the
Rebellion broke out, and wanted to be neutral;
ao when the leader of a hungry horde of Con-
federate bushwhackers came along and
asked him what he was, he replied:

“Just nothin’, Cap’en, and damned lUttle
of that!"

80 with Judge Parker; he stands for “just
nothin’, and damned little of that!” F.

_ STRUBENVILLB, Ohio, March 18,

Mrs. Eddy’s Family Tree.

To THE Ep1iToR or THE SuN—Sir; In an-
swer to Mrs. Florence Macalister’s letter,
printed in your paper of the 12th, under the
heading “Mrs. Eddy‘g Family Tree,” we here-
with append an explanation by the editor of
the Christian Science Sentinel, published in
Biseal 8 oficial or on the same day that Mrs.

ister’s letter appea in THe Sun

rs ago a relative of our leader. and
¢ Rev, Mary Baker G a member |

MeNeli, a e B., of Edinburgh, Scouland, was her

an

nthe #0 souroe | of information seemed to be authen-

pad the tatement was aqoep ied and used in
nod th by, emore on Mrs. Eddy's Sen aniogy.

qe, hed y has had this SAO HeE carefully ti

etisa, having obtained fwas her proat

that the iene mon: John MeNet her an-

pee t all o vBee |

her fer biograp shall to future ooserve th!

nan, John Mee who is known as the hero of
was_@ relative on Mrs,
er family, and ho was ths |
eee of President Pierce's mother. This
EY. Tobably the line of MeNeils to whioh Mrs, Pady |
longs. . Eddy herself has no special interest
in these subjects.
It {s worthy of note that the ancient Scotch
fas y name referred to above has no less
t seven different i Reiilaa ayalch might

“4
coe

Rete {ly tree. to complications {n making a
ARD P. Verna
Gprietion glance Pu EMbilontion Committee.
Naw Yor«, Marc arch

 

An Example of Yankee Shrewdness.

From the Washington Post,

“Talk about Yankee shrewdness,” said
the travelling man. was in a little tavern
up in Connecticut not long ago, and a farmer
oame in with eggs to sell, The transaction
took place in the barroom of the establish-
ment, The proprietor agreed to take two
dozen, and when the farmer came to count
over the contents of his basket, ie found that
he had twenty-five eggs The proprietor
wanted the extra egg thrown in for good
measure. The farmer didn't see it that way
and they argued the matter, At last the pro-

etor arid he'd take the if sty-fve 8,

ere the mana Grink, and call it square. “5N

ar agreed and pocketed his mone

“tT Now. what'll you have,’ asked the pro-

etor.

7 ‘Yankee farmer was ready with his
reply.

E Berry and egg,’ said he.”

The Magic in the Letter BR.
From the Baltimore American...

“Did you ever notice,” asked the observer of
things nobody else ever notices, “what a lot of
magio there ts in that little letter R? Why it's got
Kellat and Herrmann, end even Malini, backed clear
off the platform.

“For instance, it can turn a@ golfing tee into a
tree; an all into e rail; again into @ grain; a fog Into
@ frog: @ tall Into a trail: @ hose into a horse: a bid
into a bird; a hen into a hern, a beath into a hearth;
a bit of heat into a heart; a hat into another kind
of hart; 4 pat into @ part: @ cat into a cart; a spit

 

|

|
ES
if

A nah) ad bs ”

Great Variety of Food, Food, but All Was Canned
Except the Moose.
From the Washington Post,

Senator Dillingham, who,was chairman
of the sub-committee on Territories that
visited Alsaka last summer, tells of @ re-
markable dinner that was given the Senators
at Rampart, a point on the Yukon River 700
miles from Dawson and about the same dis-
tano@ from the mouth of the river. What
surprised the Vermont Senator was the variety
of food onthe menu. There wore raw oysters,
soup, fish, roast moose, shrimp salad, a half
dozen vegetables, including corn on the cob:
plum pudding and ioe cream made from
condensed milk.

“Everything was canned,” said the Senator,
“except the moose, and that had been killed
in deflance of the law. And, by the way,
that Alaska Game law is about the most
absurd piece of ‘legislation on the statute
books for Alaska. It was my first experi-
ence with corn on the cob {jn cans, and J made
inquiries about the other foods, I found that
particular care {js taken in the matter of
canned goods that are sent to Alaska, None
but the best are aclected, and they are care-
fully put up, in order to avoid loss, The
cost of shipment is so great that the supply
companies cannot afford to send goods th
are likely to spoil.

“It struck me as an interesting fact,” said
Dillingham, “that so far away from all sources
of supply we were given a dinner equal to
one which might be served in Washington
or New York.”

In Defence of King Leopold.

To THe Epiton or Tue Sun-—Sir: The
Congo controversy, which has been reopened
by your London despatch of the 6th, presents
many diffloulties to the wayfaring man who
wishes not to err. The witnesses against
King Leopold represent his administration
as the curse of Africa, while his defenders
claim that the government of the Congo
presents a model for the civilization of in-
ferior races. In view of this conflict of testi-
mony the impartial reader must consider the
credibility of the witnesses and form h.
judgment accordingly. As an English Judge
remarked in summing up a case: “Gentle-
men of the jury, you have heard the evidence
and have also heard the speeches which the
learned counsel have just made. If you be-
lieve what has been told you by the counsel
for the plaintiff you will bring in a verdict
for the plaintiff. If, on the other hand, you
belleve what has been told you by the coun-
sel for the defendant you wil] bring in a ver-
dict for the defendant, But if, like myeelf,
you don’t believa anything that efther of them
has said, then I'll be hanged if I know what
you will do.”

A great many readers find themselves in
the quandary of the English Judge, Possi-
bly they are quite right in not eres the
testimony which is to be found in official
statements such as that of the British Consul
which has just been published. For my part,
I have seen too many consular reports to
place much confidence in the accuracy of
them. There ig no more reason for accept-
ing the Britfsh Consul’s accusations against
the Congo than there is for believing the
reports of Belgian officials ip behalf of the
Free State. They may be considered to
offset one another.

The plaintiffs in the case against the Congo
have not only set up these official witnesses
against ‘t, but they have also called up several
ex-employees of the Congo State and a few
missionaries. Most of the witnesses are
unimportant and some are not above sus-
picton: as, for example, the young Greek
officer who first praised the administration
and then condemned it after failure to secure

further employment in the Congo.
An attempt has D made to put forward

 

missionaries like Morrison and to give
the impression that “he represen {he eenti-
ments of the whole ieee nary, Asa

Mr. Morrison's acomen te

matter of ay {acs

etioglogh ded fue Cations "tron doubetul

man
tf ed. pee of the missionary

prrmies inst’ the Congo admits naively
witne again e ve
that in his setaterpe nts he “may be trustin

re oes bruises Fe “by” fieee » oat cate views ex-

Beery ahived b starsat indie aren

{ i the Con There are seve
hundred, nard working missiona in ed | BY
| land and only a of m nave me itved

up their voices

ageing
The roa. pres attending to the! dution ap

praising the administr: on fi jing iia ae
whi as Ggne so muc aid them a
efforta to Christianize ead civilize Central

“The rare miscellaneous collection of wit+
gainst the Congo are conf: repeed by

enr’
Rev, wi Grenfe' ee ae Marry y
Rev. titer eit, Monsige
raetrius Boulger, we

gic pe “Beat few ie i, eer ae
oficials of un-
dou Thorar oer Aorraar nen
eral, Baron Wahis, at ei
Baron de Favereau, Baron Van

Descamps,
etvelde, an
Count de Smet de 0 Naeyer
JA vsTaves WHITELEY.
BALTIMORS, March 1 4.

 

As the Philadciphian Noted the Difference.

From the Philadelphia Preas.
“Show me two men with unlighted cigar-
ettes and, if I may watch them for a minute,
I can tell you correctly whether the one who

hag the match is from Philadelphia, Boston
or New ghentar ' beans
@ aker was a person of some o
vation aod his friend naturally asked:
ow oan you tel Fe
n this way,” said the observant man:
the man is a a Philadel hian he will stri
e match,
light, then’ ee &
the match away.
will Light his ove cigarette
the mate {pr b his f , and after that throw
it away. ‘i hein aN Bo cae etre.
rike gare
ette and throw the eters away.

 

Water's Part in Colloquial Terms.
From the Si. Louis Glode-Democrat.

“How many of our ‘expreasive expressions’
ere built around some reference to water?” Col.
H. E. Rice asked me. “Take a few brief examples
for consideration. If we think a acheme isn't
very strong, or a statement decidedly weak. we
fovariably say ‘It won't hold water.' Do we in-
fer that more wisdom lurke ip an individual's head
than ho {s ordinarily given credit for, and what
do we say? ‘Still waters runs deep.’ When a
person gets into some kind of a dificulty we say
he ts in ‘hot water.’

“When a proposition of any kind is rejected,
especially a proposal of marriage, it 1s a case of
having ‘cold water thrown on our hopes.’ Fortune
has its ‘tides,’ and blessings or riches are ‘rained’
down on us. If a speaker exhausts his topic and

~ a b seni @ Ost into a first; a bow into a brow; a | still tries to talk, wo ssy that he bas ‘about run dry.

pearl; a peach into @ preach; @ beach
oe Seen & wing Into 4 wring: a stave into a
etarve; a gab into @ grab or & garb; a skit into a
ekirt; @ sting into a string: a tuck into a truck: a
poll into a broil; a mine Into a miner; a bush into a
Drush; @ line Into a liner; a bag into a brag: a bay
into a bray; 4 payer inw @ prayer; a band Into a
brand; @ cow imto @ crow-éec., world without
end!"

 

Three Austere Maine Preachers.
From the Kennebec Journal.

At iho graduation exercises of the Phillips High
Schoo! this week the usual prayer by a local clergy -
man was conspicuous for its absence, and in its
place the class arose and repeated in unison the
Lord's Prayer. The change was made because
mone of the three pastors of the place would
Offer the prayer, because the class had advertised
@ aocial dance at conclusion of the exercises. in
fact, 1 was said that one of the clergymen, who
1s a momber of the schoo} board, had consulted a
lawyer to see {f the board could not forbid danc-
ing. Of course, the lawyer sald that they could
Bot. Hence the refusal to offer prayer at the grad-
uation exercises.

 

The Pronunciation of Seoul.
To rae Epiror oF THE SUN—Sir; How ia the
mame of the Corean capital, Seoul, pronounced!
New Youu, March 15. lanorawt.

ode the Coreans it {s s pronounced as if written

with along o. Another prenunciation,

erica in Corea, is described as repre-
0 by the Irish pronunciation of soul.

Rage.
In @ rainstorm a girl of renows
insisted on going downtown,

|

“Rumors are always termed ‘afloat,’ and when
@ business enterprise goes down wecallt ‘swamped.’
A man struggles to ‘hold his head above water
according to our colloquialisms, and when he
doesn't know what plan to pursue im order to ao
rite certain ends it ts said of him that he fs
‘all at sea.'”

 

Practical Religion.
From London Truth,

A Presbyterian mission meeting was held the
other night at S,uthend, and one reverend gentle-
man who was called Upon to address the meeting
thus improved the occasion:

My brethren, let us be men and wom
belief In God, — Don't let us trust to emorion an sna

sentiment. I have heard some of you pra; Ang
that God may make you better. Some of you that
have been praying Owe me money, Ve lent
you money when Ce u have been i You
covid have’ paid ot don vig te 4°°4 en ore
n e n ora & nig ;

Give me a peuny a day, or & penny a week vided

Now, that is what I call practical Christientty,

A Treasure.

From the New Orleans Times-Democrat.
“Sinst fus to dis ol’ worl’ I come
I'ze steddied lote an’ trabeled some,
Dai dar aln's Falgly nothin’ ta
a! r ralgly no ,
Er good houp’ dawg!

“Some ucider ni; T stea)
fo" or al want fo take Fo" Rie,

Bigna noua” in 80 uae te
: issue
He'll kevee ‘or Ta Die
a weradatcree
apiener houn’ dawg!
“Fle, know blo uame jos, 98, tak or eta,

berlarecaee ibe bara te eas

pr

=" de pecn:

SENATORS’ DINNER IN | ALASKA. NO DAY NURSERY AT THE Pairp,

viene ht tmpelt an and gS

Sy

 

Board of Lady Managers Announces Tha
There is Not Money Enough.

Mr. Arthur M. Dodge made this state.
ment last night on behalf of Miss Holey
Gould, who is one of the board of lady
managers of the St, Louis Fair.

“The board of lady managers have given,
up the plan of having a day nursory diring
the St, Louis Exposition as they are wp.
willing to put aside any money fron) the

hing oF from Congress for the fur.
mu yet maintenance of the nursery

k the entire fund will be needed
for ine expenses of the board and for hog

“The $35,000 80 freroualy piven b
loca! board to the board of lady NAS Lage
for the building, covered the cost of tha
only, and did Bot prov ide for furnishing and

WES day fr be

© day nursery was to be an exhibiti
of the most modern work done in day nit
series and was to have been under the
superintendence of Mrs. Dodge, who is
pesent, of the Federation of Day Nurseries,
Dodge said that the $35,000 appro.
priated would probably be returned to the
ny] authorities and no building would be
put up.

THE VERMONT ULICENSF LAW,
Testimony That It Is Working Well, and
Better Than Prohibition.

TO THE EDITOR OF THe SuN-—-Sir: The letter tn
Saturday's Suw about Vermont's anti-saloon vote,
by a Vermonter from Montclair, N. J., greatly mijs-
represented’ the feeling in Vermont toward the
License law.

Vermont had fifty years of prohibition, and the
law became a farce, public sentiment did not un-
bold {t and seldom would a jury convict a man for
eelling liquor. The last Legislature repesled the
prohibitory law and made a License Local Op-
tion law, which is not the best llcense law in
America, but was the best we could get then; and
the State by referendum vote decided it would be
better than prohibition. This law has bad about
ten months’ trial, and on the whole it has worked
very satisfactorily, and we hope the next Legis
lature will strengthen the weak points.

Your New Jersey correspondent sald there are
only seven towns that voted for Lloonse on Mareh |
The Burlington Free Press, the champion of pro-
hibition, admits there are forty-nine towns that
voted for liccnse. Last year there were ninety

 

‘two towns, but the cause of the change was not

that people want prohibition again. There are
some who voted “No” this year because they do no!
Vike th ts particular law, but still belleve in a licens:
law; there are a great many who have been biaci-
sted and voted “No” because they cannot bur
lquor at any licensed place, for the reason that
they have abused the privilege and been “sh't
off.” They gay they had rather have prohibition,
because ‘ender that law teey could get all ther
wanted to drink, while under Ucense they cannot
get it paywhere, ‘hat is why the hard drinkers
voted no license. rae {sg still another class who
voted “No” besides the Probibitionists. They are
those who could not get a license, or have been
arrested for selling without a license, and do not
want any one cise to sel] for that reason.

Your New Jersey correspondent says it is not
aafe for a woman to go on the streets in Vermont
after dark. Any one with the least common sens+
knows there ts not a word of truth tn that, and the

poresce {1s too absurd to notice. We admit
ve been more arrests for drunkenncas
his law, because when a man got drunk
the old law the rum seller would
or fear he would get “pulled” and “squeal
She under the new law a man who gcts drunk
must look out for himself and tak« the consequences
Ina Tes ee people pore seen during the last
year wee ane always beén behind the doors under
e The morals of Vermont people are at just as hic!

@ standard to-day as they ever were under pm

bybidon. There no more drunkenness, 4nd

he day when Vermont retums to prohibition is
eS 7 ida | Oonservative temperance men 547
to aT t Vermont will probably never reinstsi\

ere rao LIvEes In VERMONT
vena nN March 14.

To ram Eviror or THE Scw—Si7> Your iss"
of March 12 contains a communication from “A
Vermonter” in New Jersey who says that the olf
Prohibition law was gencrally enforeed. To answer
by saying that the old law was not generally en
forced may not be very conclusive; but these things
the open bars In the larger towns under probibition
the annua] receipts from the town liquor agencies (in
some instances as high as $20,000); the number of
United States quor licenses, 574, Issued to Ver
montere, now greatly reduced im number, and fin
aha be hall hee Neg rr gtd a fig od oe

least,
© results _ ‘Seow: own with Which

opponen
have im ven o
pry Permonter” says that

iin Nau y

the. Rutla z “Neral has changed its attitude. A
glance at tts columns will show that the Herali
not only has not changed its attitude, but that it is
even more vigorous in its advocacy of local option
than before the recent election.

E. D. RaTMOnD.
Fats Haven, Vt., March 14.

To Tae Eprron or THE Sun—Sir: The New
Jersey “Vermonter” says that at the recent election
under the local option law “only seven towns vote!
in favor of licensing the liquor trafic.” The far!
{e that Ofty-two towns and cities voted to licens:
the liquor traffic.

The New Jersey “Vermonter” says that the Pro
hibition law was “gencrally enforced” In Vermont
especially ip the smaller towns. It ts true that |"
the amaller towns where Wquor was not wante
the prohibition law was enforced. It enforced ttse!!
in the mural towns because practically nobodr
wanted to violate it. But in the towns of consider
able population, where there are large villages
and in the cities, State prohibition was as grea!
& farce as ever disgraced a statute book.

tt sya town of Vermont has been deterioratins
eae we less for fifty years. The old stock has bee

West and the new stock that ls coming in

Sanat maintain the old standards and tradit!ons

t It Is not tee that the small town has become

60 ‘ogred ed that women cannot safely walk It«

streets. Such a charge as that, such # revolution

in humah nature, oould not come about in nine
months of lcense,

A my opinion, the vote on March { was the stron:

ost possible indorsement ee the local option pr.
ciple, It shows clearly that the towns in Verm n°
are eh capable of regu lating their own affairs
When it Is necessary they can apply probiditt>
to the naw or trafic much more efiectively than oan
be done by the State. In the face of this vote !t !s
hard to sec how Vermont can again return to Sti")
prohibition. Epiror Daily News
BURLINGTON, Vt., March 13,

 

 

_

Chemical Syathesis of Camphor.
From the Lancet.

One by one certain valuable commercla! product’
are yielding to the analytical! observations of t!
chemist, and some day, perhaps, the world ina
be tadependent of nature's slow synth tic process™
Not a few people, however, confess to a prejudicr
in regard to synthetic products and to a preferenc’
for the natural article. There would appear to tr
either some quality missing in the synthetic prepara
tion or else an additional quality which Is undesir
able; somehow or other it ts not exactly the sam
in its effects, It may be, or in its appearance or prop
erties. Perhaps there Is an element of suggest!
or fancy. in this matter, but for choice we are cer
tain that many would decide tn favor of natura
indigo for dyeing purposes rather than the s
thetic substance, and would prefer the real natur
perfume of the flower rather than the systhe'
oll, chemically and physically identical tis
they may be.

Could indla rubber be synthetized so succes
fully a8 to have the propertics of natural rubb:
ho one would doubt that a very useful additton
the necessities of modern Ilfe would be mad
Indeed, the synthesis of rubber would count amon:
the greatest triumphs of chemical science tn !
application to the elaboration of substances whl
hitherto have been nature’) exclusive producti’
Among the latest synthetic achievements of mo
ment is that of camphor, which, !t |s announced, '*
now being produced on a commercial scale >
a@ comparatively simple process from turpenti

Turpentine ol) is heated with oxalic acid, an 0x8
late being formed with pinene, the priictpal con
stituent of turpentine oll. The oxalic acid efects 4
further change with the production of a formate
which when heated with alkalies yields camp
and carbon’ monoxide and water. The campb'!
60 made 1s afterward sublimed and It condenses '
the form of snow-white crystals, It will be tnte:
esting to sce what effect this synthetic process \\!
have upon the supply of the natural camphor fro
Japan and, further, whether It will compensate ¢
the reduced output which the war between tha!
nation and Russia must inevitably occasion. Scien’
seems to have anticipated this contingeucy

 

Te Bring Quail From Indian Territor:
From the Uartford Courant.

The winter bas been a severe one for quail as we
es for other game, and many flocks of qual! have
been found dead in different parts of the Stat
In order to overvume the loss, Clapp & Treat 0!
this city will purchase qual] in the Indian Terr
tory, with no expense beyond the actual cost ‘
those whd care to order. The birds will be Ut
erated here tn sections where the purchasers pre
fer, being turned over to them for that purpose

 

The Obliging Conductor.
From the Topeka Capital.

“Shall 1 get off this end of the cart” said « lac’
to the conductor on a Santa Fé train theot'e
day as it pulled into Topeka. “Just sult yours’
madam,” sald the conducwr, “both ends sop