ee aa 2

 

  

SAYS LID IS ON,

 

DARLINGTON

Employment Bureau Reform Bill,

Health Commissioner Darlington is the
latest city official to insist that the lid is
on, The occasion was a conference held
at the City Club yesterday on a bill now
before the Legislature to correct the abuses
in employment agencies here. Miss Frances
Kellor, the young college woman who has
been studying conditions in the agencies
and who is partly responsible for the bill,
had been telling of the moral evils which
she discovered.

“There used to be a police regulation,”
said James H. See, an-employment agent,
“that provided for such evils. It's now a
dead letter. About fifteen years ago I
sent & girl to a place I supposed to be re-
spectable, which proved to be a disorderly
house. I notified the police and they
rescued the girl and that started an agita-
tion. The result was that the police began
the practice of furnishing every employ-
ment agent with a list of all disorderly
houses. Then if a girl was sent to such a
place the employment people could be held
responsible and prosecuted. I don't know
why the police gave it up, but the regulation
is a dead letter now.”

Mr. See had hardly finished speaking
before there was a murmur and then loud
cries of dissent arose. A dozen men and
women tried to get the attention of the
chair at once. For a moment the room
was in the greatest uproar,

“The police wouldn't dare give out such
a list; it would prove them guilty if they
did,” one woman's voice was heard to say.

“They simply couldn't,” said another;
“it would be a disgrace.”

Some of the conferees seemed to think

but they didn't get a chance
nally got the

different,
to say so, for Dr. Darlington
floor.

“I can't sit here as a member of the city
administration,” he said, “and listen to the
proposal of any such scheme. I tell you
the lid is down. The police can't furnish
any such list, because the places are not
running now. I don't believe that they
have alist and it wouldn't be right if they
did. Mayor McClellan would never stand
for that.

“I'd like to show you some of the testi-
mony we have here,” said the chairman,
Miss Dreier.

Several persons nodded their heads in
arpreves at Miss Dreier'’s challenge, and
it looked as if a long and stormy debate
was in prospect. Tenement Commissioner
Crain restored quiet, however, by quasent-
ng some minor alterations in the bi

r. Darlington told the reporters after
in favor
emanded

6 conference that he was heartil

the movement, but that truth
‘bat he say something when reflections
were cast on the police. He believes thai
the Health Department can remedy severa
of the abuses Miss Kellor found. Wherever
the lodging houses connected with agencies
are overcrowded the Health Department
can act. ‘

Miss Chandler, the next speaker, said
that the safeguarding of the employment
profession lay with the housekeepers of the
city and not with the agents.

“I am surprised,” she added, “that the
agents here are astonished and incredulous
at the revelations made by Miss Kellor.
It is to their credit that they are incredulous
and their honesty is proven. But we know
that there are lots of dishonest agents in
the city and it is the duty of the house-
k rs to clean them out.”

e conference was called by the
Woman's Municipal League to discuss the
bill and to appoint a committee to look
after “constructive work.” Miss Kellor
said that those interested in the new bill
hoped to institute improvements among
the girls in the employment agencies aside
from the provisions of the bill. The Charity

fon Society, the various college
and university settlements and many
other organizations were represented at
the conference.

DIAMOND WEDDING RIGHT AWAY.

Levy and Miss Becker Needn’t Walt for
the Seventy-fifth Anniversary.

Sol Levy, “the Grand Street Count,” was
married last night in Clinton Hall to Sarah
Recker, daughter of Solomon Becker, one of
the leading merchants of the lower East
Side.

Levy is a brother-in-law of “Diamond
Charlie” Solomon, and when the engage-
ment was announced several weeks ago
*Diarnond Charlie” declared that he would
make the wedding “one of the slickest
ever pulled off since Silver Dollar Smith's
daughter got hitched.”

As a preliminary a hundred Fast Side
pawnbrokers were appointed on the com-
mittee of arrangements, of which Congress-
man Tim Sullivan was named chairman,

The pawnbrokers, their wives, daughters,
frieuds and diamonds were on hand last
night. Such a) dis of diamonds had
not been seen on the Side for years.
Abe Herman, the racetrack sleuth, ap ed
with white kid slippers with twenty dia-
monds on them, ig Jack Martin, who
heads one of the divisions in the St. Patrick’s
Day parade to-morrow, wore a green waist-
.oat with diamogd buttons. .

The pawnbrokers’ friends surrounded !
the hall as a vigilance committee and a |
clearing house was established in the base- }
ment. Many of those whose gems glittered
in the hall got their receipts back when
they passed the sparklers back and re-
ceiv gs to go out.

The Hon. Florrie Sullivan led the grand
march to the banquet hall. He was loudly
applauded, for just behind him was the

on. Martin Engel, whom the Hon. Florrie
aiporened as leader of “de Ate.” The
politicians took this as a tip that Florrie
and Engel had buried the hatchet.

The bride’s father presented the bride-
groom with 2,000 one dollar bills. The
money was put in a washbasket and carried
around the hall. Calcium lights of varie-
gated colors were turned on the basket
and the crowd cheered the display.

 

NEW FIRE DRILL FOR SOHOOLS,

Code of Alarm Signals and Exit to Musto
Planned for Emergencies.

An emergency drill for the public schools
has been devised by Channing M. Steb-
bins, principal of Public School 77, Brook-
lyn, and Henry M. Jenkins, principal of
Public School 8, Manhattan, and submitted
to the Board of Superintendents of the
Education Department. At present the
by-laws of the Board of Education pre-
scribe that a fire drill shall be held twice a
month at every school, but no settled form
of drill has been decided on so far for the
use of the entire system.

The Fire Department has now been con-
sulted and the Board of Superintendents
propose to formulate a detailed plan for
emergency drilis. General orders will be
determined upon, so that there will be the
least possible confusion of teachers and
principals in the giving of commands and
on the part of the pupils in receiving them,
Principals will still be under the necessity
of arranging minor details in accordance
oe requirements of each particular
ao .

The general scheme is to have a code of
alarm signals for the departure of the
children with or without coats and hats.
rhe pianos, of which there is one on every
floor, will be pla to tranquillize agitated
nerves and get the children into the regular
swing of the march. Then, three or four
» breast, they will be sent out of the building
bv @ exit. It will be the duty of the
\argest boys to look after the welfare of
‘he smallest, but no opportunity will be

iven to principals or teachers to put the
blame for mishaps on the shoulders of these
boys or to shirk their own responsibilities.

POLICE DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE
DISORDERLY HOUSES ARE.

So They Can’t Put Employment Agevotes
on Their Guard—Health Commissioner
Contributes to Discussion of the

 

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

The etald red brick building in West
Tenth street which is now agitated by the
activity of an anonymous letter writer
has long been the abode of many venerable
artiste who, whatever their lot might be,
felt there a d of security which no
other bullding could ‘assure them. For

ears it has n the rule of a generous

dlord that nobody should be evicted
from the SIO 105 non-payment of rent.
However much the ténants might fall into
arrears, they were not disturbed. The
rule held for such a long time because the
owner of, the bullding, while he might lose
temporafily, found that his kindness was
never abused and none of his tenants ever
took ddvantage of his generosity. They
apne paid when they could or made
3 sation in some way—any way pos-
sible to them, Pare

 

 

“Counting up” is the professional name
of the processyof learning how much money
fs in the theatre at every performance.
The number of tickets that are given up
at the door and those unsold are counted,
and the estimate of the receipts made in
that way. To count every ticket that
comes into a large theatre every night
would seal fone labor, ang the work is
very ex ously done by the exper-
fenced treasurers in the theatres.

In one of the largest theatres in the city
the skill of the box office man is incom-
Fronensie to persons who have not seen

is really wonderful manner of finding
out what the receipts are, Merely by
holding the tickets in a bunch at his ear
and allowing them to pass rapidly under
his thumb, he is able to tell from the sound
just how many are in the bunches repre-
senting the different parta of the theatre.
If one hundred, for instance, have been
sold out of the balcony bunch, his acute
ear detects exactly that number,

It is the same with all the other parts of
the house. So accurate are his calcu-
lations that it is never considered necessary
to very them by counting, a8 all experi-
ments of that kind have shown that he was
right.

Benevolence and diversion are blended
originally in the purposes of a Lenten club
which meets once a month. The women
who belong tg it tried to consider the many
demands on their time, and to introduce
an element that might make the organiza-
tion serve some useful purpose. So once a
week some twenty women gather at the
home of one of the members for luncheon.
After the meal they adjourn tothe draw-
ing rooms, where tour manicures attend
to their hands. They take the women
one after the other, and when the meeting
has adjourned every member has had this
rather intimate feature of the toilet at-
tended to, and without more publicity than
they would encounter in a public estab-
lishment. Members, while waiting for
their turn, sew on the garments customarily
made up at these places for distribution to
the poor at the close of Lent.

But the greater profit of the club comes
from the dues paid by the members. For
the luncheon and the manicure every
member pays $5. The manicure costs but
75 cents and the luncheon is given in turn
by the members of the organization. So
the poor are gor to get a very substantial
sum out of is Lenten charity.

The Metropolitan Opera Company was
not to go to Philadelphia at all this winter,
as Mr. Conried believed that its perform-
ances would be better if the singers re-
mained in the olty. But the fear of being
deprived of the one thing that gave them
a metropolitan quality impelled the Phila-
delpbia opera goers to unusual efforts, and
the committee decided to guarantee Mr,
Conried $7,000. for every production, Mr.
Grau had struggled for years for even a
smaller guarantee, but had never got it.

The number of performances in the sea-
son just ended was smaller than it had ever
been, but it was long enough to cause the
receipts to fall $10,000 below the sum guar-
anteed to Mr. Conried. The Italian operas
and the two sung in French drew ge
audiences, but the Wagner operas did not
appeal to te pute so strongly, and the
disaster in which the Ring pectormances
ended made the failure of the
more pronounced.

 

rman series

 

BEEN KIDNAPPED, SHE SAYS.

Little Girl Who May Have Been Telling
Fairy Stories to the Police.

A little girl stopped Policeman Max-
well of the Morrisania station after dark
last night at Clinton avenue and 170th street
and told him that she had been kidnapped.

A woman dressed in black, she said, had
enticed her away from her doorstep eariy
in the morning and had taken her up to
The Bronx on the elevated road. They
got off at 169th street and went into a house,
where the woman left her locked in a
dark room. At dusk the woman came
back and let her out.

At the station house the child said she
was Bella Friedman, 10 years old, of 63
Canal street. The police failed to find any-
one of that name there. Then she said she
lived with her grandparents at 60 Henry
street. There is no Friedman at that ad-
dreas. No Bella Friedman was reported
missing yesterday.

The child couldn't locate the house where
she said she had spent the day, and after
having supper with the matron at the
Morrisania station was sent to the rooms
of the Gerry society.

 

MAN VINDICATED. AGAIN.

Barnard Students Decide That His Rules
for Basketball Are the Best.
* The fair Barnard students who play
basketball, after trying to play according
to less strenuous rules, held a meeting
yesterday and decided to return to the
lation game, under what are known
as “the men’s rules.” This decided victory
for the tyrant and destroyer of feminine
happiness has caused great elation among
the Columbia students, and it is barely
possible that the members of the athletic
association who passed the new rules, will
be serenaded and féted some time in the
future.

The onnaioD for the rev noe, o sae rile
arose in making plans for “fie ay,”
April 17, when the gift of Milbank Quad-
rangle, the Barnard athletic field, is to be
celebrated. A complete programme of
athletic contests, including a tennis tourna-
ment, running races, high and broad jumps
and basketball games, has been arranged.

 

TWO OLD RESIDENCES TO GO.

On Their Site Will Be Erected a Clubhouse
for the Crescent Club.

Contractor Samuel Gordon began yester-
day the work of demolishing the old Ben-
jamin D. Silliman and L. ©. McPhail resi-
dénces at Clinton and Pierrepont streets,
Brooklyn, to make room for the erection
of the new clubhouse of the Crescent Ath-
letic Club, which is to cost $400,000, The
new clubhouse will not be built immediately,
owing to the desire of the officers cf the
club to have subscribed at least one half
of the total cost of the proposed new house
before a brick is laid. ‘

“It will save taxes and insurance,” said
President Bull yesterday, “to have the old
buildings razed, Besides, if the ground is
cleared it will leave us free to go ahead
promptly with the building whenever we
see fit.”

 

Porte Rican Editor Appeals to Highest
Court.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

San Juan, P. R., March 15.—H. 8, Bird,
editor of the Ban Juan News, who was
sentenced to two months imprisonment
for libelling Judge Ramos of ee oes

led from the decision o
ie eaalar a Supreme Court, which recently
confirmed the sentence, to the Supreme
Court of the United States. He sailed to-
day for New York on the steamer Coamo.

SS TS

LN A
—— SS

To be published March 22d:

‘. A story of the test
of a woman’s ideals, in
the face of overwhelm-
ing injustice and bitter
unhappiness.

He That Eateth
Bread With Me

A NOVEL OF DIVORCE
By H. A. Mitchell Keays

Dealing with in-
tense emotions, itis re-
strained and masterly

in its dramatic power,

McClure, Phillips & Co., N. Y.
ee

IRISH PARTY TRIPS BALROUR.

DEFEATED
RALLIES.

 
     
   
     

   
     
       
   

BRITISH MINISTRY,
ON ONE VOTE,

Premier Declines to Accept Rebuff as a
Cause for Resignation—Secures a Ma-
jority of 25 on Next Vote—Irish Coup
Was Well Planned by Leader Redmond.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, March 15.—The Government
was caught napping in the House of Com-
mons this afternoon and was defeated
by 141 votes to 130 on a motion of John
Redmond, the leader of the Irish party,
to reduce the ‘appropriation for educa-
tion in Ireland. Mr. Balfour refused to
resign, and when the Opposition sought
to push its advantage the Government
mustered enough votes to give it a small

majority.
The scene was one of extraordinary
excitement when the tellers advanced

to the table to announce the first vote,
The jubilation on the Opposition benches
consequent upon the Government's de-
feat was reflected in the lobbies. The
division was in every sense what is known
as a “snap” division, no special whip hav-

ing been issued on either side, only the ,

ordinary three-line whip.

On the announcement of the figures
against the Government Mr. Redmond said:
“We've defeated the Government at a cost
of one hundred pounds—Irish money well
spent.”

Mr. MacNeili—Hear! Hear!

Premier Balfour—I don't know why the
honorable member should be so excited.
Truly it was a reduction, and in so far as
it is a reduction it is a defeat of the Govern-
ment. [Loud Opposition cheers.} That's
obvious on the face of the transaction.
Why, on that ground, we should not con-
tinue, I am unable to see,

Mr. Redmond then moved to report prog-
reas: Mr. Balfour said he saw no im-
portant object to be attained in reporting
progress.

The motion was rejected by 171 votes to
146—-a Government majority of 25. | .

The coup delivered by Mr. Redmond had
evidently been planned, and the Govern-
ment was completely surprised.

KING LEOPOLD DEFENDED,

Arguments Closed in Suit to Compel Him
to Give His Daughters Money.
Special Cable Despatch te Tam Sun.

BRrUssELS, March 15.—The trialof the case
to compel King Leopold to pay his daugh-
ters their shares of their mother's estate
was continued to-day. Burgomaster De-
mot, the King’s counsel, supporting the
validity of the marriage contract, quoted
a number of jurists, affirming that inter-
national laws were superior to the Civil
Code.

Turning to the sentimental side of the
question, he declared that history would
praise King Leopold as one of the greatest
and most magnanimous of sovereigns for
leaving the greater part of his fortune to
the nation instead of his family, which was
rich enough.

On the other: hand, history would pass
severe judgment on Princess Stephanie,
who was the real author of the scandalous
action. She was more implacable than
the creditors. She played an ugly rdle,
which could not be approved by publio
opinion, Her attitude was painful and her
language deplorable. M. Demot_ con-
cluded by expressing the hope that with
the collapse of her unjust and rash attempt
she would bring upon herself oblivion and
that her acts would be forgiven and for-
gotten.

It is reported that M. Demot's attack
upon Princess Stephanio was ioepined by
King Leopold. It produced a deep im-
pression.

The arguments were closed to-day.
The Public Prosecutor will pronounce
judgment after an examination of the
evidence. 4

 

ALFRED REED A JUSTICE,
Child Labor Bill Reported in the New Jersey
Senate.

TRENTON, N. J., March 15.—Vice-Chan-
cellor Alfred Reed of this city was nomi-
nated by Gov. Murphy to-day to succeed
Justice Bennett Van Syckel as an Asso-
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. Justice
Van Syckel’s resignation will take effect
on June 15. Vice-Chancellor Reed was a
member of the Supreme Court from 1875
to 1893, when he was appointed a Vice-Chan-

cellor by Chancellor Magie. He is a
Democrat.
The Governor settled the Middlesex

county muddle to-day by sending to the
Senate the name of John Berdine to succeed
the late John 8S. Voorhees as prosecutor of
the pleas. Mr. Berdine had the support of
Senator Jackson, but was bitterly opposed
by Robert Carson and his polltiost “fole
lowers.

Chairman Shinn of the Senate Committee
on Labor and Industries reported the
administration Child Labor bill without
amendment, The fight against the section
fixing at sixteen years the minimum age
at which children may work in factories at
night and against other features of the bill
will be made on the floor, Senator Minch will
lead the opposition, and, it is said, has
enough votes to defeat the measure un-
jess it is amended,

 

The Majority

~ of people are inclined to neglect
a cough or cold until it assumes
a serious stage. Take Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar
early in the attack and ward off
all danger. A pleasant and quick
cure. For sale by druggists,

     
   
       
     
      
 

Pike’s Toothache Drops Cure InOne Minute

  

 

BOOKS AND BOOK MAKING.

John Cotton Dana, librarian of the New-
ark Free Library, and Henry W. Kent,
librarian of the Grolier Club, are to publish
a series of aix reprints of rare seventeenth
and eighteenth century works relating to
libraries and their management.

The primary object of the series is to
bring the early authorities upon ,the sub-
jeot within’ reach of librarians and of all
persons interested, but the volumes will
also be attractive as specimens of good
book making.

All the books will be printed in English,
several of the series being now translated
for the first time.

 

 

Scattered throughout Robert Louls Stev-
enson’s collected works are many simple
and beautiful prayers, written originally
for use in the family worship of the Vailima
household,

These prayers, peculiarly characteristic
in word and spirit, have been collected
into one volume and will be published this
month under the title of “Prayers Written
at Vailima.” Mrs. Stevenson has oon-
tributed a brief introduction to the book.

Alfred Russel Wallace is one of the grand
old men of literature. At 81, just after
having published his important book on
“Man's Place in the Universe,” he is now
gathering material for a new work which
he intends to begin at once.

Moreover, he scorns all assistance, will
have nothing to do with a typewriter, and
turns in all his manuscript in his own clear,
firm, copper plate handwriting.

German, Italian and Russian editions of
“Man's Place in the Universe” are being
brought out. ;

 

The American friends of Henry James
are glad to know that for the first time in
many seasons he is planning a visit to this
country.

Simeon Ford's after dinner wit is ap-
parently being worked off at second hand
upon diners and audiences from Maine to
California. Orders for his book, “Some
Remarks,” come in from the most obscure
corners of the country, and a new edition,
containing additional speeches, is just going
to press.

Meanwhile the sad-faced author is resting
from a strenuous season of being funny
to order and is solemnly, though enthu-
siastically, playing golf down at Nassau.

Gertrude Atherton's new novel, “Rulers
of Kings,” has the tragedy of Crown Prince
Rudolf for one of the main threads in its
woof and there are rumors that, exercising,
as usual, her right of plain speech and of
opinion as vigorous when ill founded as
when based upon solid rock fact, Mrs.
Atherton has presented a somewhat sen-
sational picture of European nobility and
Europeanized Americans of wealth. For
the past year Mrs. Atherton has been in
Vienna and other foreign capitals, gather-
ing material for her novel. She is now in
England.

W. D. Howells and his family have eailed
for Europe and will spend most of their
time abroad at Bath.

Mrs. Margaret Deland has been visit-
ing in New York and while here gave
feveral readings from her last volume of
stories, “Dr. Lavender's People.” She also
at her own request made the acquaintance
of one Gallagher, the compositor who sets
all her type.

Mrs. Deland does not use a typewriter,
and her copy is none too legible. She ad-
mitted the fact to the campositor.

“I'm afraid it makes you swear,” she
said sympathetically.

But Gallagher is an Irishman.

“Oh, no, ma‘am, not at all,” he protested
gallantly. Then he lapsed into confi-
dential candor. “But they do ewear like
pirates downstairs when I hand in my bills
for overtime.”

Mary Johnston's novel, “Sir Mortimer,”
will be published simultaneously in England
and America, and the English advance
sales have been surprisingly large.

A life of Hobbes by Sir Leslie Stephen
has been announced several times in the
last few years, but was never brought out
according to announcement. The author
had completed the work before his death,
and the book will appear, in a very short
time, in the “English Men of Letters” series.

Since the fall of the once popular Sea
Bide Library, good recent fiction in 26-
cent form has been athing unknown. The
Macmillan Company has the courage of
optimistic conviction and ts about to ex-
periment on a somewhat daring scale with
the paper back novel. “The Virginians,”
“The Crisis” and “Richard Carvel” are to
inaugurate the scheme, whose develop-
ment will be watched with considerable
interest.

The Southern social and economic prob-
lems are, nowadays, an inspiration for
much literature more or leas serious, Mr.
Edgar Gardner Murphy has written a book
of the more serious type in “Problems of
the Present South,” which will be published
next month.

Mr. Murphy has been for years a promi-
nent factor in Southern educational work
and has been intimately identified with
the struggle for factory legislation.

Betwoen the nature books and the works
on basketry, the summer idler is being
eliminated from the social system.

There was a time when the summer girl
and the summer man eat in hammocks or
floated down silver etreams or played
guitars in the moonlight, Now they grub
for mushrooms or pursue birds with levelled
opera glasses, or sit on verandas or in
lamp-lighted parlors weaving grasses and
talking learnedly about vegetable dyes.

Something really must be done to preserve
the gentle art of midsummer flirtation.
Will no one write a book about it?

All of which was suggested by a sight of
“Aboriginal Basketry,” a comprehensive
volume profusely illustrated in colors
which costa the somewhat appalling

 

 

 

sum
of $15 and yet is selling in a fashion to make’

its publishers smile. Verily erat is the
power of the fad, and, after all, it is a lucky
thing when a fad has an art for foundation.
Even later than basketry among recent

 

PUBLICATIONS,

RROILemepepemrmemepmeoew

THE EXPANSION
OF RUSSIA

Problems of the East and
Probiems of the Far East.

a ALFRED RAMBAUD.
Since the overthrow of the Tartar
yoke Russia has steadily advanced
into Western Europe, the Balkans,
Siberia, and now presses on Persia,
India and China. er policy is the
key to the Far Eastern question. M,
Rambaud les the reader to real-
ize the p! le destiny of Russia.

1 vol., Small Octavo. Net, $1.00.
BSE CAE EAE ARLES TY SCE USAR OD OR MEE SH ARIES NE ct
SCOTT-THAW CO.,

842 Fifth Ave., New York.

 

   

 

 

 

You cannot force

retailers to order your goods un-
less there is a demand for them.

Can the manufacturer, by gen-
eral advertising, create sufficient
demand to compe/ the dealer to
stock his goods, or should he
persuade him by advertising?

He will first create the demand
by advertising to the consumer,
saying : “If your local dealerdoes
not keep it send to us direct.”
He will, as,the demand increases,
advertise in trade papers so as to
inform the merchant how, where
and on what terms he can handle
the goods, and for the purpose
of persuading him to carry the
goods.

When an advertiser is con-

vinced that he has secured the
paper of largest circulation among
the people he wants to reach, it
will pay him better to make his
announcements in that paper in
ample form than to contract his
space in order to have money to
spend on other journals. In
other words, it will pay better to
advertise largely and systemat-
ically in the best paper than to
spread the advertising out thin
in an attempt to patronize every

paper published.

Tue Lapies’ Home Journar
will give you 1,000,000 paid cir-
culation every month, and costs
$6.00 a line, each insertion.

THE CURTIS: PUBLISHING COMPANY
PHILADELPHIA

Boston Cricace

fads comes bead work, and now Mary
White of basketry fame has written a
book upon Indian bead work and ite modern
adaptations which will doubtleas be guide,
hilosopher and friend to the piazza girl
6 summer.
And how—how in all conscience can a
map make love enthusiastically to a
who is counting blue beads into a croc’
purse and has no soul for anything outaide
of the calculation?

Recent discussion concerning the possi-
bility of Japan freeing the prisoners in the
Russian penal settlement on the island of
Saghalien makes pertinent certain chapters
of Washington Vanderlip’s “A Search for a
Siberian Klondike.”

Mr. Vanderlip visited Saghalien during
his Siberian experiences and emphasizes
the fact that the convicts there are never
political prisoners, but only the lowest
and most vicious type of common oriminals.
He also tells an interesting etory of certain
Saghalien conviots who swam from the
island to a French vessel, murdered the
crew and gan the boat to San Francisco.

Russia ed for their extradition, where-
upon our countrymen had hysterics and
hailed the refugees as victims of Russia's
brutality, martyrs seeking a haven in the
land of the free, &c., &c. Within a very
few ba seha tf says om Yee the
martyrs, one ex ion, were con vio’
of mureess Sommitted anos arriving in this

New Yorx

 

 

country.
On the whole it may possibly be as well
to leave Saghalien out of the war game.

Chicago Saloons Open Until 1A, M.
CxicaGco, March 15—The Board of Alder-
men voted last night to allow the saloons

to remain open until 1 A. M., instead of
midnight, as heretofore.

 

 

Gompers Leaves Porto Rico.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sum.

San Juan, P. R., March 15—Sam-
uel Gompers, president of the American
Federation of Labor, has finished his in-
vestigation of the labor conditions in Porto
ee ant Vela Gree

8
Bhise he visited. He sailed to-day on the
o for New York.

Discuss Loubet’s Visit te Vatican, .

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUR.
Roms, March 16.—M, Nisard, the French
Ambassador to the Vatican, and Cardinal

 

Merry del Val, the Papal Secretary of State,
id a long conference at noon to-day with
Oe eee the visi of Presiden 6

¢
Loubet to the Vatiban. It is stated that
nothing was upon,

PUBLICATIONS,

¢ The Tourn.
Deliverance

$0th

By Ellen Glasgow.
“It grips the heart; it

the memory.

—Loutsville Times.
Illustrated in color, $1.50.
& CO.

adorns

If you are interested in books on finance
consult The Wall Street Library,
which includes: (1) The A BC
of Well Street, $1; (@) The Ana-
tomy of @ Ratiroad Report and
Ton Male Cost, $1; (8) The Theory
of Stock Speculation, 61; (@ The

A BC of Banks ané Banktng,
$1.25, and (5) The A BC of Stock

-d Speculation, $1.50. Other vol-
umes in preperation. By mat) or sold by
McBride, Tyson and booksellers gererally.

S. A. NELSON, Diemer
19 Park Piase'New Yo ,

RARE--Catullus, Masuceo’s Novels, Vi ‘i
- Fenders, me Ovid, Martial. ont any

   

         
  

 

PUBLICATIONS.

CRIPPLE PEL Lt

  
 
 

 

_——o

HARPER’S

JUST OUT

War Pictures and News

RRANGEMENTS were made long before the dep”

laration of war in the Far East to give the readers ©

_ of HARPER'S WEEKLY the most graphic war”
pictures and complete war news possible to procure from
a large corps of correspondents in the Far East and from
the official sources which the WEEKLY has at its com-
mand. Fifteen correspondents of HARPER’S WEEKLY—
artists, photographers, and special writers—are stationed:
at points in the Far East where hostilities are now going
on and where fighting is looked for. HARPER’S WEEKLY
is now receiving a novel and complete series of photo-
graphs from various scenes of action. These are published ©
weekly. Every important phase of the war is recorded in -
pictures, and the story of the war, omitting as always
unconfirmed rumors and giving only official and authentic ~
records, appears in each issue.

One of the features in the current issue is “HOW ..
AMERICA OPENED JAPAN TO THE WORLD,” by
Commodore Nicholson, U. S. N., commander of Perry's .
flagship on the expedition to Japan.

    
     
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    

ahaa? : : = alka Cos Ric eae se a ao oe 2. ~ ae Sa a “
1s Rt A tT gt ce a cn NERA ye i a a NNT as ne RMI Ae

 
     
    

On all Newsstands. 10 Cents a Copy.

  
 
 

YOU SHOULD READ

RUNNING THE RIVER

A Story of Adventure and Success.
By GEORGE CARY EGGLESTON.

Not only a fascinating story for young and old, but a picture of fresh
and quaint phases of American life of absorbing interest.

TO WINDWARD

The Story of a Stormy Course. ‘

A NOVEL BY “0

HENRY C. ROWLAND.

The go and spirit of the author's style make themselves felt whether
the hero is on the deck of a yacht or beating to windward in the varied
life of New York.

The second edition of CAP'N ERI, by JOSEPH C. LINCOLN, will befeady immediately, -
Each I2mo, cloth, illustrated, $1.50.

    
     

 

       
       
      

Memoirs of Henry Villard

JOURNALIST AND FINANCIER, 1835-1900

With Photogravure Portraits and Maps. 9 vols.,
8vo, $5.00 nef. Postage, 35 cents.

       

   

  

Mr. Villard achieved national reputation and prominence as
the successful builder of the Northern Pacific Railroad, but the
interest of these Memoirs lies not alone in the record of that achieve».
ment and the ups and downs of fortune consequent upon it. His
early vicissitudes as a German emigrant to this country in r6gg, his
varied experiences as a journalist and war correspondent, his remtae
iscences of Lincoln and other leaders, civil and military, during the
civil war, his descriptions of the great battles of which he wasa
witness, and the history of his financial career, constitute a work of
unique interest and value.

HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN & COMPANY, Publishers, |

 
   
     
   
   
   
       

 

 
 

CONTENTS FOR WEEK ENDING MARCH #9
Down with the Russians—A Japanese War Song.

By Arthur Lioyd. ‘
Women and the egro | Problem, (Three Articles.)
@ Southern
‘oman, and a Northern White Woman. savers Wee
Gen. Kuropatkin—A Character Sketch.
By Josiah Flynt,
The First Japanese Naval Victory.
By Our Japanese Correspoméent.
The Art of Song, Yesterday, and To-day.
By Adelina 4,

   

 

    
     
      
       
     
  

     

The Discrediting of the Navy’s Guns,
By fork Beniomin ee

The Need of a New Copyright Law.
By George H. Brett.

What are Sheriffs For?

The Post-office Outbreax.

What the Russians Will Da,

Noel’s History of Mexico.

Professor 's New Book,
“Violett "—Baroness Von Hitten’s Novel. fc, eta,

 
       
   
   
   
 

SPECIAL OFFER: For the above issue end seven succeeding ones omd 33°-Gn
Room 19, The Independent, New York City. Ten Cts. a copy —$2-a.pear P