TERR AS Ta Pe

‘

   
  
 

————_—_—-

Vol, LXVIL—NO. 24,

 

 

—_—_————s— —————
WAR TALK IN THE SENATE,
A WARNISG co ebubeant NOT TO

TAKE THE DANISH ISLANDS

Benator Lodge Says She Wonld Be by That
act an Enemy of the United States—He
Pleads for an Adequate Navy to Protect
Our Coast, Prevent any Infringement of
the Monroe Doctrine, and Protect the

mus Canal When Constructed—-Senator

Dantel Says There Is No Fact Better

Known to Mankind Than That This

n Will Fight for the Monroe Doctrine.

Wasnesaron, May i The Naval Appropria-
toll was taken upin the Senate to-day, the

Isth

Natio

ee g question being the amendment in rela-
then to armors late for war vessels

Mr Lodge (Rep, Mass.) said he did not want
the balding of ships stopped for any longer
4 but that would be the ¢ ase if the amend-
adi ‘wored by the Senator from South Caro-
ur Mp Tillman) were to prevail He was not
at aii sure that it would not have been wise to
gtart an armor plant some years ago
to stop the building of ships,” he said,
roron this experiment would be a
very fatal mistake, I think that thesafety of
red States rests upon its naval strength

he Unit
isno ‘ountof the new possessions that

“int

‘until weer

  
 

 

Tar this. Far from it. 1 do not
think that a single one of the new possessions
adds toor diminishes the need of a powerful
nas the danger to the United States lies
where it has always lain, in our own coast,
and in the interests which we must
always protect in. this hemisphere We
have the largest coast line of any nation

{in the world, and one of the smallest fleets
We are about to undertake the construction of
ar isthnian canal Whether it is better to
fortify that canal or to leave it unfortified, it ts
not necessary for me to discuss. To control
that canal, to defend it, to hold jt open for our
commerce and for the commerce of the world,
even against an enemy's fleet, we must be the
paval masters of the Caribbean Sea. We must
havea far more powerful fleet than we have
The safety of the canal rests on the

to-day
American fleet Everybody knows that this
ranal onght to be built and the time is very
pear, in my Judgment, when the work will be

undertaken. If we are to be responsible for
this canal, in addition to our own coast, we
must have a fleet proportionately strong I
hope and believe that we shall have no war with
any one, but the surest guarantee that we shall
bave no war will lie in the possession of a fleet
which noone would wish to attack. It is the
greatest Insurance for the peace of the country,
for the protection of our coast and for the
mrntenance of the canal that can be de-
vised
I may say that I hope and believe there will
be no war with any one; but we should be foolish
indeed if we closed our eves to the possibility of
thesituation. We can never allow these Danish
islands to pass into any hands other than those
of their present possessor except ourown, The
rations of Europe that would undertake to take
possession of these islands and hold them, right
there on the road to the canal, to make of them
great naval stations and places of arms would
he, by that very act, the enemy of the United
States. It would be impossible for us to sub-
mit to any such thing as that. The Mon-
roe doctrine is the greatest protection of
the United States. To that we all, without
distinction of party, adhere. I am by no
means confident that some European power
(perhaps one whose navy is just now receiving
such arapid increase) may not test that Doc-
trine, that we may not find ourselves called
hpon to protect Brazil or some other South
American State from invasion, and that we
may not be called upon to see to it that no new
Furopean State is established on the continent
o! America. I am not conjuring up
{maginary dangers. I trust that no act will be
coinmitted that will result in war. But Tam
sure that the way to prevent any such infringe-
menton the Monroe Doctrine, the way to pre-
vent peaceably the seizure of any part of the
Routh American continent or of the West In-
gan islands by any European power, is to have
anavy which no power in the world can afford
to disregard.

South

‘There are no people in this country north,
@outh, east or west, Democrat or Republican
who do not believe in constructing a navy
powerful enough forthe defence of our coast
and forthe maintenaneea of the Monroe Doc-
trine That 1 one question on which I believe
all Americans are agreed: for they all feel that

in the navy rest, more than in any other
thing, the peace and security of the country
Tt \s for these reasons that I feelso deeply the

necessity of avoiding anything in the way of de-

lav Lldonot want to pay these armor plate
companies $1 of their extortionate profits;
bur IT do want the Department to be
ableto get armor to build ships, even if we are
buldng an armor plant at thesame time. If
trouble should come, if the Monroe Doctrine
shoul! be attacked, if our coasts should be in
danger, we would find it but a poor reply, when
shortofehips. to sav: ‘Well, at least we have
kept an egregious monopoly outof extortionate
profit’ Tt is better to be forehanded in such
thous Itisbettertotakethe part which will
lead to an immediate construction of the navy;
and that means the adoption of the amendment
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs.

Under thatamendinent we have an opportunity

metarmor anywhere, if a reasonable price be
ed, and if not, we will build our own
Therefore, I sincerely trust that no one
l try to postpone the building of ships.”

 
   

Plant
wi

Mr Tillman asked Mr. Lodge whether the
American Navy was not superior to that of
Germany and whether the Danish islands
Qiestinon was not a mere seare

Mri! {

odge

The Germans have now eighteen

battleships and eighteen more battleships
ha ' authorized, so that it is ex-
Peed that tn 1908 Germany will have thirty-
®xX burleships The Danish islands question
Tar heaseare, butifthe Senator from South
(4 '

nis that there ls no danger of Inter-

forenee Monroe Doctrine, he differs
very widely from the conelusion Ihave formed
MrT ine Ido notsay thereis no danger
! tt er it LT want the Government to
t ps that are needed and to get
h nable prices
Mr Bacon (Dem , Ga.) argued in favor of Mr

endment and commented

t ‘9
at Mr
t go that th

upon
Hale had said in debate some
© Armor Plate Trust had the
the throat and had thrust the

|
|
|

FT
a

ee —

to its interests as to be seeking to tread on the
skirts of the United States. There is no fact
better known to all mankind than the fact that
this nation will fight for the Monroe Doctrine.
There is no other fact better known to all man-
kind than that: Aght with this nation isa very
serious business, The nation that gets intoa
fight with us is pretty sure to be worsted.”

Mr. Caffery (Dem,, La.) asked whether the
action of the United States in the East was not
a violation of the Monroe Doctrine.

Mr. Daniel replied that it made no difference
whether it was or not, and he added: ‘'What-
ever this country does it is going to stand by,
and any nation that thinks it is going to get the
better of this country by oriticising and oppos-
ing the Monroe Doctrine wili find itmelf most
gravely mistaken. I do not believe that
any war with this country {s imminent. I do
not believe’ it, because I have confidence
in the intelligence of other nations, and be-
cause I know that any war with this
Bation will be destructive of the interests of any
nation which complicates Itself in that way. I
confide to the statasmanship and good sense of
other nations to avoid war with us, and for that
reason I am not in haste to do these things
which are not wise in themselves to be done. I
think that this nation occupies such a position
of impregnability in self-defence, and of such
power a8 an aggressor, that I can afford to
have some contentment fn the consciousness of
{ts might, of all ite vast resources, of the abso-
lute union of its whole people, of the inventive
genius of the country and of Its industrial
capacity, and Iam willing to go slow, in order
to go sure in the right direction."

Mr. Daniel read from statements of Admiral

Dewey and other naval officers in praise of the |

Holiand submarine boat as a device for harbor
defence, and he spoke slightinaly of battle-
ships as armored ships, saying that they had
cut littleor no figure in the late war. It was
certain, he said, that the gun, not the ship,
dominated the ocean. As to the armor plate
companies, he warned them that two could play
at their game, and that when the United States
undertook to play a game it intended to win.
Mr. Penrose (Rep, Pa.) offered an amend-
ment authorizing the payment of $545 a
ton for armor for the battleships Maina
Ohio and Missouri, and entered upon a
defence of the armor plate companies as having

been the pioneers of the iron and steel indus- |

try of the United States and as being composed
of honorable men. Such charges as had been
made against them should not, he sald, be tol-
erated or borne in silence, and he protested
against them as unsubstantiated by fact

Mr Elkins (Rep., W. Va.) took strong grounds
against the proposition for a Government

armor plate plant, and condemned the Naval |

Committee for presenting it as a threat against
the manufacturers. Why, he asked, should not
the Secretary of the Navy be trusted to pum
chase the necessary armor at such prices as he
and his experts might approve. He could not
understand why Senators, who understood
nothing about such a complicated business,
should insist upon fixing prices. It was not
businesslike.

Mr. Tillman—Does the Senator suppose that
the Secretary of the Navy knows more about
the question than Senators do?

Mr. Flkins—Well, I do not know, but I am
sure he knows more about it than the Senator
from South Carolina. (Laughter.) The Sena-
tor has demonstrated during the last three
davs that he knows nothing about it. His
ignorance is absolutely dense and opaque
(Laughter ]

‘Lhe discussion was continued by Senators
Perkins (Rep., Cal), Teller (Sil. Rep., Col.),
Hale (Rep, Me.), and Allison (Rep., Ia.).
Mr, Allison expressed opposition to the es-
tablishment of a Government armor plate
factory, but said that he would vote for the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs. He wasconvinoed that instead
of armor plate costing $300 in a Government
factory, it would cost at least double that
amount, Still he would vote for a Government
factory if the plate companies should refuse to
make a contract at $445 a ton, but he ventured
the prediction that it would be four years
before a plate of Krupp armor would be
furnished by the Government factory

After further discussion an agreement was
reached, by unanimous consent, that all de-
bate on the armor plate propositions shall
cease at 3 P. M. to-morrow, and that then the
vote shall be taken on the pending amend-
ments. The Senate adjourned until to-morrow.

SUMMONS FOR ICE TRUST MEN,

President and Directors of the American Ice
Compano Appear in the Police Coart.

City Magistrate Zeller issued summonses last
night, returnable in the Centre street police
court on Monday morning, for the President
and directors of the American Ice Company.
A committee of taxpayers, headed by the rep-
resentative of a local newspaper, called on the
Magistrate at his home last night, and presented
an affidavit, accusing the ice company officials
of misdemeanor, under the chapter of the code
which so characterizes combinations in re-
straint of trade. They asked for summonses
and the Magistrate issued them

The summons are for President George W
Morse of the American Ice Company and the
following directors: David W. Hunt, JohnR

| Bennett, John B. Schoonmaker, Wesley M.

Oler, Charles B, Church, Edwin Campbell, John
Bauer, John L Cavanagh and Charles Devoe,
The papers will probably be served to-day.
Magistrate Zeller will succeed Magistrate Flam-
mer onthe bench at the Centre street police
court on Monday,

Comptroller Coler proposed a method of deal-
ing with the ice situation yesterday. He said
that he was heartily in favor of establishing a
municipal ice plant which would produce all
the joe needed by the city. The proposition, he
said, was feasible, as the city owns property
which could be used for foe making at once
Centre Market, he said, is not paying expenses
and an ice plant could be built there with-
out delay. The Comptroller is not certain
about the right of the city
go into the ice-making business under the
present charter, but said that he meant to sug-
gest to the Charter Revision Commission the in-
sertion of a clause giving the city the right at
any time to manufacture necessities. Presi-
dent Guagenheimer of the Municipal Council is
also in favor of a city ice plant and it was said
yesterday that he and Mr. Coler as members of
the Board of Estimate and Apportionment wil!
bring the plan before that body in the near fu-
ture

A number of meetings have been organized
for nexi week for the purpose of protesting
against the advance in the price of ice mada
by the American Ice Company. One will be
held by the City Vigilance League at 312
West Fifty-fourth street, at which Frank Moss
will preside Mr. Moss said yesterday that Tam-
nany aod Tammany alone was responsible for
therdvane: in the price of ice, Tammany is

) nova mere annex of the Tee Trust, he sald, but

kr

M (lem, Va) took the same grounds
a Lior the establishment of a Govern-
2 ' Heal charged the Armor Plate
‘ ng the Government by the throat, |
m ‘hand plungedinto the breast
® r had nourished and de-
fended it, and with tt eother hand deap into the
dh pocke (he point of temporizing with
ao ', hac’ passed, and the point
oat r { when the trust must be
+ | easity forthe fight was on the
; ! vas tor flehting the truat here
: HW id not eansent to buy one
" ; Veolarmor from the trust which had
bv % Bpeantng of the possibilities

Maniel anid

a , ’ 1 ~tites will always defend and
“i e ’ Doetrine, and the better

‘ der »t and the farther the
s dee ofthat taet permeates mankind, the
ty. te ‘anniod and the better for the coun-
le Go not thin at knowledge of that fact

tsely To provoke war, To my mind it will act
WA palliative 1 do not believe that there is
@QY Nation on ihiseart! o fatuous and so blind

ia the lee Trust. With Tammany Hall it is a
plain business proposition. When this state-
ment was shown to John F. Carroll he read it
carefully over two or three times and then
said

“Tshould like awfully to say something on
this matter but under the circumstances I can-
not

Siow in New Hampshire.

Mancnester, N H, May 11.—This was the
coldest day inthe monthof May for twenty

years. Snow fell twice and the mercury
dropped to 23 above zero in this city

Center of American Metropolis
Is Grand Central Station of the New York Central in
42d Street. You can reach It in from half a minute to
fifteen minutes from 77 New York hotels, 65 clubs
and 31 theaters —Ada

 

to |

 

WANAMAKER

CHARGES VIRTUAL BLACKMAIL UPON
MAYOR ASHBRIDGE,

'

| Saye Mayor Demanded That Attacks of the
| “North American’ Should Cease or Alleged
| Scandals in Wanamaker's Life Would
} Be Exposed-Language of the Threats.
|

Partapenpnia, May 1. -Samuel HW. Ash
| bridge was elected to the mayoralty of this oty
| a year ago last April. Soon after that date
| Thomas B. Wanamaker, son of John Wana-
| maker, became proprietor of the North Amer-

fean, which has locally been regarded as the
mouthpiece of John Wanamaker,and which has
since it came under the Wanamaker manage-
| ment been most bitter in its attacks on former
United States Senator M. 8. Quay and any and
all of those connected with him in the manipu-
lation of political affairs in Pennsylvania,
| From the time Mayor Ashbridge assumed the
duties of office he has acknowledwed the lead-
| ership of the Quay faction, has made appoint-
ments at the behest of Quay lieutenants, has
supported bills advocated by Senator Penrose
| and Insurance Commissioner I. W. Durham,
and in every way has bent to the Quay power

Whether Wanamaker personally inspired it

or not, the North Americun has most harshly

criticised the actions of the Mayor, and, where

ridicule was effective, has nade fun of him and

his administration. The Mayor is a man who

brooks no criticism, and makes all whom he

can control bow to him. He regards John
|! Wanamaker as personally responsible for che
attitude of the North American, and, recently,
in the hope that he might compel the cessation
of the attacks, sent for Wanamaker,

An interview took placein the Mayors private

office, the result of which was that Mr. Wana-
| maker was forced to have the tables in the aisles
of his department store removed, the Mayor
having threatencd to close his store unless
he complied with the order, his Building In-
spectors having made a report that the store
; Was unsafe. Since that time the paper has
been somewhat considerate of the Mayor,
| The signing of the Keystone Telephone bill,
| which was passed by Councils@ week ago and
| which received the signature of the Mayor,
| notwithstanding fact that the most sub-
| stantial business men and most influential trade
organizations of the city appeared before
him to protest against it, caused the Narth
American ittack the Mayor
As a consequence the Mayor has made an at-
tempt to shut off the criticism of the paper and
this time, it is asserted, resorted to threats to
| divulge secrets that would affect the reputa-
tion of Johu Wanamaker unless he stopped the
| publication of the articles which were con-
| sidered obnoxious. The threats to divulge these
|
'

the

again to

secrets were made by Director of Public Safety
, English, the head of the police department, a
| young man who for nearly twenty years has

been the friend and adviser of the Mayor and
who served as his chief clerk whue he was Cor-
oner ‘

Mr. Wanamaker’s statement ts as follows:

1 deem it my duty ty submit to the public the
following narration of ap incident which took
lace in my office on Thursday morning last.
"nder ordinary circumstances there possibly
could be no excuse made for the intrusion of
such a private matter on the public attention
| but when a powerful city official, the chief
| counsellor of the Mayor, controlling the police
| force of a municipality, threatens a citizen
with a deliberataly concocted and scandalous
attack on his character unless he silences Ki
criticisms of anewspaper upon the acts of public
officials the occurrence is more than a private
avievance—it is an incident of far-reaching
4nd menacing import. No nore insidious and
terrorizing form of blackmail could be devised.
| The threat of the (hief of Police of a great

 

 

city, speaking for a Mayor and municipal ad-
ministration, is no idle boust. Itisamonstrous
and audacious attempt to intimidate and coerce
by an unlawful and revolting abuse of power.
To be silent under such circumstances would
be an encouragement to lawless and truculent
officials vested with authority with which they
can harass and oppress. It would embolden
the perpetrators of such practices and put
weak men at their mercy. | reward it, there-
fore, as a duty to the newspaper press of the
city and country, as well as to the entire com-
munity, to lay before tbe public the following
facts

Yesterday morning, shortly after 9 o'elock
Mr. James Hovt, a messenger in the office of
the Director of Public Safety, cameto see me
| and said that Director bnglish vo like to
| have an interview at m: offiee, I replied that
I would be glad to see the director, and would
remain until he came. In about twenty min-
utea Director of Public Safety Abraham |,
English, in company with Commissioner of City
Property George G. Pierie, entered my office
After a few greetings, Director bknglish said
to me:

“TL have come over here to talk to yon about
these attacks on the Mayor and the Adminis-
tration in the North American. Alter the talk
| he and | had with vou last December | thought
there would be no more trouble about it, and
the paper did appareritly stop for a while, but
it was only a litle while, and they have been
going on ever since. The Mayor and I have
stood it now for a vear, and we are not going
to stand it any longer.”
| He then said tome, “Have you seen the North
| American this morning?”
| I said, “Yes; but I have not read it.”
|
|

 

“Well,” he replied, “there these attacks ap-
pear again in a big double-column editorial,
| and we aren't going to stand it any longer
| )This editorial referred to Was in eriticism of
the Mayor's’ approval of the Keystone Tele-
| phone ordinance b
| At this point [said to him: “Wed, Mr. Director,
in view of the character of this conversation
| which vou have entered upon,as von have
| brought a witness along with you I think J shall
| ask some one to come in to be present upon my
part to hear what takes place
! | thereupon stepped to an outer office and
requested my secretary, Mr. Meyers, to come
in, which he did. After Mr. Meyers arrived
the conversation was resumed by my saying
to Mr. English that I couldonly reply tohim now
asl did last December, when | was summoned
to his office ostensibly in connection with a
matter relating to the Board of Building In-
apectors, after refusing to treat with my builder
and when [ was taken by him (Mr. Fnglish),
into the presence of the Mayor in his office
who in the midst of discussions about our build-
ing, demanded of me then that 1 should step

the attacks of the North American. I said
then: “The North American is the property
of my son, Thomas Bo Wanamaker, and is
controlled and managed by him alone. I

have nothing todo with its publication. ”

Mr, English then replied, after a brief refer-
ence to the conversation between him and the
Mayor and myself last December There is
no use in your saying that you are not con-
nected with the North American, for, while
the proverty and the papermight bein the name
of Thomas B. Wanamaker. it was your money
that paid for the paper. Let us leave out all
| this matter of the past and talk about the fue
ture TI want to know whether you are woing
to stop these attacks on ua in the North Amer-
ldcan, Mr. Thomas Wanamaker is your part-
ner and ycu have already said that you can
control your partners ”

fo this I replied That remark related to
my mereantile business, as you very well know,
and did not apply to Mr. Thomas RB. Wana-
maker's other affairs He is a man 40 years
!old and abundantly able to own the North

American or three paper , if he wants to

Mr. English then sald TI want vou to ans-
wer me yes or no whether von intend to stop
the North American's attacks '

IT replied “You are knocking at the wrong
| door rhe paper is not mine, but my son's:
it is his property, and he alone manages, con-
trols and directs it, and T have no part in it.”

Thereafter the conversation proceeded as
follows

Director English Wh: nobody will he
lieve that. not one in ten will believe thar you

do not own and run the paper

Mr. Wanamaker--That implies that vou
do not believe it either, though I have ao often
reiterated the fact to vou. That is as much
As to say that you think | am a liar

Director English 1 did not say that you
were A liar, but | want vour answer, yes or
no whether vou are going to stop this North

Amenecan matter

Mr. Wanamaker -I will not interfere in any
Way Whatever, not to the extent of one inch
with whatever Mr. Thomas B Wanamaker,
who owns and controls the North American,
intends to do with it. and T will not permit you,
as Director of Public Satety, or the Mayor him-
self, even if he were President of the United
States, to dictate to me ona question like this

Director English Very well then IT want
to give you notice that for eight months we have
been looking up your personal record from
the time you were Postmaster-General, We
have followed vou throughout Washington
Philadelphia, New York, and even in Furope,
and we have fortified ourselves with affidavits
against you, and since you have heen attack-
| ing other people we will now take our turn

   

SATURDAY, MAY 12, 19

  
  

 

 
   

0.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, B

   

on you At this point I turned to my secre-
tary and suid to him: “Write down that the [n-
rector of Public Safety says that he means to
attack my personal character because I do not
slop the Meh American busiens,”

irector English interjected that he did not
use the word “attack.”

Mr. Wanamaker -It is very plain what you
used and what you mean, You threaten me
with affidavits, which you say you have col-
lected tor the purpose of using

Director English) Well, you are vulnerable,

Mr. Wanamaker. Yes; all mortals are. |
have no doubt in your position you can get affi-
davits that would extend from here to the Dela-
ware; and I am not surprised at what you say
and threaten. This is in accord with your
course last winter, when you began to perse-
cite the firm about this building; and now you
threaten to turn on me personally, Let me
“ you can do what you like, and I oety you,
_ Director English—You are very bold.” That
is a very good bluff

Mr. Wanamaker. -It is the truth that is bluf-
fing you; and you may perhaps find that there
is information in reward to your people, that I
have not gone out after or collected, but which
is very common.

Director English (Raising his finger and
shaking it at me) - Well, sir, T insist that you
shall stop these attacks of the North Amencan
on the Administration. If you do not, you
will have no one to blame for the consequences
but yourself, We will not stand it any longer,
and we give vou notice. You can stop it if
you want to

Mr. Wanamaker -Your language is offen-
sive and grossly insulting. You come to me
in my private offiee and practically call me a
a liar, and threaten me with the use of affida-
vits,which vou say you have collected against
my character, if T do not comply with vour
wishes and stor the publication of a certain
newspaper in criticism of your administration,
Tecan hold no further conversation with you and
T request you to leave my office at once.

Mr English then left the office with his com-
panion.

AGED RIVALS

 

FIGHT.

Seventy eight-year-old Henry Tilton Shoots
Sixty-four-year-old Samuel Dean.

Trenion, N. J., May 11.—Samuel Dean, aged
64, and Henry Tilton, aged 78, two well-known
citizens here, have been quarrelling for some
time about Mary Enright, aged 28. Each wants
to marry her and their animosity has resulted
in both being arrested and the town being ex-
elted over the attempt of one to kill the other,
Dean was shot through the wrist by Tilton, the
first of two shots fired from his pistol taking ef-
fect. The shooting took place late yesterday
and to-day Tilton was held to answer before
the Grand Jury for the shooting. Tilton also
had Dean arrested on a charge of atrocious
assault, and he also was held on bail

Dean has been in love with the woman for
over a year. She livedat Tilton’s home asa
housekeeper. Some time ago Dean recelved
orders from the girl not to come and see her
any more She was alonet{n the house yester-
day when Dean called. She says for some rea-
son he attempted to strike her, at which time
Tilton appeared Dean escaped from the
house with Tilton in chase. The men got to-
gether on the sidewalk and exchanged blows,
Tilton then drew a revolver and fired the two
shots, At the hearing to-day before Police Jus-
tice Cook, Tilton admitted the shooting, but
sald he acted in self-defence.

THE PRISONER WAS A HYPNOTIST,

He Practised the Art on the Tarnkey and Was
Let Ont of Jaf,

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 11.--A peculiar case
of jail delivery is reported from the town of
Geneva, where Frank Steed was arrested and
placed in jail on a charge of assault with intent
to kill. At noon yesterday Turnkey John-
son went to Steed’s ceil to serve him
with dinner. Afterward, when Johnson was
found, it was several minutes before he oould
be induced to talk, and when he did so it was
with great effort that he could be understood.
He finally said that all he remembered
was that Steed had fixed his eyes upon
him and had told him te unlock the door
and let him out. He did not know why
he did so, but he obeyed the request
and was powerless to stop the prisoner
as he walked out through the door, though he
knew that he should not have doneao. Tt de-
veloped later in the day that Steed, who wasa
stranger in the town, was a hypnotistand had
practised the art in the country before going
into the town where he got intoa fight witha
saloon keeper

SHE*°LL WALL OFF WER NEIGHBOR,

 

 

Twenty-eight Feet of Solid Brick to Sep-
arate Mrs. Wendel From Miss Parker.

As the result of a disagreement between Mrs,
Mary A. Wendel, widow of John D. Wendel, who
was a well-known real estate owner, and Miss
Mary A Parker, who carries on the business of

dressmaking at 1 West Thirty-ninth street, Mre
Wendel! proposes to have a brick wail built. be-
tween her dwelling at 442 Fifth avenue and Miss
Parker's house. Plans for the proposed fence
were filed with Commissioner Brady yesterday
by J. B Snook & Son, architects for Mra.
Wendel They cal! fora sectional wall, 6 feet
wide and 28 feet high, to be placed in front of
the light shaft at the rear of her house, so as to
shut off the view from_ certain side windows in
Miss Parker's house. It was explained by the
architecta yesterday that a proposed rearrange-
ment of the bathrooms in Miss Parker's house
was objectionable to Mrs. Wendel and made
the construction of the proposed fence neces-
fary

 

WHY THE HOTEL SMOKED.
*“Bugs,"’ Remarked the Porter, Waving the
Firemen Back,

The Majestic Hotel at 270 Bowery, which is
suing the Hotel Majestic uptown for misappro-
priation of its name with consequent alienation

of patronage, fumigated some of its rooms yes-
terday. The Itallans in the Elizabeth street
tenements in the rear, seeing the smoke,
jumpedto the conclusion that there was a fire
and bexan to throw their things into the
street. The firemen were calledand came, only
to find the hote! porter waving them back with
the laconic remark, “bugs.” Chief Kenny led
bis crew home, a much angered man

MR, KELLER WILL DO HIS bDUTY,

 

That Is, If He Can See It, bat He's Not Sure
It's Visible.

President John W. Keller of the Democratic
Club, who is also President of the Department
of Charities, said yesterday that if it was possi-
ble to prove that any such poker game as that
{n which Maurice Cntermyer is said to have
won $10,000 waa played at the Democratic
Club, he would at once begin action against
winner and loser to recover five times the
amount won and lost under the — statute
which THE SUN brought to his attention vester-
day Mr Keller is pot over-eonfident that he
can obtain the necessary proof

HER HUSBAND WAS TOO BASHFUL,

Judge Spiegel Grants Mrs, Scally a Divorce
in Consequence.

CINCINNATI, May 11. Judge Spiegel to-day
granted to Christine Seally a divorce from John
Seally, who said he was too bashfulfoer months
to live with his wife Seally was a bookkeeper
for the Peck Willamson Company, but re-
signed and left Cincinnati when his voung wife
sued foralimony. The veung folks met during
a bicyele ride. This is the third Judge to tackle
the case Months ago Judge Davis awarded to
the wifealimony. Judge Jelke tried the hus-
band for contempt of court, and now Judge
Spiegel grants her liberty, .

TOWEDE.J. PENNINGTON OF LONDON

Mrs. Marie Alice Durant Takes Out a Mar-
riage License In Milwankee,

MILWAUKEE, Wis, May 11. Mrs Marie Alice
Durant of New York to-day took out a license
for her marriage with Edward J. Pennington
of London. Mrs Durant some vears ago was a
srominent society leader of this city, but left
ner husband andsinee that timeshe has been
living in New York. She asked the clerk not to
give out any informationabout her coming
marriage, because she wanted the matter oon
secret ao aa nottorevive thestories of the di-
vorce in which she later figured

The Transpacific Route
Is naturally the great peewoatt line of America, the
Four Track New York Central Sae No, 21 ofthe
“Four-Track Series. "'—Ade.

Y THE SUN PRINTING AN

 

   

 

HE HAD MARRIED HER, BUT HAD
THE TIE ANNULLED.

 

 

She Had Another Husband Living, bat Prom-
ised She'd Do Marder if the Policeman
Left Her--Tried Once Hefore, bat Failed
~Says She Did It Because She Loved Him.

Philip C. Dreiser, a policeman of the Kast
Twenty-second street station, was shot and
killed yesterday afternoon by Catherine Cos-
tello, from whom he obtained a divorce a week
ago afier a former husband, John Costello, had
testified that he married the woman ten yéars
ago, but left her a week later, because she beat
him on the head with a beer bootle while he was
asleep. The Costellos were never divorved.

Dreiser married the woman last June at St
Anne's Church Three months ago the
woman's ten-year-old daughter, Nellie, ap-
peared at their home and claimed
the policeman as her step-father
The child's = mother then confessed

that she had a husband living, but told Dreiser
that if he tried to wet rid of her she
would kill him He began proceedings the
next Gay to have his marriage annulled, The
woman heard of {t and tried to carry out her
threat then.

She met the policeman at Cen-
tre and Duane

streets, pointed a pistol
at his head and pulled the _ trig-
ger. but the cartridge — failed to
Cxphode Dreiser arrested the woman, but
refused to press a complaint against her when
she was arraigned in the Centre street police
court and she was Piacharged

After the separation Dreiser went to live with
his parents at 888 East Thirty-firat street. The
woman continued to keep house in the flat that
Dreiser had furnished at 288 Faat Fifty-second
atreet, The policeman went to that flat yester-
day afternoon to get.a crayon portralt of him-
self and the errand,cost him his life. The
woman fired two shota from a heavy
revolver into his head. The first bullet, flred
from behind, lodged back of his right ear. The
other entered Just above the lefteye and passed
through tie head. Preiser was removed
to the Presbyterian Hospital, where he died
two hours after the shooting, without having
regained consclousness.

fter killing the policeman the woman ran
from the house, stopping long enough in the
hall to tell another tenant what she had
done In Fifty-second street she met
Acting Captain Lantry of the East Fifty-first
street station and Detective MacCauley. She
told them about the shooting and then led them
back to the flat, where they found the dying
policeman on the bedroom floor with his coat
and collar off

“T shot him because I loved him,"’ the woman
exclaimed when she saw Dreiser = “People
Baye tried to separate us, but now they can’t
lo it.”

In searching the rooms the police found a
etter from a lawyer direoted to Mrs. Costello,
nforming her that she could not get a divorcee
rom her husband until she could prove that
er first husband was dead }
Dretser was appointed to the police force in
1896. He had _ a good record, but was frequently
transferred from one post to another at his
own request to avold the Costello woman, who
followed him about and nagged him whether
he was on duty or not. He was 2 years o}

So is the woman. She was formerly Catherine
McAvoy.

PIRE IN

THE CABLE

Blagzed Eight Feet in the Air and Lit up Dead
Man's Curve for Half an Hour.
Persons near Broadway and Fourteenth
street at 11:50 o'clock Inst night were startled
by anexplosion. Then asheet of fame shot up

SLOT.

 

from the cable slot of the Broadway ra‘l-
road It extended over the — entire
block on Fourteenth street from curve

to curve, leaped fully elght feet into the air
and kept burning that until the fire depart-

ment arrived. It is supposed that the
friction of the wheels set on fire some
of the oil waste in the subway und

caused gas toexplode, A fireman went down
a manhole with a hose and after ten minutes
of drenching, the flames were extingushed.
The line was blocked for half an hour and an
immense crowd gathered

LILTON MAY WAIT AWHILE,

 

Sir Thomas Uncertain About Challenging
Again for the Cup.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, May 11 Sir Thomas Lipton now
receives credit forsaying that on account of
the war it is uncertain when he will challenge
again for the America’s Cup He declares that
the Shamrock will certainly compete in the in-
ternational races on the Clyde in 1901. If he
challenges for the Cup in 1901 he willsend the
new boat to the Clyde if the time of the races
there is convenient.

MR, MURPHY'S LOST ROLL,

$3,100, Which Seems Part of It, Recovered
From One Allen.

More about the theft on Thursday night
of $4,000 from “Mike Murphy,” sporting man
from the West, in a flat In West Sixty-fourth
street, was revealed yesterday when Acting
Capt. Kear of the West Sixty-eiglith street
station arraigned in the West Side police court
the two women, May Meyer and Kitty Alli-
son, who were arrested on Murphy's complaint,
and Mr. Murphy himself, who had been de-
tained on a charge of intoxication, With
the three the captain brought along an ex-
pensively dressed young man whose fingers
were decorated with several large diamond
rings and who described himeelf as Theodore

Allen of 547 Manhattan avenue. Capt. Kear
explained that a short time after the women
were locked up on Thursday night the Alli-
son woman called for a messenger and gave
him a note to take to Theodore Allen at 547

Manhattan avenue. The note read: “Call
at once. We are in trouble, but do not say
anything.” Kirry

‘apt. Kear held up the messenger at the door,
read the note and then determined to carry the
message to Allen himself. He took with him
Detective Saver. Allen's mother, who wearsa
widow's weeds, saw them at thehouse. She
told Capt. Kear that her son was not in, so they
waited outside until 5 o’clock in the morning.
The young man returned then and was arrested
andlockedup. When he was searched at the
police station a pocket book bearing Murphy's
name and containing $3,100 was found upon

him. He also had a pocketbook which one of
the women said was hers Allen saidin court
that he didn’t know anything about the

ocketbooks except that the women had given
hem to him for safe keeping in the afternoon

Murphy had a bad headache and had lost his
necktie, so that in court he presented a woe-
begone appearance. The police said that he
was from Wheeling, W. Va, and was the owner
of thirty-one horses now at the Aqueduet
and Morris Park tracks — His companion of the
yrevious day didn't give his name to the police,
Bt the police said he lived on the upper West
Side. and that his last name was Stone

Alien and the two women asked to have their
examination postponed to Wednesday. They
were held in $2,000 ball each. Allen was bailed
out jate in the afternoon by his mother, who
went all the time she was in eourt. Murphy
anid in court that his right name was Maurice
J.,and not Mike, Murphy as he had given it on
Thursday pight. The Magistrate dismissed
the charge of intoxication against him

SURPRISE 10 AN ICE TRUST,

An Independent Company Formed Quietly in
Hartford — Five-Cent Pleces,

Hartronp, Conn, May it. The promoters of
the independent ice company which is being
formed of business men to fl@ht the Tee Trust,
announced to-day that all the capital stock of
$10,000 had been subscribed for. The local lee
Trust was quietly formed and suddenly sprung

last summer, andalthough there was much in-
dignoant diseussion the merchants were caught
and couldn't help themselves. This season

they kept quiet and have now sprung
their stock company nm the trust as
a surprise Every ice company in
the city is in the combination

and at the opening of this season they hitehed
the prices up another couple of pegs in addition
to the advance of last year) They also contir-
ued tho rule of no five-cent pieces, which
caused mucti suffering and a general outery
last summer Then came the announcement
of the independent stock company and the
combine has been trying to find out “where it
is at’ ever since

The new company is composed of the leading
market men, grocers, saloonkeepers, hotel men
and druggists Tt will have plenty of ice to
furnish the stockholders and public, and will
sell five-cent pieces,

FA

\

WOMAN KILLS A POLICEMAN

D PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

|
|
|
|
|

1 cp TID ian icemisiceacaaat

———_

at ne ve /
re PSL”
4 s s“ Y
; 4 (
o-

  

ROCHESTER'S FORGED SCHOOL LAW.
Tho Trick by Which a Bill Was Signed That
Never Passed the Legislature.
Rocaesten, May 11. Investigations of the
forgery of a clause in the Dow School law for
Rochester, by which it * impossible for the
School Board to dispense with the services of
Superintendent Noyes, as it is reported they
desire to do, are going on simultaneously in this
city and Albany. The demand fora public in-
vestigation is heard on all sides, and there is a
certainty that ifthe person who incorporated
the clause is dis 20vered it will be somebody who

holds a high office.

The investigation of the forgery made at
Albany leads to the conclusion that two sepa-
Yate Dow bills were printed, one containing the
forged clause. Apparently, the one not having
the forged clause passed both houses, but the
bill with the forged clause was sent to the Gov-
ernor. The bill without the objectionable
clause was sent on to Rochester and approved,
but upon its going back to Albany it appears
beyond question that the forged bill was sub-
stituted so the Governor would think the copy
sent to him was the same as the bill approved
here. The trick was successful, and the Gov-
ernor signed the bill containing the forged
clause

 

YOUTH KILLS A WIDOW.

 

Murders Her on the Street for Alienating the
Affections of His Father.

Sparta, Wis, May 11.—-About 1 o'clock this
morning Elmore Benjamin, aged 20, shot and
killed Mrs, Emma Priest, aged 38, a widow.
Young Benjamin accused Mrs. Priest of alienat-
ing the affections of his father from his family,
consisting of a wife two daughters and him-
self. The tragedy took place near the Benja-
min home. The meeting was probably acei-
dental. Young Benjamin was on his way
home from a nearby restaurant. He fired two
shots! the first shot went wide of the mark, but
the second took effect, and she fell dead to the
sidewalk. Young Benjamin then returned to
the restaurant, and telling the proprietor of
what he had done gave himself up to the city
authorities. Mrs. Priest leaves a fifteen-year-
old daughter.

—

HIS LIFE TO SAVE CHILDREN'S,

 

Driver Palls His Ranaway Team Into an
Elevated Pillar, but Avoids a May Party.

Charles Krancher of 644 Fast 151st street, the

driver of a brewery wagon, lost control
of his horses at 147th street and Third
avenue yesterday and they ran away. When

they approached 149th street, Krancher saw
that they would runinto a big truck filled with
children going to a May party unless he
deliberately guided the horses into one of the
elevated pillars. He turned the horses to the pil-
lar, and when his wagon struck it he was hurled
from his seat and his skull was fractured. At
Fordham Hospital it wassaid that he would
probably die.

 

JOHN RUSKIN'S ESTATE,

He Inherited $1,000,000 and had $50,000
When He Died.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

Lonnon, May 11.--The net value of the estate
of the late John Ruskin has been sworn to at
£10,311 78. 6d) He inherited £200,000 from his
father in 1864, but distributed his fortune fif-
teen years ago, retaining for himself only suf-
ficient capital to vield him £1 a day.

Mr. Ruskin bequeaths all his unpublished
matter to Johanna Severn and Prof. C. BE
Norton of Cambridge, Mass. He revokes bya
codicil to his will a bequest to the Bodleian
Iibrary of books, portraits and drawings by
himeelf and Turner

PORTLAND MINE'S RICH STRIKE.

 

A Vein of Gold Ore Fifty-seven Feet Wide
Said to Have Been Opened.

CoLoRADO Springs, Col, May 11.- Irving
Howbert, a director of the Portland Gold Min-
ing Company, said to-day that the recent
advance in the price of shares of
that company was due to the fact
that at the 7+-foot, level a vein had
been opened which Is fifty-seven feet wide.
Fvery foot of this veln is ore. A streak of fair
size runs 300 ounces in gold to theton. Four
feet of the vein runs from 15 to 20 ounces
This, so far as is known, is the largest vein, all
mineral, ever opened in any mine in any
country.

CROKER'S BOND COMPANY SUBMITS,

 

 

Will Yield to Coler and Put tn the Tombs
Lighting and Heating Plant.

It was stated yesterday that the Croker-
Freedman bonding coneern, the United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company, and the
Amertean Bonding and Trust Company had
decided to complete the work of installing an
electric and steam plant in the new Tomba
prison, they having been on the bond of the

Armstrong-Rolton Company, which had the
contract and failed without comoleting it. It
was because the companies failed to do this
that Comptroller Coler issued an order on April
20, refusing to accept either of thern as sureties
yntil ‘ settlement of the matter could be ef-
ectec

Snow and Ictcles In May.

Port Jervis, N. Y., May 11 --There was a
light fall of snow here for two hours early this
morning. At Milford, Pa, six miles distant,
the snowfall was half an inch. On the Dela-
ware division of the Erie, at the summit, icicles
from twelve to fourteen inches long have been
hanging from the rocks all the week, and at
Susquehanna they formed on the water tanks
one foot in length. For three mornings the
thermometer has been helow freezing point,
and much damage has resulted to early garden
truck.

 

 

 

Negro Lynched in West Virginia.

Anton, W. Va, May 11. ~ William Lee,
colored, was lynched hera to-night by a
masked crowd of 100 men. He was taken from
the jail at 1115 o'clock. On Wednesday he
attempted to assault Mrs. HH. Diefenbach, a
Chesapeake and Ohio telegraph operator at
Sandstone, seven miles west of this city, He
confessed the crime.

Here After Evidence in Welland Canal Case,

Chief of Police Murray of Toronto came to
this city vesterday to obtain further evidence
the men who are under arrest in
Canada charged with attempting to destroy

the Welland Canal with dynamite Chief Mur-
ray is at the Imperial Hotel. He said last even-
ina that the eonviction of the three men now
under arrest seemed inevitable, and that he
did not believe any other arrests would be
made

against

Found 61,400 in Bonds Under the Floor,

Mancuester, No A, May tt —Workmen re-
modelling a house in Hooksett, N. H., to-day
found a tin box in the flooring which contained
$1,400 in Government bonds of the date of 1870
andsome goldecoin The property is supposed
to be part of the estate of Mary Ann Reming-
ton who was eceentric and who onee occupied
the house Several persons have lived in it
since her death, twentypyears ago

Lockjaw Caused by a Golden Rod Stalk,

New Haves, May tt. -Tames Reynolds of
Rranford, Conn., about 17 years of age, is orit-
feally i! at his home with lockjaw While play-
ing ball two weeks ago, Reynolds fell intoa
clump of golden rod atalks, one of which pierced
hishand. Ali the slivers of golden rod were not
removed and lockjaw developed within the past
few days Sa ted Lea .

Ride an "'O'Nelll'"’ Bloycle.

A well bulit wheel, embracing all the latest features
three grades to piek from, $15.75, $19.75 and $24.75.
Ob Ave. 291h to 219tSt.—Ade _—

 

Pair and warmer to-day and to-morrow;

south winds.

   
    

PRICE TWO CENTS.

JEFFRIES WINS.

Knocks Ont Corbett in the Twenty
third one

A FAST FIGHT THROUGHOUT.

Great Cleverness and Remarkable Bale
lies by Corbett,

The Former Champion, Rated by Crittes @
Back Number, Makes Jeffries Look Like@
Lumbering Amateur While He Lasts Op
His Skill, Generalship and Speed—Whee
Finally He Tires, the Bollermaker Weare
Him Down With Tremendoas Rashes and
Finally Pats Him Ont With a Left-Hand@
Panch on the Jaw Nearly 10,000 Persons
See fhe Encounter at the Coney Island Clad
~The Betting Is Light and Before the Mea
Enter the Ring the Odds Are 3 to 2 os
Jeffries—Both Men in Fine Condition—
Jeffries's Weight 212 and Corbett's 182,

Though James J Corbett was fairly knocked
out in the twenty-third round of the heavy-
weight championship flight at Coney Island last
night and thereby failed to wrest the honors
from James J, Jeffries, who landed the deciding
punch, the former champion demonstrated to @
crowd of nearly ten thousand spectators that
he isthe most expert boxerin the world, also
that he js game to the core and that if he had
met Jeffries when le whipped Sullivan the pres-
ent champion might have/een beaten,

As it was, Corbett proved to be a big surprise,
Rated by critics all over the country a back
number and regarded as so by publie, Corbett
succeeded in regaining much of his old-time
form by diligent training, and when he got
intothering Jast night he was a new mante
many who had seen him fight Sharkey at the
Lenox Club ayear ago. In point of boxing
skill, generalship, blows of every description

and speed, Corbett while he lasted
made Jeffries look like a lumbering
amateur. Rut Jeffries had the strength to

stand all the rapid jabs that were fired into his
face even though they drew the blood from his
nose and mouth, and when Corbett began to
tire, the big boilermaker with tremendous
rushes wore him down and finally dropped hina
with a left-hand punch on the jaw.

The knockout came unexpectedly. It was
the result of constant boring tactics Jeff had
tried for twenty-tworounds to get in just sucha
blow and had missed his man time and time
again But with bulldog tenacity and per-
severance the champion finally succeeded and
when Corbett got this blow he was put to sleep
beyond any question of doubt

It was the old story of a magnificent boxer
meeting a rugged, muscular, heavy hitter

capable of taking all kinds of punishe
ment in order to get in a decisive
smash Corbett showed one weakness

That was inability to hit with the power of Fits
andSharkey He got to Jeff oftener and better
than either of these pugilists did, but his blows,
beyond bruising the champion's eyes, nose and
mouth, did not beat him down

WHERB CORBETT CAME NEAR WINNING,

There was just one pointinthe fight where
Corbett came near winning. That was in the
ninth round, when, witha grand rally of swings,
he caught Jeff on the jaw and actually had
the big man staggering. But the champiea
recovered so quickly from the force of the
blow that when the round ended Corbett had
to begin all over again

Corbett began the fight with wonderful leg
work. Heseemed to have studied Jeffries «>
that he knew just howto fight him, forhe
danced around him rapidly and threw in left-
handers that made the big man blink andshake
hishead Weaving inand out, avoiding great
rushes and heavy blows, blocking drives that
might have brokena rib and showing wondere
ful defence, Corbett made the crowd stand up
and cheer in the first two rounds, because ne
such exhibition of selentifile work had ever been
seen in this vicinity before. But in the third
round Jeffries, who was sent out to do the
work instead of letting Corbett do it, droves
heavy right into the body which showed that
his punching power if it was properly landed
was sure to drop the pompadour boxer some
time before the limit

Jeff paid more attention to the body in the
fourth and fifth rounds than he did to any
other part of his oppdnent. This was done
while Corbett) continued to run around
and jab him in the face with left
handers, which, though not powerful enough
to put him down, banged him up perceptibly.

In the sixth and seventh, Corbett
because of several blows that had been
driven into his body, lost some of

is speedy manmuvres, but in the eighth he
rallied in grand style and had the round. As
told above Corbett had Jeffries wabbling a bit
in the ninth, and in the tenth and eleventh
rounds the former champion did so well thas
the crowd went wild

BLOWS TOO FAST TO COUNT

It was in the eleventh that Corbett rained the

blows in so fast with both hands thas
they could not be counted It was also
in this round that the blood appeared
from Jeffries's nose and mouth, which wag

the first shedding of claret inthe Qeht In the
twelfth and thirteenth rounds Corbett cone
tinued his remarkable scoring of points and he
hadanch an advantuge up to that time thae
had the rendered then Jefe
fries would But champioa
was the stronger and the younger, and though
Corbett’s condition was considers
{ng the length of time that he has been before
the publie, he « onld not stand the pace

Getting an even break in the fifteenth and
sixteenth rounds Corbett was still looked upos
probable winner, but after that the
to and the nines
who was rushing harder
and faster in every inning, seored a knock
down. That beginning of the end,
For in the twentieth Corbett, with the idea of
staying the limit, ranse much around the ring
that for the first time since the men put up
their hands he was hissed

Jeffries was sent outto settle the job inthe
twenty-first and twenty-second rounds Core
bett’s ability to keep away made it impossible
aveomplish the feat, but in the
rd Jeffries did the triek and
the championship Had the bout
the decision would have been
adraw with fairness to both men But because
of Jeffries seuperior strength, his incessant
leading and his marked advantage in the last
half of the fight it would not have been fair to
have given the decision to Corbett

Corbett sshowing was all the more remarkable
because of his long from active
training after his defeat at the hands of Fitz-
simmons High living broke Corbett's consti-
tution down, but from his appearance las
right he had regained hig health eam@ Qhap

decision been

lost the

have

remarkable

as a
pace hegan
teenth round Jeffries,

tell in

was the

to
twenty-t!
retained
gone the |imit

retirenjent