Sa

a

|
|

|

 

sen ee een

a

    

 

 

provedthat physical training 1s by no means

{ojurlous
JEPYRLES FORCED THE PACE.

enough todurt the big champion. Jeff did a
little sparring on his own account and then

 

his previous work and his blows were not hard | break the men. (n points this, was Corbett’s

round
THIRTEENTH ROUND

 

Jeffries fought Corbett differently from the | Made a face at the pompadour boxer Corbett blocked a rush with beautiful judg-
way he handled Fitzsimmons and Sharkey. which brought a laugh from the crowd.) ment as a starter Then he stood up and
Instead of letting Corbett foree the fight, he Corbett, after feeling about for a moment, | played with the champion in point of boxing
did the forcing himself Had he re- | Grovearighttothe body. Itwasagoodpunch | and foot work Jeff landed a righthand
mained on the defensive as he did with | butitdid not keep the big fellow off. Corbett | smash over the heart and a left near the
the Cornishman and sailor, Corbett would | tried a left for the head with success and then | solar plexus whieh made Corbett more sert-
undoubtedly have won hands down on) scooted away as Jeff bored tn with terrific ous, Jeffwent in again with determination,
points. When the fight was half over this awings. Jeff drove his man to the ropes witha | but Corbett ducked away from the left and
was appreciated by  Jeffries's seconds | swing which he brought back-handed to the | blocked the right Jeff was looking fora lnoek-
who saw that Jeff, though he had forced | mouth and Corbett clinched, Corbett did more | out now and he rushed Jim toa corner, where
the flighting from the start, had not | left-hand jabbing, but Jeff chased him across | he got the right to the cheek, Corbett was
forced \t hard enough to makean impression. | the ring like abull and ripped in blowsto the! slower than usual and took no chances
Then it was that Tommy Ryan sent him out to | body that made Corbett grit his teeth. Jel | He did some clever body checking and

landed a hook on the jaw which nettled Corbett | launahed = good-naturedly at the champion

beat Corbett down by sheer strength and ra-
sistiess rushes, which proved to be the winning
combination

Jeff, though lie was outclassed as to science,
showed once more that he isa fighter pure and
simple, thathecan take punishment and give
itand that he knows as much about the game Corbett came up still lively on his feet and
asthe average boxer, But against a man of danced around the entire four sides of the ring
Corbett’s remarkable ability Jeff, of course, ap- | before Jeffries got tohim Then Jeffries missed
peared to be excelled in respect toscience. a swing for the head, Corbett countering on the

Corbett's showing would indicate that af eye withtheleft, Corbett tried a right, w hich

and the latter clinched hard to save himself, for
Jeff was on top of him with tremendous blows
when the bell ended the rally

BIXTH ROUND

mateh between him and “Kid” MeCoy landedover the eye, but Jeffries only shook his
would prove one of the biggest draw- head and continued to fores the ight Corbett
ing cards of the season Jeff is now | used all the floor room possible, Jeffries follow-
entitled to a rest, as he has fought} ing him witha laugh on his face anda terrifle

and won three championship battles inside of a | powerin his punches Jeffries chased his man
year, but he says that he will takeon all comers, | into a corner and hithim over theeye witha left

first come first served. He will probably be | at the same time driving a right to the hearr
Corbett avoided a swinging rally with beautiful

accommodated.

Considering the weight, this fght was] skilland alsometarush witha piece of side-
one of the most sensational that has} stepping that made the crowd applaud
ever been seen in a_ local ring It | Corbett was still fast in getting away, but
was fast, clean and fairly contested. | Jeffries did notseem to mind that and was

There was no roughing, very little holding | continually forcing the issue Though Jeffries
inclinches, the men obeyed the referee with | did not land many blows, whatever he did put
readiness and kept their tempers. The fight} in were like sledge harnmers compared to the
was ‘on the level", as anybody could sea, Cor- | tack-hammer taps of Corbett, Jeffries, when-
bett was overanxious to win and for fifteen | ever they came together, made Corbett break
rounds he was confident of victory. His} ground and allof his rushes were backed up
face showed it, for he laughed and toyed | with tremendous strength, Corbett seerned to
with the big fellow as if he were| be tired at the end of this round

merely his sparring partner or punching SEVENTH ROUND

bag, but when Jeffries began (» get to Core) Compete got into aclinch immediately, Then

bett with his terrifle body punching | negwung right and left for the head, Jeff
the pompadour pugilist's face gradually countering on the body. Jeff blocked a
assumed an ashen color, his eyes glared | (iinie more lefts and Corbett then received
and the corners of his mouth were) ong hard blows on the body. Jeff was
drawn down inalook of apprehension. For) coming with persistence all this time and
though Jim was game he knew full well what tO | he drove Corbett around the ring until the
expect if Jeffries landed one of his big fists pompadour boxer stopped in a corner

upon the proper mark There they clinched, and getting out of

it Jeff bored in like a bull, chasing Corbett
around the ring They got into a terrific ex-
change of swings after that and Jeff reached
the jaw squarely with the left) Corbett was
not feazed, but instead he mixed it warmly un-
til they clinched, but Jeff continucd his attack
until Corbett was tired and went to his corner
slightly leg-weary. His speed was leaving Lim,
it seemed, and he was puffing slightly while in
his chair. This was the best round so far
LiGHTH
Jeffries hada slight swelling under the right
eyseashe came up. Corbett opened the ball
with a left on the body and then swung a rneht
totheear, Jeffries bored in with a left-hand

DEFEATED MAN SHOWED GAMENESS

Corbett took ahard punching without asign of
quitting. When the final blow came he went
down in defeat with thousands around him who |
aympathized with him and who will always
remember that he fought like a man. Jeffries |
was unhurt after the battle except for a
awollen left eye and bruised mouth, Corbett
had no marks except a scratch near the left
ear

ROUNDS,

THE FIGHT BY

Details of the Encounter Between Corbett
and Jeffries,

ROUND

 

After the rules had been explained by Referee

White and the men had been introduced they | body punch that made Corbett cline)
shook hands at 10.40 o'clock and as they got away Corbett landed
a light left on the mouth Joffries

FINST ROUND :
forced his man to” the ropes, but

As they came up, Corbett was biting his lips
from nervousness. Jeffries was cool and deliber-
ate. Jeff began with aslowfeintand then Corbett | oyper corner and hooked a left for the jaw, but
danced around him in lively fashion. Jeffries | Corbett blocked it. Corbett retreated across
followed and rushed him to the ropes, putting | the ring with Jeffries in full pursuit and then

Corbett got away nicely and put in two rapid
leftetothe eye Jeffries chased his man to an-

his leftto thenbsanda right to the top of | queked away from a terrific left.  Cor-
the head Corbett got away and shot! nett came up with a jump and
a quick left to the cheek. Jeffries led ywungarighttothe jaw. It landed all right,

again and Corbett, getting away, shot a quick, | put Jeffries was still coming with ponderous
sharp left to the eye, Jeff came again and | bows which meant harm if they landed, Cor-
swung heavily for the neck, Corbett danced | pert now began to stand up to his man instead
away and was chased half way around the ring | of sprinting and he used his right on the body
by Jeff, who showed considerable speed in com= | Jeffries was awkward in comparison, but he
parison, Corbett worked his left again rapidly | was the stronger. Corbett finished this round
to the head, and when Jeff! swung ponderously | with avery fine rally which set his friends
athim, he always danced away, Jeff was not in | wild Heseemed to have recovered his speed,
a hurry, but getting to close quarters he
drove the left to the stomach and then followed
with another left onthe head. Corbett broke
groufid with beth blows, then ran around one
side of the ring and clinched as Jeff followed

 

NINTH ROUND

Corbett blocked a rush and then going in very
fast with right and left swings, he made Jeff re-
treat to the ropes. Corbett swung a terrifie
right to the jaw and Jeff stagwered Then

him. Jeff got to close quarters and awINg a

tremendous blow, which brought another | Corbett cut loose He was a flgbting
clinch. Corbett was at long range, putting in | machine for keeps He rained in the
jabs and running around as fast ashe could, | blows with lightning rapidity until Jeff
Jeff followed him, and when the round ended | Was for the moment bewildered, but the eliam-
the crowd broke into cheers because of Cor- | pion recovered in a moment and Corbett

restedup Attera fewseconds Corbett went in
' again with leftand right swings and had Jeff
SECOND ROUND | worried They got clinched and Corbett nar-
rowly escaped hitting the referee inthe head
Corbett landed blows without number on Jeff's
face with wonderful speed, but Jeff was still
there rushing with bull strength and putting in
tremendous blows to the chest and stomach,
Corbett finally let up with his attack, probably

bett's aplendid cleverness

Corbett opened with asharp left on the eye
Jeffries rushed and put in a frightful body
punch, which drove Corbett off. Corbett, still
on the defensive and using his feet with
wonderfulability, continued his jabbing tactics,
landing squarely on Jeffries's mouth. Jeffries

 

followed his man around, patiently wait- | because he was rather tired and Jeff laughed,
ing for a chance to put in a smash, but | and finished the round witha hard rally. The
Corbett kept him = constantly moving with | cheering waa deafening because of Corbett's

remarkable work. He had the rownd with

plenty to spare

rapid leg work and swift movements withdhis
arms. Corbett’s feinting and jabs were very
fast, but his punches had little power. He put his
left infto Jeffries face almost at will. Jeffries
then cut loose with a terrific rush and drove
Corbett headlong to ropes, at the same time

TENTH ROUND,

Corbett danced up from hiscorner with plenty
of \ife and put ina couple of facers to Jeffries's

Tipping the right solidly to the ribs. Corbett | lefieyve Jeffries swung wildly and Corbett
got away and hustled around the ring twice at | ducking came upinaclineh, Corbett was just
long range. Jeffries was patient still and | as fast on his feet now as he was in
jumping in with all his power he almost lifted | the — first round He did not use his
Corbett off the ground with a left in the | feet so much however, but stood up
stomach. Corbett, still shifting around, put aj and fought He whipped in the blows

right and Jeft to Jeffries'’s face and did itso
rapidly that the champion did not know from
whence to expect them. Jeffries was slow and
awkward, but still very strong.  Corbett's
science was a magnificent exhibition and it
seemed that if he could keep it up to the end
he would surely win on points. Corbett got
into a hot exchange of swings and landed
arightonJeffries’s jaw. Jeffries then rushed
intoaclinch and Corbett, getting away, stood
upand sparred with confidence. He blocked
several drives to the body and used his feet in
getting away from head blows. Jeffries was

left to the face and then swung the right to the
side of the head. It was a beautiful piece of
punching but it had little power in it. Jeffries
laughed good naturedly and was still patiently
following his man at the gong. On points so
far Corbett had an easy thing

THIRD ROUND

Corbett backed around with fast leg work as
goon asthey came up. Then, quickas flash he
put his left to the nose, Jeff grinned and came
running in with heavy swings, but Corbett was
not there; instead he was it long range shuf-

 

 

|

|

 

 

whenever they came together. deff then drove
Corbett aerose the ring in a tremendous rally.
Jeff's blows were fearful, but somehow he
could not get any one of them to a vital spot
He was as strong as a bull, but Corbett had the
sclence and knew how to avoid him

POURTEENTH ROUND

Corbet? stood up to arush and clinched As
they were getting out of it, Jeff swung heavily
to the eye with the right and Corbett countered
sharply on the mouth. Jef was constantly
coming with his big frame and tried to wear
the former champion down Corbett jabbed
him in the mouth and nose for more blood and
then danced away from a flerce rush Jeff
went to him with more tremendous blows, but
Corbett blocked them with his superb defence
and was unhurt. Corbett just ducked away

from another terrifle left, which came back-
handed, however, to the neck Jeff paid no
attention to the left hand Jabs, whieh
were shot rapidly in to his face,
but) was now fighting to wear his
man into a state of submission

He kept boring inand witha left he shook Jim
up so that Corbett clinched Jef forced the
fight now faster than before and barely missed
the jaw with a right hand swing that would
have put Corbett out of business ‘This round
wisin favor of Jeffries, who did the bulk of
the work
VIFTEENTU
Corbett began his jig-stepping and fast
sprinting as soon as they came up, but Jeifries
rushed with vigor and getting him on the ropes
he hit Corbett heav ly on the neck with a right
Corbett got out of this predicament with skill
and restuumed his left-hand jabs They got intoa
clinch and Jeffries Jnid his weight on
Corbett until White went between them  Jef-
fries tried another rush and Corbett met it with
ease, Asthey got away Jeffries shook his op-
ponent’s head with a right on the ear and then
ran in with alefton the neck Jeffries was the
aggressor now and Corbett seemed to be letting
upin the matterof landing blows. They got into
an exchange of swings soon after that but Cor-
bett was not feaved. Jeffries, with sheer weight
and strength, almost pushed Corbett over with
his left ogainst the jaw, but Corbett grabbed
him around and kept his feet
hett was lnughing a greater part of the time,
and when he took his corner be told his s*conds
that he conld stay the limit without any trouble

ROUND

the neck Cor-

SIXTEENTH ROUND
the referee

“Why

As they got {nto aclineh and
ordered a break, Corbett said, smilingly
don't you break, Jim?" The champion smiled
and they separated Corbett worked the
left into the face with his former rapidity,
Jeffries paying little attention .to the
blows and wading in to land a setuler, Cor-
bett's leg work was so fine that the crowd broke
into cheering as he avoideda long mish and
wound up with a clinch. Jeffries, however,
forced the flight and reached the body with a
couple of heavy lefts Jeffriesgot a righttothe
ear and then chased Corbett to the ropes, whera
the latter clinched effectively. Corbett's left
beat a tattoo on the champion’s nose, but
Jeffries was not fenzed and swung terrific
blows to the head, which were avoided by the
cleanest kind of ducking Jeffries narrowly
escaped hitting the referee with a flying
punch, and said “Excuse me" The round was
even up

SEVENTEBNTH ROUND

Asdeff rishedin with his ponderous hands
flving, Corbett whipped in the left to the nose
avhin and crossed the right to the ‘aw. Jeff
kept rushing and Corbett assumed his
best defences Corbett planted his left
again again Jeff's face,
wi champion, he swung

on

and
the

an

thongh

 

| many terrifle smashes, could not land them in

THE SUN, SATURD ¥

 

the right place Corbett's exhibition was
perfection Some hitting in a elinch
called forth a cry of foul, but there was
nothing to ft Corbett feinted so fast |
that JefY looked like a noviee and
seemed embarrassed Corbett was getting
away rather Jowly when Jeff put a tremendous

left tothe jaw and almost sent Corbett down
with aright inthe body. Corbett bounded off
the roy ind stood up manfully to the attack
whieh followed. Jeff had the round on work.

 

FIGHTEENTH ROUND

Jeffries instructed to go right after his
nan, and he proceeded do He rushed
with alefttothe body, Corbett countering on
the mouth Jeffries was coming fast and strong
with punches thatif they landed were bound to
do damage Corbett looked ont for them, how-
ever, and displayed splendid judgement
got to the neck and body with effect, being

was

to so

Jeffries

| heedless of all the Jabs that Corbett rained into

Corbett backed away from another
rush and put fine
that Jeffries seemed puzzled where
try to hit him Jeffries swung the right
for the jaw ard it over Corbett's head.
Jeffries rushed in withaleft tothe pit of the
stomach and put another to the side of the
head Corbett stood up to it, but he did not do
much countering, because Jeffries kept him too
busy defending himself. Jeffries wound up the
round with a left in the body and aterrifie right
over the kidneys This round belonged to the
champion on work

his face

flerce np such a defenca

190

flew

NINETEENTH ROUND

Jeff opened with afruiiless rush As Corbett

 

fling,, sidestepping, backing around and at | coming all the time, but Corbett met him with side-stq@ ped ont of the ways Jef went at
times running at full speed, Jeff was patient, | akill and blocked him beantifully. This was Rink aeain ie fila. late Be ‘ek et z
ROG PREY With 6 Push be Grave Corbett te the | Corbett’s round on paints, blocked. Again Jeff rushed, and Corbett
ropes foraclinch. Corbett, stillat long range, ;
landeda couple of light lefts in the body and BUBVENTR ROUND ade stepping, Avoided A ammnsh for the
Jef! with a swing to the jaw shook Corbett a | Corbett jumped out of his chair with alacrity, | J@¥ Corbett at long range landed a light
trifle. Jef tried rushing tactics and Corbetr | Helanded a left in the face with great speed chop oon the eye, which had little
was still able to keep away. His legs were | and then run away from a rush, which drove effect. Jeff advanced another time and rained
standing the fast work in good shape Jeff, | him to a corner. Jeff was slow and cumber- the punches inso hard that Corbett clinched
however, was taking his time and had plenty of | some, but he swung a left under the ear that Jeff piled an again with tremendous vigor and
strength to use lateron Corbett continued his | took the smile off Corbett’s face,  Cor- knocked ‘ orbett dows with a right aoe
fefnting and shuffling until Jeff chased him into | bett then stood up to him and hooked on the Jn Corbett jumped up quickly,
aclinch, Corbett then tried a couple of swings | in a left tothe eye that made it swell some bat deft a after him fast and he
and was driven toa corner, where a right-hand | more. As they were breaking out of a clinch had to clinch Jeff landed a right swing
body punclf clearly distressed him and sent Corbett jabbed with a left and drew the firat | OY°T Hie cay and hrought alittle drop
him to his (orbett’s) corner worried. It was | blood of the fight from nose and mouth.  Cor- of blood = from it Corbett — aaneed
Jeff's first effective blow of the fightanda | bett’s left again went to the face with pre- | "W9Y 1% well as he could and landed
corker cision, and the champion looked puzzled, Cor- | % few jabs, but Jeff had the power andstrength
FOr REH ROT ND hett stood up to the big fellow, jabbed | to keep up his attack, Npreeeptibiy weak-

Corbett ran into a elineh As they broke | him in the eye with another — left ened the former champion and took away from

and then mixed ft
looked disgusted. Then he tried a left on the
head and misaed) Corbett stood in again and
mixed it up with more thanan even break for
Corbett drew Jeffries into a corner
This

Corbett tried the raht for the body and ducked
under a heavy left-handswing. Corbett tried
rightand left and Jeffries countered hard on
the ear with aright. Then Jeffries rushed his
man intoa elinch near the ropes, the referee | himself
them very cautions and | afinalclineh just as the bell sounded
was Corbett’s round

for
breaking Corbett
atilisparring, used his legs some more, but Jef-

s follower ly now: nde Neen
fries followed rapidly now andlandedatremen TWELPTA ROUNT

dous punch inthe body Corbett backed away 4

and Jeffries rusted him to a corner, where Corbett blocked a rush with great cleverness
he pounded the pompadour boxer’s ribs again He ducked away from a heavy left for the jaw
with right and lett Corbett retreated inme- | and then whipped in his own left to the mouth
diately and was chased around the ring by In a clinch both used free hands Jeffries
Jeffries who, xetling to close quarters, ham- landed heavily on the rit s. Cor
mered him on the head and body with frightful bett met him with a straight left in a
force Corbett clinched, but whenever they rush ‘ to the mouth — on ep
broke Jeffries was after him with a grent rush | '? Corbett, who still landed the left
and landed heavily wherever he struck him, | (the face whenever he let it go. Corbett was

cool and confident now, while Jeffries seenied
to besomewhat puzzled because of his inability
to land an effective punch. Corbett landed
more chopping lefte in the face, which was
} now spattered with gore, but Jeffries
| was just as strong on his legs he
ever was before Jeffries got and
RTH ROUND } drove the left into the body.
| playful and grabbing Jeffries's left in his hand

he drew the champion to him and tried to
upper-cut himonthe chin Corbett poured in

Corbett's speed was leaving him now, it seernied,
and he could not keep away as well as he had
done before, Jeffries reached the jaw with a
left hook and Corbett hung on A left in the
stomach and aright that crazed the jaw sent
Corbett to his corner puzzled. Jeffries's attac k
seemed to be wearing him down

close

Jeffries came up with deliberation He was
in no great hurry Corbett fiddled with his
hands, but did not do the running that he had | the jabs after that and hung (o Jeffries's left
done on the previous rounds. Instead he | with his own right while he was doing it. This
ebhuffied around rather slowly in comparison to | be did continually, White being compelled te

 

eee nam

Jeff dropped his hands and |

Corbett became |

him mueh of his speed. Corbett heldon to Jeff's
left hand inaelineh and the champion witha
right pounded hiskidnevs There was aery of
fon!, butit was not just. This round was Jeff's,
and Corbett finished very tired

TWENTIETH ROUND

Jeffries rushed outof his eorner onthe run
Ile drove in the left to the ribs and Corbett
stoodaway. Jeffries rushed again and Corbett
retreated fulltilt. They exchanged lefts on the
Corbett: walking around and fighting
at long range Jeffries rished incessantly,
but now Corbett had made up his mind te
keep away no matter if he did not land a blow
He sprinted around the ring as fast as he could,
| while Jeffries followed ready to put him out if
he couldland on the right spot

neck

| Corbett was

hissed

tinally by the crowd for running
| but he had a perfect right 10 run, for
| that was what the ring was there for
| Corbett stopped long enough to put

| alight Jabin the face, but when Jeffries rushed
him ones more he ran at topspeed Jeffries
finally gottohim with a left hook on the neck
and Corbett Jeffries tried hard to
| get to close quarters, but Corbett was bound to

clinched

keep away and in that he proved successful
| It was Jeffries's round on work

PWENTY-PIRST HOUND

 

Corbett began to run like a racehorse as sn0n
| as they cume up. Jed fvullowed aa fast as he

, MAY 1

—

7 _

 
 

 
 

could and finally drove Corbett to @ corner,
where they clinched. Jeff swung aleft for the

head and Corbett got away. Corbett
put a right on the nose and danced
around on the defensive after — that,

Jeff going to him with persistency, but not
with much success, Jeff kept on working
until finally with a couple of lefts on the
jaw, he had Corbett worried Corbett
landed jeft and right on the head, but Jeff
Jolted him on the jaw with a left and mad»
him clinch, when be put the right into the
stomach. Jeff was doing the real fighting
now, and whenever he landed a punch Corbett
weakened, Jeff tried togetto the Jaw with a
right cro « counter, but was high Jeff chased
Corbett around twosides of the ring on the
run, only to be elinched The round WAS con-
cluded by Jeff cetting to the body and kidneys
It was the champion's round
PWENTY-SECOND ROUND
Jeffries rushed away across the
landed a left on the stomach that almost: sent
Corbett down, Then he cut and with
frightful sinashes he nearly lifted Corbett: off
the floor Corbett clinched and used
hislegs in defence driving in the leit
to the face, but Jeffries was com ng all the time
with remarkable strength ‘The champion put
a right over the heart that did damage ond
tried a left for the jaw, which was ducked
Corbett received two inore punches in the
stomach and clinched, Jeffries would not let

ring and

loose

also

man With tremendous blows, Jeffries never iet
up in his attaek, but Corbett's left) hand
counters drew the blood from the ehampion’s
mouth once more. Corbett was visibly worried
and clinched at every opportunity teffries
worked a leftand getting aright to the ston
ach he made Corbett retreat. Corbett finally
recovered his equilibrium and filgished with a
splendid defence, The round belonged to Je'-
fries on work
TWENTY-THIRD ROUND

Corbett blocked a terrific left for the stomach
as astarterand also stopped another blow to
the ribs Jeffwot intoa mix and shot the left
overtothe car, Hes!so put the rightto the neek
and then rushed Corbett aeross the ring with
out landing an effective blow. Corbett jabbed
the champion’s eve and nose with a left and
swung leftand right tothe neck deff tried a
left hook for the jaw, but it was stopped
Corbett had braced perceptibly and was stand-
ing Up to the game now in good shape, but
Jeffries’s weight and strength in punching soon
drove him off Jeff finally rushed his tan toward
the ropes and put inacouple of Jight taps to
the jaw Corbett retreated, but Jeff, bounding
forward, drovea left tothe stomach, He fol-
lowed it witha heavy right high upon the ribs
and then shot theleft outstraight from the
shoulder withthe force of ahundred-ton weight
The puneh caught on the
point of the moment
and fell backward, his head striking
the ropes lor the moment it was not
thought that he was knocked out, for he tried
10 when his
eyes rolled and be sank back helpless As Cor-
bett collapsed Referee White had been counting
of the and when the fateful
ten had elapsed Corbett was out. Considine
was the act of throwing water
the fallen pugilist, when Jeff, who
standing alongside the ropes waved Corbett's

 

Corbett squarely
jaw He reeled a

over

rise and seemed about to do so,

seconds

in npen

was

manager off They exchanged = angry
words, but no blows When Jef had
been officially declared the winner, Cor-
bett's seconds rushed to him and_ picked

him up in their arms. ‘They placed him upon
his ghair and put a bottle of ammonia under
hie nose In a few moments he revived and
looked around in apparent astonishment. Jeff
was at his side immediately and asked him if he
washurt Corbett was dazed

“It was a good fight, Jim,”
ning

“I don't remember anything about it,”’ said
Corbett

As the champion left the ring he was cheered
and then there was a rush to cet close to see
what Corbett looked like. Jim finally stood up
and tottered Referee White shook hands with
him and the former champion held a pow-wow
in the middle of the ring. He was
unsteady on his legs, but bore no marks save a
slight cutover the left ear When he climbed
through the ropes to go to his dressing room he

said Jeffries grin-

2,

, bleked

 
 

1900

 

that he will win on points and that

Corbet
I'm a cart horse. at's what ad

said last year, and if I'm not mistaken
nade similar remarks. But when we get into
the ring the people can tell pretty quickly how
Much truth there is in the various statements
that have been made. All that I can say Js that

can't sae how the devil L can lose. | believe in
Nehting and not talking. The, public likes a
champion who can convince them with his
hands that he isa champion instead of trying
to tell themSvith his mouth that everybody else
is a lobster

‘TL have trained harder for this fight than any
previous encounter. L feel better than T did
lore resting Sharkey and just about as well
as when Lmet Fitzsimmons, but upon the latter
bocasion Lwas nearly as fit as Lever hope to be.
Ivillenter the ring weighing very cose to 210
pounds Ll expect to make an even better
SHOW Eg ar as acience goes than [did in my
other flahts, for Tommy Ryan and | have
worked so conscientiously together that I have
up inany new wrinkles. Ryan ix a

rlendid trajverand has shown me much that t
never knew before LT have nothing against
Corbett personally, except to say that his
Statement that he knocked me out in Carson
Ciiv when Twas his sparring partner is @ lie
Heowilh havea chanee to eat his words, how-
ever later on this evening ”

Jeries's hotel was besieged by people who
wanted to see him and talk to him, but his inti-
inate followers kept everybody away and the
champton had a good rest Men W ho probably
knew Jeffries well enough to ehat with hin

 

) Were turned down and men who merely for the

sake of notoriety wanted fo skake him by the
hand were unsnecessfulin theie attempts to get
in. Photoaraph fiends and cranks were also
hanging around, but tt was of no use ‘

The arrival of Jeffries was quiet and did not
create sueh astir as the incoming of Corbett,
So much has been said about the pompadovr

| boxers training and his intentions that when
him run now, because he kept ontop of his |

he showed up he had many congratulating
friendsto encounter, Corbett looked rugged
and strong in comparison with his appearance
At previous furhts. He was well synburnedand
appeared to have taken on weight. Before he

' went up to a private room ata neighboring

still |

| Stop Jeffries, and did not

hotel Gentleman Jim had this to say

CORBETT CONYIDENT DEFORE THE FIGHT
“L propose to surprise every body to-night. I

 

have been pronounced a back number anda
has-been by eriies and sporting men all over
America, for the reason that when T met

Sharkey a vear ago Twas notin condition, but
sinve that time Ihave come to a realizing sense
that if [ ever weh to regain my laurels asa
puwiist an extended course of training is neces-
siry, For nine months Lhave worked to get
myself into such condition that T willexcel
even the Corbett who defeated Sullivan in 1892,
and 1 believe that Thave succeeded. Thave
the endurance and vigor, am stronger and
tiuster than Lever wasinimy lite and feel eon-
fident that T koow how to fight Jeffries better
than either Pitz or Sharkey did

‘Jeifries is big, awkward and slow He is
a dangerous hitter and a bard man to hurt, but
this contest isa Ue forseentific points, and
thatis where Lexpect tocome in. Yes, f feel
surethat [can stay twentveiive rounds with
Jeff,andinthattime Eknow that Twill be abie
tooutpoint tim right decisively I do not be-
Hleve that he ean bit me enough times to make
mestop, Whereaa T think that Tmay he suceess-
fulin jabbing himioto a rather battered shape
Tam quick with both hands, especially with the
left, and | know how to use my feet better than
Jefl does, and, more than that, | have the expe-
rience

“Jeff is younger by nine vears, is proballv
twenty-five pounds hea and has an advan-
tuxe in height and reach, but that does not
bothermenatall He has not the seience andl

 

 

   
  

  

  

 

have. Furtherthanihat, Pthink peorle wi lad-
mitthatl ean hit) Lhavenever been asligger,
bot, os Pitveantell, Laave bina pretty severe
beating and had him licked in the sixth round
Hyit that is all passed and gone now, and

   

to-night Lhave one more chanee todemonstrate
what Lam worth and what Lean do"

At 7 o'clock Witham A. Brady, still the. en-
thusiastic manager of Jeffries, had changed his
Views somewhat

“Instead of four rounds,” exclaimed Brady to
a crowd of listeners, “TL now predict that Corbett
Willlastoniy one round Jeffries will knock all
the fight out of him ina ounmeh.”

Brady's lovalty created a weneral feeling of
admiration for him, but the cooler-headed
erities did not agree with hin The consensus
of opinion among the sporting men was that
Jeffries would win inat tiifteen rounds They
said that probably Corbert would outclass the
champion in point of rapid boxing and shows
work inthe first six or eight rounds, but that
Jeffries after that would slowly wear Corbett
down afd finally tiring him out, would stop him
with one of those tremendous body smashes
delivered with either hand For it was thought
that Jeffries would direet most of his punches
to the stomach, a place discovered by Fitz-
slmmons to be vulnerable when Bob landed on
thesolar plexus in the ring at Carson City

Fichters believe that 4 man once beaten bya
pinchonthe jaw orablow on the stomach
never forgeta a wallop of that kind and conse-

 

 

 
  
  
 

  
  

   
   
    

   

Lights and Shadows

— ROBERT C. OGDEN

has written a very
striking article of gen-
eralinterest concern-
ing the negro prob-
lem for The Evening
Post of to-day.

He treats the ques-
tioa in a broad and
scholarly way, point-
ing out the wisdom of
appreciating its dark
and menacing side.

Mr. Ogden’s asso-
ciation with Hamp-
ton Institute enables
him to give a clear

a and accurate estimate
‘ of that institution’s

reat work and influence upon the negroes, and he finds
the homes of graduates an inspiring object lesson.

Mr. Ogden con-ludes by calling attention to the op-

portunity the negro question presents for real patriotism,

he Foening Post

TO-DAY
B KOROKEKOKE KOKOMO KOKEKEKOKOKOLOKOKOKOKOKOKEKO99)

   

 

Ms
a
3
%
a
“3
"
<4
&
34
$
%
j

a Ts

%

MS tes K

ve
aw

SLSR GE ES KE

1,
as

s

Ke.

 

TI ESR KOS OD

 

inside the arena. ‘The boxes were rearranged

and numbered so that confusion was thought One dente
to be impossible They were separated from ist §

the reserved seats by a new pieket lence ana 18 Says,
each box contained wooden chairs, ‘Tue aisles Mannan
were widened aeeanany and the on, were me eure.
yrominently marked so that incase of fire or , v4

Panic there Weuld be little trouble in geting iS a pe rfect

the crowd out upon the sands. The bleachers
at both ends of the building, where those who
paid $3 to see the fight had to go, were the first
to be fliled
Though signa prohibiting smoking were
posted outside the entrance and also in various
parts of the arena they were, of course, disre-
garded, and clouds of tobacco smoke soon
filled the aunosphere overhead Uniike the
lasi show at this club, when Maher and MeCoy |
|
|

and hygienic dentifrice’:

Perfect, having both
the Liquid and the Pow-
der in one package, if
desired ;

Hygienic, having an-
tiseptic and alkaline properties
approved by dentists.

NEW SIZB

3

foughton New Year's Day, there was no freez-
ing of toes and flowers and no great demand for
drinks to warm the inner inan, For, though
the building was not heated, it was ecomforta-
ble: so much so that it was not necessary to
wear an overcoat unless one did not care to
take jtoffand sit upon it. It was necessary to
windows let the

  

 

open a number of gs pg of the Liquid, without the Powder, 25¢.
) amoke, and as there was no ocean breeze there q , * ore
| were no draughts and, consequently, no danger pry Liquid and or sogetiers 750
of eatcbing cold , At the stores or by mail for the price.
HEAVY SPORTS ARRIVED LATE |
The real hot sports did not begin to come in |
until rather late. Up to the time of their ap-
pearance the policemen, including many bike |
cops, stood sround and looked restless, “There
were enough of them there to handle a street =
railroad strike, but nobody expected that they | P. O. Box 247, N. ¥. City.
would be called upon to do anything except | Blew Voet ' HALL & RUCKEL Londca
look at the fieht and enjoy it As there Was no
racing at Morris Park, turfmen had plenty of | = aaa item ‘
tine to journey down trom the city and eat

' served chairs Was so great that probably all of

quently cannot stand another of the same kind |

in that place. The srgument set forth that if
Vitvsimmoys and Sharkey could not injure
Jeffries in their fight with him Corbett would
be unable to make an impression carried a
great deal of weig!it

In spite of the reports asto the magnificent
physical condition of Corbett, the bettors were
vckwardinitaking chances with him except
odds of 2101 or better were offered
coud not flenre out how Corbett could
believe that he would

where
They

fast Jong enourh to receive the decision on
} point Rut they were willing to gamble if the
odds were tempting enough, for such is life

was wildly applauded for his superb exhibition |

ofthemanty art. ‘Though beaten, he had nor
disgraced and made many friends
The time of the round was 2 minutes and 11

seconds,

himself

BFARLY SCENES AT CONEY ISLAND,

Fitzsimmons the Centre of Attraction. Gossip
Before the Fight.

Fight enthusiasts began toarriveat the Island
in twos and threes early inthe afternoon All
of the sporting resorts were opened to receive
well as every other dollaremaking
eoneern will do business during the
coming summer. It was cold and dreary down
by the sea, for the sky was overcast anda fall
of rain threatened to put a damper upon the
spirits of the throng

The outiook for a big gathering of sports was
much more promising than was the case a week
ago, and o'clock there were many
strangers strolling about that veteran ring fol-
lowers predicted that) Corbett and Jeffries
would battl> before a house packed from floor
toroof. At Cohen's, which, asin the past, was
made the sport center, thera was plenty of ex-
citement The barroom was packed so that the
drink mixerswere putto a severe test, while the
restaurant was jammed with hungry men who
wanted to satisfy their stomachs before they
entered the arena for the usual long wait

Former Champion Bob) Fitzsimmons
among the early arrivals, and he promptly sin-
led ontatablein a corner of the big room and
ordered a meal that would satisfy three men
The hangers-on got wind of Fitz's presence ina
very short time, and they crowded around the
windows and even attempted to surround the
table in orderto look at the man whe once
knoeked ont Corbett and later was put to sleap
by Jeffries. Fitz did not mind the gaze of the
crowd, but the managers of the restaurant did,
and with the aid of a number of policemen the
eurions ones were driven away

In another part of the room sat big Gus
Rublin, whoin a short time will meet Fitzsim-
mons at the Westchester A.C. Ruhlin has been
training with Corbett at Lakewood, and in
answer to all inquiries he said that he expected
the former champion to defeat the boilermaker
Fitz and Ruhlin exchanged friendly nods. which
showed there were no hard feelings Fitzsim-
mons was rather backward about making pre-
dictions, but hesaidin answer to several direct
questions that Corbett would have to be much
better than ever before if he was going to win
the flight

William A. Brady, the enthustastic manager
of Jeffries, Who was equally enthusiastic when
he managed the fortunes of Corbett, was a
prominent flgure at Cohen's. Brady, as usual,
was cocksure that his fighter would win

“They tell me,” said Brady, ‘that Corbett has
been rejuvenated. If that is so, 1 am glad to

them ae
which

ato ©o

was

hear it, for it will be all the more to
deffries's credit if he whips him = quickly,
What do UT think of the flght? There is
only one reply to be made, Jeffries
will win and = win inside = of four
rounds. Hewill show to-mght that he isthe

greatest pugilist in the world, and furthermore,
he will prove that Corbe.t was never in his
makes littl: difference me how
finely trained Corbett js, for Jeff has prepared
himself for this encounter with even more esre
than he did for Fitzand Sharkey. Wealihnow
what he did with those two men, and nobody
canteilme that Corbett to-day is a better
fighter than either of them

class It to

IFFFRIES 8 PRACKPIL SLEEP

Champion Jeffries was sleeping peacefully at
anearhy hotel while bis manager was singing
his praises. The bie fellow came up trom
Allenhurstearty in the morning and snent the
afternoen at Proctor’s Fifth Avenue Theatre
Then he took ahack and drove ail the was to
the Island, enjoving the scenery and inci-
faentally remarking that he would put a stop te
Ceorbett’s aspirations in a hurry tefore he
weatto bed Jeffries said to THE SUN reporter

“All this talk in the newspapers about how we
are gving to Oght is all very wellin its way,

 

 

 

 

 

i

,;acain ina

} popes ont to everybody

among the gamblers

It was drizziivg when the management pre-
pared to open th doors at Direetly
outside of the building were several big bar-
reoins, which net onlv offered hard and soft
drinks at fancy prices, but also plates of elam
chowder and Jeather pie there were tore
policen standing outside the gates at this
Time then thers were appleants for admission,
for the crowd was al! over the drinking places
onthe main thoroughfare But as soon as the

   
  

Toc'ock

wen

doors were turned back and the stiles were
ready to twist around, the people began to
come

tom O'Rourke. the new manager of the Sea

Side Sporting Club, had made many improve.
ments A new entrance for admission tickets
was established around the corner from the
main entrance, whiel did away to a marked
degree with the overerowding that has pre-
vailed in times past. The space thus left) for
purchasers of reserved seats and boxes was
comfortably tiled, but there was no jostling or
rovgning to make mutters unpleasant for those
not aceustomed to sttend sueh affairs
WOULDN'T LET BRADY IN THE CLTB

William A) Prady, just as enthusiastic as ever
over his nan Jeffries, was among the first to ap-
proach the gate A hanehty individual greeted
im #s he attempted to pass in withouta ticket

“You ean't come in here,” said the guardian
of the door

“Lean't, hey,''said Brady, witha laugh, “why

I'm William: A. Brads

“T don't care who vou are,” replied the man
at the door, “you ain't got no ticket and you
jeant come in here, even if you dropped

through the roof out of a balloon
Brady was diplomatic. however,
permitted to enter the building

and was soon
He came out
few moments and had a short but
decisive session with a bevy of dead ones, who
shook him by the hand and patted him on the
back and then asked him to let them in
You will have to see Mr. O'Rourke,” was
Brady's laconie reply And as the information
wasthat Mr. O'Rourke
ad notarrived at the island there was many
long faces and u feeling of general depression
The management had completed alterations

    

   

 

RSET AT SOS SE ty

Who said “When it comes to
dressing, men lack either orig:
inality or money ?”

Originality is the lack with
most or they'd certainly get away
from gray—gray--gray.

At 825, 828 and &30, our sack
suits-—technically termed fancy
just hecause they're not jet black
—give the man of quiet taste, or
the-like-to-be-seen-and-heard kind,
ample choice ; they are the &50
to 860 best tailor kind.

The otereoat like the human family, has Its great
ones

You'll Ond here oocked up with the prideof new
nese a yoks coat, first cousin to the English driving
coat, light or dark gray, long and baggy, $25
and $3u

Everything man or boy wears,

Rocers, Peer ~ Company,

2548 Diroadway, cor, Warren,
and 7and 9 Warren St

540 roadway, cor. Prince,

1260 Broadway, vor. 32d,
@nd 4 West sod oe

We fill orders
by mail,

! politely requested to sit up among the smokers

 

hearty dinners before taking their seats The
management said that the advance sale of re-

ANTIQUE BELLOWS

in Carved Oak and Repousse Brass

FIRE SETS AND ANDIRONS,

in Brass, Steel and Black Iron.

Sparkguards, Fenders, Coal Scutties, and
Vases, Wood Holders, Hearth Mrashes, etc.

LEWIS & CONGER,

130 and 132 West 42d St., New jYork,

them would be tilled by the time the men ene
tered the ring The star sporting men were
nearly a}] known at the racetrack and at other
local affairs, but few from the West were
present

This would not be a complete siory of the
ficht without saying that our old friend, “One-
Eved Connolly, came, saw and conquered. He
reached the main entrance with @ sweeping
stride, a jong tan overcoat and a new glass eye
He putup such astrain of persuasive talk that
the gatetender, whorefused at first to let Brady
in, wilted before Mr Connoliv and allowed hii
toenter He was on his way toa $20 seat when
one of O'Rourke’s men saw him, and he was

 

 

Art Sales and Exhibitions,

FIFTH AVE,
AUCTION ROOMS,

23S S5THAVE. WM.LB.NORMAN, Auctioneer,
A NOTABLE EVENT,

EXECUTOR’S SALE

ae

in the cock loft. As Mr.Convolly never makes any
trouble except when goaded toit, he aece
the invitation to sit among the ordinary «ports
duringthe rest of the evening, but he kept
everybody busy listening to his ane dotes and
experiences, including those at flats held in
various parts ot the globe Mr Connolly said
with considerable emphasis that when it came

 

to pass that admission to any fizht of any :

prominence could not be obtained by him he of the Estate of ?

would retire from the business in disgust, a MRS. C. V. S. ROOSEVELT,
COMPRISING

yroceeding that would be sincerely regretied
fi managers of boxing clubs in every city
where the sport has tourished
There was not much bettin,
began to fill up the house, but commissioners
who make a business of placing bets for big
niensaid that askoon as things warmed up a
little the money would begin to show. itself
It was freely predicted that the best betting
preposition willbe on the number of rounds

ANTIQUE AND MODERN
FURNITURE,

For every department of the Household,
REMOVED FROM 18 EAST 48TH S1
and the Country House at MAPLEWOOD, N Be
including
A MAGNIFICENTLY CARVED BEDROOM
SUITE,

when the crowd

Corbett could stay. Even money on fifteen sone i cn opre
» eh > 1 | i . VERY CHOICE REAL BRONZTS
rounds was thought to be a good bet either Hine, With Closk

including & Grand

umber of speculators and book- A Library of Kare and Valnoable Booka,

way, buta

 

 

makers were not willing to extend the time | Containing Audubon's Birds, Ts40d4: Audubon’e
limit over twelve rounds Corbett money was Quadrupeds, 1852-1844; Elliott's Pheasants and
so scarce at2 tol that th» racetrack men said Thrishes: Wilson's Birds of the United States;

Virst Edition of the Dore Hible, extra bound be
Hradstreet, Roger's Italy and Poems. Prime's
Pottery, Rowlandson's Tluminated Schoo! of
Mars, uncut: Cholee Standard Editions of the de®
authors, and many other valuable works.

A Collection of

OIL PAINTINGS

Ry Forrlgn and American Artists; ETCHINGS
AND ENGRAVINGS

Very Choice Crown Derby, Royal Worcester, Dree
den, and Chinese ant Japanese Porcelains

A selection of Birds. A Collection of Arms, Persiag
Lamps Inlaid Furniture,

A Large Number of Turkish Rugs and Carpets.

‘Two Chinese Embrotdered Portleres, very old

38 Bottles Choice Old Southside Madeira from th@
Faas of the late Cornelius Roosevelt, who died ua

TE

24 Bottles of Sherry belonging to the same estata
NOW ON EXHIBITION,

Previous to being sold Auction Monday A

noon, May 4th and fiy Nowing days. at 2o'clo Ke

THE BOOKS WIL' BE SOLD TURSDAY EVI Ns
ING, MAY ISTH, AT K

they would not be surprised to see Jeffries en-
ter the ring at@ tol odds,

But betting at flahts is a peculiar proposition,
Nobedy has a good line upen it until the
fighters putup their hands and the first few
blows have been exchanged It is just like
betting at the racetrack Many plungers do
not put their money down until they have
aeen their favorite horses warm up or have
watched them jog to the post) Soin this case,
asin inany others, men who were willing to bet
on either Jeffries or Corbett refrained trom
doing so until they had looked over the heavy-
weights after they had talhen their chairs

Fitzsimmons was the first star flehter to |
taken seat inthe boxes He had on a rakish
slouch hatand a lght overcoat He was in
fine spirits and laughed and joked with many
friends, Tom Sharkey, fresh from his vietory
over Choynski in (hieago, came in shortly after
and sat on the opposite sideof the ring Of
course Jonn lL. Sullivan wason hand with the
usual black cigarin\ the corner of his mouth
and the deep base voice so familiar to men who
have talked with him

“Whodo you think will win the fight, John?"
askedaman with eyeginssers perched upon a
long, tapering nose. Sullivan giared at him for
fully two minutes and then said with a roar

“Have you got agood seit? Well, if vou have
gosit down and see for vourself. That's what
lam going to do.’ Before John could say anv-
thing more the inquisitive person had fled

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

RIGHT OCLC

THE PAINTINGS WEDNESDAY EVENING
16TH AT RIGHT O'CLOCK

ene eer

%

finance mingled with the others and were po
eased of the same desire that pervaded the
great crowd a desire to see a tight

At 9 o'clock thera were 6,000 people tn the
building and others were coming in @ long line
every moment. No fighting had taken place at
that time, although the managers were getund

MAY

GREAT GATHFRING OF NOTABLE SPORTS,

      

    

   

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

Sullivag seemed to be a magnet, for with him ,
came the rank and file ot ring followers known | the preliminary bout ready
to fame. There was “Honest John’ Kelly with Police Captain Clayton took a seat near Tin or
a diamofd in his necktie that would put some | Dunn asthe sit are lights over the ring wore
of the Broadway electric signs out of business | turned on and Announcer Josep mee
ThenJinmy Wakeley former backerofsudivan prepared to tell the crowd that rT ‘
witha fatcigarand a rollof money to bet og | Of Brooklyn, the young man who stopped ol 4
Jeffries, loomed up. Al Smith, who was stil | Saleoett’s brother at the Broadway A. f '
ruffled over the defeat of “Kid Broad on | hursday night, would tackle Jimmy Rails.
Thursday night, took a seat near oneo! ihe | #80. of Brooklyn, in an appetizing | a
ring corners and gave theusual information to | rounds at 130 pounds Williams Madde e
his friends that as both flehters were his friends referee of this bout He Was well) rece 1
he did not care to pick A Winner. Phil and Mike Themas had a black eve before the :
Dwyer, the noted horsemen, and Dave Gideon, | Started. | He began to flgit with + *
famous as a turfman and big bettor, saunrs | Meties, but Reilly met hin mM, oe
ered in. , smashes inthe face and st whoo We ‘
Pittsburg Phil,who if he wanted to could light the cleaner hitter, and also ) ‘
his cigar with ten dolar bills without missing | Detter Midge of distanie aL
them, was conspicuous, Ernest) Poeber. the round ended, however, Thor
Wrestler just recovering from the fall thar | Wading, got over a number tii AA 1
Olsen wave him in the Gurden not long ago which were effective Still hie ;
circled about and kept close to Fitz. Joe Dunn, | the better of the round. Vhemas heeun
once well known as areferee and now looking | LOY second round sith # hand landed two
lika a prosperous banker, occupied a high. | Sold lefts in the face Reilly, howeve
priced seat and looked through black rimmed | fis head and jarred the “iid | with left + :
e) eglnsvesat the bustling crowd ard dazzling threatand rights near the heart fe
light swaying inthe smoky air bloody nose in the third 4 fand .
Jockey Danny Maher, his fingers emblazoned — th ded on tt reneated He gave Ke ;.
with diamond rings, was another notable and  (lWunee te get in s blows with their
close beside him sat another pet of the turfites, | @leet A moment before the bell | i
Fred Taral | Tony Pastor witha yachting eap staggered by right and left net '
on and Frank Mckee, the well-known theatrical | @UG flee several blow inded
manager, hob@obbed togetiver Jack Adier, | &84 Thomas at that stage =? ,
whose leather lungs tell the bookmakers the | “Hiner
results ofeach race at the track before they INOMAS WINS THE PRELIMIN 4
pay off bets, was loaded down with money Thomas @outir { i a
placed with hin by men who liked to bet it but) fourth butin ie ‘ J
donot care to flight with a throng to getit | several well direct \, d 4
down. City Chamberlain Patrick Keenan. with | nosebleed Thoms then eat {
glossy tile and jovial face, was surrounded by a! w is plents of innarerit » Be
number of Tammany politicians, including down. , ssiria’ ; os ‘
Michael (@ Padden, the sergeant-of-arnis of the . full eo na Vs}
Municipal Aasembly souble of binge and We
Joseph biinn, the moat eMcient timekeeper sone alen aT
in the business to-day, who was to ofileiate ’ a ; ‘
uoon this occasion, fixed up his gong and got ' ‘
his haromer ready while he ehatted with Rot ert }
Stoll, anotherexpert timekeeper, and Broadway ' ' ’
Alee Smith. the best ateusert bail plaverin the
Natidnal League Fsx-SheriY Frank Creamer ‘ |
Was not far away, and ex-Sher% William J ' Hi
Buttling was wiihin earshot ty Foy, the any Wit
well-known comedian, and MWhr Conudine ia
who was eager to bet hia monew on Corbet ts
were on har Marcus Maver, jooking as if he re
had never heard of “sapho.” had a chor eo fh
close to Jeffries’s corner tuat he could toweh ~ )
him With his cane Assemblyman Timothy bP i
Sullivan, sido as usual and followed by a mp
retinue of friends, had a b excellently lo ' ers ‘ 4
cated Club men, whose covered overcvouts | Rose. De Creamer, Chaclee Bat h
shielded their evening dress, and other men | dim Kennedy John bo Madden. | I

Botedgin professional waiks of life as well as in | Milton Koblee, Frank Beard, hid Mc Oye ives

 

‘4g