Brown,

 

  

 

teil erford, Joe Gans, Alec

0 a ‘ i v ! ee Senator Patrick H, McCarren, |

Andres ier Lantry, Ben Brush, George

ene pater Lowry, Joseph Gtiamer, Brooklyn

!) \ eroll, Flortte Sullivan, Manny Friend,

J o'connor, Charley. Harvey, Bob Arm-

}okhbardt, George Kraus, Phil

Doge Connor, Dave Johnson, Gil

oe ~6gohnny White, Jeff Thorne,

! tte / \tatey Matthews, Harry Cohn

; crow, Lew. Doekstader, Abe

; coner John Scapnell, Patrick

; . , John Ahearn, Ou Harlan

+ Jesee Lewisohn, Registar [soar

gresstnan Vom Bradley, ree order

» Lous Mann, Paul Dresser

{ avo! the Detective Bureau

° { rreased in size bY this time

; 000 speetators present and ta

. ne it was believed that

‘ wr would see the flight Both flaghters

‘ ik rooms and were

{ eleree Charley White in-

’ how be Wwonld enforee the roles

there would not
re wis still a
\ use for muck
thief of Poliee MeLaugblin,
sadatearnvaland he was
al present. Chief Devery
ent he wasin the building
" rent sear wong the sports the

sulin «so that
the rink
the

    
 

' heim were pickedup Bernie Barton,
“oy asoo. that Corbett would last ten
ene , jloche, $200 against $350, that Cor-
, tren rounds doe Vendig, $2,000
rary Corbett, with 8. Snvder, Al Smith,
ap gootor dr Ordway, on Jeffries, Bam
; "tooo to $123 three ies on Jeffries,
I ‘ \I tris Home, $00 fo $300 ON ¢ orbett,
vs Jlivan, Manny Friend, $100 even
z ppercy, for Corbett to stay ten rounds
) \dder eo to $),000 (Lwiew) on Corbett,
1 } $i) to $1,000 for Paddy Sullivan

se ey \Pircus Maver, $300 to $150 on_Jef-

 

  

 
  

 

 

* Mike Padden, §1,000 to $450 on Jeffries
" eo ot Leuaviella, $800 even that Jeffries
at x out Corbett: [n. twelve. rounds
ae acommission of $700 to $1,400 on
Cor J nes Jackson of Omaha, $200 agatnst
He Corbett. Julius Cohn, $1,000 to ud
qo) Alderman Smith on Corbett, Harry Sea-
yan go to $!.ovo with Jules Hertig on Cor-
bert Martin Dowling, $700 to $225 on Jeffries
20) OPPERED ON JEFFIUBS,

WW) he epowd waited there was plenty of
fon Jobo L. Sullivan was singled out and re-
qeyedthe usual ovauon, but be would not
wake a specoh ‘There was pleoty of guod-
Ha peadaaving and more amoking than ever.
The ais re packed With men who want
to ~hadso many followers that 24
toiand stances 3 tol was offered on
his chotees, With notmany takers” The bulk
of heron was on the number of rounds.
piefore the pugilists appeared they seleoted
thor eeconds as follows For Corbett, Gus
} roonge Considine, dohn Considine and
’ ards for Jeffries, Tommy Ryan of
sc jouse Jack Jeffries, the champion's brother,
\ oan \ Brady and F4 Dunkhorst, the human
freig eho was punched out so quickly the
other tus y Fitzsamnmionsat the Herculee A
‘ s thnekeeper was Teddy Foley; for
detros, Dan O'Rourke held the watch, while
d hoon was the club's official timekeeper
weg handed the wom
oy t pouneed (hat his weight was 182
pounds. Wien Was probably correct Jeffries
tol! Announeer Humpbress that he tipped the
geales at 200, but in this he was joking Hie was
a tiweve pouuds heavier

PIGUTERS ENTER THE RING,

Corbett'’s Reception Heartler Than Jetfrtes’s
- Dispate About Bandages.

the crowd broke into loud

 

 

4 f ’ a
cheers and everybody Jumped up expecting to
pea th ivy weights on their way to the ring,
but was @ false alarm, for they were not
ready Then the stamping of feet and
t capping of hands, whlatiing, shout-
ing, cat-caling and prolonged yells
s oved the impatience of the spectators. Three
1 later, bowever, another outburst
' i Jeffries to therlng. He wore a biue
sveater aod long black trousers. Dunkhorst,

cneof bis seconds, jumped into the ring ahead
of! ind sat down tn the corner with the idea
of fooling the onlookera, while the champion sat
fo « box behind him
loffries received a cordial greeting, but {t was
ing in comparteon with the ovation
toodered to Corbett, when he followed a few
ments later. Corbett had on along gray bath-
and amiled pleasantly as the crowd waved
hats and cheered wildly. As he got into the
ting Jeffries did likewise. Corbett immediately
went into the centre and shook bands in the
friendilest way with the champion, Corbett
also shook hands with all of Jeffries's seconds.
A new set of gloves were thrown upon the
floor and Corbett personally made his selection,
while Brady ploked up a pair for Jeffries,
As Corbett stripped it was noticed that be
is io fine trim. His muscles were bardened
{ his fesh did not appear fo be Grew, Tus
as seemed to be stronger than formeny and
altogether he looked fit. His balr was parted
nthe mniddle and his eyes were bright,
Jeffries un point of physique, however, was
Corbett's superior in every way, Hie great
dy was covered with steel muscles and his

 

w

legs were hardened down in fine sha He wat
in his corner guietly walting, hia hands stretched
eutontie ropes, He wore po ban while
Corbett bad both hands encased

There was a delay while the men sat in the
ring because of tie pon-appearance of Refaree
White Announcer Humphreys called for him.
White was outside of the ring in street clothes
With his hat on. Considine and Brady ap-
- ached him, but he made no move to come

the ring: instead, he pointed his finger
fi them and made some remark. § It
was then evident that there = w a
dispnte over the money he was to recelyve Con-
fidine explained that the matter had been «et
fied with the idea thatthe winner of the fiehe
Would pay $250 and the alub $250, but the club
remained obdurate because of the fact that the
Ten hadselected White themselves in prefer-
»theauhs official referee,
ager ©) Rourke toaintained that be had
1% to do with the matter The dispute

 

  

 

 

Was

 

 

 

  

 

  
 
 
  
 

 

  

Inally advusted and when Referee White
eirered the ring he received a warm welcome
White inumediately examined the bandages on
Corbett's hands because of a protest by
Krad Corbett tried » explain to White
bur the latter asked him to come over
and = di the — point with Jeffries

Nosat in tis corner with bare hands and the
Bloves in hisleft. Corbett finally consented to
re vone Liver of the bandages from each
Dirdtomeet the requirements of the referee
6 efres Hedidthis with good grace and
the 1 the gloves

lhe fighters agreed among themselves that
they w {pay Heferee Charlie White $300 for
his services. asthe ciub officials refused to do
6 hheryes under whieh the principals met
? led ding in the clinches, that each
Vv 1ster LCK as Soon a4 they got into a
t andif they did not and also refused to
ob e order of the referee to break that
0 ils ibe permitted to step between and
hepara Hitting witha free hand and
‘ ! ‘ VkAWAV Was Nermitted

tiey str poed Jeffries had on black
frur tred sash around his watst. His
i were rolled over the tops of his
Pack fant &shors. Corbett tad on a white

VICTOR ANDY AVQUTSHED,

What the Pighters Said After Their Twenty-
three Round Battle.

t JeTries immediately to
) He took his vietorvy as a
sand aceepted congratulations
After Tommy Ryan had given
nt sorb down, Jeffries said
T won, but 1 wish Lhad done the triek
the Mgnt. My left arm was injured
I was training for Sharkey and this fact
hed me quite alittle Every time 1 tried to
fer pained me, still Tkepr on
ewit was theoniv hand [ could
is Corbett got from the

 

went

iWway

 

 

ttired, and although
th face
Corbett's clever-

' er
ee
c ed to}

veka or e none

irt
ation t

the eat
- “ !

me

 

>the and he
world for
Wis

the ni

  

iif
This
to knock
rap wn
ese 1 wanted
at T conld win
hight because |
er fellow out
ne since | won the
whieh will
have indulged
omething none of
» done 1

viding | have

. ide up mind

 

er niet’

Tne and

ma t t son of

i
a the
| wenld have been leked
would have
iWhinag out the pace
Neither Shar-
rhett Was
t : ve tye nds. tor he

rdicet on

 

posiire

aw, le said
ut it seermne
1 surely have won
,ia Way
{s te ud the championship
have one consola-
t # Gite | was con-
: sid Guleverything Lkoew

hye ft

v he

 

| body quite often admit,
| were more of
| wo very much dam:

te ne oe

   
 

 

PUSHING ON TO KROONSTAD,

GEN, ROBERTS REPORTS STUBBORN
RESISTANCE BY BOERS,

A British Colamn Making Its Way to Mate.
king Hopes That the Stege May Be Raised
Next Week Indications That Buller Has
Begun His Advance -Boers Stil Active,

Special Cudle Despatches to TUK SUN

Loxpon, May 1) The War Office has received
the following despateh from Lord Roberts

“RrerSrreiy, May 10, 8:55 P.M —We have
had a successful day and havedriven the enemy
Vreneh, with Porter's and
Dickson's briaades of cavalry and Hutton’s
mounted infantry, crossed the Zand at Vern-
menten’s Kraal and worked northeast to Maat.
chappy, the enemy opposing them continuously

“Pole-Carew's division, Gordon's cavalry
brigude, J Battery, Henry ‘sand Hosso's mounted
infaniry crossed a drift) near the railway
bridge My quarters accompanied this portion,

“With the infautry we are eight miles north
of the river The cavalry and mounted in-
fantry are at Ventersbarg road, Tucker's di-
vision ts at Deelfonteinnoord, Hamilton’s force
and Broadwood's cavalry are making for a
crossroad near Ventersbur@

“When last heard from Hamilton’s force had
met with stubbornresiatance Smith-Dorrien's
force was engaged for hours in protecting Ham-
ilton's rear

“The drifts are extremely difficult.and much
bagrage is still to come up. We will march at
daybreak and push on as far as possible in the
direction of Kroonstad,

"The casualties so far reported are four
killed and three wounded Returns from the
cavalry and Hanulton have not yet been re-
ceived.”

Details of yesterday's fighting near the Zand
River show that the Boers had six guns. They
held their ground until the British were within
600 yards of them, when they retired owing to

 

thought He got to my
at the nehes
the glancing order and did not do

Up to the time I was
knocked out, | would not have sold my end of
the purse for $60,000, T saw victory within my
grasp and that is all there is to it.”

- a

 

*.

LAITLE BETTING UPTOWN.

Jeffries a Hot Favorite in the Karly Wagers
at 2 to tl-Some of the Bets.

[hereal interest In the outcome of the Jeffrias-
Corbett struggle began in earnest yeaterday
afternoon, and the seenes about the hotels and
uptown resorts were very «pirited The bet
ling, however, was not much to boast of
Westerners who tWed in all day seerned to favor
Corbett, but they were looking for ble odds,
and as 4 consequence they did not have much
chanee to part with any of their coin. They in-
variably demanded 2to 1, and were so firm ir
thetr wish that the Jeffries rnen in order wo get
down a bet were compelled to yield

Jim Wakeley, who all dong made up his mind
not to give better than 10 to 7, was the first to
break the ice and at 3 o'clock made a wager of
$1,000 to 9800 with Tom Clark As soon as ft
was known that Wakeley had bet at 10 to 6
other friends of Jeffries got down their wads at
the aame figure on the champion. Some of the
bets recorded at Wakeley’s were: Jesse Hen-
dricks, $1,000 t0 $600 on Jeffries; Tommy Ryan,

9500 to (yop on Jeffries: Mat Gooderson, $200 to
$125 on Jeffries, Chris Schaefer, $1,000 to $600 on
Jeffries. Wakeley is acting as étakebolder inal!
of these wagers

Many sports gathered at phe Delavan, Rosa-
more, Gilsey, Metropole. Hotel Bartholdi and
Hoffman House. At the Hoffman House the
sentiment seemed to in favor of
Corbett Outwide of an exchange of
opinions, however, but little money was posted.
At Corbett'a cafe and the Gilsey House,
though, there was sume business Al Smith
was about the hotel the better part of the day,
but as he is a friend of both boxers and t«
neutral on the result of the battle he could not
offer any opinion Several brokers who ate
lifelong friends of Smith \mportunea him to
advise them howto bet All Smuth would sav

met

from point to pe

to aain a victory. Joff did not hurt meas
much as some
|

w :
“Jeffries is a fine fellow, a great fighter and a | Gemonstrations that were being made on thelr
hard hitter. Corbett ie a clever fellow, a scien- | flanks. The Lancashires and Sussexes mad: a

tifle man and isin fine shape. He chinks he
will win and was never nore confident in his
(fe That's alll can say, so judge for your-

charge, and one aocount says that each regi-
ment carried a kopje at the pointof the bay-
onet

Aocording to the War Office reporta, the folk
Jowing members of the Canadian Mounted In-
fantry who have been reported missing have
rejoined their command J P Nilant, A. H
Morehouse, BE. Alienand ©.C Delisle, The War

Che out-of-town sports were much in evidences
at Corbeftt's place, and when they were not buy-
ipg wine they talked fleht. John Considine,

Sorbett's partner, was flooded with quest ons
regarding the ex-champ'on's condition, and to
ail inquiries he said that Corbet? was never in

 

better fettle In the other battles between
heavyweights Considine acted as stake- | (fice to-day issued a list of names of twenty-
holder for | frienda an 8 safe hAS | four men who have died of enteric fever in

held nearly $95,000 in bets at various times
Yesterday, though, up to @ o'clock {n the after-
pooe he held only about $16,000 The only way
re could avoount for this was that many per
sons could not be induced to believe that Cor-
pett hadevena ‘look on." and that it was like

Sodth Afri since the last report.

Taapa N'CHT, May 10 -As a@ result ofa
recent conference the Boer leaders with their
forees have returned to the south and holda

re up money te beton him Some of the | line extending for twenty miles from the north

Con et : arn a oe hea mek on On | to the southeast of Thaba N’'Chu, Gen. Rundle
orbertr tween 5 tou ockett an eesop nina .

of Boston Schep $400 to $300 that the Ayht detected the moveme nt tms morning. Capt.

will last the Limit. ©. Lawrence $400 to g800 that | Grenfell with Brabant'’s Horse pursued the

Corbett will win Hoers and some fighting resulted Capt Gren-

At the Delavan Jimmy Colvitle of Boston bei
$300 to $150 on Jeffries with a Babtimore aport
At the same place ‘Honest’ John Kelly bec
$2,500 to $1,250 0n Jeffries. Kelly told Tur SUN
reporter that {twas ike drawing eve teeth to
get down this money and that he was com-
pelled to gtve these odds Tom 0 Kourke, whe

for the night toa kopje which he
The headquarters are at

fell retired
holds

now Boer

Eden
Aniwat Norta, May ti -It ts reported from
the Orange Free State thatineetings were held

Balt an ae . 01,000, to, $500 wit 1 | peeentiy in the Boer laagers, at which the Free
ie Burke ©’Rourke declared that few |... teeilieoas c , .
ports were speculating on the result, inost of | State burghers decided not to crams the Vaal
‘he money being placed oo the number of | River, which means that they will not aid the
rounds the fight would Jast) “T look for a | Pranewaal Boers in the defence of that re-
great battle,” he said. “but there is only one |

man init, and thatis Jeffries A few punches ; Pubbe
in the body will soon stop Corbet and the bat- Lonpos, May 12.—There ts absolutely no
tle will be over.” ‘ | news of the military situation in South Africa
weet of Se Pihe fent and aid Ba vad Hooks | beyond what was cabled to THESUN yesterday
“T i ( land last mbt The despatch from THE

on the resalt
The figures quoted
SUN's correspondent Pretoria brings the

nese in small wagers

were Jeffries to win, 2to 1 that Corbett dues

at

t » 4 c

Sot last ten rounds, ora i One? long-looked-for information that a British
. { “wT r ') ¢ c

Measurements of the Fighters. coluion is moving rapidly to the relief of

Te vies. Corbett. Mafeking, and that when the despatch

AB? os semmeccmm score 25 Years 33 years was sent it was within 100 miles of
Neck cease 1749 inches 17 Inches that town. It tk nowexpected that the siege
Chest, normal... . 44 inches $2 Inches 4 ht
Chest, expanded oe 49 Inches 444 Inches will be raised by Monday or Tuesday This
aaa tll scree Bnet h 24 thehes ; despatch will be received with enthusiasm and

eight. vet sinches A fret bg inen

the most ardent hope throughout the entins

Armsextended ....
land. Another important item contalfned in

Girth f Dioepa
4

760% inches
16 tnehes

74% Inches
14 inches

shee

 
   

 

r fo. se rhes 24 Inches a ;
aire of iste" blac inenes ie nes IHR Stv's despatch ts that stiff skirmishing
Cae oss 00 " 174s Inches 14% inches has taken place in the Helpmakaar Paes This
Withe Sist NY Bas TNR, | leads to the aseumption that Gen, Baller has

enaiieinaadiiubtibesiny begun his advance,
OBITUARY,

CHAMBERIAIN DEPENDS THE WAR.

Charles K, Whipple of Kewburyport died on
Thureday, aged 91, He was the last eurvivor of
@ group of men who gathered around Wiliam

He Says the Boer Republica Must Be Made
Part of the British Empire.

Speciai Cadle Despatch to TRE Sis

|

Lior Garring ihe abolition murament. He | toxnok, May 11 Colonial Secretary Cham-|
soipred to ie & top mgvement nd with beriain received an enthusiastic weleome
Nitam Lloyd Garrison. Mrs, THAN, 21m , ” iberal-Unionis 80 |
winey aud & OC. Wright, edited the Non- | '2"d4y from the Liberal-Unionisg Asso
esistumt, He resided to Boston many yearn, “ation of Birmingham. He made a speech
for several years being a pharpens atthe Mas- | which was cheerful and confident, being
sachusetts General Hospit Upon leaving |, strong contrast to Lord Salisbury’s

this place he became actively engaged in the

work of the Massachusettaa nti-Slavery Sodety, , &ddress at the meeting of the Primrove league

He did not touch upon domestic politica beyond

 

 

of vue be was one of the Board of Mana-
ers, © was a constant contributor to The morous reference to Lord Rose
Terese, and on several ocoasions took editor. | means ss te . et bera!
lal charge during the absence of Mr. Garriaonin | bery’S attempt to form a new (aberal-
the lecture tleld Imperialist party, which, Mr. Chamberlain de-
James Dougherty, one ofthe last of the fornnd- | clared, would consist of “foolish political

ders of the Union [vague Club of Phinde!l-
phia, dted at bia home in thet efty veeterday

| Unionist
aged 85 years. He wae an iron founder and In |

'

|

the amp

virgins, who would trim
fourteen years too late

1842 went to Austria, where he erectad and sn- Mr. Chamberlain said that the war in Sonth

 
    
 

 

  
  

  

Ut

a ite a
‘ , “et

ABSOLUTELY PURE

Royal is the most economical of all the

leavening agents.

Greater in leavening strength, a spoonful
raises more dough, or goes further.

Working uniformly and perfectly, it makes
the bread and cake always light and beautiful,
and there is never a waste of good flour, sugar,

butter and eggs.

Finer food ; saving of money; saving of the
health of the family; the last is the greatest

economy of all.

Some baking powder makers claim their powders
are cheaper, They can be cheaper only if made
from cheaper materials. ‘‘Cheaper” means inferior
materials always. To cheapen the cost of an
article of food at the expense of its healthfulness,
as is done in alum baking powders, is a crime.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO,, 100 WILLIAM ST. NEW YORK,

TRANSVAAL MINING RIGHTS, S4.E OF THE PEKI

A Pablic Auction of Privileges on the Kand
Announced for June 26.
Special Cable Despatch to THe Sts
Pretoria, May 11 The Government tine Ls
Sued @ noth that the undergrousd mining |
rights on the Rand will be sold at public auction |
inthe Church Square at Pretoria on June 28
When the conditions of the sale will be made |

HEIRLOOMNS,

} Two Vandyckhs Kring 6120,000 Other High
Prices Obtained.

Special Came Lerpat to THE SUN

LONDON, Maytl ‘The sale of the heir-

lee

looms Was continued at Willis'’s rooms to-day
yf Le

iis Seize candelabra

 
  

tive triangular buses, exquisitely

   

 

  

  

 

with ormolu |
| Dowager

ith rams’ heads, winged female figures
known | nx ‘feet 6 inches high, which the
}axpon, May 12 The Times's correspond- mob f dtoo big and heavy for removal when
ent at Lorenzo Marques says that a remarkable | 4), Diileries was sacked, sold for
dscussion took place in the Volksraad at Pre- | ¢.,,, 8 portrait Marie Antoinette fetehed
tomnaon Tuesday on the proposition to se "1
the underground mining rights or tie Twn landscapes by Collins sold for £1,500 and
Rand. The Progressives bitter!y opposed | E2000 7 et y and a iferior by Jan
the proposition Jonkherr Van Kensburg sd | sp, t ‘ » Two Vandveks sold for
| hat while the burghers were fighting. private | po, os The ortraits aged
property would be sold to their disadvantage | Cenoeae Ser randamidd wed lady. The
fo a twroenary, speculativeciique. if, ast i bidding started at 220,000 They se proh-
dent Kroger said, hlimke possesaed claims vul- ably cost? ¢ Pee “4 than Jciood each
ued at $5,000 and $#,000 each, he ouch? to be Phe purchaser was Mr Mel.eod, a private gen-
dismissed t in Sir | Lely’s portrait of the poet
President Kroger said that he wanted the Cowley brought £670. A pertrait of Byron sold
money to feed and clotho the burghers. Some | for pang
of the menibers retorted that the Presi- ) 4 grand jotal realized from the sale was
{| dent himself declared in hia Presidential | Lato
speech that the Government had ample |
funds to conduct the w They accused , , ve —-
the Government of squandering the funds- ee eee
President Krager left the chamber in a flcof | Seven Tribes Have Risen to Throw Off the |

verintended for two years a ocomottve estab- | africa was just, necessary and inevitable The

ishrnent He was a member of the Aru of : } ‘

Neafv & Co, Shipbuilders and of the | Government Was really over-patient as regards

“Industrial Works,” now the firm of Bement, | responsibility, He would not be ashamed to |
Miles & Co During the Civil War, | pear all the responsibility bimself if it were

vhen Lee invaded Pennsylvania, he was one |
of the first to respond to Gov. Curtan’s call for

;

} y repudiated thesiander
troops and organived a company from the In- |

|

niluenced by

nevessary Hescornfull
that the Ministers we
ists, Personally, he did not have the remotest
idea of the praesent opinion a single South
He deolared that the coun-

  

eapital-
dustridl Works, which he sent to the front and
me they were away provided for their fam-
jes
The Rev Dr Delos Mansfield, a woll4nown

African millionaire

Episcopal minister and missionary, died yes- | try would emerge from the war stronger than
serday a ime quarters of is . p in-law. Cunt | ts bad evar bean Gators. He warned his heaton

offin o 1e h rtillery at Fort x ais t . , ae aad .
Hancock, of a complicaton of diseaces | *8Ainst the efforts of politicians to rob the
resulting from a cold whch he took | country of the fruits of victorr, and referred to
hs . attending the Bourannk ¥ ( arene | the flood of literature that had Leen poured out

e was born at odman . on duly 2 on : s ri Ns S

\21, and was the son of a inerchant, | im the United Kingdom and the United States

on the subject of the war
he wasa missionary in the West Indies, at San
Jose, Cal, andin Arizona. He came to Brook- |
Ivn last July. He leaves a wife.a danghter, the
wife of Gen. WS Worth. and two sons, Harold

Asking whence the money was to come topay
forthe war, Mr Char:nberlain declared that
the republics must and should be fully incor

. |

His firet charge wasa church ai Nyack Later |
‘ |

|

|

 

Mansfield of this city, and Charleg D) Manstleld porated into her Majesty « dominions After
of San José the war there must be an interval,
PADEREWSKI’ 5 haee anete aL jong or short, according to the behavior

" " ae ” wo of the people, when the whole  sdminia-

The Pianist to Be Heard Here This Afternoon | ration and the appoingnent of the author-
for the Last Time This Season. ities §=to | =Car it out would rest
absolutely with her Majesty's Government

Tenace Paderewski will be heard this afternoon
at Carnegie Hal! for the Inst time this season
The prowramme ia to be devoted exclusively to
the works of Chopin and will be as follows

Fantaisie .. F minor, Op. 49
D flat major.Op 24, No 15

This might be cailed a military administration,
but he preferred to call it a Crown colony ad-
ministration like that of India and the West
Indies. AS SOON fm» it was safe lt was possible
that the new colony would be introduced into

Preludes .c..cececcsvevee grag hy By Be iA the circle of self-governing colonies
: Throughout his speech Mr Chamberlain re-
NOCUUBNIOS. |... coe ceeee> B major, Op. 62 5 es a
Sonvta punked ..B iat minor, Op. as | ferred to President Kruger as Mr. lau)
|. Grave. Dopplo movimento eee eee

I]. Schereo. OK :

I] Marche fundbre KRUGER STILL CONFIDENT,

1\. Presto
Ballade " oer F minor, Op. 52 | The Transvaal Independent hy Strength and

{ F major, Op. 25, No 3 Right, He Declares.

Etudes. Pa es ~G@ sharp minor, Op 26, No. 6

Special Cable Despatch fo THRE StN
Lorea zo Manat gs, May tt -In the perota-
tion of bis speech at the opening of the session

***) G flat major, Op. 25, No.8
(C major, Op 10, No 7
{PF sharp minor, Op. 5% No 3

MALIK -oseseee Op. 88. Noa

*t B moor,

Valne . 7 A flawOn 34, No.1 | of the Volksraad at Pretoria on Mo> day, Presi-
Hereeuse, Op. 57 | >
Polonaise... A fat, Op.33 | dent Kruger said

|
\ F major, On 47, No. 2 |
'
|
|

‘O, God of the Volksraad and the Republics}

KILLED A BOER PRISONER. } shall this be the finalact? No! God will be

. mereiful. By atrength and might we are an in-

An Attempt to Escape at St. Helena Prevented | dependent State ‘Thirty thousand burghers
by a British Sentry, | have fought 200,000 Pritish soldiers By the

providence of God we are still alive to Nght our

James® Town, St. Helena, May 11 Yester- | vindictive and voracous foe, «

|

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
| eonstant
|

day ove of the Boer prisoners confined at the | enemy since 1836

Deadwood camp was discovered scaling the

wire fence which encloses the grounds where Proposed Russian Gift to Cronie

the burghers are detained The guard who saw | Special Cable Despatch to THE SU*

him challenged him three times, but the Boer | Moscow, Maw tt A subscription has been

 

 

niade no reply, whereupon the guard shot and | started here to purchase «a large piece of plate
killed him to be sent to Gen Cronje, the Boer com nder,
Se ee } whols now a prisoner of the British at St

ROBBED CARDINAL VAUGHAN. | Helena,asa token of sempathy. It Is hoped

that 90.000 roubles will be subserihed

A Valuable Picture Stolen From His House
Daring a Society's Mecting.

Money for Prisoners at Pretoria,
Speciai Cable Despatch to THE SUN
lonnon, Mav! During a meeting of the |
Sovtety for Historical Research at the residence |
ot Cardinal Vaughan on Carlisie place to-day |
a valuable Madonna, 10 inches by t2, alter Carlo
Dolei, was stolen from the ball,

specu Cahe Despatch to THE St *
Care Town, Mavi. TI
have sent 1 to Pret

npenal authorities
ria for
both British and colonial, Bae
coming under this deseription will
Adeiberts Hay, the Amerean Consul at

   

ne

needy pris-

oners, prisoner
receive £5

Pre-

 

| torta, wih distribute the mone.
The Dake of Argyll Barled
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN | south African Storeship Wrecked.
LONDON, May 11 - The funeral of the Dnke of | Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Arevil, who died on April 24, took place to-day Bast Lanpos, May 11 -The Government

at Inverary, Argyllshire
Prince of Wales were represented
vices were very impressive,

The Queen and the | storeship Craigeliachie has been wrecked off
The ser Port \lfred The steamer fafa, bound tor Port
Datal, rescued the captain and aew,

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

 

 

Uritish loke.
Daspatchesto Tre SUS
cra, Gold ¢ May 11 The

press vyeeterday steted that the Ashantis

passion, declaring that he washed hia hands of |
the business State Attorney Smuts protested, |
that President Krigor was trying to | 4
deprive the members of their liberty of action. | lox :

we |

wep Specia’ Cade
sasyine Calons

 

 

 

 

Recent despatches from Pretoria said that | Were determined to throw off t iritich yoke
the cuestion of selling these rights was dis- | The papers mentioned seven tribes tit have
eussed this week by the Volkaraad. and that | risen. ‘These telbee are able to Paies 60.000 mat
though the Governinent favored the sale a j ‘ ; os ' : rns
majority of the House was opposed to it | DON, May tt -The Liverpool Chamber of

Commerce to-day received at trom

, mar ee West Africa asking the Char r to apply to
HURRYING TO MAFEKING'S AID . mine i ' mM

, | Colontal Secretary Cham infor protection

A British Force of 3,000 Yea More Than Mair | [O" (ie coast, ws the situanon caused by the

Way From Kimberley, ! rising of the natives was critical

Specia! Cable Despatch to THE SUN Mr Chamberlain's seeretary sas hat the

From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pret wri } reports o the eonditions In k asi are

Pretoria, May 10, via Lorenzo Marques. Mag | greatly exaggerated The Col 1 OPfea, he
11,67 M.--A British relief ree about adds, has received no alarming information
ptrong is advancing toward Mafeking along the | Fourteen hundred troops had been landed and

Sechuana Railway, by foroed marches night | Were on their way thither. Anything that was
and day. It resebed Vryburg yesterday and | Necessary wou do be supplied immediately

Kumassi was f provistoned and the reports

harassed the Federal conmandoe

Su skirmishing reported to have taken
place to-day near Pomeroy, Natal, in the Help-
makaur Pass

Saveral British oMfcers are in Bourke Hospits
Pretoria, They are receiving the best atten

of its fall were not credited

TURKEY INSISTS ON ITS TANES,

of Treaties and Protests,

tion {

Mr. Hallewell and the Rey Adrian Hofmever, Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN
correspondents of the London Daily Mel, were CONSTANTINOPLR, May li Despite the pro-
released to-day by order of the Government, | test made by the foreien embassies last beb-
They will leave for Delagoa Bay at once ruary, the Porte has presented anew note an-

} nouneing ita decisi n to introduce oetrol duties
at Gallipoli This contrary to the treaties
and tt isexpected that theforeten Ambassadors

will refuse to aceept the decisior
| oe cca

Vryburg is about one hundred miles south of
Mafeking and is beyond the balf-way point |
from Kimberley to Mafeking

  

 

 

        

 

 

 

 

 

MANY CARGOES DETAINED.,
quceermeneeecenen i Americans Presented at Coort
Portogal Asked to Dectde if Food and Special Cae Despateh to THE SUN
Clothing Are Contraband of War. } LONDON, May tt. At the Queen's drawing
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN | room to-day the following Americans
Lonpox, May 12 -A despatch to the Daily | presented Mrs Clover, the wife of the
Maitfrom Lorenzo Marques says that owing | can Naval Att Mrs. rd Cutting
the representations made by the for: Miss Cutting, Mrs. P Butler and Miss
merchants = the question of declaring | Butler |) Mrs Thoma yvand Mi Ruth
“bully beef," clothing and blankets cor Sivder of Pt felphia
traband of war has been referred |
for final decision to the Government at | |
Meanwhile the Custom House is congeste |
importa. The steatrner Santa Fo arrived here |
to-day with a large cargo from Havre. The |
steamer Uruguay, whieh also hasa full eareo | y
from the same pert, is due to atrive Sunday ny Ra we
SOUGHT SIR ALFRED'S DEATH,  ” >
An Alleged Attempt to Secure the Murder of | i
Cape Colony's Governor ; 7 A
specias Cudle Despatehto THe Sus } , k
Care TOWN, May it) The Souh African Re-
riew asserts that a prominent member of the ROR AA TSO
Afrikander Bond, who i4 also a member of the 3 r
Cape Parliament for the distriet of Piqy ry, | i
eee aie eee ee | ee household disinfectant.
man money to shoot Sir Alfred Milner. the | An odorless, colorless liquid; power-
lovernor of ¢ an fidavi hy
lies che anit ie ee bani a AaB ont ful, safe and cheap. Instantly destroys
General foul odors and chemically neutratizes
A New Order of Merit in India. | Seep erate reeee’
Special Cable Despatcn to THR StN | one bs ee Me aot flacsal Mgt a ir cane
Lonpos, May 1 A roval proclamation Rip % Water closets, sinks » te. FOr spriatk
was gazetted to-night establishing a new order | one ahere af Scare ote _ a
called the Kalaar-i- Hind medal for diatinguished tse a Ing iar ‘bottles only, bs iruegists, high class
public service in India The first-class medal | Reeth a dep Fen Pe aes and ee tear sia fur
will be of gold and the secuud class ol wiiver, —, | Platt Sti Hi . New Ye tle ial —

Will Collect Octrot Duttes at Galltpoli in Spite |

   

  

JAPAN'S CROWN [PRINCE |MWARRIED,

a [PLANNED 10 POISON ALL

A Picturesque Wedding Performed tn Antique .

Japanese Costames. BUT ONE DAUGATER OP WIDOW GUM
BART'S FAMILY ESCAPED HER,

 

able Despotch to THE SUN
YoROHAMA, May 10 — Yoshihito Harinomiya,

Crown Prince of Japan, was married to-day to

Riuio, a niece the late Empress
The wedding was a brilliant seene

S peciai

Little Katle Lay for Hours With Her Dea@
Mother and Sister Before Help Came—
Hadn't Swallowed the Stuff Her

Which was private, took place at Gave Her~ Mother Apparently Was Insane.

uperal shrine acoording toShinto rites. ln | With her mother dead on the floor and her

Prince and the Pria | seven-sear-old sister deadin the bed by hergide,

ees were both dressed in antique Japanese cos little Katie Gumbart, who is only four and a

wama, half years old, sat up and cried hour after hour,

Princess of
The ceremony,
the |

Zoing to the ceremony the

‘

  

tures, buton returning tothe palace at

 

 

 

   

         

    

 

 

 

    

 

when the: vecompanied by abrioliant es.) from late oon Thursday night until far
cort, they were both attired in Furopean cos Into Friday morning, hoping that some
tumes bedy would come and relieve her of
There were iomense multitudes in the streets, “| ble thors: which was consuming her, as
but the windows along the bridal eresultof polsern Wiveh her mother had tried
Provession were empty. This was d } tome herdrink but which «he had spat out
factthat no Japanese may look downon a Katie's distike ol liquids with a nasty taste had
member of the royal famil saved ber fe when her mother murdered her
The Crown Prine is the thirdean of she | Oors) Sbuahter and Killed Rorett, ough ome
Emperor by Mue Yanagiwara Aino He didn't Kuow that
born Aue it 7a, and 7 auued heir to It was inthe apartments of Mrs Gumbart, @
fhe bg ad _A « 31, bs7 He W + elected | widow, 35 vears old, in the brownstone fflathouse
the Order of the Chevsanthemum and madean . plae hate, with the dea. besid+ her, was lefs
| Bima tars he bar bean prcetoted peveratiinees, | Non® none Kaowine whet hia Magpesee. Mel
The first sonof the Emperor, by Mme Hat on Frida ornng, When Roland Mason, who
Mitsuko, wes born in 1872, but died on the day ' ae Mes Gunbart, eame heme and
of his birth. 4A second sou, whose mother was, heard thy ’ cringe. When he wentinto the
Mae Yanagiwara Atko, wae born Sept 23,18, ‘dire Cimbart bytng thene dad
4 broh ‘ that had contained) the poison
TAN RIOTS TN SPAIN i | wv. On the bed was the body of
Ann Katie, tt os r of the fails,
Severe Fighting in Which Rioters and Poilce- is fering great pa \ soon as the
men Were Killed or Wounded extent ofthe » ton cdawoed upon him
Srecia! Cable Despaica to Tt ¥ Mason roused the house Loe first person he
Maptiv, Mav it, Thetax riots ar reuse , ¢ iw ! Van Wart, who rented the fronts
Ing in violence in Barcelona and Valen and irs Gr art partoent. The itie
ty shave been barricaded There has beet irl wa 5 tha was plain somes
severe fighting and several rioters and potter re , her at ones,
men have been killed or w led a 6th v0 “tt 453 West
Po-enight the r rein Vi ela haves ed Pwert nid stree., the residence of Mf
more barricades ira 4 ha ceased J Mrs Gunibart’a brothers
running Nhe conditior esueh th perce M Ibxon bad the ehild conveved
able persons at raid to fb >their } New York Hospita she will recover
lhere are signe this evening of a renewal of the 2 vt , Vl any ito! the powon she swale
figiiting. Martial law has been prociainied ii The d fe | that is known of
Valencia, Barcelona and Sevilla t trawedy & shat cank ferred from
Ihe rioting is extending to the rural distriets, The coudioen ot things i) the apartinents,
The marketmen are threatening not to bring Ma a a The seattle vk
their waras to market The Repubheans are iter \ swallow it Then
Preparing to make a detonstration att Oe, Nees eee be | ae
) funeralofthe workingman whe was shot n cs is : 4 t 3 te * { gee _, 4
Thursday Annie was dead wi the worn awakened
During the disturbances at Seville the cor pet . “ " un i of aH ing a ‘ies
mander anda corporalof the muni pal guard ject and her children. out. of the
anit forty civilians were injured. Most of the wor f she hid motive that was
lampposts were amashed by the rioters on S ne ts UAKnOAn Sie showed no sugns of
Thor-day, and to-nighi the town is in darkness F nd oh ti pa sepirite priee to See
’ widid not leave a word of writtes
In Maurid the mobmisstock the Itahaa An+  expiaiation behind her Her brother-in-law.
bassador, who was out driving, for one of the , Mr. Dixon, said thar so far ashe knew she was

a temperie woman and fond of her children

Ministers, and smashed the windows of his car- Phe pole believe tl e woran was taken side
riage ; denly insane. Corone>'s nor ian Wesion,
om ied ) Who exatwined tie b dies, said (hat the poisoa

the wornan had usedseuned to have been evae
nide of potassiun

MASBATE ISLAND OCCU PIED,

 

American Troops in Another of the Philip. | :

 

  

 

   
  

 

pines The Alleged Mantla Plot. ’ ee
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUS -
piceich hes ted fer Oa coeenk spans ass Fiysician
on the island of Marinduque, Col, Hardin with | .
a battalion of the Twenty ninth Infantry sailed lee will prescribe any other
for Palanns im the proviney +t stawiate onthe | HABYWbut a. straight HANDs
were landed hboat Hel hou harden ane \ MADE SOUR MASH
| the town for fan hou j Rye Whiskey for his
toe, reams Cotwenen Ene patients.
he Oppos the oe
the istand, w h had hoen
ple remain in the terior, wl
fhere are 100 (ne crwents armed with Mausers |
die} y-fift \ nieer Int ry bw tf QO] D
} pdvaleve re j 1 | 4 { ' ve $TCAL? i
gitment took 4 rT fe ty | [beurre aoerrte acy emt
ritles ov :
The Ninth | wy OW artered a
rene fath tatany.. | yee CROW
| or risitia ' } n nes Man f CS
ire sti hv ren “ irre have 7 sy
t mode and the guard ith suburbs have |
‘ Joubledin order t UPpPress any attempt |
o' tb 1 a ay
More Money for Austria's Ariny and Nave

 

ee eee is known to be the best
Figs Mar 11. Fhe fowarnretyt Ree possible quality. It is

cider k the } raged Camour

— ss aad eae? Ges bottled and sold pure by

year

KIRK & CO., N. Y.

 

40 (talian Peasant Murders Nine Persons

 

—_—
Special Candle DespatcA to THE SUS | CARPET CLEANSING,
Rome, May tl A peasant named Menec has il ies “i |
murdered his entire family, consisting of nine Spay? 7 7th Av., Near 28th St.
- + shee aie . } t ‘ sth. 1448, T 11423
persons. He then se eto his hose The | N Send jay icesiane a |;

murderer injnred several men who attempted
Ww wniterfere with Lin,

 

| T. M. STEWART.