ee

-«

,

 

|

Core eee eee

er RENNES eres:

ek I

—e- =the Be

    
 

NEELY'S PUZZLING BOOKS.

FACTS IN THE CUBAN POST OFFICE
ROBBERY HARD TO GET AT,

His Accounts Are Practically Unintelligible
~—Stolen Stamps Worth 85.000 Recovered
-One of the Gang Willing to Give Testt-

( mony—How the Thefts Were Carried On,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
HAVANA, May 11,— The Secrot Service men to-
day recovered $6,000 worth of starnps, which
were partof the booty taken by the thievesin the

Post Office Department. As was cabled to THe

8uN yesterday, Information as to the where-

abouts of the stolen property came from one of
the gang, who confessed.” It {4 not known who
the informer is, but itis stated that ho has ex-
pressed his willingness to testify at the trial if
he receives a promise of immunity from punish-
ment

The stainps recovered are of the late-t Cuban
design, and are not the old surcharged ones
which were ordered to be destroyed. It ls pre-
sumed that old stamps were substituted for
new ones when orders from the country oMlces
were filled, and with the supply of new stamps
available it was easy to make the accounts bal-

@nce each nth, Thesix inspectors who are

investjgiting the matter know just how the

scheme was worked, but they refuse to give
any information on the around that all theevi-
dence must first go to Washington

It ja undoubtedly a hard task for the Inspec

tors to getat all the facts owing to the entire
lack of system in keeping the accounts. Neely
practically kept noaccounts that are intelligible,
It has been reported offildally to Gen, Wood
that special agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment audited Neely's accounts prior to his de-
parture for the United States at hisrequest and
found them correct. The special agents re-
ferred todeny this. They say they were un-
able to get at the avcounts to audit them. Out
of all the confusion the experts appear to have
reached the conclusion thatthe total losa will
not excead $100,000,

   

 

  

 

  
  
   
   
  
  
     
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
    
   
    
    
  

 

NEELY TO BE INVESTIGATED.

Agents of the Post OMice and Treasery De-
‘ partments on Their Way to Cuba,

WaSHINGTON, Mey 11,---Postmaster-General,
Bmith announced this afternoon that agents of
the Post OMce Department would conduct an
investigation of the entire Cuban postal service,
independent of the examination about tobe
made by the Treasury Department. Three ine
epectors, accompanied by a corps of field in-
spectors, are to proceed at once to Havana, and
make euchan {nquiry into the methods in’vogue
in the island and the state of the postal accounts
@s will enable the Postmaater-General wo discover
the exact etate of affairs. Mr. Smith would not
say when this special commission was expected
to return, but suggested that it would proba-

bly be not later thanJung 10. Until that time,
no matter what report {s made by the clerks
rom the Auditor's office or those from the War

epartment, it is thought most improbable
that the Postmaster-Genera will decide on a
definite policy for the readjustment of Cuban
postal affairs, An official announcement that
this new commission had been created was is-
tued to-day,

At Mr. Smith's request two offlcers of the
Wreasury, detailed from the force of the
Auditor for the Post Office Deparunent, had

reviously been detained to conduct an in-

estigation independently. Mr. Smith said
that the Department had no knowledge that
@ny one suspected of fraud had confessed,
There was absolutely no information at the
disposal of the Department, which had not
been given out in substance two days before
gn renly to a suggestion that Deputy Auditor
awshe, one of the Treasury inspectors, like
Mr. Neely and Mr. Heath, was from Indiana,
the Postmaster-General sald that his selection
had been made ‘‘notwithstanding that fact,
not because of it,’ and laughed at the coin-
cidence. There was, he said, no present inten-
tion of suspending Mr. Rathbone, elther per-
manently or temporarily

Col. George H. Burton, Inapector-General on
the staff of Major-Gen. Wood, Military Goverpor
of Cuba, arrived in Washington this mornin
and{immediately reported to the Secretary o
War, Col. Burton declined to be interviewed,
saying that he was prohibited from doing so by
the military regulations. lle deolined to dis-
cuss the report from Havana thateNesly had
accomplices, but said that he would present to
tary of War a complete report of his
investigations. He calledat the War Depart-
ment this afternoon and was met by Deputy
Auditor Lawshe of the Post Offlee Department

fterashort talk with Secretary Hoot they
egana preliminary examination of the papcrs

the case

The regular Caliinet meeting to-day lasted
nearly three bours. The Cuban Post Oltice
complication was tha main subject discussed
It was said after the meeting that there was
othing further to indicate that Charles F. W,
Veely, the postal dishursing officer of Cuba, is
short in his accounts beyond — $36,000 The
Questions of further arrests, if any are to be

nade, will be left with Military Governor
Wood. The Cabinet was informed that extra-
dition papers are on the way here from Guba
and that they will be sent to Gov. Roosevolt
The Attorney-General will direct the bringing
to justice of Neely and anticipates that he will
be taken to Cuba for trial,

A resolution was offered in the Senate by Mr
Bacon (Demn,, Ga), and went over till to-mor-
Tow, instructing the Committee on Relations
With Cuba to investigate all about the moneys
Feceived and expended inthe island of Cuba by
civil and milftary offleers from the date of the
occupation of the island upto April 30, 1900
Pe Postmaster-General Smith said to-night:
“There was one item of information in our
Cuban messages to-night to the effect that the

1oney order fund of abort $140,000 is intaer

t was feared that a considerable part of thia
Bum might have heen taken. ‘To know this is
not true lessens the amount whicb could p

 

 

 

sibly have been taken to a comparatively small
sum,"
Post Office Inspector King, complainant on

behalf of the Government against Neely, sald
yesterday upon his return from Washington,
where he bad been for instructions, that he

thought the Government would be able to inake

  

 

 

     

 

  

Outastrong ca Jainst the prisoner The
@rraigniment of Neely will take place before
United States Commissioner Shields next
Thursday afternoon, despite reports tothe con-
trary.

“DT consider the evidence very strong,” satd
Inspector hing ‘The exact amount of cash
found upon Neely when he was arrested was
$8,502.18 Healso had two gold watches, two
diamond rings valued at $1,000, and $800 worth
of shares in various stocks, The requisition
papers Which — Inspeetor-Gen Burton has

rought with him from Governor Gene¥al Wood
will probably reach Gov Roosevelt to-
morrow. 1 do not think that Neely will

” taken ba ty Cuba right) away He
will, of eour have to be present at the
hearing before Con niissioner Shields, on Thurs-
doy afternooe Phere are) «wo complaints
asainst Noe! The original o n which he
Was arrested, charges | th having em-
bezwed finds ip his possession. in violation of
the actof Qer ih, Isto ‘Phe second ra that of
embezz ing 8184 Meuban postal funds

It was learned vesterday that Neely dastred
to stand trintin Cu and that the Distriet
Attorney would not oppose this Tt was pra-

 

dicted that the first charge a
not be pressed. i he owas h for trial on the
second, which is of graverimoort In that eae,
the prisoner would probably be taken) back to
Cuba immediately to stand trial

 

ainst Neely might

 

  

BULLET STOPS A CYHECRFUL SONG,

Goes Through an Iceman's Hat Supposed a
Would-Re Assassin Fired It
The offlee force of the Araericar
Pany,at 761 and 743 Westchest
nothing to do at 10 o’cloc!

 

 

  

fing, so they encouraged the

Hoey, a nephew of “Old fos

them some sens. Hoey t

of the harmony of “There's

mother’s love so dear when a4 ahs at

 

    

   

rang out and the hat of Harry Sto ll ded
Bon went spinnin of } head Jackson
Hoey, George Kozel and Robert Turt

men in the offce, promptly fell « ithe floor
and cazed at the bul ethole in the wall where
the bullet had struck after passing thromch
Jackson's hat Chen they heard a shouting
outside and they gotup andron forthe d

 

They arrived just in time to see \Motorman

 

  
  

   

CUBA'S FAILING REVENUES,

Effect of the Expected Changes tn the Tariff—
Twelve Men W> for Mayor at finar del KR
Special C able Despateh to Tuk BUN
HAVANA, May 11.- Several of the Cuban news-
papers comment with some alarm on the de
crease in the customs revenues. They call
attention to the diMeuliies that will confront
the new nmiunicipal ofloers after the election
owlng to the incrensing deficits and the decrea

  

ing revenues. Itisafaet tl revenues are
decreasing, but this is owing to the prospective
tariff? changes, which have caused immense

of goods to be imported in bond, the
merchants believing that certain
lines of g“oods the coming duties
will be lower than under the present schedule,
The merchandise now in bond here ts valued at
more than $400,000 and all has been imported
thisseason. The \ tariff will take effect on
June 15, and the goods will then come out of
the warehouses and will cause @ corresponding
rise in the revenues, which will relieve the fears
of the Cubans, if in the meantime they do not
discover the reason for the present falling off
in the receipts,

Whife there {6 great st {nu polities in
Havana, Matanzas, Sautingo and Clenfnegos,
the interest extending to all the ofliees to be
tilled, an entirely different condition of affairs
prevails in Pinar det Rio. In thatcity there ts
only one offloe that excites any interest, that
of Mayor There are twelve candidates for the
Mayoralty and none of the politicians wants
any other office, As a result, it is probable
that men of an inferior class will Mil the ininor
oMeces,

The Havana Mavoralty fight has drifted iato
afine muddle. In view of the split in the Na-
tional party over the nornination of Gen, Rod-
riguez, the Kepublicans, who were supposed to
be working harmoniously withthe Nationals,
threaten to nominate one of theirown party if
they can obtain a popular candidate, Itis thew
hope that ther nominee will slide into oftice
through the general split-up of the Nationals,

quantities

on

 

inter:

BROWN FAMILY FORTUNE,

Death of Harold Brown Leaves a Three-
Months-Uld Hoy in Line for Millions,
Provipencr, KR. 1, Mav 11.- The death of
Rarold Brown on Thursday night at the Hotel
Netherland in New York leaves John Nicholas
Brown, thé three-mouths-old son and only child
of Jobn Nicholas Brown, the last surviving
male member of this branch of the family. On
the female sideit is represented only by Mrs,
W. W. Sherman, his sister, and the only sur-
viviug child of the the late John Carter and
Sophia Augusta Brown. Harold {Brown wasa
resident of Newport, where his father dled
and where his only residonce is situated, Even
more than his brother he shunned publicity
and he never entered pubiie iife, His business
{nterests, like those of his brother, were man-
agedbyG W RLM He took
lees active interest in business affairs tt an Joho
Nicholas Brown,
Harold anddohn Nicholas Brown were both
milti-millionaires but some of the best tn-
for ned moneyed men in Rhode Island declare
thai is quite impossible to accurately estimate
the wealth of thistumily. It is beyond doubt in
a collective way the wealthiest family in Rhode
Island, The affairs of Unis family for genera-
tions have been adnunistered under close cor-
pection methods. G WR. Mattesgn is the
nsiness manager of the family and i is said
that he has declared ina convincing way that
pe could not readily estimate what the varied
oldingsof the estate in manufactures, com-

 

atteson of this city

inercia real estate and mortgages
woud
Harolc
charities
ift of $100,000 to the missions of the Protestant
piscopal Church seven or eight years ago. He
was not interested in politica. He waa born in
this city, in the old Brown homestea He
was the second son of John Carter and
Sophia Augusta Krown and = was born
about 1883, two years after the birth
of John Nicholas, On his father's side he was
descended from Chad Brown, who was oneof
the original sevtiers of Providence. His great
randfather, Nicholas Brown, was one of the
eading merchants of the State during the Rev-
olutionary War, the shipa of Brown & Ives,
built in Khode Island and offieered and manned
by Rhode Islanders, being well known in every
port In the East Indies and in the China trade
Nicholas Hrown, as one of the foretnost ship-
masters of the United Colouies, was one of the
comiittee appointed by Congress to build ships
for the Continental Navy, and was an active
leader in the Revolutionary War. | The gifts of
Nicholas Brown to the College on the Hill were

so large that its namo Was changed from Rhode
Is] ind Co lege to Brownin his honor. Hegave

paper,

eregate

Brown was interested in Episcopal
His greatest benefaction was the

  

Hope College to the university. John Carter
Brown, Harold's father, presented to the
university its library building at the corner of
Waterman and Prospect etreet, adjoining the
Brown University campus.

SUPERPOSED TURRETS,

The Navy Department Has Not Yet Approved
the Constraction Board's Report,

WASHINGTON, May 11 —In making public the
principal points in the clreular prepared by the
@Wvai Board on Construction concerning the
three projected battleships, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and Georgia, the Navy Department did
not intend {t to be understood that it had
approved the board's report As a matter
of faqt the report has not {been approved, and
no action will be taken on it until Rear Admiral
Bradford, the minority member, bas had an
opportunity to preseut his dissenting views in
writing. Adruiral Bradford will urge the See-
retary of the Navy not to abandon the super-
posed turrets recently succe@Mmully tested on
the hearsarge

In matters of technical opinion the Depart.
ment usually follows the advice of the majority
of the Construction Board, but in the present
instanee its decision cannot be forecast
certainty, because the majority report favors
the abandonment of a principle which was
adopted only after the most careful considera-
tion and which has proved so successful in the
partial tests to Which it has been submitted

 

with

AGAINST HAZEL FOR JUDGE,
A Baffalo Delegation Protest to the Presfdent
Against Hls Appointment,

WASHINGTON, May 11.—The President re-
ceived a delegation of prominent citizens of
Vuffalo to-day, who came here to protest against
the intinent of Jolin R. Hazel as Judge of
the new Western Judicial distriet of New York,
Iiagel is the candidate of the machine and wag
pre ented to the President by Senator Depew

ist Friday, He haa been indorsed by most of
the Judges in northwestern New York, as well
asby th ‘itieiana Che delegation conferred
with the President nearly an hour and a half
and were asked to return at 10 o’elock toemor-
Lhe President
se Senator Denew in the mean-
ind to inform
ect

    

 

row to [inish stating Wheir case
asked them to
t

  

) him of their feelings on
lelegation said that flazel

eople as wel

Tie

 

MON f
pess inter uffile as acandidate
Federal Judgeshtp in the new district

1s fo the busi-

    

for the

WAIL STAGE ON PIRE,

A Spark From a Cigar Caused the Burning of
the Stage and the United States Mail,

x, Mc, May 11

ited er 1

nsiat
f Fair

ELK i A spark froma lighted
rable excitement in the

Hill yesterday after

eo ip oer
mall village ¢

noon, ¢ f

iWrow @scape of

burned

using they

from

a woian

ened being the

to death,
of the United States mail and the reducing
! bets hikton
® of
ron
trip,

pa
loss
t

  
   
 

 

ige
Woman 5

 

making its usual
1 f his
+ Was enoy
ind it is Bupposed a spark from

d the straw in the bottom of

pas

N passing AWAY
» between the two potnt

 

of the

 

 

Patrick Reilly and Conductor Frank Oliver | S°0e tehonfire, In
desert their trolley car, whieh was in front of |“! { fanned the
the building, and go ehasing thr ~ | blaze and inan instant the stage was in flames
read yards, where the ice and Was quickly
firm handles are received lhe torr Jill, where the
conductor returned after five minut » the

said they had seen an Italian with a elo whed from e
fire the pistol and had chased him but he had ontent is
escaped, il pouea and

An Italian answering the «
man they had seen was dis

 
 
  

 

pany a few dave ago oey and
ackson for his diseharee anc 1 would
kill them. [tf ts supposed that be tried te carr
out his threat and the police are now erdeays

Oring to find him
ne
Not the Hon, David 8S. Jones's Last Surviv-
ing Child,
In an obituary published in Take Sus on May
9, William Alfred Jones, who died last Sunday,
Was referred to as the last surviving child of

the late Hon. DavidS Jones Hewas the
surviving child by a first wife of the Hon
B. Jonea, who was married three tines
are threo surviving children by the
Buarriage,

last
David
There

third

1 The driver, realizing that as nee onte
ne needed, drove rapidly to \r
: bur Kw oelet et nh fro 1 won
4 piassenver nd t hor i hi
velicle The stage, wit i ( wi
reduced to pshes ine t mu if
ne JOTTINGS
v Fifteen months oid Matthew Rooney of 690 We
Fort fth et got hold of a bott fe (
yesterday w e his mother waste andad
of the contents He was dead tn an hour, de
doctor
Nora MeHuga of 209 Kast Twenty « t

  

ABOUT TOWN

    

      

the servant who was arrested on
ww echarged with having stole slave te
13000 worth of silverware fron
Pelham road, Now Hochr
iployed a year ago
Magistrate |
exatuination
Wi!llam Kennedy, a park tnspect
to Bellevue on May 7, was declared insane yesterda
and was seot to ine Manhattan State ilospital le
Ye P, ° = ,
Uves at 247 Last bighty sixth street

 

     
 

 

The la lias been
Aimer held

she v
recovered

esterday
for

» WHO WAS taken

die

 

 

 
    
    
  

PANTHER LOOSE ON A SHIP.

—————

TACKLED THE MATE AND AN ELE+
PHANT BEFORE HE WAS SHOT,
Cargo of Animals Disturbed in Mid-Ocean by

the Antics of a Man Killer-The Pisa Got
in Yesterday With Many Feet of Snakes
and a Tale of Adventure and Death,
Jake, the Asiatic panther, whose snarl made
the women and children of Hamburg tre mile
when they looked into his tron barred cage,
was buried at sea, without honor or ceremony,
on May 4. He was put aboard the Slomm
Line steamship Pisa on April 27, with more
creatures from the jungle as shipmates than
have crossed the Atlantic in many a day in &
tingle vessel, If Jake had Leen good he might
be trying, like eleven elephants, six tigers and
&@ great congregation of other beasts of leas
intelligence, to form his first impressions of
America from the gloomy hold of the Pisa,
moored in Atlantic Basin, Brooklyn, She got in
yesterday, and the 298 immigrants aboard
her were mighty glad that the tumult of the
menagerie had ceased to mingle with the booms
ing and pounding of seas that were just about
as wild asthe animals almost from port to port.
Speaking with zodlogical exactness, Jake
Was a leopard of somewhat flercer temper and
much bigger proportions than the fourteen
other leopards that came with him itn other
enges. Jake was troublesome from the first
He was more savage than all the other leopards
put together, a regular “man eater,” as his
keeper, Carl Zellar, said. If the elephant Diana
Was uble to talk as well as she can trumpet she
might say that Jake was also an enter of ele-
phants. Diana had a ronch expernence with
Jake just before lds calcuss Was Uubied over
board
It was before daylight on May 4 that Jake
fastened his smile and claws in the woodwork
ot hig cage supporting the iron bars and ribbed
{t away. Most of the inunigrants on the deck
above Jake's quarters who were not scasick
Were asleep. The slip was rate hing and rolling
and two hundred or more monkeys wished they
were swaying in the branches of cocoanut trees
in their native wilds. Fifty of them died of sea-
sickness and exposure. ‘The reat were almost
seared to death when Jake appeared in siihou-
ette in the gloom of the hold aud woke up every
living thing there except five Lundred feet of
boa constrictors taking a nap after the dinners
they ate a few months ago.
the elaphayils were annong the first to realive
that the panier was loose, and they set up a
trumpeting that aroused every mau, Woman and
child aboard, ‘Then the tigers, the leopards,
the bears, the camels, the hyenas and the birds,
Including 2,0@ canaries, swelled the terrifying
jungle chorus. Chief Offlcer FP. Schafer was
on duty and he sent Second Officer H.Von Mar-
bom down into the hold to see what was the
toatter, Von Marbam is courageous, He
plunged into the darkness down the hatch lad-
der and saw dimly,by the faint glow of a few
kerosine lanterns, that. ten elephanta hobbled
to stanchions, were in panic, He presently
say thy flerce bright eyes of Jake shining trom
a nook where Diana was made tast,
He started for the pauther to drive him back

  

 

  

    

 

 

into his cage, Almost at the same time Jake
headed fe in. The second ofiicer turned
as the panther sprang at him, Von Marbrom
felt the brutes claws on his back aa he made
for the ladder running up the hateh to the
matin deck The result of the attack was that
the officer's coat was torn off and the panther

fell to the deck almost at Vor
and slunk away. Von Marbro 7
tine up the ladder and notitied the
man keeper Iwo of them, George
and Carl Zellar, went below,
rifle along

The panther had retreated into the quarters
of the elephants, passing close to Diana. She
fell to trembling and trumpeting. Her trunk
swung against the panther and he leaped on her
head, burying his claws in her hide and tearing
the end of her trunk with his teeth. Some
of tha other elephants tried to help Di-
ana by swatting the clinging panther with
their trunks, but he hald on and clawed unril
Zelar appeared with his rifle. Then he sneaked
off into a corner and glared at the keeper
* Thero was no use trying to get Jake back
into his cage, so Zellar decided to gattle the
tumult by settlingJake. It wasmighty easy to
see the twosavage, brilifant eyes of Jake borin
holes through tho obscuration. Zellar rained
his rifle, aimed between the gleaming marks
and fred, The marks ceased to exist instantly
and Jake rolled over without a growl. The
bullet had gone clear through his brain. Then
the keepers dragged the carcass to tha hatch,
hauled itup with aline aod pitched it over-
hoard, It took them half an hour too restora
the equanimity of the frightened elephants
The immigrants didn’t know the cause of the
frouhle until the next day. They objected
to their sleep being broken, but otherwise
didn’t seem to mind the tragedy helow decks,

There was one elephant that couldn't he
put in the hold. He {s ealled Capuri and his
keeper savs he {s eight feet tall. He was of
too great beam, denth and lenath to be lowered
through the hateh and ao ha had a hig hox
all to himself on the main deck just forward
of the bridge, He is trained to trumpet ata
signal from his keeper, and Chief OMoer
saya the ship utilized the hig pachvder
foe horn when she wa the Banks fee
her wav through the mist,

Capuri ls gome to the Glen Island Zoo of John
H. Starin with two of the five camels aboard

Among the other creatures in boxes and cages
aboard the Pisa are an Alpine eagle,, three os-
triches, two boxing kanwaroos, fifty boves of
snakes (including many big boas), two trained
gnus thet drag a litthe wagon, two antelopes,
two firing foxes, one yak, three sacred Feyptian
fhises, two bears and monkeys, Fifty
monkeys, two llamas, one antelope, and astork
died on the voyrage. The animals are from
Hagenback and are consigned to William Bartels
of this city, RD. Colirn of Chicago, Glen Island,
Pittsburg and Philadelphia

m's feet

  
  

spunger
Zellar took his

 

  

of

 

  

 

 

THE REV, MR. DAVIS ARRESTED AGAIN

Charged With Passing a Worthlees Check on
a Washington Florist,

WASHINGTON, May 11.—Tho Rey, Wellesley
Reld Davis is {n troubleagain, He is a
Methodist clergyman, 63 years old, and
was arrested here to-day on the charge
of passing a worthless check on Wale
jaca W. Kimmel, a florist. Mr. !Davis was
pastor of churches in New York city and has
occupied the pulpits of churches in Brooklyn
and Albany. His wife, daughter of Judge
Shackelford of Virginia, is said to have ob-
talned a limited divorcee and {s now practising
Jaw in New York with herson, Henry 8S. Davia

A year ago the Rev. Mr. Davis was arrested
here ona charge of passing a worthless check
on arailroad ticket agent. A friend made good
the amount and he was released) The charge
on Which be was arrested to-day was mada
ori@inally immediately after his release from
arrest here last year. Mr, Davis asserts that
Kimmel's claim. was settled at that time The
Washington police have been looking for him
since then, It ts alleged that Mr, Dav{s disposed
of some worthless paper in Balthnore last
yearandthat the money thus obtained waa
afterward returned Lt is reported aiso that
he contracted livery bills at the Waldorf-As-
toria, which the botel people were obliged to
settle, Whilein New York he attended diners
{n honor of Senator Frye and Rear Admiral
Schley President Cleveland appointed hima
aiamp inspector, and he held that office until
the beginning of the present Administrat n
He has the reputation of being aneloquent pul-

it orator, The charge brought by Florist

imme! with be heard in the police court toe
morrow

  

 

PRIVATE PENSION BIL1S§,

 

One Hondred and Eighty-one Reported to the
House and Passed Yesterday,
WASHINGTON, May 11-—The House to-day
went into Committee of the Whole, Mr, ( apron
(Rep,, R. 1) in the chair, to consider private

     
 
 
  

 

    

  

     
 

 

 

 

pension bills After 180 bills had been acted
upon favorably Mr. Sulloway (Rep. N. Ho)
moved that the comnittee ree Ir. Talbert
(Dem, 8. ©) opposed the motion, suggesting
thatthe commit re on until all
the old sol if a voteof 45
toot to ne but
w tak G been lavorn .
I ved} no

" d, 68 to i ‘ comniitte ’
*) Ils were t ted to the House and
i The House then adjourned until Mon-
aay

PREACHER A STRIKE ORATOR,

A St. Loats Conductor Who Was Farning Money
to Take iin Through College,

 

 

 

St. Lovis, May 11, ©
28, is the orator of thes i
@ Baplist preacher, a nussiona andas hay
Bhool te her Upto t d at a
ordered he was a cor r ¢ e ik ar
avenue line Where ' i VOrKing with
view to s rio eno t ey to take in
through ¢ ‘ge havi usiv worked his
t th uel hig el il the
tien to stand (rnin the present struggle, but

nol any law

to vicolite

Leaders of Strike Rioters Arrested,
Witkes-Barnne, Pa., May 11.--Four of
strikers atthe Buttonwood mine who led

he
the

riot on Wednesday were arrested to-day t

Sheriff Harvey and bis deputies. The men
made no effort to resist arrest Bach of them
Wae held in $1,000 bail for court) No atten pt

was made by the strikers to-day to prevent the

men from going Ww workland the mine w
run a half day, oe

  

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900,

a

 

MORE SHOOTING AT ST. LOUIS.

Several Persons Reported Hurt During At
wr tompts to Run Street Cars.

Str, Lovis, May 11.—The fourth day of the
btreet car tie-up showed no materitu improve-
ment {n the general situation. Under police

| protection the Compton Heights line Was oper=

| ated from early morning until 645 P. M., but
tew people availed themselves of the oppor-
tunity to ride, At Park and Mississippiavenues
the strikers saw ona Compton Heights car @
motorman who had promised to eave the clty
anda number of shots were fired at him. The
police fired back at the crowd So far as is
known, D. L, Hervey, a blacksmith, was the only
person seriously injured. About 4 P.M. cars
werestarted on the California avenue lino.
‘Three were taken out and then the firemen in
the power house joined the strikers and coin-
pelled an abandonment of the attempt to oper-
ate the line, Mounted Policeman Alexander
Stewart was knocked from his horse by stones
at Gever and Jefferson avenues While protect-
ing the California avenue cars and was sert-
ously injured

The attemptto operate the Bellefontaine line
met with great opposition, Many attempts
were made to cut the trolley wire with pistol
bullets, and several persons are reported to
have been injured. The Suburban and Delmar
avenue lines were operated, but did not carry
half the usual number of passengers. ‘Thestrile
leaders issued an order to their men to not
interfere with the running of cars, hoping to
demonstrate to the Police Board and the Gov-
ernor’s representative the inabilis¢ of the man-
agement tosecure enough men to run cars on
schedule time.

This afternoon General Manager Baumhoff
{ssued a notive to employees to the effect that
they could have their old runs by reporting for
duty on Sunday morning

‘The men on two lines in East St. Louls went
Out this morning, but the management secured
enough volunteers to operate the cars with little

 

 
 

 

 

Fall River Operatives Organize a $1,000,000
Corporation and Wil Be Their Own Bosses,
Fauu River, May 11.—The labor leaders {fn

the cotton industries have organizeda company

aud will go into the cotton manufacturing busi-
ness in this city in competition with former em-
ployers. The men at the head of the enterprise
are Congressman William 8 former

City Solicitor Phillips, James Tansey, Secretary

of the Carders’ Union and President of

Textile Couneil; 8 tary O'Donnell of

Spinners’ Union, James Whitehead, Secretary of

the Weavers’ Union; Secretary Jackson of the

Slashers’ Union, and Secretary MeCarthy of the

Loomfixers’ Union. Thea plan has been under

consideration for some

Greene,

the

lhe

 

time and it has now
taken definite form, und the stock subscription
books probably will be onen early next week
There will be 40,000 shares of $25 each, making a
total capital of $1,000,000, and the public will be
invited toinyest. The union men at the head of

the scheme are contident that most of the stock
will be Mnally taken up by people whe live neht
here in the city,

It is the oe to manufacture fine grades
of texule and to once and for all settle the
question of whether or no the manufacturers
have told the truth when they have sald that la-
bor lawsand labor unton demands were seriously
hampering the competition of Massachusetts
with other States in the production of cotton
fabrics, All the men at the head of the company
are skilled workmen, but know little of the invs-
teries of bookkeeping or of figures in general
Hence they say that when the sliding scale was
discussed they were unable to refute the manu-
facturers’ claims based on figures. Yot they
believed theirown contentions still, and they
belfeve that a mill that manufactures cotton
according to theirown ideas will demonstrate
that this contention was entirely sound

 

MACHINISTS’ STRIKES OFF.

 

Arrangement Made Preliminary to a Com-
plete Arbitration.

It took the Arbitration Committees of the Na
tional Metal Trades Association and the Inter.
national Association of Machinists, meeting at
the Murray Hill Hotel, all day yesterday to reach
a basis which would permit of negotiations.
Finally it was agreed that the employers’ eo.)-
mittee should telegraph to every member of
the National Metal Trades Association tn the |
United States notifying him that all lockonts

must be declared off at once, pending the arbi- |

tration proceedings. The representatives of the
International Association of Machinists notified

the local untons to declare off all strikes. It |

is believed
to-day
There have recently great strikes of
machinists in Chicago. Cleveland and Paterson
The dispute that was ended yesterday was as to
Whether they had assumed the form of lock-
outsornot, Six of the employers havea plan
of settlement to propose which
¢radual shortening of working tune
Paterson, NJ, May 11.-District Delegate
Williams arrived he to-night from the cone
ference at the Murray Hill Hotel in New York
and told the striking machinists that the strike
was officially declared off He sald that the
Metal Trades Association had agreed to rac OnE

thatan agreement will be reached

been

Ineludes a

 

 

nize the unions and that allof the strikers
would be allowed to go to work again. The
matter of wages and hours had not as yet been

settled,

 

STRUCK DOWN BY UNION MEN,

 

Mob of Minersin West Virginta Attack One
Man-Felled With a Club,
CUMBERLAND, Md, May 11
another serious riot
Midland

This morning
Klondike
hundred

occurred at

mine near Three

James Emerick, who had been warned to re-
main athome, Emerick said he was going into

the woods to get kindling, butit is asserted that

on an exmise like this before he went from the
woods into the mines and dug coal. An alters a-
tion followed and Fmerick was felled by a blow
from a club on the back of his head
paralyzed and ina eritieal condition. Several
of lis friends, who went to his aid, were severely
hurt. i
Five rioters are under arrest and will be tried
here to-morrow
rants yet to

{nereases

He is

delay.

A bill was introducedin the House of Dele-
gates to-day to canoel all the franchises granted
by the city to the street railroad companies be-
cause of their failure to run cars duriag the
past four days,

A LABOR UNION COTTON MILI,

The Sheriff has many war-
serve. The feeling of bitterness
More labor agitators are being sent
ythe region to tan the flame. MotherJdJones
& Woman agitator, ls due Monday, :

 

int

 

BEATEN FOR FEAR Hi'D Work,

Mistake of Striking Tattors From Which a
Bystander Suffered.

Israel Gottlieb of 226 Cherry street was watch-
ing a crowd of westiculating tailors in front
of the tailor shop at 360 Cherry street yester-
day when the tailors, who are on strike, mis-
took him for an applicant for
and beat and kicked him, One of his assail-
ants was arrested lo Magistrate Cornel! in
the Essex Market police court the man explained
that he mistook Gottlieb fora “seab.’

Oh! so you wonld not have wilted }
autilte iim
had you not thought him willing and anxious
perhaps under necessity, to work for his liveli:
hood sald the manera te ite This thins is
is Ht fine you $10, ard if

employment

 

 

Bimiply outrages

you are before me again on such a charge Ell

see it you can't get a couple of months in jail,”
=

 

union |
men, headed by a band of music, intercepted |

 

 

Traveler
1 trip
ure Malt Whiskey in my satchel
Doctor: Young man, the best travel
ling compgnion tor anyone is a bottle
of DUFFY’S PURE MALT
saved a great deal of suffering «
the last forty years when people trav
ing have been taken with a chill or a
cold, You should never be
without it. You can buy it at any drug-
gists or grocer's,or direct from Roches-
ter, express prepaid, for $1 a bottle. Be
sure you get the genuine. Send for their
free book, it will tell you all about it,

vu know, Doctor, | never
of Duffy's

Doy

vithout a bottle

J

   
 

 

 

 

sudden

 
           
   
           
     
       
           
         
     
   
       
 
      
        
        
       
         
          
 
       
       
   

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
  

ee

    

HEARING ON THE CANAL

MEMBLEES OF THE COMMISSION BE-o
FORE THE SENATE COMMITTEE,

They Indorse the Waiker Board's Report in
Favor of the Nicaragua Route-Admiral
Walker Said There Could Be No Doubt as
to Its Feasibliity- Silent as to Panama.

@Wasuinaton, Muy 1/.--The hearing to-day

by ‘the Senate Committees on Interoceanie

Canals on the subjectof the pending Nicaragua

Canal bill was conducted behind closed doors,

It was the result of a suggestion of Senator

Hanna and other members of the committee,

who believe that the bill ought not to be passed

by tho Senate until the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
has been ratified, and that the Canal Com-
mission's report ought to be submitted eo that
the Senate can act with some degree of in-
telligence. Tho session was five hours long.

Of the members of the commission there were

present the chairman, Admiral Walker, Col.

Ernst, Col. Haines, and Civil Engineers Mor-

rison and flaupt. Mr. Haupt is known to be

{n favor of the Nicaragua route
The cowmission indorsed the report made

to Congress by the Walker board some time

ago. That report was the result of a careful
investigation, and the present Commission was
willing to a pt its conclusions, both as to the
feasibilit’ of the route and the cost of construc
toon. There could, Admiral Walker said, be no

the feasibility of a canal being con-
ng the route which had been so very
tudied by the former commission
Ov h esided, The obatacles
along that ri well known and capable
vereom engineers
pect to the Panania route the come

doubt as

    

of being
With re

 

 
 

mission was not so free with its information
al Walker said that the resulta of the

ti of tt route had not yet been

’ " ~ nid enable the commission

th i iny practical knowledge
iputation as to cost of construction had

Hh made, and until the deld notes had

been worked cut, Admiral Walker sald, it would
bo impraciicable to give the committee the full
rT required When asked whether

he thouah? the cones I ited the French

the

 

erfere with
is Govern-

would

for the Panama r
1 canal there by th

construct

 

ment, Admir iM aiker said that was a question
with whieh the eou n had nothing to do,
That was a polities! question, The come

ith the duty of report-

mission was charged Ww ’
ind desirability of con-

ing on the feasibility
ov
fr

   

 

structing canal certain — preseribed
routes. Even that information could nov now
be fully given. ‘The members of the commis-
sion adroitiy avoided answering any anes
tions that would show the tend of thelr minds
aa to the best ronte, but partially supplied
the information sought by taking with ap-
mirent enthusiasm when the Nicaragua pro-
Ject was under discussion,

The Senate ( mittee will meet again on

 

Monday, when the bill will be taken up in execu-
tive session. Jt is not believed any report will
then be ordered, for of the nine members of the
Hanna, Hawley, Platt of
McBride and Sewell are opposed to
p sent action, and the minority, e¢ wanting of
Senators Morgan, Harris, Turner and Culber-
son, will be powerless to secure a report, The
Republican Steering Committee has also decided
that this measure shall go over until the next
Session,

 

   

DINNER TO Goy,

The Governor and Mrs, Roosevelt the Guests
of Honor at the White Honse,

WASHINGION, May 11.—Preeident and Mrs
McKinley gave a dinner to-night in honor of
Gov. and Mrs. Roosevelt. The
were the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
the Treasury and Mrs. Gage, the Secretary of
War and Mrs. Loot, the Attorney-General, the

Postmaster-General and Mrs Smith, the Secra-
tary of the Navy, the Seeretary of the Interior
ck, the

ROOSEVELT.

 

other guests

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

and Mrs. Hite Secretary of Agricul
ture d Miss Wilson, Scnator Depew, Repre-
sentative and Mrs, Hitt, Mr. Henry White, Sec.
retary United Stat Kmbasay ot London, and
Commander Wilham S. Cowles and Mrs, Cowle
This morning Gov, Roosevelt, in company of
Mr. Lodge of Maasachussets, entered the Sen-
ate chanber immediately after the opening
prayer Phe Governor smiled pleasantly at the

warts greetings which he received from many

   
       

 

 

 

 

 

 

Kepablican Senators, who pressed forward to
shake hr fle took a seat on one of the
divans on mibiican side where he eon-
tinned tot rinal | While the rou-
fine mort WH DUSsITOes Wa sssliiar

Gov, R evelt afrerware tkedover tothe
House, where be held an inprompoty reeeption
until the Ho went Ime Committee of the
Whole. Speaker Hende descending from
the chair. 1 cart Governor off Into his
room, with at Representatives in his
wake

Senator Platt came to this city last even
from Washington and told his (rlenda that Gace
Rov seve ne a endid time liere,
The Sena ithe had been asked to the
dinner atthe Ww fH tovening but had
10 decline beenise of t re engagements in
this

Ofther rt that Gov. Roose aspired to
be the fit eraf the | Dpines, Sena
tor Platt remarked that such work as will fall
to the | t ‘ A undoubtediy be
verve v7.5 ‘ \

Mw rs iid give

Gevernors New York State to aac
Wy kod

'N Ilutt ‘\ Idonot. tle
would asiree, P think, He is a
man wi kind of work
THE SUNATE WONT PASS THIS: Bry,

It Provides for the HPlection of Senators by
Direct Vote of the People,

   

   

WASHINGTON, Mav tt Phe bill passed by the
House proposing a Constitutional amendment
provid ' no oof Senators by a di-
Feet y Trot be aeted upon
| the Se seater ! The ¢ itter
on Pr nd Klections fh decided, how-
ever, lo grant tue ! vho desire to
be he@rd 1) LIUETALT Lee Ly ‘ly opposed to
the amendment, the only men tavoring it bee

ing Senators Harris, burrows and Turley, one

Tuember of each of the three parties in
Senate : " a

 

  
  

 

 

BLUE
FLAME

SHIP SUBSIDY BILL.

Another Minority Report Submitted by Messrs.
Chanler, Small and Ransdell.

WASHINGTON, May 11.—Messrs. Chanler of
New York, Small of North Carolina and Rans-
dell of Louisiana, three of theseven Demo-
cratic members of the House Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries, have submitted
a report on the Ship Subsidy bill in which they
disagree with the minority report in its general
condemnation of the measure, but yet decline
to support the bill in its present form, because
it will not accomplish the objecta aimed at. No
legislation of this character is entitled to sup-
port, they contend, which does not encourage

the building of American ships in American
shipyards, which does not encourage the em-
ployment of American seamen and which does
not jucrease Ainerican exports

Amendments dexigned to do away with their
objections to the bill are submitted with the re-
port Some of these provide that 50 per cent,
of the stock of corporations owning ships re-
ceiving subsidy shall be owned by American
chizens; that compensation shall be paid for
freight actually carried; that a certain propor-
tion of American seamen (from 25 to 50 per
ceni ) shall be emploved on the vessels receiving
subsidy; that specifle provision be made for
strengthening ships for use as auxiliary erulsers
and for their annual inspection by the Navy
Department, and that the anti-trust provision
beso amended as to take the jndicial power
froin the Secretary of the Treasury and vest it
fn the United States courts

Thereport co tends that the bill does not
coutain one ine encouraging the employment of
Americana upon American ships, or for the
amelioration of their condition, ong of the prin-
cipal objecta of the bill being entirely ignored
Among the other unfortunate results of this
situation was the difficulty in finding American
senmento manthe newly constructed battle-
ships. In connection with the statistics show-
ing that but 9 percent. of the foreign trade of
the United States is carried in American ves-
sele, the report rays that while the proposed
ixthmian canal will cost the people or the
Tnited States probably $200,000,000, yet tn the
foreign trade passing through the canal onlv
nine out of 100 vessels passing through it would
tly the American flag. Inder the present status
of the American merchant marine and under
present conditions, the report contends, the
canal would be construeted largely for the mere
chant marine of other vations.

Movements of Naval Vessels,

WASHINGTON, May 11.-Tho training ship
Adams has sailed from Mare Island for Port
Angeles and Puget Sound ports and the supply
ship Glacier from Brisbane, Australia, for Manila,
The cruiser Baltimore, Rear Admiral Wat-
0's flagship, arrived at Shanghai, and the
the gunboat Bennington, also on her way home,
at Yokohama. The naval militia training ship
Prairie, arrived at Key West and the Chieka-
saw at Tompkinsville. The Great Lakes guard
ship Michigan will remain at Chicago until May
2s, when she will sail for Kenosha, Wis The
battleship Iowa ia in dock at Bremerton, Wash ,
undergoing repairs which will take forty
days. Thirty days’ repair work has been au-
thorized for the collier Maree!lus,

Sammer Cruises of the Naval Cadets,

WASHINGTON, May 11. The practice ships
Newport and Chesapeake will leave Annapolis
on June 11 with crewsof naval cadets and will
cruise off the North Atlantic coast for two
months) The Newport is a steam gunboat and
the Chesapeake a sailing ship*specially designed
for training the cadets in seamanship. While
both vecels will leave Annapolls the same day,
they will cruise independently

 

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, May 11.-
deen issued

Passed Assistant Surgeon G. E
the Kentucky

Passed Asoistant Surmeon W, Fk, Braisted, detached
from the Detroit when out of commissioi to home and
be ready for sea orders

Lieut. te Robison, t temporary duty on the
Independgt, when discharged fromthe Mare Island
Hospital,

These naval orders have

Evans, to duty "on

A

Cook, bake and iron in hot weather with the WicKLEss BLUE FLAME OIL STOVE.
It’s as safe as a coal stove, as convenient as a gas stove, and more economical than
either. The bine flame creates intense heat concentrated in the cooking, not diffused
through the house, and does not make a particle of soot.

Wickless Oil Stoves

will save you trouble, time, and money. Easily moved about the house. Made in all
‘wes and several styles. If your dealer does not have them, write to
STANDARD OIL COMPANY, NBW YORK

 

} Vnion City, Ind., and P. J

 
     
  

  

 
     
 

DEMANDS CATHOLIC RIGHTS

BISHOP M'FAUL STRIKES AT THE
ADMINISTRATION'S POLICY,

Says That if the Catholics Were Organtse@
Matters Would He Far Different for the
Chaorch in the Philippines-He Demands
More Catholic Chaplains—Indian Schools,

Boston, May 11.—At @this morning's
session of the National Conventicn of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians, a letter
was read from the Rev, James McFaul,
Bishop of Trenton. Among other things the
Bishop sald:

“Jt seems to me, then, that all societies com
posed of Catholics should endeavor to touch
at certain points, that, while retaining their
{dentity and pureuing their own alms inde-
pendently of other organizations, there should
be a bond of union enabling them, in given cir-
cumstances, to exert a united influence. Let
me not be misunderstood. IL have not the
remotest idea of advocating a Catholic, a Ger~
man or an Irish party in America, but I bee
lieve that when there is question of our rights,
as Christians and aa Catholics, we should be in
a position to maintain and protect them in ap
intelligent, forcible and legitimate manner,

“If we were 80 organized, can it be supposed
for a moment that the present Administration
would have passed over in silence the outrages
against religion perpetrated in the Philippinea,
or that those blinded by religious prejudice
would have been selected to investigate ang

report upon affairs intimately connected with
the welfare of the Catholic religion in those
eountries which have lately come under the
flag of the United States?

“Again, if that influence to which our nume
bers relatively to the entire population of the
country entitles us had been manifested in the
proper channel, it is evident that the same Ad-
ministration would not dare treat so unjustly
our_Indian sehoo!s, and virtually destroy their
usefulness by refusing proper pecuniary supe
port

Finally let me add that we are entitled
to a greater number of chaplains in the army
and navy Catholics have poured out their
blood like water on Jand and sea under the
fing of their country, aid the least they can nek
is that wh the ‘warrior's soul is about toe
meat the warriot's God’ they should receive
the consolations of that religion whieh has
pa patriotic aspirations in their hearts

et the A. O. TL take a determined step is
this matter.’

At the session
Convention in

 

  

of thé. Hibernians National
Fanenil Hall to-day John T.
Keating of Chicago was selected National Prese
iden? His only opponent, fd) Slotrery, Stata
President of Massachusetts, withdrew in favor
of Mr. Keating, and the latter was elected by
acclamation. James kb. Dolan of Syracuse,
N. Y., was re-elected Vice-President and I. 1

Moran of Washington, D. ¢ Vreqgsurer, Th

only change of offeers was that of Nationis
Secretary, James ©. Sullivan of Philadelphia

who has held the offee for two vears, declined
the nomination, and J. P. bree of New Haven,
Ftate President of Connecticut, was elected |

his place. Three members of the old Boar

of National Direetors were re-elected, Patrick
O'Neil of Vhiladelphia, tha Rev. M. J Byrne of
Connor of Savane
nah, Ga William J. Cronin of Kast Bostom
was chosen in place of F. J. Slattery.

Honse Passes Bill Providing Travel Pay for
Officers and Men of the Army.

WASHINGTON, May 11.—Tha House to-day
passed the bill providing travel pay for ofleers
and enlisted men, The existing law was passed
in I812and reénacted in 1413, and allows come
mutation of one day's allowance for eaca
twenty miles traveled With modern convene
fences of travelit is thought sufficient to allow
four cents a mile. Underthe present law a Coke
onel discharged in San Francisco and travelling
to Washington would receive $1,520 and @

  

Major-General $3,278

Friendly Game.

To win at poker kreep a straight face,
Icok pleasant and smoke the HOFFMAN
HOUSE CIGAR. You will then enjoy

every minute of the time.

THE HILSON COMPANY, Makers,