er ET TE RES F ry - tl

a ts

 

   

eS

SA N T OY FON Gr, aan mn 8 Pen temertly ie ele coat

' in his place
REST OF HER)

RARE SAN

Chu Fong didn't like the allegation that he

ne FONG'S WIFE, bougn’ hia wife, ane he mentions i faatter
( 4 . , ' after court was adjourned, He speaks English
nact rELLS A TALE IN COURT, almost perfectly and is a very intelligent man

ite married San Toy Fong in isv%, when

 

Not Ender a Bible Oath, bat Well Knowing | 4), was San Toy Chuck, daughter of
ee that There's Wrath Hoth Here and Here- | Lee Chuck and great was the wedding
ster for the False Witness: Goung Fong, peromony, which was celebrated at ‘Terrace
afte " ‘ , . . . °
aie Itlessed of Infants, Was There, Too, Garden Not only were all the elite of Chinn

town there but there was a great attendance

yn the entire farnily of | of Chu Fone’s American friends, some of them

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

ror ‘eq. | Malchty politicians who made speech Two
(h County Court House ba ) years litera girl baby was born, but she lived
sands rhe ruaiesty of the Melican man’s | oniy afew months After that for a long time
san Te Fong, Chu’s voung and) the young mother took no part in the soclet yof
a” a ofe. itwas something of an | Chinatown, but eines the birth of Goung Fong,
pre't Re ee 5 | which was an event celebrated with mighty
ord pepadte take anaetive partin the | jupiations, she has again taken her rightful
p ba cha Fong bimself seemed a | pee aniong rnp inaitone of ihe quarter Chu
ore tthe outent ‘or their severa! | Fong says that little Goung shail bea lawver
ir" riedatt dime vue oe “Did vou see how he listened to the Judue?
‘ is wi oeeassion of some Interest | eaidhe, proudly, ‘‘Heyshall bea learned man,
pride to be involved by cousins | and «shall learn a 18 LOOKS O ne Atnericans
y Ived } j d shall | thet ; 7 at }
a } , Snd he is an American himself and always
wet o littl Goung Fong, | a) '
r moult. Ai i ae . oe , | shall be There are only a few full-blooded
t} ‘ of the Fongs’s existence, It) Chinese boys in this country, and this son of
, \ melark andhesat upon | mine isthe best of all.”
. ¢ his american nurse and nodded Unlike almost al! Chinamen of wealth ond
th : : . saint .. | standing, Chu Fong has no intention of going
his ~ccoupped head in appreciative a@e- | pack vo China to die He is contented with
antanee of proceedings which he evidently | this country, where he has made a fortune asa
in he nsuperior style of game ar- merchant, and his wife is content wherever she
oon ae deiaeration ‘The mater | C#0 bring up her man-ehild to the best man-
raise his speci! deleetation re MACE | hood. Perhaps afier he and bis wife are dead,
tr \ hecontinuanee of the suit of San | says Chu Fong, Goung zone, me American,
" fore tuatice Lawrenee in Special | Who will never be so much an American as
Foy Fong letore duation Sawer 5 hoe shiek to lose all the heritage of his Chinese blood,
Te V,.of the Supreme S-OUrt TOeRs \) will send back their dust to mingle with the
her title ton f interest in the property at | soi! of China, where there ancestors jie Per-
el] street, said to be worth hans Goung Fone after he has made a naine
a, und 24 Pel oe anda fortune here may himself zo back and be-
$100" _ | comea mandarin, But that isin the far future
loan toffen thatse gay a spectacle is seen in | Por the present the smoke of the birth-prayers
ae ourt Honse as the little family group for Goung Fong, burned before Joss, show
th i tch them plainly that he isto become «a mighty man in
pil {ryere were a crowd to we en 1 the country to whos citizenship he was born
a woihed throug the balls The mother | If the prophecy isn't fulfilled it wont be the
py oclad below the waist in black silk | fault of Chu Fong and hi: wife, and if the suit
ee 5 Jonnd full, but hert nen | turns outright the coming legal luminary of
bloomers cut very wide and full, but her upp Chinatown will inherit a rich property.
ai ent was that of a butterfly in the sun- _ ane ea
ie 8 < s her blouse was made of are
potan stle the stores of this country. The MR. BRYA SILENT DAY
ground color of the garment was a rich, heavy | gre Has Nothing to Say of the Nomination of
bine, along whieh ran Wide stripes of straw Mr. Towne, Who May Withdraw,
snale vreen of early verdu The 2.
‘ ileal ables Sogal ‘pes vs oe “ LINCOLN, Neb., May 1) —This wasMr. Bryan's
‘ * \ nders ’ z > ! y : ‘
glovyes were wonders ¢ Saar 7 pM Ue) silent day. Heexhibited considerable interest
ravine Freer fre anc ‘
yellow, gray and green, wits re a rere @ | last night and this morning in the deliberations
glint of fire shooting Trois BS 1s oe temas of the Stoux Falls Convention, but declined to
De arene San Fos Benes | discuss either his own or Mr Towne's nomina-
free ' estubs that did duty and none] tion He intimated, however, that he might
a ‘ eto walking as feet were nave somal ene ot aD ‘
mined in lue ¢ , . Amo g¢ Nebraska Popniists an emocrats
a iupand jamined into bl ” anes, Ona the opinion is that the convention blundered in
nie ery quant embroideries and bead- | naming a candidate for Viea-Pres.dont, as it
| elicate ears swung golden | placed the Ponulists in the position of dictating
th) pearls and jewels thatlooked | heminees to the Democratic National Conven-
neat Sah ay tion Mr Bryan and Mr. Towne are fast
' but seemed rather milky in} friends, the latter having come yearly into
‘ fine black bair was brushed re to pep Mr mryen. It is believed
\ hes i ou vy: been the | thet he will withdraw rather than create any
matt ; $ wane Be ae ; embarrassment for Mr. Bryan or the caure
d itist, She carried herself with T OM Patterson of Denver, permanent chalr-
tt {seemed neither elated nor | man of the convention, and nese of the
4 forthe attention w } " , Committee on otification,  stoppe over
NEE , tion which she could not in this city this evening on his way
failt it she attracted home. Fle visited = Mr Bryan between
} houlder of his nurse Goung Fong |] trains, but neither would say that ‘hey
t { the world about him with a | conversed about the convention. Mr. Patterson
: eee age ; : ni isavery close friend o. Bryan and was one of
‘ which seemed to say that onthe | the strongest advocates at Sioux Falls of tho
\ eit sas satisfvetory an oecasion as hs poner _ leaving he serene piace blank. It is
rieneod i is k , | nous life lieved that, inorder to avoi complications
abi in his lobe and urducus Tre and enable a prompt settioment between the
ot near irfeen months He wore a coat | conventions, the Populist notifications will not
anda pair wide trousers that shimmered | be made till after July 4
jnto hundreds of color gradations every time
henoved. As henever sat still fora moment CARNEGIE FOR M'KINLEY.
watching him was like being a spectator ata
pyr display on a smaliseale, and the | MeKintey Will Make a Better Executive ta
freworks concentrated in alurid blaze, whiel His Second Term Than tn the First.
Was fis hat of several kinds of scarlet and The Brooklyn Eagle in a cable from london
crinsousilk. Brightorange silic rosettes were ) printed last evening reports Mr. Andrew Car-

fastened to each side of this flaming headgear negie assaying
Perhaps out of respect to the Courtor perhaps | “President McKinley will be reélected, for the
forthe voungster’s greater comfort, this hat | Democrats ore certain to renominate Brvan_ I

y
‘ : . | Democratic ticket in any way
arda delicate pink silk skullcap with a holein | “tr Bryan cannot put life into the silver

substituted, By-and-by little Goung | issue again, the people have decided that ques-
Fire's highly respected and honored cue | tion and they are against it ;
willgrow out of that orifice and will be be- Inconmenting upon Mr. McKinley's admin-

istration Mr, Carnegie said
ared wih pertumed unguents and other- “Mr McKinley is likely to prove a better
caretuiiy nurtured upin the way it ought |

President in his aecond term than he was dur-
tego. At present Goung’s head. isn't much |

ing lis first. His instincts are right and he has
more hirsute than a polished ostrich eg@ and he

been right on all questions at fins ]
propably needs the cap to keep him trom Mr Carnegie wasasked to express his views
catching cold

\
|
; on the trust question
When JusticeLawrence entered the courtroom |

t wos

 

“Neither party.’’he said. ‘will seriously at-
Goung Fong regarded him out of a critical eve, | tempt any anti-trust legislation, The reasons
Thelong black robes of justice attracted his | for this are that the hue and cry regarding
attention and he considered them foramoment | trusts is dying out. All trusts at present are
and then turned bis eyes upon his own raiment | tainted with a suicidal mania. Sooner or later
they willbe out of the way The

 

    

That » comparison was satisfactory was 1¥ leg slated
nat ‘vy apparent, as hesiniled serenely at; tion is one that cannot be successfully legisiated
isshining silks Obviously he felt thet he was | upon.

tter dressed than this large man who had the | “er

niace of honor Infact, he said as much in a MOVEMENT TO DOWN NEW.
lite chirp exactly like that with which the ap-

arrow greets the too-early worm

 

His Attitude on Porto Rico Causing Party

preciati

  

 

and blinked <dainfully when his nurse re- |!
ved him for breaking the decorous silence Strife in Indiana.
that he had pinerio bianereed His ener erow INDIANAPOLIS, May 11. When the new Re-
{ etly wide for ev con wardly ae :
vat unless the brows ware ren oved, but | publican State Central Committee was chcsen

rarrow than is their wont as he saw hia | Harry 8. New, owner of the Journal, retired

 

mott at rwat . ' ‘ti ‘ a es re her | from the committee with the understanding that
Counsel, putterimg to tribute nNup te @ wit. ‘
’ tand. Or on it hee Coins 3 foweed Inte | he would be selected for the place of Indiana's

jtand her bright sills cwished into curves and ; representative on the National Cominittee. It

feolornundlahs looked likea strange- | develops now that a bitter fight is being made

  

 

Bar ‘
I tbirdne tineinthe depths. One wlance | against him on account of the attitude of the
' ya her busband whosat bland and at- | Journal toward the Porto Rican Tariff bill, the
te novrby, andanotherather baby, who | paper opposing the measure and refusing to ac-
ferursed it irom his beady eves Then she j qulesce in it after the bill was passed finally
t othe Judge The delegates selected at Muncie yesterday are
ter trom Police Headquarters was | both against New, and other delegates are at
pres tand took up the case First of all, Juse | work for Frank Milliken on the ground that it
toe Lawrences askedif the witness understood | will not do to place a man on the National Come-
toe nafureofean oath Chua Pong confided to | mittee who is not in accord with the President
nextdeory ee f that hi pire was plously | emerson +0
brouwg Ho and vould soten the souls of he . s : >
himeron- ancestors tall any kind, sort, specien | WILE SAY 16 TO 1 IF NECESSARY.

 

    

 

 

 

  

 

 

removed before the proceedings began | cannot support the Nebraskan nor assist the |

ee

 

ae snnammanan Sr ee

| corder’s messenger

' Josing that of

ervanotyofa te The interpreter meantime |
wa ersing Wilh San ‘Toy Fong, wholooked | So Says Mr. Campana of the Kansas City Con-
@ iftle disdain’ul, white he seemed to be in dif- vention Platform,
! tie Ait she bad answered one of his | .
Gietosatsome length in hersoft, irregular ine | Detrort, Mich , May 11.— Daniel J. Campau,
tomation he ter = ind said ; ee chairman of the Bryan Campaign Committee
\ hedo snot wanrttotak ich' gg , i or ’
Hat she must talk, said the Justice. “This | and boss of Mich gan, tays that the Democratic
fe er case | shall dismiss the ease if she | State platform adopted at Port Huron last week
thring testimony to prove her side unmistakably indorses the ( hieago plattorm.
\tthe su ogestiono one of the relatives the | ‘Our platform to be adopted at Kansas
vyer {thatthe interpreter wasn't making | City,’) he says, ‘ will be plein enough for
hiniselt intelligip ©» San Tow Fong, as he | any body on the money question. The
‘ peak in her dialec So the interpreter | actual figures, 16 to 1, will have oa place
vert again, changing the wording alit- | in the platform if necessary Whether they
Ne and nee witness sad that she had | do or not there will be nothing equivocal
rather not talk, b -hemust she would, She | as to where the party stands, The Democratic
® litt ind Jooked appeaiingly | party has higher aims than the mere seeking of |
a! her hust ( The interpreter asked her | offices It is a party of principles and will net
abontt ath and she responded readily | go back on the principles ao clearly set forsh in
mie . eroported, ‘that she knows the | the platform of 1896, and s0 fearlessly cham-
oa and that {fi she does not tell the truth the | pioned by our intrepid leader
( row punish her { ——
\ eri thatisallthatwil > we? “ " . °
dead a ap alitherw tt happento ber.” yoyes WitLING TO SERVE AGAIN,
') es | -—----- ---
estion bem put, the littl woman |
' roedhereveson toe Judge, studied his face | WH Act as Democratic National Chairman ff
for a ment as if to make up her mind | the Committce Wishes It,
her foreign unbeliever eould beex- |
peotey aderstand spiritual matters and, INDIANAPOLIS, May 11 An Indianapolts
“itsted with her ins eetion, shook the shim- | friend of Senator Jones addressed him a letter
' Hhsotsiik irau her left hand and | several days ago asking if he intended to be a

\ eupir 1

led forefinger pointed sole yj ;
Ke There wae he ee nereniny | candidate for reélection to the Democratic
tranaletion, “She saws thereisa | National Committee chairmanship A reply
. ent 10 ening Tue sign was , was received to-day in whieh the Senator said
ent and convine ne that he would be a eandidate in the sense thet
rdoubt that she under- . pe would accept the place and discharze tts

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

\ erent periormers of the

) missioners

| starvation

wt

9

3 YEARS FOR WIFE BEATER,

PRUGGED HIS VicTIM EACH TIME
AFTER BEATING BER.

Joseph Kenna Punished at Last for the Months
of Torture He Und Caused ~ Always Foreed
His Wife to Drink Whiskey After Abasing
Her So That She Coatda’t Tell on Bim,

What Recorder Goff charactertyed as the
most extreme instance of brutatitg) that ever
came under his observation was before hint tn
Part THT General Sessions yesterday =A pow-
erfully built man stood at the bar awaiting
sentence on a plea of guilty of assault inthe
second degree Beside him was a woman who
appenred to be Httle more than skin and bone
She.had a mite of ababy in hor arms, andevery
time the man looked at her she shrank away
from him and Jooked appealingly at the police-
man Who stood close to the man, as though ex-
pecting some outbreak from bim

Phe prisoner was Joseph Kenna, 31 years old,
a driver, of 744 Fast Ninth stréet, and the woman
was his wife, for assaulting whom he wasawait-
ing sentence, On the night of April 4 last
Ken: acame home drunk, and hauling his wife
out of bed, where she was sleeping with her
three little children, dragged her around the
floor and then clubbed her with the butt end of
a heavy whip. For «ix days the woman lay
helpless and almost blinded by the assault of her
husband and with no one to take care of her
children or to provide them with food but her-
self. On April 10 neighbors notified the Gerry
society of the case and its agents took the chil-
dren away, The neighbors then sent the woman
to Bellevue Hospital, where for a time it was
thought that she would not recover. She finally
pulled through, and on proving that she was a
woman of good character got her children back
again. Her husband in the meantime had been
arrested for the assault on her, although sho
had not made any complaint about him. Ho
had pleaded guilty and went to court yesterday
for sentence.

The harsh treatment that Mrs. Kenna had un-
dergone at the hands of ner husband was
brought to the attention of Recorder Goff sev-
eral days ago and he began an investigation
He saw Mra. Kenna and she was persuaded to
tellherstory Shetoldthe Recorder that she
married Kenna six years ago and that in all
that time (here had not been a week in which
she had not been beaten by him at least twice.
The man generally used the butt end of his
whip, but sometimes he punched her, The most
serious beating heever gave her was the one

for which he was last arrested. Once before he
had been arrested and sent to the Island for
thirty days for the same offence, but his treat-
ment of his wife after he came out was 80 #e-
vere that she never dared to make complaint
against him again,

She has two eisters, she said, who came

to see her several times, but always went
away from her convinced that she was a
drunkard. This was because every time

Kenna heard that these sisters were coming
he beat her and then fed her with whis-
key until she was drink. Sometimes he
would spread empty whiskey bottles around
tho floor, she said, and tell these sisters that she
had drink the contents of them all. After ber
husband beat her on April 4, she said, she
was unconscious tor some time, and during that
time Le fed her with whiskey so that when she
did recover consciousness she was unable to do
anything for herseit or her children From
that day, until April10, her husband never en-
tered the rooms and in the entire six days all
thatshe hod toeat was two boiled eggs, acup
of teaandacnup of coffea, These were brought
in bv neighbors

Recorder Goff senta man to investigate and
he learned from the nee hbors that Mrs. Kenna
Wasaree ectable woman and thatall she had
told him was perfectly true Ihese neighbors
said that when the woman was taken to the
hospital she was so thin from suffering and
that she didn't weigh @ bundred
pounds although naturally a medium-sized
woman. The hospital surgeons told the Re-
that they never saw a
worse case of abuse intheir lives. Recorder
Gott had astern jook on his face when Kenna
caine before hin vesterday

“Have you anvthing to say for yourself,
Kenna?” he asked

"Only thar | heat
drunk,” said Kenna ,

The tears began to run down the woman's
face The Recorder asked her if she wanted
to say anything, but she made no response,
onty hueging the baby a little closer

"This cace,” said tne Recorder, “is the most
extremoone of crueity, neglect, drunkenness
and starvation that I have ever sean But for
the love this woman had for her children and
the kindness of her neighbors the little onea
would certainly have died Kenna, your wite
is to-day one mass of bruises, the result of your
brutality. She has jost the sight of one eye
and [ am intormed that she is in danwer o
the other You are responsible
forallthis: you, a great, strong, healthy able-
bodied man, I do not care to talk to you any
more than necessary, sol will merely say that
the sentence of the Court ia that you be con-
fined in prison for threo years "

Kenna smiled as he received his sentence, but
ave a vicious look at his wife as he oassed her
Mrs. Foster, the Tomb’s angel, at the request
of Recorder Goff, teok char@e of Mrs Kenna
She assured the Recorder that neither the
woman nor her children should want fora
home and plenty to eat until the woman ia able
to get around and do something for herself

 

 

her because sho was

COLER GOES TO WASHINGTON.

Has an Anti-Trost Plank in HisGrip to Show
to Chairman Jones.

Comp't: ber Coler packed his gmp yesterday
and went to Washington. Oneof the thingsin
Mr. Celer's grip was a rough draft of the anti-
trust plank, which he will urge the Democratic

State Convention, to be held here on June
5, to adopt) This plank Mr. Coler will
submit to the Elon James K Jones of Arkan-

sas, chairman of (he Democratic National Com-
mittee, tobe measured by him with reference
to its edaptability for use in the National Dem-

ocrane platform to be adopted at the Kansas
City convention

Mr. Coler’s anti-trust) plank is simpler than
some that have been suggested It provides
for State supervision of all ehartered corporn-
tions on the plan under which savings banks
and insurance companies are inspected now
Ex-Senator David Bennett Hill approves of it,
as do meny other eminent Demoerate in this
State

senator dones is a great admirer of Comp-
troller Colerand Mr Coler went to Washington

 

on the Senator s invitation Mr Coler ia one
ef the Wall Street men who were loyal to
the Democralie party in 1808 after

the Chi ago patform was adopted Sennior
Jonas nas said to his intimate frends that he
be jovea hat with Mr Colecas the vem erat ¢
enandidate for Governor of this) State it
might be possiele to carry the State for Bre an
To those wh are not bis intimate friends Mr
Jones says that Brvan will carry the State
anyway Mr Coler has saidrepeatediv that he
wants tofinish jus term as Opmoptroller and is
notacanddateterthe nomination for Governor

 

NEW YORK STATE FAIR,

Horse Department Gets 68,000 and Racing
Department 610.000 for Premiums,

May 31. The

closed a

State

session

SYUACUBE New Yerk
Fair two-days'

this afternoon, at which Impertant action was
taken. Of the total of $26,000 allowed for cremi-

rms $8,000 is dev

Mommission

ted to the horse department

  

whieh means @ great improvement in a feature
that has alwnovs been weak An appropriation
of $10,000 has Leen made lor the racing depart-
ment Phe largest appropriation ever mace

before fer racing Was $6,000, three years ago
It was only one year that renched that fleure
A 810.000 appropmation means the best grand
ite Frur mile traci
he art exhibit was entirely ent out
Commissioners in charge of
were named @s follows: btorses, C,H. Halcemb
F.C. Stevens and Harry Hamlin: cattle, swine
and sheer, Po) Ward: ponttry, (A. Wieting
machinery, of Hl lrurkee forage, the com-
of various departments
flowers, S. PD. Wihard
domestic, Bo Bo Morr

Duriee

   

departments

 

itt eh
trunt, vegetables and
dairy, GA

transportation, J. H

sith

County Medical Society Joins State Medical

Association,
At a speeal meeting of the County Medice!
Society held Soudemy ¢f Medicine last

night to considerthe question of constituting the

t the

   

society a stbore ecounty association of the
New York State deal Assocation a resolution
to thit effect was possed uf aimonely Pes
dent ho TL Wigginand Dr.) Bifot porria spoke
in favor of the motion. The attendance was
sinali

A Brooklyn Country Club on Peconic Pay,
A proprietary club, to be
Brooklyn Country

known as the

Clib, has been organized

It has a beautiful clubhouse and twenty-eight |

, aeres on the west shore of Peconic Bev. LI

Stand r suid tae Court ‘L wish all | duties it the inenibers of the new National Com-
do the same appreciation of the | mittee should so. determine “Bur in any
' fanowth Willshe take the regular | event,” he added, “I shall not complain "
eC hinese oath? oD
\ ( Fong smiled broadly F ° . in iens 0cx al
Powe sith INvulthe the claiee we cheeeenta | EN THE FIGHTING TWENTY-FIRST,
‘i : I ning of many paper neon
f iodoother yoatters rather out of the Three Austinites After Assembly Honors,
‘ 1 Stuerican court procedure Somes | Only One Graberite.
WV sueested atthe court ofleers go forth >
aid \ » bens, and they began to edie The Anatin faction of the Republican party in
r (il door vneasiiv However, the wit | the Twenty-first Assembly district has three
r Pant aahiee nn oo sia ee wu members who are anxious to get the nomina-
te ww spok ma tionforthe Assembly They are Charles 8
pice \ tint e will not swear on the Whitman, Robert MeCormiek and [Kobert \
! tr vied the interpreter Thompson The Austin Distriet ¢ ominittee
( , ve not the implements for the | will bold a meeting soon and deeide which ore |
* procedure “nid oustiee Lawrence of them ft will back Col Gruber has onty one
A ' ipon the faces of the court om. , candidate, WilllamS Bennet, who was hix most
rf ! Tdonotwant to »ostponethis , enthusiastic and hard working supporter in the
: rif she wiltnot take some kind of | Mareh primary flyht
atti. © considers binding } Hare een STEED
‘ DITOR TLE RRO WE DEMIAD | BUTLER BEATS EDMISTON.
' '
mt ired «} one to - |
. i Pious woman oe i ae Sioux falls Popnitst National Committee Flects
t red’by a million grandchildren Its Chatrman,
he Sen SPer Se eee | Stovx Fanos, 8. D., May it The new Nat-
; that she will promise to tell | ioral Committee of the Sioux Falls Populists
Pres Phoows it,” pursued the inter- 1 met this morning ond organized Senator
\ ; Butler of North Carolina was reelected + hair-
” iit rarest of women, atruth= " soan state Chairman Edmiston of Nebraska
‘we proud Cha Fong rade a tight acalnethim = ‘The vote was 4510
. Hohe trusted to be truthful,’ | 99in But ers favor Th: commit -e cee ded to
; | renee, looking at her, and, 1e- goto han os Ci y to see the Democrats and
' rave steadily, she said) "Yes, ves," | Siiver Republic ns and to invite represen ative
ot vinted upward men of the par vy from other States to co
: began and ¢ Fong's ~— °
8 w sne wed the om that he ’
\ eourtit and adted to it No Qaarter for Coffer's Frieads,
d on > aehold a 7
: 1 , ae = oan en Thomas F. Reilly has been thrown out of his
s in dispute Ttwasa , $1,500a vear job as private secretary to Deputy
’ ry and quiekly told) On | street Cleaning Commissioner Quinn of the
{ rant Men the opposing counsel | porong of Brooklyn, presumably on account
‘ : ’ "bought by her husband. | o; hasupport of senator Michael) Coffey in his
b de and the counsel said that) gylit with the Demoerntic managers All
act ‘hatshe wasaslave and not! qrends of Coffey. it is announced, who hold
ho Chu Fong official places and are not secured by the givil
ab MWitmakes any difference what | service rules, are to share the same fate before
' Tey seid the Court. “Cer | the pext primartes come around
: ive now and she has the
' her woman }
resexatcination was brief and the | State Delegates Instract-d ver Eevee
: 2 Ked relieved when she wae | Loekpont, N Y, May 11.— The First Assem-
b : Bs ive the stand Asshe passe ‘ wat * , t ternoon in-
And abl ive beside Goung Fong she leaned over | bly Democratic ap tote = ba tor dele-
Oi a ull a surreptitious little squeeze and | structed the State delegates City Conveation
bre relatives looked senndalized at this | gates-at-large inthe Kansan () J or.
: ) favori @ the renoinination of WJ Bryan tor

etiquette. But Goung Fong !
tol of infantile pe nung Fong. though President and instructing them for George Ww,
Batten of Lockport for State Committeeman.

This insures Mr. Battea's reelection,

ala } propriety. isn't ghagetner
ey, © Conventions, and he slid out a
‘Ue brown hand around his mother’s neck, But |

 

Tha metobership will ba confined to twenty
and the entrance fee is £500. Among the inem-
bers are former Fire Chief Thomas Fo Nevins,
former Senator . H. Mohulty, Desinoud
Dunne and James Gresiuua,

‘THE |SUN,

 

 

 

a

LIVR\ TOPICS AnoUT TOWN.

Charles Delmonico, whose engagement to @
Brooklyn irl has just been announced, was re-
garded by his friends as a confirmed bachelor,
and it was never thought that he would break
the traditions of his three predecessors ond
take a wife. It wos this peeullarity of the
former proprietors of the establiahment which
cave the name of Delmonico to its present

holder, The late Charles Delmonico left no heirs,
and by actol the Legislature his nephew Charles
Christ took the famous name so that he
might carry on the business without the
embarrassment of possessing one title and be-
ing compen tocall himself by another Mr
Delmonico has been in bad health recently and
has been less conspicuousin New York's out-of
door life than forinerly He was rarely seen at
the first ni«ht of the plays, at the races and in
the Park, where for so lona he had appeared
Withregularity Abstinence from these pleas-
res wns enforced by the state of Mr Delmoni-
co's health and the results of that regimen have
been visible during the past year He looks
much better than he has for some time

 

Not all of the hotels meet with success in
New York, and ‘t almost seems that the india-
pensable element of prosperity is that the
building should be new. One establishment
recently opened has not met with the expected
success upto this time, although there were
many indications in favor of this result and
Success may come after a while The expe-
rience of a more inodest establishment
was even less encouraging A hotel
stood vacant for nearly ten years, was

redecorated and reopened, and at theend of pre-
cisely seven days was closed up again. he
roprietor was led to take this prompt action
rom the fact that he did not receive in all that
‘ime one single application for rooms, while the
number of guests who patronized the restau-
rant during the week amounted to twenty-
eight. While) he was not superstitious,
there seemed every indication that his
hotel had not attracted much attention from
the public, and he closed up rather than
min the risk ol greater financial Joss. The
building has had acurious career 1t was pop-
tor asa hotet of the second or third rank nil!
the visit of a certain English burlesque com-
pany; a number of its members were housed in
thla hotel and the place never recovered trom
th» shock to its reputaton at thattime. No
ai tempt Was med? to bring it more into accord-
ance with modern ideas of comfort until a few
weeks ago with the gratifying result of one
week's existence under its new auspices.

Chester Alan Arthur, whose marriage to Mrs.
©. M. Townsend Fithian Andrews in Switzer-
land has just been announced by cable, does
not look like his father, who at one time was
considered to be one of the handsomest men
in the United States. Alan Arthur is six feet

tall, stoop shouldered, with black eyes and
hairandalmost ashambling walk He haslived
in England and Francethe greater part of the
timesince hisfather'sdeath Mrs Andrewsisa
eranddaughter of “Dick’’ Connolly, of Tweed
ring memory, and until her husband. Clarence
Andrews, lost his fortune through Francis H.
Weeks's embezzlement, she was well known
socially here and at Lenox. Mrs. Andrews was
a handsome woman, with a vivacious manner.
She obtained a divorce from her husband a
year ago. Clarence Andrews, after the loss of
ius fortune, became a sort of an impresario
and manager of the Society of Musical Arta,
President Arthur did not leave a large estate to
his children

“Twilladmit that the objection to the old
barkeeper is well founded,” said aman whose
Knowledge of the route enables him to speak
with authority, “and that he is frequently
likely to be overbearing with strangers, patron-
izing to his old friends and indisposed under all
circumstances to make a mixed drink, but he
js valuable as representing to-day the tradi-
tions of the cocktail as they are not usually un-
derstood = The cocktail sold at the average

|
New York bar, whether it be expensive |
cheap, has lost nearly all the qualities which are |
supposed to make the drink famous. 1 will ad-
mit that the Ingredients are still there. They
are not changed, but the care and time taken to
blend therm and mix them properly are not
found in one place ont of twenty. And it |
{a usnaily the old barkeeper who is alone |
willing to exercise them. The average “fly
barkeoper’’ in) New York dashes afew
lquide together in the most off-hand manner
and deposits the erude unblended result before
the customer with a gusto that shows how
ignorant he is of the bad quality of the goods
It is useless to try to persuade him that a good
cocktail presupposes something beyond celer-
ity and the needed components. The old bar-
keeper knows this, however, and {f he is wil-
ling to take the time, it is worth while putting
up with his eceentricities for the sake of getting
a good cocktail every once in a while.”’

 

One of the men singers in the opera company
departed last week for Germany, 6o quietly, in
fact, ‘hata muimber of persons interested in the
niatter were nnable to learn anv precise par-
ticnlars of thet meand place of his de; arture
He Jeaves belind him probably more interested
persons then som? other singers who madea
mere profound impress on onthe public. Ash»
jato return next vear, theanxietv tosee him will |
be gratified. Atthat tine he will probubly be
much more willing to deal with them, as his
visit to this country during the past season
was made under extremely disadvantageous
circumstances He left behird him sueh an
amount of debt that his creditors consented
toallow him to leave the country only on con-
dition that his salary be paid to them, so he
received for his work in New York a very small
atnount and was, therefore, more or less likely
toereate the obligations which interested ao
many persons in his departure But next year
he is ta receive his salary in full so his New
York cllents will be able to weleome him with
even greater enthusiasm when he comes back
than they wonld have extended on seeing him
at the dock last week

Spring weddings this year have shown one
atyle which seers as almost an indispensable
feature of the ceremony as the frock coat
Spring ushere and bridegrooms as well have

rarely appeared without white spats and
no wedding party is considered = smart
on its mole side without this adiunet, |
which undeniably adds distinetion to_ the

conventional dress of the men at the wedding
Thestyie, ike jost others, was adopted here
froman English model. The season of the year
ean be very little indicated by the dress of the |
ushers who wear their patent leathers, frock |
trousers, white waistcoat and

   

 

eoots, ray
gloves, as well as their buttonhole flower
with as much propriety in) Pebrouery as in
June, and it w not until white) spats
became ai otmost nvarable feature o1 the
sorpge ceremony thet sometoing dst net ve |
had teen ound by which the men ino the wee

dig party os well as the women could sndiente |
whit season ‘f the vear it Wos For thet
recson the white uppers heve been seen t. is
ye ratmestol the wecd nes

 

The first piece of lumber ever shipped to the
United States from Manila was reeeived the
other dev bya New York dealer, whoehristened
andzold it toa firm of piano
manufacturers. It was found to be a remarka-
bly fine snecimen of mahogany and wasused for |
a piano ease by the firm that has the reputation |
of doing the finest work in this particular. So |

soon ns it was heard by the dealers in musical !
instruments allover the country that there had |
been made a piano ense ont of wood from the |}
Phiuppines, there was an immediate demand

it “Luzon Wood”

 

for more of the same kind, as it wus thought |
that the adveriisng value of such moterial
would be werent It is not pro able, however, |

that mueh wood of this kind willbe osed here,
inspite oi the excellent quality of the specimen
already received, which eame by wavol Liver-
pool The enarg stoe shipping are too great
tomake sneh impertation profitable, and in |
spite of its excelleat quality, Luvon wood which
only meansinahowgany fron that island, ia not |
likely to even become very generally used |
}
|
|
'

BARNARD NEEDS DORMITORIES,

Committee of College Trustees Anpointed to
Urge the Dullding of Them,

of Barnard College held their
annual meeting at Broadway and
Hoth street, vesterday afternoon. The reports
received from the various officers and eommit-
tees indicated the most gratifying prosnerity |
The number of applicants for adn fasion
“athy outnumbers those of any previous vear
“ace ft he college dormitery, is) filled
te evecflawibg, and at the sugwestion of |
President Lowor Columbia University, aspecial |
commities Was appointed to encourage ihe
pounding of dormnitones inthe peiusnborhood of
the university. tranklin B Lord was elected a

trustees

The

  

the eolle

 

 

  

   

 

trustee and the following officers were chosen
forone vear: Chatrinan ran S Hewilt, viee-
airman, Mrs AJA And@erson: seeretary, Ed-
rd Wo Sheldon, treasurer, George A) Plinpe
ton, and for eddi ioval members of the brace |
tive Coromittee, Mes bred Mever, Mrs tenry
Vo osborn, Mrs. Heures M Sanders, Pres dent

 

Low ands & Brownell

Posts! Clerk Arrested for Theft,

WP Cullan Post Of-
fice, was arresiediast night by Inspectors Nash
and Jacobs, Hewas employedin the depart. |
ment bat bandles third matter For |
some time complsints have been re eived that
the contents of packages had Leen abstracted
Suspicion jedon Culum and jast night the ine |
speciors say they saw him opening a J ackage |
inthe corridor He wit be arraigned before
Commissioner Shields this morning, |

aclerk in the General

 

class

SATURDAY, MAY 12,

1900.

——— ——

Uneeda goodness
is reflected in

Uneeda
Graham

Wafer

The name Uneeda is a synonym for pure food good::food-and”
It's a-rule without. exceptions,
Uneeda Graham Wafer is sold wher-
ever they sell Uneeda Biscuit and
Uneeda ,Jinjer }Wayfer—that is,

pleasant food.

 

JUST CAME DOWN A-MAYING
ome? tae vanaee cs,

They Hadn't Had Any Fan at All When the
Gerry Society Got 'Emand Read Their
Indiscreet Private Correspondence —Back
They Goto Bridgeport and No Harm Done,

Mary Gladstone and FMe Goss, two Con-
necticut girls, who were hardly old enough to

wear long skirts but who were 60 much over- |

grown that they really had to wear them, came
to town from New London on
to see the sights. They wandered around
the streets for just one hour and three-
quarters before they were gathered
in by the protecting arm of the law
and put under the care of the Gerry society,
where one of them still remains) The other
was taken home by her father, who came from
New Londontogether At home she will have
a chance to explain just how and where she be-
came acquainted with the numerous commere
cial travellers and others whose cards and
letters were found in her possession.

The gir's came into town on the train that
entered the Grand Central Station at half past

éo'clock on Thursday afternoon Neither of
them had ever twen in New York before. They
turned from Forty-second street down Broad-
way, following the crowd and looking as bold

 

 

anc knowing as they could Both
girls knew fn Jot of men Who
wore clothes that were considered remark-

ably tasty in New London, and most of these
men had said that they came from New York
Mary and Efe were puzzled and concerned to
find that they cid not meet one ot these
yersons on Broadway when apparently all New
tork was on parade, It looked to them
though they would have to see New York alone
When they turned into Sixth avenue and got to
the part that is below Fourteenth street they
had Jess diMenity in making their way and they
ooxed about them a little
Detective \eller was hanging about the
corner of Fourteenth street and the simple
manners of the girls and their air of uncer.
tainty attracted his attention He followed
them They went intoa Chinese laundry, be-

as

| tween Twelfth and Eleventh streets, and the

detective saw them in hiiarious conversation
with the fat Chinaman who stood behind the
counter. The Chinaman salaamed and geinned
and came out from behind the connter and the
girls retreated to the street convulsed with
gigules F
“Tyold von that would be fur
EMe, as they ran into the dete
“Where is your Inundrs
tective ;
‘None of vour bus ness,
the utmost +e@f-possession
“EPthink,” said Weller, “you'd better come

with me

“said Mary to
ve

asked

  

 

the de-

‘answered Efe, with

“We don't want to, maybe,” said Fffle, eo-
quettishly is
" That doesn't make any difference,” snswer d
the detective dryly. “You've got tocome Tm

a deteciive.”
The girls spent the night at the rooms o
and yesterday morning tt

Gerry socetys

were taken Cowntown to the Centre street
court Agent King of the Gerry soc ery showed
Magistrate Fiainmer a nun ber of things that
the matron at the society's rooms had taken

from them, including pictures of baseball play.

ers and jetters  frot cormmercial travellers
F Me Goss s father said he wanted to take
girl home and would take the other ¢irl, too, il

she would go with him

“EMe, do vou wanttogo with y
asked the Magistrate. She brushed her tousled
hair away from infront of her brown es

said that she did. ‘Then she prot
she sobbed,

ir father?’

es and
why began t

‘and T guts

 

ery. “Lwant to go, a
Marv does, too Don't you, Mary

“Tm not wanted athome,' Mary said She
wae very decided abows it ,

“Nor wanted! exclaimed Mr. Goss Mory,
your father is almost crazy about vou | When

left him last night he was erving like a baby

 

   
 
 

The rir! boran toery She we ft back tothe
Magistrate ponitentiv and sad .
would realiv like to go home now
Goss" The Mewistrate looked at her sharply
and shook his head

“No, hesaid, ‘1 don't believe vou ke ow vour
ownmind, You change it tea often, Yor must
go withthe Gerry society man

Lhe girl screamed so that mersons out im toe
corridors were frehtened She fell r back-

ward ina dead faint and was earrid outot the

covnetroom Her parting with Pfie s
and was punetvated with rons
the Gosses would tell her tather
come for her

FIRE AT INDIANA UNIVERSITY.

 

 

  

Thursday |

 

 

 

Old College Hall Burned Viree Montas Ano
Write Hall Was Burned,

Broowsares. In Mav t Fer the secord
time with om three month ndisna vt ,
has bad a costly {tre fine of we da
ond ehapel on tt ergmal yversit
south of the ecitw. «¢ g! fire t neo ni
an defective fine and within tye ‘
ruins, ‘The cits. fire dercartinent was pew
Jess to ston the flares

rhe building: wos erected sot ont® —
of glow Hhighteen ver rae wing
the rear and lett wa urned in cn électe
efor Three months rao Wy bis on the
new campus burnec, entailing at e “
the
Fonrtcen New Species of Patagonian Birds

Discovered,

PrisceTos, Nod, May at Prof. WE Seott
of Princeton Unive yo who ent '
about two moots age tocompares y
jon birds posse sca Wri \ ‘
from the same ree the } )
witha vow towncine a tonovraph n,
Pas reiarned fer ors Ve
ered forpteen now eo ft Pot wen 3
hel » tho f ‘ we thy rand
Viren ¢ r

New East Side Vo MLC. A. Onilding

/. new building isto be erected for the Nest
Side Braneh of the Young Meus Christian i
sovjation in bigutyesinith street, toes? BLOOD
he canvas for tunds has been sol con tora |
little more than two tenths ang $61,000 has
peen subscribed. In the list of subser prio

are three of $10,000 eneh, \hree of 85,44, one ox
$3,000, nine of $1,000 and tive of $900,

ate

|

everywhere. Made by

 

 

SCAFFOLD PALLS AT NEW BRIDGE.

 

Three Men With It—One Killed, One Mortally
Hurt; Third Saves Himself.

One man lost his life, another was probably
mortally injured anda third had a marvellous
escape on the East River bridge yesterday,
Alexander Frickson of 91 Jackson street was the
man killed. Working with him were John
Flanagan of 71 Goerck street and James Vilord!
of 165 Elizabeth street

The three were employed at the anchorage
at Delancey and Toinpkins streets. The anchor-
age is almost completed. The masons were
putting on the last course of stone seventy feet
above ground. There isa scaffold around the

top of the well, which extends through its cen-
tretothe ground Inside there is a travelling
crane. When the course of stone was laid it
Was necessary to roise the crane, and this was

——_—— _—$

done by 4 2O0-pound hydraulic jack, manipu-
lated by the three men In some way the jack
while they were raising it. fell on the scaffol

instantdeath Flanagan landed on Erickson’s
body asecond jater and was picked up uncon-
scious. He was taken tothe Gouverneur Hos-
pital, where it wus found that his legs and arms
were broken Vilordi, when he teit himself
sliding, threw out his arms, grasped a project-
ing bolt and drew himself to the top safe

James T. O'Brien, the foreman in charge of
the work at the anchorage, was" arrested,
Magistrate Cornell in the Mssex Market police
eourt, discharged him after hearing an «ex-
planation of the accident from Vilordi  Ac-
cording to this witness there was a safety
scaffold just below that on which the men were
working, but it was not strong enough to with-
stand the weight of the falling jack

DEWEY VISITS THE HERMITAGE,

and carried it from under the men's feet

Lrickson fell into the piton his head, meeting
The Admiral and Wife Received at Andrew |
Jackson's Old Homestead, }
Nasavintr, Tenn, May 11—Admiral and |
Mrs Dewey the morning at the Her- |
mitage as the guests of the Ladies’ Hermitage |
Association The Exeeutive Board of the |

erganization received Admiral and = Mrs
Dewey and their escorts at the door of the
mansion, where President Andrew Jackson re- |
sided for many yeers and near which his tomb \
An informal reception was held. |
during which Mavor Head of Nashville in be:
|
'
|

spent

ia situated

 

half of the association presented Admiral
Dewey withacane,a homento from the grave of
Jackson Ttis of hie! vood and carved with
clover blossoms, commemorative of the Clover |

where many of Jackson's
victories were wor. From the house the party
went tothe tombofGen, Jackson. During the
luneh Mavor Ilead presented to Mrs. Dewey a
mateh sate made of hickory and a gold sou-
venir kson spoon

Atthe Souwhers’ fH

Kottom racetrack,

!
white
ome Mr. Head made a short
address, introducing Admiral Dewey The old
gave the Admiral a hickory cane,

coepted witha few wards of thanks
returned tothe city, On. arriv-
ine here the train was runout to Belle Meade,
the victors spent the afternoon. The
rincinalsoe alevents bi bonor of Admiraland
Mr Dewey were the public recention held by
them in th: parlors of the Maxwell Hon-e from
ro'cloek to-niwht and the banquet to the
ral at 1 i

soldiers
wich ie

Che party t

 

vhere

Adn

br o'eloey

I ANGED,

ASKED TO RE

Lawrence BE. Walsh of Chicago Sald He Wished
the Extreme Penalty of the Law,

  

 

  
   

Cmresco, Mavil Lawrence EB. Walsh made
A sensation this afternoon when he was ar-
raigned before Judge Barker for the murder of
Robert W. Gilchrist on Mare) 21

“TLanvauilts, “hesaid, “and want to be pun-
ished LT want the extreme sentence

Dovou know what vou ask?” said the Court,

“do, renied Waist I want to be hanged
and sineorely hope vou Wil sentence me to
‘ mr

itis the presunption of courtand jail oM-
ey do that the manistnear His ease was cone
tinued, notwithstanding: his recnest  Hequar
ve lied wi Gichrist one Sunday teerniag on
West Tw scond street ont firedsix shots

rst cied instantly

PLAGUP AT HONOLTELT OVER,

Hawatlan Repebliicans Organize Alleged Plan
to Marder a Chinese Reformer,

  

 

Hfonorvnir, Mav 4, vin San Franciaco, May
a Thorne i is one more on free port, as the
t ' fou April so Phe faet
nto Rocoili ds taken as
pre } satanend, as itis popu
5 ea the ar Is never return to
pinagie ir Tpliece .

jhe Republican party of Hawai was organ
lo MVeis Mtn naive ,ere) present

tie . t nt ‘ anized soon

 

  
 

 

SENT TO RANDALL'SISLAND; MOTHEB
AND GRANDMOTHER IN JAIL,

 

They Denied Themselves a Beer a Week an@
Gave the Price to Insurance With the Cer-
tainty of Getting 880 Back When the
Baby Died-The Company's View of It

¥ Agnes Henderson's eighteen-months’ old boy
baby, found starving at 40 Vandewater street
last Wednesday, was removed from Bellevue
Hospital to Randall's Island yesterday
Although the child is still suffering from gase
tritis, brought about by long fasts broken only
by a black crust anda sipofmilitfroma whiskey
bottle, the physicans at the hospital are confident
that he will live and keep his poor old mother
and grandmother from realizing the $80 for
which they had had his life insured. The
mother and Kate MeGregor, the grandmother,
who are now awaiting trialon the charge of
eruelty and neglect, were known in their neighe
borhood as hard drinkers who worked,
when necessary, as serh women. Between
them they managed to save five cents each week

to pay tothe collector of the industrial insure
ance company, ‘bhis weekiy sacrifice of the
price of one beer meantior them the realizing

of the price of 1,600 beers as soon us the long ome.

fasts, followed by choking crusts and bid milk,
should have done for the child

Agent King of the Gerry society, who rescued
the baby trom «tarvation and has charge of the
case against the mother and grandmother, said

yoterdny that the baby was insured in the
Metropoliian Life Insurance Company. None
of the officers of that company who could be

seen would discuss the case. A superintendent
of one ot the departments said of child insure
ancein general that there was a great deal of
it in all classes

"Do well-to-do families have their childrem
insured?” he was asked

“Well, no, replied the superintendent. "It
would hardly berighttosay that. Buta great
many poor pe gkoinforit

 

 

Frea O'Byrne, the boy who was being killed
by neglect and whos? stopmotier waa cone
victed of cruelty on Thurseay, was insured in
the Metropolitan company, aid th: woman now
awoiting sentence had it cone The coMpany
publ sors aver odieal called The Metropolitan,
aaver! sing i's business by moons oo statistics,

short stores showme hew onsuranee at the
raht time has saved bardshp, and an occae
sonel poem. flere is a verse from a recent
issue
“Give ke a Christian, speak in decds;
A noble life's the best of creeds
Ard he shal wear a royal crown
Who gives a lift when men are cd

In that class to which the Ilendersons + |
the O Byrnes belong the anesiety of parents an
guarcians to have children igsured seems to be
ininverse ratio to the chances idren have
for food treatment

Fred and Walter O'Byrne were eoinmitted to
the Catholic Protectory yesterday by Magige
trate Mott

wn

the «

MOVEWENT TO NOMINATE DEWEY,
It Is Said to Be Promoted by Gold Democrate

and Disgruntied Repablicans,
Mayvit The movement

uro by Gold

INDIANAPOLIS, IND,

 

 

which was started here e time

Demoerats and diss itisted Repubicans to cone
sult with similar elements in other States ree
garding the expediency of eating a National
Convention and nominating Admiral Dewey
for the Vresidency assuniog large
proportions, and the coring meeting of
Gold Democrats wil no doubt take formal
action. lt is stated that a oumber of promis
nent Republicans have surcnified their desire for
another eandidate and that they have said te
lesding Gold Democrats that, if concerted
action can be secured, the would gladly
aM iiinte with the new part It is also une
derstood that Gen Lew Wallace is in
favor of no third tiexet, one that would
nssert that he Constitution goes with
the fag and thot he ha ved that he would
not support Preadent Mebinles, nor would he
support Bryan thishosuiven rise to discuse
sion of Gen Wallace In ‘ tor se ond place,

he representing the Reput icons and Dewey the

Democrats
The matter has now progressed so far that

 

committees w oon be appooited to ecommunte
ente with Gold Detpoerats and «¢ tistied Hae
publicans in the astern States, and itis hoped
to secure the influence of } Sceans as
Senator tloar and ‘Thomas Bo Lee nd wer
Demoerat s Bourke Coekran, David B. i
and others
Gov, Tanner Not a Candidate,

Cnicase, May ut. Gov It Tanner ate
rived in Chveasre t ifterr ind declareg
hejsnotaen ' | do stutes Senator
or ior yo af ‘

 

 

;
E

  

 

arising irom Alcohoiie Beverages, Errors in Dict,
| Biliousness, ick Headache, Giddinees, Vomit. rtburn,

| Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst. sruptions,
| Boils. Meverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affect:ons, &F rscfull kinds,
TESTIMONIAL. T have been a nurse for ten sears, end laver cises
of scarlet fever, porn, ervsine'as, meneles, gangrene, canes Daf Levery
} mentionable dis: as During thie time T nave not been it tor ae das, and
this Tattribute to the use of Eno's* Fruit Salt.’ which bes hept my bicod ina
} pure state, IT recommend it to ai my patients duriug convalereens Its
I

yaluc as & means of healtn cannot be overestimated.’ -\ f'n TONAL

NURSE Qualified)

THE SF7ECT of FNO'S ‘FRUIT SALT’ ON A DISORDERED, SLEEPLESS, ano Fevcrisi! CONDITION
In is, IN FACT, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, ano ay UNSURPASSED OME,

1S SIMPLY MARVCLLOUS.

 

 

CAUTION, — See crpen le moricd ENO FRUIT SALT! WF ithoutiecn saree WOOTHLESS TALTAT ON,
Preparedionty bv TC. ENO tt, ‘FRUIT BALT WORKS. ‘, UNG, by J.C ENO S Patcnt,
Wholeale of Messer FE LORRA & CO, B84 & ® n Btreet New York

 

EVERY HOUSENOLD ano TRAVELLING TRUNK oucur To contain A BOTTLE oF

NO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Faunction:! Derangements of the Liver, Tempcrary Congestion

   

 

   

I

sande