a

ee ee

 

 

Townn's prophecy came true. The people
did hang on to the hands of the Republican
party in the crisis of 1896, although Mr.
Towne chose just that time to let go; and

 

 

 

 

SATURDAY, MAY 18, 1000,

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Pestpatd.
DAILY, per Month......

 

 

  
   
  
 

 

 

== | the people were led by the Republican party

back again to the heights of peace and along
the paths of prosperity, although by a route
very different from that which Mr, Towne,
in his shortsightedness, marked out four

DAILY, per Year rile 600 | Years ago, RPE hore

INDAY ’ cheese . 200 ’
See Lub SUNDAY, por Year... . 800 Strike When the Iron Is Hot!
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month... 7] An extraordinary situation exista in the

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tur SUN, New York City.

——

PARIs—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, an
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capuctues

ene

19 our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they

muast in all cases send stamps for that purpose

 

 

 

America.

The Hon. Henry Casot Lopax announced
in the Senate yesterday the Monroe Doctrine
as it has been enlarged, not by our ac-
quirement of territory in the Orient, but by

our national neoessities in America
While “with the existing colonies

have not interfered and shall not interfere,”
we aro, out of due consideration for our-
selves, opposed to the transfer of a colony
from a weak power to a strong one, and to
prevent it, if necessary, we will fight.

To illustrate: the transfer of the Danish
West Indies to any considerable power in
Europe would be, indiplomatic phraseology,
inconsistent with our interests

Senator LopGe pointed out the way to
guard against danger of the nature he de-
ascribed. Every boy inthe country is familiar
with it, It istostrengthen the United States
Navy.

In the way of effort toward that end the
Naval bill as it stands is feeble compared to
what it should be. ‘The three battleships
provided for should be made ten.

The Radical Split.

The nomination of WHARTON BARKER for
President by the Middle-of-the-Road Popu-
lists at Cincinnati, and the nomination of
Evcene Des for the same office by the
Socialist Convention in Indianapolis, make
an interesting contrast with 1806.

In the Presidential campaign of that year
all the incendiary elements of politics were
joined together in support of Bryan, There
was no other nominee in the fleld represent-
ing radical change or disorder, and nec-
essarily BryaN came to represent most
ominously the spirit of discontent, aggra-
vated at that time by financial conditions
abnormally favorable to demagogues and
agitators, Apart, of course, from McK1n-
LEY, who represented the political sanity of

 

or
dependencies of any European Power we

House Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries with respect to the Ship Subsidy

g | bill.

This committee consists of ten Republi-
cans and seven Democrats, Mr. GROSVENOR
of Ohio being the chairman, The bill was
reported favorably weeks ago with the
unanimous assent of the ten Republicans.

Mr. FiTzGeRALD of Massachusetts, the
leading member on the Democratic side of
the committee, had been supposed to favor
the principle of subsidies, but recently he
has taken the ground that what is needed
is free ships.

So thoroughly has the free-ship idea been
exploded by the investigations which have
resulted in the bill as reported, that Mr,
FITZGERALD'S position seemed to be de-
termined by political considerations rather
than by solicitude for the interests of
American shipping.

Tho minority on the committee originally
proposed to file their report on April 21.
They were unable to agree, and Mr. F1TZ-
GERALD asked for an extension of time un-
til April 28. Then he applied for another
week, and gotit. A third time he was
obliged to ask for delay, securing an exten-
sion until yesterday, May 11.

The cause of these successive postpone-
ments is now apparent, Not even a major-
ity of the minority are willing to go upon
record with Mr. FitzgknaLp against the
principle of subsidies as embodied in the
Grosvenor or Frye bill. The seven Demo-
crats on the committee are thus divided:

For the general principle of the Subsidy
bill, and willing to accept it with two or
three comparatively unimportant amend-
ments:

WILLIAM ASTOR CHANLER, of New York,

JOUN Ro SMALL, of North Carolina.

Josrru EB. RANSDELL, of Louisiana

Non-committal, signing neither report,
but believed to lean toward subsidies:

WILLIAM D. DALY, of New Jersey.

Signing the adverse report:

JOHN F. PrrT7GERALD, of Massachusetts.

MARION DE VRIES, of California.

THOMAS SPIGHT, of Mississippt.

This remarkable division of Democratic
opinion in’ the committee undoubtedly
represents @ similar division in the House
at large. It is a tribute to the non-partisan
and patriotic American character of the

the country in agreat crisis, the other can- | meagure, and it indicates a strong proba-

didatesa, Gen, Parmer and Mr. LEvERING,
were men of conservative character and
pacifle purpose,

In this year’s canvass, as its outlines are

bility that the bill can be passed at the
present session, to the everlasting benefit of
American commerce on the ocean, if it is
boldly and honestly pressed at this time

now disclosed one month in advance of the | both in the House and in the Senate.

Republican and two months in advance of
the Democratic National Convention, the
forces of reaction have divided, some Bry-
anites of four years ago being for Dens
and some for Barker, while the elements
of conservatism and achievement will be
ronsolidated upon one candidate, to the
great and lasting benefit of the people of
the country.

Mr. Towne of Minnesota.

The man whom the Bryanite Populists
have nominated for Vice-President is not
very well known to the country, The Hon,

The Proposition to Repeal the Fif-
teenth Amendment.

Mr. BouRKE CocKRAN of New York is a
man of brilliant abilities, among which,
however, is not included the solid gift of
sagacity, as was demonstrated very clearly
in his advocacy at the Montgomery Con-
ference, on Thursday, of the repeal of the
XVth Amendment of the Constitution, which
48 this:

‘1. The right of the citizens of the United States to

vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any State on account of race, color, or

CHARLES A. TowNe of Duluth served only a | previous condition of servitude

single term in Congress. He was elected
in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth House as a Ke-
publican, by about 10,000 plurality, Two
years later, having renounced Republican-
fym on account of his positive views on
silver, he ran for reelection asa Democrat
and Populist, and was defeated by about
800 votes. He tried it again in 1898, and was
again defeated.

Mr. Towne spoke rarely while a member
of the House. His only important speeches

were on the financial question. They were | cal

marked by conscientious industry in prepa-
ration, general good sense and sobriety of
expression, and an earnest sincerity that
left no room for question. He was a re-
spectable figure. He sacrifleed his future
asa Republican leader because he believed
that the Republican party was going wrong
onthe financial issue. Hig position in the
House in 1808 was analogous to that of
Senator Trine of Colorado at the other
end of the Capito!

The most elaborate oratorical effort of
this gentleman was a speech delivered in
February of {896 on the theme that the
restoration of silver was the duty of the
Republican party It was a painstaking
attempt to show that the low prices, the
business depression, the falling markets, all
the distresaes and diseomforts of that

period, were due solely to the fact that wold |
god

and not silver was the standard of value
Mr. Towne siimmod
a phrase which anticipated hy
months BRYAN’S “ eross of golds’

several

“The burden of the gold standard on the world
could be measured only in blood and sweatand tears."

In the coming eampaign Mr. Towne will
have to square his old arguments with the
obvious circumstance that high prices and
rising markets and general prosperity and
content are not impossible under the burden
of the gold standard, but in this respect
he is no worse off than Bryan and many
other silverites

We wish we could say as much for Mr,
TowNE’'S intellectual acuteness as we are
able to say for his earnestness and sin-
cerity. Perhaps the best measure of his
mental dimensions is found in his public
tribute, in that same speech, to the pre-
eminent intellectualily of the Hon Wuarton

BARKER, now the Presidential candidate
of another faction of the Populists, ‘Mr
Waakton Barker,” said Mr. Towne, "I
regard as without exception the ablest

writer on economics in the periodical liter-
ature of the United States,”

We quote more from the Hon
CHARLES A.Towne's remarks on Republican
duty in the national crisis of 1896

TL warn gentiemen on this floor—not as a Prophet
butas one who Nas always lived near the people
aud by the grace of GOD means to continue near the
people—our duty must not be neglected. I tell you I
koow what the people are thinking, and whatthey are
feeling in this year of grace 1896. They know that
the constricting gold standard ts existing by the per
mission and growing at the cost of the manhood and
the enterprise of the universe, and that the time will
come when a stop must be put tolt

“Mr. HARDY —-Will you state what you want the
Republican party to do”

“Mr, TOWNE. ~ Mr. Chalrman,itis to the great Re
publican party at such acrisis that the people turn
with Bopefuiness, even as in times past when the
hour was heavy and way dark they groped
anxiously that they might find and clasp with their
bands the hands of the Republican party, and thus
be led again to the heights of peace and alone the
paths of prosperity

It will be observed that part of Mr,

once

ip his indictment in |

"2, The Congress shal! bave power to enforce the
provisions of this article by appropriate legisia-
tion."’

Between 1850 and 1860 there arose an
American party, or the Know-Nothing party
as it was called, because its nucleus was a
secret organization which refused to reveal
its objects, and for a time it seemed likely
to carry everything before it. Ite eardinal

principle was that ‘Americans must rule |
mythi- |

(America and its motto was a
order by WaAstWinaton
Revolution: “Put none but

during the

Alvericans on

guard to-night'’ ‘The yvreat increase in
immigration af the time and during a

few years previous to the organization of
the party, because of the famine in Treland
and revolutionary movements on the Euro-
} pean Continent, was the immediate {neen-
tive to the feeling which gaveit a tempo-
jrary impetus. Its seeret Grand Council at
| Philadelphia in 1855 demanded that ‘ nativee
horn ciuizens should be selected for all State,
| Federal and municipal offices,’ and that the
{| Naturalization laws should be changed to
} make a continued residence of twe niy-one
) Vears necessary to citizenship
1 to the Roman Catholic
} distinetive feature of

Opposition
Church was also a
But
} in i880 the Know-Nothing party disappeared
from polities, justifying HORACE GREELEY'S
diagnosis, in the days when it seemed likely
ha i
bout as many of the elements of persist-

the movement

| to sweep everytuing before it, that it

renee as anti-cholera or
party would have
If the Know-Nothing party had succeeded
| in its purpose of restricting the suffrage
jand shutting out foreign-born from
| office, Mr. BovrkKF COCKRAN, who came to
this country from Treland in 1871, would be
| now only in the beginning of his career in
American politics, Moreover, the argre
ments against allowing him to vote were
not radically different from those he and
his sympathizers are now firing against the
XVth Amendment,
such as he are not sufficiently instructed in
American politics and imbued with Ameri-

an anli-potuto-rot

can sentiment to be trusted to vote, and, |
being of an alien religious |
“Put |
“*Ameri- |

besides, that
faith they are dangerous characters.
| none but Americans on guard!”
} cans must rule America!”
Later, a commission gravely recommended

 

 

required; and there is always a consider-
able number of people in this city, more
particularly, in favor of restricting the
suffrage to themselves and such as they,
That is really the underlying principle of
Mugwumpery, so far as it has any principle
atall, It isdistrust of universal suffrage,
or the fitness of the people for self-govern-
ment. Accordingly, the Mugwumps, deem-
ing themselves the "' better element,’ want
the ‘rule’ to be turned over to them as
Divinely illuminated and commissioned for
the function. The people, however, have
had, and they still have, no such distrust of
themselves, Instead of submitting to
further restrictions they have gradually
wiped away the last remaining vestiges of
the distrust of universal suffrage which
came down from a past period,

Mr. CockraNn and his sympathizers at
Montgomery who ery out for the repeal of
the XVth Amendment will find that the
American people are now of a like deter-
mination to preserve popular suffrage from

It was contended that |

that in municipal elections in New York a |
property qualification for voters should be |

  

hasay

nT

every form of attack, The people know that

| if one body of the electorate, the negroes, |

| are disfranchised for the simple reason of
| their race, the way will be opened for fur-
ther discriminations and restrictions, on

| race, property or other grounds, and that the |

| principle of popular sovereignty in America
will be destroyed.

Moreover, as we have before observed, the
strongest opposition to the impossible
scheme of Mr. CockRan will come from the
South itself, The repeal of the XVth Amend-
ment and the consequent elimination of
two-fifths of the Southern electorate would

reduce Southern political power so far as to |

relegate that part of the Union permanently
to hopeless political inferiority; for, of
course, the withdrawal of that great pro-
portionate vote would assuredly be accom-
panied by a corresponding reduction of
representative power and influence, As
Governor McCorkKLE of West Virginia said
at Montgomery, the Southern States will
yet be jealous to retain and exhibit the
strength they get from all their population,
whiteand negro, and their present t

of negro disfranchisement will be wiped
away.

The Boers in the Republican National
Convention,

    

neasures |

" aan wee sia ele
~ O paet ‘ er a
SAPURDAR Gnd ¥ ad

 

 

ii, mL
en _ ee = enepeneeeana =
of eadets from the three Judlolal diag _ IN SOUTH AFRICA.
whioh the Indian Territory * © _— om
| nefentral dis- | Lord Roberts telegraphing on Thureday
appointment of the cadets wen Ger ef the | Blotepeuit, tess ue phe OFand River, elves

trict is to be made by the
Choctaw tribe, that in the southetn district by

| the Governor of the Chickasaw tribe; and that
in the northern district by the Governor or
| principal chief of the Cherokee and Creek
mit thle bill becomes 4 law we may yet see our
Army commanded by Gen, Dip T-KNOW-l1-
Was-Loapep, who entered West Point from
the Chickasaw Nation; and Admiral Winp-
| From-Tag-NorTH may yet lead the American
| fleet in the naval battle of the century

 

 

Mr. UNTBRAYER sald, “T'll eall you,” laying down
| pisroyal Mush, and Judge HOWARD dropped fouraces
and 4 pine Spot and acknowledged that he was
| peaten.- Lhe Times's account of the Democratte Clud
| poker game

In the name of HoYLe, how many aces are
there in the kind of deck with which our preten-

Uiously respectable contemporary plays poker?

 

 

 

in polides that might sound sonorous if one
heard them without recolleciing the past:

“Is there to be complete dependence on the wisdom,
conseleuce, industry and enthusiasm of the brilliant
| leader of 18967
“Is the Democratic platform of four years ago,
with all the recollections of factional and party bit

 

to be no subtraction, no modification, no eayement
to sult changed conditions?
“Or shall the @reat bulk of the Democratle party

Ata meeting of a number of citizens on | surrender to the malcontents who followed the ab

Thursday to prepare for the reception of
the envoys of the Boers expected to arrive
here next week, Mr. Epwakp LAUTERBACH
said that he would try to have inserted in
the next Republican national platform a
plank of sympathy for the Boers, Hesaid
that he had information that, unless this
should be done, the Republicans would be
unable to carry Michigan.

American sympathy for the Boers does
not spring from political uncertainty in
Michigan. ‘The Boers have it for the reason
that our traditional and unchangeable feel-
ing is in favor of any independent republic
whose independence a foreign and non-
republican enemy threatens to destroy,

This is not Anglophobia, or anti-England-
ism, but mere Americanism.

A Boer plank of sympathy in the Repub-
lican platform would not, remember, be in-
tervention, against which all officially re-
sponsible for the international relations of
the United States are bound resolutely to
set their faces.

 

Mr. Sheldon on Newspapers,

The Rev. CHARLES M. SHELDON, lately
the amateur editor of the Topeka Capital,
contributes to the Outlook a plaint about
“The Daily Papers and the Truth.” He
begins by saying that “a prominent Kansas
politician, a man of great integrity, re-
spected by men of all parties,” picked up
a daily paper the other day and said to
him: “ Here is the daily lie about me.” The
prominent politician complained that he
was constantly misrepresented and lied
about in the press. He said that he was
misquoted if he gave interviews. If he
refused to give them, imaginative reporters
would make them in quantities to suit.

We are sorry if any Kansas or Missouri
papers treat prominent politicians or any-
body else in this way. There are parts
of the country where politics generates
a strange amount of virulence and where

| ies about your opponent are eagerly
snapped up. There are few papers in
the country, however, that consciously
print lies or invent news. Those that
habitually do are without influence
injure and are despised by decent men and
women. In the matter of interviews the
only safe rule is to submit to the interviewed
the remarks which he has made, This is
not always feasible but it is always desir-
able. Speaking of falsehoods, it should
be said for Mr. SHELDON's information
that nothing is more common in the ex-
perience of reporters and newspapers
than to have prominent politicians and
other notabilities deny, with a great show
| of earnestness and indignation, genuine
interviews in which they have been made
to say what they did say and no more. So
sad!y is the world given to inaccuracy
But Mr. SHELDON has a personal griev-
ance. He speaks from a heart that has
, been wounded by untruthful papers. He
complains that in the last three years “a
large number of
papers have falsehoods about
my {his} books, my daily habits, my family
life, my chureh and my parish in general ®

printed

He haa never been interviewed but once, |

yet scores of pretended interviews with
Yim have been printed
daily has published letters bearing his sig-
nature but never written by him. Even
“a prominent religious paper” has had
fletitions interviews with him and given
accounts of him that were
of the serious character.” Various
well-known journals had histories of events
supposed to take place in the Topeka
Capital office while he was playing editor
histories “Alled with and
exaggerations and downright falsehoods,”
In Mr. SHELDON
about abominably and
hot thereat, “Is it not fair to ask,” he
writes, “hy what legal or moral right the
press of this country assumes the monstrous
power to say to a man that he must talk
or give out matter for publication, or in
nny ease, whether he does or not, expect
to be misrepresented and lied

most

misstatements

short, has been

he is

about?”

The press assumes no such right and com. |

' mits no such wrong. A small and shame-
| less part of it doesn’t scruple to forge where
the bludgeon has not been effective. We
regret to say that it is exactly in such a
part of the press that we most often flud
the name of the Rev. Mr. SHELDON as a
contributor. Doubtless the of his
name by those of unveracity. is
unauthorized

“Isit nottime,” asks Mr Sinerpon, “
the people of this country began to demand
of the daily press that it tell the truth first
of all?" The object of the renutabie daily
press is to fell the truth first, Just and all
the time It fairly well,
| sidering the opportunities of error and the
limited time there is for corrections and
closeinquiries, It does not eavesdrop at the
transom or look under the table. It doesn't
thrust it&elf into private affairs of no legit-
imate publie concern. It does not know-
ingly print false news. Such, we believe,
is the character of the great majority of
American newspapers

Wyse

masters

that

siicceeds cOn-

We note with pleasure the approval of the
joint resolution “recognizing the gallantry
of Frank H NEWcoMB of the revenue cutter
Hudson for his bravery at the Battle of Car-
denas, two years and one day ago, and retiring
Capt. Hopaspon of the MeCulloch on ful pay
because of his services at Manila. To Lieut
NEweoms and his men, medais of honor are
bestowed: a gold medal to Mr Neweomn, silver
medals to his offvers, and bronze to his crew

| Two interesting bills have been introduced in
the House by Representative Dr GRAPFENREID
of Texas, and have been referred to the appro-
Priate committees, providing respectively for
the appointment to West Point and Annapolis

to |

prominent daily news- |

\ large New York |

“falsehoods |

lied |
naturally |

surd and pitlable PALMER and BUCKNER and voted
outright for MCKINLEY and HOBART?

On the issue of finance ts the National Convention
to adapt it-elf to the new era In the production of
precious metals, or {9 it to Insist on the agitation of
“16 tol’ whether it 1s opportune this year or not?

“If the Democratic party makes itself the recep-
tacle for all the ‘isms’ and ‘reforms’ that are cur-
rentina Presidential campaign, what hope can it
have for the Support of any man who has 4 dollar be-
tweeu bimself and starvation?

“If both conventions choose the same candidates
for President and Vice-President which 1s to be
looked upon as the principal and which the indorser?
Was the Sioux Falls Convention ordered to assemble
first to Set the pace for the great Democratic party?”

It happens, though, that this high air of
superiority to Bryan and his isms appears ina
newspaper which isthe personal property and
advocate of Mr. JouN Ro MCLEAN, the candi-
date for Governor of Ohio ona straight-out
Bryan platform six months ago,

Tt is not likely to delude the genuine friends
of honest money or to bamboozle BRYAN,

Can it be partof the Dewey movement?

Bryan is a Populist, Towne is: a Silver Re-
publican. What do the Democrats get, if any

there are?
a

For the Boers.

To tne Eprron or THE SuN In ex-
pressing sympathy for the Boers some time
ago, President Harrison said in no uncertain
terms that we owed no gratitude to Great
Britain for her attitude of friendliness toward
us in our late war with Spain. There is every
indication at present that he voiced the opinion
of nine-tenths of the American people, as we

} cannot be blind to the facet that England's
sytupathy, which has been much exaggerated
by Anglomaniacs here, was prompted, the
same as it always has been, by purely selfish
cousiderauions

let no maudlin sentimentality stand in the
way of our present duty to the oppressed. Our
flag shielded the downtrodden Cubans, and
if it is not broad enough to cover the more
worthy Boers, it should be made so, 1 don't
meuu by that to advocate armed iuterventon,
Without the loss of one man or one dollar the
threatened annihilation of the Boer race could
be averted if our Government would take the
initiative aud invite the European Powers

| to concerted dy lomatic action against further

| bloodshed, with provisions for the just. set-
| tement of the question by unbiassed arbiters

Such action would be acclaimed from one end

ot the world to the other, and if England feels
certain of the justice of her cause her papers
have howled themselves hoarse in affirming
it--she ought not to be averse to such action,
as it would put an end to further heavy ex-
pense in blood and money and subdue the
great and ever-increasing wave of Anglo-
phobia bow sweeping through the world, The
same spirit of pusregee Jusuce which removed
the shackles from Dreyfus should rise in its

might to the present need and save from a

| worse fate that litte handful of glorious farm-

j ers, whose heroism has had no parallel in

modern history, and whose remarkable quali-
ties ot heart and head entitle them to the rights
they are so valiantly fighting to preserve,

They can never be conquered, but they may he

wiped out, and there will be for a time “the
sile death,” to which Olive Schreiner
refers, but no lasting peace) Can humanity
stand by and witness so painful a spectacle

} when it might be so easily averted?

ReovLaAR READER OF THE SUN,

New York, May 10,

Sir:

 

 

 

 

The Decoration Day Parade.

To THE Epitor oF THE SUN Sir’ Major-Gen,
| Roe, cornmanding the National Guard of this
| State, has ordered out the First and Fifth brig-
ades of this city as escort to the Grand Army of
the Republic on Decoration Day With little
| berception but much kindness of heart, he di-
| rects that the men parade in fatigue uniform,

| without gloves; the officers are to wear gloves,

Now a parade is to give pleasure technical
pleasure, perhaps--to some one, and it is eusto-
mary when you escort a person to array your-

selfin your good elotiies. So, from the part of
j the G. A R, the appearance of the brigade in
he less than conventionality requires; and from
the partof the spectators it will not be pleas-
ing, for they want tu see the regiments in their
show clothes
men who narade: Dress uniforms
have been issued tothem by theState, or they
| have bought theirown, in either case, they
| want toshow themselves in their good clothes
, They do not mind the trouble of pucting their
! dress uniforms on; they may object to the pa-
| rade, but if they've got to parade, they want
| to do so in their dress uniforms

  
 

Cien Roa's order, however well-intentioned it
} may be isunmilitary and impolite tothe Grand
| Army of the Republic DovaHBoy

May 10

. .
Cost of Living in New York,

| To THE Eprror or ‘THe Sus The re

| cently widely discussed problem which has appeared

in THe SUN, as to the “costof living in New York,"

Sir:

appears to have reached @ period when some very |

ulous assertions are being made

| ‘Lake. fortinstanee, the assertion of one writer that
“a floor’ ean be procured for the sum of $11 4 month

| [tis impossible for any one toimagine as to where “a

floor’ indeed, not an apartment, but ‘a floor’ could
be rented for such a low figure in a desirable loca

| tion

Why, there are families living away uptown, where
rents are supposed to be unusually low, who are

ride

} th

The Cincinnati Enquirer asks some questions |

to the southeast of Thaba N’Chu covering the
terness, to be the faith of the present year? Is there |

| Basuto border

| said to be about 10,000 strong and extends over

4neral outline of the operations connect

With the crossing. At the time his despatoh was

sent the cavalry and mounted infantry were at

Ventersburg Road Station on the railway,

Another similar force was making across
| country for the town of Ventersburg east
| of the railway, and a division of infantry
| Was ut Deelfontein « short distance to the
south of it. With Lord Roberts there were
4 division of infantry, a brigade of cavalry
and mounted infantry, and a battery of
artillery, Other brigades with artillery were
4&l unnamed — points With the excep-
tion of w stubborn resistance made to the
mounted infantry advancing on Ventersbure,
the Bors do not seem to have contested the
| British advance seriously at any point, At the
sume time their retreat so far has been made
skilfully and without confusion, The British
casualties reported have been insignificant,
though Lord Roberts anticipated some loss in
the fighting toward Ventersburé

‘The position, as reported, to the eastward of
Thaba N’Chu isa curious one. Evidently with
the intention of barring an advance from
Bloemfontein to Ladybrand and Ficksburg, the
Boers have taken up a line from the northeast

roads leading to the northeast along the
The decision to hold this line
was taken, so {t is said, after consultation
among the Boer leaders, The force is

soine twelve miles of a strong position That 80
small a force should be left in such a situation,

 

| islands with reference to the number ot troops

faticnue uniform will not be pleasing, asit will |

paying from $)4 to $20 4 month for an apartment of |

four ty six rooms
| Anot co respondent asserts that two ean Ive tn
New ¥ atthe present day on $30 a month. This,
of course, is beyond beilef for two persons to live on
| such asmall figure, when rentsare increasing and the

 

   

    

 

necessities of life are exe edingly bleh

Another quotes the "Government experts tn statis-

thes In saying “thet a man ern tive comfortably on
Is cents adns Phis may have been so many years |

| ago. : theideaofaman “lIlving (comfortably) on
Accents aday,' especially t adays, is absolutely
rid and beyond any question whatever of
uld probably exist ina very meagrely way,

   

comfortably’ ts entirely beyond recog

nithon
New York Is wradually

 

‘oming avery expensive
est Wage thatainan can
iwifeand home to pro-

lve in and the te
tive upon has

city t

 

expect t
| vide for
Ife. is fr
NEW

me
and not be grudge himself ofth: neeesaittes of

m$lilto$lsa week. f

A. CUTHBERT
YORK May ; .

| Why We Doesn't or Does Give Up His Seat,

TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN-Sir: Your cor
respondent who signs himself “Anthropos” finds fault |
with New York men because he says they do not give

ip thelr seats in streetears towomen. Now tt seemsto
| me thate greatmany mendo give up their seats to

women and are very seldom thanked by those same
} women for doing so

seats Dave gotthred, 1
ymy

 

suppose, asf have
eatoftener than tdo now

sed to give

 
    

Butl

   

  

! in imy seat to the following persons;
ry red wolian with bundle.
2. A nN with @ baby
aA
; . tired looking @irl, or woman
fH A b¢
hut ) well-fed, well-dressed woman
makes horappearance Lpermtt herto stand. If she
dors pet tike to stand let her take the next ear or find
| sor rmeansof conveyanee. Cc. 8B. EB
ORANGE, N, J, May 10

Gastronomic Soctal Line,
hrom the London Globe
A lady from Queensland Interviewed a house agent
With reWard to the purchase of a house in Kensington
; “Is itadestrable neighborhood?” she asked
tainly, madam." repiled the bouse agent, * they are,
wituout exception, soup and fish families.”

|} This rot of Bryan's on Imperialism is fully un-

almost in the air, argues singular confidence in
the leaders, and may be taken as giving some
indication of the resistance that is expected to
be given to the main body of the British army
under Lord Roberts. A serious check, say at
Kroonstad, would cause a call for reénforce-
ments, which would give the Boers who have
returned south a chane+ to repeat thelr recent
descent on Wepener and the adjacent country.

From the way in which Lord Roberts epeaks
of the difficulties at the drifts and the quanti-
ties of baggage still coming up, it is quite clear
that those who speak of a rush on Pretoria have
very little conception of what moving so largea
force means in such @ country. In reality an
army cannot in the end move faster than its
slowest part, and as that is always the indis-
pensable one of supply, the fighting force is re-
stricted in practice to its rate of progress In
the present circumstances Lord Roberts cannot
afford to repeat the reckless sacrifice of his
cavalry and transport anima!s he made in the
rush between Puardeberg and Bloemfontein
and overstrain his men, for to do so would be to
hand vietory over to the Boers. He is there-
fore bound to husband his resources of whith
he will have full need, if, as seems to be now
anticipated, the passage of the Vaal when
reached is going to be contested stubbornly.

The reported arrival at Vryburg of a column
2,000 strong on the march to Mafeking solves
the mysterious rumors that bave been afloat on
the subject As the news comes from Pretoria,
it ispresumably correct, The stiff skirmishing,
reported going onin Natal on Thursday near
Pomeroy at the southeastern extremity of the
Biggarsberg, is probably the result of British
patrols feeling the Boer positions

TROOPS AT MANILA TO BE RELIEVED

Battalions Will Be Invalided Home and
Others Sent to Fill Their Places.

WASHINGTON, May 11.-- The War Department
is preparing to make a change among the
troops now in the Philippines. Several battal-
jons are to be brought back to the United
States, but there will be no reduction inthe
military foree of the islands, as the troops re-
turning will be replaced by others from this
country, Some of ube regitnents have been in
active service in the Philippines since the war
with Spain, and because of their long service it
is considered just that they should be relieved
and allowed to return. The first step in this di-
rection Was (taken about two months ago when

a battalion of the Fourteenth Infantry was in-
valided home from the Philippines and the sick
and wornout soldiers transferred to posts in
the West

Recentiy the Secretary of War cabled Gen
MacArthur regarding the situation in the

under his command and the necessity for send-
ing additional troops Gen MacArthur was
also asked about the advisability of a reduction
in the military force Hisreply, which was re-
ceived at the War Department to-day, ts
against any further reduction of the military
force at this time, although he agrees with the
intention of the War Department to replace the
invalided regiments with fresh troops from the
United States This will not be done immedi-
ately, however, as the work of colleeting the
invalided soldiers cannot be done immediately.

The plans of the War Department officials
contemplate the formation of invalid battalions
among each of the regiments that have been
in the Philippines service nearly two years
The men of the invalid battalions will consist
of soldiers who are not in condition for active
service, but not subjects for the hospitals; and
men Who have less than six months to serve
before their enlistment expires” The change
willbe made gradually, and Gen. MacArthur
will be asked to designate the regiments from
which invalid battalions are to be sent

The organizations to be affected by this order
are those that belonged to the first expeditions
to the Philippines parts of the Fourteenth,
Fighteenth and Twenty-third Infantry, the
Third and Sixth Artillery and the Fourth Cav-
airy It is thought that the bringing home of
these troops will begin before the middie of
July, so that the men toreturn will really have
served afull two years in the tropics without
relief

Secretary Root has received from Gen
MacArthur no information in regard to the re-
ported conspiracy among thenatives of Manila

PRESIDENT INVITED TO ROCHESTER
Asked to Attend the Banqnet and Reception
to Be Given to Gen, Otls,

WASHINGTON, May 11.—The President was |
invited to-day by a number of prominent citi- |
zens of Rochester, N. Y., to attend the reception
and banquet to be given to Gen. Otis on June
15, on his return from the Philippines. The
President spoke of Gen. Otis in terms of highest
praise and siod he would esteem ita privilege in
doin tim honor He questioned, however, the

ropriety of being present, aa’ no one, in his
| Judgment, should be present who, by reason of
superior rank, would share the honors intended
| for and deserved by Gen. Otis, He promised
that the Regular army shall be represented,
however, by such troops as are available

 

a eatineniennianesiaaennt ana nina:

His Unanswerable Prayer,

From the Detroit Journal

The Layman--Candidly, do you expect your
praver in behalf of the Boers to be answered’

The Pastor 1 flatter myself it is unanswera-
ble, sir, Three or four cranks have tried to
answer it through the press, but it sees to me
they have failed egregiously

Understood in Missouri.

fo tHe Epitork or THR St~w Sir: The de-
struction of the Spanish fleet in Manila Bay was
ablowtoour enemy The abandoning of the
i | would have

ids Philippines been as
ipid a thing to do asany nation ever eould do

 

derstood by all honest thinking me
JoPLIN, Mo, Mav 5 =e

aP.d

Gathering a “Drunk” Vocabolary,
To THK Epiror rHe SUN -Sir' Ina
German book, by Lichtenberg. L read jast nighta iist
| of 160 German words and phrases synonymous with

or

 

Those who do not give up their |
myself [|

"Cer. }

the word “drunk.” By ransacking the German sin. |

dents’ slang and the German dleleets this number
can easily be increased to about 360 expressive words
| and picturesque phrases signifying the happy state of
| belng “half seas over,"

Is the English language as copious as the German
| In this respect?” Lasked a native American this ques
Vion and bis answer wasa positive “Yes He en
| umerated in afew minutes more than forty expres
sions equivalent tothe sentence, ‘ie is drunk,’ and
| asserted that more than 300 mighteastly be e¢ lected

in the [nglish-speaking countries. I wrote the words

and phrases down, as gtven by my friend, in the hope

that THE SUN might print them, and, with the help

of {ts readers, publish at least 100 choice expressions |

as A Valuable contribution to the science of methynol
| ogy of the noble art of drinking

He ts drunk, Intosteated, inebriated, tipsy, full

loaded, jagged. tight, topheavy, half shot, half gone.
| overcome, overtaken, corned, elevated, happy, beery.
| boory, €roeey, fowwy. Mary, dizey. dopey, paralyzed,
| Iie ts half-seas over, three sheets in the wind, on

the bay, off his troliey, off bis nut, underthe influ
| ence of the weather, dead to the worid, weak on hi¢
pins, all mops and brooms, and about to castup bis
accounts |. ¢, to vomit

He has o jag on, a load on, & skate on, a bur on:

he basthe sun in his eye, he can't see a hole jn -
der, and can’t lle down without holding on, ale {

GERMAN-AMBRIOCAN, ; |

| brag

JUSTICE TO THE NEGROES

Demanded ia the Interests of the South and
of the Whole Union.

To Taw Epiton or Tus SuN--Sir:
respondent at Ann Arbor, under date of April
20, speaks of Senator Tiliman of South Carolina
and of his lecture there under the auspices of
the Good Government League, his subject
being “The Kace Question.” I quote &§
follows:

The incident of the evening was bis diatribe against
the negroes. The audtenos was composed of students.
Directly tn front and alone sata colored student, and
the Senator looked at‘bim Jn making his remarks.

“You scratch ove of these colored graduates under
the skin,” he said, ‘‘and you will find the savage.
His education ts like @ coat of paint, like his skin.’”

‘There were hisses from several parts of the house.
Senator Tillman smiled and retorted:

“You must excuse me for my frankness, There 1s
nothing of hatred tn my nature for the negroes.
When that man who hissed gets ready to give his

 

Your cor- |

'

daughter in marriage toa negro and proves by his |

actions, and not by his hisses, that he means busi-
ness, I will apologize and not before."

The applause which greeted this retort was tre-
mendous, and there was no more hissing during the
evening.

One is filled with surprise that people of cul-
ture should have remained throughout the en-
tire lecture to listen to such ridiculous balder-
dash. That the Good Government League
should not, then and there, have apologized
to its audience for introducing a speaker capa-
ble of using such language is to be regretted.
That the colored student referred to did not,
then and there, indignantly resent the
speaker's gratuitous personal insult to him is
only proof of the colored student's superior
education, attainments and behavior, That
Senator Tillman should not have observed the
proprieties of the occasion, in view of the edu-
cational opportunities offered since his advent
above the political horizon, is also to be re-
gretted It might be advisable for Mr. Tillman
to visit the Tuskegee Institute, Booker Wash-
ington, manager, and learn something of the
progress and capacity of the race he affects not
to hate, and of which he shows such lamentable
ignorance.

In the recent debate in the United States
Senate on the Pritchard resolution this same
Senator Tillman is quoted as saying:

Finally, after the bayonet had come to us again tn
1476, we rose in righteousness and right; we took the
Government, we stuffed the ballot boxes, we bulldozed
the niggers and we Shot ‘em—and are not ashamed of
it The people of South Carolina in their Constitution
have done their level best to prevent the niggers from
voting.

The time has come whenall such fomenters of
discord and disturbers of the peace, who go out
of their way to personally insult the colored

man and hold him up to scorn and contempt, |

should be called to an accounting. ‘The country
is tiredofthem, They are more dangerous to
society than all the negro savages they pre-
tend to fear. Tne people of both North and
South have had their fill of war. They want
more peace and less politics. They want rep-
resentatives in power who will express
their wishes, instead of making the vital
interests of the country subservient to
narrow sectional prejudice. They want
men who understand and recognize the
fact that the interests of the respective
States are identical; that what is for the in-
terest of the South and West is for the interest
of the North and Fast; that the old ante-bellum
negro issue is dead; that the present negro
issue is very much alive, and has to be met,
that abuse of the negro is not the remedy for
the evil of slavery; that he is here to stay, and
must and will be educated in the public schools
if it takes a thousand years to doit, and that
anybody now rattling around the Senatorial
shoe who attempts to stay the march of prog-
ress for the education and enfranchisement of
the colored man will be relegated to the ocean
of political obscurity, and thereafter find plenty
of time to brood over lost opportunities. To
such men will go the sympathy, good will and
hearty cooperation of the North, in their efforts
to meet and deal with one of the most mo-
mentous problems now confronting the
whole country, viz., the education and enfran-
chisement of the colored man.

You can begin this work by securing teachers
for the public schools who are not only glad,
but also anxious to see an ignorant child be-
come an educated child) Teach the present
generation the alphabet; the next the primer
Treat them not as wards or pensioners, nor as
@ necessary evil, but as human beings. Give
them a fair chance and in fifty years the colored
man will have reached a stage of development
that will be an honor to the State and to the
Union. Treat him with kindness and give him
no longer cause to hate the white man, Kind-
nese alone will settle the question, and only
through kindness will the white race be able to
govern the black. Ostracize and relegate to
the rear those who can see nothing but asavage
in the colored man. Suchmen may be sincere
in their belief, and doubtless are, but they are
behind the times and the country has no use
forthem. Let the Southern States summon
their merchants, planters and farmers in con-
vention; name their public servants, and elect
them; invite capital to assiat in developing
the enormous resources of their States and
Gultivate a fraternal feeling with those who
wish to become citizens, or are interested in
their educational, industrial and financial
progress

Remember that the right to violate the XVth
Amendment to the Constitution carries with
it the right to violate any other part of the
Constitution, Because the carpetbaggers used
the nagro vote to the detriment of the State is
no valid reason why the negro should be dis-
franchised. If the ignorant white man (and
there are many both North and South) is al-
lowed to vote, what reason or justice is there
in diseriminating against the black man on ac-
count of his color or education? Can you afford
to do it?

| believe the Southerner needs and can secure
the negro’s vote if he is treated as fairly in poli-
tics as in business. That vote is sure to come,

sooner or later, nor can Isee that delay will |

help matters. The question is not a local one,
it belongs to the whole country, and every sec-
tion isin duty bound to do everything in its
power to secure harmony of feeling, unity of
action and concentration of energies in the
intelligent settlement of a question which so
vitally concerns the happiness and prosperity
of the nation, and so of all nations

Boston, May 10 Francia y. Morton

Judges in Politics.

To Tue Ebiror or THR SUN-~Sir: I read
{n this morning's SUN your editorial in regard to
Judge D Cady Herrick's acting the double role of
Judge and polltteal boss, While 1 concur sincerely
In all that was Said therein, still | ean but wonder
why Judge Herrick was singled out for aitacis,
There are other Judges in the State of New Vork,

' Repubiieans, who are actively engaged tn polities,
| which you So justly condemn

I have two cases in mind at the present time. Justice
Matites, for instance, of Oneonta. ts a recognized
boss of Discounty and was recently chosen Gelegate
from his Congressional district to the Republican
National Convention in Philadelphia. Judge Lesite

| Russ llof st Lawrence county recently took a very
| Prominent partin an Assembly district fet at his

own home. In the Republican Convention whieh
nominated Morton in 1404 he was prominently men
Honed as a candidate for Governor, and was himself
a delegate to that convention, moving
Morton's nomination unanimous

Other cases of the same ¢haracter might be men-

to make

tioned, but It Is needless to do so, J. M. W,
ALBANY, May 10
Naming the Antomobile,
To THE EDITOR OF THE StN—Sir> You ean

easily popularize the following terms for the automo

bile. Fleetries "Buzz" or “Buzzer.” Steam— Pug’

or, Puffer.’ T. WILSON, JR
NEW YORK, May 10

Soap and Towels Wanted, Too.

TO THE EPttvoR OF THE SUN—Si/r: In THE Stw
this morning I notleed the despatch about Ch cago
Street cars having whisk brooms and clothes brushes
for SaeE Derioe We brush off the dust. Would tt not

idea to sug@est to the Chicago street rai!

ways to pul in @ portable wash basin and {

eeee, gh ve steer ie My experience on
n at city, & this would be j

Gestion for Chicay 0. ; thouas®

BROOKLYN, 41,

 

 

 

|

|

 

| under the title

| worth

|
|

A. B. THOMAS, |

MAPPING PHILIPPINE WATERS,

 

Secretary Long sent a statement to the Sen.
ate on Tuesday, showing that the surveys of the
coast waters of the Hawaiian Islands and ovr
Samoar possessions are practically completed,
that the survey of the Porto Rican waters,
begun over a year ago, is satisfactorily advance
ing, and that three naval vessela are now mak.
ing anew survey along the coast of Cubato
replace the imperfect charts now in use, He
emphasizes the necessity of an immediate sir.
vey of the Philippine waters, as the existing
charts fall to indicate many dangerous reels
and are otherwise deficient

The present Philippine charts, all of British,
Dutch and Spanish origin, are adequate only in
respect of the approwches toa few of the larger
ports like Manila, Iloilo and Cebu, which are ene
gaged in direct international trade, But there
are many minor ports which will continue to be
the only outlets of the products of their die.
tricts until railroad building is largely devel.
oped, The hemp, tobacco, rice and other prow
ducts of these districts are collected by small
steamers that ply solely in the island trade Ag
last accounts there were thirty-five of theay
coasters, ranging from 400 to 1.000 tons, that
carry freight and passengers from the sniall to
the iarge ports where a part of the cargoes are
transferred to ocean steamers

Not a few of these little ports, at the head of
narrow and rock-strewn channels, are not easy
of approach, and the service of local pilots is
imperative, for there are no charts ‘The ine
portance of these ports to commerce has been
illustrated by the Interruption of communion.
tions with some of them on account of the war
Farly this year our supplies of Manila hemp
were almost exhausted, while thousands of
bales of this fibre were locked up in small ports
Owing to tho hemp famine our gunboats were
ordered to open the hemp ports and, in Febru.
ary, seven of them were again made availaile
for commerce. In carrying out this work our
vessels picked their way carefully along the
channels, one of which, however, was not
entered as no pilot could be found

Not only gocd charts of the harbors and
coastlines are needed, but also exploration of
the coast waters for the discovery of menaces
to navigation, such as the reef north of Luzon
that brought disaster to the cruiser Charleston
last year.

PRAISE FOR THE NAVY,

Cordial Co-operation With Gen, Young tn His
Operations in Northern Luzon,

WASHINGTON, May 11.--The Navy Depart
ment has received from Admiral Watson an
extract from a report of Brig -Gen. SB OM.
Young, which shows that the most cordial co-
operation existed between the armyand the navy
in the operations in northern Luzon against
the force directly under Aguinaldo’s command,
Gen, Young found that it was advisable, as he
Was unable to receive sufflcient reenforcements
of troops and supplies from his military base or
froin Manila, to open communication with the

navy With a view to obtaining its cooperation
and such supplies as could be spared

“Never were supplies more treely gi
gladly received,’ Gen, Young says "I
the fullest cooperation always for reentoress
ments at points where badly needed provisions
for the half-starved men, clothing and shoes for
the naked and barefooted, The difticuities and
dangers of my situation could not have been
appreciated better or the uid given more fre
by any one than was done by the officers of
thenavy. Through their efficient assistance in
the latter part of the campaign t was enabled to
push the pursuit of Aguinaldo’s forces rapidly,
without giving bim time to concentrate thei,
and, with comparatively small force, to con.
rete the dispersion of his command, which had
een for months keeping a large American
army in check along the railroad

“T shall always bear in grateful remembrance
the efficient aid given by Capt. B. Ho MeCalla of
the Newark, incommand of the naval forces,
Capt. W.'T. Burwelland Lieutenant-Commander
* EK, Beatty of the Wheeling, Capt. Harry Knox
of the Princeton, and Lieut. H.C. Mustin of the
Samar and their subordinates, and gladly ac-
cord tothem the share to which they are en-
titled for assisting mein bringing to a success.
ful termination a campaign which had for its
object the dispossession of Aguinaldo’s army
and the liberation of the American and Spanish
prisoners held bv it.”

    

 

  

CHILDREN'S STATUE OP LAFAYETTE,

Resolutions Introduced in the Senate to Be
Transmitted to France.

WASHINGTON, May 11.-Senator Davis of
Minnesota to-day introduced the following

joint resolution and asked that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations

Whereas, The schoolehildren of the United States
have, by their contribution of the sum of $50,000,
provided a statue of Lafayette, which, with the ap-

roval of the French Government, ts to be unveiled at
aris, France, og the Fourth of July, 1800; and

“Whereas, The United States, by an actof Congress,
approved March 3, 1400, appropriated the sum of 5u,-
Ooo silver dollars of the United States for the purpose
of aiding in defraying the cost of a pedestal tosaid
statute, therefore, be it

“Hesolved by the Senate (the House of Representa
tives concurring), That the people of the United States
anticipaty and appreciate this ceremony with feelings
of the greatest satisfaction, and regard the statue as
expressing the honorand gratitude with which they
cherish the memory of Lafayette and those of bis
countrymen who, by their arms and counsel, assisted
in securing the independence of the United States

Resolred, Vhat the Presidentof the United States
Js hereby requested to transmita copy of the resolu
Uons to the Government of France."

 

 

ONE MEAL A DAY,

Pronounced a Secret of Human Health an@
Happiness,

From Health Culture,

It ia by no means impossible that the newest
world Jecturer will allude to the delays of the
single meal reform. The one meal a day
plan was successfully practised by some eighty
million men of the healthiest, wealthiest and
most intelligent nations of antiquity for nearly
a thousand years

No unprejudiced observer can deny that
for the vast plurality of our fellow men there
is no other practicable way to live up to the
principle of the sanitary maxim; Never to
eat till we have leisure to digest.

Nine out of ten laborers have to hurry from
the breakfast table to their daily work, and
cannot count upon more than a few minutes
ol afternoon meal rest The same in |
mills, shipyards, railway yards, workshops an
schoolrooms

Less than a year's time would suffice to cive
the one meal habit the force of a second nature
and those who would like to form an idea of
its universal observance during the classia
period of antiquity should read Peter Bayles
dissertation on “Domestic Life in Athens and
Rome,” or De Quincey'’s humorous essay, pubs
lished in the second volurne of miscellanies,
1d “Dinner, Real and Reputed,”

There would be time for play, for reading,
for the enjoyment of art and entertaining
conversation

Sunstrokes would be known only from the
traditions of unsanitary barbarism The
eraugers youngsters would) get afternoon
sports enough to think life on a farm deeided y
living No after dinner martyrdom
would tempt truants, housekeeping drudgery
would be lessened two-thirds
FeuiN M. Oswaip, M, D.

Best Wrestler in the South,

From the Louisville Courier-Jo%
Edward Adamson, who conducts a restaurant
on Fourth street, near Walnut, is beyond a
doubt the best wrestler in the South At Musia
Hall last night he won one of the most impor

rnal

 

   

 

    

 

tant wrestling bouts ever pulled off in this eit
He wrestied two men Al Neistof St Louis and
John Mueller of New York He won both «
tests, losing only one fall out of tive

The contests were refereed by ‘Farmer
Burns, the well-known professional of CF r
After the mateh he stated that Adan saa
the greate t man of his weight he had ever
seen, and that he would bet Adamson coud
throw any middlewe.ght in the world

Vhe contest was for $200 a side, cateh-as
eateh-can, Adamson agreeing to seore two fa 4
from each man out of a total of seven

Anti-Charch Hat Movement to Triumph,

From the Atlanta Journa

The triumph of the ant! church hat movement!s
certain. Norcan it be long delayed Crinity Chure
was crowded by arreat congregation yesterday
Rev Dr. Stradiew at the opening of the service
requested that the ladle f the congregation remove
their hats, 1 Stated that he did so beeause it was
desirable th persons in the congregation sh 1
see the speakers. Dr. Stradley expressed the hope
that the ladies of his congregation would habltua

remove their hats tn church

Nearly every hatin chureh eameoff, ‘The eongre
ation Must have been struck with the tnproved cor
Gition whichensud, An tmpres Object lesson was
presented whieh wil hasten the triumph of the an
courch Mat crusad ‘

Atlanta wil take the lead in this righteous move
ment and other eitics wall follow

‘The time is not far distant when we may all #90 43
Well as hear the preacher. “