TOM THE INCORRIGIBLE.

arsst AND WORST STATE OP A
CENTRAL PARK ELEPHANT.

  

Building a Cage of Holler Iron for
Fellow Who Nods "Yes" When Boys
k Him if He Wants Peanuts
byhood, Now He's Murderous,
If Tom, the entral Park elephant, numbered
numerous justly celebrated
nts he would spend his days sing-
he utmost intensity of feeling: “I'ma
bird in ae jilded caige.”” The words will
gome nearer t expressing Tom's feelings next
week and thereafter than any other lyric he
could select, though ‘Tom's cage is not to be

They're
the Big
and Girls As

Bad From Ba

gong armons his
accomplish ine
ing with t

gilded but plate d with boiler iron, The contract
has heen let and thepen on the northside of the
elephant house bas been selected for the pur-
pose. Tom, with his companion, Jewel, who is

d would never think of sharing
{murderous perversity, stands
i chain on one hind leg

aperfect! ady an
{n bis wicked anc

{n the nex! box with
and one fore leg, a! {watches the preparations
"hen ist ‘bad elephant From his youth up
bis ways have bee. the ways of evil, He ts
gnown wherever cireus men and animal
trainers gather asone that is As bad as they
make ‘en Hagenbeck, the animal importer,
brought Tom to this country from Indiain
q3ss, Tom was very small then, not much
bigger than a Shedand pony Barnum &

thim from Hagenback and turned

Bailey bow! ,
Arstingstall to be made

him over to (reorge

{nto a clown elephant Arstingstall is as
efficient an elephant trainer as there ts
{x these United States, He telis to-day that
Tom was just a little bit too much = for

him. One day when he was teaching Tom
to steal the ringmaster’s whip during the
performance of the other tral!ned elephants he
had occasion to discipline Tom with the sharp
endofamahout'siron, To his utter astonish-
ment and to the huge joy of all beholders, the
tiny elephant tur ned and charged on him with
infantile ferocity Arstingstall was knoeked
over as much by surprise as the toree of the

blow, but he got out of the way before the
youngster could trample on him. He bad never
{n all his life met with any animal quite so inde-

pendent and self-reliant as ‘Tom had shown
himself to be and he predicted then and there

that Tom would come to no good end inthe |
show business and would almost certainly take |
a keeper or two along with him to the eternal \

hunting grounds
Ina travelling
that shows temper is teased just as a small boy

menagerie a small elephant

{s teased on showing the first Signs of an une

isposition. ‘The elephant’s temper

reasonable «

{snotimproved by this sort of treatinent any

ye than asmall bov's would be As ‘Lom in-
creased in sive and strength his disposition grew
steadily worse. He became known as the
‘orazy elephant lle went wrong without the
pightest warning and without any apparent
ereuse (On the cireas parades through city
streets Tom would cast his trunk on high and
gohunting fortrouble, trying to knock down

marehing beside him or to in-
r to make trouble inanyv
It
was a common occurrence for the show people
grounds for
to come and subdue the

theman who was
ire the spectators ¢

other way that occurred to his guilty soul

tohavetosend tothe show the

head elephant man
brute before the parade could go on

In 1803 Barnum & Bailey became convinced
that Tomin his prevailing state of mind was
not, tor @ time at least, a fit subjeet tor the
showman’s activides They did not want to
x vehimn away or destroy him ‘Whey offered
hin to the eity to be puton exhibition in Cen-
tral Park until his temper should be improv d
by the quiet and even iife he would live there

nder the kindly and sympathetic care of
heeper Billy Snyder and the contemplative
rcientifle observation of the Hon. John M
Binith, director of the menagerie For
a while he did not behave any better in
Central Park than he had on the rovwd
with the show In time, however,

Snyder made friends with him He proved as
easy a pupil as he had been a wicked fighter
Snyder taught him to ring bells, to sit upata
table and eat a civilized dinner, to stand on his
hind legs and dance and to hold the same
difflcult attitude while aruists came and made

sketches of him for magazine illustrations or |

for higher purposes. Snvder was very + roud
of Tom and used togo into the elephant house
and exhibit him whenever there was a respite
from the shooting of coyotes, the lassoing of

rebras or any other of the assorted duties that |

have come to him and to Keeper Shannon in
the course of theirservice of the city. Barnum
& Bailey, after repeated efforts to sell the
brute here and abroad, made vain by his repu-
tation, gave him to the city outright

A change @imeover Tom last fall. It was
hot as Sudden as his moods had beenwhen he
was with Arstingstall. Snyder saw it coming
One Thursday he had the elephant outin the
vard back of the elephant house making him do
his tricks for a newspaper artist, who was illus-
trating an article on the attractions of the
Park. Tom did the tricks when he was told to
do them, but there was that in hiseve which
made Snyder the least bitdoubtfulofhim  Be-
fore carrying out each order the elephant would
pause @a moment and think things over as
‘hough he were not quite certain whether the
time for revolt was ripe Snyder was devoutly
greterul when the newspaper artist closed up
us portfolio and said he had enough Tom
went back into his stall peaceably enough and
Snyder hoped tor the best On Sunday morn-
ing there appeared on Tom's cheeks the wet
streak that shows that the ugiy mood has taken
poateneren ofanelephant [It coms tohim at
rregular periods all through hislile Snvder
Five that itis the beast’s badness working out
of his brain

Snyder saw the sign and was cautious, al-
though he was not really afraid of an outbreak
He went into the stall and Tom rolled his eye
eutathim Snyder took care not to get within
reach of a direer biow of the big trunk Tom's
Naks were cutoff close to their roots long AKO,

no danger from ‘Tom

 

Bo the

 

Wis them

 

  

teemed to bein a tnost peaceable mood as far
Asis keener was concerned and Snvder felt
pleased all over Inthe midstofhis glow of
patisfact one Lone of som sJegs shot out behind
like as nly onitmated tree trunk. It caught
Snvder on the hip He was closer to the leg

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

  

NPT MME ee

 
 

| NEW BOOKS.

Brief Reviews of Important and Interesting
New Publications,

Mrs. Alice Morse Earle's books of historical
research are not only good for reference, but
they are also interesting. They possess attrac-
tion for the general as well as the particular
reador, We all know that historicaPinforma-
tion is not invariably presented in a fascinating
manner, and we are the more indebted to Mrs,
Earle because she has been at the pains, or at
least obeyed the inatinet, tobereadable. “Child
Life in Colonial Days," by Mrs. Karle (Macmil-
lan Company), has the entertaining qualifica-
tions of her other books

In writing of Colonial child life Mrs. Earle{be-
| wins naturally at the period of babyhood
Even Jonathan Edwards, who had developed
great powers of sarcasm and a sonorous literary
styleat theageof 12, entered upon life asa
baby. They were brave, and it seemed at first
fortunate, children who were brought to New
England by tho settlers of Massachusetts Bay.
Goy. Winthrop recorded that nota child showed
“fear or dismayedness'' on the voyage, and
they landedon a June day, when, according
to Joshua Seottow, an early historian who ap-
preciated the favors of nature in New England
inthe month of June, there wasasmell on the
shore like the smell of a garden. Welcomed were
these migrant children ‘with external flavor
and sweet odor, fragrant was the land,
| such was the plenty of sweet fern, laurel and
other fragrant simples; such was the scent of
| ouraromatic and balsam-bearing pines, spruces
and larch trees, with our tall cedars."

But it was different in winter, not only for
those babies who came over in the first ships,
but for all New England babies for many years
after, It wasa bleak world, Mrs. Earle reminds
us, that they looked out uponin winter. There
was one ceremony Which called for babies of a
Spartan mould, and which, as Mra. Earle says,
might well have given rise to the expression
“survival of the fittest.” All babies had to be
baptized within a few days of birth, and the
baptisin had to take place in the meeting house,
which was evena litte more frigid than most

 

New England places. We are called upon
j here to imagine the January babe car-
{ried through the wind-swept streets to

the freezing sanctuary where the ice had to be
broken in the christening bowl, Judge Samuel
Sewall of Boston, who kept a diary, and to
whom all writers of New England history are
much beholden, recorded on Jan, 22, 1604) "A
very extraordinary Storm, by reason of the
falling and driving of Snow Few women
could get to Meeting. A Child named Alex-
ander was baptized in the afternoon.” The
Judge tells of children of his own who were
baptized when they were four days old) They
ind the Judge has re-
Water,

were winter children,
corded that they shrank from the icy
though they eried not

The mortality among the infants of eariy
New England was appallingly areat. Fevers,
influenzas, sore throats, “bladders in the wind-
‘ andsmallpox carried them off in great
numbers. It is hardly a wonder that the medi-
with which they were dosed failed to save

Snail water was used asa tonic and also
Venice treacle was a medicine that
it was

pipe

eines
them
as alotion
was popular until within this century;
supposed to have been invented by the physi-
Nero and was made of vipers, white
wine, opium, “spices from both the Indies,”
licorice, red roses, tops of germander and Saint
John's-wort, some twenty other herbs, juice of
rough aloes, and honey “triple the weight of all
the dry spices’ Mithridate, the favorite medi-
cine of King Mithndates, was another dose that
| was given to early New England children, it
contained forty-five ingredients, and it is safe
tosay that the New England vietims of it did
| not esteem itashighly as King Mithridates did
| For twenty shillings mothers could get ‘the
| famous anodyne necklace for children’s teeth,’
of which the advertisements said that "chil-
dren the very brink of the Grave, and
; thought past recovery with their teeth, who
' cannot tell what they suffer nor make known
their pains any other way but by erying and
| moans,” had almost miraculously recovered
; alter wearing itfora single night. “A mother
would never forgive herself,’ the advertiser
artiessly continued, ‘whose child should die for
want of so very easy a remedy for its teeth,”
and there is litthke doubt that many a New
England mother bought the famous anodyne
necklace and hung it tenderly about her baby's
neck, feartul of what her New England con-
science would say in case anything Should han-
pen and the efficient remedy in question should
not be at hand
This book considers the dreas of the Colonial
children, their schooling, their discipline, their
manners, their religions, thought and train-
ing, their story books, their needlecraft, their
games and pastimes and their toys. There was
a thoughtful Englishinan of the name of Locke,
who thought a great deal upon the subject of
the bringing up of children, and who published
in 1600 a book called Thoughts on Education,”
which was much e&teemed by New England
parents. Onething that Locke strongly ad-
vised was to Wash the child's feet in cold water
daily, and to “have his shoes s0 thin that
they might leak and letin water.’ Thanks to
this kindly but strenuous authority on the
needs of children, many a little New Englander
was made to gasfMeor breath and brought to
the very verge ofa fit as he was held under the
pumpota winter morning Josiah Quincy was
one Attheage of three he was taken every
day from his warm bed and carried into the
cellar and dipped three times in a tub of fresh
pump water Hewasalso brought up to de-
spise a comfortable condition of the feet. His
shoes were purposely made to leak, in accord-

cian of

on

ands gat eae ABE noes pin thougt '. | ance with Locke's advice, and he has left it on
even as it was, Snyder landed outside the hare ‘ | record that he sat more than half the time with
aoe Sor ie alate couse a ob a look of | his feet wet and cold, and without the slight-
No matter how ugly an elephant ray Hk ha est injury to his health  Tockea advised
must becleanedand fed andattendedtoif he | brown bread, cheese and warm beer as
iB Io si In eapuvity. Snyder knew pere | proper food for children, but this ad-
working dowel t Lb age re pe at vier was not much followed in New Ene-
n Vas 1 the wall, Suyder managed ‘ ) Dut jand, if it was followed there at ail) The New
eater "davnnnts ly th ae ae & itthe | England child got more milk than beer, but the
Sovder aga te sides of th @ stall or to knock diet preseribed by Locke certainly took hold
a . ind trampleon him The ngly mood | elsewhere, for it is recorded here that a little
Svein, anvder w PP eotttonat hee hee table | English girl from: Barbadoes, who had been
y rely sorry for the way he bahe sent to sehool in New York, complained in a
ip Twas nota month, howeyve letter to her parents than the lady having

  
   
 
 
 
 

 

' appeared on Tom's «

: eks again
rhadto |

ok out for his life every
‘ntinto the stall, Tom tried strategy
Woont his trunk appealingty

it fo pat it,

etohed out a littl: farther,
back the trunk a little
pected by this tinue
ter He braced hin
upa litte closer
ont }

rnore
what it
If for
The

ved bik

 

 

|
|
|
|
|

charge of her gave her only water for dinner,
and that her father wrote back that she wasa
child of and quality, used to the
Inxuries of life, and that wine and beer must be
putat her disposal

Inachapter on childish preecocity we have
much thatis curious John Evelyn's son Rich-
ard diedin i658 at the age of 5, and the father

position

hots With @ sWinging blow as
landed) would have knooke q | recorded in his diary He had learned all his
and or i ss Snyder dropped to the floor ' catechism at two years anda half old; he could
back and sighed Niacarn hi if m rolled his eyes perfectly read any of the English, Latin,
tr " Co brite get well over the second tan- | French or Gothie Jetters, pronouncing the first
dard tof je month or two Snyder baseven | three languages exactly, He had, before the
pa ! throug omeort etr »
that used to delight the childr “P. ticks | arch year, orin that year, not only skill to read
q ’ “. " ! ale
: vd ‘eparently are to inerease in fre sean most written hands, but todeeline all the nouns,
7 now he has about come tothe | conjugate the verbs regular, and most of the
: da in mn © of indies Aa rg A irregular’ learned ont Puerelis, got by heart
‘ ' " 1 for Snyder to sav that means | Almost the entire yoeabularyof Latinand French
4 With (he stuinps of his tusks Tom | primitives and words, could make congruous
ee Cunrest hy 7 oneimine .
Woods pete tO wouRing oe avntax, turn English into Latin and vice versa,
* . sth ev are groove
ae {scored Ingles to the depth ol ahi h construe and prove what he read, and did the
titioy 1! ClorSmith fears that the par- | government and use of relatives, verbs, sub-
os ' “ ene f the elephant is '

fester Vin eee a tn at ge SHOU) Crantives, ellipses and many flauresand tropes,
hie \ ¥ Poti rw practice So ‘
sheathing d ye tract was let foran iron | and made a considerable progress in Come-
Mone Hs Rawle nside of the north compart- | nins'’s Janua; begun himself to write legibly and
HAL AS Much ae T di 5 nis ayy varies on had a strong passion for Greek, The number
aor eanwhile she :
pore With bad elephants to give a way of verses he could recite was prodigious, and

FY Opply at Contral Park what he remembered of the parts of plays

PRINCE 1Ap (HOKED T0 DEATH,

A Prize Winning Pointer of High Pedigree
a Victim of His Gwn Greed,
Basyiox, Ny

 

Pinning plat May 11. Prince Lad, a prize
at the W ae erof high pedigrees, died to-day
Ms grond ite ‘ter Kennel Club as a result of
oon was bred and raised by George
thine ho” Cib's superintendent, who had

he Had an offer of $1,000 for him but had
larver,t Part With Lim, haping to get a still

Mott tosday th
him are Noein “irge pieces of meat

‘im. Pe & Which was in a kennel
Matched the cer, Vand swallowed one and then
Blemoning from bis companion. In

r swallow it whele he became

 

Sed and

 

ter suffering great agony

 

404 to doney
. eath “very ©
ve his life but it wae im effort was made to

e
¢
biov. of meat out of his Waroa® wen ay we

err erreesirereetnenereeeneninnten Re mere ENERSESnS EIR RN

which he could also act, and) when seeing a
Plautus in one's band, he asked what book
{t was, and betng told it was comedy
and too dificult for him, he wept
in sorrow.’ Our Jonathan Edwards was not
perhaps in infancy quite the equal of this Eng-
lish child, but there is a letter here which he
wrote at the age of 12, in which he replied with
the most astonishing irony to somebody who
had advanced the idea that the soul remained in
the body until after the resurrection.

Mrs. Earle's book overflows with illustrations
which are as interesting as the text. They in-
clude everything from hornbooks to portraits,
and make a remarkable and a valuable collec-
tion

"The Monk and the Danver"” (Seribners) is
the title givento a series of strange tales by
Mrs, Arthur Cosslet Smith, The first of the

 

  

series concerns itself with the adventures of
Brother Angolo of the monastery of La Trappe.
Fle was voung and innocent and he looked like
the pictures of Saint Sebastian—but he fell un-
der the spell of Dolores, a Spanish dancer of
great beauty and indifferent morals. He got
over the garden wall and went to Venice with
her--but she grew tired of his innocence and
left him suddenly to go back to a bull-
fighter. ‘Then Angelo, after following her
to Paris, where he accepted the temporary
hospitality of a friendly young woman that he
met at the Folies Bergéres, walked back to the
monastery and was good again, In another of
the stories we read of a gentleman who found
the date of his death written in scarlet letters
on the fleshy part of his arm, while yet another
shows usa day in the life of the Bishop of Porto
Rico, who left his wife ata New York hotel and
set out to buy some nectarines for her, but was
seriously delayed. He dropped in at the Saun-
terers' Club to rest a little while,

Shall] bring you @ paper, my lord?" asked the

servant,
“Yes,” sald the Bishop. “I should like to see the

last copy of the Churciman.”

“Very sorry, my lord, but we don't take in the
Churchman,” sald William, "Will you try the Kren
ing Post, my lord? ‘The Post isa very serious paper.’

“No,” replied the Bishop “LT think I will take a lit
tle rest"’

Shortly after that the Bishop began to grow
wildly exhbilarated he didn’t get home to his
wife iM quite late and he forgot the nectar-
ines. Bat by far the most curious of them all is
the story of Mr. Smith's uncle, who lent aman
25,000 franes . goand huntfor the Garden of
Eden and the Tree of Life

“A Visit toa Ghani” (Alice B. Stockham &
Co, Chicago, Ili) is Mr, Edward Carpenter's
account of a curious experience in Ceylon,
There are several objective points of interest to
the investigator in the gem-like isle. Some
take delight in the cinnamon gardens, and some
go inland to seethe tea plantations, while
others immediately investigate the excellent
prawn curries that are prepared in all their
perfect harmony at Mount Lavinia. But Mr.
Carpenter is a mystic and he was looking for a
Ghani, Now aGfani, sofaras we understand
the matter, is the same thing asa Guru, and a
Guru is a man who used to bea Yori. A Yowi
is also sometimes called a Fakir A Guru there-
fore is a Hindu gentleman who spends most
of bia time sitting on a eouch with his lees
cotled under him, wrapt in the gerene contem-
plation of his own stomach. Some attain to
perfection in this quiescent branch of art--
though it is doubtful whether the annals of
Hindu mysticism can show any adept to com-
pare with a certain legendary Japanese philos-
opher who indulged {n meditation so profound
that in course of time his lega dropped off, But
this may have been an exaggerated case. The
Gfiani that Mr. Carpenter met was an elderly
man dressed ina white musiin wrapper. When
he had been sufficiently stirred up he would
launch forth into along and fluest discourse in
the Tamillanguage Mr Carpenter's knowledge
of Tamilis slight and he was obliged to glean
through an interpreter as much as he could of
the contemplative gentleman's disquisitions on
the Why and the Whence andthe Light that
never Was) Theresult is here given at some
length The Gani was well versed in grammar
end the law and hada good practical knowledge

of cookery For three vears during his
preparation to be a Fakir he refrained

from speech. When he was hungry he clapped
his hands, and his wife brought him food. It is
considered a great honor to be a Fakir’s wife
and true believers are taught, by the Fakir,
that it is highly meritorious to give money, food
and other thingstoa holy man. Mr Carpen-
ter's Ghani habitually passed the greater part
of the twenty-four hours in contemplation,
From time to time, however, he would wake up
and say “‘“Sendusham, Sandosham eppotham,”
which means, always joy “The true
quality qf the soul,’’ he said one day, “is that
of space, by whichit is at rest everywhere
But this space (Akasa) within the soul is far
above the ordinary material space. The whole
of the Jatter, including all the suns and stars,
appears to vou then as if it were but an atom of
the former,” and he held up his fingers as
though crumbling a speck of dust between
them. So Mr Carpenter says “'Space itself,
as we know it, may be practically annihilated
in the consciousness of a larger space of which
{tis but the superficies; and a person living in
London may pot unlikely find that he has a
back door opening quite simply and uncere-
moniously out in Bombay.’ The Gfiani also
made some remarks on the subject of govern-
ment and statecraft which impressed Mr. Car-
penter as being Carlylean in character. Once he
said that ‘States must be ruled by justice and
then they will succeed’ a remark which we
seem to have heard before In speaking of the
English people he described them as hopelessly
plunged into materialism, but he thought that
ifthey ever did turn to “sensible pursuits”
presumably stomachic contemplation — their
perseverance and natural sense of justice
would stand them in good stead. At
present it was diMeult for a Fakir
to do much good in England, as the
English people was as vet unprepared to re-
ceive the light ‘Those who do,” he said, “‘at-
tain some degree of emancipation these do not
know that they have attained: though having
experience they lack knowledge * * * Tt ig
like aman who knows there is ghee (butter) to
be got out of a cow (pasu, metaph, for soul)
He walks round and round the cow and cries
‘O Ghee! OGhee! Milk pervades the cow, but
he cannot find it’ Then when he has learned
tohandle the teat and has obtained the milk
he still eannot find the chee It pervades the
milk and has to be got by a definite method.”
This seems to be good symbolism and need not
necessarily be narrowed in its application to
England only It may be thatin various places
in this world man walks around wistfully con-
templating many a metaphoric cow from whieh
he cannot get symbolic milk meanwhile mur-
muring: “OGhee! © Ghee! There are many
other matters treated of in this little volume
which is interesting throughout

joy,

“The Money Sense’ (4. W Dillingham Com-
pany), a novel by the woman who writes under
the name of John Strange Winter, might have
been called "The Sorrowful Story of Ange-
lique,"' or “The Wearisome Woes of a Peculiarly
Unpleasant Young Woman,” or in fact any-
thing, so long as the title suggested some mat-

 

Foreign Hotels. |

THE SAVOY HOTEL,

 

London

The Savoy Restaurant,

 

looking the Gardens and River. with St. Paul's and Westininster in sight.

plays during dinner anid supper

CLARIDGES HOTEL,

 

Oo

Grosvenor Square, in the centre of fashionable

   
 

or en a D

ter both tireseme and unpleasant. We no
longer look for anything #0 old-fashioned as
ordinary reticence in the so-called novels
written by a certain type of woman. The ex-
ploitation of some of the more unpleasant
Possibilities of the sex relationship nowadays
scarcely shocks us, and the woman who uses an
Imperfect understanding of a few physiological
facts as hor literary starting point has come to
be rewarded as nothing more harmful than an
ordinary bore. The sorrows of Angelique move
us only toa feeling of pity—forthe author. Ange-
lique's unhappiness began at home, She felt that
she was fitted to do bigger, beiter, nobler work
than sewing new collars and cuffs on father's
shirts, and mother wasaholy terror, Mother
had nosou! beyond under Hnen and pots of
Jam. She wandered around the house ina
noiseless, flatfooted fashion, and she had an
unpleasant, and altogether inexcusable, habit of
going through Angelique’s pockets and reading
her letters. So Angelique felt that she was
meantfor Art. She tried the stage and failed
miserably, and as she had meanwhile accumu-
lated £500 worth of debts she married a
little Jewish gentleman from Whitechapel
who had money. His name was Israel Isaacs,
but he changed thistolan Ingram He thus
acceded tothe wishes of Angelique and at the
same time obviated the necessity of changing
the initials on his sleeve links. They livedina
London suburb, ina jerry-built house with a
little conservatory and rooms full of job-lot
bric-&-brac; but, as Angelique continued
to get into debt, and Mr. Isaacs became
altogether too friendly with the parlormaid,
they ended with a divorce. Then Angelique
married an elderly artist, the friend of Duch-
esses and the painter of the portraits of all
the fashionable women of his day. He was an
indulgent old gentleman, but he would tnsist
upon eating lobster salad and cream and taking
liqueur brandies after his dinner. Then he
would go home and have spasms, and Ange-
Nque had to put mustard plasters on him: and
the author gives usa nice, long comprehensive
description of the process of making and
applying a mustard plaster, which should be
useful to ladies with elderly husbands whose
appetites are under imperfect control. Ange-
lique still continued to spend money reckleasiy,
and the old gentleman oscillated between amor-
ousness and acute indigestion, and with a frel-
ing of intense relief we take leave of Ange-
lique at a point where she apparently
about to drink herself to death, The author
ends with this solemn peroration “I have no
nore tosay. Thestory of Angelique is not a
far-fetched one; alas, it is not an uncommon
one, butit is the story which may be true of the
life of any woman who marries from other than
the one motive which has been found to make
marriage an honorable and a bearable estate
since such bonds became a civilized institution
A comfortable home what it A silken
cushion —a flounce of lace an indigestible dish!
A marriage of ambition well, what does that
ambition bring? Too often, too often the bitter
realization of a truth that written more
than three hundred years ago by the wise man
of Avon
“©, the flerce wretchedness that glory brings us!’ ”
In ‘Songs and Fancies of Buffalo’ (Charles

Wells Moulton, Buffalo, NY), Mr. John
Charles Shea sings blamelessly and with en-
thusiasm of the city thatishis home The ex-
cellent work of the charity organization, the
beauty of Buffalo, the public spirit of her busi
ness men, and her environments of lake and
river are here decoronsly and justly celebrated
The poet goes a fishing and comes home to
commemorate his exploits in verse, he praises
the belles of St Louis and even says the kindly
thing of the ladies of Cadiz witha subsequent
reservation in favor of the home product

Don't be lured by witching ladies

Dwelling off in distant Cadiz

Those man undoing ladies who bewitch

You as you go

is

was

Never mind their cigarillas,
Their old-time cut mantillas—
For Yankee girls in shirtwalsts
Are the sweetest thing that go.

Hesaysa wordfor Dreyfus and has a slap
here and there at the Canadians across the
river, and, above all, weare glad to note that
he does not neglect the Buffalo girls those dear
delightful creatures that the sonysters of our
youth were wont to invite to come out to-night
and dance by the light of the moon

And, oh, the girls of Huffalo, in knickerbocker
sults,

Or skirts that seem to tantalize the beauty of their
boots.

And bloomers, too, for | maintain and stoutly here
declare

A Boffalo girl in any dress looks lovely any
where!

A portrait of the Bard faces the title page,
He ia benevolent looking anda trifle bald

 

Wehave already mentioned in thiscolumn the
excellent little series of Temple Primers pub-
lished in England by the Dent louse and in this
country by the Macmillans, The latest volume
is Mr Edward Jenks’s “History of Politics.”
The aim of the publishers of these handy little
booksisto provide in convenient and acenssi-
ble form the information which the weseual
bulky and high-priced enevclopw@dias place be-
yond the easy reach of the average reader
The books are to be international and the
names of the scholars who are to cooperate ore
al! distinguished) The series promises to be
admirably adapted to the needs of scholars,
students and the general public

The latest volume issued in the Haworth
edition of the Bronte Novels (Harpers) is ‘The
Tenant of Wildfel] Hall, by Anne Bronté. It
notacheerful book. “Dear, gentle Anne,” as
Mrs Ward saysin her introduction, “possessed
in full the Bronte the Bronte
strength of will) When her father asked her at
four years old what a little child likeher wanted
most, the tiny creature replied if it were nota
Bronte it would 6 inerediblie ‘Age and ex-
perience ''' She was the saddest of aby no
means rollicking family and “Wildfell Hall’
was the literary expression of her constitu-
tional melancholy

The Volta Bureau for the Increase and Diu
sion of Knowledge relating to the Denf, issues a
souvenir volume commemorating Helen Keller's
passing ofthe Harvard final examination for
admission to Radcliffe College in June last. The
volume contains a summary of the methods of
education pursued with Helen Keller, papers by
her instructors, Miss Sullivan and Mr. Keith,

serionisness,

Foreign Hotels.

Overlooking the Thames and Embankment
Gardens; commands an incomparable view,
By night a fairy scene. A rendezvous for
American society and European nobility
The entire house, nearly 800 rooms and 100
bathrooms, is sumptuously furnished with
latest improvements. Ut Is absolutely
flreproot, down to the conerete floors,
Pure water from an Artesian well.

MR. HENRI MENGAY, Gen. Manager,

f international fame, is under direction of
the famous Chef, Maitre Thouraud. Meals
Are served on the romantle terrace over-

An Italian orchestra

London; isthe abode of royalty and aristoc-
racy. The best and costliest materials have

been employed in the furnishing. Complete suites, inciuding separate veatibules, insures abso-

jute privacy if desired,

A Royal Suite (Prince of Wales's) with separate entrance from the main

street. Over 300 rooms and 100 bathrooms. The whole house Is absolutely freproof, and

your broad fireproof staircases Insure absolute safety,

frequented by the elite of London,

THE GRAND HOTEL,
Rome

 

The Restaurant Marivaux,

PARIS

 

Tho restaurant is regularly
MR, HENRI MENGAY, Gen. Manager,

Is universally recognized as the most beautiful

and comfortable, as it is the newest, hot
in Italy. It ia the chief rendezvous of ioe
can and English society. The lonbies and
restaurant, under picturesque flluraination,
resemble # veritable “midsummer night's
dream.” MR, A, PFYFFER, Manager,

More familiar as “Joseph's” oppo.
site the new Opera Comique, has
an international reputation of
long standing,

MAY 12, 1900.

|
|
|
|

arg

the blind girl's own account of her preparation
for college and several photographs.

The Macmillans issue an excellent three-
volume edition of Boswell’s Life of Johnson, re-
printed from the edition prepared for them by
Mr. Mowbray Morris for the ‘Globe’ series
some years ago. The type is large and clear
and the general make-up of the book first
class, Itstrikes us as somewhat remarkable
that, whereas in England the same firm sells this
identical edition at the very reasonable price of
threeshillings and sixpence (about 87 cents) per
volume, the American buyer is required to pay
$1 50.

We have also received

“Senator North.” Gertrude Atherton
Lane.)

“A Difficult Problem. The Staircase at the
Heart's Delight and Other Stories’ Anna
Katharine Green, (Mrs Charles Rohifs.) (FM,
Lupton Publishing Conpany >

“The Sea-Farers. A Romance of a New Eng-
land Coast Town.’ Mary Gray Morrison,
(Doubleday, Page & Co)

"Three Score Years and Ten in Retrospect
1. Boyhood Days. IT Reminiscences of School
Experiences from ‘Twenty to Seventy-two"
J.W. Hooper. (COW. Bardeen.)

“The Mind of Tennyson His Thoughts of
God, Freedom and Immortality" EB. Hershey
Sneath, Ph.D. GSeribners.)

“The Garden of Eden" Blanche Willis How-
ard) (Scribners)

“Edneational Aims and Methods,
and Addresses. "Sir Joshua Fiteh,M A,L 1
(Macmillans.)

“A Country Without Strikes A Visit to the
Compulsory Arbitration Court of New Zea-
land" Henry Demarest Lloyd, with introdue-
tion by William: Vember Reeves, ex-Minister
of Laborin New Zealand. (Doubleday, Page
&CO)

“The Cross or the Pound. Which? A Talk on
the Modernization of Civilization in India with
Application to the Hindu and Hinduism.” By
Major Pangborn. (Ameriein News Company )

“Passes, or the Beauties of Transportation.”
Aliguste Faure. (The Friedenwald Company,
3alimore, Ohio.)

Wohn

Lectures
dD

DE KOVENS NEW VORKERS NO MORE,

Auction Sale of the Farnishings of Their
Former Home,

The passing of Mr. and Mrs. Reginald De
Koven from the life of New York was registered
yesterday with thesale of the furnishings of
their former home, 83 Irving place, by C.E
Smith, auctioneer of the Knickerbocker auction

rooms, Sometime agoit was announced that
Mr and Mrs. De Koven were to live in Wash-
ington. ‘The sale was advertised as taking
ince at the residence of "Mrs. Reginald De
Kugen.” Five hundred and forty-three lots
we sold oon ‘Lhursday for 82,801.56 Yester-

 

day 527 ws, completing the catalogue, Were
sold for 87,617.91) Edna Wallace Hopper was a
considerable buyer vesterday, The house was
crowded almost all the time, ehietly by women

 

Gen, Watson's Daughter to Be Married.

Cards are out announcing the approaching
marriage of Miss Alice Lvon Watson to Paul
Armitage. The ceremony will take place at St
John's Church, Bridgeport, Conn., on May 23
and after the ceremony there will be a recep-
tion at the sunimer home of the bride at. Black
hock Miss Watson isthe danahter of Gen
and Mrs. Thomas l. Watson She was educa-
tedin Paris. Mr. Armitage is theson of H.G
Armitage He graduated with honors from
Columbia College and the law school and is
now a lawyer in this city.

 

pDIBDYP.

BROWN, On Thursday, May 19, 1990, inthis eity
Harold Brownof Newport, R. 1, inthe 87th year
of his age

Notice af funeral hereafter

CONE,— At Colonia, NJ. on Friday, May 11, 1900,

Sarah Kinne, wife of Edward G, Cone
Funer®! Monday, on arrival of train leaving New
York at!) o'clock, Pennsylvania R.A

GLASS-~ On Thursday, May 10, 1900, of append
citis, atthe German Hospital, R. Bryan Glass,
M. D., sou of Ella R. and the late Peter B. Glass,
{In his 42d year

Funeral private

MANSFIELD. At the quartersof Capt. W. H Cof

fin, Fort Hamilion, No \., May 11, 1000, the Rev
L. Delos Mansfield
Funeral services 10:30 A. M., Saturday, May 12,
1900 at Fort Hamilton N. 4
MAURAN.-In this city on May 11, 1900,

Louise Nichols, wif
Providence, R.1
MILLER, At his residence,
on Thursday, May
Miller, aged 77 years
Funeral from his late residence on Monday after
noon, May 14, 1900

REAGAN. -On Sunday, May 4, 1900, Willamo,
Reagan, beloved husband of Hannah Reagan,
aged 62 yours

Relatives. friends and members of United States
lodge No. 207, F. and A.M, and Anderson
Williams Post No. 804, G. A. R., are Invited to
attend the funeral services at his late residence.

N, ¥.,
Todd

Constableville,
1900,

   

Stephen

72 West 06th st, New York city, on Sunday,
May 18, 1900, at 1 P.M. Interment at Wood-
lawn

SCOTT. Suddenly, on Friday evening, May 11,

1000, at his residence, 258 West 24th st., Arthur,
sonof Cora M. and the late John B. Se ott
Notice of funeral hereafter
WARWICK, On Thursday, May 1990,
residence, 458 West 44th st, Mary
of Andrew Warwiek, in ber 85th year
Funeral fiom the West Forty fourth Street U.P
Chureh, between Oth and loth avs., Sunday, May
18, 1900, atl Relatives and friends are
invited. Interment at Woodlawn

10, at her

J, widow

o'clock

"HE KRENSICO CEMETERY. Private station, Har-
lem Railroad, 48 minutes tide from the Grand
Central Depot. Office, le Past 42d at

 

Special Notices.

A VIGOROUS GROWTH andthe original eolr
given tothe halr by PARKERS'S HAIR HALSAM
HINDERCORNS, the best cure for eorns 15 ets,

HEADACHES cured ty stay cured: trial free, liter
ature mailed. DR. WARK, 60 Weat 104th st

Religious Notices.
ou NG on ge REFORMED CHURCH
Broadway and 68th st Rev. Livingston 1

Taylor, formerly of the rirst Congregational Church
of Cleveland, Ohto, will preach at}l A.M anda P.M

(

WHURCILOF THE MESSIAH, 84th st., cor. Park
Services at 11 A.M Rev. Robert Collyer

ay
will preach Sunday sehool at 10 o'clock in the
Chapel. Entrance Park ay Allecordtally invited,

( TRACE CHCURCA, Broadway, corner loth at,
I Holy Communion, ® A, M,

Karly Morning Prayerand Sermon, @.0' lock
Later Evensong, & o'clock

All sittings free,

AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN
54d st, corner of Madison ave.
Sabbath evening, May 13th, at 8
.on behalf of The Peoples’ Tabernacle, Bast
The Rev. Dr Howard Agnew Johnston
will preside. Brief addresses by the Rev. Dr. George
lr. Purves, Rev Dr FO HW. Marling and others.
Singing by a cholrof fifty children from The Peoples’
Tabernacle Sabbath School
“WHE CREED WE NEED’ will be the subject of

A.C. Dixon's sermon Sunday morning in Han
son Place Bapust Chureh, Brooklyn, and Countess
Schimmelmann speaks in the evening

ADISON
CHURCH,

meeting,

\

‘
Pubite
o'ehoe
Wath st

   

 

B

Rew Publications,
“This book contains much plain talking, for whieh
afford to be without of matters pertatning to the sex
the greatest importance * Columbus (O.) Dispatch

Essentials tothe welfare of the individual and the
A. ‘Yale University), M oD, C. M. (Edinburgh

Loffer no d fenee. Its Justification will be found in
436 pages, 8vo. Postpaid, price $2.

As affected by the use and abuse of the
future of the race,

University. late Obstetrician to Columbia Hos
the body of the work desigmed t yfurnish the non pro
ual sphere From Author's Preface
lovers of truth Vew York Medical Record
E. B. TREAT & CO,,

SEXUAL INSTINCT.
By JAMES FOSTER SCOTT,
pital for Women, Washington, D. ¢
fessional man with knowledge whieh he cannot
A properly written book, whieh must appeal to all
A wealth of accurate information on a subjeet of
241-243 West 23d St., New York,

Mary
of the late Frank Mauran of

Bew Pudlications.

an A ARAL RRR me

 

 

When a book goes to press a sec-
ond time, and two weeks before the
day of publication, it means that the
public is interested in it. Such is
the case with Conan Doyle’s new
book, “The Green Flag and other
Stories of War and Sport,” of which
Dr. Doyle says in his- preface:
“These stories have this in common,
that they concern theme@lyes with
war and sport—a fact which may
commend them to the teruper ef the
times.”

The story of “Monsieur Beaucaire’’
has the fine bouquet which the past
gives to fiction no less than to good
wine, and withal there is enough stir
and action to make one look forward
to the reading of the story with keen
anticipation.

The strong friendship which ex-
isted between Dwight L. Moody,

 

Henry Drummond and George Adam |

Smith is beautifully illustrated in
“The Impressions and Facts’ by
Mr. Drummond, combined with “The
Personal Tribute” to Mr. Moody by
Dr, Smith,

The Green Flag

By CONAN DOYLE,
12mo, 5 1-8x7 5-8, $1.50.

Monsieur
Beaucaire

By BOOTH TARKINGTON,

12mo, 5 1-8x7 $-8, $1.25

| Dwight L. Moody

Some Impressions and Facts,
By HENRY DRUMMOND,

with an introduction by (ieorge

Adam Smith, 12mo. § 4-sx7 5-8, $1.00, |

These three books are to be pub-
| lished May 25th,

The Trust Problem

By JEREMIAH W. JENKS, Ph. D.,
Small 12mo., $1.00 net.

Corporations and
Public Welfare

A series of addresses by eminent men
at the annual meeting of the Ameri-
ean Academy of Political and Social
Science, at Philadelphia, April 19-20,
1900, $1.50 net.

The American
Salad Book

By MAXIMILIAN DE LOUP,

Three hundred receipts of delicious
and reliable salads, salad accompani-
ments and dressings. 12mo. 5 4-4x7 1-2,
$1.00. Published soon.

McClure, Phillips & Co.

141-155 E, Twenty-fifth St,

HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN & CO.,'S
LOVE IN A CLOUD
By ARLO BATES, author of “The Puritans,”
"The Philistines,"”’ "The Pagans,” ete., 12mo0,
$1.50,
Mr. Bates's new story revoives about anim-
aginary anonymous novel (Curiosity about its
authorship brings together the characters: and

love, society, managing, and talk do the rest
Mr Bates has told a very entertaining story

HOTEL DE RAMBOUILLET
AND THE PRECIEUSES

By Leon H, Vincent, author of “The Bilin-
taph." Artistically printed and bound, 16mo,
$1.00

A very attractive little book, giving an ac-
count of the establishment and influence of the
Hotel de Rambouillet in the seventeenth cen.
tury andofthe men and women who madeit
famous

FROM SAND HILL TO PINE

18m0, $1 25

Another volume of Mr Harte's inimitable
Western stories, of which the variety is endless
and the charm unfailing

By Bret HARTE

Sold by all Bookaellera’ Sent, poatpaid, by
HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN & CO., Boston
11 EAST 17TH STREET, NEW York

 

 

004000000000000

“Chickens Come

Home to Roost”
.. ss. By L. B. ILLES.

SEVENTH EDITION.
ILLUSTRATED.

CLOTH OR PAPER
AT ALL DEALERS

WRIGHT & COMPANY, Publishers,
1368 Broadway, New York.

Just Published

DANIEL WHYTE

An Unfinished Biography

By A. J. DAWSON
Author of ‘Middle Greyness,” ete.
A thrilling story of adventure in

Australia, and of Journalistic Life in
that Country and in London.
game ClO... . cee

For Sale Everywhere,

BRENTANOS, 3! Union Sq., N. Y.

} OOKS—All out ofp
ter on what sub
wanted, I can

 

 

$1.25

rint books supplied, no mat
ject. Write me, stating books
et you any book ever published
When in England call andinapect my atock of 40
000 rare books. BAKERS GREAT BOOKSHOP,
Birmingham, England
‘PUREE months’ use of $3,000, repayment secured,
buys third interest, unusually promising b
publishing enterprise, investtGatlon requested refer
ences exchanged. PUSH, box 121 Sun office

2 C.—Absent Minded Beggar; Sapho; Old St.
Paul's; Morgan's Freemasonry. Pyait, 161 6th av,

 

 

  

  
 
 
 

    
 

 

Mew Publications.

Books an

 

d
Their Sales.

Some Remarks on the
Soundness of Public
Opinion and the Rea-
sons for a Book’s
Success.

You can’t always judge a
| book by its sales, but you can
pretty often.

The books for which there
/has been the greatest demand
‘during the past six months
have all been books of litera
merit and fully deserve their
SUCCESS.

Take for example, Miss Chole
mondeley’s novel

“Red Pottage.”’

Its sales have been enormous
and at the same time the most
conservative of our critics have
sounded its praises—in other
words public opinion has been
sustained by expert testimony.
It's the same way with
‘*The Conspirators ”’

by Robert W. Chambers. It
has been published only three
weeks and already four editions
have been sold. What do the
| critics say about it? They one
and all agree that it’s as good a
‘love story as thev have read in
/many a day and incidentally
| that’s the real key to the suc
| cess of any novel.

| Go over in your mind the list
of novels that have had any
remarkable sale.

| With but one or two exceps
| tions they have been love stor-
ies. It isn’t) Mr. Hamilton
Drummond's splendid descrip-
| tions of combats and the page
| eantry of courts that have made

 

his romance
“A Man of His Age”’

‘one of the popular historical
novels of the year, although
‘before its publication few had
heard of the author. It is the
love affair of voung de Crus-
'senay that the world is inter-
| ested in.

| It is not the beautiful parental__
affection shown in Miss Wil-
_kins’s story

| “The Love of Parson Lord”

‘that has made the volume in
/which it appears one of the
‘most widely read that she has
‘written. It is the love of the
‘dainty little heroine for the
manly Richard.

The rule doesn’t hold quite so
hard and fast, however, in the
case of short stories.

For example, Mr.
Wister’s book

“The Jimmyjohn Boss”’

‘is certainly not attracting thou
sands of readers on its merits
as a collection of love stories,
‘for there is little talk of love
in it. These stories are fresh
'out-of-door tales of the West,
‘Stories that men, perhaps, care
/more for than women.

| Another book o! much the
same sort is Mr. Remington’s

|**Men With the Bark On.”

' Yet we fancy that the most pop-
ular of these stories are those in
which a little good healthy
sentiment appears. At any rate

‘it’s not unflattering to the pub-
lic taste to think so.

Red Pottage, $1.50,
The Conspirators, A Man of His Ags,
MWiustrated, #1.59, Tlustrated, ®1.25,

| The Love of Parson The Jimmyjohn

Lord, Boss,
Dlustrated, @1 25. I nstrated, 1.25,

Men With the Bark On,

Hilusirated, 81.25,

| Harper & Brothers,

‘Franklin Square, New York.

JUST OUT.

Thou Art | the Man:

fo n Chureh,

Owen

A suggestion stor

 

    
  

  

By Frepenic W, PANGRBORNS
Crisp, clean, wholesome and straight to the point.
A story that + als t) churched classes and ane
churched masses with absolute impartiality
Sparkling ith wit and mor, yet filled with
werk ne ' ep sincerity of purpose
It yreadi{t, tretit
Fo y all bookseller ial
Price, 25 cents, postpald, ~*

Or at all dealers

WRIGHT & COMPANY, Publishers,

1368-70 Broadway, New York.

SOME PEOPLE WE MEET‘;

       
    
    

CHARLES
RIDEAL,

\ Serles of brightly written character sketehes of
types inch pe The Salestadys, the Man "Wot"
Golfs, Won Lung Lee, The Kev. Hiram B,

Montgomery, Jackte, Bob Toughan, A City
“Gent. Mr. Levi Vindermenderheimer, Mr,
Tammany Todd, Mr. Semprontous Vardly,
Mr. Dick Druniunerton, Mrs. Whirlingay Whiz,
Miss Jessie A Walke as provided pletures ex-
hibtting ber talent Cloth, 12mo,
decoraied cover Scents the Abbey Press,
Publishers li Ath avenue, New York

ES LY SS

] ITTLE WILLIE, \
4 privately printed, $2.00 p. p. O'Shea, 1564

      

 

Lugene Field; pamphletformg

wey