"

peace 5

=e

Sed

Se OSS a Se
a

NN ————— : ==

JURY HAS GAZZAM SUIT
WOMAN AGAING? wom AN OVER
RUSBAND'S AFFECTIONS.

 

A!

Asks for Heavy Dam-
zam Who Iya Million: |
Gazram

  

a's Coansel
gee From Mrs, G

atre Causes for the Action: Mr |
Poems and Ardent Letters Arguments, |

{

Poitaprienta, May 1) The ease Mrs |
zabethS Reading of Williamsport, Pa, who |
is euing Mrs Joseph Gazzam, divorced wile of |
former State Senator Gazzam, for heavy dain }
ages for alleged alienation of the affections of
Mr. Reading, went to the jury late this after- |
|

   

 

noon. The day was e nsumed in argument of
the opposing attorneys Former Attorney:
General McCormick of Pennsylvania, represent |
ing Mrs. Reading, began the proceedings His |
arraignment of Mrs Gazzam was scathing
He said that previous to 1802, when Keading |
met Mrs. Gazzam In this city, the relations of |

Reading and his wife were happy He}
had a. pleasant home and two voung |
daughters in Williamsport, where — he |
wan respected and trusted In 1802 he
met the defendant and from that time he

treated his wife coldly His visits to his home

became less and less frequent, and finally, in
1898, they ceased altogether During these six
years evidence that was uncontradicted had |
proved that he was with Mrs Gorzam nearls
all ths time, not as aservant, as the defenes
sought tomakeit appear, but asa lover ond
companion, as was shown by the fact that
he had access to her bedroom, that he occupied
fooms in hersuitein many hotels at fashion-
able resorts: that sh* paid his bills, cave him a
dianiond stud, gold watch and chain, that ther
were at varions hotels together, constantly
went to the theatre and their meals and tray-
elled towether Mrs. Gazzam he compared
to Eve, to Delilah, Cleopatra, and
eaid that it was always the worman who led
the man astray She had taken him from
his wife by the lavish use oof her
wealth, herarts of Jove. her ondearing names,
her affectionate letters. Henamed thetrips to
New York, Spring Lake. Newport, Nvack
White Mountains, Alexandria Bay and finally |
Cornwall-on-the-Hudson, where Mrs. Gezzaim
and Reading were together

“This wealthy woman,” he said, ‘clothed this
man She owned him, she bought his breeches, |
ehe paid for his diamond stud and gold watel
She controlled him absolutely, And what isthe
defence? That she needed him in her business
in her law case, although she had five «f the |
best lawyers in the country to represent her |
When she wrote to Reading to get his aid, did
she mention No; this is what she
wrote: ‘lam leaving to the last page my long- |
ing for your company. And now until Wednes-
day good-by, and when you look at the silver
bow over the rnountains do not believe that you
are alone

“What more urgent
could be made? Itseems that Reading was at

to

 

business?

|

business communication |

 

home with his wife at this time, vet Mrs Gaz
gam tells him not to feel lonely, Again in
another letter about this time Mrs Gazzam |

wrote
‘Sunday is such alonely day
first Sunday alone, my thoughts are
Perhaps in (he beyoud, without
button, we ean b»
ively on Sunday my spirit souehe
window’ Againshe showed that aie thought |
he was alone with his
Closing, Mr. MeCormick said
“Itisafadofrich weotnen nowadays to have |
Bome man constantly dancing attendance
upon them. It isail right, perhaps, although
the wiser woman prefers lap dr But when a
rich woman lures a married man
and breaks a wife's heart, we have
force her to pay heavy daniiges bask a heavy
verdict; we have proven Mrs. Gazzam
millionaire, ifs was worth only $10,000, a
verdict for that amount would make ber smart
As itis, a verdict of thet sum would be nething

and only vour
with vou
he touchoftoa

where we wish = Instinet- |

voursat the!

wile

us
tin his home

 

|
j
1
ariawatteo |
'

fo bea

 

'

 

 

She would never miss that sums. You must ix
the dainages at an amount that wilmake ier |
BCH, ANd WOT AS A Warning toother wealthy |
women’
John G, Johnson tor the defence maint ed |
a highly sareustic vein He satd that it is |
were a case where the Commonwealth we

Prosecuting a woman for having seduced a

n there might be some syinpa
tach Of the proseeuting atrorney

or the

     

pur wheea

    

 

 

Prosecution Was bronahr for the sole purpose |
of GOLDIN Money Gut obit one mi ndulee ia
all the fine senituients + ble ote spoke
siightingls of the high soe of Mra
Reading, Which he said se einie he prin
cipal argument of the proseeutioa ind sai!
that it her social pos ion was-e biah he coud
notunderstarn | wie sie was so ansious pa
rade her trouble ond Gisgrace belore the puviic

in the ananner she tad
There bad been abeolu
in evidence that would
Woproper had takeu plice
ant and Reading, notwiillistnndau: tue tact,
that for years Mrs. Reading hod had detectives: |
following her husband and Mes caazaim, spy
ing upon them atail tines and making regular

nothing presented
i! anvthing |
‘tween the detend- |

  

     

  

reports toheroftheird ings tt was net, he |
said, for any other purpose than jiatet cect
ing his financial eondition thar Mrs mf
wrote te Reading and efieced hin the place of |

manager for whieh she paid tua Tt was for
services rendered, as had been shownin oe: en
court, that he was paid Tle worked tor the

 

money he reeeived from Mrs. Gazeam She |
was his gmot ver, Hot his mistress, and Mrs
Reading had not in her stitement dared to say

 

that she was bis paraniour

Reading left his tanmuiv, Mr Jotnson con.
tended, not because of tie lofluediee of or atee-
tion for Mrs) Gazzam, but because of the ae-
lions of his wife and daughters They drove
him from home They contracted debts with-
out his sanction and when he warned the
cease their extravagainee they failed to
the warning

Mrs. Gazzam is the duaghter of the late Jotn
Rending of Philadelphiaand Williamsport, Pa,
and she inherited the bulk of hertather se
estimated at about $1,000.00 She oa
Joseph Gazzani who cecamea State
and from he secured a divers

  

rried |
lator
In TSiu

    
 

 

whom she
She is, perhaps, 45 years old, but retains mucn

of the beauty for whieh, asa voung won Abi, sbie
was famed She has one daurhter, a town ;
house in Walnut sireet, Phhilagelolog, and oa
country plice at Cornwall-on-the-Hudson She |

says she thinks Ro Carlton Reading is her third +

 

cousin. Mrs. Reading thinks Mr Keading is not
anearer relative of Mrs Gazzam than aminth
cousin

Mrs, Reading is about (0 vears old, with snow-
white hair, and is of distinwuished bearing She
has two di Warlite moth grown up, and one
son, Whois astid at Princeton Ine head-

 

   

     

ings live in Williamsport yeeording to the
fasiimony adduced by the plaintf ine rela.
tions between Mrs Gazz and Mr Reading
date back to i802, (he year inowhieh Mr

70m secured 1 divorce from her husoand

!

Mrs fiazzain admitted on the witness stand that |

Mr. Reading ‘ay have assisted her in the d - |

vores proceedinus ecording tothe tes pnog

of Mrs. Reading and her daughter Klizaberh |
Reading and others Mrs Gazzam sir ap-

the |

|

|

}

    

propriated Mr Reading, took

country with her to summer and winter re-
sorts, paid his bills, bought his clothes and
gave him bandsome presents, sue w forte

stance, a gold watehand ehatn anda diamond

    

searf pin Finally, Mrs Reading allewed in jer
festimeny, Keacing abandoned his fanny
altogether, and, to all intents and purposes,
made his home at Mrs. Rowding's town +
country place, according to the season ot the |
yeur |

 

 

 

  

  

 

  

‘help meinany

 
 

 

  

story about her relations,
country place at Cornwa :
wa have alrendy said,’ she replied, ‘‘thatl
was desirous of securing asite in the country
for building a home and Cornwall was amoor
the places that L visited in looking for a suitable
situation. [| was pleased with the place It was
shortly after the work was commenced that I
found | was unable toattend to the details of
the constriction, and Mr Heading offered to
way that he could be of assist.
thiuk it Was until the early
took change.”

 

anc, but ldo not
partof o7 that Mr Read ne

The witness then detailec
of Mr Reading's connection with her buliding
operation at Cornwall She said that, acting
upon the advice of her attorney, she engaged
Mr Reading, and at first paid him, $50) per
month

s duties became more onerous, she agrees

 

 

 

 

ing
te pay him a monthly salary ot $100 Mr
Reading remained at Cornwali until a
few days be Christmas, 1807 His
salary oeontinn until that line ‘Ir
Keading returned to Cornwal,. resumed

his duties about the new house cod remained
there untiidane, 1898 During this period of
six months Mrs Gazzam said she, with her
daughter and maid, were stopping in New
York city, She visited Cornwall several times
during the same period, but she empnatieally

denied that she remained over night save on
one ocen- ion

The witness was then interrogated ¢s to her
knowledge of certain letters written by Mr

Reading to bis wie and danghters in Decem-
ber, 1808, and she replied that she kKoew nothing
aboni them until they were produced in eourt
here ‘These letters were in the torm of com.
plaints by Mr Reading to his family of his
(nancial condition, and advising his wife and
daughters to be very care nhin puretwsing
goods on credit, as he said he did not see his
way clear to meat the bills when they fell du

Shesaidthat she had nothing to do with the
writing of those letters

When asked what time Vir Reading joined
her in die samme: ot 1895, Mes Gazazam said
that Mr. Reading eame around fairly carvan
the summer, needed him to ' break
horses ' for her

“Did vouever bus ane elothes for Mr. Read-
ing? Mrs Gazzam was ashed i ,

‘Certainly not,” Was theanswer "Mr Read-
ing always bongbt his own clothes, bsuppese,
from the moner bpaid him for his serviees as
superintendent of my country place

Q Did you ever vive Mr Reading a g& Id
wateh and ehain? /

‘Oh, ves. That was before Lemploved him I
knew he had none, thought he should hive one
and as he had been of creat assistance to me
thought it would bea pleasant wayot ace
knowledving his services

‘And did you aise give him
pin
“Yes, but that was some time later

 

 

as she

 

 

 

a diamond searf

 

I gave it

tolim ust as twas accustomed to meke little
presents to my oer relatives the was my
third cot you know

 

“Did Mr Reading's pay go on while he wns
panving you to Hot Springs and other

 

“Cortainiv, he was my superintendent. I
would not allow him te work for nothing

Questioned about certain. letters she had
written, Mrs Gazzam made this explonation

“LP suppose Towrite foolish letters [write
and like to refer to little

    

 

often te my friends,

jokes and to make quotaiens whieh seem to fit
in PE never meant snyvthing serious by these
flight. bits. For jostance, inone of my letters

read here | referred to Lawver Townsend of
Philadelphia, os ‘my sweetheart’ ‘This was a
joke, as we were really not ou tmendiy termes
Mrs Gagvam was esked if she didn't some-
times write poetry and she admitted that she
had published a ot verse Phe volume
dito wase “Night Ftebings, by 4
If Vrs Gagzam, when she drops inte
lacks¢ ot the trae poetie inspiration,
Joos potla i sarmth of feeing Her
ies might eall } Herenre afew
chnensof her poetr ‘nat random from

 

 

 
   

nm
titled

 

  
     
   

 

ere

 

“Night Btehings
FRENADE
Come closer, heart
Come closer. reston this heart of mine

Come. reer to pari
hy presence wil bring me life divine,

Com tyme inthe nighttime Core tome tn the fay

My unand moon, my, star my love the Light to
re als

 

INSPIRATION

 

veo who knoweth naught of love of mine,
Ddrink thy spirits strengih
As those Woo, Taine, Grink wine
And ifsom> fragrance blows
Where blead and bare the path los toward the sea,

And brings me baecs the treath of alo t Araby

it blows from cf? some dead, pressed tower ‘fmm ty;
bron ome spierd silenee,

Where bean d.camef ihe !

 

Not much of!

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

veets iu your words+) rare
deed. as wete ce cid dowers
Hy the perfume on thea
Ard when wihto your free,
Who rethe as wv red dow,
My tios in a nested Kies,
crore wh
yof bliss,
ndeat gien,
t were mine
homn
vi raTH
Love er? “Toei lswear it
Dhonah the stars should crumble down,
My love would tud ara bios om,
aie oth thee with ibe erowa
th todas sheoula drop (hele muse
Deol 4 ‘ faberne roll,
Nstiacdet mens seed with thee
Would blassem mvs
It s stnararesterdd it gk th al that the
foulowiee atitied ‘ ation” and “Selee-
” iat iV teen write urerMre Gazza “
aud Resdny be@ bad a cit

SFRARAT IOS
nerve whiroll

stroma ane {or ehord |

  

heer,

 

ea eve

   

 

i toned aba cadere of bb sot,
Hhirg alin d dy wlth tone more deep and clear
Andy tforev rors willfa
Joeve ysttabie fe wertcew on my heart,
Aliw.d ery of loss through ali
Lotching that threnedy wnrere iove and tile mit
sere
Past weet
teva thy retecat'
Whotwould bbheg from thee?
Waatgf. from outthy hoard ty Cheow to mee
. .

all t treacuies gleaming there,

ioon MY wai

© Past, I ons
Pray for thatt

Wis
favorabiv ov
Night than

Nagai

 

the crits t ore

said vinat Pe spoken on
poem, lo

ot all Mrs Gazzani's verse

 

 

vO THE Sta

HMuen meal wel
rinsa mea veto
Ligh, tne a toteh
On thy bigh dladem

Days hav grows
Live buta sigh
Love lies aw
Vraying to al

dreary

 

ded

en
Pruitt
ymay
Plane

may Nepenthe
e od put
seme Rew lope

ipagal

My brainis awerry
My fotubig teat sor
wirate, Hes walliig

 

do bevermor

 

Night burn me
tliesh me ager

lieht me some to co
On the day's factig

  

hem

INHERITANCE TANERS PNEWPTED,

Civil Service Commissten Conmpites With State
Conptroller’s Request,

 

ihe S‘ate Civil Service Commission wound up

nointhe Critninai
Almost
onsidering the matter of ex
itter
to inake ens
ago the com.
nd Assistant
,andapple
PUN ITs

tou for the present ter

Courts buildir yesterday the entire

Was spent in ¢
empliots It was finally
Board of Edneation not
evemnpions Several dave
mi-sion exerapted the Treasure
freasurero: the Board of Banenth
‘Ation Was made toit to abe exer
and auatitors but the Corn

veserday that they coud not grant the
they putthe retusal on the ground
esomptions are UN Lecessary, as the
poope with any emergone that

decided in thet

 

of the

there

   

     

 

ters = fone.
cided
request
that the

  

 
        

 

 

  

    

  
 

 

 

 

 

Phe most damaging testimony given against | low tm a Oe : ea rise tty
Mrs Gazzam was that given bv Blizale Rend. | tay rise ing Inattero? appointing pavmas-
ing, daughter of the plaintif! She testitied that | ee PhOe i 4 neeting of tie beard a te
On one oeeusion, when Mrs Cingz WAs Visite | , r ae Tro fate ‘ mptro on Mom al fe

, ~adings {1 ain cike tthe wi s read | rT ot le kan in
oes aoe ‘ eee ne tt Nit whieh he suggested the exempiion of the eight
ness) had seen Mrs Gazzam sitting on a sola | NY! lax appraisers it was decided t
with Reading, with her arms around bin, 4 [Nberedace lax ap awers fovea atte a Fie \
mass of letters and other documentary ey e | rot a0 PE ni 2 tte Ww ne Whavir .
Was aden iniroduced toprove the allegasion of | ai nm Seared Ne ae ah ed eal nica
the plaints ‘ ' dies oe id ¢ ‘ Ves

Mrs.Giazzain took the stand in herownd | ed i Mr ; ae ree aoe to pte ey ans . ent

esd her tes ' ane eoore the IN sLOners e swith them

oe Praesent cto rental | Sirover an hour, and at the end of (hot tine i
latter day, wien the eourt roam wes | was antou vee d (hat the be ard had acied on bis
with the fashionable folk of Phuiadetpuia, this | SugKkestion and exempted, the appr ais rs
auestion Was put to Mrs cazzam

It has been testified here ty one of the | WONT COME TO NEWVORK FOR FUN,
daughters of Mrs Reading thatshesawvonat |
the Reading bome iin Willkimsport sitting on | oe 7
the sofa with your arms around Mr Reading 1 | Farmer Wait, Robvbed In the Tenderloin, in
want to ask if that testiinony was true Worse Plight Than the Thieves,

Aa the question became inderstuod by those Varmer Joseph Walt of Jer City swore in
resent, the courtroom became patotiudy stall | ere 4 : aa ; , ‘ : v ;
Mrs Reading and her danenter eared atthe | the erson Market police court, vesterday,

witness, who didnot return th ‘, but who |
did not appear to beat all thistered as she ans-
wered quietiv, but very tirmls

 

‘No such incident ever oceurred Any state. |
ment to the contrary ts absolutely faise
‘Miss) Reading turned a horritled glance

 

toward her mother andthe latter nudwed the
daughter and hurriedly whispered something
Mr- Gazzam was questioned about her travels
with Reading. and she adinitted that he had |
accompanied eroumarvirips tut alwaveas |
any oneoft herotner cousins would have done |
Q. Just what is your relation to Mr. Reading,

 

anvway? Mrs. Reading slawver asked

‘To the best of inv knowledge he is my third
eousin, she replied

“Third cousin? Now, Mrs Gazzan, isn't he

as far off asa ninth cousin or further?’
“TL have told you what T believe to be the
truth " |
Mrs, Gazzam was asked to give her side of the

!
|

that when in the future hed. on pleasure bent

he will seek if outside of New York On Thurs.
dav night a gang of egroes, tour women and
twomen, relieved him ot $58, at 307 Seventh
avevtpe They were arrested on his compiaint

 

but in eourt yesterday tive were
of evidence

incharged tor
Lulu Battle, who hid plaved

 

with Reading at her I

the circumstances |

As the work progressed and Mr. Read.

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MAY

a cape eens ens mene

 

METHODIST CONFERENCE.

ENLIVENING INCIDENTS IN DEBATE
AT THE CHICAGO MEETING,

 

Effort to Create a Pro-English Demonstration
Checked) The Admittance of Women to tho
Conference Gov, Shaw Advocates Ma-
chine Methods in Running Such a Meeting.

to have a

CHticaco, May 1 in endeavor
pro- British demons! ration failed in the Metho-

dist General Conference this morning The

theatre was decorated with American flags in |

accordance witha resolution passed a few days
ago. Robert Laidlaw of the Bengal-Burniah
Corference objected to the display of the
American fags on the grounds that all the dele~
vates are not Armerican cftizens, and that the
Union Jack had beeu banished from the con-
vention after its introduction a few days |
Shouts of disapproval greeted thespeaker, a
he was ruled off the floor o9 a point of order
Mr Laidiaw says he has not ivenup the faht,
but that be will present a resolution asigitg that
be displayed as well as the

 

 

the Union Jae's
American flag

Consolidation of three Me hodist mission

 

societies was referred to aspecial commis tou
to-day General Conference, and the
question of admitiiug to the great
leg.siative body of the denomination was pest-
poned agsin, going over until Monday aftera
brief debate T! of the
Commission on Revision of the Organic Taw
were coosidered d tring a pure of tie
and it wis decided to rover disputed are tions te
a committee ef fifteen appotnied by
Bishops Delecate Charles W. Smith made the
motion and it Was discussed briefly. Considera-
tion of the remaining part of the organie law
up as the first item of busi-

by the

women

e recommendations

 

sessioy

the

report will be take:
Ness to-morrow
of lowa shocked many delegotes

 

Goy, Shaw
this morning by making a strong plea jor
machine polities  H®-aid that the committees

 

apport ec

 

 

of the superintendents He deelared that
maciine polities is the best way of rurning
bodies and he tavored its introduetion into the
General Conference De Saniuel Po Cadinan of
New York took the floor and exclaimed that it
was ashame for the Conference to submit: toa
plea forimuach.ne poiitles Gov Shaw obteeied
to the appointment of a con niittee by the
Pourd of Bishops

“Lagree with the Governor of New York thet
Aachine manis not as much a nusanee asa
fool reformer,” said the Lowa Governor

Dr Buckley objected to the r-dection east
onthe Bshops, but Gov. Shaw protested that
he meant no refleetion, but that he liked the
Bishops inde» oadentl

thureh taxation in the State of California
came infor much Ciscussion during the latter
partof the session. Taxes anounting to $49,-
000 are collected from churches in teat St

ti i, keeps the chiatete
indorsing

the State in trving

 

annually ‘bhi
poverty air

 

    

1 A resolution the

action of the poople of
have echureh taxes abolished was passed by the

    

  

   

 

 

  
  

conference

In accordance with the decision reached ve
terday. section bot Article Tot he organte law
referring Inv electo ‘TeHCeS, Wits
taken wpeimar intely ut reading of ibe
Journa AN late auciene@e Was in the boxes
andgalleries to oh h-vebate, showing how
the renresentati of Methodism stand on
the question o t wo ey member
or laymen’ int ) tution

Dr A.B Leonard took the fooras soon as
the debate wos reopened, and spoke strongly
In favor of changing the Wording ot the
mooted seetion lhe paragraph was drawn
carefully, so as toexclude women, Dr. Leonard
declared: acd adeprina it “would put the
Methodist ( hureh out of step with every other
Protestant deneminaton

“Lyentaure tosayv nod legate v ho has etudied

 

)

 

the questic declared the spe ry, “doubts

   

   

that wor iwil iter tole General Conference
(Appian Wome may ecomeinby three wass
dhe firsts by constitutional process Tf veu
drop outsections Lt andSot Article HT we will

vote for every other part of this coustitution
and trust to the General Conference 10 leisinte
foadmit women ‘The third way is by
Gecsion, interpreting ‘layoen’ as refers
both sexes. Dr Leonard s spenen seemed to

hea profound la ression

ramel Hake wars Conferen sa sad
hie WOT Ws broweht up oat the
wrong tha inot Weeome Women
until the stiutional wav, by

  

ro ve ‘

 

question
and he

tered in

    
 

 

 

 

   

     

 

      
 
   

    

 

   

    
           

 

vote of the anniusl rence tharies W
Sreith of Prison moved for | over the
secon until Mendis and vas ielawed by
1 Dr Jolin Handley ot New Jersey, wl oved
1 this Mr. Metiehan of New Sores saidit woud
better to at whole cons tate "
To OUVe Th Contin obe GUST OPOVE on rep
WoVan (levee of So othern alinois Conference
opposed a Rev ieoward M ior
| Jdigois Con erence alse Was against pos tone.
ment l enker Called at ” rthe taet
) that h Yates, lav delegat 1 notnines
tof the cans ver cioverner ol wllinois, hed
return 0 hoes there Wits
One wi vith calls r Mr. Yates
Po oR Neely spoke ft the motion to promis
| Therenpen the previ 4 on was moved
' RY TWas vored to debate se nda, the
latterof Whicw rel to qualineations ¢
Geley ate my Mond
tproar simiiarttothot in a politi al conven.
hon Was orn fewoinerients by Dr bo
bevans of filing waen be introduced
Aresowton te enloree eombeun oO ©}.
pir guinst -! hes befor ”
(‘¢ ony eyrroered the pend.
Ping of theepaper Dr tiv we TO spenk
but thes us clapping of hands interrupted

ine
the sireninenvicing Walt into the house, was
held for triai, but so many vietims in similar
plight to Wait have been “ved Inter that he |

wassent to the House of De
woman's trial Hence his disgust

 

New Chairman of Railroad Branch VM. A,

Edward V. W Rossiter bas
chairmanship of the hailroad Branch of the
Young Men's Christian Association, over which
the late Cornelius Vanderbit presided for many
years,

accepted the

 

ee ee nt

finn pending the |

vars
byste

 

him
Vhis Conferens
and but

shay d ne
agai
er

more
app landi

 

respect the
dereagates stopped
F to drive me

d thers

   

e spea
howe (
ppluse

ropese to be heard, was the next state.
ment, whieh alsa evoked pots “approvwa
Wheoa Mr Fyvons hid seceded in making bin
selfheard ir Hu w took % floor and suid
tharit would be impraetiont yupply Qraker
tothe Conulerene Ihis Was abo greeted
applause The resolution was tabled ;

mtinued Dr

 

 

Pike

With

 

 

twentieth century thank offering ser

held atthe Auditerinin this evening
ishor ( Andrews presided, and addresses
vere deiivered by Judge Yates, ex-Goy Mod
Pattison, Dr. Thomas Allen and Bishop I. W
Warren

  

 

MAJOR SUITH BEATEN AGAIN,

Courts Mave No Power to Review the Order
of the Governor in His Case

 

 

§ Vhe denial by Justice Tray of the mot if
Major Clinton TH Smith for a mandamen 0
combel Mator-tien. Roe, ast wndin
OM erof the National Guard, to set aside tis
order susvending Major Smith from lis s
as an offleer of the Seventy-firet He lent
not further orders, has been aMlrned ty the
ppellatey Division ef the Supreme Court
Sinith was pended pending an tnoauire by
the Bxon ng Roard apnointed by Gey Roose.
velt foeonsi fer bis (tess to be an oMe nthe
moitha fhecopinonm of the Court theatar

thesnimeds thatofdustioe Trugax, to the

tially
effect that as the
orderof suspens on, it became an onde
cannot

Governor had aporoved the

of the
be reviewed bb he

Governor, which

 

    

 
  

courts lhe Court save
Phe Governor of ti State, nnderthe Consti-

tution, isinad> the Conus doreineChief of ¢

" ind the may tre- of the State, and

his a Voorn this reste cti@substantalls the

   

      

   

 

 

 

same ths that Vested in the Sunder the
Vedernl ( onstitution ve tnd Navy
ot the United States I sntowt whe
' Sintes has the 4 rtne ef hi
Th tee bestie side orgers lrecthons as
necessary ond proper Co vnstire order aed
I yin the Arn He enn relieve an ot
cer from e¢ moand dappeaint an eran bits
place ond d ze rit as to hove
ments « i \ring and Nas and
the Coneress has ne power to eontreal
him This res peet The Governor leave
sipbestrriticall he ne power over the
troops of the St } the President Nas over
the troopsol the tin ' heean do wh

      

 

 

 

 
 
   

 

 

  
       

ever, thos ruauinent, may be forthe best
estsof the State, eah stot} movene 0
trov wothe relieving frog or as iening oo
duty offfeersin command 1} ind one ‘
bas exercised his authority in thi t the
civin ¢ move no elect » inter 1 ’
the Cor tution and statutes the eourts ber
ney juriediets ver, and theretore cannot in-
feriere with, the management of the india

 

forees of the State

{CTOWORILE RUPATIR WAGONS,

of One Witnessed OMictals of
Brookiyn Rapid Traus't Company,

Test us the

of the Breokl
f

Several oMfeial NRapid Transit

Company witnessed a series of tests in Brook.

Ivn vesterday of emergency, or re.

 

far as contd he

kely
replaee the
the company Yiis
idopled try
ene and has

aloother pie

pair, wagor I
learned, were satisfactory,
+? t the
horse vel

hitis quite |

 

Thotor wagons will
eles now used by
of. repaw wagor
Toepoillan sysient in thins
proved suceesslul in sey
eles Seven oor the motor veurcles will be
necessary to do the general repair work on the
ws lines vl the Brovklyu Kapid Transit
tie

sen

 
  

Hibs bere iy

  

 

 

 

ee SS a eeeeeneeahan sain

STANDARD'S ASPHALT BIDS WIN,

The Company Said to Be a New Arm of the
Same Old Trust.

 

12, 1900.

—
,

|

Deputy Commissioner Shannon of the De. |

partment of Highways said yesterday that the
contracts for asphalt paving, for whieh bids
were opened on Thursday, would be awarded to
the Stundard Asphalt Company, whose bid was
about $206.0 square yard, or from 50 to 80 cents
less than those of the Barber and other com-
petine companies The Standard eompany 1s
a new factor in the business in (his eity, and its
bid was a surprise to many persons. The total
Amount of the eleven contracts whieh it has
secured is about $120,000 The most important
one covers the asphalting of Sixth avenue from
Carmine to Fourteentn street

Victor So Allien of igs Pearl street, who is
largely interested in the asphalt business, in-
formed a SUN reporter yesterday that. the
Standard company, to which the contracts wiil

eo, Was really controlled by the so-called
Asphait ‘Trust. and thas the eredit of reducing
the cost of paving belonged to the National
Asphalt Company, which boon all the con.
tracis, but ree-ivwod pone ot hain

fhetrost heard of the or,anization of this
company, and atonee got figaened Tt would
hot have done for one of the companies: which
have been getting about @3a yard tor asphait
ina in this city to suddenly cut the pries, so the
trust hiadthe Standard company put ina bid

 

 
   

COMMERCE AND THE SOUTH.

COTTON MEN FOR A MERCHANT
MARINE AND ISTHMIAN CANAL.

Resolutions of the Southern Spinners’ Associa.
tlon on the Commercial Needs of the
Hour Former Minister Barrett Declares
That “China Is the South's Necessity.”
(Hantorre, NOC, May th At te meeting
ofthe Southern Cotton spinners’ Association

 

 

| here to-day, after D. A. ‘Tompkins of Charlotte,

Arnold 2 Sanford of Boston and Leooard
Paulson of New York had mada speeches, th
following resolutions were adopted on motion

lof Mr Tompkins

! acting of legislation carrying suc) conlpensa-

of |

“tion of thy Niearagaaa Canal seoms to be due INClUding excellent examples by Perey

The bd was designed to bent ths National con. |

Pany The Standard eouraoy bas no plant
for refiningasphai, and its plant for making
roadway material is in tartiord, Conn. If it
gers the eoutriets, the work wal ta done by the
Barber company, er one ot the other trust
eOO pA AS The ssandard has no source o:

tasphaltother than the tuust anvwav.'

Bishops reflected the complexion |

 

 

 

{\ ART AND ROOK SALE,

Some of tve Things Shown tn the Collection
of (he Late Mra. ©, ¥. 8. Roosevelt.
on exhibition at the Fifth Avenue
netion Rooms a collection of books, paintings,
general bric-asbroe and furniture, antique and
moder, belonging to the estate of (he late Mrs
C VOS: Roo-evelt, withad titions, whieh isto bea
sold on the atternooos of next week and on

There js

  

 

 

 

Tresday and Wednesday evenings There are
1.583 lots catalogued. of whieh 240 are books
and 1 ore paintiias An old Imari bot.
tle, an oodd  puir «f Morocco drinking
borths, a large eartain of Chinese em-
lore ty on crimson satin, said 1a be
than, two  centunes old, cloisonne

Vases, carved Damascan and Persian brass
\ JCoootbel mahogany tatie of rieh eolor, an
lmaie teidige chair oof Damascus, carved
iWortes, arms, andan old-fashioned piano are
Among the objects seen in a glance about the
Many of the pletures are

AuetTION Toots
story pictures " OQoe is entitled “War News,"
and ti if an anxions t liv are gathered be-
hind the father and wrand ather who, seated at
the fhrest reading ‘There is A New York
Belle ofa the work, the catalogue says, of

  

  
 

i),

    

  
  

 

   

   

  

Jaganin A omarnne by George Ho Bogert,
showing a nuniber of sail off a ishing villaze, is
very dierent ino stvle from Mr Bowert's
familiar work exhibited now There is a
lands , by Jervis Mek nive, “No-
vem Ulster County, with all the
sombrenes. of the last of the fallmonths. There
sastilllife by co P Ream, adish of sugared
irawhberries, a nehot grape. with the bloon
oi the nuts and cuts of layer cake in the
keeatest deta Artur Parton» “Going to Pas-
ture presents cows fording a shallow stream,
fod Arthor Quartley has a ‘Coast Scene’ in

Whreh the surt breaks high over the outer rocks
While people the imore sheltered netuh-
boring rocks and wateh the soray. Among the
books area fest edition of the Dore Bible, Au-
dnubon's “Rirdsof America’ (New York and
Piiladelohia, 1849-1894), and Luther's works in

Diack leiter

siton

CORPORAL MURDERS A WOMAN.

Came Here From Newport Yesterday Shot
lier in Her Rooms Last Night,

Lena Wolf, 80 years old, of 314 Fast Eleventh
street met Corporal Adolph Sass, who is sta-
Seventh United

avenue jast
» to her apartments

“ht was heard and
ives next door, jumped
window into the
She found Sass
the window, but

room

with the

Third

ned at Newport
States Artillery,
and
\ minute
Katie Se
veross the air haft through a
Woll 1an's apartments
gettines reods jump from
rushed past hin into the front
Sie found Lent deine on the foorin the front
room with two wounds in her head A pistel
bullet had entered her left eleel coming outen
the right side of her neec She was aving
Policemen Lorber and Mahoney of the Fifth
street station arrived, \ hurry call was sent to

 

on

hight

 

later oa
mwrartz, who
wo
tw

 

 

 

     

          

  
 

 

Bellevue for ambulunes, but befere py

Palnearrny dl wo rded woman died
Vien tt rolice went to seereh for Sass
fidden by a pbeofrubbish in one of the eor-
s, the ound Sas At the police station it
was discovered thatone enrtridge in bis army
reve'yver had been expioded AN hour later his
brow \ m8 Bast) Bleventi: strees,
called et ition » said thet Sass must
have arciv nthis c.ty yesterday as he had

not heen hone

body of the dead

had no mone Gnth
oe fone d $tiand « gold watch
i) hast Ninth street

iter

 

THE

BIALE

iN HOLREIN, STUDIOS

Restroys a Prize Patnting by Henry Preliwitz
and Smothers G. M. Reeves's Pet Cat,

A flre started vesterday afternoon in the

ling at 150 West bifty-flfth street in

one of the Holbein s.udios, whieh was ocenpied

 

 

studie bul

 

      

by FoR Caster and Henry Preilwitz of Pe.
conic, L1 Vhe tlam e their way unseen
down into ithe p estable nted by James

       

 

of

 

  

 

MeLain, a broker 16 West Biity-fith street,
il they were discovered by Mrs Garrity,
wile of MeLain’s nan

When the fremenarived the studio occupied

 

was badiv dermaged and a vieture
Vr Preliwity, which had been
aodav oor two ago from
where i received prize, wa totally
destroyed Mr Prellwnz ts ont of town
S oodios occupled by George M Reeves and M
Promkes were danased slightly In Mer
teeves's studio Was abinek pet cut whieh was

painted) by
returned only
an exh. bitten

 

 

 

  

 

ffoeated
bast nughbt, when the tire wae
ir »the studio of CW
148 West FPilte-tift

supp sed tobe
“Wo Horthorne at
street was foundto be nfre

    

fhe fire hed apparentiv crept in unpder the
Noor The flames were put outatter they had
Co “Hent damage

FIVE POINTS MISSION IN) PERII.

Children Hastled Out es Flames Barst in the
Windows,

   

 

{stable shee rear oof the Five Points
7 on enuait esterday mernirg wi
Ay than 00 children who attend the di
ol wereat therm studies The windows of
the Mission House eaught fire and tora few
Wi s there wis an exciting tine Butthe
Promptoess of rhe teachers. tovether with the
Giitable costs wn oof the building, witeh

 

seoroptyiag of the pupils inte the
rtest erder, prevented a panie
ry body gotout unhurt

ie Mission House was dar

pte she

 

rd tio 0 andan

 

 

 

equgbarountof damage wasaone to the pear
of the house of ROG. Dun & Co, at 57 and 59
Park street, and to the surrounds Tonements,
wheh were mere or less scorched In the
stable, which was owned by Hoo. Flynn, a

horse Valued at 820 was burned to death

40P SHOOTS IN A CROWDED STREET.

Scares Handreds bat Doesn't Hit Anybody
His Prisoner Hod Got Away,

 

Poleenan kdward O'Neil fired three shote at
aArmanoin Plord avenue lust nieht, when the
re vscrowd do Nobody washitbut hun-

were seared

er hus) 107) Third avenue, for whom

   

   

 

Is vere intended, hadheen ina saloon at
forty second street and third avenue, where
e 1 omoheaw ber O'Neil, whe was
in ther neelothes, told him to keep quiet
iy peloema and was arrested
On he wav down Thirdavenne he hit O'NeiLin
the eeoand then broke away Henee the
three shots. Rusick was eiught by another

 

poueenan

‘ir, Gee Not Barred From the igh School,

An ae the inkslinging

, ' e e
epood* atthe Brooklyn High School was erro-
tying that voung Mr (ree, who was
oncerned in theallair, was no longer eonnecied
win the sehoot Mr Cee jis the Presidentof the

onnt vesterdiv of

 

 

      

senior cl and will take a prominent part in
the yradueation exercise. He has the esteem of
the school authoriues, who regard the ink-
ning ineidentas a bovish prank not to be
seriously considered i the ease of voung

so soon TO pass into the serous duties of

 

Belnont Portratt Jary Disagrees,

The jury inthe ease ot James T. White & Co
to recover $1,000 from Perry Belmont under a

 

eqniract to put a porirait and biographical
sketeliof the defendants fatner, Auaust Bel.
mont in a publeation of the plaints, dis-
agreed and wasdischarged by dusnee MeCarthy
yestorcdas Phe detence wus that the pieture
wAstioton likeness ‘The jury, whieh was out
eat hours, at first stood 7 to 5 for plainnt?, but

 

onthe tinal vote wasSte 4 for the cefencant
The Nnelge set Ube case dowa for retrial on
May 3

|

‘Resolved, Thattho Southern Cotton Spinners’
Association recommend to Congress the en-
wil stimulate the development
Amenean chipping interests under tae Amer-
jean flag, to an extent necesvary to handle
American commerce on the high seasin time of
peaee, and whieh will provide at the sume fine
such transports and wuxiliary service as may be
needed in time of war

‘Whereva, [tappears that one of the princi-
pal diffeutiies lying in the way of the constrac-

tlons as

to doubt as to whether the canal shonld be for-
tifled or not it becomes desirable for those
busineas interests for the services of whieh the
canal is proposed to formulate some expres.
sion on thissubject for the information of our
legislators, therefore, be it

“Reaolved, That this assoc ation hereby ex-
Presses itself ia taverof the construction of a
canal under the provi ions of the Hay-Paunce-
fote treaty and subject to such other treaties
as may be desirable to secure the neutral trade
ofthe eanalin timeof warand to freeit as a
commercial facility from all vicissitudes of war,
but that our Government shall be sole owner
and reserve the right to fortify the eanal ja the
event of the violation of those neutralizing

treaties,
"We approve the action of the House of Rep-
reseniatives inthe passage of the Nicaraguan
Canal bill, and recommend speedy action on the
part of the Senate

Che fouowing, introduced by A Co Miller of
Shelby, XN o©), Was passed

“Resolved, Chatin view of the growing ma-
terial interest Which the South hasin the ex-
tension of trade with China and Japan, where
the sate of Armeriean manufactured and raw
cotton las grown inten vears from $2,000,000
to $22,000.00) the Southern Cettou Spinners
Association earnestly recommends the As-
save out this session of the bill before
Congress providing for the Appoint=
ment of a commission to investigate and report
upon the commercial, industrial ard economic
conditions of Ching, Japan, and other Fastern
Asiatic countries, tor the purpose of further de-
velooment of American trade in those lands

A commitiee for the purpose of bringing
abouta meeting with the New England Asso-
ciation Was appointed  Thisevening John Bar-
rett, former Minister to Siam, spoke to the cot-
ton mill men on “Commercial Advantages of
the far Rast In part he siid

“Chingis the South's necessity. The perma-
nent industmal prosperity of the South depends
upon the extensios and protection of our
asiatic markets If the demand alone for
Southern manutactured cotton goods, whch is
rapidly increasing in China, should be closed in
the South, widespread jndustrial depression
would inevitabiv result. This fairsection would
be thrown bac Where it was before the wonder-
fui progress of the present The immeasurable
potentialities of Chinese demand are t i> eco-

 

 

 

    

SS a ee

}
'
|
|
|

 

homic complement of the vast possibilities of |

your Southern supply Therefore, the South
should unanimeusiy favor not only the legiti-
mateexpansion of our Asiatic comimeres but
the preservation and protection of the advan-
taves and interests which we already possess
[he marvellous development of the laat ten
years presses even @inore astonishing record
for the next decade. In iss# our cotton manu-
facturers exported to the far hast were valued
at only $1,890,000: in 1898 thev exceeded $10,009, -
Om, of whieh nearly 75 per cent) came trom
Southern mills Raw cotton exports in 18x80
were valued at the insignificant sum of $2,341;
in 1808 they were valued at nearly 88,000,000

“The best experts predict that during 1900
weshall sell over $12,000,000 of manufactured
cotton and $10,000,000 worth of raw cotton in
Asia. Placing the total trade ten veo < ago at
$2,000,000 and thatof the present at £22. 000,000,
we havean inerease that surpasses the world
and holds out vast promise for the future In
ten vears more. or 1ffe, the South should be
selling to Asin at least $50,000,000 worth of her
products. [ft each one of ¢ tina's 400,000,000 of
people shonld average only 25 cents expendi.
thre en cotton cloths perannumn we would have
a total consumption of $100,000,00),""

The inecting ended with a dinner to-night

  

 

 

 

NEW CUSTOMS ORDER.

Penal Duties Will Be Exacted cn
Goods That Are Seired,

Asssistant Secretary of the T easury Spauld-
ng bused rected Collector Bidwell that in the
future he must exact the increased reguiar
dity and additional duty ap to and including
)pereent on goods advanced more than So
percent, whether forfeited or not, unless the
Valuation be dae manifest clerical error
This, it was tated at the Custon: House yester-
dav, isa complete reversal of the old ruling
nnder which no penal duties were pnssessed after
woods had bean seized tl nder the lutest order
goods may be seized and sold and additional
duties must be inposed bes de

Hereafter

to

 

 

Clty Mad Dog Season Opens,

A big Newfoundlard dog liada ft in front of
Grammar School No. tat Oliver and Henry
streets at reeess vesterday and the frightened
children, whose plarmate it had been, secing it
trovhing atthe moath and snapping right and
left strmeked for the janitor” Tle enlled a
soliceman, Who chased and shotit) Policeman
fanchester shor another dog in Broadway
near Frankiin street, where the beast was
snapping ateable cars and pedestrians. They
called both dogs “'n rt

The Weather.

The weather yesterday was cloudy with a few light
seatiering showers In the middl> Atlantic and New
Era@iand States and in the district nrouod the lakes
Similar conditions prevailed |) the extreme North
west) Iisewhere throughout the country the weather
was fatr

There wadan arenof low pressure forming over the
Dak tas and Mon ana, drawing deededly warmer
weather intothecventul and upper Miasissippi Val
ley, where the maximum len perature ranted between
SH and 04 degr es
eastward

Freezing temperatice we
New Vork and northern
morning At Albany ard
wasfrom 2 toad grees below freeing

Intaseiiy the day wascloudy. with an oceasional
Nght sprinkle cf rath in the : average hu
midity 70 pereent: wind south ast average veloc
sixteen miles an hour. baromever corrected toread
M,8%92: 3 P. M., 80.08
recorded by omctal ther
thermometer at the

The warm*wave was spreading

renorted from northern
° Engiand yesterday
linmedinte vietn ty tt

   

 

ternoon

ity
toseal wel at&SA

The temperature as
mometer. ard alsoby Tie St
streetievel, ts shown in ibe

the

annexed tuple

       

Mei ai Sun's Ometa Sun's
toes TKO dO thon Taw booo,

nA. M ' An of areoM. a4 a1? y
wM ‘ 52 oP. 4 "4 ap
SPM he HA? FOS Mid. bf" ee O87
WASHINGTON FORFCAST FOR TODAY AND TO

MORLLOW

Vor Maine, New liampehire, Vermont, Connecticut

FPastern New York, eagtern Penweuinania. District
of Co'umbea, Delaware and Marylant, fair and
warmer today; Sunday fair variable winds, becom

ing fresh sonin

Fo: Massachusetts and Fr!
warmer in the interto Sunday fatr
fresh seuth

we tsland fair today

winds most

For Oblo, western Peneyivania and western New
York. fatr and warmer to day Sunday eooler and
| fale, except shower, near the lnkes: var abe winds

 

 
 
 
   
   
  
 

   
   
  

Dont
Fool with a fan

It's nm urcless exertion. There's
more concentrated coolness and
refreshing comfort in one glass of

HIRES

Rootbeer WW

than a family of fane

ean turnish, =
Writo for list of pre-
minme offere! tree
for \avels,

Cherles F. Wires Co.
Malvern, Pa.

CARPET CLEANSING

World. very detail,
THE THOS, JS watrco.
Bu ye

1554 Broadway, New York,
Erie and Sth sts., Jersey City,
STORAGE WAREHOUSE AND MOVING VANS,
Telephone, send for tuteresting cicculas,

       
   
         

  
     
 
    
 

 

 
  
  

Largest in tt

   
 

|

 

 

 

|

|

 

 

+ eee ee ceen oee a SS Te Ses a ©

Brooklyn Advertisements, chine Advertisements,

bit Mtl:

BROOKLYN.

AtExactly Half Pric

Oil Paintings & Water Colors

Our entire stock of Oil Paintings and Water Colors,
Moran, Carlton
ariists.

as unusual, but

 

Wiggins, Griftin, J. B. Bristol and foreign
Such reductions are as remarkable
we require the hanging space for new pictures, so thosa

en hand must go.
Take Elevator t> the Thrd Floor,

BANK DIRECTORS ACCUSED.

 

| HELP FOR CUBAN ORPHANS,
Recetver of the Bank Valentine Looted Wants a

Them to Make Good $300,000. | WHAT AN ACTIVE soclery NAS

New Braonswics, Nod., May 12, Damaging | ACCOMPLISHED IN ONE Yrar
accusations are made against the directors of . ens
the defunct Middlesex County Bank of Perth
Amboy, whieh George M. Valentine looted, by
Receiver ES Campbell, in the bill which he
has fled in the Chaneory Court

Mr Campbell demands that the seven direc-
tors make good $300,000. If heis successful he

 

Schools and kindergartens Founded — Work
Similar to That of the University ond Col
lege Settlements. Commendation Received
From Gen. Wood and Gen. Ludlow,

The first annual meeting of the Cuban Orphan
Society was held yesterday in the nssembiy

inay make poor men out of them. Theyare | room of the United Charities Building in Vast
( BR Watson, J.T Watson, J. L. Kearny, JG Twenty-second street, with Gen. Franc. \,
Wilson, RON. Valentine, FE. R. Pierce and | Greene, the President, in the chair Ma or-(i»,

William Ludlow, who recently returned from
Cuba, was present.

Secretary Bucks read the report of the Board
of Trustees, It said that Miss Laura) (i) 4

Patrick Convery The assets of the bank in
1801 were $526,881 91; when its liabilities were
$426,461.91, according to the receiver's
When the bank ceased |

 

 

only
statementin the bill,

business in July of last year the liabilities had | Woman of experience in Red Cross work,
increased to $472,809, or thereabouts, and the | Was sent to Cuba in May, 18990, with
ican ANNE Ltt eaea mann «| A MTT and 8 trained nur
n paragraph ee . .
charge substantially as follows: “During the , take charge of the work for the Cuban
period in which the lossesoccurred thedirectors orphans She had opened a settle nent at

met only ence in three months and at the meet-
inats did no other business than to elect officers,
receive estimates of the cashier of the earnings
of the bank during the preceding three months,
and declare dividends, notwithstanding the fact
that each director received $10 for his attend-

Santa Maria del Rosario, thirteen miles from
Havana, and it had been conducted on they lin
o college and university settlements, A pore
mal kindergarten cliss and a model kinders

ance ateaen meeting, that never during the | &4ften had been established at Havana,
whole of this period, so faraa tne minute book | An orphanage caring for 107 childeen
of the directors shows, did the said board ap. had been opened at Remedios, in 4
port a committee to examine into the affairs o district devastated by Gen. Wevler. 4

the said bank, or, as a board, or through anv
committee, or as individuals, count or correct
the cash, or make an inventory of the assets of
the bank, or compare the same with the ledger
balances, or in any oiber way ascertain the ac-
curacy of the books of the bank, nor was any
report made by any committee of the board at
any meeting thereof"

Reeeiver Campbell has paid a first dividend of
85 per cent. to the depositors

teacher anda kindergartner had been sent to
take charge of the educational work of ths
three large municipal asylums at Cienfuegos,
and a kindergarten had been established j4
connection with a similar orphanage at Guan.
tanamo.. The society bad emphasized edi
tional effort at all times, as was shown be
the fact that out of twenty emplovers
5 ren were phenaed in such enterprises, in addi-
E ‘ ‘ion to the head worker and her immediate
SUUGGLING, staff, Two trained nurses, two superinien.
dents, one friendly visitor, one housekeeper, @
dentist and a carpenter completed the staff
Phe society, the report continued, did not
yropose to establish institutions for the care of
arge numbers of « iildren, as both it and the
Government considered this duty as belonging
t) the insular authorities. The policy o! tha

  

 

EXTENSIVE WOOL

 

Big Frauds Discovered in New England—
Goods Transferred at Sea.

Boston, May 11 Special Treasury agents,

under the direction of Agent Converse J. Smith

of this city, have just found what they allege society was to start settlements, kinder

| \ 8, kindere
to be one of the boldest and most barefaced § gartens and other educational centres in
swindling schemes ever attempted at this port. | 88 Many towns of the island as possibl

The Christmas sale held in the Waldorf-Astoria
in December had netted 84,090 and the Chil-
dren's Nationa! Easter Festival, which closed

The records at the Custom House show that
Special Employee Bunn had seized :00 sacks

of wool valned at $6000, but this does not tell | April 21, had aropant in more than 828.000 In
si - in s ‘ one way an another nearly 874,000
the entire story. The seized wool was gathered had been raised i Gen” of 7 ie

up in this city, in Lawrence, Mass., and in
Bristol, Ro I. The special agents sar that as
nearas they ean estimate, fully $40,000 worth
ef wool has been smugeled into this

eountry through the port of Boston during
the past vear. ‘The wool in question is of Cana-
dian origi The tariff on wool runs from 12

society had ben suceessful largely because
of the generous cooperation of the® military
and civil authorities of the island, where excel.
lent work had been done along the same lines
by Gens Wood, Ludlow and Wilson and their
associates The trustees declared that tha
society would turn all its work over to tha
Governinent in the near future

cents to a8centsapound Theseized wool will | William T Wardwell, the treasurer, reported
be turned over to Collector Lymanand soldto | that the expenditures during the past vear
satisfy the claim of the United States | were $30,697 There is $34,000 on hand

Special Treasury employee Bunn, stationed at | John P. Fanre announced that Mra. Mary
Hastport, Me, learned several months ago that | Hatch Willard, who made the Cuban fair a suc-
large quantities of wool were being shipped ; ¢ess, Was unable to be present hee
from the provinces by wav. of St. John ! cause of the death of a relative. Mr.
to Grandmaran Island, off the  Kast- | Faure read the report she had pre«
port coast He saw the big sacks of | pared Gen Greene made a short
wool joaded on British «steamers, and | ¢ddress telling of the importance 0° edvcat ne
determined to shadow the steamers He | Cuban children) Heread a set of re-ol tons

found that the ships were metatsea by Ameri- | the trustees had adopted thank na Mre Willard
eanschoonorsand that the wool was trans- | for herwerkin vetting op the fair. The tris-
ferred to these vessels, who brought it to the | tees, hesad, had personally bought a fine silver
Maine coast, after which it Was teamed to a) VAR? to Dreaent to her
railroad station between midnight and day- Gen. Greene then called on Gen. Ludlow ta
Nieht and loaded aboard freight ears for New | make a few remarks. Gen. Ludlow said the
England. [tis expected that arrests will soon | society had done splendid work in Cuba, as ha
be made. could assert from his own observation. No
other association had done so much good there,
Gen. Greene read a letter from Governor Gene
eral Wood of Cuba commending the society 6
work in the isiand.

TOAN COMPANY

MISCHIEF¢MAKING GAS METER

Rlew Up and Caused a Fire- Then There Was
a Fight for the 61.50 Inside of It.

 

MAN ARRESTED,

 

There was an explosion last night in
. , : »}
the double a ker tenement sd oe and | APpropriated Money an Agent Deposited as
» t 2h .
- a — cea ig a ee Secarity, and Didn't Lend.
exclusively rN VeeTOes, ne er | ’
b ledebdediads Toes , Central OMlee Detectives MeConville and
flames shotup the airshaft about seventy-five ,
7 | Barrett yesterday arrested in his offfee at
excited persons of color rushed into the street. | 400 Broadway Ses .
When the flrennen arrived they poured consid- | °* roadway Everett F Mart
erable water into the cellar without apparently | who is said to be the head so?
affecting the fle. Thenit was discovered that | the Prov.denea Trust Company a
it wasasas meter that had blownup,andas | : ; ’
) a warrant charging him with grand larceny

soon asthe gus was turned off the flames died
and he was locked up at Police Headquarters.

 

away. The loss did not amount to over $50 |
A fireman picked up the meter and threwit | Samuel Green of 1292 Put eats :
into the street When it struck the pave. | fe i t e02 ; itnam Ay " Kr =
ment te erowd heard the rattle of | n, ma es the foomnlaint He aver that
coins, lor it) was the drop-n-quarter-in- | Martin appropriated to his own tise $150 of
theeslot kind of a meter There was o | (Green's \ ,
iInoney, deposited by Green as securig
nisi bv the negroes and a free fight for | for hix honesty witen s AAMnanT ue ven
the possession of the meter Five policemen | him by Martin The company was a ads wee

station managed to
before the meter

from the bast 126th street

eer, and when : ’ 8
separate the fightors, but not and when appliount

posits complained that

vhe
they

had mide

oe
gotone '

  

 

 

was smasiied and the eoin divided The police | Greene i
( ' A ZOtL ANIONS about mevard
say that the spe. amounted to about $1.50, Marti ms ave Lda gpout be - oe ng ’
— the Hosp Bartholdi under the mane Fred
ta , erick Marshall His company has oocumed
. : ‘ an t
4.01. PHILLIPS S BURGLAR CAUGHT, | omeos at 920 Broudy ay fora month
: ; Winifred Robinson, who also lives at the hotel
Last of a Giang That Operated in the “Dia- | and wasa friendo! Martin's, was nrrested there
mond Back District’ Confesses, ie ’ ~~ might by goniral Offlee detectives and
ocked upin the ereor sir i ! "s
Detectives MacCouley and MelLaugniin of | a suspicious person At Po “idea rt ‘
the Last) Fiftv-first street station caught | Was said that she was not wepted in cons: 1
another burglartast night who they think is | Sih Martin's case but by the Boston polio tut
y other crookedness
the last oof the gang that have been
working in the “diamond-back — distrie:,”
, MORE JAP SE ;
hear Fifth avenue, for the last three weeks SAPANGES AER

Phe prisoner, who wes picked up on suspicion
at List avenue and Bortyesixth streot, said
thathe wasdohnd) Jackson of 424 Bast Forty-

Japan Tries to Cheek the Emigration, Fearlom
Restrictive Legistation

 

seventh streer acattle driver in the Fast side \
| . . 5 eronta, BLC., Mav tb The shntd
slaughter hotse. 7 ) '
Beiore he had been under arrest ten minutes | ¢8@ Continues Veda tia atoniner + if
von suid that he wanted to make a cone | rived here wath O20 more Tilesoft a a
‘ on then he told about a $2,200 diamond lar papers brougit by the Sik! hat Heid

 
 

   
  

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

Su e-store NU emnnliteeeieedbeenennesemeneinmntiiemesanemenamenats

robbery at the home of Asher t, Phillips, 23
Rast Forty-eight street, on the evening of | tothe alarm exeited int niericn '
Apriias ite was only the “outside” man on | of Japanese emigrants and ihe po ’
ut iob. he maid, and he named Kichard Rave | of anti- lapanese lerisiation. the Ge t
mord, the burglar enuaht by MaeCauley on j
Puursday night, as che one who really got Mrs | bs attempt ns to divert th tre ,
Phillips'’+ jeweirs Population to Borne ma ' )
- island of Ho chaide Vil the imd
Syracuse Woman Hecomesa Millionairs Min» re a uote Seca
o ihe tide toware rime
Owner in Mexico, SAN) Prasecisen, fuyvo ow lhe oa a
Dinance, Mex... May i Mrs. Marv yp) | Steamer Amerion Maru vol tonda
. ° COT) She brought: ent t
Craceot Syracuse, NOY, has just come into Siac . a yea Abin in
full possession of the Bismare’ and Vaeas mines fhe steamer Coptie sailed f
inthe State of Duranwe, the lower courts have ! Kong, currvings 2a dacane '
ing carried out the decree of the Supreme Chines® who were deported tise tt 4
Courtot Mexico, affleming her title te the pro- | contract laborers
perties ‘The nines ore valued at $7,000,000
= Loving Cup for Joseoh ©, Mendris
Coroner's Verdict Against Garrabrant, 1") ' f tt ' '
1@ director. o the ie 1) '
(orocer Delaney held an inquest last r Union Par ata final mor ‘ ' {
we aha, ate Bch) Thbeterti tar
at rhe Court House in Jersey City in the case presented to the former Pree ad:
of Henrs Maas, the fifteen vear eld pov who) Hendrix, a lovias eup te eenan ‘
was murdered lat Saturday by John Gorra successinl ad stration of the affine .
brant The jury returnec i verdiet | bank

that Maas came to his death at the

Gaarcabrant

hands of

 

A Loving Cup for Moses May,

The trusteesof the Brook!vn Hebrew Orphan
Asylum have presented Mose. May, the Presi.
dent, with a silver loving cup, in recogninon of
bis le ng Continued interest in tie institution

 

   

Promotes the growth of the halr an!
gives itthe lustre andalliiness of youth
When the haly is gray or faded ft
BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR.
It prevents Dandruff and hair falling
and keeps the sealp clean and healtiy.

BROOKLYN.

 

Vdward A. Leasu @ was indicted yesterday for mur
derimthe fest dec, vn Maren 2u last be shot and
Killed) orge Croty ti Pifty turd st eet acd Unird
avenue, Toe tenis @ trew outof Crody'’s atenttous
ty Leasure's wile Le sue pleided not gulity intne
County Court and Judge Aspina.d remanded bim to
Jail to ewalt trial

 

reer ascresiel

    
   
 

 

 

———- =