BANASTAR BRINGS $11,000.

\oren ROUGH RIDER, CRAI@ W,
WADSWORTH, HIS BUYER,

of the Late Hon. W. H. Clark Thor-
ds Realizes 637,050—George EK.
smith, Louls V. Hell and the Hitchcocks
Among the Other Successfal Hidders.

he maguet at Morris Park track yesterday,
= absence of racing, Was the dispersal sale

   

TARE

fale
oaghbre

nthe fine stable of thoroughbreds of the late
e a Hl clark ‘There was a big crowd
ee the improvised ring in the paddock,
sow ouinent. Lorsemen were not largely
” bee [he red-letter event on the
OT ane was the sale of  Banastar,
beige year’s Brooklyn Handicap

last

when tae

~ aasied inthe racing men around the
wn .

cc ineluded Charles Reed, F. R. and T. Hitch- |
ey sik Rollins, Thomas Walsh, © T. Pat-
wee mes Galway, P. J, Dwyer, Matty
Roasett Charles Brossman, Cralg W. Wads-
worth, George f Smith, T. H Shannon, Louis
y Bell, B. Murphy, M. Hoffman, W. 1. Oliver,
Jim Met afferty ar dA J Joyner

fow of these showed any desire to bid

 

 

’

 

on wee noted five-year-old sonof Farandole—
Blessing, but Hilly Oliver at once came to the
tr nt wih an offer of $5,000. C. W. Wads-
worth, dack Joyner and McCafferty raised
each other oo until five flgures were

fhen Mr. Wadsworth bid $11,000 and
the horse Was knocked down to him, Banastar
Jooked well and ‘Trainer Matt Allen asserted
that he is 48 good as ever he wasin his racing
career Ur fortunately the horse's early engage-

: a» yoid but he has been entered by the
ee estate for four important handicaps at
ew Wadsworth 1s no novice at the rac
ing game, but while off on active service with
the Rough) Riders he had to deny himself “the
vortot ines He is now evidently bent in
Taking up for his enforced absence from the
tracks, as (1) addition to Banastar he purchased
sominale, & handsome bay colt by Troquois

(wauta, for $3,000, and Lucky Bird, a three-
year-old gray colt by imp Rossington-RenaB,
tor $2,000 Both have Saratoga engagements

to the star of the sale, top price was

reached

 

    

  

m.. hed by. Mayor Gilroy, the three-year-old
bay coltby imp Albert Lida, who ran prom}-
nently stukes last fall) George EF. Smith
fattsbure Phil) secured him for $3,200, after

gnirited opposition. There was also. strong
demand for the two-year-old bay colt, The Mus-
jeteer, by imp. Masetto Sis Himyar, and he
cost M MeDonald $3,000 Louts V. Bell outhid

    

 

  

the others for Sweet, Tooth, aracy looking
brown twe ir-old by imp Conrad--Too Sweet.
The colt brought 50) ;

TheHitcheoek br thers sec ired one of the prizes
of the collection, in The Rose, a four-year-old
bay mare by Miser” Monte Kosa. She showed

very well and could boast besides of a winning
record in her last two seasons. Sha fs engaged
at Saratoga and will probably win herself out
{{shetrainson ‘The Hitehcocks also bought
asplenddly furnished fly, Light Blaise. She
fsa powerful bay two-year-old, by imp. St
Rlaize -Active ind seemed to be a good in-
yestment at $1,200

T H Shannon. bid $1,600 for the useful
eprinter, Candle Black, but an hour later he re-

  

gold tod © MeGill at the same price A
buyer who gave the name of Picker found littic
opposition When he made an offer for Plhimed
hue two-year-old son of Lissak, After

 
 
 

he voungster for 8150, Picker explained

secur
jeer Kaston that he did not know it

fo Au
was a thoroughbred sale and that what he
realy wanted Was a useful truck horse. His

 

mistake proved profitable as he had the colt
resoidatan advance of $75

The sale was conducted by the reorganized
Fasig-Tipton Company which recently decided
to conduct athoroughbred annex to the harness-
horse business for which the old firm was noted
The results were satisfactory and realized §$37,-
610 for thirty horses, an average of $1,265a head.

 

  

Summary
Harry M'Coun, bu ¢., 3. by imp. Ben Strome
Acta, P. Lewis. . $425
Lucky Bird, g ¢, 3, by tmp, Rossington
Rena Hb) ; Craig W. Wadsworth . 2,600
Round Up, boc, 3, by tmp, Rossington
Unite, O. W. Timberman ‘ 400
Litie Breeches, ch. ¢, 3, by Extle-Sar-
mienta C, Steinman. . ’ 800
Mayor Gilroy, bo e. 3, by Imp. Albert—Lida;
George FE. Smith .. . $200
Value True, boc, 8, by Prince James—luka;
1. Sennett . 475
Midnight Chimes, bik. f., 3, by imp. Her-
mence—Glene: J. Mayden 400
The Oriol, ch. f.. 3, by Potomac— Thrill;
Fred Fox ' 225
The Outeast, b. ¢. 4, by Imp. St. Blalse- Sar
mienta;, W. Tim verman 100
The Bouncer, b. c., 4, by Miser Rebound
Charles Reed A756
The Rose, bo m., 4, by Miser- Monte Rosa;
PR & T. Hiteheock 2,000
Ranastar, ch. bh. 5, by Parandole~ Blessing;
Cralg W. Wadsworth . 11,000
Candle Black, bh. 5. by imp. Candlemas—
Tula Blackburn, T. H. Shannon 1,600
feet Tooth, br. c., 2, by imp Conrad—Too
Sweet, L. V. Bell 2,250
de Ways, ch. ¢., 2, by Jim Giore-Gadding;
) W. Timberman 950
TheLad. ch. ¢, 2, by Jullen—Elspa; G, L.
Johnson ‘ 475
Fagefleld, b. ¢., 2, by Clarendon —Bridesmaid;
P Lewinski , 550
Pat My Boy, bre, 2, by Imp. St Blalse-
Crulskeen; P. Lewinsk! 375

Light Blalse, boc, 2, DY St. Blatee—Active;

     

FR. & T. Hiteheock 1,200
Oadlty {., 2, by Senator M.—Ellen D.; P,
Lewinskl . or 100
The Muskeeteer, bo ¢.. 2. by imp. Masetto—
Sis Himyar; M. MeDonald. 3,000
Plumed Knight, b.¢., 2, by Lissak -Agnes
Motaney: A. Picker genes 150
Ready Monvy, br. f, 2, by imp. Pursebearer ~-
Bengaline; Charles Hill ; 350
Seminole. b. ¢., 2, by Iroquois Ossute; Cralg
W. Wadsworth 3,000
Harvest Moon, ch c¢., 2, by Golden Reel; M.
Walters : 150
Hollow Wood, bf, 2. by Jim Gore—Bam boo;
JE. Murphy 275
Blonde Grayson, ch. f, 2, by St. Julien—Par-
ish Queen, ALG, Handield 125
Fidelitas, b f. 2, by imp. Mariner—Pidella;
Charles Reed 175
, idle Chat, eho f, 2, by Belvidere-imp. Mrs.
Gossip S. Lawlor $25
Pet Murphy, ch. f, 2, by Racine -Maggle R.;
M. Hoffman . 200
Total for thirty head .. $37,950
Average 1,265

The Overhauled Kanawha Speedier Than Last
Year.

ho steam yacht Kanawha in herrun to New
London on Thursday showed that although
hotintrim for faat work, she is much speedier
"us year than last season, She has been at
i yards of Seabury & Co., at Morris Heights,
ane overhauled, and the trip was made to
see how her engines worked She left the
Yardseariy in the morning and went slowly
iol Throggs Neck was reached) This was at

; Kkinthe morning. The times noted
On the trip were

 

 

      

   
 

« Eateutton Mt, 11.99; Captain's Istand, 12:05;
Walford Light, 1.44, New Haven Light, 2:06; Faulk
ner VIsland, 240, Comf@eld Light Vessel, 3:20; Bart
" S Tet Light Vessel 4.01; New London Light,
414 Port Trumbull, 4.20; Chappell's Coal Wharf,

: Forced draught was used only a part of the
‘rip, and deck house of rough lumber covered
he yacht from stem to stern. Thera was a
are pile of lumber on the port side, which
Fave her quite alist. The yacht will be put in
con, Ussionds soon as possible. Stuart Dun-
(48, son of the owner, will be married on June
to Miss Jermain Stoddard, and the young

ronnie Will iuakeashort trip onthe Kanawha
G@ter the wedding

 

 

 

Trap Shooting,

NA day pleeon shooting competition took place

ee Park yesterday, and Capt, John L. Fox
tdevery bird he shotat) Summaries follow

five Live Hirds per Man—83 entry fee, birds extra—

 

    

ap 6. Hopkins, 2 yards, 5; Willlam H. Hopkins,
‘ $ F Tracey J. 4. Dr. Louls H. Bill, 29, 4;
au inier Hindicap--Seven live birds, $5 a car.
ie 1 eXtra—Morfey, 30 yards, 7; J. Hopkins,
319 tery. 28. 7, Capt. For, 31,7; Capt. Money,
Hin Het Mardey, 20. 7, BH Le Roy, 30, 6; W. H,
tf BL Cannon, 28, 6; SoM. VapAllen,
bp oy i Mls H. BLL 28, 5: GW. Hagedorn, 27,
x. Kearney, 24,3: W. J. Lemmermann, 29, 5,

Handicap—Ten birds, $7.50 entry,

 

cr ; Th four moneys—Dr. Bill, 20 yards, 10;
ye ye 10, E. Banks, 28, 10: C. Steffens, 28,
i: H Dkins. 24, 9, W. Hopkins, 25, ¥; Capt
ae a 0 LeRoy, 49, 9; Cannon, 26, 9; Lemmer-

Dr. George V. Hudson, 27, 0: ‘Tracey,
AO, 5: Hagedorn, 27, 7; Larkey, 20, 8:
*. Adam Dietzel, 27,6; Van Allen, 29,
“". 7. Thes divided,
bide Lote Handicap -Fifteen birds, $10 a corner,
J four thoneys--Capt Fox, 31 yards, 15;
') Leltoy, $0, 15, Steffens, 28, 15; Lem-
Heo 15 W. Hopkins, 2%, 14; Dr. Stillmann.
yy wih 28. 14: Banks, 28,13; Van Allen,
Wellbrock, 27,18: Hagedorn, 27, 18;
Dietzel, 27,13; Dr. Casey, 29, 12;

  
  
    

 

 

 

 

Hil, gy 9. hs Meader, 80, 12; J. Hopkins, 24, 7; Dr.
Enty att ry » divided

Tide, 10: Mortar’ s Ten birds, four moneys—Fox, 31
20.10: Bangs oy) ogi, LeRoy, 30, 10; Larkey,
20 Dec co: 4, Steffens, 25, 9; Lemmermann,
$ ‘than, 27,0; Otten, 28, 10; Dr. Casey,

20, 8 - M
"4; Dietael, 27, 8, Wellbrock, 27, 8: Cannon, 26, 7.

Heats for the Interscholastic Champion-
ship.
Nal beats In the bleyele races for the New
a Sik, sat championship were decided
Wit) Oval yesterday afternoon, ‘The light
Shile lhe races were in progress
. 2 poor condition, Le Roy See,
Dot he abet rool, besides winning his heat in
‘rd of-amiie and one-mile races, broke
‘latter by 17 seconds, Summary
One thir :
Berkeley! s ie Mile- First heat won by LeRoy See,
School se tl LP. Polhemus, Je, Cutler
Rog Time, 45 seconds, Second heat won
Hurry ol hlge Columbin Grammar School; R. 1,
One Min echool, second. ‘Time, 42 seeonds.
LP’ Polteng vst heat won by Le Roy See, Berkeley;
tis seounds” ur . Cutler, second, ‘Time, 2 minutes
Columbia Gramn econd heat won by R. G. Strange,

mar, D. W
® 2 minutes 20 1 senna” Berkeley, second,

Trial

The tr
Yori
lastle

 

 

 

Me a eae

 

Stake Features Make Up an Attractive Card
for Morris Park To-day.

After the customary Friday recess the West-
chester Association will resume racing at
Morris Park to-day, The card is the best
yet presented, not even excepting the open-
ing programme of a week ago, when

there was such a bumper gathering to
see the Metropolitan and Juvenile de-
cided These events count little with the

old school of horsemen when contrasted with
the historic Withers, which is the red-letter
event for this afternoon. The time-honored
stake was instituted at Jerome Park as far
back as 1882 and was transferred to Morris Park
in 1800. It has always been associated with the
names of horses that became popular idols;
such as George Kinney. manover, Sir Dixon

‘ammany, Dr. Rice, Domino, Octagon and
eap meraud
Whether any worthy successor to thesa ce-

lebrities will materialize to-day is the question
which will attract thousands to turf headquar-
ters. Thirty-four of the 125 candidates origi-
pally nominated are still eligible, but the prob-
able list of starters sent out last night is limited
tonine. Quantity does not figure in a race of
this kind particularly when those left in repre-
gent the cream of the three-year-old division.
August Belmont’s Biloeram proved his merit
a few days ago and Iidrim is entitled to class up
with him. Magnificent has appeared twice to
advantage, while the rival two-year-old stars,
Mesmerist and Chacornac are said to be right
on edge, Kilmarnock has been keyed up to
wipe out his failure in the Metropolitan, and
David Garrick’s credentials are vouched for by
the fact that Pierre Lorillard names himin
prefereuee to Maribert, who won In such gal-
ant style recently,

The Withers will be preended by the Fashion
Stakes for two-year-old fillies, and several blue-
blooded youngsters that have already run
prominently are engaged. In addition to three
other promising events, there is the New York
Steeplechaso Stakes, for which nine clever

umpers are slated. The entries in full are as
ollows:

First Race—For maidens, 3 years old and upward;
the Eclipse oourse

  

  

 

   

   

 

Windmere ..110 | George Le Bar....... 107
Chartiess vee 110 | Cephalalgia. . 107
Lord Baltimore. ..... 110 | Petruchio... 107
*Kimmage 110 | Sanitary... 107
Favontous 110) Limelight 107
Bombshell .....4....110 | Gold Lace... 105
Pr mature vo. DLO | Belle of H... +105
Devil's Own 110 | Basilisk 105
Speettic 110 | Beautiful... .........105
Nansen ». 207 | *Camdda...oceeeeees + 105

* Goughacres entry

Seeond Race Yor two-year olds; selling; last five
furlongs of the Eclipse course
The Blue Coat 107 | Zhegfeld...............100
Screech 106 | Flertwing . 90
The Golden Prince 105 | Connie oy
The Snapper 195 , Lambkin.. 9s
Sentry 105 | Militant 97
Quickshot 103) Quiz Il.... ws
Voueh 103 | Malden....- v2
Phosphorus 192) Moor soos 02
Gold Heels 102

Third Race-The Fashion Stakes, for fillles 2
years old, last four and a half furlongs of the Eclipse
course

Empress of Beauty .119 | Mintage 119
Harlem Lane 119) Capand Bells liv
Aud 110) Ashes ‘ eiavele
Mary McCoy 110 Sereech 110
*Princess Pepper 11 Queen Pepper ..... 119
*Lady Greorglanna .11¥ ) Anecdote. lly

*Pepper entry
Fourth Race -The Withers Stakes, for three -year-
olds: the Withers mile

Kilogram 126 | Mesmertst saeedae
Hammock 126) David Garrick 126
Iiditim 126) Kilmarnock... 126
Mischievous 124 = =Chacurnae 123
Magnificent 126

Fifth Race—Handicap; one mile and a sixteenth
over the hill

Latson 126) “Ten Candles 111
Raffartlo 126 =©Grayfeld 100
Half ‘TMme 118 Kotght of the Garter low
Maaimo Gomez 118 = Lindemere 106

Sixth Racee—The New York Steeplechase; about
two miles

 

*Diversion.. 168 | *Cosmopolitan........137
Vanship ... 163 | *Cousin Jess 137
Trillton .... 163 Ronkonkoma 135
Dare All 156) Plaglarist over 332
*Dave S. 153

*"Chambletentry. Clyde entry.

Results at Lakeside.

CHICAGO, May 11.- Notwithstanding a rather un-
inviting card at Lakeside to-day 4 good crowd was in
attendance. Favorites were worsted anda disconso
late lot of players Journeyed back from the Indiana
@ust. Hut the sport was, on the whole, good) Exmoor
the hot thing fn the first, ran away for two mile
veteran Freeman being unable to bold the animal on
account of arubber bitin its mouth In the third race
Manilian ran Into the barrier, unseating Flick, and
ran away three miles. A fleld of eighteen delayed the
startin the final event and Dwyer finally despatched
the lot without Tony Honig. Summaries

First Race Four furlon®s-Mouey Musk, 1090
(W, Dean), 10 to 1, won; Bottus, 107 (J. Miller), 8 to
1, second, Boomerack, 110 (L. Rose), third. ‘Time,
0:40,

Second Race—Seven furlongs— Duteh Comedian,
124 (Caywood), 6 to 5, won, Insurrection,
(Moody), 3 to 1, Second; Microscope, 110 (J. Martin’,
20 tol, third. Time, 1.5044.

Third Race—Sixz turlongs-Alpaca, 100 (Ro Nar
vaez), 4to1, won; Sam Fullen, 100 (Silvers), 4105

 
  

second; Rosa Dish, 98 (C. Booker), 10 to 1, third.
Time, 1:15%.

Fourth Race-One mile-—Caraboo, v2 (T. Knight),
6 to 5, won; Hub Prather, 106 (Moody), 10 to 1,
second; Prestar, 110 (McCann), 2to 1, third. Time,
1:43,

Fifth Race—Five furlongs—Dandy Jim, 114 (R
Narvaez), 5 to 2. won; Icon, 106 (Moody),8 to 1,

second: Benson Caldwell, 108 (Lb. Rose), 10 to 1, third
Time, 1.12.

Sixth Race—One mile—Astor, 113 (Ro Narvaez, 4
to 1, won; Rollins, 113 (.!. Martin), 10 to 1,
Tillte W., 111 CB Seherrer), 19 to 1, third

1:48'9.

rime,

The Winners at Louisville,

LOUISVILLE, May 11.--Poor starts were the order
at Churebill Downs today. There was no stake
feature, a free handicap being substituted, twas
won by Tragedy in a driving finish with Hanele,
Foneda, His Excellency and The Rush, The last two
named received lengths the worst of the star. Sum
martes

First Race--Selling, two year-olds; four furlongs—
Osear, 106 (Mason), 34g to 1, won, Fp, 105 (Wink
field), 6 to5, second; The Auditor, 114 (Vandusen), 4
tol, third. Time, 0:40

Second Race—Three-year-old fillies, non winners;
seven furlongs~ Unsightly, 112 (Vandusen), 4 to 6,
won; Etta, 112 (Michaels), 12 to 1, second, Anthra
cite, 112 (Duper), 6 $01, third, ‘Time, 1:24.

Third Race—Free handicap, six furlongs: Tragedy,
103 (Howell), 6 to}, won; Bangle, 122 Boland), Sto
1, second; Foneda, 05 (Wedderstrand), 4 to 1, third,
Time, 1:33%

Fourth jRace- Gelling one mile
Attorney, 84 (Walsh), 15 to 1, won
som), 2 to 1, second; George B. Cox, 105
w |, third. Time, 1:413,.

Fifth Race — Malden two-year-old coltsand geldings;
four and a half furlongs—Hob Baker, 114 Wink
fleld), 808, won: His Emigence. 115 (Vandusen), 5
to |, second; The Conquerof, 113 (Dupee), 15 to l,

Commonwralih's
Indian, 88 +Ran-
Boland), 4

third, Time, 0:55

Sixth) Race--Selling; onemile—Three Bars, 311
«Winkfleld), 15 to J, won; Hurricane, 107 (Dupce), 2
to 1, second; Clara Meader, 102 (Hirschberger), 20 to

Time, 1:41,

Football and Cycling at Yale.

New Haven, May 11.—Capt. F. G. Brown of
the Yale football team has closed the spring
training. About four hundred men have been
practising daily since April 19 at Yale Field
They were drilled mainly in catehing and run-
ning back punts, tackling and falling on the
ball. The main idea was to give the men sonie-
thing to discuss and think about during the
long interval elapsing before the hardest work
is commenced, Capt. Brown Is well pleased
with the squad,

The one set-back here this spring in the mat-
ter of athletics js the announcement that th
will be no dual bieyele games between Yale and
Columbia, The team, under the supervision of
Capt. EA. Strong, Was the most promising
one for years. Everything was in readiness
for the meet at New York on May 19, but yes-
terday it was learned that the track upon
which the races were to be held cannot be
finished by that date

1, third.

  

Montclair High School Boys in the Field,

MONTCLAIR, May 11.-—The annual games of the
Montelair High School A. A. were held this afeernoon
on the grounds of the association The results were

100-Yard Dash-—-Won by Willlam Haggaley; Rowe
Ayers, second: J Adoward, Jr, third. Time, 1035

seconds. i
480-Yard Run— Won by James Calder: Bert Lyford,
second: Arthur Camp, third. Time, 2) minutes 12

seconds. . E
120-Yard Hurdle- Won by John Howard, Jr;

Cairus, second, William Dodge, third, Time, 14 3°!

 

 

seconds fa 2
100-Yard Dash, Junior—Won by T. Dorman; Wal
ter Decker, second; Shirley Nichols, third. Time,

1045 seconds, beating the school record by two

fifths of a second
440 Yard Dash—Won by Willfam Dodge; James

Calder, second; Howe Ayers third. Time, 5745
nds.

oon ard Dash, Junior—Won by_T. Dorman; S

Nichols, second; C. Decker, third. Time, 25 1-5 see

ds.
ona-Yard Dash, Senlor—Won by William Bagea

ley, J. Howard Jr, second; Hubert Webb, third.
Time, 24 2 5 seconds

One Mile Run -Won by James Calder; R. Mac-
Naughton, second; 0. Bromer, Third, Time, 5 min
utes 11 3-5 seconds,

220-Yard Hurdle—Won by J, Howard, Jr; Willlam
Dodge, second, Carrington Howard, third. Time,

29 3.5 seconds.
Class Relay Won by Webb, Lyford, Baggaley and
Calder, 1900; 1901, second, 19°92, third. Time, 3
minutes 51 seconds.
High Jump—Won by Edward
Lyford, second, W. Baggaley, third.

Catrus; Herbert
Height, 5 feet

hes.
* ule Vault-Won by J. Baldwin; Rodney Stuart
second; Allan Brown, third. Height, § feet 3 inches @

y Willlam Bagea

Throwing the Hammer -Won ca

ley; J. Howard, Jr, second; H. Webb, Third
tance, 96 feet 2 Inches, :
Shot Put-Won by RK. Barnes; James Calder,
second, W. Baggaley, third. Distance, 34 fees 4

"2 Jump—Won by. Rowe Ayers; W. Batten,

mene. Cairus, third. Distance, 10 feet 10 inches.

1 the Discus—-Won by W. Baggaley; BR.
avin somes; J, Barnos, third Distance, ¥évet 10
tochea

    
 

 

BASEBALL,

Philadelphia Beats Cincinaath tn the First
Game Between East and West.

The first game of the year between Fastern
f the National League oo-
curred at Cincinnati yesterday, when the Reds
crossed bats with (he Philadelphias, The heavy
hitting Quakers continued to show the great
stick work they exhibited in the games on the
Eastern cirenit, and won by a seore of 20 toll,
They atill lead the race by a comfortable mar-
gin, but the defeat of the ¢ incinnatis puts that
club tie for second honors with the Brook-
lyns. ‘The only other seheduled game that be-
tween the Bostons and Pittsburgs--was post-
Tho results:

and Western clubs ©

poned on account of rain,
Philadelpiita, 20; Cincinnatl

 

At Pittsburg—Rain.
THE RECORD,

Per t én
Clubs. W. OL, Cent. | Clubs. W. L. Cent,
Philadelphia. d?2 5 .706 Pittsbur®..... 8 9 .A7l
Brooklyn 0 7 8435) Chicago, 810 .444
Cincinnatl.... 9 7 50d | New York.....6 9 .400
St. Louls 8 8 .500 | Boston 510 .333

PHILADELPHIA 20; CINCINNATT, 11,

CINCINNATI, May 11--The Philadelphias opened
the East vs, West series here to day and the Quakers
Datted out avictory. [tl was the greatest hitting
game of the season fn which both teams slugged the
ball hard. ‘The felding as aresuit of the hard bitting
showed up very poor, espeetally that of the Reds.
Hahn was knocked out of the box In the third inning
While Donabue was retired in the next inning. Gov,
Nash and his stalf witnessed the game. ‘The score:

PHILADELPHIA CINCINNATI,
ROW POA.

      

 

Thomas, ef. 4 2 4 1 1 Barrett. rf. 0 2 38 0 0
Slagle, If, 3 4 6 0 1Torcoran,ss2 1 1 4 2
Del'n'nty.1b3 2 8 0 OCrawford,cf.3 4 0 2 1
Lajole, 2b..2 3 4.2 25mith it, ..1 2.0 01
Fitek, rf... 8 2.0 6 Beckley, 1b O O13 1 0
McFarland) 2°48 1 O'Steinfel't2b1 1 5 4 0
Wolve'n, 30 3 2 0 Olrwin, 8B..1 22 2 2
Cross, 88&....1 © 1 2 1 Wood, ¢ ste oe 2
Donahue, p..1 1 0 2 O Hahn, p ooo? 1
Orth, ........0 1 O 1 O!Phillipyp...2 2 1 0 1
oo ~- = *Meliside 00000
Towls....2083 2711 5) i- 2? == ~
| Totals 11152714 0

*Hatted for Phiilips in the ninth inning
Philadelphia 04425 0 0 4 8-20
Cincinnau. . 20 8 001 1 Ids

 

Two-base hits -Coreoran, Slacle, Wood, Crawford
(2), Lajoie (2), MeFarland. ‘Three-base hits —Smith
(2), Vilek, MeFarland, Stetnfeldt. Stolen bases—
Crawford, Flick, Cross, Barrett, Wolverton. Sacrifice

 

 

hits=Wolvérton, McFarland, Double plays —Stetn-
feldt and Beckley, Cr Lajote and Delehanty;
Beckley (unassisted Struck out By Hahn, 1; by

 

Phillips, 2, by Orth, 2. Hit by pitener—IHy Hahn, 1;
by Phillips 3. Umpire -Swartwood, Attendance—
3 000,

Interstate League.

Mansfield 6; Wheeling, 1.
Columbus, 5; Youngstown, 7,
New Castle, 1; Fort Wayne, 4,

At Mansfield
At Columbus
At New Castle

 

 

New York State League,
At Binghamton—Schenectady, 10; Binghamton, 8,

At Albany -Albany, 4; Rome, 0.
At Utica—-Utiea, 3; Cortland, 0
At Troy Troy, 16; Oswego, 4

American League,

At Indianapolis Chicago, 7, Indtanapolts, 1,
At Cleveland —Cleveland, 7; Milwaukee, 5.

At Bulffalo Rain

At Dewroit~ Wet grounds,

Connecticut State League,

At New Haven—New Haven, 16: New London, 18
At Waterbury— Waterbury, 0, Norwich, 5

At Derby — Bristol, 5: Derby, 4

At Meriden - Meriden, 26; Hridgeport, 10,

Other Games,
AT FORDHAM

R HE
Fordham $8086 6 8 =I? 0 F
Dartmouth 00 000 0 lel 25

Hattertes lloran and Joyce; Sampson, Varney and

Brown.
AT JASPER FIELD.
R. HL. F.

Manhattan 071000000 0 ti 1 3
Wesleyan 9000100 1 I-38 7 3
Hatterles-McPhiliips and Agnew; Lufkin and In-
is,

AtNorth Adams —Cuban Giants, 17;° North
Adams, 6

Yale, @: Andover 0
Mount Picasant Military Academy,

t Andover
At Sing sing

    

   

 

   

 

 

       

“THE SUN,

SATURDAY, MAY

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN,

SECRETARY+TREASURER RULL OF
STATE DIVISION, L. A. W., RESIGNS,

12,

    
 

   

 

His Saccessor Is J. F. Clarke of This City—The
League May Be Incorporated Under the
Laws of the State of New York-—W. H,
Brown Will Begin a Long Ride To-day,
Although a number of persons “on the in-

side" were by no means surprised, the an-

houncement made yesterday by Milo M. Beld-
ing, Chief Consul of the L. A. W. in this State,
that W. S. Bull, Secretary-Treasurer, had re-

Signed, caused a considerable stir, Bull has

Served the division for more than six years

@nd has been esteemed as an efficient officer,

In 1806 a constitutional amendment was in-

troduced at Baltimore ky Isaac B. Potter that

made his tenure of office permanent. The

Salary then was $2,500 a year. Under the

administration preceding that of Chief Consul

Belding the division run into debt to some-

thing more than $5,000, which still represents

its excess of liabilities. During the recent

Campaign for President the friendship be-

tween Chief Consul Belding and I. B, Potter con-

tinued, while the friendship of Potter for Bull
was changed to enmity. At the last meeting
of the division it was decided that a reduction
of expenses was necessary and the salary of
the Secretary-Treasurer was fixed at 10 cents
per member, with a minimum of $10 a week,

The membership of the division is about 7,000.

The Secretary-Treasurer decided that he could

not devote his whole attention to the service

for this amount, as he had been doing for
$2,500 a year. At the same time he recognized
that economy was necessary, AS a matter of
fact the income of the division {s less than
$4,000 a ywar, and after the office rent, postage,
printing and clerk hire are deducted, there is
not much left. No one knew these facts bet-
ter than W.8. Bull, and om May 1 he sent in his
resignation to take effect “when a successor
Was appointed.” What was desired by the
officers of the division was @ member with
means, leisure and enthusiasm who would take
the office without compensation, Such a per-
son was found in J, PF. Clarke of this city, who
waa the originator of the idea for a Junior

League and who has been an enthusiastic

bervitor of the League for several years, He

was appointed on last Thursday afternoon,

For the present the offices will remain where
they have been at 192 Nassau street, and Mr,
Bull will visit there daily to instruct his fellow
member and The new arrange-
Met is a relief to the division treasury and to
the long and fuithful reuiring Secretary,

successor.

On May 24 President Conway W. Sams of
the L. A. W. will come to New York for a visit
of several days. to attend a meeting of the
National Executive Committee, The news of
the occasion will probably be that the 1, A.W
has been incorporated under the laws of this
State A law was passed by the Legislature
during the last session making it possible for
@n organization not seeking profits or bestow-
{ng post mortem benetits to incorporate, Be}
fore this the League could not incorporate
{n any State in the Union. It might be added
as @ stutement of fact that @ number of lead-
ers of the L, A. W, Knew about the bill before
{t was passed

 

   

The committee in charge of the spring cen-
tury run of the New York State Division of
the Century Road Club of America to-morrow
has provided arrangements for three full di-
visious in addition to the fast bunch, the first
one starting from Bedford Rest, Brooklyn,
at 5:30 A. M.. and other sections following this
at intervals of twenty minutes. Entries will
be accepted at the starting point between 6 and
9 o'clock in the morning.

 

 

e Club will have arun to-day
to the Morris Park racetrack, leaving the Wal-
dorf Astoriaat 129 P.M. Lunch will be served
at the Turt aud Field Club at 15 P.M. Ve-
hicles will be packed along side of the track
The run is an aeceptance to an invitation of
the Turf and kield Club. The route will be up
Thifth avenue to 111th street, to Seventh avenue,

The Automobil

   

 

 

  

 

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

 

10, Yonker’s High School, 10
to Central Bridge, to Jerome avenue, to Morris
Park he distance is about twelve miles.
Baseball Games To-day,
a : : ‘ » At noon to day Will H. Brown of the Nassau
I j ) ‘ (
ee a ae ore Away seperate am riens Wheeimen will start at Valley Stream on a
Brooklyn atst Louts: New York at Chicago Boston | eaitinuous ride of 4.000 miles in which he hopes
ab Pittsburg, Pisladelphia at Clnelnnat to lower all existing records up to that distance,
EASTERN LEAGUE It was his plan to have motor pacing, but the
Hartford at Syracuse Worcester at Rochester; freceent obsections to speeding motors made
Providence at Torouto Springfield at Montreal, by the local authorities caused a change and he
ATLANTIC LEAGI will use multieveles with only ne peti Brown
favaas #¢the of DAI he ae start toride a couple of years ago for the bene-
alontow ‘ at Mer ee \ Al a fitof his health, He was said to have consump.
= ee tior Hie says he is entirely well pow. He will
OTHER GAMES, ‘ght 150 pounds when he starts and says
Cornell vs University of Penunsylvanta, at Phtla t he expects to explode the idea of long-
deiphia distance rides being injurious by weighing the
Princeton vs, Georgetown, at Princeton, same when he finishes. He will adhere toa
Harvard v8. Col a. at Cambridge. iotly vegetable diet throughout the ride,
Brown Vs. Vale, a jer
Dent ’ we M S nhatts 7 ‘ t
ap eaneyivenia RY ( vs. Manhattan Col There {3 a promise of new things in club
Orance A, ¢ Dartr th, at Orange Oval life and elub rut The Kings County Wheel-
Unuversity of Virgt vs, | ersity of Maryland, | (en have introduced two features which seem
at Charlottessi ll | uw 1 enough to become popular, One is the
T nited States Milltary Cadets vs. Wesleyan, at West | formation of a walking division and the other
Potnt | i wting brigade The latter is a set of mem
St Franets Xavier College vs. New York A. C., atl t who use coaster brakes and are in come
Celta | pet.tion to see who coasts most in proportion
Wrest tend A.C, at We { Bergen. | to the miles covered The walking set will
ft J Schuul vs. Famatea High School, | g¢ wrt on thelr A er to morrow, for Cot
ms Se Ae >» anwar lege Point, which ts the destination o we club
at : ae vs. Par Rockaway High run. ‘1 walkers will take a short cut while
Newton School vs. Richmond Hit High | the wheelers will follow the good roads. The
School } former hope to wet to the place as soon as the |
Stourbridge vs, Seaside A. C., at Stapleton, Staten | riders, because they will not get so thirsty on j
Teland. the way, Laterin the season the offleers expect
Crescent A.C. vs. Lehigh, st Bay Ridge to locate a hitll where the expertness of “The
Prudential vs, Fidelity and Casualty, at Newark, Coasters” can be tried to a finish,
Motals vs. Unions, at Conaisie r
» DS de 8, Piast ‘ re. nde » ' °
} DUNO eS eredhain at id itlege, at Andover, Club runs seheduled for to-morrow are
Knickerbocker A.C. vs. Cr t Bayonne. Start Destination,
University of Ve itvs. Union, at Burlington Hoboken Lake Success
S isq ehanna vs. ' at Collegeville Brookly! ores Century
Howard A. C, vs. Liverett College, at East New TK scene Glen Cove
York, Brookiyna «Freeport
Morristown F, C. vs. Nassaus of Princeton, at Mor | Brooklyn aeke . Freeport
ristown. p New York Grant's Tomb
Trinity College vs. Yale Law School. at Hartford. Ibrooklyn ........ College Point
Englewood F.C, ¥s. Yale and Princeton Graduates, | \ C New York Rockaway
at Englewood ' Madison W New York -Coney Island
White Plains College vs. Englewood F.C. second Manhattan W New York City Island
team. at White Plat: Mutual W Brooklyn ° City Island
Hollywood Inn vs. Fordham Reserves, at Yonkers, Nassau W Brooklyn. .....+. College Point
Chicago University vs. Univershty of Michigan, at | Penn Glen W « Hrookly . . College Point
Chicago. Royal Arcanum W New York.... College Potnt
nD nson vs. Gettysburg, at Carlisle Royal Arcanum W  ibreoklyn -Queen's Park
Duplex vs. Centrals, at Claremont Park Unknown Brooklyn Hempstead
Yale Freshmen vs. Ilarvard Freshmen, at New | Vigilante. c New York ..- Jamaica
Haven. Wanderers New York...- Valley Stream
Columbla Freshmen vs. Fanwood A C., at New | West End Wo... New York Coney Island
York

Williams vs. Holy Cross, at Williamstown

Marions vs. Murray Hills, at Perth Amboy

Comwall Milltary Academy vs. Brooklyn Boys?’
Hich School, at Cornwall

Tyros va. St. James Schoo’, at Pordham

St, John's Preparatory School vs, Betts Academy,
at Sumford.

Mott Haven vs Dewey A.C, at Mott Haren

 
 
 

 

Pingry School vs. Stevens it Buvabeth,

Princeton Freshmen vs. Hill School, at Pottstown,

Hamilton A. C. vs. Kippo AW C., at Brooklyn,

Rates vs Portland A. C., at Portland

Tinited States Miltary Cadets vs. Wesieyan, at West
Polut

Jones vs. Lexington A. C.. at Pleetwood Park

Nassaus V Khronx A. ¢ at Greenpoint

Mutual Whee men vs, Unions, at Canarste |

Union Jrs. vs Young \ nieer t Harem

Powhatens vs. St Ann's Acedemy, at Yorkrtt's

Com Exchange vs Cotton Exchanze, at Prospect
Par} ,

Hudsons vs. Little Falls at Tittle Palls

Linden A. C. vs. North End Clubot Newark at
Linden

Suburbans es. Tarrytown, at Tarrytown

Baseball Notes,

The Genuine Cuban Glants, with Captain Frank
Grantin charge, will play the Jerseys to morrow on
the Johnston avenue ground leraey Clty

The Pouthkeepsie club willt
the defeat Inthe prev
the game to be played to morrow
Crleket grounds.

To mortow at
Side avenue, Je
tween tt
Peter's Catt

The Chines
Regiment an ind
armory. ‘The Ch

 

 

to redeem itself for
us Contest with Hoboken tn
at the St. George

 

Dewey Park, Sipavenue, near West
} ya came will be played be-
ithe nine of St.

  

 

Giants will play the Seventy first
weameof baseball tontent atthe
i team will play tn their native

   
 

 

eostume and Chinese band will accompany
them

Jim Jeffries will umptre the game at Weehawken
to morrow between the West New York F.C. and
the Senecas of Harter \nothor attraction will be
the firet appearance of Mike Tlernan. the old New
York favorite whow ll play left fleld for the Jersey
team

rhe Warlow A.C. has orvanized tts baseball team
and selected W. J MeMahon to manage fits team
The Watiows have secured the inclosed ball fleld in
front of the elupbho They will open the season
on May 4. and first clas’ teams desiring dates should
address W. .. McMahon, manager, Whitestone, N. ¥,

   

The Westtl (lib, having orwantaed
with a team o rofessional players, desires to
book games on inds with any first-class team
accepting a reasonable quarante Saturday and

  

  

 

 

holtday games only Dates in May and July 7 closed,
Address W : H. Downes, manager, Westfeld, Union
county, N

The corrected schedule of the Boys’ High School
teamof Brooklynis as follows: May 16, Erasmus, at
Adeipht Fleld: 1& MoT. H at Prospect Park; 23,
N.Y. HLS, at Adelphi Pletd; 24, Norwich A. C., at
Prospect Pork. 50, A.M), Pratt, atAdetphi Fletd: June
2. Cranford, at Cranford; 0, St Paul, at Adelphi
Field No open dates remain

CHICAGO, May 1l.-Buek Ewing and his team

reached Chicago thismorning. To morrow afternoon
the New Yorks will play their first mame againsta
Western club this season with the local team. Fwing
sald at his hotel this afternoon that se faras he knew
Lave Cross, the St. Louts third baseman, had not
been purchased by the New York club.

The Creseent Baseball Association desires ww ar

fange games With the representative clubs of Piain-
field, esifelf, Woodbridge, Perth Amboy, Ring
field, Dover, Verona, Boonton, Tarrytown, Stam-

ford, Nyach Kingston and all other prominent or-
anizations offering a liberal guarantee, Address
. Re Hempeles, secretary, 628 East 136th street

The firet firm sued by the American Bleyele
Company for infringement of its lower bracket
mtent was a manufacturing coneern of Little
Fralin N.Y. The answer to the suit, which has
fust been fled, stiona the right of the A. B,
to legally exist. The answer alleges that
the A. BC. ia a “trust” and is operating in vio
Jenee of Federal statutes,
NOTES
The Wanderers of Harlem have elected the follow-
{n@ officers: J. J. Duify, Jr. President; Thomas
ver Viee President; Willlam C, Cook, Secretary;
Prederiek Martin, Treasurer: Thomas MeGinn, Cap-
tain: A. H. Cook, Mleutenant, E. J. Keating, Color
Heerer: James MeGinness, Bugler.
The programn for to-morrow
track has for {ts star feature an Australfan pursuit
race With elght competitors, besides two professional
and three amateur events,

BOWLING,

 

 
 

 

  

at the Vallsburg

 

 

Ifonors were even In the Columbla tournament
series at Schlussing's alleys last nish. The scores:
FIRST GAME,

New York Counctl—Kitchelt, 157;
Gruuninger, 199. Total, 465

tandard--Koehler, 140; Alllsony 145; Dfederick,
14/ Total, 425.

Snover, 182;

SECOND GAME
Standard—Koebler, 170; Allison, 156;
140, ‘Total: 4646
Lotus~-Cbhureh, 138;
Total, 415

Diederick,

Flemming, 187; Govers, 140,

THIRD GAME.
New York Council—Kitchelt,
Grunninger, 170. ‘Total, 526
Lotus Church, 213; Flemming, 129;
Total, 545

156; Snover, 199;

Govers, 201,

The closing games ofthe week in the Arcade tour-
nament rolled at Frereks's alleys last night resulted
as follows

VIRST GAME,

Spartan--Maler, 202; ohm, 199; Schilling, 151,
Total, 542 ;

Manahatta -Daly, 144; Steinmetz, 198; Ztmmer-
mand, 157. Total, 409,

SPOCOND GAMB.

Spartan--Mater, 145; Dohm, 131; Schilling, 180,
Total, 4548

Manahatta
mann, 187,

Daly, 142; Stetnmetz,
Total, 471
THIRD GAME,
Spartan—Maler, 153; Dobm, 183; Schilling, 144.
Total, 484
Manahatta—Daly, 203;
mann, 141. Total, 566

Oarsman Exley Shot.

PHinapeLputa, May t1.-John Exley, stroke
oar of the Vesper Boat Club eight, was shot in
the arm by a highwayman last night, receiving
@ wound which will prevent him rowing again
thissummer. Exley was expected to win ina
special race, the winner of which was to repres
sent America at Darks. Exley rowed with the
Pennsylvania Barge Club in 1897, 1898 and 1899,
when they won three rational championships.

Gossip of the Ring.

Marty MeCue informs THE SUN that he Is ready to

meet Dave Sullivan or Terry McGovern at 126
yunds, McCue ts alsoready to let Oscar Gardnocs
ve another match if acecssary, ° “—

142; Zimmer-

Steinmetz, 182; Zimmer-

 

 

1900,

ROWING.

Ex-Champlon Hanlan’s Views on the Work of
the Harvard Oarsmen,

Boston, May 11,--Ned Hanlan, the ex-cham-
pion oarsman, after witnessing two races of thy
Harvard crews last week, gives it as his opinion
that there is room for wide improvement before
the races with Yale at New London next month,
Tn an interview he says:

“In regard to the form displayed in the two
races of the past week there is much to be said
in praise and also many things of a displeasing
nature to the oarsmen and their coaches. In
the first place I was astonished to see them row
such a slow stroke for a short-dista’ce race,
and, to be blunt, their stroke was lumpy. There
{3 a wholesale lack of smoothness, particularly
in the recovery, and before they can approach
anything like ideal form they will have to make
4 radical change.

“First of all, the most glaring erroris the
downward and outward jerk of the hands when
the oar handles are shoved away, which is fol-
lowed by a noticeable jerk of the shoulders
When the slide fs started on the recovery. ‘this
should be eliminated, as it ls one of the cardinal
Principe of rowing, beitseullingor ina crew

oat, that the hands should be shoved away
briskly, but not. jerked away, and the body
should be started with the toes’ rather than by
a sudden jerk of the hands followed by the
sae movement of the shoulders. In short,
the whole movement of shoving the hands away
and starting the slide should bedone {tn a man-
ner that would be better described as stealing
rather than asrushing up for the next stroke.
Just fancy eight men, weighing in the neleh-
borhood of 1,875 pounds, bringing their shoul-
ders up with ajerk after the stroke had heen
yulled through, and fancy the retarding effect
t is bound to have on the headway of the
boat

“They carry thelr oar blades rather well on
the feather, but a vast ln provement ean be
made, The plaintruth is, the blade is carried
about half way back when the turning move-
ment is started and they catch lots of wind
which retards the speed of the boat. IT woul
have them carry their oar blades on the full
feather clear back and by that same simple
wrist movement deseribed in the starting of
the recovery the oara would take their bear-
{ngs against the backs and the blades would be
sronpeg in without, loss of time or sacrifice of
speed. The Harvard oarsmen have plenty of
life, yet they rowed only thirty strokes to the
minute in the freshman race, and thirty-two
was about the best of the older crews and they
showed thirty at tines. My opinion {s that any
crew that cannot row thirty-five to the minute
over that distance, or even longer, without
rushing their slides, have much to learn

“Tdo not like their baek movements when
pulling the etroke through, for in most cases
you will notice that the legs and shoulders are
called on to do all the work, and they assume
their respective respoosibilities at different
pore of the stroke, They appear to eateh

ard, or, more plainiv speoking, jab at the
water with the oar blades, nip the shoulder on
quickly, hold with the legs and pull the greater

 

 

  

 

part of the stroke through with the back
rollowed rather than slightly rounded or
straight. TI would have them cateh hard, and

would see to it that they were poised so that
they conld apply back, snoniders and legs all
at the same time and thereby make a combined
and instantaneous movement from the ecateh to
the finish of the stroke, A crew never can row
fast with hollow backs, no more than they ean
stay well with humped backs

“From what Tlearn of EF. D. Storrow and hia
methods, there will be some work cut out for
him in rounding off and smoothing up before
the crew is headed for New London. Lexpect
to see him make just such improvements in fin-
ishing the men up 4s has already been shown
in their mastery of the rudiments of rowing, I
have no doubt that at the present time Har-
vard's oarsmen are rowing even better than the
other colleges, therefore, my comperisons are
drawn fromthe {deal style rather than from
that of Yale or any other college crew."

WITH THE TROTTERS,

 
 

 

Cobwebs and Lucille to Mect in a Brush on
the Speedway on June 1.

Cobwebs, 212, and Lucille, 200%, did not
come together on the Speedway yesterday, but
the owners of the two erack trotters met up the
road and agreed to test their speed in a series
of brushes on June 1, provided the weather is
favorable and the footing firm. The first of the
month fails on @ Friday, and it promises to be a
memorable day in the annals of the road. The
horses will probably have two brushes, or three
{f the first two trials of speed fail to settle the
question of superiority. To areporter of Tur
SUN Nathan Straus sald vesterday

“IT want Cobwebs to meet Lucille, and then I
meantoretirehim. This willbe his last brush
in the way of defending his title as King of the
Speedway. Alter hehas beaten Lucille, and I
am confident that he will beat her, lam going

to let him takeiteasy., This is his third vear
on the Speedway, and he hasearneda rest.”

Mr. Straus drove Malacea,, 2.18's, vesterday
and tried his speed with varying success ina
series of brushes with the bay gelding, Wace

2164. Dod Irwin, the old-time Philadelphia
reinsman who drove Robert Steel's trotters in
other days, held the ribbons over the oid son of
Erelong. Waco broke and was beaten the f

 

 

    
 

time down, but he trimmed the spotted so
Ralph Wilkesitn the next two rounds, showing
surprising speed. The contest was close each
time

C.K G. Billings of Chieago and Frank Jones
of Memphis were out with Tucille, 2.00%;, Min
erva, 2:3: nd Hontas Crooke, ) The crack

 

  

pacing stallion met his mateh in Daniel O'Dell's
chestnut pacing gelding Quadrign, 2.08%,, that
h: had beaten after a close contest a few days
ago Hontas Crooke got away with such a rush
inthe first trial yesterday that Quadriga was
carried off his feet, losing two or three lengths

 

at the start fe could not quite close the gapin
the race for the bridge, thor xh thee gnined
on the stallion and was beaten less than halta
length at the end. In tt brush Mr. .lones
drove the stallion, Mr. Billings now tried his
hand The horses got away together for the
second trial, and to the surprise of everybody,

    

 

Quadriga drew away trom the stallion before
reaching the end of the stone wall, beating him
very decisively. Hontas Crooke was later seen
to be all off. Lueille beat him in at big jog,

and when tried again with the fast trot-
ting mare, he broke and showed plainiy
that he was not himself In a third

contest with Lucilleand the gray mare Minerva,
the great pacer brought up the rear. Mr. Bill-
ings drove Minerva in this brush and the daugii-
ter of Medonias trotted so fast that Lucille,
after losing twoor three lengths at the start,
found it hard work to beat her ont by a npek at
the bridge. Minerva cost the Chieago roadite
$162 50, itissaid. while he paid $7,900 for Lucille
last fall) Although Minerva's record is no faster
than 2:324, Mr. Billings haa driven her a mile in
2:15‘. on the Washington Park track. She isa
high-woing trotter, requiring elbow boots to
protect her

HO. Armours’s trotting team, Erin G. and
BRaneroft, scored a notable vietory over the
mysterious brown mares that figured {na brush
with the Floyd-Jones pair, Casselton, 216
and Knoxena, 2:28%,, last week. Both teams
trotted true and fast for nearly half a mile yes-
terday, with the four horses neck and neck
Then one of the brown mares broke and the
Armour team won The brown mares proved
to be Princess St rague and Maid Thorne, 2 17!5
Thev are owned by Thomas F. Russell, Maid
Thorne ts by Fathorne, 212'¢. She came ont
green last year and gained her record of 2:1744
in her second rave on the half-mile track at
Bethlehem, Pal She was inside the money
wheo Kingmond trotted in 2.10%, atthe Grand
Circuit meeting here last September The
Armour trotters are without records

M Leonard, who has traded the chestnut
trotter Sly for the bloodlike little bay pacer
King Pgbert, 2.00%, was in the thick of the fray
with his new horse vesterday. Fabert pulleda
very heavy full-seat wagon which anebored him

 

    

 

when he attempted to beat auch horses aa No 1
B, 221%. Harry Belmont, 219%, Chris. Lang,
921’, and Alice B. Chris Lang beat the party

down the road in one brush and NT B's nose
was in front at the finish of the second round

Final Heat In the Montclair Military Academy
Games,

MONTCLAIR, May 11.-—-The finals in the Montelate

Military Academy field day games took place this

afternoon. The results follow

P First Division~lligh Jump Won by F. B. Martin;
S. Bingham, second; H. HM. Bradley, third Height,
5 feet

Chrowing 12 Pound Hlammer—Won by A, T. Dar-
low; C. Wo Munger, seeond; George Bell, third. Dis
tance, 67 feet dinehes

Throwing Itscus—Won by A. I
nger, second; FP. 1. Martin, third

Harlow, C. W
Distanes, 77

   

 

 

J inehes.
»¥Yard Dash- Won by F._B. Martin; A. Decker,
second: A. H, Barlow, third, Time, 25 2.5 seeonds
140 Yard Dash--Won by A, Decker; P.M Martin,
second; A. H. Barlow third. Vime, 57 seeonds
120-Yard Hurdle -Won By S. bingham; F. Mh, Mar
tin, second; A. Decker. third Time, lv 1-5 seeonds
Second Division Pole Vault—Won by W. Newell;
JH. Flanagan, second, A. Richards, third. Helght,

6 feet 4 Inches,
ee owing Discus -Won by M. L. MeCuteheon, A
Richards, second; W. Newell, third. Distance, 78

feet

220 Yard Dash— Won by M. 1. MeCuteheon; A

Richards, second; W. Newell, third Time, 27 35
onds
veroo Vard Hurdle Won by A. Richards: W. Shel

on, second; W. Newell, third, Time, 10 second
. Third Diviston Runsing High Jump — Won
Pearson; H. Moffatott, second, F. Baucher,
Distance, 4 feet d inches.

100-Yard Dash -Won i Cc
second, H. Haucher and W. ¢
Time, 11 4-6 seconds,

220 Yard Dash—Won by ¢ A 1
gon second: H. Baucher, third Thme, 20

rhe all around medals were won as follows:

by ¢,
third

 

Hauecher: C, Pearson,
“nadwick tled for third.

Pear
5 seconds.

rel

L. Baueher; C
>

 

 

Division F. Wo Martio, first. 34 points; AH Tar
low, secoad, 24; S. Bingham, third, 13 Second

Division—A. Richards, first, 35, M. 1. McCutcheon,

  

cond, 24; W. Newell, third, 1144) Third Diviston—
¢. Pearson, 0 17; ©. L. Bauoher, second, 16; K,
‘ewell, third,

 

GOLF,

Many Team Matches Arranged by Metro-
Politan Women's Golf Association.

The Executive Committee of the Metropolitan
Women's Golf Association met yesterday at the
residence of Dr. J, W. Brannan, 11 West
Twelfth street, and arranged a schedule of

| team matches and to hold an individual cham-

| piomship

and handicaps or «

The only member absent was Miss
Beatrix Hoyt, who is at Shinnecovk Hills. The
links for the individual championship will be
announced to-day and the time will probably
be early in June. Whether elght or sixteen
will qualify will depend on the number to start.
Clubs notin membership should comiuunicate
with Miss Ruth Underhill, the Seeretary, at Glon
Cove, 1. 1, as itis desired to make the associa-
tiona thoroughly representative one. Eleven
teams will take part in the season's competi-
tions and the schedule, which has been com-
piled to minimize the traveliing as much as
Possible, is the most important one as yet ar-
ranged for team matches in thiscountry., Bach
team will have six players. The captains are

Nassau, Miss L. D. Maxwell, Dyker Meadow, Miss
M. Chauncey; Ardsley, Mrs. A. De Witt ¢
Morrls County, Mrs. W. Shippen; Englewood, Mrs
J. A. Wells; Powelton, Mrs. Ho RR. Hamedell; Fair
field, Mrs F.M. Freeman; Richmond County, Mrs
O. L Willlams: Montelair, Mrs P.M. Harrlson;
Shinnecock Hills, Miss Beatrix Hoyt; Seabright,
Mrs A. Symington,

Shoulda team appear for a rmateh short of its
fullcomplement it will forfeit three holes for
eich absentee, under the rule in foree in the
Philadeiphia Women’s League, but substitutes
Thay be putonatany contest rhe date of a
matchimay be changed by mutual agreement
between the teams, but such changes must be
announced before two weeks of the mateh,
The schedule follows:

Saturday, May 20-- Dyker Meadow, at Ardsley

Tuesday, May 31—Englewood, at Ardsley
Friday, June 1—Powelton, at Ardsley
Tuesday, June 5) Ardsley, at Morris County,

; (Englewood, at Powelton
Thursday, June 7 C:.glewood, at Morris County,
Friday, June &=Richsnond County at Montelale

Monday, June 15! Nassau. at Morris County.

cL Ardsley, at Richmond County
June 20-Falrfeid, at) Rieimond

ochrane;

 

 

Wednesday,
Count
Thursday, June 21
Friday, June 2
Tuesday. June

Powelton, Mt Morris county,
-Ardsley, at Nassau.
6, Fairfield, at Morris County.
) Englewood, at «Richmond
County.
( Montelair. at Powelton.
Friday, June 20—Ardsley, at Fairfield.
Tuesdey, July ${ Montelatrat Fairteld
LRichmond Co. at Seabright
Thursday, July 5! Morris Co. at Seabright
( Montelalr at Englewood
Tuesday, July 10—Seabright at Palrtield
‘Thursday, July 12—Seabright at Englewood.
Tuesday, July 17—Poweiton at Seabrignt
Monday. Sept. &8—Morrls Co. at Shinnecock.
‘Tuesday, Sept 4 ( Nassau at Shinnecoek.
« Powelton at Fairtield
( Seabricht at Ardsley
Thursday, Sept. 6/ Falrfield, at Shinnecock.
USeabright, at Nassau.
7— Ardsley, at Montelair
ph 11—Nassau, at Montelatr
ph t4/ Riehmond County, at Shinnecock,
(Monteltir, at Scabright
Thursday, Sept. 20—Seabright at Shinnecock.
Tuesday, Oct. 2; Shinnecock, at Ardsley
Morris County, at Montelatr,
yker Meadow, at Seabright.

  
 

 

  

 

 

Friday, Sept
Tuesday, S
Tuesday, Se

 

lehmond County, at Nassau.
Thursday, Oct. 4 { Shinnecoek, at Montelair,
Dyker Meadow, at Fatrtield.

! Powelton, at Nassau
Friday, Oct Morris Co, Richmond Co.
Tuesday, Oct. @ § Shinneene Poweltor

   
  

 

w, at Richmond Ca
, at Englewood

Dyker Meg
Thursday, Oct. 11 ) Shinnec

  

 

| Dyker Meadow Powelton,
Friday, Oct. 12—Fairfteld, at Nassau Co
Tuesday, Oct. 16( Shinneeock, at Dyker Meadow,
1 Richmond Co., at Powelton
Thursday, Oct. 15! Montelair, at Dyker Meadow.
\ Nassau, at Englewood
Friday, Nov. 2-Mortis Co., at Dyker Meadow

   

Tuesday N 6—Nassau, at by ker Meadow
Thursday, Nov. &- Englewood, at Dyker Meadow.

Intercity matches with Philadelphia, Boston
and Newport will also be played

 

Yale, Princeton and Columbia are sure start-
ers at the Laurence Harbor Country Club to-day
for the team cup presented by the club. Penn-
sylvania and Harvard are very doubtful start-
The players will be the following:

Yale—T. M. Robertson, T. Cheney, C. Hitcheoek,
Jr E Byers, or L. P. Meyers, “~

Princeton—John Stuart, C. Griswold, Jr, P.
Payue colicge G. J, Cook or H. 1

Colur i~J a fF ards, Ivman Rhodes, W. i
Dison, 8, P. Nash, with J.G. Hates and W. L, Glenny
&As Substitutes,

The course has improved very much inthe
last two weeks and the holes have been rear-
ranged for the mateh by setting back the tees
Vhe playing distances to-day will be 443, 440
140, 835, 200, 250, 255, 200 und 522 yards, in all
2,005 yard Phe trains will
grounds bothon the New Jersey Central and
Pennsylvania roads. The match will begin at
w:30 AD

Other events to-day are the opening of the
Jamaica Golf Club, the first competitions of the
season at Apawatuls and Ardsley, the second

ers

     

R
Wilson,

 

evan

  

 

 

   

monthly handicap at St. Andrews, the visit of
the Essex County team to Richmond County,
the contest tor the L. H. Graham cup at
Baltusrol, a team: match and handicap at

Nassau Country, a men's foursome for a cup
presented by If P- Clapp at Dyker Meadow,
ther contests at the Fairview

 

Park, Marine and Field, Creseent A C., Morris
County, Harbor Hill, Richmond Hill, and many
other links

NuvLey, May 11.~Twenty members of
the New York coffee trade played golf this

afternoon on the links of the Y
for a silver loving eap. Wo M. Martin, with a
handicap of thirty-six, carried off first honors,

The seores

 

Gross. Hicap Net,

Martin eeeeee eee DOD 36 v3

Vander Lop Favevetie us 14 74

Bassett er 108 24 b3

J.B. O'DOMONUC 6600 e ree eee vere 108 is Ka

Fisk ; ert 101 15 84

Dorr : wes ao 12 ‘7

Bull 105 17 ra

Arnold 108 20 8

Hanks 106 1h ol

T O'Donohue lla an RS

Rayne 118 28 90

Sattherwatte . 108 12 pl

- 124 26 QA

. 110 18 107

. 12 28 as

1146 18 fA

hue 125 18 107

Parsons 108 23 aA

Struthels 1o4 15 «0

Kirkland 144 40 104

Piekstey 114 ao o4
MeDougail 132 30 102 |

The Kast Jersey Golf League met at Newark
yesterday afternoon. Representatives fromthe

 

  

   

 
 
     

Another meeting of the league will be, held on
May \4

AN FASY

 

 

HILTON WINNER,

Defeats Robb for Great Britain's Amateur
Golf Champtonship,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SuN
Sanpwien, May 1l.--H. H. Hilton of the Royal
Liverpool Golf Club) and Jamies Robb of the St.
Andrew's Golf Club began to play in the final
round of the amateur golf championship tour-

nament this morning. The weather was beauti-

ful. Bothimen played brilliant golf and = the
game was very close throughout, At the end
ofthe first round Hilton was 4 up. Hilton's
seore was 7H and Robb's 83

Hilton outelassed Robb and won the final

round by 8 up and7 to play
nificent golf and thorought
in an amateur champlonship e

 

deserved this, his

nt.

 

first victor

All things,even amateur eh unplor ships,eomea
to the golfer who can wait, After striving each

 

 

 

 

     

   

 

 

year since the Inception of the event in dssato
win the amateur championship, HHO Tilten
has finally gained the coveted distinetion To
add to the poignaney of the repeated defer
Hilton won the open elaniplonship in )

1596, and on ne less than three oeeasions, 1
isoz) ound sus, he was the runner-up
the amateur event lhe last time, the
competition being held at Sandwich,
Tait beat Hilten by Supand 7 to play Last
veur Tait put Hilton out in the fifth: re

only by pup Vardon <a Hilton {

niuateur golfer the world ever saw \

mar, however, will admit that there eve

or will varreater player than the ]

Tait. Hilton ip generally pronounced

medal than atrmatch play, an epinion
justified by his poor lick in the amateur ehame-
ylonships 4t one tine jast season Hilton
thought of visiting this country on a pleasure
trip and he may still have the projeet in view

Court of Inquiry for Capt, Strevell,

 

 
      

 

 

 

 

ALMANY, May tl Adjutant-Ganeral Hoffman
to-day appointed the following Courtof Inquiry
to investigate charges preferred against Capt
Clarenee Strevell of Company B, Tenth Bai-
tulion by se al of the non-cominissioned off
cers of the battalion: Brig.-Gen, Robert Shaw
Oliver; Col James HE Lioevd, Second Reginent,
Troy, Lieut.-Col. Herman Bendell, pS on,
Third Brigade, and Major Charles J hanan,
dudge Advocate, T bird Bristsade The charges

allege that Capt. Strevell was guilty ef conduct
unbecoming an ofleerand a gentleman at the
hall given by the company amonth ago Capt
Strevell voluntarily requested that.a court of
inquiry be convened to investigate his alleged

misconduct,

 

top at the club |

untakah Club |

VWillkide Tennis and Golf Club of Plainfleld, the
Forest Hill Golf Club, the East Orange Golf |
Clib, the Newark A.C. Golf Club, the Town
and Conntry Club of Elizabeth, and the |
( dge Golf Clit were present
The meeting was euled be President
J. Campbell Cory of the Forest Lill Golf Club to
formulate a schedule for the season Phe
Jeague member from the Madison Golf Club
failed to put in an appearance and tha
filling out of the dates had to be oned,

He played mag |

 

Sportsman's Goods.

———

NAA a

CANOB THIS SPRING FOR YOUR VACA

TION. WL HAVE ALL SORTS IN STOCK

FROM THE TWENTY-POUND FEATHER:

WIGHT TO THE BULKY DOUBLE»
8 HAND CRUISER.

Henry C Squires & Son

HAVE BEEN THE RECOUNIZED HBAD-
QUARTERS FOR BOATS AND BOAT-
FITTINGS POR A QUARTER OP A CBNs
TURY, AND 20 CORTLANDT ST. IS THB
BEST PLACE IN NEW YORK TO GBT A

og Sere —-

 

 

#3) Awa | Cd
_ CANOEINC,
| THE SPORTSMAN'S FAD,
| THIS SEASON,
|
|
|
|
|

MORRIS 17-FOOT CANOES, $40.
RUSHTON CANOES, $27.50 TO $110,

ie

buying eanoes this year or losing half
the enjoyment to which he is entitled,

Do you know that you could not have
made to order camping and canoein
grounds that would excel those offer

New Yorkers by the lower Hudson?
| Call and get a free map showing them,

| THE H. & D. FOLSOM ARMS CO.,

| S14 BROADWAY, N, Y. CITY,

Every one who cares for an outin

 

——

“AN INTRUDER”

will think a long while

  
    

if he knows
theroisa

Smith
& Wesson

in the house.
All calibers, Long or short barrel.
|

from all
dealers or

SAM'L BUCKLEY & CO., 100 William st,

 

Che Curf.

MORRIS PARK RACES

VESTCHESTER,

6th Day, Saturday, May 12th.
The Fashion, the Withers, the New York
Steeplechase Handicap and
three other races,
MUSIC BY LANDER.
“LL” to Willis av, thence by Spectal

Take 2d av.
Trains to Morris Park
D, 60 CENTS,

  
 

FIRST RACE, 2:3 FIFI

STATE BOARD OF HEALTH,

 

 

Dr. Daniel Lewis Re-Elected President —Come
mittees Appointed.

ALBANY, May 11.—At the annual meeting of
| the State Board of Health to-day Dr, Daniel
Lewis of New York city was reelected Prest-
dent and Drs. Frederick Smith of Syracuse and
S Case Jones of Rochester as the committee for
| theinvestigation of tuberculosis, Dr. Baxter
T. Smelzer, Secretary of the board, was ape
pointed a delegate to represent the board at
| the meeting of secretaries of State Boards of
Health to he heldin Atlanta, Ga., June1. Dra,
Jewis, Jenkins and Simeizer were appointed &
committee to make an investigation. {tp
sewage disposal works in this and the Old Work
and to recommend the adoption of some unl-
form svetem for this State. Commissioner

wen Cassidy was appointed, pureusnt toan
roof Gov Roosevelt, to Investigate. ag
ance caused by the New York Oene
hallroad at Hudson. Sewage plans for
k were approved by the board.

 

 

      

Civil Service Reform Association Incorporated,
ALBANY, May 11.--Articles of incorporation
of the Civil Serviea Reform Association, with
principal offlee in New York city, were filed
with the Secretary of State to-day. The die

 

   

rectorsare Samuel P. Avery, Charles Collina,
W. Bayard Cutting, Jtorace f. Deming, A. 8,
} Prissefi, Richard Watson Gilder, Edwin L,
Godkit George MeAne Jacob F. Miller,
{Samuel Hf Ordway, William Jay Schieffelin,
Carl Schurz, Thomas KR. Slicer, Anson Phelps

Stokes, Henry W. Taft, William Hl. Thomao
Charles Wo Watson and Everett P. W heeier of
Backus, Edwar

 

 

New York city; Truman. J a

Casy, J. Warren Groene, dames McKeen, Wil-
liar 4. Perrine, George Foster Peabody
Charles A. Schieren, Henry Sanger Snow an

  

S. Perry, Sturees of Brooklyn; Henry DeFore
est Baldwin of Pollan Manor
| 2,500,000 Shad Fry Dumped Into the Hudson,

May 11.--State Fish Culturist A.
had deposited in the Hudson

ALBANY,

 

 

 

Nelson Cheney

River at Catskill last night a earload of 2,500,000
j shad fry, which the State Forest, Fish and
| Game Comission had obtained” from the
I United States Fish Commission. This is. the
| kecond earload of shad fry placed in. the Hude
| son thisseason. Mr Cheney expects to receiv
three more ears of shad fry from the Unit
Siates ( jon, and will deposit two Cafe
Jouds in the river at Albany and. one earload in
the upper Hud-onsomewhere above the Troy
\ dar lhisis done to induce the shad, whea
I fullwrown, to come as tar up the stream as
| possi bl Leicane
\

Court of Appeals Decisions,

The Court of Appeals’ toe
dav handed down the following decisions

rel Langdon et al, v& Dalton ang

nd acother ws. Elunt in reappiieation
nt against defendant, &e3

ALBANY, May if

 

 

Allen § ri entoft conviction affirmed.
hers) Sanderson v&
exer &e Fox vs Buffalo Park; Judge

dand South Beach Lan
raw appeal dented; $1

and ¢

 

 

Halligan: motion ta
yn payment of costs to be
sts of motion

Sedte Allen's Conviction Affirmed,

rhe Court of Appeala hag
yy in the case of Sadie

convicted of grand
e, worked tb
y wat "oy Murdr, a resident o'
Brow) ! Nowburger sentenced her te

\ r ment at Auburn Prisen,
Wl ‘ vruitted ina house on West
went ‘ t, New York city, on May a

May 11

LMANY

having

 

  

Capital Stock Increased to $20,000,000,

hngland Teloe
ny to-day filed
ry of State a eertifieate of an
tal steek from $15,000,000 to
stotea that the
Liu is $15,750, 100and thag
lies of the company aggre=

any, May il The New

( nr

Art

   
   
   
   
 

' tleate

 

Standard romedy tor Gleet,
Gonorrn@a and Runnings

IN 45 HOURS. Cures Kid-
ney and Bladder Trouvies,

      
   

;

ee