eee rk Oe ome ae ec Rs

 

 

 

 

ia Cn er Wee a ye re neti ada a Ni oars run ci ie Nal ond . oiaiaaaaaiit .
i . y se a! « ‘ - . 2 é ‘ Pa
- : ¢ -
SF yeee ; THE SUN, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1919. c)
———————————————— SEE = == es = = or —— =

 

The paragraph also provides for the

 

 

racial equality. He said that the race

 

 

parties agreeing to afford subjects of

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

8 ENTREE POR AR ES SNA PSMA ES | yRransry of the world, its, kitrhen! We
method by which a neutral State may | question was a standing grievance, which | member’ nations equal and just treat- ——— () j could be outvoted by Montenegro and
accede to the covenant. might become a dangerous issue at any} ment, without any discrimination Sv itverland or On thie continent, say

. time, The Japanese Government and]|4@gainst either face or nationality. : ‘ Meuador and Honduras In regard to
Twe Years’ Notice Required. people, Baron Makino asserted, felt} In an age of democracy, Baron Makino the part of the covenant relating to man-
“The third paragraph of Article 1 is] poignant regret that the amendment had]Said, the peoples themselves must see datorieés, T prefer to have the instrument
new, providing for the withdrawal of | not been incorporated in the covenant,|that they are the guardians of these . . State what nations shall undertake the
any member of the league on a notice} ang announced that an effort would be|Principles. If that idea was rejected a o e lienccliaats Our real task is to clean
given of two years. made to have the principle of racialjthen their faith in the justice and right- up Mexico, We have preserved the
“The second paragraph of Article IV. allty adopt . art of the docu-]©ousness which were the guiding princt- y ompanies or l e ° " : View of | Monroe Doctrine in thé covenant. so let
ia new, providing for a possible incrense ant bese ihiaa chica steer ; ples of the league would be shaken- He . Covenant Tmproved, Is View t us take Mexico for our mandatory
in the council, should other Powers be ~ vena we ting Relgium,|84id he felt it his duty to express S "ss Soe N | “We have been an international dog
added to the League of Nations whows PAUL HYMAnS, representing Bel poignant regret over the failure of the, some, but Others See No |

present accession is not anticipated.
“The two last paragraphs of Article
IV. are new, providing specifically for
one vote for each member of the league
in the council, which was understood be-
fore, and providing also for one repre
sentative of each member of the league.
“The first paragraph of Article V. ts!
new, expressly incorporating the an |
sion as to the unanimity of voting,
which was at first taken for granted.
“The second paragraph of Article 6
has had added to it that a majority of
the assembly must approve the ap-
pointment of the Secretary General.
“The first paragraph of Article 7

expressed the regret of the Belgian peo-
ple at the selection of Geneva as the seat
of the League of Nations, while approv-
ing the high aims of the league.

The Uruguayan delegate announced
the adhesion of his country to the
league,

Leon Bourgeois, for France, renewed
two amendments tending to give France
additional security. One provided for
the cregtion of a committee to ascer-

tain and exchange military and naval |the League of Nations he observed a

programmes, information regarding arm-
aments and similar matters. The other
provided for “a permanent organization
for the purpose of considering and pro-
viding for naval and military measures

 

!

 

committee to do justice to the Japanese}
demands,» which were based on a deep!
rooted national conviction.

Belgians Disappointed,

M. Hymans of the Belgian delegation
expressed disappointment that Brussels
had not*been chosen as the seat of the
league. The head of the Uruguayan |
delegation then rose. He said that in|

great instrument toward the realization
of industrial and commercial prosperity
in Latin Amertea.

lt was here that M. Bourgeois of the
French delegation declared that Franco

 

‘

, a LET US SEE—

\

In the last twenty years, this company alone ,paid losses to its
In 1918, this company alone paid

patrons of %14,722,524.00.
$1,614,877.00.

 

In the last thirty years, this company (and its predecessors)

adjusted more than 69,000 claims!

Change for Better.

 

 

 

’ OPENS FREE TRADE DOOR!

‘i

Millennium Not Here Yet, Says
Sherman, Who Will Not |
Support Pact,

 

 

Special Despatch to Tur SuxK.

| | ON REVISED LBAGUE :'*:

In the manger in the Mexican situation
snee the trouble began there, There ic
no redress to be had, no governmen:
there to deal with. There is aa much
reason to-day for the establishment of a
protectorate hy the United States over
Mexico as there was in Cuba, an¥ we
owe just as great a duty there to our
wejven and to the rest of the world. But
the mandatory ought to be specific and
not left for negotiation hereafter.

“The amendments have improved the
covenant, but I am not satisfied with it
and will not vote for it in its present
form. It commits us to perpetual war
as much ae the original draft.’

mames Geneva as the seat of bei to enforce obligations arising for the auee sigin the pact, although faationm | WASHINGTON, - April 28,—Aithough rs aca . mage ven

League and is followed by a second! igh contracting parties under the cov- {#!endment requesting an international : ea: . Senators who have studied the revised | S Pens tar ESit SURG ALL Ore ge TeMmts
Daragraph which gives the council} ¢nart, making it immediately operative [Police force and the limitation and, vert. jn 1918, the ten larger surety companies paid in surety fidelity Sah a te ks * Sakti ing to intercourse between nations might
power to establish the seat of the|in :1) cases of emergency.” fication of the armaments of all nations ague of Nations Ar€) ne construed to mean free trade between

League elsewhere, should it subsequent-
ly deem it necessary.

M. Bourgeois argued that such secur-
ity was éasential to France because of

had failed of adoption, M. Bourgeois |
said France did not want to create what
had been described as an international

and’ burglary claims $8,720,677.00.

 

inclined to think the amendments have
improved it there was no reason to

nations; that three out of five of the
representatives at the Peace Conference
were free traders or from free trado

the extended frontiers of that country, J ae . . : belleve to-night t 5 irty<
Equal Rights for Women. whith; as President Wilson had de- army, but simply a high military council In the last ten years such surety companies collectiv ely paid gine on Seat Vin tides pin | nations, ane that he, being *. roteetion
“The third paragraph of Article 7] claredin the French Senate, were the se the league council what should ' § 2 iat, wished to be. certain 6 nite

is new, establishing equality of em-
Ployment of men and women, that is
to say, by the League.

frortiers of the world’s liberties.

The amendments of M. Bourgeois, rep-
resenting France, were not pressed. M,
Clemenceau then put tht question of the

be done to limit armaments. He reiter-
ated that the Fernch delegation would
sign the pact, although they regretted
that arbitration had not been made com-

$58,042,061.00.

 

when the original draft was presented
would waiver in the least in their de-
termination to fight the covenant.

| States was not committed to anything

which In the future might make it possi-
ble for the other nations of the world to
impose free trade on this nation.

“The second paragraph of Article 13 is Wileon’ tion, | Pulacry. Certainly the above is a favorable record. There is rarely any Whether they can muster the thirty-| Senator Sherman said the covenant
mew, inasmuch as it undertakes to give adoption of President V ilson's yon i. The seats of the Italian delegates were ° di ’ ° ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ | three votes to defeat the treaty and! Was virtually unamendaole. He said th»
instances of disputes which are gener-| which prevailed without a formal vote. ispute or dissatisfaction’ with holders of the bonds of a responsible

ally suitable for submission to arbitra-
tion, instances of what have latterly
been called ‘justiciable’ questions.

The covenant was declared adopted,

yand the session proceeded to the labor

report, reciting nine principles for in-

empty.
Following M. Bourgeoise the delegate

of Panama, Honduras and Portuga
spoke.

surety company when the holders understand their bonds and under-

 

the covenant is largely a

conjecture, because some Senators who

matter of |

j

 

 

| provision for withdrawal is not particu-

Carly unsatisfactory, but he preferred
that & nation could retire in one instead
of two yeara He pointed out that i:

“The eighth paragraph of Artécle 15 is | o nm in the treaty, which also were * are against the covenant were of thet i o :
new. This ig the amendment regarding ae. at nomarere, M. Clemenceau made the an | stand that they must perform their duty to the surety company by opinion that there would not be suf-| *:000 years there wae Wr aca We ia
domestic jurisdiction, that where the After setting aside the report on war] pe. , —_ _—_oOo Aclsht Volea th Beat (& Othems whol . .
council finds that a question arising out . en carried and that the sitting was |rot believe the covenant wouid brins

of an international dispute affects mat-
ters which are clearly under the domes-
tic jurisdiction of one or other of the)
parties it is to report to that effect and.
make no recommendation. |

“The last paragraph of Article 16 is
new, providing for an expulsion from the
league in certain extraordinary circum-

responsibilities for later consideration
the session adjourned.

SIR ERIC DRUMMOND
BALFOUR’SSECRETARY

ended, Emile Van Der Velde delivered a
brief address on behalf of the Belgian
delegation. He said the peace delegates
had been able to realize the almost im- |
possible and get the unanimity of all the,
nations attending the conference with-|
out considerably modifying the principles |
laid down. .

At the adjournment of the session |

not enlarging the hazard.

Our bonds cover a specified hazard, which is known and agreed to.

Read your bond and avoid misunderstandings.

have toured the country and who have |

found sentiment against it everywhere |
feel that the revised draft is at least |
as bad as the original, and are count |
ing upon popular support to back the
Senate opposition and make ratification
impoasible.

It is certain that the debate over the |

 

about universal peace.

Senator Moses (N. H.), Republican,
raid he considered the new covenant just
ar objectionable as the first one.

“It is woree than the first one.” said
he. “I see no reason for recanting op
the part of the Senators who signed th;
Lodge resolution. Personally I am prow

my name ts fifth on the list of thos:
stances. - tter. il ,
“Article 21 is new. pees eo vu Wee Ph As many of the delegates and friends of | scan dene as aebenat Republican who signed it, and my only regret |
“The second paragraph of Article 22 quit en e as Premter. | }vesident Wilson congratulated him on} that it is not further up on that list

inserts the words with regard to man-
@aiorier, ‘and who are willing to accept
it,’ thus explicitly introducing the prin-
ciple that a mandate cannot be forced

Sir (James) Eric Drummond, Secre-
tary General of the League of Nations,
has been private secretary to Arthur J.

the formation of the League of Nations. |

anemia ces |

 

NATIONAL SURETY COMPANY

115 BROADWAY

‘Senators who incline to the view that it
| would be better politiog for that party)
to get behind the league and put it)
Loan in a short time this opinion will

 

Senator Frelinghuysen (N. J.), Pe
publican, said that while he iad not had
time to study the new draft he believed
it as cbjectionable as tie original.

CAPTIVES TO BE LIBERATED La mot prevail. Some of the opposition
upon a@ nation unwilling to accept it. Balfour, the British Foreign Secretary, TED. N B b; IDEN LANE Senators like Borah (Idaho), Reed, Muat Meet All Objections,
since December, 1916. Previously he ’ | lew Brokera’ Branch: MA Mo.), ter Wash.), Johnson a at
Prevention of White Slavery. | jad served Sir Edward (now Viscount) | Peleases to Begin With Signing of | - (Mo.), Poindex (Wash.), Ji I have studied it carefully,” suid Sen-

“Article 23 is a combination of sev-
eral former articles and also contains |

while
From

Grey in the same capacity
Edward was Foreign Secretary.

Sir}

 

Peace Treaty.
Paris, April 28.-

 

-The Council of Five

 

 

 

“‘The World’s Largest Surety Company’’

(Cal.) are expected to fight the euve-
;nant despite any efforts that may be)
|made by President Wilson to put it!

ator New (Ind.), Republican, “but unless
‘t meets all obpections I will not vote
Toe tt,

the following : A clause providing for the | March, 1912, to June, 1915, he was pri-] at its meeting Saturday, La Liberte says. |through in a hurry on the ground that| Senator Chamberlain (Ore.), Dem-
Just treatment of the Aboriginer; clause | vate secretary to Herbert H. Asquith,! agreed that the German war prisoners! ‘ |an immediate peace is necessary t® re-/ ocrat, said that in most respects the
looking toward a prevention of the white! then the British Premier. shall be liberated after the signing of) | store Europe to normal conditione. new draft seemed fairly satisfactory,
slave traffic and the traffic tn opium,| Sir Eric was born on August 17, 1878,; the peace treaty. The prisoners will be] | ‘ | but he expressed some doubt as to
and a clause looking toward progress/a son of the eighth Viscount Strathal-|released gradually, as Germany contrib- Informal Conferences Soon. }whether the immigration question is
in international prevention and control} lan, and is a-lialf brother of and heit/ utes to the work of reconstruction ex | | 6ufficiently eafe a iGo VEE

: Ay ‘ cons c Xe hy | There js no present plan on the part | y eguarded in it. it does
of disease. | presumptive to the Earl of Perth. He; acted by the treaty and in proportion to of fhe Re chiteane Gh ake the Aight a | not safeguard that question,” he said, “IT

“Article 25 specifically mentions the; became 4 clerk in the Foreign Office; this contribution { : ad ; |

Red Cross as one of the international |

does not chang the requirement in that,

in 1900 and from 1806 to 1908 was pri-

The newspaper mays that details con-

 

 

     
 

he excellent,

| will settie down and bend every energy |

= ,party matter, but many Senators of tnat |

future will be discussed and the question |

ecaniot vote for it. IL want to vote for

Sir Eric accompanied Foreign Minister
; Balfour to the United States in 1917 as
| member of a British High Commission.

| treaty with the covenant {fn it by an
overwhelming magsority.”’

} . ‘ath meGheth ee? A itematiie articularly with the col- | varty already are in Washington and|!t but it must meet that objection.”
organizations which are to connect their | vate secretary to Lord Fitzmauric e, Par-| cerning the future status of the Kiel | onies where ng a fer ime ES dozen athnen Saya expected + arrive “T am glad to see that the Monroe
work with the work of the league. . | liamentary Under Secretary of State for! Canal have not yet been settled, but ry sco y : : . l thin @aste : .| Doctrine is preserved,” said Senator

“Article 26 permits th and t 6b worsie Atrai na.contt d 1 raw lit: \ goods is far greater than ever before. ; this week or in the near future. No for ;

Bete ore te arc eeh oc ee ote reign Sbaars anc continued uncer va~) that an agreement has been reached on Industries are not afraid of the new! |mal conference has been called, but it! Walsh (Mont.), Democrat. “I believe
the covenant by a majority of the States | rious Under Secretaries until 1912, when | the principle of internationalization, takak. But thay. WRT ReBUbanced ae tO is understood that there will be informal | the new draft will be satizfactory to n
Serceing | the Assembly, pereeu on) ne became private secretary to Premier a E 1 h00 000 (00 | what policy is to be followed Then they | T0 FACE A TRIAL gatherings at which the policy for the | big majority of the people of the coun
three-fourth of the States, though it Asquith. —— } ' j wane : ; : try and that the Senate will ratify the

LONDON SEES WILSON GIFT.

matter with regard to the vote in the

j toward production, with every prospect |
council, ‘

of making the coming year a glowing

| of how the attack shall be conducted will
be

taken up. Senators who have been

: hae ‘ : i Continued from First Page. . i Haw Senator Pittman (Nev. Democrat’,
“The second paragraph of Article 26) In 1904 Sir Eric married Angela Mary, /Gold Casket, to Hold Freedom of Alcohol, Tobacco and Bach-) ?*6* '” the nation’s industrial history. - Lecce lem te euikuee or lee Weople Seed ine said: “The new draft. should remove
§e also new and was added at the re-| oe tp dabeed of the Sec one en City. Exhibited. ‘hief Part | TT Eee ee ; be its duty to fix the punishment which! covenant and {t may be determined | CVery possible objection of a sincere ob-
PONG; of the HERRERA Cae AU ote| Harries. a NYS wo CMEntEER. Bn; Sy tht tna ree, lerhood to Bear Chief Par ‘SAYS GERMAN TRADE ' * considers should be imposed. | whether ars mill es re pretok tan iak ee ta Mat ea ante
, ey i at Lonpon ril 2 ‘i ’ ; “‘The Allied and Associated Powers | Making or whether they will await the | © ; o a

culties, It permits any member of the; who married the widow of Marshal A peatanil Bod eitiee ale ee of Increase. CAN T HURT AMERICA 1 ciated convening of Congress to resume the|7eason. The treaty with the League o!

league to dissent from an amendment, ; Field, Jr., of Chicago, is a distant rela- — Ba j; Will ad@ress a request to the Govern-! 4.1; Nations covenant in it will, in my opin-

‘ference.
choice of the four member States who! London from the French capital this |

the effect of such  diseent being with- |
drawal from the league. t

“And the annex is added, giving the |
mames of the signatories of the treaty.
who become members, and the names of
the States invited to accede to the cove-!
mant. These are all the changes, I be-
Neve, which are of moment,

“Mr. President: I take thé oppor-
tunity to move the following fesolutions
fn order to carry out the provisions of
the covenant. You will notice that the |
covenant provides that the first secre-!
tary-general shall be chosen by this con-
It also provides that the first

are to be added to the five great Powers |
on the council! is left to this conference. |

Nomination of Drammond.

“I move, therefore, that the first sec- |
retary-general of the council shall be!
the Hon. Sir James Eric Drummond
and second, that until such time as the |
assembly «hall have selected the first |
four members of the league to be rep- |
resented on the council in accordance!
with the Article 4 of the Covenant, rep- |
resentatives of Belgium, Brazil, Greece |
and Spain shall be members, and third,
that the Powers to be represented on
the council of the League of Nations!
are requested to name representatives |
who shall form a committee of nine to!
Prepare plans for the organization of |
the league and for the establishment of
the seat of the league and to make ar-
rangements and to prepare the agenda!
for the first meeting of the assembly, |
this committee to report both to the.
council and to the assembly of the |
league.

“I think it not necessary to call your

attention to other matters we have
previously discussed—the capital sig-
nificance of this covenant, the hopes!

which are entertained as to the effect
“it will have upon steadying the affairs |
of the world, and the obvious necessity |
that there should be a ‘concert of the
free nations of the world to maintain
justice in international relations, the
relations between people and between
the nations of the world.

A Last Mour Alteration.

‘Tf Baron Makino will pardon me for
introducing a ma@ter which I absent-
mindedly overlooked, it is necessary for
me to propose the alteration of several
words in the first line of. Article 5, Let
me say that in several parts of the
treaty, of which this covenant will form
@ part, certain duties are. assigned to
the council of the League of Nations.
In some instances it is provided that
the action they shall take shall he by
a majority vote. It is therefore neces-
sary to make the covenant conform with
the cther portions of the treaty by ad-
ding these words. I will read the first
line and add the words:

“‘EXxxcept where otherwise expressly
provided in this covenant, or by the
terms of this treaty, decisions at any
meeting of the assembly or of the coun-
ell shall require the agreement of all
the members of the league Meee)

at the meeting.’

“‘Except where otherwise expressly

provided in this covenant’ is the pres- |
ent reading, and T move the additién |
‘or by the terms of this treaty." With}
that additjon. I move the adoption of

the covenant.”

Japan Expresses Regret. |

Baron Makino, head of the Japanese |
delegation, in a brief speech, called at-
tention to the Japanese amendment on

Platinumsmiths 630 FIFTHAVE. © Jewelers

| document were changes

tive of Sir Eric.

WILSON IS HAPPY;
JAPANESE PROTEST

Racidl Equality Plea Heard
at Plenary Session.

 

By the Associated Presa,

{
!
|

'

 

{

| Guildhall,

tain the certificate of the freedom of the
City of London to be presented to Pres-
ident Wilson, {s now on view at the

throughout and bears the portraits of
King George and Mr. Wilson and figures
representing Britannia and Liberty, The
arms of the allied countries and of the
City of London appear itn enamel below
the portraits

The casket stands on

Plinth which is supported by feet fash.

Lonpox, April 28.—The following re- joned according to the arms of the city.

port of the plenary session of the Peace

Conference in Paris was telephoned to
evening:
The elect storm was raging at the

time, and the ice particles beat a tattoo
on the windows of the conference room
throughout the session. President Wil-

‘

 

 

SNOW COVERS BRITISH ISLES.

Telegraph and Telephone Wires
Broken by Storm.
Lonpon, April 28.— Following a period

eon was the first of the delegates to ar-|Of perfect spring weather one of the

rive. He appeared to be in remarkably

| good spirits.

David Lloyd George, the _ British
Prime Minister, was absent at the com-
mencement of the proceedings, bet en-
tered the chamber during President
Wilson's speech. ‘The programme in-
cluded, in addition to the league cove-
nant, clauses for the peace treaty re-
garding International labor. M. Clemen-
ceau, the French Premier, opened the
proceedings at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.

President Wilson then explained the
revised covenant. He said most of the
alterations that had been made in the
In. phraseology
and not substance. The President then
moved that the first Secretary-General
be Sir James Eric Drummond, and
that the Powers name representatives
to form a committee of nine to pre-
pare pians for organizing the league
and establishing the seat of the league.

President Wilson said it was unnec-
essary to emphasize the significance of
the great covenant and the hope ¢n-
tertained by the conference that the
free nations of the world would main-
tain justice in international relations
and peace between nations.

Japanese Plea Heard.

Baron Makino of the Japanese delega-
tion followed President Wilson and pro-
posed the Japanese amendment for ra-
celal equality. He said there was a pos-
sibility of the race question beeonimse
acute and that equality of nations
should be a fundamental principle of the
League of Nations. He regretted, he
said, that President Wileon's speech had
not been translated. It was the first

time, he declared, that any delegate naa |

overlooked the formality of a transla-
tion.

Baron Makino said the original Japan-
ese amendment asked for just and equa!
treatment of all subjects of states
members of the League. He must make
it clear that the clause“~hoe was pre-
senting enunciated principle only and
left application to the
concerned. The Japanese invited
Kovernments merely to recognize the
seriousness of the question. The mili-
tary ability imposed by the league,

mony

worst storms in some time raged over
the British Isles last night, coveting the}
eountry with from four to six inches of
snow. t

Telegraph and telephone lines suffered
severely and communication is cut off
many dlrectiona from London. Com-/}
munication with the continent ts inter-
rupted. In this city, which received the
brunt of the storm, 5,000 telephones
were put out of service.

BLACKLIST MERELY SHELVED.

Associated

 

 

Governments
Right to Renew It.

By the Associated Press

Bertin, April 28.—-The President of
the British commission in Germany has
notified the (german Armistice Commis-
sion of the withdrawal of all blacklists
and the abolition of all trading disabili-
tles. He added, however, that the allied
and associated Governments reserved |
the right to reintroduce all or any such
blacklists, should this be considered nev-
essary.

The resolution of the allled and as-
sociated Governments. was taken on an |
expregs proposal made by the Rritish
Rerernmen se

Reserve

 

“STILL VAGUE”—TOWNSEND.

Covenant Draft Improved, but Not
Perfect, Says Michigan Senator.
Special Despatch to Tur Srv,

TACKBON, Mich,, April 28.--Comment-
ing on the amended draft of the conati-
tution for the League of Nations Senator
Charles E, Townsend (Michigan) says
that while it seems to be more in har-
with the views of those Senators

| who protested against the first one and

 

governments ! ¢, speculate as to why this
the} of words

the Baron added, made equality betwean |

the members of the league necessary.
Continuing, Baron Makino reminded} put
the conference that the amendment

presented to the league
11 asserting equality of nations was re-
jected, although there was a strong ma-
jority in its favor, He said he now took
the opportunity to declare plainly the
Japaness position expressed in the
amendment declaring equality of na-
tions should be a fundamental princi-
ple of the league, the high contracting

ae

7

Our Remounting Specialists are prepared to trans-
‘form Old Jewelry into Modern Gattle Creations

Chposite St. Patrick's Cethedrai

Invest in the Victory Léan

 

| enforcement

committee April | appeal

has been amended in several vital par-
ticulars, it is, however, still vague where
It ought to be clear and one is forced

Juggling

“The Monroe Doctrine,” he said, “has
heen recognized in terms such as, in my
judgment, will warrant the United
States in good faith to insist upon
the same as
will also
which
to the
interpretation,

“Opportunity for a nation to get out
of the league is given in the new draft.
and this {s one vital importanea and
removes one of the objections iv the}
original. The ambiguous term ‘high!
contracting parties’ is replaced with a,
clear one, ‘members of the league.’
Amendments to the covenant which may |

its
in the .past,
afford grounds for a
wishes to violate
league for

it
nation it to

a different

It is of eighteen carat gold |

lines
pending
Wednenday. ,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue 8rx.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.
Lonpon, April 28.—The present week

in the House of Commons promises to
'

bring forth some intimations of tiie ter-
rible cost of the war. To meet the un-
recedented deficit Chancellor of the

a& water gilt! Exchequer Chamberlain has been forced

to impose new duties on luxuries wher-
ever possible. The chief increase is ex-
fall on liquor, beer and to-
bacco, with possibly a new tax on oache-

pected to

lorhood.

Lor several weeks Mr. Chamberlain
has been working on ways and means
to raise 7,500,000,000 Tlie present

task greatly contracts with the last bud-
get he made in 19605, when he was re-
quired to raise only $750,009,000, at the
same time announcing a reduction in the
netioral debt and
duty on tea

All the prophets agree that the tax
despite the fact that it was thought
Chanceltor Bonar Law touched the high
water mark in this direction last year.
But the Government's expert advisers
apparently believe that further revenue
can ee aqueesed out of the whiskey and
beer industry. It is said that the tax
is to be worded in such a way that the
distiller and brewer will have the added
burden.
formed it will be a new
Great Britain.

experience for

May Review Profit Tax.

Tobaceo, which is customarily taxed
along with alcohol, probably will be
forced to yield further revenue. The

whole income tax question is to be re-
viewed by a royal commission, so Mr
Chamberlain probably will leave the ex-
isting schedules undisturbed. It is
agreed that Great Britain is about to
suffer a reaction from her artificially
swollen war profits and this reaction is
beginning to make itself felt on the
national revenues.

There is a question whether the pres-
ent taxes ought to continue. The Gov-
ernment is pledged to not to retain the
excess profits duty permanentiyy and
strong pressure ts being exerted on the

the removal of the |

If such a miracle can be per-;

Secretary Redfield Has No

j

i o% Special Despatch to Tae Sr.

trade, particularly in this country,
the view of Secretary of Commerce Red-
| fleid. He is convinced that the stories
of German preparedness for future con-
quest of world matkets and recovery of
her dye monopoly in the United States
are a bugaboo.

Any thinking man realizing the con-
ditions in Germany to-day, he sald, her

weakened man power, her weakened {n-y

y dustrial organisation and her poor credit

position, can realize that the Germans

cannot hope to compete with highly

organized American industrial effort.
Tariff legislation, Mr tedfield ear-

i nestly bélisves, is not necessary for the

' protection of American industries. These |.
able to;

industries,
| take care

he says, are amply
of themselves, particularly

in the present condition of the world's}
'N}on alcoholic liquors must be increased | industrial situatioff.

convinced that certain imports
Germany will have to be encouraged if

;} Germany is to pay us ultimately. for
! American products which éhe |
needs.

Unless Germany and the other coun-
tries with which we must trade to
{earry our foreign trade forward can pay

| pay us partly in goods our commerce
will shrink, Mr. Redfield believes, be-
cause the war stricken nations have

neither the cash nor the credit to make
| good otherwise.

| Secretary Redfield is frankly an anti-
|tariff man, and his arguments in

  
 

jother ways may be construed as op-
| posing higher tariffs. He is prepared to
stand on the principle that American
| industry needs no-protection and that
|
|

misguided protection will bring a shrink-
age in American trade as a whole which
will have a bad effect upon the indus-
trial situation

FIUME ANNEXATION
REPORTS ARE DENIED

|Wileon Ie Not to ‘Add to His

Fear of Cheap Competition. |

WASHINGTON, April 2§.--America need |
| have no fear of German .competition in]
is |

 

toffice, or employment, which they hejd

Furthermore he is}
from }

his;
{ Rpeeches to trade organizations and in|

}
'
|
{

i
|

|
|

Chancellor to bring about immediate} Adriatic Statement.

relief, if not the entire removal of this —--

burden, without waiting for the Royal! Paris, April 28.—The Temps to-day
commission to complete its work. If} says that it is asserted in American
Mr, Chamberlain yields to this pressure Bonde Conference circles that President
he must impose new taxes to take the | Wilson does not expect to add anything,

place of the tremendous losses that will
result.

British trade is waiting with the
greatest apprehension for an announce-
ment as to the Government's policy along
this line, big business concerns in many

actually holding up work,
Mr, Chamberlain's statement

The Government's present policy com-
bines the old pre-war customs’ dutles
imposed for revenue purposes, together
with war-time Import restrictions, These

restrictions will disappear largely be-
fare the end of June.

Business Men Discontented,

Among business men there {s wide-
discontent over minor Interferences of
the Government, such as ficreased pos-
tal rates and increased petty taxes on
business transactions. These men say

they want a bold, far seeing financial
policy of raising revenue witb little ad-
ministrative cost and with the minimum
of government interference. They look

to hie recent statement on the Adriatic
issue with Italy Paris newspapers re-
port that Salvatore Barzilai, a member
lof the Italian peace delegation who left
| Paris with Premier Orlando Friday night,
maid he did not intend to return to

Paris. Barzilai is a Republican Deputy
and a former member of the Italian
Cabinet

The following denial that posters an-
'nouncing the annexation of Fiume by
Italy had appeared in Rome by official
‘order before President Wilson issued
‘his recent statement on the Adriatic
| question was nrade by the Italian dele-

| gation here:

{ “Persons near Preeident Wilson have
asserted that what decided him to pub-
lish his message wasn the news that
while the Italian delegation was is-
cussing the Adriatic problem placards
‘proclaiming the annexation of Fiume:
jhad been posted up in the streets of

Rome by the order of Premier Orlando,
This is absolutely false.
“Patriotic assoctations in Italy have

 

}

 

|
|
|

‘hereafter be made cannot be forced upon | forward to a future in which taxes will |for months past been issuing placards!

a dissenting nation.

not be continuously upward. All bus!-

demanding not only the annexation of |

“From the casual reading I have given! nees inen feel that so far as the cur-| Fiume but that of the entire Dalmatian

the new document I am inclined to be-
Neve it will receive at least the qualified
support of the Senate and the people.”

 

rent year's expenditures are concerned
the Chancellor will be justified tn rais-
ing part of the necessary money by bor-
rowing, but the sooner he gets over the
necessary loans the better it will be for
the country’s business, Especially they
want a clear statement of what the Goy-
ernment intends to do Tt im believed
the best method will be to issue securt-
ties on sufficiently attractive terms to
obtain general support from the public,

Husiness men are taking an unusual
interest In the conntry's fiscal affairs and
are watching closely the trend of events
in the United States to discover, if pos-
sible, how the (Government's financial
manavres are going to affect interna-
tional credit. There is ample assurance
throughout Great Britain that trade will

[sas the Flume guestion,

{coast. They were never ordered to do
so by the Government.

|

\
\

“When President Wilson visited Rome |

jhe could have verified the facts (pre-
;®umably as to the long previous exiat-
jence of such posters) as the decorations
,of the city included placards bearing the
| legend, "Viva Flume! Viva Spalato
‘Italiana!’

Ry the

Associated livesa

Paris, April 28.—No credence is given!

at the “White House" to the statement
that Thomas Nelson Page, the American
Ambassador to Italy, ls coming to Paris
lon account of differences with the Presi-
It ts de-
clared that nothing is known here of any
buch differences,

 

 

ment of Tho Netherlands for the sur- |

Senator Lodge (Maas.), Republican. ar-
them of the ex-emperor riv®d here to-night for an indefinite stay.
order that he may be put on trial. | He declined to comment on the covenant,
ee saying he wished to make a thorough
Governe | of it before he comments.

| “Article T1.—The German study
ment not having insured the punishment) Senator Sherman (11/.), Republican, |
of the persons accused of having exer- said: “T shall not support the revised
cleed acts in violation of the laws ana! easue or vote for ft because the amend- |
if . : {ments do not sufficiently cover the ob- |
customs of war, such persons will be | sections made which I regard as vital.
| brought before muitary tribunals by | The original draft and the amendments
the Allied and Associated Powers and) both are bared on a state of civilization |

if found guilty sentenced to the punish-| that does not exist. I wish that it dia

render in

to

ments laid down by military law. {but we must take the human tently |
“"The.German Government shall hand} as we find it The millennium {s not}
over to the Allied and Associated Pow- | here The League of Nations cannot |

ers, or to such one of them as shall so operate satisfactorily
; Tequest, all persons accused of having} pave our primal ;
committed an act in violation of the! nase

laws and customs of war, who are S8Pe-| Senator Sherman said he
cified either by name, by the rank. the amendments did not remove the;
) Objection that the League imposed a
| Superior sovereignty over each nation
| that became a member. He sald he ob-
| fected to Articles 16 and
10 and provision relating to
mandatories

because
impulses as

we
in

atill!
years

considered

or

| under the German authorities
‘Article III].—Persons guilty of crim-
inal acts against the nationals of one
of the Allied and Associated Powers
will be brought before the military trib-
unal of that Power. i by
“'Persons guilty of criminal acts | Article 16," sald he,
against the nationals of more than one | Onsress the right to
of the allied and associated Powers will | @nces of the nation.

particularly
to the

“removes from
control the fin-

be brought before military tribunals “That cannot be done under the Con-
composed of members of the military | Stitutfon. Article 10 binds in a solfd
tribunals of the Powerg concerned. mould the territorial boundaries of the

“'In every case the accused will be en- | World. I want to seo a League of |
titled to name his own counsel Nations, but I do not want to see it so |

“*Article IV.—The German Govern-| badly as to be willing to destroy my.
ment undertakes to furnish all docu-|own government.”
ments and information of every kind,
the production of which may be consid-
ered necessary to insure the full knowl-
edge of the incriminating acts, the dis-
covery of the offenders, the just appre-
ciation of the responsibility

Might Drag Us to India. |

|
| The Senator eald that ae he inter-
| preted Article 10 this natian might some
| day be called upon to ald Great Britain,
| for instance, to settle her troubles in
India, not because India is a British |
eclony but because trouble there might
he fostered by some unfriendly Asiatic
Power. or even by Germany, and through |
the influence of thia kind tha “external
aggression” against which members of
the league are bound to support each
other would be encountered.

“It fe not every fire.” he said, “that
ought to call out & world fire depart-
ment.”

Senator Sherman objected to the fact |
that America would have only one vote |
in the league counct!

“One vote for 110,000,000 people, the

RECIPROCITY DENIED GERMANY

Hut Must Extend Favored Nation
Treatment to Allien.

Paris, April ~The report of the!
Economic Commission of the Peace Con- |
ference, the Echo de Paris says, contains
clauses for insertion in the preliminary
peace treaty that Germany ahall give
the allied and associated nations the

ag

treatment of most favored nations with-
any reciprocity

 

, Was
, last sentence to correct an obvious error

‘burgh

   
 

jon, be speedily ratified by the Senate.’

Senator Johnson (Cal.), Republican,
said: “T am studying the League of Na
tions as an American—a_ selfish. pro-
vincial llttle Amertean, ff you please,
but with my whole thought for my own
country. I am only an American fer
América first."

LEAGUE DEBATE ARRANGED,
Senators Poindexter and Hitoh-
cock Will Speak in Baltimore.
Wasuincton, April 28.—Two cabled
“orrections upon the text of the annex
to the covenant were received to-day

by the State Department. In the list

of original members the name of New
South Waies was eliminated and that of
New Zealand added The word “No”
inserted at the beginning of the

transmission

Announcement was made to-day thag
Senator Poindexter (Washington), Ree
publican, a Senator Hitchcock (Ne»
braska), Democrat, retiring, chairmaft

in

| of the Senate Foreign Relations commits
| tee, would engage in a joint debate off

the League of Nations covenant deform
the Baltimore Press Cluy The dete
will be May & or 15.

 

DANIELS IN EDINBURGH,

Secretary Is Guest of Lord Proves
of Corporation.

EDINBURGH, .April 28.—Secretary of
the Navy Daniels was a guest of the
Lord Provost of the corporation of Editn.
at dinner this evening. In ar
address Mr. Daniels said that the page
of the war's history which would glow
with the greatest lustre would be that
recording the part played by the British
and allied navies.

Rosrtn, Scotland, April 28.—Josephur
Daniels, the Amertcan Secretary of the
Navy. and Mrs. Daniels arrived here to
day. They were met by the commander
in chief of the naval station and had
luncheon with him at the Admiralty
House,

 

Do you Demand a Dependable Disinterested

Directorate P

The New York Trust Company

FIFTH

1 AVENUE OFFIC!

Sth Avenue and 57th Street

Officers and trustees of The New
York Trust Company invite minutest investigation, by their depositors,
of all transactions.

MAIN OFFICE
26 Broad Street

 

FIFTH AVF. OFFICE
Sth Avenue & {7th Street