eames

     

 

 

 

wT !to remake human nature and national’
be ibe BWM, cniractoriatten by means of high
AND NEW YORK PRESS. : | sounding words—proves the wisdom
Se nas apeneepamaacsomee and eminent propriety of that which
TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1910. _| Senator Knox proposed to the Senate town who watches the throng of good
SiEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRess. | twenty weeks ago. | looking, well gowned girls that pour
The Associated Press is exclusively en: Manifestly the right thing for the out of the downtown offices and
news, feapatches, treated to it Mor not | Senate to do when it is called in ses- sweep up Nassau street, or who
the focal news published beret oa ae sion Is to accomplish this separation |
adetiedn es ihertin cepesrention .e pow of subjects, notwithstanding Prest-|
oo | dent Witson’s obstinate efforts to uptown shops and stores—is there a
Entered at the Post Office at New York @8| prevent that separation, We say} man of New York who can tell from
seeeeaneneaaiie teeta President Wasen's efforts, for heithe dress she wears if one of these
personally and individually has been | sitls is banker's daughter, million-
the promoter of the entanglement. | alress, college girl or shop girl?
He has repeatedly and openly threat-! A Boston man, though, has under-
, ened to tie up the question of peace| taken to, solve the problem, and his
with the question of a league of na-| effort, as might have been expected,

New York.” But accepting with due
modesty this implied superiority of
New York, is there a man of this big

 

—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
One Six One
Year. Months. Month.
DAILY & SUNDAY...$10.00 $5.00 $1.00

DALY only......sce+ 8.00 4.00
SUNDAY only........ 3.00 10 40

Canadian Rates.

; '
does not care as much for dress as

an equally interesting crowd filing |
Fifth avenue at the closing of the! forth by the authors of the covenant

  

» Posh
Sh ea as Cua ee
THE SUN, APRIL 29,

Many conflicting interests had to be ! THE ADRIATIC QUESTION.
considered, and the question of repre-

sentation ndmittedly gave rise to seri-
ous difficulties.

1919,

Corea by declaring for “self-determina-
tion,” and did nothing while they were

Expressions by Wire and Mail From *!@ughtered.

4. He has caused America to be dis-
American Citizens of Italian and ikea in France and ftaly.

| All in all, the Commission on Inter-| Other Blood on the Claim to Fiume.| 5. He has raised a serious question by

national Labor Legislation produced! To tHe Epitor or Tue SuN—Sir: Ital-| his “league to promote war,” by Japan's

a plan and specifications highly re-|!ans of Schenectady gathered in a great | ame for ie Seana

spectable in comparison with the cove- | ™as# meeting wish to express to you! %. He refuses to call Congress, pre-

nants, original ah revised brought | thelr deepest gratitude for the true, ferring to start the millennium while
, Y noble American stand on the’ Flume, Ur country Is crying for reconstruction

question that you have taken. Assur- | legislation,

ing you of their deep love to America 7. He has done nothing for the poor

and Italy, ITALIAN COLONY. boys fMghting in Russia.

SCHENECTADY, April 24. 8, He has left the country without
President or Congress at a time when
both were needed most.

9. He has made it so that America’s
participation in a league is almost im-
possible, by quarrelling with Italy and
France.

How will he anewer these questions to
the satisfaction of the people, let alone

es bea

vw
4 ee)

 

TUESDAY,

 

 

 

 

 

 

for a league of nations.

Will the Germans Sign the Peace
Treaty?

 

I ” J ‘
What will be the effect of the in- =) ee Wiuve
To tue Epitor or THe Sun—Sir:

Adie "Marlin oe Ae = he ; Scranton Italians assembled here to-day

extend thanks to you on your stand on
former Kaiser and other criminal and!the italian question and urge that you
only less notorious violators of the| continue your verbal fight in Italy's be-
laws and customs of war? \jhalf. We also humbly request you to

 

 

 

 

 

: 00 $1.00

BLS Seen nessa #505 23 | tions. Not longer ago than March 5,, has increased the difficulty by merely
SUNDAY On ics sees Tie 2.50 50! shen he was in New York, he defi-|“adding to the discussion.” For now
PALLY & erin... gi2.00 2.25] ntly told his hearers in the Metro- President Heamon C. Bumrvs of Tufts
DAILY Poe ssseeee oS ? at 1 politan Opera House that “when that} College has made the test by having
- ee aes a“ treaty comes back gentlemen on this} forty girls from Jackson College
THE EVENING SUN, Fer Month.....08-06| side will find the covenant not only | Choose some feminine article of dress.
THE EVENING SUN(Foreign), Por Mo. 1.50) in it but so many threads of the| “The majority chose highly colored
BOOKS AND THE BOOK WORLD, ., treaty tled to the covenant that you and inferior material in preference to
Crexhe. Sis0 "Sthor ‘couniries... 2.00) cannot dissect the covenant from the | better quality and more subdued and

All checks, money orders, &c., to be
Made payable to Tas Sun.

Published dally, including Sunday, by the
Sun Printing and Publishing Association,
ad Nassau st., Borough of Manhattan, N. Y.

sident, Frank A. Munsey, 150 Nassau st.;
Vice-President, Ervin Wardman; Secretary,
R. H. Titherington; Treas. Wm. T. Dewart,
all of 150 Nassau street.

London office, 40-48 Fleet street.

Paris office, 6 Rue de la Michodiere, off
Rue du Quatre Septembre.

Washington off Munsey Bullding.

Srgenlzn office, Reom 202, Eagle Bulld-
ing, 308 Washington street.

 

   

 

 

If our friends whe favor us with manu-
scripts and illustrations for publication wish
to ¢@ rejected articles returned they must
tm ali cases send stampe for that purpose.

TELEPHONE, BEEKMAN 2200.

 

 

 

 

For the Senate.

The text of the revised scheme
of the League of Nations is now
before the public. It has been ac-
cepted by the Peace Conference. The
changes from the earlier draft are in
some instances modifications of the
original proposal, in many instances
mere variations of arrangement and

“verbal expression. It will be noted

that instead of being styled a constl-
tution, following a brief covenant as
preamble to the several articles, the
entire document is now described as
a “covenant,” that is, preamble, arti-
cles and annex, The change is non-
essential. The covenant is a treaty
just the same, and it must go in the
constitutional way to the Senate of
the United States for ratification, re-
jection or amendment as the Senate
may in its wisdom determine.

’ In the main the revised league is
the same old league which the Amer-
ean people have been considering for
two months and a half, and which
Tue Sun has been discussing from
time to time with reference to fea-
tures in our opinion objectionable and
impossible of acceptance.

This fe still, thank heaven! a repub-
lic bound by its traditional policy and
by the spirit of our Institutions and
by the provisions of our Constitution
iteelf to avoid any such entanglements
in European affairs, any such involve-
ment in a quagmire of unreckoned
responsibilities as President W1tson
had in mind when he first went
aboard the George Washington and
steamed away from his post of con-
stitutional duty, We do not belleye
that the verbal attempts in the re-
vised version to evade the manifest
dangers of the proposed enterprise,
even at the expemse of the working
efficiency of the league for its avowed
purposes, have succeeded in making
the document satisfactory to Ameri-
can sentiment. We are very sure that
when the covenant reaches the United
States Senate the process of scrutiny
will be not less careful and critical,
the resistance to unconstitutional and
dangerous engagements not less reso-
lutely independent of President W11-
son’s individual will in the matter,
than it would have been if the league
had gone to the final judge of its
merits in the form in which it was
first published hast February. Fur-
thermore, we are confident that Amer-
fcean sentiment will support the Sen-
ate in taking all the time necessary
for deliberate action concerning a pro-
posal of surpassing importance to the
future of our country, which has re-
quired so many months for the pro-
ponent thereof to formulate for sub-
mission at Washington to the supreme
authority in treaty making.

One interesting and important ques-
tfon, however, is suggested by the pub-
Ieation of this covenant in separate
form apart from the general treaty.
The whole treaty must go to the Sen-
ate for the same constitutional proc-
ess of examination, ratification with
or without amendments or reserva-
tions, or rejection outright if it can-
rot be brought into consonance with
the national interests of America first,
last and chiefly. The people are thus
reminded of the soundness and fore-
sight of the proposal contained in the
resolution offered by Senator Knox
when Congress met last December.
The Knox resolution separated the
making of peace from the making of
any sort of league of nations.

The treaty of peace terminating the
war and war conditions and war ex-
penditures was to be concluded, ac-
cording to the terms of the Knox
resolution, as speedily as possible and
strictly in accordance with the de-
clared aims for which the United
States entered the war. On the other
hand, any project for a general league
of nations was to be treated as a sep-
arate proposition and disposed of sep-
arately. This proper division of sub-
jects was stubbornly resisted by Pres-
ident Wirson and his spokesmen and
political agents In the then Demo-
cratic Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions in a then Democratic Senate
and Congress. The sequel, involving
months and months of delay in clos-
ing the war and cost incalculable to

treaty without destroying the whole
vital structure.” In all the record
of his various manifestations of au-
tocratic proclivities there is perhaps
nothing which surpasses this.

What we do not know yet, and
what we cannot know until the text
of the general treaty becomes public
property, is how far the President's
influence and exertions have managed
to intertwine the two different sub-

jects in such a way as to make the;

necessary business of concluding
peace carry througn ‘his personally
conceived peace league notion as an
inseparable rider. If he has suc-
ceeded in any considerable degree he
has added to the difficulty of the task
ahead for the American Senators.
But the duty of the Senators and the
constitutional power of the Senate
are the same with regard to the gen-
eral treaty as with regard to the cove-
nant, The responsibility for unfortu-
nate results proceeding from the po-
litical, trick of combination will be
with the negotiator of the treaty, not
with the judges of its acceptability
to our Government.

Twice in our history the Senate has
prevented a fatal entanglement of the
United States in European affairs.
The earlier occasion was when that
exalted body of representative Ameri-
cans ratified the first and second set
of conventions for the pacific settle-
ment of {International disputes, but
attached thercto the reservation orig-
inally proposed by our delegates to
the Hague conference, as follows:

“Nothing contained In this conven-
tion shall be so construed as to re-
quire the United States of America
to depart from its traditional policy
of not intruding upon, interfering
with or entangling iteelf in the po-
litical questions of policy or interna)
administration of any foreign state;
nor shall anything contained in the

sald convention be construed to im-

ply a relinquishment by the United

States of its traditional attitude to-}

ward purely American questions.”

The second occasion was when thet
same American Senate ratified the
general act and protocol drawn at the
Algeciras Conference of 1906 with the
subjoined reservation:

“Resolved further, That the Gen-
ate, as a part of this act of ratifi-
cation, understands the participation
of the United States in the Algeciras
Conference and in the formation and
adoption of the general act and pro-
tocol which resulted therefrom, was
. without purpose to depart
from the traditional American foreign
policy which forbids participation by
the United States in the settlement of
political questions which are entirely
European in thelr scope.”

Does it seem likely that the Ameri-
can Senate, which has twice safe-
guarded thus carefully and patrioti-
cally the integrity of our traditional
American policy of independence of
Puropean entanglements, will be sat-
isfied with mere mention in the pro-
posed covenant of the Monroe Doc.
trine as “a regional understanding
for seouring the maintenance of
peace’—a grossly if not intentionally
untrue description of that doctrine
and a pitiably insufficient declara-
tion of its continued existence?

 

A Pathetic Instance Where College
Education Fails.

A matter of education that appears
so far to have been neglected by the
vigilant and active Federal Bureau of
Education is called to the serious at-
tention of this country by a despatch
from Boston where in the past so
many important educational ideas
have been developed and so many re-
forms yndertaken,

Apparently trivial as the matter
may seem to the innocent bystander
in comparison with the League of Na-
tions or the spread of Bolehevism it is
declared to be “the subject of a heated

conservative colors.” Then another
test was made when twenty shop girls
svere shown the same materials and
told to choose what they themselves
would wear. ‘Not one of them failed
to select the articles of the best
quality.”

Then there was the usual result
when man attempts to mix in femi-
nine affairs, President MPUS gave
it up. These are his svords as quoted
from the despatch:

“Here is a pathetic instance of
where college education falls to edu-
cate.” '

There we leave this matter clouded
in gloom; we merely give our author-
ity and consistently refrain from any
further expression than that it should
be referred to the professorial depart-
ment of the Government as soon as It
resumes operation at Washington.

 

Professor Hart's Case.

Professor Atnert B. Hart of Har-
vard University laments his Sunday
evening appearance on the stage in
this town with Scotr Nearine, and
protests that had he known in ad-
vance the character of the diatribe
Nearina intended to deliver their
misnamed “joint debate” would never
have occurred.

We have no sympathy with the
Cambridge historian in the unsavory
mess in which he finde himself.

Anybody mentally equipped to pro-
mote the progress of a wheelbarrow
who has had opportunity to watch the
antics of notoriety seekers in this
country during the last half a dozen
years ought to know exactly what
Nearino's sentiments ere and pre-
cisely what his methods of making
them known are. A professor of Gov-
ernment in a leading American uni-
versity who on Apri] 27, 1919, did not
have NEaRING's measure must have
led a truly cloistered life,

What Professor Hart did on Sun-
day evening was to furnish a much
desired gloss of academic respectabil-
ity for the promulgation of Scott
Nearinc’'s highly unoriginal and
highly unimportant utterances, which
without the presence of the represen-
tative of Harvard University would
never bave attracted attention. Pro-
fessor Harr should have known
enough to keep out of such society,
and as he did not few people will
regret that he got the treatment he
has received.

 

Labor’s Bill of Rights.
The nine principles embodied in the

Will it add to the indisposition of ‘extend the thanks of Scranton Italians

the German commissioners at Ver-
sailles to accept the justly severe
terms which steam roller diplomacy
has prepared for them?

Or will the representatives of a
new Germany welcome the opportu-
nity to throw back upon a previous
and overthrown dynasty the respons!-
bility for these historic, ineffaceable
perfidies and horrors?

We shall learn by waiting; and #0
will the two HonenzotierRNs, Von
Tinritz and the rest of them.

 

It is of course too early yet to judge
of the value of the Marshall Stillman
club enterprise hopefully launched last
week in a Harlem clubhouse, but the
plan of the practical men who are
backing the scheme is likely to gain
wide sympathetic interest. A _ well
equipped gymnasium, athletic instruc-
tion with boxing prominently featured,
locker rooms and baths are the chief
attractions. Other entertainment than
that afforded by athletics may be pro-
vided by members who can sing or
play the piano. No lectures, no sermons,
no religious instructions; any young
man is eligible for membership who
prefers to pass his evenings in such a
club rather than in saloons, dance
halls or pool rooms; basis of support,
dues payable by members who can af-
ford to pay them, or payable for those
who cannot afford them by “friends
down town.” The rules and regulations
for members seem to amount to about
this: “Mind your own business and
be mannerly.” We heartily wish great
success for the Marshall Stillman club
movement.

There are in France to-day 700,000
German prisoners of war; well fed,
healthy, trained veteran soldters. Ger-
many insists that this great potential
army shall be returned to her befcre
she signs a treaty of peace, This is
important chiefly as one more of the
abundant proofs that Germany's mis-
conception of her world status to-day
is exceeded only by her amazing
ignorance of the opinion of her held
not by all but by a controlling num-
ber of gentlemen now conferring in
Paris. ~

 

The habit of praising easily becomes
strong, deep seated, urgent, as we have
realized in pain these six years past,
during which we have ached in search
of the spoken or written words of
Mr. Secretary Repriecp for some wor-
thy of approval. Thus it is with
genuine relief that we now declare not
half bad the Secretary's exuberant
circumlocution, “It will be necessary
for the members of the Industrial
Board to resume their personal af-
fairs.’ How softer, more lulling such
gentle words than the harsh and
brutal abruptness of declaring that
the gentlemen referred to would, in
certain contingencies, “resign,” “quit,”
“get out”!

 

Democrats who extract entertain-
ment from estimating the comparative
values of the fresh-every-day booms
for the Presidency of statesmen of
their party will find unusual puzzles in
the candidacy status of Senator HitcH-

“bill of rights for labor” submitted tl cock of Nebraska. Until recently the

the Peace Conference by the Interns:-
tional Commission on Labor Legisla-
tion for inclusion in the peace treaty
present nothing radical in view of the
course of labor legislation and prac-
tice in the United States, though they
may appear revolutionary in some
countries,

They call for recognition of the
right of association by employers and
workers “for al] lawful purposes” ; for
special protection of women and chil-
dren in labor; for wages adequate to
“maintain a reasonable standard of
life’; for equal pay for men and
women doing work of equa! quantity
and quality; for the eight hour day,
the forty-eight hour week and a
weekly day of rest for all workers
wherever these are possible; for gov-
ernment enforcement of laws to pro-
tect labor; for equal treatment of
alien workers lawfully within any
country; and declare that “in right
and jn fact the labor of u human be-
ing should not be treated ns merchan-
dise or an article of commerce.”

The theory that the state has no
proper interest {n the conditions un-
der which i!ts citizens labor has been
pretty generally abandoned In civilized
communities. When dispute arises in
them over proposed legislation for the
protection of workere it has to do
with the practicability or necessity of
the projected reforms, not with the
principle on which they are based. In

Senator has been most known by
politicians outside Washington as a
persistent and always successful fight-
er of W1LtiaM J. BRYAN, having sadly
mussed up Mr. Brran’s State plans
frequently. “WmuamM J. pever was
able to deliver counter blows effec-
tively until he became Secretary of
State, when he not only joyously re-
fused to allot any of his patronage to
any Democrat, however much other-
wise deserving, if he were a friend of
Hrrcucock, but also, so long as
he remained in the Cabinet, kept
all other Federal patronage from the
Senator's followers, How would a
known political opponent of the
Peerless stand with the party to-day?
That is the question, and it must be
answered with this interesting fact
always kept in mind: Hrrescocx not
only thought Bryan should be
knocked into a cocked hat but in
Nebraska he has more than once ao
knocked him,
SSS

THE CLARENDON HOTEL.

 

From Its Balcony the Grand Duke
Alexis Reviewed a Parade.

To THE Epitror oF Tue B8uUN-—8ir: To
supplement your reply to HMdward M.
Robinson of Philadelphia:

The Clarendon Hotel was on the south-
east corner of Fourth avenue and Eigh-
teenth street. What appear as vacant
lote in the woodcut were, on the east
side of Fourth avenue, detached houses
with gardens, and on the west side of
the avenue a row of brick residences set
well back from the street line with
lawns. The southwest corner was a

controversy among New England col-}this country we have laws limiting; stable, Bradley's.

lege girls." The question Is

thustthe work hours of women, ant!-child
briefly stated by the Boston corre-|labor enactments, minimum wage acts, |

spondent : “Have shop girls bettertaste | eight hour laws, State inspection sys-

in dress than college girls?"

THE pee has always held to a
strictly neutral and impartial course
upon all these controversies. It was
never drawn Into a discussion regard-

it remained indifferent as to whether |

the hoop skirts of the ’60s or the
bustles of the '80s were to return, and
it was discreetly noncommittal upon
all questions of the shape or degree of

‘the

tems, a mass of legislation regulating
intimately the relations of employer
and employee, Some States have
progressed more rapldly than others

When the Grand Duke Alexts of Rua-
sia visited this country he came ashore
at where Pler A ts now and rode past
the National Guard, whose line extended
north as far as City Hall Park, and
| thence to the Clarendon, where on a
| balcony
they marched by.
\a member of the Twelfth Regiment, N.

 

At the time I was

in such matters, but in none of them!Gg gs, N. Y., so I know.
ing the merits or demerits of tight|is the obligation of the Government
skirts, loose skirts or hobble skirts; | to protect workers denied,

When the machinery advocated by
International Commission on
Labor Legislation to raise the stand-
ards of labor throughout the world to
the plane attained in the most ad-

décolleté costumes for afternoon or| vanced countries {s examined it ap-

evening wear,

It 1s, perhaps, not meet to ask if
| Boston would be the appropriate place
to make a satisfactory test of such
a matter. We can quote, however,

 

pears to be clumsy and> ynwieldy,
This {s not a cause for wonder, Obvyt-
ously its draftsmen bad a hard job
before them; and obviously they were

affected by the proximity of the cove-

the American people—the long post-|the interesting observations of Mrs. inant builders engaged In putting to-

ponement which has brought us to;Mary S. WootMan of the Woman's gether a constitution for a league of |.

nothing more satisfactory than the City Club of Boston, who in discuss- nations through which the General

present Illustration, In the Adriatic, tng the subject of dress a short time Conference and

the International

situation, of the futility of an attempt) ago frankly eaid, “You know Boston | Labor Office are designed to function.
e

The variety (vaudeville) show houses
had a doggere!:
I'd rather be Jay Gould,
Or the beautiful Duke Alexis;
I'd sit at my ease, do as I please
And never pay any taxes,
It also made other references to events
of the day. DoMINICK.
New York, Apri! 28.

 

Information Wanted About a Cele-
brated Structure.

To THe Epitor or THe Scun—Sir; Is

ee

|

to other newspapers throughout the
country who are upholding Italy's claim.
Umberto MoLinari,
Chairman Italian Mass Meeting.
SCRANTON, Pa., April 27.
.

President Wilson's Intrasion.

To THE Epitor or Tue Sun-——Sir: We
thank you for the consideration of your
editorial article, which has been read
by many citizens of Italian birth who
love America. It is very pitiful that the
Chief Executive of the nation should
pick on Italy at the critical moment and
try to put his !dealisms before the peo-
ple. Our belief is that the American
nation is not in fawor of his idealisms,

J. D. GRastavgl,

J. DaNNA,

PAUL TAORMINA,

Fionw Romano,
New Yorx, April 28.

“ye

To tHe Eptror or Tas SuUN—Si#r: Sup-
pose Italy occupies Fiume with her
armed forces. Suppoge England and
France decline to interfere, What
then? We are not at war with Italy.

What's the answer?

New York, April 28.

PERPLEXED,

Fiume or Psstczytxs.

To Tux Eprror or Tue SuN—Sir; When
I read your editorlal article this morn-
ing on “The League to Promote War,”
in which you took up President Wil-
son's stand on the Italian question, I
came to the conclusion that at least one
New York newspaper has hit the nail
on the head. I hope and believe that
the majority of our people do not
sympathise with our President's course
in the Adriatic question. Wher I read
Wilson's statement yesterday I mar-
velled at the audacity of one man set-
ting himself up before the world aa its
fairy godfather. Can you imagine the
expreasions of emotion that would tasue
from the throats of certain bigotted pro-
fessional meddlers should Lloyd George,
Clemenceau or Orlando presume to tell
the people that they know what is best
for the American people, and that since
the city of New York contains thou-
sands of Italians, these people must be
considered and New York made an in-
dependent nation or as an extreme
measure be annexed to Italy. The case
may not be paralle) to that of Fiume,
but {t ts very similar. Fiume is an
Italian city, to which came thousands
of immigrants from the immediate
vicinity and from other parts of the
Austro-Hungarian Empire. Would it
not therefore be fair to heed the wishes
of the majority in New York city
(should the people ever express such a
wish) and set New York up as a free
port for all the world to do business

The Americans would laugh at such
a fanatical proposition, but Italy stands
face to face with just such a fanatical
idea, not as a joke, Dut as a cold,
menacing fact, As ite Latin name will
speak for itself, you can see that the
Itallans were the first in the fleld at
Fiume. The JugoSlavs would have
named the city perhaps Prstczytxz, cer-
tainly not Flume.

Mr, Wilson also excuses his
garding the Treaty of London
Ing that all

disre-
by say-
have changed
and {t must be disregarded to be in
keeping with his “fourteen points,’
“League of Nations,” &c He says that
four yeara have olapsed aince the mak-
ing of that treaty, !n which so many
great things have happened (including
@ statement by him that the boundaries
of Europe must be adjusted according
to natural racial boundaries) that the
Treaty of London, on which Italy relied
when she decided to save civilization,
while our President wae telling us to
be neutral not only in werds but in
thought, must be disregarded, if my
recollection serves me well, more than
four years had elapsed from the time
Germany pledged herself to Belgium's
integrity to the time Von Hethmann-
Hollweg called a treaty a ecrap of
paper. Was there not something ex-
tremely repulsive then about setting at
naught international honor and good
faith? Is not Wilson's course equally
repulsive to a man's sense of honor and
decency? To me it ts.

So far Mr. Wilson's activities in Wu-
rope have brought about revolutions in
Egypt and Corea, the loss of much of
the good will of beth France and Italy,
@ most regrettable delay in making
peace with Germany and a demand on
the part of Japan for racial equality.
If he continues his present course
America will be heartily disliked by al!
Europe and Asia, Then, if we do go
into a League of Nations, every nation
will be inclined to soak us. Wilson is |
making the league more and more Im: |
possible, or even abominable, to the
American people every day, We shall
have to stand alone, the chances are.
When will the people wake up? I find,
almost without exception, that the
Americans of Italian birth or parentage
strongly resent Mr. Wilson's policy,
while the majority of the Americans of
native parentage have no use for his)
style of doing business, A great many |

in, or to set up an independent Jewish
republic, a second Naples, a new Ire-
land, et cetera, ad infinitum?

conditione

 

he reviewed the regiments aasjsay, ‘‘Why is he #o set on depriving |

Italy of what she fought for, while he!
will do absolutely nothing for South.
Africa and Ireland? Is the difference |
merely one of England or Italy?

{s going to get German Africa? Who |

| wets German New Guinea and the South

Sea Islands? Why does Wilson be-
grudge Italy one Itallan city and say
nothing about England's getting practi-
cally all of Germany's colonies?

I am dead certain that the majority
of the American people have no sym-
pathy with Mr. Wilson's programme,
which will only stir up hatred between
America and Italy. I sometimes won-
der whether he thinks he is dealing with

Mr. Wilson's “Tower of Babel” eraekaah meek Democratic Congress over in

‘beyond repair? H,
New York, April 28.

Youns,

The Season,
Btella—Is she going to be Queen of the

May?
i Batla—No, Queen of the May Y Met,

|

Paris, He certainly acts that way. His
accomplishments at the peace table may
be enumerated as follows:

1. He has delayed peace indefinitely.

2. His delay has caused a rapid
spread of Bolshevism.

8. He caused revolutions in Egypt and

Who |

a thousand and one other questions that
will present therifielves?

My opinions may aot amount to much,
I am only a bookkeeper in a bank in
Newark, but I know I express the views
of 6,000,000 Americans of Italian de-
scent and countless numbers of natives.

Mark SANTELLI.
Newark, N. J., April 28.

Italy Asks for Justice and Appreci-
ates America’s Friendship.

Eorecio Sionorn: E mio devere, ¢
facendo cié gono certa di interpretare
{! penstero ai tutti gil Italiani d’Amer't-
ca, di esprimere al Sun la piu sincera
gratitudine e riconoscenza per la difesa
fatta ai noetri sacri diritti e aspira-
zioni Nasionall, sullo eplendido edito-
riale del 36 Aprile, intitolato: “Do
We Want a League for the Promotion
of War?” ‘che con tanta glustizia e tanto
chiaramente espone la vera situazione,
facendo i piu assennati apprezzamenti.

Mi permetto, considerando IL Sun
quale nostro vero amico, come quotidiana
lettrice del medesifmo, di unirle un ar-
ticolo (rure editoriale) del World e
farle questa domanda: Merita la
grande nobile e gloriosa Italia, nonche
{i suo eroico popolo, dopo tutte le prove
date al mondo intiero del suo valore,
della sua tenacia e abnegazione nel
sacrificio, del suo onore Illibato, di essere
vilipesa in ta Omodo e accusata di bassa
cupidigia? E tutto questo perche
“Ella” allorche scese in campo, si fece
camptone 41 “oncre e liberté’” e vuole che
quest! sian parimenti rispettati e la
parola d'un patto d’onore inviolabile e
sacra.

Grazie a Dio pochi sono !{ giornal! che
la pensino come il World. Cié caro, in
mezzo a tanto dilagare di calunnie
oliome, di bass! intrigh!, di ipocrite il-
lecite manovre, udir elevarsi serena ed
autorevole la voce del SUN, e noi Italiani
non gliene sarémo mai abbastanza grat!!
Per 1a gilustisia resa all’ Italia ne
gerberemo 1] piu caro, indimenticabile
ricordo, augurando ad esso ed ai suoi
dirigenti lunga @ prospera vita.

In quest ‘ora di gloria per I'Italia,
che dalla lotta esce pera ed onorata e
scossa tutta dal plu eccelso amor Patrio,
coi mie! fratelli d'America e d'oltre
Oceano, ® unitamente al Sun, grido
auch ‘lo:

Viva l'America! Viva I'Italia!
Fiume e la Dalmazia Italiane!

Chi potr& eontendercele? Non wha
potere umano! Esse sono nostre e
nostre resteranno, Con riconoscenza e
stima profonda, m! creda.

Devotissima,
Marra VAaatro,

Viva

Hosoxsm™, April 27,

THANKS FROM ALABAMA.

A Father's Gratitude to New York
Women Who Welcomed the Rainbows.

To THE Epitor or THE Sun—Sir: 1
take this method of thanking the good
ladies of New York city for their royal
and wholehearted welcome given the
Rainbow boys who landed in your city
from the Plattsburg on March 8. My
boy, A. 8. Garrard, was among the
number, and his praise for the good
ladies and of all the good eatables and
drinks and theatres and moving picture
shows they provided will never end.
They carried them all over the city from
centre to circumference.

My son is the one that was wounded
in the head by a bayonet in a hand to
hand conflict between him and one of
his comrades and five Germans, A
Texas soldier from Fort Worth told
Captain W. J. Lowell of the police that
Garrard outfought a tiger. The two
killed the five Germans,

Now please accept heartfelt thanks
for the kindneas shown him, and may I
live long enough to visit those noble
hearted people and the great metropolis,

W. B. GARRARD,

Montoomerr, Ala., April 26,

 

 

TRADE BRIEFS.

The cotton growers in the Torreon re-
gion of Mexico met recently to consider
the formation of a protective cotton grow-
ers’ association similar to the Commission
Reguladora del Mercado de Henequen, but
not under Government control,

The Bureau of Foreign and Domestle
Commerce has been advised by a firm in
India that it {s in a position to seil to
American firms quantities of pure white
thymo!l in hundredweight lets, The name
of the shipper can be obtained from the
Dureau or its cooperative offices by refer-
ring to File No. 9718.

There is an increasing demand for deska,
filing cabinets and other office furniture
in England.

Exports declared at Trondhjem, Norway,
for shipments to the United Statea in 1918
amounted to ealy $358, consisting of birch
bark valued at 6310 and fox sking valued
at $134. This compares with a (total value
of $503,127 in 1017, when considerable
quantities of filah, hides and skins, cod
liver of], distilled spirits and wood pulp
were shipped.

Declared exports from Nueva Geroma,
Isle of Pines, Cuba, to the United States,
were worth $156,282 in 1918, a marked
decrease compared with the exports in
1917, worth $260,815. Citrus fruit, valued
at $70,607 in 1018, aggregated $106,326
tn 1017.

 

 

It was officially announced that over 400!

mining properties would soon be returned
to their owners in the State of Chihuahua
Properties belonging to the Creel, Ter-
razas, Pascual Orozco and Victorlano Hu-
erta interests, however, will continue to be
retained by the Government.

Declared exports from Btavenger to the)

United States amounted to §614,706 in
1917 as compared with §210,006 in 1618,
decrease of $385,610. The principal
{tem was fish, valued at $407,544 in 1917
and $218,468 in 1918.

There stands a distant City
That has a golden pave,

A City that Is builded
Beside the Jasper wave.

A Pearly Gate gives entrance
To all ite treasures dear,

And it haa long been promised
To sainta who persevere,

The pledge was made ere Woodrow
Had knowledge of the fact,
Before his lofty ethics
Had any chance to act.

No doubt the City trembles
From rumors it has heard,
And fears lest he should give it
Te saints by him preferred.
Molaxpsvace Wiisox.

  
 

—_—_—_——

 

 

 

 

MEANS T0 MUZZLE |The Sun Calendar

LANDLORDS SOUGHT

| Board of Estimate Invites
Suggestions at Meeting
To-morrow.

NOT TO HEAR COMPLAINTS

Tammany Lawyers to Organize
Previously to Fight Rent
Profiteers.

 

All agencies interested in the cam-
Ppaign to mussle rent profiteera and in
plans to {mprove housing conditions are
invited by Nathan Hirsch, chairman of
the Mayor’s committee on rent profiteer-
ing to attend the mass meeting sched-
uled to take place in the Board of Esti-
mate chamber, City Hall, to-morrow af-
ternoon at 1:80 o'clock.

Mr. Hirsch said yesterday he wishes
it distinctly understood that the meeting
is for suggestions only and not for com-
plaints. He believes that if anybody
with constructive ideas is permitted to
present his or her plans something may
come out of the gathering that will be
worth while. He is particularly anxious

‘that all organizations in the greater
city which have been studying the rent
profiteering problem shall send repre-
sentatives to the meeting. Mayor Hylan

 

THE WEATHER

—

MINIATURE ALMANAC.

Standard Time.
Sun rises.......5:59 AM Sun gets....... 7:49PM
Moon rises......6:17 AM
The forsecing table hag been corrected to the
new ‘‘artificial time.’’
ewcenene
For Fastern New York—Showers to-

day; cooler in the Interior of south por-
tion; to-morrow fair; moderate north-
west winds.

For New Jersey—Showers to-day; slightiy
cooler in the Interior; to-morrow fair;
moderate northwest winds,

For Northern New England—Showers to«
day; cooler in Vermont; to-morrow prob-
ably fair; gentle to moderate shifting
winds, becoming northwest.

For Southern New England-—-Showers
to-day; cooler in Massachusetts; to-morrow
fair; moderate northwest winds.

For Western New York—Showers to-day;
to-morrow probably fair; little change in
temperature.

 

WASHINGTON, April 28.-—Pressure is
lowest over Oklahoma and the Canadian
Northwest and quite high over the upper
jake region, and there have been general
raing in tne central plain States, the cen-
tral valieys, the lake region and western
New England, and local rains in the Atlan-
tle States, Texas, Utah and northern Ar-
zona. Elsewhere weather is fair. It te
warmer in Tennessee, the south Atlantic
and east Gulf States, and over the west-
ern halt of the country and cooler in the
Ohio Valley, the lake region and eastern
New York. There will be showers Tuesday
in Tennessee, Miasiasippi, western North
Carolina, the Ohio Valley, the lower jake
region, the middle Atlantic States and New
England, followed by generally fair
weather Wednesday. In the south Atlantic
ftates, Alabama and north upper lake
region the weather will be fair Tuesday
and Wednesday, while in the south upper
lake region fair weather Tuesday will
probably be followed by rain Wednesday.
i wil be somewhat oooler Tuesddy in
Hebb sok! North Carolina and the interior
ps the middie Atlantic States and New
Sngland and warmer Wednesday in the
Ohio Vailey and the lower lake region.

——— weet

Observations at U. is
reau stations tauen ae tates Weather Bu

  

 

will preside. seventy-fifth meridian time: TOY
The Greater New York Lawyers pe oittire par Rainfall
mittee, composed of Tammany a Sta 5 - last 24
lawyers, who will investigate complaints |Abliene”.... ee — an a
from tenants sent to them by the May-jAlbany ........60 4 9.94 .02 Rain
or’s committee, will meet in Room 1220, iSeres City.. 4 60 «9.98 = |.. Cloudy
Municipal Building, prior to the City iematee 8 e 7.98) = .. Cloudy
Hall meeting. There will be at least Roston 2... 6s 46 4 +» Clear
one lawyer, and possibly more, for each | Buffalo “aw 9.0 Foray
Assembly district. ;Charleston .... 76 62 90.06 .. Clear
David Hirschfield, Commissioner of ecient ° 44 90.16.50 Pt, Cloudy
Accounts, sent yesterday a letter tO Cloveland oo.) 48 My ao 06 Rain
former Judge Robert L. Lee, congratu-|Denver 2.0.0... 46 34 nM iG Srey ee
lating him on his appointment as chair-|Detroit ....... 5446.12 sad Pt Gionay
man of the lawyers’ committee. nae . 76 2 M88 4. Cloudy
“{ deem it necessary,” Mr. Hirschfield | trocpenviite bo 4 uo. PLC
wrote, “for me to reflect that in Joining Kansas City... 54 oe oe eee
the city administration forces to crush |los Angeles....66 54 on |. Grace?
the greedy and soulless landlord you {Milwaukee .....46 40 80.20 .08 Clear
and your associates are embarking upon Selene tees 3 68 99.98 .. Clondy
an activity which will result in an In- |pyitedeiphia in & BM. Pt. Cloudy
calculable benefit not only to the thou-|pittsburg ..... 64 60 ae ig Beja
sands of large and small rent payers | Portland, Me.. 36 49 9008 |. Cloudy
but to the community at large, for by | Portland, Ore. 68 69 = 90.18 .. Clear
bringing about a better understanding \fan a 6 54 LNG OL Pt. Clowty
between the landlords and tenants yOu |gen trancineo, @0 B oe +. Clear
assist in reducing the existing Ran Diego... 64 s oe °: Geer
t, Touls...... 62 62) «898.4 Clondy
, Washington ..68 50 M96 |. Gleway
sible for our toilers and non-home own- ee
ers to live within their means decently, LOCAL WEATHER RECORDS.
“While writing this, permit me to ca 8 A.M 8 P.M.
your attention fo the fact that one of Baromoter...... 301 29.97
the greatest evils from which our city Wind—direction. ‘e
has suffered since its organization, I} Wind—velocity..... ‘ f. 16
believe, is the inequitable method ome | Deather. ehebeae civ’ + Cloudy Cloudy
ployed in assessing real estate for tax- pitation.........,, + None None

will

prejudice against tha real estate owners,
and, at the same time, will make it pos-
able purposes. To my mind, the value
of real estate in a populated city {s de-
termined by Its earning power, and that
such power {s expressed in the land-
lord's rent roll.”

John Burrowitz, of 594 East 138th
street, was granted a ninety day stay
of eviction by Justice Peter A. Shell in
Part 2, Munictpal Court, The Bronx,
yesterday. The ruling was made under
the provision of the war emergency act.
Burrowitz is in a large measure de-
pendent for support upon & son in the
service in France, He said he received
a notice from George Steinman, agent

his rent would be
to $82 on May 1}.
indignant over the

that
$25

for the
increased from
Steinman waxed
court's decision, which will prevent the
dispossessing of the soldier's father at
least for three months, and threatened
to appeal,

“Tell it to President Wilson,” the Jus
tice said.

BOMB FROM N.Y. FOR
MAYOR OF SEATTLE

owner,

Hanson Away and Missile
Fails to Explode.

@rattTie, April 28.—-Police headquar-

Ole Hanson in the Seattle city and coun-

present 1 Colorado on a Victory Loan
speaking tour.

Acid from the broken bomb spilled
on the table where it was found in the
mail to-day,

Mayor Hanson had recently delivered
a number of addresses
anarchy.

The bomb, the police said, was post-
marked New York, A return address
given on the package was “Novelty De-
Gimbe!l Brothera,

denouncing

partment, New York
City,"

The police said the bomb was a hbot-
tle-like arrangement aimed to explode
when the bottle cap was unscrewed,
which would cause acid to drop and
explode a quantity of dynamite, When
the bomb arrived at the Mayor's office
a elerk noticed the break and held it
upside down while he unscrewed the cap,

 

Pussro, Col, April 28.—When shown
the Associated Press report of a bomb
received at his office Mayor Hanson of
Seattle, said:

“If they have the courage why don't
they attack me like men instead of play-
ing the part of cowardly assissins?

 

|

auspices of the Cz 3 . pe :
ters announced that the office of Mayor | america, athalie Actors’ Guild

 

One | Influence of War Upen English

3s

} Illingto

The temperature in this city yesterde
as recorded by the official thermometer, %
shown in the annexed table:

 
  

     

1919, 1918.

‘Sa HH 6PM
5 oP. M
51 65 12 Mia.

  

Highest temperature, BO, @t
Lowest temperature, 67 ‘at 6 P.
Average temperature,

 

EVENTS TO-DAY.

 

renter” Liberty Loan Drive, day and

Testimonial to Miew Marie Dressler for
teeaae be ae nas ene for the Canadian
ana | ‘om-
modore, 8 P. M. Se eee ania Som
Conference on Russian trade under the
auspices of the Counell on Foreign Rela-
tions, Hotel Astor, 8 P. M.
lecture on the modern application of
effort to present day problema, entitled

‘Hthtew of Our Day,’ will be delivered by
Prof. H. H. Horne at a meeting of the
New ee University Philosophical Soct-
ely, oom 401, Wa
School, § P. M. TAINED SPYLNE AER

Concert of American folk songs under
the auspices of the People's Music League,
Cooper Union, & P. M,

Dis by Lester Lonergan, Margaret
ilton Imekaye, George Nash
_ fondan on “American Acting.
Progressed Since Booth's Death?”

nt

   

and Eva
Has lt

Hotel

Astor, 8 P M
Felix

Dr will

Adler speak on “Co-
soctation of the Ethleal Culture School,
3 W est Sixty-fourth etreet, 8:15 P. M

Father Duffy, cheplein. will tell the
story of the Sixty-ninth PAR SRS for the
benefit of the New York undling Hos-
pital, Carnegie Hall §:30 P.

Major David 4 jeperan
talk “On the Front Line France,’

incheon New York  Bilectrio Leaguy

otel McAlpin, 12:30 P, M.

Address by Rabbi Louie I. Newman en
“Tranenational Palestine in the League of
Nations,” Bronx Free Synagogue,
street and Southern Boulevard,

M.
oe, Jr. will
in

A.

f ore
180 M.
Thirty-fifth Congress of the Episcopal
Church opens a four day conference at
the Cathedral of §t. John the Divine,
amgierdacs avenue and 116th street, 10:30

“Baha! Convention, Hotel McAlpin, elt

“hh,
® annual meeting of the New York
Teachers’ Relief Association will be held
at Public School 90, $37 West 147th street,
at 4p. M
Dr. Louls UT. Wilkinaon will lecture on
“Joan of Arc,’ under the auspices of the
Board of Education at Public School 89,
147th street,
the evening
The Parent# Asseelation of the Great.
kills School

west of Seventh avenue tn

will glve a welcome home
periy tu soldiere and sailors at Pub:
echool 8 Staten Island, in the evening

The North Carolina Society of New
York will give a supper dance at the Wa!-
lorf Astoria in the evening.

Frederick Paulding will leetnre on “Tha
Fictton."”

thing I am sure of and that is that labor | under the auspices of the Board of Fa

throughout this great land of ours has

no connection whatever with this at-

|

ty building received to-day a broken | Education,” the Parents and Teachers As-
bomb in the mail. Mayor Hanson fs at|

 

eation at St, Ansiem's Hal), Tinton ave-
nue, near 1ld3th street, the Bronx, in the
evening

 

 

  

  

| tempted outrage.” Dr. Lindley M. Keawhey will lecture o1
ee ee eee “The Probable Charaeteristics of the P -
peetive Social State’ at the Stuyvesant
MORGAN q, O'BRIEN 1s 68. Neighborhood House, Stuyvesant
——_——_— | Ninth streets, at 8:16 P.M.
. : } Dr. W) J. Spillman will lecture on “Pha
Celebrates by Greeting the O14 HKeonomics of the Poultry Industry’ at 805
Sch he Hall, ¢ m J ‘
Sixty-ninth Regiment, jat ermeriorn Hall Celumbis Universit
; y re Leet rty , unt n
} Morgan J. O'Brien, hale and hearty at | wer un oins tad! Weague luncheon,
' 68, celebrated his birthday yesterday in Kiwanis Club luncheon, Hotel McAtpin,
ways specially agreeable to him. That}! PM a
in to aay, he clapped hia hands from the |igMiu't.Aticn Hall Rt WP? Mint ehe tees
|reviewing stand when his young friends |aé@ her operatic recitale, Puecint's “Tosca”
tof the 165th United States Infantry, the |In the Lecture Hall at &:15 P.M, 1D
regiment that will always cling to the Tt G, Spaulding soontinusa his periee on
if tb ny ae “Problems of Mind an "niverase,”’ deserib
| old name of the Irigh Fighting Hixty- ing “The Problem of Coneclousness;
{ ninth, and he spoke in thetr praise and | What Kind of a ‘Thing’ Is Conscious-
| honor at the dinner given to them last nea
1 by the Friendly Son set raffic Club meeting, Waldorf Astoria,
| Sigos k y aly ons of St, a Po M, Darrack Home for Crippled Chi’
atrick. ‘ r dren. Waldorf Astoria, 8 P.M
Judge O'Brien can claim the distinc- | Ufberty National Bank dinner, Vote!
tion—not too common—of having been Pennsylvania, 7 P. M.

born on Marhattan Island. The doctor

gave the good news to hia father on
Aprii 28, 1851, in the old O'Brien home
| In East Kighth street, Since that long
ago day the name of Morgan O'Rrien
; has been connected with and concerned
jin many large and honorable employ-
iments, and few New Yorkers have lived
more energetically. In advocating clean
polities from the Demicratic side of the
fence, in sganely sponsoring the Irish
cause, In serving véears upon the bench
of the Supreme Court of this State, in

notuble trustee work, in the affairs of

active for nearly fifty years

Blowup on Destroyer; Two Hurt,

Bogros', April 28.—An explosion
the new destroyer Aaron Ward at the
| Navy Yard seriously injured two fire-
‘men to-day. The explosion was in No.
8 boiler and was said to have been due
|“ some outside defect.”

on

5

|

|
'

the Roman Catholic Church and the
Knights of Columbus and in aturdy
patriotism, Judge O'Brien has been;

| Gillette,

eee

PUBLIC LECTURES TO-NIGHT.
MANILATTA>?

of Education,” by Wil'tam
D., Wadletgh High Scho
west of Seventh avenue
“Porto Rieo,”’ by James A. Crulkshan!
Public School ,63, Fourth street, east
First avenue
Oy Forefgn Concessions anil Lost
' by Bydney N, Ussher, }
Eighty-elghth street, east

“ ychology
J ri Ph

if'th street,

 

 

Sohne
First

‘Joan of
14,
of a course of Ave sectures on (Her

o) 66,
avenue
hy

Are,"’ Youle V. Wi kinson,

D., of Cambridge Universit

Itherty,"’ Publie Mehoo!
west of Seventh avenue
“Art and Decoration,” ¢ Ch
I. H. D., Public School 15
6treet and Wadsworth avenue
“Life in Corea.’ by Wiiliam Elliot Gr
fis, 1. H. D,, at Metropolitan Tempo, Se
enth avenue and Fourteenth strec:

BRONX
“America, Land of My

Iand of My Adoption,”
Ryan (illustrated by

90, ldvth et

 

Birth; Amearics
by Miss Loretta ©
patriotic Songs, olf
ew), Public School 46, 189th etreet
Hewmean street and Labndhd place :

      

~ led
, »
‘ 4
4
;
° 7
! '
. *
4 4