oy

= — o<s
——.- - :

@hadow of the storm it should not be
Overlooked

An extraordinary demonstration of
enthusiasm followed, Menbers of the
House rising to their feet applauded for
several minutes.

The Speake replied bs saying that
the tribute was one of thome that have
been called the flowers of friendship
that covered the wail of partisan polities
and referred somewhat significantly to
the solidarity of sentiment in the House
on certain occasions

“We are all Americans,” he said, “and
We are all patriote. When it comes to
@ vital question we are one
cident recalla to my mind the occasion
when every man in this House arose

to his feet and voted to commit $50.- |

000,000 to President McKinley to prose-
cute the war. And that trust was not
violated.”

The announcement that the final strug-
gle was to be fougit out in the House
to-day in the controversy between the
President and Congress brought an une
usually large crowd to the Capitol The
doors of the galleries in the House wing
were scarcely opened before every avall-
able seat was filled

One the floor of the chamber also
Mearly every seat was occupied

Everybody Keyed Up,

Despite the deliberation with which
the House set the stage for the parlia-
mentary struggle there was an air of
expectancy not only in the gallerles but
on the floor when the fall of Speaker
Clark's gavel announced that the fight
‘was on.

Representative Vou, who was in
charge of the debate on the rule for
the majority side, sounded the rallying
ery for the supporters of the President,
who had addressed to him as the acting
chairman of the Rules Committee his
letter asking for a vote of confidence.

“It is said,” declared Pou, speaking
slowly, while the rustle of excitement
in the galleries subsided, “that the Pres-
ident is for war. All the imps of hell
never devised a more infamous lie. No
President save Lincoln ever went
through what Woodrow Wilson has in
the past twelve months to avoid war.”

Representative Campbell of Kansas, |

Who was allotted the forty-five minutes
allowed the minority, replied briefly by
atating that he and the forces arrayed
Behind him demanded an opportunity
to vote on a simple resolution warning
Americans to refrain from taking pas-
@®age on armed ships of beligerents.

The resolution, he said, had come be-
fore the House not on its own initiative
but on the demand of the President,
whose constitutional duty is to dispose
of the question it involves. He insisted
that the warning should be issued to
the country.

A Difference of Opinion.

The issue having been thus joined
@pokesmen for the antagonista in four
and five minute speeches plunged into
the debate and vehemently attacked and
defended the
taken. In some respects there was a
divergence of opinion as to the point

involved in the first phase of the con-
troversy, a divergence that persevered
to some extent into the close of the
etrugegle.

Representative Mann, taking up. the
cudgels for the opposition. defined the
fesue which would be fought out if the

Administration forces were routed on the
motion for the “previous question.”
“If the previous question should be

defeated,” he said, “the gentleman from |

Kansas, Mr. Campbell. will offer to
amend the rule by providing that both
the preamble and the resolution «hall
be stricken out and that the following
resolution shall be considered as the
amendment pending:

“Resolved, That in the opinion of
the House of Representatives citizens
of the United States under existing
conditions, and irrespective of their
Jegul rights, ought to refrain from
taking passage on armed vessels of
belligerent nations except in case of
imperative necessity,

Be Fair to Wilson,

“Let us be fair to the President.” he
continued, ‘‘to ourselves and to the coun.
try to meet the issue and expreas the
Opinion which we have and thereby en-
deavor to prevent war which we all hope
will not come.”

Thereafter the debate was prosecuted
with unabated vehemence. The more
amient of the President's supporters de-
nounced the attempt to block the way
for the consideration of the McLemore
resolution as a blow from behind and
Stabbing the President {in the back.
Charges of partisanship were made and
denied.

Representative Fitzgeraid of New
York expressed the view of a number
of Democrats by standing for the rule,
but announced that he would vote
against the McLemore resolution on the
final test.

Why He Favors Bill,

“1 desire,” he raid, “to vote for a reso-
lution which expresses the sentiment of
this House that Americans should re-
frain from travelling upon armed mer-
chant ships of beliigerents. This is the
first rule ever brought into this House
to give the House an opportunity to ex-
press its convictions,

“LT shall vote against laying the Mc-
Lemore resolution on the table, because
I know that under this rule, if that mo-
ton falls, full opportunity will be given
to the House to go upon record on a
resolution to warn Americans against
travelling upon armed merchant ships
@f belligerents.”

Representatives Bennet, New York, and
Lenroot, a Wisconsin Progressive Re-
publican, both insisted that opportunity
should be given to amend the McLemore
resolution,

When the time allotted for debate had
expired and the Speaker's gavel cut short
the closing sentence of the final appeal
of Representative Campbell there was a
Noticeable tightening of the tension
which had grown as the moment for the
first and most critical test approached.
Hastily demanding the “previous ques-
tion,” Mr. Campbell resumed his seat
and Speaker Clark called for the ayes
a@nd noes on a viva voce vote,

Call of Roll Demanded.

Both were given with a volume of
epund that echoed down the corridors
of the Capitol, A demand for the call-
ing of the roll followed, While it was
in progress the excitement of anticipa-
tion fell to a lower pitch and a muffled
undertone of whispered conversation
arose in the galleries a3 well as on the
floor,

The call of the roll had not progressed
far when those who counted on up-
setting the parilamentary plan devised

for expressing confidence in the Presi-
dent’a policy realized that they had
overmeasured the strength of their
forces

When the Speaker arose to announce
to the chamber, over which a sudden
blanket of etlence had fallen, that the
previous motion had been carried by a
vote of 256 to 160 the victory
President and his supporters was made
certain. The supreme test had been
met. From that moment the tension re-
laxed, us it wag obvious what the out-
come would be when the final vote on the
dabdiing of the resolution {tself was
taken

On the motion for the previous ques-
tion the vote was: Ayes, 256; noes, 160;
one present and eighteen not voting
+ OF those who voted in opposition to
the Administration's plan, 132 were Re
publicans, 6 Progressives, 1° Socialist
and 21 Democrats,

Repubiicans Save the Day,

The strong Republican suppert fram
Masrachuseits, Pennsylvania, New York,
Maine and Rhode Island was sufficient
to save the day for the President and to
oer the desertions on the Democratic
6ide.

With the adoption of the previour
question motion. the crisis of the strag-

This in- |

positions that had been |

for the}

‘far distant Tinmediately afterward the
rol] Was called on the adoption of the
rule itself, largely a perfunctory partila-
mentary necessity, In view of the ex-

pression of the House's opinion in tak-
ine the first step
The rule was adopted by a vote of

271 te 188, showing a gain of strength
for the President a:d tie wantng of

strength for his) opponents
Debate Kept Up.
The fact that the opponents of the

| Administration had been vanquished on
two tests of strength and were obliged
to admit their defeat did not diminish
the ardor of the debate, Speakers who
declaimed against the parliamentary
inethods adopted to sustain the Presi-
dent's foreign policy had insisted that
a warning to Americans to keep off
armed merchantmen involved no foreign
question nor impaired any right re-
turned to the attack with as much
vehemence as ever and continued a scat-
tering fire of oratory unt!! final defeat
brought the combat to a close.

Seldom has there been in the House
such marked demonstrations of approval
or disapproval as greeted speakers to-
day At times there were rounda of ap-
pluuse, with shrill rebel yells from the
i Democraticeide, Charges of partisanship
sometimes were met with Jeers
+ The sudden pause in the midst of the
{etorm to pay a kindly tribute to the
(Speaker completed the extraordinary
| gamut of emotions which kept the House
| a swirl of excitement more or less

tin
| during the day.

{ After the adoption of the rule, Repre-
sentative Flood took charge of the de-
bate for the Administration forces. Rep-
| resentative Cooper of Wisconsin led the
}Opposition. In five and ten minute
speeches the four hours allowed for
j debate were coneumed so that there
| was no lagging of epeeches, no over-
' powering fatigue to dampen the ora-

| torical ardor,

Amens From “Cyclone.”

To add to the complexities of the sit-
uations and relieve the tension of feel-
; ine, which sometimes characterized the
| debate, heartfelt “amens’ from Cyclone
! Davis, uttered whenever a speaker in-

| cueee a fervent eulogy of peace, pro-
vided the ludicrous element for an other-
| wise serious cathering
{ The opposition to the tabling of the
{McLemore resolution was summed up
; in the address of Representative Cooper,
{who recounted the evente leading up to
jthe controversy from the time of the
| White Hotise conference
“There,” he said, “the President told
‘Representative Flood and others, using
;undiplomatic language. to sit on the lid
,and subsequently did not notify any one
|that he had changed his mind nor bother
‘to addrees the right committee, but did
jlet Mr. Flood understand that he was
| now to get off the lid. Then thie firm
j man, this rock, writes a letter to an-
other committee to take this matter
| out of the hands of the committee
; Which has jurisdiction and put it
(through Congress,
“The theory under which
‘men have been armed has been that
ithe, could not well fight men-of-war,
but that they could stand off privateers
and pirates But now we have a new
Weapon Which we may want to use
jBome day 1] pray there may never be
fwar, but it te the duty of statesmen to
j be provident of the future’

merchant.

Will Stand By Wilson,

| I will stand by the President, he
added, “but is this Russia or America?
There are some ignorant Cossacks who
will stand by the Czar no matter what
jhe does In order for me to stand by a
;man ft is first necessary that this man

' should stand still.”

{ Representative Sherles of Kentueky
defending the tabling of the resolution
said of She President's attitude

j “There are two classes of people who
(have spoken in favor of a warning reso-
‘lution. One is the class which believes
}it desirable to express the sentiment of
j the Congress that men shoud not travel
on belligerent ships because of the risk
{that might
feountry in

from
Who

come
war

involving — the

and would stop

| there

| “There is another class which believes
|the Warning ought to be issued eithe:
With the express declaration or the tacit
lahdbatacane that {if the warning is
{disregarded America does not propose
jin any way to uphold the ;ights of he
travel

j Nationals to
| Flood Closes Debate.
Representative Flood as spohesniayt
for the Administration brought the de-
bate to a close
“IT do not think any men ver upon this

flaor misunderstands toe issue that we

shall vote on in «a few minutes”

said, “I do not cave for what reasor
members oppose the MeLemore reso u
tion The question which presents it
sell to this House is whether (ts vote
will be such as to Sustain the hands of
the President in the diploma contro.
versy he has at this time wath the ier

man Government

“It Is w well recognized principle of
international law that a neutral has «
Tight to transport his person and his
property upon ermed belligece mer-

———— — ———— —"_

 

\
fa Ltd., and that under the au-|the syllabus of which recites that ‘a

THE SUN,

 

 

E

 

Old Prussian Treaty Cited to Win Refuge for Vessel—|

Couldn’t Put to Sea With Present Crew—
Hearing Off Till March 20.

 

Nich Mono, Va, March 7 ~Ambassa- newed in part by Article NIL of the

! y + ( -day through |

dor von Bernstorff dented to-day ome oh land effecta taken from’ the enemies of |
an attorney the jurisdioton of the Ped>j the contracting parties may be carried
eral court to decide the ownership of the j freely wheresoover they please and that |
Hritish steamer Appam, brought into or ae ages not be ‘put — i
Hampton Roads by a German prize Gre port oF the other patty,’ mune aver
crew. Argument in the case Was post- “In view of the terms of the treaty
poned untii Maroh 20, wnen counsel rep- | 7 am at a loss to understand why such
resenting Germany will Me answer to | action has been taken by a court of your
he libel ecountry. It may be argues Uiat it has
. 7 mes . os the iitet of been because of Article 21 of the Hague

n a previous swer to
the Appam by the African Steam Navi-) ties of neutral Powers tn naval war is!

 

Convention concerning the rights and du-

gation Company, Ltd, of Liverpool, applicable. This article provides: ‘A
ize may only be brougnt into a neutral

sieut. Berg, co’ he captured | ?! ) 8

BCU Feerey secre ore } port on account of unseaworthiness,

liner, denied the jurisdiction of the court) stress of weather or want of fuel or pro-
claimed that the Appam Was &| visions.’
prize of war, “Tt must leave as soon as the cir

. wy ' i to | CuMstances which justify its entry are

Judge Waddill said he would like at an end If it does not the neutral

know what dispoaition would be made) power must order it to leave at once;

of the vessel by the crew if it should] shouid it fail to obey the neutral Power
not be granted asylum. Lawyers on both

must etnploy the means at {te disposal
sides admitted that the Appam has not to release it with its officers and crew
a sufficient crew to take the vessel to] 2%d to intern the crew
sea should the court decide that the

“But as Great Britain has not ratified
ship {s not entitled to remain in port as | the convention that article ts not bind-
a prize of war.

Ing for the reason that Article 28 pro-
vides :

“The provisions of the present con-
vention do not apply except to the con-
tracting Powers and then only if all
the belligerents are parties to the con-
vention.’

and

Favorable Devision Reported.

It is reported in German circles that
the decision of the State Department in
the Appam case holds that,the ship be-
ongs to the German empire and can
remain in port so long as Lieut. Berg
and his crew desire

A letter of Count von Bernstorff to the
State Department regarding the case
was offered in court by the Federal Dis-
trict Attorney as follows:

“Wastttnoton, D. C.,
“February 22, 1916.
Mar. Secretary: Lieut. Hans| war remains in possession of that vexs-
Berg of the German imperial navy and!se! and has full power over her. The
commander of H. M. S. Appam, now) neutral sovereign or its court can take
lying at anchor near Newport News,| no cognizance of the question of prize
Va., has informed me that a libel was!or no prize, and cannot wrest from the

Neatrale Can't Decide.

“Besides, the Appam files the naval
flag of and belongs to the German Gov-
ernment and therefore the possession of
the captors is the possession of their
sovereign. The sovereign whose officers
jhave captured the vessel as a prize of
“DEAR

filed against said vessel in the United) possession of the captor a prize of war
States District Court for the Eastern; brought Into {ts ports

District of Virginia, at Norfolk, on the} “The position which
16th day of February, 1916, by the, Supported by an opinion of the Attorney-
British and African Steam Navigation| General of the United States (7 Op. 122),

I take js fully

thority of said court he haa been cited| foreign ship of war, or any prize of hers
by the marshal of the Eastern District; '" command of a public officer, possesses
of Virginia to appear before said court! in the ports of the United States the

5 *4 ad day of March, 1916,| Tight of extra-territoriality and ix not
on Friday, the tS | subject to the local jurisdiction.’

‘
“I would therefore most respectfully |
| Protest against the action of the United |

to answer the said libel.

jority.
Treaty Cited for Aathority States District Court and request that |

“As the Appam was captured at ea} sou may ask the Attorney-General to!
by a German man-of-war and brought! instruct the United States District At-
to the Virginia port as a prise ship, ac-{torney for the Eastern District of Vir-
cording to the treaty existing between ginia to appear before the United States |
our countries you may well appreciate! Ietrict Court and take such steps as}
my surprise at the action which has been | may be necessary and proper to secure |
taken | the prompt dismissal of the libel I,

“Article NIN. of the treaty of 1799 be-) am, my dear Mr. Lansing, very sincerely |
tween Prussia and the United States, re- | yours, a

 

RERNSTORDF '

chant vessels, and when we adopt a reso-
ution of warning we publish to the
world that we will not defend our eiti-
zens in the exercise of undoubted and
universally recognized rights.’

SHERWOOD TO QUIT.

Ohio Member Saye He Cannot
Agree With the President,
WASHINGTON, March 7.-——Representa-
Isaac R. Sherwood of Ohto, a Dem-

ocrat, has decided to retire to | r ERMAN PRESS BITTER.

life because he finds that he is not in
harmony with the Wilson Administra- a

i ms : Papers Charge Wilson With Fa-
“

Opposed to the President on the armed
mer issue, Mr. Sherwood felt
it to be his duty to-day to vote to table
the McLemore resolution of warning in
accordance with the wishes of Mr. Wil-
gon

Representative Sherwood further an-
nounced that although he is opposed to

cannot, and will not, seek reelection on

eharacter issued last night by
sentative Page of North
brother of Walter H. Page,
to Great Britain

Reports are in circulation that other
House Democrats may retire to private
I hite as a protest against the President's
foreign policy and his preparedness pro-
gramme.

 

Repre- |
Carolina,
Ambassador !

 

tive

voring War on Tentona,
Special Cathle Despatch
AMSTERDAM, Via
The

President

to THe Sus
March 7 -=

attacking |

hantmen
Landon,

agar

papers

German
Wilser The

ham with wishing

press i”
charge!
to wage War ananst!

Gernany, and eay there is little

gert to Washin

 

 

the national defence bills, he will vote} that the documents on
for them for the reason that he believes Jexplaining lermany'’s standpewt on the!
et mocrats should uphold the Pres- subject of armed merchantmen will be}
lden

“So long as Tam in Congress T shall | Of @oy uve, as Mr Wilson alread a
vote to sustain the President, but as LT] decided for war, and will do all that
do net want to be here and be overs} ine can to br ng it about
ridden on everything T believe in T have 4 ‘ |
decided not to be a candidate for re. The feeling against America is never
election.” said the Ohio Representative. | been so bitter Germany Aas ow
“> think my district should be repre- | Mauy consider that a bre \ with Waeh-
sented by sorne one who is in sympathy | ington would ¢ FrOPMAY w free ed
with the Administration . tf Submarine Marl but ¢ IKuaiser

"J cannot seek reelection on a plate} is said to be opposed to a break in
form that pledges the party to militar. | relations, Therefore wholesale torneo. |
sm My convictions against the polies sels will be postponed, it ig.

 

are such that I

of extreme preparednes eachea a de isian |

 

standards.

   
  
    
 

   
   
 

 

 

 

 

Tuesday was another gala day of the opening
week of our new store.

Though we had looked for a certain measure-ef
enthusiasm from the throngs of old and new friends
who poured in an endless all-day stream about the
six floors given over to the display of our wares, we
did not expect the marked tribute accorded our
store, our goods, our methods, and our quality

Particularly was this true in our new depart-
ments devoted to the exclusive showing of Shoes.
Trunks, Bags, Leather Goods and Clothes for Sport.

Quiet and seclusion are pleasing features in our
thoroughly sanitary hair dressing parlor. for the ex-
clusive use of children.

BROKAW BROTHERS

1457-1463 BROADWAY
AT FORTY-SECOND STREET

     
   
    
     
      
     
       
             
   
     
  

         
       
         
      

i”

|
im |
i |

i Naval

will

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8,

NSTORFF SAYS COURT |ADVERTISING
CAN’T DISPOSE OF APPAM PREPAREDNESS PLAN

Advisory Board
Discuss To-day Best Way to
Mobilize Resources.

 

; troaty of 1828, provides that ‘the vessels | ENGINEERS

 

Pians foe the effective mobilization of
the industries, the railroads and other! avy, is reported to have worked out
resources for use in the event of war!
be discussed
of members of
Koa; d, representatives of engineering so-
cieties and members of the

phase of activity

 

   
 
  
   

 

 

 

 

OFFER HELP | free.

to-day at
the Nava!

the

1916.

10 AID

ing war. When this

event of war
factory and

to every
every

Will

Staff of the Army

One of the first
In getting a line on
strength of the country
| tensive advertising

periodicals

and who
Secretary

ident Wilson
ferred with

a meeting |

AVIEOTY throughout the

every manufacturer,

 

Associated

tories and arms plants

country and. paredness campaign.

have offered

country,

railroad,
course will be dependent upon the needs |
that may be thought important by the
Naval Advisory Board of the General}

the

campaign to
(hig advertising men And the owners of)
their services
Herbert 8. Houston, president of! write
the Associated Advertising Clubs of the!
World, who suggesied the plan to Pres-

after

 

steps to be tanen|

potentia |
will be an ex-
which

Daniels of

evers

lo

an advertising campaign to be submit-
‘ted to the Naval Advisory Board to-day.

in the

has

 

oft

March 7 -
Paper
spondence on the

LANDON,
contains

Sarah

ae

| esty’s Giovernment will welcome tie pro
BARALONG WITNESS | posal,” the White Paper saya.
' Replying to the German suggrs:

Say He Was Not at Sea When
Sinking Occurred—Would
Extend Inquiry.

A Parliamentary

 

ascettain just what aid each concer can} | “He when this limited Investigation he,
give in the way of preparedness or dur- | TISH DISCRED T been completed the German Governone
information
been classified it is regarded as probabie
that certain work will be aeeipned
industry, every |

This

desires its scope to be extended hie Va

’
that England does not intend to obeerye
the rules of warfare the Governiys

‘states that it has never been the Dracttee
of the British navy to destroy the ene,

after they have surrendered,

| Commenting on the sinking ef ie
| White Star liner Arabic, the \W
(Paper @eays the German vereion of ii
}sinking is not only inherently impros.
, able but direetly contrary to al) ti.
evidence the  Brtisin’ Government pos

‘sesse# from «@ larae number of jndeays

fore ‘
furtn ‘dent and trustworthy witnesses

corres

iwocose hetwoen

| “What ia the counter evidence op

ward con-| England and Germany through the me- j Which the German Government reli
the | dium of American Aimbassador lage, j Says the White Paper Has the oa».
Replying to the last German commu. | Un of the submarine beea tried {5
murdet Has he even been accused «+
nication the British Government BtATES any deed whieh, in German eves os
that the only witness whose attecedents not meritorious’ Tf, as lis Majesty «

The purpose is to advertise extensively
appealing to
railroad
president, the head of every mining com-} to fave beer
Advertising Clubs of the World in the} pany and the heads of munition fac-!
Engineers Club

offer

able to examine was
the evente mecurred of

the British naval authorities have

an evewltrioeas
| The British Government reiterates ite! erine? If
their demand for an impartial inquiry into the
The aim is to get in touch with every | arvices to the Government in Dig pres! Raralong and other episodes described | Lusitania’
, in previous corvespondence, Yt

been) Government believes, he sank the Arat
not at sea when without warning, do the German
Which he claims |ernment so far agree with the ree:
the world as to treat that action ae a
they do, Why should to.

hesitate to condemn the sinking of 6
If they do not, why inves
the case of the Arabic?’

ate

 

It is not The Dictaphone
Samir" woless that word is on it!

And anything else offered you as a Dictaphone is a fraud.

The on/y Dictaphone is The Dictaphone.

Every genuine

Dictaphone bears that trade name and it bears also the Dicta-
phone trade-mark of the ‘‘man at the desk.”’

The trade name “Dictaphone” is registered in the United
States Patent Office and is legally applied exclusively to the
business graphophone, for dictating and tran scribing, made only
by the American Graphophone Company and sold through the

Columbia Graphophone Company. There is only ove Dictaphone
made and that is 74e Dictaphone.

There is a very necessary reason for

printing this message

here at this time. You possibly may have gotten the idea or
impression—either from the intentional or unintentional effort
of some interested salesman cr other person with an axe to
grind and something else to sell—that avy dictation machine is
a Dictaphone. But we have tried to make clear in this adver-
tisement that there is only ove Dictaphone and that one is the

dictation and transcribing

and it is marked “The Dictaphone,’

and unmistakably.

When you

it to us.

 

 
 
      
   
  

Re aE ee ee ae a

  

2

 

sd!

i
ha Alii

get around
The Dictaphone be sure you see THE
Dictaphone. It is the machine you have in
mind as the machine you want.
protection we print these facts. Our number
is Worth 3048—or, you can tear off the little
call card, pin it to your letterhead and mail

REGISTERED

to investigate

For your

  
   

Fae pis

tior graphophone made by this company.
And it is known as The Dictaphone, legally and excel veh

» 1eg) usively,
plainly and distinctively

™ DICTAPAVNE

83 Chambers Street

Kemember this: The genuine bears the name T he
Dictaphone and anything else is an imitation.

    
        
  
  
   
  
 

head, acd

Vhe Dictaphone, S83 Chambers Street, N.

Please send me parlienlars,
Name ......,
Address .....

Address M . yee

s

  
 
 
   
  

Le trehnske  tvethtbends ts. sl dnsd s

   
     

 

BR dled as . > al

f
f

   

 

 

 
  

= satiate etait Saati iad

one <6 on

2 33-:-2

a243534

nae es

a es ne i aa io a eee a