4

SUTHERLAND WOULD
UPHOLD U. $. HONOR’

———_-

Rather War Than Play
Poltroon in Crisis, Says
Senator.

ae

 

 

BTANDS BY PRESIDENT!

 

Wasninaton, March 7.—Senator Suth-

@riand of Utah, a Republican, delivered
& notable speech in the Senate to-day on

the foreign policy of the Administration,

ie commended President Wilson's stand
on the armed merchantmen issue, but
evld that Mr. Wilson in his dealings with
Mexico had followed “a spineless policy
of retreat and scuttle, the policy that, |
among other things, had ordered our peo- |
ble to abandon their rights in) Mexico
and that has made us disregard our own:
plain duty in the Philippines.”

“Tnatead of forever telling our citizens
to run,” declared Senator Sutherland, “I
should like for once to hear somebody
bid them stand with the assurance that
their Government would stand with them

Mest Not Play Poltroon,

“I do not Want war at any time, and I

ray God that it may not come now, but

would rather have war with all its sac-
rifices and suffering than that this na-
tion, with its long history of heroism and
glory, should play the poltroon when con-
fronted by a supreme national duty be-
cause it places a higher value upon its
ease than upon its honor

“A nation that will not resent a fla-
Brant and illegal attack upon the lives
of its citizens is only less detestable than
the man who will not fight for his wite
and children.”

Mr. Sutherland solemnly affirmed that
if the life of another American citizen
were lost by the sinking of & merehant
man Without warning, whether armed
for defensive purposes of the of-
fender should be held to striet account
for it.

“T will never give my consent.’ he
said, “for the issuance of a formai notice
such as has been proposed’

The Senator discussed the jnterna-
tional law governing armed ships in the
merchant service and its relation to the
newly developed submarine. He pointed
Out the absurdity, as tt seemed to him, of
contending that each new invention of

het,

an engine of warfare automatically
modified the international law govern.
ing it.
Dead Men Cannot Tell,
Mr. Sutherland said that if the United
States conceded the right of the sub-
marine to sink an armed merchantman

without warning it might as well concede

 

 

the right to sink an unarmed one, for
it was almost tnpoesi) for a sub-
marine to determine whether «4 vessel
was armed or unarmed

“Tf, therefore, the su@marine riay aet
upon appearances we shall never be ables i
to determine whether these appecrances
justified his action or net eald Mr
Sutherland “The question could not
come up for determination after the

merchantman had gone to the bottom of
the sea carrying with probably the!
passengers and crew. ‘The. result will

   

 
 

be that unarmed ships while possessing
immunity in theory, will have none in
fact."

In conclusion, Senator Sutherland de-
clared that any embargo export}
of munitions or Umiting the right to!
arm merchant vessels would be a vio-

lation of -neutrality.

CHARLESTON SEEKS N.Y. TRADE

Wants Lower Rates to Help End!

Freight Tleup.
Wasninxnetoxn, March 7.—The Inter- |
state Commerce Commission now has
full information bearing upor ngestion

of freight at New York and ot r Atlantic

terminals. Hearings on the sulbje

concluded to-day.
Shippers are opposed tv

 

t were

   

  

 

of the rulroads that t = ‘

jJusted by a reduction of the tree storage
period on export trattie and the levying !
of additional storage and demurrage
charges.

At to-day’s hearing, which was con-
tinued from vesterday, Charlies Kimonich,
representing the city of Charleston, SC,
said the present situation showed that
the port of New York no tor is able

to handle the bulk of the export traffic
of the United States
mission to take steps looking to es-
tablishment of the same rote on export
traffic from Chicago and other points to |

He ursed the com-

 

Charleston as obtains in the case of
New York. Mr. Kimmich said that the
embargoes declared by the carrier

seemed to make the situation worse, be- |

cause they did not provide for the diver. |

sion of freight to points where it coujd |
be handled.

ATTACKS FIRE DEPARTMENT.

 

Plainfield Hesident Ashe Council
to Investigate tt.
PuAINriELD, N. , March 7.--Charging |
that the Mlainficld Fire Departement us
poorly directed, neflielent, imeompeternt
and that its present chief, Too) Doane
should have been retired years ago, J

Irvine Lyle of 1200 Weet Seventh street!

  

 

    

filed with the City Council last night as
formal demand for an investigation of |
the department |

The charges are bused on happenings |
at Mr. Lyle's tome on January IS hast
when his house wa practically de. |
stroye), He asserts that the loss sthiould |
mot have heen ove 2 per cent ond |
charges this to the inefticle of the de
partment and s head It expected
that an investigation will be made

Mr, Lyle is in business New York. |
Last week lis farher-in-law, David |
Biggerstatfl, who was rescued from the
fire, died. Hle had been a paralytic for
several sears i

GOOD NEWS FOR HOUSEWIVES.

Montelair Club Women Told That

‘that

at a a a a = ee a a ae ne Oe ne ele eee nee 8
a  ———

GERMAN PLOT CHARGE
BRING MANY DENIALS

Senators Gore and Hitchcock Especially Indignant at
Lobby Story—Borah Tells of Visits by Marsalis
—Publication Influences House Action.

 

 

WASHINGTON, March 7.—A series of{ ters which he had written to Germans
denials and explanations followed the | nd members of firms which did a big

publication in a New York newspaper ty tae War were tee “ay fencers
this morning of the alleged German | @ought an interview on the part of

propaganda in favor of the Gore reso- | Koeible.

lution warning Americans off armed| The letters said in part: “I am di-
merchantmen recting certain activities which should
'. : | Advantageously affect your business in-
Senator Gore, author of the warning | terests, 110 less than appeal to your seif-
resolution, admitted that he had talked | respect as a.German-American. Although

with the agent in Washington of Al- | such activities are eminently proper they

| phonse Koeible, who is alleged to have |W!!!) largely lose their effectiveness if

been 1. 1. Marsalis. ‘The Senator said | &enerally known, hence I think ft wiser
he was not aware what or whom Mar- | to disclose them in interview and not by
sulis represented, and the only informa. | letter
tion he had was that the caller enter-| “If you feel that von would be willing
tained views the same ae his own. Mr. | to subscribe to a fund for the purpose
Gore said he had previously introduced | of such activities, if upon presentation
his bill regarding passports and his | they met with your approval, would you
resolution on that subject, both of which | kindly name the place and the time for
were put in early in January before an interview?"
Marsalis appeared, Senator Gore said: Koelble had a list of forty-nine names,
“There is nothing easiér to say than | carefully culled, as those of persons who
Senators and Congressmen have | likely would be reached by such an ap-
been influenced by a German lobby. This peal. A letter is said to have been sent

~|BAKER CONFIRMED | BRANDE

argument proves nothing except the ab-
sence of any other argument. It would
be just as easy to say that the news-
paper
bought, bribed, corrupted and debauched

making the charge ‘thas been |

(to Arthur Iselin of William Iselin & Co.
| Inquiry there yesterday brought no in-
| formation as to the receipt of the letter.
George H. Vondermuhll, a director of the
| firm, said that the firm is Swiss and not

by the American owners of British
ships; by the American owners of Brit-
ish bonds; by a pro-British lobby In the
United States,”

Senator Hitchcock was even more se-
vere in his comments,

jin sympathy with any activities that are
not capable of being explained through
the mail.
| John F. Degener, Jr., of Auffmordt &
, Co. remembered having received such a
j letter, but he detlined, he said, the offer
of @n interview and never heard any-
Borah Admite “Fool Notioa.” thing more. A. Rusch of Rusch & Co,
Senator Horah of Idaho, who was de- dry goods, of 387 Fourth avenue, remem
scribed as a man “who had a fool notion | bered having received the letter. He said
that an American citizen ought to be| he left !t lying on his desk, and after a
allowed to go anywhere in the world un-, time Koelble called. Rusch said he did
molested” and of whom {t was sald that / not listen to him, informing him that he
he (Borah) probably would change his |{s not German and was not interested
mind, said be had talked with Marsalis.; Koelble when seen at his office yester-
“He ts right in quoting me as saying | day afternoon made a general denial of
that I had ‘that foot notion about Amer- | any political activity in ald of the Ger-
foans being entitled to wo anywhere in| man cause and denied that he went to
the world and to be protected in the ex-! Germany to discuss with representatives
ercise of that right,’ but he was wrong of the German Government there any
when he declared that I would change! such political propaganda
my opinion.” “If the German Government nmade any
Senator Borah said Marsalis asked him | such suggestion to me,” he said, “I'd tell
to introduce the resolution of warning | them to go to hell damn quick, and you
and he told him that he was on the; can't make that too forcible either
other side of the issue, But Mr. Borah? say to hell with the German Government

informed him that there were Senators | when it comes to anything interfering |

who held to the same view as Mr. Mar- | with my rights as an American citizen.
salis and that they might consent to om If Germany has any idea that German

troduce it Americas, or any
ss

 

   

 

1}

part of them, can be!

| AS WAR SECRETARY

 

Takes Oath To-morrow and
Confers With Wilson on
Assistant.

| —-.

MILITIAMAN

 

IS LIKELY

 

 

|
{ Wasuinoton, March 7.—The nomina-
tion of Newton D. Baker of Cleveland,
iio, AS Secretary of War, succeeding
Judge Lindley M. Garrison of New Jer-
sey, Was received by the Senate from
the White House to-day and Immediately
confirmed, Secretary Baker will come to
Washington Thursday to confer with the
President and take the oath of office, It

is understood he will enter upon his
duties at once,

Although it is the intention of the
President to consult Mr. Baker before

naming the new Assistant Secretary of
War to succeed Henry Breckinridge of
Kentucky, Administration leaders here
have no hesitancy fn saying that the
new assistant will be chosen on the basia
of what are regarded by the President's
advisers as two prime requisites: His
stability to add political strength to the
Administration and his ability to create
sympathy among the national guard or-
GAnizations of the country for the pre-
paredness programme of the President.

A State Wilitiamaa,

For this reason it ts predicted that the
assistant will be from astern

an or
Southern State, and that he will prob-
ably be an officer of one of the State

| militia organizations

prominently mentioned at this time are

ee

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1916.

wa nn es at a ee ee

I$ ON BOTH
SIDES OF A CASE

 

Witnesses Tell of His Course
in Bankruptey Proceedings
Involving Lennox.

 

ONE CLIENT NOT |

 

WASHINGTON, March 7.—The bank-
ruptcy proceedings of P. Lennox & Co.
of Lynn, Mass, were subjected to an
investigation by the sub-committee of
the Senate Judiciary Committee to-day
fn the inquiry as to the fitness of Louis
1D. Brandeis to be a Justice of the United
States Supreme Court.

The firm became bankrupt tn 1907,
during the panic, and Nr. Brandeis was
accused of having represented some of
the creditors as well as the firm. Mor-
tis J, Strook, a New York lawyer; Abe
Stein of the firm of Btein & Co, leather
merchants {n New York, and James P.
Lennox of Lynn, Mass., were subjected to
a rigid cross-examination as to the con-
nection of Mr. Brandeis with the care.

Strook, who was on the stand early in
February, was recalled and cross-exat-
ined specifically by Senator Works, who
tried to draw from the witness the ad-
mission that he had acted tn an advisory
capacity to Lennox, while he was the
attorney in fact for Stein & Co., one
of the largest creditors of Lennox,

Strook said he only sugmested that
Lennox engage Brandeis. it appeared
from the testimony that Brandeis had
also been engaged to represent Stein
& Co

In answer to questions by District At-

The names most} torney Anderson of Boston Strook stated

that such conferences between creditors

those of J. CR, Foster, Adjutant-Gen-|and debtors with attorneys for the pur-

eral of the’ National Guard of Florida, | pose of settling Involved business affairs
and Bibbs Graves, Adjutant-General of | were common during the 1907 panic

the National Giuard of Alabama
Friends of Gen. Clinton lL. Rigge of
Maryland, one time National Guard offi-
;cer in that State and formerly one of
I the Philfppine Commisefoners, have
furged his name stron@ly, but in view of

  

  

the fact that he resigned from the
Mhilippine Commission because of fric- |
tion with Gov-Gen Harrison, who is
under the War Department, it is not
| belleved that he will be considered
Vractionliy every State in the Union
; has pot forth «a National Guard office
of it# own as tts “favorite son" for the

place
| Baker's Work Ontlined.
W nu

 

 

 

 

It was brought out that the Brandes | py nance;

firm, or one of its members, had been
counsel for another creditor of Lennox
& Co. Strook «stated, however,
Brandeis had never submitted a bill, nor

Stein,

Stein related the history
‘ng with Brandeis in Boston,
Was called to consult with

Lennox in

|

|

TRADE ENVOYS OFF
FOR LATIN AMERICA

McAdoo and Others Take
Their Wives Along, Break-
ing Navy's Rule.

 

 

HOPE TO HELP BUSINESS

 

Wasuinoton, March 7.—The United
States section of the International High
Commission, led by Secretary McAdoo,
chairman, left Washington to-day on
boarnd the President's yacht, Mayflower,
for Hampton Roads, where the party
will board the United States steamship
Tennessee to-morrow and sail for Bue-
nos Ayres to attena a meeting of the
commiseion, beginning April 3.

The President and Mrs. Wilsan went
to the Washinaton Navy Yard and bade
the party farewell just before the May-
flower weighed anchor. The Chilean
Ambaegsador and Federico M. Quintana,
Charge d'Affaires of the Arzentine Em-
bassy, were among those who boarded
the Maytiower to say good-by and ex-
prese the good wishes of the Latin
American diplomatic corps.

The party included Secretary and Mrs.
McAdoo, Assistant Secretary and Mra.
Petera, Mr. and Mra, Samuel Untermyer

| of New York, John H. Fahey of Boaton,

that)

!
collected any money for his services to}

of Nia meet- |.

where he!
; commercial

 

Senator Fletcher of Florida, Archibald
Kains, governor of the Federal Reserve
Bank of San Francisco; Paul M. War-
burg, member of the Federal Reserve
Hoard; J. B. B. Parker and ©. FE. Me-
Guire, ausistant secretaries-general.

The commission 1s to visit Rio
de Janeiro and Montevideo, It is ex-
pected that the meeting in the capital

of the Argentine Republic will last about
two weeks, and that the commission will
stop at Valparaiso, Panama and Havana
on the return trip, arriving tn Hamp-
ton Roads about the second week of |
May
The
was

International High Commiasion
created by the Pan-American
al Conference, held in Washing-
ton during last May. The comminssion
{3 composed of nine members.

To Settle Finance Problems.

The meeting is for the purpose of dis-
Ussing and agreeing upon uniformity
of lawe relating to billa of exchange.
paper, bills of lading, uni-

regard to the latter's business troubles form classification of merchandise, cur-

Stein said fe was an intimate personal
friend of Lennox and Was anxious to
straighten out his affairs.

The witness declared he would never |

have engaged Brandeis as bis atiorney
iad he thought that Brandeis was repre-

iy

! their

' fully

}will

tor Doral said he saw Marsali8{ used in the aid of Germany they are | ‘ MO” Sonting anybody else,
afterward several times in the Senate) making a colossal blunder Aroused the facet that Me. Baker has Lennox told the committee of hia
lovby and the German propagandist ai- “As for the papers and letters which | been Keown ws ao ardent pacifist: at nancial troubles and of his engaging |
ways bowed pleasantly to him, but they) have been printed, they all were stolen | 'e'! Was elton offend ciroles to) Brandele at the suggestion of Strook.
pever had any further conversation ! from my office, including the typewrytten | te feet that inasmuch as the army DIS He admitted having signed an amsign- |
Senator Kern and others named on) copy of the first letter written to me by | @re all before © the new Secres | ment for the benefit of hia creditors at
the Senate side ne oe oo ee Marealia i shall take the matter up, tary , Re . : nothing to do Brandeis . oo eee ig a sevenee
tecer nothing of Marsalis Mr. ern! with the Distriet Attorney with the aim. Wt) the format of new policies was not to be used unti annex hac
uted our tit he had supported the | of having the naves proaasurea ; sara : At the Ox et meet ng to-day Major- been consulted The firat intimation he
sident tn the Opposition to the paa- ‘I want to deny that To wus engaged | (760 Hugh Lb. Scott, chet of staff, who, had that the assignment had heen used
suge of the tiove resolution, notwit=;in any seoret plan to defeat President | has been servir iS Noting: Secretary | Was when he read of bankrup y pro-
standing he thought the warning should | Wilean or to gontrol the Republican con-| Since the resigt of Mr. Garrison,, ceedings against hie firm in the news.)
we ossued, but he beleved the President) vention. I know of no organiaed effort | : ade . See tia which he nat ee |
should be supported or any individual effort to help Germany | President that the appeintment of Mr.) chee rae sear
The exposition of the activities of et shtouat the ballot box. I etait thet 1] Maker had met with) general favor nt Y., S. GIRL TRAMPS WITH KING. |
German agent undoubtediy had an in-] was interested in Congress and {n learns) War Department circles ZT oS ae
fluence on the vote in the House on the] ing what was going on there, but I did| | Nerse in Soldier's Suit After Ship

McLemore resolution. The name of Rep-] not employ T. i. Marsalie and I know

resentative Sherwood of Ghio was men-| of no organigation that employed him
tioned In the correspondence published) to act as a lobbyist m Washington in.
his morning Mr Sherwood clatmed) penale of Germans

e bad never seen Marsalis Or any one
else claiming to represent the German-
American Alliance

Marsalis Not Fouad,

Marsalis could be found

 

 

 

 

 

 
      

 

 

 

 

 

'
Ureadliner Compensated for Theft
of Min Overcoat,

| Willie.” the six foot four West. |
jer boy in the bread line, appeared yees- |

| “Little

 

 

 

 

  

 

BOY GIANT FINDS A JOB. |

 

le Sunk Ie Alded by Nicholas.

Miss Marie Lamaa of Chicago, a mem
her of the JO W. Frothingham unit of
the Red Crosa@ service in Montenegro, ar-
rived) yesterday from Piraeus by the
Greek line ateamship Vusilefs Constan-

 

 

i

tome regulations, consular certificates
and invoices, port charges, uniform regu-
lations for commercial travellers, &c. It |
is the purpose of the commission to
eatry on active work for the adoption by
i of the countries represented of auch

taal

uniform lawe as the conference may
agree upon
The Central and South American re-

 

publics presented to the Pan-American ;
Francial Conference varlous memor- |
anda setting forth the questions that, In}
belief, demanded tmmediate at- |
These topics have been care-
analyzed by the various sections |
the International High Commission
the United States Commissioners
sail with many data prepared by
students and technical experts on the
subjects involved The United States |
fection has suggested to the Argentine!
Government that the following topics be |
incorporated in the programme of the |
Buenos Ayres meeting
Necessity of better transportation fa-
cilities between the American republics
and meins of securing them. improved
banking facilities extension of credits:
financing of enterprises, public and pri-
Vate. stabilizing of international ex-

tention

of
and

| change; arbitration of international dis-

 

 

 
 
       
     
     

BOND ano MORTGAGE

DIRECT TO BORROWERS

LAWYERS MORTGAGE CO.
RICHARD M. HURD, Provident

& Pr. 30,008,000

00 Liberty 6t.,.N.Y. 1846 Montages Bt. Ska.

WATSON LEADS FOR
INDIANA SENATOR

James P. Goodrich Ahead in|
the Republican Primary
Race for Governor.

 

 

 

1

 

ADAIR FOR DEMOCRATS,

 

MOREY 10 Ton |

| Also sentenced to thirty days.

« a+ ee ee ee

FORCED TO IMPRISON WOMEN.

Judge A. G, Dayton Compcitea ta
Overcome Scraples,

Judge A. G. Dayton of West Virginia
who is temporarily assigned to the
United States District Court here, over.
came his abhorrence at sending a woman
to jail yesterday and imposed TgR@
prison sentences on two women Violators
of the Federal law, He sentenced Mr.
Helen Andrews to a day in the custody
of the Marshal for having drugs iy he
possession, and sent Roste Katzka, alias
Rosie Pekaprov, to jail for thirty davg
for coming back to this country after
having been deported for moral tum.
tude,

Only the day before Judge Dayton, in
imposing a fine of $50 on Mrs. May Wu.
son Hale, a pretty suffragiet of Boston
said he shared the Southern opinion that
{t was a horrible thing to send a woman
to jail. Yesterday morning he wags jy.
terviewed by a woman newspaper write;
as to why he did not believe in impos.
ing equal punitive burdens on men and
women. The Judge is said to have re.
plied that he was not a suffragist,

Immediately after the Interview Judge
Dayton was confronted by the painty!
necessity of sentencing Rosie Kataka
after she had pleaded guilty to ret urning
to this country for immoral purposes
with Joe Lazaraviteh. The latter wae
Assistant
United States Attorney Harold A. Con.
tent prosecuted the care

°
‘

INDIANAPOLIS, March —Indiana’s
first Presidential primary waa held to-

day, but the ballote contained the names

 

| Thirteenth, all Republicans

of #0 many candidates and the method |

of tabulating the returns is so complex
that several days may pass before St is

known officially who has been normi-,
nated.

The vote in the various counties |
varied, aome reporting a total of only

50 per cent. of the full vote and others |
from 60 to 75 per cent. There was no
serious trouble anywhere except at Terre
Haute, where one election worker shot
and seriously wounded another and a
bystander was wounded in the leg by #
stray bullet. |
The Progressive vote was not as heavy |
as many persons predicted. |
The weather was e«pringlike tn the
morning, but in the afternoon high winds
and rain kept many voters at home.
Only three parties participated in the
primary, the Republicans, the Democrats
and the Progressives.
The Republicans had three candidates

for the United States Senate, Harry 8.
New, James FE. Watson and Arthur It

Robinson. John W. Kern was the only
Democratic candidate. The Republicans
also had three candidatee for Governor,
James BY. Gjoodrich, Warren T. MeCray
and Quincy Myers. The Democrats had
two, John A. M. Adatr and Leonard I’
Clore

The Progressives
for President

had no candidate
J, Francis Hanly was the

eandidate for Governor and James EF

Watson for United States Senator
Republicans cast their preferential,

votes for Charles W. Fairbanks for

President, while the Democrats voted for
Woodrow Wilson

Six candidates for Congress had no on-
position, and were therefore nominated
They are Lincoln Dixon, Fourth dis-
trict: Ralph W. Moses, Fifth, and Henry
A. Barnhart, Thirteenth, all Democrats;
8. Wallace Cook, First district, Joba H
Edwards, Third, and Andrew J. Hickey, |

10°30 o'clock to-night the primary
returns showed that James EK. Watson,
was leading in the Republican nomina-
tion contest for United States Senator
and that Jame« BP. Good! led the,

At

 

 

h
race for nomination for Governor

 

 

 

 

not ay his . , j ' ' 1 net 1 yas nervally conceded ex-Repulit- +
_ i fiatcal : ; (inos with her version of the sinking of! putes: negotiable instruments, bills of | t Was generals) j
* ey 7 office and at his home his wife suid he/terday minus his overcoat, which was | the Italian ateamehip Brindie!, which! jadin Sate sae ae »| can Adair had been nominated for Gov-
2 . | not{ce once bi ick B ow ' ( i @, warehouse receipts; uniformity | : Mart '
ADMIT SOME CHARGES. | \wa been away for three weeks and she | MOotleed at onc ue ae Where} struck a mine in the Adriatic on Jan-! of customs regulations and classification | etnor by the Democrats.
eaeineenent did not know exactly where he was ha vente ae f an eg 1’ would Ike to} vary ¢ lof merchandise; postage rates, parcel aomantenceme —_— '
< . * } at is just hat Houle ‘ke to ¢ t . eres " eos
Kosible Sere Letters Were sialon) ae ict anbaoea ty ips seo une | kn ww,” be paid. “T staked one of ene | Among her experiences after reaching post aud money order facilities; cable FOR OYSTER BAY'S GRAND MAN. |
From Wis Omer, | tens my Appeal ‘10 German American | 2oys to the price of a neal with a part | ern ay Seer hal ti nih: an . ph ty aan Ray enalt’ baties Se -
d é i i Aiericg mae aT anow | sole a ue » he ‘OMpaAnionN part o travellers «at Sumnples, pater , .
There was a series of denials vester= | citizens io? “Naw York Htate to. band yor ah mney |oinade shove ing snow lthe way being King Nicholas of Monte | trade marke and copsrlaite r The Voters of Linn Counts, Mo.,
ane? ao ec ers ee “sine their appeals to their Senators and Con- Ore nT ; ie AGhanTt Suis iG ak negro, Who gave her a horse with which! Want Him for President.
re nec in the story yo an a ed) nase . o favor e resol is hi ‘ He mission ' one u {his | e "" | = ;
Te BIOL WIEN IOHLSUNtR WOKING TO Teer ce cos Ane F Hions Which) ening iny friend and coat were both | to complete her journe MARTINE TO RUN FOR SENATE Brookririv, Mo, March 7—A pe
oh . : urge a Warning on the part of our Giev- | | Miss Lamos said that) par on the! 4 . ' ar . Pa
House and the Senate to vote! ernment to passengers intending to go) BY’ era | ship followed the explosion of the mine Von declaring for Theodore Roorevel
toe Interest of Ge rmany on cureations | on belligerent ships can be so construed 1 Nat wa ! ard lu “ky seid ‘Tom and that in the wild rush for lfeboats! derseyman Out of Race for Delee for Preaident is being cin ulated it Linn
eomng up in Congress There were) 1} . n6: Senbesentative ‘han the Merry The Bowery is not the same ae re knocked overboard Some | county, he petition reads as follows
denials tuo of any plan to attempt to! | pis a. Seeee ‘hulene any repres /@* the plains, my lads they will take cae iuniaeaivall The lifeboat in whic! mate at Large. “We, the citizens of Linn county, Mis-!
( ol the Republican National Con: | entativ PR ouinaran Gea ihe aerate the gold Miling out of your teeth if you | sot ete found herself eae caps re Wasttiscton, March 7.--Senator Mar. souri, with the honor and fntegrity of
\ nin the interest of the Central} fentative in ee fe Taran MANS POUND, MSU “SRan ON she ana io waa thrown into the sea oo tire of New Jersey to-day announced the United States of America at heart
Powers and bring about a defeat of me Sea as such he is mMisrepres | rowers But maybe your luck will Be ea Stone n nae four 1 1 plant he would not be a candidate for) and in view of the great crisis now}
President Wilson seni MITRE . change | oe ee ante nti aad ih ee oi ate at large to the St. Louis con-{| staring us in the face and diplomatic re-
The story) printed vesterday asserted Mr. Koelble is an old friend o ne Just then the telephone rang and Tom | ae ee ek re * ae ain Ale A vention, assigning as a reason that hel lations about to be severed with Europe, |
that (. J. Hexamer of Philadelphia, head | and 1 don't believe he has any lobby Merry was wanted “Have yeu still got | ae A et BS “the aur vor had heen hud already determined to run for an-| want a man for President who is ac-|
of the German American National Al-| Washington, I know he is an ardent Western boy who paid back the | ded an Austrian aeroplane dropped other term in the Senate | quainted with the affairs of the old cou
\lianee; Henry Weistnann of Brooklyn, | Democrat and I recently wrote him of | ubstake aid the voice at the other | seu E aat hein ane added to their! He urged on Democrats the advisa- } (ry) a man who commands the respect |
head of many German organigationa,| the inadvisability of our German) end of the wire, which ‘Tom recognized iapent ; ; Sflnbty of electing delegates pedged to} and attention of the civilized wor'd who
and Alphonse G. Koelble, a lawyer and} friends engaging in any movement} as that of the man who has helped many | aia Lamos's wet clothing, while out the renomination of Woodrow W ison € a scholar and a statesinan, and this
former newspaper man of SO Maiden! against Wilson’ other breadiiners. “We sure have,” said {| 0°" “ehat hen : : ni ; ‘ vehnt ipa a | ie +H nd man from Ovster
i to dry, was stole and then she wasjdeciaring that any other course would | man is the grand man from Oyster Bay
lane, had planned an organization, se-{ Mr. Weismann said he sent out the) 1% “He's right here now.’ “Well, forced to take the trip in men's clothing. be “party suicide Mhaodore Roosevelt =
cretiy financed by Germans, but having | circular, the authorship of which he ad-/ send him down,” said the voice. “LE think | free z eal ; ane ; , 7 : |
at its head politielans of other than | mits, with the idea of defending German) 1 can use a boy Ike that Better ania
Irish or Teutonic names |} Americans against the attack made on) him down right away.”
} them by President Wilson , And “Little Willie,” the boy giant,
hKhoelble'’sa Letters Foand, United States Senator (rGiorman, whoj| wth a loaf of bread under one arm and
Additional evidence was obtained yea-| Was in the city, bad ne comment to munching on another, set off from the |
terday, despite Koelble’s dental, as to{ make on the assertion in one of Mar-) bread depot for the business house down-
the manner in which Koelble sought to] Salis's letters, to the effect that “O'Gor- | town with high hopes of a steady job 9 6ss§ axes é r an
tinduce the organization. Cepies of let-' man is opposed to Lansing “Enclosed find check for $5 to help} 9
along the good werk you are doing in P e
rao rm oie = ae - ~Tthe bread line.’ said a fetter received |
‘yesterday signed ‘Passat “GG. SF. ii
| A | Memors who has been a steady con- |
i tributer to the bread fund, sent $1 | Y R e : |
! ! '
our Kepresentatives Adv. |
IN WEST UPON DEFENCE TREAT T0 800 DINERS: 2*: BUTLER ON SPEAKING TRIP. S d b “Th S D 1 P ” Ne
' t | e |
(eats ian Eas cage and by “The Square Deal Program
SS atalled as College Preatdents, High taxes, increased rents and unjust tax burdens go together. |
If We Must Fight, He Wants) "Star Spangled Banner™ at) te Nioeas Murray Hutter, pyeri- If we can stop the unjust tax burdens, we can reduce taxes aiid hold down rents.
. jdent of Columbia University, left New Ti te jc ; thy aval r New Y eat ‘
Meet re tecle 1s is the reason why every resident of New York City should stand behind
‘ar ~Ow , Arlington Heard in Capital, | vork yesterday for a month's trip, His oa : ;
a War All Our Own After | . | | objective points are the celebrations at | the fight for fairer laws. |
Thee . | , \ . ‘ork hthe (University of Washington and
rhis One's Over. ia New York. i! | f
Washington State College, both of which |
win eal canis Wien ce baer THE SQUARE DEAL PROGRAM
j Io. butler will make some twenty | 4 . cee : a Peis Sf a Mths ; .
Su OMnUe. IGKa ALATGRO Meek! SMARHINOTON, March -7ie—Tha AiNUAlLapeaches; Many of tham lafare cite Ist Repeal the State Aid Law which compels New York City to pay for
J Keyan, in the opening speech of his dinner of the National Geographic Sox | bodies, but whether there is any politi- local dirt roads in upstate counties, saving us yearly... 0000... $1,300,000
hiddle West campaign against President |clety wae heid here to-night to come | (il signiticaice in his trip be did not say | 2nd Prevent special State appropriations for local upstate bridges. ete.,
Wilson's preparedness policy here to- | memorate the recent achievements in ‘he! he will Stay to-morrow and. Friday, | which cost this City : GaMeUls ans TLE Acs ald acne gee cs 750,000
night, said that there was no reason for | BAG. OF the lene Metance tslephohe See- maciie speeches i fore tha City SRaCn: ard Give this City its share of State highway stow hich the City must
: . shange | vy | retary ) “ane 8 toustelers Association, ie Columbia a , smi hiath ¢
| the United States to change its policy| oie, phe speakers were lr. Alex- and the Palimpsest Chib | eventually contribute $182,000,000, . . reteee ee seen gure 2,000,000
Cae eee ot rae how (has auan tatorh (AERC eer iT, See, ee Beam March 11 fo 4%, he: sill ba ind 4th State to pay for normal schools here as it now does in rest of State... 1,000,
less danger of war now than ever before, John J. Carty amd U.N. Bethel Denver, where he will address the | . . nee > ic ten (* ; , , Ais . :
if we had 0 choose between | Among the features of the programme| Chamber of Commerce, the Mile” High Sth State to pay for Public Service Commission's expenses here as it does
: this war and settling our dis- |Wa# the tranamiasion by wie and wires | Club, the National Security League, | in rest of State. . RUE SAAR arent agian aes Nannies re 600,000
erie ae Se ‘ , “lless of the song ‘She Star Spangled | Colorade branch, and the Columbia “ity ay ‘ eo “ke gay
pute by ww separate war, after this war ; Banner” from Ariington, Va, to New) alum Thence he will go to Portland oth City to get tax on transte rs of stock - Id here Shee te eee 4,000,000
s over, with the nation with which wel York and back again to the banquet} and Tacoma, in which cities he will ade | ith City to get share of auto tax on machines owned here. fate ook re buat e vata ce 500,000
i huve the dispute, It would be better to hall The music came from a phono-| dress the Chambers of Commerce in ad- sth City to get share of new excise tax if additional tax 1s levied
dition to other org : , ,

Housekeeping Isn't Drodgers,

 

 

fear

  

Montenain, No o, Mare Emer.
sonian principles can le pplied wath |
success to housekeeping, Mrs rank Ao!
Pattison of Colonia told the members of |
the Montelair Women's Club ato their!
meeting tn Fullerton Phdl tn speaking j
on “Dore boangiteering }

The compet: loureheeper, Mrs. Pate |
tison submitted rule heave ‘ Aent, |
cultivate comino NOLiSe judgment, |
ecek provident eou 0 good
sources, standardize her operat and |
practise the squire deal The speaker
contended that terice we no beter

“a drudgery because of the many cone |
veniences troduced to lessen labor
and save tine

NEW JERSEY NOTES,

Charice MY Thompson Haske x
Bx-County Clerk, has anneu { his can
didacy for Congres

Paterson health ha veined
eimbalines bidet ipkeeper t
Was vel r ‘ t

David Minham iu ‘ i.
terday of the mas " nd
Truet Comput f bie Crane shich
Wha nerged with the JF pie Hunk

Henrys Hritt, a carpente f the W
Bhore Raliroad, was kilied ar West
Blewood yesterday Ile in be ved to have |
elepped Off # Work train direct in front
of €n express, Of amother track

James Gianetti, @ taaicab driver of Mont-
clair, Nad his choice of running down a
woman or a fire alarm box Herechose the
lutter and broke the post off at its base.

aterday Recorder Yost ordered him to

 

{thought a demand from the people, de-
j clared that we were not threatened from

Nave the Separate war rafher than enter |@raph played Inte @ wireless receiver at

This seattored

 

 

this ht and put our army and navy at Arlington. instrument
the command of a KMuropean monarch the song in the air, where it was taken
to he used to settle his quarrels with /Up by the Hertzian waves and carried
othe Kurepean countries,’ said) Mr, |ewerywhere, Tt wak gathered up again
{irvan jand turned back to Washington over an
“lf We cannot ston the dogs of war {ordinary long distance phone, which de-
over there, we ought to at least keep | iivered it to the ears of the $00 diners
bydropholia out oof this eountry until; During the evening communication
the fleht is over.’ {was established, through Ottawa, with
Mr. Hryan ade reference to D'yesi- | Canada; through Juarez, with Mexico,
i det Wilson only onee ' with Seattle, Wash, and with Jackson-
lhe President in bis Manhattan Club | Ville, Fla The Pacific sent its message
peech, though yielding to what he) te the diners both by ear and sight, for

'
| while a motion picture showed the surf
| of the great ocean breaking on the Calt
any quarter, that we were at peace with | fornia coast tho telephone brought the
all world and that there waa no| Very roar of the breakers.
among us. observed Mr. Bryan. |
Touching upon Senator Gore's resolu. | ~
tion to warn Americans off armed mer- |
chantmen, he continued ; : '
“The question is not whether an Amer- |
an has the right to travel on a bellig- ,
erent ship. dt is Whether amy American
should so disregard bis duty as to drag |
lis country into war by taking unneces- |
sary riche oor, in oa time like this, when
the Old World ts in riot, this Government
sheuld allow its citizens (0 take upon
themselves the responsibility of gompel-
ling # resert to arma.”

the

MANHATTAN,
Fourth Avenue, cor. 25th Street,
Eldridge @treet, cor. Rivington St.
Beventh Ave., bet. 48th and 40th 414
Lesington Ave., cor. 124th Atrees.
Gread Btsect, cor. Clinton Stress.
Mest 72d Ot, bét. Lesidgtion’& 3d Aves,
Kast Houston t., cor, Keses Ht.

 

 

R |
Rahy te Moved in Folding Bed. |

PorrsMouTH, @hio,, Ma %-—When |
the family moved Mra. Flovd Steitherger |
of Waverly placed her month-old baby |
in a folding bed, Movers closed up the

   

06 PER MONTH ON PLED

ininations
from March

oo

18 to $2, Dr,
address the Chamber of
ind make three = other
speeches, at the installation of Dr,
llenry Suazalo, as president of the Uni-
versity of Washington tle will also go
fo Everett to address the Chamber ot
| Comnierve On March 24 and 24 Tr,
Butler will be at Pullman, Wash., for
the jostallation of tae bh F. Holland as
head of Washington state College, where
he will speak

On his return trip he will speak be-
fore the Chamber of Commerce and the
University Club of Spokane on March
Ile will be the guest of the Co-

In Seattle,
| Butler will
(onimnerce
one

lumbia alumni of Chicago on March 28

 

GE

OF PERSONAL PROPERTY

———————_—_—_—_—_—_—_———
THE PROVIDENT LOAN SOCIETY OF NEW YORK

 
   

BRONX.
Courtlandt Ave., cor, 148th Street.

BROOKLIN.
Smith &., cor, Livingston St,
Graham Avenue, cor, Dehevolse St.
Vitkin Avenue, cor, Rockaway Ave.

itt ri

> war gmne enue -spememees

   
  

        

ee

|

|
|
|

 

   

TOTAL ANNUAL SAVING
Now ts the time to get together for New York City,

When other cities want legislative relief they enlist every citizen, unite forces,

and get results!

Your fellow citizens ask you and your Assemblyman and Senator to put your

shoulders to the wheel and help.

MASS MEETING at Carnegie Hall

George Gordon Battle will preside.

Mayor Mitchel will discuss the program from the standpoint of the city govern-

ment.

Adolph Bloch wil! speak for the real estate owners.

Peter J. Brady will present the viewpoint of organized labor and the re
Martin Littleton will deal with the broad aspects of the situation.

69th Regiment Band
TAX REDUCTION COMMITTEE, ASTOR HOUSE BUILDING.

WILLIAM H. CHILDS, Chairman.
GEORGE GORDON BATTLE,

Executive Committee.

EDWARD C. BLUM,
PETER J. BRADY,
ABRAM I. ELKUS,

ALFRED E, MARLING,
LAURENCE M'GUIRE,
C,G, M. THOMAS,
CYRUS C. MILLER,

WELDIN

JESSE ISIDOR STRAUS,

Friday Eve.
March (0

ntpayer,

G RING,

Adv. No. 3. |
More To-morrow. \

 

 

PRATT

| Stenotypy, Secretaryehip. Send fur free catalos

WALWORTH

| keeping, SecretarialCourse, CivilService. SeeCatales
{

» Hariesn Branch
| Brook'yn
Philadeiphia,
Classes and private lessone

e e
Swimming
Vrepare for Summer
DALTON SWIMMING SCHOOL

Baby’s Store

There is a section on the sec-
ond floor.

Mother knows it
well and Grandma knows it
too. It is devoted to Baby's
own needs.

The little bands and shirts,
bootees and knee-bootees, the
winsome petticoats, dresses
and coats, the stockings, caps,
the bibs, the veils—

Fresh, dainty things all, fairly
priced and served with quiet
courtesy and intelligence.

NEW YORK’S
PRIVATE
SCHOOLS

YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.

BARN AKD SCHOOL FOR BOTS.

jeidston, West 242d St. Boys may re
main all day, sncluding Sat'y. Study hour.
Tennis Courts. Ath Field. Kind’ to Collage

Guatinsssensenunesionneaneenue
Mr.CARPENTER'S SCHOOL for BOTS
810-512 West Eud Ave. Tel. Col. 430,
The 16th year begins October 4, 1916.
Outdoor eXercises 1:50 wo 4 all winter.

IRVING SCHOOL L. D. RA
Ww. .. Tel. 4836 Schuyler. >

Boys from 6 to 20. All rtmenss.

Ne home atudy for boys under 15.

saan tmaioepinsiactrearniatneipesimeatianienmiiinsio
RIVERDALE COUNTRY SCHOOL,
14 acres, near Van Cortlandt Pk. at s
D..y & Boarding Boys F.8 Hackett, Head
master. Intimate teaching by Scholarly Meo

 

 

 

 
   

 

  

EO
FOR GIRLS AND YOUNG WOMEN.
eee eer
BARNARD SCHOOL OF HOUSEHOLD
ARTS, 226 W. 79 St. Training for home
makers.  Dressmaking, designing, wuilli-
nery, cooking, accounts. Tel. 9060 S< bus.

—_—_—
THE BARNARD SCHOOL FOR GIRLS.

 

 

Kindergarten to College. Graduates
leading Colleges Gymnasium and Tennis
Catalogue. 425 West 1lésth Street.

BOTH SEXES.
THE BROWN SCH

SOP res

  

;CHOOL OF TUTORING
240 West Tath Stenet
Office 241 W. 75th St. Tel, Col. ssag

Twe years in one. Absolutely tndividual

 

— $$$...
ETHICAL CULTURE Sc ROOr
Central Park West and Sixty-third s:rnet
From Kindergarten to College.
Athletic Field. Open Air Departman:
rE
Tihs DIRECTORY APPEARS DAILY
SUNDAY RATES ON REQUEST.
HE SCHOG COLLEGE AND Cavip

UREAU, N. ¥. SUN, N.Y. CITY,
rr )

 

  

&
5

 

INSTRUCTION,

~~ eee anne net

BUSINESS SCHOOIA
~ NEW YORK CITY, New York.
All Business Subjects.

Day & Night Sessions, 22nd Year
Thdividual Instruction.

ILLER SCHOOL

Upenentireyear, Catalog Frea
Lexington Ave,at J24 St

 

SCHOOL—-42 West 45th S$)
Individual insteuction,day.evs
ning ; Shorthand ; Boukkeepixg

 

 

Business institute, Broatwar
4& 724 St. Stenography, Hoos:

 

LANGUAGES,

 

NEW YORK, New York City.

 

THE BERLITZ SCHOOL of LANGUAGES

by 25-09 WEST 34TH St.tea

eete »..843 Lenox Ave
h....218-320 Livingston 8!
léth & Chestnut, Lover Kids
Day & evaniné

Hran<

SWIMMING,
NEW VORK CITY, New York

 

Selentinialls

Taught

bend far

2 ttrh

 

    
     
     
       
     
       
     
   
           
   
     
   
       
         
         
    
      

  

 
 

Private

Schoo!s

THE SUN maintains @
most efficient Educationa!
Bureau.

This complete service {s
absolutely free of charge to
you.

Accurate and unbiassed
information given to a!
inquirers.,

his service wil! prove of
valuable assistance in se-
lecting the proper schoo!
for placing your boy or girl.

In writing give sufficient
details so that intelligent
advice can be given.

SCHOOL - COLLEGE
and CAMP BUREAU

150 Nassau 8t., New York