Ae SN OO EN as Otte,

o¢ 5

_THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1916.

=)

BIRD AIDED WIDOW
IN CAREY ROMANCE

‘

Sweet Words to Canary Were
for “Old Pop,” Valued at
$50,000 by Wife.

—— eS

SES aenoneenanpennapnon = ane —— =

QAKACA REBRLS KILL| WH TNEY AND HERVEY, |
‘BIR OWN GENERAL] ~=FLAYED, LIKELY TO WIN

Carranza Forces There Exe. Railroads Will Rule Service Board, Thompson Charges,
cuting “Traitors Too if These Two Become Members—Lawson Joins 3- |
Zapatistas Active Again, Hour Attack, but Confirmation Is Predicted.

 

 

 

 

 

DIVORCE FAVORED
FOR MRS. HUNTER

Justice Erlanger Indicates
Ruling to Follow—Wit-
nesses Discredited.

 

 

     
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       
   
   

NO FORECLOSURE
TROUBLES

Circumstances may make it
necessary for you to foreclose
what were considered good mort-
gages. Even if you know that you
cannot lose ultimately, forecios-
ure suits cause annoyance and
an interruption of income.

All this is eliminated if yeu
purchase only Guaranteed Mert-
gages. 7
_ The interest > will coal
regularly until princi
paid and the Bond & Mortgage
Guarantee Company will take
the consequences of the forecies-
ure, purchasing the property if
necessary.

No iavestor has ever lost a dollar

(uaranTez @

 

 

 

 

——$

g VILLA CHIEFS CAUGHT

 

 

ALBANY, March 7.—The indications
to-night were that the Senate Finance
Committee will report for the considera:

Prxpagepness may be for many: thitgs

oe roe :
Rese, tne of war prepare for peuce: it cpatalon

Every present condition . te toward sound and

of a citizen who had his property ine!
terests to protect against the unjust, if
hot the illegal, encroachment of the

rail , . .
tlon of the Senate Gov. Whitman's nomi. | fulzoad, In Its levated construction on,

nations of Travis H. Whitney and! have been appointed a commissioner un-|
Charles 8. Hervey as members of the | til we completed our investigation.”
New York city Public Service Commis- | mnie te tees te ae au ae
sion. They are expected to report also | the Industrial Commissioners, He pub-|
the nominations of Louls Wiard of ,

mitted resolutions from the Central |
Batavia, James M. Lynch of Syracuse, Labor Union of Brooklyn, the Interna-!
John Mitchell of Mount Vernon, Wiil-

nis Papermakers Union and other
a . -
jam H. li. Rogers of Rochester and e Sy Wnnnerone UypNwne. SutTrneD
Edward P. Lyon of Brooklyn as mem-

BLACK TIGHTS ADMITTED| LOVE LETTERS PRODUCED

 

 

 

specu! Cable Despatch to Tue Sus

Mexico Crty, March 7.—It was offl-
cally announced to-day that the Villista
generals Banderas, Mendez, Urbalejo
end Bachorno have been captured and
imprisoned in the Sonora penitentiary.
They will be court-martialled by Obre-

n, chief of forces there.

It was also announced that Gen. Cas-
tros Vaxaca forces remain in Ocotlan,
occupying Oaxaca city

Supreme Court Justice Erlanger, who
heard the divorce suits brought by Mrs.
Anna Belleville Hunter and Frederick
Willlam Hunter aganst each other, in
which they named Mrs. Sarah E. Grenor
and Jolin Barret Kerfoot, literary critic
on Life, as corespondents, announced
yesterday that he was disposed to decide
for Mrs. Hunter, but would not an-

Patrick J. Carey, gray haired father of
thirteen children, who is the cause of the
$50,000 alienation sult brought by Mrs.
Elizabeth Carey against Mrs. Minerva B.
Toler, wealthy widow of John Watts De
Puyster Toler, proved yesterday to be
“Old Pop Carey" when one of the wit-

neeses in the case took the stand before
Supreme Court Justice Philbin and a

lasting prosperity for the United States.

P. foespects are remote for any immediate chenge in
these basic conditicne likely to affect value

An signe

ted to the turn of the tide, and the

Sen pendulum was due to swing the cther way.

Charges Against Lynch.

s + That was the way in which Carey

the Oakacane Capital & Surplus, $10,000,000 jury :

th : be ‘ is . ‘ nounce his ruling until the findings are/ was first introduced to Mrs. Toler at the the favora' ctors current trade con-
ee ae te le” lene, feet th eee ee ana 170 Oe akon Gt demaien Sf | Dresented “for iis signature Kiverside Theatre by Jeremiah J. Mur- ditions, we canlbok to the lars with equaniens
ported officially — tha e Oaxacans | sion. uty, that we can conscientiously vote to! Fakon St pb oe he fact that| Phy, the ticket taker, when Mrs, Toler ty.
executed i) Oaxaca city thelr general! ‘This moans that the differences be-|COMfirm a man who has admitted he had eaacat tt tau Wicueee haute at | F

Rafael Callmayver, ex-Zapatista leader in
the Mexico city region. No feason is
even for the execution. Officials say
that Castro is removing public function-
ares as he occuples Oaxaca towns, put-
ong in Constitutionalist sympathizers
ard execulig Wrongdoers and traitors.
Among those put to death was the
former reactionary leader of Monico,

askea, “Who is that nice looking old
gentleman?”

“Qui Pop Carey" won Mrs. Toler's
affections at once, it Was said, although
he Was about fifteen years older than
the widow. Mary Carey, a maiden elater
of Carey, with whom he went to live
after his wife found out about his affair
with Mrs, Toler, testified that she heard

the doors In the Hunter home at Free-
hold,.N. J., where servants said they
saw Mrs. Hunter and Kerfoot enact a
number of unconventional scenes, were
unlocked was a strong indication that
there was no wrong in what took place
there. He didn't believe also that per-
sous of the e#tunding of Mre. Hunter

grafted on the State treasury,” sald
Senator Lawson, “and who showed the

indiscretions which Commissioner Lynch!
has testified to before the Coroner's jury
in Kings county—a man who has been
Sullty of using his department as a vest EVILS ON WILSON

 

tween the old guard Republican Sena-
tors and Gov. Whitman will be fought
out on the floor of the Senate. It is alsu
taken to mean that all of the nomina-
tions eventually will be contirmed, with
a number of Republican Senators alone
voting against confirmation.

The Senate committee listened to the

| en of these factors spells PREPAREDNESS for
good timee—the seven fat years following the seven

Sl

Discuse now with the Harriman National Bank such
changes in your banking as the future may call for.

pocket organization, even appointing!
relatives to office under him without civil!

 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

crue Chema, accused of having a hand
in execuling Gen. Jesus Carranga,

Gen Davila, commanding in the State
of Yuebla, reports that Zapatistas at-
tacked six towns in the Tepeaca and the
Teali districts, burning some towns.
Davila rushed reenforcements from Pu-
ebia city and Tehuacan, routing the
Yapalistas Tuvila reports further
fchting around Matomoros and Izucar
wth Zapatistas, These have been de-
fea'ed

Heavy fighting occurred to-day in the

mountainous Capulin region about
twenty miles south of Mexico city, the
Constitutionalists taking the enemy's

They have also made im-
portant advances toward Morelos, the
Constitutionalists losing but few men
and the Zapatistas losing heavily.

Two Constitutionalist army officers

etronsholds.

 

protest of Senators Thompson and Law-
son against these nominations for over
three hours to-day. When the commit-
tee adjourned !t was the expectation
of Chairman Sage that the camiunittee
would meet to-morrow to vote, in which
event the appointments weuld come up
for a vote in the Senate on Thursday,

Sage for Free Discussion,

“These nominations present an impor-
tant problem,” suid Chairman Sage to-
night. “and it is my idea that they
should be fully discussed in the open on
the flour of the Senate rather than be
smothered in committee.”

The protests of Senators Thompson
and Lawson were heard in executive
session. First Senator Lawson as chair-
man of the sub-committee of the Thomp-
son committee gave the details of the

service examinations, and who has im-!
posed on the State by permitting, under)
alleged rulings of the Comptroller, in-,
spectors in his department to spend $18,- |
000 on lunches, when he was crying for
more money for more inspectors.
“Commissioner Lynch was voted a
BTatuity of $10,000 by the national typo-
graphical organization on his trip to
Providence on the plea that he was a
poor man, and yet he is a stockholder
and director in the Central Truat Com-

 

 

 

Tells Republicans in Trenton
Blunders Cause Needless
Stress.

 

pany of Syracuse.
Typographical
the
$10,000 to Lynch and asked him to re-

the
agalnat

turn it.

“Commissioner Lyon of Brooklyn is

illegality

Journal

of voting

In November, 1914,
protested | —

this

the legal member of the Industrial Com- , ’
inission and a lawyer of twenty years | “or Burton bezan by saying that in

experience.

URGES G, 0. P. RULE AGAIN

TRENTON, March 7.—Ex-Senator Theo-
jdore A, Burton of Ohio spoke here to-

night before the Republican Club, Sen-

After he had been on the) times like these it is a citizen's duty to

 

and Kerfoot would do the things the
servants said they did. Counsel for
Hunter drew the court's attention to the
testimony of a witness who described an
alleged bedroom scene, but Justice Er-
langer satd he didn’t believe the wit-
ness,

As to his decision that Mrs. Grenor
and Hunter had improper relations, Jus-
thee Erlanger said that the testimony
concerning the trip which the couple
took to New COrleans and back in a
sleeping cur compartment and concern-
ing their occupancy of adjoining rooms
ina New Orleang hotel for several days
Was convincing.

a

Mere. Henter Explaine Tights.

A feature of the testimony yesterday
was Mrs. Hunter's admission on her
cross-examination that she had worn

a thir

Mrs, Toler suggest that Carey enter a
“suicide pact’ by which he was to kill
her and then himself.

Sarah Carey, another maiden sister,
testified that the lovemaking
Mrs, Toler and her brother was done
mostly by Mrs, Toler and that they had
a secret way of making love.
> party was present with
brother amd Mrs, Toler,” said Miss Carey,
“they didn't wish to appear affectionate

Neccesatous demands are not favorably regarded by
benkere.

between

Every provision for future needs is the part of wiedort.

Sound and testing banking alliances are not reedily
formed at the last moment.

ED

“When
my

and call each other pet names, so Mrs.
Toler used to turn to a little canary bird
in the room and call it by the sweetest
of names--'Patsy Darling,” ‘Honey |
Bunch, ‘Love Child,’ ‘Sweetie’ and |
‘Pettle” She told me afterward that it
Was urranged between them that when
Mrs. Toler was saying these sweet things
to the bird iny brother was to understand
that she meant him.”

 

 

Service is the feature of the Harriman National Bank,

which is pleased to discuss with prospective
Guaees tell eevee.

BANKING HOURS FROM OA. M. TOO P. M
SAFE DEPOSIT VAULTS 6 A.M. TO MIDNIGHT.

z rs ” ¢ Miss Carey saic E t the reques
were executed in Mexico city to-day, Sub-committee s. findings regarding the Sed nor read the labor lowe of ibe State sete _— ee he ae eae " ae elo cate have boos of her ister "Wary one atranged to meet HARRIMAN NATIONAL BANK
charged with selling the Governments | titigation to test the validity of the dual| and yet as legal head of the commission |*O"'® Honor and in providing for deo) it wis Pune eaid: Mrs, Toler at the railroad station tn | FIFTH AVENUE AND 4TH 8T, NEW YORK
ammunition. subway contracts from the B. RL T. he was charged with responsibility of | fence In the neat sentence he said “nt Wen. not a union suit I wore that Poughkeepsie and discuse their brother's

coorrven standpoint. Then Senator Thompson in seeing that the law was lived up to. that the “proverbial blundering and in-] en. negro Morris testified to having seen future. She told Mrs ,Toler her ameer
18 PRISONERS DEAD, 22 HURT. G appointing Weltney ana Hervey, had “If he had been an attorney for a pri-| capacity of the Democratic pamy” had} me in. It must have teen my binek | DALY Dee Hine to ave Carey 3.009

 

. . - ‘ or $1,500 and an interest in certain prop-
“Gov. Whitman has just been quoted | Vate cHent he would have discovered the ! brought about “the present situation in | tights.

 

 
 
  
 
    
 

Others Dying From Jalil Explosion
—Hunt Fagitive Mestcan,

bn Paso, Tex., March 7.—Elghteen
persons are dead as a result of the explo-
gion lust night in the disinfection bath-
toom of the city Jafl, and several others
ire expected to die from their burns.

Twenty-two other jail Mmates are in-
ured
The prisoners were mostly Mexican

aij, to prevent the spread of disease,

to the effect that the administration of
the Public Serviee Commission in New
York city has been a public scandal,’
said Senator Thompson. “I agree with
Gov. Whitman. Mr. Whitney has been
4a part of the commission since it was
established in 1907,

“During this time the administration
of the commission has been a scandal
because it has been absolutely controlled
by the railroads by means of secret, sub-

hiatus between the four and five story
bulldings affected by the labor laws and)
ordinances, which would have prevented |
the Diamots! candy factory

so many lives. In fact, the acts of omis-
sion on the part of all the Commissioners
make it plain that no better service could
be had from them in the future, if their
defects in the past should be recognized
by reappointment.”

our foreign affairs.”

“The one fact that stands out to-day
in all the conflicting currents of events
during the last three years,” said Sena-

tor Burton, “is that the present status of
the United States in relation to other
countries has been brought about by the
halting, the hesitancy and the vaelllation
of the present Adininistration, Except

They are woollen and | pepe |
wear them when I am going out in cold
weather. I do not wear them to accen-
tuate tiny figure, but mereiy for comfort,
and as they were black they were not
designed to attract attention,
baby blue undergarments are the attrac
tive colors for lingerte As L seldom
close my dressing room door tt would
have been possible for the butler or the}
naid to have seen me tn the mirror,

“The point is, did Mr Kerfoot see

thim a
4 and | ;
Pink an {wacrifiee anything for the man — love’

| Later

erty if he would go to England and “get
his mined straightened out." “I
wided
wanted her to quit corresponding with
wi Mrs. Toler

Miss

Mrs

|a phonograph to Carey's home to
}hint up.”
“Gn one occasion
| communicate with Mrs. Toler for several

said,”

Carey, “that my sister

HUSBAND 00 LOVING: |FLYNN, YALE GRIDIRON
WIFE CAUSES ARREST) STAR, '12, WEDS AGAIN

replied; ‘Tf will

Toler sent her canary and

“cheer

 

 

my brother did not

Mrs. Leone LL. Parsons Objects | Miss Blanche Palmer Becomes

days.’ sald Miss Carey. “She was

   
   
 
 
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  

flre in
Brooklyn, which resulted in the loss of
‘

ee

 

 

 

 

   

  

ny ap “ 5g ” are onds , 's children] offers his heart for her hand-—but not of the Church of the Blessed Sacrament,
. Ever answers to compl sw - Le Roy Ha ess, assist . sel o Jucing the cost of living, insincerity And was he? are in diamonds my brother's ch
and shot the motorman, Charles Phelps. t answer , mplaints were de y Harkness, assistant counsel of | of ree 1 4 ‘ €

are in need,
car service between here und Juarez,

‘ for this murder and anarchy in Mexico | at scanty attire?” asked Jus-] 0. ’ OF ‘ “ "se, ’ , ween '
they were being bathed in a mixture| terranean and subtie favors which have| Senator Sage said no one had thus far would long alnce have veased; it Is reas | 300 at saan r oa ss ol ae ‘ Sitka tsa pd agh a ne to Affectionate Demon- Wife of Man Who Divoreed {
Lseaeclene, ‘karosetie and vite Ir} been granted to the representatives of | Presented to his committee any reasons Sie to aneames (here Woilld have been ler aoa icow.’ fepliod Adve, Tunter. | Cuery Gnd: aaa me Yo Belp her fine Wi ‘ vs
Vegemite Soleee a Sse enemas the vullroddas venti ; why Mr. Hervey had the necessary train. | S0UabIe to assume ther ya he 1} ef don't know,” res Mrs. | 5, | Min. «=T went over to see her because stration in Street. Vinter Garden Girl. aa
‘thought a prisoner tossed a lighted | the ratlroads, while equal privileges were ing to fill the position given him. Hej "0 controversy with Germany over sub “Well, was he in the room ®!th YOu] oF her frenay, She sald, ‘My tiod, if T} , ‘i , |
Karette into the tank containing these | Tefused to individual complainants, all intimated that “— @ould oppose Mr, | marine Warfare and that we never Would |ine time you had on the tights!" cone] gant tind Patrick I shall go crazy’ She | an {
fulds. Suddenly there was a flash and beause of the manner in which the sec- Heivey's confitmation on the floor of the | have bad « dispute with Great Britain) ¢inued the court almost tore her hair out. She then ; * . }
a> explosion, and the flames spread | Tetary’s department had been adminis- Senate . ' "Tl respecting the rights of American com-] «1 don't think so,” replied Mrs HUN-) wont out to search for him and soon se-| Ernest Bryham Parsons, artist, ate | Maurice Bennett Flynn, Yale fullback i ij
quickly through the jail. The prisoners | tered. ; merce. The wcord of the present Ad- | ter, turned with him. : thor und ex-secretary to the tute Fred. | Of Ht, better known as Lefty Flynn, ity
managed to get out, and the strects ; ministration J, one of violated pledges; “You don't think so!" exclaimed Jus-] ouy sister told Mre. Toler she had| ‘her an : Tlavan tHe eee eet er) see Suichnal’s Ros / 4
= gee beds Lapeer men, horribly Attacks Whitney's Work, HARKNESS EXPLAINS. broken promises, of vacillation and weak- ‘tice Erlanger. Vi nn tar on, an ween me prrnee? life ane ee : seta Phere oe still : a ne ah eee or veces Lose EE
urned, shrieking as they ran. ‘The complaint bureau of the commis | hess unparalleled in the history of the| whether Mr. Kerfoot was up his family, but she replied, ‘I love; wife from whom he is separated so ar- anehe Shove Pah daughter of Dr a 3
Cwil and military authorities of! sion has been in charge of Secretary | Saye Willlame Voluntarily With republic.” pith you when you had nothing on but! him better than any man in the world,] dently that the mere sight of her arouses 7 ane Jut oe Palmer of 103 |
Juirez have been requested to search | whitney and the complaints show a re-- ; | Senator Burton scored the Democratic | your tights and corset cover: jeven better than | loved my poor, deadi si, ssections and straightway he re-| clarence Hed in erat aaate Ag tt m
for an yee gece ag hier who ee ord of inattention from start to finish. drew His Complaint, i party, charging {t with increasing instead “f think 1 would? husband.’ My sister said, ‘While you e laretioe Ho ‘Gilmartin, assistant rector
a street car hear e uarez race trac e
i

layed. They were taken up and disposed | the Public Service Commission, referring jin the one term plank, broken tariff “[T don't think 80. but Mrs. Toler replied that! a word does he mention about neglected Seventy-tirst street and Broadway, peve

 

 

 

 
 

 

   

 

         
   

 

{ \
’ * ‘ : e m at way. she td, * ny. forined the ceremony.

iuepended lnat night, hue been reeumed, of by Whitney and never got as far as;to Senator Thompson's attack in the pledges, bungling in handling the Mex!- weuted Vasd 0 Dew eon hin and ‘ths Raeetene nei erae, ag ahhEAiel vablindas talon It was Father Gilmartin who three
the commission. | Senate committee, said last night: ean situation and harmful vacillation on te hav t with hi d hel x Murphy in the W Side! Y@@rs #go refused to marry Flynn and
eee eee “I charge a scheme to complicate mat-! ‘The suit brought by Williams was a! the question of preparedness, Carlisie Norwood, attorney for Hun- | life have been spen vt eA und ‘he! Magistrate Murphy in the t oer ine Mise Irene Leary, Winter Garden girl
COAL SETTLEMENT REACHED. | ters before the commission so that the {taxpayer's action to restrain the Public] “Congress is divided,” he said, in that] eer, anked the plaintif? who “Scrappie” ater CAT that MURS ON THK | Lae aOPTRCTEa Tein Tasha Cececae after @ civil marriage hed been pers
- public would not understand what was| Service Commission from approving | part of hix speee! which had to do with | prunter was and she replied that it was], typ ait coats T Cavey foe a dk after | apd eet ae fe} 60 W eae Blt. formed by an Alderman Although
, All Except Twe Demands by the | being done. Take the case of ‘Prior De- | Plans for the third tracking of the Ful-| the present snarl in Washington over! per dog, “the one 1 love best.’ Tne at- as rebuke at Poughkeepale she kept | seventh | street “by ‘his persistent and Pisin os divorced from his first wife, he
: terminations.’ This term was used only | ton street elevated railroad in Brooklyn. | armed merchantmen and the rights of |torney then axked her to explain a pos | eit lim affectionate letters, and when | tactless manner of lovemaking Was able to be married in St. Michael's
Miners Are Granted. for the purpose of misleading. No one | Wiliams alleged that he was the owner! Geean travelling Ameriea “the House! tal ecard showing a picture of « banquet Tha tons . ALL Jan 7 trip she sent tele-| ahe “iKtannied the court that hé pur. esterday because the Catholic Chureh
The joint sub-committee of the oper- | knows what it means. It is supposed to} !n fee simple of a certain piece of props | and Senate are seething with excitement, |tatle and addressed to "Scraypie’ Hun- grams daily “-¢me of the letters sald | ied her like a “revengeful Nemesis? (0 net recognize his first marriage, as
ators and mine workers in the bitumi- | cover a mathematical determination of | erty in Fulton street that would be ine | midnight conferences are being held, res- lter, asking “if you wwuldn't ike to tart “Tear Love: 1 know you don't mind as) In her place of business he would ap.) 10) Priest atti hated Although Father
fous coal tlelds agreed last night on the | what should be charged to the city in the! Juriously affected by the proposed third | olution: for and agwust the policy of the leating all the victuals on the table | long as you get @ line from your Patsy. | pear and vigorously proclaim his love, Giimartin Knew there was no bar to lie
, demands made by the union mine work- | subway construction work for what was) (racking. { Administration are being tabled and un-| Counsel asked if she didn’t address Cl on ao sad. for ihat drives me mad not heeding the presence of customers | #e! ng the marriage he obtained the

ers. Its report will be made to the gen-| expended by the raflroads before the) "When the case came up in court To tabled, until few can interpret what itis ito "Serappie’ as a pretext when she) oa 1 Os ty ook cheery in your) and other persons. In public restaurants “NOtlen of Cardinal Parley
eral conference of operators and mine | contracts were signed. Presented three affidavits from as many | at) about, jreally meant Hunter. presence, | am thinking of you every! it wax the same way; but, she asserted, ; Miss Palmer was attended by her sta:
workers to be held this morning at the “As a matter of fact {t includes the! (ifterent men to the effect that Wiliams | «tere again the whole difficulty arose! "No pretext at all” Mra Hunter ree] oo oe oe das oF know ay letters! the clinax was reached when on Mone! t¢? Miss Gene Dadmer, and Mrs, Lestie
McAlpin Shonts bonus and the bonuses to the | id not own the fee to the property in! from the exercise of those tWo conspicus plied. “I often wrote to my dogs, and Nite oy long for me, and when you day last, in Seventh avenue at Fifty. | bitheew. Carl Flanders was best man

All but two of the demands of the| lawyers. The prior determination argu- Question and therefore could not be af- | ous talents of the present Administration [ was not the only one in the HOUNG> |e gad f ati aad: ft wish some goad elehth street, he appeared and heaun to} ©o%,! ni a ;
miners were agreed to by the operators, |; ment comprises — twenty-nine closely | fected by the third tracking. vey | wzthe passion for interference in the hold with that hobby, Mr. Hunter, too | viet would tell us what to do. Tam pour forth endearing terms and threw L FEE AP owed by # sinall
The agreement concedes that pick mine | printed pages, written in such a manner! “I also presented an affidavit by Tra- | affairs of other nations and the inability has often written to the dogs, yes he CO Qui yoy ny darling. Alwaysi his arms about her aerial eins , ea at ee
run coal ‘be advanced 3 cents a ton in| 4s to hide the fact that the bonuses were vis H. Whitney, secretary of the ec m- to keep away from both sides of the | has.” ; oy. | yours, Patsy.” She told the court she had sued for a an an ion ae , Mr ind Mra.
the thin vein district of western Pennsyl- | included. The New York city Public eee ameercer ne ret same question | Mrs, Hunter said that on the migit |" Gk telegram for which Mrs Toler) separation before Justice Gavegan in the; “DN Sill live t une
a i

santa and on the basing prices of Ohio, ; Service Commission has been run by Sec- “No wonder it is hard to stand by the! pefore her husband left her he accused |

 

4 } ’ be ; paid the toll from the far West said:; Supreme Court in December, 1015, “h > a ” Dee Le

Iidiana and Mlinois; retary Whitney, Counsel Le Roy H. Hark- , there was no eeerreen oe pending | President * concluded Senator Burton, her of remaining too long th UP’ Good morning, dear, I hope you slept; charging her husband with cruelty. Anchor Picks Up Ocean Cable,
That the cost for machine mining | ness and Engineer E. L. Turner. They nr ~ pone hy er enn & Une after he Dai shares’. Soak. A rd oe stairs roum it eee enn plans j well, With love, Patsy.’ | Parsons denied the charge of public The Tuteh steamship Bima, from
(ne run coal be 0 cents in the thin | re the system. It is true the Commis- “¢! for the plain : here | been contradictory shiftings about in the: retired 1 wanted to kiss him 8 on aes Another read: Hope you're well.! lovemaking, but when six or seven Wits Rotterdam. which anchored outside the

Se eae i > , sioners have been removed, but the sys- | M/ssion to withdraw the complaint and) Administration's foreign controversies jay IT had always done when we were] pics | nesses testified against him he held up Ambrose Channel lebtship  vesterday

Yon district Of Weelernh Pennsylvania tem remains. This coterle of three per- | the Judge dissolved the Injunction, The since the sinking of the Lusitania last!on good terms,” she said, “but he told)" “yey Carey sald her brother always) his hands in despair and pleaded to have qoricne, picked up the Atlantic calle

eae Chic, Be O8te te noe ne cns mitted the Commissioners to know what | Court did not act on Mr. Whitney's ufl- | spring, “In Mexico we marched up the) me to get over on my side of the bed) got at least one letter a day, and some-, his case adjourned until to-day, He was when ste weighed anchor, but succeeded

cents in the Danville district of Mlinois; fino elantaa titers tc Ana MthaUA all the davit, but on the plaintiff's voluntary | hill and then marched down agains ino ang 1 did." times as many as six. The trial will go] accommodated and ball was fixed at jn clearing it without interrupting the

that all dead work, yardage and rom Gece waniaeaes aa enna Sone the work, | #¢tion in withdrawing the complaint. (this recent controversy over the arming | When Kerfoot took the stand he de-| 6. to-day. $500, cable service

turning be advance per cent.; that ‘ ? *

“Although the injunction was dissoived ; of merchantmen we imarched down the! nied that he and Mrs. Hunter had done

the commission has not since approved | bill and then marched up again | anything improper. He said that be- | : —
jany further plans.” | “No matter how willing any man may! tween November, 1914, and January, |

a!l day labor ‘be advanced 5 per cent.,
with the conditions of the Columbus Day
vage prevailing.

CHORUS ROMANCE SPOILED.

 

“Fooling Mr. Straus.’

 

 

“Commissioner Strauss doesn't
anything about the details of
commission's work.

know {be to put aside partisan considerations | 1935, she often discussed with him her

the | MINUTES, | !t taxes bis ability to follow such rapid | husband's changed attitude toward her
Secretary Whitney | GETS DIVORCE IN 20 and eccentric changes in the conduct of | and said he had put her to one side and
is most gracious and obliging when he| Mrs.

 

International affairs. You may steer altold her to go her way and he would go

 

Gladys D, Seaman Obtains

   

 

 

   

 

 

 

{
|
is around, but this little coterie is fool-! ship by the north star, but you cannot! his. She told him the following month |
, Marriage Liesase Beatles to Hare ing Commissioner Straus just as it Decree at Newark. steer it by a comet.” that “she was unhappy and wished she | e e
vard Freehman and Show Girl. fooled the Commissioners who were re- Picea ar “he vs Bahn C8 on Mr. Burton discussed the position and | were dead." She never asked him to
d d if they are kept in offi New ans, N. Ji, Maren Tenkire Gisdys | tude of the United States at the end | bring about a reconciliation, he said
Jusep! f Y | moved, an ce! DP, Seaman of Allenhurst obtained a} attitude of the United States enc n \. 4 . martes |
an or Mody, & mane renee Commissioner Straus will never know | divorce from Lloyd I. Seaman of 14) of the war and said that there must be Kerfoot said he ASYSE nae a at me |
suiWeawcioar: 4 M 2 anything about the real work of the! yo, seve ’ E oO ».!a return of Republican government if a| mation that Hunter was Jealous of him
business man, and Marion Parks, show North Seventeenth street, East Orange, | He went to New Orleans to get the di-,
sirl in "The Blue Paradise’’ company, ee i h be in the © {in about twenty minutes in an ex parte | more sffivlent and patriatio Son Fol Cf vorce evidence for Mrs. Hunter because | on roa way at n treet
tted to get married yesterday, but City tecdtatln Paat ae een tee Ferg oH hearing before Vice-Chancellor Lewis! governmental forces is to prevail, he thought she was !n a “bad way" and,
Merk Scully refused to issue a marriage 7 ; ih ' here | here to-day. SE Eee eerens had asked him to do so. | e "ie
| ivese, ‘The Mnishing touches were ap- | Nid 4 NIENY Taniielee A some things! A,sult for the alienation of Mra. Sea-| GERMS IN SHAVING BRUSHES, [ie was your. brother-in-law, your
pled by Mr. Moody, Sr., who wired In- respecting Mr Hervey which, if true man’s affections brought by Seaman ea best friend, and you lived in his house, | Ses 1son er V 1ce
tector Faurot to “stop the marriage at} nike him ineligible to appointment on | against Dr Gentes Ree marten OF |Hegith Department Oficial Gete| yet you undertook the Journey?” asked |
a!) hazards.” . ‘ _| Syracuse was settled out of cour’ Mr. Hunter's attorney.
' ing Moody was staying at the Hoe — spenrtaniee wae pm one * » ae days ago. Mrs. Seasisn ee i na | Warning Aboat Anthrax. “Correct.”
tel M-Alpin and after his romantic plans aie ' some shore property to her husband and | oy. Giuices E. Bolduan, director of “And you have never been ashamed | ‘ ‘ . .
at, been spelled Re. lets for Messen Ciuway cuatnegen, aod if there ie any-| he also received $2,000 in cunh. ie | the buresy cf public health sapeaiion of lar te” After operating a private electrical
Miss Parks told all about it last night. | thing to them Mr. Whitney and Mr,} dropped his suit for oreo hel the Department of Health, received af “I am not. I gathered that Hunter | plant in their former building
' She met Moody in San Francisco two] yeryey might be disqualified from serv-| 6round of desertion at that time, og |leiter yesterday from Dr. A. K. Chal-| was bound to break his wife's spirit ' ’
) gifs ago. They met in New York Mons | ing as Public Service Commissioners, Mrs, Seaman, who sald she Was 25.) oe Chie medical officer of Glasgow,| and force her to acknowledge his mis- Messrs Brokaw Brothers will use
, day and they went on @ “party.” “I am told that there are records in, bad a negro caretaker arrested in the! ooo Vorning against the presence} tress, and as I didn't want her to be : ’ , .
"Mr. Moody is a man who loves @/ the office of the New York City Public! summer of 1915 on @ charge of having’ Ceo germs in) English made| driven to suicide I undertook to get Edison Service tor light and power
: fond time,” she said, “and the outcome | geryice Commission which, if we can get| stolen a letter sent to her by Ferdinand Suahas the evidence for her. | ; ; 4
of the party was that we decided all . | them, will be of much use to us in our! Pinney Earle, The charge was not In his ‘aniad Thb Cinalnaie. sawn ies + as i z purposes in their new building on
A sudden to get married. So we went vestigation. Mr. Whitney has never; pressed. , ; = “4 oo ae HNuater Told m to Get Ont.
dow: the City Hall only to find that | oo wine to furnish us al informa-| Mrs. Seaman testified that she was! oo ee ss paying brushes from Gis auamindtion: Guanine’ dad oid Broadway at Forty-second Street
his father had forestalled us. Now Ij tion and has never given us anything; married to Seaman in Northboro, Mass., | Nanfow healt! o tt ielag “is Ni an night at the dinner table in the Hunter
wouldn't marry him anyway. I was told| uniess we put our finger on it and told | June 16, 1911, and that she was deserted | (748BOw ia se we th o oa ioea house at 127 Kast Thirty-seventh This is almost the unanimous deci-
that a friend of Joe's named Holgmanj him just what we wanted. The public by him September 6, 1038, ae sald | e+ eee Oy nd huni silanes street, after Hunter had learned the
Upped off his father to our plans.” 4 : hese men jhe t his clothes away with him on + Senuawes 4 ‘ ; ay ' ’ i ildi
any ft ee ee ee a riet eut want an ad. | chat tripe he said he was a travelling | of brushes from (reat Britain would be part ierioot Bad layed sgeinst. hin, sion of large building owners, for
: ' . ' “te tel at arching i . Ci f i “m= 4st
. VERMONT FOR LOCAL OPTION, | ministration which is not a scandal. salesman, selling automobile tires. She | eiberesee ta pen 8 Ue SeePeD Ne EPEC | ver of the household, Hunter and Ker- out of every 100 buildings 97 adopt
: “I do not want a condition to con-]| bought the Post-Advertiser of Belmar} tion by e: t . foot. were smoking together when P i
r y tinue which will result in humiliation | for him, paying $3,000 for the business, a yea Hunter suddenly said: “John, you drive the Edison Service for light and
: robihition Voted Down by Ma- to the one responsible for the uppoint-| He acquired the Coast Advertiser of

jority of 14,366,

Rutiann, Vt, March 7.—Local option
Won over prohibition in this State by a
Margin of 14,366 votes to-day, The pro-

bitory amendment was first placed on
the ptatute books In 1852, and wae re-

‘uendment to the statewide prohibi-
nt allowing Baltimore city and

  
 

American Museum Chooses Roose-
Yelt's Former Ald for Long Trip.

‘ib betore Joining Mr. Andrews in China,

ment of these two men, und the Senate
would be just as muc’ responsible as
Gov. Whitman if they confirmed them.
I shall carry this fight right to the floor
of the Senate no matter what the ac-
tion of the Finance Committee. Rail-
controlled the com-

Industrial Commission
Senator

mission or the

and feel comforabie,” Lawson

cal candidate for the place. He should

Allenhurst later.

 

Excused, However, From Teatify-
ing in Will Contest,

The Prince was subpenaed because it
was reported that he had said his wife

Kugenie Ferrar and Lord in San Fran-

thermore, he did not understand the

DEFEAT PUT ON SCHURMAN.

tory Awarded to Cornell,

Because President Schurman of Core
nell University said “and on their pres-

MISKINOFF CALLED IN SUIT. | Columbia Debaters to Protest Vice
|
|

Columbia,
One of the judges culled attention to

because of the better presentation of the

Schurman should have used is “Your de-

mmissioner hor secre- ead him. Accordingly he was | cision shall be made not on the merits of
neither be a co questions asked h the question, but on the merits of the

tary, as he is barred by his training and

Hberately deceived the court for the pur-

ARE tit ate: ¢ aay

 

curred in the Lake View Hoepitel, Arro-

 

 

MALTED MILK

me to a very disagreeable duty, whieh
if you had a@ grain of honor or a@ spark
of manhood you would have made un-
necessary. You would have left before
now. In consideration of the conver: |
sations you have had in this house this
spring with Nan T wish you would get

agree with me in thinking thirty years
of friendship would be more worthily }

ie a j ‘ j t misconstrue ine. T have no ex-

ELLE eated to regulate the public. utilities | Qjcco in 18k, The Prince told the in- Cornell men, despite the fact that he | Po no : Bi
z R TO EXPLORE IN CHINA. corporations in the interest of the cor- tapnvelae that he had made no such considered Columbia's argument the arte oi Sporngied to ober, b acted as |
weg 0g rate poragions then Mr, Whitney !s the logl-| gtatement about his wife, and that, fur- sounder. The correct formula which Dr, | 1 did this spring rt |

“lL was sully conscious of the techni-
cally dishonofable light in which my
course placed me,

and had you not

to myself.

Sincerely, Joun.”
D terday morning. It wes es- .
Mr. Andee of favoring the New York Munici- ener aaa after abe deinage hoa bees Kerfoot's offer for a talk was net ac-
oan lane ~ Ne eh ea aot Geen pal Rallways and against the interests ane Creap substitutes cost YOU same price. | copied by Hunter,
i
ss suniee remenate it bp 1 unio Ones hema has ce 4

 

 

 

power

One result is lessened first, as well
as maintenance, costs, the saving of

Yealed in 1903 by a majority of 729. ree mneuence roy Sa eatihaaa Ane : <r gs o entation” instead of “as presented,” out of Dar som Soon Son you wo? | desirable space and a service unex:
The vor . a> | mission in the past, a . Wuitr PLaIns, N, » Mareh fm) Columbia will protest the intercollegiate | To-morrow © Ll fil | ‘ Ae
enact! bogs coy i ie Question of ‘7. ination will continue {f Hervey and) prince Miskinoff, whose divorce suit RUtie between the Columbia and i Kerfoot said he could go that night, celled for safety and reliability
ON No ad 487 "| Whitney are put on the commission, against his wife, Aimee Crnsker (iou- jel) teams in Ithaca last Friday. J. W. ane Hunter gal, Pa Want. 1 eee!
. ¥ » . , r > ‘ na? °, Pr ertoo ‘ote e 1 ® °
Eve ounty State except raud, was recently settled in Manhattan Danahy, Columbia's representative on | days later . ddd
Orleans sav a nate tavor of toon! Lawson Attacks Witney. out of court, came here to-day to testify the governing bourd, said yesterday that | Hunter, which he sent by a messe nee Several of the larger buildings of
Optio : . . Jin the contest over the will of the late Dr, Schurman's mistake in using an er-| and awaited for an auawer just outside | the City have been modernized by in-
ANNaPorig, March 7.—The lower “No one can vote for the Governors) my eogore A. Lord, brought by Eugenie roneous formula in directing the judges the house, The letter sai ib |
house of the "1 egislature to-day adopted nominations for the Public Service Com- Ferrar, who claims to be the widow. Jat the debate turned the tide against Dean WILL: It is possible you may |

stalling electric elevators, using low
pressure steam for heating and the

he Finance Com-| * : ’ ' .-| closed by a frank talk than by silence | ° er : :
,° lr wet counties and towns to vote told the members of the ance Co committed perjury in stating that sho the directions, apa if ls ¢ Shuman a con which doubts and misconceptions would 3000 Lights 35@ Horse Power Edison Service for light and po er
feparstely ¢ mittee. had been a witness to the marriage of tention that another voted for Cornell i F ne Ww
mn prOnibitian, “If the Public Service Commission is continue to foster. If so, 1 wil] come in, ,

The New York Edison Company

At Your Service

; not called to the witness stand, " yhen you did I would have main-
bat ind Heller, an explorer, who was condemned by the machinery, largely arguinent as presented, spoken when you did wo é us e ma oe Generel Oltices: levine Piece and iSth Street
with ¢ Roosevelt on the ex-President's t a, which has been tained my @ a he fir
‘ seQBavS b OX ix own manufacture, which h f 9 ee r
pig, hh Was Appointed yesterday mae uguinst the public Interest and STATEN ISLAND NOTES. Muy. oJ, BM Bo pereonal end to a . Telephone: Stuyvesant 5600 ;
ae tO ney FS Andrews A ine without the excuse of even an honest Telanders will b t with her. I had to choose between see- Branch Office Show Rooms for the Convenience of the Public ¥
“eve board of the trustees of the Sani ‘ nderw will be present at i n ’ = i
American M fone 2 tees History. effort to cor rent Beara ie en ie end Commission hearing on ASK FOR and GET ne hee Grits mie Boreee on SPte Ae (4 Broadwey Spring noe #124 W 42d Street Bryant 5262 4
* 4 wr. " i ‘4 a > -
Ha wt acompany Mr. Andrews on # sha tuamletion In any capacity it will | the Dr paed ee ee utente same choice if I had to choose again. 1 126 Delancey Street Orchard 1960 "151 E 86th Street Lenox 7786 %
. ae. f the Interlor of (hina for big be impossible to eliminate the conditions Dr. and Mra, Viggo Drewfon of. Dean HORI iCK'S believe {t would be worthier of the past | 10 Irving Place Stuyvesant 5600 #27 E 125th Street Harlem 4026 “a
Mr “WH lar nent te voctieiaat poate a | which have been disclosed by ou Inveee atreet, Hrooklyn., nave oneupeed the en and better for ue all te talk tt over, If | #362 E 149th Street Melrose 9900 f
Gi wer a ; ona. In the Willlams wation,| gagement of their daughter, Miss Antonia you do not think so, however, at least !
Peruvis expedition for the Ural Unt- Sigations the legality of the subway con-| Drewson, to Victor Hansen of S1, George, THE ORIGINAL I will have made this explanation of | *Open Until Midnight
Pudy tha ai mt ry A es pay tracts, it Is charged that Whitney de-| fire from en overheated furnace oc. the facts which I feel is due to you and | Night and Emergency Call: Farragut 3000
' eollectia: