—
WEDNESDAY,

 

 

 

Sun

as ee

MARCH 8, 1916.

 

 

 

Satvered at the Post Office at Now York as
Beound Class Mat; Matter.

 

 

 

 

Gabecriptions by Mall, Vostpald.
y. Por Month.......5..05 .. 8 50
eer YOar. i cece cee ees COO
8U AY, Per Month......... betes 26
INDAY' (to Canaua), Por Month...
INDAY, | Ber CE
AILY AND BUNDAY, Per Year....
AILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month...

Forsion Rates.

itly stated, its terms were more ex-
actly defined, its phruses were more
satisfactorily composed, by the Rep-
resentatives than by the Senators, but
in each case the essential sentiment
was conveyed that the American re-
public has not been delivered into the
hands of conspirators, of wenklings,
of sentimentalists, or to the mercies
of a combination of these unwhole-
some elements.

 

Lent.

DAILY, Per Month. ...cccseceeeeeee @ If the confident belief of many in-
DAILY AND SUNDAY, ‘Por Month ss! a bo | Celllgent persons that the woes of the

 

EB EVENING 8U;
HE EVENING §

Per Year......
HE EVENING SUN (Foreign), Per Mo.
All checke,

money orders, &c., to be
Made payabdie to Tus Bun.

Published daily, inciuding Sunday, by the
@un Printing and Pubshing Association at
130 Nageau sireet, in the Borough of Man-
Rattan, New York. President and Trees:
irer, William C. Retek, 150 Nassau sureet;

‘{oe-President, Edward P. Mitchell, 154
Naseau street; Secretary, C. b. Luxton, 150
Naseuu street.

ondon office, Effingham House, 1 Arua-
mreet, Strand

Paria office, 6 Rue de ia Michodiera off
Rue dv Quatre tembre

Washington office, Hidts Hull! ding.

Brooklyn office, 106 Livingston street.

if our friends wha favor us with manu-
acy pia and illustrations for publication wish
bo Aave rejected articles returned they must
ta ai! cases send stamps for that purpose.

The Victory ef an Eeoential Prin-
ciple.

The principle of non-interference
with the Executive in the perform-
ance of its function with respect of
diplomatic negotiations was upheld
by the House of Representatives yes-
terday. <A victory was won for san-
ity, for good faith and for good sense,
The detestable tnfluences that have
sought to hamstring the President in
the management of foretgn affairs
were exposed and crushed. The sen-
timental weakness that mistook a
virtuous longing for a statesmun's
mandate was suppressed. The igno-
rance of well intentioned but unin-
formed minds was conquered. It was
affirmatively decided that this coun-
try should not commit its transactions
with foreign Powers to the hands of
@ town meeting, but should continue
them in the control of that depart-
ment of tts Government to which the
Constitution confides them.

As Woopnow Wirson ovcupies the
oftice of President, the success of the
Opposition to proposed innovation may
be called a victory for him. But the
necident of his presence in the White
House ufone entitles him to this dis-
tinction. The triumph is actually for
the cause of orderly and rational ad-
ministration. Aguinst this a conspir-
acy of cowardice, simplicity and cor-
ruption was directed. It wus fed by
malice und supported by private ha-
treds. It masqueraded in the gurment
of humanitarianism, seeking to hide
{ts purpose under a clouk of respect-
able intent; but Its design wus at all
times apparent, und the chuos Its
stieccess would precipitate was never
hidden from sight.

We do not say that consclentious
men did not believe thag matters
would be bettered by the intrusion of
the Legislature in the domain of Ex-
ecutive activity. These were misled
hy the falsehoods that were told, to
the acceptunce of which their tnfirmi-
ties of intellect Inclined them. But
the greater number of the marplots
in Congress, in the Senate and in the
House, cannot escape indictment for
their conduct. They sought in # na-
tional crisis to overturn the American
contention and enfeeble the American
agent, to gratify their mulice, to
wreak vengeance for reul or fancied
wrongs which they cherished against
av individual.

Knowing, us all men huve known
fur months, and as the documents
printed in the World of yesterday
conclusively prove, that an orgaunizu-
tion partisan in its inception and ab-
horrent in its methods urged them
{mo their course, they persisted in their
hunt with the ery of “neutrality” on
their lips. Recognizing that their in-
fervention could be interpreted only
as the revelution of serious dissen-
sions in the Government they had
sworn to support and defend, they
pushed their plans in the hope of
achieving 1 success that would have
brought culumity to their country. In
an hour when the advantages thelr
conduct conferred on a foreign Power
were made manifest by the inexorable
progress of history, they saw no rea-
gon to withhold their hands, to curb
their nulmosity, or to retrace their
oteps.

So much at present of those who
betrayed the trust reposed in them,
Another day will bring the settlement
of their account with the American
people. ‘They may safely be left to
the electors who, throughout this
wretched and humiliating controversy,
have kept their beads and consist-
ently refused to be led astray. The
false cries, the fulse charges, the false
reasoning, huve at no time deceived

  
 

Por Month.....

 

 

 

 

 

 

the great body of American citizens |

with whom rests the ultimate decision
of every issue that is raised, The ex-
euses that have been put forward to
account for the conduct of some
the leuders of the design that col-
lupsed yesterday may conceivably
have duped some in official place.
They were without effect on the man
in the street.

The message that was written in
the journal of the House yesterday
was the same that was recorded in
the Senate four days hefore, It
gave notler to the world, every
Power, belligerent or penceful, that
the attempt to cut the ground from
beneath the feet of the President liad
failed; that the Congress of the
United States would not forge u
weapon against America, and that pro-
foreign propaganda, selfishness and
the shortsightedness of timorous dis-
positions do not rule the nation’s coun-
cis, That message wus more cxplic-

tn

4

of |

world must rekindle in humanity a

j Strong religious sentiment is well

based, the Lenten season which be-
gins to-day should bring forth evi-
fence of that fact of the most tm-
pressive oature. Throughout Chris-
tendom the thoughts of serious menu
and women—and who to-day is frivol-
ous?—must turn to the riddle of
the future. All that hus seemed se-
cure in the past is wasting away.
The confidence the race has built
up in its own achievements has been
wiped uway.
Philosophy was most firmly implanted.
doubt fo its efficacy has sprung up.
The need of man for support, for
comfort, for sustenance not to be

cathered from the victories of his,

Gnite mind was certainly never
greater, perhaps never so great, as it
(s in this twentieth century of the
Christian era.

Already Lent, through the opera-

tion of a number of factors, religious |
and social, has attained a signifiennce |

(t did not formerly possess. Us ob-
servance Is not confined to those com-
munions which enfores it upon their
members. It affects thousands, and
hundreds of thousands, who «do not

recognize the validity of its establish: |

ment. The effect of example, the im-
pact of solemn appeal, are felt outside
the walls of the cathedrals and
churches in which the prayers are
uttered. They extend to the market
place and to the home, we shall not
say of unbelievers, but of the careless
and the thoughtless. The devotion of
a good man cannot be disregarded.
When the hnman mind !s tortured by
doubt, perplexed by fear, confused by
the destruction of standards to which
{t has given passive adherence, the
consequences of contact with a sin-
cere trust in those forces that come
from Gop and are not from man miy
be epochal.

Thus the season on which the world

enters to-day assumes an suspect of |

tinusual interest, and tukes on the
character of a wonderful opportunity
for the agencies that labor to impress
om the heedless the message of the
Christinn faith. The ground has heen
prepared, and it remains for the hus-
bandmen to sow the seed sand reap
the harvest.

What of the Democratic Party?

We commend to the attention of its
principal beneficiaries the state of il!
health to which the Democratic party
haus been reduced by the expedients
of inexpert leaders, the errors of
quack physicians and the blunders of
ignorant managers, The situation in
which it les indicates herofe and in-

telligent treatment tf it is fo survive |) iire hundages, test drinking water |

the further activities of the first ses-
sion of the Sixty-fourth Congress.
Already two of its Representatives,
Mr. Pace of. North Curolina and Gen-
eral SHERwoop of Ohio, have an-
nounced their decision not to seek re-
nomination. Mr. Pacr was ussured

 

Where. materialistic |

 

 

 

 

{nto battle under the scourge of Ger-
man discipline. So long as the Teu-
tonic allles were carrying everything
before them on the eastern front the
Turks submitted, but with tf grace,
to their military masters. There was
glory in Gallipoli, in spite of ugly
losses. When, however, Erzerum fell
and the Russians, with inexhaustible
resources of men and munitions, be-
gun their march south and west to
conquer Kurdistan and Mesopotamia,
the Turks realized that they could
hot expel the enemy themselves tor
count upon any saerifice on the
part of Germuny to save them. The
Mesopotamian campaign was lost, and
ho more was heard of the expedition
to drive the British from Egypt. If
the advance of the Russtans was not
stopped, Aleppo and even Damascus
would ultimately he tn danger. The
Turks lost their interest In the Bal-
kan campaign and thonght only of
saving the empire in Asin.

Tt now almost yeur since
Enver Pashn, the commander in chief
)of the Turkish armies, declared tn
mn interview ot Constantinople that
Turkey entered the war not to help
Germany but to save the national ter-
rtory, “We mobilized.” said Exver
Pasha, “becnuse there was no wuy

1s tt

army, this man of many aaventures
fand many lives. But to-day he ‘is
/betng held responsible not only for

valving Turkey tn the war. His pop:
ularity ts ebbing faust. Another at-
tnek on his life has been made. He
Was always suspected of being a tool
jef Germany. The charge ts believed
jnow. TAraat Bey as Minister of War
War shares the odium.,

There naturally talk over-
i tures of penee to Russia, aad there
hare inutterings of revolution. Exag-
|geration there may be in the reports,
i but with every day the Russian
jndvance Turkey's usefulness aus an
jally declines and her condition be-
}eomes more desperate. Tt starvation
follows tn the wake of mil.tary re-
| verses Turkey will soon cease to he
‘a factor in the war.

is of

af

Woman's Part in Defeuce.

A cireulac issued by the Woman's
League for Self Defence asserts that
while the men are doing thetr puatrt-
etie werk in the trenches aud on the
battle Hines. if Amerten hus a war, the
The
league proposes te aecomplish this by
viving its members “thorough
thenie drilling, that will
straight shoulders, deep lungs and a

PWonen Will protect themselves.

calis-

give

|splendid ecarriuge, the admirable de-
| porte) and ootert hearing of the

first elass militin man, followed by
the same exercises and drills that the
tanle soldier reeetves, indoor bayonet
drill, rifle und pistol target practice,
practice and women's milt-
tary camps, Including range and fleld
firing, the art of sights, wind gauges
nod their adjustments.”

Of course the lengue does not lose
sight of the tact that there may be
“women of less intrepid spirit, with
u religious horrer of confliet and phys-
jen! te the smell of gun-
powder? These unfertunutes will
he permitted to eut und sew clothing,

marches

| aversion
|
Vand food velues, and even unrse the
wounded soldiers

Phe best service women can render
in war time ts the enre of the farm,
the the children, the
| ernment offices, the raitiways and nu
the

factors, Cro

| merous other uetivities without

ae

following Wasntxaton'’s well meant! THE GERMAN OFFEN

the Misesters tn Armenia but for in- |

them |

THE

 

 

but unfortunate advice, it is open to
inference that the General may have
felt that there was an equitable claim
to damuges In the sum of as much ns
four pounds.

But all this {s pure speculation. In
the baffling absence of all other clues
to the denouement, the courtship of
Captain Posey and the quadrilateral
widow must remain one of the un-
solved love romance mysteries of his-
tory. Incidentally, however, we get
a sufficient glimpse behind the scenes

of those remote days to justify the | ont time who does not realize the possi- |

belief that Wasntnaton had other

the birth of a nation and dealing as
President with Jackass Congresses.

Training Artiste of the Theatre.

The success of Miss Grosar in con-
ducting a so-called “stock” company
has been #« notable incident of the
closing theatrical season. The stock
company, supposed in many ways to
embody all the best traditions of the
older days of the theatre, went out
of existence u score or more of years

jago. Its departure eus assumed to
; be an inevitable result pf changes in
‘the system of the theatre. Its resto-

 

'# most artistic influence for the stage.
, Of course a new generation of actors
cunnot be trained in one theatre. But
the good exumple and the popular
; success of this enterprise are ex-
pected to encourage others.

H lend other theatres to engage thelr
; actors for the season remains to be
tseen. Probably the interesting and
successful experiment will not be
copied in muny theatres. It is in the
first pluce too much trouble, Man-
;agers with companies acting « reper-
toire must be inspired by the great-
j est artistic enthusiasm to keep up
such constant rehearsals us a play-
house of this kind requires. The sys-
tem of long runs and a company for
every new production is the result of
a development that came about nat-
urally {n the evolution of the theatre
of the day. So probably that system
will survive. But the training which
used to make skilful and experfenced
uctors may still be missing.

| If things a grocer eelle are not gro-
ceries, what are they? The South Car-
folina sheriff who condemned eixty-
jseven bottles of a winter colonist's
lwine because they were shipped as
“groceries” against the majesty of the
State should be cross-examined. The
winter colonist's order was probably
filled by a grocer of this city. Prece-
dents 4s old as the Battery warranted

 

 

him in packing wet and dary goods in.

jone box and marking them “groceries.”
What
| Vinegar, olive ofl,
and treacie?

ketchup, kerosene

 

The undergraduate gir! whose
“measurements” were confidentiy re-
ported to have humiliated Miss Venus
of Milo is said to have received ecores
of matrimonial offers. Scores? If that
Bryn Mawr student who resigned an
office in the Self-Government League
or her college rather than ‘tell on”
some fellow students does not recetve
| hundreds of offers. man's sense of pro-
‘portionate values is lost,
j ee

 

Could anything be more, disastrous
jto this country than to have our for-
elem relations influenced by the mental
leilfects of our grape Juice?

The city of Newark has voted a Ib-
'era! sum to aid the celebration of its
{250th anniversary; citizens have sub-
jseribed a quarter of a million dollars
ts make things easy for the celebration

that no opposition would be offered proper management of hich armies }committee; music, pageantry, athletic

to his candidacy ; General SHeKwoop
won his last election by a majority
rising 12,000. The exumple they have
set will be followed by others, some
xetuuted by conscience, more seeking

a respectahle escupe from expensive |

and hopeless canvasses, The outlook
for this fall in debatable districts
does not lure umnbitious men te the
front in the Democratic purty.

There ts much talk of war and
peuce from the lips of the majority
{in Congress. But in their own or-
ganization there js no peace. It is
war, War against their leaders, war
between factions, bitter strife be
tween individuals, The semblance of
unity hus disappeared, overwhelmed
in the upsurge of those charneteristic
qualities from which the Democrutie
party derives {ts popular emblem,

 

Turkey's Plight Desperate.

Figuratively Turkey has long been
known as the Sick Man of Europe, and
the expulston of the Turk from Con-
stuntinople Wus regurded as ouly u
question of time, In Asia Minor the
Porte wonld still have a of
empire and an undeveloped territory
of wondertul productiveness,  Brusa
was the capital of the Otteman Em-
pire in the fourteenth and titteenth
centuries, and it) would that
purpose again in the twentieth cen-
tury, With ao reform government
Turkey might beeome prosperous if
hever ugain u great Power, Sut in
little inoere than a year after her en-
trance into the great war as un ally
of the Teutonie nations Turkey in
Astu is being overrun by the viectort-
ous armies of an implacable enemy
under the command of the Grand
Duke NicHoLas, Who was always an
able organizer und is now winning
new Inurels os a strategist. Turkey
jis now the Sick Mun of Asin.
| The war has never been popular
Vwith the Turkish people, ‘Tuxation
{Wan grinding them in the dust when
‘they found themselves thrust into a
‘third struggle by Exvirn Pusha and
TaLaat Bey, the leaders of the Young
l-purk party, Defeat would cost them
jtheir territory in Kurope, while vie-
tory would make Turkeys u vassal of
Germany, The urmy, which has sus-
tulned enormous losses while the har-
vests were neglected, hus been driven

“

sent

serve

in the field are helpless

An Unsolved Historical Mystery.

| One of the tantalizing mysteries in
| she life of Gronce Wasutxaron ts
whether he did or did vet give nd-
vice to Cuptain Jou Posty in i cer.
tuin perplexing matrimonial problem
whieh the Captain submitted to bim,
We are indebted te Mr Pauw Linrann
Haworrn's interesting volume on
“George Washington: Farmer tor a

verbatim copy ef the letter in which

Captain Posty formulated the prob-
lem. Captain Posey, whe it seems,
even in those early days, bad pure

tlully adopted the reformed spelling,

wrote os follows:

“! eould have been able to Siutistied
a uy Arrears sume AGoe by
marrying an old widow woman in this
Counts She has lurge soms cash by

her and Prittey good Ustate She (is as

thick as ehe is high And gits drunk
at Least three or foure tlines a weak,
I Which is disagreable to me. Has viae
ant BSperrit when Drunk. Its been great
Dispute in my tind what to Doe TIT
beleave TI shu'd Run all Resks If my
Last wife had been Even temper'd
woman, but er Sperrit tas Geven me |

such a Shock that Tam afraid to Run

the Resi again.’

Now, the trouble with this histori-
eal romance of the tender passion is
that it stops right there, Absolutely
ne record exists of any udviee given
lby Wasuinetox, We hot even
‘know, whether Captain Posty niar-
| rhea the engaging equilateral lady or
not, Tobe sure, there ts indisputable
evidence that he was subsequently in
Jail This may eromay not have been
the result oof matrimonial tatelieities
Incident to the lidy’s “vialunt Sper.
rit when Drunk.” We have in faet
Cuoptuin Posty'’s own statement that
his wife's habit of get-
iting drunk three or four times a week
wos disiareenble to bin snd that he
had misgivings touching her “vinlont
Sperrit’ under such e:reninetinees,

But it is a blind trail at best; and
an equally blind trail ts opened by
the fuect that Wastinagrox undoubt-

pProspechive

hedly did ubent that time give the}

Cuptuin the sum of four pounds, Of

course if Captata Posty got inte a!
matrimonial mess and into jail by |

events will all be of high class; its new

lhetel, the Robert Treat, “just as good
fx any in Manhattan,” will Le opened
on time; the Newark Evening Newa
printed a really friendly piece about
the restored good health of the Hon.
| Janes R. NuGent; the spirit of hustle
| and brother!y love seems all pervading,
and ‘we reckon Newark will have a fine
celebration beginning on the first day
of May.

 

 

Harvard has taken the punch out of
“dann.” Students of numismatics at
that university report that the exple-
tive has a dignified history and Is de-
rived from the name of an ancient
Persian coin, Its use hereafter will be
confined wholly to those who wish to
display their archwological erudition,

|

 

' The women of St, Paul want a 24g
{cent piece added to Uncle Sam’s coin-
age. They say it would do away with
ithe “need of overbuying to save the
jhalf cent on articles priced at 124
[cance or two for a quarter.” This does
liet substantiate, at first sight, the
quently made charge of American
housekeepers’ extravagance; but will
economists praise it? Masculine spec-
ulation is directed, coarsely, to the
cigar counter and the “short beer" of
the prudent barrister. It ts a new
America that can endure to think of
“two bits’ divided by ten. Haw much
,opularity had the half cent once
coined?

| fre

| The discovery, in the Jumel Mansion,
lof a bricked up basement kitchen, with
l huge old fashtoned fireplace, is a re-
j minder of good living tn days long gone
|by that torinents the sentimental. But
\it Is cheering to reflect that the good
livers of a century and au half ago
might have envied our gas ranges and
radiators as much us we are inelined
to envy thelr generous if simple pro-
|} Vision of creature comforts, Fashions
lin house furnishing come and go, but
foolish, delightful human nature goes
on forever without change.

We shall not allow the Hon. Newton
Dent GBAKER'’s pacifism to disturb us,
if he Is otherwise well equipped for
the office of Secretary of War, The
{Secretary of the Navy in the war with
| Spain was an advocate of universal
peace and the navy did very well under
his manugement.

 

elf Reversal.
| Old March Wind ts @ jolly chap.
j Hin life ts full of zest,
Vor first he blows from west to east

tnew ot tsae morf neht and
| cnpiecunierenensenmenatersiimeee
\ Kxplalned.
The Ancient Mariner ahot the a!batrose.
“LT mistook it for @ ueutral camary,” be
explained.

2 ee

SUN, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1916.

 

 

Whether or not this example wit |

would the Carolina sheriff call,

|
‘Why It Mast Bo in the West and

What Is Likely to Follow.

To THE KEvrtor or Tin
| Prophecies regarding the end of the
1 World war now raging may be expected

to flood the presse of the country in in-
creasing number from now on. Conse.
quently mine tnuy deserve a passing res
view. T might claim tn Justification,
however, that it is not wholly prompted
'by a desire to enter the ranks of the
| prophets, but in part to illustrate the
fainifcations of international relations
incident to a culamity of such enormous
proportions as the present war.

There ts hardiy a citizen at the pres-

 

bility, remote or otherwise, of our being
drawn into the muelstrom, yet at

country has greater chaos prevailed at
the Capitol. The greatest need of the
Nation to-day is cohesion, vet it @x-
periences administrative chaos, The
preparedness propaganda is but an aca-
demical fallacy under such circam-
stances. It representa nothing gingible
without government, and with chaos
there can be no government.
; ditional spirit of freedom that is our
i heritage is threatened to-day for reas
‘sone of misinterpretation The coun
| try’s Constitution provides separate
| Provinces for the Fxecutive, the
elary and the Legislature, expecting
each to exercise reasonuble dependency
on the other In practice. To-day an
| unreasonable observance of the Consti-
tution is tnmade tn the name of freedon.
Too much freedom e#, ells anarchy, how-
ever, and so ft i» that law, order and
eecurity are sacrificed through misin-

'

out.” He was then popular with the | Tation has been regarded by many as] terpretution to the detriment of the na-

tion's crying need, cohesion. Perhaps
the following statement of the belliger-
ents’ possibilities may awaken the
minds of more of our unselfish patriots
to the enormity of affairs in the world's
political arena at the moment,

Lack of further effective reserves
(epring of T4168) will necessitate Ger-
Many's restriction of her offensive to
| the western front until the end of the
;war, On its outcorne will depend the
‘fortunes of the war. Defeat on this
' front, even though not immediately de-

‘elsive, must prove fatal to her. The
| consequent weakening of eustern lines
for western reenforcement will entall

| such probabilities as the following:

A wholly defensive attitude

Rumania fotning the Ailles,

Bulgaria attempting to do Iikewdsee (with
unfortunate results)

Inexpedioncy of further German coopera-
ition with Turkey
Partta!l conquest by Russia and Rumantea

fot Hungary
| Reconquext
i Poland.
' Complete
| denta.
| Greek declaration of war againwt Turkey.
Itailan and Vortuguese declarations of
| war against Germany.
' Decisive sublection Turkey By the
| Allies; internal diesenston tn that country,
with Moslem sentiment apainst the
tone.

Germany's defeat on the weetern front
need not be immediately or wholly de-
 etsive tu oecasion such consequences, for
l the logical result of an abandonment of
the offensive will be a charge
ment among the people unfavorable to
the war's continuance German Kultur
recognizes no such thing as a defensive
war, and the Germanie peoples are ao
Imbued with this military principle that
it would he absolutely tmpoesible to rer-
onelle pubhe oepinton to it. The people
would awaken to the knowledee that the
neutral world is oppoeed to their uroti-
| tons,
precedented importance

 

by Ruesta of Gallcta end

conquest by Ttaly of Ttalta Irre-

ae

 

and would be tn-

sure, alreudy severe, {f not extreme,

To secure peace Germany und
tria must sue for it and accept unprece-
dentedly harsh tecm The price may
be expected to involve to some degree
the following conditions:
armament, the surrender of
territories occupied; the sacrifice of
Alsace, Lorraine, Poland (in tts en-
Urety). Italla Irredenta and possibly of
Traneyivania, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kiso all foreien colonial nossessions held
by the Allies; the cancellation of all
previous commercial treaties with the
aliied nation=: an Indemnity: no Iinter-
ference with the Internal policies of Ger-
many and Austria except as to the arma.
ment question would muant-
festly be unwise, unprofitable and bad
precedent.

The Teutonic group will in consequence

 

all

such w step

 

though {ts stieces# can merely @ mat.
ter of conjecture: Parthomentary reforms,

   

with the ultimate loss of Prusstin pres-
tige; the secession of Hunva m the
Dual Empire; civil war in Austria and
amalgamation propaganda chy Ger
Many) on the occasion of the death of
Franz Josef, which event will be antici.

       

andtst
or
cC

pated by propag:
STAT?
WASHINGTON, I)

Maine Parnror,
» March 7

OVERWORKED “DECIMATE.”

A Protest Krom an Exasperated

Reader of the War News.

   
  
 

  

in which it seems as though eve
soul had been blown to pieces, but
go on | tind that ti attacking
was decimated I ponder over the word
it is derived from one meaning a tenth
it twnust be thut correspondents
mean that 4 tenth survive or are unine
jJured. Maybe they studied Latin
and do not know nor eare about the

1

“a
a

there

never

derivation of our tengue

Revent headlines ea “Three Army
Corps Decimated in a Week.” Ala! say
I, here's one that kuowr how to use the
word Reading on 1 find “that three-
fifths of them’ (the troops engaked)

remainder are
hoa nd

casualties and the

broken to serve

“are
too badly

onslaught.” Se that's what “deelmate”’
means,

T am afraid that vou fol like the
sound of that word “decliunite ey well
that you are carried away, like the old
lady Who whe eo affected by the sermon
ghe gave herself up to a Very cestiasy of
tears and lamentation he wus heside
herself. Asked ufter the service whut it

was that affected her se, she burst inte
another stora of tears Between sobs
she stuttered, “l-d-didnu't you hear that
b-blessed word Mesopotamia?’
“Decimate’ iv a erand little word
Youk, Mareh 7 AMBROSE,

|
| New

'SEE THE FRENCH EXHIBIT.

i :
' Lafayette Retles, Now on View, Attest
France's Friendship.

To THE Eprren or Titk SUN Sire Those
iwho | sympathtz with France,
{merely for the. heroism: that she ts dis-
playing at the present day but
the unbroken friendship that haus existed
between the French nation and our own,
should not fail to visit the Lafayette
; exhibition.

' The clou of the exhibit
tien of Lafavette relics owned by the
Freneh (rovernment. This collection
formed a part of the Wrench eontribue
tion to the San Franeiseo fair last
i year, # contribution especially
thy in that it reprenented the determina.
tion of France to keep its engagements
with the fair authorities at a time when
there were tnducements to cancellation,
Tesides, these are times In which those
of the younger generation tiuy
profit refresh thelr memories concerning
the links which unite American ideals
with those of France,

THOMAS Ll’, Wuubioun.
New York, March 7,

'

rot

is the collec-

 

 

Mngt yep ree een cota ern
MPa de eee

SIVE. | THE INCOME TAX MAZE.

Stn-—Sir:

no
troubles than those merely incident to other time of domestic peace tn one turned us income for the year in which!

The tra-)

Judi-,

Teu- |

of gentl-!

Public opinion would attain unm-)
fluenced strongly by the economic pres-!

Aur-|

Absolute dis-|
allen’

be confronted with domestie proviens
of a most deli ate ehuracter | Revolu-
tionary propaganda of some ich de-
seription as the following is inevitable, |

ty simile)

party |

also for}

notewor.!

“ ith!

oe. ae et OS ROS EES EES en Ae es

| ENLARGING WEST POINT.

 

Ss

Trensury Rulings That Are Debious: More Ground and Buildings as Well!
in Law and Unreasonable. as Cadets Will Be Needed.
Since

To THe Eptror or Tue SuN--Sir; In To THE E,piton or THE SUN—Sir:
the administration of the income tax Congress has taken up the very im-|
law there have been certain Treasuty portant question of preparedness several |
rulings which are of doubtful legality, bills have been introduced to enlarge the

 

th that they muy and frequently do corps of cadets, in some cases 300 per
tux gains which clearly accrued, or cent. But in none of these bills is the
Which were recelved prior to March 1, extremely limited accommodation = ut

 

1918, the date the Income tax went into West Point considered. There are now
effect. One such ruling instructs us at the Point about 600 cadets, with|
i that protit from the sale of property, quartera and mess equipment for about
owned before, but sold since March 1,; 100 more.
1913, shall be prorated according to; The records show that it takea from
| the proportion which the taxable period) three to five years to erect a fair sized
bears to the entire period the property| building at West Point; hence the de-
is held; and the amount thus appor-; sired enlargement cannot be made very
| tioned to the years subsequent to the! soon. Moreover, sites for more bulld-
incidence of the income tax shall be re-| ings are decidedly scarce.

In 1889 the Government acquired the!
Kinsiey land immediately south of tho
post for necessary expansion and all of.

 

the property ts sold.
| To illustrate how this ruling may |
work, indeed must often work, take an! the level portion of that tract {s now
|antirely supposable case. Property, say | well covered with officers’ quarters,
| real estate, bought ten years ago, is! soldiers’ barracks, stables and mancuvre
|sold to-day at a large profit. This; terrain.
‘profit results from a great appreciation) While serving as Superintendent of
value during the early years of | the Academy a few years ago, General
ownership, To emphasize the point, let) Aloert L. Mills, with commendable fore- |
/US BUPpose there has been wome slight! sight, became conscious of this danger-
depreciation {n value since March 1,|0us limitation of domain, and strongly
11913. Here, then, is a case where profit,] recommended that additional property
which was unquestionably made before|on the same plateau as West Point and
the incidence of the Income tax, must| extending to natural boundary lines, a
be apportioned for tuxation. If we sup-] brook and the Hudson River, about a
pose it a very large transaction it might! half mile still further south should be
easily happen that the whole linc of{ acquired, but, unfortunately, no action
surtaxes would be put to use to reckon! Was taken. This extension would take
the tax, in about two-thirds of the village of
To add to the absurdity of the ruling,| Highland Fails, but aside from Ladycliff
it i# to be noted that the longer the} Academy and two or three business
property is held the larger will be the| blocks there is no valuable improved |
part of the early profit that will be, Property in it. Indeed, the total valua-
taxed. Of course ft is true that this | ton of the entire village is only!
ruling may sometimes work favorably { $1,500,009. |
for the taxpayer and against the Gov- The Government reservation now ex-
erninent, ae would happen in the sup-; tends along the west side of the village
posed case if the appreciation in value} to the above mentioned boundary line,
had accrued after, instead of before,| but it is mountainous and wus acquired
March 1, 1913. This, however, fs not a, tO protect the watershed, The acqutisi-
satisfactory answer to the taxpayer who, ton of this village tract would give a

fain

gets “stuck.” It only emphasizes the/ definite and indixputable boundary line to
absurdity of the ruling. the reservation and eupply the very
The Treasury Department has also; Much needed building sites closely re-

ruled that stock dividends and money | lated to the present plant. This will
received from sule of righte are tax-| have to be done sooner or later or an
able, and 'f these have been received! entire new site must be selected for the
prior tu Marea 1, 1918, on stock sold! Military academy. The city of New
}since that date, they must be “deducted! York appropriated means to wipe sev-
from the actual purchase price of the] eral Villages off the map in the extension |
| stock In reckoning its cost,” for the pur-,@nd@ — protection of ite water system.
| pose of getting at the profit. In other Surely the Government should be as
| words gains, which as a matter of public | forehanded, Revornr Wes,

record were received prior to the inet- | Wet Pornt, March 7
| dence of the income tax, must be prorated | .

| and returned for taxation. Imagine a|“SAFE CONDUCT’ NOT ASKED

person selling stock he may have owned i
A Correspondent Blames Senator)

for half a century. A strict interpreta-
) tion of this ruling would oblige him to Gore for Loose Statements.
; '

To tre Eprron or Tun SuN-—Sir:'

deive through old books of account, to
Some of your correspondents have called |

father in the “plums” {n the shape, of
stock dividends and money from sale of

attention to the confusion of mind Hkely ;
to result from loose or inaccurate stale

rights, which he had received over this
menta concerning our present conten:

 

‘

long pertod of his ownership, that euch
guins may be taxed

Instructions were recentiy asked as tion with Germany as to the rights of
to the profit to be returned ae taxable | belligerent merchant ships, armed or,
from sale of shares of stock owned for unarmed for defence.

some years before the Income tax went} I want to call attention to an instance |
into effect where the original cost of | applicable. In a forma) statement ts-
the stock was {tn doubt. The inquirer! sued by Senator Gore, published in Tur
tentatively but politely suggested in his) Sun of Friday, February 25, he used,
letter to the department that the differ-| this language in reference to the matter)
ence — ge market oe of the! chiefly invoWwed in this contention: \
stock on March 1, 1913, and the price) 1 uo not delteve that public opinion in,
at which it was sold would fairly | the United States would Justify a war with,
measure the taxabie profit, Germany on account of her refuna! to grant |
to steer the}

This attempt, however, ‘ ‘ ;
Government from the prorating, appor- j aase conduct to such ships.

tioning process into the “straight and! Now the fact fs that neither Mr. Lan- |
narrow way” of fairness and reasonable. | *ing nor any other sane person has ever,
ness was futile. The suggestion was, ‘laimed “aafe conduct for such ships,”
gnored. Yet this suggestion points to! that i to say, merchant ehipa of bel-/
the only practical and far rule for get-| ligerents, armed for defence or unarmed, '
ting at the taxable profit from a sale of | Such a ship clears from our ports with!
|property which was owned before the! every one on board and every one who
| incidence of the Income tax. It may bei bas placed goods on board aware that
| objected that under this rule a tax may! the ship is subject to capture by an
be collected when the transaction shows] enemy and there ts no law to the con-|
a loss: that ts, when the accrued loesitrary. No one asks for “rafe conduct,” ,
to March 1, 1913, ts more than the profit! because no one has the right to. |
since that date. But the answer to this: All that Mr. Lansing aske is that neu-,
‘= that the tncome tax has no concern} tral passengers on such ships ehall not,
with losses or profits accruing prior to|be murdered. If the ship on which,
March 1, 1918, B, they have rightfully taken passage is.
| Bosron, March 7. captured international law requires that

————— neutral passengers shall be taken to or

FOR PURE AMERICANISM, |?" 10 8 Pee oer voi |

aay z Germany contends for the right to

murder them by shooting or drowning. |
A New Political Gospel Mach Needed No other nation claime that right, none |
fo This Country. |

other has ever exercised it. If we ad-
. it Germany's right we admit ourselves |
™ Te Eprron or THe SUoNn—Str; Some} |"
| Wise or benichted citizens have sought to Be too cowardly to assert our rights. |
| to explain the strange attitude of a dis-

New York, March 7 aye
| tinguished Senator of the United States

and jurisconsult In voting virtually to A SECTIONAL SURVEY.

abandon a long settled principle of law
by ascribing to his conduct a motive tn] Phflosophie Inquiry Into Certain Pro. |
tests Against Manition Trading. |

its essence as hyphenated as any of
those motives which have inspired some
citizens to place the interest of America] To THe Eprror or Tae Scn—Str; The!
not first Dut second in their regard. sections of this country that are howling!
Buy his motive differs from theirs tn] loudest about the “unholy trafic’ of |
that his is not pro-national but contra. | the Eastern States in war munitions, and |
national Has {t occurred to you how| threaten the prohibition of, by a prohib- |
far this worm of hyphenation has bur-| !tve tax on, the manufacture of such |
rowed through our politteal system? munitions, are the same sections that |
| You are not able to {imagine the pos-| are swelling their bank accounts on the
sibility of even a Washington being| Profits of war exports of horses, mules
elected to office in the State of Vermont] and foodstuffs.
on the Democratic ticket, nor a Lincoin| The furnishing of horwes and mules
on the Republican ticket in the State|!8 really @ more pronounced contribu-
tion to the game of war than the fur- |
nishing of munitions, for while '

 

of Mississippi. But the spirit which de-
the |

clines to be moved to approval of the
best of men or of policies unless they| Allies are speeding up their output of |
munitions and may be able to produce |

Dear a party seal ts no jess a hyphenated
kpirit than that which sways a dis-] their full supply if forced to, yet there |

 

To THE Eyton or Tae SUN—Sir; That) tressed naturalized citizen to risk thesis no earthly way for them to produce
word “decimate “pets me” every time L) very security of his adopted country by | horees and mules, Without @ supply
read it. T always thought it meant to) the folly of his sympathy. of foodstuffs neither men nor heuasts
destroy or disable a tenta, as, for In-| Mach subordinates the welfare of the} could keep up the fight.
etanee, of the number diers in a) country to prejudice, However, the proposed legislation is |
battle. To read vivid accounts of charges! There ts a new gospel to be preached] simply one of many schemes for sad-!

to all the people, dling the cost of misgovernment of the!
country on the Eastern States, and we
will probably have to submit

THE East, March 7, Farr Pray.

the gospel of pure
Americanism that {s gulded solely by
unseltish, patriotic motives; American-
ism that tests policies and principles and
‘candidates by « patriotic and not a party!
ltest, Americanism that ts Amertcanism, i
neither Democratic-Americanism, Repub- |
Nican-Amertcanism, German-American. |

 

It Is a Pecallarly Special Edition.
To THE Epiror or Tue SUN-—Sér:

 

se

 

 

 

 

  

; 1 Wo wm in recetpt of my copy of a apecinl on Programme.
nid Late = rv other) edition of a deceased poet's last work |  Cincaco, Man An:
{ ‘inae March 7 9 We ete and on one page ts this printed Insertp- (ihe plans ‘al d seope of
veal SD tt cet tons “This edition ts Umited to 600 cops | anual meeting of tue Nat
, }ies, of which this ix No, 641," ence on C ities and Corr
To Make the Gian Range Reantifal and) 1s this super-~arithmetic or the figuras! yt ett we te anan
a Blessing. ‘iva engage of Sg W. ST. [10 to 17, was made to-
5 New York arch 7, ‘r ; 1 ‘ t
To tire Eorron or THe Sun—Sir: 11 Peaceeeaeisicenitin \! ited” Seah t a
twenty-five yveurs [ have been one of the A SESE DR NA
ve nee oe e¢ th | First Ald to Petty Larceners. unetion with the genera
well satisfied customers of the gas com-| To wwe Eprron or Tre Sen—Sie: Vor| Bi - t
Saree - ie . ' ‘ , —! . ' : n men, editors u
| Dany ind am surprised al the complaint | the Deneflt of your fountain pen eharke Ti cialis will he invited to et
of "D.' about the "Cussedness of Gas) oe he following: ' ! t !
Ranges.’ Not only have [ had no trouble} ” Sa ne Sane lesa? a ere oe bh end UN
with roasting, baking or brotling with! Ae Be oes nity Pied teh vit OF at P ibve Siarity li
Pay ‘ut ott j , | ; ‘y : 4 iy d re on alice or
oan. ; o ee eee Ae eee Commeaee or the onty drawback being ack of a pen, Wools of New Yor
“ ry by g ‘ me ATO) aca. at | ge : 7 "
expense as indicated by the reasonable, ' ef don't Geapotr, _4n erdinar: teasporr = bi We Ns, o ms
monthiy bit? makes @ perfect filler; none on the fingers | Angeles po » dep
| WD. is a regular reader of Tre Sun} be ler grok 30 Rive clue to the per. | ey ee * S " - o
he must have seen the gay company's | PURI Oo koe Oe a aie : ie tah Gonsidarad :
jdecliration of ite willingness to send, an tat . ae ie ‘ going, 8!) goes | o rth van : Ww jut
{without charcse, an fiistructer to those ROPE EADS BT8 9 " ee s ttl et | ol at ¢ a ‘
unfamillar with the use of gas ranges, | oo: SOURED Marinane (Gee tiie Stns
. : r : ‘rhier of Mit
[availed myself of that offer and on the! Pusigeru, N. J, March 3 evs a tie “ rl ve re
} very same day the request was made a . at} Miter
| representative of the company came and Mere’s @ Long Lived Kentucky Vamilys. , mor en ty a
j instructed iny cook how to use gas eco- Prom the Winchester Sun | Wed, eee oe iy
pnonmeally and eMeciently, The Webbs of Tateher county, descend eee iar at ie ae {
My gas range is a thing of beauty and| a%ts of Dante: Boo bonat of another a TRUS aiid My
| a joy forever cRY Temarkadle fanitiy the progeny of the ane dae! ee rth:
New York, March 7 late “Unele” noch Webb, whose family | pognital in social
; of six ts living at an average age of 80 ¢ Nee ' eae
| Warning the Travellers. yewrs each Aunt? Jennie Webb Hole) ee ig 5
! Tot Bprron or Tue SUN Sire ty stew) area if Deane nei Dn aby sas ond miles | igratte Whict oxy
fof the proposed warntng to American citi- | en 7 AC® re ved je 80, Enoch 86, aM thin country afier t
gens not to travel on belligerent \«asely, . 80, Dutch 70 and Joseph No oo. Une lian Lyport int part
New York trains routed through bellige,;. |) *: , a 8 BORD | mt
ant Canada J. Heney j county at the age of 82 years SWANN WINS RECORD ;
Hisntann Fars, Mareb 7, | _ si '
Jae a Three Cirades. | Disposea of SOR Cases
. : The e , al !
Decudence of @ (ireat Word Manager. res Steamnat en the Vislon ear Monthe—a87 const t
| To THe Enorrer op Tug Sun—Sire Your! ough other eyes wre bilnded,
frienu “William J. Brennings addressed | And 4s he feasts upon the sight | Rinse. istrict. A
ua large audience here yesterday afternoon . To capture it ts minded fabs th tt MASA: Be
fprositio ' erimu
Without pay, What de you know about | The sleeper ts oblivious \ vor i i af me oa
that? Hd ‘ Branca
| : . . . Hd neuglit dieturbs bis siumbers, {in two Mths there t »
POCOMBLEMIE, March 6, | He recks not of the magic bNapes Pvietions, ‘Mhin in maid t
= re Vhat throng in countless numbers t of won fore
Preparedaces tn South Dakote. | Liege .s i oe tr
Fram the Fulton Recorder \ The enorer feels that something stirs | tata yn HUeSit Wore «
Ud Venton, our weil known milk dealer And nobody can doubt (1, Vin the trst degree and
war in the etty Thursday and purchased But since he cannot understand | usion were disposed of
one of the emith Just makes a noise about it

company © new e@tyle|

pumpe for his Sig weil. MeLasvevaum Wirson,

‘ALDERMEN DEFEAT

, Island, against which repeated ;

, ston to make a contract

) residents of The Bronx !

GARBAGE PR

OPOSAL

Reject Board of Estimate Mar
for Disposal Plant oy
Riker’s Island.

 

 

LARGE CROWD PRESSE]

 

The Board of Aldermen defestes vas
terday the proposition of the Pourd
BKetimate to construct on Hike:
a garbage disposal plant w!.
five years would become the propery ,
the city upon the payment of $:
The action followed a protet «+
dents of The Bronx and Queen. +
has been voiced in perfervid to.
ings and written representatio,
officials ever since the Bourd «of |
approved the contract for the

When Commissioner Wethersto 4
for bids from contractor

S Islay

aftes

"

who

tea
the work of disposing of the - gee
bage he was authorized to stipul .
the proposed plant must not be inoue
on Jamaica Bay or New York #. rhe

Was professediy a plan to do «
the existing disposal plant

“
on
te
'
of

have been made. When tha
Estimate approved the award
tract that meant the construc!
plant on Riker’s Island citizen Th
Bronx atid Queens raised to |
objection that had been

Mayor Mitchel and Street Cle
missioner Fetherston agains:
on Barren Island,

ure !

Thirty-two Votes Againai.

Despite the prospect of a bitter wre:
gie over the matter the Board
mate authorized Commissioner +
with that
Whagan & Van bitten, this «
construct @ plant costing $2.54
after operating it for five sex
it to the vity for $1,500 000. 1)
of Estimate also authorized on
corporate stock to cover the
Payment, It was on the «qj
approving this issue of eorper
that the matter came before the
men yesterday

Rorough Presidents
Connolly of The
opposed the measure

ther

‘

Mathew on
Bron. "

fn the Ff

estimate. The other Boroug!

also voted on the proposi: '
ime and consequentiy were |} i¢
voting !n the Board of A

which ther ure meri» '
votes were needed to wet ‘
renee of the board Afier t

of discussion those faverne |
Island plan could muster

eight votes. Thirty-two
orded against it
Since the Board of
interest by attending toe ne
the Aldermen and vesterd
largest crowds ever see
manic Chamber wus «
any Alderman who arose th ors
the proposal, Commis
Was present and for nm

ioner }

   

he answered queries frou. tir
declared that favorate acttor
Bain of $5,000,000 to the core
wontended that the oljeetion ¢

Proposed plant would be
founded on a milsurterstandiog «
plans for the plant. Heed there
be no obnoxious odors arising fr

Plant becunse of the
modern grates

aon

use 4

Opposed by Connells.

President Connolly of Queens
opposition to the echeme VIe
proposal had already had a se
on the real estate situa
borough, many agents report ne
thetr clients declined to tus
it would he difficult to roine +
mortgages unless the que t
eettled adversely to the propos

The refusal of the Alderine
Prove creates @ rather «:
situation for the cit f
now tn controversy wit!

Sanitary. Utilization Conia
has the plant on Borr
and also with the clillester

which ie refusing to pay t!
Garbage on the ground th
ceiving all the garbage to
entitled. There has been
that the plant milght be located «
Island, and tt ts expected that
denta of Richmond will be 3
in thelr opposition as were tt
of The Bronx and Queens
When they voted vesier
men Lad before them «a
prepared by the Bureau of M
search which pointed
nhecespity for prompt at
action, The memorandum t 4
advantages of the proposed '
concluded that substantial te:
accrue tu the eity {f the
approved, and further that
again have to employ the B
plant at the terms dictated }
ff tt were not, unlesa sor ‘
tion could be obtained trame:

SOCIAL WORKERS TO Mt)

Alceholiom, Poverty and si hoole

w
4

iv

out

ro

 

 

  

 

 

 

persone the Ton
this time lust year

in 5 ‘