| eorners of the world.

 

 

_—~—

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1905.

etme ne
—... vem
Entered at the Post OMce at

Jat! Matter

 

New York as Second

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

      

DAILY, Per Mont . 80 50
DAILY. Per Year ts . 600
GUNDAY, Per Year é : 300
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year » 00
DAILY D SUNDAY, Por M bivpecvacna v0

 

ries add

Postage to fore!gu count

Printing and Publishing
t, in the Lorough

 

Pubtished by ‘The Sun
Agpociution at 178 Nassau oti
of Manhatian, New York

tf our friends wh
Publication wish (oh

 

uecripts for
urned, they
urpore,

fater us with ma

¢e rejected artivies r

 

 

vt stamps for that}

 

 

Questions for Intelligent Statesmen.

What is meant by this passage in the
opinion of the Supreme Court in the
Beef ‘Trust case as delivered by Mr.
Justice HOLMES?

“We do not mean to Imply that the
marks the polut at which State taxation or requ
Jation becomes permiselble necessarily ts beyond
tae scope of Interference by Congresa tn cascs
where such Interference Is deemed necessary for
the protection of commerce among the Statcs,”

rule which

Formerly, we believe, the question
was differently stated. It was not so
much a question #f the point at which |
State taxation or regulation “becomes
permissible,” as of the point at which
Federal interference with State control
of State chartered corporations became
constitutionally possible.

This reversal of the old fashioned |
phraseology is somewhat significant of |
changing conditions.

That, however, is not the main sig-
nificance of the passage in the Court's |
opinion which we quote above.

If the line at which interference by |
Congress becomes permissible is a mova- |
|
|

ble barrier, to be pushed just as far into
the region of the reserved rights of the
States as may be “deemed necessary” by
Congress, what need of a Federal license
system for corporations engaged in in-
terstate commerce as proposed by Mr.
GARPIELD, Mr. BRYAN and others?

What need of the constitutionalamend- |
ment proposed last Monday night by |
President ROOSEVELT as a “last resort”
to give to Congress the unlimited power |
in this respect which the Supreme Court, |
through Mr. Justice HouMEs, expressly |
declines to imply that Congress does |
not already possess?

What need of a Constitution at all?

In Justice to Arizona.

The Senate is on the edge of a blunder
which if committed will be little short
of criminal,

The Statehood bill forces upon the
Territory of Arizona a union with New |
Mexico which she does not desire, and
against which her representative men
are vigorously protesting at Washington
and elsewhere. Her identity and indi-
viduality are her prized possessions.
Rather than relinquish them she wishes
to let Statehood go for the present and
await the proper time for admission to
the Union on her own merits as an inde-
pendent entity.

We think most fairminded Americans
will agree with us that forced Statehood,
under these circumstances, would be an |
outrage.

The Statehood bill should be so amend-
ed in the Senate us to admit Oklahoma
and permit New Mexico and Arizona
respectively to pursue the destinies |
which time and independent develop- |
ment shape for them. |

 

 

The Navy.

Since 1883 the United States Govern-
ment has been engaged in the task of |
building a modern naval establishment
competent to cope with the fighting
ships of the other great Powers and
large enough to protect properly and |
| adequately the national intereste in all |
The civil war
revolutionized naval architecture, and
, in 1865 most of the ships in the Federal
| fleets were already obsolete. For nearly
| twenty years Congress made no effort to |
. keep the nation abreast the other Powers
‘of the globe in thia department, and
| when at last the legislators were aroused |
| to the necessity of action our armament |
on the seas was contemptible and negii- |
, gible in comparison with those of even
countries of the third class.

When the national demand for a suffi-
cient and creditable navy became too
strong to be resisted, the work of con-
struction was begun under an appro-

 

_Priation of $14,819,976.80 made by the |

_Forty-seventh Congress in its second
session, CHESTER A. ARTHUR of New

this appropriation act, and WILLIAM
TM. CHANDLER of New Hampshire was
his Secretary of the Navy. From the
day on which that act was signed by
President ARTHUR the work of building
ships has gone forward steadily, until

to-day in strength on paper the United |
States ranks among the sea powers of |

the world as the third. Great Britain,

following her policy of keeping hernayal !
than the com- |
bined fleets of any two of the other Pow- !
ers, heads the list. France comes second. |
The United States stands ahead of Ger- |
many, Russia, Italy, Japan and Austria |

establishment stroncer

in the order named.

It has taken over twenty years and |
the expenditure of nearly a billion dollars |

by the United States to bring about this
condition of affairs. Every year since

1883 an appropriation has been made for |
the construction of ships and the maine |
From the |
sum granted in 1883 the appropriations |

tenance of the squadrons.

have grown constantly larger as the
needs of the nation expanded.
the total sum appropriated was $26,263,-
054. In the next three years the appro-
priations were slightly smaller.
the Fifty-fourth Congress allowed $30,-
615,714 for the Departmnent. Since that
year the appropriations have increased
steadily, reeching $103,633,115 for the
fiscal year 1903-04.
nual appropriations have amounted to
$701,116,119.74 in the aggregate, and the
additional appropriations, including the
$59,000,008 voted for the national defence
in 180%, have been $125,911,804.30, rnakine
®» total of $925.0278.014 01,

Of this sum £68 478.518 | heen spent

|
|
York was the President who approved |
}
{

In 1888 |

In 1896 |

}
effect.
|
|
|

The twenty-two ane |

f

for our thirtesn completed battleships,
| $8,770,432 for two completed armored
cruisers, $28,627,988 for thirteen com-
| pleted protected cruisers, and $3,791,312
| for three unprotected cruisers. Fourteen
| battleships are under construction at the

 

cl present time, together with ten armored

| cruisers and twenty-three vessels of other
classes.

The navy consists of 265 ships of all

| classes fit for service, ranging from the

 

eleven first class battleships to the four-
teen supply and hospital ships, with
| forty-seven vessels under construction

ranging in power from battleships to
tugbouts, Fifteen unserviceable wooden
| steam and sailing vesselsare carried on
| the list.

The efficiency of the units of the navy
was tested in the war of 1898, and the
| results were in every way gratifying to
the service and the nation. Expensive
as a modern navy must be, it returns to
its owners in security and the assurance
of freedom from aggression a profit im-
poasible to calculate. In no section of
the country is the billion dollars that has
been spent upon ships and personnel
grudged or regretted. The strongest
arguinent that the Administration has to
urge in favor of a continuing liberal
treatment of the navy {s the establish-
ment as it existe to-day,

The New Fuslon.
Tt {s now apparent that if the Repub-
lican party originates any great or im-
portant measure of public concern,, and

 

 

| said measure is conceived upon lines of

adequate viciousness, the earnest sup-
port and active collusion of Democrats
can be implicitly relied upon.

Party lines, so far as they include and
distinguish party principles, are now
more or less obliterated, and the spirit of
Democratic unrest is keenly alive to its
manifest opportunity.

 

The Boston Velasquez.

The collections in this country of
pictures by the old masters have not so
immaculate a reputation that we can
afford to indulge any groundless sus-
picions of the authenticity of an im-

ortant piece like the portrait of PHILIP |
I ; | annually. This included 10,000,000 pounds |

IV., recently acquired by the Boston
Museum of Fine Arts.
ure was bought, on the advice of Dr.
DENMAN Koss, it was understood that
Madrid was convulsed with laughter.
The echo of this was heard over Europe
with that politely concealed Schaden-
freude with which its inhabitants have
occasion to console themselves when
they contemplate the abysmal depth
of the American collector's pocket and
mark for what objects it is displayed.

arguing from sad experiences in the
past, showed, though
feelings, the anticipation that the “Ve-
lasquez” would turn out to be an “old
crust.”

But we rejoice to think that perhaps
after all Boston may laugh lest and long-
eat;
amined the picture most critically realize
first of all that the question of a modern
“fake” may be ruled out of court. We
have then a picture of Poiup IV. at
a slightly earlier age than that of any of
the hitherto recognized portraita; at
such an age, that is, as would place this
picture in the year 1623, the first year of
VELASQUEZ’S continuous residence in
Madrid. It is painted with an almost
fierce determination to achieve a definite
record of the lustreless features of the
royal patron. The picture is, in fact,
somewhat dull, frigid anddry. It is the
work of a sound craftsman, laboring
under uncongenial circumstances, de-
prived of self-confidence, deserted for
the moment by the inspiration of his
genius, and thrown back, as it were, on
his last defences, on the inalienable
faculties of hand and eye which his
early training at Seville had eupplied.
It is indeed little to be wondered at that
the modern Spaniards could not see
VELASQUEZ’S hand here. They
him only in the full maturity of his power,
the master of a severe but elegant cere-
monial style, moving within the close
limits imposed by the taste of Pururp's
court with the ease of an accomplished
grandee. They know his work above
all by that diainroltura which was so
early recognized as the mark of perfect
breeding. They recognize him by the
brush that barely caresses the canvas
and delineates with the
an accent rather than by the deliberate

aspect of VELASQUEZ—VELASQUEZ the
Sevillian, the friend of water sellers and
old scullions, the VELAS@rrz of the wine
shop and the back kitchen—they know
nothing, for the simple reason that all
the pictures of this period area now in
England.
It is in these early pieces, bodegones,
as they are called, that we recegnize the
long, severe training in firmly planned
| design, in close and almost literal repre-
| sentation, which gave VrLAsaurz the
power later on to flourish his brush with
as much certainty as ease. The Boston
portrait is like these early pieces in its
tight, deliberate modelling, its well pon-
dered, slow, even handling of the paint,
its careful planning of light and shade;
but it lacks the fire of those early pieces,
their warmth and almost passionate
intensity, It is, one may frankly ad-
mit, inferior to them. But there is
nothing to surprise in this. It was a
step back foranew leap. The young artist
introduced suddenly into the high, cold
atmosphere of PHILIP'S court, impressed
by the vigor of its etiquette and the
negative perfection of its taste—for
PHILIP was a modern dandy, hatiny;
display alike of emotion and finery—
VELASQUEZ, transplanted from the crude,
warm, pommon life of the South, could
; not but feel that this was no place to
exercise his peasant style, with its rich
chiaroscuro and ita moody intensity of
He must at once strike out ina
new manner, find something expressive
of refinement and ‘gue. He threw
over chiaroscuro and found in the mere
| silhouette the basis of his design. The
local color of the King's black cloak
and the pallor of his relaxed features
telling upon a flat background of medium
e were the Glements out of which he
eould build his He hit the es

tinds of his new stvle, but in this first

  

design

When the pict- |

<

essay his grasp of therm was incomplete,
his mastery was problematical.

The tension of effort is apparent,
the design is too much calculated to
have ease of rhythm, the silhouette is too |
much insisted on to suggest mass. But
in the head itself, for all the painter's

| conscience and cantion, something of |

with different |

for those who have hitherto ex- |

the vital creative power emerges; the |
record is no result of mere imitative |
observation; it is felt as a whole, it is |
broad and dignified in treatment, mas-
sive and secure in ité construction. The
hands are less successful, it is true, but
enough is here to make the master's
name the only one that cun come to
one's mind before the picture itself.
The very colorless precision of the work
places it at a period of VELASQUEZ'S |
career when he had had no occasion to
gather around hima school. And even
if it should prove to be a replica, which
it must be admitted is not impoasible,
it must be a replica by the master
himself. His pupils formed in his post-
Italian manner would, even in copying
anearly work, have betrayed by some ac-
cidental slip the difference of their train-
ing. Perhaps us a stimulus and guide to
the modern artist this tight and labori-
ous work may have more to say even |
than the masterpieces of a later time,
when the arf of concealing artifice had
been fully apprehended. In any case,
Boston may well congratulate itself on
possessing a picture which marks a,
turning point in VELASQUEZ’S career.

 

Philippine Sugar and Tobacco. |
The testimony submitted before the
Ways and Means Committee in the mat-
ter of tariff rates on Philippine products
consists chiefly of assertions by certain |
American sugar and tobacco interests
that free admission of sugar and tobacco
from the islands would ruin their in-
dustry, and of proof by Secretary Tarr
and the Insular Bureau that it would do
no such thing. With proof confronting |
assertion, there should be no question |
about the verdict. Unfortunately, there
is not only question, but doubt about |
the verdict. |
!

The normal export trade in Philippine
tobacco has been about 30,000,000 pounds |

which the Government monopoly in |
Spain was, by law, obliged to purchase
from the islands. ‘This trade the islands
have lost as a result of their transfer.
During the fiscal year 1003-04 the export
was 19,000,000 pounds of leaf, of which

211 pounds, valued at $35, came to the |
United States. ‘The total output of the |
Philippines is about 2.5 per cent. of the ;
American output, and it is shown be- |
yond reasonable doubt that the greatest

Even over hero there were those who, | Possible production of exportablo leaf
‘in the Philippines would not equal 4

per cent, of the American output.
Outside of Luzon, no tobacco ia or can
be grown whore quality would give it
any place in the markets of the world
Jn Luzon there are only two provinces,

| Cagayan and Isabela, capable of pro-

ducing tobaceo fit for export. En-
couraged to its maximum, and deduct-
ing shipments which would be made to
the countries now using the leaf, it is |
doubtful if these areas could place $1,-
000,000 worth of tobacco a year in the
United States. Itis even doubtful if they

would place one-half of that amount,

{In a land which produces $55,000,000

know |

worth of tobacco annually, the Philip-
pine erop would have about the same
effect that a summer shower has on the
Hudson Kiver. If all the Philippine
tobacco that any American would smoke
were made into cigars and shipped here
free of duty, the efiect on the annual ;
American manufacture of nearly 7,000,- |
000,000 cigars would be almost imper- |
ceptible.

Sugar stands in a similar case. The
sugar areas of the islands are compara- |
tively limited; efficient labor is limited;
the vast capital necessary for any fride
extension of the industry is not and is
not likely to be available; and any |
quantity of sugar which can be brought

| from the islands would have no effect |

mere hint of |

emphasis of a firm stroke. Of the other |

on prices of American beet sugar, and
would not displace a single pound of
the American product, The supply of
either sugar or tobacco which would |
or could come from the islands wou'd
result in no injury whatever to American
interests, yet the value of that which |
might come would count largely in the
insular economy. Hemp is and will long
continue to be the major product of the |
islands. The production of oil from)
cocoanuts offers larger inducements to
capital than either sugar or tobacco,

The sum of the matter is that certain
American interests have conjured up
scarecrows With which they are fright-
ening themselves and with which they |
are trying to frightenthe public. Secre-
tary Tarr has mace his case for free
trade from the Philippines, arf for the |
credit of the country it is to be hoped |
that the Ways and Means Committee
and Congresa will back him up in his
declaration that a tariff between Ohio |
and Pennsylvania would be as just a |
measure as a tariff on Philippine products
in the custom houses of the United States.
He might also have said it would be as
wise @ measure.

 

Disappointing Mr. Williams.

For one who was supposed to possess
unusual political foresight and acumenthe
Hon. JouN SHARP WILLIAMS of Missis- |
sippi seems singularly slow to recognize j
and acknowledge the changes that have |
been wrought in American political life |
since Dec. 6, 1904 |

In spite of the Era of Best Feeling in |
which it is the nation’s privilegeto live, |
he clings to the absurd notionthat he is |
the leader of the Democrats upon the |
floor of the House of Representatives, |
He was chosen for that office and through |
two sessions of Congress he exercised
its functions diligently and to the ex- |
pressed satisfaction of his colleagues,

Other times, other customs. Mr, |

|

| WILLIAMS plays the fiddle, but his fol-

‘apparelled

lowers do not dance to his tune. He rises |
to defend Democracy’s most elaborately
military hero. He stands
alone. His fellow partisans are follow-
ing another Moses. He issues orders,
‘{here is none to ober. Solitary, iinsup-
ported, deseried, Mr. WitLtams Llinds
himself to the fact, patent to every other

his pariv hes broken fr

observer, tha

|
: him.
| forsaken statesman, he must surrender

lis pretensions find be content to serve
| as a private in the rane.

How long will it take the Hon. JoHN
SHARP WILLIAMS to bring himself to a
realizing sense of the facts?

 

The author of a recently published book
says uhé was told by the euporintendent of

THE SUN, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 19u5.

!
If he would not be a lonely and |

j sibly a few expectations, that

OUR FORGOTTEN ISLAND. |

 

WasHinoron, Feb. 1.—Governor Win-
throp of Porto Rico came to the United |
States a few weeks ago, bringing with him
a collection of hopes and desires, and pos-
he might

| arouse an intereat here that would be fruit- |

a Whaling station on the coast of Labrador |

| that he had seen icebergs off that conet

which were nine miles long. ‘The gentle-
man probably bas not a good eye for linear
nieasurement. Other men familiar with

tllose waters say the largest icebergs they |

ever saw along the Lairador coast were
not more than from a mile and a half to
three miles ‘ong, and there are very few

| specimens of the longer type.

An iceberg of great length is the product
of a glacier of great width whose entire
face breaks of into one solid berg. But
there are few giaciers in Greenland that are
wide enough to produce a very long ice-
berg. Probably the greatest iceberg manu-
factory in Greenland js the Whale Sound
and Inglesfield Gulf region, but ine bergs
they send down into Melville Bay are seldom
over a mile or two in length, and most of
them are much shorter. Humboldt glacier
in Kane Basin ja by far the widest glacier
in Greenland, but it seems to lack activity in
the iceberg line. Its face breaka down into
big ice hummocks, butit would take a lot of
them to make a respectable iceberg.

Greenland has a great opportunity, but
the biggest of ita berga are small affairs
compared with the enormous masses of the
ice cap of Antarctica that are shoved into
the sea and float away in far stretching
cubes. Our big northern specimens can-
not be entered for competition with them.
They are not in the same class.

—_——-

. The President yesterday sent two me te to
Congress, one advocating uniform divorce laws,—
The news from Washington.

Under the Interstate Commerce clause?
The prices obtained in New York this
week at the sales of several hundred horses,
averaging about $700 a head, do not suggest
the speedy coming of the “horseleks age,”

 

 

| of which we hear #0 much talk in these days
| of automobiles.

re commer cee se = meen,

A Pariisan’s fxperiment tin Brief

DBlography.

To tHe Epiton or Tun Sun=Sir: Will
you step with me for a moment into the politi-
cal biography room, and turn the light on the
nop-partisanship of the committee of nine
to reform the police, appointed by the meeting
at the Chamber of Commerce, to which Maror
MeCleilan (fammany Derm.) had generously
tendered his full support?

To begin, we have;

Austen G, Fox, chairman, who, when Mr,
McClellan was a candidate for the office he
now holds, signed n document declaring that
the election of McClellan would bea “triumph
for the brothel.” He haa never recanted,
although honest men of truo non-partisan
stamp who opposed McClellan have made
opportunity to free their consciences of that
incident. Lut let us not be too harsh with
Mr, Fox. Leuve him to live on, filling per-
fectly the description made by one of the
great of the New York bar: “Austen Fox: He
who sits solemnly all afternoon ina downtown
clib, draped in a frock coat, because the
Appellate Division is not in seasion and he
cannot appear except before a full bench,”

Klilu Root. A manly, straightforward
citizen; but a Republican, whose party must
profit by anything which discredits the Mc-
Clellan administration.

Henry DeForest Baldwin, An oMeccholder
under the Strong reform administration,
and put cut of office by Tammany,

Jacob H. Schiff, The Odell-Lauterbach
eundidete for the Republican nomination
for Mayor, and possibly Mr, McClellan's next
opponent before the people,

| Studied the situation, and his recommendations are

| and Intelligent public servant.

ful in material aid to that political and
economile derelict of which he ia the admin-
istrator, On his return ha submitted a |
messago to the insular Logislature.

Commenting editorially on this mossage,
El Boletin Mercantil de Puerto Rico says:

The Governor's message {!s noteworthy tn that ;
{ manifests his sincere desire to restore prosperity |
and happtness to the island.

Ata glance it can be seen that Mr. Winthrop has |

wise and prudent.
The message shows Its writer to be an observant

He cleariy fecis the qravity of the economic sit-
uation, he observes the decrease In income, and |
notes those features which seem to make the future
preghant with danger,

The Governor's message was not
looked for by the people of Porto Ico,

They expected something entirely different;
some bopeful word about self-government; some
solution for our agricultural orials; some recom-
mengatlon respecting the loan for our agricultural
interests; some plan for the reduction of Govern-
ment expenditures,

They hoped to receive some impression regard-
ing the Governor's recent visit to the United States,”
some word of encouragement.

They have hoped In vain!

There was nothing of real, vital importguce to
the Isiand In the message, though It ref@tis the
Governor's personal good will.

Upon finishing Its reading. one can but be filled |
with the profoundd@t despondency., The people
have falth in the Govemor's good Intentions, but |
his message produces the lmpression that bis mis-
sion to Washington was frultiess, and that he has
returned as despoudent of our future as We are.

Three years ago, during the agitation for
tariff concessions on Cuban sugar, Senator
O. H. Platt said: “No man is bound to
adopt a child, as we have adopted Cuba;
but, having adopted a child, he is inall ways |
bound to provide forit.” The United States
has adopted Porto Hico even more definitely
than it has adopted Cuba. The guardian-
ship ie legal and binding, and the obligation
to provide for the welfare of the island
people should be as clear as it is undeniable.

whot was

, Unhappily for the island, and much to our

national disoredit, this is not at all the case. |
The establishment of echools and a mod- |
erately active campaign against “hook
wortns,” beth processes being paid for out |
of the limited revenues of the island, fail to |
satisfy either the ambitions of the Porto |
Ricans or the demands of empty stomachs.
Writing in a recent number of Outlook,
the Right Rev. James H. Van Buren, 1). D.,
Missionary Bishop of Porto Rico, devotes |
a large part of his article to the “island’s
great need for more and hetter achool ac-
commodation.” Yet more than one-quarter

insular and municipal, are expended for
school purposes. If the people of the United
States, or of any part thereof, were clamor-

| ing for work by which they oould earn a

| school accommodation.”

| existence of an extreme indigence in ita

Teaac N. Seligman. sn tuocompromising |
and enthusiastic Republican,
John G. Milburs, A nominal Democrat,

who has lived in New York only a year, He
did not vote against MeClellan, for he was
then a resident of Buffalo,

Willlam Chureh Osborn. A non-resident,

| who lives in Hudson, ond who ran for State

Senator in the Columbia county district Iaat
fell ile took hia name from the personal
property tax rolls by sweuring that he was
not a resident in this city, Hetoo signed the
public appeal which predicted that McClellan
ta Mayor would be the protector of the pros-
titute and the divekeeper, although he had

been McClellan's college mate at Princeton, |

We ure told he was puton because he has a
peculiar knowledge of police conditions

James McKeen of Brooklyn
tion Counsel for the Borough of Brooklyn
under the Mayor whom McClellon defeated
for reelection

George MeAneny. Was «6 ary of the
Civil Service Commisrion under Mayor Low.

Not one man on the list supported Me-
Clellan for Mayor. Not one can be set down
a4 a supporter if he bea candidate again. Yet
there are good citizens, Republicans, too,
whose services could have been had to give a
genuine color of non-partisanship to the
comunittee. 1s it possible that they disquali-
fied themselvos by private or public expres-
sion in commendation of Mr. MoClellan's
conduct of hia office?

From a meeting held in the Chaniber of
Commerce one might naturaily expect such
Republican names a9 Morris K. Jesup, Alex-
ander EF. Orr, Charles Stewart Smith or John
Cadwalader; but, instead, we get three former
efficeboldera under anti-Tammany admin.
istrations, one non-resident, one a resident
here for only a ‘ear, the mnost conspicuoualy
talked of candidate for the Republican nom-
nation for Mayor, two straight out Republi-
cans (Root afd Seligman) aud-—Austen G,
Fox.

I fear for the solidity of tle committee, If
I know Elihy: leot, he will not serve ona com.
mittee of which Mr. Fox Is chairman

Must non-partisanship always have but
one side? Did not Mr. McClellan's voluntary
tender of cooperation entitle him to fair play?
Is the niunicipal campaign of 1905 to be stirred

ret

 

| and sensoned by such “cooks” as Mr. Fox

und Mr. Oshorn of Columbla county? Can
you pick more than two, out of the nine, whose
political ambitiona--if they have any—would
not be helped if MeClellan could be discredited
in the opinion of the people of New York?

Of course, no one wouldthink of attacking
the integrity or the honest motives of any of
these gentlemen. 1 have simply picked out
these facts from their biographies to illus-
trate how non-partisan’a non-partisan com-
mittea can be A PARTISAN,

NEw York, Feb. 1.

 

A Correeiion.

In July, 1901, THe Sun, by rerson of anim-
position upon ite credulity, published the
foliowing in refereace to Mr. William J. Gib-
son, who had been appointed in May, 1805,
under President Cleveland's administration,
counsel to proteot the interests of the Treas-
ury Department before the Board of United
Btates General Appraisers, and who held the
porition until the latter part of June, 1901,
during President McKinley's second term,
when his appointment was revoked: “That
his removal was racommended on the ground
of inefficiency aa the result of an investiga-
tion of his office by the special agents of
tho Treasury Department.”

It is due to Mr. Gibson that we should cor-
rect this statement. Tar Son has learned by
proper investigation that Mr. Gibson, during
his term of office, discharged hia duties in an
able and efficient manner, and with satisfac-
tion not only to the members of the Board of
United States General Appraisers, but also
to the Treaanry Department, and that
revocation of his appointment was for politi
cal reasons, and for no othor reasons what-
soe ver,

 

The News end the Newepepers

From Western ff

Waa Corpora- |

| hard time because some Americans have

living, or were in sore need of a proper
quantity of wholesome food, it is quite
doubtful if it would be possible to appease
them by statistical tables which showed
one-quarter of their revenues spent for
educational purposes, or by assertions that
their great need was for “more and better

|
|
of the total revenues of the island, both
|

Jt may be the duty of the insular admin-
istration to provide school facilities for the
Porto Rican children, but there remains a
question whether it is not equally the duty
of the United States to give its voluntarily
adopted children an opportunity to get
something more out of life than a breech
clout and a banana. Evidently loath to
criticiso too severely, Bishop Van Buren
remarks that “there is a good deal of pov-
erty in Porto Rico.” There is a certain
amount of poverty everywhere, but the
United States has a pecullar interest in the

insular possession. Covernor Winthrop is
quite alive to this fact, and during his
visit to the United States he sought to arouse
an interest in the economic welfare of the
Porto Rican people. He found “Porto Rico”
coffee sold in the American market at lower
prices thun inthe island. In other words,
he found cheap substitutes seeking a mar-
ket on the merits of the superior berry of
Porto Rico. It is bad enough that we do
not buy the exoelient coffee of the island,
but it is worse to trade on the name and the
merits of that article, to its manifest dis-
advantage.

Bishop Van Buren comments on Porto
Rican tobacco, saying that it “has had a

gone there, and, trading on the reputation
of Porto Rican tobacco, have flooded the
United States with an inferior grade of
cigars.” It is fortunate for the island tha

' its sugar crop ia free from the influences
| which affect its coffee and tobacco

the |

It is evident that our “adopted child” is
neglected, and the worst of it i« that its
guardians seem quite indifferent about it
A little more attention would probabiy be

 

a a Ae eee See NT

| university.

| Technology

 

  

HENRY M, SAGE RESIGNS.

 

Follows His Brether in Retiring From
the Board of Trustees of Cornell,

 

Irnaca, N. Y., Feb. 1.--Henry Manning |

Sage has resigned from the board of trus-
tees of Cornell University. The announce-
ment was made to-day from the office
of President Solurman.

For the first time in many years Cornell's

governing body is without a member of |

About two months ago,
The almost

the Sage family.
William H. Sage resigned.
concurrent action of the two
indicates that the Sage family is nét pleased
with the present administration of the
The Sages have been by far

| the greatest benefact. rs of the tniversity.

By them have been built Sage College,
Sage Chapel, Stimpson Hal}, the uni-
versity Jibrary and other buildings.
Besides, various members of the family
have founded several endowments running
into hundreds of thousands of dollars.

The present trouble, which it is feared
may lead to further changes in the admin-
istrative and governing bodies of the uni
versity, aroso over the reco gn tion given
by a majority of the board of |rustees
and by President Schurman to the late
Willard D, Fiske, who died recently in

Italy, and whose remains were brought to |

Ithaca and buried in the Sage Memorial
Chapel. It was an old feud between Henry
W. Sage and Willard Fiske which led
Fiske to contest the will of his wife, Jennie
McGraw Fiske, bey which :
left to Cornell. When Mr. Fiske gained
his point in the courts Bene W. Sage
reimbursed the: niversity out of bh

fortune and built the present library, which
it had heen Mrs, Fiske’s intention to build
and endow,

NEW BUILDING FOR STEVENS.
Trustees Decide to Erect the Morton
Memortal Chemical Laboratory.

The trustees of Stevens Institute of
in Hoboken have decided
to go ahead with the construction of the
proposed Morton Memorial Chemical Labore-
tory as soon as possible. ‘hea sum of

 

' $91,000 has been raised and $4,000 is avail-

able in unpaid oe

It bad been planned to spend $100,000
for the building and site. The structure
will be erected on the grounds on which

trustees, |

$1,800,000 waa |

is private |

stands the old home of the late President |

Morton. The proposed building will con-
tain a memorial room in which will be placed
souvenirs of the late president and other
members of the faculty who have died.

Jews and Amerioans of Other Races.

‘Yo rHk Entron or Tur Sun—Sir: Permit
mea word in reference to the petition for the
removal of the State Librarian, Melvil Dewey,
as I think I may say without fear of contra-
diction that few men In America have tried
to do more than 1 to put down and out all
anti-Jewish prejudice. No man has been
more friendly In his advice or more ready to
give it in our labor of making the Jewish
Encyclopedia than has been Mr. Dewey. He
has exhibited, in all my dealings with him,
not the slightest trace of Jewish prejudice
This should have weight on the credit side
of his account.

_l aro well acquainted with the Lake Placid
Club and fairly well acquainted with its ad-
ver ising literature I have never seen Mr,
Dewey's name in thisliterature, [thas seemed
to me Mr. Dewey has been exceedingly careful
not to obtrude his name, and especially his
official position as State Librarian, in these
advertising circulars, Lf ithas thus appeared
anywhere it has been, I am sure, an inad-
vertence, having heen thus placed without
his knowledge by one of his subordinates.

As a non-Jew and an American |

ashamed to admitit, butitisafact, there is

 

am }

& deep social prejudice against the Jews in a@

large proportion of the summer resorts. This
prejudice hus been during the last few years
rapidly growing leas: but it is still a quantity
that cannot be neglected by any man who
seeks to make the average popular summer
resorta sucesss, Mr. Dewev is not responai-
bie for this prejudice If anybody ia to be
ied for it it is the American public
o punish Mr. Dey
would be resented by hia many friends and by
a large section of the American public It
seems certain to prove.a great tactical m{is-
tuke to blow off the gathering ashes from the
hot embers of this prejudice and run the risk
of kindling the Maine anew A prejudice of
this kind cannot be overcome by force Wa
cannot make another like ua by blowa--we
must win bim by presenting that which is
attractive in us
do anything with a bayonet oxcept sit on it.
The social life of a club or sunomer resort
muat rest on munial reapect, gentility, cour-
tesy- not compulsion
Yhe American people are now learning to
know the real Jew, he who has built the l
ish name into history, and soctal prefudice
is dying; but any effort to force this death
will be to court a renewed recognition of the
PEUClee, and the bars again may vo up as
sigh as ever. The success of this anti-Dewey
petition will be a defeat for the Jew, nota
victory, as sure a8 human nature is as it Is.
| hope that the battle will be from now on, as

 

   

    

 

 

  

vey for it is not fair, as it |

As the French say, we can |

it has been for the past ten years, that of an |

exhibition on the part of the Jew of a
fied, courteous, good hurmored patience, and
then a complete victory, it seems to me,must
follow It is better to put confidence in moral
forces, which, after all, is the greatest power on
earth; besides, a prejudice is one of those
things that is more easily outflanked than
carried hy direct assault i. hk. Fon.

New York, eb. 1

“Cadet.”

To The Fporror or Tix SuN—Sir

lesue of the Tribune a letter calied
vrong ht

matter which, li seems to me, should be
to the attention of 1H" Sts rather than to any
i tred Fr vr

other paper {f an effective result Is des
this reason 1 wish to add my protest against the
"and the terin “cadet sys

use of the wo t
ing a certain type of criminals

tens" Ju desert
The word hos always been used In an

 

  

In a recens

  

ittention

 

   

   
 

 

 

‘ : } honorabi et Tae Trivune writer ermphasized
beneficial to both. {is application to certain military positions, aud
the point is well taken. It ts un rto the noble

What Is Education?

To tne Forror or Tax Sun—Sir: Your various
correspondents on the subject of education seem
to be laboring tn a mental fog. When | was
a boy I attended the Glasgow Mechanica’ Institute
and there received the only mental training worthy
of the name with such success that J obtained the
extramural degree of B. A, from the university,
One evening —an evening | can never forget—an ad-
drees from Menry Glassford Bell (the author of |
“Mary Queen of Scots") concluded thus. as far as
my memory goes: “Recollect, gentlemen, that
education docs not mean stuffing a boy or a girl
fn the same way that you would stuf a young
pigeon, To educate means to draw out the best that
lg tn the race. The word efucation comes from
the Latin educare, to draw out. One man can take
a@ horse to water, but ten men cannot make him
drink.” R. D,

Naw Yor, Feb. 1,

 

 

To THE EniToR oF THR SCN—Sir; Your corre-
spondent, “lagthach.” asks “What ts Education?”
and presents an answer. The following quotavon
from Edward Howard Griggs’s new book, “Moral
Education,” throws a bright light on the subject:

“Ag it ts impossible to divide elther conduct or
law into two parts, one moral, the other natural or
Indifferent in meaning. so t* it with education. We
cannot separate morsel culjure from other aspects
of education, 48 a distinct part of the whole: but
rather every phase of education has {ts moral im-
port. Indeed, we may go 80 far as to say that the
worth of any aspect of education can be eatimated
only as we find {te relation to the development of
good manhood or womanhood. Thus moral culture
is the Integrating centre and Interpretative end in
all education.” \sLars F. Hume

NeW YORK, Jan, al.

Saneer of Arnim.

To Tue Enrrot or Tas Sun—Sir> Many thanks |
for the virile letters from Sanger. the Sheri of |
Arnim!

Of course, be and the Mayor and a few of the
boys will be at the inauguration—spectally invited
guests of their friend Bristow—and a just reepr-
nition on the part of the present Administration
of the unique methods employed by Sanger and
the Mayor tn turning Arnim, hotbed of Democracy,
into @ redhot Roosevelt town. R. E. Dera,

BROOKLYN, Feb, 1.

 

 

 

Joe “4&w York Savings Banks Alone Could
Pay the National Debt.

To TRY Porron or THR SUN—Sir> Your tnter-
esting cdltorfal on American and [irltish savings
ind c Wo recali the fact thas the entire national!
debt could be paid from the deposits in the savings
banks of this State. What county In Engiand |
comprising an equal population could match that?

TARKYTOWN, Feb. 1. M. H. B,

The Foresight of Eliza.

ice had just croosed the river on the ice.
be explaincd, “I wanted to ert a bill
’ er rand tlaroor Coramittes to pave it.”
to cake, she showed
nent

 

aoe,”

 

from cake
'r wo

mang tne

 

on the field of
me category with
mn 10 include.

© word “cadey* is a

mca who represent our country
honor to class them thus in the s
such men as the word “cade

Thut, in addition to th
term in common uso In the
designate a class of workers,
the same titic shauld be applicd to so low a type
of criminais and to a body who are doing so glorious
and so noble a work 48 the Salvation Army are
doing tn America?

lt is not the newspapers who are at fault in this
matter; Dut cannot the novuspapers do something
to bring about a change? VY.

Concooan, N, H., Jan. 31,

 

    

 

 

 

Can Pickles Be “Dellctoes''?

To THE Epiron or THE Sun irs At the table
the other day onc of my girissatd: “My, but aren't
these pickies delicious!” Dellclous didn't seri to
me to be just the right word to eipress the taste of
pickles, so l called her down on tt, “O, yes, father,”
sald the other, who, by the way, Is something of an
authority on words with us, “the word 1s quite right,”
and, troiting off to the dictionary, came back with
a mouthful of definitions and quotations to bear
out*her statement,

Stl, delicious didn’t seem to be the right word
for pickles, so 1 went to the dictionary myself, bus
didn't look for delicious, but for pickies. After
reading all that was sald about pickies I was more
convinced than cver that a pickle was anything
else but a delicacy. This I told them, but It didn't
change them the least bit. So now, to settle the
matter, | am ooming to you for your opinion about
picklea as a delicacy, c

TILLSONBURG, Ont,, Jan, 32.

 

A Bostcn Suggestion as to Street Etiquette ta
Winter.
From the Boston Evening Transcript
Do you think It might help to decrease the casea

of pneumonia in our cold country Uf the leading

ladics hereabouts would say that-during the win-
ter deason men might omit the customary Ifting
of thelr hats in the atroet when bowing to them?

In @ town in Sweden the respeciful dofiing of
the hat has been declared unnecessary through

the winter season by prorainent ladies—tut there |

4 genticman will insist on having his hat tn his
hand during any conve:sation with a ladp. The
Swedish ladies, at all events, believe that they have
introduced an important health measure into so-
cial life,

Undoubtedly many Boston men who have found
themscives called upon to ralse toclr hats a dozen
times on a windy day coming down Tremont street
and passing through West etreet have wondered
if their nest attack of Influenze were not the result
of this inanner of showing respect to the fatr sex.

Simplo Problem tn Subtraction,

Knicker—-The President wants to qollect statistics

on divorer

Bocker—That's easy; one minus one equals two,

 

The Eternal Feminine,
Atropos was wielding her shears on the thread

} of Iife

“They're awfuliy

Pate, “it's ever es much easier to bite it.”

to al

 

   

NO LIMIT PUT ON CAB FARES,

Provided the Cab Is Hired at a Livery
Stable, Not a Cab Stand.

Supreme Court Justice MoCall held yes-
terday that a livery stable keeper js not
subject to the city regulations concerning
the prices for cab hire, when the vehicia
is engaged direotly from the stable and nut
from a public hack stand,

A driver named Young, employed by the
New York Transportation Company, wus
arrested at the instance of a Mr. Staley,
a customer, for overcharging. He was
held for trial, but sued out a writ of habeas
corpus. In ordering his discharge from
custody Justice MoCall says that Young’.
arrest was unwarranted. Staley called
up the company by telephone and ordered
a cab sent from the stable to the Fifth Av:
nue Hotel, where he was stopping. He w:
driven to 846 Broadway, and the drive:
charged him $3. Staley had him arrested
after paying the money under protest.

Justice McCall says that the company
vehicles do not ply tho &treet for hire
solicit the patronage of the public at large
On the contrary, he says, the company

 

| conducts its business wholly upon its private

»sremises, and a distinction must therefors
be made between such a business and that
of a public hackman, who is allowed to use
the streets for stands.

“If the contention of the People in this
instance be correct,” says Justice Metal!
“the local regulation is Bnpticah ls to all
livery stable keepers, and the havoc th
would thus be wrought would be far reach
ing and stupendous.”

 

 

City Administration Approves of
Remsen Bill.

It is the purpose of the city administra
tion to support efforts to b> made at this
session of the Legislature to secure cheap:
telephone tolls for this city. It is under.
stood that Assistant Corporation Cotins |
Guy, who is in charge of the interests of
the municipality at Albany, will urgs t)
passage, for one thing, of thy bi} which
has been introduced by Senator Luke A
Keenan of Kings caunty providing for a
single rate for telephone messages within
the city limite. It was also reported yest
day that in order to obtain th» suppor
of the up-State merobers of the Legisla cu
for this measure the support in turn oi
the members below the city line bas been
promised to bills which are to be intr:
auced for the reduction of telephone rat
in other towns and cities. :

Corporation Counse] Delany is said to
be making an examination of the terins
of the franchises of the local company to
got evidence which will be of servies to th:
city in the suit it bas brought to regal
possession of the ducts now controlled |v
the Empire Subway Company and usei
almost exclusively by the telephone and
telegrapu companies.

the

SANG TO HELP A’ HOSPITAL.

Noriica, Evie Green, Courtice Pounds
and Fdna Ma)—Wyndham Played,

The ballroom of the Waldorf-Astorm
was the scene of anentertainment yosterda*
afternoon for the benefit of St. Mary’a
Free Hospital for Children in West Thirty-
fourth atreet. The attendance was large,
the gowns of the women were irreproach-
able and prominent artists gave thei
services,

Sir Charles Wyndham and Miss Marr
Moore were seen in a litt! play never befor
viven hers. Mime. Nordica sang and Miss
“dna May, Courtice Pounds, Edward Terry,
Evie Green and others assisted.

Those who had boxes included Mra
Vanderbilt, Mrs. Elbridge T. Garry, Mrs
H. McK. Twombly, Mrs. Frederic Gallatin,
Mra. W. Watts Soerman, Mra. Charles B
Alexander, Mrs. George G. Haven, Mrs
Arthur W: llman, Mrs. James A. Stillman,
Mrs. Charles H. Marshall, Mrs. Nathaniel
I. MeCready, Mrs, Alexander 8. Clarke,
Mrs. John D. Prinee, Mes. F. Grand d'Haute-
vule, Mra. John W. Minturn, Mrs. W. Storrs
Weila, Mrs. H. A. ©. Taylor, Mrs. F. Hop-
kinson Smith, Mrs. Lanfear Norris, Mrs.
J. Pierpont Morgan, Mrs. Samuel Keyser,
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont, Mre. John Magee,
Mrs. Louis G. Boissevain, Mrs. Heinvic!
Conried, Mrs. F. R. Appicton and Mrs
Henry Siegel.

NEW DRILL FOR MOUNTED COPS,

 

It Always Interests Folks When ‘They

Varade fn Front of City Hall.

When the squad of mounted police who
regulate traific on Park row and Broadwa*
lined up for inspection in front of the Cit
Hal! yesterday they went through a nes
form of drill. Formerly the men would form
in line in front of the City Hall, and aft
being inspected by the roundsman
charge of the squad, who in turn
report to the ex n of the City Hall st
tion, they would disporse. @

Yesterday they formed two albres
Then five of th { rode two paces in
front of the ot All dismounter
and tho rear five, in charge of the rovr

 

   

BG Ui

er five,

  

 

man, marched to the City Hall i
to report and recive orcers, while
first five held horses for the whole su

In a few minutes the five who had +
ported marched out and relieves i
} companions, who reported in turn. Th
they all mounted and rode awa M
spectators than usual witnessed nt
drill, The old formation fo) had

Salvation Army to}
And ts It right that |

come used to,

GERMAN AMBASSADOR

RACK,
Cordially Approving the IWalsee's fdea of
Pri fexser Swapping.

Baron Speck “ven Sternburg. (
Ambassador to Washington, who return:
yesterday with the Barouess aboard
North German Lioyd steamship Kai-s
Wilhelm der Grosse from a visit to hiv:
tive land, said the report published her
that he had been seriously ill and had u
dergone an operation was not true. On th:
contrary, be had been in the best of hea

Baron von Sternburg said he heartily
approved thea idea of Emperor Willis
to have American and German universit
professors swap pan, not merely for leet
ures, but for a longer period, eo that the
Americans might become members of the
German faculties and vice versa. ‘he plan
has not been perfected, The Baron said
he would very soon begin to assist in carry-
ing it out.

erina

 

 

CHARITY BALL TO-NIGIIT.

Haif the Waldorf to Be Devoted to It
—Three Bands to Piay.

The annual Chority Ball will be given
to-night at the Waldorf-Astoria in aid of
the Nursery and Chiid’s Hospital. A fex
boxes and tickets which have been rm
served till the last may be procured of
Mrs. Frederick N. Guddard of 33 East Fif-
tieth street. Tickets may also be had of
Mrs. William Mf. Kingaland, 116 Fifth
avenue, Mrs. Geor Macy, 22 Riversid
Drive, Mra. E. J. rwind, 2 East Sixty
fourth street, and Mrs. A. S. Sullivan of
16 West Eleventh street.

The ballroom and entire suite on Thirty
fourth street, including the Astor and
Myrtle galleries, will be thrown open, an
two orchestras and the Navy Yard band

 

 

will play. Many. dinners will be giv:
before the ball.
BAKER SUCCEEDS COLER

 

As President of Civil Service Board
Coler’s Secretary.

Mayor McClollan has appointed William

Was

| F. Baker of Brooklyn to sucesed Rird S

' Coler. He

inconvenient,” edmitted the |

Coler as a member of the Civil Servic

Commission, and the commission bas
elected Mr. Baker president. Mr. Baker's
appointment wus recommended by My

has been Mr. Coler's privat
secretary and has been activ» in Brooklyn
Democratic politics.

gg

Aftey Eden.

‘a the apple tres.

 

 

  
  

nea em oe LIST A Os

i

tu)