———

GEN. BULLER'S NEW MOVE.

 

a SECOND ATTEMPT 10 RELIEVE
LADYSMITH BEGUN,

Jie Has Occupied a Position at «a Crossing
of the Tngela River~The Enemy Strongly
Lotrenched tn Front of Him—The
Hritish Losses at Ladysmith Were 490—
The Enrl of Ava Among the Killed,

 

Spectal Cable Despatches to Tur Bux,

Lovpow, Jan, 12,-Gen Sir Redvers Buller
bas at length begun his second attemptto re-
}jove Ladysmith, A laconic despatch sent on
Thursday bight shows that some part of his
force hus crossed the Little Tugela River and
occupied @ defensible position on the south
bank {tho main river @ few miles north of
springie'd and within 8,000 yards of the ene-
yoy’sstrong entrenchments, The despatch as
made public by the War Office is as follows:

espa: obrELD, Jan, 11, 9:20 P.M, (Received
Jan 12 Vecupled south bank of the Tugela at
Potgieter’s Drift this morning and seized pont,

Hive, in flood Enemy strongly entrenched
four aud a half miles to the north,”
Thia meagre information is not supple-

mentadfrom any source, oMeial or unofficial,

Fventhe position Gen, Buller has occupied ts
awatterof apeculation, for no mape available
here | cate Porgleter’s Drift. There are two

 

 

drifts, each Bix miles from Springfleld, one
rd the other northeast. The road from

d to Dewdrop crosses the former,

aud i is assumed that it is the
r which = Gen, Buller — holds, It

. soa strange that the Boers did not destroy
the pont when they lately evacuated Spring-

fold, [is possession may mean much to the
Tuittsh. “Pont does notimplya bridge, but a
large forryboat, worked with steel cables, the

farniiiar method of croasing the wider and more
rapid rivers in Bouth Africa,

Assuming that it isthe northward drift that
Gen. Buller holds, the maps suggest the In-
ference that asite for @ bridge can be found
which wil be sheltered from the enemy's ar-
One evident difficulty of the situation,

! er
however, is that if the attackers crosa there
they must,when Lhey emerge on the plain which
the river bend encloses, come on @ plate
eau in frontof the enemy's position, and once
under fre they must attack, But everything
that may be eatd concerning the situation is
purely hypothetical in the absenee of fuller
wade It is needless to remark that
tur hor news is awaited with Intense eagere
hess, hot to say anxiety,
fhe oniy other news of interest is the report

of the casualties at Ladysmith on Jan. 6, whieh
the total losses at 420 killed and
wounded, There isa certain sense of rellef
that they were not greater, irresponsible esti-
miates having placed them at double that
number. His father’s eminence makes the
death ofthe Earl of Ava the moat conspicuous
among the losses. He accompanied the Natal
force in an unattaehed capacity, apparently
froin love of adventure, for somo time ago he
resigned his commission asa Lieutenant inthe
Seventeenth Lancers, He had served in
Methuen's Horse and in Warren's Bechuana-
land expedition,

So far as past services and prospective use-
fulness were concerned the most serious losa
among the officers was the death of Lieut,-Col.
Dick Cunyngbam of the Gordon Highlan ters,
who only a fortnight ago resumed active
duty after being wounded while leading
the charge of the G idona at Elands-
langte. alis career was full of military activity,
jneluding« sharein Lord Roberts's Afgnanistan
eam paign in IN79, when he won the Victoria
Croas, The Gordons also lose another experi-
enced officer in Major Miller Wallnut.

Prot. MaecCormac, President of the Royal
College of Surgeons, who volunteered his ser-
vices in South Africa, sends tothe Lancet Cur-
ther interesting surgical observations confirm-
ing the comparative harmlessness
Mauser bullet, which has amazed the sur-
geons, He saya:

“To any one familiar with the frightful extent
of the damage done by the n-edle gun and the
chassepot in the Franeo*German war, many
wounds caused by the Mauser might be re-
garded as somewhat of the character of a pin
prick,”

Tie

piaces

  

correspondent of the Telegraph at

 

of the |

Trere, Ina despatch dated Jan. 9, says thata |

heavy rain haa falien and that the rivers and
creeks are full, He adds that there has
been no. firing at Ladysmith, and
the trenches at Colenso must be full of water.
It js certain that the Boers holding Hlangwane
Hill are now quite isolated, as their bridge
Mist have been carried away

‘The War Office has tasued a list of the casual-
ties among offleers in the flaht at Ladysmith
just Saturday, Jan. ©. Thirteen officers were
Killed aod twenty-seven wounded, The casual-
tesamong the rank aud fle are given at 135
killed and 244 wounded,

I( isagain rumored that Gen. Hecto> Mae-
Donald will supersede Gen, Lord Methuen tn
command of the Kimberley relief column.
Lady Methuen de ies the storfes that her hus-
band is iilor that he is suffering from an acel-
The War Office officials also stave that

they Know nothing of the ,eported illness of
Gen

dent

Methuen,

The papers this morning gave much promi-
hencs t. 4 report that Baron Strathcona, High
Conmissioner for Canada, had offered to equip,
at his own expense, ncompany of 400 Canadian
Volunteers for service in South Africa. The
Jones deseribed the offer as patriotiam ona
sviencid seale, Inan interview to-day Baron
Strathcona dentles that he madeany such offer.

tratheona ta fl

In (he Guildhall to-day the Lord Mayor ac-
companied by the Lady Mayoress, seated on a
dais and surrounded by the City Marshal, the
Mace-Hearer and the Sword-Bearer, conferred
the freatom of the city on the officers of the
London Imperial Volunteers, The services
ndnotel with Impressive civie pomp

IZTELM\Rti7neRG, Jan. 11.—Gen. White re-
bolts cigiteen deaths from disease at Lady-
south between Jan, 7 and Jan. 9.

PANTIAMENT 10 MEET ON JAN, 30

we

 

 

Sir Charles Dilke Will Attack the Govern-
ment's Conduct of the War.

tal Cahle Despatch to Tar Srs.

9 LONDON, Jan. 12.—The Official Gazette con-
Nrins the statement that Parliament will meet

on Jan, 30

‘re Charlos Dika will, upon the assembling
of Periament, move an amendment tothe ad-
“ress tn reply tothe Queen’a speech opening
the session. The amendment will express ra-
Bret that the Ministers failed to foresoe the
Probability of war with the Transvaal and
ooo ge Free State, and notwithstanding
ea mn nee of ample means of information

PESOS y eatimated the extent and nature

of the
yon ell ary epersationa necessary to the
*€0088 of the sritish Aris,

MRAnGo

 

ON THE KKUPPS,

 

German Pj i Requested Not to Sell War

“UpPhes to England or the Boers.

8, ‘bal Coble Despatcr to Tur Sun,
REY

dine Secs Tan 12. -The Norddeutache Allges
the en ng Baye, in referring to the report

mare “Pps are making shella for Eng-
aan a roa that the concern has been
tlob to er) tise kending guns or ammunie

' Groat Britain or the Tranavaal,

POURLT Hopes VOR PEACE.

African War to End Be-
're the Exposition Opens,
“rectal Cahie Despath to Tre So,
van, 12—It is stated that President

 

Wants the South
f

Panis,

that |

Che

ne rene —

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.-CoPYRIGHT, 1900, Rerun

Loubet, ta conversing with certain members of
the Ohamber of Deputies, sald;

“It is permissible for ue to hope that the
Bouth African war wil! end beforelthe opening
of the Exposition to the satisfaction of both
parties, without the honor of one or the Inde-
Pendence of the other suffering therefrom.
Otherwise, the Exposition will not be a festival
of peace and industry, It should be atruce to
all quarrels and differences and a period of
taediation for the elvilized world.”

KRUGER AT BLOEMPONTERIN?

Report That He Went There to Support
the Plan of Attacking Modder River,

Speeial Cable Despatch to Tue SUN,

Monpar River, Jan. 9.—It is reported here
that President Kruger has arrived at Bloom-
fontein to support Commandant Cronje’s rep-
resentations in favor of attacking Modder
River, It is stated that some of the other com-
mandaents are in favor of the Boers continuing
on the defensive,

The Cape polica who were captured by the
Boers have escaped from Jacobsda), They
entered the camp here this morning

There was a heavy rain throughout the night,
and it continues thie morning,

THE TUGHLA RIVER RISING,

Villiers and Many of the Best Free State
Boers Reported to Have Been Killed,

Special Cable Deapatch to Tur SUN,

Freak Camp, Jan. 9, 10:55 P. M.A heavy
rain is falling, It has now heen falline
twelve hours and gives no aign of cessation
The river !s risiug.

Wounded Boer prisoners, who have arrived
here from Ladysmith, state that Commandant
Villiers and many of the} est Free State Boers
were killed in the fighting at Ladysmith.

EARL OF AVA DEAD,
The Marquis of Dufferin’s Heir Succumbs to
His Wounds at Ladysmith.
teh to THe Sus
Lonpon, Jan, 12.—The Earl of Ava, who was
wounded in the Ladysmith fight of Jan. 6, died

on Thursday.

Special Cable Desp

The Karl of Ava was born on July 28, 18 48,
Was the eldest sonaud hey of the first Marquis
of Dufferin and Ava, and was turmerly «@ Lieu.
tenant in the Seventeenth Lancers, !le was
well known in this city, having been here on

feveral occasions, the Jast being ly a few
months ago He was engaged ion ng ene
terprises in the Klondike tu con: ton with
other Englishmen, ine.uding H Mr ' Ker-

sey, formerly agentof the White & Steam.
ship Line here, He willbe sueceeded in the
tithe by Lord Terence Blackwood, who mnriedr
Mise Flora Davis, daughter of John H. Dvisa
of this city, on Oet. 1d, 18hG, io the American
Church in Paris,

 

REPULSE OF

A Pretoria Despatch Admits Their Faitlare
in the Attack on Ladysmith,

THE BOERS,

Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sus

Tonpon, Jan. 12.—A despatch from Pretoria
completes the report received yesterday about
the attempt of the Boers to storm the plateau
and ridge overhanging Ladysmith and the
British camps there, To-day's despatch says:

“TItappears that while the Boers were sue-
cessful atthe commencement of the envag
ment, they were compelld anbsequently to
abandon two of their positions.”

Volunteer to Marry a New York Girt,

special Calle Despatch?) Tar ars,
Lonpow, Jan. 12.—C. B. Ismay, ason of the
late Thomas Henry TIamuy, founder of tha

White Star Line, will be married on Saturday
to Miss Cujstauce In of > Lork,
Mr. Ismay is going to South Africa as @
volunteer,

dehiele yaw

St, LOUTS FIGHTS FOR Lieuy,

Police Called to Proteet the House of Dele
gates From a Moh,

Sr. Louis, dan. 12.~A mob attended the
neeting of the House of Delegates toeday at
the City Hall to compel it to take steps to re-
lightthe eity and publte institutions in accord.
cnce with resoluiions adopted at yesterday's
inuss meeting. The crowd marched up and
down shouting, “Lynch the seoundrele!" A
doze: flat fights were gone on simullaneously
in the corridors while tie Delegates were sit-
ting behind locked doors considering the situa-
tion,

Theerowd made an attempt to foree the doors
Sergeant-at-arms Weeke pulled a revolverand
threatened to shoot two real estat. dealers
who were trying togetin. Ile was disarmed.
Later Weeke, Delegate Albright and a House
vlerk made a sortie and tried to drive back the
crowd, but were forced to take refuge in tha
clerk's office, a ropy being thrown around

 

 

MORRISON UP FOR MURDER.

ARRESTED VESTERDAY AND TAKEN
YO WHITE PLAINS JAIL,

 

Mrs, Wolls Thinks Thero Were Powder
Marks Around the Bullet Hole in’ Mrs,
Morrison's Nightgown-Seeking the Gar-

ment— Women Friendly to Prisoner,

Mount Vernon, Jan, 12.—The Investigation
whichhas followed Tak SuN’R expostre of the
double life of Alfred Morrison, the teacher of
languages who shot his wife, Allda Morrison,
4s he alleges, while in a dream, resulted to-day
in his arrest on acharge of murder in the
firat degree, A warrant was sworn out by

 

20 DISCHAHKGH AN ENTIRU FACULTY,

President Ayers of the University of Cincin-
pat! Wants an Entirely New Staff,

CINCINNATI, Jan, 12. -President Howard
Ayers of the University of Cincinnati, at the
meetingof the Boart ot Direetors on next
Monday, willintroduce a recommendation de-
claring all of the professorships or chairs of
tho university vacant after June next, the close
of the colleve year, Most of the professors have

| been at the institution for several years. Presl-

dent Ayers was only employed last fall. Atthe
time of his eleetion ho was professoroft bi-
ology in the University of Missour!, and was
chosen after the committees of Directors had
visited inany Eastern institutions in search of
theproperman, Ie wos highly recommende!
by Pastern professors, He is a giant instature,
about 40 yearsol!, He !. a graduate of the

| University of Michigan

Chief of Police Foley, who on informatfon
an! belief charges Morrison, alias Vred-
erick Gordon, — with the intentional! |

shooting of his wife on Dee, 28, IN”), The
Withesses upon Whose teatimony District At-
torney
Mrs, A. M, Wells, Elias Reyman and other
neighbors, Mrs. Eilenberger, the dead woman's
sister, Mrs. Grace O'Neil, her niece, and Drs.
I W. Pervis and F, W. Shipman, who were
called in after the shooting,

Atabout © o'clock this afternoon Morrison
wis taken by Detectives Grant and Lynch and
Vollceman Volimer from his boarding house at
7 Rich avenue, Chester Hill, to the City Court
inacarriage, There were about fifty persons
on the sidewalk outside the house who had

Waited several hours to get a glimpse
oi the prisoner, Some of them had
cameras and took snap shots of him as

he entered the carriage, Morrison appeared
to be ip better condition than at any time since
the invest. gation began, Nearly a thousand

rersons were crowded {nto the courtroom
when he eutered between Detectives Grant
and Lyneh. After the warrant was read City

Judge Sehatz informed Morrison of his right to
procure counsel,

“Judge Appetl, my counsel, is here,” he said
Jndge Schatz offered to read the depositions of
oll the witnesses, but Judge Appell, after en-
tering a formal denial of the one made by

| Chief Foley, said that {t was not necessary to

 

| deathly

read Che others. a8 his elient would waive ex-
mination and submit his vase to the Grand
Yury
\mong the witnessea within the bar were
Mra E.,Areher, mother of Lillian Gordon, Mor-
rison’s @urviving wile; Mrs. Eileuberger, Mrs.

 

O'Neil, Mts. Amelia Cahen, Morrison's aunt,
and several other women. The women repres
senting the various families seemed to be on
frendly terms with one another, and none of
them exhibited any il feeling toward the
prisoner, Mrs. Cahen, hi@ aunt, Was constantly

at Lis side eneertog hin up

\fterthe hearing Morrison and Detectives
Tynehand Grant reéntered the oarriage and
were driven to the Harlem Railrowd station,
where they took the t:42 train for White Plains
There the prisoner waa delivered to the keeper
ofthe county jail toawait the action of the West-
eNester Grand Jury, whieh will convene on the

4¢ Monday of. February, While
was ontoe train he was asked if he had any
statement to make, and he replied:

“My heartiane@utintwo, It wasall adreain,
aterribic dream, God knowa that E don't
serv) to be punishe’, My pour wie exoner
aied me fn her last breath. Whatmore do
they want?’

During the trip to White Plains Morrison

aiked to Arthur Wicker, a friend. In the
i-minate ride he sinoked almost a pack
O. Clan el las

eS vu know T haven't got the nerve te
ead ofa chicken,” he said to Detective
“Why, whenever T wanted a chicken

 

 

  

»eut

 

Lynch
fer dinner [would take it tomy frend Arthar

Walker to a The sight of blood makes me
slek.”’
yen Morrison reached the Jatl he almost
collapsed andithe detectives had to hold him up.
‘Tt as the horror of associat ng with crimi-
‘he exclaimed, “that makes mo break
Gowh,
As the stee! doorof his eel) was closed on him
he got fowa on his knees and said:
*Thauk God, [have one th og to console me.
‘ ells mel vim innovent, |My
now in heaven said so before

    

 

 

 

Pdward ¢. Burng, the confessed murderer of
Rtation Ageort Uerbort B, Fallows of Soarsdale,
oecupres the cell nextto Morrison, while across
the corridor is an Italian murderer from Youk-
era

Chief Fovey sail to-night: “Although much

f the evide of imstantial, we have o
slong Case neal fornson. The testimony
of Mrs, We ls and aftr. and Mfrs, Subite-ky, the

‘est nelsibors to arriva at Morrison's house

after he had shot his. wife, is the
most damaging to him. Mrs, Wella will
sstify that Morrison toid hia wifa in her
presendé™ to say that the shootivg was an

‘dent. She alao save she jis almost posi-

tive that when she reached the bedroom of the

| alleged

Morrison |

Alleged

wounded woman she saw a black ret mark |

on ber nightgown enelreling the hole made by
the bubet. From) thia it would appear that
dorrisou crept up to bis wife in the darkness
ind fired the builet thateaused her death  De-
teotives are searching for that nightgown and
weexpect to have tt in our possession before
roorning, If Mra, Wells's statement is correct

i itusthe best place of evidence tuat the police

Albrightas an intimation of what he had tu ,

expect. Albert Lipe, the House messenger,
was directed to run to the Four Courts fortis
police, but he was knocked down by the crowd,

Messrs, MeBeth, Blair, McPheeters, Melae
and Stanard, the committee appointed at the
citizens’ meeting, were admitted to the
chamber. Delegate Kelley, a momber of the
Committee on Public Improvements, reada
statement explaining the action of the majority
in failing to pass the lighting billsanud promis.
ing jmmediate relief. [lis remarks were fre-
juently interrupted by shouts of “boodie!”
intermingled with threats of lynching

A riot alarm was sent out andthe police re-
aponded. They managed to keep the crowds
in the corridors moving and prevented overt
acts of violence. Tho House then read forthe
firattime the Couneil bill
temporary lighting of the eity. On Monday
the bill will ha passed with an emergency
clause and the lights will be turned on again,

 

FREIGHT CARS FOR TRANCHE,

Order for Seven Thousand of Pressed Stvel
Placed at Pittsburg.

PritspurG, Pa., Jan. 12.—L. Marechal and
V. Peyraa, reapectively Chief Engineer and
General Agent of the Parla, Lyons and Medi-
terranean Railway, Vrance, left for Washing-
fon to-night after spending three weeks in
Pittsburg. M. Marechal said before leaving
that he bad placed with the Prossed Steel
Car Company an order for 7,000 pressed steel
freight cars, The value of the order is about
5,600,000, The railroad named has In use
70,000 old style steel cars

 

THE SEIZURE ¢F FOODSTULF:,

Great Britain Repudiates the Right As-
serted Prior to the War of 1812.

WasHinaTon, Jan, 12. -The British declara-
tion of principle in regard to the detention and
opfiseation of foodstuffs is regarded hore as
defining the policy of that Government {nthe
future. Great Britain will not, according to
her own assertions, seize foodstuffs in
transit between neutral ports unless sho
has voeitive evidence at the time of
seizure that they are — intended for
the military usesof an enemy. She will not
seize foodstuffs that are ‘lestine! for the
subsistence of non-combatants in an enemy's
country, and 6he will permit trade in fo watuffa
hetween neutral ports and an enemy's country
if such goods are Dot ppown to be for the use

the enemy's armed forves,
of tat in brief is the Fng!ish position. It is a
repudiation of the alleged right of pre’m ption
asserted by Great Britain prior to aud durin
the war of 1812 and counten ineed on severa
oceasions since then, Under her preémption
poliey, Great Britain claimed the privilege, in
seizing the cargoes of neutral ships, to apply
them to the subsistence and military use of
her land and naval forces in time of war, with
the understanding that a fair profit would he
pald the owners, usually fixed by the British
prize courts at ten per cent.

Deerfoot Farm Saneages,

There ia nothing more appetizing and delightful
fora winter's breakfast, Try a two-pound pa kage.
Ads.

can have, as Morrison eays he wae lying in his
bed dreaming aud
treet away when he ired at her.”

Wier to explain why Mrs, Morrison
told the doetor, the Coroner and others that the
shooting was an aeewen? for which her hus.
band was uot to blame, Chief Foley sald:

“T have no doubt that the dying woman
thought it was an aceldent. Morrison told her

yand soe had no means of knowing anything
‘ffer »did not know that he had an-
other wife with whom he lived under the name
of Frederick Gordon in 'N
would be to bis interest to get rid of her
Probably if she bad lived to find out what the
other relatives know now she would have

make

sh

| reached the eonelusion it waa not an accident,”

' about thirty feet from the bottom.

providing for the |

|

BIG PIE BURSTS AT HIGH BRIDGE,

Water Forees an Tron Door From
Hinges and Floods the Speedway.

Tho {ron standpine In the stone water towor
at High bridge broke yesterday afternoon
The vipe
is three feet in diameter and is 160 feet high,
itis usually about two-thirds full of water and
this great pressure forces the water out into
The tower filled rapidiy and
the water rose until it was about ha'f way to
the topofthe tower. There it encountered a
ioor, by which entranee could be had tothe
spiral staircase that encireles the iron stand.
pipe.

When the water reached this fron doer it

burst the door from {ts hinges and the water
pe sd out on the Speedway, Some drivers
who were exercising their horses noticed the
rush
station at Washington Hetghta. The water
was turned off and as soon as it was lower in
the stan {pipe than the break, the repairs were
made

People living in the neighborhood were not
inconvenienced by lack of water for more than
two hours,

the stone tower,

 

TWO MRS, CORBETT) OPERATED OV

Pugiliat's Wife and Sister-tn-Law Under the
Knite—Both Getting Well,

The wife of James J, Corbett, the nugiiist,
has been In the Memorial Hospital in 165th
street for tho last few.weeka. On Saturday
ahe underwent a serious operation, but her

husband eall iast night that she was
now on the road to recovery. He
will aturt for Lakewood, N. J., to-morrow
to begin training for his fleht with

 

Jetfries, and hia wife will follow him there in
anout ten days. Mrs. Harry Corbett, wife of
the pugiiiet's brother, has been Ina sean tarium
in Waste Thirty-(fth street for aome time.
she aiso was operated on iast Baturday. Sho
raiietafter the operation and her husband
said last night that she would soon be well.

HUNIER SHOOTS A COMPANION,

 

Newark Youth Badly Wounded on the

Waverly Marshes.

Hert Sandford, aged 19, of Elizabeth avenue, |

Newark. went shooting on the meadows at Wa-

verly yesterday with Henry Chandler, a eom-
oanion of bis own age, Chandler's gua was
seeidentally discharged and the load of bird
shot lodged in the left side of Sandford’s face.

nis wife was in her bed ten

New York and that it.

| had been no robbery

f waterand telephoned to the pumping |

Aman he'ped Chandler carry Sandford toa |

house onthe upland, whence he was taken in
an ambulance toast. Barnabas Hospital in New-
ask, He was alive late last night, but bis oon-
dition was critical,

 

Cercle Francats de l’Rarmonte Bal).
Madison Square Garden, Monday, January 15,—Ads,

Troublo has been brewing at the university
foralong time, there being a chronte state of
jealousy and bickering among the professors
The present situation isalson direct outgrowth
of the clash between students and professors
at the university, which began on the class
night, In June, T8068. On that oeeasion the
graduates, bowigged and costumed, caricatured

a facuity meeting, while the surprised profes. |

sors looked on at their mock likenesses from
the boxes at the theatre

LOUNGB OODS SOALI,

The Alabama Republitcans Not Satistied
With ifis Way of Running the Party.
Montaomeny, Ala, dan, 12.—The political
sealpof the flon, William M
Alabama, Third Auditor of the Federal Treas.
ury, seems to be in imminent danger. A vom-
mittee of the most judluential Alabama
Republicans Jeft lust night for Washing-
ton to lay Lefors the President the
many misdeeds of the Boss,
Mr. Youngblood is the Republican national

eiben

committeeman and the dispenser of patronage
in Alabama
Hauns
hin

He has lony beena pet of Senator
There has been steong

opbos tion to
ince the President's Urst app

ever int-

      

      
 

in Alabama wor anounced, abd now

le party in thie State appears to have practi-«
cally risen against hin. Among those who
wontto Washington from here last night were
fostmasterc. Wo Dockles, United States Mar-
shal LJ. bryan, Circuit Clerk J, W. Dinimick,
Postniaster Hughes of iainghom, Nathan |
Alexander, tie colored ¢ ebairny Wili-
fam Vaughan, whois District Attornue ir the
Northern District and Charles J, Alisou o. Uire
mingh rk of the ¢ t District Court

«wham, t
there, anevhew of President MeKinieys
Most of th Ll reeently bave
Charges of
dust “Boas Youne-
bama, aud his old
going to in-
Mr. Allison,

” een

 

Youngb
tuet has
| ! us
hentenants, it
sist that the facts be
the President's o
Alabama from Ohio, i

chief dispenser of patro
Youngblood is decapitated

 

con

      

developed

slated for
State if

raidto be
we in this

 

BRYAN ADVISLS CORBEL TO
Eatract Prow a Letter Advising

Again t the Governorship Contest.

Lovisvitne, Ky., Jan. 12.—The Evening Dust
to-day printed the following concerning a let

ter suid to have been received by Senator
Llackburn from Col. Bryan:

The following words, given here practically
verbatim, coneuded the jetter

“Tt appears tome that the action of the

Demoerats in Kentucky is without precedent,
The Kepuvlicans having been given the cer-
tifleate it woud appoarto an outsiderthat the
best interests of Lhe Democratic party demand
thatthe Republicans be aliowed to serve out
the fullterms of tho State offiess. In fact, I

   

   

believe the salvation of the party to @ certala
extent depends ups the abandonment by the
Demoers the contest proceedings”

The pablieati leastir me Goehel-

 
    
    

fies deciuredr
Bryan, oh

ter liad been eived from
.edmitting the racveipt ofa

 
  

 

 

 

letter, suid had studious refrained
from mentior hentucwky situate be-
youd saying make O& fredesilver

wech f lature, It is feared
that there will b ly Ou the day Bryan
woes to Frank rt here willt ig@recat crowd
hb town, both hem ‘anand Democrats, and

 

in some quarters itis feared tuat the Goebel-
ites Wiitake advantage of this gathering to
declare the contests

Goebel and Beekham

 

re eleetad.

MRS, WOOD'S JEWELS MISSING,

She Tellathe Police #3.675 Worth Are Gone
~A Mistnke, She Tells Reporters Later,

Mrs, Joseph Woot of 10 East Thirty-third

street sent word to the Tenderloin station last |

hight that she had been robbed of a large

quantity of jewelry. Detectives Henderson
and Curry of Cunt, Price's com.
mand and = Sam Price and Kiernan

 

 

SCN PRINTING AND PUBLISIIING ASSOCIATION.

ee ee

ALL ON BOARD PERISHED,

Youngblood of |

ephew, who reeently came to |

guile?

settiod at once and that |

of the Central Office went to see about the robe |

bery, They bexon by searching the servants
in the house, who were wreatiy excited. Four

|
of them, three women and @ man, were !

neCroer,

Nhe police said that Mra, Wood reported to |

them thatin going to her beiroom alver dinner
Bhe missed a larva jewel cose, The case had
conta ned adianond sunburst, they satd, two
marquise rings and & namber of other rings
and plus and thirty pawn tickets. The whoe
was Valued at sau7b,

Heporters who went tothe house after hear-
ing the police report Were assured by Mra
Wood that “it was allamistake and that there

Yany kind.” Detectives
at Lowiovk this morn.

 

    

   

were still at the house
ing,

SHOT DOWN A NEGRO MURDERER,

While Insane He Had willed a Guaker and
Had Fired at Others,

Norvoug, Va, Jan. 12.~News of the murder
in Southampton county, Va, of the Rev. Mills
Rayford, a Quaker leader, was reveived here
to-night. One Tix, a negro of theeounty, ina
raga shot Mr. Rayford and was himself siain
by residents of Southampton. The
appears, sane and jad been running
about for several days, terrorizing the farmers
in the neighborhood,
shaw and Thomas Veil, whit+ farmers of
Southampton, upon the county road and with-
out provocation fred upon them, wounding
Beall, He fled and was not seen agatn until
Wednesday last when he met in the road Mr,
ik ylor 1, whom he shot, killing him.

Mr, Rayford was very popusar, and when the
news of the murder spread posses comprised
of offleers and citizens pursued the murderer,
Overfaken by one of these, Aix resisted arre.t
aud fired ubon them, wounding, it is reported,
one man, A brisk fre was opened upon him
and he shortly fell dead

became |

THE PILGRIM IN A GALE,

Shaken Up in Rounding Point

~some Passengers Alarmed,

Judith

Fan. River, Mass, Jan. t2.—fhe steamer
Pilgrim of the Fall River Line received a bad
shaking up on the trip from New York
night, She encountered a north

last

and from Huntington to the Raeo pitehed
badly, It was worst at Point Judith, where a
nasty eross sea had been kieked up by tha

wind, which ha! gone into the southeast, One
sea tore a hole ten feet Jong close to the pad-
diewhee!l, and deadlights and windows were
broken. The water entere | the quarters of the
crew, Soe passengers were badly frightened
and wentaboutthe d * half-elothed, singing,
prayingor crying. The ofeers went aniong
them 'o assure them that there was no danger,

   

The worst of it was s00n passed and the Pil. |
dored one of the best sidu- |

grim, which fa ear
wheelers for standing heavy weather ever built,

NOTUING ELSE KNOWN OF THE SHTP
LOST IN ST, MARY'S BAY,

Bhe Struck the Newfoundland Coast on Fire
Was Up
Three Seen

a Snowstorm and Broken
on the Rocks—Only Men

Alive on Ber, and They ied in sight of

Life—Mad She Passengers on Board?

Ser. Jonny's, N. P.dan. 12.- Despite all efforts
| it has beon imspossib's to ascertain the name of
the wrecked ship in St. Mary's Bay
To-day a trunk was Washed ashore, It gcon-
tained a woman's wearing ipparel and feathers
| belonging to hats, A garment, whichis either
& Woman's cape or &@ man’s overcoat, was alse
found. Another garment was marked “J. J.”
! These articles from the ire taken to
| mean that passengers, including women, were
aboard the shop.

Henry Jobuson of Holyrood. the nearest ham-
let to the svene of the wreek, was thy
| discover the vessels danger, He describes the
disaster thus

“The ship's lights were
Mary's Bay, going due east, on
| midnight.
with her afterthat (or Pwas awakened Thur--
| day morning by the steamer'’s whistle, DTsaw
| abig fire near Guill Island then. When they
knew there was a shipwreck the neighbors
| gathered and evlloceted ropes, jigs
| hooks and started for the
| cerosa frozen ponds abd marshes, and
fiw the poiutabouts) A. M
' “The ship lay quarter of
She bad stove in her bow by
rock and lay head on, She had eollaps
stem to stokehold from the
ein, This partof the ship was under water,
and the members of the crew whoee watch was
telow when the vessel struck were probably
killed? or drowned by the impact or the floods
| of water. The same would apply to the steer-
| age passengers, If she carried avy,

“Toan't say if she vas a passenger ship
looked as if she might be on She was about
3,000 tons burden

“Ter stern part was on fire, from what case
we could not She had a lot of ker
aboard, for it was floating eon the water and it
rilded tothe fury of the fre,
fonly see three a

 

 

wreek

ssing St,
Wednesday

een er

 

ene, travelling
reach-

a mile off shore.
nh with a

1 from
of the eollf-

\ collis!

ores

 

She

 

tel Ben

|
|

   

We cou enon the shir

 

All the others had perish r left her. Al
| her boats were lying around smashed, except
| one, which was bottom «yt lapparently un-

camawed Wo concluded that the ew
manned the boats after she struck and were
| drowned,

| “Two men lashed on
|

 

the bri yoked like

 

|

ofiicers. They signallo? us as Lman in the
sging but nothing cou s done for thew
Wecould not launeh a boat nor could wa get

| ropes tothem., Soon after noon the ship
settled, The lower bridge was carried away
andthe men onit Were seen no more, About
fo hour later the man in the rigging east hime

' eelfclear, and swam around the ship and tried

 

 

i toswimtoaroek at the foot of the « H
failed In the firstattempt, tried ita second time,
filled again, then gave it up and returned to
the wreck and regained his position on the top-
winate v
“The surf andtha undertow were terrible
| Noian could remain on the rock, so powerful
were they, This man was apparently a
quartermaster orthe boatswiin, Jie was an
| elderly sailor with a bald head and had an oil
jacket which he waved to us from time totime

He died about nightfall, Ithinkn., We could see
no motion in him after that
The cold was frightful where the man was

 

  

   

exposed up in that rigging, The ship kept
settling down all nigit. Th en got attl
flreand putitout. This morning the water ie
over the whole hull, fore aad and nothing
isto bedone inthe way of sa'vage. Tcameto
St. Mary's with a message

from the wreck
comm. asioner about sending « steameraroun!
from St, John's, Nobody can get to the wreck
to-day por venture into the 'an wash tosearch
| for life buoys, boats or wreekage with the

| ship's name. That may be done to-morrow if
| the gale abates
“Lam satisfied that nobody on the ship ea.

cape, She woud carry a crew of ilfty or sixty
lesides passengers Svery one perished. T
don't believe any boats cleared the wreck If
they did, they were awamped in getting off.
The appearance of the ship's tackles and boats
fadivated that there was a panic aud that tho
boats were overcrowded

“This wreck is (he worstin my experience
We have never had anything to equal it in New.
foundland in fifty years,’

Another messenger who left the scene two or
three hours after Johnaon says that the ship fa
breaking up and that nothing will be left to-

 

morrow but pieces. Many todies are being
thrown uponthe rocks all along the eonst,
showtug that the magnitude of the disaster

| has not been exaggerated,

There is a theory here that the ship took fire
nat sea, ran for the coast to save (Lose on board
and struck the wrong pointin the snowstorn

A relief expedition « {

nsisting of the eolonval

| cruiser Fiono Bay and the steamer Kite started

| German

to the wreck this afternoon

STARVED HIMSELF TO DEATH,

Sawmaker Was Too Far Gone to

| Recover When Tenauts Called Police.

negro, it}

He met Georges Brad |

aster, with |
anow and sleet, at (he uopor end of the Sound, |

| Robert Keynst, a German sawmaker, was

Poople op Shore—1 Satlor'’s Struggle for |

 

 

 

WOMAN WOUNDED BY A CARLKIDGE,

Cartridges Set Off by a Wheel of a Car on
Which She Had Been Riding.

Mrs. Mary Ssase of Roe street, West New

Brighton, 8. 1, was woundad by the explosion

 

of a gun cartridge Inst night. She was a
passenger on a ¢ar of the Staten Island
Tieetrie = Railroad Company. At the
corner of Richmond Terrace and
Granite avenue, Port hiehmond, she alighted
as the car was coming toa standstill, Asashe
ttepped from the rear platform to the roaaway
there was a sharp report and a flaeh
fiom beneath the car, Mra, Suasea ex-

|‘Perleneced a stinging sensation in her right

—— a end ©

.

} shoulder and upon investigation it was
| found she had sustatued a bullet;
; Wound, Upon the car track was found a car-

tridge shell, The wheel of the car had appar-

| ently etruch the cartridge and discharged it,

Something must have gone wrong |

rs und boat. |

) taken to Bellevue Hospital vesterday morning |

| from his home at 455 Fast Sixtoenth street,

| where for the last few daye he has been
starving. He dled in the hospital late last
| night. Keynst had a shop in the basement
and lived alone in a little room in the rear

For several days the peoplein the house ha
noticed that the shop remained) closed, but they
| could hear huynst walking around in the room
in the rear ’

Yesterday morning the polices

were notified

by the tenants that the man waa wnsane and
| was starving Limaelf, A policeman went tothe
piace ar the door locked

! rane peeped
t rough a little window ip the rear "

 

 

  

 

vee Keynst huddiedupin a corner , ,

Dr. Graham Kowgers, coming from Vibe,
| crawled through the windew with the police.

man, They tound that Keynst had been with-

out food for days and that he wa certainly

insane. He was taken to th pital and

yaced in the insane ward, Food was given to
| f . h rd , " '

vim there but he did not ray. The doctors

gave the cause of hia death as starvation.

A BOGUS SPOTTED TAIL IN PARIS,

| The Stoux Chief Was Murdered Years Ago
Instead of Being on Exhibition,

Sroux Fanns, 8, D, Jan. 12.-It is evident
from the announcement from Paris of the
death there of “Spotted Tail, the famous Sloux
chief,” (hat somebody has been imposing on
Paris The real Spotted Tall, the famous
Brule Slou, chief, was assassinated in the early
{ fea in the eouree of a feud among the
Sioux on the Rosebud reservation in this
state, where he lived. During the feud he
kille lone of his rivals named Big Mouth and
some time after was killed by Crow Dog, who
vet lives on the reservation. ‘Ihe allegocd el
who died In Paris, evidently assumed the uame
for exhibition purposes

 

  

 

 

THE MOFFATT PARTY ALL

DEAD,

came up the bay only an hour behind time. |

The damage was slight.

Rothsebilds Buy Copper Mines,
Vancouver, B.C,

White Pass copper group, above Bennett, to
the Kothachilds for oi 1,000 is reported,

Quick Service to Thomasville and Bruns-
wick, Ga,

Via Penna. and Soarhern Ky., New York and Flor
{da Limited, becinuing January 16th. Leave Now
York daily except Sunday 12.40 Pb. M, arrive
Puomaavilie Ga next day 4.10 PM. and Bronswiok
2.06 P.M, New York Office, 271 Broadway,—adv.

 

Jan, 12.—The pale of the |

Fate of Three Klondikers Who Travelled
by the EKiimonton Trail.

Viotonta, B,C, Jan. 12.-News was received
from Dawson this morning that Corpora! Skir-
ving. Who was in charge of the expedition sent
| in search of the missing Moffatt party, arrived
there on Dee, 19 last and confirmed the report
of the death of the throe members of (he purty.
| They were Moffatt of Pembrooke, Phil Helles

yue of Duluth and a man named Holmes of

Fresno, Cal They started for the Kioniike

over the Edmonton trail in the fail of Lsi7,

The relief expedition, guided by A. ! Boake,

travelled more than two thousand miles and

suffered many hardships,

tat Hindman, ine

| who serve!

| siderabie sum of money

) money was placed on
|

It is surposed that bova placed the cartridge
onthe track, Mis. Sasse was removed to her
home and was at en ‘ed by a physician

EVA ROStkS TRANCE ENDED,

Knew What Was Golng On
Time, but Cpuldn't Speak.

 

She All the

Asruny Park, N. J., Jan, 12.—Eva Rose has
awakened from her tranes, which began on
Yuesday while Was at work at Steiner's
factory. She was conscious of everything that
Was going on about her, but could not speak,

 

she

ROUBLRS

Money Stolen at Owensville, Ind., Taken
Away on a Hand Car,

INmiawavoiis, Jan, 12.—Five safe robbers
Hiew open the vault in the banking house of
Lleol & Co, at Owensville, Gibson
county, this morning, and secured $15,000, the
entice amounte!l currency in the bank. The
hand car on the Mount
Vernon braneh of the Evansville and Terre
Haute Railway and taken to Poseyville, twelve
miles southeast of Owensville
cor waa left and the money was removed to a
vehicle The robbers then made thelr way
overiand to the Watash River, crossing to. the

Bak GET $15,000,

 

  

MeGinnis,

  

l'\inois side, No jurthertraee of the robbers
has been tound. From the number of foot
tricks along the railroud the officers have de-
cided that the party consisted of five men

 

took place betw 3% and 4
rei nas Owensville citizens
f the explosion, but were not

Phe robbery
Cclook this m
heard the report

 

 

Here the hand |

| and a ery was rats

sulleientl aroused to make on investigacion
at the tin nd it was daylight before the

boery was known, Thesafeand vault were
literally blown to pleces and the doors an
shutters were torn off the building. Part of
the roof was blown off and the walls weredam- |
aged bediy. Valuable papers and notes were
jostor destroved

fhe banking firm of MeGinnis, Teel & Co,
ie one cl the oidest in southern Tndiana
Being in the centre ofa rieh fanuing commu.
nity, the amonut of business transacted was

lar@e. Most of the money was deposits by
farmers, for which the Lank is responsible.
FIGHTING PREACHER ASKED TO GO,

The Rey, J. J, Axtell of Royal Oak, Mich.,
Requested to Resign.

Derrorr, Jan, 12—The Rev, J. J. Axtell, the
Royal GVak parson who bounded into notortety
onaceonnt ofa five-ronud prize fight with one

fthes mikeepers in hia village, and, who
Inter, “lo ty meet a Detroit boxer
tor @ e@ontest to be given at @ charity |
boxing show in this e@ity, whieh was
prevented by the objections of hia felow

clergy, has been asked to resign by the eon- |

is church, He will not
1ead that the majority

tle ders oft

aa ho iso

 

krowation
resign un

 

 

 

 

ofhis fo ck wish hini todo so, Alargenuirber
ofthe young people in the ehureh, who have

ner fasortof hero worship ‘or their fight.
ng Darsan, Ww not abide by the deeision of
the eiders, at some action will be taken by
tt to secure his retention

Axtell himself wou! i not be averse to leaving
a congregation which pays his salary In vege-
tables ekens ond other articles of house-
hod consumption, but there seems no call for
his services elsewhere

HUNDER!I DS OF FISHEKMEN LOST,

Coast of Japan Swept by a Severe
Typhoon on Christmas Eve,

Wash., Jan. 12,-
of Japan bringa
eve a typhoon of

over the Japanese
loss of many lives and
much property and shipning. Out of
forty junks that were passing between

Kobe and Osaka in tow, all bat five were lost.
Of1W4 men on beard
twenty-five, who were ploked
launches, Were drowned, At Sakai three fish
ing Vessels foundered, only two. persons being

The

The steamshiy
the news that
great
const

TACOMA,
Empress
on Christmas
severity swept

causing the

sived. At Nainnza eighteen lives were lost,
Htherdistriets report heuvy losses of shipping
and life, The lo-s of life is estimated at from

four hundred to five hundred,

GEN,

Hit in the Face and His Wateh Taken—A
Soldier Arrested,

Brewer FE. Carlaon, a valet employed by Gen,
James Willlamson of 18 Tiast Forty-eighth
street, entered the hall of B68 Becond avenue
lust night with a soldier whom he had metin

a saloon, A moment later the soldier
ino and down the = «treet. Carlson
followed with his face covered with blood,

The soldier was arrested and on him were
sind a gold watch and chain which were
claimed by Carlson, who said that the soldier
had bit him inthe face and bad taken them
from him ‘The soltier aaid he was James J
Hopkins, an enisted manof Company B, Fifth
Artillery, stationed at Fort Wadsworth,

TRAINS RUNNING

TO PORT ARTHUR,

Russians Congratulnated On the Quick
Construction of the Kallroad,

Tacoma, Wash. Jan. 12.—Aecording to ad-

vieea brought by the steamship Empress of

Japan, sinca Dec. 1 trains have been running
regulariy on the Russi.n railway connecting
New Chang, Port Arthur and Talian-Wan.

The Pussians are being congratulated upon

 

the rapiteompetion of a railroad of not leas
stratezio than eor erclal importance to the
far Kast. It is said, however, that the ling

shows signs of having been hastily built, and
that a bigh rate of epeed cannot be attained by
trains

PREACHER COMMUTS MURDER,

The Rev. Wesley Hall Kills the Woman
Who Rejected Him and Attempts Suicide,

Mippiessono, Ky., Jan. 12.-Ina fit of jeal-
ous rage the ev. Wesley Hall committed mur-

derto-day aud then made an unsuccessful at-
tempt at aur Theeriune was perpetrated
tt county, and jealousy ts the
assiwned, Vr Hall's vietim is Mrs
a Widow, sister of Hall's dead
L with Mra. Isaacs to become
elused and he pulled a revolver

and shot her she died tn.

ony *use
Lueinda laaaes
wife, Hall pe
his wife. She
from his poeked
stantly
but the pliysicians say he will recover,

    

     

OKLANOMA BANKEL

Major Stone Shot Dead by a Customer
While Trying to Collect a Loan,

}2.—Major John F
Ok'ahoma Volunteer Tafantry,
luring the Spanish-American War,
Was ahot and instantly killed at Shawnee yes-
terday by James Walcher, aformer Missourian
He was President of the People’s Bank of King-
Hsher, and his bank had jent Waleher a eon-

on some eattle. Hae
went to Walcher’s place vesterday to collect
the loun and in analtercation Waicher shot and
killed hi

Rockefeller (o Duplicate Gifts to Chicago
University Up to $500,000,

CHICA 12.—President Harper of the
University of Chicago retarned from New
York to-nightand announeed that Mr. Koeke-
feller will duplicate all giftsto the university in
1800 up to $500,000,

AILLED,

Perry, Oklahoma, Jan
Stone of the

Jan,

Canadian Indians Going to South Africa,

Orrawa, Jan, 12.—Itis stated that flty full-
blooded Indians from the Northwest will ac-

company the second Canadian contingent to
the seatof warin South Africa. They wil! be
employ las scouts with the Canadian troops,

| tie

' rate from hir

these vesse's all but ,
up by police |

WALLIAMSON'’S VALET ROBBED, |

Threatening wea'her to-day; variavle winds,

Sy

PRICE TWO CENTS.

_—__—-::----- - +:

DIED WATCIUNG THE FIGHT

EXCITEMENT SEEMS 10 HAVE KILLED
KVYRON 8. S4BIN,

He Sat Wedged in Between Two Other Meg
and His Death Was Not Discovered Until
the Crowd Rushed to the Ringside and
His Body Rolled Down the Tier of Seata.

On one of the upper rows of the northeast
tier of seats at the Choynski-McCoy flight at
the Broadway Athletic Clit last night eat
Wilham W. Connor, @ salesman tn @ Broade
way clothing store Next to Mr. O'Connor sat
a rather tall, neatly dressed man who fole
lowed the preliminary tights with great ine
terest, When MeCoy and Choynskt faced one
nother, this man seemed to grow very
much excited, iefore they had been sparring
for thirty seconds, everyvody else tn the place
Was beside Ninself with enthusiasm over the
Way the two puyil sts were hammering each
other, but Mr. Connor noticed at the end of
the round that the stranger on his right
seemed to have lost ail iuterest inthe proceede
ings. He was leaning heavily on Mr. O'Cone
nor’s shoulder, Mr. O'Connor moved away,
and the stranwer leaned over still more,

Just before the socoul round started Mp,
(VConpor put tis hand th: stranger's
shoulder and pushed him away, saying: “Here,
Gon't fallatloverme. Wakeup’

The man seemed to be sound asleep, for he
finiply fell over ugainst the shoulder of the
man on the other site of hom

On

This tian rose
when MeCoy was knoeked down in the seeond
round, pushing his neighbor over on Mr,
O'Connor as he did ¢ The two exchanged
Farcastic ol servations a@vross the apparently
sleeping man’s head about folks who paid $2
for @ seat and didn’t know when they were

ketting more than their money's worth, but
heiherof them pald any attention to the ine
attentive stranger until the fight was over,

When Choynski'’s seconds threw his sponge
into the ring after the third round, beth mea
inthe seats rose and hurried down into the
crowd that was surging about the ring trying
to hear Ri feree Jotun White's statemont to the
reporters, The man who had beon between
them fellover sidewise on to the seat and thea
forward and rolied vn from seat to seat to
the floor of the big hal. Somebody eaught
himind trietto Ifthim tohis feet. Itwas
then found that his hands were cold aa iee, He
Was stretched outon thelower rowof seate
tthat a doctor was needed,

Dr. Creamer oof 122 Tompkins place,
Brook!yn, worked his way through the erowd,
\s €00n a8 he looked at the man the doetor said
that he was deat. Capt, Chapman and Bere
weant Welling of the Morcer street pollee
station drove back the erowd and sent for a
patrol Wagon aud initthe body was removed
to the Mercer street station, A blank boo
found fu the “do man’s clothing contained
recoris of the deaths of various members of
the Sabin family since 1843

he police wore lel by these memoranda to

believe that the body was that of Byron &.
Sabin, a dealer tn dental supples, at 20 West
125th street. They coarned= later from Cars
roll Willains,a nephew of Mr. Sabin, that bie
uncle had lef hone early in the evening to go
tothe prize fight) Vr. Sabin has been a ani.

 

 
 

   
 

ferer from heart disease for four years, Ha
eame from Boston sewera! years ago. He had
a wifé aad 4 ten-year-old daughter

ORIGINAL “WKINGEY MAN’ SURS,

Ness Asks $10),000 From His Sister-in-Law
Because of Domestic Trouble,

 

CRicaao, Jan. 12.--As a sequel to his domage
dificalties which culminated In judtetal
Reparation of himaelf and wife, Magnus A,

tleaa, better known as the “Original MeKinleg

Man,” has fille! suit in the Circuit Court for
$100.000 damages against his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Annie Wolf, The action is based onthe

assertion of Mr, Hess th
many years fomented
himself and his wife,

it his sister-in-law for
the diliculties between
! {nduced her to sepne
Growing out of thia domestio
trouble, Mr. Hess declares, came business diM-
culties which cost h.m jarge sums of money.

Mr. Hess acquired notoriely some years ago
by his peculiar and persistent advoeaey of the
candidacy of McKin'‘ey for the Presideney, He
was a Mekiniey shouter in 1802 and was con-
spicuonus inthe lonthies of Minneapolis hotels
during the National Republican conventio'
held in thateity that year, He was then, an
until a few months ago, proprietor of & printe
ing estab lianment in Chicago from which, from
time to time, he Would issue “appeais” to the
peoplu to “line vp” for McKinley in 1896, He
is very iiliterate and his “appeals” were such
marvelous compositions that by their ludle
vrousness they attracted attention and secured
wide circulation

His failure to be rewarded by McKinley
caused him to become disgusted, and his dee
nunclations of the Administration for ita ihe
gratitude fesued during the past year have
been as frequent avdas pecullarly worded as
were his foriner encomiums,

WOULDN'T BOW 10 UNION LABOR

 

Mayor Hart of Boston Resents Dictation
From Labor Organizations.

Boston, Jan. 12,—Mayor Hart this afternooa

gave representatives of the two principal labor

| organizations in the elty to understand that

he intended to run munieipal aflairs for
| the benefit of all the cettizens and not
any one ade, and that he did

He then shot himself in the abdomen, |

 

 

ret at present need advice from any labor or
other organizat ou as to what was the best
inethod of cond. ‘ting the various olty depart
monte. Late this afternoon a delegation of
fifteen men from the labor organizations e
atthe City Ha to see the Mayor on importan'
business, they eaid,
The conference opened with ‘aleng dissertae
tion from one of the delegation on the best
plan toconductthe dopartmente with reference
to the discharging of | members — of
jabor = union The speaker felt that
casea Where discharges were nevessary
rom jack of work or money, non-union mea
should be the firet to go, but the Mayor eourt-
usly repoel that he did not agree with them,
and sald that union men ehould have no
reference in euch eases over non-union men,
H » also topressed upon the delegatio
tuath was pot seeking adviee on muntielpa
affairs and they departed in angry mood. The
two organizations are the most powerful of the
kind in the eity

WAGES ADVANCAKD IN WOOLLEN MILLS

Voluntary Increases by Employers la Ande
over, Haverhill and Salem,

Lawrence, Mass, Deo 12.—The operatives
of the Stevens and Osgood Millaat North Ande

 

   

over, the Marland Mill at Andover and the
Stevens Milla at Haverhill, al! owned by the
Hon. Moses T. Stevens & Sona, will recelve
notice to-morrow, of an advance in wages
of about > per Cent ‘The managers
of the North Andover Mil, owned by
Wilifam Sutton of patem, nottled the eme
ployees this affernoon that (hey were to ree
colve an increase ibout & per eent. also,
jhe aetion of the owners 4 entirely voluntary,
‘and wiiltake effect frou dant. About seveg
) hundred hands are atfeeted by the advance in
the weavice depart of the Stevens mills
Aone apd about one hundred and fifty hands
lareamploye! inSutton’s mil. All the mile

jen goods

manufacture Woo

Wages Raised on the Santa Fe,
Cricaco, dan, 12. =—The Atehison, Tovekaand
Santa Fi Railrond Company has signe! a new

  

Loy erant-
sroounts

eontract wth the traipmen inits omy

ing condnctora and brakemen what

 

actien'ly te Lo per “nt. Increase of wages,
wagreenent wae entered into between Gene
eral Mannger Heary 0) Mudge for theeompany
and J. ¢) Kameay, chief of conductors, and W,

ht. Neott, ehiel of brakemen, on the entire syse
tem

Died 100 Years Old,

Mataways, N. J le. Columbus Drake

fied last night awed 100 years and 1) days,
His death was caused by age. He wae hale
ind hearty unt short time ago. He was
born in Ireland on Jan, 1, IsvQ0, He never

married and for many yours he has lived with
inconly sister who is a maiden Iady hereelf
nearing the century mark

West Point Hotel Burned.

HiGHUAND Fars, Jan, 12.—A fro last nigh$
destroyed O' Flynn's new Woat Voint Hote!, ale

joining the Government reservation. The cous
tenta of the hotel were also destro: |. Lowey
between $7,000 and 85,000; fully buoys

;

ah SS

=