by « Mistake of the
-Choynski I to Sleep a Second After

the Third Round Ended Will Meet Again
While Kid MeCoy. the noted Indiana pugtliat,
was declared a winner over Joe Choynskiof
California, at the end of the third round of
their glove Heht at the Broadway A.C, last
night, amayori's the 5,000 spectators were

 

} not wholly convinced that he was justly
entitled to victory An unfortunate
mistake ly the timekeeper of the club
in the see ond round probably suved MeCoy
from belng put to sleep, The Kid) had been
knocked down four times, and as the referee
eounted t! heeeondon the fourth down

the timekevper rang his bell in such a manner
that it made ove yoody believe that the Mahe
was over. As the referee had not co inted out
MeCoy and vs he alore had the privilege of
doing go, It would seem that he bad no right
to ring the bell, Whether MeCoy was down
more than ten or not by the
watch f@ a question that will never
be decided to the satisfaction of every one,
Choynskt's timekeejer declared that MeCoy

seconds

was down twelve seconds, MeCoy's time-
keoper eald that only nina seconds had
' elapsed, while Referees John White was posi-

tive thatas he wade the tenth count MeCoy waa
on his feet. Assit was the ringing ol the bell
cut forty sesonds «file round

At the end of the third round asthe be! rang
MeCoy landed aright hook on the jaw, which
appareatly knocked Choynski out, It looked
as ifthe tiow landed a second after the gong,

and) =  Choynsh seconds, together with

| many ol the spectators were almost
positive that a foul had been com.

} mitted, Chovnski was in sueh a& eons

@ition that he could not continue when called

j
4 i} upon for the fourth round, and bis seeonds |
| thereupon throwupthe sponge. Tt was aucha
| mix-apall around that the oMetals of the elub
" concluded thit an oyplination was necessary,

}

Wh made the following state.

fo Referee

 

 

 

 
   

i ment tothe reporters
| “The fourth tine MeCoy was knocked down
{n the seeon | round | counted the tenth seeond
| as he whe wetti x ul fonse nent v he was
not counted cul and was able toeontinue. In
this elub,asinn others, the referee has the
; power to count a puis st out, He does not do
j it with awateh in his hand, but simply tolls off
eT the secon ta ae: goto his own julement
; Therefore, | say 1! the tine .eltper had
no righttoringth is he dil, whieh gave |
the impression that Me was out, When
the bel! sounded TE thought that the round was
up, but at that its ! to meto be too short,
The men hatdwouesott corners and J im-
me lintels hed ‘Torekeoper Dunn what he
" rung the be! for, He no explanation
that Icould hear, then T told him to ring ft}
fib Wignin, Ai first be refused) When he flnaliy dil
i {| ‘gIhg the bell LT ordered tha men to
H | go on, bewius there owas no reason |
k fn my mind why th houll not, At
| . the end of the third round MeCoy started
} a right band hook ist a% the gong
} gounded, Tt hindoda froction of a second after
1 | the bell and knoeked Choisvns tf down, !tis not
i | enstomnry to declare 1 blow afoul uniess
j {t appear tlonal In my estimation
MeCoy didn tuke advantage, Anil
do not know an instance wher a foul has
| | been dee ar t ith acause, Therefore, [
tf i refiusedtoa y¥ the protest of Choynshi's sec.
2 onds and when he failed |) ¢ome up forthe
i ‘fourth round - doctnred MeCoy the winner,
ft] afterwhieh the aj me was thrown into the
4 ring, Ttisan unfortunate state of aa rs, but
Tema blan s+ in the matter.”
The fact? vile €1, $3 and $5 for |
Renta diew int : viltothe doors be-
* fore 7 « ca s *k the house
was overt! «. Both MeCoy and Choynski
| were at nearby resorts waittag to be ealled
The preliv ry beat was short and sweet, |
Danny Duane aid tieoywe Jansen, loeal light-
| weights, were putes fov twelve rounda at 133
pounds, th Jotin White as referee, Jansen
j faaon the Pastime A.C. and his
' friends w it e He got into a hard
i mix up fis s isthe fight began, with the
result that Tuane ontpunch d hin and sent
\ him spinni gtoth rwithaeoup'e of right
} hand swing t heen was counted |
ont t ind t

‘nel mingte and

    

  

  

 
 

 

 

15 se iis
The crowtp ! other “pre-
Tim” and ar Linagor ¢ line eonsente |
He puton PD n vt o' the firat bout,
and Jimmy Mew ero ity, the man to
| GOsixrot area Weights MeKeever was
| much heayiot than Doane and also slower, He
} Waas efauier vith a i o tbe teon |
} the neck beoore the flret Was HAP over
and tie crowd langn -\vely. But MeKee.
ver had streng » recover quiekiy
andrahe ti: Ion parativele goo! trim,
| Duane seemed scurcrised. Yi Keoverwas jarred
Aguid inthe second, bur bh owel flght. In
| the third he male dra row sonte caution
'" Inthe jas! tt ' i Doine put ita over
' his man, but ‘aie floor hin. When the
refereasa | luane iat won, thera were min-
@led cheers ane boots
Terry MeGovern, ¢ now featherweight
champion, held os protracted. re ‘on in one
of the fistes eth wd Walted for the |
etarsof the melt tt & binding dia-
mond ho shoe@inh te and a peacoek
feather in hes rakish derby hat Fally 6,000
yersons Were on honed when of was time for
feCoy and «} kK to put on the gloves
| MecCoy at that? an to Ll favorite and

| even money w
not last m<

 

        

 

 

“Get up, y eer velled to Meliov-
ern ‘uring the vt He om ad speech,
which he sal. that he would spar with Dixon

j Owain atthe fateors lene There were eyies
| for Dixon, but Gi e wos not in evidence
The erowd bowie for fol lL. Sullivan, Cor-

   

 

bett and cher pug tie favorites, but nobody
i appeared in reson)
mong the bet» vile were: Harry Corbett
ald $1,000 to 2 A vi “Honest” Jonn
ellvoffered $1.00 to $2750 on the Kid, but
could find no taker Ti yells for Corbett
nally broucht the ox-champion into view

e sald:

“Lam matehed tolight Jeffries ing March, I

j don’t blame peop suving that L haven'ta

} hance, Butt think [have wehanee. Ll goto

i i kewood to wrow to train and To may sure
Prise sormeofthe w esintheeand”

Then John Lo eot inthe cing and madea plea
for Dixon orlt, sit : lat he would per. |
eonally give F200 Whi he finished Mecoy !
and Choynskiar ret. MeCoy_ was handled

j by Jimmy Deborst, Fra Hart, Homer!
Relby an {Joe balvey. Choynskt was eared for
' by Fred Hu! ws, Owen Ziegler and Dan
; Dougherty. Th ‘ ha Were twenty-five |
j rounds at cateh wei for half the gate re-
; ceipts, Marque of Queensberry rules to

govern.

 

  

 

 

   
    

  

 

man has been
b uprour, by
eorree White ran

and asked him why he had rung th

Jatter tried to explain, t

Tytler

{out

ell,

  
 
  
 

?
2
— —
MCOY’S NARKOW ESCAPE.
wins From yok CHOYNSRE AFTER
i THE PIERCE KOUNDS,

The Kid Saved From an Possible Knookont |
Time-Keoper |

tChoynski would |

nt

The crowd was in
leving that Choynskt had won,
over to i imabeoper Dunn

The
but there was

  
 

   

such a habbub that he could not mak
himself understood. The fighters — ha
gone to thelr corners and MoCoy
seconde were working hard to put him
in shape for the next round, According to un-
oMelal watches 2 minutes and 20 seconds
had elapsed when Duan rang the bell, MeCoy's
timekeeper admitted this, There
offakeand hoots aa the referee and time-
keeper continued toargue, Choynski's seconds
demanded a victory, but were waived off,

fhen 1 minute and 40 seconds had elapsed,
the timekeeper rang the bell for the third
round, and the row temporarily stonped

Third Round =—MeCoy ha’ partio'ly recovered
bythistime and aa Choynskl, who Was very

 

) strong, cameathim full tit, there was a cers
rifle mix-up. Both menswung rigot an. et
forthe heat with the dea of reaching the jaw

 

ne soon as posaitle, MeCoy putina let ewing
toth: neck and Choynaki was knoeked down
Hejun.ped to his feet without taking a count
MeC oy roshed athimn with renewed confidence,
butthe Kid reeeived an uppercut that made
him reel againet the ropes, VeCoy's fice waa
covered with gore and Choynski had a cut

over the eye, They went at t again
{left and right Withou’ a moment's
{Jet up. until Choynaki reenved nis second

knockdown, Joe was strong enough to get up,

HAVANA FISCAT REMOVED,

|

were cres |

|

though. without taking any time and jamped |

| intoaelloch, They wrestled and roughed it
| Into acorner, Both men were very week in @
} moment, because all of their blows were jan.

ing, but Choynski outpunehed bis man and
| soon sentthe Kiddown, MeCoy took ne count,

but, leaping up, went into another mix-up,
The blawe were janded so fast that they
coult not be counted and the crowd
| stool up and shrieked.  Choynski hooked

end both went down In a
his antagonist with him,
nd took nine

a left to the chin
' heap, MeCoy pullin
| The Kid was groveler than ever

seconds, They punched each other ta a lou

  

 

rally until Choynski was sent to the boards
with a awift jabooon the throat. Joe ;
got up without delay, tut dit mot wtecipt to

wettoelose range. The bell ran and perhaps

 

 

  

aAsecond after it Me ‘ov 'anded a right hook
onthe pointe? thejaw whieh felet cChoyneki
like a log. His aeconds picked fim up in|}
| ther arms aad carried him fo his chair
There wereeries of foul because ft was be-
liewed that MeCoy had Intentionally hit his
mon after the gong hal sounded. Choynalkt

remained apparently unconscious while va dns
corner and bis seconds Jodged a protest of
tou! Referre White refused to pry any at-
| tention to it
| The bell rang for the fourth round and the
referes ordered the mento vontinue Chorn-
| ski could not stand up and his second threw
i the sponge. There was an uproar the moment
MeCoy was deciared the winner, There were
| hoote and hisses and aleo cheers, and when

| Chovnski came to and got outot the ring he!

received anovation, The crowd stood around
} for fifteen minutes discussing the affair and
then went out undonutbtediy dissatisfied with
| the result
Metoy's face being battered up worse than
| ever before ip any of his Sights in this ety.
1 Chovnskt did not dally, very long in his
dressing-room and about fifteen minutes afer
| the jorge crowd bad tHled oat of the building
| he entered the offlee of the elub and waited tor
his endo! the puree money. The big Cailfor-
nian did not show any marks to pealcof, Out-
sileofasiight cut under the right Jaw, there
| were no vosible traces that he had been teht-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ling. Referee White, Mieamaker George Cou
(aifine and other oNeials of the cub ‘rea
| present cod were surprised over the indifvers
| ence which Joo displayed regarding the out
} come
| ton't Mame you, Jobe sald Joe, “you
‘are all cight, But tae timekeeper wos wrong,
Avcontin ctothe eihes and tules ol the ring I
{ should have heen Veclared the vietor then and
there, Tfevera man was lieked Met w
| Heahadnochanceafter he got that puneh on
the jaw. Tadd sot been so anxious t would
have sure. finished him but what's the use
j orecying over spilt milk, any way? [don't
| remember striking MeCov after the gone,

 

Bat Tknow he najled me affer tine was up

was partly dazed and was rout to go to my
corner when he copped me. | suppose my see.
ods aid right when they throw up the sponge,
Titadmit Leould pot have toe! the serateh an
time, forthe last pupch [ received put me out
or

 

 

f.

Matchmaker Considine felt plaased over this
statement, and asked Choynski if be would
meetthe Kid again, Joe was only tou glad to
getanother chanee to show bs prowess, sud
signed artic ea to fight Mecoy before the same
eluh oon Feb, 20, fr. encounter will be for
tweniv-flve rounds. Choynskt also ssid that
he had been engaged
his feht with Jim JefYrles

MeCoy spect oniv a few moments tn the of-
flee acd. in company with Billy Muldoon, left
for White Plains The Kid was stilling dazed
con ‘ition and seemed ill at esae. His nose

' was bruised aud both of his eyes were cut

| All he would say was

| “He eopped me niealy all right, and 1 was

| very groggy. Hut] won, and that's ail there ts

tott. I) T committed a foul T don’t recall {t,

| But I know he struck me after he bel) had
eanged To was too confused and eannt

| exactly state whether the Iaat round. was

) lonver than itreal’y should have been, Tam

) satisfied to meet him again.”

PIERSON ASD EDITOR FIGHT,

  

 

| The Parson Got the Beat of It, but Sned for
Damages and Got Six Cente.

) Lockport, N. Y., Jan, 12.—The Rev, Joho A,
| Copeland secured a verdict for ax cents in the
| Supreme Court this afternoon in hia suit for

damages avainst Thomas M. Chapngin, @ itor

of the Tonawanda Herald, Mr. Copeland ts
; A veteran of the Civili War, and is a
short, wiry, {mpulaive person He wie
' formerly pastor of the Universalist Charch
! here, later becoming @ travelling evan-
gelist) During the Bryan campaign he

was hired by the Democratio Conmittee to
make stump speeches, and last fall spoke in
| Obto forthe Democrats, For some months he
held services in Tonawanda, He was ao cused
by Mr. Chapman's paper of needlessly aecus-
fing peovle of Tonawanda in the punt. A

|

 

| sharp controvérsy arose between Chapman's
ehureh and Copeland's chureh, The evidence
showe! that‘at an immense meeting in the
' Tonawanuaa armory, held one Suntay last
| summer, Cha; man walked upto the platform
| and jerked Copeland down, Copeland swore
{ that the defendant exclaimed so that the au

| diene» could hear: “Come offy cur pereb!” and
called him aviie name
Copeland, on eross-cxamination, admitted
' that he had referred to the editer as a vy le
Canadian treestoad, and Chapnian’s ehurch
as “the yellow roadhouse, now doing duty as
achurch, which was, in faet, a vellow dog.
' house”
| ng, Cope

this hand

metinthe Tonswanda Bank buy
, land swore thatthe aditor squeez

      

Ainfully, eailed himavile name and then het
iim over the head with lis es Phe dehting
arson exhibited his hat with broken rin
Vitnesses swore that Copeand did not turr

the other cheek, but tell upon Chaporin, throw
him down and punched him vigorously until
' bystanders pulled the min sater off,
| lustice Hooker charged that # minister had
no right to abuse peopie inthe pu pit wlingil
tle

because of his ministerial oficu aald that
Inthe matter of materia, damaces the com!
ants seemed about even and lett jury to deciaue

if piaintif? deserved anything for injured dig-
nity in view of the circumstances

TAXES PULLMAN

EStATKE HEME,

Appellate Division Suatains Sorrogate as to
Property in This Siate,

 

George M, Pullman, whose will was filed tn
, Chicago, left $774,000 in money and securities
; in this State, No application was made for
| ancillary letters toadminister the estate here
It was appraised by Surrogate Fitzgerald at
$744.11] loss $58,000, which was figured to be
| about the cost of the administration of the es-

 

i . The men announced their weights aa fol- | tate and held liable to the transfer tax, It was
a ne OF Si 8 mnOnnD ne Tees” wlanet | claimed by the testator’s sisters, Helen P, West
Choynsk ied to be stronger, aa far aa) @nd Emma P. Fiuhrer, Mr. Puliman's daugh-
musen velopment went They shook ; tere Florence Lowden and Harriet: Carolan,
handsa lo | that no tax should have been imposed becuse
: First Round MeCoy began with light feints, Re ae left obligations of $800,000 in this
Me oppor shipn ng around lightly await | State.
develonments ov tried ton short lafte | ‘Toe Appellate division of the Supreme Court
an then YeCoy nailed him swiftly on | Sustained the Surrogate yesterday in the min,
the neck with aleft. Joe was staggered, but | but in effect increased thatax by holding that
i he turned ar rushe! the Kid to a corner | the expenses of the administration of the
i where Choy slipped dowr ina hard elinen’ | estate should not be deducted, It says the
' Asthey wot inte the mide ofthe ring MeCoy | mistake was In assuming that the ereditocs
t shot overt left he bead, countering | Should take the assets here, whereas their
' hendon the body with rgnt and left, MeCoy | claim was against the general esiae, which is
was cautions cod made no attempt to hurry, five times greater then tha liabilities. The
m w, hut Whenever <1W an opening fo, | Court concedes that if there had been aneil ary
blows at r eoheopot them in. Chovnaki | @iimipistration here what property was found
rushed to tHheoe doo The round, bat. bere would fret be appiled to pay debts in thie
Met ! ced him ot vertashion, Odds | Stateand then the residue, if any, would te
y of }0ttO 2) were the Teredon the Kid with | seat to swell the general estate, [t did not
‘ po taker appearthatany claims o creditors had been
i j See ond Hound Beth I wite open guards, | pressed here. Ina dissenting opinion Justice
. Choynski star short lefts try ng to fee} | Van Brunt contendsthat the debts should te
} hist jowWed nodisposition | Coneltered in taxing as if there was ancillary
it to mix it, hb Holandedaheavy | @dministration here,
i le BWI ; " \ Kandaflarce mi xeup | Sapa ee eee
' ate we the tn put the vight over | DUSKY ORPIANS NOT WELCOME,
1 tal he it oth Woand MeCoy ced
with e eon ' a ff “i : '
ri a Saar of: nae Ve! eeawan | Neighbors Object to a Peoposed Home tor
| t? rey t ly eaught held | Colored Children in Brooklyn.
\ af ‘. his tant The proposed opening of the Hloward Colored
' y ! hin again and | Juvenile Orphanage ant Kindergarten in the
an th wi w he pat hin | burding on the northeast corner of Sumner
i ‘én fi ie awe ‘i ecd- | avenue and Maeon street, Brooklyn, {8 not
i c anothe; had wetung to his’ fener relished by the residents of the neighborhood,
4 D , Moe he 1 ote get away He | aud itis said measures inay be taken to pre.
. A ha sta vnekKi rush al ant! > ventit. There are no colored people iiving
ri are ut : ithe Kidfor the | witbin several blocks of the bul'ding, but close
F wie ine ! ey ree eounted nine | by is one ofthe Moest residential districts in
, orrot meant ies the Kod regained bis feet | the Twenty-third ward, Phe buliding, whicn is
r os ty ‘ t took obe at over  Choynski) @ three-story and basement atructure with
‘ ant a a Twa around M, ‘ring, MeCoy | a laree yard on the Macon” arrest. siia
\, & 4: ng em Wet sheration, bur with} has been ouneecuped = for some tine
poe Fenerh » Another \ int belron the A rich white woman, whose name has not
; aay oe di ! “ } Hh 4 jeree tarred to count bean dise o-ed, some mouths “eo rented it
and landed ea 4 . 'y Was on his feet | foraterm of years from Mr. F. Heisenger, the
, aus tes a oeht wor Choynsktl's head | owner, and hus been fitting it up for use as a
, aoe en the tivekoeper rang the bel a half. | colored orphanage, Her object, it ia aid, is a
times, whieh he Ustil sicnal that @ | purely charitalie one, The in-titution wil not

| In any way be connected with the Howard Col.
ored Orphan Asylum. The adjacent property
holders were consulting last n git aa to how
they could have the
elsewhere,

Both men were severely punished, |

totrain Jim Corbett for +

, elpitates the

The day following Chapman and Copeland |

| resigned the Pre

1 yudicial

 

 

GEN, WOOD DISMISSES THE CHIEF
CUBAN PROSECUTOR,
Moran's Course ta the Cnatome Cases the

  

of Hie Downfall—Other Derelic-

tlone Charged Againat Him—Disinfection

ns & Means of Fighting Yellow Fever.
‘pectal Cahle Desnatoh to The Sus,

Havana, Jan, 12.—Foderico Mora, Fiseal of
the Supreme Court and chief of ail the fiscale
ntheteoodo male a blun ter when he pubes
lished his letter calling upon the Supreme
Court to protest against allowing the wishes
of Collectorot Customs Bliss to govern the
lower courts inthe matter of the trial of the
men accused of defrauding the customs, To-
day he was d'smissed from offve by Governor-
Geners! Wood in abrupt fashion.

Sejor Mora’ unwise and unwarran'ed letter
was not the sole reason of his dismisual. The |
letter was merely the final act of a series by |
which he deliberately sought to thwart the |
Government, of which he was asworn member, |
and wasthe elimax of his career of inactivity |
as Fiscal, The resultof his investigation of }
the prison and courte showed Gen, Wood
exyetly bow derelict Sefor Mora had been,

| Mora was the chief prosecuting officer of the |

{sland and it was his duty todiapose of the cases |
pen ‘ing before the courts, Hs male no ate |
tempt to do this. Instead, for grand stand
purposes. he tried farther to vitiate the alraady
rotten judi¢al system by making publie
without previous conseltation with Gen, Wood
ehorg*s axainst Col. Dliss,

When the customs enaes arose, Inatead of en-
Cevworing to faci'late tio trials and to secure
apeety justice he buetcd himself with hunting
np old statutes for the purpose of blocking
the prosecution, although he was the ehtef |
prosecuting officer of the is!and. Taking ad- |
vantave of what he cone! fered an opportunity |
to gela little credit for uphold'ng the civil as
azainst the milftary authority, he rushed {nto
print with misleading assertions concerning
Col, Blise’s attitude {nstead of conferring with
Gen, Wood, Gen, Wood made up his mind that
the best thing to do was ‘to out his official |
careershort. He sent for him this morning, |
No details of thelr luterview have been made ,
public, but before Sefior Mora left Gen, Wood
handed him the following: |

“Federico Mora, Fiseal of the Supreme Court,
ia hereby removed from offiee for the good of |

‘
\
|
|

the public service. This removal ta the result
of an investigation into the conditions existing
in the
supervision.’

aiministration

of justice under his

 

The order will bea published to-morrow
through the military channels, The fact of
Seftor Mora’s removal is not generally known
in Havana, The /iseusion is the only paper |
that has hoard of it. It simply prints the fact !
and pr uzalast the removal without |
nowilne onything of the eircumstances cause

leats

 

ing it, Vreyre Andrade, a member of the Au-
Viencla, is montioned as Sefior Mora’s sue.
segsor, Whoover geta the place will hava

'
'
'
!
|
i
abe jol before him. Gen. Wood will exercise |
the greatest care tn the selection of a new \
fiseal, as upon him will depend largely the |
carry ng out of the court reforms that are to be
inatituted. The present corruption in tha |
ystem, civil and eriminal, is appalling.
Partial justice can be cone to the victims of the
oriminal branch by par lon, but nothing ean be |
done to remedy the past Injustice of the civil |
yourts, Sefior Mora nad the opportunity to
cooperate with the advocates of reform, hut he
faiedtotake advantoge of it. His suceessor
wi) be another sort of man.
WA recent statement that every house tn |
Havana had been disinfected to prevent the |
spread o! yellow fever is denied by Gen, Lad-
low and Chief Sanitary Of_eer Davis, They |
say that only 6.900 honses in the lower part of
the ofty. the soecalled infected district, have |
been disinfected. They argue that it ta
Improper to say the@ disinfection has failed to ,
kill the garms of the d’sease because every
house in the elty has not been diatnfeeted,
They admit, however, that It {9 nevessary to
disinfect again the infected quartor. and prep-
Arations are now being made to go over the
8.000 houses a second time, Many physieians
here assert (hat there isno hope of killing the
disease Ly this method, Untill a week agoa
solution of corrosive sublimate in rhe propor.
tions of 1 to 10,000 was usel for disinfecting
purposes, This solution was so weak thata
person coull drink it without danger of beirg
poisoned. This error is said to have been cor.
rected and the sanitary oMfleers are now using
alto 3 Osotution, Icts fur her asserted that
the I'me In the waterand ia the kalsomine pre-
‘ury in the corrosive aublie
mute, forming 4 ye.low powder whch is harm- |

ner

less to the germs

i

Walle the statement of Gen, Ludlow and his |
dovtors that the hous disinfection has been |
successful is denied by other authorities, |

American, it isa fact that a creat
deal has been cone tn the way of sanitation
here, The general ity hrs greatly de- |
creased, and much credit attaches tothe De. ,
partment of Hay The lust

Cuban and

  
     

na in Consequence,

   

 

opinion here fs that, while disiufeetion and |
fschvtion are great helys, they alone will never |
eradicate yellow fever, The opinion in favor |
of a commission composed of Cubans and
Americans to stu'y the pathogenesis |
of the ieenusea til as strong as |
ever. Clinfeal observations are piling up, but |
are of no ass stance, as the Southern States
furnished suffeventevitence of (hia kind, The |
fever is now declining. There are only nine |
eases in the hospital to-day }
efor bul. Estevez, Secretary of Justice, has |

tdeney of the Municipal Cone |

‘vention of the National party as being incom. |

patible with his Government oftes

WOOLLEY STILL CHAIRMAN,

Hudson County Republican Kickers Fatled

The Hudson eounty, N. J, Republican

| County Committee held [ts annual meeting

Orphanage established | through associativo with
A who use Jts columns,

last night in Lineoin Hall, Jersey City, Nearly
all the S05 members weve present, as it was
undertood that a determined effort, led by )
Joho J. Ervin, who was defeated for Sheriff |
lnst fall. wou'd be nade to overthrow the pres-

e vt offeers, There were two tickets in the |
fleld. The opposition was particularly anxious
to defeat Assistant Postmaster Ldward W.

Woolley, who has been chairman for several
yeurs

the regular ticket was: Edward W, Wool-
ley for Chairman, Pavel Metice and Edwin
Cadmus for Vice-Presidents, Frank T. Loeck-
wood for Secretary, E M. Martin for Aaaistant
Seerclary, Michael Senuitze for Preasurer and
Albert Biake for Sergeant-at-Arms }

The opposition teket was Alderman George |
W. Deck for Chairman, Fiavel McGee and
TM. Tenbroecs for View-Presidents, John J. |
Erwin for Seeretary, Philip Oaudt for Aasiat-
ant Secretary, Michael sehultze for Treasurer |
and Joseph fake ior Sergeant-at-Arina

Lhe opposition teket developed more nome
than strength and the regular ticket was
elecred by a large majority, The Executive
Com H ttoe presented its reportand in closing
it si

“The year we are eotering upon will be one
groat of import to our party and to the whole
eoun ry, All ourenergy and abliity are required
to support the principles we stand for, Let ua,

|
|
!
to Unsent Him, |
|
|
i
'

 

 

 

 

therefore, resolve mora ftlreniy than aver to
) nt a solld front, standing shou'der to
shoulder, Let our motto be ‘Protection to
Amerean Jabor, sound money and Willlam

MeRinley for commander-in-chief,!”
INSURANEE
Travelers’ of Hartford Considering the Ad-
visability of Coming to New York.
Hartrorp, Conn,, Jan, 12.—A committee of
the direetors of the Travelers’ Insurance Com-

pany, whieh his a eapita! of $1,000,000 and is ,
one of the strongest fe and vecident insurance |
|
|
j
|
|

|
'
|
COMPANY May wore, |

companies in the world, is considering the
advisabil.ty of moving the convern to New York
city. This is due tothe fact that the courts of
the State decided against the company in {ta ap-
peal from the ruling of the Board of Tax
Assessors of Hartford in the assessment of ite
real oscate,
tir treat :
never Deen ol any great aid tothe eompany.
The lose to the cliy by its removal would be
guvere, |

Presider! Batterson alleges un-
ntan? aays that Covneetiout bas

 

The Expression of Contentment

worn by_a SUN reader may be traced totwo
things~first, to the fact that he reads that
paper; avcond, to the prosperity he enjoys |

putable advortusers |

, to thelradvantage hereafter to ee

i buy no

\ late hour jast night hat not suce

| Luzon south of Montla

: tor

; man, Twenty-fourth Infantry;

fendant, which is avivie body,
} Court saya:

' resulto’ the uae

j born April 21,1805, _

HUNTING FOR THK CAMERA MONSTER,

 

In the City, but Where, the Retall Dealers
Can't Find Out.

The retail dealers in cameras and photo-
graphio materials wore in a more or less dis-
turbed condition of mind yesterday, An ap-
parently well authenticated rumor had gone
abroad in the trade that the princ pal mein-
bers of the “Camera Trust” were holding
a meeting inthis city, The retailers couldn't
understand why the members of the trust
sbould come to this eityto hold their meeting
when the most o; them live In Rochester, uo
leas the meoting was to offect the retail trate
of New York, particularily, It was understood
that the conference was being heid ai the Ho}
land House bat the names of none of the men.

 

   
  

|

|

bers of the trust was on the Holland House reg |

later yesterday, nor were they to be found
the Waldorf-Astoria, or any other hotel in the

neighborhood,
The “Cameta Trust,” as it is called, is
made up of five or six of the manufaet-

urers of the beat known cameras and sensi+
tized plates, Alms and papers on the market.

at!

It became aggressive recently when the pres!

oo one lineof cameras that had been held up
with remarkrble strictness were cut one-third,
t was supposed thatthis cut in prices would
yreak the strength ofthe manutacturerethat
had remained oitside of the combination Ou
tiie rey it seemed to wive them new
strength nh the closiug weeks» of last year
actreular letter was sent to the New York re-
tallurs intimating that the practices obtains
ingamong many of thom of making up ther
own developers and toning solutions was uct

   

  
 

pleasing to the Rochester om ina.
tion, Tho retailers, apparently, organ zd
fto reset any effort ote make them
sep rnapufacturing their own solutions, for
& letter Was hent lo coejestur in the nanie of

all the retailers In New dork cliy sayiuce that
they woud ses.at to the last diteh any effort i
force thous to deal oniv in the ecombination's

  

Chemical solutions, The New re Cine ta
market is the pise of Coe hosiness if
the whole work! tp that tine. The Rochester

eambination quickly receded from its propos
sition about developers,

Meanwhile,+the retail deaters in this city
have bee, inade to under tand that tt will be
no cea
made by manulacturers outside the coubiaa-
tlon, unless those cameras and other goods
were inthe bands of the dealer on Jan 1,
1000, Ta other words, the dealers must
more outside goods. In order that
the dealers moy compete su fully
with outside manul icturers whomake cameras
at ‘esa than combination prices, one line of
ecamerss has been putin the deviars’ hands by

 

   

the trust on which the price may be cut indis. |
the price of j

criminately. even to leas tnan
menufacoire. ‘he retailers, ay a consequence,
are aivertising this line of cameras with great
unanimity

The outsiders, the retailers say, have not or-
ganized, but they are beginning to see the ad-
vantage of acting in concert, and, as one dealer

eras |

1 ent 4

put it yesterday, it will soon be adv sable for |

every retailer (oopen two stores, Under dif

 

ferent names h ean handie the och
ester combination’a producta in one,
ani the opposition products in the
, other, an! thus secure the advantage of
the cut rates that both sides will offer The
retailers are inclined to believe that the
mysterious meeting whieh they say is going

on somewhere inth»s etiy is being held for the
purpese of calling the retail dealers into con-
sultation, either separately or as a tody, for
the furtheranee of the Roehestercombination'’s
interest. They spent a good deal of time
re.terday trving to find ounce where thee
nation Wie an’ what it was upto, put uptloa
eded

 

  

 

 

FIGHTING SOUTH OF M4NIL4,

Cavite Province Clearad of Ineurzents—
Gen, Riseall Captured,
Waskinaton, Jan, 12.—-Gen, Otis thia morn-
ing cabled the War Depariment an account of
the continuation of operations in the island of
The despatch fol-

 

lows:

'a

PAYN THINKS HELL WIN,

HIS FRIENDS MES AT GRAND UNION
HOTEL LAST NIGHT,

 

 

Gov. Roosevelt, on the Othor Hand, May
Have Somethi « Up His Sleeve That
Will Warrant the Kemoval of the Super-
Intendent of Inaurance--A Pretty Fight.

Tre Sun sald a week ago concerning the
controversy as to the retention of Superintend-
ent Payn of the Insurance Department at
Albany, that it would take a number of days in
Which to oseertain the true developments of
the situation. Mean'ime, any amount of gossip
forand against Mr. ayn an! friendly and other-
Wise to Mr, Roos: velthas been printed, This was
the natural situation pending the outcome of
sucha determined fight. It is not always ad.
Vieable, it waa said, ina campaign of this char
actor to aeeeptthe statements for and ogatnet
those directly Interested, It ts alwnys advisa-
ble, twas said last night, to regard the situa-
thon from an Impersonal standpoint
“it was said alter certain conferences
which Mr. Payvn hell in hla rooms at the
Grand Union Hotel Inst night, that from the
Present outlook Coy, Roosevelt's proposed
nomination of Mr. Saxton and eventually of

eo

ex-Senator Myer Nussbaum of Albany may
fall of confirmation in the upper house at
Albany,

Gov. Roosevelt, It was instated, however,

does not propose to he deferted in hia efforts
torupplant Mr. Payn !f be, the Goveruor, can
sea his way clear to attain his end, Gov,
Roosevelt's 'rends said lost night that
if necessary he would eventually bring to
the attention of the Senate at \ibany
certain mations hitherto unprinted and which
may havea bearing onthe ease, Supt, Payn
has told his frlend. that it was not everything
in lifete hold his place in the State of New
York, and Goy. Roosevelt, it was made plain
last night, does mot intend to have auy subor-
donate memberof his stalldefy him withouta
full uodersianding of the situation,

It hus always been supposed that the oreu-
pant of the Gubernatorial chair in the second
year of his administration is looking seven

ways for Sunday for a renomination;
that le does not eare to offend in-
flnential persons who may be fae

tors in promulgsting a Governor's political
earcver, Gov. Roosevelt,on the other hand, it
was said last night, will tarn out to be a differ.
tof person, for the reason that he be-
that he should have bis own Superin-
of Insurance, that there are as
good Nepublieans as ‘Vr. Payn of whiehto make
Superintendents Insurance, and yet the
opinion was expressed last night by those who
have watehed this eise carefully that at the
first blush Mr. Payu ie a winner !n the contest,

It will take some time, it was sald, to ascer-
thow {teomes about that Mr. Payn's
tricunds at Albany are temporarily
d to offset the will of such a de-
Governor as the Hon. Theodore

lever

ten lent

of

 

talr
polula
permitt:

termined
Roosevelt.

SLATER MEANS 10 WIN,

He and His Republican Friends Working
Hard in the 3ist—Registration To-day.
The Republican campaign workers {n the

Thi-ty-flrst Assembly district have been busy

{week hustling around and urging the Res

publican voters to go to the registration places

toeday and make sure that their names are

/ proper.yon the list for the special election for

“Continued operations of Bates's command |

south of Manila, The Thirty-seventh
Thirty-ninth Reyiments lett
manded by Bu lard, on Jan. 1
two battalions of the Thirty-ninth,  at-
tacked a foree of insurgents in the vicinity,

and

Calamba, come |
Bullard, with |

2%. To-day
and the
given for

Assemblyman to be held on Jan
is the only registration day
only opportunity that will be
registration, Voters who have

oe

moved into.

| the district since the last e eetion, and those '

driving the enemy and capturing the town of

Cabayu. On the following day he captured

Binange. The enemy's joss was thirty killed, a.

‘large number wounded and twenty prisoners

aud rifles captured; our casualties three men
slightly wounded, On Jan, 3, Boyd, with three
companies of the Thirty-seventh, captured
Gen, Riseall, with ofcial pavers and property,
threa m east of Lose Banos, On Jan. 4,
Lone, with acetachment of the Thirty-ninth
att.cked the fnaurgents at Carmona ‘The
eneiny had twenty-five killed; there were no
Casnaities on our side. On Jan. % Bullard,
with portious of the Thirty -saventh and
Thirty-nine’ Regiments, attacked the enemy
south of Calamba. whom he drove beyond

  

 

Sinto Tomas, killing tiventy-four and captur- |
ing articery; our easualties one private killed,
ent

Petite of the Thirte-
ninth slight y_ owe 1 On Jan. 11, ‘heat.
ham of the Thir ‘venth, with 108 men
supported by artillery, attueked the insurgents
two miles wast of Santo Tomas, driving them
from that seetion We had no casualties
“Sehwan's column, consisting ofa squadron
of the Fourth an tone of the Fleventh Cavalry,
the Thirtieth and Forty-sixth Infantry and six
Nordenfeldt guns under Capt. Van Dusen,
aeized Binany, Silang, Indang and Naig, scat-
ter!ng the enemy, who were severely punished
“Wheaton’s colomn—three troona of the
F'eventh Cavalry, the Fourth, Twe ty-elghth,
Thirty-eighth and Forty-fith Hegiments, ‘s-
and Kenley's Batteriea—has driven the
enemy from wlimportant points north of the
Silang line. He had heavy fighting and cen.
tured conaiderable public property, inflicting
heavy joss npon and seatte ring the enomy

Capt Baker and Li

  

 

    

“Sehwan's column is now moving in
northern Ratingersin a southerly «direetion
All Cavite provinee is occupied by Wheaton'a

command, There tna been heavy loss to the
eneniy during the week in men. ordnance and

| other property, Allour operations have been

very successful,’

Transport Tartar Sails for Manitna,
Wastisatos, Janu. 12.-Gen, Shafter to-day
telegraphed the War Departinent annonuvelng
the departure of the transport Tartar for Man-
iia. Among the passengers. were Col, Freo-
y; Capts
seventeenth, and Krorastad, Forty-second
fantry; First-Lieuts. Ryan, For eth, and Cord.
ray, Seventeenth Infantry; Asst, Surgeon Pur-

 

i nell, borty-elghth Intantry: Ac nigeAsnt
Surgeons Story, Cathoun, Titus and Poarl;
two female nurses; Post Quarternuaster-Sorgt
Gillespie: © Bianal Corps me GS) Hospital

 

Corpa mens 0 ents nof Forty-eighth In-
f.ntry, 80 cagnids and 10 reernits

DISPUTE

vin

OFFER

NAME SETTLED,

Decision in Favor of the Older Soctety of
the War of 1812.

The deolsion rendered by the lower court on
the application of The Society of the War of
1812, enjoining The Society of the War of
1812 of the State of New York from using its
name, has heen affirmed by the Appel-
jate «Division of the Supreme Court,
The purposes of both societies are
large'y the same, to commemornte the Warf
TSlZand to preserve records of it. ‘The plain-
tiff waa incorporated in 1l-2in this State and
the defendant in 184, also inthis State, afer
receiving permission from the General Society
ofthe Warof 1812, # voluntary association of
Pennsylvania. The delendant contented that,
os the plaintiff society had unite with
Veteran Corpac! Artiieryin Ik Sand wearaa

i gan zation dso | *
uniform, It is @ military organization, and so | A Number of Natives Killed and Fourteen

could readily be distinguished from the de
The Appellate

 

“Wethink itis quite pain that the necessary
by different corporstions of
Names so noatly identical is to produce cons

| ofthe acts underthe Vrimury

Howe, |
In- |

the |

fusion in the conduct of thelr business. The
plaintiff has the priority of right to the use of
the words constitating its corporate title, The;

Cefendunt bas assumed the axme name, merely
adding as pert of ita techn-ecal designation
words which aro deseriptive of the plaintilf
with re.pect to ita status both in law end in
fact as a corpor ition of the State of New York.”

Sixteen Families Scared by a Smoky lire,

There was a fire In the cellar of the fives
story tenement at 1720) beeond avenue last
n'ght and two ularmswere sentin. “‘here was
much smoke tut ittle fre. The sixteen
fam‘ties in the house erowded out on the fre
escapes, and several persona were carried to
the ground by the firemen The others ware
able totake care of theinselves. The danage
was alight.

Dr. James Mortinean Dead,

Spret.) Cable Lespa'e) ta Tak Sus
Lonpox, Jan, 12.— Dr. James Martinean,
D.C. L., LL. D,, D. D., died yesterday. He was

Dr. Martineau was a younger brother of
Harriet Martineau, After several yeara’ ser-
vies asp aciergyinan in Dublin and Liverpool

e was appol ted Professor of Mental and
Moral Philosophy in Manoreater New College
in 1840 He was che author of many philosoph-
eal and theological works and a volume of
hymna.

Venezuelan Bank Trouble Settled,
/peeral able Le patch to Tar Sc,
Canacas, Venezuela, Jan. 12—The difficulty
between the Government and the Bank of
Venesuela has been satisfactorily settled,

 

who have ehaunged their reatdences from one
eection district to another are entitled to have
their names put upon the lists properly ao that
th-yean vote. When the registration is come
pleted, ex-Assemblyman Samuel 8 Slater, the

Republican candidate, will begin a campaign |

of education which will not end until the last

vote is cast.

Mr. Slater has Qiready made two house-to-
hoose canvasses of the district and he Is pretty
well known to the Republicans and Democrats
alike. Hesaid jast night that he inten led to
shake hands with every voter in the district
between now aod e'eetion day if it were posai-
ble The Hon. Miao ©. Croft, leader of the Re-
publiennsin the distriet has got his Neutenants
out in every elevtion district, making personal
appeal'sto the Kepubliean voters to turn out
idelect Mr. Slater Mr Croft anya that all
1 8s necessary to insure Republican ane.
Coss in the district {s that the Republicans
shail get out an dt vote

Because he ou
tervoned b tween the ssuan eof the Governe
or’s proclamation calling the special e.ection
and the date on whch it is to be held some
Question aroke as to the legality of oertain
aw. In order

question asto
Gov. HKoosavelt

 

 

 

 

that there stall be oo peasible
the legality of the nomination
a ut an emergency tiessage

uier of holidays which in- | company celebrat dthoir hirtidas yesterday,

| Feb. 24.

rthe Legislature |

this week and had it pass alaw legalizing the |

nomination

 

BOTH CANDIDATIS RETIRE,

Harmony of the Republican Club Not toe
Be Disturbed at This Time,

As the resuct of representations mi de by the
oflig:rs and influen’ial mem ers of the Repub-
i) Clubto the friends of John Sabine Smith
aA. bo Miteheock, who were candidates for
membership in the Lxecutive Committee for
five yours, both of them have consented
withdraw fromthe contest. Thelr decision was
made public inthe folowing letter, which was
given out last night at the Republican Club;

DwaAK Mak. Pirsipeny, We,the undersigned,
having been ner nated for (he same position
on the Executive Committers of the elub, it
has been ente’ to ous by the Build-
we Conmayt that # contest at this
time might omperl the project of a new
clinbouse, and also engender ill will between
some of our inembers at atime when all should

  
 
   

 

   

eodeaver to promote good fellowship. do
hereby wrhds ow our ies from betore the
eub for sad office, ond re-peetfudy deehne
the said howinatven, and request that you

no Dodets be east or counted for us
Kespeettuliy,

JoWN SABINE SMITH,
J, PF. Hirencoer.

The withdrawals are largely due tothe fact
that the Republican Club contemplates buying
alotand patting up # handsome clubhouse,
It was thongat thar this would be very diMenit
ithe ocwanization Was split: by @ row over its
Officers, Mr Smith was nominated by tha reg.
ular nominating committee. Mr. Hitcheock
was put ay to oppose. him by twenty-seven
members ofthe cub, among whom was Wilbur
Fk. Wakeman, Appraiser of the Port, | Mr,
Smith s friends allege that Mr, Wakeman was

direct that
at the coming election,

| during the present season,
début this afternoon as Don.Jose n

to !

| the charges and will only be

at the bottom of the fightagainst him, and that |

it was al’ ue to personal feeling on the part of
the Appraser. Mr. Wakeman said that Me.
Smith's conduct in the club was responsib.e
for the opposition,

 

PARTH QUAKE IN SUMATRA,

Villiges Destroyed,
fpetol Calle Deapatch to Tar Sew
AMSTERDAM, Jun 12.—There was an earth-

‘the hands of the Pos’ OMee

quake in Malembang, a Dutch provinea in the ,

island of Sumatra, on Jan, 5
lages were destroved and uineteen natives
were killed. Many houses were wrecked, At
Benooolen, on the weat coast of Sumatra, two
persons were killed and five injured,

 

 

“‘ Experience is the
Best Teacher.”

The experience of millions has demon-
strated that Hood's Sarsaparilia ts the
perfect remedy for all troubles of the
blood, stomach, nerves, bowels, liver and
kidneys, and that it imparts strength,
wigor and vitality. Every testimonial is
the voice of experience to you.

General Debility — ‘‘ / have taken
Hood’s Sarsaparilla for general debility
with marvelous effect. My blood is pure
and I feel better and stronger.”” Frederich
Reeb, 93 Herkimer St., Albany, N. Y.

Do not take any substitute when you
call for Hood’s Sarsaparilla. Remember

dloods S

Never? Disappoints

 
   

Fourteen vile |

    
    
  

ENO’S ‘FR

 

THE EFFECT of ENO S ‘FRUIT SAL na olor

SIM .Y WARVeELiOUS tis fact, VATUAE

Prepare ty J.C. BNO, Lee FRUIT BALT
Woorve lect Bobet Kur &t

SURE OPEL,
*Tanohoaeuser’’ With Van Dyck, Gadskl
and Nordica in the Cast,

“Tannhaeuser,” which stood durtng the Inst
preceding term of opera among the three
worka most frequent’y sung at the Metropol.
tan Opera House, has this year been compelled
to wait until the fourth week of the season for
its first hearing, atvough, the delay wea
due to the sort of circumstances whica
have this season had greater Infloene
than usual in determining the repertoire,
Wagner's opera without M. Vin Deek’s puss
san! performance of the title rove could scarcely

  
 

be thought of while he is a memoerol the come.
pany, aud that valuable factor in sevent repre.
sentations was not availah’e untl! yescerday,
Mme, Gadaki was present tosing hi ,and

with Mmes, Nordiea and Otftyka ond MM. Van
Rooy and Plingon the eements of a notable
perforoance were at hand

Mme, Gadaki's 2iizoheth has been heart in
New York before, although not in che same
surroundings, Last night she sang without
the tendency to ilatness that sometimes mars
her work, and hervoweein “Dieh Theaure Ha le"

 

sounded especially fr <h and lovely an quaity.

the girlish

She sounded effeetively note ol

jubilation and happiness fn this seene
and her acting = later Was appropri-+
ately pathetic = and touching Mime,

Nordica delivered the rather ungrateful scenes
that fallto Venus in admirably masterful and
dramatic tnahion Mile. Olitzaa’s capable
treatqient of the musie of the shepherd was
another feature of e enee ou the feminine
bide of the performance

  

M. Van Dyek's Tonnhkoewser needs no come
mendation now th its histrionle phases, It
Was recornized from the first here as au im-

posiig artistic achievernent, reniarkaubly elo.

quent, imaginative and picturesque tn
every detail. It had all these qualities
Jast night and waine! creater value than
ever from. the tenor's mproveat  voeal
condition, which waa noted on his reanpearance
here this season, His votee cast pighthal
greater resonenee and powerthan it has shown
here before and bie mel odot sinony was
freerthan ‘t hae ever been from the fault

noticed inthe past, It ts oviden
Dyck must have beon sudering last) sear
from an indisposition whic, prevented the full
display of the powers which gained such recog.
nition for him abroad, Tt is agrecsble to find
that he is th's vearable to do himself justioe,
M. Van Rooy'’s Wolfram isan achievement of
familiar excetlence and the beautiful quail yv
enjoyable

  

 

of his voice has never been more
than it was last night. The merits of M,
Plangon's Herman are alao familar
M. Paur condueted ina fashion less satisfy.
ing than on any previous oceasion this year
e took the march in the second act at
a tempo more like thet affected by

conductors who have never teen accepted as
Wagnrrian directors bere rnd th were
other peculiarities in his reading of the score
which made his share in the performance joss
potable than it was in “Die Waikuere” and
“Lohengrin.’

re

Theatrical Notes,

Frederick Edward MeKay has been engaged
as press agent for Koster and Bial’s Muste Hall,

Danie! Frohman will surround FE. AL Bother.
with an excellent cast when that actor makes
his debut as Hamlet at Dalv's in April. Edward
J. Morgan will impersonate the Aing, Virw nia
Harned plea, and William FL Owen
Polonius.

It was decided yesterdayto er! tha run of
“Three Littie Lambs” at the Fi'th \venuson

It will be followed by the engage-
meot of Helena Modjeskain “ Marie Antoin-
ette.” | new historical drama

Av extra matinee of “Wav Down East” will
be given soon esvecially for Christian ministers
from farand near,

The first production of "Broadway to Tokio”
at the New York has been postponed trom
Monday night uati! the following Saturday

Virginia Parl, Mobe le Gillman an) Thomas
RSeabrooke have been engaged for “The
Casino Girl,” @ musieil farce by Harry Bb,

Smith, which is to be produced a: the Casino in

a few weeks

Two of the leaders in the “Miaa Hobhba”

Ann.e Russel) and Cuaries J, och
ception wa civenin honor of the former in
the afternoon by Mis) Frank Bosworth, and
the lattar entertained some friends at supper
after the theatre

wn, A fie

Saleza to Sing This Afternoon, —

Albert Sal4za, who has not been heard gat
wil make his

Carmen,"
frm the indis,oe
prevented his appear-

recovered
fut

He has entirely
aition which has so
ance,

ANONYMOUS LETTER BACK OF ITT,

Mra, Stevena Talks About the Case Againat

the Rev. George L. MacCleiland,

An adjourned ineeting of the Brooklyn
Presbytery will be resuined on Jan, 2.) to dee

termine positively whether the Rev. George L,

| ASimple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Function’ Dorangoments of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alcohohe Bevoriges, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headach , Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn,
Sourness of the Stomach, Const
Bot|s, Feverish Cold, influenza, Thro.t Affections, & Fovers ofall kinds

ERED §
wo

Cer eran ear wee rE ET wk

 

that M. Van |
md

 

  
 
  
 
 
      
   
  
 

UiY SALT’

ipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,

FEPLESS, and FEVERISH CONDITION ie
OWN RO AE DY, and an UNSURPASSED ONE

URS. LONDON ENG by J.C. ENO'S Patent
e Nore Wit reet New Yor

Att Saicas and Exhibitions.

| ————————
Three Important

“ABSOLUTE PUBLIC SALES,
—ANERGAN ART GALLERIES,

| MADISON SQUARE, SOUTH, NEW TORK,

FREE VIEW FREE VIEW
9 until 6. 9 until &

‘Special Evening Views,
| Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday
| next, from 8 until 10 o'clock,
|

The Works of

HENRY MOSLER

and his

Studio Effects

comprisiug

Important Genre Paintings,

Landscape and Marine Subjects,
Antique Furniture and Tapestries,
Apache Indian Costumes & Relics,
Alaskan Trappings and Curiosities,
and other Studio Effects.

| Tobe sold on the evening of Thurse

, day Next, January 18th, at 8 o’Clock,
and afternoon of Friday Next, January
19th, at 2:30 o'clock.

 

|
| ALSO AN

Extraordinary Collection

Antique and Modern

| Japanese and Chinese
Art Objects,

Curios and Textiles

and a number of

ELABORATE BRONZES

Suitable for Garden and Lawn Orne
mentation,

Imported by the firm of
YAMANAKA & CO,, Osana and New York.
To be sold on the afternoon of Tuese

day and Wednesday NEXT, January
16th and 17th, at 2:30 o'clock.

And an Important Collection

of

JAPANESE COLOR PRINTS,

Being the private collections of

BRINKLEY, R.Ac
and
Professor JOSIAH CONDER,

For 25 yeare leading urchitect and instruotor ia the
, Imperial University, Jayen.

To be sold on the evenings of TUES
DAY and WEDNESDAY NEXT, Janue
ary loth and 17th, at 8 o'clock.

THOMAS EB. KIRBY, Auctioneer.
AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers,

|
|
'
|
!
|
| CAPTAIN F.
|

 

MacClelland, foriner pastor of the Immanuel ,
Chureh, shall bea put oon trial, and, if
an affirmative decision ja taken on that |
point, to arrange for the tris! Tha

charges against the Rey, Mr. Maeclland are
that he exaggerated the amount salary
he received from the church in which he had

of

officiated before coming to Brookiyn and that

he tried to wreck the Immanuel Chureh ag
soon as he realized tia: the movement to oust
him from the pastorate was 'kely to be sue.
eessful Mrs Benjamin F. Stevens, one of the
leading members of the [mmanuel Church, ia
his accuser hefore the Prosbyrery, Mra, Stevens
said yesterday, ina long statement in regard
to the trouble:

“Tam perfectiy willing that there should he
an open trial, [ have brougbt th « matter to
ita present {ssue because Twant the world to
be better for my hiving lived inot. Li willbe
worse for Mr. MacClelland than the Preshy-
tery when the facts are wh known, Tf
minister 18 not eunposed tote! the trach, who
in? Agent deal of evidence ia documentary,
an amonymous letter «mong other thinns,
will of course figure in n> small way in the
trial, This amonymous letter has no place in

useadine dence
as bearinwonthe case ‘There are indications
inthis !-tterof iteauthorship Ithas ben on
uthorities for in-
vestigation, and what was diaclosed by them
strengthens our opnion as to who wrote it
Thisamovymons etter is renly the root ol al
the trouh's and myself and my family must be
set right.”

ADIAL FOR GOVIRVOR,

1)
ol

 

Cook County Democrats Mark Him tor
Staughier This Vear.

CHrcago, Jon 12.—Pormeor View -Presitent
Adlal E. Stevenson of Blooiingion, is i!
present chofce of the Cook County Demooretia |
organizationas their purty candidate for ¢
ernor this year Mr, Stevenson will bo soun!
astohia feel ngsin the matter and should b

show signsot herboriagan ambition in ti

 

direction ‘he Cook eounty jeniers 9
loudly deelere that he ooncht to he the
nominesa, Stevenso, would maken good eye
didate in the opinion of the “organ! ati
leaders Although he came. for Bryar
1H, he was nor rahe] si rt of lh tod
and othe; v waries of the Ciocago plat

He cou'd be hat @taa a fellow mate ot py ’

IWtod crowd and woud not be oiler
the “gold” Democrats

(Ol, do WM, WoO Det,
He Established Wood's ‘luseum, Wiel ts

now Daly's Theatre,
Hot SprivGs, Ark. Jan, 12 1. HW. Wood,
the museuin bullder and promotes, theatrion
manager and showman, died bere to-nawht of

| cancerof the face complica.ead with paralysia
| He came here on

Dee, 1h, and had wn

at

) wuaker ateadl!y for the past ren days

(with which topay hia funeral expenses.

ve butltanpamberof mu eins throughout
theconntry, He eatablishe! iily's Theatre in
New Lork under the naine of \Woot'@ Museum
hough at one time well off, he died penniless
ewasamember of the Actors’ Fund Asso.
elation which has been called upon for mone
hie

will be b ried here,

 

 

IF YOU ARE conxpe Cre
A really first-class Furnished Room or Boards
ng House, make its locality kiown through

1
Tag SUN's advertis!
éeok open plaven—a § Coramas, BUN readers

y!

' JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer,
EXECUTOR’S SALE

OIL PAINTINGS

\ BY THE JLATE

| WM. L. PICKNELL.

Born in Boston, 1854; died, 1897. Pupfl
1 of Gerome. Honorable mention, Paris
Salon, 1880, Silver Medal, Boston, 1881,
Gold Medal, Boston, 1484. ‘
Member of the Society of British Artista,
London; Soclety of American Artiste, New
| York, ant National Academy of Design,
Medal, Paris Salon, 1895,
| To be Sold at Auction
| FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 19,
at 83:15 o'clock,
AT THE

Fifth Avenue
Art Galleries,

S66 Fic. Avenue, between Gtth and 85h Sta
EXHIBITION OVENS TO-DAY (Saturday).

PAINTINGS BY MR. PICKNELL

are now owned by the following Public
| Institutions:

    

Tuxenibour, Gallery, Paris, France, Core
poranion of Liverpool, London, Engiand,
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
Boston Museum of Fine Arts. Pennayl-

*hila, Chicago
lustituteof Fine Art, Brook

Vania Academy of Pine Art
Art Museum

iyvn Carnegie Art Gellery, Pittsburg.
Cor oray Avi Giviery, Washington
\isoby a ar number of well knowa

private collew. rs

Mr, sam. P. Avery, Jr, will assist in the
management of the sale,
—_—_—_————

Capt. Wilteocks No Longer Under Arrest:

Capt. Washington Willcocks of Compan
Ninth Regiment, who waa put under miliary
arreston Wednesday night for disobeying aa
order wiven by Col, Morris, haa heen re cated
He hada talk last niwut with tna Coon ny
the armory of the regiment, after woich Co
Moria said; “Lhave relieved Capt, Willcccké
from mjitary arrest and there wiil be ao tar
| Shes proceedings,”