POISONS WITTHAUS FOUND,

INKS S4ME DKUG KILLED MRS,
ADAMS AND BARNET,

 

 

vu

post-Mortem Analyses Showed Traces of
(ynntde of Mercary tn the Organs of
vach- To Mra, Adama Death Came
Quickly Because Potson Was Mixed With
Hromo-Seltzer A New Barnet Letter
Coruish and Mre, Rogers Recalled.

Prof Witthaus, the chemical expert for the

prose ‘lon In the case of Roland B, Molineux,
accused of the murder of Mrs, Katherine J.
Advis was on (he atand nearly all day yoster-
day. When the case adjourned! on Thursday
the testimony of Prof. Witthaus bad been
propred Decanse of the fact that the Recorder
prot tink the prosecution had suffclently
proved (he | fentity of a glass the contents of
which Prof Witthaus had analyzed, as the
ginee fron which Mrs. Adams took the polson
that killed her
made absolute the Recorder directed that
Harry Cornish, who administered the poison
to Wra, Adame, and Mrs, Kogers, Mrs. Adams's
dauchler, Who waa inthe flatatthe time and
whe ater turned the glass over to Detective
Carey, should be recalled,
Beornish was called first at the morning ses-
gion. He swore that he saw Mrs, Adame drink
out ofa glass; that afterward he picked up the
same glass and took a swallow of it wnd put it
back onthe table; that later the glass was
pointed out to him tp the china closet. On
crosa-exaruination, Corntsh admitted that
there were two glasses on the table that had
Hiqaidin them and that he could not swear
positively one way or the other whether the
glass produced in court by Prof. Witthaus was
the giass, although he was very certain that it
wae

Mr. Weake began a question Iike this: "That
morning when you 6ay Mre. Rogers knocked
at your door’

“Stop, stop!” exclaimed the Recorder; “you
must not ask th.s witness any questions of the
kind; you know itis improper. The Court re-
called this witness forthe purpose of refresh-
{ng its recollection of the testimony regarding
Bcertain glass” —

“Dut your Honor,” began Mr, Weeks,——

“T have ruled, Mr. Weeks. I will not listen
to you.”

“Does your Honor refuse to permit me to
ask any questions?”

"Yea, I will not hear you,” sald the Recorder.

Cornish then left the stand and Mrs. Rogers
was called, She said that she -vas very certain
that the glass was the one from which her
fuother had drunk, although she had not seen
hor mother drink, and the glase had been ont
of her possess.on. The Recorder said that the
evidence was sufficient, and he would permit
Prot. Witthaus to testify,

WEW CORNISH LETTER.

But before Prof. Witthaus had a chance to
poke the stand, Mr. Osborne said he had a wit-
pees from Cincinnati who wouldn't take a min-
ute, and in spite of the proteste of the defence
against the interruption of the regular order
of business when another witness wae on the
atand, the Recorder permitted the calling of
Herman H. Witte. Mr. Witte said he was an
attorney-at-law and was assistant to the Chief
of the Detective Bureau of Cincinnati, He
{dentified one of the letters inthe case signed
“A. 8. Cornish” as a letter he had obtained
from the records of the Van Moh! Company in
Cineinuatl. He also identified te exvelope as
anenvelope he had obtained there. Mr. Os-
borne then produced a new letier signed ‘'H.
C. Barnet” and Witte said that he had seen {t in
possession of the Van Mohl Company. This
new letter was dated May 31. 1808, and asked
for five days’ treatment of a remedy the Van
Moh! Company sells. It directed the remedy
to besent to a private letter box in Forty-sev-
oud atreet, this city,

The defence did not cross-examine and Prof.
Witthaus resumed the stand. Prof. Witthaus
testified that he found fn the glass from which

Mra. Adams had drunk the decootion that
killed her a sediment weighing 20% grains;
that of this solution ¥3.37 ver cent. was mercu-
ric cyanide
At thia

   

al

ofnt Mr. Crane, the twelfth juror,
wanted to know {f the blue sediment that Prof,
Witthaus had shown on @ g’ass button was
evidence that the cyanide of mereury that H.
C. Barnet had taken had been made from Prus-
alan blue. Prof, Witthaus said, "No, it doesn’t
have anything todo with that atall. It is no
sign.” Ithad been testified in the case that
Molineux had Prussian blue fn his laboratory
in Newark, and that he used {tin his business

Prof, Witthaus went on and described the

alyses of the various portions of Mra, Adama’s
Body ani! what he found, When he had de-
scribed the matter in detall, he summed it up
by saying that he had found 12.05 grains of
mercuric oy ante all told.
j *What is a fatal dose?” asked one of the
urors.

“Ten grains has caused death,” sald the Pro-
fessor.

Q. From what you found, can you get atthe
Amount of cyanide of mercury that Mra,
Adams must have taken? A, No, that 1s pot

osaible: but she must have taken a much
arger Amount thau the amount | fouud.

Q Much larwer’? A. I should think she cer-
tainly must have taken as much as twenty
grains.
at (By rhe Recorder) Is that a fatal dose?

. Yes, sir,

Having finished lis description of what he
had done, Prof, Witthaus produced a leather
case filled with little bottles, tubes and disks,
The contents of these bortles and these tubes
end Jisks were of ail colors of the rainbow.
Heretofore, on murder trials when exper’ wit-
née-vs Nave been on the stand, there has been
a more or less g:ewaome display of big bottles
containing portions of various organs of

the victim piled upon the cierk a desk,
{n the presence of thea accused, tha
everybody elise. Prof.

jury, the judge antl
Witthaus’s exhibit was much more pleasing to
the eye than usuai, He had probably forty
different vessels and each one contained a por-
tion of the matter he had analyzed at a stage
of the analysis when the production of the
colors shown proved the point that he
Wanted to illustrate, Prof, Witthaus, facing
the jury, described the contents of each hottie
and how he had made it look the way it did,
After this show was over, Mr. Osborne asked
him whether or not be waa prepared to swear
that Mrs. Adams had come to her death by
mercuric cyanide polson. Prof. Witthaus said
thatin his opinion she did, eliminating, how-
ever, the possibility of violent death that might
have oecurre:! before -he polson thac he found
od had a chance to complete ita work. Mr.
Veeks opened his cross-examiuation by aak-
fing. “Your answer does not preclude the pos-
elbility of her having choked to death?”

“No” said the Professor, “it does not.”

WIITHAUS AN RVASIVE WITNESS,

The object of this question was tu give color
he atutement made atthe time, that when
rs Adums was found by the doctor her false
teeth weresluck in her throat and she was
étrangling
l'rof. Witthaus proved to be a very evasive
Witness while under eross-examination by Mr,
Weeks Perhaps he didn’t ntend to be; never-
theless it was almost Impossible to get a direct
answer from him There were qualifications
froundeverything. Mr. Weeks devoted @on-
sidersble time totrying to find out just how
much of the poison Harry Cornish might have
taken, Cornish sal! that he took a swallow of

the stuffiard was sick forthree days, The de-
fence has intimated that he didn’t take any of
the poison, or if he did take some it wasn't
e@nongh ep him siek for three days, Prof,

Witthaus said there was no way of determining
how much of the poison Cornish had taken,
and Mr Weeks finally asked i’ the Professor
eoudn't pease tell Fim how mueh evanide of
mercury there wou'd bein a single swallow of
the soiution that he had analyzed, Prof, Wit-
thausevatled the question by saying that he
wasunab tosay what an ordinary awallow
wi

The Projessor had been a little more explicit
fis testimony regarding the case be-
‘the Coroner's jury, Mr Weeks started to
um whether he had not testified soand so,
} «from the testimony taken theo, The
k ‘order startled overyhody in the court room

 

 
  

 

 

Sith the suddenness of Lie “Stop! ston! Dray.’
-it¢hetactit ' he went on, “of counsel in
thiscase to getin th» record here as evidence

 

Mitterthat was taken in
Mitting Magistrate. ‘This is very reprehen-
Billie Twill notpermit it. The only purpose
als cutely which warrants the prodnetion of

eourt belore @ com.

 

t! ther eva ejathat of contradicting the
: (neas i Will permit its use for that and for
iOThing else '

; Is 1", voue Honor, I was just going to "-—
Ite don't wish to Near any auguments, alr,

LY 1 vou aro doing Wrong, and you know
rai are d % Wrong,”
amtr

: ng to’ began Mr. Weokes, who
Wanted totellthe Recorder that he was try-
{ng to show that the testimony of Prof.

qi ie is‘ efor the Coroner waa not exactly
Hike | *teatinony he waa civing now
stey W.! not listea toany argument,”

sald the Reoorder, leaning forward and get-

® ay redoin the faee and shaking a fin-

MOLINEUKS® GRANDMOTHER DIED OF CON
SUMPIION,

Alter reeosa Prof Witthaus should have

’ boon the stand again, but Mr. Osborne had
by her Witoeas whom he wanted to put injbe-
a heh leome all(tha way from Connecti-
oN The Keoorder acquieaeed, The witness

Ms Joseph Goodwin, Town Clerk of the tuwa

 
   

 

 

|
|

\
| M
}

 

i + ast Hart fond. Br. Osborne wanted to prove
0

y him that ineux's prandmothor on his
mother’s side had died o fonsumption. The
Prosecution inaiste that Molineux filled out

Aadingnosi« blank and sent it to one of the
medical conevrps dealing In remedies auch
asthe Barnet and Cornish letters asked lor,
and that inthis blank he gave a phynical do-
scription of himself, One of the questions in
the Clauk is) “is there consumption or heart
disease in your family?’ The anawer was
‘Yes,consumption.” Molineux's parents, Gen,
olineux and his wife, ace very healthy, atrong-
woking people, 40 the prosecution had to go
back a generation or #9 to make that part of
the deseription tit Molineua, Goodwin tosti-
fed that he had been Town Clerk of East Hart-
Jord for twenty-five years; that he knew Mra,
Harriet Molineux, the moth-r of Molineux, and
that her mother was Mra. Harriet T. Clark, the
wile of George 7, Clark, and the daughter of
qosephine and Harry Solas, who died early in
S00.
Q. i the
Mes. Harriet IT. Clark, the daugnter of Jose-

ilave you the original death certificate of

| vhine and Harry Solas, the mother of the wife

|

To have thia identification !

of Gen, Molineux and the mother of this de-
fendant? A. Ll have

“How in the world can this witness know all
these things’ ’ desmunded Mr. Weeks,

“Kuow ‘ew, declared Mr. Osborne, “Know
‘em, of course he hnows'em; why, he’s the
Town Clerk of Last Hartford,”

It took some time to do it, but at last the
death certificate which Mr. Goodwin brought
with him was let in. It showed that Mra.
Harriet VT. Clark had. died on Dee. 40, LHH5--
to atis,a year or 80 before young Molineux was
born-ond that the cause of her death was
pDhthbiais. She was o0 years old when she died,
The certificate was not signed ‘attending
physician,’ and Mr, Goodwin explained that it
had been made out by the Registrar of hast
Hlartford, Mr, Osborne explaining that
th tegtstrar was also a doctor, The
eerificate was dated Decomber, 1865, and
the date of death was given’ as March
20, 1805. As Mr, Goodwin Jeft the stand,
Mr. Osborne valinly calle, “Will Mr. Jack-
son, the undertaker, Jiease take the stand ¢’
But at this the Reeorder balked: “No,”
he said, “I will not permit it, | have per-
mit ed you to call Witnesses out of their or-
Ger when they are from foreign States, T wall
hot permit you to eall thie witness now.”

Mr, Osborne tried to get in a speech on the
subject, but the hecorder would no: permitit
and Beof, Witthaus resumed tho stand,

WEY DEATH CAMP 80 QUICKLY.

Juror Edgar called attention to @ statement
that Prof, Witthaus had made to the elfect that
persons who died of cyanide of mereury poison
usualiy took from five to ele\en dava in dying,
orrather that that wae the fact in recorded
cases, Mrs. Adams died in a very short time
alter she took the poison. ‘The juror wanted
an explanation. Prof. Witthaus gave it. He
explained that eyanide of mercury contained
two po.sons, hydrocyanic acid and mercury.
Mercury isa slow acting poison und hydvocy-
anic acid is & tauch more active poison, In Mrs.
Adums’s case the cyanide of mercury was
mixed with bromo-seltzer; the bromide in it
acted {na way to release the hydrocyanie acid
from the moerecury, and then that acid, bein
the more active, it got in its work, and kille
Mrs. Adama before the mercury had a chance
todo it, Prof. Witthaus also said that there
was nothing in the patent medicine with which
the cyanide of mercury was mixed in the Bar-
net case that would liberate the hydrocyanio
aojd as there was in the Adams case. .
Continuing his cross-examination, Mr, Weeks
quoted liberally rom Prof. Witthaua’s book on
poisons, and showed that the symptoms in re-
ported vases of cyauide of mercury puisoning
Were not the symptoms in these cases. Prof.
Witthaus admitted that they were pot, but in-
sisted that there was nothing contradictory
in the matter. He explained the differences in
the conditions,

Cailing attention tothe minute amount of
cyanogen found in the analysis of the contents
of Barnet’s body, and reading from Prof, Witt-
haus’s book, Mr. Weeks asked the profeasor
if it was nota fact that cyanogen was not ob-
tained from the bones, hools, horns and hides
of animals. 5
“Not cyanogen,” said Prof. Witthaus, “bat
oyanvgen compound fs."

Q. Butif you were analyzing a substance
which contained cyanogen compound you
would obtain the trace of cyasogen that you
have obtained in the Barnet case, would you
not?’ A. Possibly,

Q. Are there any ptomaines which produce
the reaction ofcyanogen? A. No, i

The traces of cyanogea that Prof, Witthauve
had shown to the jury were so emall aa to be
almost imperceptible. Mr. Wee! s asked the
professor if he would not figure wt how much
of these ulmostim perceptible tracee were Prua-
sian blue and how much cyanogen, The pro-
fessor figured awhile and then sald that out of
OO parts 31 parts were cyanogen,

Next Mr. Weeks asked if it was nota fact that
mercury could be found in a body t{ the person
hadtaken itin amedicinal dors months before,
“Yes, sir,” said Prof Witthaus, “it existe in
the system a long time before and a'ter death.”
At the close of_ his cross-examination, Mr.
Weeks got Prof. Witthaus to say that he was
the treasurer of an institution that haa a vlace
of business in Fourteenth street and which
makes a businesa of furnishing scientific ex-
ports of various kinds; further, that the insti-
(ute sen ls out advertising inatter to prose.
cuting attorneys allover the country, offerin
the services of experts. Mr. Weeks seked |
anybody had checked Prof, Witthuus's work so
that there could be no possibility of a mistake,
and Prot) Witthaus replied: "Ido my work iu
such a manner that an error isan impoasi-

bility.’
There wasa@ laugh {nthe court room. Mr.
Osborne jumped up and said: “Ono question,

professor. Did you find in the liver of Barnet
any bores, hoofs, horus or hides of animals?”
Prof, Witthaus smiled ag he said “No.” The
jurymen looked a bit tired

Q Are you prepared to state that you did not
find the bones, hoofa, horns or hides ofanimals
in any part of Barnet’s body? A. I didn't find
any bones, or hoo!s, or hides of animale.
moi think we have gone far enough,” sald the

ecorder
@' Well, now, Mr. Weeks said” —
‘That will do,” said the peconder.
“Well, ali right,” said Mr. Osborne. “But,
now, Professor, are you prepared to state that
the cyanogen that you foundin Barnet’s body
did not come from the bones, horns, hoofs, or
hides of animals?”
“That will do,” sald the Recorder,
“Oh, well.” said Mr. Osborne, “was that
gy gen you found foreign to the body of
Jarnet?” ;
“It was," sald Prof, Witthaus,

BARNET WAS POISONED.

Mr, Osborne then put a long hypothetical
question to the professor to find out If, in his
opinion, Barnet had died of the cyanide of mer-
oury poison. Prof. Witthaus said that that was
bis opinion. ,
That concluded h's examination, and William
J. Kinsley, the handeritiog expert, who was
one of the firat witnesses for the prosecution
weeks and weeks ago, was recalie’. Mr, Os-
borne got him to identify three new letters
signed “H.C, Barnet” aa in the handwriting of
Molineu x. The letters were passed around to
the jury, were admitted in evidence, and then
the lawyers for the defence had a chance to
look atthem. Molineux himself examined the
letters through a magnifying glass, «nd he
rinned as he talked to Mr. Battie about them,
#he case will go on on Monday morning at
10:30 o'clock.

 

PAPER WAREHOUSE BURNED OUT,

Flames Had It Their Own Way Till a Fire-
boat and Watertower Tackle Them.

Darmstadt & Soott’s five-story paper ware-
house at 184 Water street was burned out
yesterday afternoon, and the fire was so flerea
that three alarms were rung. Entrenched
among the bales of raga and old paper on every
floor the fire resisted successfully the streams
from many small nozzles, an] made headway
from the aecond floor where it started until it
had the whole upper part of the butiding tn its
evntrol,

‘Tt met more than its match, however, when
the fireboat New Yorker appeared and sent
ashore two of her big lines of hose to fead
Watertower 1. With catapult foree the
water tower Stream wisthen projected into tha
building where it chased out the fire and
flooded the floors and ‘eft the hosemen only
the minor points of danger to attack,

The roof ot the building was burned off and
{t was more or leas dainaged from the second
story upward, but none of the floors fell. The
loss on the building was estimated at $15,000
and on stock $10,000,

VERUYBOAT MODEL FOR PARIS,
The Nine-foot Effigy of the Hamburg Mod-

elled by Col. F. A. Stevens.

The trustees of Stevens Institute have de-
cided tosend a model of the Lloboken ferry-
boat Hamburg to the Paris Exposition upon
request of the United States Fair Commission,
The model was designed hy Col_E, A. Stevens
of Castle Point ani cost $1,000, Itis nina feet
long. For several yeara it was on exhibition in
the walting room at the foot of Christopher
street. When the ferry was sold by the
Stevena family Mr. Stevens presented the
modeltothe Institute, Lt was exhibited at the
World's Fair in Chicago.

Killed a Man tn Self-Defenoe Jary Snys,

A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that
Pietro Poiucta, who atabbed Franciseo Siglio
to death in aquarrel in a saloon ati East
114th streaton Jan. 5. acted In self-defence
Coroner Fitzpatrick | scharged the prisoner,
but he was rearrested by order of the Discrict
Attorney as soon as he got outside the court.
room and will Learraignad before a Magistrate
to-day.

An Assistant Surgeon for the 13th Regiment,

Col. David FE. Austen of the Thirteenth Regi-
ment in Brooklyn, has appointed Dr. James P
Walaase Assistant Surgeon with the rank of
Captain in place of Dr. Palonye De Forest, who
has become Surgeon with the rank of Major.

To Cure La Grippe in Two Days.

Take Latative Bromo Quinine Tablets, All drug:
gists retusd the money if it fails tocure, E,W,
Grove’s signature is oa each box, 460.—4de,

  

|

|

THE

ee ee

SUICIDE WAS A BIGAMIST,

 

KNEW HK WAS DISOOVFRED AND
FUARED THE wOLiIcKH,

 

 

Fallerton-Sargent's Story Revealed at a
Chance Meeting at the Morgue—He Had
Deserted Two Wives, and Detectives
Were Hunting Him—His Kody Unclaimed

The man who killed himself with poison on
Thursday at the Fastern Hotel in Whitehall
street, whore he had registered as E. J. Fuller
of Boston, although he told the newsman in
front of the hotel that he was Edward F. Sar-
gent, was identified yesterday by two persons
who saw his body at the Morgue as Edward F,
Bargent, and as Edward F. Fullerton, The
police are satiafied that Sargent,Fuller and Ful-
lerton are one and the same man, and their
accounts with him are recorded an closed
by death, For, ike most persons who find
it expedient to change their names, he
had not kept clear of the patha the police
guard, although he had succeeded for more
than two years in eluding arrest. Hia body
was removed from the Kastern Hotel to the
Morgue on Thursday night. Yesterday aman
anda weman met atthe Alorgue and later the
woman and another man met there, the mect-
{ngs being a surprise to alithree, Each of them
had gone there because in life Sargont-Fullere
Fullerton had crossed their paths and each
recognized him in the newspaper reports of
the Eastern Hotel suicide.

Jono P. Lamerdin of 181 Avenue B, a lawyer,
identified the suicide’s body as that of Edward
F. Fullerton. Mra, Josephine Young Sargent
identified it as that of her husband, Edward F.
Sargent. Loth went from the Morgue to Police
Headquarters, where they toid the stories of
thelr acquaintance with the man who had
ended his tite. Mr. Lamerdin sald:

“L mot Edward F. Fullerton first in May,
1805, He was assoctated with the Zagat drug
people, thon at Fourseenth strevt and Avenue
B. He courted my sister, Anna Grace Lamere
din, and induoed her to consent to a clandess

tine marriage on Dec, 31, 185, They were mar-
ried at the German chureh at Ninth street and
Avenue B, Ihave the certificate of tho mare
riage. They lived after that at Fourteenth
street and Avenue B, aod there a child was
born tothem in November, 1806, On Christe
mas Day of that year word came to my hom
that my sister was ill and that her husband ha
deserted her, | wenttotheir house and took
her home with me, together with the baby,
Ane, 1atane Gied gd following August at
the New York Hoapital.
“I made up my mind to find that fellow.”
(Mr. Lamerdin was very emphatic when he
made thia declaration reperniag Fullerton,
*| met him at Maohattan Beach in August las!
when I was bicycling with my younger sister,
Shesaw him first, and exclaimed, ‘There's
Fullerton.’ He used to be called ‘Doc.’ Ful-
lerton. | followed him to Coney Island, where
he went into Koster’s concert hall on the
Bowery. He was joined there by Josephine
Young (Mra. Josephine Young Sargent), and
after they were seated 1 tapped him on the
snoulderand asked: ‘Can 1 speak to youa
minute?’ Heturned about, trembling Ii ean
aspen ieaf, and said: ‘Yes, certainly.’ He left
his chair and walked over with me to another
partofthe room, We sat down and | aske tf
what he meant by leaving my sister. He said
that that would be all right and that he was
now House Surgeon in the J. Hood Wright
Hospital.
“Let me Interrupt myself here. I learned
before this that Fullerton had forged two
checks, using the name of the Lagat tirm. He
uttered both of them. One was cashed by
saloonkeeper Stark of Twelfth street and
Avenue B, and tue other by another business
man of that neighborhood. [told Fullerton of
my knowledge of these forgeries, For tamily
reasona I tried to prevent his indictment and
wont to see George Gordon Katte, then Assiat-
ant District Attorney in charge ot the indict-
iment bureau of the District Attorney's office.

under the name of Frank Fullerton, While we
talked at Coney [siand he hapled me 4 card
which read: ‘Dr. Edward &. Sargent,’ also
making an appointment with me. said to
him: ‘You're Sargent, now, are you, not Ful-
lerton?’ ;
“He said; ‘That's the name I'm using bow,
“We had afurther talk about my sister, All
I wanted of him was that he should allow the

clared his willingness todo. He wrote me and
called on me alterthat, He dilly-dallyed fora
couple of montis and decamped, I went to the
J, Hood Wright Hospital and found that he
had been employed there, but had gone away.
Knowing that he came from Rochester, N. H.,
I started atter him, but returned alter reach-
ing Berkeley, and | heard nothing more of him
untit last Monday night when L read in the
apers of his arraignment under the name or
Bir ent in the Yorkville police court for dusert-
ing bis bride, Josephine Young Sargent
“[went to the East Twenty-second street
knew about Ful erton-Sargent—that he waa
not ouly @ bixamist but a torger, The ser-
eant sentan officer to Yullerton’s boarding
ougg at 335 Fast Nineteenth street, That
night 1 warched the house with detectives
rom the station, but Fullerton didn’t appear.
Next [ read io to-day’a papers of his suicide,’
Mre. Sargent said that her husband had
threatened to kiii himself. He had told her
that he expected a legacy in March and she
conjectured that he had done away with him-
self in despair of being abie to support her in
the meantime. She had met him by tntroduc-
tion last May, ale said, when ehe wasa cloak
mode) in & Broadway house, and they had been
engaged for several months when they were
married on Nov, 22 last, in the German church
at Fifth street and Avenue B, She had
known him only as Sargent. On the
morning after their marriage he had told
er he was obliged to go to Washington
on business and advised that she wo to her
relatives at Mitdietowa, N.Y., saying "hat he
would come there or send for her soon, She
went to Middletown and heard nothing from
him foreo long that she came back here to
search forhiin. She went to her friend, Grace
Soyder, who lives somewhere on Long Island
and whose interest in Sargent she believed
as a strong one. Her friend tod her that
argent was a nurse at the Sailors’ Snug
Harbor Subseqnent events ted Mrs. Sargent
to the conciusion that her husband received
early information of her quest for him. Alter
locating hin Mra. Sargent began the Yorkville
Court proceedings for desertion, but secured
hia discharge after he was tien tocourt, She
oply wanted him back, she suid.
Afterlearning of the suicide yesterday Mrs,
Sargent we t toSnug Harbor to get her hus-
band’s effecta and got Into the room of another
nurse, Where she helped heraeif to @ valise,a
purse of $21) and an overcoat, under the im-
vression that they were Sargent's, They be-
fonged to Nurse X, who declined to announce
his name when, afer missing his belongings
and hearing of Mra. Sargent’s visit. he arrived
at the Morgue yesterday where he overtook
her. The {ittle misunderstanding was cor-
rected and arrangemente were made for the
restoration of the inisappropriated gooda, but
Nurse X followed Mrs. Sargent to Poliew Head-
uarters, where he found her talking with Mr,
amerdin,
‘Who {is that man?” he asked, with some
asperity,
“Who are your was the ready and pertinent
{uquiry o! the police,

ay Mt they've got my clothes,” oxclaimed X,
upburdening himself of the chief cause of his
worrment. Explanations satisfactory to_all
followed, and X will get bis belongings, The
Coroner has such property aa the suicide left,
It includes a bag, a cont and a watch.
Before Mra. Sargent Jeft headquarters Chief
Devery received this telegram, the contents of
which were made known to her;
Find my sister, Mra, FF Sargent, and notify me

Hold till I come
Mus. 8, H. SawasTacnan,

Muipp.ietown, N.Y, Jan. 12

Mrs. Sargent being al! right there was no
reason for the clerk to interest himself further
in the matter,
Mrs. Sargent remembered the meeting at
Coney Isian| deseribed by Mr. Uamerdin, She
said that Sargent was not at all worried or
nervous on that occasion and that on return.
ing to herafter his talk with Mr. Lamerdin be
hod said: “It's a breach of promise. case,”
She thought, she said, that Sargent had p ver
before been married,
On the record of unexecuted warrants the
police made this entry in red ink after the
name of Frank Fullerton: “Committed sil.
eide, Jan. 12, 100, at the Eastern Hotel; names
given: KJ. Fuller, Cuward F. Sargent; ido).
titled as Bdward F. Fullerton and Edward
Sargent.” The suicide’s body les at tie
voclammed,
A woman about twenty-Tve years old, aceon.
anied by two. older women, went ty the
nreue last nicht an! inquired about Fuller-
ton-Sargent-Fulier's body
“Has his other wife been here yot?” the
young woman asked the Mergue keeper, Ha
explaine! that he had just come on duty and
didn't know ny
The young woman wouldr’t look at the bods,
but the older women dia) They conferred with
ympanion after the Ins;ection and all
aty:ted away. They wouidn't tell their names,
“Don't you wont to elatm the body?" the
Morgue keoper asked the young woman
“No,” she replied, “I'm throigh with him,”
Chorch Doors In Brooklyn Muat Swing
Outward,

ff all right,

Morgu

their

Building Commissioner CGuilfoyle of the
borough of Brooklyn has notiled the ofMeers
of the various churches that all chureh doors

awinging inward must sither be removed or
made to swing outward, Theorder is the re-
sult of an inspectio, made since the recent
fire in St. George's Ky iecopal Church,

 

BOARD AND ACCOMMODATION AS AT
HOME

Ta diMeult to find Ina large city. Such places,
though, are to be iound advertised in Tus
buN,—ddv, ‘

‘

SNE ad annie a

But Fullerton was indicted in January, N07, |

necessary evidence for a divorcee, which he de- ,

SUN, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900,

 

 

Royal Baking Powder never disappoints; never makes sour, soggy
or husky food; never spoils good materials; never leaves lumps
of alkali in the biscuit or cake; always is to be depended upon.

Royal Baking Powder is indispensable to the use of
the cook who makes the finest food.

 

TRUCKS IN FIFTH AVENUE,

BEARING ON ORDINANCE TO Rfo
STRICT TRAFFIC THERE,

 

 

Express Companies aed Truckmen Don’t
Seem to Like the Idea—G. Waldo Smith
Suggests an Ordinance Barring Pleasure
Vehicles — Mr. Guggenheimer’s Plea.

The Council Committee on Streets and High-
ways gavea hearing yesterday on President
Guggenheimer’s proposed ordinance to keep
trucks and delivery wagons off Fifth avenue
from Twenty-ffth to Fifty-ninth streets be-
tween 2 o’olock P. M. and 7 o'vlock P. M., and
atall hours between Fifty-ninth street and
110th stroet. Mr. Guggenheimer made an
elaborate argument in favor of his plan, in
which he quoted from newspaper articles and
personal letters approving it. Mr. Guggen-
beimer sald that there was no question of class
legislation involved, but that the restriction
would be of the greatest benefit to all classes of
the olty'’s population,

“I wish, gentiemen,” he continued, “to con-
tend with all earnestness against the oontinu-

| ance of the present system of non-regulation

| on Fifth avenue. The main question in the

entire matter is this—that there is not room on
Fifth avenue for heavy and light traffle at the
same time. The overwhelming majority of

the people of this city ask for nothing except
the legitimate regulation of this avenue by the |

station and told the sergeant there what | |

Police Department, The donot wish the eity

of New York, of which they are justly proud, to |

be inferior in this respect to the other great
citias of America. They are aware of the fact
that {in Chicago there are sixty-two miles of
streets absolutely restricted to the use of
pleasure vehicles and pedestrians. The united
press of the city of New York advocates sauoh
proposed legislation as would give us asafe
and beautiful avenue. I have during the Inet
two weeks received hundreds of letters from
prominent citizens requesting me to urge
upon the Munieipa! Aasembly the necessity of
passing the resolution in question. This im-
portant matter should be decided, in my opin-
fon, by the people of New York city, and by
them alone. For many years we have con-
tended for the principle of home rule—the
right of managing ourown local affairs with-
out the Intervention of the State Legislature. |

know that we are capable of aelf-government
anithatthe Municipal Assembly, constituted
as itisatthe present moment. believes inthe
propriety of carrying out the wishes of the ma-
jority of the inhabitants of this city. Pubiio
opinion and the press, representing that pub-
lig opinion, demand this change.”

r. Guggenheimer read lJettera from Stern
Brothers, the Key, Howas! Duffleld, Theodore
grelinghuyeen and @x-President John Stewart
of the Truckowners’ Association, all indoreing
the proposed restriction. David W. Milliken,
Jr., representing the Assoctation for the Pre«
servation of Fifth Avenue, and,Wiliiam R. Core
wine, Secretary of the Mershants’ Association,
appeared to speak in behaif of the reatriction,
r. Corwine sali he had been sent by Preai-
dent King and represented the association

“Ld like to ask the gentleman {f the assoel-
ation has ever held » meeting to discuse this
subject,” said G, Waldo Smith, President of
the Wholesale Grocers’ Asanciation, “I'm a
momber of it, but I never heard of sucha
meeting. He represents himself and Mr.
King.”

Mr. Smith, speaking in opposition to the re-
striction, said that he had talked with truck
drivers and car men, allot whom anidthat Fiith

Fast Side could be reached from the ferries
without undue strain on the horses,
sail that the other avenues, on account of their
@rades and the presence of surface and ele.
vated railwaya, wera impracticable for truck-

that makes necessary the trucks which pass
their doors,” said Mr. Smith, “This isaecom-
mercial city. Ifthe trucks are put off Fifth
avenue, for avery one who will be advantaged
fifty will he disalvantaged, Weean't legislate
for tourists. Now [ haveaplan that will do
away withal! thetrouble, Adopt an ordinanee

L. ©. Ledyard, speaking forthe American ix.
press Company, said that great injustice would
ye done to the merchants on the avenue if the
ordinance was adopted. Of Mr Milliken's as-
sociation he said

was organized to flzhtaplan forarallroad in

 

FSTABLISHED 1845.

Ma El

NEW YORK STORE, | BROOKLYN STOKES,
BROADWAY, Broadwis & Redford Ave
COK, JIST SE, ) Facon st & Flatuush Ave,

$45 A small amount—but

one that has great buy-
ing power here these
days:

Overcoats that were $30, 828,

£25 and 820,

Business Suits that were 825,

&22, 820 and $18,

And every garment is the

best we've ever made at its

original price.

Any and all can be fitted.

‘At our New York Store Only.

Special attention to post orders,

BROADWAY, COR, 31ST S7.

“This Fifth Avenue Preservation Association |

‘appeared for Campbell,

| murder in the second degree

avenue was the only route by whieh the upper |

Mr. Smith |

Care must be taken to avoid baki
from alum. Such powders are sol
few cents

cost but a
they spoil

they

wil the cake,

powders made
cheap, because
“f pound. Not only
ut alum is a corro-

sive acid, which taken in food means injury to health,
‘

MOVAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM 8T., NEW YORK.

theavenue. The plan was defeated. Now the
Association seems to exist for the purpose of
getting $10 annually from such res!dents of the
&V¥onus & are willing to give, You will notice
that the ouly suggestions for amendment come
from thom, Probably the association would be
very sorry if thisordinanca went through, for
ft woul have nothing else to live for,”

John B. Sintth, a truck man, warned the com-
mittee not to “set aside a street forfour or five
rich men to drive aroundon.” He sald that the
city was altogether too narrow to allow sucha
thing

“Don't you do ft, gentlemen,” said Mr. Smith,
“not on your lives—vour political lives.”

Charles Steele, representing the Adams Ex-
preas Company, aaid that there were 250 bual-
Ness places and INS residences on the avenue
hetween Twenty-fifth and Eifty-ninth etreeta,
and thatin one day sixty-three of the business
men signed a petition againet the ordinance.
J.T. Dooling, for property owners on Madison
aver.ue, argued that the Municipal Assem bis
had no power to restrict the traffle. Mr. Milll-
ken was allowed to. defend his association
against Mr. Ledyard’a remarks, The com-
mittee did not announce {te decision,

TROUBLES OF BILLY M'GLORY,

 

Three Arrests Becanso Police Can't See
Through the Windows of His Place.

Frank J. Campbell, who holds the liquor tax
certificate on Billy MeGlory's saloon and musio
ballin Weat Fifty-ninth atreet, hie bartender,
Taaac Van Wart, and James Moore, a waiter,
wera taken before Magistrate Cornell yester-
day, Campbell charged with violating the see-
tion of the exc'ae law requiring the windows of
barrooms to be ao arranged that the police
may obtain from the atreet @ clear view of the
interior, the other two with servin. drinks in
the place while it. was tmproperly fitted, The
windows in the MeGiory place are fitted with
ground glass panes

 

|

Lawyer P. A. Hargous of 280 Broadway, who |

explainod that the

excise jaw in which there was no
any such requirement. Magistrate Cornell ad-
yourned the case until Mondity, promising that
ifthe requirementa of the jaw bad been ful-
filled by that time he would discharge the
prisovers,

A motion of State Excise Commissioner
Honry H. Lyman and Spee'al Deputy Commia-
sioner George Hilliard to revoke the liquor tax
certificate fasued to Campbell for the place,
was made before Justice Fitzgerald of the Su-
preme Court yesterday, It is asserted that
the certificate was granted on false statements
about the number of consents procured from

roperty owners in the neiahborhood and that
t was falsely stated that there were no dwell-
ings within 290 feet of the premises, The State
Commissioner asked that a referee be ap.
pointed to pass upon the alleged misrepresent.
ations. The Court reserved decision.

ROACH CONVICTED,

Killed His Wife on Account of Jealousy—
An Unhappy Life,

Jeremiah Roach of 256 Eleventh street, Ho-
boken, who wastried {n the Court of Oyer and
Terminer!n Jersey City for the murder of his
wife, was convicted yesterday afternoon of

The maximam
n State prison, Lhe
on Jan, 23, 18H),

 

penalty ts thirty years
murder was committed
Roach, was a widower, with one son now
ten years old, when he married Christina
Cardell, seven months prior to the murder,
Their married life was very unhappy. Roach
was jealous of his wife who was young and
very pretty, On the afternoon of Jan, 23
Roach pursued his wife into n grocery on the
corner above their home and shot her down
with arevolver he had purchased that morn-
ne.

Roach testified in his own behalfthat his wife
had goaded him to frenzy by her neglect and
her abuse of him and his son. He purchased
the revolver with the intention of committing
suicide. On his way home to shoot himaelf he
met hia wife and pleaded with her. She re-
palacd him with vile language, The defend-

| ant aad that afterthateversthing wasa bank

probibitiig pleasure vehicles on Fifth avenue ® |

ng. . | tohim,
The palaces on Fifth avenue would not he |

there were it not for the commereial prosperity |

The jury vas out about four hours,

EXTENDING THE

 

THIRD RAITr,

Electric Elevated Cars Will Soon Run From
the Bridge to Van Sicklen Avenue,

The preparations for {ntroducing electric
moiive power on the Lexington avenue and
Fast New York branch of the Brookivn Rapid

| Transit Company's elevated railroad system

ithe third rail has been hurried,

have nearly been ecompetel, and it ia very
Lkelv thatthe cara will ba run by electricity
inside of month, The third-rail system
similarto that in use on the company's Fifth
avenue line will be used, The work of laying
and the ral!

| already extends from Hudson and Myrtle
avenues to the Van Sicklen avenue station in
Piast New Yor! This is the terminal of the
Lexington vvennue line, but fron that point on

to Cypress’ Huis Cometery, which is the end of
the Broadway elevated line, the third rail will
he laid, New motor ears to operate the trains
and do some minor detail work is all thet ts
now necessary to have the | exington avenue
ine in working orterfrom the bridge to Van-
Sicklen avenue, Kast New York

 
 

 

Whipped a Kabbi,

Passate Crry, N. 0, Jan, 12.—Jaeob Kaplan,
a buteher of Beeond streot, thrashe!l Justice
ofthe Peaeo Rienmond and the Rev, B, Hale
perin, ArADD, this afternoon and was 1 dged

       

injail Kap septiy th: itract for
sinvightering jowla to 4 consumed by the
J ithe Dundee di oriet and the work was
token upby Rabbi liciperin, who eame from
Newark, Kaplan mot nis rival with Justice
Richmond and Constabie Dromtey lt was
Dromles Who summoned asaistance aid er.

came Kaplan, Justice Bowker Aned Kaplin
for disorderly conduct and he was committed
tO JO tO answer charges of assault and bat.
tery

Smallpox Epttemio at Blackstone, Va.
Prerersnvrs, Vo, Jan. 12,-Smai!lpox has
started up at Baekstona, Va., on the Norfolk

and Western Railroad and the town is much
aarmed. Among those who have Cie disease
is the postmaster of the place, Jotin O, Jaesson
All of the publie kehoo!s haye been closed and

many of the students of Howe Academy and
MANDY Of the young women of the Blackstone
Female College left to-day for their homes,
The Town Councei! was in session until o'clock
this morning discussing the best plans lo pur.
sue to prevent a spread of the disease,

 

MAJOR MORLE'S VERS,

 

If He Has Withheld Any Mr. Pettit Will
Have a Chance ty Prove It To-day.

Ifthe Hon. George H. Pettit, United States

District Attorney for th» Eastern District of

New York, really believes that Major
Richard P. Morle, Olerk of the United
Btates District Court for the same dis-
trict and a Special Commissioner of
Naturalization, has unlawfully withheld
for hia own use fees belonging to the

Government, which Major Morie has received
Inconnection with the naturalization of aliens
in Brooklyn, Mr. Pettit will have a change to
produce any proof he may have upon which to
base such belief before United States District
Judge Edward B. Thomas, at 10 o'clock this
morning. This opportunity will be afforded to
him, because Major Morle obtained from Judge
Brown yesterday an order, returnable at 10
o'clook this morning, directing Mr, Pettit to
show cause why he shou!d not be present when
Judge Thomas examines Major Morle’s avc-
counts for the aix months ending Dec, 31,
1820,

This proceeding brings toa headthestrained
relations which have existed between Mr,
Pettit and Major Morle for several months,
Just what the real cause of the {Il feeling be-
tween the two men is has not been made pub-
Ne. Its beginning dates back severs| montha,
and those who should be somewhat familiar

of the two to show il! feeling against the other,
That’s about all they will say, however, and

the principals are dumb. Mr. Vertit has
“nothing to say,’’ and Major Morle adda mya-

| tery to the casus belli by inaking thie state-
violation was due tothe fact that In advising |
Campbell he had relied on an old copy, thea |

mention of |

Ss ES SS SSS SS ee SS fesse mticneepessisenvsisisnevessceinieuansgoatenien

met:

“There {s much back of all this and has ab-
solutely nothing to do with cases of illegal
paturalization, Itvouldn’t have anything to
do with that question, for the very good reason
that | make no report as to the charactor of
the applicants. [seiunply*report to the court
that] have taken an applicant's depositions
and the Judge then passea on all other ques-
tions, The District Attorney Bas simply made
this fee business a cause for breaking out. If
he had not been utterly ignoriat of the law on
tha subject, he would have tried something
eine.’

By designation of the court: Major Morle acts
as Special Commissioner of Naturalization, As
auch he takes depositions of would-be o
wad does much other work of a routine nature,
which, were It not done by seme such offlver,
would take up an inordinately large amount of
the tine of the court. ‘The work done is very
much like that done by the ordinary referee,
aud for doing it he charges, under the law, cer-
tain fees, which amount tn each cuae to $1.15,
These fees ire all he gets for doing the work of
a Special Commiasiouer of Naturalization, and

   

|

 
    

them. The Special Commisetoners of Naturalle
tion are also required to make atin,

or the eix months ending . Bl, 1
Major Morie, as Clerk of she. urt, colle
{n fees from al) sources $7,562.71. uoting
from this amount the expenses of his office,
amounting to 2,008,80, and his own salary,
$1,750, he has a balance to turn over to the
Government of $4,145.81,

Mr. Pettit makes no objection te this part of
Major Morle’s accounts, but he hae declined
eet the saal of his approval on the sum
$4,177.06, fees collected by, Major Morle as
Special Commissioner. Mr. Pettit inatated that
this money also be turned over with the court
fees. Major Morle declined to do thia, pointe
ing out that, as Special Vommiasiqner. the law
gives to him, {n lieu of salary, a!l fees he oole
lects, 48 Auch Commissioner, up to and inol
ing $3,500, Major Morle {s qui Ane 8

an

 
 

1
turn over the difference between $4,1
$3,500, but absolutely deolines to’ make any
accounting to the United States District Attor-

ney, on the ground that the question of his
fees is not any of the latter official’s business,
Major Morle says he will account to the Attore
ney-General as he always haa, and to no one
else. Judge »>Thomas seems to think thas.
Major Morle has the right end of the contene
tion, jadaing from tha ollowing letter which
he addressed to Attorney-General Griggs:

“Lam constrained by the aituation hor to
deprecate the present interference of the Dis-
trict Attorney, for the purpose of sweeping
away the Commissioner's earnings, At the
sane time, Lintend to respect any competent
action on his part, and, if you cone der that the
(erk is, or should be amendable to hi e
authority thus aseribed will be regarded,

In «peaking of the practice as to naturalisae
tion fees inthe Southern district of New Yor
Samuel H Lyman, Chief Clerk of the Dnt
States District Court, said yesterday afters

' noon;
with the facts say that Mr. Pettit was the frst |

he puta them into his pooket up tothe amount |

of $3,.390. That is the maximum amount in
fees he may receive under the law inawny one
year. Al! in excess of that he must turn over
to the Government. Nobody has asserted that
he has not complied with the law relating to
the excesa foes,

As Clerk of (he United States District Court,
he charges and collects the court fees pre
scribed by law to be paid by ai applicants jor
naturalization These fees, as specified by
statute, unount toB8L.3hin each case and tie
law requires that al! these fees shail be turned
over to the Government, Noboay has accused
Major Morle of holding out any of these court
fees. The court clerks are required to render

an accounting every Kix inonths to the Depart.
ment of Justice of

the moneys recelved by

“A almilar reference order to theone tn effect
in Brooklyn was entered in thts coart by Judge
Addison Brown on Jan. 18, 1848, in order te
prevent too much time of the court being
taken up by the examination of witnesses, BF
this order oi! applications for naturalization
are referred to meas a apectal commissioner,
ust asin auy other reference, The fee whica

charge for each reference ta $1,

“It used to Le a practice among @ great man
District Court clerka to retain the fees charge
for naturolization papers, on the ground that
the statute did not demand traneferring them
to the Federal Government. Congress then
passe fan nact providing that these fees muss
be accounted for, LT personally have always ree
turned these faes,”

‘The totalofthe court fees and the fees of
the Srecial Commissioner are the same tn the
Boothern districry as in the Lastern district.
$2.5 in each cause.

 

To Retire From the Brooklyn School Beards

Henry W. Maxwell and J, Edward Swane
strom, whose terma as mombers of the Behool
Hoard inthe Borough of Brookiyn will expire
on Feb. 14, announced yesterday that they
would not aceept reapporntments, Both have
heen prominent in educational affalra in
Brook'yn jor several vears, Mr. Swanetrom
serving two tering as president, and Mr, Max-
wuil for along time as chairman of the Finance
Commitree Their desire to retire from the
board ia not dte, they say, tothe muddled cone
dition of the Educational Department,

Business Boomtng Among Hrassworkera,

A report was made yesterday by John J,
Fiynn, business agent of the Brassworkers®
Union of this city, that the union had beem
compelled to send to other oities for mente
fupply the demands of the employers for
extra hands tvery healthy brassworker
this city and weinily was employed, he eat
and moste! them were doing overtime. The
briss moulders, heeaid, were equal? busy,
nota man who was able to work being Idle,

 

 

 

 

 

 

we

and beautifying the skin, scalp, heir, and hands, nothing so pure, 80 sweet,

fF: clearing the complexion of unsightly eruptions, and preserving, purifying,

80 speedily offective as CeticvRA Soap. It removes the cause of Cetgenn
eruptions, loss of hair, and baby blemishes, viz.: the clogged, irritated, in eet

or sluggish condition of the Pores,

Crticvura Soar combines delicate emollient

properties derived from Crtierra, the grest skin cure, with the purast of cleansing

ingredients and most refreshing of tlow ero lors.

No other soap, however expensive,

is to be compared with it foro!l purposes of ths toilet, bath, and nursery. It com-
bines in Ong BoaP at One Prick —namely, 25 Cents—the pest skin and come
plexion soup and the pest toilet and baby soap in the world,

Sold throughout the world. Porren
about the hia, Scalp, Mair, a d Lande,

 

Pere AND Cusu. Coar., Sole Prope, Covioves Reuss °4

\

SBE

2 SS

mPa.

ona be ue

 

ee ae
- 7

ORR LT DOR CS
——e C= ets
ae ero

 

“4p Tea

ON one EH

ee

ite 2+ on .

_—