i
'

ga

; < Is,

 

   
   
  
     
    
     
  
    
    
     
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
     
       
        
    
 
  
     
 
   
   
  

   
  

  
   
    
   
   
   
    
  

 
 
 
  

  
 
  
  
   
  
 

 

}
’
|

—_

4
CLARK BRIBERY INQUIRY.

BIG MONFY OFFERED FOR VOTES IN
THE MONTANA LEGISLALURY,

|

The Lessee of Marcus Daly's Hotel Says Ho |

Was Approached With an Offer of 615,000
=—830,000 Alleged to Have Been Offered
for Three Beaverhend ¢ ounty Votes,

Wasnixcton, Jan, 12.—The taking of tes-
timony by the Senate Committee on Privileges
and Elections on the charges « f bribery in con.
peetion wiih the election of Senator ¢ lark of
Montana was resumed thts morning, withk.L
P. Eeton, a dentist of Stevensville, Mont, on
the etund. He teatified tothe visit there of
Bieklord, who came to see how tho legislative
candidates stood regarding the sipport of
Clark. He aiso tdentified somo letters re-
celved from Hickford and they were pinged in
evidence, One of these contained $200 for
campalgn expenses, and another inquired for
information as to a mortgage on the property
of Woods, onal the candidates for the Legisia-
ture. If Woods were being preseed for payment,
Bickford wrote, ha wanted to provide for It,
the Inference being that Woods should not be
Ito vote for Daly for the reason that the
mortgage was hell by one of Daly's support.
evs. The iatter. said Me. Beton, waa in reply
to one of histo Bickford, that ifanything was
to be done in the matter then was the titne to
doit. He had answered Bickford, he raid, ex-
plalning that Woods, who had in the mean-
time been elected to the Legislature, wae ine
volved to the extent of $5,000 or $6,500, He
afterward met Bickford at Missoula and the
Jatter said It was all right, and, taking $7,000
from his pocket, piuced it on the table, He told
Bickford that Woods said the matter was off

Cougsel for the memorialists offered in evi-
denee copies of the books of a Montana bank,
but on objection by counsel for Clark the ques-
tlon of admitting the copies was taken under
advisement by the comm ittes.

A letter purporting to be written by Senator
Clark, the signature being typewritten, Was
also offered, and Senator Hoar, one of the
committee, announced his objection to such
evidence, but it was admitted by vote of the
committee 7

Philip C. Sullivan, proprietor of the Florence
Hotel at Butler, the next witness, Was 4 mem
ber of the Legislature, and told how he had
been asked by Bickford to support Clark. He
replied that perhaps he could Bickford in-
quired, “How mueh?” “TE told him $20,000,"
sald Sullivan. “Mr. Bickford said he thought
halfofthat wou'd be a gyod price, Later he
said he would raise (tte $15,000, but then [told
him IT could not support Clark

On cross-examination it developed that the
Florence Hote! was owned by Marcus Daly, and
that he had begun renting it only Sines the
meeting of the Legislature

Aaked why he had suggested that his support
of Clark might be seoured for $20,000, the wit.
neas replied: “Just forcuriosity, as [ had heard
that money was being used for Mr, Clark

Anthony Dougherty, proprietor of a livery
stable in Helena, was an unwilling witness anid
baffled all efforts of counse! forthe memorials
{sus to obtain any information F

Thomas W, Poindexter of Helena told of a
conversation with 8, J. MeDowel!ll on Jan. §,
ls), "Me Dowell told me,” he testified, “that
Me Steele had seen him and asked hin to 6uE-
gest some one WhO Was Close enough to cer-
tain members of the Legisiaturo that they
might be reached, He told me that there was
money in jtand for me to think it over. He
wanted me to ‘reach’ the members of the
Heaverhead delegation.

force

  

¢

He held up his hand |

ond said there wes ‘that much in it’ T seit |
$5,000 and be said ‘No, $50,000." T wentto see
MeDowel! aud met Mr, Bteele in the

  
 

former's offles. Heasked meif the Beaver-
head delegation could be secured, IT toid hin
that I had not seen them about the nutter yer,
Mr. Stevie told me that the three votes of
Heaverhead were wort $50,000. Later, when
} had found it impossible to fix the whole dele.
ration, Mr. Steele said he would pay $10,000
‘or each vote. [I wasto receive $5,000 for my
bervice.”

Henry lL. Myers, & member of the Montana
Kenate, told how Dros. W. Minchell, purports
ng to come from Mr. Bickford, had approached
him in regard to voting for Clark, promising
that i? be did Mr. Clark would employ bim as
attorney ata ealary of $2,500 for the frst year,
§3,000 the second and 33,500 the third year,

guaranteed. Witnesa refused the offer with
emphasis :
The next witness was Honry H. Garr, a

Montana State Representative, Mr. Garr sald
that the convention in which he was nomi.
nate? passed a resolution providing that the
henatores and Representatives there nom inated
should vote for a Democratic Senator, and that
he voted for Mr. Conrad as jong as there was

envy posribility of his election, after
which he voted. for Benator Clark, At
the time of his  nemination he. was
& United States Commissioner and Notary

Just prior to the Senatorial e.eotion
, Whiteside met him inthe Grand Central
fiotel and asked him to goto @ room with
him, saving that he desired totalk with hin.
Ow arriving at this room, Mr, Whiteside took
from his pocket an envelope into which ha put
asum of money, which he said wes $5,000, and,
gKealing the auvelope, asked him (Mr. Garr) to
put his initials out, which he did. No reason
was aiven by Mr, Whiteside forasking him to
put his name onthe envelope. In reply to the
question as to his financial condition, Mer, Garr
said that at the time of hia election to the
State Legislature he had only about 8100

Public.

 

  

 

“Isitnot true,” asked Attorney Campbel!,
“that you have bought a ranch sinee that
tine?”

“TL have,” replied Mr. Carr.

“How mutch did vou pay for it?”

“E paid 834,500

“For whom did you purehase the ranch?"

“Por Miss Wickham, my wife's aunt,”

The only cross-examination consisted of the
following question by Mr, Foster:

“Have you atany time received any money
crothercompensation in return for vour vote
for W. A. Clark for United States Senator?”

“TE bave net.”

At 5:80 tha committee adjourned until toe
morrow, a ~
LRiCD ORUVER AGAINST ROPER,

He Operated Four Different Swindling Con-
cerns in Newark,

  

Wasutsci7oyx, Jan, 12--A fraud order has
been issued by the Post OMee Department
againet Osman W. Konerof Newark, Noon, who
enjoyve the distinetion Naving operated four
different eoneerns, namely: “The Realty Cor.
poration Company of New Jey “Pha
Realty Loan and Trust Fond." "the Loan and
Vitle Company,” and “The Pour Per Cent
Mortgage Company.” Moper was President,
Secretary, Treasurer and Board of Directors

   

of al) four organizations at onee, Ho had two
oMees—one in the London, Liverpool and
Globe Building, and the other at 138 Market
ttreet,

In his capasty as Treasurer, Roper would
wet remit sof money by offering loans on
advantageous terms of intere-t. When the
victim was on tht, each of the four con-
cerns was brought to bear upon him. The

  
 

*Tealty Corporation Company” required a fee
of $10 for the benett the “Reaity Loan and
Nrust Fond hen it became necessary to
My An appraisement fee of S10 fora search

  
   

   

 

Vhen S20 he this zed the borrower:
was informed that the ies2 of the realty
company was concocted on the plan of a build
fneand loan association, and that a deposit of
Hpercent. ofthe entire loan would be necessary
toobtain membership. Li the vietin forwarded

 

 

 

 

 

|
|
{
'
t
|

|

the 5 pet nto ie was toll that the loans
were made inthe usual Way by being awarded
tothe tighe- fader, an be waser It
aubmithishil A certitfleate was then issqod
that his tid Wad bee resected in faye wore
one else, vi that te must ty main nex
month

Two churches, sail ts be colorat chueehe
Are anions (hose sworn tled by Roeper hureh
in Annapolis and Zton Uapeist ch hoof Knox.
ville, Tenn, cach bost ¢ $404 rhe man’s
profits are sald to vege te Sit "I ie
now hel atthe New silindelialtor $S.a00 |

ba

A4RBUIRGTION IS TABOR DIspurps

Attitude of
ployer

General Pimplovers and

s Toward Ir,

Pm-

Wasminatos, Jan, 12
tary of the Ohio state
appeared this morning
Commissiy nd testified
arbitration tow Wesed fh
Of laborer ' yey wid ¢
His ech *arbits

its @reutes te inthe prefus

 

tion Nils
sohemo
Jin nus
Biatees, bh /OMecers of eorpor

yers
to reeosn ss won ervus i
ions had
ateadiusily | { alo from conferences elthor
With t

hever WwW ‘+ \
Withtheir empoyers Th
carred durtugs the Clevela
turbances was tue, 4
this | ithe v@rporute
Members ofthe Ohio state
they had found @ solution |
the form oat a LOW pel
Sonar By ¢

   
 
  

He had

  

tis
Povers and eninlovees alive wet! '
seives Hable to criminal prosecute w
they oppese arbitration, Th
thar the bill might make
frequent resort to apt
OPO, BOW dacnaves th

UAhece
ration

at oF,

‘sary the
Which in his

witness hoped !

  
 

-PAYNE SHIPPING BILL,

Former Senator Edmunds tn Advocating It
States H's Position on Expansion,

Wasnixortos, Jan, 12.—The Senate Come
meres Committee to-day gave a bearing on the
Hanna-Payne Shipping bill, at whieh former
Senator Edmunds, representing the shipplue
interests, made the principal araument in
fayor of tho passage of the bill, He prefaced
his argument with a statement as to his posi-
tion on the question of expansion, While he
was still on ontl-imperialist and eould rot
agreo with (he Administration's policy in that
particu ay, ye! be was couvineed that it was a
vondition that must be mot. He had not
favored the nunexation of the Hawaiian Is-
lands, but that had been dons and could not be
undone: aid in view of what had happened in
the Philippines the United States, he asserted,
must appear on the other aide of the globe
with power and commerce, The United States
must send to that portion of the earth strong
vessels of every sort,

Mr. Edmunde sald that when he was first re-
tulned as counsel for those who favored the
passage of the bill, it was with the understand.
ing tuat hisservicus wereto bein the direc-
tion vf explaining treaties and in drafting the
measures, Having served so long inthe Sen-
ate he did not wish tobe regarded asa lobby-
ist. He might have been over-sensitive in the
ma'ter, But afterward, becoming toterested
in the general subjeet,he concluded to take his
chanees on being called a “buttonholer” or a
“vlowk-room visitor.”

Ha then went onto explain the provisions of
the bill and the effect its passage would have
op the different interests Involved,

Louls Nixon, the Elizabethport, N. J, ship-
builder, urged tho passage of the Hauna-
Payne billasthe only means of building our
foreign carrying trade, He opposed the pro-
position to help that trade by imposing | dis-
crim juating duties in favor of American ships,
for the reason that it would be resented by
those nations with which it was desirable to
extend our commerce, .

Replying to questions Mr. Nixon said foreian
siipaof war were built in American yards he-
cause the yards of Europe were busy, becauee
it was policy, and because the Americans bullt
the bost warships in the world. The warships
could be burt about as cheaply here as abroad,
be said, for the reason thatit took the most
skilled workmen and highest perfection of
equipment to build those ships, which cost
about the same kere As abroad, With the mere
vhaunt shina, however, the advantage was
wreatly in favorof other nations, as both the
material and labor emploved were cheaper
abroad, As tothe wisdom of encouraging the
merehant marine, Mr. Nivon called attention to
the rapid growth of that of Germany under the
subsidy system,

Thomas Clyde of the Clyde Line also spoke
in favor of the bill.

To morrow the committee will hear Preal-
dent Griscom of the International Navigation
Company, Thurber of the Export Associution
of New York, and Thomas C, Bearch, President
of the National Association,

THE HA

 

ee

 

NICARAGUA CANAL,

Bill Providing for Ite Constrvetion Reported
to the House,

Wasntnoton, Jan. 12. —By a unanimous vote,
with the exception of Mr. Fletcher of Minne-
gota, the House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce to-day instructed Chair-
mao Hepburn to report his bill for the con-
struction of the Nicaraguan Canal to the House
and press its passage. Mr. Fletcher's objec-
tion, it ia said, {s not to the merits of the propo-
sition itself, but ls based upon the opinion that
the time has not yet come when the United
States should enter upon the construction of
the project, The bil, in addition to the pros
vislone regarding construetion, &e, author-
ivea the President to enter upon negotiations
to secure contro: of the territory through which
the canal shall pass

After the control of the territory has been
obtained, it authorizes the construction of the
canal, under the direction of the Secretary of
War, between Greytown to Brito, by way of
Take Nicaragua andthe San Juan Kiver, and
to be of sufficient capacity and depth to carry
the largest vessels, Safa harbors are to be
constructed at the termini of the canal, For
the completion of the canal the bill appropriates
$140,000.00), to be drawn from time to time as
the work progresses,

Army Officers and Enilated Men May Wear
Badges and Medals,

Wasuinoron, Jan. 12.—Tho following order
regarding the wearing of medals and badges
by army officers has beon {ssued by Gen, Miles:

“OfMicers and enlisted men who are members
of military societies of men who served in the
armies and navies of the United States in the
Warof the Revolution, the War of 1812. the
Mextean War, and the War of the Kebellion, or
tre members of the Regular Army and Navy
Union of the United States may wear on all
oveasions of ceremony the distinctive badges
adopted by such societies; badges to be worn
on the left breast of rhe coat. Medals of honor
and the several distinctive marks given for ex-
cellence in rifle pract ce, as wellas army corps
badges, may also be worn in the same manner
hy oMcers and enlisted men upon ali oecasions
of eeremony, Insiguia ‘buttons’ will not be
worn,”

——_——$—_$ $n

New York,

VASHINGTON, Jan, 12 ~The battleship Texas
wil! not be placed ont of commission for re-
pairs, as was expected, in view of the recent re-
port of a Board of Survey on her condition, but
will be sent to jotn the flagship New York in
Wost Indian waters. Capt. Charles D, Sigshee,
the commander of the Texas, will be detached
from the vesse! early in Pebruary and assigned
to duty as Chief Intelligence Officer ofthe Navy,
succeeding Commander Tiehardson Clover,
Commanser Clover wu sal! from New York for
indoon April 1 will suceeed
ymmander Join C, Calwell as
the United States Embassy tn
London. Ltis pretty certatu that Cant. George
A. Converse will take
when Capt. Sigshee is relic

 

Kurope on Peb. 7,
Lieutenant(
naval attaché vl
command of the Texas

ved,

 

|
The Terns Ordered to Join the =
'
|
'
|
'
'

Sulzer Wan « a Committees to Tovestigate

Secretary Gage,

Wasnitnoton, Jun, 12.-In the House to-day
Mr. Sulzer of New York asked unanimous con.
for the consideration of a resolution
directing tho timmediate appointment of a
committee to investigate the relations of the
Treasury Department with the National City
and Hanover National Banks, but Mesare, Dale
zell of Pennsyiwania vod Hopkins of Hlinois
objected Mr Hopkins said that thestatement
ol Secretary Gauge tothe House the other day
completely and sat sfactorily covered the case,

sent

The Lawton Fund Still Growing,
WASHINGPON, Jan, 12.—The reesints for the
Lawton fund reached a total of $80,.
101.22, Gen, Corbin received to-day from New
York $6,504, representing additional subserip-

tions by members of the Union League Club,
Subscriptions sent to Washington direct by
membersotthe club amount to $10,222, thua
aking the total amount subseribe! by nem.
bers of the Union League Club, SIG S17

have

 

 

Hieut, Gillmore Assigned to Duty

Wasninoros, Jan, 12.—Rear Admiral Wat.
bon, commanding the Asiatic naval force, has
informedthe Navy Department by telegraph

that Lieut. James C, Gilmore, formerly of the
@inboat Yorktown, who was recently relensod
from his Tagalos captors after six months «x.
perience as a prisoner of war, has been as-
sigped to temporary duty on the United States
supply whip Glacier, now at Manila,

Vubonle Plague in

12.—United States Special
onolu'uinareport to the
tf suys that there have been

Monolaln,

Wasntnaron, Jar
Ageut Haywood at i
State PD

 

   
  

e! tha from bubonte plague at Honolulu
8 lastrenort, He adds thatthe city has
been placed undor rigid iuaranting

Washington Notes

       

Wastisncros, Jan. 12.-—The cunboat Maehis
arrived yesterday at Santo Domingo City to |
observe dey pments in the tucident broughe |

 

about by the
ofarrears of

the bb

 

tinof France for the payment
ndemaity and an apology from

 

  

 

mminican Government,

The tHous+ Cominittee on Noval Affatpe this |
tt nig decided that th Wilry docks atthe |
Leng stand and Mare Island Navy ards be
( structed of stone instead of wood as the lay

 

    

 

     
 

 
 

 

ig to
be better posted in this direction than those 4
whe rely on so-called Real Betate nie thames
thatonly parva rthe ground—ade

 

= a og

ee ae

‘saa SUN, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1900,

SENATOR COFFEY ON HAND,

ON HIS INVESTIGATORS
LAWYERS,

 

prors IN
with THRER

 

One of (he Latter Makes a Speech Which
captures the House-He Threatens Re-
tallation nud Makes Remarks Personal
to the Members of the Committee,

Senator Michael J. Coffey of Brooklyn, who
bolted the Demoeratic county ticket at the last
election. and practically brought about the de.
featof Johu Morrissey Gray, the candidate for
Nogister, descended upon,the sub-committee of
the Democratis County Committees, when It

met in tho Thomas Jefferson building last
night to hear evidence of his disloyalty to the
party, with an array of legal talent, and
defied it to dismiss him from the
party or the County Committee or
to disband hia district organization, The

committes seemed a littie stunned by the
vehemence of Senator Coffey's defence and
allpwed Isaao M, Kapper, head counsel for
Coffey, to talk to it for over an hour, despite
the protests of {ts own legal representative,
Henry D. Furlong. Mr, Kupper utilized the
opportunity to makoa beautiful apeech in be-
half of Senator Coffey, which so pleased the
spectators that they stamped and howled with
glee, to the great discomfiture of the oom-
mittee, which apparently expected the support
of the urge crowd of Democrats preseat.

There was ample evidence of bitter fesling
around the committees room before the {nvesti+
gation began. The spectators were so numer-
ous that not more than a quarter of them coulu
getintothe room, The rest stayed outin the
corridor aud talked about the merits of the
ease, Nome ofthem became excited andonly the
presence of a halfdozen policemen prevented &
number of fist fights. Shortly after 8 o'clock
the cominittee, consisting of John Maguire,
the chairman; Senator Patrick H. MeCarren,
John M. Clancy, James Reagan and George
Lindsay, came into the room, and then. Mr. Ma-
guire called for order.

The fun began at ones. Mr, Furlong pro-
ceeded to put in evidence a whole lot of type-
written documenta, including the petition,
which contains the charges, the by-laws of the
County Committee and the minutes of the lest
meeting of that committee, to allot which Mr.
Kapper, Assistant Corporation Counetl Luke
D. Stapleton and Frank E. McElroy of counsel
for the defence, objected most vigoroualy,
The committee disposed of all the objections
without delay, whereupon Mr, Kapper grabbed
the petition, appended to which was a@ list of
several score of names, and renewed his ob-
Jections toits admission on the ground that
the bulk of the signatures were not genuine,

“In the first place, these signatures are not
acknowledge,” he said, “and, in the second
place, it is quite apparent that most of them are
written in onehand, His petition is a palpable
fraud and lam not sure that the hand that ate
tached these signatures is out of reach of the
criminal courts for forgery.”

The committeemen took the paper and scan-
ned the signatures closely, while Mr. Furlong
said that Mr. Kapper was talking through his
hat, throwing 4 bluff and doing otherunseemly
things. The committee decided that the paper
should be admitted. Then Mr. Kapper sprang
4 bomb in the shape of a letter dated Wednes-
day last, and signed by John J, Monahan and
John J, Mekeon, two of the three county Com-
mitteemen of Senator Coffey's district, whose
bumes appear On the petition, in which they
allege that their names were secured to the
paper by fraud and misrepresentation, and
with the idea of making them stand for charges
with which they are not in sympathy,

“Oh let's don’t let this paper in,” eald Mr.
Furlong sarcastically, It’s easy to call off
people who have signed this paper, by the use
of intimidation, and ——-"

“Stop it, gir, stop it," Interrupted Mr. Kapper.
“What you say of intimidation is rot, pure rot.
You are colossally silly, air.”

It looked for a momentas though the three
lawyers for the defence and the two for the
committee would havea battle royal, but Mr.
Maguire called for order aud admitied the
paper, Atthis juncture there wasa row in the
back of the hall and the crowd surged forward,
elbowing the lawyers aside and brushing their
papers iromthe table, Mr. Kapper yelled for
room, and when he didn’t wet it, offered on Le-
lait of Senator Coffey to hire alarger hall for
the hearing

“Oh, we'll give youall the room you want,’’
eaid Mr, Furlong ey

“Will you give us a furlong?” piped up Mr,
McElroy, whereat all who heard groaned and
the crowd pushed back out of range of Mr.
MeElroy’s wit. .

Mr. Furlong moved that Mr, Kanner enter a
plea for hisclients, It oughtto be stated that
there are eleven defandsnts beside Mr, Coffey,
all workers in his district, but they have been
lowt sight of fa the interest in Coffey's case,

“Ot course, if Mr. Kapper will pead guilty,”
soid Mr. Furlong, “it will save a jot oftime
avdtrouble, Its sometimes well to take thie
course when one's client is placed as Senator
Coffey is.’

Mr. Kapper_lo ked volumes, but restrained
histemper, He grabbed a formidable roll of
muporand remarked that he meant to get to

usipess atonce, Tiere were about fiity pages
of typewritten ma‘ter tn the rol, whieh led
Mr. Furiong fo enter @ protest against long
harangues. Mr. Maguire, however, ruled that
the lawyer could go on, Whereupon Mr. Me-

roy remarked

“Hats off to the committea.”

Mr. Kapper began by reviewing the charges
and expressing the hope that the committee
wis not deeided in its opinion that his
arguments would be in vain

“These charges,” he said, “are for alleged
offences atthe lastelection, You began your
Corporate existence in December and as the
offences are not against your body you eann
fuvestigate them These charges are dead
horse. Theold County Committes might have
done it, but you can't. Because 1 take this
ground Idon't wautyoutothink that Senator
Coffey is going tomakeatechnicalfight forsueh
is uot his idea. fF wish weecould havea primary
election In the Ninth distriet to-n t. You'd
soon see how Senator Coffey is regarded.”

Mr. Kapper next said that aman cannot he
distnissed trom a party in which he is enrol ed
for failure to support county or city qandidates
as under the primary law he is only pledged to
support State aud National candidates, As for
the dismissalofa man from the County Com.
mittee, be sald, that cominittee eonldn’t dia-
Wiss aman sentto it by the enrolled votersof
his district if it wanted to, It hasn'teven the
power, he said, to dismise a member for none
paymentofdues, The secret ballot and the
penalty for an election Inspector or wateher
telling how @ man votes, he added, iakes it
utterly impossible to accuse Senator Coffey of
distoyalty to his party and prove it,

Mr. Kapper became a bit threatening and de-
clared that if investigation of Senator Gof.
fey’a conduct was to be continued Senator
Coffey would demand that the investization
be carried into the County Committee ; the
truth about the nomination of Jotin Morrissey
Gray be brought out

“Assureadiy,” he sald, “he was notthe ean.
date of the party. And to conduct this mate.
rial investigation I should be obliged to eall on
you members of this committee as

 

  

 

  

    

  

  

    

wit.

 

  

 

neases, ond it’s obviously im possible
for you to be witnesses and judges
too, The investigation into tha « t
of Gray wonld have to be extended to rou all
If Senator Coffey must be investigated bocanaa

Gray fell S85 votes |
Ninth distriet, what ist

 

 

hind his ticket in the
yhedone with Clan

     
 

in Whese district he fell behind vos with
Moar . Where he helhind 400; with
1 Inay, where he fe behind 207; with
tegan, where he fell behind S78 and with

Maguire, where he fell Lehind [his ticket S45

  

 

votes? ‘Applause,!

“Has ttecome to a time, gentlemen of the
cominittee, when the party has io voiee in the
nomination of its can tidates? las iteome to
&tine who n &@ mun must go into a conven.
tion hampered with orders and without the
right to exercise his own Judgment? And
mat nian awallow such a dose as this, or
quit his party? nore applause Let me tell
you that Senator Coffey was s your come
mittee oy the ot his distrte the ean.
bot be dismissed from it or his fealty tothe
party be put tothe test because of his conduet
at the jast eleetion,

“L don't kiow what the public think, but I
full far short of py wuess of th beroof the
people. if they don t

   

to Visit panishm
eintly in the matter of th ne i
moet with onyrhing but approval fror

   

 

ite, y ’
1 they !

 

 

     

  

    

 

 

 

provirte t you that this procemting will be regarded
tive Wheeler | asanufttempt tostrive down the one teariess
utions in the ise 7 | and independent: figure in Demoeratio nelittog
| retarvol War aud the Severe | rm sal t) i ne " Ty, the idol of the vour ‘
ivy to inf use of t] nen of enn y
vy , 1 PT PS a han that cranks: ie wr ‘
ont MyOney & ¥f he Which the | i hi di 4. ‘ tt hts tet tht ! bf afene
Gay nen » linkie fea per i in the x , ie are a Wine vine in Ma
Pi uppines from May 1, Isis, todan. 1100, | aM » threnteneu ycivar the ha Mi Kapfer
vane > hy warning the committen aa.
} Geo. James H. Wilson. who commands one of | Z Hany eahng Pallas ttle al TA a)
the military provinees in Cita, te y madea Fascainna | ' ; sce a ; iry and
| &fafement before the Senate ¢ ym tia a an | sas ; ; 1 é ; Wszn bon they reo!
; ; N} a Presidential eleetion hen all Demovrat
} Cube regarding the conditions evicting in the | a ha , he
j nd ret) . wor shoul ost ! . Wiler to ahoulder
sand, together with the ! he woutt | ; sane ‘ 5 ie
| ' would Mr. Furlong toe the floo ' ' e
} recommend for the evils thors I'he atatemont | wh 2 ) .F ; ‘ , * ra i! an tha t
. °s 8 OC lane , H ae ’ suere rn vkeoto thi ! the Gray
Was regarded asconfilential bythe committer, | matter wasthe oniv charge ag an ’ . nat >
ie ; ’ . Theena ‘areler fo vets of goneral
(TO READ ' THE Sens RPean ESTATE ty to the party, he said, and these
NeEWs | Charges, if true, showed! senator Coley to be
and tabular forma of daily transaetiens wnworthy asa leader and to be a man who had

been!
"The by-laws
the power of that comm ttee to disband a dia.

ilae to his party and false to his tras’,

ofthe Connty Committee show

trigt gommittes, Certainly, if they give the

 

| ih

|
|
|
ft
M

County Committee jurisdiction over the whole,
they give it the necessary power to punish
one man who has been false to his trust and is
a renecade to hia party, Mr. Kapper told you
that the County Committee bas failed to come
ply with thot clause of the Primary law which
compela it to file a copy of its. by-lnwe
with the custodian of primary records within
three days after ite organization, and that
therefore its by-laws are not valid and it ean.
ne’ uet on them, He {# romancing, ust
romancing, The County Committee has come
plied with the law ip every deta!!
“Do you know why Mr, Kapper has filled you
full of Nia technicalities and trigolous talk to-
night? Liltell you, Coffey and his associntes
have much to fear, They havn't been honest
or true to their party, and they knowit, They
would hide the truth in a shower of words,
Mr. Rapper haa asked that you cono further ia
this investigation, Lopposed that motion.”
The committee decided to go on with the in-
vestigation and Mr, Maguire announced an ad-
Journment until & o’elock to-night. Immedi-
ately there waa a wrangle amongeounsel. Mr,
Kapper wanted a week's adjournment, but Mr.
Furiong said it would give too many opportunt-
ties to tamper with signersol the petition, who
are to be the committee's principal witnessea,
Ile referred to the cases of Monahan and
McKeon, and hinted at dark doings In cortain
saloons where constituents of Senator
Coffey ara wont to linger, Mr. Kanper
became tadignant and was alternately demand-
ing apologies and explanations, when Chair.
man Maguire ;ounder the table and announced
that the committee would sit again at 8 o'clock
to-night and ordere? all the witnesses to be
Present. Inthe rush for the door the lawyers
were separated and so nothing but hard looks
came of Mr. Furlong’s dark insinuations and
Mr. Kapper’s righteous iudignation.

 

ARMY REORGANIZATION,

 

Plans Presented for the Reorganization of
Staff Departments,

Wasarnorton, Jan. 12.—The Secretary of War
is devoting considerable attention to vroposed
army legislation, nnd several measures for the
reorganization of the Army are now under con-
sideration, one of which looks to changes in
the staff organization of thea Army. The reor-
ganization of the entire staff of the Regular
ariny will, it is expected, receive some onpo-
sition from members of the House Committes
on Military Affairs. The Secretary of War in
his annual report has expressed himself asin
favor ofa stall composed of oMcers of the line,
detailed for etaff duty, but the officials of the
War Department fear that such a recommen-
Cation cannot secure the approval of Congress,
and 4 bill is nowin preparation providing sav.
eral minor changes fn the staff without affect-
ing the personnel.

A number of plans have been proposed for a
reorganization of the staff departments, and
one which {. fsvored by eome of the members
of the House Committee on Military Affairs
contemplates the consolidation of the Com-
missary ond Quartermaster’s departments
into one departmeat, to be known as the De»
partmentof Suppiles. The same plan contemn-
plates the consolidation of the Lospector-Gan-
eral’s department with the Adjutant-General's
Office, It is said that this system of consolida-
tion would receive the support of Mr. Hull,
Chairman of the Military Com mittee

Mr. Hull has under consideration a bill pro-
viding for the permanent establishment of the

tegular army. with aminimum strength of
65,000 nen, Mr. Hull strongly favors the eon-
tinuation of the three-battalion organization
inthe Army. He believes in a large and per-
manent increase in the artillery and will
recoinmend an entirely new organization of
thatarm. Ho is not in favor of establishing
the artillery asa new department of the staf,
but advocates {'s organization under one head,
witha Brigadier-General as chief of artillery
to be on the staff of the Major-General com-
manding the Army. ‘The advocates of the con-
solidation ofthe staff departments are not fa-
voring the immediate adoption of this system,
but believe that the change should be made
gradually, asthe present chiefs of the depart.
nients retire from service,

   

 

TO MARRY HIS HOUSEKEEPEK,

 

An Aged and Wealthy Resident of Wrent-
ham, Mass., Gets a Marriage Certificate.

WRENTHAM, Mass., Jan, 12.—The issuing ofa
marriage certificate late yesterday afternoon
by Town Clerk Davidson to Oliver Ever-
ett, whose age is 82 years, and Mrs.
Delia Kennedy, aged 38 years, has caused
no end of discussion in thia
quiet little town. and now the villagers

ara anxiously awaiting for the announcement
of the wedding. Mr. Everett te known as a
public spirited man, One of his gifts tothe
munivipality was a handsome drinking foun-
tain, Upto within three mouths he has been

iu robust health, but @ slight attack of
apoplexy has since contined him to the
house in very feeble condition. Ae has

considerable property. The prospective bride
is a widow, @ native of Eng and, with one ehild
Bhe has acted as housekeeper for Mr. Everett
for the past three or four years, but the neigh-
bors have never dreamed that anything 60 ser-
fous as matrimony was contemplated, The
certificate was secured for Mr, Everett by the
Rev. William Brown, an Intimate friend, and
there are rumors that he will perform the
marr age Ceremony.

Naval Orders,

Wasnincton, Jan, 12,~-These naval orders
were issued to-day:

Passed Assi-tant Paymaster Tf, 4. Dent, promoted
to bay iaster from May 7, Ise

Lieutenant-Commander A.E.Culver, from the Chi
eeg) (othe Montgomery, immediately, as executive,
to take tie piace of Lieut.-Commander F. EB. Greane,
whose @iicide at Moutevideo was reported yeater-
uay,

commander (. W. Rae, from the training atation
at San Pianciseo to Newport News, Va, a8 inepector
of machinery, Feb, 1,

 

 

Lient. O, P, Jackson, from the Vermont to the
Ma-aach: setia,
Let. William R Rush, from the Massachusetts

   
 

on reporting of reef, end to War College Newport,

Ticitenant Conunauder Wilham F. Halsey, from
the Naval Academy, Jan. 26, to the Adams, as
executive, at San b » Cal

Lieutenant-Coma er F. H, Sherman, from the
Navy Yard. New York, and to the Chicago, via
steamer of Jan. 27, a8 navigator

Leut. H. Minett, from the
Tslaud Hospital,

aeut. Herbert Mather, Marine Corps.

from the Marine Birracks, Washtugton, to the
Maitne Barracks, Boston, for instruction.

Changes tn the personuel of the Asiao naval

   
 

Adams to the Mare

station; Fnasign H Collina, from the Wheeling to
the Yosemit); Paymaster Clerk A. Gaw, from the
Brooklyn t) Rho Lieut.  W, Kline, from the

  

by lym to the Marietta; Assistant Surgeon BR, L,
Wright, trom the Monterey and to Isla de Luzon;
Lient, J. ©. Giilmore, to temporary duty on the
Ghac Ideut. W, V. Brouanugh, from the Castine to
the Ana; Naval Cadet J. T. Beckner, from the
Castine to telporary duty on the Monterey; Koasigu
i. Spear, from the Yosemite to teuporary duty on
the Glacier; Naval Cadet F. O, Braneh, from the Ine
to the Islade Luzon; Ensign D. W. Wurtzbaugh,
from the Albay to the Yorktown; Ensign D. W
Knox. from tobe Yorktown to the Albay; Assistant
Paymaster C, Penrose, to additional duty on the
Petrel

 

  

Army Orders,

Wasntnoton, Jan, 12.~These army ordors
were issued to-day

Previous orders relating to Acting Araistant Sur-
gon Robert A. Seale, revokeds

Acting Aewatunt Surveon Elmer 8, Tenney, from
Winchester, No. to Fort Donylas, relieving Acting
Assistant Surgeon Hugh L. Taylor, ordered to his
howe for annulment of his contract,

Tea Deaths From Plague at Santos,

Capt. Jardineof the Lamport and Holt steam.
ship Btrabo, which arrived yesterday fron
Santos with 82,549 bags of coffee, brought
a bill ef health from the American Consul
there showing thar there had been up to Dee,
lit, when the Strabo satled, thirty-eleht eases
of bubonic plague and ten deaths, All aboard
the Strabo are well, she ig detained at
Quarantine for disinfection

 

 

Colombia's President Not Dead,
The Colombian Consul General Sefior Fd-
uardo Kepinosa, received a enble despatch yes-

terday denying the report of the death of Pres.
t Manuel San Clomenteof Colombia. The
despateh said
“President in perfeet health and vigoroua
‘resident San Clemente i488 years old

GRIP_

This dred fiseuse is how becoming prevalent
Newsre of that ‘shivhtcouga,” alvo tha: "slyuhteold”
~itipthe GRID. Iteim be yuickly cured by tho use of

Hufty’s Pure
iffait Whiskey

as directed), iftakenintime, [¢

CURES

the Geip, but stimulates the blood to healthy action
anid preventa bal after-effects

 

   

 

   

 

notonly

New York City,
T have been using vour PURE MALT
for the Grippae, and tna it has belped mo

?

WLS y

 

  

wonterfally M. Hane, 511 West 2th Se.
Vermillion, It
fentlemen —Toave tad the @rippe and DUbFY'?
MALT WHISK) ) hea done me more good than
soy doctor's medicine Please send metwo more
bottles, Mes. Many A. Bunra,
Government stamp marcsthe genuine, Drurriete
netally sell it, If youre dou. not, a bottle will be
sent von, prepandl, for SP. aie for &5, Valuatle
boos on: information sent {ree on 4ppiieacon,

Duty uk Wawkey Co. Loohester, N.Y.

THE STATE LEGISLATURE,

BRIEF SESSION OF THE SENATE AND
ASSEMBLY YiusTERDAY,

Dill Legalizing the Nominations for Ae-
semblymen in the Thirty-flret City Dte-
trict Is Passed by the Asseumbly— New Bills,

ALDAxY, Jun, 12.—The usual brief Friday
session was held in each branch of the Legia-
Jature to-day. Speakor Nixon went to his
home in Westtleld Inst night and Leader
Alldé presided over the fow minutes’ sessiog
oftho Assembly this morning, The opty bual-
hess transacted whos the passing of Dy
Henry's bil! legal zing the nominations for As-
semblyman made in the Thirty-first New York
city district to be voted for at the special elec-
tionon Jan. 2%. An emergency messoge was
received from the Governor asking immediate
action and the bili was put on the order of
final passage without opposition, [Tt will be
passed in the Benate on Monday ulght and be-
come & law by Tuesday

A bill that Assemblyman Patton of Erie has
introduced iv of great Importance to the legal
profession of the Stute und has for its object the
proving of testimony given twiee. By the pro-
visions of the bill it makes it mandatory upon
motion of either the people or the defendant in
the trial of a criminal action to produce the
testinony given before the Grand Jury by a
witness, to see that the testimony @iven atthe
trial in consistent with that given before the
Grand Jury, It is now discretionary with any
Judge to grant a motion calling for such
testimony,

Tho old High-Voard-Fence bill made its ap-
Pearance In the Assembly this morning and
Young Tim Sullivan stands sponsor for it, It
calls for the abolition and the prohibition of
tight-board fences on any Jot of land on any
street or avenue in New York city. All fences,
if of wood, hereafter, must be of picket patterao
and must not be used for advertising pur-
poses, He also has another bill tothe vffect
that no signs or advertising boards over six
feet in height aball be erected upon any bulid-
ing in any city of the first or second class, or
any fence over ten feet in height for advertis-

}
| in purposes.

‘ol, Hoche handed in four of his famous bills
ofthe lust session, One prohibits the elevated
railroad froin engaging in any other kind of
business, such aK the sale of papers and mers
chandise, Another r duces the rate of interest
charged by pawnbrokers from two per cent,

er month to one percent, The third provides

for the lewal inspection of foreign stock core

vorations doing business in this State and tax-
| ng them oue-eighth of one per ceut. therefor
|
|
|
i
|
|
|
|

 

  

 

 

 

He alan wishes t0 provent the use of prisun-
ade goods in schools,
As é bill drafter John J. O'Connell, the
Democratic Assemblyman from the Twenty-
alxth New York city district, ts orieinal, He
introduced his first bill of the session to-day,
and {t is decidedly unique and inconsistent,
If it should become a law there would be on
the statute books of this State an act prohibit
ing acertain thing in one paragraph and in
ly winds up
1uW 1s

the next pormitting it, and fina
by moking
violated, y
Mr. O'Connell's purpose tn introducing the
hill fe evidentiy to evade the lottery law, He
attemptato amend the penal codo in relation
to the use of trading stamps, He amends title
Xi. of the code by adding a new section
Zutheleaves in a paragraph of the existing
law which provides that no person shail sell or
offer for sale any articleor merebandise, with
the promise expressed or implied that he will

it a misdemeanor if the

give atioket, check or stamp that may be used |
in payment or exchange forany other article |

of merchaudise or exchangeable tn money

Immediately following this comes Mr, O'Con-

nel!'samendment, which jegalizes whatis pro-

j hibited in the above, He makes it so in the
following language

“It shail not be unlawful forany merch
manufacturer to plage tickets of coupon
vackages of goods sold or manufacture! by
him, auch ti¢kets or coupona to bea redeemed
by such merchant or manufacturere ther in
money or merehandise, whether such pack-
ages are sold directly to the consumer or
through retail merchants, Nor shali it bean
lawful for any person to give out witheuch
package tickets or Coupons so given out by
euch merchant or manu'acturer :

Last year an anti-trading stamp bill was he-
forethe Legislature, but was killed, and the
Dill is to be revived again by Mr. Maher,
who has a mania for Introducing bills,

Renator Marshall and Assemblyman Jacob D.
Remsen of Brooklyn have introduced two. bills
conferring authority upon the Board of Publie
Improvement of New York city to oven and
improve as public streets in the borough of

| Brooklyn Bedford avenue trom the Fastern
Parkway in the Twenty-fourth wad, and
| extend it southerly to Flatbush avenue, and
| Remsen avenue from the intersection of Utica
| and Fast New York avenues, southeasterly to
amaica Bay
| : These two members have another bill that
| requires all atreet surface railroads within the
| borough of Brooklyn, to sprinkle the streets
over which they pass from June lto Ort, Lin
each year s i

These other Assembly bills were Introduced:

Mr. Harb Fmipowerng the Fire Commia
sloners of New York city to appoint Daul lJ, Curley
@ fireman of the fourth yrale

Mr Poth—Authorzing tue Police Commissiouers
of New York city torebesran] determine the charges
against Riehard Dillon, a policeman, who has ay
plied forreinstatement y

Mr, Sanders—His referen ium bill of list year, ey

perent ofthe qualified voters the mght to

  

inger

 

t
eee changes in legislation ant to take the init
ative in the rehtof rejection or approval of legtsla
¥ ‘Alan his dormant acount tll of Inet vear, reoutr
{ng savings banks to turn overto the State Sr
tendent of Banks all depos ts that have r
unclaimed fora period of thirty years

Mr Wilson—Extending the exterior plor head ad-
jacent to the shores of the boroigh ¢ f Broc kiyn in
accordapee with the report of th retary of War
wade in lve

Mr. Alida E
pletion of at pograplica! suivey of the State

 

 

Appropritting $50,000 for the com-

REPFORMATORIES TOR WOMEN,

Proposed Amendment to the Penal Code
as Suggested by Gov, Roosevelt.

ALBANY, Jan. 12.—At a conference of mem-
bers of the Board of Managers of State Insti-
tutions for Women with Deputy State Comp-
troller Gilman, Secretary McLaughlin of the
State Prison Commission and Secretary Heb-
berd of the State Hoard of Charities, held inthe
office of the State Prison Commission to-day,
it was decided to draft n bill to strike out the
provision In section GUS of the Ponal Code,
under which women convicted of felonfes can
be sent toreformatories for women, or to jails
or penitentiaries, when the term of sentence is
for less than a year, and in its place insert the
following:

“Thatu woman between the ages of fifteen
and thirty years, convicted of a felony, who
has not beretofore been convicted of a erime
punishable by imprisonment ina State prison,
may, inthe discretion of the trial court, be
sentenved to a house of refuge or reformatory
for women, to be there conf ned under the
provision of law relating to such house of re-
fuge or reformatory.”

This amendment was suggestal by

 

Gov
Roosevelt in his messaga and is ainied to pre-
veni the sending of tneorr gibic females to
these institutions, their presence being respon.
aibleforsuch riota as occurred inthe Hydson
Hoase of Refuge for Women just Summer,

|
|
|
|
|

 

 

Aywany, Jan. 12 ~Artielos of incorporation

ofthe College Women's Club, with principal

office in New York efty, wero filed with the
Secretary of State to-day. [tis proposed to aid
college graduates or undergra’untes with
loans, without interest, to enable them to pur-
gue their eollege stules; also to foster
stronger and more helpful relations amonw vil
eollege-bred women, fn order to promote the |
higher edueation of women, The ireetors
are: Jeanne C. Irwin-Martin, Jennie B, er,

  

Sarah FE WH. Venfleld, Poorenee Baird

     
 

 

Georgia May Venfleid, Bila Filson Swift, Char
lor Jevins, Sara ’ Baker,
W aT. Johnes, Anna towers nnd
N C) Hatehinson of New York eity and

Esther Matson of Brookiy:
An Lilustrated Lee ure on Napoleon,

Garrett P. Serviss willdeliver at the B
Lyceum this forenoon the second lecture lithe

series of jilustrated iectures on “The Romance
of Travel and Histor: Wea sulye 1 he
“Napoleon Bonaparte, fram Corsis

Helens.” and the dramatic scenes in th feof
the great Finperor will be shown on the ser

 

in colured piett ind descr rs
Tl

e lecture wil begin at bf!

ture

Cross for Heaventy Res

the (scghter of Su

4 presented a
a eres to thay unry eho; of t
rose Was
at i
r M

rhoinh ais

Miss Augusta Smythe
‘ ) !

previa Court dustiog Smych
be :
Churchofthel vel i
Placed on the altar a the ha
the rector, t | py, 2D i
ia Fuile by De, Me

the

 

Yhe altar w
morialtol

warden of the chur

Gollen Wedding of an Old Policemen,
Theron ‘I Vhomyg 1 of ds
eerved on the Now York potiee for

to ISSA and Was retired

 

geant, celebrated his go

dav night. ble 675 vearsold ¢

martrie! tiia present vile was adaughter of

Casper CC. Childa, the (first Commissioner of
\ durorso. p w York eily.

rkeley |

Mortuary Chapel,

afriend Df y | eho wa » |

 

 

} in the pro-Cathedral in. Jay street,

  

     
  
  

:

 

He was a well-known member of the stock

exchange, and on Saturdays, particularly, would

find himself in a state of collapse.

A cocktail

would have helped him, perhaps, but he finds that

if he swallows a Ripans Tabule when he takes

his seat in the surburban

train, it rests and warms

the stomach, and in fifteen minutes imparts a

quieting effect to the nerves that is very grati-

fying—-and there ts no vecoil.

 

MONKY AT HAND FOR CHICAGO,

Part of the New Tax Law Limiting the
Levy Declared Unconstitutional,

Cricago, Jan, 12.—The Supreme Court de-
cided this afternoon thatthat part ofthe new
tax law limiting the entire levy for all pur-
poses to 5 per cent, of the assessed valuation is
unconstitutional, This) {a the best news
heard by Mayor Harrison and the City Hall
erowd in many a day and has caused a revival
ofthelrspirits, They will ba privileged to col-
lect taxes under the old law which per-
mitted a levy of LO percent.of the asseased val-
uation and there will be no need to soale the
budget by $2,200,000, a5 would have been
necessary had the new law been sustained by
the Court,

Though the necessity for fasuing sorip tem-
porarily to meet rent expenses is not obviated,

the necessity for purging the padded payrolls
fod thus weakening the Harrison machine ta
he! Low so urgent as it was, and {t {a expected

the process of retrenchment, which the Mayor
has been unwillingly carrying since Jan. 1, will
&top

“ Will not spend the money until we get ft,”
said the Mayor to-day, “and it ts not best to
bank too heavily on the decision. If it isso
the elty will receive as much money as {tt did
lastvearand with that amount better admine
istration can be had,”

Real estate owners are dejected becanse of
the decision. They bellave the law stood be-
tween them and an uuserupulous and extravas
gant adoiinistration.

 

OBITUARY,

Fdward Rorke, founder of the wholesale and
{niporting crockery house of Edward Rorke &
Co,, at 40 Perclay street, and one of the most

prominent Catholic laymen in Brooklyn, died |

on Thursday nightat the Mansion House in
his eighty-third year, He wes born in the
County Tyrone, Ireland, on St. Patrick’s Day,

1817, and, coming to this country in 1447, sete
tled in Brooklyn. Ue soon started in the
crockery business, and on his retirement in

1.382 hia nephew, James Rorke, sueceeaded him
as head of the concern, Mr, Rorke bas long
been prominent inthe affalrs of the Catholie
diocese of Brookivn and was a close personal
friend of the jate Bishop Loughlin and Bishop
MeDonnell, hi cessor, He was the Jast aur
viving member the coinmittee which wel-
come! Bishop J lin to the dioeese in 1853,
He was a member of St. James perish for fifty.
three years, and always oecupied the front pew
He served
as President of the St. Patrick Society for sev-
era! terma, and was long the Treasurer of the
Brooklyn Roman Catho i¢ Orphan Asylum So-
ciety. He was a member ofthe Society of Old
ooklynites, the Columbia Club and the
Emerald Society, He is survived by his son,
Liward A. Rorke, a well-known Brooklyn
artist, and a daughter, Miss Mary ‘Tl. Rorke
The tuneral will be held at the pro-Cathedral
on Mouday morning,

Joh Brenner, the oldest goldmelter {n the
Government assay oflieos, died yesterday at
hishome, 147 South Ninth street, Brooklyn,
Hewoseé years od andenter d the employ of
the Government 1862, boing assigned to the
Viiladelphia mint. . When the local nasay
oMice was opened in 1854 he was transferred
to this city and he eoutinued in his work for
forty-three years. In ISod his eyesight tailed
to such an extent that he was unable to work
atgold melting any jonger asd be was place
on the door at the ussay offiee. A widow and
one daughter survive him

Samuel Rh. Gilbert, a prominent member of
the Hanson Piace M. EB. Chureh in Brooklyn,
and the last surviving memberof the Auburn
Praying Band, died on Tnursday night at his
home 202 Sourh Oxtord street, in his sixty.
third year. Heservod in the Engineer Corps
in the Civil Warend was a member of tha US,
Grant Post, G, A. i,

   
 

   

  

 

    

ace in the City Works Department in
Srook lyn,
Fdward FP. Turner. head of the directory pub-

 

 

 

 

   

Hshing tirmof Bob. Turner & Co,, well known
ti Westchester county, a at his home in
Greeuwich, Conn, vester at the ace of Bb
years, of pneumonia, Le leaves a widow anda
gon, For sixtecn years he bas been in the diree-
tory business and had just completed one for
Greenwich, Port Chester, Rye, Harrison and
Mamaroneck

Mrs. Beulah R, Price, the wife of Warrick
Price of C “land, Ohio, died at Suasex House,

 
  

the residence of Attorney-General Griggs, in
Vaterson, N.J,, yesterday afternoon, She was
the mother of Mrs. Griggs and was 83 vears
old, She hat pot been feeling well for some
time past, but her death was notexpeerted, She
had been visiting the family of the Attorney-

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

General for riya year
William Watson Ogilvie, who was known aa
the rlour King of Cannda, ed suddeniy nt
ha home in Montreal yesterda He was the
largest individual miller in Canada, and was
the pioneer wheat buyer nitoba, He
leaves a largeestate. A few vears apo he re-
fused $8,000,000 for his bustness from an
American syndicate, He was to years old
Ann Fliva Mitehe!!, the widow of Fredartek
Coe, former 1 Wwe nown lawyer in thia
died yestoriay morning at her home, 21
navenue, Montelair, N. J,
If YOU OWN FEAL ESTATE,
aturollv interested in the eondit

snot

PHO SUN gives this each day in

  
 

  
       
   
  
   
  

    
 

 

 

  
  

   
   

  
 
  
    

GOUT,

France,

    
 

 
       
  

   
  
 
  
  
   
   
 

 

bor some years he held a |

FRENCH REPUBLIC

Ca Y Gis

A Natural Mineral Water

RHEUMATISM, TORPID LIVER,
DYSPEPSIA, INDIGESTION.

There is but one VICHY water, and that {s the
natural mineral water from the celebrated Vichy Springs,

_ VICHY is bottled at the Springs, under direct super-
vision of the French government, which guarantees
genuineness and purity,

Known for centuries,
highest medical authorities,

SO-CALLED VICHY IN SYRHONS 1s NOT
Vichy Agency, 290 Broadway.

  

THE CITY SCHOOL PROBLEM.

BROOKLYN HAS A BILL ABOLISHOVEG
THE CENTRAL BOARD,

 

It Gives Borough Boards Powers Formerty
Exercised by Boards of Education—Sene
ator Ford Criticises Coler’s Salary Piaa.

'

|

|

Avmany, Jan, 12.—The New York city echool

| problem assumes new phaces every day, The
Brook!yn school interests have a measure of

theirown. It was introduced to-day by Bene

| ator Marshall and revises the educational ehape

| ter of the New York city charter, The bill

abolishes the Central Board of Education and
gives to the borough boards the functions the

boards of education bad In the several territor-

jee before consolidation, Asa connecting link

between the various borough boards it is proe
posed thatthe Board of Estimate shall approe
priate toeach its proper share of the schoo)
appropriation, In this way it is hoped to ob-
viate ali future trouble over finanees. The
oMce of city superintendent 1s retained, as tse
also that of examiners.

The chief examinor {8 also retained, but
instead of the Board of Exominere being
limited to Ave persons, a licensing board is
created, which consists of the same officers,
but with the borough superintendents added,
Under the present system the city superine
tendentand the examiners are appointed by
the Board of Education, Under this bill they
are to be appointed by a board of delegates to
comprise three from Manhattan Island, two
from Brooklyn, and one each from Richmond
and Queens. These delegates are to be eleoted
by the borough boards and are to meet annus
ally to fill vacanoles occurring by expiration of
terms or at other times if necessary,

Sections 1080, 1080, and 1081 of the charter
relating to oity and borough superintendents

have been recast eo astocarry out the general
idea of the bill, which is to confer more power
upon the borough boards and superintendenta
Herealter the Muyor is to appoint nine trustees
each, forthe College ofthe City of New Yor
and the Normal College, and the boarde o
trustees of these institutions will comprise
the men so appointed by the Mayor, together
with the Presidents of the borough board
The object of this change ia to give {he alumn
of each tnstitution ample representation upom
the boards of trustees,

Meanwhile the question of paying the salary
arreara to the teachers in Queens and Riehe
mond boroughs reiwaing unsettied, It looks
as though City Comptroller Coler’s bill, aus
thorizing the New York City Board of Estimat
and Apportionment to transter the upbexpende
balances from other City Departments tothe
Board of Etueation in order to secure the
money needed to pay the teachers, is doomed
to defeat

henutor Ford is strenuously opposed to it,
and forthe immediate relief of the teachers ts
firmly of the optuion that hie bill, introduced
on Monday night, providing for the immediate
fasue of bonds to pay the teachers in Queens
and Richmond boroughs, should be passed, He
had along talk with Gov Roosevelt to-day
about the question, and afterward gave some
reasons why Comptroller Coler’s plan should be
rejected, His reasons for opposing Mr. Coler’s
pian are:

Firat—The borough school boards of Queen
and Riehmond,it is only too true, exceede
their appropriations for the year 18v0, and to
ao doing disobeveid the law, The fact that the
innocent teachers have suffered and are suffor
ing does not, in my judgment, relieve the
school boards ofthe responsibility of continu.
ing schedules of salaries In advanceof the an-
propriation, nor does it relieve the Comptroller
of the responsibility of having paid each month
i one-twelfth of the money aprroprte
od. To enable the Comptroller at the present
time to wipe out his own wrong doing by trana.
ferring balances seems to mo not only bad
politica, but to come very peur compounding @
felony

Second—To authorize the Poard of Estimate
and Apportionment to transfer balances as it
peases atthe end of the year will completely
upset the plan of apportionment, namely $600
for each teacher and the balance in proportiog
to the aggregate days of attendance, provide
inany bill

rhird—[t {9 a sound principle that every
executive department of the State or elty
government should live well within its appro-
Priation. An act that will enable the local
Huthorities to meet deflelts by transferring
balances is simply a premium upou careless,
and often, criminal extravagance

bourth= The condition of atfaira which wa
fndat presentin Queens and Richmond ta an
extraordinary. condition, one never likely to
oveur Again, Tteertainiy never will in case the
Hisof Senator Eisherges and mine are passed,
Anextraordinary condition should be met by
an extraordinary remedy, namely, the issue of
bonds for the purpose in hand

Cifth- Comptroller Coler's plan sayora to me
ofa bluff to ofset the terrible break he made
J in untawfally seizing on the books of gneeount
ofthe boroughsof Manhattan and The Bronx
and setting sixty menat work to make out the
vyroiis ina way that was never contemplated,

Je is now trying to divert public attention
from the outrage heia himself committing tn
felaying the paying of the teachers for tha
} month of December. tn

Bronx and Br

Aaliaira the payme
| Richmond

   

 

 

Manhattan and The
lyn by mixing up with thate
tof teachers in Quoens and

 

PROPERTY.

   

 

oR

 
 

and recommended by the

VICHY,