EE BONO IS Os

ame

Ee rs

ee

a _———
== ee

SATURDAY, J

Subscription by Mall, Postpaid.

DATTY, per Month. .....+00000+ +. 80 50
DAILY, per Year..... .
BUNDAY, por Your ......cc0:ccceee #00
DAILY AND BUNDAY, per Year ..ssece cere 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Momth. ....cceee 70
Postage to foreign countries aided,
Tur Bun, New York City,

Pante—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevarde dew Capucines.

Uf owe friends who favor ws with manusort ple for
pudlication wish to have rotected articles returned, they
@ uel in oll cases send stamps for (Aa! purpose,

In Luzon,

Gen. Or1s's deapatuh to Washington, giv-
ing an account of operations in the south-

ern portion of Luzon, continues the story |

of American oocupation begun with the re-
oent advance {nto the North at the ceBsa-
tion of the rainy season, Industry and civil
government are now reviving from Manila
to Aparri. Before long the same will be
true of the provinces south of Manila.

The military arm of the United States,
from the War Department to Gen, Orts,
his lieutenants and the men in the ranks,
{s accomplishing the task eet for it {n the
East with singular rapidity and success,
And throughout the United States, ander-
standing and approval of its work steadily
expand.

The Canals.

The one question that the members of the
Legislature and the voters and taxpayers
ot New York have to ask thomselves about
the proposed improvement and enlarge-
nient of the Erie Canal is this, simply:

Of what advantage is it to the people of
this State to build, at their own expense, a
waterway for the cheaper transportation of
Western grain?

There are those who call themselves
friends of the canals who will object to the
question in this form, but it is, never-
theless, impartially framed, and it will
be recognized as such the

canal is the transportation of grain and the
other products of the West from Bulfalo,
wiere they have been left by the lake
steamers, tothe seaboard, And it is beyond
question
state is ample for the needs of merely
local traffic. No one thinks that any bigger
or deeper canal than existe is necessary
for the boats plying in the trad»
between Rochester and Syracuse; and as
the money to build a new canal would be
raised wholly by New York people, the cost
concerns them and no one else. The canal
problem is as our question puts it. A good
deal of light isexpected to be thrown upon
it by the report of Governor Roose-
vevr's Canal Commission, to whieh
he alluded in his annual message
to the Legislature, and which isnearly due.
However, certaln important facts are
obvious concerning the canal syste, and
{t is proper at this time to state them
clearly, that people may have them in mind
when the detailed report of the commission
fs up for discussion,

In the first place, it is certain that, what-
ever the situation is at present, there was
atime, and a jong period of time, when it
was very decidedly to the advantage of the
people of New York to owna waterway such
fas has been described. Whenthe Erie Canal
was built, years afterward when it
widened and deepened, and for many years
after that, it was not only @ vast improve-
ment over all other means of communica-
tion and transportation in our State, but
was practically the only highway between
the Western country and the sea, Rail-
roads were then not even in their
infancy, and the Erie Canal did al! the
business. When it was completed stage
coaches and ox disappeared, It
played the chief part in building up New
York's and town i», Iike
Utica, Syracuse and Roohester, The traitle
and travel of the great West poure! through
it, leaving golden dollars as it) passed,
For half a e@entury, indeed, the
eanal was, both directly and indirectly, an
immensely profitable institution, Up to
1882 it paid into the State Treasury over
$42,000,000 more than was expended upon

was

teams

interior ellies

over

{t. Since that time, when the canals were |

made free, this balance of profit: has been
nearly, If not entirely, absorbed, and so far
asdirect income and! outlay go regarding
the Erie Canal, the State is now upon an
even keel.

But it is equally certain that conditions
are now not at all as they wero when
the Erie Canal was built

New York was then in the same position as |

jit would be to-dav if there were but one
railway from the Western country to the
Atlantic andthat wholly within the borders
of New York,
now go from

Buffalo to New York, to

eay nothing of other parallel systems in,

various parts of the country and Canada, |
, But who tells the Colonel that the Philip- |
| of Rear

and the scientifle improvements and eeon-

omies upon these railroads have so cheap- |

ened the cost at whieh the Western prod-
uets can be carried over them and so
accelerated the speed of their journey,
that the eanals have for many years played
avery insignificant part in the transporta-

tion business. Last year, forinstance, which |
was a season of great commercial activit . A |

the traf_le on the Erie Canal
2,700,000 while that on the
York Central and Erie Railroad
tem alone was over 45,000,000 tons;
while less than a seore of new canal
boats were bullt) during the year,
So great has been the rail-
road management that no one doubts that
within a little time, perhaps during the
coming year, freight can be carried
over the railroads in our State for the
almost ineredibly small sum = of one
mill per ton per mile. It does
need the mind of a trained logician to un-

about

New

was
tons,

economy in

derstand that any proposed improvement |

in the eanal must be such as to compete
with this improvement tn the railways if
itis to bein any degree effective. .

In the second place, it is certain that
whatever may be tlie benefit that the people
of New York State will derive from addi-

more it is}
studied, Nine-tenths of the business of the |

that the canal in {ts present |

an! flourished, |

Five systems of rail/roada |

BYS- |

not |

crops and «ret high prices or low
prices for them, It does not require
mathematical ability to show that those
urging the further expenditure of money
upon the Erie Canal must prove to the
New York people how the protit in tho
operation accrues to the people of the State
and why the expenditure should be merely
a State concern
one, Those pointing out the advantages
of the Canadian canals and the great
pains and expense to which the Canadian
Government is now golng in order to in-
crease and enlarge them, should be careful
to observe also that it Ia the National
Government which is undertaking this, and
that no Canadian thinks of asking hia par-
tieular provines to build the canals alone,
In the third place, it is certain, as has been
partiaily Indicated, that the sum required
to make the proposed new canal effective
will be enormous. No illusions on this
score should be entertained, nor do wea
fear that any illusions will be = en-
| tertalned after the Canal Commission
| has mada its report. There {s not the
slightest doubt that the Canal Commis-
sion will say plainiy, as the investigat-
ing committees of our Produce Exchange
has said, that no money at all should be
spen® upon the canals if enough is not
going to be spent to make a good and
big job of it We believe that the
Oanal Commission will reeommend the
Luilding of what will be a barge or small
ship canal, containing at
feet of water, by means of which grain
ean be carried from Buffalo to New York
for a cent a bushel or less, or for three-quar-
ters of a mill per ton mile. It will in-
volve, of course, an enlargement of locks

and docks and the acquirement by the |

State itself of docking facilities in this city
go as to lower the present extraordinarily

high docking and lighterage charges lere, |

It is largely because of these high charges,
owlng to the necessary and insuperable
factof the great cost of land in New York
as compared with other cities, that the
present expensiveness of canal operations
is due. But this is another story. The
execution of the proposed programme will
cost at least $59,000,000, and might very
wel! eost double that,

We point out what may be called the
antecedent considerations of the question,
whieh should be borne in mind when the
matter comes up for deelsion,

Bryan, the Imperialist.
Evidently Col. BRYAN is getting nervous.

There are too many Democratic expan- |

slonists, especially in the South, to which
both self-interest and the memory of the
} old Democratic policy of annexation make
| the Colonel's anticexpangion homilies un-
weleome. So,the Colonel, whose totem is
the eel rather than the lion, wrigyles away
from himself, 80 to speak. In an interview
iat Minneapolis he asserts that he is an
| ¢ xpansionist, and gives his present reasons
| for objecting to the annexation o? the
| Philippines:
| extension of the limits of the republic | don't
} moau by that the extension by the addition of
, contiguous territory nor to imit myself to that
W)erever (here is & people intelligent enough to
form 4 part of this republic, it ts wy belief that they
should be taken io
f having @ Volce anda representation in
there the limite of the republic
fhe Filipinos are not such peo-
|} ple) Toe Democratic party has ever javored the
extension ofthe limits of this republic, but it has

| ne eradvocated the acquisition of subject territory
to be held under colonial government,”’

“T am @ firm bellever in the enlargement and

are capable
this Goverument
may be estended

{ These were Col, BRYAN'Sopinions Wednes-
| day, He may altered them since,
He is retreating nearly as rapidly as his
admirer, AGUINALDO, Objection to the
Philippines bavause they were not con.
tiguous territory has been common among
the Domocratic anti-imperialists. [tis our
impression tuat the Coimonel himself
j urged this objection, but of his speeches
| there is no end and our mnemory may be at
{ fault. At any rate, he is now for expan-
} Siou, contiguous and
Wants to “take in”
enough to form a part of the United States
rather Vague, but shows a generous
mini The Colonel is willing to annex in-
tedhgence anywhere from Greenland to
Guinea, but the Filipinos are not intelligent
! enough to be takeu in.
Vory well, Colonel,

have

has

This is

Then, why have you
becn making such a pother about self-yov-
ernment for the Filipinos? If they are not
intelligent enough to be capable of bevom-

j can they be intelligent enough to be an
‘independent self-governing repudiie? Is
intelligene: necessary to Bell-sovernment
here and unnecessary in the Philippines?

) The Colonel's bosom expands for expan-
sion, but he will not consent to holding the

territory under a

Phrases, mere words,
{ Colonel! Why, the District of Columbia is
subject territory and pot unhappy at its
lot; and ' woverninent” detines
absolutely nothing. Alaska would be yov-
erned no diflerently if it were called a col-
ony. A colony may have as much of the
apparatus of self-government as it
earry,

Puilippines as subject

vo oni government,

‘colonial

| pines are to be held under a colonial gov.
eroment ? He had better wait until Congress
determines What form of government they
shall have. Whatever that form may be, it
eannot
beytoningsef American rule in the Louisiana
territory.

Tie Colonel's campaign against expansion
! geenmsabout over, We shall not be atal! sur-
prised to tad him saying, ina few montha,
“while originally opposed to the retention
of the Philippuies, [bow tothe wil of the
majority.” And ina few months more he
| will be asseverating that he annexed them
| himself. A very uobile man, the Colonel,

Senator BEVERIDGR says that the men |

we send to administer civilized government
in the Philippines must be the most perfect
administrators our country can produce,
, They tuust be statesinen of large ability
and pertect probity,

} in the great island of Borneo, whieh is
) Almost within sight of our new possessions,
| such a man once appeared inaecritical time,

| A Statesman Among Malays,
|

| and the results of his work are Been to-day |

} among the 300,000 Malays whom he
| reduced to order, and upon whom he con-

tional expenditure, a very great deal of | ferred the blessings of peace, protection

benefit will be
the people of the Western
by the people of the
as a whole, If the p
desire to spend such a suin of money upon
the Erie Canal as to enable Western grain
to be carried into New York city several
centea a bushel cheaper than it can now be

derived from it) by
States ani

United States

carried, it will, of course, Increase the West- | completely,

ern farmer's profit on his product in just
that sum,

And the people of the whole |
country will take the same interest in this

, and civilization, JAMES BROOKE was tho
| friend of Mepa Hassim, Sultan of Brunei,
who had Won the respeet and thanks of

pla of this | England for services rendered to British |

} sailors, The Sultan asked the Englishman

| heat last accepted the responsibility, He
put an end to piracy, stamped out rebellion

Introduced civilized laws and
!

recent writer has said that perhaps no

that they do in the general welfare of the | other single individual, acting on his own

Western farmers as, for instance, whether
the latter raise good crops or poor | a blow for civiliz

/

responsibility, has ever struek 80 effective

rather than a national |

least fifteen |

| that Congress 0; Pettizrews!

Wuaerever there isa people who j

uncontiguous, He |
any People intelligent |
| advecaey of the Hon

ing a part of a selfssoverning repubile, how |

Cal |

| JR.,

| ODELL.

| Dixon pretended to be defeated,
| harmless and inoffensive, except for the pre-

| administered them through native chiefs |
Who he held toa rigid accountability, A |

THE SUN, SATURDAY, JA

great success was that he entered thatland
of wild, unruly people in the spirit of the
enlightened statesman and not of tho ad-
venturer,

Knighted by Queen VicororRta in recog-
nition of his great work, Sir JAMES BRooKE
lived to see the independence of Sarawak,
and the present Rajah, his nephew, rules a
peareful land whose prosperity la steadily
increasing, the external trade of which now
amounts to over $6,000,000 @ year,

The story of Surawak's substantial prog-
ress is one of the many facta that fortify
Senator BEVERIDGE's opinion as to the vast
commercial possibilities of the Philippines,

' In that little corner of Borneo, lesa than a

third of a million of natives, living under an
honest and enlightened government, have
developed a trade withother nations that Is
one-fourth a6 large as that of the vast Phil-
ippines under the miserable régime of

| Spain. The archipelago is far richer In

natural resources than Sarawak, and if its
trade were as well developed In ptoportion
to population it would exceed largely the
entire foreign commeree of China,

The privilege and duty have come to us
to give the Filipinos peace and security and
achance to rise; and we have every reason
to believe that the blessings of good gov-
ernment and wige direction will do as much
for them an’! make them as useful to the
world as in the case of men of their own
blood in 4arawak.

South Dakota and the Diotionary.

“South Dakotan in New York” thus
warms his hands at an old fire:

“To Tur Epiron or Tar Scux—Sir: Tt does co
my heart good to see the word ‘ pettigrewing’ and
‘a pettigrew’ in Tue Sow, I didn’t know they had
travelled so far Fast. In my state everrbody from
Bioux City to Cainp Crook knows them, and pretty
much everyboly,
them, on ovearton. When I left
weeks azo, they were quitethe thinginscelety ‘Mr
So and Soisaboutthe biggest pettigrew I ever did
see. ‘Willie's mioiher says to her little boy: ‘Don't
petUierew so, please.”

“Bul you have missed one use of the word ‘perti
arew In the northeast counties—and probably
elxewhere—it t¢ used as an adjective, ‘He looks
very pettizrew,’ ‘a very pettivrew thing to do,’ &e,
Why aren't the words in thodicti marries? Many are
that Lave not @) youd a right to be.

BSourd Dykorvan iw New Yor,

“New Yors, Jau 12"

The dictionaries will not long be without
these admirable voeables,
the next edition of the Century and o
Standard definitions somewhat like these:

b
the

“PerTicoRew (pet-igrd) n, (From the surname of
Riowaky FRANKLIN Perrigr®W) & person deficient
in intelicet; a pinay, a ninoyhammer, lurdan, lob,
lout, joiterhead

Hat Creek Herald,
PerrigREW 9,
play the pettigrew
**For the cud ye now are chewing
Is remorse for pettigrewing.’
— Abel Sinkensoorver, Voices ofthe Ozarks, 1, 14
“Perrivrew o, Like @ pettigrem
lect, ridiculous, contemptible.
“' The very pettigrewest pettigrew in Populism,
Windeave Fox Popul.”

inirans, To be @ pettigrew, to

Thus will the memory of statesmanship
be eushrined in literature,

Depositary and Depository.

The compositors aad proofreaders of all
the newspapers, THE SUN not excepted, in-
sist oneailing the banks in whieh Govern-
ment funds area deposited depository
banks. The statute on the subjeet says:

That all associations under this act when desi
nated forthe: purpoaa b of the Treaa-
ury shall be depositaries of public nioney, except
receipta from customs, under such reg lations aa
may be prescribed by the Secretary.”

the Secretar

In conformity with the statute, the Con-
gresawnal Record invariably
word “depositary.” The Century Diction-
ary defines “depository” as a place where
anything is deposited, and “depositary” as
a person to whom @ thing is encrusted for
safekeeping. The distinetion is a tine one,

spells the

but Congress has made it, and it should be |

respected by law-abiding citizens.

Our New Boulevard,

The movement for restrietion of the
Fifth avenue trafle has acquired the burly
RANDOLPH GUGGEN-
HEIMER, President of the City Couneil,
Mr. GUGGENHEIMER favors restriction, A
great many others favor restriction, A
great many are also opposed to restriction,
but, taking one Consideration with another,
worth trying,
how it works.

restriction is well

ancl ser

If New York were to be remade to-day, a!

wrand boulevard for the accommodation of
pleasure trafie, or traffe other than com-
inercial purely, would be provided as a dic-
tute of common sense, So far as it is possi-
ble to obtain that in the Fifth avenue,
which runs south to Washington Arch, let
us have it,

The Hon, CHAMP CLARK of Missouri is
scid to be writing anovel, He has imagination
enough to compose @ romance. If he and
divers other Bryanitesa of the b.ue-hot school
would put into novels the fertile invention

which they waste upon fAnance and political |

economy, every man of them could turn outa
larger | st of works of fletion than stands to the
eredit of Father DUMas

On Wednesday THe Sun asked the Wash.
ington Post, one of the three leading partisans
Admiral Scu vey, if it was a party to
the fraud practised by ScnLeyin publishing a
portion of Hopauson'’s correspondence which
seemed to exonerate him from a serious aceu-

; sation in conmection with tha Brooklyn's loop,
be less republican than were the |

while suppressing the portion that confirmed
his gait.
an evasive nothing.

Perhaps the /hiladelp\ua Times, the second
of the trio referred to, may think the time for
acknowledgment bas come

The appreciation of Revere forthe men who
went from that town tothe Span sh war was last even
na publicly d natiat in the town hall, du the
preaenc: Of@ larzea dio noe, andunder the auspices
of ven Who served nthe Wor of tae ikebellion

Fach Spanish war veteram was presented with @
medal.—Husiom Heriid,

From the modest town of Revere the Empire
State may well take guidance in the treatment
of the Empire State's veterans of the Spanish
war, Give every mana medal!

Opponents of the Horton Jaw, under

| which professional boxing is now conducted,

have made much of a ridieu
tributed to

ous interview at-
the Hon. Beysamin B, OpELL,
chairman of the New York Kepub-
State Committee, in which Mr.
who had seen the fight between
Dixon and McGovern, was represented
as denouncing the law, not beeause the
small men aforesa.d had fought, but because
they had notfought. It Wasa" fake,” in whieh
It was ail

liean

tenve Ih it
According to this vlew, the Horton law ought

not to be repealed, but should be made more
' '
| drastic in its requirements upon the referee to

| Ile . ne
| to take the governor ship of Sarawak, and | see that all contests unde . it mean business.

“Tenclose the weekly statement of the Aaso-
ciated Banks, Ourown position tonights. ad loans
in Wal Steeetot ®oo,l01 000, and sash pour vaults,
$35,608,000." —/'restdent of the National City Bank
to 8¢ retary Gage, April A, [R09

And yet some people wantan “elastic” eur-
rency, to ald speculation in stocks!

Weregret to learn that the Hon, Cato
SELts, the biggest Democratic chief in lowa,

ation, The seeret of big i was knocked dowo by a Chivago automobile

Ret Arena tesecrmaree ney

on the night when he was to “unveil
& parallel” at a Jackson Day  ban-
quet where Bryan, Canten HAsnison
and “Geo. Jow Dow of Wisconsin spoke
mighty sentences, The Hon, Cato S8SLLS Is
one of tym sternest foes of the Octopus. Does
he believe that that automobile singled him
out by accident? Can he believe that from all
the milliona of persons in Ohicago that night,
accident pleked out the Hon, Cato SeLLs to be
the victim of a devil-wagon?
STO

EXPECTED FIGHTING IN NATAL,

Gen, Buller has made the first move in the
next operation for the relief of Ladysmith in
the direction expected, In his despatch from
Rpringtleld, which lies between the Little
Tugela and the upper stream of the Tugela,

ARY 18,

he reports the occupation of the south bank of |

) the latter at Potgleter’s Drift and the seizure

ol the crossing. lt was evident from the fre-
quent reconnoissances that have been male
{n this direction sinee the defeat at Colenso
that there was an ulterior
makea movement by the Boer right flank
The Boors at least expected it, as they disap-
peared from Springile!ld about a week ago,

parties, and took up a position on the north
bide of the Tugela, commanding Potgioter’s
Drift, and have strongly

captured at Colenso last month. Gen. Buller,
in his despaten referred to, contiems he re-
ports previously reeéived on this subject.

The jin portanee of this move of Gen, Buller’s
ja at once apparent on examining the map,
Should the passage of the Tugela at that point
be successfully elected, and the Boers be
driven from their intrenched position, the
Dritish will obtain hold of the road between
Acton Homes and Dewdrop, and be on the
shortest road into Ladysmith, with a tempos
rary railroad base somewhere near Spr ne-
fluid. In addition, as has been already pointed

out, they at ones control the roads lead.

 

except @ few silver cranks, uses |
Sious City, two |

; Ments

| Fort Wylie and along the porth

We shall tind in |

| fighting, which ea

weak in intel. |

| deteriorating

| Casualties on tha th pats them at 13 offl-ers

; Maat

Pry it}

The Post makes an answer that is |

ing to the Olivier’s Hoek, Bezuidenhout and
Tintwa which will be important in
View of the operations to follow, The Boers

plasses,

' holding the positions commanding Potgietar’s

Driftare said to bea under fen Viljoen,

Gen,

,

0 A dle ay +

1900,

ENGLAND AND THE BOERS,

The Impossibility of Great Britain's Gaining
Anything by Pursuing the War,

Totne Eprron or Tae SUN—Sir; Tho re-
ports from South Africa continue to be whglly
discouraging tothe British, So far, no ray of
welcome light appears, The reportol the mon-
tal collapse of Gen, Methuen and hia conse.
quent recall is denied by the London War OMlve,
but it seems to have some foundation in fact
At any rate, there 14 no question that great dis-
satisfaction with him exists in hia army and tt
{8 indicative of grave demoralization. The
hopes placed on Gen, Buller are vatn.
Gen, White at Ladysmith aeema to be in worse
case than he was before his heralded victory
over the Boers, Nothing comea to relieve
British anxlety regardins Kimberley

Thie i# the situation in whieh Gen, Roberta
finds the British campaign on arriving at Cope
Town, The best troops of the army are overys |

, Where at bay, and the necessity of reorganiz ne

intention to |

aecording to the reports o! the British acouting |

fortited and in- |
trenched it, Mounting on it some of theguns |

| iol

one of the most energetic of Gen, Joubert’s |

| subordinates, and comprise the Johannesburg

contingents, alarge puinber ot which are for-
elyners,

| before them

There is no indication of what other move- |

are contemplated, but
should be against Inl awe Hill, 80 a4 to obtain
of the crossing of the Tugela below
Pieters Station and tuke the Boor positions at
bank in fe.
verse, While a frontal demonstration
was made to retain the

coutrol

from Esteourt is also

In all probability the dispositions for the
next advanee ou the Tugela are already as
complete as they can be under the cireum-

ikeiy

) stances, and so far as the diMflculties attending
‘There® no pettigrew Ike an old pettigrew.’-- | the
' the reports of the

permit. According to
Boer preparations, they ap
the importance of the rext
not now be far off, for not-

piimistio character of re-

transport service
pear fully alive t

withstanding the

| cent reports about the condition of things in

Ladysmith, there ds little doubt thattt iain need
of early reef, The jogses sustained in list
Saturday's fight ny have seriously weakened

| the effective strength of the garrison, and the

numbers of deaths trom fever which have been
reported show that the general health is rapidly
Ihe oMleial statement of

and 135 men killed, and 27 offeers and 245

| men wounded,

From the other spheres of operations there
fs nothing of muchtmportance, but movements
arenotedon the Boer side that indieate pre-

| parations to meet a change in the future course
| of the campaign. While a second failure on the

part of Gen, Baller may tuvolye the early cape
itulation or evacuation of Ladysmith, his suc-
Ii mark anew departure tn the conduct
of the war, anidtopen the way to the central ad-
| Vance through the Orange Free State to Johan-
nesbarg and Pretoria,which is said to have been
the original policy of thecampaign,

Cass W

THE Wilke OF

Her Distrust of Englishmen, Her Piety and
Her Domestic Virtues,

OOM PATL,

From the
It is during the Jameson raid,
of the Jan

ehildren,

Ariation Inte! igencer

The firatiadly

s sitting on the porch of the
wh ch constitutes the executive
ho w Seuth African Repul ie. dn
} tt “ykamer” (parlor) the President eonfers

With his Cabinet. “Tonte” (aunt) Krusers ite
bsecins to be entirely taken up ty. her
ounting the stitches,
ar head ahd fistens.
speaking hLoglis
! one of the guards which

Bilt)

Somelouy is

have
pPiaced aro
Oom Pau trom any treacherous design on the
partottihe “Uithinders,”
}invine ble averaton to
ritish, athough she

the tongue of th
' un speaks it fairly well,
S| minediiatel y her knitting down and
‘room the Cabinet
! un ‘ usly  dnterripts
*"Neef” (cousin) dou-
beotthatone of the guards was an ‘Engels-
n’ iwiishman’. Through tce  win-
fow she ports out the man in qnestion
} Viet Joubert laughe and assures her that
| the guard isailoyal “Afrikooder”’ Her hus
land supports Dim. but bis good wite ia not
atiatied, She quotes the old) Dutch proverb
caution is the mother of the china
and jnsista that the guard be replucet
by woman whowill speak “de taal’ (the lan-
guage when on duty
} Catonet Know from experiences that there is no
gainsaying “Tonte’ hk ron matters which
pertain to her husban safety, and) under
some pretextovother Gen, Joubert sends the
offending guard home
lund” returns to the porch and quietly re-
suimes her Knitting,
; A truly remarkable woman is this old lady,
in Whose vens tows the blood of the Duplessis
famiy, one of her ancesters having been the
great Due de Richelieu
When the writer's informant, Mr. H. Vers-
chum, the wel-known Duteh traveller, visited
President Kraver at Uretoria be found Mire
| Krogerengaged in preparing dinner, the in-
on siniple housekeeper, yet, when
ty laterthe conversation turned on mat-
t polteal, he was surprised to find her
remarkably well informed, her husband evi-
| dently having a deop respeet tor herjgudgment
Mrs. Kruger reminded Mr. Versechoum distinetiy
tothe Princess Tiamarck whom he had met
uv Varzin vears beore. and who, hough never
openly mixing in polities, aaemel to him to be
avery va uable counsellor tothe wan of bool
and jron
Kindhearted as she is, there is a peculiar
}@icam in her eyes whenever the subject of
} Encland is trentioned, and her distrust of all
that is iritish isso deep tit to the easuul
| vistorit may seem unjust. ul Whea she be-
gingtotel o the dangers and the misery of the
oog “treks” to wheh her family has been
oreed by British soldiers, it is easily under-
| stood how deeply this aversion is rooted in her
heart as Well as in the breasts of ali
“Atrikanders.” (It may be noted
this is the name whieh all Boors
give to Memse 8, they neverus ngthe word
| Boer, exeept adesignation jor @ farmer,)
It isacommon thing in the Transvaal to

one of them |;

the whole campaign is apparent. It ia the
hardent task ever tackled by the Field Marshal,
and presents ditfleulties the like of which have |
never before been surmounted by him in his
long service of nearly fiity years in the British
Army, The terrible problem comea nefore |
him for solution when he fs in his si xty-eighth |
year, and after an experience in war which
has been confined to hostile operations against
Kast Indians and Afghans as a commander of
expeditionary forves of afew thousand only,
th» greatest being 1.000 men inthe Afghan |
campaign,
Gen, Kitchener, hia Chief of Staff, isa much |
younger man, being now in his tftieth year,
and he is freah from his suecessful Omdurman |
campaign. But in that he had natural diffl-
culties to contend against rather than an
enemy whose defeat attested high rpilitary
abilities in the commander, Gen, Kitchener
has yet to demonstrate his superiority to the |
British officers who have been defeated by the
Boers in the present campaign, It may be na-
fumed, therefore, that neither he nor Gen
Koberts will risk military reputation already
secured in any rash or sudden attempt to re-
trieve those past misfortunes merely to
satisfy English hopes, or to save polit-
reputations at home Their task
of organiz.ng and reorganizing the now
demoralized armies is arduous, aud they have
the problem of transportation
of supplies for armies whieh will be swollen
by the arrival of large reéaforceaments from
England. London is reported as not expecting
that their preliminary task will be completed

and their new campaign got under way before ,
The chances are, how. |

the end of this month

) ever, that the spring will be here before it is

in foree |
ovcupying forces, |
| Another demonstration on the Weenen road

undertaken, for obviously the armies already in

ally, and the re‘nforcements arriving and to

; arrive will need long and careful training be-

fore they can be relied on in & Campnign 80
oritical,

This ia not acheerful outlook for the British,
but they must face it. Already the war has
lasted three months, ithaving begun on Oct,
12, with the invasion of Natal by the Boers,
and no where is there a sign of its ending,

There is po reason now to expect that three |

months henes it will be any nearer a conclu-

! sion, unless meanwhile it is brought to an end

| Parllament will

| all England is resounding,
| guessed at,
the |

s Knitting stockings for her grande |

Suddeniy |

been |
nd the cottage in order to protect !

Mrs. Kruger hasan |

in In Bese |

the |

The menmtbersof the |

"The irst lady of the |

 

About two weeks hence
meet and the outcome of the
bitter assault on the Government, with which
eannot
The markets of the world will
continue to be disturbed by the delay, and
England wii! be counting the eost of its folly in
following Chamberlan
war for advantages which would have eometo
British interests naturally and peacefully if
their logical operation had not been interfered
with. The list of casualties over which Lng.
land ia sorrowing, or which it is regarding
with hum. |ation, is already Jong, and it ja in-
creasing daily, but it is short as compared
with what it will be before the end is in sight,

Is itall worth while’ Ia there possible any
gain to come which can compensate for the
mortifying record of the past three months
and restore to the British Empire its
military prestige? Are not the chances
rather that the exhibition to the world of the
tremendous strain to which that vast empire
must be subjected in order to resist even the |
little South African will tend to
weakeu that prestige still further? Moreover,
at what time within the memory of living men |
has Great Britain bad any such prestige to
lose? Has not the empire got along without it
during that period, progressing andextending
and wielding new andgreater power mesuwhil
as never before in its history Th
stration of British militaryin-apacity afforded
{n south Africa has come as no surprise to milie
tary critics, What reason hasther en to ex.
pect thatthe Britiah oficers would beable to
deal successfully with the conditions of modern
war, witha civilized enemy able like the Boers
to utilize the advantages for the defenes olferad
by modern arms? The reports of the mental and
moral collapse of British Generals and their
foreesare notsuarprising, Thetask upon which
they have entered is new to them, and in many
respectsit is new inwar, The defence has now
gxined an advantage which offsots mere supe-
riority in numbers, more especially in sucha
country as that in which the South African war
{s proceeding

If. then, England now gives up the job as not
worth the terrible cost of pushing it, as Giad-
stone did in ISS1, wil) it not save much and
lose nothing which it has not lost already? It
will be stronger than it would be after an ex-
hausting war, even if the end was the over.
whelming of the Boers after British military
abilities had been exhausted to their utmost
extremity. Would such au exhibition tend to
spread terrorofthe British arms in France and
Germany and Russia? Would it have the effect
of discouraging attempts to break up the Brit-
ish Empire?

The wisest course, the truest statosmanship,
therefore, will be to repeat in 1000 the sawa-
cious settlement of the Boer war made by
Gladstone in ISS1. No glory can come to Eng-
land from success and no enhancement of
power, Of course, itcan defeat an enemy so
insignificant numerically ff {t turns out its
whole military resources and keeps up fighting
long enough. Tversbody understands that if
an empire containing «quarter ol the ponula-

tion of the globe keeps hammering away in
finitely at a little people of three hundred

by negotiations

even ”

into so disastrous a

lost

repubies

demon-

| thousan! it can beatthem eventualiy by shoe

here that |
invariatiy |

| feared than the Boere is decidedly wrony,

hear toothers bring their children to obedience |

by te lng them that the “Pn @'sman”
fetoh them unless they mind thei: parents,

When wetake this hatred of their enemies
into consideration, the kindness ant human'ty
with which the Boers-even according — to
English testimony—treat the British) wounded
ani prisoners inthe present wir beconesa
strong proof of the true Christian spirit
among the people of the Boer republies

\ very preity example of this is furnished
when ‘rs. Kroger and her husband every
morning gather the whole household in the
parlor and a chapter from the Scriptures. is
real by either the President himself or his
wile,

The first!ines of Mrs, Kruger’s favorite hymn,
trans‘ated from the Duteh, read as follows:
‘Whe : Love doth dweil, there the Lord's blessing

roineth,
There dwells the Lord,
taineth
In fe and in eternity.”

Though aways afraid of publicity, Mrs.
Kruger, in conjunedion with her most intimate
friend, the wile of Gen, Piet Joubert, put her-
sell atthe head of the temperance movement
which was inaugurated in) the Transvaal!
coly a few years ago, Before
time there had been little neeessity for tem-
perance work in the two reoublics, the Boers
helpg avery abstemious people, but the grent
influx of foreign adventurers and miners, eg-
pecially at sonannesbure, changed the situa-
tion, and there was serious danger for the
younger generation of Boers at least. Mra
Krugerrand Mrs, Joubert have from the begin-
ning worked earnestly for the good cause and
have sucveeced in minimizing the danger
which threatened their people

Andtow, while the eruel war. is going on,
who iat vere more deserving of the sympatay
ot the Christian world than the kind old woman
who has seen seven sons gotnto battle and is
| now praying to God for her country and for
| them? UL. Van ven Bence,

there man His blias ob-

,

will |
| the Jews England

foree of numbers. But would that not be like |

breaking afiv on a wheel? Would it not excite

the derision of the civilized world rather pro-

voke its fear? AMERICAN
New York, Jan, 12

Jews in all Countries,

To tar Eprron or Tar S0x—Sir
whosaysin THe SUN

An Frglishman

thatthe Jews are more to be

very

nation proeperaand is vrowing richer vearafter year
which does not restrict the tubabitaron or the trad
ingand competition by the Jews, liad ituot been for
iimbt not be en no as mitch

Jewish do was very
Empire in time of war and

liberty as she does now
exsvitial fo the Britisa
when she needed it most

A Jew anv a Thug AMenicaN CITIZEN

Texas Has Been Under Sit Fings.

From the St
Scarcely another State in the Union bas as remark-
able and interesting a history a4 Tesas, In one re-
spect at least it occupies & Unique position in the
history of American States S.noe ita discovery six
different governinents have at different tinescla med
ite allegiance and as many d Uerent flags have wave]
over it, those of France, "pata, Mexico, Independent |
Texas, the United States a: a the Confederate States, |
The foundation of T. xas Statehood was not lal aaa
British o looy, nor under the grantor control of the
British crown, as were thos» of the original thirteen
Btatos. Ita first settienent dates back more than
two hundred years, andl ‘ts frat Amertoan colonists

Lowts Globe Democrat

| went there under terms and conditions imposed by

that |

|

a foreign State, to whose language, jaws and institu-
tions they were total straugers

How Roberts Heard of His Sun's Death,
From tia London Daily New

Lord Roberta jearnt the news of his son's death at
the Travelers’ Club. He was talking to # distin-
guished General ata littl: distance from the tape,
round which was formed @ circle of memb: rs, Some-
one who did not know he was present, exclaimed,
“Good heavens! Bobs son is killed.” "What?
what?’ cried Lord Roberts, elbowing his way to the |
tape He read the fatal intelligence, and then |
waked out of the club without s word, |

‘ho boarding-house cook. surely would

| while he

hanike

|} studied

| Foundry, Providence;

, Bood service

! each,
; bark Was, approximately, 2,480,000 pounds,

CATHOLIO RITUAL AT THE OPERA,

Complaint That It Is in Bad Taste and
Inaccurate.

To rum Eprron or Tae Sux—Sir: As an an-
nual subseriber to the opera of many years
standing {wish to protest, through the col-
umn of your valued journal, against an abuse
of constant ocourrence In the stege manage-
ment ofthe Grau Opera Company. I refer to
the persistently contemptuous treatment of
Catholic ritual whenever this is represented in
opera, It must be a source of great offence to
the thousands of Catholics who patronize Mr.
Grau’s performances, and I think thie public
protest should appropriately appear in Tur
SUN, which has undoubtedly a larger cireula-
tion among Cathoiica than any other dally
newspaper,

The latest occasion of offence was on Monday
{n the performance of “ Le Prophéte.” In the
coronation Keene twelve women appeared as
wcolytes bearing censera, No attempt was
made, even by the use of boys’ wigs, to dis-
kuise their sex; their long hair was merely
brought up on top of the head, upon which
were coquettishly pinned red capa very much
after the manner of the familiar advertise.
mentaof the Franco-American soups, Inthe
same procession walked four Bishops in full
canonicala bearing meaningless banners in

their hands instead ot croziers, while a Cardi-
halfoliowed th a robe so faded and dirty that
have
necepted it as a gift. Last year

saw M, Saleza as Romeo twice wear
his eap throughout the marriage seene
was representing the reception

ofa Catholic sacrament, It may be that M,

| Salezavalthougha Frenchman, isalaoa Jew, and

that his action was instinctive; but this fact
cannot excuse so flagrant an offence against
re igious respect, histrionte art and bistorieal
Accuracy on the part of the stage management,
Again, in the representation of “L’Africaine.

jast year the Council of Prelates, composed not
only of members of the noblest and richest
families but of the highest dignitaries of the

| Catholic Chureh in Spain at that time, were

dressed in #o slovenly and ludicrous @ manner,
with dirty, ill-fitting cassocks (reaching io
many instances only half way below their
knovs) tha’ their appearance was as dignified
Os a chorus of monkeys,

Let me call Mr. Grau’s attention to a few
more inaee cies, A Bishop's crozier means
ashepber U's crook and 1s a sign of his spiritual
pastorate. He carries. it in his right hand
always, When walking, in all solemn functions,
He dows not hold it either as a quarterstaff or
he uses it naturally, tu assist his steps,
And he does not carry banners; he might
as appropriately carry a Thanksgiving turkey,
Another instance of irreverent handling and
inartistic feeling is. the introduetion of Meph-
istopheles inte a Catholic Charch, If there
is aspoton earth into which the devil cannot
enter itisachureh, If in an earlier scene in
“Fanst’ he is driven off in agony merely by
the sight of the cross-hilt of a sword, how
absurdly inconsistent it is that he should
enter, with perfect sang-froid, into the actual
presence of God in His conseerated temple.

| Calva atone has shown combined artlatic sense
the fleld. comprising the best of the British |

troops, are in bad shape morally, {ff not materl- |

nan religious instinet in. presenting this scene
at the porch of the chureh,

Now, Emaintain that though Mr. Grau may
tike the liberry te introduce Catholle ritual
{nto his performances, he has no right to
tuke libertics with it. In every instance the
only effeet produced is one of contempt and
ridicule of sacred subjects
duna'le ina “barn-storming” company, but it
is inexcusable at the Metropolitan Opera
House. If Catholic ritual could only be

like the anelent Her ptian, from
stone inscriptions and papyri, Mr.
his stage manager might exetle only our aym-
pathy in their efforts, but, as a short walk to
the Cathedral on any great feast day, or even
a few questions to any Catholic ecclesiastio
would suMlee to brush away their ignorance
Cathotics can but fee! that the undignified and
irreverent manger in which subjects and ob-
jects sacred to them are represented is due
merely to contemptuous indifference,

A SUBSCRIBER TO THE OPERA,
New Yorks, Jan. 12.

NO PIAGUE AT RIO,

Head of the Board of Health There Says
That the City Is Free From the Disease.

To tare Forror or Tue Sun—Sir: As the
question of existence of bubonte plague in-
troduces the chance of serious embargo on the
bustness with Brazil whether import or export,
! have taken the trouble of cabling to Mr. Paul
Taves, in Rio, asking him whether there fs any
plague in that city. I am this afternoon in
receiptol Mr. Taves's reply as follows: “ Have
seen Sefior Nuno. Uptothe present, no.”

As the Minister from Brazil in Washington
knows Dr. Nuno Andrade not only as a highly
respected physician, but also aa tha Chief of
the Health Department in Rio, it would un-
doubtedly be beneficial to the interests of
iirazil, aa well as this country, if the above
message js given to the public and to the
United States Government officials in Wash-
incton, with the idea that there should be no
unnecessary disturbance of commerce between
this eountry and Brazil based upon erroneous
reports, or on cases of sickneas which, after al),
leave Very serious doubt as to their being
bubonie plague,

It is a well known faet that quarantine
dourda in the different countries of Evrrone
have not exacted quarantine on any steamera
or eargoes from Brazil, with the one exception
ot the steamer Dereniea at Trieste, and the
reason forthis has been the serious question
whether any ease of real bubenle plague
existed in Santos, the chances being that it was
some other similar tisease not contagious or
really dangerous. Yours very truly,

A, GUIMARAEA,
E Corn Exchange Bank Building.
New York, Jan, 12.

CANNON IN THE MELTING POT.
Old Guns in the Charlestown Navy Yard
Being Turned Into Iron—Shot Goes, Tdo.
From the Ros'on Evening Transcript.

Only a few of the old cannon which have been
accumulat ng fo the gun park at the Charles-
town Navy Yard for many years past now re-
malin there. For some time teamsters have
been carting them off to the Fitehbure Rall-
road for shipment to Pittsburg, Pa. Some of
these ollecannon were cast at the Fort Pitt
VYouudry near Pitta! urg, to which they are now
being sent, [) seems a remarkable coineldence
tha! many of them should be broken up and re-
cast into other forms at the same place from
which they were sent out new over a quarter of
a century previous, and that many have never
been in service, Some have lain undisturbed
beneath the old trees on the park for years—
and some aven have spent their life there,

Theold guns have been placed in the park
as fast as they were turned over by the ships,
and these, with soma brought direetly from
the toun tries, have formed the unique eol-
lection which for many years has been
feature of the Navy Yard.

The oldest of the guns was coast ata foundr
in Riehmond, Va, in 1855. The others wore
trom Wilely separated points, and were cast
in the years from 1875 to Iki. The teinch
Buns came from the foundries at Fort Bice
Pittsburg, Pa.; West Point, N. ¥.; South Boa:
ton, (Silas Alger & Coo; Richmon!, Vac: Prov.
idence, ROT, (Bail lers’ The 11-inch guns
caine from the Portland Company; Z. Chaf.
feo; Hinckley, Williams & Co, Boston, Builders’
Fort Pitt Foundry, Pitta.
burg, and Silas Alger & Co, South Moston
Roi. Parrott made the 100-pounder Parrott,

While some of the old pieces were never
mounted on board ship, many were and did
Many, no doub’, eould cell much
of historical interest ffonly they eould apeak
Phe four 15-\neh were taken from the old moni.

\

} tor Miantonomoh

Those immense cannon were cast in IN04-5
three at Port Pitt, and one at South Koston.
They were taken from the Miantonomoh and
broughtto the gun park in 1M71,

The Tacony, Kennebee, Franklin, Fearnot,

| Osceola, Wassue, Pawnee and Swatara turned

over their Tl-ineh gua to the yard, Some jt
inch guns were reea.ved from the Osceola, Vine
cinnes, Sabine, T conderoga, Wabash, Ossi pee,
Hartlord and Yantio The Worcester wave up
her O-poun ters Tn 18d the Tleonderoga had
one HO-pounder, but it was finally turned over

| tothe yard by the Ossinpes, to whieh nee had

been transferred, The sehoolship &
now at New York, had two Gepouadors ded
the historle old Kearsarge one, whieh she
turned over to the yard In 1880. Thia gun
however, was not in the Kearsarme's original
wittery

The number of guns of each clas» at the yard
revious tothe sale was aa follows: Saven 700
‘arrotta, seven HO-pounder Parrott rifles, any.
enty-six Seinch guna, five 10-inch guns, one
OO-pounder breachsloading gun. one Reinch
muzz'e-loading rifle,eighty-nine 11-inch guns
four 15-ineh guns, one §-inch sixty-five hune
dred-w ht gun, two 18-inch mortars four-
teen pounter fifty-seven hundredweight.
Bua; two S2-pounder forty-five hundred.
Welaht guns; twenty 30-pounder Parrott riflea
The 15-inch guns weigh twenty-one tons

The total weight of all the guneat the

Fourteen of the Wineh gans ere
order for the state of Afnesachusrtten eed
twenty-three 30-pounder Varrott rifles are
reserved for Grand Army posts, munie'palities
cemeteries and public parks, the idea being to
make them serve in thia wavas monuments tr
the daad heroes of our wars, ;
poor fo ereet monuments,
opr ptnes Orem memorials

The shot park is sharing the fate of it
bor, Very few of the old shot and sheet
remain inthepark, They, too, have been sent
Hae renee to ewere the fate of the gune

ce the guns, a ay 1
distor oie ew have been set up in

have in this ‘way

It might be par- |

Grau and |

| no matter how cold the winters may bec

Many towna, too |

|
|

CONSUL MACRUM HEARD FRO)

for TD
No Explanation of His Heasons for
ing to Return to the United States.

Wasntnaton, Jan, 12.—The mystery
rounding the intense desire of Consul Je
E. Macrum to get back to the United St
from Pretoria,when his presence at the Tra
vaal capital was urgently required, W
deepened to-day by the receipt at the Sta
Department of mail desparches from Mr
Macrum. Most of these communications, and
there were anumber of them, merely reported
the confirmation of despatches sent by tele
graph by the Conaul. The State Depart
ment regulations require that diplomatic anc
consular officers ehall mail to the Departmen
copies of all telegraphic messages, bo Ui
there will be no danger of mistakes, It wis
naturally expected by the Department that in
his mail reports Mr. Macrum would explain the
meaning of his mysterious reference to mite
ters of “intense interest to himvelf personally
and to American citizens,” which he give as
the reason why he should have permission to
return to the United States, No such explana.
tion ts offered by the Consul in the reports ra-
ceived to-day, He encloses coples of the seve
eral telegrams sent by him tothe Department
in relation to hisapplication for leave, but evea
those in which ho so mysteriously alludes tao
important reasons for his presanes in Wash
ington are explained merely by the usual fors

malintroduction: “I have the honor to cons
firm herewith my telegram of this date as
follows,”

It was underatood at the Department thas
there might be reasons which would deter Mr
Macrum from communicating important infor
mation by telegraph, even in the secret cipher
but they cannot understand why he shou
have failed to send by mail whatever news his
wished to convey, no matter how confidential
it might be. In his mail reports he would not
be reatricted in the use of words, agin acatie
message, and every opportunity was affords
him for making a thorough explanation of the
reasons of hia urgent requast for leave to re
turn home. Mr. Macruin's mail reporta wei
of dates between Nov. § and Novy, 22, inclusive,
He sent no. important information. Mr,
Macrum salled from Lorenzo Marques, Portus
guese Africa, on Dec. 10, by the Mediterraneca
route.

Lyddite to Color Milk,
From the Laneat,

Considerable speculation has been madees
to tho compoaltion of lyddite. As a matter of
fact its preparation ia, we buileve, a Govern.
ment secret, though it is generally known
among experts on explosives that it consia’s
largely of melted picric acid, That this is nos
the complete story of the composition of lyddita
is, however, clear from (oddly as it may seem)
some evidence given last week before the com-
mittee now making inquiry into the use of
coloring matters and preservatives in food,
In the course of this evidence one witness ail-

mitted that yellow coloring mattere were
largely purchased without the slightest dis-
crimination for the purpose of giving a rich.
ness of appearance to milk and milk producta
As a rule no question was asked as to tha
injurious or non-injurious character of the
dye #0 used,

One of the best coloring matters for the pur.

| pose appeared to be Martius yellow—known

also under the name of naphthol yellow, naph-
thalene yellow, Manchester yellow, saffron yel-
low and golden yellow. Chemically this subs
stance is dinitro-alpha-naphtho!l, which is pre
parec 8 series of chemical operations from
naphthalene, the substance which crystallizes
in was mains, The principal chemist of the
Government laboratory assured the witness
that this was an {mportant. conatituers
in the making of lyddite. Martius yel-
low is itsel siightly explosive when
heated, but, of course, no alarm nee!
be raised on this account when it becomes
known that it laused in milk and milk pro lucts
to Impart to them a rich, creamy color. Physio-
logical experiments, however, have shown that
Martius yellow ia an extremely injurious ¢o!-
oring matter and shonld be wholly prohibited,
Further, it may lead to highly injurious resnits
oF merely coming {nto contact with an abrasioa
of the skin.

MAINES BOSS POPULIST REVOLTS,
L. C. Bateman, Populist Candidate for Guv-
ernor in 1896, Declares for Expansion.

Prom te Magnolia Indicator,

“There has never been & moment since Dewey
stroyed the Spanish fleet that we could Rave got
out of those islauds without making ourselves 1
laughing stock of the world.

“Had we sallod out of Manfla Bay the day after th.
battle, the fleets of Germany and France would have
immediately sailed in, The moment the Filipinos
under Aguinaldo fired on our troops it waa impossi-
ble to leave without positive disgrace, We had to
whip them or turn tail and run from a pack of sar-
ages, Their treatment of us showed that they were
unfit for independence.

“Ido not believe in opposing a thing for no other
reason than the Republicans happen to snpport it
This is the Democratio dog-in-the-manger policy.

“I have noticed that nearly all our papers that are
supporting the Democratic policy and position ¢s\k
about our trying to ‘tyrannize’ the Filipinos, Je
my mind, this is pure rot,

“If I have written strongly, it fe becanse I f+el
strongly, If the Philippine question te of the hour,
then we must choose between Democracy and Re
publicaniam. If this fe to be the final reeult of
twenty-five years of agitation for financial reforin,
then you can go to the Democrats and I will go with
the Republicans.”

4 Fine Old English Lady,

Brom the Westminster Gase te.

A very remarkable old laiy—Lady Emily Polep—
died yesterday at Stoke Edith Park, her fine mansion
in Herefordshire, in her ninety-fifth year. Bornin
1806, and a daughter of tho third Duke of Montrose,
she was wedded to Mr. FAward Thomas Foley, who,
over half a century ago, le{t her a widow with a fine
estate. Till the last she retained almost unimpaired
all her faculties, and was straight as an arrow and
ready to take part in the fuuctions and amusements
of the county as if she had been fifty yeara
younger, Bhe dearly loved to be clothed in the
richest of atuffe and the brightest of colors,
aud her dresses, bonnets and caps were the
admiration of all beholders, and, however gorgeous
they might be, were not unbecoming to her. On the
occasion of unveiling the portrait of the Queen tn
the Shire Hall at Hereford, in September, 1897, she
was bold enough to appear in Jabilee ovolors, with
Secariet satin gown to match the uniform of the
Lord-Licutenant and officers assembledon the plat-
form, a white bonnet, trimmed with blue and red
bows and some tricolor ribbons, attached to her
left breast,

Lady Emily owned « good part of Great Malvern,
and formerly naed to drive over there from her
Herefordshire home every summer to receive her
rents, doing the jonrney with four horses and pos-
tillons, and being welcomed at the outskirts of Mal
vern by a band.

_———
Praying for a Revival of Religion,
From the Christian Intelligencer,

United and earnest prayer ie thie week being
offered unto God fore revival of pure and undefiled
religion, This ts the conseioms need in the hearts of
God's people, There ts much religtous sloth and
widespread = apiritual declension, The causes
of this condition have long and
widely discussed in the public prints api
froin the) «pulpit and platform, and the
remedies for it hawe received wo little attention
When reduced to the final analyats, it will be found
that sin is the cause of it ol! and repentance the
only remedy, And just so soon 4a the Charch be
thorough heart, searching, and prayerfnl confessi n
and unfeigned repentance, ant absolute renunela:
tion of evil, presents horscit before God, will He
bostow the revival blessing so much needed, and
which ts coming to be more and more desired and
sought, The present Spiritual statue of the Church
calls forthi# preliminary and fond wmental work
within herself, if she would Aildress herself effectu-
ally to the great car :

been

8¢ of world-wide ey angelization,

Blooming Florida,
From the Giineavil! Sun,

Florida ts now on a solid foundation. Theratane
longer apprehension of Keneral disaster in ,
quences of freezes, The interests of the State are
now enfficiently diversined to prevent serious losse

Nee

‘ sme Since
the destruction of the orange uroves in the greater

part of the State other tndustries have sprung
which are not atfected by cold weather "1 ov
orange tree in Florida weve destroyed by a treve
the prosperity of moat of the industries of the
would not be materially damayed

Fox Hunt of Thirty-five Miles,
From the Philad Iphin Times
Wrert Cureren, Jan.i.,- The Weat Oy ate rit
& run of thirty-five miles to-day. ¢ wertny . x hour
Oniy two riders, Patrick Cor ran and | ob sie,
were able to stay with it Several tin . the pe
stared death in the face, b itmood atraty a a otis
better use of bis legs enabled bir to reach 4 eae
copae near Mortonville, where he ook to cover ass
the hunters were obliged to leave him there, ;

thad