~e ~~.

SUN,

a

SALU KDAY, JANLARY

ee wet +. are

L3, 19090.

Papers,” by Lady Betty Balfour, (Longmans,
Green & (o,)

 

 
  

       

 

 

   

 

  

 

Rew Pudlications,

 

New Publications, | |

OR ARAARAASA

  

a

GOLDMAN 18 STIiL MARUIRD,

   

 

 

 

THE

NKW BOOKS,

    

 

Bose, who alta serenely on the shoulder of
a long-!egged Italian as he decorously hastens

 

 

—

 

ccHOOL PRINCIPAL DRUNK?

ann
‘pms AND ASSISTANT TEACHERS
pore” KUILDING,

 

peAve Tul

Neighbors Arrive and Find
Them and the Principal tm the Yard
They Threatens Him and He Retreats
Into the Bu ding and Summons Police,

the strange behavior of Principal John
Bee Pullie School No. 21, at Elm Park,

Parents and

Bae wand, on Thursday afternoon, tho
ee nd tecehers of the achool were
qpare ino a panic, and great excitement pre-
ore sorh in on! Out Of the schoo! building. |
te to 001 ine wasdrunk. He grabbed two of |
the boys by the throat, almost strangling
aon. aud the commotion cansed spread

achera, with ono exception, ran from the
Aches
bulldogs

It js sad that throughout the day Harmon
-and gave strange orders, but

“f queer

e be until the afternoon that he offered
violence. Charles McCarthy, 15 years old, of
gond street, Lim Park, was passing through
the main hull of the building, 80 he says, when

Harmon approached, MeCarthy says Harmon
was under the influence of Mquor, but he
feared nothing Justas he reached the boy,
ral gral bed him by the shoulder and

the prin
placing his foot be hind the boy's legs, threw
rim to the Moor
rs eaila so that he {insulted several of the
teachers Who Were trying in every way to
avoid him,

He went into his own classroom shortly after
»ovlock and, accord ng to William Rowan, 12

sears old, of John street, Elm Park, one of the
{!s, spoke as follows:

 

: oe ‘i dehoke Willie?” he said to the class,
pofertit ung Rowan,

‘The ehudren were frightened at the remark,
andone of them said

Ob. no, don't do anything to Willle; he’s @
good hoy

Then Harmon walked toward Rowan. He
his face and Rowan feared

had a smile on
nothing. Bat the principal grabbed him by
toathroat and choked bim. The marks on the

oy'athroatand neck from Harmon's fingers
were painly Visible, itis sald, vesierday, he
doves mother. Mrs. Patrick Rowan, waa in-
rmed by ber little daughter in the school of
wh thod bappened to her son and started for
thesehoo! building. She would have sent for
the poice, but was informed that the police
ly been summoner,
e school yar! there was a seene of great
Parents of the school children, nume
)t thirty, living near the school,
were attracted by the running of the pupils
fom the building and ran to. protect their
chidren froin the principal, who was row io
theyardand Violently handling Thomas Me-
carthy, a son of Mrs, Mary. MeCarthy, who
n Sherman street next door to the school
tre. She ran to the assistance of the boy,
i, wthastick in her hand, and caused
‘et the boy go, He also choked

thy
rtny

   

 

 

tia said. became #0 enraged

 

 

tt “y ti reatened Harmon with bodily harm
atd be retreate | into the school bufiding, from
where he telephoned to the West Brighton
station for policemen, — Policeman John Hall
wassent tothe seene of the disturbanees and
\ oted the principal out of the school
rounds to the street. The boys In the
K yard, armed vith sticks and stones,
were aWuiting the prineipal, but the policeman

{them. A few, however, threw stones

 
 
  

man as he passed down the atreet.
lozziw Kleming, one of the teachers,

 

st toher post and was instrumental in pre-
venting the prneipal trom injuring any other
ay vmeeting of the Teachers'’s Committee of
the Richmond horongh school board on Thurse
dayeventug tention of the cominittee
was called to the man’s actions and he was suse
‘ 1, Miss Fleming was in charge yester- |

Vresident Burke of the hoard said vesterday
litan investigation wou'd te made and if
ind guilty

 

 

  

Harmon would be dismissed,
) ther woat inttuence might.he brough to
we him. Harner about 55 years old,
ietives at © Chestout avenue, Clifton. Ha

entiy aprointed prine! pal of Sehool

 

or
No Ll, sneeeeding John H. yan, who was
cropped when the new salary schedule went
nto effect, Deputy Super ntendent of Schools

Ceorge A. Hogan said last night

‘Mitera thorough investigaton T am eon.
ed that Hatinon was drunk, Two mothers
eat the school this morning to Pprotecr
their children from injury by him. I shall
make charges egainst the man,”
) .

   
 

THIET, GLY AWAY WITH $1,000,

No Trace of the Men Who Robbed an Insure
ance Office ba Long island City.

4 fruitless search was made vesterday by the
» to find a elue to the two men who held

ind robbed Cashier Henry Athing of the
tdential Life Insuranea Company in the
mpany's offices on the seeond floor of the |
ting at SO Borden avenue, Long Island
ity, about to’e'ock Thursday n.ght. Athing
is 1 vears old and has been in the employ of
the company for more than six years, He
ves wth his parents at 504 Filth avenue,
brooklyn, He was counting up the day's
eceipts, amounting to about $1,000 and
was alon in the building when two

 

strangers entered, Oneof them held Athing
upatthe point of a pistol while the other awept
xoney from the desk into his overcoat
pockets, One man waa tail, witha florid com-
plexion and sandy moustache, while the other
was a short, thick-set fellow. It was the thick-
tet man who raked inthe money. Ath.ng sat
ioder the cover of the tall man's revolver until
the man with the money had gotten well away
rom the place, Then he was informed that ff
heattempted tostiroutof thecofMflee for some
tune he wou'd be shot, The cashier thinks he
maine tin the office about five minutes after
‘telmayduitthe place, Then he hurried
ant nortied the polices, Athing was taken

 

 

 

 

oss to Manhattan, where he inspected the

giles’ Gallery, but was unable to seleet from

the men who got away with the Prudential’s
ciush,

CV. Dyknan is manager of the Long Island
City branch of the Pridential Company, He
vesat OO7 Jefferson avenue, Brooklyn, No
Suspicion Whatever attaches to Athing, but the
bollee Woull liketo Know how it was that he

Wasile'taonein the oflce atthat hour of the
night with $1,000 lying around. The building
In which the Prudential has its offlees is lo-
vated about halfa bloek above what is known
is the Bowery of Long Island City, Thursday
{8 one of the biggest collection days for this
fompany, and the money stolen was received
rom ¢ torsaffer it was too late for bank-
ink. Intrance is obtained to the offices
through swinging doors on the side of the
‘aiding, Owing tothe rain of Thursday night
Horden avenue was practically deserted, There
have been many burglaries and robberies in
the borough of Queens within afew weeks,

 

  

 

BOOM IN FORT PLAIN,

Knitting Mill to Double Ite Capacity. New
Pickle Factory and Brass Foundry.
Tort Paty, N. Y,. Jan, 12.—Charlos Batley &
of Little Falls has purchased the site,
ng and plant of the long-established
mith & Co, knitting mill. The Bafleys

   
 

bul
Dur

are the pioneers of the knit underwear busi-
hessinthe Mohawk Valler, the father having
tome to Little Falls from England a haif

rentury ago and established what developed
into the L » Falls Knitting Company,
empoy ng from 40) to GOO hands, as oeeasion
required. Several months ago a difference
ng the stockholders of the Jaat-men-

 

arose an

  

‘deompanvy which resulted in the Baileys
(eporing  f ther interests in the plant to cer-
Vioother shareholders, Sines then the Bate
Ys have been onthe jookout for a new fleld,
kn to-day made the purchase stated, the gale
ng been nevessiiated through a desire to
ose Uf the estate of the late Joseph 8,
Secarer, a large holder of the atock in the
smith & Co establishment, The

take possession immediately and

| and modernize the plant and
pacity
t nail ‘imenstons isin sight for
Otherthan the advance noted above,
ich & Hopkins pickle fretory hag
evacunt mill bere and willmove
ins in the early spring, and
snow erecting a building to
hiss foundry in connection with
nd manufacturing establish-
48 been at a standstill or
! several years, but has
‘and is bound to plunge for-
Hiost prast ge,

TO RUS A THEATRE?

   

 

BELASCO

The Playwright Says He Is Negotiating for

the Herald square for a Bite,
Day so as '

i I Be 'aseo, waywrght, announced
i Hight that ho was negotiating with Charles
r ore .

') wena? ePorchase ofthe Herald Square
‘ s mm Mr } sis the present lessee of

" Nhe r

torr nee, Wht lis \vase does not expire for
'y ; i ‘

11 Be asco ways he desires not only to buy

tro botthe groundon whieh it stands,

Jive J

oe neon estateowns the property. Mr,
SCOSAVS Cubitalicng « re haek j

Stand rendy ta tune ta who are backing him

the ground, teardown

ty !
pee echt atructiuie oud build @ playhouse op
Bute suggested whim — vaaye

 

gh the classrooma, and the pupils and |

- <n peeencinnimmnaninaie SS SSS Sse rsp ss ss SSS

; one overlapping mnother
| flarsotanumtretiaaround the

Sought Annulment in Court Because He
Was 86 Very Young.

Isidore Goldman, who says he hasn't shaved
yet, was before Justice Bischoff of the Supreme
Court yesterday asking to have hia marringe to
hia wife, Gussie, who is dark, fat and appar-
ently forty, annulled because he was under the
age of consent on April 1° last, when
the ceremony was performed, Goldman told
about visiting tho defendant at different
Places on the East Side, where she resided
since he was 14 years old. He puts his
his age now at 17, She always acted to-
word himas if he were a boy, he sald, until
about the beginning of the year when there
was talk of marriage, He was then outot
“knee pants” and belioved he had matured

rapidly in the eye of the defendant, who was |

twice his weight and age. He told her that
while he understood the sttuation he was not
in ® position to take her on his hands, as ho
was dependent on paternal assistance, and

there was no demand at home for a daughter-
in-law. When he was asked how the marriage
came about he said:

She kept mo locked up two daya or three
days before the marringe in her home, ina
dark room, She brought in two friends and
they asked me my age. 1 anid I wae in my
seventeenth year, They said that would never
do and that I must say [ was 21 when I went to
the City Hal. Sbe tol me she would bring me
down to the City Hall,”

Q. What were you doing those two days? A,
She had me locked up in the room and
wouldn't Jet me go out. wanted to @o out
ye @o home, but she wouldn't let me,

hen [ was let outshe and her friends took
me to the a Rall,

Q. What di you tellthe Alderman who mar.
ried you? A. Tealdl was 21, 1 was afraid t>
ie anything else,

fe lived with her five months and went
home, He was not kept in a dark room during
that period, He thought that the marriage was
4 sort of April Foul joke that had been played
upon him,

Mrs. Goldman did not give her age, but
said ehe was more than 21.) Goldman had
been keeping company with her for two years
~ahe put it “steady company’—and she saw
nothing youthful about him. He had made
lo¢e to her during all of that period in such
ways as she prespmed would beeone a full.
grown man. He had often taken her tothe
theatre and other places and they bad their
moonlight walks in the parks where they kept
forecasting their future married state. She
had never inquired what hs age waa but was
eatished with his appearance and while she
realized that be was younger than sho, it waa
elear he would grow, When they were going
to Coney Island one day, she declared, hia
father asked him who his companion was and
he replied “thiafs my gtrl.’) She said he gave
his age as 21 atthe City Hall

Ap uncle of Mra. Goldman, Wolf Levy, who
was a witness of the marriage, sald that Gold-
man said at the City Hail that his porents did
Not wanthimto marry “Guasie,” but he said:

“T can earn & ten-spot as well as any one. and I

don't care what they say.”

Justice Bishoff said he was convinced that
the pinintif? was 14 years at the
the marriage, and so could give his consent,
He dismissed the case.

THE NEW WIRE-WOUND GUN,

May Prove the Best and Cheapest Gun in
the World if It Standsthe Coming Tests,

The new 10-inch wire-wound gun which has
been built for Government tests by the Brown
Segmental Tube Wire Gun Company wus ex-
pected to reach the Sandy Hook proving
grounds yesterday, where preparations have
been making to put it to exhaustive tests,

Should this big gun prove equal in quality

tothe 5-inch gun of like make which was test. |

edatthe same grounds last fail, it will with-
out doubt be the greatest gun in the world for
efficiency and the cheapest of all highepower
guns tomanufacture, The peculiarity of the
new Brown gun over ita prelecessors and

) other wire-wound guna lies in the formation

ofthe part intermediate between the inner
tube which carries the riflings and the wind-
ingsof wire which give to other wire-wound
enna almost allof thetrstrength. Juthe earlier
Lrown guns and in those
pars of the gun is mude up of steel staves
aid together like the atayvea ofa barrel, These
body and fongttudinal stiffuess to the

Kive
but offer no resistence (oO # bursting

gun,

strain, Itisthe wira wound over them that
wives the resistance to the strains of the
charge.

Inthe new gun thia part of the barrel is
formed ofsheets of roled steel, each the full
length of the gun, but comparatively narrow,
‘there are wel of them, ( the reader wil
imagine one of the long edges of each of these
faatenedto the bore tube longitudinally one
uit ranot erall the distance around and then
all the sheets wrapped aroand the bore tube,

handle before
fastening them, he will get an idea of their ar-
rangement. When these sheets are pressed
against the bore tube by the great tens on
vider which the wire winding is put over
them, the frictional resistance ot their surfaces
nathey leone upon a other isequal to about
5 per cent, of their structural strength, so
that thia artofthe barrel is a'most as strong
asifit were of solid steel of the fAnest ehor-
neter, Theae plates are nade led steel
high erade, each Jess than \ inelin thielness,
and the number required of them for the 10-
Inch gun is 2
The gun is 374 feet long and weighs 3) tons,
Tt jaexpectad to fire a 800-pound projectile
with a charge of 400 noire of smokeless
powder and to develop a muzzle enercy of
3.000 feet a second and an energy of O8,00K
foottone, It ianot believed that any ar

 

 

   
 

 

     
  

 

  
  

 

 

plate ever made will be able tostopa do. neh |

projectile sent forth atsuch aspeed
was built through av appropriation of $
made by Congress forthe purpose, and is sail
not tohave cost more than that sum to butd,
though it is the first of its tvpa to be pr
duced, The wire for winding itis squat
stead of round and there is about sevouty-five
niles of it in the gua.

The gun

cn

 

CONCERT FOR DEWEY ARCH

and His Wife Will Be Present
Nordica and Gadstt to Sing.

FUND,

Admiral

Following are the members of the committee
in charge of the coucert to be given in aldof
the Dewey Arch Fund on Feb, Gat Carnegie
Hall: Mrs. Levi P. Morton, Mra. J. Pierpout
Morgan, Mra, Douglas Nohinson, Mrs, James
Speyer, Mrs. Robert Abbe, Mrs, Lloyd Brice,
Mrs, Edmund T. Baylies, Mrs. J. Kennedy Tod,
Misa Callender, Miss de Forest, Miss Laura J,
Post and Miss Hewitt, At a meet.ng held at
Mrs, Speyer's house on Wednesday alternoon,it
was decided to put the price of boxes at $50
and seata inthe orchestraat $3 th, These
will beon saleat Carnegie Halli and all the
ticket offices of Tyson, who has kindly con-
sented to sell them without any comtnission
and at the regular box offlee price, |

The soncert will be directed by Emil Paur
and Walter Damrosch, The first part will con-
sistof Damrosch’s “Manila Te Deum,” to be
sung by the Oratorio Society Chorus, Mme
Gadski and fifteen other Sololats, and it is
hoped that Gov. Roosevelt will make a short
address, The second part of the concert. will
consiat of so'os by Mme, Nordica, who will sing
the “Inflammatus’ frou Rossin "Stabat
Mater; }

 

  

 

:* Mme, Gadski, M. Edouard de Reszice
and Fvan Withams

Admiral and Mrs, Dewey will oeenpy a box
onthe reht-hand side of the audit um, A
receprion committee of men prominer 1h phe
Jitieal and social atlaira is: bevng tornied, who
will aet as escorts to Admiral Dewey and
Roosevelt on their arrival

  

 

HER WEDDING CERTIFICITE GON?

And the Mpn Whom She Claims as Husband
Is Married Again,

About two months ago Frank Rose, wholived
with his wife and their three-year-old child at
478 Rodney street, Willlamsburg, left home,
and on the following day Mrs, Rose learned that
her husband had eloped with a seventeen-year-
old Italian girl named Carmelita Vanosa. The
deserted woman went to the Lee avenue police
station and swore out a warrant aguinst her
husband forabandonment. he told Magistrate
Kramer that soon after her marriage to Rose
four years ago she n {ssed her marriage
certiflente and believed hei nusband had de
siroyedit, After the warrant was issued Mra
Kose and her child were commitied to the
almshouse, Yesterday morning Rose was ar-
reared at .65 North Seventh street, Williams.
burg, Where he was living with the girl with
whom he had eloped and to whom he admitted
having teen married, He sud the woman who
had made the complaint against hind was Hot
his legal wile, but simply his common-law
wife, and be wag under the impression when
he married the Italian girl that he hada right
todoso. Magistrate Kramer inatructed Mrs,
Kone to hunt up the record of her marriage
and committed Rose In default of $300 bail,

Married at 75.

Gotlieb Neidert, 75 years old, and Mra. Rose
Richer, a widow, who is his junior by forty-
six years, were married on Thursday night at
Mr. Neideres home, 268 New York avenne,
Jorsey City.. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev, KE. A. Meury, pastor of the Second Ree
formed Chureh, The conple met two weeks
ago and it was a case of love at first aight. The
courtehip progressed rapidly to a culmination.
Neidert haa been a widower for twenty years.
When hia age was referred to he said that a
man ta never toooldto marry, The Uride has
three childrea,

time of |

} the modern idea,”

here by Goethe's deseription,
} tions are of a somewhat plainer character,

made abroad this |

| antiquated custom
| tremely unsuitable in this place to permit the

8 Ohe presses the}

I
i figures by means of the table
} beneath wich the

} hands; only

Brief Reviews of Important and Interesting
New Publications,

“Great Pictures as Seon and Deseribed by
Fomous Writers,” edited and translated by
Iisther Singleton, is published attractively, in
covers of green and gold, by Dodd, Mead & Co,
Here we have, of course, the pletures and the
descriptions both, It isa relief and a gratifica-
tion to many to have a picture authoritatively
Interpreted by one who plainly knows about
{\. Here is Leonardo (a Vinci's pieture of
Monna Lisa and Mr. Walter Pater's account of
the same,
temerarious vonture to muke out in this por-
traitwhat Mr, Pater easily made out-"the
animalism of Greece, the lust of Rome, the
reverie of the Middlo Age, with its spiritual
ambition and imaginative loves.” We dare
say that the picture will not seem to the reader
quite all that it seemed to Mr, Pater, who
had very remarkable powers of perception

and interpretation, and, like Mr. Kuskin, come |
The Philistine in |

manded the magic of words
art persists in his unfortunate malady, note
withstanding all that has been done for him,
and he is bound still to regard this portrait of
the Lady Lisa in his own peculiar way. Mr.
Pater may be pleased with the expression, ani
may allow hia soul to be delightfully troubled
by it, but the Philistine will call ita amirk and
will never welcome it to his constrained and
Unimportant dreams, Mr, later speaks of it
a3 the unfathomable smile, always with a
touch of something sinister in it, which is a
germinal principle, and which plays over all
Leonardo's work.
which attests that it was called forth and pro-
tracted on the face by artificial means—the
Presence of mimes and flute players, He does
hot seem to be troudled by that circumstance,
nor isthere any apparent reason why he should
be. He findsin the portrait indication of the
return of the pagan world and the sins of the
Borgias. The Lady Lisa is, he says, in this
picture, “older than the rocks among which she
sits; like the vampire, she has been dead
many times, and learned the secrets of the
«rave; andshehas been a diver in deep seus,
and keepa their fallen day about her: and
traMicked for strange webs with Rastern mer-
chants; and, as Leda, was mother of Helen of
Troy, and as Saint Anne, the mother of Mary;
und all this has been to her butas the sound of
lyres and flutes, and lives only in the delicacy
with which it has moulded the changing
lineaments and tinged the eyelids and the
hands, The fancy of o perpetual life, sweeping
together ten thousand experiences, is an old
one: and modern thought has conceived the

| idea of humanity as Wrought upon by, and sum-

ming up in itself, all modes of thought and
lite, Certainly, Lady Lisa might stand ae the
embodiment of the old fancy, the symbol of
And here is the picture, to
enable everybody to determine himself
whether itis all true. Another of Leonardo's
pietures, “The Last Supper,” is accompanied
Goethe's reflec-

for

begins by saying that this pieture was painted
on the wall of the refeatory of St. Maria aelie
Gratio in Milan, and adds: “The
where this picture is painted must first be con-
aidered; for here the knowledge of this artist
ia focused, Could anything more apropriate,
ornoble, be devised fora refectory than a part-

a I which the whole world will reverence
Several veara ago, when travelling,

© beneld this dining room still undestroye),’
hesays, and he goes on to give au clear deserip-
tlonofthepicture and its setting

 

ever?

 

amodoel, Alsothe tablecloth, with its creased
folds, embroidered stripes, and tied corners,

| Wastaken from the linen room of the mon-

astery, while the dishes, plates, drinking ves-
eels and other utensils are similarly copied
from those used bythe monks, Hero, also, no
attempt was made to depict an uncertain and
It would have been ex-
holy company to reelina on cushions, No! it
should be made contemporary,

 

 

 

take his last supper with the Dominfeans tn
Milan.” Goethe foun was Wise inthe artist
to make only half- i of eleven of the
company, Every moral emotion, Re ob-
served, belongs s to the upper
part of the body, and the feet in
such cases are alwavein the way; therefore it
was wise to coneeral the laps and krieesof the

I tablecloth,

in the deep shadow are

 

feet

  

seurcely visible. We notice that, according to
the text he Goethe proceeds to contraitict
his depreciatory opinion, ist uttered, cone

   

cerning the expr a powers of thea |
parts of the lody. He says: “Beforo going
any further we must point out a great oxpedi-
ent by means of which Leonard» vrincipally
ated this picture; it is the motion of the

tn Italian eould have discovered

wer

 

 

anim

this. With lis nation the whole body is ex.
pressive; all the Is take part in deseribing
Jan emotion, not only passion, butalso thought

Ly various gestures he e:
[ care?’ “Cor

nexpress: ‘What do

)

 

» here ‘This is a ras

aig sal
ware of him ‘He shall not live long! ‘This
is amain point; take heed of this, my hearers!’
To such a national trait Leonardo, who ob-

served every characteristic with the greatest at-
tention, must has
th ethopresenty

not observe it too m

 

turned hissearching eye; in
cture is unique, and one cane
ch.’ That the figures are
disposed in groups of thr d to Goethe
tobe an admirable arrangement, satis!ving to
the sense of proportion and regularity. We
find treatment of a different sort when we
como to Mr. Ruskin’s account of Turner's pie-
ture of the Témeéra re, the seeond ship in the
line at Trafalgar, Turner cxught a glimpse of
the Témeralre as she was being towedto her
last berth in the t

 

a RPE)

Thames to be broken up, in

1838, Mr. Ruskin observes that, ‘takeit all in
all, ashipoft the ling is the most honorable
thing that man, naa gregarious animal, has

  
 

By himself, nnh ihe can
ships of the line: he ean
make poemaand p and other such
centrations of what is best in him. Butasa
being living in flocks, and hammering ont
with alternate strokes and mutual arreoment
what is necessary for him in those flocks to get
or produce, tha ship of the lina is his first
work.” What different deduetions from tho
eontemplition of pictures! Pater finding in
n single portrait the essence of all the
emotions of history, Goethoa
the circumstance that Italians gestieulate, Mr
Ruskin pereeiving in a ship af the hi
most honors ing ever gregariously pro-
duced Splendidly Mr. Ruskin goes on
“Those aal's that atraine! so full-bont into the
battle=that broad bow that struck the surf
aside, enlarging sil yinstea full
front to th resistiess and without reply
those triple porta whose choirsof flame rang
forth in their course the flerce revenging
monotone which, When it died away, left no an-
awering voice torixe any more upon the sea
against the strength of Enginnd—those si les
that were met wth the long run'ets of English
life-blood, like press-planks at vintage, gleam-
ing goodly crimson down to the cast and clash
ofthe washing foam—those pale masts that
staved themselves up against the war ruin,
shaking out thelr ensigns through the thunder
till sail and ensign drooped —steeped in the
death-sti/led pause of Andalusian alr, burn-
ing with its witness clonds of human souls

ever produced,
do better things tha
tures,

 

 

mprease] hy

 

)
the

 

last haste

yahot

Ainte

at reat—surely, for these some sacred
care might have been left in our
thoughts, rome quiet space amida,

the lapse af English waters? Nay, notsro, We
have stern keepess to trust her glory to—the
fire and the worm, Never more shall sunset
jay golden robe on her nor starlight tremble
on the waves that part at her gliding. Perhaps,
where the low gate opens to some cottage gar-
den the tired traveller may ask idly, why the
moss grows so green on ita rugged wood; and
even the sailor's child may not answer nor
know that the night dew /les deep in the war-
rents of the wood of the old Téméraire,” Mr,
Coamo Monkhouse seems to find amusement
in his contemplation of Benozz0 Gozzoli's pic-
ture ot the rape of Helen, here included. The
artist in this illustration compliments his sub-
ject by making it frankly Italian, Mr, Monke
house observes that one can scarcely Imagine
aface or flgure much ‘ess elrasieal than that
of the tuir beauty wil the

The reader may try as & rather |

He |

place |

“Theartist’s |
| judgment selecter the tables of the monks for

| have much sale for them,

Chriat should |

 

} could

: Cherokee alphabet,

off with her down a trim path to A eon-
venient ship, Paris wears tights, and all
the Trojans are dressed like the pictures
of Christopher Columbus, The book con-
talns somo fifty pictures, all amply
and inatructively interpreted and deseribed,
ln the translation of Julos Guiffrey's account
of Van Dyck's pleture of the children of Charles
1. we find it said of this pleture that “the most
watchful precautions andthe most respectful
regard are at its service” in ita place of deposit
{n Turio, This sounds like a piece of literal
translation, but it is good to hear that the pic-
ture is well conserved,

In his preface to “The Four-Masted Cat-
Boat. and Other Truthfal Tales,” written by
Charles Battel! Loomis, and published by the
Century Company, the author says:

“In Introductug my book to the reader (how Hkea

| book agent that sounds!) I wish to say that the only

bond of union between the various sketches is that
they were ail done by the same hand—or hands, as
they were written on a typewriter, Whether it
would bave added to their interest to have placed
the same characters in each ske'ch is pot for me to

j say, but it would have been u great bother to do it,

and in getting up a book the thing to avoid te
bother, It hasn't bothered me to write it, I hope

| it wont bother you to read it, for I'd bate to have

you bothered on my account.”

Under the general and comprehensive title
of “A Few Idiotisms,” Me. Loomis has ecllected
anumber of short sketches of humorous in-
tent, First, there is one of those rollicking sea
stories in which the crew chew oakum, man

He mentions the legend | the taff-rail and light the top-lights on tho

stern-sprit: and the captain weighs the anchor
and carefully puts the figures down in the log-
book, As a general rule, the captain follows
this up by standing on a tack or throwing his
watch overboard to lighten the ship—though it
is but fair to admit that Mr. Loomis has not
availed himself of either of these latter exper!-
enced and reliable smile-provokers, He exploits
the humorous possibilities of such themes as
the prevalence of Scottish dialect in contempo-
rary fiction—the bargain-counter at which as-
sorted dialects are supplied to writers of short
stories forthe domestic magazines—the canni-
balin his obvious and intimate relation with
the miasionary—the bull, the girl and the red
shawl~and, of course, the maiden aunts and
the sallor’s parrot, All are more or leas enter-
taining and unlikely to bother the reader more
than, according to the preface, they bothered
the writer, Perhaps the beat of them {s that
entitled “A lTweuliar Industry.” Here Mr.
Loomis pictures himself as calling upon a frm
of professional fun-smiths, and to him the
eenior partner, Mr, Jo Cose, thus explains
their business methods:

“We are in the joke business. Originaland second-
hand jokes bonght and sold, O)l jokes made over
as goodas new. Good old etand-brs altered to suit
the tines, Jokes cleaned and made ready for the
press, Wedo not press them ourselves, Joke ex-
ponders for sale cheap. Also patent padders for

| stories

Tint rrupted the flow of his talk toask him {f there
waa mich demand for the padders,

“Young man,” said he, ‘‘do you keep up with cur-
rent literaturo!"’

‘Lhen he went over to @ ehelf on which stood a
Jong line of bottles of the size of cod-liver-oll bot
tles, an] taking one down, he said; ‘'Now, here is
Jokoleine, of which we are eole agents This will
make a poor joke salable and is in pretty general
sein the city, although some editor® will not buy a
joke that amells of it.”

ITnotived @ tall, black-batred Svengallolooking
person in an inner room, and I asked Mr, Cosa who
Le was

“That ia our hypnotizer, The most callous editors
erccumb to his gaze, Take him with you when you
haveanything to tell, * * © The poorer the ma-
terial the better pleased he isto place it, It flatters
his vanity,”

1 assured him that Ll was something of a hypno-
t.stinyself, and thanking him for his courtesy, was
@boutto come away, when he picked up what looked
like a box of tacks and said

“Here are points for pointless jokes, We don't
Moat persons prefer an
ap) lication of Jokoleine, © * * A man came in
y sterday,” rattle’ on the senfor member, “and
edit we bought band-made jokes, and before we
top bim be sedd that by band mate jokes he
nicant Jokes about servant girls. We gave bim the

 

a ldresa of ‘J :

Atthis point [ stiook hands with Mr. Cose. and as
Tlefi he waa asying: " Forasuitable consideration,
we will guarantee to cal thing @ joke that you

 

 

may bring in, and we will place it without hy ppotic
avdorthe use of Jokoletue, It has been done be-
fore.”” Andasl came away from the sound of his

eI redected that it had

And, perhaps, at thia point the Intelligent
reader may seent a little jokeathat, in the Vire
gilian phrase, is on the Century Company,

In a readable littla volume entitled, “The
Story of the Cherokee Bible’ (The Demoerat
Presa, Ithaca, N. Y Mr George F
gives a sketch of the spread of Christianity

Poster

' among the Cherokees and incidentally te!ls the
the |
inventor of the

of tha discovery of
Cadmus and tho
Mr. Foster has long been
an able adveeate of the Cherokecs, both asa
speaker aod a writer. THe has been among
them and studied them and their history, and
though himsel!! a Congregationalist in fairh, he
is eminently Justin awarding praise alike to
the Spaniare, Cabeza de Vaca

story Se-quo-vah,

American

 
 

teacher of these red men-to the Roman
Churehmen, the German Moravians and our
native-born American missionaries. He has
a good story to tell, and he tells it
well We learn that the Cherokees
wore at first highly unwilling to accept Se-que-
yah's alphabet, and it {sa curious fact that his

wife very emphatically called him a fool ‘in
Cherokee) for wasting his time in simply mak-
ing alot of strange marks upon paper. Later,
when he had succeeded in convincing all of the
importance of hia invention, the alphabot was
accepted, the Bible and many standard works
were published in Cherokee, and hea was da-
clared from tha Couneil House to be their
great schoolteacher and Prophet-in-Chief und
one much favored of the Great Spirit. Within
seven years of the acceptance of his invention
ld that more than 7,009,000 pages of
matter had been produced
in Cherokee, and of which the civiliz-
ing effect was soon manifest, The nation
began to abandon superstition. They raised

wenral
pure reading

grain, adonted the white man’s dress, became
more frvgal, and favored law, order, morality
and teniperat The women, in particular,

 

seem to have taken readily to modern dress,
anit is reeorded that on one bright Sunday
morning in W&vHa blushing young squaw ere.
ated a sensation with the new spring bonnet in
which she appeared at church, while there isa
certain humor in the fact that shortly after
thiseventamale missionary forwarded a ro-
port to the beadquarters of the society in
Boston, in which he regretted to note
a growing tendency to extravagance in dress
among the women of the Cherokee Nation
The volume contains also some interesting
extraets. from notes mada by the Rey,
Daniel Buttrick, a missionary among the
Cherokees from 1817 to 1847, and an account
of a journey through the Cherokee landa made
by Mr. Poster, who was the firat wh te man to
write a book devoted to showing the risa of the
nation froin barbarism toa comparatively high
atate of civilization, and who was, therefore,
invited to visit the country as the guest of
the Cherokee Senate,

A book of simple rhymes and pietures—both
of that all too rere quality thet really appeals
to the children, for whom they are written and
designed=is published by Messrs, Maemillan
& Co. under the title of “The Book of Penny
Toys.” Verses and pletures are by Mabel
Dearmer.

We have also received:

“The Real French Revolution.” Henry Jeph-
son. (Maemillans.)

"The Enchanter.” U. LL, Silberrad.,
millans.)

“Tennyson, Ruskin,
erary Estimates,”
millans,)

“Thoughtful Hours.” Poems by &. M. Her-
riek. (The Literary Shop, Cincinnati, 0.)

The Novels of Ivan Turgenev, Vol, XIV.
“A Desperate Character, and Other Btories.”
Translated by Constance Garnett, (Macm!!-
lans.)

“Lord Lytton’s Indian AdmInistration,

(Mac-

Mill, and Other Lit-
Frederic Harrison. (Mac-

18785

turned-up } fo 1880, Compiled from Letters and Official i

 

 

the first white |

“Forty Years in the Church of Chriat,” Rev.
Charles Chinequy, D. D. (Fleming H. Revell
Co.)

“The Art of Thinking.” T. Sharper Knowl-
son, (Frederick Warne & Oo.)

“Some Things that Trouble Young Manhood.” |
A Series of Addrosses, (Presa of Styles
& Cash, New York.)

“The World and the Individual,” Gifford
Lectures Delivered before the University of
Aberdeen, First Series, “The Four Historical
Conceptions of Belng.” Josiah Royce, Ph. D.
(Macinillans.)

“Knights of the Cross, or Krzyzacy.” His-
torical Romance, by Henryk Blenklewloz.
Translated by Samuel A, Binion, 2 vols.
(RK. F, Fenno & Co.)

“Photographbio Mosalea. An Annual Reoord
of Photographie Progress.” Edited by Edward
L, Wilson. (Edward L, Wilson.)

“True Motherhood.” James 0, Fernald.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company.)

“The Story of Our Flag, Colonial and National,
With Historical Sketch of the Quakeress Betsy
Toss,” by Addie Guthrie Weaver, Illustrated
by the author, (A. G. Weaver, Chicago, Ill.)

“The Destructiun of Ancient Rome, ASketch
of the History of the Monuments.” Rodolpho
Lanciani, D.C. L., Ac. (Maemillans,)

“The Tiernan Family in Maryland, As Tilus-
trated by Extracts From Works in the Pubdlie
Libraries and Original Letters and Memoranda

in the Possession of Charlies B,. Tiernan,”
(Gallery & MeCann, Bultimore, Md.)
BALD EAGLE #IGiHTs A CONDOR,

 

Wouldn't Be Bossed but Was Badly Ham-
mered—In Hospital Now,

The bald eagle sent to the Central Park
menagerie from the Thousand Islands a week
ago is now a patient in the bird hospital in the
basement of the Arsenal asa result of a fight
it hada few days ago with the bigger of the
two condors in the eagle cage. There are halfa
dozen eagles, several turkey buzzards and
hawks and the two South American condors
received from Germany three months ago in
the same cage. The male condor is much
larger than any of the other birds and {a very
pugnacious. Whenever he wanted to bathe in
the poo! the other birds had to get out of the
waterand if he fancied the piece of raw meat
an eagle was eating he took it without cere-
mony.

The new eagle from the St. Lawrence eub-
mitted to these things until the other day when

the condor pushed him off the roost, Then he
turned upon the big bird and pecked him, The
condor followed him to the ground and the two
Were soon engaged ina tierce fight with beak
and wing. The wind of the flapping wings |
drew acrowd tothe cage and the contest was
watched with agreat deal of interest, The
South American bird trequently knocked hia
opponent several yards away, but the eagle
pouckily returned to the flaht. First tlood was
drawn by the condor, which got in anumber of
savage blows with his sharp bea |
Soon the bald eag e's left eye
had lost a number of feathe
ent began to show the effeets of the hattla,
Thena man inthe erowdealled Keeper Shannon,
who seized the eagle by the tail and pulle!, It

was closed, he

  

| strugg ed to continue the fight but affera time

the heeper succeeded in separating the bir's,
The eaule was so badly damaged that the
keeper took it to the hospital for treatment,
ince yesterday the condor has been more
domineering than eve

WIVES MOURN HIM,

 

 

THREE

Two Have Insurance Policies’ on Gano's |
Life- Undertaker Around With a Bill,

Another woman-the third—turned up at

| Bellevue Hospital yesterday with tho claim

that she was the wife of Samuel Gano, a truck-
man, of 2U Cornelia street, Whose body was

| found in the North River at the foot of Thir-

teenth street a week ago,

Gano's body the day after it was found was |
claimed by a woman who said she was his wie
and had lived with him ut 20 Cornelia street.
The body, at her direction, was removed to an
undertaker’s shop at 805 East Twenty-sixth
street. Last Suuday a second Mrs. Gano
walked into the undertaker’s and asked to sea
the body. When she saw it she said she recog-
nized {t as that ofaman tu whom she had been

eda week beforo Hohad fitted upa flat
rheratSeventeeuth street and Ninth avenue,

lat an expense $so0. The woman
ilahe had her marriage certiiieate at home,

  

 

Be Ba

 

 

it on discovering Gano's partlay she declared |
| that sho wasgong totearitup, She declined |
to pay any share ofthe burial expenses when

jnvited by the undertaker to do so, although
she showed a life insurance policy for $150
Gano was buried from the uncertaker's shop

    

the next day and the firat wife was chief
mourner, Yesterday morning a woman who
said she was Mrs, Mary Gano eniled at the |
\ rue and showed an it policy for

    
 

    

$250 on the life of her hust samuel Gano
She brought the policy inorder to have some
one at the hospital sign itasa proof of death
The woman solid she livedin Jersey City. She
went away to look for Coroner's Physician
O'Hanlon to get him tomake good her claim,
Sofarthe undertaker has not been able to eal.
ject the bill for Gano’s burial and he is looking

for one of the wives to make it good.

 

 

TREASURER MILLER ARRESTED,

He Is Accused of Misappropriating a Draft
for $341,

Onanor, No.0, Jan, 12.—Hamilton Miller, un
til recently tha Treasurer of the Niles Tool
Manufacturing Company of 18s Liberty street,
New York, witha factory at Rutnerford, N. J.,
was arrested here to-night by Detective Dra-
bell of Orange and turned over tothe Ruther.
ford authoritles on a charge of forgery and
embezzlement. It is alleged thaton Oct, 4he
received a draft from W, Ti. Kimball for
$341.41. pavable to the tool company and |
forged the President's signature. He then de-
posited the draft to his own credit in the Ruthe |
erford National Bank, He has drawn against
this credit until he has a balance of only four-
teen cents inthe bank. Two other drafts
agwrecating $700 are aleao missing, but the
company has not charged Miller with misan
propriating. the funds. In November Miller
was deposed as Treasurer and made Secretary
of the company and he thea resigned and
moved here with his wife,

WANT THE RUIUS KING MANSION,

Daughters of the Revolution Wonld Make
It a Historical Museums,

Twenty-four members of tha Society of
Daughters of the Revolution have presented a
petition to Park Commissfoner Brower asking
the use of the King mansion tn Jamaica, L.
1. for the purpose of preserving that ancient
landmark and using ftasasortof a historical
miaseum. The King mansion ts more than
Ho) years old. it wae for ly the home of
Rufus King, and that thisson, Jotin A, King,
Governor ot New York. [t is part of the prop-
erty given by the Ling estate to Jamaica for a
publie park

   

    

Ww, oR. SCHOFIELD SEEKS DI VORCE,
His Wife Eloped From
With an Organist.

Write Prarys, Jan. 12.—Papers in an action
for divorce brought by William R. Sehofleld
ngainst Emily IP. Sehofleld were filed in the
County Clerk's office to-day. The couple were
married in Mount Vernon Aug. 13, 1800, and
lived in Vortehester, It is alleged that Mrs,
Sehofleld eloped with Harry 1. Girard, an or-
gwanist, last July, and that detectives trared
them to San Francisco, where th are now be-
lieved to be diving On appiieation of J. A
Peck, counsel for Mr, Schotield, Justice Keogh
has ordered the summons and complaint
served by publication,

Mra. Sarah M. Walker Geta a Divorce.

BripoErort, Conn, Jan, 12.—In the Superior
Court here to-day a deerea of divorce was
granted to Mra Sarah M. Walker of Greenwien
from Jobn L. M. Waiker, Mra, Walker was a

Says Portcheaster

 

young Woman in very comfortable circum-
stanves. In June, 1805, sho went off with
Walker. They wera married in Jersey City

Soon after they went out West. Mrs. Walker
hal with some real estate ahout $4,000, Aliof
this Waller, it is alleged, spent in ashort time
and then he indaced nia wife to mortgage het
property for $2,000, whieh ha aoon apent. The
specifi’ charge made in the petition forthe
divorces Was cruelty,

FE. G, Gilmore Hurt by a Fall in the Street.

Edward G. Gilmore, manager of the Academy
of Musie, is confined to hishome at &7 Irving
piace with a sprained ankle, Mr. Gilmore
slipped on the stoopof his house on Tuesday
morning An’, besides apraining his ankle, was
budly bruised

 

rou PRACTICALLY RUN NO RISK,

As the chances are vary much more than favor-

avle for Alling your Hotel or Boarding House
voucesltAble patrons if you: lace your adver-
thew Mh AM ew a eviuille, Aude

OOKS WHICH HAVE |

MADE THEIR Way.

   

THe Book oF THe Hour.

BRITON AND Boer |

Both Sides of The South African Question Discussed
by Rt. Hon. James Bryce, M. P., Andrew Carnegle,
Max Nordau and others.

The reader who would know what the war is about and
would have some definite and intelligent basis for sympathy
either way will tind the whole theme abiy set fort
well printed volume,—Chieago Chronicle.

With Portraits—Map of the Boer Republic, and many I/lustrations.
Post 8vo, Cloth, $1.25.

6TH LARGE EDITION,
THE Most Traaic Story IN Hisrory.

THE MARTYRDOM
OF AN EMPRESS

(Elizabeth of Austria.)

Such biography is history. There is not a dull page in the
It is all absorbingly, engrossingly interesting.
like a romance, and is only more terrible than fiction, because
we know that its tragedy was real.— Boston Budget.

Crown, 8vo, Portraits, $2.50.

5 x= =

Sse

5TH LARGE EDITION.
THE SUCCESS OF THE YEAR.

ED PoTTAG

By Mary Cholmondeley.

ra, sud his oppon- | §

Author of “The Danvers Jewels,"”" “Diana Tempest," Btc.

Miss Crolmondeley’s ‘Red Pottage’’ is the success of the sea-
son among novels. Every critic praises it and the public is buy-
This success is fully deserved.—\W. L. Alden in The
New York Times Saturday Review.

Post, 8vo, Cloth, $1.50.

Z
—

Your Bookseller has these books For Sale or they will be sent, postage
free, on receipt of price, by

& BROTHERS, Publishers,

NEW YORK AND LONDON,

1 HARPER

Also Publishers of ‘‘Kit Kennedy,”’ ‘‘The Colossus,” Etc.

 

MARINE INTELL

 

MAXWELL GRAY’S NEW BOOK,

The World’s Mercy.

By MAxwe.t Gray, author of

“The Silence of Dean Mait-
No, 278 Apple-
ton’s Town and Country Li-
12mo, Cloth, $1.00;
paper, 50 cents,

MINIATURE ALMANAC—THIS Day,

7:23] Sun seta...4:54) Moon rises..6:36 |
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY,

Sandy Hook 6.45 |Goy. I'd .6:17| Hell Gate,

Arrived—Frinay, Jan, 12,

&s Pennsylvania, Splei it, Hamburg, /an. 1.
Europa, Sundt,
Yucatan, Robertson, Campeche, Deo. 80.
Siribo. Jardine, Santos Dew, 1H.

Bs Beverly, Isracl, Port Limon, Jan, 6,
Yarmouth, Smith, Nnevitas, Jan, A,

Rs Kritannic, Nelsen, Boston, Jan. 11,

Ra Nueces, Ris
Ss bi Mar, (Gr

ergen, Deo, 17,

land,” ete.

, New Orleans, Jan. 4.

fa Cit, of Philadelphia, Carry, Baltimore, Jan, 10,
Hamilton, Boar, Norfolk, Jan
Bark Falmouth, Marsters, Hillsboro
Bark Dora, Barenberg, London, Nov

‘* Marwell Gray ta one of the moat
Siniahed, thoughtful, artiatic, and aatia-
Siving novelists of
she does ia distinguished by its artistic
ate n proportion and by ita
dignity of ideaa.”—Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette,

D. Appleton & Co., New York.

ARRIVED ovr.
Ss La Normandie, from New York, st Havre,

BAILED PROM FORBION Porta,

8s Ethiopia, from Moville for Now York. taate and aense 0,

OUTGOING BTRAMSHAIPS,

Tncania, Liverpool
Werkendam, Kotterdam
Mar jnette, Landon

Queen, Antwerp

 

OOKS-—All out-of-print books supplied,
teron what anbject.

 

 

Write me, stating books
Tecan get yon any book ever published
When in England call and inspect my stock of 60

BAKER'S GREAT BOOKSHOP, Bre:

Alleghany, Jamaica...

| 000 rare books

retoria, Berinuda sng)
| Pretoria, Be mingham, England

Asti, Pernam bne
Yarmouth, Nuevitas
Louisiana New Orleans
jampasas, Galveston

Sot Tursday, J

OKRS—Large, choice collection old books, paper
novels, magazines, exceptionally low prices.
O'SHEA, 1584 Broadway (47th).

=" Manon Le
tler'a ‘Cleopa'r

aut,’ ‘Madam Bovary,"' ‘(rane
Nighte.’"’ PRATT, 161 @thayv.

——
DID.

Trave, Bremen,

F] Paso, Now Orleans
Sul Wednesday, Jan

&t Paul, Southampton
\atoria, Glasuow

Ara onia, Antwerp......
Yucatan, Havana
Colorado, Hull

Comal, Galveston...

 

COF.—Anno El 28 Mitchell, widow «f Frederick A,

Funeral, White Plains, N. ¥., on arrival of 1.4
M. train from Grand Central Depot, Sunday, Jai.

 

HOWELL,—At Morristown, 8. J., on Jan. 11,1000,
Henry ©., eldest son of the late Theodore FP,
Howell of Newark, N. J.

NUGENT.~On Thursday, Jan
¥. Nugent, at bie late residence

Funeral will take place on Ssurcay, Jan. 18, 1900,
at 10 o'clock, from Holy Innovents Church, Wes:
S7th st. where a high requiem mass will be o -
fered for the repone of his soul.

wee

=

11, 1800, Thomas
Weat 49th @:.

 

City of Augusta °
Southampton Interment in

Chrietiansan!

Brooklyn, Conn., his mative towr

Thursday, Jau. 11,1400, William Searls, in hs

For many yeare a resident of Clutea
avenue, Brooklyn. N.Y,

Funeral at his late home, Monday, th. 16th inat.,

Prins Willem IIT... Port au Prince

Trinilad,.....
Due Sunday, Jan!

Ta Gascon
Auguete Victoria

‘NE RENSICON CEMETERY. —Private station, Hye
4 minutes’ ride from she Grand
Uilice, 10 Kast s2d st,

ES

Special Notices,
| KEEP LOOKING YOUNG and save yonr ba,
| {taeoloran! beauty with PARKERS HALR BALSAM

RNS, the vest cure (or corns,
a

Religious Notices.

tHURCH OF THE MESSIALL 36th, cor. Park ayv.-

 

lero, Ratlroad;

 

City of Macon
Due Monday, Jan

Dur Tueiday, Jan, 16

Vhiladelphia

ln . f Go t
Knicker! ocker in the une ¢ one

vs New Orleans... wdially invited
Due Wedae dey, Jan. i? - c

SGLISE DU SAINT FsPalt +) W, 220 at Divine
vooedii ’ : j
in | Kev, Wittieyer, eeteur

SUFTH AVENUE
ner 65th at—Bersi

PRESBYTERIAN CRURCH, or
es 1A, M and sa

Dwe Thursday, Jan. 13

evoning servi

Llandaff City | ts expected to Meiate

Hroadway, corse

 

YRACE CHURCH
- , Holy Communion, § A.M,
? , warty Me ing Praye: and Sermon, «4

Utringer—Cockerham. Var! ring f i

Norrorg, Conn,, Jan. 12

‘Miss Annie May AU aittines Pree
daughter of Mr and Mra, Joseph
Cockerham, was married to Jacob Ja u
ythe Rey. (. M. Balleck o
’aul'a Episcopal Church at the home of the
Carrie Cockerham, sister of
and Charles J, |

Cockerham, uch, m ug
nu ove ’

 

 

er thixevening b
EL, Sthav, and 44 «bt
’ Joseou Silverman /
(ereatest Achievement of the Nineteenth Coutury,

AU Welcome

 

‘EMPLE 2M phe

. ‘vas maid of honor,
Miller was best maa,