a ———
VOL. LXXIII.—NO,- 195.

 

 

FIRST RAISE IN COAL PRICES. coe WOULDN'T QUENCH IT.

 

JNDEPENDENTS MARK
SIZES UP 60 CENTS

A TON,

Jncrease Only Meets the Prices of the
Railroads—Dealers Flootied With Let-
ters Asking Advice on Whether to
Huy Coal Now or Chance a Strike.

The firat indication in this city of any
reparation for a strike of the anthracite
mine workers was a raise of 50 cents a ton
in the prices of the small sive steam coal
announced yesterday by the eelling agents
ofa number of the independent anthracite
operators. All the independent operators
will make this increase, which simply
rings up the price to the level charged by
the coal carrying companies. The circu-
lar price of the companies was £8 a ton
for pea coal and $2.50 for buckwheat. The
independent operators had scaled these
prices 50 cents a ton.

President George F. Baer of the Phil-
edelphia and Reading Railroad was in
town yesterday, but at his New York office
it was said that there had been no regular
meeting of the anthracite coal presidente.
It was admitted, however, that the coa}
presidente had met informally.

The anxiety of the coal dealers as to the
ttrike outlook is increasing. Members of the
(Coal Merchants’ Association have received
Jettera by the gross from their customers
asking advice as to whether they should
buy their coal for the winter now inanticipa~-
tion of a strike. The coal merchants will
not take the responsibility of advising them
and will not call any special meeting at
present.

J. Samuel Smoot, president of the Coal
Merchante’ Association, said yesterday:

“This association was formed for the pur-
pose principally of baving a uniform idea of
prices. We cannot arbitrarily fix prices if
we should want to do so, because of the com-
petition in the trade, but ordinarily we can
arrive at an intelligent idea of the con-
ditions so as to agree on something like a
uniform ecale of prices. At present we are
pitogether in the air. It is a gamble
whether our customers should lay in their
winter supplies of coal now or not.

“We have absolutely nothing to go on
as to whether there will be a strike or not.
Two hours before the last anthracite strike
John Mitchell, president of the United
Mine Workers, told me there would be 10
strike. He probably told me what he
thought was the truth, as he then knew
mattere, but the strike took place. None of
the coal merchants wants a strike. We hope
there will be no strike.

“We do not know how to advise our cus-
tomens. If we advised them to lay in large
stocks of coal in anticipation of a strike, of
course they would save money in case there
wasactrike. If there was no strike they
woukd lose money, because of the summer
reduction in the price of coal which ordi-
narily takes place.”

Mr. Smoot said at present there were
400,000 tons of anthracite in the metropolitan
distriet—about a week's supply. In case
of a strike many would stop buying alto-
gether for a month ormor. It was true
that the anthracite operators had from six
to eight million tons in reserve, but this
would not.all cone to New York in case of
a stoppage of work.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 13.—The presidents
of the anthracite districts, who conatitute
the Shamokin scale committee that sub-
mitted the demands to the anthracite opera-
tors, arrived here to-day and are in con-
ference with President Mitchell to-night.

One of the questions is whether the re-
fusil of the anthracite operators shall be
considered at the convention here or at a
a parate convention of anthracite miners
in Peunsylvania. The district presidents
fivor the former, as they contend that the
inatter is now one for all the miners of the
Country to consider, and that the anthracite
miners have a right to know to what ex-
tent they are to be supported by the bi-
tuminous men in their demands. The
operators are coming to the meeting with
a determination to depose F. L. Robbins
of the Pittsburg Coal Company from leader-
ship, and also to stand firmly against an
increase in wages.

Matcn CHUNK, Pa., March 13.—Stanch
union men admit that the situation in the
anthracite region to-day is quite the op-
posite of what it was just previous to the
strike of 1002. Then the majority were
clamoring for a strike; now ten are raising
their voices against a atrike to every one
who favors closing the mines April 1.
The proposition of the operators to con-
tinue the present wage agreement meets
with almost universal approval of the men.
The union officials are endeavoring to
conceal this fact from the public, but it is
expected that it will crop out at the In-
dianapolis convention which opens to-
morrow.

WILKESRARRE, March 18.—Delegates rep-
resenting 90,000 anthracite mine workers
left this afternoon for Indianapolis to at-
tend the convention called in response to
President Roosevelt’s request. Most of
them are hopeful that the soft coal opera-
tors will grant a satisfactory increase in
wages. They have no such confidence re-
garding the anthracite situation, and many
of them aay they fear a strike.

Coal companies continue to get out all the
coal they can. Householders throughout
the region ave storing what ooal their cel-
lars will buld.

NO BANK CASH IN CAMPAIGNS.

Senate Committee Orders Bill Prepared
tn Response to Tillman’s Charges.

Wasnrnaton, March 18.—A sub-committee
composed of Senators Foraker of Ohio, chair-
man, Knox of Pennsylvania and Bailey of
‘Texas was commissioned by the Committee
on Privileges and Elections to-day to pre-
pare a bill prohibiting, under severe pen-
alties, national banks from making contri-
butions to political campaign funds. This
was the outcome of Senator Tillman's charge
that national banks had made euch con-
tributions,

The committee was called together to-day
to hear Senator Tillman, who came ore
to prove his charge and lay before the com-
mittee evidence that assesements had been
levied on national banks by political cam-
paiga committees in the campaign of 1806
and subsequent campaigns. Every mee
of the committee was present except tor

Bailey. :
t of the committee did not care
J illman, They expressed thelr
willingness toconcede that he was correct
and ores to ort a bill ve cone: the
, Whereu sub-com-

ree Pructed

mi nst to report

 

 

the was
Senate and then exploit it a

, a

wi
ca ae situation and
said he under’ conaldara

in

 

 

STEAM }|'

 

 

 

 

express OMlices and Lofts on Lafayette

Street Burned—Loss 632%,000.
* For an hour last night, Chief Croker and
as many firemen as he could get by four
alarms were fighting at Lafayette and
Fourth streets a fire they could nut see,
The fire was in an old five story brick build-
ing,on the northwest corner and apparently
was in the centre of the basement and first
floor, for heavy cloude of smoke poured from
the basement and first floor windows on all
sides.

Chief Croker responded to the firet alarm
and quickly sent in two mere, calling out
among other apparatus two, water towers,
He stationed one of these on Fourth atreet
and the other on Lafayette street in readi-
ness for work that he knew was before
them.

The firemen were hampered in their
work on the Lafayette street side by a metal
awning about twelve feet above the side-
walk and running along the building for ite
entire length of 150 feat. The sinoke curled
in heavy rings under it and made it impossi-
ble for the firemen to approach closely.

At 10:80, an hour after the fire started,
that which Chief Croker had anticipated
happened. Flames burst simultancously
from windows on all sides of the building
and rapidly mounted from the first floor
to the roof. The smoke, which had pre-
viously hidden the flames, could not now

seen onaccount of their brilliancy. Then

6 water towers got to work, but water
seemed to make no impression. The fire
burned itself out.

The first floor of the building was occu-
pied by branches of the American Express
Company and the Westcott Express Com-
pany. Other tenants were Fox, Lederer &
Co., hats and caps; Sohwartz, Dobriner,
Cohen. & Co., clothing; Sylvester Bros. &
Levy, clothing; Max Rosenberg & Bro.,
Latner & Lewy, Benjamin C,. Shapiro &
Bro. Insurance men estimated the lose on
the building at $75,000 and on the contents
at $250,000.

The fire spread to the upper floors of a
building at 11 and 13 East Fourth street.
While fighting it from a fire escape at-
tached to this building, a member of Engine
Company 3 was ovefoome by émoke
and would have fallen had he not been
caught by Firemen Lawlor and Clifford of
Hook and Ladder 6 They carried him
to his engine house.

The police arrested alx plokpockets in
the crowd.

JUST A PROPERTY RAID.

 

Cops Got Into the Bijon Theatre Caverns
Instead of a Wicked Gambilng Joint.

The police of the Tenderloin station
made a raid last Saturday night that they
were not particularly keen about having
published. It all came about ‘because
they walked a fligbt down stairs instead of
up.

Acting Capt. McCann guve & warrant to a
squad of men on Saturday and told them to
go to a house on Sixth avenue between
Thirtieth and Thirty-first streets and raid
it as a gambling place. The stage entrance
of the Bijou theatre is downstairs in the
basement of the same building. . The police
squad armed with the warrant trotted over
and took a casual glance at the premises.
They decided that the lamp flickering in the
basement marked the place they were
after,

With all the stealth approved by the rules
they entered the basement, brushed by the
doorman and walked back into the prop-
erty room. There they came upon four
men playing penny ante. There were the
cards and the money. One policeman
swept up the evidence, consisting mostly
of coppers. Another remarked; “You're
all under arrest.”

There was a lot of argument at once.
The noise reached upstairs to where David
Warfield was playing in the first act of
“The Music Master.” The actor worked
his way toward the wings and said

“For goodness sake, tell them to hush
down below.”

One of the stage hands hastened below
and discovered the raid.

Just about that time ficCann came along
to see how the affair was progressing.
Seeing no signs of life above, he went down-
stairs too. There he found the raid in
action.

“Aw, say, go on upstairs. This ain't
the place you're supposed to be raiding,”
he told the oops.

The policeman with the spoils restored
the cash and the cards and the squad
worked its way up the steps. Ky that
time the tip had reached the place above
and there was nothing doing when the
cops made their real raid.

 

STRUCK WITH A SLUNGSHOT.

 

Police Say Assault on Raliroad Man Is an
Incident of fron+Workers’ Strike.

William C. Francis, 21 years old, of 224
East 128th street, was locked up in the
Alexander avenue police station last night
charged with felonious assault. The man
assaulted, Joseph Donohue of 671 East
134th street, is in the Lincola Hospital
suffering from a fracture of the ekull directly
below the right eye.

The police say they believe the onslaught
on Donqhue is traceable to labor union
troubles, Donohue is employed in the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
freight yards, and the police theory is that
Francis had something to do with the etrike
of the iron workers in the New York Central
raiJroad power house near the freight
yards and thought Donohue was a non-
union man.

According to the police, Donohue was
standing, about 6 o'clock last evening, at
194th street and Willis avenue, when Fran-
cis walked up and struck him under the
right eye with a slungshot made of a ball
of lead on the end of a leather strap about
nine inches long. Donohue fell and Francis
walked away toward 188th street.

The street was crowded and in a short
time about 1,000 persons were after Frar-
cis. No move was made to touch him until
he etarted to get on a Willis avenue car.
THen several men got hold of him, Francis
drew out the slungshot and waved it about.
Policeman Robinson and Detective Hayes
of the Alexander avenue station came up
and hauled him from the car step.

There was a little struggle, in the course
of which the slungehot ppeared.
was found on Francis in the police station
tucked beneath his underclothes. The cops
couldn’ t tell how he concealed it so quickly.

 

 

Meedy to Argue Packers’ Case.
Cuicaso0, March 18.—Attorney-General
Moody has decided to present the main
qremment jp Use trial of the Packers on

pleas.
low.
ade eels ote ee Lees

*+*NEW YORI, WEDN

}

 

 

|

  

    
  

  
   

 

FRIENDS SAY HE'S ALMOST CER-
TAIN TOTAKE JUSTICESHIP.,
He's Coming Here To-day to Confer With
His Brothers, Who Have the Presidenoy
in Mind for Him, While He Prefers to
Stick Where He Is and Finish the Canal.

WASHINGTON, March 13,—Those who are
close to Secretary Taft and with whom
he has consulted in regard to the offer of
President Roosevelt to appoint him to the
prospective vacancy in the United States
Supreme Court say that ftis almost certain

| that Mr. Taft will succeed Justice Brown.

It is learned authoritatively, however,
that although Mr.Taft may look with greater
complacency upon the prospect than he
did a few days ago, he has not determined
what his course will be and will not give
the President his final answer until Friday.

He will leave Washington for New York
to-morrow to have a conference with his
brothers, Horace B, Taft of Watertown,
Conn.; Henry W. Taft of New York and
Charles P. Taft of Cincinnati. Upon the
result of this family council will probably
depend the action of the Secretary of War.

It is understood here that Mr, Taft's
brothers believe he should not accept the
place. They are represented as contending
that he should rémain in political life, and
as confident that if he does so he will become
President of the United States.

There is reason to believe that the purely
political phase of the question which has
been placed before him for decision has
not appealed to Mr. Taft as strongly as
another side of the case. There is no man
in the country, it is asserted, who has a
higher regard than Mr. Taft for the dignity
and the honor of a. Supreme Court justice-
ship and who could feel that membership
on that tribunal was. not the very highest
compliment within the gift of the Ex-
ecutive.

Mr. Taft twice declined the proffer of
a justiceship, however, and on both occa-
sions from a sense of duty. He was then
at the head of the Philippines Govern-
ment and felt that he was needed in the
Far East. The situation is somewhat dif-
ferent now, although the question of duty,
emphasized by considerations of pride,
is still to the front in Mr. Taft's mind.

Mr. Taft, according to those who know
his views, personally prefers to remain
at the head of the War Departinent, but he
holds that it is for the President and not
for himself to determine whether he can
be spared from the Cabinet. His adminis-
tration of Panama Canal affairs has been
severely attacked and to a limited extent
is still under fire, and there are other proj-
ects within the exercise of his authority
which he has a keen desire to see fulfilled
in his term of office, or at least well ad-
vanced toward fulfilment through his
action.

In these circumstances, and particularly
of account of his desire to show that the
Panama project ie being carried out honestly
and efficiently, Mr. Taft for the present
would rather remain as Secretary of War.
But should the President believe that the
existing opportunity of conferring upon
Mr. Taft the much coveted honor of mém-
bership on the highest tribunal should not
be overlooked Mr. Taft will, it is under-
stood, not decline to become a Supreme
Court Justice.

In the meantime the President is not giv-
ing any serious consideration to the names
of the seven or eight other distinguished
lawyérs which have been brought to his
attention in connection with filling the
vor y. Mr. Taft expects to be back here

/ciday morning and the understanding
to-day is that a definite announcement
will be made not later than Saturday.

Friends of some of these lawyers, most
of them jurists, whose qualifications for Jus-
tice Brown's place are known to be under
consideration by the President, are engaged
actively in booming their candidates. So-
licitor-General Hoyt has especially strong
backing, and as he is a comparatively
young man his chances, in the event that
Mr. Taft retains the military portfolio, will
be regarded as very good.

A good deal of comment is heard here
over the peculiar situation in which Mr.
Taft has been placed. In the understanding
that he personally prefers to remain as
Secretary of War, many of his friends be-
lieve that he should be eliminated from
consideration for the Supreme Court va-
cancy.

 

TAFT DENOUNCES BOSSISM,

 

Praises Work of Cincinnall Republicans
and Gives Encouragement.

Cincinnati, March 13.—To-night the
Roosevelt Republican Club of Hamilton
county, organized directly after the elec-
tion last fall, had a called meeting, to hear
the responses of President Roosevelt and
Secretary of War Taft, to whom had been
tendered honorary membership. President
Howard C. Hollister read the letter from
the President and Secretary of War acoept-
ing membership in the organization which
wads formed to carry on the war against
bossism. .

Secretary Taft quotes the club's constitu-

tion against graft and machine politics, and
says:
“Cincinnati for a decade gave a striking
example of the use of official patronage to
maintain a machine which seemed able to
dety the people at the polls. At the last
election the people defeated the machine
ticket. This wasa great step, but its benefit
may be lost if the people merely pat them-
selves on the back with the pleasant idea
that the machine is broken up and the
future will take care of itself.

“The professional machine politician is
always at Work, and he can only be defeated
by an organization which may be called
together like the minute men, and which
may know how and wher to strike for good
government.”

Secretary Taft closed by saying:

“I am directed by the President to ac-
knowledge the receipt for him of the an-

nouncement that he has been elected an |
honorary member of the Roosevelt Re- |

publican Club, and to say that he acoépts
the game with ks.”

Going Over to Come Back With Croker.

Richard Croker is expected to come to
New York in May, when the tomb he has
built in Calvary Cemetery for the bodies of
his two sons, Frank and Herbert, is to be
consecrated. Several of his friends will
go to Ireland to accompany him over.

pone (eee will be ex-Mayor Van Wyck,
Jobn Scannell, Deputy C hamberlain Camp-
bell, drew Freedman and *
Mr. Croker will stay in this country only
for about a week.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
- Arrived: Ss Bluecher, Hamburg, March 8.

After all, Usher's the Seotch
that made the nighbau famous.—Ade

»

 

SDAY, MARC

‘

   

  

I

MENDS T0 JUDGE LEVENTRITT.

A
Bar Association Admits ite Error—Lewlts
Jarvis Expelled,

At the regular meeting of the Bar Asso-
ciation last night Willlam G, Choate,
behalf of Seoretary Root and at his re-
quest, preeented the following motion:

Whereas this association tn 1898, when Mr.
Justice Leventritt was a candidate for Justice
of the Supreme Court, ffom information
then received, judged him to be an unfit per-
ea for that, office, as appears by ite records;
an

Whereas during the seven years of his
Judicial service his administration of the
office has given general satisfaction to the
people and the bar, and has been marked by
ability, learning, diligence and a strong
sense of justice; now, therefore, be it

Resolved, That the assoication, believing
that this acknowledgment is due to @ deserv-
ing publio officer, hereby publicly reverses the
adverse opinion expressed by it before his
election

The resolution was adopted. John L.
Cadwalader, presided. Joseph H. Choate
read a memoir of James C. Carter.

Regarding the bille pending before the
Legislature to increase the number of
Justices of the Supreme Court, the sense of
the association was that conditions in the
First district demand that seven additional
justices be elected at the next election, in
November, 1908. The association declined
to express an opinion regarding any district
except the Firat, It was also recommended
that the salaries of United States Judges
be made equal to those of the Judges in the
highest courts of the State.

No action was taken regarding Justice
Deuel or the recent attack of Distriot Attor-
ney Jerome.

Thomes P. Wickes (Lewis Jarvis) was
expelled. He was recently convicted of
blackmail.

NO HOPE OF SIMPLER SPELLING.

British Authors Don’t Think Movement Will
Succeed, Even With Carnegio’s Ald.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

Lonpon, March 18.—Various views are
held by British authors regarding the move-
ment in América, which is supported by
Andrew Carnegie, looking to a simplified
spelling of the English language.

Algernon Swinburne describes the pro-
posed change as a barbarous, monstrous
absurdity. Rider Haggardsays: “The lan-
guage as written by the translators of the
Bible and by Shakespeare is good enough,
indeed too goodforme.” Sir Conan Doyle
says: “Reformed spelling might become
univereal, but it would cease to be the

{
English language.”

 

 

 

Bernard Shaw declares: “Our idea of
grammar is good. Our spelling is dam-
nable. Simplification is devoutly to be
wished for, but there are no hopes of seeing
it.”

Mr. Shaw is convinced that Shakespeare
was a dunce so far aa spelling ls concerned.
He is doubtful whether the poet could spell
bis own name, and says that if he were
alive to-day he would not be able to pro-
bounce it correotly.

Israel Zangwill says it is a question of
historical sentiment versus utilitarianism.
If Mr. Carnegie gave him $15,000 he would
print his books with simplified, spelling.

Robert Barr saya: “Any attempt to alter
&pelling is rot.” He adds that personally
he does not care much one way or the other,
but if Mr. Carnegie gave him $15,000 a year
he would try to spell in whatever way Mr.
Carnegie liked.

 

SAMOAN VILLAGES WIPED OUT.

 

Volcano Spreading Destruction on the
German Island of Savail.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.

March 18.—Advices from

by the steamer

HONOLULU,
Samoa brought to-day
Sierra say that the volcanic eruption ,on
the Island of Savaii increases and three
villages have been destroyed. One of these
is Malacela, which had the finest cocoa
plantation on the islands.

Tava from the volcano is flowing down
fromthe mountaininto the ocean ina stream
20 feet wide. The lava reaches out into
the sea five miles.

‘ihe Government has removed the women
and children from the places of danger.

FREE TRADE VOTE, 474 TO 98,

House of Commons Puts Its Tariff Opinions
on Record.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Lonpon, March 13.—In the Houss of
Commons to-day a resolution, offered by
Sir James Kitson, Liberal, affirming that
the election had demonstrated the people's
fidelity to free trade, and that therefore
the House deemed it right to record its re-
sistance to any proposal creating protec-
tion, either by taxing grain or by the eatab-
lishment of a general tariff, was carried by
a vote of 474 to 08.

 

CANDY ROULETTE WHEELS.

Man Who Spun Them for Schoo! Children's
Coins Gathered In by Police.

Samuel Horowitz, 24 years old, of 240
Second street, and Benny Reach, 26 years
old, of 149 Delancey street, were: arrested
yesterday afternoon charged with running
candy gambling deviges to catch the trade
of school children. Horowitz operated for
pupils of Publio School 7 in Chrystie street
and Reach for thoae of School 144 in Allen
street.

Each prisoner had a rude roulette wheel
made out of the top of a barrel, with oom-
partments in which oandy was placed.
An arrow of wood was spun on a nail in the
centre. The ofticers say that patrons in-
variably lost, and received a very small
amount of candy to pacify them when
nooessary.

The charge of corrupting the morals of
children was dismissed in the Fasex Market
police court and the men were fined $2

| each for peddling without licenses.

NO COMPLAINANT IN COURT,

Subpenas Didn't Feteh Mre. Billings to
Prosecute Alleged Swindier.

Arthur Ester of Woodmere, L. I., who
was arrested on a charge of getting $1 from
Mrs, C. K. G. Billings as a contribution to
an alle, telegraphers’ ball at the Grand
Cooter on Be Patrick's night, was
discharged from custody yesterday by
Magistrate Crane in the Yorkville police
court. Mrs. Billings again failed be
present. The policeman who served the
subpeana delivered it to a maid instead of
to Mrs. Billings. The latter's butler was
| present, but as he knew nothing about the
| case the Court wouldn't hear his testimony.

 

 

Montaomery Maze, manager of the Grand
Central,Palace, had been subpmnaed. The
case was not called until nearly an hour
after the time named in his subpmna, but
he wasn't on band. Magistrate Crane sai

there was nothio to do but discharge the
man, as the police failed to

lainant t. Est ischatged
* er was
Rith a lecture,

a
About five minutes later Maze walked
in, but Ester had disappeared. .

 

| 4, 1906 .—Copvriodt, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aagoctation,

NEW ELSBERG BILL IN SENATE.

AMENDED TO MEET OBJECTIONS
AND FAVORABLY REPORTED,

 

 

The Change Doesn't Make Mandatory the
Separation of Future Subway Con-
tracts and Gives the Board of Estimate
a Say About Municipal Ownership,

ALBANY; March 13.—The Senate Cities
Committee to-night decided to report
favorably the Elsberg New York oity rapid
transit law amendments, amended, as
Senator Elsberg says, to meet objections.
The following amendment was inserted
{n the bill:

“Nothing contained in this aot shall be
deemed, or be construed as intending, to
limit, or as Mmiting, in any manner the
discretion of the Board of Rapid Transit
Railroad Commissioners provided, in the
opinion of the Board of Estimate and Appor-
tlonment, or other analogous local authority
of suoh city, it is expedient,practicable and
in the public interest to do go, to enter into
contracts for j{construction, equipment,
maintenance and operation with the same
person, firm or corporation, or for any one
or more of said purposes, with the same
person, firm or corporation, or with dif-
ferent persons, firms or corporations, either
in one contract or in separate contracts,
and at any time or times.”

One of the important objections to the
Elsberg bill was that it required the Rapid
Transit Commission to let contracta sepa-
rately for the construction, equipment and
operation of future rapid transit roads.
The amendment was drafted by William
M. Ivins, and it was adopted and the bill
reported favorably by a@ party vote at a
meeting of the Cities Committee to-night.

The amendment makes the Board of
Rapid Transit Commissioners, with the
backing of the Board of Estimate and Ap-
portionment, the bulwark against the
municipal operation of future subways,
which will be possible only if those two
boards agree. The amendment also per-
mits a single contract t o be awarded to the
one contractor to construct, equip and
operate any future subway, though either
of the three contracte may be let separately
as originally provided in the Elsberg bill.

Senator Elsberg at midnight, after the
Cities Committee adjo:mned, said his bill
as amended met the approval of the tax-
payers’ organizations in New York city,
which were clamoring for additional rapid
transit facilities, but that the Interborough
company officials had not been consulted
regarding the amendment, nor would they
be.

 

At to-morrow night's meeting of the
Republican county committee a resolution is
to be introduced calling for the appointment
of a sub-committee to report upon the Els-
berg rapid transit bill, Senator Elsberg
is coming down from Albany to defend his
measure and to insist that it shall be in-
dorsed by the county committee, but a large
part of the members of the organization
are in favor of the Page bill. It is practi-
cally certain that despite the motion to
appoint a sub-committee the matter will
be brought to an issue at to-morrow's night
meeting.

SHAMROCK

The Majestio Expected to Bring tn 25,000
Pieces of Mall.

A good many Irish hearts will be glad-
dened to-day by the arrival of the steamship
Majestic, for, unless all indications fail,
she will have among her 8,100 sacks of
mail more than 25,000 letters or packages
containing shamrocks. They had about
that number last year, said Postmaster
Willoox yesterday.

The advance guard of the shamrooks
from the Green Isle came in on the Baltic
last week.

“It was a reminder that St. Patrick's Day
waa at hand,” said Superintendent of Mails
Frank R. Roome, “for at no other season
do we have so many moist letters and wet
packages as just before the Day. You see,
all the people in Ireland, wanting their
friends here, mostly in New York by the
way, to receive the shamrocks fresh and
green, wrap them in moist paper and the
like.”

GALE BLEW ONE STEAMSHIP BACK

 

SHIP DUE TQO-DAY.

And Foreed Another te Turn and Run
for It.

The French liner Hudson, which arrived
from Havre yesterday, encountered severe

wind picked one of the starboard lifeboats
up bodily from its resting place on the
deok, swung it outside of the davits and
swept it back.

When the ship was about 500 miles east
of Sandy Hook on Friday evening those
on deck saw a steamship with two masts
and a black funnel making bad weather
of it in trying to head against the storm.
She soon put about and ran before the
wind. The officers of the Hudson say that
she was in no particular danger.

An observation faken on Satrduay
showed that the Hudson had been blown
back fifty-one miles. Railings were bent
and boat fixtures, ventilators and other
deck apparatus were damaged by the
storm.

CARNEGIE

Furs Taken on March 6 Recovered—Two
Men Arrested Acouse Another.

The two daughters of Charles Helvick, a
retired banker living at 806 Lexington
avenue, while rehearsing for some private
theatricals on March 6 in Carnegie Lyceum,
had two fur jackets stolen from them.
Deputy Commissioner Waldo is a friend
of Mr. Helvick, so the police got very busy.
Detective Devanney of the West Sixty-
eighth street police station arrested yea-
térday William Buckley of 88 West Sixty-
seventh atreet and Louis Parrish of 225
West Sixty-second street and folind one
of the jackets, of white squirrel, in the
pempahop of a man named Weavers at
hirty-sixth street and Ninth avenue,
The other coat, a black Persian lamb, he
| located in the possession of Buckley. Buck-
| ley said he BONED: it for $4 from Philip
; Vaughn of 226 West Sixty-second street,

who is now in jail for a burglary on March
{1 at 215 West Sixty-second street. Parrish
| gays he went with Vaughn when the latter
| pawned the coat at Weavers's shop.

H. M. Barry, who is in charge at the
Carnegie Lyceum, offered a reward of $25
for the arrest of the thieves and Mr, Helvick

| $50 for their conviction. Both prisoners
were looked up in the West Sixty-eighth

Se
i
a

LYCEUM THIEVES.

 

street station.
visible
andar’ v Barat Ponsesrn Te thelicn Laney

weather on Friday and Saturday. The |

Wrpwrspay, Marcn 14, 1008. .
Snow to-day, probably turning to
rai to-morrow.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

   
    

 

LoNowonris THB KING'S OUESTS | BUNCH OF SUNSHINE GRAPTERS

 

Report That President’s Daughter and Her
Husband Will Go to Buckingham.
Spoctal Cable Despatch to Tas SUN.

Lonpon, March 14.—The Chronicle says
that Mr, and Mrs. Nicholas Longworth,
when they visit London in June, will make
a stay at Buckingham Palace as the guests
of King Edward ‘They Will also visit the
Duke and Duchess of Marlborough, the
Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe and Am-
bassador and Mrs. Reid.

They have accepted an invitation fromm
the Society of American Women in London
to a luncheon.

TURN DOWN HEARST REOOUNT.

‘

 

Effort to Get Maines-Murphy Bill Out of
Assembly Committee Falls.

ALBANY, March 18—An effort made
to-day to get the Assembly Judiciary Com-
mittee to report favorably the Raines-
Murphy bill, giving William R. Hearst a
recount of the Mayoralty votes cast at last
fall's New York city election, failed.

There are thirteen members of the com-
mittee. To-day but four, Cox, Hamm,
Young and Cunningham, voted to report
the bill, while Schoeneck was the only
other member who voted on the proposition;
and he opposed it.

The other members of the committee
ducked. It requires seven affirmative votes
to report the bill and Assemblyman Murphy
(Rep., Kings) threatened te-night to move
in the Assembly to discharge the com-
mittee from the further consideration of
the bill.

TOOK TWO TRANSFERS.

Man Who Wooldn’t Pay Two Fares Charged
With Grand Larceny.

George Anner, a bookkeeper, of 111 East
129th street boarded about 8 o'clock last
evening a northbound Eighth avenue car
at 120th street. He paid fares for himself
and another man, At 124th street he asked
the conductor, Henry Hennon of 581 West
148th street, for two transfers, The con-
ductor refused. }

Anner reached for the conductor's pocket
and took from it a transfer pad. He tore
off two transfers and handed the rest of
the book to the conductor. Hennon called
a policeman and had Anner arrested. He
was telen to the West 125th street police
station.

William Newman of 2024 Lexington
avenue, a real estate dealer and a friend
of Anner, went for Magistrate Zeller. The
Magistrate fixed bail at $1,000, holding
Anner onachargeof grandlarceny. Anner
will be arraigned this morning.

 

 

 

 

LAVELLE FOR SUNDAY OPENING.

Viear-General Advocates Local Option Bill
for Residential City Districts.

ALBANY, March 13.—The Rev. M. J.
Lavelle, Archbishop Farley’s Vicar-General,
has written to Senator Tully favoring his
local option bill for residential districts in
cities,

While favoring closed saloons in certain
residence districts the Vicar-General be-
lieves that in the crowded portions of New
York city the people should be able to get
their beverages not only on week days but
on Sundays. Such a law, he says, can be
enforced. It is reasonable, moderate and
will represent the rea! wishes of the people
in each district.

FRENCH POLICY

 

UNCHANGED.

New Cabinet Approves Former's Stand
at Morocean Conference.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

Paris, March 13.—The new Cabinet held
a meeting to-day under the presidency of
Premier Sarrien, Ex-Prime Minister Rou-
vier's foreign policy, including the stand
taken by France at the Moroccan confer-
ence, was unanimously indorsed, and it
was resolved to continue it,

STORM DRIVEN SOUTH.
| Vast in Diameter, It Is Pushed by a High

Ee

 

 

 

 

Pressure Toward the Gulf,

A storm of almost continental diameter,
born in the north Pacific, manifested itself
feably in this neighborhood yesterday as
it swirled down toward Texas, urged by a
high pressure north of it that could not be
resisted. Around the hub of the wide
disturbance there was snow and sleet; on
its vapory periphery, like smoke of a great
pinwheel, was snow and rain. We got a
| bit of the snow hereabouts. The centre
| of the vast low pressure was in northern
| Texas last night, with the cool, northern
high area in pursuit. It looked as if the
storm would sweep into the Gulf of Mexico.
| It had decreased much in energy and it may
be dissipated. Also it may develop more
strength, and, recurving, come up the
coast.

UNCLE JOE COMING TO DINNER

To Meet Mrs. Longwerth's Parents—The
Speaker’s Excusable Hesitation.

WASHINGTON, March 18.—~“Mr. Speaker,”
said Congressman Longworth, “we'd like
you to come to an informal family dinner
at our house on Thursday.”

Uncle Joe hesitated.

“Oh, there won't be anybody else there,”
explained the Ohio Representative, “except

 

 

“Of course, I'd like to meet Mrs. Long-

. lector, and worked not only among the rich |

worth's parents,” answered the Speaker, |

“but-——”
cepted instantly.

STATEHOOD BILL CONFERENCE,

 

Call to Republicans in House to Meet To-

morrow— Decided Not to Make [t a Caucus,
| WasHINoTon, March 18.—The Republican
| leaders of the House have decided to hold
| a conference instead of a catcus on the
| Statehood bill, and the meeting will be held
' at 8 o'clook Thuraday afternoon.
A postponement for one day was agreed
| to this morning. A petition signed by
‘ fifty members asking for a conference
| on the bill was presented to Representative

Loudenslager, secretary of the caucus,
| to-day and in the absence of Representa-

Mrs. Longworth’s parents.”
|

Sowa Legisiature Demands Proof ef Cum
| mins.

| Drs Moines, Iowa, March 13.—Gov.
| Cummins has been called on to make good
! his charges that the Primary bill was de-

feated through influence of the railroads

The House, by a vote of 78 to, 6 to-day
; passed the Gilliland resolution demanding
| roof of the charges Cummins made in his
| letter accepting the third term nomination.

rent tre rere anata craty yori the cr}
; 3

 

 

 

Then he remembered and ac- |

NS eee

NICE LOT WHO HAVE BEEN COL-
LECTING DOLLARS EVERYWHERE

 

Fleridy, Allas Flaherty, and the Blonded
Mrs. Tibbetts Hang Out tn Jersey City
Now but Work All the Country but Chi-
eago—Bogus Settiements and Nurseries.

The Charity Organization Society of
New York is about to issue a general warn-
ing to all important charitable societies in
the United States against the “Sunshine
Legion” and its two publications Sunshine
and the Sunshine Journal. The Charity
Organization Society has been on the hunt
for these people for a year. Now it {has
evidence in hand and is prepared to move
against’ Mre, E, M. Tibbetts, “national
president” of the society, and her oom-
panion, Joseph W. Floridy, the organizer
and brains of the graft.
charitable worker with a passion for dia-
monds as personal adornment, and she a
blonde of the peroxide type who is up-
‘lifting the tenements—have been living ina
flat in Jersey City and conducting a graft
which has run through all the Eastern
States and through part of the Middle
West. It is one of the cleverest, best or-
ganized and most far reaching taps on
charity that has ever come to the notice
of the Charity Organization Society.

To put it briefly, Sunshine and the Sun-
shine Journal were two papers advocating
the “uplifting” of tenement house children.
They are monthly publications, made up
for the most part of reprints from Sunday
Behool weeklies. The Sunshine Legion
pretends to maintaln in seven large cities
of the United States settlements, day
nurseries and employment agencies, for
the children of the poor. To the main-
tenance of these settlements the proceeds
of the paper are supposed to ve devoted.
As a matter of fact, all the “settlements”
so far investigated, including the two in
Greater New York, were blinds. They
did little or no work, just enough to main-
taina pretence, Seldom were any children
found in the day nurseries. When children
were there they seemed to have been
picked up for the occasion, The employ-
ment agencies apparently exist only for
the hiring of solicitors for the publications.

These solicitors are mainly young girls.
They hunt subscribers for Sunshine at a
dollar a year. Their pay is 50 per cent.
of the proceeds, “This seems like small
returns to the heads of the concern but
many a little makes a mickie, and as a
matter of fact a statement by a deceived
but honest manager who ran the Phila-
delphia agency for a month shows that it
has been a paying business. The solicitors
represent their work as a matter of charity.
For that reason the business men, church’
workers and charitable women who are
approached rarely want the paper—but
they give for charity. Their gifts, too,
often exceed the $1 subscription asked
for Sunshine. .

In the cases where the people really put
down their names for the paper a new
refinement of the game appears, Sun-
shine is a sixteen page monthly, printed
on heavy calendered paper and putting
up @ pretty fair appearance, although
the contents could be made up with a pair
of scissors and a stub lead pencil in about
three hours, But that is not what the

subscriber gets. He gets the Sunahine ,

Journal, an eight page monthly printed
on much poorer paper. In neither journal
is there any advertising.

As a matter of fact, Sunshine was never
entered in the mails as second class matter,
and last year the United States Post Office
authorities refused it the privilege of the
mails. That really made little difference,
as it waS only a kind of a sample used by
solicitors and could be forwarded by ex-
press to the “organizer” (who was usually
the head of one of the “settlements”) in
each district. Most of the solicitors, it
would appear, were innocent of any wrong-
doing. They were simply girls out of em-
ployment who answered advertisements
and were put to work, ¥

This is not universally true, Fine stories
drift down from up State about the con-
duct of some of the solicitors. Only Mon-
day in New York, flats at 187 and 180 East
Thirty-third street were robbed of $2,300
worth of jewels and toilet articles. Just
before the robbery a woman ina long red
automobile coat had called at all of these
flats soliciting for Sunshine. The police
are looking for her.

In some cases the managars of the
“settlements” seem to have been innocent
of the nature of the institution they were
promoting, although it should not have
taken a person of perception very long
to find out what was doing.

This exposure came about in a rather
singular way. About a year ago the police
of Chicago began to look up the operations
of Mrs. Violet Jessie Sherbondy, who ran
an institution called the Sunnyside Society
and a paper called Sunnyside. Her paper
and her institution bore a remarkable re-
semblance to the work of the Sunshine
Legion. The stories and poems in the
paper, which were her own work, were
clever in a rather sentimental way; and
her work in soliciting subscriptions was
more than clever. She was a sweet faced
woman, very gentle in her ways. She
dressed in quiet taste and could command
tears at will. She was her own chief col-

and well to do but also among the tene-
ment house people _themselves.
ceipta are estimated by the Chicago police
at $100a@ day in her best times.

Sunnyside was a gem. It was studded
with pictures of little people whom the
settlement bad reclaimed and made healthy
and happy. These were all photographs
of her own vight-year-old son in different
poses and costumes. He, in fact, was the
whole settlement. The “national presi-
dent” of the Sunnyside Society was Mrs
Sherbondy'’s own mother. All these faote
were developed when Detective Clinton R.
Wooldridge ran the game down and ar-

rested Mrs. Sherbondy, who was tried —

and convicted. Late in the game she
admitted the graft, but declared that she
had been arrested through the persecution
of J. W. Floridy.

“He was after me all the time to marry ;

him and start a rival paper to Sunshine
Journal,” she said. “He was tired of Tib-
betts. I was his manager once. When
he acted so because I turned him down,
I cut loose and started out on my own hook
Say, if you're after something to investi-
gate you'd better go for him. I'd like to
see him get what's coming to him."

The International Sunshine Society, which
is a genuine charitable organization; has
long been pestered by complaints of people
bunooed by organisations which imitate
the name. These bare been ivired over to

{

These two—he a.

Her re- *

 

    
  

%
f
DI
f

 

 

 

es

 

 

 

pita

“ave

sa

“hte

%