VOL, LXVIIL—NO, 294,

  

HANNA YIELDS TO “ANTIS.”

REPUBLICANS HOLD A HARMONIOUS
CONVENTION IN CLEVELAND.

 

 

Freedom From Discord the Watchword of the
Mecting-Hanna Names (ne of His Oppo-
nents When There Was Indication of
Trouble —Foraker’s Re-election Indorsed.

CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 20—Harmony
ruled in the Republican County Convention
to-day, but such a condition was only reached
by a gracefifl suficuder by¥Behator H
and his leaders to the McKisson cohorts, who
cot nearly everything they went after.
Prior to the convention, a peace conference
was held by Collector Leach and Clerk of
the Senate Uhl, representing Mr. Hanna and
Assistant County Solicitor Taft and John
Goldenbogen, Secretary of the County Com-
mittee, resesenting the McKisson men. It was
decided finally, after considerabie argu ment
to allow the Hanna men to name the perma-
nent Chairman and a majority of the Com-
mittee on Resolutions, the “Antis” to control
all other committees. A compromize being
effected the convention opened, Walter D.
Meals (McBisson) belng nominated for tem-
porary Chairman by Leach (Hanna). A fow
minutes later Harvey D. Goulder (Hanna) was
nominated for permanent chairman by Gol-
denbogen and was unanimously elected. In
his address to the delegates Goulder's refer-
ences to Senators Hanna aad Foraker, Presi-
dent McKinley and Gov. Nash were received
enthusiastically

Senator Hanna, who was present as a dele-
gate from the Forty-first ward, in response
to a call for a speech said:

“In this coming election it is important that
we should be united, as a Legislaure is to be
elected that will select a successor to Senator
Foraker, and it is absolutely imperative that
we return Mr. Foraker for another six years
Ohio is the President's State, and it should
give him its moral support in his endeavors
to govern the country for the benefit of all.
Fellow Republicans, let this convention be
noted throughout the State and country for
this, that the Republicans of Cuyahoga county
are loyal to the party and intend to sink all
personalities, factionalisins and ambitions
in acting for the party’s glory ”

The select of a county ticket followed
Judge George L. Phillips was nominated
for Common Pleas Court Judge(short term)
by acclamation, Then came the fight of the
day, a test vote which would certainly decide
which faction was in control. For the nomi-
nation of Common Pleas Court Judge (long
term) Minor G. Norton, the MeKisson leader,
end Marvey Keeler, Hanna leader, were
candidates. The first ballot resulted: Nor-
ton, 195; Keeler, 142; scattering, 179. Hanna's
ward gave Norton 7 and Keeler 7

Before the result of the second ballot was
announced, it was figured out by the “ant's*
that Norton lacked seven votes. It looked
as if a storm was brewing when a delegate
yelled:

"Remember, we want harmony ”

“You'll get it when Hanna votes for Norton,”
retorted an “anti” leader. In an instant
Senator Hanna was upon his feet and ex-
claimed

“The Forty-first ward changes its vote
and casts fourteen for Norton.”

The change of seven was enough and Nor-
ton was nominated. The “antis” then got
together and decided to return flanna’s
compliment by nominating some funna
men for the other offices. Charles Bowman,
Pau! Howland, T M. Bates, and W. T. Clark
were nominated for State Senators, the two
latter being flanna men. Those selected
for State Representatives were all “antis ”

The platform framed by Hanna men and
adopted by the convention indorsed the
Philadelphia platform and the Administra-

of President McKinley and Gov. Nash
It praised Senators Hanna and Foraker
and instructed the local members of the
legislature to vote for Foraker's raélection
It declared in favor of a more equitable ays-
of taxation and denounced as unjust
Yom Johnson's single-tax scheme It also
declared in favor of home rule for Cleveland
ind the abolition of the office of Coroner as

us@leas burden upon the county

CINCINNATI, June 20.--The Republicans of
Haniiton eourte, im convention to-day
to select delegates to the State conveNtion
Monday, did not indorse

‘ Nash, Senators Foraker and Hanna

President McKinley. In fact, no resolu-
tons of any kind were passed, except one
prisingtherulesoftheconvention. When

Poss” George B. Cox's name was announced

a delecute to the Stata convention there
sas a burst of applause

WANT 15TH AMENDMENT REPEATED.

tem

t Columbus on

 

New Move tn Virginia Constitational Convea-
tion to Disfranchise Negroes,

fieuwonp, Va, June 20—Two resolu-
bearing on negro suffrage were intros

ed in the Constitutional Convention toe
One was presented by AP. Thom

‘ foi swithorizing the appointment

a committee to draft an appeal to the
rrass and People of the United States

he Fifteenth Amend-

 

uz the repealoft

t to the Constitution of the United States
lee  W Harrison presented the other,
a forth that universal suffrage of the

, id w ked great evil to both races

t the Fifteenth Amendment ts wrong,
ised on supposed equality. It de-

1 that t the purpose of the State
jer to the newro any civil rights nor
lisfranchise any negro who has sufficient
~hold estate to give him «a permanent
ad substantial interest in the welfare of

State, nor, if any discrimination is made
therightot suffrage, to claim

representation in Congress or the Elee-
toral College based upon population, but
» surrender it until Congress shall declare
what additional representation shall be given

to the extent suffrage ia given to the negro
Both resolutions were referred to the
Sufrage Cominittee

it is said to-night that the object of the
silfrage resolutions introduced by Judge
Harrison and Mr. Thom is to settle once tor
all, and at the outset of the convention, the

yiestion of negro disfranchisement
If the committee reports favorably,”
said Judge Harrison to-night, “and the con-
yention adopts tt the door will be closed to
i) further talk or speculation as to any dis-
nchisemeas of any particular race. The
come Up the question of what kind o
r educational qualifications, if any

ill, will be required am of the opinioa
} » change will be made in our presen
Constitution, except the payment of a pol
ax hat iw not a disqualification, because
any man can quallfy himself to vote by simply
paying bis taxes”

 

Women Can't Practiso Law in Tennessee.

 

 

 

   
 

Mewpiuta, Jenn, June 20--The Supreme
rt to-day decided that women cannot
tee law in. Tennessee Miss Marion
no of Memplis appled for a Heense

1 Supremo Court declired that a lawyer
practang law ia an ollleer of the court, and
the State Constitution prohibits women from
fing offce Judges Wilkes and Caldwell
devuvered dissenting Opinions, belleving the
1 of the other three Justices too fare
yi There are a score of women lawe

lennessee

Long Island Real Patate to Increase Millions,

hae of the most s articles for Hrook-

yaad Long i will be the oMctally
subiorized Arcount of indertakings, coat
tng Many Millions, now nets inder way, that
wil Make Brooklyn the most inportant of the greatet
ity tn the World ‘Phis news will be printed In the
Sunday Bagle, June 2. and in noother paper. Ade.

nportant n
isiant

 

or orint

the vast

   
 
    
  
     
    

$ =a
rr

 

 

FORBID TO BATTLESHIPS

 

 

Ne More Mest Go Through Hell Gate,

Like the Massachusetts.

Capt. Henry N. Manney, U. 8. N., took the
battleship Massachusetts through Hell Gate

yesterday on the way to Newburyport and
the result was a general order from the Secre-
tary of the Navy that no battleships shall
ever go through Hell Gate again unless by
express authority of the Department or in

great emergency.”

Capt. Manney preferred the route partly
because it is shorter than the open sea course
and partly because it is easier to adjust com-
TA“tile pitrid waters-of the- Sound:
The warship left the navy yard about noon
and was assisted into the stream by the tug
Powhatan. Thereis more danger, of course,
in passing through Hell Gate than in passing
through the Narrows, but even a vessel
that draws twenty-seven feet like the Massa-
chusetts can depend pretty well on getting
through unless there should be a tangle of
craft. Naturally if Capt. Manuney had
thought there was even a remote chance of
damaging his fine ship he wouldn't have
gone up the Sound

Just before he left the navy yard he said
he didn't understand why there was such
a hullabaloo about his going through the
Gate

“Vessels longer than the Massachusetts,e
although of less draught, have gone through,”
the Captain said. “If they think this is a
dangerous route, how about the other by
way of the Battery? The Massachusetts
ripped open her bottom trying that route a
couple of years ago.”

Capt. Bell, the navy yard pilot, was told
that his services wouldn't be required in
taking the battleship through the tortuous
and narrow Gate. Capt. Manney said he had
never taken a pilot in these waters and nevor
expected to take one. Pilot Bell said he
didn’t think there was any danger. The big
Sound steamboats, such as the Priscilla and
Puritan made the trip every day and many
ocean craft, deeply laden, came in and left
port by way of the Sound without getting
into trouble

Rear Admiral Barker, commandant of the
navy yard, didn't approve Capt. Manney's
adventure. He said the chief danger lay
in the prospect of encountering other craft
inthe narrow channel. He had gone through
himeelf on the cruiser Philadelphia, but
he had taken a pilot slong

“If the Massachusetts gets through it
will be all right,” said the Admiral; “but
if anything happens the Captain will be
responsible ”

The battleship got through shipshape
and sound, apparently using her twin screws
to help her steer the devious course, There
is plenty of water in the Gate and the navi-
gators of the Massachusetts knew by chart
arnt experience fust where to find It. The
ship was clear of the Gate atabout 12:50 P M

But it is unlikely that Capt. Manney will
do the trick again, now that the Navy Depart-
ment has delivered an indirect admonition
to him. The Department officials learned
through the morning papers of Capt. Man-
ney’s intention and yesterday afternoon, after
the Massachusetts was well up the Sound,
Secretary Long issued the general order
mentioned above, The Department's action
was based on- the fear that the strong cur-
renta in the Hell Gate channel might bring
about a collision if such a heavy, cumber-
some vessel as a battleship met another
vesse}] while making the passage

Probably no further action tn regard to
the passage of the Massachysetts through
Hell Gate will be taken. The order of Secre-
tary Long was issued after a telegram had

been received at the Navy Department an-
nouncing the de@parture of the Massachu-
setts for Newburyport Any action directed
against Capt. Manney personally will not be
had without further consideration and would
be nothittg more than an admonitory letter
calling Capt. Manney’s attention to the risk
taken by him in bringing a battleship through
the treacherous channel

THIEF GETS SHERRY'S WINE.

Used Up One Case Ordered tn Stanford White's
Name—Second Went Back.

A man who plaved the part of a gentle-
man's valet so well that the steward at Sher-
ry's did not hesitate to deliver to hiin a case
of champagne but who afterward made
a muss of playing the gentleman and got
drunk and careless, was locked up last night
in the Fast Fifty-firat street atation on a
charge of stealing wine. The first dealings
that Steward Laury of Sherry'’s had with
the thief were on Wednesday night over
the telephone

‘Ie this Sherry's?” asked the voice at the

—_

 

 

‘phone

“ft is,” sald Laur

“Well, this is Mr. White, Mr. Stanford
White of 121 East Twenty-first etreet. I

want a case of wine and will send my valet
right up for it

“All right.”

Ilalf an hour later a young man who looked
etiff and proper enough to be any gentleman's
valet appeared at Sherry’s, asked for
wine and got it, and a charge of $38 or there-
abouts wos put down against Mr. White

An hour later the steward got another
telephone request for wine for Mr. White,
Hut this thine the voice said

“My valet isn't well, I'll send a messenger
boy this tine’

The “valet” wasn't very well just then
He had too much of the frst case of wine
in him plus some of the drinks served at the

the

 

Bon Ton Music Hall in West Twenty-third
street, where he then was celebrating his
joke on Mr White and Sherry’s stewart

“In due time the messenger appeared at
Sherry’s for the second case of wine The
steward wouldn't give it to him because it
was too heavy, but sent it away in the auto
mobile deliv wagon ‘the messenger boy

 

got into the wagon, too, and after getting a
safe distance from Sherry'’s, told the driver
that Mr White was at the Bon Tou Muate Hall
and that the wine was needed there right
wav.) The driver went to the music hall,
but he didn't let go of the wine

He didn’t think that the man _who posed
firat as Mr. White and then as Mr. White's
valet needed it

The thief and his friends insisted on having
the wine, however, and then tried fight-
ing for it but the driver won. He carried the
wine back and reported what had happened
Mr. White was commmunieated with and he de-
clared that he had ordered no wine

The thief was traced yesterday from the
Bon Ton to a disorderly house in St. Mark's
place, and he was arrested there He said

   

that he was William Tf Cavanagh of 143
Wast Fourteenth street

The Fifth Avenue Hotel has been fooled
in the same way recently by bogus orders

for wine, and the hotel detective will be in
court to-day to have 4 look at Cavanagh

 

ELECTRIC SHOCK FROM THE SLOT.

Louis Ludwig Hreaks His Leg and Sues the
Metropolitan.

Louis Ludwig had an action on trial before
Justice Giegerich of the Suprenie Court yea-
terday to recover $20,000 damuves from the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company tor
injuries suffered as the result of an electric
shock On Feb 22, 1800, Ludwig was crossing
the tracks at 116th street and Second avenue
As he stepped on the slot, be said, he received
a powerful electric shock and was thrown

in some way to the ground 80 that he broke
his leg in two places Asked how the shook
felt he said “it was jist ite a big bundl
needles had been thrown into me tte .
tends that the company did not have proper
leakage detectors The case wie hot con

cluded

  

Poland! Poland! Poland
The purest natural spring Water inthe world, —A de

 

Burnett's Extract of Vaniila

te the leader ai) the world over, Use fo other,—Ade,

NEW YORK. FRIDAY, JUNE

  

   

9

l,

 

~ | BIGDYNAMO WHEEL BURSTS

 

TUROWING FIVE TONS OF SPLINTERS
AROUND EDISON PLANT.

Man's Leg Torn to Shreds, Panic in Streets
Nearby and Lights Out for an Instant Down-
town—Sheet of Flame, Factory High,
Scares Car Passengers—Damago $10,000.

The rotary of one of the dozen or more
big dynamos in the electric lighting plant
of the Edison Illuminating Company in Duane
Street burst just-after 6 o'cloek last night, -
The wheel weighed more than five tons, and
was twelve feet in diameter, and it went to
pieces without a second’s warning, splitting
into thousands of fragments, with a report
which led the people of the neighborhood to
believe that a disastrous explosion had oc-
curred in the works

The wheel was revolving at so rapid a
rate that the sphere of damage was confined
toacomparatively small space. Owing to this
only one man was injured. He was Henry
Kramer of 120 First avenue, an assistant
engineer. He was standing withina few
feet of the machine, and was hit by several
of the flying splinters, sustaining such severe
injuries that he will probably die. His right
leg was torn almost into shreds below the
knee, and he was also badly hurt about the
body

It was owing to Policeman John Finn of
the Elizabeth street station that the man
did not bleed to death before medical aid
reached him. Finn has just completed a
course of instruction in first aid to the injured
The moment he reached Kramer's sido he
saw that the man would die quickly unless
the flow of blood from the wounds in his
leg was stopped. Finn arrested the hem-
orrhage by making a tourniquet above
the knee with his pocket handkerchief. Dr
Old of the Hudson street hospital, who came
with the ambulance, said that the policeman’s
promptness had so far saved Kramer's life
After his injuries had been attended to Kramer
was taken to the hospital

The accident caused the greatest excite-
ment both inside and outside of the Edison
building The bursting of the rotary was
accompanied by a great flame of light like a
photographic flashlight increased many bhun-
dred times in volume. The flame issued
out of the Duane street doorway, which is
always left open for ventilating purposes,
and ascended clear up the side of the tall
building Phe employees working in a book-
binding factory on the opposits side of the
street became panic stricken and rushed pell-
mell out, fearing another explosion

Two men Jumped from a first-story window
of the Edison building, but they sustained
no injuries.

Just as the accident happened a Duane
street borse car was passing the building
The car was crowded, and there was an in-
stant scramble of the passengers to reach

the street. Many of the occupants were
women. Their shrieks could be heard for
blocks. rive women were overcome with

fright and had to tx helped to the sidewalk
One woman in her frenzy fell beneath the
feet of w team of horses and would have been
trampled upon but for the quickness of
Michael Gannon, one of the men emploved

 

in the bookbinding establishment, who
dragged her from under the hoofs. The
iedison men also became fearestricken. Many

of them rushed to the Duane street entrance,
apd finding the iron gates locked, began
bie over the spiked = tops Others
aprinted to the Pearl street outlet. It was
not until the firemen arrived that they could
be induced to reénter the building

There was not much forgthe fire engines
to du when they arrived sJevond the burn-
ing of the Insulation ft son ‘ th wires
little damawe had been done by fi Rut
by the flying metal the walls and the ceiling
pear the dynanmos were indented in
dreds of places, and the dynam itself,
is said to be worth $10,000, was entirely
wrecked Into such small parti had
the wheel splintered that the floor of the
engine room seemed to covered with
wround lass That no more than one man
was injured was due entirely to the fortunate
circumstance that it was about the time to
change the day and night shifts, and that in
consequence there were not so many men
ou the tloor as there would have been either
a little earlier or later 4

Those in charge of the concern were ex-
tremely reticent In answering inquiries as to

     

    
 

j
Hite

vhich

be

the cause of the mishap Reporters who
entered the building soon after the accident
were ordered out and then the doors were
locked One of the foremen of the Kire
Department was outside when the gates
were closed and he was only admitted when
he ordered a fireman to bring an axe
and break in the door From. Supt
Donshea of the Edison company, who waa

telephoned for and arrived later in the even-

   

ng, it was learned that the catse of the burat-
ing of the ar was the short circuiting
of some of the wires of the motor. Mr. Don-

shea suid that the accident was due to no
defect which conld be guarded against

The Duane street plant supplies the com-

yany's lighting over the district between

Pigrth street and the Batter } Throughout

when the rotary burst the helhts

ond or two went out alto.

this terrifor

faded and for a see
gether Mr Donshea explained that this
inconvenience was only momentary as the

energy lost by the wrecked motor was quickly
made good by the switching on of more power
from the other dynamos

DRAGGED MOTORMAN FROM HIS CAR.

Crowd Enraged Becanse He Ran Down 3 Little
Girls One Will Die,

A motorman of a Second avenue electric
ear handled roughly last night after
running down three children The children
were Emma Garlandt, 7 vears old, of 1766
Second avenue, and Lily and Freda Kauf-
mann, 6 and 2 years old respectively, Emma
Garlandt is the only child of a widow She
is the pet of the neighborhood and is called

"Tootsie ”

wa

 
 

 

 

    

T three children had been playing on a
brid over on excavation at Ninety-third
street and Sec aveniea They started
neres4 the avenue holding hands asa car in
charge of Motorman Fitzgerald came along
Lily Kaufmann saw the car first and drew
back

The edge of the fender struck her legs,
knocking her into the diteh. Her sister
was picked up by the fender and carried
along, but Fimma Garlandt was caught un-
derneath the car

4 crowd quickly gathered and pulled the
motorman off the rhey punched and
kicked him until Policeman Gilligan came
vlong and telephoned to the Fast Bighty-
elgbth street station for the reserves hen

they came the motorman was resened and
taken to e station His nose was bleed.
ing, his face was eat and his clothing was
torn He was locked up

Erama Garlandt’s body was crushed un-
derneath the ear and her skull was fractured
lay there until a@ wrecking crew came
and jacked up the car. She was then re.
moved to the Presbyterian Hospital and
nill probably die The other children were
wot seriousiv hurt

She

REV. WR. SNODGRASS WEDS,
Head Been Criticived for Winning the Bride
From a Young Parishioner.

Orrin Wilmer Snodurass of the
Avenue Methodist: Chureh,
Brooklyn, who resigned recently from the
Cropeey Avenuo Church because soma of
the parishioners there erittelsed hin, for wine
ning the love of Miss Charlotte Judith Rem-
sen, with whom one of the young men of the
ehureb was already in love, Was married to
Miss temsen last night at her father's home
The ceremony was verformed by the Hev
W CC. Snodgrass of Plainfleld, the father of
the bridegroom | The maid of honor was
Mixa flose!ta_D MeNanghton of Morristown,
\ J Miss Persis Snodgrass and Miss Jessie
H MeTawaart were the bridesmaids, and
Rhey fo Snodgrass was best man

The Rev
Knickerbocker

For Teachers and Others,

Special reduced rates to Buttalo (Pan American
Faposition), Detroit, thr ugh the Great Lakes, Mack
inac, Duluth, Yellowstone Park and the Pacine
Coast. Apply early tM. ©. Hoach, General bast
ern Passeuger Ageat, New Yorks Central, 1216 Broad
way, New York.~- Ade

1901. — COPYRIGHT,

 

 

 

EXPRESS SAFE ROBBED.

Foend on the River Bank et Toledo With Money
Bags Rified.

ToLrpo, Ohio., June 2.—One of the
square iron safes belonging to the Pacific
Express Company was found to-day noon
on the river bank here near Rannel's Road
House. The safe had been broken open
and rifled. Empty money bags were in-
side and a heavy stone mason's hammer
was wrapped up in the bags. The Pacific
Express Company's local office was noti-
fled, but up to the present can give no in-
formation. ~

The thieves have a good start. Noone
can tell the amount of the booty secured,
but if the safe was a through one it proba-
bly contained a large gum, Late this even-
ing it was learned that the safe left the
local office last night and was taken to the
Union depot. It must have been stolen
from the depot and hauled away with the
team and wagon stolen from P. Phalen last
night. '

The local exprzss office disclaim any
great loss but the detectives of the city
force do not agree with them.

WEYANT GETS HIS CHILD.

 

 

 

Justice Maddox's Decision Depriving Father
of Baby's Custody Is Reversed.

The decision of Supreme Court Justice
Maddox of Brooklyn on May 29 last, dismissing
the habeas corpus proceedings of Frank B
Weyant of Lincoln, Neb, to recover the
custody of his, thirteen-months-old  ebild,
Gladys, and remanding the child to the

care of Henry 8S Weyant cnd_ his
wife, was unanimously reversed by the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court,

Second Department, yesterday, and the child
was awarded to the custody of ita father

The child's mother died fifteen days after
its birth and the father put the infant in the
care of his brother, Henry 8. Weyant, until a
home could be prepared for it. Mr. Weyant
went to Nebraska but returned six months
ago to take the child home with him. A physi-
cian told him that the trip would be hazardous
for the baby at that time, He returned West
and in May again came East to get the child
This time he made a demand upon his brother
for it but the brother refused to give it up
Then the father began the habeas corpus
proceedings

Henry 8. Weyant produced physicians who
said that a journey across the continent would
imperil the child's life, Physicians who
appeared for the father testifed that the
journey could be taken without injuring
the child Justice Maddox held that the jour-
ney would be hazardous and dismissed the
proceedings

Mr Weyant went West again but left in-
structions to have the case appealed The
decision was telegraphed Mr Weyant at
Lincoln and the father and his sister, Mra
Armstrong, will come here at once and take
the child to the 160-acre farm where Mr.
Weyant, his father, mother and sister live

OBJECT LESSON TO ENGLISHMEN.

 

 

Bullding of the Westinghouse Factory at Man-
chester,
Special Cable Despatch t THE Sun.
Loxpon, June 2 The Daily Mail prints
a long Yescription of the progress of the
Westinghouse factory which ia being built

 

at Trafford Park, Manchester It savas the
factory will be an immense hive of British
industry, directed by American brains
The American contractor, Mr Stuart,
is employing labor-saving devices and ts
teaching and leading 2,600 British workmen

s0 effectually that, while there fs no hurrying
or shouting, there isa steady, quiet progress
There is no loafing, the men working all the
time

Mr. Stuart has taken a liking to his British
employees He says he finds the skilled
labor good, byt he regards the common
laborer as a poor creature compared with
an American of the same class

A village is springing up alongside the works,
which are to be arranged on American plans
and will be heated by gas and lighted by
electricity. The correspondent says the vil-
lage will be a “pocket edition” of Pittsburg

OXFORD HONORS DR. BRIGGS.

Degree of Litt, D. Conferred on Him by That
Institution,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Loxpon, June 20 —-The University of Ox-
ford this afternoon conferred the honorary
degree of doctor of letters upon the Rev
Francis Brown of New jork, and the honor
ary degree of Litt. D. cn Prof, C. A. Briggs
of Union Theological Semicary, New York

Dr. Briggs received the degree of DD. at
the centenary celebration of the University
of Edinburg in 1844 It is nine years since
he waa tried by the New York Presbytery
on heresy charges and sequitted. The case
was taken on appeal by his opponents in
the Chureh te the General Assembly which
met in Washington in i803 and the, verdict
of the local Presbytery was set aside. Dr
Brigwa was suspended from the Presbytery
He was not obliged to resign, however, from
the faculty of Union Theological Seminary
and at the present time he haa the chair of
Riblical Theology in the Presbyterian in-
stitution. In. 1808 he voluntarily bad his
name removed from the roll of the New York
Presbytery. He joined the Episcopal Church
in the same year and on May 14, 1490, Bishop
Potter ordained him to the priesthood of
the Protestant Episcopal Church y Dr. Brigia
was born in this city In 1841 and educated at
the University of Virginia and Union Sem-
inury. He served in the Civil Was as a wem-
ber of the Seventh Regiment and in 1s74
he became a professor in Union Seminary

THE PRESIDENT.

Afterward Heo Tells Reporters That the Naval
Board's Work Is Preparation for War.

CALIS ON

DEWEY

Wasuinoton, June 20--Admiral Dewey
called on President McKinley to-day to pay his
respects before leaving for Newport. After
his interview with the President he talked
with the reporters at the White House Re.
ferring to the work of the General Board of
the Navy, of which he is President, the Ad-
miral said -

Our work is Somewhat analagous to that
performed by the general stats of the armies
of European countries It is preparation
for war, something that has not been done
when the war with Spain came on. After the
declaration of war between Prussia and
France, one of Von Moltke’s callers was
greatly surprised to find hin reading & French
novel, and asked him whe he was not pre
paring his plan of campaign ‘Tt is already
prepared,’ replied Von Moltke. ‘It is in that
cabinet yonder

I think we should have a general staff in
our army,” continued the Admiral I should
regret to ree the United States in another war
but if one doas come, | hope the work the
Naval Board ix doing will be of services in
preparing us for it

 

 

 

a
Ramor That Ambassador White Will Resign,
Special Cable Despat-h to Tie Sus
Lonpon, June 20 -According to a telegrain
from Berlin, it is believed there that Androw
Db White, the Amertean Atabassador, will
resign and return to the United States next

December

Story Of Demand on Denmark Denied,

WasninoTon, June 20—The report that
the United States Government has damanded
that Denmark fortify the Danish West [Indies
is officially denied by the State Department,

 

 

Poland! Poland! Poland
The purest natural spring watet In the world, Ads,

 

 

UNION STRIKERS WOUNDED:

SHOT AT A WEST VIRGINIA MINE
WHILE ATTEMPTING VIOLENCE.

 

 

Attacked a Barricade When Non-Union Men
Were at Work —Warned to Keep Off and
Then Were Shot-Three Men Wounded,
Two Mortally—Call Sent to Union Men

MaTewan, W. Va., June 20.—Striking
miners attacked the Maritime mines at
this place to-day and got a warm recep-
tion. They were fired on by the super-
intendent of the mine, by armed guards
and non-union miners, and three of the
attacking party were wounded, two mor-
tally and one dangerously. Since the
shooting Sheriff Hatfleld, a nephew of the
notorious Capt. Hatfield, has come to the
scene of the battle. Having fifty deputies
with him, and being a man of as much
nerve as his redoubtable namesake, it is
probable that he will preserve order, if
somebody has to be shot.

There has been trouble at the mines here
and at Thacker for several weeks. The
miners went on a strike some time ago
and the company brought in non-union
miners, Many are mountaineers who think
the wages paid are “big money,” care for
no union and are determined to work
whether strikers like it or not. The union,
however, induced many of the miners
who did not belong to the union to strike,
They “persuaded” last night the men in
the Logan and Red Jacket mines to put
their tools down and decided to try their
influence at Matewan.

They came over this morning, several
hundred of them ina body. Supt. Lambert
stood behind a barricade at the entrance of
the mine, backed up with twenty men
armed with rifles, The strikers advaneed
in a body and were ordered back by Lam-
bert,

They still came forward and Lambert
cautioned them again. Finally some of
them put their hands on the barricade
and the order to fire was given, the strikers
say, by Lambert himself. At least fifty
shots were exchanged. At the first volley
Boyd Martin and Riley Johnson fell to
the ground, mortally wounded, and at
the next Samuel Artrip dropped, dan-
gerously shot, All are atill alive,

The strikers advanced no further, but
withdrew and sent emissaries all through
the region calling for re-enforcements,
All the union miners throughout this, the
Mingo fleld, will knock off work to-morrow
and will come to Matewan, Nearly every
body living hereabouts has a rifle or re-
volver, non-union and union men, and
serious trouble is expected, Sheriff Hat-
fleld says he intends to do his duty,

NEW PARTY O. RK. SAYS JONES,

Democratic Chairman Says It Will Separate
& ryan Men From Democrats,

Pirtsatno Pa. June 20—Senator J. K,
Jones, National Demoeratio Chalrman, was
in Pittsburg to-day and took luncheou with
Col J. M. Guffey. Senator Jones said

“The formation of the new party is a good
thing as it will separate nothing but Bryan
men from the other Democrats
were pertinent in 1806 are not necessarily
so eight years later. New questions will be
up in the next campaign and the chief one |
think will be the deelsion of the Supreme
Court as to our insular The
question whether the Constitution follows the
flag will be fought out at the polls.”

Issues which

possessions

BRYAN ON A LECTURING TRIP.

Stops Over in Chicago Long Enough to Boom
Mark Hanna for President.

Cuicaao, June 20.—W. J. Bryan arrived
in Chicago to-day on a trip which he said
was “part business and part pleasure” [le
was accompamed by his wife and three
children

“You might say I'm here to boom Mark

Hanna as the next Republican President,”
said Mr Bryan. “I regard Mark as the
typical representative of his party, but | have
some doubts about my ability te control
the Republican convention when the time
comea to make the nomination "

Mr Bryan had little to say on polities

The party left to-night over the Grand Trunk
for Port Huron Mr Bryan and his family
will go to Buffalo, visit the Exposition, and
then go down the St. Lawrence as far as
Montreal, where Mrs. Bryan and the two
girls will separate from Mr. Bryan and the
boy, continuing the Journey to Boston where
they will visit

From Montreal Mr. Bryan will go to Water-
town, N.Y, where he will begin a series
of speeches that will cover a wide territory,
fle will speak at Philadelphia, Norfolk, Va
Bristol, Va, and other Southern cities On
this trip of speechmaking Mr. Bryan will be
mostly under the direction of the Chautauqua
Socteties, and his tople will be “A Conquering
Nation "

 

FXPECTS BRYAN TO IFAD.

Shilling, the Wisconsin Popullst, Says the
Nebraska Man Will Favor the Third Party,

MinwacKer, Wis, June 20 --Robert Shil-
ling, the well-known Populist leader, says that
William Jennings Bryan will lead the third
party movement. Shilling said

‘Iam heartily in favor of the organization
of anew third party. It seem
make any further efforts to control the Demo-
eratic party. As surely as that party re-
organizes it will return to its old idols and
there is nothing left for those who believe in
the Chieago platform of 1806 but to launch a
new party in which all the reform elements

may find ‘odgement.'
“Do vou think this movement has the sup-

uselesa tomato

 

 

port of William J) Bryan?
Ido not doubt it in the least) T presume
he will be very reticent on the subject for the

time belbia, but it is net or logical but nee
essary that he would come out openly on the
side of the third party when the matter hus
once taken definite shape
‘When J say that Lamm st

this third party movement
sider that Lar speaking for
lists of Wisconsin

muly in favor of
you may. con-
all of the Popu-

COL. DADY, ADMIRAT.

fle Is Collecting a Fleet With Which to Clean
Out Havana Harbor,

Col, Michael J. Dady of Brooklyn is col-
lecting afleetin the Erie Basin with which to
tackle the big job of dredging out the filthy
harbor of Havana, for which he recent

secured the contract It will inelnde the
powerful dredge Wo H. Beard, the tighout
{i irine Francesco and a lot of mud seows
\ V-shaped breakwater of solid planking is
being Doilt around the dredge to Protect
jt trom the heavy seas of Cape Hatteras

fhe fleet will hug the coast on the way
down and call at several ports for applies,
lie date of ita departure has not yet been
fixed Col, Dady expects to have ne dim
owt) in fully manning the expedition, in
spite of the supposed risk of vellow fever
srronding the work in the harbor

A New Train to Buffalo,

ve New York Central has placed in service an en
new train to Lbuffalo, leaving Grand Central
hon at @20 A. M., arriving Huflalo 20 P.M
*y)os train affords another opportunity fora daylicht
slong the Hudson River and through the Mohawk

ey w Buffalo. Ade

A

 

Partly cloudy to-day,

   

 

with local rains;
fair to-morrow.

 

 

BABCOCK'S GUEST OBJECTED.

Wouldn't Pay $2 Cab Fare—Drives te Po-
lice Station—Sergeont Decides Against Her

Anelderly woman guest at 14 East Thirty-
seventh street, the home of Mrs Maltbie
D. Babcock, widow of the Rev. Dr. Babcock
of the Brick Presbyterian Church, engaged
Andrew Elliott, a cabman, to drive her
from Thirty-seventh street up to the Plaza
Hotel and back again last night. After
the ride the cabman asked for $2. The
woman thought that $1 was enough, and
rather than pay moro merely because the
driver demanded it she continued her ride
to the West Thirtieth street police station,
where the question was submitted to Sergt.
Carson. He decided in favor of the cab
man and the woman paid the other dollar.

HRS.

 

 

 

FACTORY INSPECTORS INDICTED:

Accused of Takiag Bribes to Allow Factory
Work in Tenement Houses.

The Grand Jury in Brooklyn found in-
dictments yesterday against several State
factory ‘inspectors on the charge of ex-
tortion. George H. Brannif, Deputy Super-
intendent of the State Factory Depart-
ment, came down from Albany last week

and had several conferences with District
Attorney Clarke before the matter was
taken to the Grand Jury.

Mr, Job Hedges was appointed by the
Attorney-General as a Deputy Attorney-
General to conduct the prosecution,

It is alleged that the accused inspectors
accepted bribes from contractors for allow-
ing them to do factory work in tenment
houses, So far the names of the implicated
inspectors have not been disclosed and
no arrests had been made up to a late hour
last night.

 

BLOODHOUNDS TRACK EGG THROWERS.

Young Men Who Broke Up @ Christian Endeavor
Mecting Caught.

Omana, Neb, June 20 —Twenty young
Christian Endeavorers who have been hold-
ing a series of meetings near Stanton, Neb,
bave proved themselves worthy members
of the church militant. At an evening meet-
ing the services were interrupted by a volley
of eggs which were thrown with deadly ef-
fect, The windows were all open and the
fusillade came from every direction. The
Rev, Horace Claiborn, a Presbyteran minis-
ter, was hit squarely between the eyes. The
worshippers made for the door with all haste,
but the mischief makers had vanished

The Endeavorers telegraphed to Lincoln
for the penitentiary bloodhounds before
resuming thelr worship. Early this morning
the dogs were put on the scent at the school-
house, and without hesitation led the pur-
suers to the homes of four young men, Will
Besk, Ralph Marshall, Omer Stuart and
Thomas Long, Jr. Two of the marauders
admitted their guilt and the others were
convicted on testimony before Judge Vining.
They were fined $100 and costs.

BULLDOG STOPS

 

RUNAWAY.

 

 

 

Seizes Dragging Reins in His Teeth and Brings
Horse to a Standstill.

Mounistown, N. J., Juno 20.—A bulldog
was tho hero of a runaway accident this
afternoon, Howard Netheim was driving,
having bis bulldog for a companion. The
horse became frightened at the cars and
ran away, throwing Mr. Netheim and the dog
ont. The horse dashed up the street followed
by the dog. The reins were dragging and
the dog caught them in his teeth and hela on
till he stopped the horse. Mr, Netheim was
not badly hurt

 

IVSANE WOMAN JUMPS FROM A TRAIN.
Miss Spring of This City Injured by a Leap — Was
Being Taken to Dansville.

StrovpspurG, Pa, June 20.—Suffering
from temporary insanity, a Miss Spring of
New York jumped from a Delaware, Lack-
awanna and Western train near Henryville
this afternoon and suffered serious injury
Miss Spring resides on Thirty-sixth street
and was on her way to the Sanitarium at
Dansville, N.Y, in charge of a young woman
She eluded the vigilanee of the trainmen
and nurse, opened the door and leaped out
rhe train was going about thirty-five miles
an hour. She was picked up unconscious
and taken to Henryville station,

—— —

SUNDAY BAIL PLAYERS FINED.

Yonkers Jury Who Tries Them Disagrees -Im-
mediately Retried Without a Jury,

Yorwens, N, Y., June 20.—The case of two
baseball players arrested last Sunday came
up before Judge Kellogg and a jury to-day
and resulted in @ disagreement of the jury,
The case was immediately retried before
Judge Kellogg without a jury, the defence
agreeing, and resulted in a conviction

Judge Kellogg fined the risoners $5 each.
The fines were paid and a notice of appeal
to the County Court filed The case will be
argued before Judge Lent at White Plains
on Saturday

Haren’t Got Blondin Yet.

Inspector Rhoades of the Massachusett
State Police, who came here with Inspector
MeConstand of the Boston police to hunt for

Joseph Wilfred Blondin, the bow-legged
stationary engineer who is suspected by
the Boston pollee of baving murdered and
beheaded his wife, returned home last night

 

Capt Titus'’s men seem to think that Blon-
din is still in this city. They can't under-
stand how a s#tumpy, bow Jegged, pock-

marked Canadian with little money
hbimsel!

can hide

 

Kennedy Bondswoman's Horses Hurt by a Car.

A $2,500 pair of horses belonging to Elmer
E Hand of 824 West Seventy-sixth street,
whose wife furnished the 10,000 bail for
Dr Samuel J. Kennedy, got their legs tangled
in the fender of a Sixth Avenue trolley car
at Lhirty-seventh street last night The
negro coachman, David Robinson, miscal-
culated speed and distance and triad to crosa
in front of the ear. The horses’ legs were
cut

Maine Victim's Child Mortally Hurt at Play.

 

Julia Anderson, whore
father was one of the sailors killed on the
battleship Maine in’ Havana harbor, was
playing io her yard at 614 Lexington avenue
yesterday allernoon and somebody threw
a brick from the roof and hit her on the head
The child's sicull was broken, She was takou
to the Presbyterian Hospital, She will prob-

Seven-vear-old

ably die
Circus Clown Drops Dead During the Per.
formance.

Sraries, Minn, June 20- During the
evening performance of Berwick's circus,
the brother of the proprietor, who was act-
jaw as a clown, dropped dead while on his
way 'o the dressing room Uéart failure
was the cause

 

$10,000 Gift to the SheMeld School,
New Haven, Conn, June 20—Prof Rua
wii H Chittenden, director of the Yale Shef-

fled Scientific School, announced to-night
that Irwin Rew of Chicago, of the clase of
so hod sent $10,000 as a gift to the She Meld
senool The gift is recelved without eon-
ditions

 

—
land on Mount McGregor Sold for 61,

Haitaton, N.Y, dune 20—John H. Thorpe
of North Adama, Mass, has sold to Willlam
Courtenay of New York elty for $1 the land
on Mount MeGregor The transfer tneludes

 

 

ali the property excepting the cotlage ia
whichGen Grant died
. Poland! Poland! Poland!

‘The purest natural spring water in the world;—Ad@

 

TWO CENTS.

—

PRICE

   
 
 

KELLER TESTIFIES AGAIN,

DENIES IMPRESSIVELY THAT HE BOR-
ROWED OF MRS. BARKER.

 

 

Denies That He Said Good Morning to Barker
Before the Shooting—Denies Indignantly
Mrs. Barker's Story That She Left the
Church Because of an Outrage on Her—
Prosecator Asks Directly if He Outraged
Her-He Is Not Allowed to Answer
—Defence Rests—Lawyers to Talk To-day.

Nothing now remains of the cas Thanet,
G. Barker, charged with assaulting :

intent to kill the Rev. John: Keller, save the
awyers’ talk, the Judge’s charge and the
verdict. The evidence for the prosecution
and for the defence is allin. The last witnes4
left the stand just prior to the adjournment
of court yesterday afternoon. The counsel
in the case will begin their arguments at
10:15 this morning. By direction of Judge
Blair each side will have one hour and fifteen
minutes in which to present its case. That
would end the speeches ata quarter to 1 o'clock
in the afternoon, with a strong probability
that the Judge's charge would not begte
until the opening of court at 2 o'clock after
the midday recess. Lawyers say they do not
believe Judge Blair will make a long charge,
as the law on which he will instruct the jury
is simple in this case

There were plenty of people in the court
room last evening at adjournment who be-
lieved there would be a verdict before 5 o'clock
this afternoon, all of which, of course, was
said with due reservation on the general
uncertainty of jury action, It was argued,
also by the lawyers who have nothing to do
with the case, that inasmuch as there prac
tica ly was no defence to the technical charge
in the indictment there would be little lets
for Judge Blair to do save to direct the jury
to bring in a verdict of guilty on some one of
the four counts in the indictment. These
counts, four in number, range from assault
with intent to kill to assault and battery.
For the first-named offence, which comes
under the general classification in New Jersey
of a high misdemeanor, the extreme penalty
is seven years itnprisonment in the State
Prison and a fine of $2,000, for the second @
penalty of three years’ imprisonment may
be inflleted

But it is evident that even with Mr, Barker
convicted and sentenced the end of this con-
troversy isnot yet reached. To all intents and
purposes there were two defendants to this
remarkabie case and t'e greatest of these
was not Mr. Thomas G. Barker but the Rev
John Keller” The shocking charge made by
Mrs. Barker agsinst Mr. Keller remains un-
assailed by any evidence that was intro-
duced in the case now drawing to its end
Not a word of testimony bearing upon it
would Judge Blair permit) In all humen
probability the jury will be specifically
charged by the Court to utterly ignore any
references to it made in the discussions of
counsel during the trial and in the statements
which witnesses now and then got in before
they could be headed off with objections of
counsel and rulings of the court Will the
friends of Mr Keller permit him to remain
thus unvindicated, or, even if the friends
brought no pressure to bear, will Mr Keller
himself consent to remain with that accusa.
tion against him unmet by every legal step
that ean force its proof or its refutal? These
were the questions that were more disenased
at the close of court yesterday than was that
of the final issue of the case against Mr
Barker

BUBSEQUENT LITIGATION LIKELY

There are plain indications that Mr. Keller
and hia friends have some important move
contemplation, It is known that Mr.
Richard V. Lindabury of Elizabeth, one of
the eminent lawvers of New Jersey, has
been retained in Mr. Keller's interest, It is
also reported on good authority that a promi-
nent legal firm of Newark has been engaged.
During all of the first three days of the trial
of Mr. Barker a representativeof Mr. Linda-
bury was present in the court room, care-
fully watching every move in the case, Yes-
terday Mr. Lindabury himself was there,
Neither Mr. Lindabury nor his representa.
tive took any part in the trial itself, The
ease against Barker was conducted solely
by Mr. Erwin, the Prosecutor of the Pleas,
But Mr. Keller's own counsel were near bim
through it all and frequently consulted with
him. Yesterday all sorts of rumors were
afloat about civil suite against individuals
and about libel suits against newspapers.
The libel suit tal't grew out of the publication
of what purported to be that identical story
of the alleged outrage upon Mrs. Barker
as related and sworn to by Mrs. Barker her-
self--the statement which the defence per-
sistently from first to last endeavored in
some form to have introduced in evidence
and which Judge Blair just as persistently
ruled should not be introduced. It was
not until Wednesday morning that it became
positively clear beyond all range of hope
that this jury would never hear that story
from the lips of witnesses

Then in some mysterious manner type.
written documents containing the forbidden
matter found their way to the representatives
of newspapers and publication followed

It was evident when Mr. Erwin, the prose.
cutor, first learned of this publication, which
was late on Wednesday afternoon, that he
was more than a little moved by the fact.
There were predictions on Wednesday even.
ing that he would be heard from on the
subject at the opening of Court yesterday
morning. This prediction was fulflled. It
was the first subject which the Prosecutor
took up after the roll of the jury was called

LAWYERS TALK OF A PUBLISHED AFFIDAVIT

“Tf the Court please,” began Mr Frwin,
“before we proceed I wish to say that my
attention bus been called to the publication
in certain newspapers of what purports to *
be an account by Mrs. Barker of the alleged
outroge upon her which hes beer referre 4
to in the course of this trial. it wus printed
in such a way us to give the foupression that
it wasn part of the proceedings in the present
trial I do not care to take up the Court's
time at present, but I call the attention of the
Court to it in order that tre Court may take
such action a8 uppears advisable Whether
it be contempt of court ts not for me to say
I moke no churges, but the publication of
the #tatement 4 clearly against vour Honor’s
rulings here and strongly savors of con-
tempt If such publications are not checked
restricted they might have on influence
that would act against the proper admin-
istration of justice IT have the papers here
and printed extracts, and I will present the
same at any time the Court may direct "

This brought Mr. Van Winkle of counsel
for Mr Barker to his feet As for the people
in the court room--and the audience was
larger than on any prior day since the trial
begun-—their attention keenly fixed
that there had not been a sound in the room
during the Prosecutor's speech save that of
his rather low voice He had spoken entirely
without heat, almost, in fact, in a conversa.
tlonal tone. Mr. Van Winkle in his reply
displayed a shade more of feeling There

or

was #0

 

—_———

 

Saratoga Limited —Season of 1901.

This famous New Yor Central train will ieave New
York on its initial trip, Saturday, June 22d, at 1:50
P, M., and every Sa’ 7 Mhereafter during the sea-
gon, Onallother week days the train leaves at 3:20

.M. All ee parlor cars, including an observe-

car. Ade,