YOL LIXVI.—NO0. 266
BARLY VOTE ON TARIFF BILL

Ore THAT IT WILL BE A
LAW BEFORE JULY 1.

 
 

 

 

 

pow Tariff Republicans Have Concluded
Tat if They Continue to Insist on
the Fullest Discussion They May Be
Liable to the Charge of Filibustering.

’ WASHINGTON, May 23.—Conditions con-
fronting the Republican leaders of the
Senate have so changed since yesterday
that it is probable that an agreement will
be reached this week which will bring an
end to the tariff debate in that body at a
specified time. Senators aware of what
was going on expressed the opinion to-day
that there would be an agreement in the
Senate Monday or Tuesday under which
the final vote on the tariff bill and all its
amendmenta will be taken early in June,
probably not later than the J0th.

According to what was eaid to-day the
jow tariff Republicans, who have been
the principal critics of the bill before
the Senate and were responsible for the
long drawn out debates and consequent
delay in gotting action, have come to the
conclusion that there is no further neces-
sity for them to continue their efforts, and
that in fact it will be wiser for them from
a political standpoint to agree to the
propesition to fix an early date for a final
vote.

In reaching this conclugion the low tariff
Republicans have had in mind that the
opposition which they have made up to
this time has convinced the country suffi-
ciently that they were in favor of, down-
ward revision and that the bill reported
by the Senate Committee on Finance did
not suit them at all As they look at the
tituation to continue their insistence on
the very fullest discussion of every im-
portant item in the bill may make them
liable to the charge of filibustering, and
they are extromely anxious to avoid being
eubjected to that charge.

Furtherinere, they are of the opinion
that the country will soon begin to insist
in a very emphatic way that the new
tariff Jaw shall be put into operation as
soon as passible. Already some low tariff

or insurgent Rapublicana have heard
from constituents, mostly business men,
that the continuance of the tariff debate
without the prospect of action is injuring
trade and incu-try end that a resump-
ton of prosperity donands on the removal
cf existing uncertainty through the

enactinant of th» tariT law

In these circumstances most of the in-
eurgent Republicans have reached a ten-
{ilive agresinant among themselves to
tirow no more obstacles in the way of
early action by the Senate.
able that by Tuesday at the latest the
vay will ba clei for an agreymant sutis-
factory to all tactlons in the Senate. As
pa(ters stand pow an

ciding to have a final vote at an early
date, but owing to a recogaition of the
timo hanpred principie of Senatorial cour-
tasy the smail opposition is enabled to
delay action as long as it pleases, or at
lnast as long as the voices of its members
hoid out. With tha exception of Senaior
Tanial of Virgini: and possibly one or

It is prob- |

x + NEW YORK,

Beveridge (Rep.) and Shively (Dem.),
Minnesota is represented by Nelson and
Clapp, both Republicans; South Dakota
by two Republicans, Gamble and Craw-
ford; lowa by two Republicans, Dolliver
and Cummins, and Nebraska by two
Republicans, Burkett and Brown. Ali
these Senators are regarded as forming
the majority of the coterie within the
Republican party in the Senate who have
made the fight against the schedules
reported from the Finance Committee.
In the Kansas-Wisconsin table Senators
Bristow and La Follette are put down as
opponents of the pending bill, which
means that Senators Curtis and Stephen-
son of the same States are regarded as
friendly to the measure. Kentucky,
Colorado and Nevada each has one Re-
publican Senator favorable to the bill.
The other Senators from these States are
Democrats. ,
The result shows that States which have
one or two Republican Senators in fayor
of the pending tariff bill cast 207 electoral
votes for Taft and Sherman, while the
States which have one or both Republican
Senators opposing the bill cast only 74
electoral votes for Taft and Sherman.
Another comparison shows that the num-
ber of electoral votes cast for Taft and
Sherman by States both of whose Sena-
tors are in favor of the pending tariff bill
was 202 more than the number of elec-
toral votes cast for Taft and Sherman by
States both of whose Senators are oppos-
ing the pending bill.
Republican Senators who were re-
sponsible for the preparation of these
| tables contend that the showing made is
|a sufficient answer to any criticism that
ithe Republican party does not favor the

bill reported to the Senate by the Finance
| Committee.

| ELMER DOVER TURNED DOWN.

His Appointment as Bank Fxaminer for
This City Revoked.

WASHINGTON, May 23.—The appoint-
nent of Elmer Dover of Ohio, formeér
secretary of the Republican national
committee, as United States bank ex-
;aminer for New York city has been re-
| voked or suspended. Laurence O. Mur-
ray, the Comptroller of the Currency,
made the appointment with President
Taft’s concurrence and probably at his
suggestion. It is understood that the
| direction to revoke or suspend it came
| from the White House.
| There is much reticence in offcial cir-
cles over the matter. According to one
story, which has a reliable source, the
revocation or suspension was the result
of what was regarded as an indiscreet
effort to make it appear that Mr. Dover
had been appointed toshow his power and
| influence with the new Administration and
that his selection was intended as a slap
at certain prominent politicians.

Only the other day Presi@ent Taft re-
voked the appointment of a Kansas man
jto an office under the Department of
| Justice because Gov. Stubbs of Kansas

 

 

 

‘apparently had tried to show that the
{appointment was meant as a rebuke to
United States Senator Curtis and part of
an Administration plan to defeat Repre-

jag mo _ overwhelming | sentative Anthony of Kansas. The Presi- |
majority of Sorators are in favor of de- dent wrote a letter to Gov. Stubbs in |

| which he showed that he resented the at-
| ternpt to involve the Federal Administra-
jtion in a factional political controversy
\in Kansas and made plain that he would
j not use his power of appointment to help

or hurt any faction in any important Re-
| publican State. It is surmised from the

 

faa Jittie known in the matter that the action |
two other Democratic Senators, the Demo- | taken in Mr. Dover's case is based on |
crats ol ths Boqat> ars very anxious to! circumstances somewhat similar to those |
have a finel vote at ths euriiest date rea- lin the Kansas affair

 

 

MONDAY,

  

 

 

IN ARTER TUSSLE WITH IC

SOME

 

THE BISLEY
ENORMOUS

REPORTS
BERGS.,

 

Blades—The Madura Not Less Hurt
~—Skipper's Wife on Board the Latter
~—Fear the Liners May Be Affected.

Two steamers in New York harbor
yesterday, the Bisley from Glasgow, and
the Madura from Newcastle, both Brit-
ishers, bore evidence of being badly bat-
tered by ice fields. The Bisley was in
such a leaky condition that she had to be
put in dry dock and it was discovered
that she had lost her propeller blades
save one which was twisted and bent.
It is the opinion of the skipper that the

ice, which is moving south, may prove a

Was Badly Dented and Lost Propeller

serious obstacle to the tfansatlantic lane.

The Madura was in the ice the better
part of two days off the banks of New-
foundland and communicated by whistle,
using the Morse code, with the Mongolian
of the Allan Steamship Company, which
was wedged in off St. John's harbor and
some of whose passengers walked ashore.
Another vessel she communicated with
was the British steamship Devona, bound
for Montreal. This vessel was far to the
| north where the ice was worst and was in
a precarious position last Monday/ The
crew of the Madura are wondering if
| she was able to weather the crush.

Mrs. RK. T. Horsley, wife of the skipper
of the Madura and the only woman aboard,
stood by her husband on the bridge of
his boat. She said Jast night that it was
very comfortable to be safe again.

“I enjoyed the scenery,” she said, “but
I shouldn't care to repeat the experience.”

First Officer A. S. Brown of the Madura
kept a log of the encounter with the ice
which he will forward to the British
Meteorological Bureau at Lendon. Ice
| was first seen off the banks about 4 o'clock
last Monday morning. It was fine and
packy. Half an hour later there were
{small bergs and soon there came into
{view fields three and four miles long.
The Madura, which carried a crew of
thirty-two men, had made several at-
| tempts to get out of the field by circling
| but at 7 o'clock Monday night found itself
; surrounded. All hands were on watch that
| night, but a fog came up and they could
| only hear the crunching.

There was a clearing at daybreak, and
then came the finest sight. Capt. Hors-
ley figured that one peak stretched up
500 feet and another somewhat higher.
First Officer Brown went aloft with the
glasses, but his horizon from south to
northwest was cut off. It was intensely
cold and for two hours the vessel was
| stalled. It was the evening before that
the Mongolian and the Devona had been
communicated with by whistle, and this
was tried again The sounds from
latter had been very faint. Capt. Hors-
ley found that he was being carried back-
ward and he would allow no more steam
to be wasted.

About noon a mountain of ice 1,500
feet high and 1,300 feet long came into
| view. The Madura was wedged between
two islands, but came out. A few min-
| utes later the navigator found it neces-
sary to describe a letter S to avoid col-
liding with other floaters. There was
gradually more and more clear water,
and as the afternoon wore on the surface

 

MAY 24,

SS

fonably possibls Forty-iwo Renublican
tenators maintain the same attitude.

Realining th ce things and ali the other
conditiens involvect, i:ttle coterie of
Jow tariff Republicins have decided to
meet Chairman Aldrich half way in his
effort to get a vote soon. They claim that
when this action 18 taken it will not be a
turrencescnther part, but will be merely
hotice that they have accomplished
as woll as they could what they set out
to do and that furthor opposition will be
unnecessary and unwise.

There are obetacies, however. in the
vay of carrying out this proposed plan.
It will require unanimous consent, and in
order to obtain thet Chairman Aldrich
must report from the Finance Committee

 

tae

the several amendments which the com- |

mittee has been considering.
La Follette, one of the leaders of the
insurgent Republicans. and Senator
Daniel, the senior Democratic member
eo the Committee of Tinance, will not

fonsent to any agreement until] the bill

2
senator

\. its entirety has been reported to the |

denato. That Mr. Aldrich will be ready
to give assurances that the amendments
Will be reported without celay is regarded
€& certein

According to Senators acquainted with
the eflort to reach an agreement for an
early vote the Congress leaders wil) use
energetic means to have the tariff bill
passed by Loth houses and placed on the
eae book by July 1, when the fiscal year
eRINS

\t the instance of Republican Senators
*ho desire carly action on the tariff bill

tlatistical tables have been prepared to " H
ared. She did not return and the |
show that the Republican Senators who | baby

are opporing the Senate measure repre-
*nt States which cast only a small pro-

portion of the electoral vote by which
Soother Republican President was placed
inthe White House last March. In one
lable is a list of twenty-three States which
Went Republican in 1908 and furnished

Taft and Sherman 238 electoral votes.

Two of these States each has one Re-
lablican Senator and one Democratic
“enator, while another (Ilinois) has one
Kepul tican Senator and one vacancy.

In a table of Republican States whose
fruators are opposing the Finance Com-

mittce jive States are given, with a total| Lillian Lorraine Says She Didn't Want|man Abraham Blott pulling on the reins | way,

Uf 51 clecteral votes. Of thé ten Senators
‘ho represent those States only one is a
Temocrat. In a table of States which
Went Democratic in the election of 1908

lut cach

of which has ont Republican

“itor the names of Kentucky, Colo-
Talos id Nevada are given,with a total of
‘T+ li ctoral votes. Kansas and Wisconsin,
“ith a total of 28 clectoral votes,are given
Bisuet! arate table under the caption
ladles ¢

Lich went Republican, only one

‘f whone Sc nators is opposing the Finance | Lorraine's counsel, but had been retained | Vernon.

Conimittes,”

Ths tibles show that an overwhelming
Majority of the votes for Taft ani Sher-
pan in the Electoral College were cast
7 Stat-s whose Senators are in favor
°f the pending tariff bill as a general
Proposition The States given in the list

of Republican States whose Senators are

ens the Finance Committee - are
Ndiana, Minnesota, South Dakota, Iowa
QQd Nebraska Indiana's Senators are

| The national bank examiners in New
York receive compensation in fees, and
the particular office to which Mr. Dover was
appointed is said to be worth about $12,000
ayear. Itis one of the best places within
the appointing authority of the President.
Mr. Dover was private secretary to the
|late Marcus A. Hanna from 1897 to April,
'1904,, when he was elected secretary of
, the Republican national committee. He
| served in that capacity until August, 1908,
jwhen William Hayward of Nebraska was

| elected to succeed him at the suggestion |

of Frauk H. Hitchcock, the chairman of
the national committee Afterward Mr.
| Dover was appointed secretary of the
;advisory committes of the Republican
national committee.

 

 

Obliiging Traveller in Jersey City Did and
Young Woman IMsappesred.

A hatless young woman wearing a
cream colored dress paced the waiting
room at the Pennsylvania Railroad station
lin Jersey City last night with a three-
| months-old baby girl in her arms

“Won't you please hold my baby while
I look after my baggage?” she asked
'a man who was waiting foratrain. The
man declined to oblige her, saying he
| didn't know how to handle such little
| things, and a few minutes later the woman
repeated her request in the trainched
to Mrs. Bartell of 515 Riverside Drive,
New York city.
| Mrs. Bartell tenderly took the child
}in her arms and the young woman dis-

 

baby was turned over to the police. A
| passenger bought a bottle and filled it
| with milk and Policeman Aleck Gallagher
took the baby and bottle to the City
| Hospital.

| The abandoned child is about three
;months old. Her clothing was of fine
material. There were no marks on it.
fhe woman was a blonde, apparently
'21 years old, and five feet tall. Persons
;who saw her at the station said she ap-
peared to be a woman of refinement.

 

SHE DOESN'T ACCUSE BROCKW AY

 

| Him Arrested-—-Case Goes Over.
Charles Brockway, the automobile man
living at 187 Weet 110th street, who was
| arrested on Saturday charged with steal-
ing a diamond necklace from Lillian Lor-
'raine, one of Anna Held's show girls,
| was arraigned yesterday in the Jefferson
' Market police court. He was represented
by Lawyer Maurice Meyer. 7
Mr. Meyer told the court that he was
in an awkward position, as he was Miss

 

in this particular case by Brockway. He
| said he thought a mistake had been made
|and that Miss Lorraine probably did not
| wish to bring any charge against Brock-
|}way. Miss Torraine eaid that she had
never agreed to make any Charge aeaiiet
' Brockway and that his arrest been
made without her authorization
te Barlow put the case over
for forty eight hours and continued the
| station house bond. It is probable that
the care will be di

 

ice appeared to be mostly chunks. Six-
teen icebergs were counted dead ahead
jat dusk, and at 7 o'clock Wednesday
morning seventeen more were counted,
, but they were well in the wake of the
'Madura, whose crew crowded on all |
{steam. She arrived off the bar at Sandy
Hook at 5 o'clock yesterday morning.
First Officer Brown said that it was almost |
certain that ice would be bothering the }
transatlantic liners by to-day, if it al-

ready had not given them trouble.

| The Bisley did not weather the ice so

!well. Her bow was dented, the plates
‘on the port side were pushed in and the
starboard side was also dented. Capt. |
| Eagleton first noticed the ice pack a week

j ago Saturday at 10 o'clock in the morn- |
jing about seventy miles off Cape Race.

|

 

 

 

and then came the fog. The ice cakes
were thirty and forty feet thick and some |
‘were so far under water that they were |
| grounded. Parts of the ice looked black |
land old. Capt. Eagleton noted in his
‘log the appearance of seals and‘a polar
bear.

| When the fog lifted at about 8 o'clock |
|the next morning the Bisley was free, |
but before she could be stopped had poked |

| her nose into a V shaped opening in the | ening letters to me and my financial agent, |
i

ice ahead. The work of backing up was |
| slow, and it is then that Capt. Eagleton |
| believes that he lost his propeller blades. |
| The captain said that he was familiar with
| ice jams in the Baltic. but he had never
‘encountered anything like this. By noon
he had gotten clear of the main fields,
but at midnight the temperature was |
| still cold and much ice was in sight. The!
|next day there were floating blocks, |

|
| but after that the vessel got into New |

| York without incident.

 

 

HORSES RUN AWAY. |

 

FUNERAL

!Finally Board a Trolley Car and Nearly
| Kill the Motorman, |

A pair of horses drawing a coach in

which two women and a man were return- | inanded in court that he give a list of his ; tio

ing from a funeral got frightened and
bolted on Boston road at Fordham Square, |
The Bronx, yesterday afternoon, They ,
ran north to Tremont avenue, with Coach- j
with all his might and guiding them as
best he could.

At Tremont avenue a southbound trol-
|ley car had stopped to take on passen-
gers. By the time the runaway coach
| horses were abreast of the car Blott had
{them well in hand, but suddenly they
i veered to the left and plunged into the
front platform of the car. |
| The pole of the coach rammed through |
the gate beside Motorman John Mullin, +
‘of 17 South Thirteenth street, Mount |
Trying to escape it Mullin

*k fror

um bac n his controller, but.
jun ped of the pole struck him and pene-
trated his groin, It took two policemen

to free him. At fordham Hospital it
| was said that his chance of life wasslim. |
| Coachman Blott, who drives for Albert |
Bros. of 147 East 199th street and lives
at 170 Henry street, was arrested. His
fares were not hurt and neither were the |

ho rses.
Seater REEIED |
| ATLANTA—RIN MINGHAM—MEMPHIS,
| Quicker schedule, through sleepers. = |
Jeeev ey * tem ity tet wa ON Youth

 

 

  

 

 

 

OPERA SALARIES $2,000,000. | DISPERSE A MERTING OF REDS

New and Old Operas to Be Given in Eng-
lish at the Metropolitan.
Special Cable Despatch lo THE SUN.

Paris, May 28.—After spending a
fortnight here Signor Gatti-Casazza and
Herr Andreas Dippel of the Metropoli-
tan Opera House, New York, have drawn
up a general programme and settled
engagements with most of their artists.

Several operas will be produced in
English next season. Those first given
will be new -works. If they succeed
Wagner's operas will be performed in
English, as was done in London recently.

Among the operas to be given in Eng-
lish are “The Cricket on the Hearth,”
by Karl Goldmark, the Hungarian com-
poser, whose “Queen of Sheba” was given
in New York yeara ago by Anton Seidl:
“The Pipe of Desire,” by Mr. Converse of
Boston, and “The King’s Children,” by
Humperdinck, in which Geraldine Farrar
will sing the principal part. In addition
to these all the Wagner operas, including
“Parsifal,” will be given as usual, and also
the more familiar Italian operas, both
classic and modern.

There will also be performed for the
first time in New York “Le Donne Curi-
ose,” which is a musical] edition of one
of Goldoni's playa by Wolf Ferrayi, and
Tschaikowsky's “La Dame de Pique,” both
in Italian.

The Metropolitan management has
arranged to give performances of light
opera, chiefly in French, at the New
Theatre, in which Miss Farrar and other
famous artists will appear. For the
foregoing peformances and for the thea-
tres which the Metropolitan controls
in Brooklyn, Baltimore and Philadelphia
besides a two weeks season in Beston
an extraqydinurily long list of singéra
has been engaged.

The roster reaches a total of more than
sixty voices, including Miss Farrar and
Mesdames Frances Alda, Emmy Destinn,
Olive Fremsted, Selma Kurz, Lillian Nor-
dica and Flahaut and Signori Caruso,
Bonci, Edmond Clement, Burrian, Scotti,
Rossi, Hinckley and Witherspoon and the
Russian basso Didur.

The salary list for the season will
amount to about $2.000,000. Caruso will
continue to receive §2,000 nightly and oye
or two others will receive from $1,250
to @1,750 nightly, Herr Dippel has now
gone to Berlin and Signor Gatti-Casazza
to Milan.

YOUNGSTERS GO BURGLING
With Empty Revolvers in a Big Store and
Find It Doesn't Pay.

* The police wires hummed' with orders
and there was much excitement early
yesterday morning when it was thought
that two burglars were trapped on the
seventh floor of the Siegel-Cooper store
in Sixth avenue. The burglars were
there ‘and were trapped. One of them

was 10 and the other 12 years old.

Louis Menschel of 208 Forsyth street
and Louis Levenson of 50 Stanton street
went to the store just before closing time
on Saturday and hid themselves behind
nome piles of rugs on. the fifth floor.

At ‘4:15 o'clock yesterday morning
Michael McCoy, night watchman, was
making his round of the seventh floor.
He heard footsteps.

“Halt! Who goes there?” he said.

There was no answer, Mike heard
more footsteps. He notified Police Head-
quarters by telephone and policemen
were sent around from the West Twen-
tieth street station. A carload went to
the seventh floor in an elevator. Every
one of them had revolvers and night-
sticks ready for action.

To repeated commands to stand out no
one answered and then the police began
a systematic search. After perhaps a
half hour's hunt Policeman Coogan un-
earthed the two boys from beneath a pile
of white goods. Both had empty revol-
vers and each had possessed himself of
four twenty-five cent penknives.

“We understood there was lots of money
in burglary,” was Menschel's explanation.

The boys were sent to the Children’s
society to be dealt with to-day in the
children’s court.

STATEMENTS BY THE THAWS.

Harry K. and His Mother Deny the
Charges tn Hartridge’s Amdavit.

POUGHKEEPSIE, May 23.—Harry K.

Thaw and his mother bath gave out state-

 

|SAID “PLEASE HOLD MY BABY.” By night the ice had closed about them, | ments to-night in answer to the statement

by C. W. Hartridge published this morn-
ing in connection with the latter's suit
against the Thaws. Mrs. Thaw's state-
ment follows:

While sorry for the state of mind that
inspired it {| read the extraordinary af-
Odavit and statement of Mr Hartridge with

no small satisfaction. They show the
groundiessness of his claim. & never
asked him to “hush” anything He admits

what | knew before— that he wrote threat.

Mr. senmple

It is news to me that t asked him to keep
my son ont of Matteawan. That question
was not raised from the time | met Mr,

and the trial half over, at Mr. Jerome's
instigation, M. Cc. Tuiw

harry K. Thaw said in his statement:

 

POLICEMAN THOUGHT EMMA
GOLDMAN WENT,TOO FAR.

 

Called the Reserves and Tarned the Audi-
ence Out—Something Like a Riot
While People in the Street Waited for
the Lecturer te Come and Try Again.

Emma Goldman, who has been deliver-
ing a series of lectures for the last three
Sundays at Lexington Hall, 10? East 116th
street, one of them on “The True Signifi-
cance of Anarchism,” was stopped yester-
day by the police when she attempted to
lecture on the modern drama as a dis-
seminator of radical thought, and for a
few minutes things were pretty exciting
until the hall was cleared.

When Miss Goldman took the platform
at1i o'clock in the forenoon she an-
nounced her subject to the 100 persons
present and sailed in in a way that dis-
pleased Detective Rafsky of the District
Attorney’s office, who stepped up to the
platform and said:

“Now you will have to confine your
remarks to your subject or I shall not
permit you to goon. We don't want any
dissertations on radical thought as you
people see it.”

Miss Goldman was more reserved for

a time, but pretty soon she had the censor
after her again and finally Rafsky jumped
up on the platform, and shaking his finger
at her he said:

“I have warned you three times to stick
to your subject and since you don’t see
fit to obey the law this meeting can't go
on. I shall clear the hall.”

When Rafsky raised his hand some of
the people in the audience thought he was
about to strike Miss Goldman and there
was arush for the platformin which sev-
eral chairs were smashed. Rafsky slipped
out to the street and blew his whistle.
A uniformed policeman came and then a
call was sent in to the East 124th street
station for the reserves.

Fifteen men under Sergt. Allen were
hustled down in a patro) wagon, but in
the meantime Emma Goldman had de-
parted. The police cleared the hal).

When Miss Goldman left she told some
of her followers that she would return at
2 o'clock in the afternoon to deliver her
lecture. The police got wind of it and at
that hour Sergt. Adams with a equad of
fifteen men was on hand to see that the
| meeting did not take place. There were

fully a thousand people out in the street,
some of them clamoring to get into the
hall, but the police kept them out. Po-
liceman Bonderaux was keeping the crowd
from the door when Rebecca Edelson, a
teacher, 21 years old, of 210 East Thir-
teenth street, grabbed him by the arms,
while Leopold Bergman of 9 Walker street,
struck him inthe face. The police then
oleared the street by force. Rebecca
Edelson and Bergman were arrested for
interfering with an officer. Miss Gold-
man é6tayed away.

It is supposed that the proceedings of
the police were based on the old section
of the Penal Code permitting the dis-
persal of an unlawful assembly and not
on the newer section which makes a felon
of every person voluntarily participating
in a meeting at which the forcible over-
i throw of organized government is advo-

cated. At least no arrests were made at
the meeting, and Emma Goldman is to
address the Sunrise Club at the Café
Boulevard to-night. Several pereons who
were at yesterday's meeting came to
THE Sun office to complain that the police
| had unlawfully stopped it, and two of
them agreed on the following statement
of the case:

“This morning Emma Goldman was
about to deliver a lecture in Lexington
| Hall on ‘The Modern Drama, the Strong-
est Disseminator of Radical Thought.’
| Miss Goldman had rented the hall and had
!a contract for jt. Just as she was about
to begin 6 ing four police officers
| notified the hall keeper that if Miss Gold-
man was allowed to speak he, his wife
and children would be arrested. The hall
keeper replied that Miss Goldman had a
contract for the hall and therefore he
| was powerless to do anything. There-
upon the police said to the frightened
hall keeper that he and his family must
come to the station.

“Then the hall keeper did notify Miss
Goldman that she must not speak.
detective and three uniformed policemen
walked up to the platform, telling Mise
Goldman that the hall keeper does not
want her to lecture. At the same time
the policemen ordered the audience to
leave the hall. Miss Goldman replied that
the hall was hers and she would speak,
especially since the audience insisted on
jher speaking by remaining in the hall.
| The detective and police left the hall and
| all was quiet fgra few minutes. Suddenly

|

 

 

|Hartridge until Mr. Delmas was in charge |, squad of a dozen policemen rushed into

1

| the hall and brutally turned the audience
out into the street.

“Most of the people present were Amer- |

 

1909.—copuright, 1909,fby the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

TREASON PREVENTED LAUNCH.

Anti-Patriot Conspiracy tn the Brest
Dockyard—@ectalist Challenge.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Panis, May 23.—The failure yesterday
to launch the battleship Danton at Brest
is now ascribed to sabotage. The arsenal
there is noted for the strong socialistic
and anarchistic spirit prevailing among
the employees. A local socialistic organ
published at midday yesterday said:

“The Danton, destined to strew death
broadcast, is to be launched this after-
noon unless the proletariat refuses to
lend itself to the performance. Will the
Danton leave its stocks? We shall know
about 5 o'clock.”

Before the attempt at launching the
secretary of the local labor exchange was
found on board the warship and was ex-
pelled by the police. The workmen ooccu-
pied with the preparatiois for the launoh-
ing sang the “Internationale” and the
“Hymn to Anarchy” as they worked.

TO USE MT. MORRIS FIRE BELL,

Old Signal in the Park Will Again Mark
the Time of Day.

The old fire bell in Mount Morris Park,
which for a number of years has been
silent, up in the old tower on the cliff will
be rung again in a few days after the re-
pairs which are being made on it are ao-
complished. The bell in the early days of
Harlem was rung by a man who was
stationed up in the wooden observation
tower.

After the electric signalling of fire came
in the old bell was still used to mark the
time of day. After it was stopped the
residents complained to Park Commis-
sioner Smith, who finally agreed that the
bell should again be rung.

SECRETARY DICKINSON BACK.

His Liiness Disappeared After He Left the
Trepical Climate.

WASHINGTON, May 23.—Secretary of
War Dickinson returned to Washington
this afternoon on the United States yacht
Mayfigwer from his trip of inspection
to Panama. Mr. Dickinson became se-
riously ill while in the tropics and was so
weak when he reached Havana that he
didn’t go ashore there, but cut short his
visit and came back to Washington,
running away from the tropical climate,
which did not agree with him. He ar-
rived here feeling well again and expects
to be in his offtce to-morrow.

Mr. Dickinson is very enthusiastic
about the canal work and has returned
a thorough believer in the practicability
of what the American army engineers
are doing.

NEW POMPEIIAN VILLA

Found by Speculative Restauratear—Gov-
ernment Stops the Work.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.

Roms, May 23.~A restaurant
at Pompeli obtained permission recently
to exoavate on a plot of land adjacent to
the lately discovered tombs. The work,
which was apparently undertaken as a

| speculation, was carried out under the
customary official surveillance.

It revealed a large villa in several
rooms of which were excellently preserved
frescoes. The authorities have stopped
the excavating and are trying to hide the
discovery.

It is anticipated that the villa contains
furniture and statuary which might be
stolen or smuggled out of the country.

SUNDAY WORKERS NABBED,

But Court Refuses to Hold Jew Carpen-
ters and Painters.

Some one telephoned to the East Fifty-
first street station at 8 o'clock yesterday
|morning saying that if Sunday was to
| be a day of rest at Coney Island it ought
;to be such in Manhattan also but that
| the noise made by workmen at 1071 Sec-
'ond avenue made sleep impossible in the
| neighborhood. ’
Policeman Nickess was sent to inves-
| tigate. He found six carpenters and
| painters at work and arrested them.
| When they were arraigned before Mag-
|istrate Herrman in the Yorkville police
| court on a‘charge of violating the Sunday
\law Assemblyman Spielberg appeared for
them.

“Mayor McClellan says work of neoces-
sity or charity is allowable on Sundays,”
{said the lawyer. “These men are ortho-

dox Jews and do not work on Saturday.

| They are poor men and the job is a char-
lity to them. It is necessary for them
to work on Sunday to make enough to
support their families.”

The Magistrate discharged the men.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

|

| A SWIM ON IMPULSE.

| Sesnopese of a Launch Go Overboard
! When the Gasolene Catches Fire.
Edward A. Harpog and his son Fer-
| dinand, who live at the Hotel Normandie,
| Broadway and Thirty-eighth street, had
{an early season swim in the Hudson
yesterday afternoon while a large crowd

 

|

The efidavit published by CW. Hart-licang, in whose blood the love of freedom | on Riverside Drive looked on.

ridge is composed of falsehoods from be-
inning to end Were there any truth in
it | should bave bim distarred, bit there
is no truthin it. He neverspent $116.00) nor
$1,000 nor $190 in bush money

As he
pretends, He asked for arbitration in let-
ing his reqneste hy obvions threats

\s his insinuations were false and there
yas nothipe due him we refused to arbi-
trate Instead my mother’s counrel de-

alleged $70,000 spent; He does not want to
give usa list because he cannot
Ry publishing this affidavit he proves
that bis claims are false and that he cannot
account for spending $70,000 for me in any
e

Any newspaper man in New York can tell
you that Hartridge’s pretence of having
suppressed anvthing is humbug. A person

‘dike Hartridge could not close one eyelash

of the thousand eved press, All Hartridge
does is to repeal vaguely some fabrications,
then pretend he snent money to keen this
froin the hnowledge of the District At-

torney or the newspapers ae
H. K. Taw

—

 

HIDING PRISONER CAUGHT,

Guards tn Ohio Penitentiary Surround
Him While Eating Lanch.
CotumBus, Ohio, May 28.--Harvey

| Johnson, the negro who cuesppeared on

Wednosday night and who had n hiding
since in shops and sewers of the Ohio
Venitentiary, was surrounded by ¢

at 2 o'clock this no reee and caught
while eating a guards lunch. When
three shots were heard in the inner yard
fifteen guards were rished to the scene

‘in the expectation that Jobnson would Ske pL

make a bold fight font a * ature

A

lof speech and assembly had been bred.
‘It was probably their first experience
| with such arbitrariness.”

PANAMA POLITICAL ARRESTS,

 

j ters to mv nother and others, .acconi pany- Colomblans Hostile to Reyes and Tripart-

ite Treaty Sent Into Exile.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE Sun.
NAMA, May 28.—Considerable sensa-
has been created here by the arrest,
| which was entirely unexpected, of several

Mr. Harpog and his son had been out
jall morning with Mrs. Harpog in their
launch Libbie. They landed at 2 o'clock
at the float at the foot of 123d street and
Mrs. went down town.

While Mr. Harpog and his son with two
helpers were cleaning up the engine some

lene got into the feed pipe and caught

re from the wiring. The flame ran into
the gasolene tank. ; g and the
other men in the boat didn't wait to see
the result, but plunged overboard and
awam toa nearby boat. The fire burned

 

 

 

 

{Colombian residents who were exiled |iteelf out in the gas tank and caused no
iby President Reyes from Bogota some explosion, because the tank had been

| months ago for political reasons.
the men taken into custody were Santiago
Rozo, B. Hernandez and Obando, lawyers,
Gen. Acosta and Sanchez Santamaria.

 

Among | 0Ppened.

The tank was destroyed.
NIGHT COLLEGE COURSES.

 

No charge has been made public against City College Will Begin Them tn October

them, but the general inference is that

|they were arrested because of their

| strongly denounced in the newspaper

Cosm.s, availing themselves of the
liberty of the press guaranteed by Article
°7 of the Panama Constitution.

Hernandez, Obando and Santamaria
| were banished to Chile, for which country
they left this evening on the steamer
| Mexico. Hundreds _ of sympathisin
‘friends accompanied them to the hast
and remained until the steamer aailed.
Santiago Rozo and Gen. Acosta will leave
on Wednesday for New York.

SPECIAL TRAIN TO PRINCETON
Account pagiponed ar are Piieceten bane.
m ‘onday, > ennsylv
Reliree * Leave ork’ 1:68 P.M. Newal

 

 

ewark
uroing 25 minutes after game.
~ Ade.

/

—Registrations Begin To-day.
Evening ‘courses are to be begun this

political opposition to President Reyes | fall at the College of the City of New York.
land to the tripartite treaty, which they | The first registrations for these courses |

will take place this evening and to-morrow
at Townsend Harris Hall, 138th street
'and Amsterdam avenue, and the total
| number of students for the first year has
‘been limited to 250. The aim in estab-
lishing such courses, according to Presi-
| dent John H, Finley, is to make the fullest
and most economical use of 'the colle
and to extend its advantages as a public
| institution. Acoording to the announce-
| ment only the freshman courses will be
| onwred “of fires bee Peau cor AGmiensS
ng a high school diploma or the equiva-
lent. There will be courses in chem-
istry, mathematics, English, French,
German, Greek, Latin, public speaking,
‘ peychology and logic, mechanical draw-
ng, economics and government. The
' courses begin on October 4,

 

 

 

Monpay, Mary 24, 1900.
Fair and slightly warmer to-day and to-mor-
row; light to moderate variable winds.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

GEORGIA R. R, TIED UP TIGHT

NOT A WHEEL TURNING ON
ITS 500 MILES OF TRACK.

\

Engineers Rcfem to Taie Gut Trains

With Nesre Fireme>—Peapie Along

Line Dras Negrees From Enzines--

Geverner [Lcfuses to C211 Out Treops.

ATuaxta, May 22.—Over ibe 500 miles
of the Georgia Railrosi, inctading main
line and branches, not a trzim has moved
since ¢ o'clock hast night as the result
of the strike of whites firemen against
the employment of negroes :
The tieup become complete when
Assistant Grand Chief Burgos of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
declared last night that it was unsafe for
engineers to take trains out with negro
firemen and ordered them to refuse to
Go out. “>
This is not a strike of engineers, Burgess
says, but is simply forcing the roed.to
protect brotherhood men as it is bound
to do by its contract. This action of the
engineers stopped every wheel on the

 

 

 

Georgia Railroad. Preceding the tieup |

the negro firemen were being dragged
from engines and mobbed at every town
along the line of the road.

The striking white firemen have com-
mitted no violence. The mobbing of
pDegroes and stopping of trains have been
done by citizens along the line who object
to white men being supplanted by negroea,
Thriving towns like Greensboro, Covitige
ton, Athens, Warrenton and other places
have received no mail all day and have
also suffered many inconveniences
come from the irregular running of
trains: but the citizens are not complain,
ing, as they are determined to prevent
the employment of negroes in place of
white men. vier

Telegraphic reports say that certalfi
kinds of food are running short in some
towns, but the people say they will man-
age to get along. 6.

Automobiles are being used extensively
along the line of the road by people who
want to make short trips and the ownefs
of the machimes are reaping a harvest.

The Rev. Dr. S. R. Beek of Atlanta, who
had an engagement to preach the com-
menoement sermon to-day at the college
at Covington, forty miles from Atlanta,
had to use an automobile to keep the en-
gagement.

General Manager Scott of the Georgia
Railroad has asked Gov. Hoke Smith to
order out troops, but the Governor will
not do it. Gov. Smith says the State
has not enough troops to patro! 500 miles
of railroad, While troops might keep
order at one place trouble would break
out soméwhere else, as it is really a fight
of the people against the road. Gov.
th sent Attorney-General Hart
the Georgie to investigate and as a
of Hart's report Gov. Smith will recom-
mend that the rnad and the strikers salect
three Georgians and allow them to ar-
bitrate the matter.

It is reported that a party of strike
breakers from the North reached here
to-day, but General Manager Scott says
no attempt will be made to operate
trains until protection is given. It is
said Soott has left for Louisville to confer
with President Milton Smith of the Louis-
ville and Nashville, which has the Georgia
road leased. —

WASHINOTON, May 23.—The strike situa-
tion on the Georgia Railroad has assumed
serious proportions and the mediation
board provided by the Federal arbitra-
tion act, better known as the Erdman
act, is preparing to step in and endeavor
to settle the difficulty between the strikers

and the officials of the road.

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   

Chairman Martin A. Knapp of the
Interstate Commerce Commission, senior
member of the mediation board, has re-
ceived a telegram from General Manager
Thomas K. Scott of the Georgia Railroad
asking the intervention of the board and
saying that the action of the strikers is
seriously interfering with interstate
traffic over the railroad and also inter-
rupting the movement of United States
mails. The nature of the difference be-
tween the employees and the railroad is
not given by General Manager Soott, but
it is known to have arisen on account of
the employment of negro firemen. Tiw
striking firemen and others will be ad-
vised by the mediation board of the
plication of the general manager and w
be invited to present their side of the
controversy.

The action of General Manager Soott fn
asking the intervention of Federal au-
thority in this particular case may have
interesting developments. There is likely
to be some speculation as to whether, if
the prime cause of the strike is the em-
ployment of negro firemen, the board will
take the position that this constitutes a
just cause for a strike. The Erdman act
gives jurisdiction to the mediation board
in “a controversy concerning wages, hours
of labor or conditions of employment®
between an interstate carrier and ita
employees “seriously interrupting or
threatening to interrupt the business of
said carrier.” : “ie

It is expected that the mediation board
will give hearings to General M
Scott and other officials of the road and
representatives of the eniployees on Mon-
day or Tuesday. :

AT 13 MANS SHIP'S WIRELESS.

The Nueces Picks a Bother Of the Coast
and Makes Him Useful.

Wircless operators near Tampa, Fla.,
have been pestered recently by an ama-
teur with his fifty foot pole who has been
intercepting their messages and getting
in the road generally. On her last trip
down the Mallory liner Nueces got into
difficulty when Frank Hollman, the wire-
less operator, became ill. Officers of the
boat looked over Tampa for a man to take
his place. Nobody was found. Then it
| was suggested that inaybe the lad who
|

 

 

had been cutting In with his amateur
outfit might be pressed into service for
; the northern trip. A wireless call wae
jsent out for him, and sure enough he

| would £°;

The lad is Raymond Caldwell, 15 years
old, a high school student. He was one
\of the firat boys in the South to dabble
| with wireless. An officer of the Nueces
attempted to coach him in his duties, but
young Caldwell seemed to know more
about it than his teacher. He knew

where to tap in to catch certain atations
! and he could always be found in his cabin.
| Saymcnn got . little or Fgh aut he stuc
to his t. ermanent jo been
| offered Rim. .

, ve