-_

VOL.

Serre eee eee eee

BOAT POLICY {No

 

LODGE WARNS

Says Acquiescence in Sink-
ing Armed Vessels Makes
U.S. German Ally.

WILSON'S FOREIGN

 

!

POLICY 18 ASSALLED| &

 

Senator Sterling Accuses)
President of Hesitating |
While World Wonders,

 

Waswrxeton, Feb. 18.—Bitter criti-;
esi) of the foreign policy of the Wilson |
Aduinistration, with special reference |
tos attitude in the pending negotiations |
with Germany, was voiced in the Senate |
today by Lodge of Massachusetts and |
Sterling South Dakota in vigorous |
speeches in support of the Sterling reso- |
jution, which opposes acquiescence by |
the United States in the notifications of |
the Central Powers of their right to|
fre on armed merchantmen,

Senator Stone of Missouri, chairman |
of the Foreign Relations Committee, as |
spokesman of the Administration, fol- |
jowed Messrs. Lodge and Sterling, de-!

aring that the question of arming mer: |

intinen was at least debatable, He |
announce! that early next week he would
nake more extended reply to Sena-
tors Lodge and Sterling, and respond
+) the attack made on the foreign policy |
of the Administration by ex-Senator |
Koo. !

Taking up the notice of the Germanic |
Towers that they would exercise the|

right of firing on armed merchantmen,
charged the Adminis: |

of

senator Sterling
tration “with delaying and hesitating, |
while the world Was wondering what,

course would be pursued.”

Facing Grave (rials. {

|
He declared that acquiescence in the |
German position “involved consequences |
fore serious than any that have yet)
disturbed ys, grave as some of them)
nave heeas’ He insisted that it was)
fo remote inference that the present at- |
titude of the German Admiralty “was
encouraged, if not invited by the memo- |
tanda of the State Department to the
allied nations.”

Senator Sterling made an. extended
argument in support of the right of
merchantmen to arm for defensive pure |
poses.

“The vice in the suggestion of the|
State Department,’ remarked Senator
Sterling, “lies in this, that because the
dead!y submarine is not 6trong on de-
fence you must therefore make the mer-
Chant ships absolutely helpless against
the submarine.”

Senator Lodge said that abandonment
by the United States at this time of the
Principle that merchantmen may arm for |
detenve would be an unneutral act and |
Q step toward war. He insisted that
acceptance by this country of Germany's
Proposals would make the United States

'

‘ve ally of the belligerent whose mer-
cClant marine had been swept from the
G4,

\s late as the President's note of
May 1 1915, signed by Mr. Bryan,”
Senator Lodge said, “this Government
recognized that American citizens were
e'hin their undisputed rights in taking
their ships and in travelling wherever |
ter leguimate business calls them
Upon the high seas.

Should Keep Up Practice. {

“Such has been the practice of all |
Hations in regard to the armed mer- |
chantmen, It seems ineredible that

this postion should be in any way ai-!
tered now, or that our Government |
Should be ready to surrender the ques-
toned rights of Americans to travel or
ep goody on a belligerent merchant- |
Mah, subject to all the rules which have |
been established by the courts and by
all international authorities for at least |
twenty centuries.” |

Senator Lodge's remarks had been |
carefully prepared and were spoken with
Great deliberation. They were closely
followed by Senators on both sides of
the chamber

 

  

Ser Lodge in opening expressed
Surpris the report that the State
Department was about to reverse the
Paditional policy of the United States |

in regard to armed merchantmen. He |
Siowed that the practice of arming mer- |
Chant vessels dated back to the Middle |

Ages, when vessels plying upon. the
Mediterranean were armed, It was made |
compulsory in |

Lingland in the seven-
teerith century, |
"Under the conditions there grew up
on 4 matter of course a body of law |
defining the character of the armed
Merchantman,” said Mr. Lodge. “The
Dractice of arming merchantmen went
on with fluctuations and was so gen-
erally recognized that in 1815 Chief
Justice Marshall sald in a case to which
! shall refer later and more fully: ‘In
point of fact, it is belleved that a bel-

‘gerent merchant vessel rarely sails
\Wnarmed.’"’

History of the Practice.

Continuing his review of the history
the practice Senator Lodge said:
I have briefly described the condi-
tins, because in the centuries during
Which they existed they gave rise to a
body of international laws, in which the
rules affecting the status of the armed

of

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

| Senget ships.

 

Sas ee

 

Also How Will U.

 

|BERNSTORFF SUGGESTS MEMO TO BERLIN|

 

Wasutnoton, Feb, 18.--Count von
Bernstorff has outlined to the Berlin
Government what he believes should
the German reply to the United
States on the latest turn in the Lusi-
tania case, in connection with the
Teutonic decree to sink armed mer-
chantmen,

The Ambassador's suggestions are:

 

That the Berlin Foreign Office in-
struct him to tell Mr. Lansing that
in the first Lusitania note, of May 13,
oniy unarmed ships were referred to
with respect to assurances of Ger-
many's future conduct of her sub-
marine war.

That the memorandum from Ber-
lin should inquire of the United
States how it proposes to distinguish
between ships armed for defence
and those armed for offence

That Germany offer proofs that
the British Admiralty secretiy or-
dered merchant ship captains to fire
Q& submarines on sight,

Bnemy freighters, the reply should
state, afe under explicit: instruc.
tion to attack submarines, so the
American contentions ae even more
difficult to consider.

That the United States be urged
to advise Americans not to travel on
armed merchant ships.

|
|

If the United States t« able a
'

obtain solemn assurances from all the
Allies that their passenger
though armed, will = not

submarines that warn them to halt
and would only use the guns if
the submarines continue firing after the |
orders to halt are obeyed, then Germany
might consider a modification of its new |
decree directing submarines to fire with. |
out warning on all armed enemy |

Vessels,
fire on |

 

In the meantime Germany
might consider a postponement of the
operution of its new declaration for a
period of one mowith. |

There is every indication that |
the developments of the last few
days will make the == s'tuation more

tense in Germany. This, it is gontended,
is certain to be the case if the German
people, whether justly or unjustly, get
the impression that Ue United States
has changed front after having obtained
Germany's concessions on the Lusitania

oe

Tn connection with the order to sink
submarines, it was learned to-night,)

FARRAR AND CARUSO

INA WAR OF WORDS VIOLINIST $60,000

 

Prima Donna and Tenor Clash
Off Stage Over Scene in
“Carmen.”

 

A solar plexus wallop delivered hy
Carmen to Don Jose just as the Don wag
uttering one of his renowned high notes
during the performance of “Carmen” at
the Metropolitan Opera House on Thurs-
day evening resulted ina wordy wrangle |
between Mies Farrar and Mr, Caruso)
behind the scenes after the performance,
according to news which became known
yesterday, and was the topic of lively
gossip in the theatre district last night.

At any rate, the wallop is said to be at
least one of the incidents which led to
a verbal passage of arms between Mr.
Caruso and Miss Farrar in the wings,
It was just after the scene in the gypsy
camp when Mr. Caruso as Don Jose
throws Carmen to the ground and at-
tempts to throttle her, In this case, it is
said, Carmen retused to be throttled and
punched Don Jose as he essuged a high

note. The two singers met after the act
as they were proceeding to their dressing
rooms.

“This is supposed to be an opera)

house and not a moving picture studio,” |
Mr. Caruso remarked to the prima
donna as he passed.

“Well,’ Miss Farrar is reported to
have retorted, “if you don't like my
Carmen that's not my fault, Mr, Gatti
can get another Carmen if he likes.”

“On the contrary, my dear Mrs. Telle-
gen,” the tenor ‘s said to have replied,
“Mr, Gatti can get another Don Jose.”

Members of the company who had
overheard this conversation and wished
to prevent a repetition of the scene just
enacted before the footlights, decided
that it was about time for them to in-
terfere. They made their presence
known by discreet coughs and the two)
principals, after glaring at each other
for a moment, passed on, ‘ |

Mr. Caruso is sald to have unburdened
himself of some of his feelings to his
bosom friends after the show, In
stronger language than he used to the)
prima donna, but his exact words could
not be learned.

FRANCIS FOR MARYE'S POST. |

 

 

merchantmen were probably better de- | Ressten Ambassadorehip Offered
fined by the general usage and the St. Lowla Man, Is Report.
asent of nations than in almost any w ron, Feb. i8ienIt was re
Dartinent t e J ABHING' ’ . eum °
sbartinen of international jurispru Wal hore tonniaht that David R. Fran-

“It was established by practice and by
Universal assent that @ merchantman
armed only for defence did not thereby
lose her character, the character as a
merchantman, and that when war ex-
isted the armed merchantmen, both of
the belligerent and the neutral, retained
ail the privileges and rights which be-
longed to the merchantman when en-
trely unarmed,

‘I shall not, however, enter upon a
Renerai survey of the codes or the opin-
ene and practices of other nations in
his respect. 1 shall content myself with
giving 4» briefly as I can the course and
the position of the United States upon
this very {mportant matter, There was
Never any doubt as to the broad rule
that @ merchantman armed for defence
Bio not lone her character as @ peacef

¢ or,

“The only point to be determined was
Continued on Third Page.

 

cls of St. Louis, Secretary of the Interior
in Cleveland's Cabinet and former Gov-
ernor of Missouri, has heen offered the
post of Ambassador to Russia to succeed
George T. Marye.

Francis has not replied, accorjing
to the report, but President Wilson is
said to have urged him to accept. Marye
has advised the State Department that
his resignation has been malled from:

Pet:
HOUSTON SELECTED, IS REPORT.

Washington Hears President Has
Picked Him for War Pont,

Wasurtnaron, Feb. 18.—It was re-,

to-night that President Wilson |

haa decided to appoint secretary of
culture Houston us Secretary

f
‘ar. The report was without ‘oficial
confirmation.

 

 

 

Assurances Asked for

ASTEPTOWAR, | Armed Ships, Berlin to Say THREA

S. Distinguish Between Defence and
Offence Guns—British Captains Ordered to Sink
All German Submarines.

lernment

| fided to him that he would soon be able

| in comfort,

 

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19,

a a a ee

~ HARDEN VOICES NEW
T AGAINST US.

 

Noted Writer Says Germany
Ts Ready for Another Cam-
paign of “Frightfulness.”

t

WARNING

FOR ALLIES

 

 

CAUCASUS DEFEAT Colonel Will
AROUT, RUSSIA SAYS,

Petrograd Official Statement
Asserts Turkish Army Was
Cut to Pieces,

FORTS ARE FULL OF DEAD

 

 

 

T. R. WORKING FOR 1920 IS A THEORY | i

| Now or Never Is Time to Make! Fleeing Regiments Annihi-
| . i '
Count von Rernstorff has forwarded; Peace, Declares Editor of | lated or Captured by the
to his Government « copy of the ‘ ee
following entry contained in the log of | “Ankunft. Muscovites,
the British steamsiip Appam, which was ‘ ae
captured by the German raider Moewe nae en
wma Roads by a Lospon, Feb. 18.=-The London Times: Special Cable Deapatch to Taw Svs.

The following additional confiden- publishes a transiation of part of an ar- wnbos, Meebo oa : the Turkish army
tial instructions have been issued by |ticl) > Maximilian Harden in lis which defended Erzerum is) in wild |
the Admiralty: “Any = submarine | workts paper Hie Zukunft. The German flight in various directions, with the |
aay We heRIaa a ‘eathie, ft dene jpublicist warns the Allie, parliculariy| Russians het on their heels, mowing
the merchantman should first attempt | Great Britain, tha: if they ,efure ‘o> dis. down any troops that turn for restst-
to escape. Tf it cannot escape it must | cuss peace terms now Germany will be) ance and capturing the remainder.
een Cm ce” Any es compelled to carry on the war in future! The booty taken with the fall of the

ectiv °
maracas guns.” Me with ‘every pr ble means at her dis-) great Armenian fortress is cae ae

This entry, the German Government | posal’ and that “no Stars and Stripes) The Turks left their entire heavy or
has been advised, was dated prior to} will protect a ship in the war zone.” tillery behind. Thus far the ae
the issuance of the latest secret in- Ix f mn ¢ . ; “~ counted 200 heavy guns “ne

j ‘ Six months ago, Harden argues, Ger bave ALE 2 )
structions of the British Admiralty, a! ; sterre severe shows Grand |
dey of Wiidi, tales Pim the draft | many ciight have been content with deterred by a severe aiieche torm |
obtained’ by German agents, is being | Holding what she had conquered and Duke Nicholas’s troops continue in the
Pit ie Abd : Boel States by Am-! maintaining a defensive position. The onrush :
iA ado e ie has 1 t . '
appendices . the erlin as one of the} o.vtoe that now compels her to resume goog has begun in the costa

German submarine

declaration, and continue the offensive, he explains, is

Moewe Fired On. ling out every feature of our system,

Count von Hernstorff has forwarded to| military and economic.” At present, be
Berlin a detailed account given by Lieut, | asserts, Germany is not suffering want,
Berg, commander of the German prize! but ‘the danger of real want may creep
crew in charge of the Appam, of what | upon us if we let ft He continues
took place when the Moewe came up “A third harvest would more dif-
with the Appam and the Clan McTav- | ficult than the second, It would ve diffi-
ish. In the case of the Appam, this ac-! cult to make good our supplies, not of

be

count sets forth, the British captain of men, but of importam raw imaterigis, and |
our expenditure of money would increase |

that vessel first gave orders to his men
to fire on the Moewe, but quickly coun-
termanded the order when he saw that
the Moewe had a bigger and more for-
midable armament.

immoderately,

 

In the case of the Clan MeTav ' }
however, the account hate ‘eae a Man trade should be expelled. Dare we
Vessel opened fire on the Moewe the mo- | ¥4' No} ee ae
ment she was warned to stop and in | Harden warns the Allies that ere ig
consequence was blown up with the loss | still a short space of time in which Gere
of nearly all those on board. many might come to terms.” and at

By way of conclusion the Ambassador her enemies night without loss of Honor
is understood to have advised his Gov. | Still make a decent and enduring peace.”
to reply to the United States} “A little disarmament, a little

by strongly urging that Americans be | National socialism and a proposal to pool
|

advised not to travel on armed merchant | War expenses,” Harden saves, are -sug-
vessels, just as the subjects of Sweden | kested as having to be included in the
have been. peace terms, “If these proposals are,

While there is a feeling in some off{- | refused." he declares, “Germany will
cial quarters that the American Govern- | have paid the last debt she owed the

ment may yet find it expedient to give | worla and humanity and can proceed to
such warning to Americans, there is no} be more frightful than ever with com-
evidence at present in that direction. ; plete indifference to the views of
On the contrary, the bureau of informa. | trals, especiully the United States.
tion of the State Department, following! “If ahere must be death we will de-
the customary rule of advising American | termine the hour, If a dispute with the
diplomats and Consuls abroad of po-
sitions taken by the State Department be

|} any respectable fonmula there need

from time to time in development ot} he splitting. of hairs.” Otherwise, how-;
the American foreign policy, has for- | ever, he asserts, Germany, “not tired, not
| warded to these representatives 2 sum- | afriad,” will have to “wound Great Brit-

— ain’s heart with submarines and air-

 

craft.”

|PARIS HEARS OF NEW

5 | GERMAN PEACE OFFER

| Parts Hears Kateer In Willing to
Cede Part

Continued on Second Page.

 

 

———~

 

RADIUM LURE GOST

 

of Lorraine.

Web. 18 — There ts
belleve that Giertnany has made new
peace proposals to the Entente allies
The report is that Germany has declared
its willlneness to reestablish gener

T’aris, reason to

 

Gaitz-Hoeky  Vietimized
Swindler With Worthless

by

 

 

the status before the war, to cede part!
of Lorrdine to France and guaiantee
Mining Stock. autonomy for Alsace

It is understood that the proposals
| were accompanied with Clie threat that
| Germany would again attempt to crush
Publicity given to fake gambling | France if the terins were refused. It is
houses and “sick engineers’ in mining| probable that these proposals were re-

| \
schemes did not prevent Gregor A. Gaita-| Jected by the Allies - 1
| There ia a general feeling Europe
Hocky, a violinist at the Plaza Hotel, | that Germany desires peace. Messages
| from dropping $50,000 in return for 25,-| fram Switzerland say every one in that
000 shares of worthless mining stock,| neutral State is convinced that this
and he sat a dejected man in Judge) feeling is justified. wits infiitary ex-

perts believe there is grave dissension in
the German General Staff as to what
course the Central Powers should pur-
sue. Troops have been transferred froin
one front to another quite aimlessiv aud
have been made for ate
tacks that never were delivered, all giv-
jog indication of restless confusion. The
war will be decided, according to Swiss

Rosalsky's part of General Sessions yes-
terday when half a dozen men were!
arraigned for sentence in the hope that
he might see the man who had so easily; p-eparations
induced him to part with his life savings. j

The violinist has spent many sleepless

  

nights and travelled several thousand gyinion, on the French and Russian
miles since he met in a brokerage office) fronts, not elgewhere.
in West Forty-fourth street late in De- Three possible courses confront the

Katser's etafY, The older and inore cau-
tious element favors the adoption of a
pure defensive, holding fast the present
ines and defying the Entente allies to
dislodge the defenders

cember a dapper young man who said
his name was Harry Clifton, He told
|

him about the stock of the Consvulidated

 

7 . ' The younger,
Radium Mining Company that was on mors feckieas clement is eave
the market at $2 a share and confided) everything on a great offensive on the
that he knew a man in Philadelphia who) western front. Even the advocates of
would buy the entire block of 25,000) this course realize that sueh an effort
shares for $3.60 a share. ‘would bring an unparalleled orgy oof

Right here the violinist became inter-) bloodshed, but they argue that if sue-
ested. He had played the market and) cessful it probably would end the war
he still held title to some stock, He suld) Between these two extremes is a third
this and then he went to the savings. element which favors taking the offen-

bank and withdrew all of his money, On
his way out he met his old friend Fritz!

Kreisler, the violin virtuoso, and con-| INTELLECT BEST AT 32 FAH.

Success Depends on Climate, Says
Dr, Auatin O'Malley,

PHILADELPHIA, Feb, 18.--Climate gov-
erns and determines the success, assimi-
la@tion and progress of our fowter children,
| and Americanization that loaves out
this vital and controlling factor in our
national melting pot is without avail,
according to a paper read here to-night
by Dr. Austin O'Malley. The physician
also declared that no white man could
succeed below South Carolina, and that
The following day| parallels of latitude were the natural

sive against Russia.

 

to lay away his violin and bow and live

to be,

Krelsler warned Gaitz-Hocky
careful and the interview ended. The}
victim did not have enough money by
7,000 to buy the 25,000 shares of stock, |
so he negotiated a loan of $7,000 with
the Union Trust Company. Then Clifton
and Gaitz-Hocky went over to Philadel-:
phia to meet Thomas Kenney, or Brad-'
ley, us he was also called, who would
buy all of the stock.

The pair stayed over night there and,
in the evening aitended a performance
of “The Bubble.”

it wax arranged that the stock should be! lines of demarcation between success and |
expressed to the home office in Denver | failure for the races that come to the!

to be properly transferred and then pe | United States to be adopted as citizeny,
deal would be consummated. After a Dr, O'Malley firat detined climate in

few days the bundle of stock was re-) its sclentifie terms and then traced
turned as not having been called for and | atep by step ite influence, good or
that was the last the complainant saw] deleterious, on the mass of the people
of the men in the case. He had parted! and the racial elements that make up!

with his money and had a bundle of | gyr nation.

worthless paper. | He was specific in his application of
After looking the Thompson-Giroux | ciimate to the individual, and said that

band ore ena ae = =| mental activity was best at a tempera-

0) 0

of the men he had seen had swindled | SUP Of 96 Segrees BhOVe Bere.

him. He did learn that Kenney or!

Bradley was a notorious mining swin- |

dler, Deiemives are looking for him. |
Thompson, who pleaded guilty to}

stealing $65,000 from Henry Gallant, a Moveury

St. Louis pawnbroker, was sent to Sing Sti® Wind Blown,

Ning yesterday for five years. He has! The national weather. prophets revised

been convicted three times, Louis Welss, | their forecast of yesterday morning, in

who shared well in the acheme, got two | which they suspected that a snowstorm

years and Jumea Morris, 70 years old,| was impending, and last night an-

was let off with a suspended sentence. | nounced that this day would be fair,

George Pohiman and Bam Giroux went | «with a cold wave.”

to the penitentiary, where they may be phe heralded frigidity had set in at

kept for three sears. 10 o'clock last night, when the tempera-

 

COLD WAVE HERE TO-DAY.

Takes a Quick ivall an

 

 

. ture, which had been up at 43 nbout
wfomipa CAROLINA BELONTS, five hours earlier, dropped to 30, It
fose feaboard Air Line ‘Ry. she Bene: may go down to 25 or less before dawn |
bay to-day.
, ®

‘principally the danger of the Allies “spy. |

'

“After three years of blockade others
would occupy those places in the inarkets |
from which it seems impossible that Gere |

inter- |

neu- |

| United States can be covered over with,

region, where Russian warships are co-

(operating west of Trebizond, the next

Russian objective.

Forts Kall of Tarkish Dead.

Yue War Offiee
issued (to-day, says

The compleceness of the defeat sus-
tuined by the Turks and the terrible
losses they sulfered in the Erzerurm
fighting are becoming more and more
clear
' Me forts in the fortress itself and
in the surrounding country are full ef
Turkish dead,

The remnants of toe ‘Turkish anny
chas@d by our troops are fleeing in dis-
order in different directions, A severe
snows orm failed to eool the
ardor of our men in pursuit, who are
close on the heels of the enemy and
are annihilating them or taking
prisoners at the tail ends of Turkish
columns

We captured at Erzerum the entire
fortress artillery and a large part of
the Turkish field artillery Up co the
present we have counted 200° guns.
We have taken a huge quantity of ar-
tilery ammunition and arms, several
dozen motor cars, Wireless apparatus
and 4 pontoon park.

The troops of the Caucasus army
have suffered but slight losses and
ure ready for freah exPioits.

A semi-official statement issued in
| Petrograd adds the following informa-
tion:

“The exact number of Turkish troops
captured at
the greater part of the earrison
AWuy, as the fortress was not invested
but was carried by assault The num-
ber of guns captured reaches 1,000,
he elty’s defensive works were or-
ganized by the German commander, Pos-
selt, and are spoken of as admirable and
einbodying all the resources of mod-
and eiexineering

“The latest advices indicate that the
heavy Turkish reenforcements which had

communication, as

nas

got

 

  

 

  

been hastening to the aid of kerzerum
failed to arrive in ti

“Hefore the evacuation Kurds mercl-
lessly massacred thousands of Armen-
| ians.”’

Violent Battle Raging.

A violent -battle is raging west of
Lirzerum, aecording to a Budapest des-
pateh Atiother report to-day was that
Baiburt, the ancient city on the road
from Lrzeruin to Trebizond, had been

captured by the Russians

  

 

Erzerum is not known, but!

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Cold wave to-day; fair to-morrow and
warmer.
Highest temperature yesterday, 43; lowest, 30.

Detailed weather, madl and marine repor@ on page
Wa

  

Root, Announces Barnes HE MENTIONED

 

Or Any Other Man Nominated in Chicago, He Adds—'

Perkins Emphatic in Prediction That Steagn
Roller Scores of 1912 Must Be Paid.

 

 

TWo predictions were offered yester-
day as to Col. Theodore Roosevelt's
Probable attitude toward the Republican
national convention's selection for Hresi-
dent.

One, presented by the man who is
Popularly supposed to know less about
Col. Roosevelt's, intentions than any!
other human being—William Barnes— |,
was that the Colonel will support Elihu
Root or any other nominee of the con-'
vention.

The other, put forward by the man
who is popularly supposed to have a
key to the Colonel's imental processes—
George W. Verkins—was that no inan
who had a hand Ip depriving Col, Roose-
velt of the Republican Presidential
nomination in 1912 has a ghost of aj
chance of Progressive support.

Politicians were simply amazed at the,
contradiction involved in these analyses
of a troubled situation. Of all the
political news growing out of or follow-

, ing after the Republican State conven- |

tion the collision of the Barnes view
with the Perkins view proved to be the
most startling.

No nore authoritative statement could
be desired than that which presented the
optimistic theories of Mr, Barnes as "e-

Kards the Colonel's forthcoming atti-
tude and postponed ambition, The
Statement is offered in this connection
tat the Colonel actually sent Gen.
lfonard Wood and Robert T. Lincoln
to Mr. Root with a definite promise of |
support Certain interesting details as

to this missionary excursion are omitted,
such as the year or month in which
Gen. Wood and Mr, Lincoln went from!
Col. Roosevelt to Mr, Root, and what Mr,
Root said about the offer,

Support for Chicago Nominee.

The statement as to Mr. Barnes's be-!
liefs says also that Col, Roosevelt sent
personal representatives tuo other pro-
spective candidates——-Mr. MeCall — of
Massachusetts, Mr. Burton of Ohio, Mr
Knox of Pennsylvania were mentioned— |
and gave to every one an assurance of

Roosevelt backing in the event that
any one of them was named at Chie)
cago.

But Mr. Barnes's estimate of the
Rooseveltian plan swings wider even
than is indicated by the above. He,
thinks that Col, Roosevelt would not}
j;only support any candidate named atl

Chicago, but would come out to-day for)
that candidate if it were possible to!
identify him That's the only trouble

Nobody can even make @ guess at pres- |
eut. Otherwise, according to the Barnes |
opinion, the Colonel would be tn line}
with the rank and file of the old party

|

  

  

 

Mr. Barnes examines the logic of the
situation and arrives at the conclusion |
that a party split in the campaign of |
1918 is as utterly illogical a“ party |
split in the campaign of 1% Was ute}
teriy logical, He finds that there can
be no issue this year over “social jus-
tice,” and that Col. Roosevelt tnust in-|

ENGLAND NOW CALLING!

The Russians, a ding to Petrograd
advices, are pushing on toward the
Pontine Mountalns, This would = indl-
eate that the main Russian force is}
bent upon pushing its drive northwest-
;ward, with Trebizond as the goal. Bai-
burt is forty miles, Trebizond 125 miles,
|from lraerum. The defenders of Erze-

rum fled to the west

While the generat strategy of the Cau-

casus operations is directed by Grand
Duke Nicholas, the actual operations
agaiust Erazerum were led by his right

hand man, Gen, Yudenitch, who has been
in command in the fighting in that thea-
tre for more than a year. Much praise
is also given in Petroxrad to the Grand
Duke's Chief of Staff, Gen, Januschke-
viteh.

}to join in urging their customers to off

The Athens correspondent of the Daily!

Mail telegraphs:
“Information has been received from
diplomatic circles in’ Petrograd to the
effect that the Russians attacking Erze-
rum advanced with the bayonet) and
Inoke the Turkish centre, which con-
sisted of about 700,000 men. They took
5,000 prisoners
“The Russians have alse gained a suc-
cess near the Persian border,”
The same paper's Petrograd
spondent says +
“It possible

corre-

; that the decision
‘evacuate Erzerum was taken by the
Turks several days ago, he bulk of
the garrison left and the remaining rear

is

to

‘guard was comparatively sinall, Never-
theless, the Russian task was terribly
dittieult Gen Yudenitch’s strategy

would have been even more brilliant if
he had forced the garrison to retire un-
der the pressure of dispositions too
strong to be resisted As it was, he
drove it out by hard fighting.”

Military observers agree that the fall
of the Asiatic stronghold is bound te
!have a tremendous military and moral
effect in the East, Above all, it will
compel the Turks to revise their entire
campaign in Asia, particularly in Persla
and Mesopotamia.

The Morning Post's Petrosrad corvre-
jepondent describes the capture of lLrze-
rum as “the first stage of the Russinn
march to Constantinople, which
{ likely to be effectively opposed any where
eustward of Sivas.” ,

The strategic value of the capture of
irzeruin, according to this correspondent,
lies in the fact that the Turco-German
armies must concentrate in Asia
to safeguard Constantinople

Effect tn Balkans,

The moral effect of the Russian vie-
tory is already becoming evident in the
tWo Balkan kingdoms = still
Greece and Rumania, The latter coun-
try is expected to be particularly im-
pressed by the feat of the Caar's, Cau-
eausus army, Which is bound to go ? long
| way toward discrediting the pro-German
propaganda’s keynote that the Allies,
and especlilly Russia, “are benten,”’

Bucharest despatehes to-day state that
Rumanian official circles friendly to the
Mitente expect a concentration of Rus-

FOR AMERICAN SHARES

 

Holders Urged to sell or De-
posit on Loan—Purehase
Rumor Is Denied.

 

Apecial Cable Despates to Tur Sts

Lonpon, Feb. 18 The offtelal press |
bureau announced to-day that Regina d)
MeKenna, Chancellor of the Exchequer, |

ii the ban

has written letters invitir

   

 

 

 

thelr American securities to the east

   
 

; from

evitably accept the choice of the Re-
publican national convention.

It is the Barnes opinion, indeed, that
the Colonel ts gravely embarrassed over
the too impetuous championship of his

, Massachusetts partisans, Representative

Gardner, Mr. Bird and others, and that
the Colonel would certainly check their
precipitate activities if he were here to
do so. It is Mr. Barnes's opinion that
the Colonel has his eye on 1920, not on
1916, and that he realizes that he must

  

| offer a renewal of loyalty and support

to the Republican party and candidate

in 1916 if he is to get the nomination fn)

1¥20. Therefore the Colonel will sup-
port any candidate this year in order
to be himself in line four years hence.

Mr. Barnes jis not disabused of the
idea that the Colonel will not scout and
scheme for a nomination for himself
this year; not at all. But he feels that
the Colonel realizes the hopelessness of
@ personal candidacy and realizes the

| value of resuming Republican allegiance
, and regularity.

Against all this ts the significant part
of a signed statement which was issued
yesterday by George W. Perkins, na-
tional chairman of the Progressive

party, financial backer of the party and |
Col. Roosevelt's particular political con. |

fidant. Here is what Mr. Perkius said:

“I am a Progressive because certain
nen in tne Republican party drifted far
away from the ideals of the party and
refused to keep abreast of the times.
3 firmly beNeve that hundreds of thou-
sands of men in the rank and file of the
Republican party stand for the same
things that hundreds of thousands of
Progressives stand for, and that these
things are vitally necessary to the pres-
ent and future welfare of the country.
I believe their achievement has been
impossible thus far because a few men

jin control of the Republican party ma-

ehinery in certain States are more in-
terested in their own political fortunes
than they are in the welfare of the
nation as a whole.

“The attitude assumed by the Repub-

| ican State convention in New York this

week is very disappointing and makes
the outlook for satisfactory results from

j the two conventions that are to meet in

Chicago in June less favorable than be-
fore. We
said in our Chicago statement—every
single word of {t—and if the big, broad,
patriotic thing is not done at Chicago
the blame will not rest upon our shou
ders. Tt will rest upon the shoulders of
the same men who caused disruption in
1912."

Old Injuries Not Forgotten.

Mr. Perkins did not care to elaborate ,
his views and predictions within quota- !

tion marks any further than the forego-
ing statement, but it is well understood
that personally and with the support of

 

the Colonel he holds that no man who
helped give momentum to the steam
roller that went over the Roosevelt dele-
Kates ip the Republican national con-
venti of 19l2 can ever be elected |
President--need ever expect anything
hut the flereest opposition from the

Colonel and every man whe follows tie
Colonel It quite probable that Mr.

Continued on Fourth Page

CONFIRM REPORT HEIR
OF SULTAN WAS SLAIN

_———

is

Travellers From Constanti-
nople Say Enver Pasha Is

Blamed for Assassination.

 

Special Cable Deapatch to Tae Sus
LoNnvON heb a
Athes

Despatches from

s quote neutral travellers arriving

Constantinople a8 confirming the

2 reports that Prince Yussouf lazedin, heir

apparent to the

Ottoman

i ‘ throne, was
ury for sale or deposit on joan whether | aidane ms : .

‘ mn dat the instigatior ) Inve
or not they are included in the Treas. | ; id . gation of Enver
ury’s purchase lists | Pasha and his supporters,

An early opportunity will be give: The travellers say the assassine se.zed
‘for depositing securities for voans, the} the Prince in the corridor of the palace
hich ¢ huve been pub- : :
ilened SE RHLEN MIROABY “have “Desh: HN ghia he’ wan sxOing to his bath and that
ishec :
; Sit ; there was #4 tremendous struggle, as
Despatches to the eet that JOP More | Dbrutees on the Prince's body showed
gan went to London for the purpose of | Marks on his throat suggested that he

Is un-|

Minor |

neutral, ,

|

sian troops on the Bessarabian frontier |

jin March to enable Rumania to transfer
i troops to the Bulgarian frontier, where

 

Continued om Third Page.

taking over the British Government's
entire holdings of American securities at
a price 10 yer cent below the ruling |
price on the New York Stock Maxchange
are said to be absolutely without foun-
dation. A member of J.P Morgan &
Co. issued the following | statement
“There is no truth in the report) that !
there is a plan being considered to take

over in bulk a large portion of the vari- |
ous American securities that are being |
mobilized in London.” |

London despatches yesterday von:

Mr. Morgan had

tained the report that
warned Chancellor MeKenna against
dumping more thin half a billion do-
lars worth of American securities, as
apparentls contemplated in the British
plan, on the American market,

It was pointed out by British
celal men that Wall Street had
gorged with American securities
abroud ever since the beginning
war and that, although further
tities could be absorbed within
they could not be ssimilated
volume at the present time

Importers of U. S, Filme Wonta|
Invent in Britiah Ronda,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus

Lonpos, Keb. 1S.-- ‘The jnporters
Ameriean moving pieture films have |
cabled to their principals suggesting that |
all amounts received here, minus ex. |
penses, be invested in Kxchequer bonds
or the war loan, vad confided to the |
Bank of England until sia months after |
the end of the war. |

They argue that this plan would over-
come the difficulty of an unfavorable ex-,
change and would keep British capital
here.

finan

heen

of the
muah: |
reason
in great)
\
|

  
 

ory

Jalil for Passport Krauds,

LONDON, Feb. 18.-—Joachim  Alians
was convicted to-day of conspiracy in
connection with passpert) frauds whieh
have enabled many aliens to leave Eng
land and sentenced fou year's ‘miprison
ment. James Pallas, chief clerk of one
of the Home Offlee denartment wae
aided him, Was sentenced te three years
penal servitude.

e

|

{him to bleed

from | is

Was half strangled before he was over-

come When he was unconscious, ac-
jeording to these stories, the assassins
fopened a vein in his arm and allowed

to death

Athens correspondent of the Daily
Mail says the body was sent secretly
the same diay Lule Burgas, where
Enver Pasha had gone a few hours pre-
viously, and liter was brought back to
Constantinople,

The

to

REDMOND PLEADS FOR MEN.

trish Leader Calls on His Country-

men to Enlist,

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

Progressives meant what we,

“OBLIGATIONS”

Tells Why He Defended
Stevens Contract in Talk
With G. M. Lane.

| sonia

-

WAY PAVED FOR BIG
| QUESTIONS TO-DAY

To Hinge on the Mavim:
“Prices and Quality Before

| Friendship Begins.”
7

TOLD NO ONE WHEN
' WE WENT TO MORGAN

Interborongh Head Defines
} oo 'Stush Fund’ Before
| Committee,

 

of the
Company,
Thonpe

Theodore BP. Shonts
Interhorough Ramid Tranestt
testifying yesterday before
son legislative committer, forth the
basis of the explanation he is to make
lt when he is questioned with respect to his
alleged statement that he favored the
Stevens contract third triehi @ and
extending the eleve “wuse
the commission which Mr. Wwe
to receive would Mr to
satisfy certain obligations and meet cere
commitments which he had made
with the dual system con

president

the

set

 

for

   

ed railrouds be

 

Stevens

enable Shonts
tain
in connection
tracts,

By the same token, Bainbridge Colby,
counsel to the committee, laid the foume
dation for a Mr
| Shonts that is calculated to clear up once
; and for all just what there was to the
situation in the Interborough's bourd of
| directors that led Mr. Shonts to favor
the Stevens contract, that led him to
| give up a trip to Europe, that led direc-
‘tors to seek the counsel of J. P. Morgan,
}and that finally resulted in the giving
and

cross-examination of

   

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

up of the proposed contract the
elimination of two of the directors who
had opposed it

Shonts'’s Favorite Matin.

Aside from the phrase “comm mente
‘and obligations,” appearing int om
orandum preserved by George W ;
} which was used by Mr. Shontes yeste
it appears likely that Mr. Shenis ot ta
j vorite maxim, “Prices and atmel
, be equal before friendship beg we
jibe the point upon whieh the whe drift
of the Thompson committer vestigas
tion will turn Mr. Shouts aneted bles
Maxim yesterday morning i descr binge
a meeting of his | of dures re ¢
which he got the impress vthit Andrew
reedmianh Wiis aecenttr the note of
‘friendship to the detriment of priees and
quality It Was ree ed ai tlt 6
Po Morgan testitied before the ce ‘
tee lust Getober that Mr Sion i
used the expression When desert x to
him «a meeting of the board of dir re
on June 24, 101:

In the jockeying for position thie went
on throughout | cay Let wee Mr,
Shoents and Mr tolby it wae es deat
also that the Liwyer Was making prepa.
rations for the bigs questions to be dee
rected to-day, or perhaps an Mendis te
ward clear up the truth or falsitv af
the memoranduin of Mr Young Vhviet
Memorandum mentions Mr Shonts. Ate
Freedman aid Mr. Stevens as ber the
Persons Whoo Were tot fe recerve Gy
denetit from the commission which
Was proposed to ailow Mi Stevens for
superint ne the third treching ane
extens of the elevated ratlroads Mr.
Colby, by the introduction of letter nd
by his questions, sought vesterday to
establish the timaes of the friet hop
that eristed between Mr Sint. at Mr
Freedman and the close busine relue
tionships of Mr. Shontseand Mio Stevens

Private Talk With Cane.
{ When the session was over the ome
mittee had added te tis record the it
ment of Mr. Shonts that ¢iard M
Lane, a former directo wo Tate bar.
ough, now cead, bid ¢ rosea The Blevepa
contract at the meetir f dune 24, 1048
and that he tool Mr. Line tito lis
vate office rd eliseussed the matter with
him tieorge W. Young, testifying be.
fore the uimnittee on February 2 Inst
produced memoranduin of that June
meeting, Which, he says, he submitted
to Mr. Lane and which Mr. Lane ev
dentiv approved Mr. Youns'’s meno
frandum of what happened ended woth
| this statement

Following the theeting
Shouts had taken him aside and stated

Mr. laws

special

wanted din,

 

 

 

    

 

    
  

 

 

 

that he mw, lou
Sperial Cable Despatch to Tun Svs, derstand the reason for ent ta
Lonpos, Keb. 1s.—John B. Redmond; Such oa contract with) Mr. Stevens
ssued a manifesto to-day appealing to thar neither himself, nor Mr. Stevens,
young Irishmen to keep the Trish regi- | tur Mr Preeedmiain wis to receive ay
ments at full strength benetit yo this contraet, but that in
“Ror the first thime in histor Mr, , connection with the securing of the
Redmond says in the manifesto, “we contrac whieh lad heen closed he.
have a huge Trish army in the field tween the city of Greater New York
We have kept our word, fultitied our and the Tuterborough, Mi Shonts hid
trust, definitely accepted our positions  feund neceasiry (0 make certain
and have undertaken the obligations of | commitments and ineur certain on
4 oself-governed untt among the na- | #ations, and that it wies bya of
lrlons whieh make up the empire, One the Stevens coutraet that he expected
more duty is to be fulfiled: we have) 10 meet and pay these commitinen!
to maintain: the Trish army oat the and obligations
front. We must not and will not toler. "T defended Stevens.” said My Shoots,
ate t dea of our Trish regiments geseribing lus private talk with M ! ©
being snforerd by any but Irish sole) apres jal meeting referred to dy
diers Ireland must maintain the Trish othe memorandum aus out honest a
vegiments until vietory is won honorable gent wel Lo oteld ims ft
“Onur Kallant countrymen oat the knew that M would neo
front have commissioned me to make rangement mot honorable ted
this appeal They appeal through ime and the profession le representes
to farmers, laborers, artisans, to every and that so far as | owe ti
class of our people, not to desert than. ad but ove rule, aud ot wi !
| promised them that) Treland would eyers obligation or commattone nite
stand by them Will you fulfil the) which Po estered was on the tb = that
promise” FOl up the reserve battal GQUATEY Must be equal hePore
dons Your brothers ino the trenches begun and that this was the
not oonls are upholding the honor of whdety this strapeestiony of rerpive
Trelind efore the world; they are! ving Mr. Steve: made
defending Treland itself from ruin, de- ors,’
stro ction, mir saeritice, eonfiseation "War that all vou said te Mr Lane?
of the lands of Teel farmer and the asked Mr. Colby,
wreeking oof the property and pros. "That was the substance of it pe
pei ts of every class of our popula. plied Mr, Shonts,
tion |

Members of the Thompson committee