—————_——_—_ ———————=—$—$—$—_$_—_=—=_—=—======= a aac renin agg manaeeeedeg rename inocegemenn gieeeeenanaatenay nee oapeapaeens
you. LXVIL—NO, 351 NEW YORK, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900,-COPYR
I seca wr = ge a = = = = — EE a 7

HILL FOUGHT AND

SPRANG A SURPRISE ON CROKER AT
SARATOGA YESTERDAY.

 

 

Looked Uke Harmony When Hill Himself
Moved to Have the Stato Convention tn
Saratoga Sept. 11—Trouble Came Like «a
Thunderclap When Danforth Moved te
Name McGuire for Temporary Chairman
_pitter Titags Said on Both Sides—Grady
Did Croker’s Talking~Vete 26 to 23 and
One Excused-Coler Boom Haid Bit.

Saratows, Aug. 16.~The anti-Hill combine
» Democratic State Committee, led by the

San. Richard Croker, Tammany’s chieftain,
was triul jphant again to-day, This is its fifth
qictory tn the committee since it was organ-
ized at the Hoffman House in New York city
fi June.

The question did not come up op the time
and place for the Demoeratio Btute Conven-
tion, which ts to nominate & full State ticket
from Governor down. Mr. Croker had deter-
mined that the convention should be held in
Saratogs on Sept, 11. Mr, Hill attempted to
put up 4 fight for Albany in response to the
wishes of some of bis friends, but, as already
pruited in THe SCN, he soon understood the
futility of bis efforts and abandoned them at
midnight. The Hon, Anthony N. Brady of
Albany was especially interested in bringing
honor to bis home city, but he was con-
vinced that his labors had been in vein, and he
returned to New York eity early this morning.

The triumph of the anti-Alll combine to-day
was the defeat of an attempt to r-me Mayor
James K. McGuire of Syracuse, chairman of
the Executive Committee of the Democratic
State Committee, at this time, nearly @ month
before the assembling of the Democratic State
Convention, as temporary chairman of the
convention. The scheme was engineered by
Mr. Hull, Mayor McGuire was the first Demo-
crat in the State to precipitate Comptroller
Coler's boom for Governor. This performance
came immediately after Mr. Sill and Mr, Mo-
Guire bad conferred at the Hoffman House,
and forty-eight hours later came the coy an-
nouncement from Mr. Coler himself that he
would not refuse the nomination for Governor
i{it came to him. The next step was the covert
attack of Mr. Coler upon influential Democrats
who are opposed to his nomination.

Mr. Croker and Mr. Murphy and Mr, Me-
Laughlin'’s lieutenants were taken by surprise
in the committee to-day when the MeGulre
matter was sprung, but they quickly recovered
and gathered about them their allies and by
@ vote of 26 to 29 the Hill coup was defeated,
one committeeman not voting. 7

The story of the day should begin with the
meeting of the Executive Committee of the
Democratio State Committee in the ballroom
of the Grand Union Hotel at 11 o'clock this
morning. Mayor McGuire presided. Facing
him,among others, were Mr.Croker, Mr. Murphy,
Mr. Hill and ex-Senator John McCarty, repre-
senting Mr. McLaughlin. Mr. McGuire, as
chairman of the committee, gave an account
of his stewardship. Mr. MoGutre described
his school-district plan of campaign. This is
an old idea It was first essayed by the great
Samuel Jones Tilden in 1876. Mr. McGuire went
ou to gtve a felicitous report of his doings in
other directions, especially as to the
work of disseminating campaign literature
concerning the bugaboo of imperialiam, and
naturally Mr. MoGuire told his soctalistic and
anarc/ istic notions, that “the masses should
be arrayed against the classes,” or in other
words this is “a campaign of the rich against
the poor,” and all that sort of twaddle. One of
Mr. McGuire's strong cards, he said to the
Erecutive Committee, was that he had re-
ceived reports to the effect that 80 per cent
of the independent Republicans in the State
were to vote for Bryan and free silver at @
ratio of 16 to 1, “because of their antagonism
to tmperiallsm and militarism.” Those who
heard this statement smiled when they recalled
that after months of work and planning only
4 handful of anti-imperialists have been core
ralled for their great meeting in Indianapolis.

Mr. Hill spoke and then Mr. Croker, and
each flung a bouquet or two at Mr. McGuire.
Still Tammany’s chieftain has not announced,
either publicly or privately, just how much
substantial support he is to give Mr. MoGuire
during the campaign. Mr. MoGuire, it is
known, is very anxious over this feature of
the campaign, but Mr. Croker says never a
word. Mr. MoGuire has not rug things at
State headquarters in the St. James building
quite to suit many influential Democrats. The
dribbling funds he has collected and those that
have been turned in to him, it is asserted, have
all been deposited in Syracuse banks, and in
other ways Mr. MoGuire has seemed to think it
becessary to tie up his pockets every time he
enters New York city.

The Executive Committee adjourned and then
came the meeting of the full Democratic State
Committee, which was also held in the ball-
roomof the hotel. Chairman Frank Campbell
of Bath presided, and beside him was John A.
Mason of New York, who was secretary in the
absence of Charles N. Bulger of Oswego.

The rollcall showed the following committee-
men and proxies to be present: District 1, Perry
Belmont; 2, John P. Madden, P. T. Cronin,
Proxy, 3, Hugh MeLaugilin, John McCarty,
Proxy: 4, John W. Webber: 5, William A. Doyle;
6 Jamex Shevlin; 7, P. H. MoCarren; 8, Anthony
4. Burwer; 0, Edward Glinnen; 10, Patrick Div-
ver; 11, Timothy D, Sullivan; 12, John T. Oakley;
13, Jaznes W. Boyle; 14, Charles F. Murphy; 15,
John ¥. Carroll, Richard Croker, proxy: 16, John
J. Scannell; 17, Daniel F. McMahon; 18, Thomas
4. Dunn, 19, Lawrence Delmour, Thomas F.
Grady, proxy, 20, John Whalen; 21, Louis F, Haf-
fen: 22, J. J. Beaudrias; 28, Arthur A. McLean;
4, Clarence A. Rundall: 25q4 John E. Kraft;
24, Elliot Danforth: 27, Ilenry V. Borst; 28, Rob
= lianulton, David B. Hill, proxy: 29, Patrick
~ McCabe: 99, Francis J. Molloy, Edward
Murphy, dr, proxy; 31, Jeremiah T. Finch; 32,
Thomas J. Whitney, Charles MeSouth, proxy;
83, Clinton Beckwith, F. P. Demarest, proxy:
4, James H. Flanuigan, John D. McMahon,
Proxy, 85, John N. Carlisie; 36, Eugene Hughes;
Si, Charies N. Bulger, J. R. O. Gorman, proxy:
58, Coaries F. O'Brien; 39, M. P. Conway; 40
J Franklin Barnes; 41, Frank Campbell; 4,
Jobo Flunnigan; 43, Edwin T. Hiekey, H. D.
Brewster, proxy; 44, Jacob Gerling, William F.

Heeban, proxy; 45, George W. Batten; 46. J. E.
pean 47, John J. Kennedy; 48, William

‘mon, Simuel J. Ramsperger, proxy; 40, Hiram
H. Savage; 60, Thomas Ll. Dowd.

The last name on the roll had scarcely passed
the lips of Mr. Mason before Mr. Aill was on
his feet with a resolution to the effect that the
Democratic State Convention be held in Sara-
toga on Sept. 11. This was adopted unani-
_ Some of the committee who were
fonversant with the efforts of Mr. fill and his
Tends to switch from Saratoga to Albany

Were tic)
Hy * lickled at his easy advocacy of Saratoga
‘Ss desire to be the first to name Saratoga
Peulted in a general grin.
Then cay

laid toe e the fight of the day. It has been
te a dozen years that Mr. Bill was a quit-
a at he would lead a fight up to a certain

age and then flunk, leaving his friends high
Sud dry upon the limb of despair to be shot at

fection ae “d by their politicd and
i - _ idversarien, while he seurried
This ‘ the storm he had created
# . or intended to be a criticism of Mr
o “is only A statement of a situation

peated

. i by Mr. Hill's close political
‘6s and allies. As a matter of fact, the

 

 

 

|
|

a
sae
Fe

 

LOST. TO USB PORTABLE " scHOOLHOU SES.

 

Bosten te Try a New Scheme in Districts
Overcrowded With Population.
Boston, Aug. 16—Ten experimental port-
able wooden schoolhouses are to be set up in
different parts of the congested districts of
Boston, following the example eet by St. Louis.
Last year all the children could not be provided
for in the schoolhouses, and chapels and stores
were hired for their accommodation. The
ten portable buildings will accommodate 600
extra pupils, but it is thought that it will still
Laer ee to some stores. b ~
are be ain storied and identical in
Stead cat's bet wo a asp
x t

feet 10 i one clear. The
composed of twelve sections, the side walls
twenty ceotions and the roof six sections. us

s are
, or it

the structure be packed away when taken
down into anal 8 ;

The outside wall as to be boarded and
cov with ship's «ding and the Interior
sheathed. The city in previous years bas
erected temporary buildings, but never portable
structures and 9s consequence these tempo-
rary buildings hare eon sold ataloss for want
of storage room, when the exigency for their
use {mn the partioular p where set up passed
away,

 

MAYOR ASHBRIDOR HOME.

Goes to His House and Telephones the News
of iis Arrival te the Clty Hall,

Parnapeienta, Aug. 16.—Mayor Samuel
H. Ashbridge arrived home to-day. Accord.
ing to his desire no one was at the Rroad street
station to meet him, and he passed through
the raliroad station almost unrecognized.
At the foot of the stairs leading down from
the main waiting room, he and his party turned
to the Fifteenth street cab stand and took
carriages for the Mayor's residence at 1736
North Park avenue. As soon as he reached
home the Mayor called up his secretary J
eempioe Moore, and Director of Public Safety
. to tell them, of his arrival.

Attle could be learned from Mr. Moore,
e said, however, that the Mayor had arrived
ome safely and in good health and would
épend the next few days resting from his
ney and return to work ght and fresh on
penny morning. Even this was only gleaned
from the reticent secretary when he saw that
knowledge was practically public that the
ayor had return from his Western trip.
be rumor was quietly passed from mou
to mouth until it wee all over the city fiall
spread to the politicians w make
their headquarters in the Bets Building and
thereabouts.

BIG SHIPS TRY NEW CHANNEL.

 

our-

 

 

The Twin-Sgrew Barbarossa Gves to Sea by
Way of Buttermilk Channel.

Several steamships of the North German
Lioyd Line, since the Hoboken fire, have been
docking in Brooklyn There was an impres-
sion at first that the big ships would have
trouble in reaching and salling away from the
pler at the foot of Congress eireet. By actua
experience the line has found that there is lots
of room perpendicularly all along the lower

water front of Brooklyn
For the first time since Buttermilk Channel

was deepened a t twin-serew ship, the
barossa, has

grea

ted | capacity. he

Bararasas draws “Shoct thirty eet when
ee! Brook

ply laden. She sailed from her lyn
pler at 10 o'clock yesterday mor ’

under the guidance of her pilot, went through
uttermilk Channel as af it were the deep sea.
The Kaiser Wilhelm IL, which arrived from

Mediterranean ports yesterday, navigated But-
milk to her pier. Thus, it is t, that
ttermilk is a highway of the frat class for

ocean craft of hea t draught.

 

GOVERNOR OPENED THE FAIR
And Made a Little Speeck in Spite ef His Sore
Throat.

OvsTer Bay, L. L, Aug. 16.—Gov. Roosevelt
opened the annual fair of 8t. Dominick's Roman
Catholic church here this evening. The Governor
was driven from his home to the Tryek House,
where the fair is being held, in a carriage with
Father Powers, the rector of the local parish,
Father York and Father Belford. Upon ar-

ri they were greeted with the cheers of a
ble t ang © bead payed Hall to the
Chief.” e Governor made a short speech,
thus disregarding advice given him some
time ago not to do any & hmaking this
month. He toue u ocal matters aud
spoke of the ¢ services rendered by the
resent rectur and the one who was previously
ncharge. He «aid that he was one of the first
contributors to the church when it was built
four years ago, Former State Senator Townsend

. Cock followed the Governor. Aboutdo'clock
the Governor returned home.

 

DIVED INTO SHALLOW WATER.
Holbreoke Mane Badly lajared in Maine—Son
of the Rev. ©. H,. Mann.

Ornanor, Aug. 16 — Word was received in this
city to-day that Holbrooke Mann, the youngest
son of the Rev. Charies H. Mann of this eity,
was badly injured by diving into too shallow
water at Bailey Island, Me.,on Aug. 7. The
Manns have asummer cottage at Bailey Island,
and young Mann and a number of his com-

woe knowing bow
sha'low the water was he dived goatdendy off
the float and struck squarely ont »p of his
ead. He wasremoved to the Portland Hos-
pital, where it was found that two of the youn
mac 6 ve! tbr were broken. He was operat
e injured 1 ortions of the spina! col-
umn removed. Young Mann is about 15 years
old. He is completeiy paralyzed from the
waist up. and .be surgeons at the Poruand
pital consider his ractically hopeless.
he Orange residence of the Manns is at 155
William street,

a
BRANDRETH SISTERS DROWNED

Ion Wales—Daughters of Harry Brandreth, Who
Has «a Country Home There.

Sina Sina, Aug. 16—Virginia and Eugenia
Brandreth, reported drowned in Wales, were
the daughters of Harry Brandreth, who is the
European manager of the Brandreth Brothers’
business He has a large country home in
Wales where he has lived for the last twenty-
five years, Virginia was in her twenty-second
year and Eugenia was two years her senior.
Both of the young women wore bo in Wales,
but they had frequently visited this country.
They spent much time ip sailing boats, The
only. word received in this country of their
death was a ceblegram which came to Will am
Brandreth of Sing Sing from his brother, Harry
Brandreth, which simply said that they had

been drowned. 3
“1 know none of the particulars,” said Mr.
Brandreth, “and do not expect to until I get a

pa:ions were bathi

upon andt

 

letter from my brother.
a@ mystery to me.

GIRL DROWNED AT NIAGARA.

Grace Richards of Brooklyn Sinks While
Swimmiag After a Lost Oar.

NraGara Faris, N. Y., Aug. 16.—Miss Grace

Richards of Brooklyn was drowned in Niagara |

River, above the falls, to-night. She, her
sister and her mother, Mrs Frank Richards,

were guests of Mrs. Bloomer of Buffalo at the |

country home of William Spaulding. Miss
Richards and Frank Bloomer were out in a

rowboat, intending to bathe An oar fell
into the river Young eocgner leaped from
the boat to get it and Richards also

jumped into the river. The water was com-
paratively shallow, but she was seized with
cramps and sank with a scream. Blooner
caught her but her weight was too much sor
him to support, and the current carried her
down stream. Miss Richards was about 16
years old. Efforts will be to recover
the body before it goes over the falls.

GRASPED A LIVE WIRE.

Another Werkman Falls From a Pote and Is
Killed tn Brooklyn.

Edward Hogan, an employee of the Edison
Flectric Tight Company, was sent out last
night to repair a leak in the wires on Fourth
avenue, Brooklyn, that had caused all the lights
on that circuit to go out. While at the top of
a thirty-eight-foot e at Fourth avenue fre
Sixty-seventh street | owan took hold of a live
wire. The shock made him lose his balance,
and he fell to the pavement. is skull was
fractured, and he died in ten minutes.

Along the Blee Jantats
the Pennsyivanisa

 

|

The drowning is still |
| that sufficient body of the forces composing

spn RPO akg Tr

i

 

| to them cabled you Aug. 12

 
 
 

RMS

‘ki

=

at ae .
ale i 318

 

MUST GIVE UP MINISTERS, | sti on ction eeor, you and te ote

 

AMERICAN ANSWER TO A PLEA FROM
LI HUNG CHANG.

Chaffee’s Orders Modified Soe That He May
Receive Imperilied Americans’ at Pekin's
Gate-Meoting of the President and Cabi-
net—Correspendence With Chinese Repre-
sentatives Made Public — Peace or War
Already Determined at China's Capital.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.-The United States
Government has consented to have the foreign |
Ministers and other foreigners in Pekin deliv- |
ered by the Chinese authorities to the allies at |
one of the city gates, if the commanders |
of tho allied forces will consent after |
satisfying themselves that the rescue of the |
foreigners may be accomplished in that j
way. The arrangements for the rescue are left |

|

 

entirely to the commanders of the relief col-
umns. To them has been intrusted full author-
ity to decide whether there shall be insistence
on the proposition that part of the allied forces |
be permitted to enter Pekin and take the for- |
eigners from the legations or the (binese shall
be allowed to escort the foreigners from the !
legations to oneo! (he gates, there t twrn them |
over to the allies.

This Government has absolutely refus d to |
consent to the Chinese proposal that the Min-
isters and those in their care be escorted by
Imperial troops to Tungchow, eleven miles
from Pekin, and LA Hung Chang, whose formal |
Communication to that effect was received by
the Government to-day, has been so informed
through Minister Wu Ting-fang.

The Tungebow proposal was made inopera-
tive by the allies themselves, According to
official despatches, received here from Admiral
Remey and the Japanese Government, that im-
portant town was ocoupied on Aug. 12. The
Japanese official report says that there was no
resistance, the Chinese troops retreating.

Admiral Remey furnishee the additional
information that the allies were to attack Pekin |
yesterday, By this time it must be known |
to those on the ground whether there will be
peace or war between China and the Powers.
If the Chinese declined to assent to the prop-
ositions of the allied commanders for the res-
oue of the Ministers, Pekin has probably been
attacked by this time. If the Chinese con-
sented to compromise, the crisis may have
passed. But further hostilities were or can
be averted in only one way, and that is that |
the foreigners in Pekin be delivered safely to
the commanders of the relief column

The consent of the United States to the pian
of having the Ministers delivered to the allies
at one of the Pekin gates under conditions |
satisfactory to the allied commanders was |
given two days ago, The War Department's |
instructions to Gen. Chaffee on the subject |
were sent from Washington on Tuesday, It |
is not probable that they have reached him
by this time. If the allies arrived before Pekin
yesterday they bad then no instructions to ao
cept the Chinese proposition to furnish an es-
cort for the foreigners from the legations to
a place outside the city, This Government,
in {te hope that the Ministers have been suc-
cored by this time, ia «6 depending
on the good sense and discretion of theGenerals |
of the relief column in determining whether
they shall stick to the letter of their instruc
tions of take some contrary course that may
lead to the desired result The Ministers have
repeatedly refused to trust themselves to a
Chinese escort. I they insisted on this when
the allies arrived at the gates of Pekin, and ad-
mittance was refused, the sacred wall has almost ,
certainly been attacked by the foreign legion |
before now. Within the next few days the
story will be known.

A history of the recent negotiations in regard
to the relief of the legationers is contained in |
correspondence made public by the State De- |
partment this evening. It contains Li Hung |
Chang’s appeal, received to-day, and the reply
of this Government, which includes two de-
spatches sent to Gen. Chaffee concerning the |
proposals for relieving the Ministers and those
with them.

The following memorandum was handed to
Mr, Adee by Mr. Wu at ¢ o'clock this morning

“A cablegram from Ear! 14 Hung Chang,
Envoy Plenipotentiary of China, dated Aug. 15, |
and received by Minister Wu at7P M. on the |
garme day |
“*The allied forces are approaching Tungchow

|

 

1 have memorialized the Imperial Government
to depute envoy to negotiate an armistioe with
the several commanders on the spot. I will
also shortly proceed to Pekin. The Powers, |
being fully aware of the embarrassing position |
in which their Majesties, the Empress Dowager |
and the Emperor, are placed, are earnestly re-
quested to telegraph instructions to their re-
spective commanders after arriving at Tung-
chow with their forces to stop their further ad-
vance to the capital so as not to cause alarm
and fear to their Majesties and calamities to
the people, for such advance would shake the
foundations of the Ta Ching Empire and wound
the feelings of all her people, high andlow. For |
a compliance with this appeal the millions of
people of the empire will be profoundly grateful
to the Powers, Piease communicate this cable-
gram at once to the Secretary of State,’ ”

The following memorandum in reply was
handed to Mr. Wu this afternoon:

“Memorandum: Foreseeing that there would |
be insufficient time after receiving a reply
to our memorandum of Avg. 12 to get instruc-
tions to the relief column before it had reached
Pekin we sent on the same day to the General
commanding the American forces in China
the following despatch:

“*ADIUTANT GENERAL'S OFPICE,
WASHINGTON, Aug, 12, 1900,
* 'Powler, Chefoo, tor Chaffee:

“‘seoretary of War directs me to inform
you that Li Hung Chang, appointed by
Chinese Government to negotiate with Pow-
ers. requests cessation of hostilities. We have
replied that we are ready to enter into agree-
ment between Powers and Chinese Govern-
ment for cessation of hostilities on condition

t

the relief expedition shall be permitted to
enter Pekin unmolested and to escort foreign
Ministers and residents back to Tientsin, the
movement being provided for and secured by
such arms and dispositions of troops as shall |
be considered satisfactory by Generals com- j
manding the forces composing relief expe-
dition. We have communicated this to all |
the Powers. Japanese Government takes same
position. We have not heard from other
Powers. CORBIN.”
“And two days ago,in view of the rapid prow-
ress of the relief expedition, we sent the follow-
ing

“ "WASHINGTON, Aug. [4, 1900.
*** Fowler, Chefoo, for Chaffee:
*‘Aug. 14.—In anticipation of acceptance by
Chinese Government of condition in our reply
If Chinese author-

|
* ApJUTANT-GENERAL'S Orrice, | |
|
}
itles communicate willingly to deliver Ministers |

| and persons under their protection to relief
| column at Pekin under arrangements which

you consider safe, you are authorized to make
and carry out arrancement in concert with
other commanders without referring it here.
From informal communications with repre-
sentatives of other Governments here we be-
lieve all to take substantially same position. |
Question whether you should insist upon enter-
ing Pekin and going (o legations or will receive
delivery at gate of inner Tartar city or at outer
wall, taking risk of Ministers passing through

 

In One Round of the Sun
1 the rua from New

fess ¢ route of Railroad. Ro tye Wanls Limited
Se scenery; invitlog prospects. —Ade, York to neago over a faultless route. —Ads,

; one last

| of missionaries,

of War, ConBin.’

“We are advised by Minister Conger that
the attacks by Imperial troops upon the le-
gations in Pekin have not ceased. While these
attacks continue we cannot stop the advance
of our forces toward Pekin. If such attacks
cease the above quoted instructions wi!| be al-
lowed to stand, and they would seem to pro-
vide for all the action required under the cir-
cumstances stated by Earl Li in his daspateh:

“Auvry A. Aner, Acting Secretary

“Department of State, WaAsHiINoToN, Aug.

16, 1000,"

The Acting Secretary of State made public
the following extract from a despatch re-
ceived this morning from Mr. Conger. It
was handed to Mr. Adee by Mr. Wu, who ex-
plained that he had received it at midnight
from Shanghai, from the Taotai, by whom it
had heen received by way of Tainan, Aug.
16. It is undated, but would seem to have left
Pekin some time between Aug. 6 and Aug, 11:
“Secretary of State, Washington:

“Our eipher is safe. May it not be sufficient
authenticity?

“We have been imprisoned and completely
besieged since June 23. Continued artillery

| aed rifle firing until July 17; only rifle sinoe,

with it frequently desperate attacks,
night. fave already reported our
losses, French, Italian, Belgian, Austrian,
Dutch legations and all other furcign property
Pekin destroyed,

“Dr Inglis’s child dead; Marines Fanning,
Fisher, Turner, King, Tutcher, Kenny and
Thomas killed. All other Americans alive,

“Inform Alta and Secretary Ryan

“Nearing allied forces give us hope,

“ConoER.”

The appeal of Li Hung Chang was considered
at a Cabinet meeting held at the White House,
which was called by the President for 11 0’ cloek,
shortly after his arrival in Washington from
Canton, Ohio. At that meeting the situation
was fully discussed. Despatches dating back
to the beginning of the Chinese trouble were
produced and read and the official declarations
of the United States at various stages
of the period of unrest in China were examined
and considered at length. This was done to
enable the President and the Cabinet to de-
termine whether any mistakes had been made
by the Government, and the result was a gen-
eral expression of the opinion that the course
of the United States had been the proper one
to pursue from the beginning. Before the
Cabinet adjourned the character of the answer
to Li Gung’s latest proposal had been decided
Upon.

The Cabinet officers are full of hope over the
situation, although they appreciate that the
the events of the past day or two may ave
brought war in which the United States will
become involved, They get their greatest
encouragement from the news that the im-
portant town of Tungchow was abandoned to
the allies without Chinese resistance, and this
leads them to hope that when the allies reached
Pekin they found the Chinese authorities in
such a state of fright that they were more than
willing to make any arrangement for the res-
cue of the legationers tha* the allies pro-
posed.

Two more messages from Minister Conger
have been received at the State Departmert
one through Consul-General Goodnow last
night and the other through Minister Wu Ting
fang phig morning. The second message was
the more important. While the State De-
partment fs not positive thas tt is en answer
to the telegram sent to the American Minister
on Aug. § to test the sincerity of the Chinese
professions that the diplomatic representatives
fn Pekin and thelr Governments would be per-
mitted to communicate freely in cipher, it
furnishes the information asked for in that
and earlier despatches of the State Depart-
ment

Mr. Conger in severa! messages of inquiry
sent to him from Washington wes asked to
review the situation at Pekin. He does this
fn the despatch quoted above, but the parts
relating to the attitude of the Chinese Gov-
erument have not been disclowed. He an-

but daily;

| swered @ question concerning the susplcidn

that the Chinese Government had the cipher
book of the American legation in Pekin, and
gave, as he was instructed to do, the
names of these Americans killed or who had
died That he received messages from the
State Department is shown also by his refer-
enoe to “Alta,” hie sister, Mrs. Alta Baldwin
of this city, and “Secretary Ryan,” the Secre-
tary of State of Iowa Mra Baldwin and Mr.
Ryan had made inquiries about Mr. Conger
and he was so informed in one of the messages
of the State Department.

. synopsis of the message from Mr. Conger,
transmitted through Consul-General Goodnow,
was made public im the following official state-
ment:

"The Department of State late yesterday
(Aug. 15) received a_i cipher despatch
from Consul-General Goodnow, dated the
same day, which, on being deciphered, was
found to embody an undated message from
Minister Conger, wansmitted from Teinan on
the 14th. From internal evidence it
would appear to have left Pekin about
the 8th or Oth inst It is very brief,
adding litile to what is already known,
{ts most interesting statement being that
with the exception of seven marines and a
baby of Dr. Inglis, all the Amer!cans were alive,
although quite a number were sick.’

The following cable desratch was received at
the Navy Department this morning:

“Taku, Aug. 15
*'Rureou of Navigation, Washington:

"Pront unheard from since lith. Lieut. Lati-
mer is on Chaffee's staff expressly to furnish
me authentic information.

“Latest reports through Japanese source:
allies occupied Tungchow 12th.

“Would attack Pekin to-day. Rem er.”

This despatch confirms the report from Japa-
nese sources received in the cable despatch
from Tokio.

MISSIONARIES ACCUSED.

Herr Brandt Repeats Hi« Assertion That They
Heve Caused the Chinese Trouble.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SuN.

BERLin, Aug. 16.—Herr Brandt, ex-Minister
to China, publishes along article in the Chriat-
liche Welt replying to the protests of the re-
ligious press against his recent indictment
especially Protestants, as
being largely responsible for the anti-foreign
feeling of the Chinese.

He now reiterates his criticismsand is more
drastic. He contends that if, after the sup-
pression of the present outbreak and the pun-
ishment of its authors, no changes ure intro-
duced in the practices of the missions,there wil*
be, ten years hence, a new crisis exceeding the
present one in horror and extent. Herr Brandt
declares that it is madness to expect the Chi-
nese to tolerate Christlan missions. He asks
the editor of the CArialliche Welt

“What would you and your colleagues do
if, on the basis of treaties achieved by force
of arms, Buddhist missionaries were accorded
the ht to settle everywhere in Germany
erect houses and churches on* sites rendered
sacred by pobylas beliet and superstition,
aod preach “et street corners in very de-

ficien

Le reminds the editors of what haa the

outcome of anti-Semitism in G y else-
where. He further denounces t yiual >
tolerance of the missionaries, especially of the

Protestant-,toward Catholics and accuses them
of cowardice in deserting their cormmunities
and fleeing to the coast.

The Kev. Samuel MH, Asay Dead.

w iadeae nS oa ee

years

 

 

IGHT, 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISH

 

KE SSS

a

se

 

 

MAY BE FIGHTING AT PEKIN

ALLIES WERE 70 ATTACK ON MONDAY
AFTER A VICTORY AT TUNG CHOW.

 

Message From Envoys Saying the Shelling
Had Been Resumed Said to Have Reached
the Advancing Colamea at Hostwa—Tusg
Chew Taken on Sanday and a Japanese
Report Says There Was Severe Fighting
~Allies tn Battle Also at Chang Chia Wan,

Speciat Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 17—-Definite news of the
arrival of the allied forces at Pekin has not
yet reached London, though indirect reports
to that effect have been received from several
sources, These, equally with there sequel
that the forces have entered the capital and
rescued the foreigners, are regarded here as
guesswork,

A news agency's telogram from Rome quotes
an alleged official despatch, dated Taku, Aug. 14,
stating that the allies began their attack on the
capital on Monday after establishing head-
quarters at Tung Chow, and that the British
legation had opened a communication with
the relievers,

There is no official news of fighting at Tung
Chow, which, according to a Japane+e report,
was occupied without opposition Shanghal
gossip, however, alleges that there was heavy
fighting there on Sunday, the allies severely
defeating the Imperial troops and capturing
much booty.

A Tientsin despatch, dated Aug. 14, has
been received in Berlin. It mentions a vic-
tory of the allies with slight loss at Chang Chia
Won prev‘ous to the occupation of Tung Chow.
The Chinese are said to have left 500 dead,
the reat fleeing to Tung Chow and Pekin.

Several press despatches describing the
advance say that the arrival of the allies at
Hosiwu was in the nick of time, the Chinese
having almost completed works that were
intended to drain the Peiho. If they had suc-
ceeded the Gonsequences would have been
most grave, und it is even probable that they
would have stopped the advance of the allies.
The Chinese had apparently been engaged on
these works for a month. On the approach
of the allies thty became panic stricken and fled,
abandoning their tools.

The cavalry of the allies caught the Chinese
cavalry concealed ifn fields of millet, the grain
standing ten feet high It was impossible to
see a yard ahead, and the millet almost pulled
the riders off their horses. Nevertheless,
according to the correspondent, a sharp fight
ensued, the Bengal Lancers cutting some of the
Chinese to pieces, while the others fled in terror.

A despatch to the Standard, dated Hosiwu,
states that a message from the Ministers, dated
Aug. 4, had reached camp saying that the Chi-
nese had again commenced to shell the lega-
tions

The Times's Shanghai correspondent, in a
despatch dated Aug. 14, quotes a Chinese ref-
ugee from Pekin as saying that not a semblance
of government at present exists in the capital.
The reactionary part of the population are
gratifying their bloodthirsty instincts against
all suspected of pro-foreign tendencies,

It is believed, though It is not stated define
ftely, that the Indian troops whose [landing
at Shanghai was stopped sailed for Wei-Hai-
Wei on Thursday. The whole truth of the in-
cident is as yet unknown. The correspond-

ents mutually contradiet each other.
Por instance, some represent the
attitude of Mr. Goodnow, the American
Consul, as being anfi-Rritish, while others

declare that he {s neutral. Most of the local
British reports are clouded by jingoism. It
seems to be true that the Consuls at Shanghai
have agreed that some protection by foreign
troops is imperative.

Anti-British opinion in Paris and Rerlin is
delighted over the withdrawal! of the Indian
troops, thinking that it must damage British
prestige in the Yang-tse-Kiang valley.

THE CONFLICT AT SHANGHAI.

 

Disagreement Among Consuls Prevents the
fanding of Troops Needed There.
Special Cadle Despatehes to THE SUN.

fonvon, Aug. 16.~- A despatch to the Timea
from Shanghai says Admiral Seymour received
instructions through Mr. Warren, the British

Consul, that the troops which he intended

to land at Shanghal should instead proceed

north. This will be done to-morrow unless
the British Poreign Office countermands the
order,

The managers of the principal British bank«
and the leading shippers cabled Lord Salls-
bury yesterday urging him to reconsider the
order for the withdrawal of the British troops.
They stated that they expressed the opinion
of the community when they said that the
withdrawal now would have a disastrous effect.
The foreign Consuls are equally alive to the
effect of the withdrawal of the troops on the
Chinese, and are addressing an identical note
to their governments with the object of induc-
ing Great Britain to land troops.

SHANcHA!, Aug. 15.—-A meeting of the Con-

| suls was held to-day to consider the question

ee

of the landing of troops. The Consuls said
they had no objection to the landing of a British
force, but declared that {f such action was
taken by Great Britain their governments
would do likewise,

Mr. Warren, the British Consul, objected
te this and threatened that the British troops
which were now reg¢y to land would be with-
drawn.

Pans, Aug. 16,--M. De Bezaure, the French
Consul at Shanghai, senda a cable despatch
to the Foreign Office which gives a rather
pessimistic view of the situation In the Yang-tse
valley. It now appears that the French Consul
was the only one who remained at his post
at Chungking. The British Consul at Hankow,
however, is now sending a representative of
his Government to replace the Consul who fed,
The new representative is travelling on a boat
armed with Maxims and with a guard of blue-
jackets.

SUFFERING OF

 

oUR TROOPS.

 

Their Headgear Not Sufficient Protection From
the Heat.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lowpon, Aug. 16.--A correspondent of the
Central News, in describing the fighting
at Hosiwu, save the alled troops suffered
more from the heat than from the fire of the
enemy. The headgear cf the American
troops, the correspondent +*7s, is quite {nsuf-

flolent in the awful climate and the conse- | §."e from the Elks

quences to them have bees direful. There is a
plentiful supply of wate,

Newpert Bxresrsion on Sunday.
See advert ing column —A do

 

 

+ abeth Geissele, the owner.

oie
Pane

ry

Palr to-day;

°

ASSOCIATION.

 

BIG CARNEGIE TRON ORB DEAL.

Report That the Company Has Secured Con-
trol of the Lake Superior Region's Outpu..

Pirresvno, Pa., Aug. 16.—By a big deal which
it has just closed the Carnegie Company will
control the iron production of the Lake Supe-
rior region for the next fifty years. It has made
4 contract with the ore companies calling for a
total of 10,000,000 tons of ore a year. Last year
the Carnegie Company produced 6,000,000 tons
from its own mines, The contract was agreed
upon while President C, M. Schwab and other
officers of the company were on a trip in the
ore region,

An extensive owner of ore mines who was
in Pitt«bur@ to-day brought the news. He
says that al! the rivals of the Carnegie Company,
the American Steel and Wire, the Federal,

| the Midvale and other companies, will be con-
pelled to depend upon the Carnegie Company

for much of their ore, and that company will
have 10,000,000 tons a year to sell. A depres-
sion in the iron and stee! market will actually
benefit the Carnegie Company a8 compared
with ite rivals, as they will have to purchase
at the Carnegie Company's price. The latter
has secured control of the four greatest ore-
producing districts of the world It has
leased the land for the term of twenty years
and contracted an annua! output of 10,000,000
toms

NEW TRIAL FOB MRS.

 

BOTKIN,

Cenfession of Error in the Judge's Charge ia
This Marder Case.

San Francisco, Aug 16.--The decision of
the Supreme Court in the Hoff murder case
has had the effect predicted. Cordelia Botkin
will have a new trial Assistant Attorney-
General Moore has appeared before the Su-
preme Court and confessed error in the in-
structions to the jury in the Botkin case Mrs,
Botkin, slayer of Mrs. John P. Dunning of
Delaware, to whom she sent poisoned candy,
was tried before Judge Cook, and the instruc-
tions to the jury relative to matters of fact
were the same asin the Hoff case

Moore secured a continuance of the case
until next law day, Sept 3, to consider with
the counse! for the defence the question of juris-
diction, it being asserted again by the latter
that as the crime was committed in Delaware,
to which State the poisoned candy was mailed,
the case is not within the jurtediction of Cali-
fornia. This was argued before the first trial,
but the State's jurisdiction was established.
There is much complaint here about the cost
of another trial

LAST TRIBUTE TO MR, HUNTINGTON,

Every Wheel Will Stop on the Seuthera Pacific
System During the Interment,

San FrAncisco, Aug. 16.—-Arrangements
have been made by the employees of the South-
ern Pacifico Company to show their respect for
the memory of Collis P. Huntington. Memorial

services will be held in tho First Presbyterian

Church in this city at the same time the funeral

services are being conducted in New York, It

has been decided to send a floral piece to the
church in New York, This will be ordered in

New York by telegraph, subject to the approval

of Mre. Huntington, and will be sent as coming

from all the Southern Pacific emplcyees on this

Comat,

It has been further arranged that for the few
minutes that will pass while the coffin is being
borne from the hearse to the grave every wheel
on the Southern Pucific systems will stopped.
Work will eeuse in the shops, engines will be
stopped und ferries will not run wherever this
is feasible while the body of the man, who was
once head of the whole system, is borne to the
erave.

|
|

 

TILLMAN SEPARATED THEN,

Candidates for Governor Try to Pammel Fach
Other tn South Carolina,

COLUMBIA, 8. C., Aug. 16.—For the second
time during the State campaign Senator Till-
man has had to separate fighting candidates
for Governor. At Edgefield to-day Comptrolier-
General Derham, trembling with emotion, read
a circular by his opponent, N. W. Brooker,
printed under the Masonic emblem, in which
it was declared that Derham’s father was an
officeholder under a carpetbagger and was
kicked out by Hampton in 1876

Derham, who has been a lifelong Democrat
and held office, county and State, for twelve
years, cried out that the circular was a lie and
turned to meet Brooker, who sterted toward
him and was seized by Senator Tillman. Later
Brooker said that he denounced as a lie a
recent card by Derham, and if the Comptroller-
General needed satisfaction he could get it at
any time he wished. Derham wept with
emotion. Both men left the stand soon after
It is not known whether anything more serious
will result, but an encounter is anticipated.

A. P. WILBER IN POTTER'S FIELD.

Nephew of the Millionaire Asa Packer Dies ta
Poverty at San Francisco,

SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 16.—Asa Packer Wilber,
who was buried in Potter's Field yesterday,
was a nephew of Asa Packer, the Lehigh Valley
railroad king and coal baron. He was the
millionaire’s nearest relative exoept the father's
one childless daughter, now a feeble old woman.
Wilber was a slave to morphine end to his
craving for the drug was due his poverty.
By setting type for a dramatic paper, he man-
aged to get enough money to keep his meagre
wants supplied. To the man who guve him
employment he transferred before his death one-
half his interest in whatever part of the Packer
estate should descend to him.

 

 

RAILROAD OFFICIALS IN A WRECK.

 

Stamp on the Track on the Lehigh Valley
Read Deratis a Special Train.

Witkes-Barng, Pa, Aug. 16.—A_ special

train on the Lehigh Valley Railroad carrying

several high officials was wreckei last night .

a’ Splash Dam, on the Bowman's Creek branch.
A large tree stump had been plaeei on the
| track and the private car was ceraile’ and

 

| thrown down a small embankment. Supt.
Alexander Mitchel of this division, ha’ his back

| and hips ba.ly bruiset and wae taken to his |
home in an ambulance. He will be lud up for
some time. Chief Engineer W. G. Berg wos
bruise! considerably. General Supt. Rollin
H. Wilbur escape! with a few slight bruises

 

| dso vid E. R Reets, C. McKlosser, G. B

tthews, Albert Bover, and D. F. Acherman.

tis believe’ that the stump was place on the
track for the purpose of wrecking the train.

 

 

 

HONEST MRS GBISSELE

Wouldn't Accept for Her Property What
Newark Wanied to Pay.

Alderman Felder of Newark is recovering
from a severe shock. Asa member of the Pub-
lic Buildings Committee he was engaged in the
purchase of a site for a fire engine house in the
Twelfth Ward and it was agreed to pay $2,700 for

the site selected. The committee voted to pur- |

chase this property from an agent of Mrs. Fliz-
A resolution to this
effect was signed by wearer Seymour and there
seemed to be noth! e do but obtain the trans-
fer of the property th’ warrant forthe ent
being read Then Mrs. Geissele called upon
Alderman Felder and told him that she thought
that $2,400 was enough for the property that
was all she had expected to get and all she
thought the property was worth

 

Kifled by Pitched Ball tn a Baseball Game,

ASHTABULA, Ohio, Aug 16 Samuel Amidon,
| a well known young business man of this place,
| was killed to-day in a game of baseball between

vodge and a nine from
uring the second inning

b
r. Amidon who was at the bat was « in
head the base of the skull bys ned
e fe to the ground like a fe ox.
ve pr ipigiane who were in attendance
to ‘allen rman, but him dead.
was about 30 years

mh found /

 

- SS

ING

northwest winds.

 

PRICE

TWO CENTS.

Se, LS

[RIOTS SPEEDILY stopreEn,

SMALL ARMY OF POLICE KEPT WOULD.
BE DISTURBERS QUIET.

 

Policeman Thorpe's Funeral Procession Passed
Through Crowded Streets, bat Negroes
Kept Under Cover — Colored Prisorer
Punched in a Police Station—Many Biaeks
Chased an@ Bad'y Scared— Revolvers at a
Premiom in All the West Side Pawnsheps,

There was no serious renewal of the fighting
between the whites and blacks on the West Side
yesterday or last night. This was pardy be-
cause most of the ringleaders on both sides were
either in jatl or the hospital after their six-hour
street battle of the night before and partly be-
cause there were as matiy policeme: as there

were would-be rioters in the storm district
There were squads of cops on all the street
corners along Seventh, FBighth, Ninth and

Tenth avenues between Twenty-eighth and
Fortieth streets. They didn't have much to do
but drive away crowds of non-coinhatants who
were out to see a fight

In Fighth avenue at
one time there were 19.000 persons. There
Was some excitement here, lor 4 oewd of 100

or more white men hung to Ue corer of
Thirty-fourth street in spite of orders to move
on, Chief Devery, who was at the West
Thirtieth street station, rent out Insrector
Thompson with eighty men to clear the corner
The Chief's only order as to how the tob was
to be done was to use elubs if necewary, and
that order was cheerfully obeved by every
one of the eighty cops under the persona! super-
vision of the Inspector, who showed how the

thing should be done. The one hundred men
on the corner didn't wait longer to ee negro
| baiting, but went home to nurse their own

brulses

The Tenderloin precinct, which is just out of
the riot district and has a big negro ropula-
tion of its own didn’t send its men to help Capt
Cooney last night. All of the Tenderloin cops
were kept in their own precinet and they were
reénforced by a squad of fifty men from out-
side. Ten men were stationed on every block
in the negro colony between Sixth and Seventh
avenues and asa result not a black man showed
his head out of doors for the night, though most
of them had been investing in second-hand re-
volvers to such an extent that the pawntrokers
had put up the price

The only negro who was hurt last night was
one who tried to steal an apple from an Ltalian's
pushoart, The Italian stabbed him. fe
was seized in Thirty-fourth street and Eighth
avenue and the crowd frightened him by show-
ing him a rope and threatening to hang him to
& lamppost. Their diversion was interrupted
by police clubs freely used. .

The West Forty-seventh street police were
called out three times but merely to disperse
crowds. A report that there was a riot at Sixty-
firststreet andAmsterdam avenue sent six police-
men and a roundsman from the West Sixty-
eighth street station there on a run. They
found that a big crowd had assembled because
@ rumor had spread that a negro had been
killed. The police dispersed the crowd and
then learned that William Cody of 442 West
Fifty-fourth street had been slightly stabbed
while trying to steal fruit from a stand on the
corner. The stand keeper and Coijy were
arrested and the latter was sent to Roosevelt
Hospital, a prisoner.

At midnight. Chief Bevery seid:

“I warn those white people who are coming
into thie district secking trouble that I will not
put up with their conduct any longer. I will
stop them with the locust and then they will
find out that looking for trouble does not pay.
If they disregard this warning they will have to
pay the penalty. They must leave these col-
ored people alone, and the further they keep
away the better it will be for them. All the
trouble so far has been started by boys, and
the older persons have afterward been drawn
into it. If parents would koep their boys at
home, matters would not be as bad as they are.”

RobertJ. Thorpa, the policeman whose mur-
der last Sunday by the negro Arthur Harris
started the riote on Wednesday night,
was buried yesterday afterncon and his funeral
passed without violence. There was, however,
an undercurrent of bitter feeling among the
whites who had known the dead man, which
led to several exciting incidents before the
day was over and which indicated that there
were latent possibilities of further riot. The
negroes were thoroughly frightened and all
through West Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh
and Thirty-eighth streets, where the danger
was greatest, they kept pretty closely under
cover. But there were many of them who
were by no means cowed and these armed
themselves with revolvers, so that in case con-
flict came they would be able to protect them-
selves.

Policemen were scattered al! over the storm
district vesterday by the dozen, Chief Devery
himself spending almost the whole day at the
West Thirty-seventh street station. The
policemen protected the negroes in the streets
but at the same time they showed no dis-
position to be severe with the whites, There
isnodenying that among the rank and file of
the police force there is bad feeling against
the negroes on gocount of Thorpa's death, and
though the cops did not encourage the street
rioting they were not as harsh in their meas
ures of suppression as they sometimes are.
In the streets they acted like men who were
doing their duty against their will, but they
were doing it.

|

The funeral of Thorpe started from the
flathouse at 481 Ninth avenue, on the top floor
of which the policeman had lived with his
two brothers and sisters. The house is between
Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth streets on
the west side of Ninth avenue. The hour
| set for the funeral was 2 o'clock and elaborate
' preparations had been made by the police to
prevent any outbreak there. It was Seared
that a great crowd of whites would gather
} and that under the influence of the excitement
from the funeral they might set upon the
negroes who thickly inhebit Thirty-sixth and
Thirty-seventh streets bevveen Eighth and
All of the policemen in the
West Thirty-seventh street station were
at the funeral Sixty uniformed patroimen
| were drawn from other precincts to do duty
| for them, and all of the plain clothes
men on the West Side, including Inspector
Thompeon's personal staff and almost all of the
|
|

' Ninth avenues

| Central Office men, were scattered through the
streets adjacent to Thorpe’s home. That
part of town was in a state of excitement all
| day. It was full of people. Just before day -
| break there had been a few spasmodic out-
bursts, the last spasins of the night's riot, and
then things had quieted down. but the tip was
out that there might be trouble and the streets
were thronged with rowdies anxiwis to partio-
| ipate in it and other persons eager to witness
the excitement. When the hour came fur the
| funeral Ninth avenue and Thirty-revent
street and several blocks thereabouts were «!-
most impassable. The throng was dense!
right in front of the Thorpe house. There
were no negroes in this part of the street, bu
the block in Thirty-severnth street betwee)
Bighth and Ninth avenues was filled with then
Every window had a black or yellow face eut-
| thrust and many negroes were tempting fate

by standing on the stoops of their houses

Upstairs lay Thorpe'’s body In the morn-
ing Father Hughes of the Paulista had per
formed a service, but there was none tn the
afternoon. Thorpe was a convert to Catholi-

| elem, but his sister was not. In deference
| to her wishes he was buried in Greenwood
Cemetery and hence there was Bo regular ser-