{
/

>

el oy ot Re

FR at aR A RS i a EN

won eee nts wie eee S

a ee a eee

Ot Nn OO OE os -

Sates Sater

 

    
    
  
  
    
    
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

in the West Thirty-seventh street station for
carrying revolvers and other weapons:
Hartley Johnson, railroad porter, and Peter
Frazier of 248 Weat Forty-seventh street. Fra-
vier had @ link from a two-inoh iron chain, a
razor, a knife and a piece of looking glass.
Thomas Reilly, a white man, arrested for trying
to atir up a fresh few. hag an iron rod elghteen
ohes long in his h ocke
inal waite boys of the district did what
they could all day to keep the race war going
by owing stones at negroes. The negroes
would chase the boys and that would give the
grown-up toughs a fresh excuse to molest the

vice at 2 o'clock and none at the graveside
Hundreds of persons viewed the body. The
room in which the coffin lay was filled with
weeping women Among them was Miss
Lizzie Murray, whom Thorpe was to have
married within three weeks. A stream of men
filed in and passed around the bier. As they
came out there was generally 4 muttered curse
and a threat of vengeance on thetr lips) Many
of the men wore a little white badge on which
“We mourn our loss.” They

was pre’ O d of twenty-five negroes
were the boyhood friends of the dead police- pegrpes. ws ne aoe on Ceres iptown
and clim on top oft, where they were fifteen

man. The pallbearers were policemen. They
carried the body down The stairway was 60
narrow thatat each landing {t was necessary
to open the door of the apartment on that floor
in order to get the coffin past’ When the first
floor was reached the door there was closed

eet above the street, Then they told the
tear to go down Eighth avenue “where the
fun was.” The negroes on the van were com-
paratively safe and they enjoyed themselves
riding twice through the riot section and taunt-
ing the whites, who could p tgetatthem, m@,:
the foe were annoyed In the evening by
throw! from the roof of the tenement

tenanta would not open it. They #e!d | stone thre
ee ‘ton to have a corpee in the house oa ~ aes ir are t ae 3
0
and they forced the pallbearers to lift the | OSM lp on the roof. They found two negro
banister. boys there, who denied having thrown an
a weet plete led by | stones. As could not account for thelr
The funeral procession, which was seaence on the tenement not f they were lock

apector Thompson. and acting
Cedar of the Weet Thirty-seven’ h etr *
station with one hundred men of ¢ at pr
eine, moved around from Ninth avenue, west
on Thirty-seventh street, to et :
where {t turned down 18 Iie wes
Here {tewung east lef f y
that if there was going to be any trouble i

Cantata spicious persons. Shortly after 8
- ote! ok neg stor Thompson arrested Louis

shwarts, white, 19 years old, of 845 West Thirty -
ninth atreet for throwing stones at an Eighth
avenue oar tn an effort to hit a negro who was
on the cer. He brose 6 car va qe. Thing.
the Inspector was on way to y
seventh atrest station with his prisoner several

“ -sixth atreet, near > eats
phat Reo BN A “his stand there: , ime Zoung men. denounced a abies ares
was in citizen's dress. fle placed a 60 in Boh warty The tet tes Manhattan avenue,

h and south sides o a charge of disorderly con-

of policemen on the nort and he was held on

Thirty-ainth streets 60 oa wan al imedt to | duct Robert Myrick, @ negro living, at le
not we neteuct SE every house in Thirty- West Thirty-nin wet, ee ie Thirty.
cut throug Fighth and Ninth av Eighth avenue car a’ ft he had

sixth street, between F sixth street at &:30 o'clock because he * a

S tationed re
nes, a plain-clothes man was # pacy

oo if they were assail 4
se ere uh thee fi in revenge, they should

, if,
Pate from the roofs or Ww indows. While

the procession was passing this point A,

razor In his pocket.
A flashil egro, wearing a big dia-
ond any tee bosom and carrying &
eather hag, went into a sporting goods store
on Broadway, near Twenty-eighth street, yester-

eoal-biack negro came apeedt up Ninth } oo Berar ezh ete ‘Twenty-eighth street, Zeater:
avenueon.a ploy cles ust ore the crowd inne | teling the Glerk@that he didn't care how big it
ong th . A well-dresse wa :
{t pe was Hi = on ey offended thereat here geome to be some goin 6 on in die best
" it the nigger! Lynch him!” he shouted neighbor , an’ I want to p ;
Chief Devery wasn't two feet away. He | said he

He selected a 44-calibre weapon for $15 and
urchased 87 eerth of ammunition. As he left
fhe store Polioernan John Daly intercepted him
aced him under arrest. He was Louls
o bartender,of 168 West Twenty~

oon after Williams was locked
Policeman Law-

the agitator
warned on ate blanked white-liveared | fool,

" ‘hief y 1 loud enough to heard
& jg he . Hou open your aah again

‘l] take a oight stick and jam it down your
Dignsity blanked throat.”
a

and pl
Willlams,a ni
fifth street
up in the Tenderloin station,

it
The fanguage was not parliamentary, but less brought in Robert H. Peters, a negro, of
did the business at the Packer Slane 228 Wont Thirtieth atreet, whom he had see

ew Devery if the mouthy
They oe still while the police hustled the
bleyele rider out of range, gut him on his wheel,
nd told him to “get, quic When last seen
@ was violating the city ordinance asto fast
in the public streets, and going in the

brandishing a revolver at Thirtieth street an
Seventh avenue. Two other negroes were
gathered in later for displaying respectively @
pistol and a dirk.

negro wearing a white sombrero and a

A
_ P Ninth avenue last
’ soldier's blouse appeared in Nin venue
aM Ae eas Goer on there was more ex-] evening. He wa ked down from Forty-sec-
oltement in Thirty-seventh atreet. That pert re aeeet, aring any white meat Fory-firet
of the grad ac auc Laken UO reek UD gtroat he pan across James Shane, a plasterer

the police station began to break up
ae fhe procession had peered The crowd
moved mostly toward Kighth avenue wook-
ing up ahead in less than @ minute several men
could be seen running. More men began to

living in Fortleth atreet, Shane was drunk.
“TT wipe ey ay Vk) you.” said the negfo,
and he struck e with aclub,
Policemen Nolan and Kirk arrived in time
to save Shane from a further beating and took

are . “chasing

sprint. Everybody said they were eh . -seventh street
& Oy boy and policeman | the negro to the West Thirty-seventh 6

a nigger” and eyery man boy an veers ‘h ate aan. ite id he waa Vincent A.

on ast as he could go for hight
Ue, Os, rose like @ fiulb-burned tube of
mercury. When a thousand men begin to run
and yell it's contagious. ‘The negroes on the
house stoops melted like black snowballs, but
their ourly heads all showed in the window
upstairs. While the whole mob  clattere
down the street a little darky dodged out of @
basement on the north side and made his way
across to the other side, dodging the flying men
like an expert football player. Just as he
reached the other side a ene face to face

8 er.

with a white boy a trifle m and with his

treet of $19 West Forty-first street.

wh ot oe re a walking arsenal,” remarked
the doorman, when he searched the prisoner,
~. the negro’s possession the doorman found
a razor, a loaded revolver, a box of cartridges
and a knife with an eight-inch blade

“Well,” said the prisoner, “when I come out
I felt somep'n’ in the air an’ I was prepared
for trouble.”

He was locked up and 60 was the drunken
man he had assaulted

There was a good deal of talk yesterday con-

z you! id the darky, cerning the cause of the riots, Many persons
lett hand fe upper-cut the white boy in the | were Sispoeed to go back of the murder of
face. The white boy went down in @ heap. | Thorpe for the real cause Of course they ad-
The darky ducked into another basement! mitted that the policeman’s death was directly

responsible for outbreak of trouble at this
particular time, but they said that the conduct
of a certain class of negroes in recent years has
led to the growth of a deep-seated hatred for
them by the whites in the districts contiguous
to the negro settlements. Inspector Thompson
{a one of those who take this view. He ears and
there {a evidence to corroborate him, that re-
oontly agreat many of the South's worst negroes
have drifted into New York. They have a sys-

he crowd after bigger game (led on up
my deed When a 4 ny to Highth avenue
they found that the whole stampede had been
started by a lot of vy running ore to Thirty-

eat to see the procession go

a pte dy of the rrocession took It to Fifth
avenue, to Twenty-third street and to the
ferry, whence the carriages anda guard of honor
of twenty policemen proceeded to the ceme-

tery.

No one having been hurt during the proces- | tem in many Southern towns of giving objec-
sion it was taken for granted that nothi tionable c cters twenty-four or Toftycalant
more would happen. Chief Devery said at! hours in which to get out. Most of these char-
the police station that he felt sure that it was | acters are negroes and they come here. The
all over, and that,any way, he had 2,500 men negroes and they bluster around wi

are bad
adisregard of every y's righte tn an unbear-
able wi Any one who has n along Sixth
avenue in the Tenderloin in the last year or two
has h ample opportunities for seeing this
stripe of negro. ‘e ia generally armed and is
bad man to foo) with. Now that the outburst
oe Se Seeee Sas SY Sagres Save ©
suffer with the rest.

WEDNESDAY'S RIOTERS DEALT WITH.

o throw into the district in thirty minutes.
| e wae sure he could handle anything. Wh
a was talking a call came from Ninth avenue
he Roundsman Burke was
chased out with a squad of men. The mob
had got after a negro. He was one of those
“sassy, chesty coons” who make enemies on
eight. | He was flashily dressed, his most distin-
gulshing sartorial appointment being a white
straw fedora t with a red ecarf
wound around Gt. He waltzed down
Minth avenue with a cigar at an angle of 46 de-
rees in his mouth and the was too much for
fie crowd. They made for him. He ran like
jack rabbit and took refuge in Beal's bakery in
Sinth avenue between Thirty-sixth and Thirty-
seventh streets. A fat German closed t
door in the face of the mob and howled for the
yolice, while the mob howled for the negro's
Brood. Roundsman Burke and his meno got
there at this juncture and, forming a wedge,

 

Magistrate Cornell Consures Some Policemen
Whites Acted Like Brutes, He Says.
Nineteen prisoners were arraigned in the
West Side police court yesterday morning as
a result of the race rioting on Wednesday night.
Of the prisoners only four were white. Spencer
Walters, the negro who started the trouble

ra, di ed out the o
ee * wll the Se ves be id in check by the | by threatening two women who were stand-
aq e led the darkey a safe distance away | ing near the house where Policeman Thorpe's

and turned him loose. He was not seen again
{n that section of the city.

It had been reported to the police that the
negroes were arming, and evidence o this
fact was not long wanting. Polloeman Nam-
mack brought in a smartly dressed yellow
boy about 20 years old who said he was Bonnie

body lay, was fined $5. David H. Tarr, the
negro charged with stabbing Policeman Ken-
nedy, was held without bail to await the result
of the policeman’s injuries. John Hatnes,
charge’ with shooting a revolver, at a patrol

Price o' 46, Sergnce avenee. ronnie nag wagon, was held for examination. Fight or
een arrested at Twenty-seventh street an

a avenue with a gun a foot Gos in his ten other negroes were remanded, as the police
ocket. He had been standing on the corner | had apparently little evidence against them.
‘or some time threatening to make a sieve When James Wilson, a negro of 260 West
outof any white man who got gay with him Fifty-third street, was arraigned on the charge

He told the police that he had Just borrowed
the gun from his tailor in order to pawn it, his
tailor not having any ready money to lend
him He was locked \p.

A few minutes later there was another hulla-
balloo in Thirty-seventh street. Edward 8
Corbin, a negto who runs a tobacco store at
ao@ Weat Thirty-seventh street and a billiard
room at 588 Sixth avenue, left his store to go to
his billiard room. He ran into a crowd which
had been pursuing another negro who had es-
caped through the back door of a grocery store
on Thirty-sixth street near Eighth avenue.
The mob was in an ugly mood and when they
saw Corbin some one shouted, “There's another
Let's get him.”

Away they went, Corbin took to his heels,
making for Seventh avenue As he ran he
pulled a pistol from his pocket and began to

aye it
a yh shoot! I'll shoot!” he kept yell

of disorderly conduct he said that when he ran
to some policemen at Thirty-fifth street and
Eighth avenue for assistance one of them,
whom he didn't know, stepped up to him and
struck him on the back of the head with his
club. Policeman White said that Wilson was
intoxicated, but this the negro denied. He
was supported in that statement by a negro
named Johnson of a comedy team appearing

in “A Trip to Coontown.” Johnson said Wil-
gon left the former's house perfectly sober
just before being arrested.

“It's a shame,” said Johnson, “that a colored
man coulan't walk with safety on the street.”

"| know it,” said Magistrate Cornell. “The
people who were responsible for most of this
were a lot of loafers, poor white trash, who

, but
it never feazed the mob. They kept right on | attacked a lot of colored people just because
after him until he ran into the dems of foyole one bad negro had committed a crime. I'd

like to see some of these people who really
caiised this here in court.”

Wilson waa then discharged. Magistrate
Cornell also said that if the published accounta
of the riot were true the whites had acted “like
a lot of brutes,” and he censured several police-
men ior bringing prisoners to court without
any tnesees to corroborate the complaints
made against those arraigned. Two of the
four white prisoners were fined, John Gill of
2380 West Thirty-elghth street for brandishing
a revolver in the street, and Mary: Wilkinson
for waving a bread knife in West Thirty-ninth
street. Patrick an had been arrested be-

Policeman Leazenbee, who arrested nin and,
with the assistance of a dozen other policemen,
took him to the station The crowd fol-
lowed, but the detachment of police at Ninth
avenue and Thirty-seven street headed them
off. Corbin was locked up for carrying a deadly
weapon without having a permit todo so. He

was ve indignant and asserted that he was
only, ying to eee himself,

lilam J. Elliott, a negro of 324 West Thirty-
pita street, who bought a second-hand revolver
n a pawnshop to defend himself with late
the afternoon, about as hard a time soon
afterward with a crowd of reserve policemen

aa would have had in the mob of Hell's | cause he was slow in closing up his saloon at
Kitchen whites. Elliott wag arrested as he | 849 West Forty-third street when the police
came out of a pawnshop tn Ninth avenue, near | ordered him to do so. He was dischatees.

joint -eisth street, by Policeman Kammer of Every one of the negro prisoners bore traces
the Weat Forty-seventh street station, and the | of hav been beaten badly. me of them

policeman took him to the West Thirty-seventh
street station, where the revolver he just
purchased was taken from him and he was sent
© a cell charged with carrying a concealed
weapon. To get to the cell he had to
through the back room of the station where
about fifty angry policemen from several other
precincts, who under ordinary circumstances
would have been off duty, were being held in
reserve. As soon as the negro got into the room
where the policemen were some one closed the
door leading out to the main room. In another
instant there was a sound of quick scuffing,
then a thud and a yell: “Foh God's sake let me
up: don’t kill me!” Then there was more scuff-
ling, more yells for mercy and an uproar of a
general scrimmage.

Acting Captain Cooney, who was in hia pri-
vate office andthe sergeant from behind the desk
both rushed for the back poor Cooney got
there first and slammed the door open Te
found the negro_on the floor with as many
policemen as could get within reach pounding
‘im. Back of the assailants were more police-
men crowding in toward the negro. Whether
or not they were trying to get a whack at him
too wasn't evident, for as soon as the captain
appeared they began to pull at the copa in front
of them andto make loud protests against
manrenkes a prisoner

Cooney did not stop to protest. He smashed
through the outer line of policemen, grabbed
a cop who was leaning over the negro and
threw him over on his side. Another bent-
over cop tried to straighten up and got out
of the way. Capt. Cooney's fist, planted under
the chin, helped him wonderfully, The next
policeman got the captain's boot where it
would do the most good in helping him to get
to another of the room in a hurry and to
lose himself among cops who had not done
anything. Then, with the negro clingin
to his knees and howling his appreciation o'
the rescue, Cooney did a little real protecting.

“You are a lot of damn loafers,” said
among other things, and that was the principal
refrain of a two-minute speech to the sheepish
looking cops

E\hott, who was badly banged up, but not
seriously injured, was then locked uy. Capt.
Cooney stationed one of the men of his own
precinet in the back room for the rest of the
evening to watch the visiting cops. Chief
Devery, who was at the station last night in

sonal command of the extra force that had
een sent into the precinct, told the policemen
to treat blacks and whites impartially and
said that he would hold each man responsible
for the condition of his prisoners.

These » gfoes were locked up late in the day

Pye of clubbing them.

In the Jefferson Market court a half dozen
alleged perticipente in the riots were dealt
with by strate Rogan. Three were negroes
and three white men. ‘o of the negroes who
said that they had been clubbed by policemen
ged, The third was put under bonds
to keep the peace. he white rowdles were
fined $10 each.

THORPE'S MURDERER CAUGHT.

 

Tratied to Washington and Arrested There
—Confesses His Guilt.

Wasurnoton, Aug. 16.-Arthur Aarris, the
negro who stabbed Policeman Robert J. Thorpe
to death in New York early on Sunday morning
while the policeman was arresting a woman
for soliciting, was arrested at the home of his
mother at 832 E street, 8. E., in this city this
morning. He admitted stabbing Thorpe and
said that he was willing to go to New York
without requisition,

“Yes, I cut the policeman,” he said when
he was arrested, “but I didn't know until this
morning that he was dead, and I didn’t know
when I cut him that he was a policeman. I
had been at work as a cook at the Jeffersonian
Club in Newark, but had got out of work and
was living in the street where the fight was.
The policeman grabbed my girl. I didn't
know who he was and thought he was a citiven
like myself, so I jumped in. I got the worst of
of it. He hit me with a club and the marks
are on my forehead and head now. He was
much stronger than I am and he was getting
the best of me. So I took out my pocketknife

and cut him. What I did was done in self-
detence. If I had known he was a policeman
1 wouldn't have raised a finger. ”

William 1 Scales, a colored man who had,
been brought from New York identified Harris
it was said, as the man wanted for Policeman
lhorpe's murder. New York detectives are
here for Harris and requisition papers are ex-
pected to-morrow morning

Harris is wanted here on a charge of assault
with intent to kill, but the district authori-
ties will waive their claim to him in favor of
that of the New York police. Harris appears
to be a desperate character. in December,

   

| 1997, he and Charles Newman,

| thelr eyes open

   
 

fellow negro,
quarrelled over some money cowmes was
stabbed over the eye. Newman was thought
to be fatally injured, but recovered and en-
listed in the navy. He is now in this city.
Harris was educated in the district schools
and the colored high school, and is an intelli-
gent negro, clever in speech and of fair address.

Capt. McClusky said yesterday that sin
Bunday detectives from the Central Office h
been on Harris's trail, Information aa to
the negro’s probable whereabouts was given
to the police by an acquaintance of his whose
nome is also Harris and who was arrested im-
mediately after the fatal assault on the police-
man. It was learned that Harris h pace
worked in Newark and that his mother liv
in Washington, D. C. A Gescripucen of the
murderer waa sent out_to the police of all the
cities between New York and Washington
and five Central Office detectives were de-
talled to search the Jersey towns, They traced
Harris to Newark and thence to Cranford,
N. J. From there, keeping just about twenty-
four hours ahe of the detectives,
went to Washingdon. He was rye down there
and arrested, Capt. } usky sald by Detective-
Sergeant Weller. tectives ichaels and
Coughiin started for Albany yenverday to ast the
peony requisition papers to bring Harris

ck here.

 

INTOXICATED COP DEGRADED.

Stripped of His Shield and Lecked Up by
Chief Devery's Order.

A man refused to move on Just before mid-
night last night in FElghth avenue while
the police were dispersing a crowd that
had assembled arounda drunken negro who
was flourishing a revolver. Policeman Howard
of the Ninth precinct finally struck the
fellow with his club, whereupon the man
declared that he was 4 policeman, too. Then
he drew a revolver and threatened to shoot
Howard. Howard took the revolver away
from him. Half an hour later the man

appeared at the West Thirty~- seventh
atreet station intoxicated and said he
called around to make a complaint alnet
Howard, He shouted that he was a member 0
the police force and would get square with
Howard for clubbing him.

Chief Devery and Deputy Chief MoLaughiia
were sitting in the captain's room talking when
the drunken inanappeared. The Chief saw him

| exhibit a cut head to the sergeant at the desk

and told the sergeant to have the man
sent to the back room to have his head
washed. When this had been done he was
taken back before the desk, There he declare
that he was Policernan William A. Powers o
the Mercer street station.

“Why, Iremember you,"’ sald Chief Devery.
“You're a disgrace to the Polioe Department
You're the man who arrested that six-year-old
girl, Dora Callahan, for picking flowers {n
Stuyvesant Park. You were big enough to do
that, but vou were not big enough to help your
companions in this troubie."’

The Chief then directed Capt. Cooney to make
a charge of intoxication and disorderly conduct
against Powers This was done and thenin the
presence of forty policemen Powers was
stripped of his shield and locked in a cell.

Chief Devery sent for Policeman Howard and
asked him to explain why he had cipebes Pow-
ers. Howard said that he had done so and
taken away Powers’s revolver after Powers had
tried to shoot him. When asked why he had
not arrested Powers Howard said that he did
pes want to make any trouble fora fellow po-

ceman.

 

SOUGHT ARREST FOR PROTECTIUN.
Aw Old Negress Found a Protector When
Threatened by East Side Hebrews.

A crowd of young Hebrews fell in behind
an old negress named Millie Robinson as she
walked down Madison street last evening and
began to taunt her with cries of “Scohwartze”
and “Nigger.” Millie quickened her gait.
When she reached Montgomery street she saw

Policeman Tucker and appealed to hin for uf
At sight of the blvecout the crowd mel

away,

 Mistah officah,” said Millle excitedly, “I
Want to be 'rrested on u cha'ge of perteoshun.
This heah Jew trash been threatenin’ me.”

“Why, I can’t urrest you for anything like
that,” said the policeman. “If you had no
home and no visible means of support —"

“Dat’s it, mistah officuh, dat’s it, I aint go
ee means of suppoht, I aint got no visitin

ome, I aint got no nothin’. So you jest look
me up for :a@fe keepin’.”

She was taken to the Madison street station
and locked up as 4 vagrant.

DENNIS MALONE PARADE STOPPED.

Tt Wouldn't Have Improved Things om the
West Side, Chief Devery Thought.

The Dennis Malone Association, which has
headquarters at 318 Ninth avenue, went on its
annual excursion up the Hudson River yes-
terday. Part of the day’s programme was a
atreet parade at night from the pier at the foot
of Twentieth street, up and down the West
Side avenues and through the cross streets
in the riot district. Chief Devery nipped that
scheme in the bud. He had policemen éta-
tioned last night to tell the returning excur-
sionists that they could not parade north of
Twenty-elghth street. That spoiled the fun;
so the Dennis Malone Association voted not to
parade at all.

Something Wrong, Gen. O'Beirne Says.

The Morningside Republican Campaign Club
held a meeting at its club rooms last night at
4 Manhattan avenue. Speeches were made
by Judge Gilbert R. Hawes, J. F. Bennett and
Gen James R. O'Beirne. In his speech Gen.
O' Beirne said:

“The Republicans of New fork must keep

The newspapers are full of
the news of aracertot in our city. Something
is radically wrong, either with our civilization
or with the black race. We have guaranteed
rights and privileges to the black men and
to-day the Democratic party is trying to take
these rights and privileges away from them.”

The Hacketts Are Now for Peace,

The JohnC. Hackett Association, at their club-
house at Thirty-ninth street and Tenth avenue,
last night passed resolutions denouncing riot-
ing, and pledging their support to preserve
order if their services were needed. Members of
the Hackett Association figured prominently in
the fighting that occurred during the West Side
riots of 1898.

Police Vacations Stopped ia Brooklyn,

The commanding officers of every preoinot in
Brooklyn were ordered by Chief Devery last
night to holdin reserve the off platoons unti)
further notice. The Brooklyn policemen who
would have started on vacations to-day have
therefore had to tpone their holiday until all
prospect of trouble is over.

 

 

 

THE LARGEST LOCOMOTIVES.

 

Neo Others Can Compare With the New Iron
Horses Built for Mr. Carnegie.

From the Cincinnaltt Commerctal Tribune.

CONNEAUT, Ohio, Aug. 11.—The past few
days have witnessed the practical test of the
product of another evolution in the circles
of the iron horse, and now Andrew Carnegie
is king of the situation among locomotive
owners.

The latest big engine was built by a Pittsburg
firm. With the tender it weighs thirteen tons
more than the largest locomotive ever built
béfore, and exceeds all others in boiler capacity
by 500gallons. The total weight. fully equipped
and ready for a trip, is 391,400 pounds. Ita
ooiler capacity is 7,500 gallons. Exclusive
bf the tender the engine weighs 250,300 pounds —
The weight on the drive wheels is 225,200 pounds.
Its steam pressure is 220 pounds. Its heating
surface is 4.564 square feet. In all of these
points it challenges all competitors

These engines are not built for great speed

records, but for power. No test for great
speed is now being made. The part of the
Carnegie railroad on which they are being

used includes what is known as the “Hogback”
hill, one of the biggest graces over which trains
of ore are hauled In this country. The most
yowerful machinery t# necessary to carry heavy
rains froin Conneaut Harbor to Albion. When

once that point is reached it is an easy matter
to run on into the coal mine and furnace districts
of Pittsburg. The work of the new engine is

to haul large trains of ears to Albion, at which
place new trains are then made up for the lighter
engines which take the ore further South.
The large engines on the return from Albion
to Conneaut Harbor bring coal and steel rails
to the docks for lake shipment.

With a helper, one of the new engines can
make the grace, hauling from thirty-five to

forty cars The cars used will hold in the
neighborhood of 100,000 pounds (fifty tons each

Railroad officials compute the records of
engines i what they style units. The new
engines were startet up the grades first with
250 units. liext they carried 200 units over

the same grace without any assistance from

a helper engine. The record which these

officials hope to see made is 800 unite. It is

not likely that any engine will ever be made

that will carry a greater load Mp the Hognecs vd
? t

the boiler to the rear slopes toward the cab
The boiler is so large that it would he next
to impossible to work about it did it not taper
The average ciameter of the boiler is about
seven feet. Itis a notable fact that the tender

of one of these engines is as large as the averuge
locomotive of afew years ago. Into it fourteen
tons of coal can be loaded at once. Yet these
engines are not considered heavy coal eaters.
In fact, the amount of coal required torun two
of them is not nearly so much as was required
heretotore to run the number of engines which
were necessary to handle the same traffic.

THE SUN, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17,

i
“8

1900.
HILL FOUGHT AND LOST.

Continued from First Page.

siealaieaialatbed anata teagan
political and factional adversaries of Mr. Hill
have had very little to say concerning this
dominant trait tn bis political character. The
sharp comments, the bitter criticisms ae to
Mr. Hill being a quitter and a funker have come
frora Democrats who have been associated
with him since he entered political life as @
youngster in Elmira. it is known that these
friends have been greatly chagTined over his
disposition to run away from @ fight. They
acknowledge his genius to plan in seoret the
overthrow of a factional adversary, but, accord-
ing to their testimony, “some other fellow
must do the work in the open end court poll-
tical annihilation.”

Since Mr. Hill’s arrival here yesterday some
of his friends have proclaimed that they are
tired of such performances and that he must
act differently, and they have added that if he
does not they will be rid of him forever. Ina
word, they insist that he must go on with the
fight to nominate Comptroller Coler for Gov-
ernor and moreover that he must show his
activity for Coler and his opposition to Coler’s
opponents in every scene of the political dramas
If he does not, they aver, they will not again
be gulled into standing beside him.

This was the situation when Elliot Danforth,
one of Mr. Aill’s chief Heutenants, offered a
resolution declaring that it was the wish of
the committee that the Aon. James K. McGuire
of Syracuse be named as temporary chair-
man of the State Convention to be held on Sept.
11. Mr. Croker looked astonished. Senator
Grady, sitting beside him, was aghast. Mr.
Murphy seemed dazed. Chairman Campbell
and Secretary Mason, both Aill men to the core,
were solemn.

In a twinkling Mr. Alll was on his feet. “I
second the resolution offered by Mr, Danforth,”
he said. Ae sat down fe had taken the
plunge. Ale had declared war against Mr.
Croker and the other members of the anti-
Hill combine.

Mr. MoGutre is a Ail] man from his head to
his feet. He was Comptroller Coler’s first
champion, and Mr. Croker says that Mr. Coler
shall not be nominated for Governor, Mr,
fill appeared to be astonished at himself.
A dozen feet away sat the fon, William Fran-
cis Sheehan, the “Blue-Fyed Billy" of Aill’s
days as Governor of the State of New York.
Mr. Sheehan appeared to be serene, Ae acted
as though confident of victory. He was with
Mr. Ail) in this fight to the last ditch The
committeemen were buzzing among them-
selves. Mr. Croker, Mr. Murphy and Mr.
Grady bumped each other's heads as they
conferred over the most expeditious steps
to take to defeat the Danforth resolution favor-
{ng the naming of Mr. McGuire for temporary
chairman, All had been taken by surprise.

Then came the flare-up. It was led by Sena-

 

CANADA'S TAX ON CHINESE.

British Columbia Wants It Increased to 6500
to Keep Immigrants Out.

QuEsno, Aug. 16.—Since the outbreak of
the present trouble in China, the press and
people of Canada have grown more than us-
ually alarmed at the prospect of Chinese im-
migration, and loud demands are being made
upon the Government, especially in British
Columbia, for an increase of the poll tax upon
Chinese immigrants, At preeent the tax is

} but 6100, and the people of western Canada
are anxiour to have it increased to $600. Be-
fore he arrived in power, Sir Wilfrid Laurier
promised the people of British Columbia that
he would be guided by their wishes in this mat~-
ter, and they are now very indignant at his
refusal tokeep his promise, Sir Wilfridsays
that the people of eastern Canada are not pre-
pared to go as far as the Britiah Columbians in
the matter, and he cites the protest against
any poll tax made some time ago by a Presby-
terlan Assembly at Halifax at the instance of
its moderator, the Rev. Dr. Mackay, a Canadian
missionary from Formosa, who pald a tax
of $100 at Victoria for the right to bring with
him into Canada, the wife whom he had mar-
ried on the other side of the Pacific Oosan,
It is reported, too, that [1 Hung Chang, when
he was the guest of the Canadian Government,
was clever enough to extort from it a promise
not to increase the poll tax on his countrymen.
At all events, Sir Henri Joly de Lottiniére, the
present Lieutenant-Governor of British Colum-
bia, who escorted Li Hung Chang through the
Dominion on behalf of Sir Wilfrid Laurier’s
government, has strongly opposed the In
crease of the tax.

Western Canada is not only now in danger
of being swamped by Chinese immigration,
being nearer to China than any other civilized
country, but the low poll tax encour those
ands ot Chinamen to land {n British Colurnbia
with the ultimate purpose of gating over the
international boundary line into the United
States. It is said that cheaply as the Chinese
live at home, |t would take them a very long time
to save the equivalent of $500 each and their
passage money across the Pacific, and that
consequently the imposition of a poll tax of
that amount, would rid both Canada and the
United States of a great deal of difficulty and
trouble,

There ts certainly no demand for Chinamen
{n eastern Canada, and western Canadians
insist that if the yellow foreigners were as
numerous in proportion to popuetion in the
east, as they are in the west, there would be
a very loud demand for their entire exclusion.
It is considered quite remarkable, in view
of all these facts, that the Government refuses
to act, unless, in fact, it be true that they have
bound themselves by some promise to Tf Hung

“hang.

So far as the Japanese immigration Into Can-
ada ts concerned, the question Is In 5 fair way
of settlement, the Government of Japan a

ne to be quite willing to codperate wi
he Canadian Government in this matter,
and to restrict the immigration from Janan
to Canada. he Japanese Consul at Van-
oo.ver has recelved word from his Government
that the st p omlaration of Japanese laborers
to Canada will be prohibited, and it has recently
been offictally announced that not more than

 

five Japanese per month would be allow tor Grady. He began to speak in quiet tones,
to leave their country for Canada. A prop- A
onition te also pending for the establish ent | byt ashe proceeded his voice was resonant

arid he was unmistakably angry. He faced
Mr. Alll as he spoke. Senator Grady offered
an amendment to lay the resolution on
the table and said that never before {n the his-
tory of Democratic State committees had such
a resolution been thought of, much less offered
for consideration. The temporary officers of
Democratic State conventions, he added, had
always been selected by the committees the
night before the convention assembled and he
contended that Mr. Danforth's resolution was
contrary to the usage and custom of the party.

“1 can well understand, though,” continued
Senator Grady, “how it came about that this
resolution {s sprung upon this committee at
this time. Never has such a thing happened
before. But that little coterie consisting of
Senator Hill and McGuire and Danforth and
the rest got together in Mr. Hill's rooms in
this hotel last night and talked over this matter
with a few State committeemen and county
chairmen. They didn’t come out in the open.
No, they planned this scheme in secret. With
the sentiment overwhelming for Saratoga as
the place for the State Convention, they de-
cided to getup some other little conapiracy. No
Democrat outside of this little coterie has been
consulted about this resolution. It ts but
another evidence of the disposition of Mr.
Hill and his friends to get something by quick
and unforeseen and enap methods.

“I tell Mr. Alll to his face that his methods
are not conducive to harmony in the party.
To meet in his rooms {n secret conference and
spring this resolution upon the committee is,
in my Judgment, a detestable method of doing
things. Why were we not consulted? The
delegates to the convention have not ret been
elected. What Democrat ever heard of a
temporary chairman of a convention being
elected before the delegates had been elected
and that, too, nearly a month ahead of time?
What does this resolution mean? Does it
mean that Mr. McGuire should have a full
month in which to prepare his speech? Non-

of a system of poempecte providing for only a
temporary stay in Canada of Japanese com-
ercial Gevellers and others coming here on
usiness, while Canadians visiting Japan would
be satisied with similar passports,

 

THE VIPER MAKES 381.118 KNOTS.

Reaning at Two-thirds of Her Maximum
Pewer—A Coal Consumption Trial,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

PorntemovrTn, Aug. 16. The torpedo boat
Viper, which is fitted with Parson's turbine en-
gines, had a three hours’ trial to-day. Her
actual mean speed of six runs over a measured
mile was 81.118knots for two-thirds ofher maxti-
mum power, with only 244 inches air pressure
in the stokehold, It was mainly a coal con-
sumption trial.

Bhe also teeted her steering gear in (he yacht-
thronged Solent. The trial was satisfactory in
every way.

 

 

CLASH ON THE SIBERIAN COAST.

American Miners Who Landed There Fired
Oa by Rasstans.

@maTrun, Wash., Aug. 16.—Word comes from
Nome to the effect that a party of American
miners who attempted to prospect on the
Biberian coast were attacked by Russtans, who
surrounded and attempted to killthem. The
American fag was firedon. Only the prompt
action of the local Siberian Governor saved the
Americans.

 

ASSASSINATED IN HIS FIELD.

 

A Mississippi Fead Claims Another Victim
—Was a Witness in a Marder Case.

BrranNnonaM, Ala., Aug. 16.—J. W. Morehead,

a well-known young farmer living near Single-

ton, Miss., was assassinated in his fleld about

a mile from his home to-day. Who killed him

fs not known positively here. This adds an-

other chapter to an old feud which has been {fn
progress in the northern part of a for
several years. Morehead was one of the

ost important witnesses for, the State | “ense! I move to lay the resolution upon
fne'a murder_oase which will be called | tte. eee epee Oe
up soon in the Circuit Court Ale had —
received threata that his life would be Senator McCarren seconded Mr. Grady’s
taken, but e attention wea paid = thom TRe amendment. Mr. Hill fired back at Senator
community is aga are cited over the . »
old feud and the Sheriff of the county is out Grady. Fle was not at all flustered by this

time. He spoke in easy, confident tones. He
sald:

“There ts little In the remarks of Senator
Grady that requires a reply. The Senator
bas gone out of his way to speak of something
he knows nothing and could know nothing
about. I desire to inform him that there has
been no mecting of State committeemen or
county chairmen {n my rooms on this question.”

A great commotion in the rear of the room
interrupted Mr. Hill and prevented him from
continuing his apeech. Thomas J. Whitney,
State committeeman for the Thirty-second
district, whose home !s at Gouverneur and who
was represented in the committee by Charles
McSouth, had fainted and fallen from his seat.
A dozen of the committee quickly surrounded

ATRYING
POSITION

with a posse scouring the woods

 

SAID A NEGRO DID IT,

Little Girl's Story to Cover Up the Killing of
Her Brother by Herself.

Bramtnouam, Ala, Aug. 16.-——-Deputy Sheriff
Waldrop has returned from Palos, a mining
camp in this county, where he investigated
the killing of Harry Bridgeman, aged & The
boy was shot and a sister, aged 13, reported
that a negro eqtered their hore, while their
parents were absent and shot the boy. She
even described the negro. Neighbors sa
that while playing with the pistol the girl nate
dentally shot her brother and through fright
told the story of Edesto having done the deed.
The girl will not be prosecuted.

  
   
 
 

 

 

 

MURDERER WHITTICO | ARRESTED,

Says Interference im His Affairs by His
Wife's People Prompted His Deed.

Pana, Tl, Aug. 16.—Sidney Whittico, who

 

on Sunday last attempted to murder his wife “My position is a
and who killed his sister-in-law, Miss Drennan, | trying one'’ was the
at the Drennan home, near inberg, thi ‘ici remark
county, was arrest this morning north ot loak
this clty and {s in the county jail, surrounded | of a
bya stcong guard. For four days a posse of | model of a
men and four dogs searched for him, but] fashionable
they fost Ley) er t fa ganen at Berry: Whit- frm But
tioo having jumped a freight train 6 swore .
not to be taken alive, but was very meek when | there is less
arrested. He admitted his guilt and said he| jest than
was forced to do what he did by his wife's fam- j
ily's interference with his affairs. earnest in
the  state-
ment. It ¢s
TWO WOMEN IN A RUNAWAY trying to be
Thrown From « Wagon and Seriously Injured | on the feet
at Coney Island. all day, to
Two women (iriving in a light wagon at | be reachin and
Coney Island§ last night lost control of the} stooping hour
horse and the wagon struck a tree at Ocean | after hour from 9}
boulevard and Neptune avenue. The women] morn un til
were taken to Hunter's Hotel. One of them. | night. And that
who said that she was Annie Hartman of 58 is meager
Whitehal street, Manhattan. was cut on the & very meage
head. Her companion said that she was Kath- | Outline of a busi-
orine Rourke of the same address. She has a] ness woman's day. With many such
broken leg. a

women the ordinary strain of labor is
intensified and aggravated by a diseased
condition of the delicate organs, and
they hecome victims of that terrible
backache, or blinding headache, which
is so common among business women,

If you are bearing this burden, bear
it no longer, For the backache, head-
ache, nervousness and weakness which
spring from a diseased condition of the
womanly organs there is a sure cure
in Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription,
Half a million women have been per-
fectly and permanently cured by this
wonderful medicine.

“My niece was troubled with female
weakness for about four years before I
asked for your advice,’’ writes Mr. J. W.
McGregor, of 62d St. and Princeton Ave.,
Chicago, Ills. ‘ You advised her to take
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription which
she did faithfully for nine months, and now
we must acknowledge to you that she is
a well woman. ¢ cannot thank you
enough for the cure.”

Sick women can consult Dr. Pierce

7h oo om Address, Buffalo, N. Y.

The women had about $400 between them
and wore many rings. The police said that
the names and address given were fictitious.

 

FELL ON TOP OF THE BABY,

 

Little Girt and Aer Infant Brother Tembie
Out of a Second Story Window.

Elizabeth Walsh, the seven-year-old daughter
of James Walsh of 27 Hallet street, Astoria,
was holding her baby brother at a second-story
window of their home last night. The baby
leaned over too far _and fell to the sidewalk.
The girl made an effort to catch her brother
and also fell to the sidewalk. She landed al-
most on top of the baby and sustained a con-
tusion of the right hip. The baby's skull was
fractured, 1t was removed to St. John's Hos-
pital and will die

 

The Real Estate Board of Brokers
| uiring the news facilities of a trustworthy morning
prvticatton, together with a corresponding clien
ve designated Tar Sry their official News an
Advertising medium. There is printed each day «
| complete summary of Real Estate transactions, to-
| gether with @ list ef Real Estate Auction Sales }

SSS SSS StS SSS SSS
———— tt CC LLL CC CC
eee

recovered.

When quiet was restored Pevry Belmont
essayed to atop the fuss over the Danforth reso-
lution. It was a dangerous experiment for
Mr. Belmont. Mr. Hill had dropped into his
seat during the Whitney episode, and when he
saw Mr. Belmont on his feet and making @
speech he appeared to be more or lees amused
at the audacity of the would-be peacemaker.
Nevertheless, he listened attentively to Mr.
Relmont.

Mr. Belmont said: “I am quite sure that Mr
Danforth when he offered his resolution did
not dream of any division on the question.
We ought to be getting together, and I ask
that Mr. Danforth withdraw his resolution.

Mr. Danforth did not say a word in reply, but
looked innocent, as though Mr. Belmont was
right in his conjecture that no harm was in-
tended by the resolution. Mr. Ail) looked
over toward Mr. Belmont as if he believed Mr
Relmont to be out of his senses, Then Mr, Alll
proceeded with his peech.

“1 desire to repeat to Benator Grady,” he
said, “that there has been no meeting such as
he describes in my rooms here or anywhere.
Last evening some State committeemen and
county chairmen came to my rooma, as has been
usual for many years. We merely discussed
the time and place for holding the State Con-
vention. The gentleman from New York was
not there, Others were, and 1 can prove what
I say by them. It is no crime for my friends
to call upon me to talk over party affaira. Other
gentlemen stopping at this hotel had their
callers as well as 1. 1 wasn’t spying around
to see if they had more callers than lL We
only talked about the State Convention. 1
regret that the gentleman from New York should
intimate anything improper, but--—"

Senator Grady, interrupting: “Senator ain
in all your experience have you ever known 4
Democratic State Committee to select a tem-
porary chairman a month before the conven-
tion was to be held?”

Mr. Hill: “Yes.”

Mr. Grady: “When? Tell me when.
never was any such case.”

Mr. Croker spoke to Mr. Grady and sald:
“Tell him to name only one such case.” Mr.
ill did not reply to Mr. Grady’s question.
Both men were on their feet. Mr. Grady,
proceeding, said:

“Senator Hill, I have known you sinoe 1876
and in all these years you have been perfectly
familiar with party usage, and you know that
this Danforth resolution to name Mr. MoGuire
at this time is contrary to precedent and more-
over it is a snap affair and sprung upon us here
without consultation.”

Mr. Hill: “Is this committee meeting not a
conference?”

Senator Grady: “No, you have pulled this
resolution out of your hat. The delegates to
the convention have not been selected. Mr.
McGuire may not be elected a delegate to the
convention. Then what would you do?”

Mr. Hill—Then we could withdraw him. It
is a simple question. Shall we nme the tem-
porary chairman now or wait until the night
before the convention? It would give Mr.
MoGutre an opportunity to prepare his speech
if we selected him now. As to the suggestion
of the getleman from Suffolk (Mr. Belmont) that
Mr. Danforth should withdraw his resolution,
that {s a matter for Mr. Danforth alone to
decide.

Senator Grady (turning to Chairman Camp-
bell)—I make the point of order that Mr. Mo-
Guire has not been elected a delegate to the
State Convention and the chairman of the con-
vention must be a delegate (To Mr. Hill)
And I oan tell you, sir, that you are not promot-
ing harmony in the party by attempting to
jam through this resolution.

Mr. Hilli—This committee is merely making
&@ suggestion as to the temporary chairman
of the convention. There is nothing tn Mr.
Grady's point of order.

Senator Grady (quite savagely >I submitted
my point of order to the chairman of this com-
mittee and not to you, Senator Hill.

Chairman Campbell overruled Mr. Grady’s
point of order.

Ex-Senator Murphy then said: “1 desire also
to second Senator Grady’s amendment that
Mr. Danforth's resolution lie upon the table,
and 1 demand an aye and no vote.”

Secretary Mason called the roll. The vote
to lay Mr. Danforth’s resolution on the table,
according to Senator Grady's amendment,
was 26 to 28, Mr. Beaudrias not voting.

An analysis of this vote shows that Mr. Hill
has gained three votes in the committee since
the anti-Hill combine headed by Mr. Croker
was organized in June, and yet it demonstrates
that the anti-Hill combine still controls the
committee by u substantinl majority,

For instance, it is known that if Beaudrias
had been compelled to vote on the Grady amend-
ment he would have voted with the anti-Hill
people. The vote in the committee demon-
strates thut the Hon. Norman E. Mack of Buf-
falo, National Committeeman for this State,
does not carry Mr. Simon and Mr. Savage in

There

his waistcoat pocket. The division of
the State committeemen in Buffalo
was attributed to ex-Lieut.-Gov. Sheehan,

who has worked here like a beaver for Mr. Hill.
Then, too, the vote of Dowd of Salemanca to-
day was said to be due to the influence of Mr,
Sheehan. But beyond all peradventure the
vote in the committee to-day is proof that Tam-
many and Kings are working in perfect har-
mony and that Mr. Croker and his friends have
enough Democratic votes up the State to swing
the committee, and if there are no desertions
between now and Sept. 11, to control the State
Convention. One of Mr. flill’s chief Heuten-
ants sald after the committee adjourned:

“We would have won on the MoGuire issue
exoept for the conduct of Belmont of Babylon,
Beandrias of Yonkers, Rundall of Brewster's
and Conway of Auburn, all of whom pledged
their word to us to vote for MoGutre.”

Thus Mr. Hill was turned down again by
the combination organized to bring about his
utter humiliation {n Democratio State politica.
It should be said that Mr. Beandrias of Yonkers
explained to the committee bi« desire to be
exoused from voting by saying, “I am friendly
to Tammany Hall and I am friendly to Mr.
McGuire. Owing to inexperience I promised
to vote for Mr. MoGuire. I now know that
this procedure is contrary to oustom and I
ask to be excused from voting.”

Chairman Campbell then appointed Mr.
Mclaan, Mr. Grady and Mr. Sheehan a com
mittee to consider the representation of Rich
mond and Suffolk counties tn the First Senate
District Convention, Hitherto Suffolk, with
asmaller Democratic vote than Richmond, has
had a larger representation in the Senate dis-
trict conventions. The comnilttes revised
this to day by giving Richmond «sixteen dele.
gates and Suffolk fourteen delegates.

On motion of Mr. Danforth, the work of the
Democratic League clubs was heartily com-
mended by the committee, and the committee
also decided that “William R. Hearst, Presi-
dent of the league, is entitled to the faithful
support of all loyal Democrats.” The State
Committee then adjourned.

The county chairmen passed the afternoon
in conference with Chairman Campbell, telling
him their needs and the situation In their re-
spective counties. Most of them agreed that
they were dreadfully in need of cash.

The Coler boom looks to-night as if it had
been hit with a pile-driver. Yet Mr. Hill's
friends say they are to go on with the Coler
work and they threaten to take the war right
into Kings county. They assert that Coler
and his friends can win over the McLaughlin
organization at the primaries on Aug. 28, and
anyway they are to undertake the job, so they
say. Moreover, they declare that they are to
climb right into Erie county and smash Sena-
tor William Fleming Mackey's boom at the
primaries.

One of the best informed Democrats in the
State said to-night: “The Governorship? Well,
the Democratic candidates are in this order
Stanchfield, Shepard, Mackey. Where is there
a cleaner, a handsomer or a smarter young
Democrat than John B. Stanchfleld? Look
out for Stanchfield, I tell you.”

Mr Stanchfield at one time was the law
partner of Mr Hill in Etmira, and Mr Aill's
friends insist to-night that Stanchfield’s heart

7 pe ot P

 
    

 

#15 and $16 do great work
just now among our mixed sack
suits for men.

27 different styles to select
from,

It’s the very heydey of the
money saver.

Roorrs, Peet & Company,
268 Broadway, cor, Warren. .

Broadway, cot, Prines We mi
ay, cor.
200 ear. cor, 324, . Ce

and 54 West 35d St

 

is still true to Poll Mr. Stanchfield, how. ‘Me’
ever, has become quite friendly to the chief
members of the anti-Hill combine, and he has
insisted that if Mr Hill bad stood valiantly
by him at Syracuse {n 1898 he would have been
nominated for Governor in place of Augustus
Van Wyck of Brooklyn, and, moreover, that
he could have beaten Col. Roosevelt in that
campaign. Mr. Hill has explained his con-
duct to Mr. Stanchfleld at that time by saying
that the Hon. Hugh McLaughlin was the older
friend and one to whom he was greatly in-
debted, and so when it was represented to him
that Mr. McLaughlin desired Judge Van Wyck’s
nomination he had no course but to acquiesce,

 

NINTH CAVALRY BAILS FOR CHINA,
The Warren Also Carries Troasure—The Fifth

Infantry to Sail om Aug. 20.

Ban Francisco, Aug. 16.—Two squadrons
of the Ninth Cavalry, in command of (Col,
Thomas MacGregor, sailed on the transport
Warren late this afternoon for China. One
hundred and thirty-four men, under com-
mand of Capt. Mark 1. Hersey, Ninth Infantry;
Lieut. P. K. Brice and [Aeut. Mitchel and
bo all belonging to regiments now in China,

left on the Warren. The troo
on board by ror 3"? the transport dle. an
pou then as expected, as it took some time to
the treasure on her, Over $1,500,000 was
ae the Cree oe the were
ranspo a0, horses ‘
Third Cavalry, left for Chine this 4
and the Slam, with euppiien, iled thle after.
noon, TheSherman wi follow, being scheduled
to sail on Aug, 20 with the Fifth
gine Dattalion of which is now in camp at the

Brig.-Gen. Charles F. Aw
Quartermaster General of bere. as Z
rive from Cuba en route to China, where he

ave charge of the
partment under Gen. Chates “7 iso

P by his secre . E. E. Hagan of Ev.

vito. tnd, and Clerke Be 5 Downs of w : ine
ton ang W. H. Moses of Lansing, Mich. [t was
Gen. umphrey 8 intention to embark on the
transport Warren, which sailed th: ternoon,
but upon, arriv | here he fo ind 6 Warren

6
aese may decide to safl on the

 

MISS FAHR SAW THE MASSACRE,

Witnessed the Killing of 300 Chinese Cath-
oliecs in Tientsin—Her Escape.

EVANSVILLE, Ind., Aug. 16.—Mirs Tillie M
Fabr, who was governess in the family of
Charles Denby, Jr., at Tientein for two years, is
Just back at her home in Linooin City, near +3 «

here. She says that during the earty part of
the siege at Tientsin
oity. oC hratlage a opeign clipe ie
segs refure ta Gorges re ha provisions a4
w
on Rvasian black bread. ay Ware Tarens we Sve
en our wate tee
“Sy, were foroed to aFink beer." eats Mien Dube,
ss Fahr says she saw t
Chinese Catholics in the A. By we
sity, and stood in the unper window of ‘Gorden
Hall and saw all the Catholic chur: o.
On June 16 she, with a party of twelve, went
down the Pei-Ho in a Government steamer.
“The «tench of the dead bodies was so great,”
gele Fie vene “that every pe on board was
0 c
trip down the river. wee Oe Coarse

 

Artillerymem From Fort Adams Leave fer
China,

Newport, R.I., Aug. 16.—Battery 0, Seventh
United States Artillery, stationed at Fort
Adams, left here to-night for New York on the ,iim.
way to China. Theimen came over from the
fort in campaign uniform and were escorted to
the depot by the local militia and naval battal-
ion with two brass bands. All alongthe line of
maroh they were cheered by the people, who
come out to give them a hearty send-off. Their

horses and heavy@#tield ’
oar eene yilieldpleces preceded them

 

Gift of Wine for Wounded Americans.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.—Mr. Jackson, Chargé
at Berlin, has {nformed the Department of
State that Messrs. Nohn & Son of that city
have given five cases each of white and red
wine for the use of wounded American soldiers

and sailors in China, and that through the

urtesy of German officials thie wine Stn os

orwarded with similar supplies intended for

the German troops and will be delivered on

oars an American hospital ship in Chinese
rs.

 

American Bible Society Werkers in China Safe.

Dr. John For, Secretary of the American
Bible Soctety, received a cablegram vesterday
from the Rev. John R. Hykes, agent of the so-
ciety at Shanghai, saying that al! the society’
workers were safe. The despatch is suppo
to refer not only to the six foreign superintend-
ents, who are white men, but to include also the
native workers in the employ of the society.

Amertoan Hospital tn Japan.

WashIncTon, Aug. 16.—The Department
of State haus been notified by Minister Buck at
Tokio that the Japanese Government hua «tren

permission to the United States Government
© establish a United States hospital on Japan-
ese territory wherever it may select a rite,

 

FAMINE SITUATION IN INDIA.

Chelera Still Raging—Distress Expected (@
Continue Until After Autumn Harvests
The Committee of One Hundred on India
Famine Relief received the following cab)*
gram yesterday from William T. Fee, United
States Consul at Bombay and chairman of {he
Americo-Indian Famine Relief Committee
“Heavy rains have again fallen in the wee'-
ern and central portions of the famine district
The wasted farmers are trying to cult!a'4¢
their fields. Crops put in at the time of ‘h*
earlier rains are doing fairly well, Choler®
is still working havoc, It appeara that 'h¢
famine distress will inevitably continue ur

after the autumn harvests. We are provid é
many blankets, and the need of food and «lo'!-
mag fae shelter is very urgent.”

he committee received additional contr!
butions yesterday amounting to $680.35, whic!
makes the total of the fund to date $210,147 45

 

 

+e

Special food
for Brains

Grape-Nuts

Healthy Brains

make a fat
Pocket Book.

 

POSS SO 00OOO000O444444