BRYAN WELCOMED HOME,

4 FRONT+PORCH CAMPAIGN IN
KECH TO HIS NEIGH BORS,

OPENS
4sr

 

Night on the Capitol Grounds, at
which the Faston Campaign in Nebraska
Is Started — Bryan's Explanation of
the Attempt to Dodge the Silver Issue,
Lincotn, Neb., Aug 16.--The political fol-
oars and friends of William J. Bryan gave
him a cheering welcome this afternoon on
hie return home from the Indianapolis notifi-
ceremonies and his stay in Chicago,
accompanied by his wife and son,
arrived at 3:20 o'clock over the Rock Island
Rulroad. Several hundred persons crowded
= station platform and cheered heartily for
veratic candidate as he stepped from
sha train. Mr, Bryan pushed his way through
+e crowd, shaking hands all the while, to the
carriage. A procession was formed, con-
giating of the Bryan Home Guards and Con-
tipental Guards, both tn uniform, a band and
a score or more of carriages, and the march to
the Bryan residence on D street begun. J. R
Roveretgn, onoe Grand Master Workman of
the Knights of Labor, rode in the candidate's
carnage. Crowds lined the sidewalks along
the line of march, waving handkerchiefs and
cheering the candidate, who armiled and bowed
aan (f well pleased

4 good crowd had assembled at the home,
filling the front yard and extending out into
the street. Mr. and Mrs, Bryan made thetr
appearance on the porch together. Speeches
of welcome to both followed, A member of
Hl-Metallio League addressed Mrs. Bryan

Meeting at

le

catior
Mr. Bryan,

t}

the Dene

the

and presented her a bouquet of roses, Ww. M.
Morning, one of Mr, Bryan's lawyer friends,
waleomed the candidate, Then the crowd

 

cheered while the band played “Dixie.” When
the nowwe had subsided Mr. Bryan responded

as follows
‘Mr. Coalrman, Ladies and Gentlemen:
We are glad to be home again, for no matter
how pleasant our stay in other places may be,
ve Nebraska, and we feel a little better

» we do anywhere else. However pleas-
facea of others may seem to us, the
theae, our nelghbors, who have been
us for so many years, are more pleasant
than the faces of any others. I have had fre-
easion to express to you the gratitude
which wo feel
« with me in this feeling of gratitude—
titude which we feel to the good people
of thia city and of this county and of this State
for their many evidences of confidence and good
wi The fact that we have not a majority
with us in this

ant te
fave f

  

quent

ena

the «ra

in political agreement

that are often spoken by those who do not
agree with us politically. Every once in a
while 1 meet some one abroad who tells me
that some Republican when away from home
has said kind things. (Laughter and applause.)
I have sometimes been criticised for going
away from home instead of staying here and
having people come to see ma, but I have felt,
in the first place, that people could not come

here as well as they could go to Canton.”

{Laughter and applause)

A voice -We haven't got the money

Mr. Bryan -Well, that is not the only reason.
Tdnooln {s not in the centreofathickly populated
country, a8 Canton is, and our people have not
the means of travelling without cost [laughter)
as they have in some parts of the country under
some circumstances [renewed laughter and
applause), and I have felt that !t was a great
deal oheaper for me to go and see the people
than for me to compel them to come and see me
(Applause.) Even looking at it from a business
standpoint, looking at it from the standpoint of
those in our city who would find 4 profit in
crowds coming here, I felt that Lcoulddo more
good by doing that which would insure election
than any other way, for itis a great deal better
for this city to be the hoine of a President for
four years than to be the home of a Presidential
candidateforalitue while. (Greatapplause )

‘But in the discussion of public questions
in a great fight like this, we cannot stop to
measure the advantage of any policy to the
people in a particular section. believe that
the tight in which we are engaged is one that
concerns every citizen in this broad land. More
than that, 1 believe it concerns the people
of all the world. 1 believe that here we are
trying an experiment and that that experi-
ment, if succesaful, will be a blessing to the
human race everywhere, and that if the experi-
ment fails here there is no place where it can
be tried with better prospect of success, (Great

 

applause.) Not long ago a Republican was
er ng one of our people with the fact
that the Filipinos were looking to a

Democratic election for the securing of their
rights, and the Republican said, ‘Are you not
ashamed that the Filipinos are expecting ald
from the Democrats?’ and this man replie? to
the Republican, ‘Do you know of any people
in all the world who are fighting for liberty
who are looking to the Republican party for
heln at this time?’ (Great applause} The
Roers in South Africa are hoping for the success
ef the Democratic party because they believe
that thev have arightto expect the sympathy
of the American people tn their struggle for
liberty Great applause.| The Kepublican
y of to-c ay is not the representative of hu-
i rights, as it claimed to be forty years ago
ant those who are about to cast their first
as well as those who have voted before,

 

if they are endowed with inalienable rights,
Governments are instituted among men an
erive their just powers from the consent o
the governed, then this nat.0n has ho more
right asa nation to claim the ownership of
8,000,007 Filipinos, than one man has aright
to claim the ownership of another man. (Great
applause). Tne Republican party which was
not willing that a black man ehould be sold
for $1,000 now claims that a Fillpino can be
bought jor $2.50 the principle is exactly the
Same. (Great applause)

“But, my triends, you did not come here to
hear aspeech! (Criesot ‘Oo on’). Ishall have
time to talk to you on more appropriate occa-
sions. Let me renew now, the expressions
ol my gratitude for the many kindnesses that
you have shown me. The ambition of no man
ought to be considered when great questions
are at stake, Whether [ desire to be President
is not a question which you ought to think of
for a moment, The only question Is, Who in
the Presidential chair will best help in realizing
vour idea of what the Government should be
(Applause), If the Republican candidate will,
in your Judgment, do more for this country
than I can do for it, then you ought to vote
forhim. If, in your judament, I, as President,
will be able to do more for the country than
my opponent, I am entitled to your vote (Great
applause) It {s a question each must decide
for himself, I cannot feel unkindly, toward
those Republicans who think so much of me
that they would keep me in Lincoln all the
time, but [ can feel even more kindly of you,
who will give me leave of absence for four a
and let me carry out your will at the nationa
Capital.”

An audience of about 3,000 persons gathered
to-night at the State Capitol grounds. Vice-
Chairman Edmiston of the Populist National
Committee presided over the meeting. Helen
M. Cougar and Mr. Sovereign addressed the
audience prior to Mr Bryan, whose appear-
ance on the platform waa the algnal for pro-
longed cheering, He spoke about forty minutes
His address was briefly an appeal to Repubil-
eans to yote with the Democrats tn this carm-
paign. He urged that it was a duty Republi-
cans owed themselves to disregard differences
on economic questions and instead consider the
quenton of imperialier, which was forced into
the campaign by the Administration and which

| the people must meet and settle before any

I say ‘we,’ because my wife |

other can claim consideration.

NO QUARTER FOR SHEEHAN.

 

His Friend Senator Munzinger Net te Be Re-
nominated.

The Pequod Club, to which all the friends of
John C. Sheehan in the Ninth Assembly district
belong, held a meeting last night at which Dr.
Williams, who is Coroner's physician and a
Sheehan partisan, delivered a lecture in which
he berated Chief of Pollice Devery, charging

him with taking an active part in the campaign
against Mr. Sheehan

Senator Munzinger, who has been a loyal
Sheehan mand throughout the troubles between
Mr. Sheehan and the Goodwin-Smith faction
in the district, has been notified that Mr. Croker
will not consent to his renomination. Asser-

 

| blymen Trainor and O'Connor are candidates

| for

(ty doaa not mar the pleasure of our residence |
here, and ] want to take this opportunity to |

express my appreciation of the kind words | fion. Frederick 4. Gibbs, leader of the Ninth

the nomination, and the Goodwin-Smith
Reonte have a dark horse which they will put fn
he fleld when the proper time arrives. Some
of Mr. Munzinger's friends want him te run in-
dependently, and they have told him that prob-
ably the Republicans would support him there.

The Republicans say that they wont and the

Assembly district, who always knows what is
going onin Republic an circles on the West Side,
staid yesterday that {if Munzinger ran inde-
pendently he might possibly get a thousand
votes in the Senate district, which has a
normal Democratic majority of 6,000.

PETTIGREW 'S SPARP CAMPAIGN.

The Senator Well Supplied With Money for
Political Purposes.

Caicaco, Aug. 16.—Frank Crane of Water-
town, 8. D., chairman of the South Dakota
Republican State Committee, and R. W. Wheel-
ock of the South Dakota Republican Fditorial
Association, were at National Headquarters

| to-day consulting the managers relative to the

campaign in their State. According to reports
Pettigrew is well supplied with money and ts
working like @ beaver to hang onto his Sena-
tortal job. Where he got the funds {fs not
known, but Chairman Crane says he has de-
veloped unexpected resources since he began
his campaign

"South Dakota will go Republican without a

| doubt,” said the chairman. “The people are

to take these questions that preas upon them
for solut ind ask themselves, ‘What. will
the result ber’ When we say that Republican |
success menaces the foundation of our Govy-
eroment some Republicans laugh and say that

we are alarmists: but it is much easier to take
the second step in the wrong direction than it
{s to take the first step, and If to-day the Amer-
ican people declare that we can hold the people
of Porto Rico as sublects and exclude them
frorn the guarantees of the Constitution, it will
b> easier to take the next step; and if we dare
to exclide the people of Porto Kico from a
share in the Government in which they live,
we will deny our falth in a principle that has

heen fundamental tn this country for a cen-
tury and a quarter. (Great applause.) Par-
ties do not make issues; parties meet issues.

vise
now ten years since I first became a
this community and you will re-

 
 
 
  

memberthat in that campaign of 1890 the
juestion was the tariff question, That
question then before the country. That

 

e question which we discussed. Before
ie giiver question began to rise into promi-
ce und in the campaign of 1892, we discuased
the t suver Fee

1

 

tariff question and the
6 silver question more than the turiff

By 1804 the silver question hud so
in importance that it became the main
1 of discussion in this State. You will
rer ber in that campaign of 1894 we lost,
The Republicans carried this State and had
twoethirds of the Legisluture, but the silver
Question went on increasing in importance,
until in 1896 we hud the fight in the nation upon
the same lines that we had it in the State two
Years before and after two years of considera-
tion, the people of Nebraska had so changed
their minds that we carried this State by 13,000
majority. (Great applause.)
That was the change that took place after

   

a etudy of the subjects before the country
!f we ad had our way about it, we would have
in this campaign at this time, the same ques-
tions we had in 1804; but events have thrust
into the arena of py litics new questions. The
trust question which was considered some
as become more important because the Re-

party has stood sponsor by the cradle
trusts than came into existence in all

 

 

 

t rs previous to 1806. [Applause.j It
e fault of the Republican party that the
e ist Question is of more importance now than
‘ TAS { it ears ago
‘But the Republican party has brought
to thiscampaign a question more important |
than any. que-tion that merely involves the |
tem of taxation, the industrial system or
tre financial sy tem. ‘The Republican party
attacks the Tundamental principles upon which

 

Government

arty

+, and when the Repub-
at the very foundation of
injects into the campaign
(Great

 

re
strikes
government it
se of overshadowing Importance
ALLse It is not our fault that we have to

P new que tions now that we did not

ur years ago, or Six years ago,

fueht or ten years ago; tell them that they have
raled questions of such importance that they

’ ee attention and Democrats stand

ty ter ¢ iss every question that is vital
a the interest of the American people. [Great
hoe e can tell what the future has in store

tw reason, we can apply the rules of
evervday lie we know human nature, and
we Know that if this nation reaches a point
wher is willing to deny the universal ap-
T iration of the principles set forth in the Decla-
: t f Independence it will not be long until

se principles will not be applied in our own

and | want to warn those who toil
whenever in this country we begin to

neg the principles of self-government the
h vill be the first to suffer ‘Applause |
{ who to-day say that the dollar of trade
) vertor to the rights of the Filipinos will
hi « in a few years that money is more
; ! man, and that those only who
Ave uth have sufficient at stake
in the Government here. [Ap

 

contention is that our Government
d upon the doctrine that all men are
rated equal Destroy that doctrine and there
bs indation upon which a free government
‘o be built. If all men are created equal

or |

prosperous, silver is forgotten as an issue and
the State Is forexpansion. That means McKin-
ley and Roosevelt will carry the State.”

WILL RUN AGAINST SENATOR KRUM.

E. Watson Gardiner to Accept Independent
and Democratic Nominations.

GLOVERSVILLE, N. Y., Aug. 16. - Recently it
was said that Michael D. Murray of ‘Johnstown
was to be the Democratic nominee for Senator
in the Twenty-seventh district in opposition
to Hobart Krum of Schoharie, the Republican
nominee. It is now learned that the Demo-
crats of the district will Indorse former Aasem-
blyman E. Watson Gardiner of Amsterdam,
to whom has been tendered the Independent
Republican nomination for Senator. Mr
Gardiner has been averse to accepting the {n-
dependent nomination until he had assurance
that he would be indorsed by the Democrata
At the meeting of the Republican County Com-
mittee of Montgomery county a day or two
ago, Mr. Gardiner’s resignation as a member
was received and accepted.

 

MISSISSIPPI POPULISTS.

Full Electoral Ticket Put Out and the Kansas
City Platform Denounced.

New Orveans, La, Aug. 16.—Contrary to
expectation the Mississipp! Populist Conven-
+n has put out a full State electoral ticket,

SS

reaffirmed the Omaha platform, eiecte! a new |
State Executive Comm tee and warned the |

people of the country against the Kansas City

} platform. charging that the attempt to make

mperialism the paramount Issue {s the rankest
sort of deceit ani treachery, {ntenieito mis-
lead the peope from the main issue, which,
they assert, {s the financial question.

The Populists also announce ; their Intention

to nominate can i ates for Congress in all ba |

Mississippi cistricts. In 1996, e Mississip
Populists qgoereily supported Bryan for Preal-
dent, the Mi idle-of-the-Road canuldates get-
ting only 1,021 votes.

BOLTERS FROM BRYAN.

 

KANSAS
Men Prominent to His Sepport Foer Years
Ago Now Declare for McKinley.

TorrKxa, Kan, Aug. 16.—So far this week a
dozen men who were prominent Bryan sup-
porters in 1896 have declared for McKinley.

Two Republican coun conventions were pre-
sided over by former Bryan men. The Repub+
ican State Central Committee has a list of over
8,000 voters who suppo: ted B. yan in Kansas four
years ago, and who have declared for McKinley
and Roosevelt this year. The Republican com
mittee proposes to form local clubs throughout
the State to be composed only of those who
voted for eyes in 1496 and who are forthe Re-
publican national ticket this year.

 

Roosevelt Accepts the Invitation to Speak tn
Chicago on Labor Day.

Curcaco, Aug. 16 —Theodore Roosevelt has
accepted the invitation to speak at the Labor
Day picnic of the Chicago Building Trades
Counell. The following letter was recetved to-

ay:
“OYSTER BAY, Aug. 14.
**Messrs. Carrol, Long and Davis, Labor Day Com
it tee:

“GENTLEMEN-—It gives me great
aco’pt your Invitation t» anpexk orn on
Libor Day, the 8d of September Ul you
kinuly see Mr. Stewart regarding the details of

my coming? Mocweiy yours, on teneins.”
EODO ELT.

Soctal Democrats tn the Campaign.

The Social Democratic party arranged yes-
terday to conduct a series of open alr campaign
meetings between now and election {nm Manhat-
tan and Brooklyn, one to take p aceevervy even-
ing in each borough. On Monday atan open
air meeting to be held at the corner of Van
Brunt an! Dyekman streets, Brooklyn, Benja-
man Handford. the candidate of the party for
Governor, is expected to speak

Seffolk for Coler and Hill.

Rivernueap, L. I, Aug. 16.--It Is generally
accepted here that Suffolk o unty Democrats
are for Comptroller ( oler for Governor. Every-

where throughout t e county the Democratic
Jeaders are ex erenming themselves for Coler and
e

for Hill for State leader.

 

leasure to

Republican Chairman of Tennessee Resigns.

NASHVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 16—The Hon. A. M.
Tillman has presented his resignation as chair-
man of the Republican State Campaign Commit-
tee. He is the United States District Attorney
for midd.e Tennessee and having accepted the
chairmanship provisionally decides to resign
after consulting the Attorney-General.

 

,.
Senator Fairbanks to Speak tn Salem.
It was announced yesterday that Senator
Fairbanks of Indiana, who was the chairman of

the Committee on Resolutions of the Kepubli-
can Convention, woulddeiiver an address to the
ciuzens of Salem, Mass., on Aug. 30,

   
 

  

ri r

PARP TS RPT Sse
»

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

“ANTIS” INDORSE BRYAN,

THEY “ADVISE DIRECT SUPPORT" O
THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE.

 

 

Resolutions of the ‘Liberty Congress"’ Adopted

After a Bitter Wrangle on the Floor of the
Convention—Third-Party Men Do Not Yet
Give Up Hope of Having a Ticket.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Aug. 16.—The “Liberty
Congress” of the American’ Anti-Imperialist
League to-day indorsed the candidacy of Bryan
for President. The meetings were marked by
Sonsiderable friction, and when the body ad-
Journed it was conceded on all sides tha the
conference, while carrying out the purposes
for which it had been called, had not been
60 maneged as to be exempt from the charge
of partisanship. Some of the members be-
lieved that a more conservative action
‘n reference party candidates before
the country might have given the league a
higher standing with the independent thought
of the country and that it would have been as
well not to have indorsed Bryan and thus made
him the candidate of the league and the league
the tail of the Democratic national kite, Others
believe that the action commits the league to
the Democracy, and that it is unfortunate that
an organization, brought into being for the
purpose of moulding patriotic thought, should
have taken on a partisan character in ite first
national meeting.

The advocates of third-party action are beaten
but not discouraged. Though only a hand-
ful of them were here and that handful dis»
integrated under the arguments of the Liberty
Congress delegates till only nine advocates
of third-party action were left, the remnant
held a meeting this afternoon and determined
not to give up the fight. Last night they sent
out despatches to Thomas B. Reed, Senator
McCaffery and others asking each if he would
accept a nomination if tendered on an anti-im-
perialistio ticket, Not one of the men ad-
dressed made a reply, but the nine met this
evening and elected T. M. Osborne of New
York permanent chairman, and W, J. Abbott
permanent secretary, and then adjourned
the “National Convention” to meet in New
York city on Sept. 5. Mr. Ehrich said to-night
that the purpose of the adjournment was to

consult over the situation and nominate a
ticket at that time. ‘The grain of comfort that
the “Nationals” extract from the situation lies
in the belier that Eastern antis will not approve
the indorsement of Bryan by the league and
that they will be ripe for the nomination of a
true-blue anti-imperialistic ticket when the
New York meeting convenes,

The congress opened this morning with the
presentation of the unanimous report of the
Committee on Resolutions. The resolutions
as reported were:

“We believe in the Constitution of the United
States. It gives the President and Congress
certain limited powers and secures to every
man within the jurisdiction of our Government
certain essential rights. We deny that either
the President or Congress can govern any per-
son anywhere outside the Constitution. There
is no room under the free tlag of America tor
subjects. The President and Congress, who
derive all their powers from the Constitution,
can govern no man without regard to its limi-
tations,

“We believe that the greatest safeguard
of Hberty is a free press, and we demand that
the censorship in the Philippine Islands, which
keeps from the American people a knowledge
of what is done tn their name be abolished.
We are entitled to know the truth and we in-
sist that the powers which the President holds
in trust for us all be not used to suppress it.

“Because we thus believe we oppose the re-
election of Mr. McKinley. The supreme pur-
pose of the peopse in this momentous cam-
paign should be to stamp with their final dis-
approval his attempt to grasp imperial power
A self-governing poone can have no more
imperative duty than to drive from publio
life a chief Magistrate, who, whether by weak-
ness or a wicked purpose, has used {ts tem-
porary authority to subvert the character
of their Government and to destroy their na-
tlonal ideals

“We, therefore, {In the bellef that ft Is ea-
sential at this crisis for the American people
again to declare their faith in the universal
application of the Declaration of Independence
and to reassert their will that their servants
shall not have or exercise any powers whatever
other than those conferred by the Constitution,
earnestly make the following recommenda-
tions to our country men.

“That, without regardto thetr views on

uestions of domestic policy they withhold
eir votes from Mr. McKinley in order to
stamp with thelr disapproval what he has done.

“That they vote for those candidates for
Congress {n their respective districts who will
oppose the policy of imperialism

“While we welcome any other method of op-
posing the reelection of Mr. McKinley, we
advise direct support of Mr. Bryan as the most
effective means of crushing imperialism.

“We are convinced of Mr. Bryan's sincerity
and of his earnest purpose to secure to the
Filipinos their independence. His position
and the declarations contained in the platform
of his party on the vital issues of the campaign
meet our unqualified approval”

That part of the pronouncement that re
lated strictly to imperialism was heartily ap-
plauded by all the delegates, but when the
plank was reached declaring in favor of sup-
porting Bryan it was quickly evident thal
there was a division of sentiment on the sub-
ject and that a fight was at hand

Thomas M. Osborne, who had beem ad-
mitted to a seat on the floor, opened the ball
by saying that he would like to speak for those
who had seats in the convention. He said
that the convention appeared to him to have
mistaken the symptoms for disease and that
McKinley was not the only one who should
be held responsible for the condition of the
country. He deciared that both of the old
parties are in a@ sinking condition and that
a third party must arise to command the suff-
rages of the thinking people

Osborne was frequently hissed during his
remarks ani Mr. Ligeuthro of Dlinois inter-
rupte : him to ask:

What. i) Mark Hanna pay you to come here
and say that?”

A storm of hisses followed and the chairman
had to interfere to preserve order. Mr. Os-
borne movei that the clause Instructing for
Bryan be stricken out and the point was made
that he was not a delegate, but the chairman
rule! that he had been invited to speak. The
motion was not entertainei. Several other
speakers followe! in opposition to Osborne and
{feoon becarne clear that the committee's report
would be sustained.

wn were then limited to ten minutes
each, and a general discussion of the resolu
tions bexzan and was enlivened by a number
of exciting episodes tn which the advocates of
third party action and the Bryan indorsers
were antagonists, The principal argument
used in support of the committee's report was
that the anti-imperialists are for Bryan and
that they should not go before the country with
a mask on their faces. It behooved them to
be bold in the advocacy of what they believed
to be right, and !f McKinley and imperialism
were to he defeated Bryan was the only man,
under existing conditions, that could do it,
and there should be no concealment of the
purnose to vote for him

All the Bryan speakers were warmly ap-
plauded and there were frequent hisses when
contrary sentiments were being expressed.
Oswald Villers of New York opposed the reso-
lution and said, that when Bryan ts defeated,
the National party. men will be on hand to
rescue the Statue of Liberty from the wreck
from which Bryan and the anti-impertalists
will have brought down upon {t. Franklin
Pierce of New York city spoke in reply to Wil-
liam Lloyd Garrison's grandson in a speech
that brought the fire e said Garrison was
not a true representative of liberty and that he
misrepresented the anti-imperialista of New
York. The audience was worked up to a high
pitch of excitement by this quarrel of deacend-
ents of noble sires. Mr. Pierce said that if
men have anti-imperialism at heart they will
vote for Bryan

At the afternoon session Mr. Bridgman of
Massachuetta offered an amendment strik-
ing out «f the resolutions the clause tndors-
ing Bryan and substituting the following

“That, without reward to our views on minor
questions of domestic polley, we welcome and
advise the use of all honorable means of de-
feating the reelection of William MeKinley
and in order to stamp with their disapproval
of what he has done to establish imperialism.”

A debate, which occupied the entire after.
noon, followed, but the amendment was re-
jected and the committee's report adopted
there being but fifteen votes in the negative,
when the final vote was taken

Charles A. Towne, who recently abandoned
the Populist Viee-Presidential nomination,
addressed the league members to-night, speak-
ing of the condition of the parties through-
out the country and predicting Bryan's elec-
tion

\ number of reports are floating around
as to how the Indiana men obtained {heir cre-
dentials to the Anti-Imperialistic ( onvention
and how it carne that all of them seemed to be
original Bryan men. A Democratic county
chairman, who was here to-day, was a dele-
gate. He had with him credentials for a num-
yor of others

When asked how he obtained them he said
that he had received a letter from Mr. Mize,
Secretary of the Anti-Imperialists, asking him
to send him alist of ten or twelve men who might
attend the convention. He ac mitted that he
sent inthe names as requeste |, but that all were
of men who were anti-McKinley. The county
chairman saic hesuppose: that the same plan
of writing to Democratic county chairmen had
heen followed throughout the State to gat dele
eates

to

  

speecnes

 

 

When Our Grandfathers Were Shavers

sixty years ago they used X. Bazin's Sharigg Cream.
It is Just as pure and good to day,~—Ade.

uo

aw

 

HET NLR SLT OP es

 

HAS 86,000 TO BET ON BRYAN.
Mr, Hemming Wants Long Odds, Though—Al-
most 3 1-2 to 1.

The telephone at Republican State Read-
quarters rang early yesterday morning, and
when Luther B. Little answered it, the man at
the other end of the line said that he wanted to
make a bet on Bryan and that he was in a hurry
to place his money. Mr. Little said that he
had no doubt that the gentleman could be ac-
commodated and asked what his name was.
The man said that he was H. G, Hemming of
11 and 12 Mills Building, and that he had $6,000
which he would bet against $21,000 Republican
money, Then he said he would bet his $6,000
against $20,500 of Republican money, Mr.
Little asked the gentleman to wait a short time,
and Mr. Hemming said that he would keep his
offer open until Monday
Senator Thomas ©. Platt called at Head-
quarters yesterday and had a talk with Chair-
man Odell of the State Committee and Chairman
Barnes of the Executive Committee. Mr. Platt
said that so far as he knew there was room in
the fleld for everybody who wanted to be @ can-
didate for the Republican nomination for Gov-
ernor; and he added that none of the leaders had
expressed a preference for any of the persons
whose names have been mentioned so far for
the office Lieut.-<Gov, Woodruff'’s friends,
who are making more noise now than the friends
of all the other candidates put together, were
around saying that Mr. Woodruff was practi-
cally as good as elected. There were a good
many people who believed that Mr. Woodruff's
friends were deceiving themselves, but {t was
stated positively that his name would be placed
before the convention,

NOT WORRIED OVER THE “ANTIS.”

Repablican Leaders in No Way Disturbed by
the Indianapolis Mecting.

Cnicaaco, Aug. 16.—Party leaders at Repub-
Hean headquarters are not a armed over the
prospeot because the Antl-Imperialists’ Con-
vention has declared for Bryan, While they
have nothing {n the way of criticism to say
about ex-Gov. Boutwell of Massachusetta
and his colleagues in the so-called “Liberty
Conevess,” the backers of the Administration
are losing no sleen because of their deflection
“Routwell’s position on the expansion ques-
tion was discounted months ago. said Vice-
Chairman Henry (©. Payne. “His declaration
for Bryan was expected and will cause the
Republicans no uneasiness. It will have no
effect in Maasachusetts, and ff it cuta no figure
there it certainly will not anywhere else.”
“No one with common sense belleves he fs
Mkely to wake up some morning and find a
king or emperor enthroned at Washington,”
sald Col New, National Committeeman from
Indiana. “The Anti-Imperialists’ ( onvention,
even though it declares for Bryan, will not
injure the Republican ticket. On the con-
trary, it will help us in the West”

DOLLIVER TO BE SENATOR.

Gov. Shaw Expected to Announce the Ap-
Pointment Within a Few Days.

SBiorvx Crry, Ia, Aug. 16.-In an editorial
by George D. Perkins, former Congressman
from the Eleventh district in Iowa, who has
been a rival of Congressman J. P. Dolliver for
the appointment as Senator to succeed John
Henry Gear, the Journal to-morrow will say:
“Intelligent readers of lowa newspapers
have concluded that Gov, Shaw {ts about to
make a move on the Senatorial board. They
ave been looking over hia shoulder through
the newspaper spectacles and they feel satia-
fled that they know what that move will be
The appointment ofthe Hon. J. P. Dolliver, the
Tenth district member of Congresa,is confidently
predicted, With Mr. Dolliver’s appointment,
which it {» anticipated willcome within a few
days, he will resign his seat in the House of
Representatives aud the nomination recently
tendered him by the Republicansof his district
ao that his successor may be nominated anc
elected this year.”

ADOLF KRAUS FOR M'KINLEY.

 

Well-Known Leader of German-Americans to
Chicago Turns Against Bryan.

Carcaaco, Aug. 16.~Adolf Kraus, until lately
the law partner of Levy Mayer, and one of the
oldest and best-known Democrats of Chicago,
has announced his intention to support McKin-
ley. He will vote for the Democratic State
ticket on local issues and will bolt Bryan.

Mr. Kraus was & member of the Board of
Education under the elder Mayor Harrison,
and in 1801 led a@ bolt in the Democratic county
convention for the same man. Harrison was
defeated, but in 1893 ran again with Adolf Kraus
aa his campaign manager. fe was elected and
made Mr. Kraus his corporation rounsel. Mr.
Kraus {6 one of the most influential leaders of
ihe German-Americans

 

SIDNEY ¥. LOWELL FOR M'RINLEY.

Bryan's Attitade on the Philippine Question
Is Traitorous.

Sidney V. Lowell, a well-known Brooklyn
lawyer, who supported Bryan four years ago,
although he disapproved of 16 to 1, has come
out enthusiastically for the Republican can-
didates in this campaign
“I cannot be a traitor to my country, and Bry-
anism {is treason. Mr. Bryan's position toward
the United States on this Philippine question
is certainly traitorous, This anti-expansion
issue raised by Bryan will cost the Democratic
party many votes

Big Cargo of Sugar From Hawalil.

RAN Francisco, Aug. 16.-—The American ship
Erskine M. Phelps from the Hawalian Islands

arrived this afternoon with the largest cargo of
sugar ever brought & this port. The cargo
consisted o! 256,000 tons in 92,527 aacks. This is
25.000 sacks in excess of the largest cargo pre-
viously received here

Wheel Racing at Springfield.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Aug. 16.--Watson Cole-
man, L., A. W. champion for five miles, defeated
Jovn T. Fisher, the N.C, A. champion for short
distances, in a fifteen-mile paced race at the
Coliseum this evening. Time, 26 minvtes 69 1-5
seconds. Coleman took the lead at the second

nile and increased it to alap at the tenth mile.
At the twelfth mil» Fisher took @ gr at brace,
spurting and gaining faat, when he interfered
with his motor and waathrown. ‘Lhe race was
started again at that point, andCoieman hept
ahead the remaining three miles. Summary of
the races is:

One-Mile Amateur Handicap-Won by F. J. Cad-
well, Hartford, scratch; James Hunter, Newark, 15
yards, second; Ped Hickman, New Haven, Conn,
scrateh, third; BE. W. Farley, Springfeld, 20 yards,
fourth; A. L. Witherell, Holyoke, 85 yards, fifth; F.
lL. Thompson, Springfeld, sixin Time, 2 minutes
6\4 seconds,

Sp'cial Boys’ Race-One mile—Won by Harry
Marks, Nelson Wright, seoond; Louis Stratton,
third. Time, 2 minutes 30 25 seconds

Challenge Race-Two miles -Won by Harry Abell;
Nelson right, second Time, 4 minutes 443-5
seconds

Half. Mile Amateur, Open—Won by A C. Johnson,
Chicopee; FE. W. Farley, Springfield, second; Ped
Hickman, New Haven, third; F Cadwell, Hartford,
fourth; U. H. Minte, Chicopee, Ofth: James Hunter,
Newark, sixth ‘Time, 1 minute 4 3-5 seconds.

Fifteen-Mile Motor Paced Race—Won by Watson
Coleman; John T. Fisher, second. Time, 26 minutes
by 1-5 seconds.

 

Sliced Off a Fellow Laborer's Nose.

In a quarrel! at 943 West Nineteenth street
yesterday afternoon Leonardo Hastizo of 200
Chrystie street pulled out @ knife and cut the
no « of a fellow laborer, Iza Piagio, of 246
Elizabeth street, so that the injured member
hung down over the man's lip, The wound
was dressed by a@ surgeon aud Hastizo was
locked up.

Cousins, Miles Apart, Drown Same Night.

Yonkers, Aug. 16.—Stephen Peacock, the
seven-yeur-old son of George Peacook of 44
Clinton street, was drowned this evening near
the public dock at the oot oi Main street. The
body wa not recovered While the boy's
father was searchin jor the body at 10 o'clock
he received a teiegram from his brother at
Peekskill saying that his son, almost the same
age as Stephen, had also been drowned in the
Hudson at Peekski! to-night.

 

 

 

 

Vacation for War Veterans.

Bridge Commissioner Shea has given a ten
dave’ leave of a sence with full pay to all war
veterans in his department so that they can
attend the National Eocampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic, which is to be opened in
Chicago on Aug. 26.

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

 

The body of Edwin Mark Faust,the nineteen-yearold
son of the Rev, Herman Faust of £6 East 114th street,
was found in the North Kiver off 16¥th street yes
terday. Young Faust was drowned while bathin
at 155th strect last Saturday. Funeral services will
be held this evening !n the chapel of the Harlem Pres-
byterian Church

The Sheriff has received an attachment for $500
against Edwin and Milton Ruggles, who compose
the firm of Ruggles Bros., stock brokers, at $2 Broad
way, in favor of Charles W. Beckerand Albert Jacoby
for balance due on stock transactions $35, and on 4
note $465, The attachment was granted on the

round that they live in New Jersey. They have

en in business several years on the Consolidated
Eachange.

Eleven year-old Edna Burke of 232 West Twenty-
fourth street, while playing with two girl friends on
the roof of the six-story tenement at 255 Weat Twenty
fourth «treet, yesterday, fell over the cornice to the
sidewalk below and was instantly killed

He said yesterday: |

| Republicans in

   

eR)

AUGUST 17, 1900.

ITINERARY,

ROOSEVELT’S

GENERAL OUTLINE OF THE GOVERN-
OR'S SPEECH-MAKING TOUR.

It Will Begin on Sept. 5 and End in Baltimore
on Oct, 17-Senator Hanna Not Going to
Give Up Any Part of His Campaign Work
Because of Iil-Health—His Health Excellent.

The Republican National Committee issued
the itinerary of Gov. Theodore Roosevelt's
western trip of speechmaking yesterday. The
committee has arranged that Gov. Roosevelt
shall leave Saratoga by way of the Delaware
and Hudson Kajlroad at 6:35 o'clock on the

evening of Sept. 5, arrive in Albany at 7:50

o'clock and start for Detroit over the New

York Central at 10 o'clock. Here are the towns

in which he will make speeches and the States

in which he will speak, where towns have not
been seleccted, and the dates, so far as they
have beeu fixed:

 

   

Place. Date. | Place. Date,
Detrolt Sept. 6 | Colorado Sp’gs. Sept. 27
Grand Rapids.. Sept 7 Kansas ‘ Sept 28
South Bend Sept 4 | Kansas Sept 20
Chicago Sept 10) Nebraska \
Milwaukee or La | Nebraska. 2

Crosse Sept. 11 | Nebraska. 3
Stoux Falls, S.D.Sept. 12 | lowa ‘ 4
Yankton, 8. D.. Sept. 13 | iilinois.. 5
Aberdeen, S. D. Sept 14 | Indiana. es 6
Fargo or James | Ind ana..... . 8

town, N D..... Sept 15 | Indiana. ‘ 9
Bismarck Sept. 17 Louisville... ‘ 10
Helena, Mon.... Sept. 14 | Frankfort... * ie}
Hutte, Mon. Sept. 19 | Leaington . A it
Pocatello, Idaho. Sept. 20 | Oblo. ...-...- ee 13
Ogden, Utah Sept. 21 | Ohta....... ..0++ Och 18
Salt Lake City Sept 22 | West Virginia....Oct 18
Evanston, Wyo, Sept 24 West Virgioia....Oct. 16
Cheyenne, Wyo. Sept. 28 Baltimore ........ Oct. 17
Deuver Sept 26

This programme {s subject to change ao-
cording as the railroad requirements may
necessitate, It has not been decided, for in-
stance, what route Gov. Roosevelt shall follow
in going from South Bend to Chicago. Four
are under consideration. According to the
first, he will go by way of Jackson, Niles and
South Bend; the second takes in Grand Rapids,
Kalamazoo, Niles and South Bend; and the
third and fourth take in Grand Rapids, Elk-
hart and South Bend. These details will be

arranged when itis learned what route is most
available. On returning from Baltimore Gov
Roosevelt will arrive in this city on Oct, 14,
and his time from then on will be at the dis-
posal of the Republican State Committee
Major Lafavette Gleason, who has charge of
the Republican State Speakers’ Bureau, is
now making out his itinerary for this State.
‘The Governor will speak until the eve of elec-
tion, and it is expected that during his travela
through New York he will visit every county
in the State,

Chairman Hanna of the Republican National
Committee was at his desk in the Republican
National Headquarters yesterday as usual
He said that the only foundation for a report
cireulatea on Wednesday to the effect that he
was sick was the fact that the hot weather had
knocked hiro out a bit, and that he didn't feel
quite as strong in the afternoon as he liked to
As @ matter of fact, Mr. Hanna's health is now
as good as t has been at any time for several
years, and he has no thought of giving up any
part of the management of the Republican
national campaign

Among the visitors who called on Senator
Hanna yesterday was a delegation made up of
H. W. Wolcott, Col, John J. Deyer, Capt. C. H.
Causer, George W. Butler, Flovd Hughes,
William M, Reed. M. L. Sylvester, D. Lawrence
Groner, Willlam 8. Holland, H. G. Miller, Capt.
H. D. Nicholas, Mr. Currier and C. F. Hodgman,
all of whom were anxious to have a settlement
made of the factional difficulties among the
the Second Congress District
in Virginia. They had quite a talk with Sen-
ator Hanna, and Senator Nathan B. Seott of
West Virginia wae called in to help restore
harmony After they had gone away Gen
Adam H. King, one of the Republican candl-
dates for Elector in Maryland, ealled. Gen
King was asked what effect the reported de-
fection of Senator Wellington would have on
the vote in hie State. He said

“I have a very strong personal affection for
Senator Wellington, and therefore I would not
Join in any outcry against him. We have often
differed about men anid measures, but T still
regard him as my personal friend. If the an-
nouncement of his «efection is true I regret it
ceeply. I still believe that Wellington is a
Republican. Ido not believe that he could be
anything else. If, in this campaign, he should
take a position against the party I think it
would be the result of some {nfirmity of tem-
per rather than a change of political convio-

ons.

“Four years ago T was President. of the
Flectoral College of Maryland. We gave
McKinley 29,000 maioritr. I do not expect
any such malority this year. T think we will
earry the State by from eight to twelve thou-
eanc he Democrats have the advantage
of holding nearly all the State and municipal
offices. This gives them a small army of
workers and insures the  ucleus of a respecte
able campaign fund. Voters who want jobs
are likely to go with the party in power
There has been crudeacence of race pre-
fudice in Marviand which affects the minds ofthe
young Voters to some extent, and then there
{e some disposition on the part of the Renub-
licans to consider the result sure without effort
This is a erievous mistake. Over confidence
results in apathy, apathy {na lack of real hard
campaten work, and that is necessary in Mary-
land as in other States for the election of
MeKinlev.”

Chairman Aanna announced yesterday the
names of two more members of the Republican
National Advisory Committee. They are John
Durkee and Frank O. Lowden of Chicago

  

 

Dead in the Road; Ballet Hole in His Head.

The body of a man was found lying In the Old
Town road at Garretaon, Staten Island, yester-
day afternoon. Inthe man's right hand was a
revolver with one empty shell and over the right
eve wasabulle' hele ‘There was nothing in his
pockets to show who he was. The body was
that of a man 40 vears old, 5 feet. @ Inenes
in height and wetchin’ 200 pound, He wore
a black derby hat nmurchased of Philip Koope,
East Houston street.

 

 

E. ©. Gary to Boild a Memorial Churoh te
His Parents,

Ceicaao, Aug. 16.—Elbert C. Gary of New
York, President of the Federal Stee] Company,
is to build a Methodist church at Wheaton, IIL,
asa memorial of Mr. and Mrs. Eraatus Gary, his
father and mother, who fora lifetime resided in
Wheaton and were closely identified with the re-
ligious life of that place. It is the intention of
Mr. Gary that the new church shall be the hand-
somest building In town. The gift will cost be-
tween $50,000 and $75,000.

 

 

Navy Yard Notes,

Lieut. Hill has been ordered to duty as ohief
engineer on the training ship Dixie, now at

the Navy Yard tin Brooklyn.

Medical Director G. W. Wood will leave the
Naval Hospital in Brooklyn to-morrow. He
will be succeeded tn Brooklyn by Medical Di-
reotor H. J, Babin,

On Sent, 8 the Navy Department in Wash-
{ington will open bida for the new electric mnump-
ing station to be erected at the Naw Yard Th
Brooklyn. The appropriation for this
is $80,000.

work

 

They Had a Stolen Safe.

Thomas Callahan, 19 years old, of 194 Sackett
atreet;,fand Richard Smith, 18 years, of 180
Fifth avenue, were arrested early yesterday
morning by Reundsman_McLaughlin and Po-
licema: Shields of the Butler street station in
Brooklyn with a 40-pound safe n their posses-
sion stolen from Charlies Struiss's store ai 284
Sackett street The safe contained some
jJewelr anda sma'l amount of money. The
trisonera were held for examination by Magis-
trate Bristow. i

More Steel for the Sabway.

A second consignment of steel for the Rapid
Transit Subway, consisting of seventy-eight
columns and 4,000 rivets, or 40,360 pounds, was
shipped from the Keystone Bridge Company's
works at Pittsburg yesterday, This makes
a total of fifty-five tons now on the road here,
And in addition to that, Chief Inspector Aiken
wrote yesterday that 1,201,770 pounds had
been rolled, tested and accepted

New Protestant Episcopal Church and Rectory
in Harlem,

Plana were filed with the Building Department
sestervay by James & Lee, architects, for a
five-story and basement ree ory and church for
the Harlem congrega'‘ion of the Protestant
Episcopal Church o the Archangel, of which
the Rev. George S. Prattis the rector. The new
buildings will be on St. Nic olns avenue, fifty
feet north of 14th street, and will be of brick
and stone. They are to cost $50, 00

St. Rocco's Feast Day Kept.

It was St. Rocco's great doy yesterday, and
most of the day his fvithful followers in this
city paraded. The San Rocco Society of St
dJoachim’'s Church in Roosevelt street carried a
amal statue of the saint in their ;arade. Their
wives and deughters marched, most of them,
barefooted, and some carried lighted candles
nearly six feet long. Thev hada band tn their
parace, but St. Rocco's adorers fromthe Chureh
of the Transfiguration In Mott street had two.

John Madden Not Sick.

Denven, Aug. 16.--John P. Madden denies re-
porses iliness. He will return to New York
oruy.

   
   

 

TRADE MARK

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Aerated waters are in daily incressing use, handicapped always by the cost,
the cumbersome bottles, the difficulty of safe transportation, and the troub e of

returning ‘‘empties.’’

A SPARKLET bottle and enough SPARKLETS to aerate

| 200 drinks take up no more room than one ordinary carbonic water bottle

 

Mineral tablets and fruit syrups furnished.
Plain bottles, $1.50 upwards. Syphon bottles, $2.50 upwards

SPARKLETS, pts, 25 cts. Qts., 40 cts

All Druggists.

(Boxes of 10)
Write for Booklet.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

  

Said That John W. Gates Wants to Buy It
—Town Claims Title,

GLEN Cove, L. L., Aug. 16.—It 1s likely there

| The Admission of

will be a dispute in the courts over the title to |

the strip of shore front from Matinecock Point
eastward to Peacock Point, which includes
the waterfront at East Neck and a tract of
beach between Dosoris Pond and Long Island

Sound. The property is about 150 feet wide
and half a mile fh length, and connects East
Island with the mainland. The town au-
thorities say that the title to the property Is
vested in the town and for over a year have
had a lawyer at work searching the title so 4s
to clearly establish their claim
The matter was agitated

of negotiations made in the interest of John
W. Gates of the American Steel and Wire Com-
pany for the purchase of the Edward Weeks
estate at Peacock Point. Mr. Gates's attorney

has been busy searching the title, but has not |

yet made areport. There is a plece of sunken
meadowland in front of the Weeks estate
claimed by the town, and it is belleved that the
courta will be called upon to establish the ques-
tion of ownership.

The residents of the town want the plece
of shore front turned {nto a public park

 

TRREF BOY BURGLARS CAPTURED.

Five Harlem Policemen Find Them After a
Two-Hour Search,

A citizen rushed Into the West 125th street
police station last evening at o'clock and
told Sergt. Hulse that three boys had been

recently because |

seen to climb a fire escape and enter the tov |

factory of Chaffee & Selchow, at 451 Wast 125th
street. The sergeant sent @ roundsman and
four policemen to capture the three ve
They climbed the fire escane and after search -
jos until 11 o'clock found three small boys
uddied together on the roof :

At the station the boys said thay were Wil-
Mam Oppenheim, @ years old, of 1343 Columbus
avenue: Edward Debenberger, 11 years old,
of 625 Weat 123d street, and Hugo Wall, 8 years
old, of 82 Lawrence street. The police said
that the bovs had been arrested before for
burglary. They were sent to the Gerry so-
clety for the night.

NOT HARRY PAYNE WHITNEY.

The Young Man Sick tn Arizona Is of Another
Family.

Newport, R. T, Aug. 16.-A report which
reached here this morning that Harry Pavne
Whitney was il at Tucson, Ariz., caused some
merriment in the cottage colony. Mr. Whitney
isin Newport and enjoying wood health. He
was on boa'dhis ya ht Yankee this morning
bright and early expecting a race

The W itn-y_sick In Tucson is of another
family. Harry Payne Whitney is here and hia
brother, Payne Whitney, is in Scotland

THE MAIN AT ERIE BASIN.

Towed There Yesterday From the Weehawken
Flats--Aground on the Gap.

The steamship Main, one of the three North
German Lloyd ships that were bur ved on the
night of the big Hoboken water font fire, was
towed from the Weehawken flats to Erie Basin
yesterday afternoon. When put inside the
sin the Main went aground on the gap
will be floated at high water this morning.

Gould Thief's Sentence Deferred.

Charles Wildam Blair, who pleaded guilty
a few days ago to an indictment of grand lar-
ceny fn the first degree, charging him with
stealing jewelry from the house of Edwin Gould,
at 720 Fifth avenue, was to have been sentenced
yesterday morning by Judge Cowing in Gen-
eral Sessions. The Judge announced, how-
ever, that sentence would be deferred for one
week. Thomas Dinnean, of counsel for Blair,
said that he understood that the reason for the
postponement of sentence was to give time to
discover who Blair's confederate was

His Fourth Medal for Life Saving.

Aupany, Aug. 16.—Seaman Joseph Griffin
of the United States steamer Fortune, now in
Albany to secure recruite for Uncle Sam's
navy, will receive one of the medals eiven
by the State for life saving for the rescue trom
drowning of George H. Chapman, who
fell overboard while attempting to board the
Seaman Griffin, who

Fortune here on Aug, 10,
was with Dewey at Manila, now possesses
three medais for life saving. The first he got
t Atlantic City and the other two in Hong
ong, where he rescued a man and a woman

 

Commissioner Evans to Speak in Maine.

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn, Aug. 16.—-Pension Com-
missioner Evans telegraphs here that be will
stump Maine, This shows that he is not to be
sidetracked as was rumored

She |

WHO OWNS THIS STRIP OF LAND? |

         

BUYERS MAY SPLIT UP,

the Wholesale Men, a Bene
of Contentton,

At the last session of the fourth annual con-
vention of the Buyers’ Association of Amertoa
held at Hotel Albert last night, the opponenta
of the amendment allowing wholesale buyers
to become members of the association, entered
Protests against the acceptance of the vote
in its favor Louis M. Meyer, leader of the

opposition, claimed that the vote was illegal.
on the ground that the ballots mailed to the
flection committees wera not sealed and were
opened at a time not authorized by the bv-
laws of the association, and that no proof was
offere it the ballots were cast by

 

to show 1

  

the persons Whose signatures appear on them
Mr. Mever did not prefer any charges of fraud
bur insisted that the vote be declared void ;
His sworn protest was overruled by the preat-
dent and a motion made to throw aside the vote
wasplacedonthetable. Asthe situation stands
how, the new amendment allowing wholesale

buyers to join the association is {n force. The
members opposed to the amendment talk of
withdrawing from the association
CUSTOMER DIDN'T LIKE ITALIAN.
So When the Butcher's Boy ‘“Jabbered at
Her’ She Cut Him With the Meat Cleaver.

Mrs. Annie Nash, an Irish woman, of 2028 Firat
avenie, Who doesn't like to be talked to tn Ital-
fan, went to an Italian's meat market at 2041
First avenue last night for a steak Joseph
Burnado, the butcher's boy, who couldn't talk
English or Irish, asked her in his native tongue
if she was looking for chuck or round Mrs
Nash thought that possibly the boy might be
ealling her names, so instead of giving him the
benefit of the doubt she picked up the meat
cleaver and whacked Burnado, slivering off
about an ounce of lean from his shoulder.

The boy's wound was attended to by an am-
bulance surgeou and Mrs Nash was locked up
in the Fast 194th street police station. Sha
said that she did not mean to eut the boy, but
had intended to give him a little cuff with the
flatof the cleaver because he Jabbered at her ao

APPLETONS' REORGANIZATION.

Every Creditor of the Poblishing House to Be
Paid in Fall.
Cannon, chairman of the Reor-
ganization Committee of D. Appleton & Co,
stated yesterday that every single claim which
was to he extended under the reorganization
of D. Appleton & Co. had been deposited with
the Metropolitan Trust Company of this elty
The creditors are to receive 100 centa on

the dollar There were 128 banks and trust
eompanies interested. William Nelson Crom-
well, counsel for the Reorganization Committee,

dames G

   

will take ediate steps to organize a new
varporatir » take over all of the asseta from
the receiver, J. Hampden Dougherty

The reorganization givestoD. Appleton 4
Co. ample capital to carry on its husiness, and
it is expected that Mr. Cannon will hecome the
chairman of the Board of Directors of the new
corporation and will have charge of its finances

STOPPED THE FUNERAL.

Coroner's Physician Donlin Suspects Kate
Reilly May Have Been Mardered,

The funeral of Mrs. Kate Reilly of 218th street
and Ninth avenue, Kingsbridge, was stopped
yesterdiy by Coroner's Physician Donlin, owing
toareport having been circulate! that Peter
Woods had beaten the woman list Sunday
night with an iron bar. Woods keena a board-

ing house and Kat’ Reilly was em»loved there
She di don (ue day and aponlexy wasciven

as the cause of death) The neighbors told the
police that eri s of murder were heard coming
fromthe house o Sunday. Wh on Dr. Doniin

 

   

yosterday he ordered Woods's ar
pd the funerid. The woman's
moved to the Morgue and an au-
emad

heard of t
rest nd
body wasr

topsy willl

SCHWEINER SASS NOT GUILTY.

The Bathhouse Attendant Charged With Steal-
ing from Frank Mi Kee Held.

William Schweiner, 16 vears old of Gravesend
was before Mag strate Bi tow in the Adams
etre st court, Brooklyn yesterday,
chorged with stealing $420 and a gold watoh
and chain trom rauk MeKee, the tleatrical
manager. The vieft was committed on July

police

28 while McKee . bathing at Sea Gate,
Cone Isian He gave the property to
Schwel ier, who was a bathhouse attend nt, t

care for while he was in the water. Schw (ner
dsarpeared. tie was traced to Chicago and
arrested there on Monday He plea.ed noe

to amia-

aul ty t e charge and was held fo: e
tion on Tuesdays