So

2
<“ Oe bn

Sas =

4

are
=.

I A i EP EGE GT OEE EO IO BANE OO Pm I
es aes - “s Sede _

ei

PBI a *
Sirsa rte

—
ma as Slt me ae
Pia aL Re ee

  
   
 

ce
caning ap

=p

ee ee eee ene

a
=

ees
ee ee

er See
male ote
eS Se e +

 

hea, 329
en ee ne A i

Ne es D
SN SER re -
eae we ee SS
OE A LY RL ERR TNE TE SN MTR I ek

 

a ee
= 4

ee
eae
en ke

=

ae Sisk Pach
wpcpuiewaecanns

 

j
cy

aE

} 1
\ mol

“ht

aS

gti

mY Mf:

a

‘ma ta

eae
yf

ey ee
ne ppeeaee
ete
————

= ee

Ne Ptah

eee ce
or panes
eee

ey

ap ws

stp

 

   

A GREAT GRANGE PICNIC,

 

 

time. We knock no longer. We

the key.

“lu developing the

ou farmer will play an important part

posseasions of the East, |

 

THREE JERSEY COUNTIES MEKT AT Trends, the \ ugh is a great civilizer
’

SWINEFIELD BRIDGE.

New Ver-

 

Thea There Was So hing Doiag-
sion of the ‘‘Eatly Worm’''-A Fakir
to the Woods—Farmers Didn't Hite at the
Jimeracks—Fenece Mending and Speeches.

The great Grange picnic of Essex, Morris and

Union counties, N. J, was held at Swinefleld

Bridge yesterday, Swinefield Bridge has been

the place of theese annual picnics for twenly

years. It apparently was selected because |
it ie as far aa possible from every point to be

reached by rail or trolley. ‘Ihe bricge is a

simple iron structure painted white, which |

crosses the Passaic Kiver near Tuttle's Grove. |

The grove extends along the bank of the river

for a mile or more. It is an oak grove, where

the trees do not grow very close together and
quite free from underbrush

From three to four thousand
with their wives and children, gathered at the
grove yesterday In response to the call of te
committee duly appointed by the Patronsof

Husbandry. The call ordered the picnickers

to assemble at the grove at 10 o'clock {n the |

morning. Not a few of them were on the
grounds at sunset Wednesday night They
had come forty miles or more in great ak
wagons provisioned for a three cays’ Jour-
ney. They came with their wives and sons
and daughters and grandeohildren and the}
hired men. They made the plenic the ocoasion
of a general holiday outing for everybody on
the farm as a reward for the extra labors of |
the haying season. The patriarchs themselves, }
long whiskered and keen of aye, drove the |
heavy teams and directed all the movements
of their tribes

Daylight found thin streams of smoke eurl-

 

Jerseyroen,

 

ing away out of the onk trees as these early '

grangers prepared thelr breakfast |
“They do say,” remarked oue of the longest |

whiskered of them, recounting his ey; erlences

to a group of friends about the grand sta d
late in the afternoon, “they do say that the early
bird gets the worm, and | guess ita right. If
there was any kind o' worm that didn’t get
out of the trees into the old lady's cook!ng |
this morning, I never heard of it. But the |
Lord blessed us with great appetites and noth- |
ing went amiss.”

The first comers after the over-mMaht campers |
were the fakira. The mists were ecill drifting
down the sluegish river when the noisy bat-
talion clattered across the bridge. The variety
of things they had to offer was not to be sur
passed by the combined stocks of the pedilers
of Fulton street, tester street and Park row
There were among them many whose faces
have become familiar to those who frequent
those thoroughfares. The committee tssued
lieenses to all of them, on payment of a small
fee, to dispose of any wares they pleased on
the grounds so Jong as they sold no intoxteat-
ing drinks. The exception waa not made,
{¢ waa unofficially explained, because the ple-
niokers are overwhelmingly strong in their
destre for absolute total abstinence, but “because
any man who wanted to drink more than he
could bring in his pocket oughter be kept from |
it.°

There were

 

washtubs and more washtubs |

filled with joe and with bottles of ginger pop, | iton Phuewe

“anaes” and “plain sody There were barrels
of ice cream, great boxes of cake, bags of pea-
nuta and huge tanks of lemonade, There were |

thousands of toy balloons, dolls, squawling
bladder toys, polilical coat lanel buttor dl
all the other gimeracks with which the sil)
merchant hopes to cozen the skylarking clod
hopper

The grangers consumed incredible quantiiies

of the “soft stuff” and ice cream, but most of
them would have nothing to do with the t¢
and baubles, despite the tearful appeals of the
vyoungaters

From 10 o'clock until late in the afternoon
an unbroken procession of vehicles of all sorts
poured into the entranos of the grove, running
the gauntlet of the shrieking fakirs the
teams were drawn by any number of horses
from one to six, and were tn all stages of dilap-
idation. By 3 o'clock in the afternoon there
was scarcely any hitching room left in any |
part of the grove within half a mile of the en-

Takes

8 | Richardson «
Lackawanna

morning
engine and tender of
caboore and three loaded freight cars of the

pies wort

have the highest respect fo

noble men who carry the light of the

into heathan lands,

whether it would not be better to
ers there first and let the goed missionary
It would at least teach the heathen

aries are to be

low.

the crops and not the mission

euten,”

but I h

ave

In conclusion the epenkér sald:
me to say who ts responsible for the better con-

ditions
milght ren
ilantjustnow and that

nd you that

my

It la

My
It

more than a missionary sermon
r those good and

ioe pe

doubts

send the farm-

fol-
that

not for

This je not a political gathering or |
Kepublicans are jub-
the Lurd Almighty seam

again Inclined to let the Democrats meet a crue

fate."

Judge Lander spoke of the relations of the

lega
capital from the State

| farmer to the banker and urged those present
to oppose the bill which aimed to reduce the
Tato of Interest, ag such & measure drove

DOUPLE SMASH GOING TO A FIRE,

Vogine Ran Into

his mouth
bedclothes and set the
to find his shirt blazin

Ithap

 

tm afire

a Car and an

losarance
Patrol Wagon Uroke an Axte.

A fire engine was disabled and an insurance
patrol wagon smashedin responding to a second
alarm for a fire in the five-story tenement at 358
West Vorty-eighth street yesterday afternoon,
Louis Chelfletz had fallen asleep on a bed in the
third story of the tenement with a cigarette in

The cigaretio fell out among the

Cheifleiz awoke
g. He dashed out of the
room and turned {n an alarm himself

sdthatevery engine but one of those

  
 

have got)

|
|

|
}

|

which would answer a single alarm from this j

bos Was ata tireinthe 4. B
dry at 612 to 644 West Fifty-fifth street

Ackley Tron

Foun-
The

foreman at the remaining engine house there-
fore sent in a second alarr Tire Insurance
Patrol No bad Just passed 478 Ninth avenue
on its way to the fire when the front axle broke

The wagon bo
were thrown out t}
footear ng partofth

Engine ¢ hieh ts
engines recently pro«
in tur rr
avenue ‘
aventie car
horee so badly injured

 

 

Mided

 

the tence

to the fire or

PPLUGGE'S

 

They

ey

wed for the dep

third st
ia

that

  
 

fellto the ground and thes
went onto the fire on

eirapparawis

en

withthen
the new six-ton

partment,
reet » hig
thbound. Fig

and the

The pole was broken
he could not we
The firenen fefethe engine and made their w

 

   

rT The blaze in the ten-
arnent was put out with a trifling loss

WHITE TIGHTS,

Were Said to Be Improper tn Newark

Hay, and Thea There Was Troable

George MeCarthy,

Preaident of the Hudsen
for the Prevention of Cruelty

uniawfully

County Society

to Animals,and William Leifer were summoned
before Police Justice Murphy yesterday to
aneawer a charge that they had

interfered

with the attendants of a bathing

house in Newark Bay kept by Henry Vreeland

The testimony showed

 

Mhugee,
land's establishment

sisting of a bine
he appeared in
told
they
they
which

ersey
this

said was the

the

charge was

that last

ifer and MeCarthy

and wi
corttume

five

day

went to
Phugee, wno proposed
to bathe, carried with him a bathing sult con-

ite ti

the

ai\ta

Ernest
Vreoe-

When

attendants

costume,

\

him he would not be allowed to wear it.

produced a blouse and trousers,
regulation
cents

which
for
-Anage

refused to wear the costume and then, as he

alleges, two atts
back to the

that MeCarthy ard I

| alleged that Vreeland
a club and that he wa
Phis Vreeland denied

\ cided that

attendant
Mur a

\
Justice ¢
» establist

the right t
roper
t suspended

 

tense

CHASED BY A

bathhouse It

fifer
had gi

uch rule

WILnpe

ven

“4 AS

AT

one

idants undertook to drag him
was at this
interfered

point
They
of the

about to use

Vreeland had

he deemed

TRA

He found MeCarthy and Leifer guilty,

IN.

| Regaolar Freight Raced to Keep Ahead, bat

Had to Stop for an Open Drawbridge.

Railroad
Twenty-one

16 A wildeat «

Dover, N. i, Aug
ran into freight No. 78 at a po
Roynton

» about

» loaded
the coal

nt alongside the

train

and

stone works, on the
1 ot

it train | as much as $15,000 a year

k this |
gondolas, t

the

other train were piled on both the east-bound

and west-bound

tracks and a siding

The coal train had been running “wild” from

Mount
west
(lass of the ooal train

Arlington stat

No. 78 raced to keer

the drawbridge at Dover,
found the block closed and had to

Six

miles

} further
The brakes refusing to work, Fngineer

kept his whistle sound.

» ahead

ing as bis train ran down the stee;
When

however

wrac

ie and

nearin

the freigh

stop

The

trance, Thaltpeople fairly trampled over one | crew of the freight jumped and the crew of
peo | I

another tn their eagerness to see everybody
and everything. Thosa who had nof met
since the Civil \ ar shook one another heartily
by the hand and exchanged loud and lone
congratulations «a the occasion. Women re-
tired to the river bank and compared babies
and emall boys chased one anuther at reckless
apd, aroun among their elders’ legs, doing

beat to drown all conversation with their
eh erles and to separate those who were
talk as violently as was consistent with the
personal welfare of the separator,

A number of politicians of the three coun-
tles represented at the plenic were observed
busily at work on their fall fenoms. Ka-As-
semblyman Amos Harrison is one of the prin-
cip managers of the picnio and it was lots of
fun to eee him dodging in and out among the
trees, assuring himself that everybody was
having a good time in a proper way. ile was |
ably assisted by R. B. De Camp, Fred Cun

ngs, John Farrell and the presiding spirit of |
all grange picnics in the State of New Jersey,
the Hon. Joneph B. Rogers, who has never

da grange ape in any part of the State
of New Jeraey since he has been old enough |
to know what a grange picnic was. The efforts
of these gentlemen were entirely
fn suppressing individuals who w
nickers to invest money on a cla

  

 

 

 

 

ted the pic- |
° throw of |

joe or on the whirling index of the wheel of | cause the real

ortune, or the shuffleboard. ‘(iere was just
one fakir, who managed to get ao near the di-
viding line between bunco-steering and lrgit-
imate enterprise that he became an object of
suspicion, who was tolerated because
waa no direct excuse for throwing him out,
after OP had paid his license fee. This gentle-
man did the regular trick of street orators
since the dare when first there were «treet
t a@ rope about his throat and set him back
op the rear of the wagon to “let the spirita get
in their work on him,” an awe-struck and hor-
rifled crowd having assembled to speculate on
the chance of the boys dying before thelr eyes
as the ingenuous fakir admitted he feared
ht happen. The fakir, after
attention of his audience, announced that

 

Marie Bo Harmon

Justice Giagerich
plaintiffs

r }
uecessful | ent

tching | owner, John B. ¢

 

 

example
{aed shoulder
{nm jus

» En-

nping

the coal train followed thetr

wineer Class got a badly brut

while his fireman wrenched his foo

The eoal train engine was turned end for end
and bad wreeled

The tracks were torn up
| for a distance of more than 200 feet

NO CHANGE OF VENUE FOR VAN NESS,

A Point for the Misses Harmon tn Their tn-

junction Sait Against Him and His Wife.

wife, kmma lL Van N

are nieces ¢

eas, has

of the seeond

been

dep

of the Supreme Court

wil

The motion of Cornelius H. Van Nees of
Cornwall to change the venue of the action
brouglit in behalf of Harriet Bo Harmon and

to enjoin him and his third
wife from disposing of the estate of his second

led hy
The
® and

under her will are entitled to most of her as.

tateof

They « !

irg@ei that
wife, whom they
Nese sail thatt

instea

Va
Orange county

united there and becs

property of

® was

called

his
adventures

about $1,000,000 0n the death of Van Ness
squandering
principal of the estate to their loss on
an

the
pres.

® trial should be held in

iif in

ause {ft

convenient for witnesses

Justice Giagerich «
eanse Van Ness

STUNG BY

lenies 1

 

he

STORM-TO!

this county,
the estate
would

be

on Their Owner and His Family.
16.- The wild

Port Jenvis, N. ¥

. Aug

he was there to give away Jewelry for a Phila- '

to death fils cries brought
delphin concern which want4d to adverti-e a : 7
ita wares in New Jersey. He produced two and daughter. Br. and Mrs. \ :
doren or more plain gold rings and threw them | grung. They lighted on
out into the crowd, He then announced that | head. which to-day presents

since so many people seemed to want the rings
Be woude only give the resiaining six to people
who wanted them badly enough to pay 10 cents
apiece for them. When he had received 00
cante and had given out the rings he promptly
returned the 10 cents in each case, saving that
he had only exacted the coin as a tast of the ap-
plicant’s sincerity. He then disposed of a lot
of tawdry gilt chains in the same way. ex-
cept that he would not give them to any one
who did not first give him 50 cents, He re-
quested the reciplenta of the chains to stay
where they were until he had (rushed talking
and promptly gave back to each ove the 60
cents he had paid. He then offered “$20 goldi:e
watches” at $5 each. The crowd grabbed at
them eagerly He thenannounced that watches |
sold at that price were practically given away |
and retired to the woods with some speed with |
an enthualastic following of all ages and arxes
One of the most notable characters of the
Swinefield picnic is John Briggs. He is a
cousin of Prof. Charies Augustus Briggs of t)
Union Theological Seminary, who waa once |
tried for heresy Prof. Hriges'’s cousin
ight pore as the embodied spirit. of
unting. He ranibled over the place vesterda)
hie ascetic features almost hidden by an ex-

 

 

heresy

of thelr

fn their houses
encounter

Stolen From

the Altar;

shop.

A chain and locket

with

be
8 site

more

motion be
had served his answer in the
there } casa without demanding a change of venue

ED BEES.

, in so far as he selected asmall bov and | Thetr Hives Being Upset, They Took Revenge

atorm yesterday afternoon toppled over two
skips of honey bees in Matamoras, Pa., and the
ase, trying to right them was
attacked by the angry becs andstung nearly

his son-in-law

ilse

a sorry
Nelghbors who came to the rescue were forced
to retreat and Case and his family sought refuge

lichael Eisenberg,
were badly

Fisenberg'’s bald | principal owner of the Worcester

sight,

All three are ill from the effects

Found tn a Pawn-

diamond setting,

valued at $25, which werestolen from asidealtar

in St

Bernard's Catholic
| street, Brooklyn, on Saturday night while the

Church

in

Hicks

priests were hearing confessions, were recovered
yesterday in a Columbia street pawnshop

The Weather.

Cloudy and showery weather prevailed yesterday
over a belt of country extending from Maine south-
ward to Delaware, thence westward over Pennsylva

braska

John | fatlwas beary, measuring between on

a | Dla Oblo, Indiana, IMiools, Missouri, lowa and Ne-
In northern New York and Malone the ratn

e and ahalt | Company A,
| First

and two inches, ta the other sections there was an

average fal) In most

of these

States

clearing

traord(nartly broadebriiamed hat, and with a | Weather setin during the afternoon and fair weather

well-worn Bible firmly clutehed in his rieht |
hand. tHe considered each friendly greeting |
along the way as a challenge to controversy |

as to the verbal inspiration of the Bible, supe |

 

port! is arguments continuously by refer-
Soces fo he Bible in his hand. Mr. Brices has
a remarkable memory. He ia said

each chureh in his village. during sermon time |

 

each Sunday, and ft is told of him that he re- |
ts to all who will listen such parts of each
facourse as he has heard
The City Home Cadet Band Ciscourse | plen-
tiful music from a stani near the river bank
ere’ stand had heen erected neacr ty
At 3 o'clock the band was stopnet and the !

peech were started. Heory I. Boda, the
tate Road Commis:ioner, talked on the need
of better roade in the three counties. John
I,. Wilson told the farmers that he thought
in the present rush for higher education for
eversboty, many good farmers ra being
od in the manufacture of a superfluous

ot of cheap lawyers ani doctors
Justice of the Pease John Bo Lander was
reventet from epeaking when his turn came
y therain, but spoke after the rain had clavred

 

 

    

prevailed in all other dist

Tie pressure was generally
east Gulf and south Atlantle
| 1 was bighest and siighuy above normal. It

in the

ricts

States

below no mal, except |

where
became

slighUly warmer in the middle Atlantic States, but

to vinit } there was not much change in any section.

inthis city the day was cloudy and raingin the
morning, clearing fn the afternoon; wind fresh south

west, average bum/'dity

tota! rainfall, .28¢

tem perature

20.03
rhe

mometer, and also by

 

WASHINGTON FORECAST

, 68

ner

fanineh

asrecorded by
“THE SUN's"

the street level, is shown in the anneaed table
| flai-s Sun's

6P.M
9P.M
12 Mid

1Aee. LOO,
69° 7a
74° 82
73° 55

TO-MORROW

  

FOR

ernt,;
| temperature A4 degrees, at 3:50PM
| rected to read tofsea level at 8 A.M, 20.95. 3PM,

the offictal ther

-OMeial—
1900. 189%
77° \
7a"
77
ToD

 

thermometer at

Suns
1w0n

7"

7?

we"
AND

|
|
|

!

| tuok

 

away, This was the tone o talk i

“All the wheat, corn, oat fwrain and the | For Massachusetts, Rode Island, Connecticut and
atee! raila and engine: : ploughs and saws | eagern New York, generaily fair; light to fresh narih
which we do not want f vursalyes, we) t | west winds
find a market for abr Chia ex 5 i
gion, the expansion we wrnt. ¢ mereia Por Distriet of Jimbia, eastera Pennsylvania, |
expansion whic this eountrs ' ir w Jerse Delaware and Maryland, partly cloudy
stances thrust upon it, w na } ike | het th to west winds
advantage of to the henaf f the fare For Virals : ,
the mechanic and the toi n the var : r \irg A. Reveraily fair and warmer today
lines of insustry. Look at the vast 1 Saturday fair, light northwest winds

ton ho the farmer in the Orient We have

nocking at the doors there for some |

for West Virgiola, western Pennsylvania, Ohio and
western New York, generally fair; light north winds

-

 

JOHN J. INGALLS DEAD,

 

SENATOR REALIZED A FEW DAYS
AGO THAT THE END WAS NEAR,

 

Had Been in Poor Health for About Two
Years—End Came at the Las Vegas Hot
Springs-His Political |‘areer Ended by
the Farmers’ Aillance — Work as a Writer,
1.as Vruas, N. M., Aug, 16.—Former Senator

John J. Ingalls died this morning at the Monte-

zuma Hotel, Las Vegas Hot Springs. His

wife and son, Sheffield Ingalls, were present

He was conscious and taiked up to within

half an hour before his death. ‘The cause of

death was bronchitis and weakness caused by
inability to assimilate his food.

Mr. Ingalls realized a few daya ago that the
end was near and expressed a wish to be taken
to his home in Atchison, Arrangements had
been made to start as soon as another son,
Elisworth, arrived, but Mr, Ingalls suddenly
became worse. Mr. Ingalls was generally
looked upon as an agnostic, but a few minutes
before hisdeath he repeated with Mrs. Ingalls
the Lord's prayer.

fils illness dates from the fall of 1898, when
he caught a severe attack of the grip, which
developed into bronchitis, 1n 1899 he wont to
Las Cruces, N, M., and later to Tucson, Ariz., in
the hope of obtaining relief, He decided to
leave there six weeks ago for his home and
stopping a few days here he found the dry air
and 000) cays so agrevable that he concluded

to remain for a month,
His daughters, Mrs. EF. G. Blair of Kansas
City, Misses Marian and Murtel, and his son,

Ellsworth, ere at Atchison, awaiting the ur-
rival of the mother and son, who left to-day
with the body, Another son, Capt, Ralph

Ingalls, isin Manila and has been notified of the
death of his father

Former Senator Ingalls was a brilliant and
interesting character tlie star had been on
the wane for several years... He had Jost his
political @rip in Kansas principally because
cf his sharp tonaue. tHe was 60 fond of saying
shurp, cutting things and so careless of the tare

 

 

wet for his inve that he lostmany frle ‘
But he retained a certain hold on the publiilo
through his writings, to which after his re-
tirernent from the Senate he devoted most of
hils time Whether a¢a lawyer, editor, states-
man or literary freelance, what he said com
manded respect, because he was recognized
as a rean of great brain force and wonderful
acuteness

John James Inga wus born in Middletown,
Mass., on Dec, 20, 1844. Ile had canple oppor.

ation, as his father
He was graduated
ing a college

edu
ins

tunity fo aeqiiire an
was a merchant of me

    
  

 

 
 

from Willitme Coil n 1856, be

mate of Jamea A feld pon

mitted to the bar he went to Atchison,

aud began the practice of his profession

also immediately took an interest in politics

and was su ve a momber of the Wvane
tte Convent vf 18 Territorial Coun

cilof 1860 and the State Senate in 1861 and 1862

Che following vear he took up journalism ar d

became the editor of the Atchdeon Chom pior

wr Lieutenant Gov
elected to the United

 

In 1564 he was
ernor, but in 1*72 he was

States Senate. |e servedin thal body continu
ously for elglteen years, for the last three
vears being the President pro tem. It was as
a Senator that he walned the widest fame. His
cnpeeches atteaeted almost untversal attention
inthis counter When it wa rwn in Wash
ington that he wae to eneak the gallesies were
always crowded He was particularly veher
ent in hia d ciation of President Cleveland
Senator Ingalls was retired trom pubdlfe life

{n 1891. The Farmers’ Alllance gained control
of Kaneaa and as the Senator had dealt with
that element in polltica in anything but a gentle
way, the Alilance Insisted on his retirement.
Hie tried hard to wet back, but falled. He then
devoted most of his time to newspaper work

  

He was mentioned In 1801 a9 a proepective
editer of the New York Commercial Ad ‘ertiser
and came on at that time to confer with tts

ownera, but the deal fell through and he re-

turned to keep up his freelance work. He
travelled about the country as correspondent
for one New York newspaper at events afte
tracting national attentior Hle reported the

 

Corbett-Fitzaimmons prizetight and one or two
national conventions. He also lectured a good
deal, and {a3 sald to have made by this means

 

 

Senator Invalla was noted for his attention
to dreaa. When in the Senate he was sald to
be ita beat dressed member. [le was tall and
extramely tiin, and his figure, clad as ft waa on
publie oceasions, in a tightly-fitting frock coat,
was most striking.

won, Woop DIES IN MEXICO.
A New Jersey Civil Engineer Who Had Been
Employed tn Yucatan Provine>.

Toms Hiver, N. J., Aug. 16—Word was ree
celved from the State Department, Washinee
ton, to-day, that Henry Woods of Toms River
died on June 20, at Merida, Mexico. It is bee
Hleved that this means William Henry Wocd,
a civil engineer, who has lived at Lancoka, neur
this place, for many years. Mr. Wood had
an office in New York. Last winter he undere
to do some surveying for Don Rafaelo
]. Quinteno at Merida, Lucatan Province,
Mexico, and sailed Jan. 3 The Jast letter Ils

 

wife received from him was dated the middie |
j.of June, when he iid he had finished his work

and would sail on June 80 or July 7. He said
that he was not feeling very well Ail attempta
op the part of the family to ascertain anything
from Quinteno were unanswered The State
Department learned of the death through
United States Consul Thompson at Progreso,
Mexico.

 
 
 
 

OBITUARY.

Chief Justice Henry Green of the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania died at the Hotel Trae
more, Atlantic City J., yesterday of urmmic
wisoning. His death was unexpected, as he
had heen ill only a day He was bornin Ware
ren county N J., 72 years ago He
vas graduated from Lafayetie College in 1849

v

In September, 1879, he was appointed to the
Supreme Court Bench to fill the vacancy caused
by the death of Judge W. J. Woodward and the
following year be was elected for the full term of
twenty- wl ihe beganin January,

ne years,

  

 

18a ist January, by the death of Chief Juse
tiee Sterrett, Judge Green beenme the Chief
Justice. His term would have expired in 1902

 

He leaves a yidow and four children. His home

was in Easton, Pa
William H. Lex,

a former President of

the Common Council of Philadelphia
and a prominent member of the bar
of that city, died on Wednesday night of
kidney and liver complaints lie had

been a sufferer from these troubles for several
veara, and in the earl) spring went to Bedford
Springs. Pa., in the hope of getting relief. His
health falled to tmprove and last Saturdays
he was brought home. Mr. Let was born in
Philadelphia on Sent. 16. 1848, and enterec
the University of Penns Ivauia at the age “4
4 He was graduated in 186) Ile entered
the law office of George W. Thorn and was
admitted to practise in 1873. lle served four
terms in Common Counell

Charles H. Doe, for many years editor and
kvening
. died at Sussex, N. B on Wednesday, aged
2. He was a native of Roston and was grad-
uated from Harvard In i860. He was on the
atall of the Boston Advertiser for several years,
and went to Worcester in 1569 and became a
part owner of the Gazette, of which he was
editor for twenty-seven years. Four years
ago he sold his interest in the paper and had
since been in feeble health. He went to New
Brunswick for the summer and several weeks
ago suffered a paralytic stroke. He leaves a
widow, two sons and a daugliter

Gustave L, Freche died at his home in Newark
yesterday after an iliness of six days. Death
was cansed by dinbetes, [ie was born in Berlin,
Germany, 50 years ago and cume to this country
when 12 years old. For over twenty years
he had been an agent of Ballantineand Company
brewers. At one time he was one of the best
wing shots in New Jersey and became noted
at the traps. At the beginning of the Civil
War he enlisted a8 a drummer and when dis-
charged he joined the Fortieth Regiment
N j Volunteers as Second Lieutenant of
and was quickly promoted to the
Lieutenuncy, He was a member of Phil
Kearny PostG. ALR

Dr. Rudolph Hessel, the German scientist who
has been in charge of the propagating ponds of
the United States Fish Conimiission diad yes.
terday in Washington from t' ¢ effect of asun-
stroke suffered on Wednescay. He was 75
years old, and his relatives all live in Germany
Dr. Hessel was born in Baden and educated
pardy in France, afterward graduating at
leidelberg and Strasburg. He had travelled
in many parte of the world. He came to

(ra-

 

  

 

 

  

maximum | cinr
barometer, cor

 
 
 
  

 

fea first in 1850, and to settle here in 1877, v
he became connected with the Fish Commis-
Mrs. Kenyon Parsons, who died on Tuesda

at her summer r nea in Plainfield, N. J.,
was a daughter o » late Rev. G. Lewis Platt,
D». D., long ree reet emeritus of St
Paul's at Tivol tHiudson. she ways educated
at Packer In-titute in Brooklyn and spent
many vears in early life in that city. Within
a few years she had again become a resident

of Brookivr At the time of her death she was
engaged in revising the Platt lineage, which
had been originally compiled by her father
lienry KE. Owsley, a noted breeder of thor-
oughbred horses, is dead at his home in Scott
county, Ky, near Spring Station He was a

nephew of Frank Bo Harper. He had owned
and raced many good horses, Several months
age he lost hie mind after making a sale of
thoronehbred vearlings in New York and di
anneared for il weet fie wes 48 vear
ania

e 1 tho i. thant of e Seventy.
fitt preeir lang Isiand City, die@ at his
home, 43 Seventh street, Long Ieland City, at 8
o'clock vesterday morning of cirrhosis of the
liver Policeman Hunt was 81 years ol

and married. He was appointed to the "i
Island City police force in 1896 sane

 

 

 

cOoLr,.

The third annual open tournament of the
Ampersand Gol’ Club in the Adirondacks will
be held oh Sept. 1, 8, 4, and 5. There will
be prizes for the low score in the qualifying
round, the first sixteen keeping on for the
Ampersand and the second for a consolation
cup. The final in both events will be at thirty-
six holes. On Sept. 6 there will be a handicap
at eighteen holes for the Algonquin cup. In
tho first Ampersand tournament James A.
Tyng was the bright particular star, while
last year W. J. Travis won from a field that in-
cluded Perey Pyne, 2d, Charles Henderson,
Alfred L, Norris, W. R. Thurston, W. Y. Marsh,
J. B. Tatler, C. T. Beckwith and C. 8. Ransom,
An exceptionally high class entry is expected
this season, The cups are unusually handsome.
The nine-hole course measures 2,700 yards,
with fine putting greens

Although the entriesfor the women's champ-
jonship do not close until Aug. 21, Secretary Kerr
of the U.8.G. A. has booked nearly forty names.
At Bala last year there were seventy-elght to
start and as many will likely play this year, in
which case the number to qualify will probably
be raed from sixteen to thirty-two. The Lx-
ecutive Committee without warning raised the
number to qualify at Ardsley, in 1897, from
eight to sixteen, a precedent that will enable the
committeemen to again increase the number
should the size of the fleld make the action de-
sirable. Reports from Southampton Indicate
that all the cottages and boarding houses will

be overcrowded during the tournament week.
The Shinnecook Hills Club, however, has pron-
ised that accommodations will be forthcoming
for every contestant and her party, so that in
the end all will come right. The Executive
Committee of the club at present |s a directory
ef boarding places and a general information
bureau

 

 

 

LEN IX, Aug. 16.- The annual open tourna-
ment of the Lenox Golf Club will be held during
the v sek of Sept. 10, The following is Lie pro-
ereame

Mond Alezandre cup, thirty sia holes, medal
play, handicap; Tucsday, preliminary round for

the Lenox cup, thirty sia holes, best sixteen scores

  

 

t qualify for the inateh pla Wednesday, mateh
play for the Lenox cup and eighteen-hole maten
for Consolation cup for those who failed to qualify
for the Lenox cup, ‘Thursday, preliminary round

for President's eup and second round of mateh play
for the Leuox cup: Friday, sem! finals and tinal for
Lenox cup and first round of match play for Presi

dent's cup, Saturday, semi-finals and final for the
President's cup.
JEFFERSON, N. H., Aug. 16.—The firat ten-

hole mateh play round of the Waumbek Goif
Clubs tournament for wonten to-day narrowed
down the contest and brought toge her for
to-morrow's play the strongest golfers in the
list {wo of the matches were close, needing
eleven and tweive greens respectively to fix
convtusions aud Miss Daillett, who kept her
medat play card, matched yesterday's record
card of 66, made by Miss Cobb. The first
round surumary follows;

Waumbek Cup Class—Mrs. Andrew B. Cobb, New-
ton Gof, beat Miss Abby Raymond, Waumbek, by 4
upanddto play: Miss Datiett, St. David's Golf, beat
Mrs. J.B Aurlance Dutchess County, by 6 upand 4
to play, Miss Aune Posi, Englewood Golf, beat Miss
C Post, Jersey City Golf, by default, Miss Cobb
Newton (iolf, beat Miss M. Post, Jersey City Goll, by
4upand 2 to play

flerson Cup Class-Mra. James C, Chureh,
Kuniekerbocker Field, bert Miss Sweetiand, Agawam
Hiunt, | up over eleven holes; Mrs. Theodore H
banks, Seabright, beat Miss J. Enustqn, Waumbek,
by A upand ito play: Miss Leslie May, Lakewood
Golf, beat Miss Lincoin, Waumbek, by up and 2 to
lay; Miss Stoddard, Waumbek, beat Miss Marts
borne, Waumbek, by 1 up

Consolation Cup Class-Miss 8. A. Devoe, Waum-
vbek, beat Miss Littell, Waumbek, 1 up, over tweive
holes, Miss Kiemm. Waumbek, teat Miss S. Ensign,
Waumbek, by 8 up and 4 to pla)

 

 

 

 

Mount PLEASANT, N. H., Aug, 16. Harry Var-
don gave a brilliantex hibition of golf onthe links
here this morning and made two new records
that undoubtedly will stand for a long time,

he event was an exhibition match in which
the famous expert was | itted against the best
ball of Alexander Findlay and Charles Thom.
4 lurge “gallery” followed the players over the
course and heartily applauded the masterly
work of Vardon. Jn the mornit round of
eighteen holes Vardon exhibited the grandest
golf ever seen in the White Mountains, At
the end of the eighteen holes Vardon was 6 up
on his opponent. He had lowered the eighteen-
hole record of the course by five strokes, to 64,
Vardon also lowered the nine-hole record three
strokes, to 92. The gourse at Mount Pleasant
is 2,235 yards in length and the bogey is 35.

 

SOUTHAMPTON, Aug, 16.—The second round
at match play for the Boardman ops was
started this morning at the Svinneoock Bilis
Golf Qlub. A heavy shower earl: in the morn-
ing added to the condition of the course by
softening the turf, whichof late bas been very
hard. Miss (lark won her matelh from Mrs.
Burney, to whom she gave six strokes. Mra,
Miller, who won yeaterday, was defeated to-day
ty Miss J. Russel, by 6up andibtoplay, Miss
tusee.| @ave «x strokes to Mra. Miller. Mias
\Wickham did not play to-day, as Mre. Wellman,
her partner, defaulted, Summary

Miss Julia Clark, 10, beat Mrs. C. T, Barney, 16,
by 5 up and 4 to play; Miss Wickham won by de
faull: Miss J. Russell, 12, beat Mrs. Miller, 16, by 6

 

upand 5 toplay: Mrs. Brown beat Miss Parrish, by
6 up and 5 to play.

Miss Beatrix Hoyt while playing a practice
came to-day with Misa Wickham made the
handsome score of 90. Miss Hoyt’s card was:
Out e 565665646466 66 6—48
In aaeee 654465 5&6 4 4 56-42-90

Miss Wickham's card was 51, 51—102.

Both Miss Hoyt and Miss Wickham will play

in the women’s championship on Aug. 28
Others who have arrived and who will play in
the championship are Mrs. Carter and Miss

Grosbeck of the Cincinnati Golf Club, Misa
Willis of the Morris County Golf Club and Mra.
HKogers of the Hillside Tennis and Golf Club.

Montcuatn, Aug. 16—-On the Montclair Golf
Club links this afternoon there was @ woman's
handicap foursome, which was won by Mrs.
Pickman and Miss Van Lennep. The scores:

Mrs. Pickman and Miss Van Lennep, 132, 4-128;
Miss Hornfeck and Miss H. Hornfeck, 148, 20-129;
Miss Childs and Miss Ingalls, 146, 13-143; Miss
Wallace and Miss Wilson, 161, 20—141; Miss Ho-
maine and Miss Droste, 167, 17—150,

 

Mancnester, Aug. 16.—In a match on the
Ekwanok Golf Clubiinks to-day the Dorset Field
Club's teain was defeated by the Ekwanok
team 42to2. The summary:

Ekwanok—Dr. Burnham, 8; T, FE. Brown, 7; Dr.
Taylor, 0; Cortes, 0; Clark, 4; F. Brown, 5; A. Wolfe,
3; John Wolfe, 1: Phillips, 4 Total, 42.

Dorset—Harrington, ©; Harrison, 0; Bourne, 0;
Draper, 2; Shroeder, 3 Kent, 0; Gillett, 0; Foote, 0:
Holey. 0; Betts, 0. Total, 2.

The third game in the Green Mountain Golf
Association series, with the Mount Anthony
Club of Bennington, will be payed here Satur-
day. Ekwanok won the other two matches
ea-ily. Al Taylor is the latest golfing expert to
arrive.

Cnicago, Aug. 16.—As @ result of the first
round and semi-finals at mateh play in the
fifth annual open tournament of the Onwentsia
Cjub to-day, play has narrowed down to the
finais for the Rayinoaks, Solacé and Tyro cups.
The play was of a high class order and many
surprises developed Chester ¢ Allen, the
young Kenosha golfer, who finished first in
the preliminary round yesterday, was put out
in the first round to-day by Bruce D. Smith
who won an easy match by 5 up and 4 to play.
The other results for the Ravinoaks cup follow:

P. B. Hoyt defeated Pred Hanlin. by 6 upand 5 to
play: Walter Knott defeated W. F. Egan, by 3 up
and 2 to pay: Willlam Waller defeated Nathaniel
Moore, by 2 upand | to play.

The Solace cup results:

Eimer Williams defeated C. Zimmerman, by 7 up
and 6 to play: F. R. Petal defeated J. W. Linn, by 38
up and 2 to play: A. G. Bennett defeated R. H.
McElwee, by } up in twenty-one holes.

The Tyro cup resulta follow

William M. MeCawley_ defeated R .G. Watson, Jr,
by Bupand 4toplay: J. M. Sellers defeated S. T
Chase, by 4p and 2 to play; Edward MeGlachiin
defeated P. K . by 1 up tn nineteen holes; R. H.
Alken defeated . Connell, by 5 up f. 4 to play

’

 

  
  
  

In the semi-finals for the Ravinoaks cup
Bruce DP. Smith defeated Phelps B.@foytin one
of the closest and most interesting matches of
the tournament by Lup in nineteen holes; W.
Waller defeated J. Waller Knott by 2 up. In
the semi-finals for the Solace cup F. R. Pettit
defeated Elmer Williams, 1 up, and A. G. Ben-
nett defeated J. D. Hubbard, 5 up and 3 to play
William MeCawley defeated J M Sellers, by
2 up and i to play, and Edward MeGilachlin
defeated R He Aiken,by.1 up,in the semi-finals
for the Tyro cup. Phelps B. Hoyt and J. M
' rs of Glenview defeated W. f. Egan and
Eimer Williams of Lake Geneva by 6 up and 5
to play, and D. R.Forgan and ID. Mark Cum-
mings of Onwentasia defeated F. D. Frazier and
W. 1, Osborne of Glenview,by § up and ¢ to play

  

 

 

  

 

 

Bar fHarnor,
Myopia crack,

Aug. WJ. G
defented Arden Robbins, the
Kebo Valley Club champion, in the final round
of the oven handicap tournament for the Hinkle
eup The mateh was played over the course
at the Kebo Club, and both the morning and
afternoon rounds were played in a heavy rain
storm and fog, despite of which a lar@e “gal-
lery” tramped around the course after the con-
festanta, This is the second tlme that Thorp
has won the cup, He was first last year after
a hard fi@ht with R. K. Thorndike. His play
ee igoenous the tournament this week has been
prilliant

Thorp, the

 

Father Fined for Craeity to Son.

 

Pont JePrrrson, |. 1, Aug. 16.—Daniel
O'Keefe, the salbonkeeper of this village who
was char@ed |y his son with extreme cruelty,

hese been fined $25. ['l.ebow «ald in court that
because he wenten the Presbyterian Sunday
echool pionio his father beat him and tied him
up inthe bern withachain. The boy'e story
was oorroborated by several witnesses. O'Keefe
paid the fine.

i SS

eee
— SS

J. E, SULLIVAN RETURNS.

THE A, A, U. SECRETARY GIVES HIS
VIEWS ON INTERNATIONAL GAMES.

 

The Paris Meeting Has Made American Legis
lators Favor Athietics—Disagreements With
the French Executive Due to Only One
Man—Jealous of the Americans’ Saccess.

Many men prominent in athletic circles

were at the pler of the French line yesterday
morning to greet James EB. Sullivan, Secretary
of the A. A. U,, who returned on La Bretagne,
after a long stay at the Paris Exposition, Mr.
Sullivan acted as assistant to A. G. Spalding,
the director of athletics for America at the
international games, and his version of sev-
eral disputes was anxiously awaited by his
confreres. The A. A, U. Secretary wont to
his office and after examining his accumulated
mail and inquiring into the state of athletics
in this country, he made the following state-
ment regarding the incidents and results of
the international meeting

“Lam more than pleased at the showing made
by the American athletes abroad and am firmly
convinced that this meeting did more to opes
the eyes of our legislators to the benefit of
athletics than anything that has been done for
several years past, for the simple reason that
the Department of Athletics, of which Mr.

Spalding was director, received official recog-

nition from the Government aud wae classed

the equal of any department created by our

Comuinissioner, Ferdinand W. Peck
“The trip of the American athletes was replete

with triumplis. They opened the eyes of the

English authorities by winning eight out of

the thirteen events at the English champlon-

ships, losing only the long distance runs. At
the Paris Exposition the Americans won no less
than weventeen of the events. The perform-
ances of Kraenzlein, Sheldon and Flanagan

simply astounded the Parisians
So far as our treatment in Paris Is con-
cerned, there la certainly no complaint to make,

Men prominent in the Governtnent and in
athietl. circles made the stay of the athletes
there very plensant There were many ban-
queta held in honor of the American boys’

victories and the dinner given by Commissioner
Peck is one that will long be remembered. It
was certainly the most elaborate banquet
ever given to a visiting athletic delegation in
any country.

The little misunderstandings which hap-
pened frequently were to be regretted. The
question of holding the games on Sunday,
duly 15, was the most serious. Those who

followed carefully the negotiations for Pars
Exposition games will remember distinctly
that A. G. Spalding received a cablegram
from his assistant at Parla that the gamos
would not be held on Sunday and that cable-
gram was looked upon on this side of the water
as positive information, However, soon after
our athletes leff, Mr. Spalding’s | represen-
tative was informed that the French Associa-
tion had decided to change again and hold
the games on Sunday, thus making the oficial
dates the tith. 17th. 19th and 22d

“Upon the arrival of the American athletes
in France several meetings were held, and at a
conference held at the office of the Secretary
of the French A. A. A. several concessions
were made which seemed to be entirely satis-
fuctory One was to the effect that in the fleld
events the athletes who did not cure to or would
not compete on Sunduy could compete on Mone
day, and that their trials on Monday would
count for thelr Sunday competition. This
was clearly understood and distinctly stated
by the interpreter, so all ieft the room with
that idea confirined.

“At the grounds on the day of competiticn
it was found that the French A. A. A. did not
understand the matter as the Americans did,
The former denied that such an agreement
was made and said that whoever would not
compete on Sunday could not compete on Mon-
day. Thia, of course, threw out some of the
best pole vaulters and jumpers we had with
us, but nevertheless, it did not stop the Ameri-
eans from winning the events ,the University
of Pennsylvania men competing and captur-
ing the honors for America. It was apparent
to me that the French athletic authorities were
a bit Jealous of the Americans’ supremacy,
Notwithstanding that fact, our victories wero
applauded, the applause coming to a consider.
able extent, however, from the American con-
tingent, which was lar@e each day.

"It can truthfully be said that the French
Association, which seemed to have entire con-
font of the meeting, was not inclined to be liberal
with the Americans and seemed to desire to
stick to the apirit of the law at times and at
other times to the letter of the law, which the
oficiala had a faculty of construing to their
own way of thinking. This, I was informed,
was the fault of one man by the name of Manaud,
who seemed to be the ruling spirit of the asso-
elation. Ale would make one decision at one
time to bar out the American athletes and two
days later would make a decision which would
let in the Frenchmen or the Hungarians.
This was clearly illustrated fo the case of the
pole vault

“Several of our Amertcan vaultera were loung-
ing under a tree in the shade when the polo
vaulting event was called. The Princeton and
Michigan men went over to compete, and they
were informed they eould not because they
were called three times and did not answer.
The nole vaulters appealed to every one, to Mr.
Spalding, to the French officials, but Mr. Man-
and would not consent. He said that unless
a man answered his name and took his first
trial he could not compete. This ahut the
Americans out of several prizes. A few days
later, however, in the shot-putting competition,
Manaud informed his association that there
was a French athlete who missed two trials
but he came out for the third and was allowed
to compete.

“The American athletes have nothing but
the kindest words for the majority of the mem-
bers of the Racing Club. From the start we
heard, however, that there was a sort of an
internal fight in the French athletic governing
body, which accounted for the many mishaps.
It appears that when one would give his con-
sent to a thing another would take a contrary
view, resulting in a continual turmoil), mA

“It waa pleasing to all of us to see the great
interest Commissioner-General Peck took in
the athletic portion of the exhibition, par-
ticularly the competitions in which the Amert-
cans were interested. He attended nearly all
the @ames, vacht races, tennis and gymnastic
tournaments and other competitions where the
American athletes were represented

“Mr. A. G, Spalding, the director of sporta,
will remain abroad for a month of more, owing
to the fact tllat several Americans will be rep-
resented in the sports that are to come, par-
tleularly the cycling, rowing and swimming.
There will be a basehall league formed to ley
for the championship and_already a nine has
been organized in the Department of the
United States Commission, which will meet
a college team of American students from
the Latin quarter.”

   
 

 

ROUGH SEA OFF NEWPORT.

 

The Race for 70-Footers Postponed—Hera
Wins tn the 30-Foot Class,

NEWPORT, Aug. 16.--There was a race this
afternoon between the 80-footers which the
Fiera, sailed by Relph N. Ellis, won by nearly
four minutes. The etart waa delayed on ac
count of a thunderstorm, and it waa so late
when the boats got away that a triangular
course of only eight miles was sailed. The
Hera got the best of the start and had no
trouble in holding her lead to the end. The
first leg was a beat, then a run and a reach

home. The summary:
Elapeea
Boat and Owner. Start. Fintan Time.
M.S. AMS HM. S.
Hera, RN. Ellis . 40800 64432 | 26 82
Asahi, W.S. Miller.......408 00 63801 1 380m
Pollywog, A. H. Paget....4 08 00 659648 1 31 58
WaWa, Brooks..... 408 00 584412 186128

Vaquero HL, W. Ruth
erfurd.... 408 00 54507 13707
There was Do race to-day between the 70-
footers in the series for the .ewport Yacht
tacing Association cup, a postponement being
made until to-morrow. The committee was
on hand early this morning and after a con-
ference with Mr. August Belmont and Mr
Cornelius Vanderbilt it was decided to aban-
don Wie race It had been blowing hard all
night from the southeast and the wind had
kicked up a nasty sea outside. The owners

did not care to again run Wwe risk of straining
their boats, especially as Mr. Herreshoff had
served notice on them not to take them out in
heavy weather, Besides a heavy sea, it was
very thick outaide and theracing would have
been very unsatixfactory
The Yankee had a new

 

spinnaker brought

down from Bristol this morning to replace
the one tora in the Astor cup race, and the
Virginia also had some new nead sails deliv.
ered, The Vircinia, it is said. is still in
bad shape, Ler port bow being twisted
and in Consequence she only walla

well on one tack A heavy thunderetorm heat
down the sea this afternoon, and the indications
are now fora good day to-morrow

 

Oarsmen of the Harlem River clubs will clash with
the representatives of the Hudaon River boat olubs in
most of the events at the Hoboken re@atta. which wili
take place to-morrow on the Guttenburg eourae, Ow
ing to the rough water which usually prevails the
open events are limited to barge and gig races, but
many men who have shown up well in shell races are
entered. A feature of the regatta will be the in
vitation race for Naval Reserve cutier crews, in
whieh each of the big boats will be manned by her
men. Only the Rosedele and Friendshin boat clubs
have made entries in the four eared barge race for thy
Dash challenge cup. whieh ts open only to elubs
m mbers of the Hoboken Amateur Rowing Associa

 

     

Mon. The open events inelud> junior single gies,
Junior double etic enlor single gles, Junior four
Oared barge, senior double gigsand junior fovr-oared

sige The ip race is set for Jo'clock andall the
events will berowed over a one-mile str law
euenee. alghtaway

     

aldness

And Cleanse the Scalp of Crusts,
Scales, and Dandruff by
Shampoos with

 

And'light dressings with CUTICURA, purest of

emollient skin cures.

This treatment at once

stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.

Millions of Women

Use Curicura Soap exclusively for preserving, purifying, ad beautifying the skin,
for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the etopping of falling
hair, for softening, whitening, and healing red, rough, and sore hands, in the form
of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and chafings, or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weakuesses, and for many sanative
antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, and especially
mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of
persuasion can induce those who have once used it to use any other, especially for
preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children, Cutt
cuRA Soa? combines delicate emollient properties derived from Curicura, the
great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with
it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands.
No other foreign or domestic toilet eoap, however expensive, is to be compared with
it for al! the purposes of tho toilet, bath, and nursery, Thus it combines in Ons
Boar at One Prices, viz., Twenty-Five Cents, the Bxst skin and complexion
soap the Best toilet and pest baby soap in the world,

  

@ticura

seal
to!

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,

consisting of CUTICURA Soar
and eoften the thickene
tautly allay itebing, inflammation, and {rritation, and soothe an

25e.), to cleanse the akin of crusts an
cuticle, Coticcna OINTMENT {toe}

heal, and CoTicuna Kesotvent (50c.), to cool and cleanse the blood,
The Set, $1.25 A SINGLE 887 (a often «uMicient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring,

and humiliating skin, ecal
Dave anv Caz. Corr., Bole Props., Boston.

, and blood huinors, with loss of bair, when all else fatle, Porras
* How to Gave the Lair, Hands, and Skin,” free

 

M'PADDEN THE WINNER. RING GOSSIP.
He Whips Billy Ryan in a Slashing Bout at M. F. Davis. —Fitesimmons got first blood.
the Sampson. EF. Miles—The fl@ht started at 10:12 o'clock, The
; knockout came after 10:25,
Hughy MePadden, the Brooklyn bantam, Patsy Sweeney has been matched to meet Jimmy
who has been doing good work of iate, strucs @ | Reilly of Broexlyn in a 20-round bout at the

tartar in Billy Ryan of this city, at the Sampson
A. C, last night. Ryan took the placeof George
Munroe, and although defeated in the eleventh
round, he was not disgraced. He gave a fine
exhibition of gameness and endurance. There
was a large-sized crowd on hand. Jack Gabay
was the referee

The sportbegan with a ten-round bout be-
tween Jack Irby, colored, and Kid Dolan, white.
The weight was 110 pounds. Both boys went in
to knock the other out. Dolan hammeredIrby's
stomach and Jaw with the right and succeeded
inknocking the colored fighter down several
times. Dolan nailed Irby in the fifth, sixth and
seventh rounds, but could not finish him,
Dolan keptup tis advantage to the end and
easily got the award.

The second pair was Kid Ruff, white, and
Jack Bradley, colored. The men weighed 105
pounds, The limit was ten rounds. They mixed
it up from the beginning and exchanged blow
for blow. Bradley ent Ruff to his knees in the
second, but the Kid retaliated with swings
which made Jack groggy. Ruoff had Bradley
going in the seventh and elghth rounds, but
failed to follow up his advantage Kuff had
thines his own way after this and got the
decision.

Ryan’a seconds were Jim Burke, (harlie
Kelly and J. Connors, MecPadden's hand ers
were B.lly Moore of St. Louis, Willie Fitzgerald
and Al McMurray. The weight was 115 pounds
McPadden made the first lead and Ryan met
him with a stiff left in the wind. Ryan
exchanged smashes with impunity. Hughey

landed a wicked right under the heart
as the bell rang At the very outset
of the second they went at each other's

wind. McPadden received a right counter on
the mouftl, which dazed him, McPaaden r-
turned and the pair fought all over the ring
McPaddeu hyd van stagwering, but could not
land onthe right spot) Rean toed the serarc!
for the third round refreshed = jie showed that
he was atrong by rouching at in clinches, Ryan
had McPadden worried at the close and Hughey
waa very tired ;

Ryan was eager to mixitupin the fourth and
he -urprised the “ ris by rushing MePadden to
the rope. MoPadden utilized all hia skill to put
Ryan out, but it was unavaiing. Ryan was the
ageres-or in the fifih and kept MePadden busy
Ryan was cautioned by the referee for ho'ding
but MoPadden wae just as much at faultin thie

 

respect. ‘The sisth was hot. The two did more
straight punching and their blows had better
effect. MePadden gave it to Ryan hot ard

heavy in the seventh, but the iattrecame back

for more, Ryan took enoveh wallops to subdue
ahalf dozen ordinary lids in the eighth but
he was on his feet atthe bell, Rean took unlin-
ited pun shmentin the ninth and was ;ut down
three times. He took the count on each
occ sion and his pluck won the admira.«

tion of the sports, McPadden wae all fagyed

out in the tenth from punching Ryan.
Tr latter Was getting strong and seat
Hughey 's head back with jabs. Ryan was

all_rig't seemingly in ihe eleventh until
MePadden got to his wind twice. This took all
the — out of Ryan and he floundered all
over the ring. Aright.on the jaw floored him
A similar blow capsized him egain and then his
e-conds threw up the sponge. Ryan ess not
altogether out, but he had no ehionce of win
nine

   

Odds and Unda of Sports

Several of the athletes w

© competed tn the world'«
Championships at Paris have entered the eam of
the Charles Harney Assoctetion, which il take

Hiver Park this afternoon,

Rae at Sulzer's Harlem
he first evens is set for decision at 4 o'clock The
entry list is along one and the high class of the oom
Petitors insures keen struggles in all of the events,

Sampson A. C. next Monday night

Hrooklyn Reader, Brooklyn. Sharkey fought Jef-
friestwice and was defeated each time The first
battle was only Limited to twenty rounds

Willte Piteceraid, whose colors were lowered re-
cently by Harry Lyons of Chicago, wants to meet
the latter to a Anish in private with small sized gloves

George McFadden informs THE SUN that despite
reports to the contrary his match with Joe G VAs
not fallen through and that it will take place at the

 

   

Broadway A. C. on Aug, 41,

Dan Creedon has been selected to meet Jack Root
of Chicago at Dubuque, Ia, on elther Aug, 22 or
Aug. 25. The battle is to be for twenty rounds, and

will be the first contest of a three night's carnival),

“Rube"' Ferns, the Buffalo welterweight, who de-
feated Eddle Connolly so handily the other nigh.
wishes to show the local sports what kind of a fighter
heis Fernsoffers to meet Matty Matthews or any
other man tn Dis class

"Kid" Lavigne has gone to New Dorp to train, and
{s said to be rounding into his old time form The
former lightweight champlon expects to be matched
with Terry MeGovern elther in this city or at Chicago
in a limited round bout, and naturally does not want
to be caught napping,

Hill Chester, an English lightweight, is thinking
of coming to this country in the fal), Chester was
recently knocked out y Tommy Hogan of Chicago,
but those who saw the fight say that he has the mak
ings ofa good man. Chester says he will Oght either
George McFadden or Jack O'Brien.

Spider Kelly wants to know what the clubs Intend
to do regarding bis match with Patsy Sweeney, Kelly
who is training with Jim Corbett at Bath Beach says
if he does not hear anything encouraging about the
encounter In the next few days he will call the affair
off and return to his home at San Franetsco,

Al Herford ts still trying to arrange a match be-
tween Joe Gansand Terry MeGovern. Herford has
posted a forfeit of $2,000 t0 bind a go" at 135 pounds,
weigh tn at & e’clock onthe night of the contest
Gains says he will undertake to stop McGovern tnside
of ten rounds or forfeit the winner's end of the purse

Alec Brown, matchmgker of the Seaside Sporting
Club, says that the club by the sea will vot hold any
more popular priee shows and that the Sharkey Fils
«immons encounter will be the last battle to be decided
in the building this year unless Jim Jeffries is ale
to geton's bout with the victor of the Sharkey- Fitz
“go!

Fiver since Andy Walsh was defeated ao handily
by "Kid" Carter he has been itching to meet his con

eror again, Walsh declares tiet when he met Car

 

     

ter his ribs were sore naa resuitof hie essay with Joe
Waleott, Sesterday Carter and Walsh signed art!
cies and they will tn all probability meet at the Green
wood A, CC. in a few weeks

A. and t., New York —As the decision went against
Fiizsimmons when he and Sharkey met in San
Franctse>, Ruh

lin naturalle wets the oredit of bein
knock Sharkey out When Fite and
Sheri ey met the Cornishman taid theesz-Sallor low
with a stomagh blow, but Wyatt Farp, the referee
declared tiat Sharkey bad been fouled.

the first mant

Dan Creedon and Jack Peyton were scheduled to
box twenty Ove rounds near V oshington on Wednes
dav night, W 1 the men were about to enter the
tring Sherif? Shea of Prince George county, Md,
and twenty-five ceputies made thelr apprearanceandre
fused to let the bout wo on The club managers are
trying to ina’ ¢ arrangements to pull the affair off on
neat Wednesday nigut

Joc Waleott yesterday received a telegram from
the Cadiline A.C. of Detrolt Inquiring tf he would
meet “Rube” Ferns, Walcott alten that he would
and is waiting for an answer A elub in Cincinnat!
fs thinking of bringing Walcott and Peter Maher
together Wricott save he is satished Maher has
been communicated with and Joe is waiting to learn
What the Irishman has to say

  

 

The San Franctaco athletic cluba are going to make

& Sirenuous effort to secure some of the big Matic events

after Sept. 1. The National and Olympte A. G, the

two leading cluba on the Pacific coast, are going to
’ late

bid for a 285 round rv etween fe s

and the victor of the Sha: Fitzsimmons ene

wr A purse will also be offered for a bat between

Terty MeGovern and Jit \nthon Vustralla

et ler lve rd fram SA

ane ' pro t vorting mai ft t
ATih trier the 1 « rant oF ‘ ‘«

honors, \s ih te thir ' ‘ the

big I-iiows sooner or later ihose w a

hank pubupt hands declare Grift avery

On his feet and & very ati? puneher tr i s

  

matched to boa Jor Kennedy, the ¢
wes trimmed so easily by Peter Maher in the Bast

 

a | fie

Ra’