WGINNITY IN GREAT FORM.

nis PITCHING HELPS BROOKLYN To
WHITEWASH PITTSBURG,

 

Game at the
City and Increase Their Lead
—Chicago Blanke New York--Boston De-
feata St. Louis and the Cincinnatis Win,
With Joe McGinnity, the “Iron Man,” in the
box, the champion Brooklyns whitewashed
the Pittsbures
of a ceries that appears to have a direct bearje
on the final result of the pennant race.
Jon's men increased their lead over the Pitts
burgs to 86; olnis, but they atill have two more
games to play in that city, The New York
tallenders were shut out by Chicago,
makes their fourth straight defeat and lowers
them into the 300 class again,
outplayed the Philadelphians, who are now in
inwer of losing third place,
with St. Louls and may pass Chicayo under
favorable circumstances,
Brooklyn, 8; Pittsburg, 0.
Chicago, 2; New York, 0.
Boston, 8; St. Louls, 1.
Cincinnat, 6; Philadelphia, 3,

THR RECORD

Champions Take the

The Cincinnatis
Boston got away

The results

3 847 St. Louls .
44 .616/Cincinnall....
47 47 .600\New York

BROOKLYN, 8: PLTTSBURG, 0,

PicrspukG, Pa, Aug, 16-~lho Pirates wero
easy victims of MoGinnity’s peculiar under-
Not at any stage of the
they have the «| gtest chance of
i For eight inaings ouly six of Clarke's
n reached first and
In the ninth O'Brien |
id went to second

hand delivery to-day.

on Williams's single,
came after Wagner had been retired,
wy hit eharply to Daly and the gam
ended by a apeedy double play at secon

‘he ok

oo

1 Jennings, 1b0

-oseos
o-oo

| eee aename

enmeou~-~-co
te | to One Do
| Cee comms

t

loco-acons
N

a)

Totals.....61

elo
tw.

~
~~:

) bases—Keller (7), Dely, Jennings

by Hustings, 1;

Of Phillippe,
Hit by piteher—
Time-—-1 hour aod $0 min-

First base on balls
of McGinnity, |

CHICAGO, 2; NEW YORK, 0,

' Lhe New Lorks could not
irifith to-day and although Mercer pitched
cellent ball and received good support Chicago
here was never a atage of the struggle
was dangerous and when
ayé destroya)

men were on bases rapid double
nicago plaved

iat little hope
in defensive, McCormick
put their base running was bad, asd
but for brainless work on the
to sacrifice their majority would
been much larger.

tllows and fal,

RK. HH. PO. AE.

RH. POA.F.!
OV n Hin, of.0

State

0! Hickman, 4b.0

© Greason, 2b
' Grady, @. «0.4

lowe~

0| Totals..,..0

oé€
-

Stolen base—Davis First
Struck out—By Mercer,
Of Mercer, 1; off GriMith, 2,
Double plays—Geen and Gangel; Childs, McCormick
and Gauze (2); Smith and Doyle

Two-base hit—Ganzel
base on errors—Chicago,
First base on balls

Left on bases—
Hit by pitched bdall—
Umplre—Swartwood

BOSTON, 3: ST. LOUIS,

St. LOUIS, Aug. 16.—Boston began here to-day and
after a battle royal with the local icam won.

9
>
.
°

ol ee nomencacoP
clocoscoccoP

Rn
Ham!!ton,ef.0

Donovan, rf 0

Diliard, 3b...0 1 Collins, 3b.,

|
vncoce

©| Lowe, ab...
O/Sullivan, ¢.

McGann, 1b.0

-oMH sooo

aloom-moco-k
loowac

1
we
x

 

ab ocococw uno.

ca

‘ones in the eighth inning.

oo000
000010
Hamilton — Three-base
Lowe. First base on balls—Off Dineen, |.
By Dineen, 2; by Jones, 2.
Donovan. Umpire—Hurst,
hour and45 minutes. Atten

CINCINN ATI, 6; PHILADELPHIA, 3.

—-The Cincinnatls bunched
azer and won 4 good gume
iphias, For siz innings the score
was close, but in the seventh the Reds made two ain-
¢) bles, which with Lajole’s error
ave the locals a command-

We LOUIS. cere eeeeeeee eee
hits—Hetdriek

CINCINNATI, A

ing iead. Fraser and
the ninth with @ brace of doubles. Crawford ma
good one-handed catch off Lajoie’s bat The cro
leat ef the season,
(oreatened tain. The soore:

PRLAD ES A.

parlly owing w&

5
z
=
—

oven,
>

=
looooecooc™

ont
ote

ed
> wl CoCCOM Om OF

-

 

cs; =
COD Ontn

| onmma

 

cl Hommonmno
Ne
on

=

~ vel nce onmoecc
o-

~ o|

 

I

Two base bite—Steinfeldt (2). Beckley (2), Lajole,
Three- base h'te—-Murphy, Wol
tolen bases Thomas, Muar
omas, Stetnfelds. Strick ou
Frater, 4 First base on balls—Of Breitenstein,
Fraser, 8. Hit by pitcher—

Umpiue—Emsile.

Breitenstein, 1.

American League.
waukee—Milwaukee, 3; Chicago, 4.
At Buffalo—Indianapoils, 5; Buffalo, 2.
At Cleveland— Detroit, 2; Cleveland, v.

 

Eastern League.
At Hartford—Hartford, 2; Syracuse, 0
At Springfield—First game— Springfield, 8; Roch-
on¢, Game—Rocbester, 4, Springfeid, 3.
At Woroester—First game—Worcester, 5; Toronto,
.  Seeond game—Toronto, 8; Worcester, 5
At Providence—Montreal, 8; Providence, |.

Interstate League.
At Newoastle—Newcastle, 6;
At Fort Wayne—Fort Wayne:
At Columbus—Columbus, 2; Toledo, 4
At Marion—Martoa, 1; Dayton, 5.

2: Wheeling, 1.

New York State League.
At Binghamton—Binghamton, 5; Utica, 6.
A\ Cortiand—Oortland, 2; Albany, 4.
A\ E!mira—Elmira, 3: Schenectady, 4
At Rome—Rome, 6; Troy, 5.

Connecticut State League.

At Waterbury— Waterbury. 14: Norwich, 6
At Meriden ~New London, 2; M
At Bridgeport—Bri

9; New Haven, 6
At Bristel—Briatol, 7

Other Games,
AT WAVERLEY.

Batiries—Ging and Accorsint;
AT RICHFIELD SPRINGS.
See 000 1-2

N Attleboro. 0 0 0
Bay heehan and Roth;
AT RICHPIELD SPRINGS

Livp and Bea

Batieries—MeFadden and Dooln; Slade and Beau-
; At Atlantic City—Atlantic City, 6; Cuban X Giants,

to
e
‘
e
re

 

Baseball Games To-day.
NATIONAL LBAGUR AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION.

Brooklyn at Pittsburg, Boston at St Loul t
eiphie et Claeinnat. a

BASTERN LEAGUE

yp Montreal at Worcester, Toronto at Providence,
chester at Hartford, Syracuse at Springfield.

seen

Baseball Notes.

Loyola A. A. have Sept
‘)@ 'n October open for teams offerin

16 and 39 and all

be Howards, who have defeated such}ieams as the
yn F.C, Svellys, Empires and other strong

‘ilLon meat Sunday, play the Alerts on the

» @rounds at Last New Yors

A €reat dea! of interest is being taken as to the oul-

2 annual baseball game

whies we Englewood F
‘ch will be played on the Orange

Considerable rival

apd the players wi

in,

ons

val tomorow
existe between the
exert themselves lo

+ ar

 

 

DAY WARNS THE BALL PLAYERS.

 

 

Not Against Rowdyiem, bat Concerning Their
New Protective Association,

John B. Day, Inspector of Umpires and
Supervisor of Players in the National League
of Professional Baseball Clubs, has sent outa
letter addressed to the members of the Pro-
tective Association of Baseball Players which
reads as follows:

I have been heralded for twenty years as a friend
of the ball player; I fecl that I am a friend of the ball
player, and because I aim I wish to say a few words
to the players regording their proposed Protective
Association,

Boys, don't complete the organization now, the
times are not propitious; conditions are not favoravie
The League would not and could not negotiate with
any organization of its players) The damage done
by the brotherhood has not been forgotten by the
league The game has not recovered from the in-
Jury it sustained nor have the players as yet fully
toned for that most unwise and disastrous move-
ment

lam firmly convinced that If the League had to
choose between meeting 4 secret organization of its
Ravers 4nd the destruction of all its baseball property,

he torch would be freely applied in seven of the League
eities, and that in the other city, Philadelphia, dyna
mite would be Just ae freely u to level to the ground
the grand pavilion, massive outer walls, clubhouse
and field stands of that elegant ball park.

The Brotherhood was formed under Just as plaust-
ble auspices as you are now employing, but think
fot & moment of the disastrous results. ‘The game
would undoubtedly survive another and similar on-
alaught, but it ig doubww ff either the League or the
pluyets could. If you complete the proposed organi-
vation and secure the players from the astern and
A:erican leagues, and secure crounus and uaoctal
backlog, the segue would drive you t the wall in
three months by filling its ranks Irom such players
@s you leave out who would with League trainin
aud Teague money take your place and pate €
in that ime. How much more or it would
be If you feel oppressed by the present miles if the

Isyers from each club would appoint a delegate
rom the club’s players t) meet the Prague atite next
annual meeting, go over the rules in a friendly way,
and see what canbe accomplished for your relief.

l am sure the League would willingly meet auch a
delegation, would discuss propositions with you full
and fairly and possioly you would secure all you as
for in the way of reform. TI appeai ‘o the level-headed
Dlayers of the League, and tals applica to at least
nine out of every ten players to support me and to
Testrain the more {mpetuoua players from again at-
tempting to destroy our great national game.

The management should formulate Just rules, play-
ers should obey the rules implictt'y, In this way
only can the game develop as it should ils letter
{5 written without consulting League offictals or play-
ers. I am aure, however, my interest in the game
and In the League and In tue players justifies me in
writing it.

While Mr. Dav appears to be exercised over
the future welfare of the national game, as
Chief of Umpires and Supervisor of Players
he carefnily refrains from commenting on the
row xian that has draw@ed baseball down
Mr. Day has made no public statement con-
cerning the assault upon Umpire Emelie com-
mitted by Jack Doyle of the New Yorks: not
1 word relative to the ronah-and-tumble fight
between Wolverton of Philadelphiaand MeGann
of St. Louls; he has l@nored the threat of Haw-
ley of New York to annthilate a spectator in
Pittsburg with a rock aud aleo the throwing
of a handful of dirt in the umpire’s face by
Daly, the Brooklyn second haseman

 

TROUBLE AMONG BALL PLAYERS,

 

Philadelphia Team May Withdraw as a Re-
sult of the Mc Ganae-Wolverton Fight.

CINCINNATI, Aug. 16.—There is trouble inthe
Protective Association af TRaeseball Players,
eigthe prospect of the Philadelphia team
wi bdrawing from it. It will be recalled that
tiere was a fight at St. Louisthe other day
between MeGonn of the St. Louis team and
Wolverton of the Phillies The serap was
the result of an alleged attempt on
the part of Wolverion to «pike MeViann The
latter then hit Wolverton on the head with the
bail and a general mixup followed. The mem-
f the Philadelphia team declare that
McGann was entirely in the wrong and
they have prepared @ demand on the
association to cancel MecGann's card = in
the association, with the witdrawal of
the entire Philadelphia team suggested as an
alternative. This document has been for-
warded to Secretary Jennings With a request
that speedy action be taken int ¢ matter, The
&t. Louls team, on the other hand, deciares that
it will stick to McGann. And soit would seem
that either St. Louis or Philadelphia wiil with-
draw from the Association. Capt. Delehanty

bers

of the Philadelphia team seid to-day
that McGann's attack on Wolverton was
entirely  rialicious a saw MeGann

stripped in the clubhouse after the gsme and
there was not asc’.tch on hs foot to show that
Wolverton had spiked him. The assault on
Wolverton was a most cowardly act and we will
not stand for it, Wolverton simply. tripped
over McCann's foot in going down to first and
injured himself more than he did Mccann "

 

Magnate Brush Is Pertarbed.

And atill the baseball rumors continue to fly
around the cirou't! Now the story ts that John
T. Brush, President of the Cincinnati club,
emarting under adverse criticiam because of the
downfall of the Reds, contemplates shifting his
team to Washington for next season, where
good ball would be eppreciated. Ashley Lloyd,
partner of Brush in the Cincinnati club, says

e wants to get out of base all in Porktowr,
too, because of the pen and ink cannonade
that has been levelled at the club all season.
Brush says tha’ the Cincinnat! club lost

11,000 last. year and that couble that sum will

‘dropped this season. He declares that he
has put out big money for pliving talent which
bas not mads good. Further, it ta re-
ported, that Bruth {s about to remove his man-
azer, Bob Alien, and will place the Redsin the
hands of Watkins. who has been running the
Indianapolis team since he left the Pittsburg
club. A transfer of the Cincinnatis to Wash-
fag ton on the ficeofitseems both improba-

le and oo as it would leave the circuit
unbalanced.

HINKEY WILL NOT COACH YALF.

 

The Former Football Captain Says Business
Prevents—Other Reasons Ascribed,

TONAWANDA, N. Y., Aug. 16.—Deapite the
announcement that he would assist Walter
Camp and McBride in coaching Yale's eleven
this fall, Frank A. Hinkey, former captain of
Yale, and the man who led that team to victory
in 1804-05, declares positively that he will have
nothing to do with the sons of Eli. ‘You can
eay that I certainly will not @ to New
Haven this fail," said he to the correspon-
dent of Taw Sun, with considerable asperity.

“Il cannot afford to negiect my business
any more to ooach afootbailieam. Every year
about this time this ¥ory gels started, but
there ts nothing in it. Iam going to remain at
home and attend to business." Such are Hin-
key ‘4 reasons ror not answering the call of his
old team, but other people wh sper other rea-

Some say that he is piqued because Camp

60: 8.
and McBride are given prevr gence
over him, and that he wil, not cousent

to be an understuay to men whom he regards
as no more than bisequals. O' hers who know
Hiukey declare that financial considerations
overn him and that he was not treated well
fy the manazemnt of the Yale team whente
went to ita assistance in tast years. But what-
ever his reasons, Hinkey does not seem to tace
the slightest interest in the affairs of Lule.
He refuses positively to discuss the outlook for
the New Haven eleven. But it is easily seen
that he does not takeacheerful view ofit It
is said that Hiakey Coes not agree with McBride
and Camp on methods. He is quoted as saying
that “Successful football playing consists io
beine able to break the rules scientifically.”
Some who know Hinkey will say that business
easora only restrain him from going to New
aven.

Canoeing.
WINDERMERE, Aug. 16. The regatta of the

American Canov Association was concluded |

to-day at hig land, Lake Rosseau. The
weather was favorable, there being a good
sailing breeze from the southwest, but the
races did not attract much attention as no
special interest attached to any one, all the
championship events having been decided
There are yet one or two special prices not
awarded which may be raced for to-morrow.
The most important event of the day was the
saliing race, open canoes, one aud a half miles,
and (harles FE. Archbald added another trophy
© his large collection by winning it with ease
{cTaggart of New York was second. 4 fours
addling race, open canoes, was paddled at
Port Carling or @ special prize given by the
citizens of that place The race was won by
the Britannia Bay four, who were the winners
of the association championship in that class
It has been decided that the Northern or Cana-
dian division will hold the meet next oer.
probably on the t sarronen. and the Com-
modore accordingly will chosen from that
division Tilley of Toronto has declined office
and Button of Gananoque now the most
prominent candidate ummaries:

Ladies’ Hand Paddling--One-eighth of a mile—Won
by Miss Jessie Ames, Lowell, Mass; Miss Sarah

s, Lowell, Mass, second.
aang. Open Canoes—One and a half miles—Won

; Charles E. Archbald, Royal Canadinn Yacht Giub
o We Met agg art, New York Canoe Club, secanc
E. MeNichol, Toronto Canoe Club, third

Lavigne and Erne May Meet Again.

Kid Lavigne yesterday received a letter
from his brother, Billy, to the effect that the
former lightweight champion has been practi-
cally matched to Lox Frank Erne twenty rounds
at Cleveland the latter part of next month
The Kid was much pleased over the prospect
of a contest with the man who wrested his title
from him and is wetting into shape. Lavigne
says that he is feeling well and hopes to beat

Lrne.

LET TTT FE AT! SEPT PEEL
THE SUN,

| Mathews), 2to1, won; St. Cuthhe;

  

LADY SCHORR TILK. WINNER.

ESHER FILLY BEATS A SMART FIELD
FOR THE MUMM HANDICAP.

Gala Day at Saratoga Despite a Heary Track
~Bannockbarn Wins for the Third Time ia
Succession—Diver Reappears at the Jump-
ing Game and Wins in a Gallop—FEntries.

SARATOGA, Aug. 16.—The largest crowd of
the season was present at the racetrack this
afternoon. It was Garden Party day and the
clubhouse aod the luwn were thronged with
guests of the management.

The rain of thie morning had made
the track worse than ever and there were many
scratches, The muin event of the day was
the Mumm Handicap of $5,000, for two-year-
olds, with six starters, Ludy Schorr and Alard
Bcheck were from the stabie of J. F. Schorr,
und were joint favorites at 8 to 6 Pittsburg
Phil made the ciroult of the ring betting on
Maximus, while Rivenoak was backed from
50 to 1 to 20 to 1, and the Musketeer from 10 to 1
©6to1l, Lady Schorr went right to the front
and won, ridden out, by a length and a halt.

The other big event was the Saratoga Hunt
Cup. Higbie opened favorite at 7 to 10, but re-
ceded to even money when Diver was backed
from6to2toé6tos. The race was only a gallop
for Diver, who led all the way and won by thirty
lengths from Champion. Diver bolted at the
stand jump the second time around and Cham-
pion got within three lengtha of him. Veitch
rode over the next jump with his feet out of
the etirrups, but then fixed them and Diver
drew away. Higbie and The Cad fell at the
first Jump.

The first event had only three starters with
Bannockburn an oddson favorite aod he won
his third successive race, pulled up, by @
length. Only four of the eight named raa in
the second race with Compensation and Favon-
{us equal favorites at 2to 1. Buwlmau landed

his second winner on Compensation, who went
to the front at the end of the first half and won
easily by a length from Radford. There were
many good things among the ten that ran in
the fourth race. G Day and Lay ho |
closed equal favorites while Epiaram was back

from 80 to 1 to 10 to 1 and Gupte ity from 10 to 6
to Lotter led to the stretch and then Cyrano
pn | Laey Contrary moved up and finished

a apart

Pe Belmont’s crack horse, Ethelbert,
while ing worked this morning stepped on
astone and pulled up lame. Summary:

FIRST RACr.

For three year-olds and upward; by subserip-
tlon of §! tach to the winner: with §1°0
added, of which $60 to second and $40 tothird:
weights 7 pounds below the scale; penaliles; one

ile

. Sehrether's br. b. Bannockburn, 5, by Hayden

Fdwards—Betiie Liaise, 126 (Bullman)... coe ff
L Waterbury's ch. b Intrusive, 5, 119 Burne) 2
James Arthur's br. c. Hood's Brigade, 3 109 (Free- 8

MiAN)..++. tienen eeeene

 

 

Time, 1:46%. :
Betiing-Five to 2 against Tahnockburn, 11 ted
Intrustvé, 60 to 1 Hood's Brigade.

SECOND RACE

Handicap, for three-year-olds and upward; by sub
scription of $10 each, or 851 deciared othe winner;
with $590 nodded, of which 875 to second and $50 to
third; ome mile and a furlong
BL. E. Berch's br. bh. Compensation, 4, by Tourna-

ment— Citronella, 112 (Buliman)...... 1
L. V. Bell's bik. ¢. Radford, $. 100 (Hemry)........ 2
Daniel & Farrell's b. hb Favontus, 4, 115 (Turner). 3

Gonfalon also ran

. Time, 2:00!

Retting—Two to 1 against Compensation, 7 to8
Radford, 2 w 1 Favonlus, 5 bo 1 Gonfalon,
THIRD RACE

Ths Mumm Handicap for two-year-olds; by sub-
scription of £80 each, or 625 1f declared by June 1;
Starters to pay 850 additional: suMetent mney added
to make the value of the stake 85,000), of which 61.000
to second and 85090 to third: sig furicngs
J. F Schorr's b.¢. Lady Sehorr, by Esher—War

Mantle, 110 (O’Connor) : i
Daniel & Farreii's & ¢. The Musketeer, 105 (lienry) 2
J. F. Schorr's br. ¢. Alard Scheck, 126 (Burns). 5

Tammany Chief, ecinne ane Rivenosk also ran.

ims, 117%

Petting. Five to 3 en Lady Schorr and Alard
Scheck, 4oupled’astthe Schort entry, 5 | against The
Musketeer, 18 to 1 Tammany Chiel, 72 Maximus,
20 to 1 Kivenoak.

FOURTH RACE.

For all ages, non winners since July 6; bysubecrip-
thon of $10 each, to the winner; with $490 added, of
which $69 to second and $4 \o third; weights 10

nounds above the acale: allowances: five furlongs:
Murphy's ch c Cyrano, 4, by Pessara--Brad-
wicl, 11) (CLAWSOD) cceces ceases Pegrsogserocse
W. P. Norton's b. f. Lady Contrary, 3, 195 (Memry) 2
R. Black's ch Gala Day, 5, 1:6 (O’Connor)...... 3
Lolver, Mac¥ lecknoe, terrorist, Beauty Book,
Charawind, Epigram and Cupidlly also ran.
Time, 1:4.

Betting—Six to 1 ainst Cyrano, 20 to 1 Lady
Contrary, 7 0 2Gala Das, 12to! Lolter, 5 to 1 Mac-
Flecknoe, 7 t) 2 Terrorist, 40 to 1 Beauty Book, 200
to | Charawind, 10 to | Epigram, 6 1 Cupidiiy.

FIFTH RACE.

The Saratoga Hunt Cup; a sweepstakes of $16 each;
with, $300 aged. of which $69to second and $4° to
third; owner of the winner to receive a cup yorned 0°
$100, weight for age; a sieeplechase, about two miles

da hall:
Fre . Hiteheook's b. g. Diver, 6, by Clear the

  

Way—DI Vernon, '6° (Veiteh)..... sie sencees &
W. C. Hayes's >. g. Champion, 4, 152 (Brazil) ;
©. 'W. Wadsworth’s ch. g. Higbte, 7, 163 (Donohue)

‘The Cad also ran.

Time, 6:52%.

Retting—Six to Bagainst Inver, 15 to 1 Champion,
even money Higbie, fv to 1 The Cad.

The following |s the programme for to-
morrow:

First Race -Maidens, 3 years old and apward; six

   

  
 

  
 
 

  

furlongs:

Ulm!NAte..se.csese 116 | Mordelmo. ....e0e...... 110

raugbtsman.. 116 | Dan Regan ..ce-....
Convivial. «++ 114 | lord ocnby. totes
Shiftiess 114) Vesper Beis. “
Princeling.. ATO | Douro... ..cusereeee 104
BOUS ...-cvvccercccecreh8O |

Second Nace— For two year-olds; five furlongs:
Telemon Jatenoes 104
Mary McCoy nshot 104

ederich Hand Vice. 98

ellario Colchester os

cAddle.. Gold Thrift 98

‘om Embry | Triaagian.. os
Edgefield Lavalliere.... 95
Erdenia..... |

Third Race—For four-year-olds and upward; sell-

ing: six furlongs:

  

TheBurlington Route103 | Peite Weithoff....... 92
Crossmolina 4... o7 sisie Barnes.... oe
Village Pride.. - 92 | Spurs......

COBB, 0c cesccoresccces 92

Fourth Race—Handicap: one mile and 65 yards:

    

 

 

trusive,.... --126 | Peaceful...

annockburn 126 | fing Bram
Alsike,.... . 104 | Elnus.....
Gonfalon .... .. 106 |

Fifth Race—For three-year-olds and upward; sell-
ing: one mile and a sixteenth:
Dolando .....+....00 VOR | VENA Vo... cece ween 108
Trillo ...cccce.coveeers 196 | Extt.....,. os +108
BEWU c tv tevsesvnscess 105 | Sparrow Wing.,.-.... @1

 

At Highland Park,

DerTrRoIrT, Mich., Avg 16.—It was a bad day for
favorites at Highland Park to-day and the trouble
start d when Matiock, the almost prolitbitive favorite
fn the first race, slipped bis halter while being
saddled, jumped the fence and bolted for the Cane
dian side of the river, six miles away He had not
been caught by the me the races ended, Summary:

First Race—Seven furiongs—Fessy F, 102 (A
Weber), 7 to 10, won; Passaic, 107 (MeQuade), 2 to 1,
second: Viola K, 108 (Landry), 15 to 1, third. Time,

1:20.

Eee ce—Four and a half furlongs—Lady
Faith, 108 (Landry), 4to 1, won; Toad Raney. 108
(Castro), 8 to 5, second: Siroiston, 109 (Coburn), 8 to
1, third Time, 0:86)

Third Race—Six furlongs—-Terminus, 85 (J. Daly),
6 to 5, won: Sweet Caporol, 111 (Coburn). 3 to 5,

cond; Cherry Head, 104 (A. Webber), 20 to 1, third,

ime, | bie ;

Pourth Race-One mile—Lady of the West, 107
(A. Webber), 3 to 2, won: BaMed, 92 (J. Daly), 9 to 5,
second; Magog, 05 (L. Thompson), 100 w 1, third,
Time, 1:42

rifth Race—Stx furlcurs—Left Bower, 194 (J,
Daly), 11 to 5, won; Nancy Till, 103 (Landry), 2 to 1,

cond; Rey Salasar, 105 (McQuade), 4 w 1, third

ime, 1:15.

Sixth Race-Six furlongs—Jucoma, 107 (C. Wilson),
Sto 1, won; Sack Lien, 07 (Webber), to 1, second:
Queen Anne, 102 (Coburn), 10 to |, third. Time
1:18.

 

At Windser.
WINDSOR, Aug. 17.—The Bandionp for two year-
olds, five furlongs, was the erent the siath race

cad at Windsor to-day, but the race proved a walk-
ever (or Battus, on whom the books only offered 2 to
$8. Summary

First Race—Seven furtongs—Rebecea Wells, 103
(Harsbberger), 4 to 1, won; Momentum, 112 (Hewitt),
b to 2, seouond; Cousin Letty, 108, (Miller), 601,
third. Time, 1:30%

Second face—Six furlongs—Corder, 14 (J. Martin),
& to 1, @on; Sevoy, 100 (Irving), 6 to 1, second;
Spousterenseel, 1) (B. Robertson), 12 to 1, third

ime, 1:16.

Third Race-Five jurlongs—Battus, 115 (Miller),
even, won; Regina Lee, 106 (MH. Wilson). 7 to 2.
second; Pine Chip, 08 (Harshverger), 6 to 1, third
Time, 1:04

Fourth Race—Five and one-half furiongs—Bum-
mer. 16 ¥. Martin), 7 to 2. won; Expelled, 106
(Hicks) 6 to 1, second: Acushia, 100 (EB. Robertson),

3tol, third ‘Time, 1:08

Fifth Racge—Steeplec! short course —- Mavour-
neen, 130 (W. Jebnson), \2 to 1, won; Slasher, 133
(Hi~gins), 7 to 2, second; Lord Parandole, 166 (C.

rown), AtoS, third. Time, 2:58.

Sixth Race~One and one-siatrenth eit To.
Mast, 111 (Martin), 11 to_5, won: Beauldeal, 111
(Flint), 6 to 1, second; Miss Souk, 107 (Miller), 4to1,
third, Time 1:50

At St. Leuls.

LovuIS, Aug. 16.—The races to-day resulted as
folluws
First Race—Six and a ball furiongs—Very Light,
i? (Dominick) 5 to 1, won; Elsie Venner, 05 (Dale),
to },

 

second; Sangamon, 110 (Failehy), 15 to 1,

third. Time, 1 23%
Second Race—One mile—Kitty Clyde, 06 (Dale), 0
to 5, won; Terry Ranger, 109 (‘Van Dusen), 15 to 1,

second; Waldeck, 101 (Dominick), 6 to 1, third. Time,
1:44%,

Thitd Race-Sta furlongs—Orleans, 103 (Dom!-

'7 (Dale), 7 to 1, second;

a Range, 105 (Gilmore), 6 to 5, third. Time,

‘Fourth Race—Six furlongs—Loving Cup, 110 (i.

 
    

nick). 8 to 5, won; Seething,

 

FRIDAY, AUGUST

 

 

105 (Fallehy),
6 tw 5, second; ‘Triaditea, 104 (J. T, Woods), 4 to},

third = Time, 1:15,

107 (Frost), 11 to 5, won; Chorus Boy, 104 (6, Math
ews), 2 to 1, second; Pinar del Rio, LatyDale), 100
to 1, third, Time, 1:50%4

Siath Race-Six and
1°65 (Olimore), 7 to 10, won; La Mascots, 108 (/, T.
Woods, 16 to 1, seoutfd; Chemisette, 105 (Dominick),
6 to 1, third. Time, 1:23%

At Harlem,

OHMICAGO, Aug. 16.—The track at Harlem was deep
in mud and fully 15 seconds siow w-day and under
uch circumstances good sport Was out of the ques-

va Summary:

Firs: Race—Four and a half furlongs—Sad Sam,
109 (W. Jones), 5 tol, won; Woodstick, 106 (Talley),
12 to 1, second; Shut Up, 109 (WinkfMeld), 5 to 2
third. Time, 604-5

Second Race—One mile and 20 yards—Etta, 106
Tailey), 444to |, won; The Unknown, 111 (Bioss), 6

5, second; Nobleman, 122 (Kiley), 5 to 2, third.
Time, 1:64

Third Race—One mile—Obseidian, 104 (Talley), 4 to
1,won; J J.T, 104 (Knight), 7 to 2, second; Blue
Don, 106 (Winkfeld), 6 i, third ‘Time, 1:65,

Fourth Race—Prairle Stakes: one mile anda six-

teenth—Great Bend, 107 (Duper), 4 to 8, won; Olnet, |

94 (MeGina), 10 to J, second; Macy, 107 (Bergen), 7
to 2. third: Time, 1:66.

Fifth Kace—One mile—Josephine B., 194 (Talley),
® to 2, won; Lennep, 106 (lhioss), 7 to 1, second; Ben-
teh, 106 (MoGinn), 7 to 2, third, Time, 1:49 4-5,

Siath Race--One mile--Pit(all, 106 (Dupee), 8 to 1,
won; Martha Fox, 99 (Se.ton), 10 to1, second; Marioa
Lynehb, 00 (Talley), 6 to1, third Time, 1:53 1-5,

W. C, Whitney's Faturity Posstbilitics.

Saratooa, Aug. 16.-John E. Madden will
ship his string of horses and those of W. C.
Whitney in his charge to Sheepshead Bay to-
morrow. Ballyhoo Bey and Elkhorn, who will
carry Whitney's colors in the Futurity, are in
grand shape, and Madden fully expecta to see
Elkhorn down Cap and Bells and Olympian, who,

acoording to followers of the turf, have the race
cornered for their owners, J. R. and F. P. Keene.
khorn has worked very fast here, far better
ap any of the candidates which are quartered
at the track, and there are many who hope to
see him win the big race for his owner, who is
one of the beat supporters of the turf.

Wants James KR, Keene and William ©, Whit-
ney to Send Horses to Californias.

Saw TRANCISCO, Aug. 16.—On the authority of
acting Mayor Joteph Tobin the purenase by
Prince Ponlatowski of the controlling intervsts
in Ingleside and Tanforan reoetracks is oon-

firmed. Prines Pon atowekt as the chief officer
0: two big tracts will try to Poperate with
davies R. Keene and William ©. Whitney in the

 

East. He intends to go Kast shortly to induce
them to send horses here to race.
NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

Fitzsimmons Boxes for Women and Children
ata Cyclist’s Festival.

Bob Fitzsimmons gave a sparring exhibition
such @s probably neither he nor any other
pugilist ever gave before. He boxed two
short-round set-tos before an audience of about
1,500 persons composed mostly of woren and
children, The boys went wild with delight,
and even the women and the girls seemed
pleased, It came about through its being
“Wheelmen’s Day" at Bergen Beach. The
management issued tickets lavishly to the
eveling clubs and riders generally and the
tickets had attached to them coupons that
provided free enjoyment of all the caronsseis
and other attractions at the place, including a
sight of Fitzsimmons “io training.”

 

juveniles and women, and they began to arrive
at the resort early in the afternoon. There
were prizes offered for the clubs having the
largest attendance, but they cid not begin to
come in‘any considerable number until even-
ing. The Sutton and Mutual wheelmen were
firat to appear, and there was a gencrous sprink-
ling of riders wellknow n on the road and path,
among the early arrivals, D. M, Adee, Alex
Schwalbach and Will R. Pitman met, and one
of the trio remarked: ;

“This is the greatest gathering of old timers
I have seen outside of a cycle show.”

Among the women noticed were Mrs. F. R.
Bayne and Mrs. J. Lin ‘eay, of century riding
novoriety; }
Bolton. The exhibition by “Lanky Rob” was
the first thing on the programme. From the
time the former champion left his house to

© to the big hall whera the exhibition was

eld, he had in his wake a crowd of 800 or 400
excited boys, who whistled and cheered to
the limite of their breath, Inside the hall the
emall boy overran _{t and waa too much for
the attendants. Fits first anpesred in the
gallery. clad in a polr of working trunks and
sandals and put in five or six bouts with the
bag. The enthusiasm of a new class of specta-
tors, the presence of his wife and little boy,
whom he once playtully chased out of the gallery
for bothering him, seemed to have an effect
on Bob and his work was earpest and desers+
ing of applause. After the bag pun hing
a mat was 6pread on tne big dancing Moor an

the lanky one had first a “go” with Bob Arm-
strong and next with Jefl Thorne. Mothers
stood children on tables and held
them yn to see the mimic fight, and
little girls who at first were afraid to look got
excited and were “rooting” for one or the other

160 before the boute ended. As for the smal]

oy, he screamed and whistled so shriliy that
conversation was difficult. On the whole, the
unusual crowd seemed as appreciative of the
fast and clever boaing as @ crowd of veteran

sports and although it was only practice work |

for the men it was as good an expibition as
frequently is seen at big benefita in the Garden.
The women and chil ree drifted away as dark
approached and then the wheelmen appeared
in force and took possession. It was a novel
re and altogether a very successful one.
t was arrang By Charles T. Karl, the ama-
the Kf

teur racer, 0! ngs County Wheelmen.

 

The settlement of the question of superiority

between the rival members of the police “bike

tant as ever

squad” seens to be as far dis i
New York

Roundsman John Scheuasler o

and Patrolman (harles Beussler of Brooklyn

have each received special permission to meet
in a race, but the contest has not been arranged
although both declare themselves willing and
anxious. Uaussler told areporter of Tne Sun
that he was 60 anxious for the matter to be de
cided that he would ride withouta stake.

Last night a new aspirant for the championship

announced himself in the following letter:

To THE Eptror OF THE SUN-—Sir:
is to be no race between Roundsman Scheusslerof the

New York ‘bike squad," and UMficer Haussler of the
Brooklyn squad, !t would give me great pleasure to

meet Round¢man Scheussier for the champtonship,

the race to be the best two out of three, one-mile heats.

Respectfully yours, JouNn J. WATERS.
NEw YORK, Aug. 14.

Waters isa me! er of the New York ‘bike

squad,'’ and is known to be a speedy rider.

 

A telegram was received here yesterday
nouncing the death on Wednesday of F. P.
Van Valkenbur

8in.
chief consul, was prominent in the national
gounote. iis death was said to be due to hay
ever.

 

O. B.—-You can hey the L. A. W. by sending
$2 and an application, indorsed by two reputa
ble citizens, to Becretarv-Treasurer John F
Clark, 132 Nassau street, New York.
initiation fee is $1: the anneal dues are 75 cents
and the aubscription to t La. A. W. monthiv
ear, this last ing optional.

is 25 cente a All
riders should aid in the L. A work. The
Century Road Club fs peculiarly an organiza-
tion to promote road riding, especiall, can.
turies. he initiation. fee Is #1. the annual

dues $1.50 and century bars, after being earned,

cost 50 cente each. For C. R. C. information
ddresa C. C. Wylander, 48 Charles street, New
ork.

 

Cricket.

The Kings County C, C. treated an eleven of the
Manhattan ©. C. to a surprise yesterday at Pros-
pect Park, and would have soored a victory over
their more powerful neighbors had there been time
left to finish the game. As ft was, they had decidedly
the best ofa drawn game. G, W. Barnes started the
King's County's good work, and he made @ prolonged
stand for the third wicket with T. Hole. The Iast

named eveutually secured top score of the match with
@ bard bit tontogs of 46, while Barnes's contribution
amounted to $8. G.C. Most!l also played tn good
form for 32, not out, and the Innings was declared
closed with seven wickets down for 143. H. FE. S
Adams and MH. Nothsur did the best batting for Man
batian, while A. J. Gray and F. J. Prendergast suc-
ereded in playing out time. The score:

KINGS COUNTY CC. | | MANHATTAN ©. c
G. W. Barnes, c. and Notbsur, bh

   

 

 

b. Burrows....... - $8 | _ Barnes ....... coves 10
A. Nugent o Gray, B | EB. Howard. lb w.,
Adem : ‘oe pie Pr 4
F. Hoyle, ¢ Pitegib- W. Adam, runout... 9
bon, b Adam 3\H. B S Adams, «.
C. T. Hole, 6. Not sub, b. D. Boatil,. 17
sur, B Gray... 46 | W. Burrows. «. q
; Boalt, no§ out... a2 Boxiii, b Barnes... 8
. Boal, ¢ Warrener, b D.
gast, bh. Nothsur.... 2 Roxitl ae he
A. Straw, @ Wham- ED. Whammond, b.
mond b. Gray... & Barnes. 1
G. Jeunnott, . Noth-] W. Huicher, b&b D.
aur qpauabeas a BOR ess sc0 a 0
Ad. Seale, Did | Ad (ray. not out 0
F. Challenger, } not yP @
i Neritan, bat. 7
Pier scea des etees:
OE DYER... cere
No ball to seeeeee teeee ‘

 

TORD .ceveee.cececes 87

 

Footbal .otrs.

The St. Alphonsus football cieven are now ready to
ames with oll teams aversging 145 und:
and also would like to book games with all teams

prevaging Tatypeunds, Nl afer a enpoabie ear

 

 

  

} —S {
4 half furiongs—i ree Lady, |

Thousands
of the tickets evidently fell into the hands of

Mrs. Hitcheock and Mra. Charlotte |

| for valuable silver cups,

As there

an-
of Miilwattkee, who was one of

the leading workers for the L. A. W. in Wiscon-
He served on the Racing Board and, asa

The

. aye ea

4 oe Mae ae

   

HARNESS HORSE CAMPAIGN,

fth Race-—One mile and a sixteenth—Col. Gey, |
| JOR PATCHEN ENJOYING A WEER'S

 

RESPITE AT GOSHEN.

Trainer Dickerson Says the Grand Olid Pacer
Is GoM Better Than Ever—Why Eckers
Did Not Drive Geraldine in the M. and M.
Stakes at Detroit—Arion to Race Again.

John Dickerson, the energetic pilot of that
grand old pacer, Joe Patchen, 201%, came
to town yesterday from Goshen, the home of
the American trotter, for a short respite from
hie exciting campaign work and incidentally
to learn something about the classes and con-
ditione for the meetings at Charter Oak Park,

Hartford and at the Pmpire City track. He

has some of his campsigning string entered

 

/ in the closed events at Hartford and expects

to make entries in the open events. The king
of his stable, Joe £atohen, is engaged at Allen-
town, Pa., during the Hartford Grand Circult
meeting, but the black horse may be etarted
in the free-for-all pace at Empire City track.
Dickerson is laying off this week at Goshen.
He says that both himself and the horses are
thoroughly enjoying thelr return to the home
track. John grows enthusiastic when Joe
Patchen's name is mentioned.

“Why,” eald he, “the old horse is going gamer
and better than he ever did in his life. Like
good wine, he improves with age. You know
he used to be quite sluggis! and had to be urged
to his speed, but he ts not that way now. Not
a bit of it. Geis so gay that I have to restrain
him {n his work, and he fools me at that. He
actually wants to pace away with me. I was
giving him a work out the first of this week on
the Goshen track, and thought I would let
him go a mile in about 2:12 or 2:15. He breezed
along to the first half in 1:08, and it was only
play for him. Theo he concluded he would
rato himself, I guess, for he went the next half
much to my surprise, for I had no idea he was
going so fast, in 1:01%, the last quarter in 80
seconds. I never even sucked a tooth at him,
but Just sat there and thought I was rating
him at about a 2:12 galt. The mile was finished
in 2:09."

“How about the race between Patchen and
Gentry at the Goshen meeting next week?”

“Lam sorry to say that while Gentry is im
proving rapidly aince his accident, which re
sulted in # sprained ankle, he will probably
not be well enough to start at that time. Mr
andrews his trainer and driver, as well as
everybody else who knows the two horses,
fs aware that Gentry must be [n the very best
o* trim to give Old Joe a race and, very wisely,
they will net start him unless he is in rood
condition, The Goshen Driving { ark Ateocin
tion bas regretfully abandowed all idea of that
most attractive feature and as the next best
t ing has decided to offer a substantial purse
for ratchep to ro against the track record,
2:06, now held |y Gentry.”

“How about the two Helens in the Parkway
Farm Stakes, to be trotted next Thursday?”

“Woll, that is a sharply pointed question,
Of course, I think a}! kinds of good things about
Helen Simmons. She ts going good and has
won very clever races so far this season. I
am informed that Helen Grace is also going
good, and it should be @ corking race,”

Local feeling is running high at Goshen
nbout the two Helens, It is almost as great
as that manifested abcut Gentry and Patehen.
Hoth are handsome young mares and show
close to an equal turn of spesd. All of the
attachés of the Ardeu Farms stable are cou-
fident that Helen Grace will carry off the hon-
ora, while those in John J. Mot'arty's stable
are equally enthusiasu* over the chances of
lielen Simmons. The latter has covered her-
eelf with glory in her races this year. Helen
Grace has pot been started, but she is known

to be very fast
One of the best-known and sguarest old-
time trainers and crivers, “Ras” Eckers, ia

{n the city looking over two or three offers
he has received to take charge of stables for
the remainder of the season. He iancled
Col. Goft's erring, of Proviience, up to the
opening of the Grand Cirouit maeting at Dea-
troit, where he expected to drive Lady “er-
aleine in the M. and M. $10,000 Stake, wiich
she won. It will be rememberei toat on the
evening before the race it was given out
that the mare had been sold and that Fad.
Geers would drive her in the classic event.
In speaking about the matter yesterday Eckers
showed that he was cevly hurt at the man-
ner in which Le had been treated.

“For nearly a year,” he said, “I bad thought
I would lave a chance t win the big stake.
Not only that, but my wife and family were
almost as intensely interested in it as I was,
We rarely sat down to a meal, but somethin
was eald about it and the entire season's work
centred in that event and my chances for
driving the winner of jt. On the mornin
before the race, Col. Goff met me and shoo
hands as cordially as ever. Nothing what-
ever was eaid ab ut the mare betng sold or the

slightest intimation made that Geers was
folne to drive her. When I was told liter
» the day that she had been sold and that

Geers was going to drive, 1 was thunderstruck.
I could not believe it and t now know that there
was no enle. Had I n told openly that
the Colonel would prefer to have Geers drive,
tunking he received a better chance to win
1 would have agreed without a werd; but
eit burt that such an elaborate plan shoul
avehbeen made to throw me off. have not
yet decided as to what I will do, but have offers
under consideration. which will probably be
deci’ed this week.”

Eckers hails from Sedalia, Mo. and has
handled good horses in his time, among them
the gray trotting stallion Surpol, 2:10, and the
trotting mare entucky Union, 2:07,. He
is known as a straightforward and honest
reinsinun.

Secretary James M. Reilly of the Tri-State
Futr, to be held at the Guttenburg truck Sept.
18 to 22, hus issued wn attractive list of classes
and purses for the light harness hore#s. Two
free-for-ull classes huve been arranged for
the New_York Road Drivers’ Association and
the New Jersey Road Horse Association, There
will ulso be « race for road riders’ teams, all
In addition to these
ses ure: 2:35, 2:14, 2:20, 2:50, 2:12, 2:17

free-for-all trots; 2:15, 2:25, 2:20, 2:88
and a free-for-ull for pacers, Entries will
close on Sept. 4. Hopples will not be barred,
The old distance rule will govern, and no con-
ditional entries will be taken,

The Speedway was rather heavy yesterday
or fast work, and only a few of the road riders
n the city cared to attempt to drive on it. Sey-

eral of them Jogged their horees over the park
roads and returned to their stables. A laree
number of the Speedway brigade are making

the cl
2:30 an

| preparations to return to the city for the mat-
r

oe at the ipapire City track on Sept. 8, most
of whom will probably remain for the balance
of the season, There has been ail sorts of talk
this sumyner about getting roadsters tuned up
for the fall driving, and there will doubtless
be some warm arguments.

The noted etallion Arion, 2:07%, and Green-
yrino, 2:10%, have b entered at the Grand
Circuit meeting at Readville next week. Arion
is in the 2:08 trot and Greenbrino in the 2:10
where he will mast Dare Devil, 2:0045, the best
thing in the Village Farm string so far this
Beason,

Charley Hoyt, who won at the Buffalo meetin
last week and got a record of 2:07'{, was sol
in this city last November at the Fasig-Tipton
sale, for $450. It was predicted at that time
that he would take arecord of 2.07 or 2:08 this
year, fie has not only made the prediction
good, but is more than likely to improve his
mark. Hes by Allerton, 2:00%, dam br_ Al-
cantara, a son of George W ihies: granddam
Nena, by Nutwood.

LExinaTON, Aug. 14--The harnesa racing
ere to-day was postponed on acoouns of rain,

he largest crowd in the nistoty of the fair
association was in attendance, {t being esti-
mated that 26,000 nersons were on the grounds,
A rainstorm marred the sport.

SALAMANOA, N. Y¥., Aug. 16.—The trottin
popes wer? postponed to-day on account o!
rain.

MARLRORO, Mass., Aug. 16.—The harness
racing was postponed again to-dav on account
Of rain.

 

On a Slow Track at Freeport,

FREEPORT, Aug. 16.—After being delayed two
days on account of rain ‘he summer meeting of the
Freeport Driving Park Association opened this after-
noon with ea good attendance and splendid racing,
considering the heavy tack. Fast going was impos-
sible and endurancs was more essential than speed,
Summaries:

2:25 class, trotting; purse $590
Mart Allerton, ch. g. By Allerton ( West)....... 1
Gray Sillle. gr. &. (Haines) °
Lady Nestor, b. m. (Nolan).....,
Joy Maker, b. s. (Chandler)....
Corysande, grim. (York). as

Time—2:25, 2:25, 2:24%
urse $500
. by be Jarnete,

¢ eneeseeeos 7
2

   

-
roe
Seen

 

2:27 class, pacing;
Tog Williams, gr.
(Green) ATID
Veiner, ro. m. (Barrett).
Dany, b. F- (Curtls) oes ‘
Abbott Ftll, eb. s, (Carnatban).......8
Eva Victor, b. m. (Jobnson)..
Capt S., b g. (Collins) 4 ar
Attora, ch. 8. (Wee. ncn ca dr.
Mary Me, ch, m_(Holt).... os 6
Time—2:2144, 2:2044, 2:10%4, 251834, 2:20, 2:21%%.

 

one ee
-
SS cone

 

Ne @vone—
aetea~nue
=

F eranme—o

Prince Alert Makes a New Race Record for
Orange County.

NEW BURGH, Aug. 16.—This was the big day of the
midsummer meeting of the Newburgh Driving
Path Assoclaiion There were over 5,0U0 per-
sons present, ard the ‘west racing ever seen in Or
ange nly Was exhibited. Nol only was the track
recoid of 2°)2h4, held by King of Diamonds, lowered
w2 Ort, but the best race record ever made in Or-
age eounty, where so many fat horses
have been bred and campaigned, 25 obtained
by Prince Alert Joho RR Gentry'’s 2:06 at
Goshen was made in an cabidition. In the
nird beat of the 224 class the hay feldin
Ping of Schenectady and Mike W. of Fishkill lan
ing collided. T King's sulky was broken to
ieoes, and ihe horse badly cutand distanced tke

‘a sulky also was broken. but he got inside ihe fag.
Tr the 2:20 cinss the bay celding Robert B. from New
York was favorite before the sare He Saished fourth
in the Gret heal, after striking his knee and then was

Peet oe eM es ee
a a aa Tee ee

| was the sensationul feature.

oer

7 Ss Oras °F

_—————S

drawn. ‘lhe race of the day was the free for all.
Prince Alert, Democracy and the gray staiiion Explott
from Pittston, Pa, started, All are pacers. ‘J he Mince
was favorite and he cutout the pace at the start of
tach heat and won Baadily, Summaries:

2:24 class, wothing; purse $450;
All Right, b. g., by Dor.ybt (Shear)......
Peter Swilt. i € (Heyden).
Brigham belle, bs. (harrison)...
Mike W,, eb. «. (Prinkerhoff).....
Little Maud, }. m. (Harrison)
Willow, ch «a (Miller
Lotue, ch. m. (Newdecker)
Roman, b g. (Gostin) eee
Quarter Note, br. g. (Murphy)
Deilbar, b g, (Smiib),.
Nelile May, bik. m (Coyne)
Atbo, br. m,. (Lynan)........
*aul Smith, b. g. (Thompson)..

Ing, ch. g. aay! ' see
Time~2'10}4, 2:1014, 2.20,

Free for all, trotting and pacing; purse $1,000;
Prince Alert (pacer), b ¢., by Crowa Prince

Till, pedigree unitaced (WBIKES).. cer rc ceees
Democracy (pacer), gr. §. (Cablib. 2
Exploit (pacer). gr. A. (Perrin). ..... cere

Tinme—2:08%4, 2:0044, 2:07

2:20 class, pacing; purse $400;
Counell Chimes, bil s (Perrin)
Sicila Wilkes, bom (Meredith
Whirlwind, b g. (Johnston) eeee
Sir Arthur Wilkes, bik. g. (Brown)....
Jack Fullerton, o. Gardner)
Fiaver Koy, br. & (Miller)...
Robert L., bf (SDOAP) csesees ccc ceeseee 0 eoeeees

Time—2:2144, 2:10%4, 2:21.

SEARCHLIGHT IN THE LEAD.

 

 

1
4
2
12

 

5
4
7
6
9

 

i

CCl -eneonov-

Un —- Ces e00N~—

s

i
eonesence 14 10 33
10 18 dia

ere
en

 

& 2nSen-—
Te oODvee—
Ceenra~

 

a

 

 

Wins a Mard-Fought
Lady Geraldine Beats Frank Creamer.

GLENS FALL, Aug. 16.—It was after 4 o'clock
before the horses were started in the Grand
Ctreuit meeting this afterno n. It had rained
hard during the night, and the track was from
three to four seconds slow when the racing be-
@in. The favorite: continued to be bowled
ever. In the unfinished 2:19 trot, with a heat
credited to Lady Geraldine and tw Frank
Creamer, Maggie Anderson stil remained
favorite. In ihe third heat she made two

 

‘ round of

{ pleaty of it, and at one tim
| matches goin, on at

|

    

CLOSE TENNIS AT NEWPORT,
FOUR FAVORIT “8 WIN MATCHES BY
NARROW MARGINS IN CHAM-
PIONSHIP SINGLES,

 

Black and Gore, the English Experts, Beat
Opponents In the Second Kound, bot Their
Form Is Disappointing — Allen Beaten
After Winning «a Love Set From Davis,

Newerort, Ave 16--The third day's play io
the National Cham: ionsoip Lawn Teanis Tours
hament at the Casino here to-day was the most
sensational doy's tenuis seen in America in

Many seasons Not that there were any

toarked upsets, for all of the eight favorites

ultimately won their matches in the second
the chainplonship singles. Four of
th: cracks picked to win got into trouble and
thore were three

ihe saine time, with the

| Scores Sianding ai two sols to one against the

}

Race at Glens Falls |

}

 

|

Taeth Who eveniualy won

The chief iuterast of the day centredin the
doings of the visiting british experts, Black and
Gore, and the play of both was a big disap-
polutment. When they made auch a weak
showing at Longwood last week in the Interna-
tio.al matches it was argued that they had not
beceme accustomed to tie new conditions, nor
were they r.d of their ‘sea legs.”

Gore had Haicombe Ward for an antagoniat,
They played on the charaplonship court before
the gran ‘sand, not becaus® Ward wa. expected
to make any showing ayainst the formidable
British base-line expert, but because the crowd
wanted to aeo the v.aitor play. 1c was @ com-
plete surprise, ie fore, woen Ward not only

| pushed the Fngh-limano bard, but came within

a ingle game of beating hii tn four sete,
Gore showed Only Ove powerlul stroke, @

breaks which put her out of {t and Geraldine , rifio forvhund drive off the ground, and 6

won iteasily. Maggle went for the fourth heat,
but before the three-quarter post was reached
Maggie acted badly, leaving Geraldine an easy
winner.

Anaconda was an even favorite against the
field in the 2:04 pace; which afforded some of
the best racing of the season. In the first heat
Frank Bogash followed Anaconda the most of
the way around and drove liim out atthe finish.
Bogash <e! the pace in the second heat, with
Anaconda right up. Searchlight trailed closely
and onthe last stretch tie three caine down
tide by side, with Searchiight in the lead. In
the next heat Anaconda caught the lead on the
turn aid headed the fieli down the side and
around to the wire with Searchlight and Bo-
gash fighting hard But it was Anaconda's
time for pacing and he didit. The fourth hear
Searoulight nad
the long mile t) go. Withan even start the
three horses vw ent to te three-quarters side by
side. Then down the stretc. the horses came.
old “Search” and Auaconda making the fight.
Tie former, a6 to Ishot, won,

Nigger Jack was j layed to win the 2:14 trot by

the talent, he selifng for $25 to $20 for the
fleid. He led all the way the firet time and won
easil’, although it was evident Iria made no

eorious attemnpt. Nell Gwynne set the pacein
the next two heats and was not headed for tle
mile, Summarios:

2:19 class, trotting; purse, $1,500,
Lady Geraldine, Bb m, ty Constantine

(Geers) & eevegede abe veceuyeasees ; 3-4
Frank Creamer, br €. (Arthur).... rT i a
Maggie Anderson, b m. (Dellinger)... 5342
Pierrot, br MeDowell).......seserseees $433
Winn'fred M., br. m. : Davis) 4654
Bo Rene, b. m. (Lockwood) dis.

Tine—2 11%, 2:11%4, 2:15, B14lg
2:94 class, pacing: two in three heats; purse $1,000;
Searchlight br. 4, by Darknight—Nora

Mapes, by Furor (McCerthy) ...-.. $131
gascase bug (Motienry) ssovcseoeoe @ 1 8
rank Bogaan, br. 8. (Goldem).....ececcees 1223
Chehalis, blk. um. (O'Nell) 4 4 4ro.
Time 2:07, 2:0794, 2:0644, 2.07%.

2:1 4 class, trotting; purse $1,500 (unfinished);
Nell Gwynne, gr. m., by Aleryon (Rathbun) .5 1 1
Niecer Jack, bie. g., by Cyclone (Ambur).....1 6 4
Doi Miller, b. m ieDonald). ‘ cvscscee @ 8
Tris O., & tm. (MeCail esses eceee evened 6 6
Dainty Daffo, bik. m. (Baldwin)........6. wee 2
Alic. Barnes, b, m. (Noble) ees eecneesoem @ ©
Teto, b. m (Burch)........+6 8 Tadis

Time—2:1434, 2:14. 2:1446

A Good Day's Sport at Cleveland,

CLEVELAND, Aug. 16.—Althouch sixteen heats
Were trotted and paced atthe Valiey wack this after-
foon, ‘he week's programme wsnot cleared up. In
the first race of the afternoon, 2:26 trot, Wilkes Girl,
the favorite, did Loteome out stiong., Laura Dackus
won the &rst two heats off the reel, but Olney, with

Nneonto, Was waiting forachanuee. He captured the

‘th heat with the daughter of Blue Vein,
ed after that the race was never in doubt,
lt took six heate to decide the 2:20 pace. Mary Keily

Was the favorite for the 2:27 pace, and she stowed the
speed of the party by winning tn straight heats.
Daisy Elder and Jessie L. divided the honors in the
unfinished 2:16 pace, feach winning a heat Sum-
Maries:

2:26 class, trotting: purse §390:
Oneonto, bo m, by Biue Vein

(Olney) ane soo

Laura Backus, bil. m. (Vail) ....2

Ada Medium, ch. m_ (Bronson),..1

Wildes Girl, b m,. (Humphshir)...4

Sibley, br. g. (Martin:.... aie
abel G., gr. m. (Gahagan)...
ime—2.25)4, 2:26, ie 2:23%4, 2:

i2u.

2-20 class, pacing: puree $300:
Pon. b. g.. by Pluck (Croy).....+++.
Ida K., bm. (Kelly). ... 0.645
obn W., u. €. (Teare).... 05+ +k
soak hanarandy, b. g. (Hunter)....
Annie Hartman, b m. (Hartman)...
M!ss Nestor, bm, (Bronson)
Spark, b mw. (Geyser)... 0... .sceer ees 5
Time—2:18, 2:19%4, 2:20, 2:20, 2:2354
2.27 class, pacing: purse $300:
Mary Keily, & m, by Direct (Saunders)
Billy pausing, b & (Ostrander)...
Guiliford oy br « Rush).
Hoghbey V.. b. &. AMturpay)
Waidetta, ro. m. (Richerdson) °
pepe Hal, gr. mm (SDAUCw). eee cee ee eens
r. Khusseil, ch. g. (Meyer ecver
Time~2:2544, 2:2144, 2:25.
2:16 class, paciog; purse $399 (unfinished):
Daisy Elder, gr. m, by Box Elder (Heldric
Jessie L, b m, by Montaigne (Guyette).
Black Cechl, bik, m \Walters)...... acne
r Die Thompson, b. g. (Murphy)...

oe-eeo

Sree
nw enrecon
Suen
¥22

CS ree

~
Gurce-e

  

SSS woe

6
,
3
a
7

ex Foes
Povecun-
Fecamca-

 
 
   

 

 

 

ae aun-
Cx sme

  
  
 

dy Garnet, br. m. (Meyer)
d Ri @. (Jreck) . ; es
Time—2:1544, 2:16.
Champion Jeffries Objects to Coaching by
Seconds While Me Is Fighting.

Aspurny Park, Aug. 16.—Champion James
J. Jeffries still continues to do light training
notwithstanding that he bas no fight in view.
To-day he skipped the rope several hundred
times and took a turn at punching the bag
The Champion is tn thorough accord with the
comment in THE SUN tois morning that coach-
ing at the ringside except during the inter-
mission of rounds should be stopped, :

“t don't want any poay shouting at me while
I am fighting,” said Jeffries, “as it gives me
the ratties and often fos me confused. Coach-
ing between rounds is all well enough, and I
approve of it, but ] want ittogo no further.”

t seems surprising to the boilermaker that
referees have paid so little attention to this
clause of the Marquis of Queensberry rules,
as he thinks it very important and should be
strictly adhered to.

Jeffries is studying the part of Silent Sam
in the new drama, “A Man From the West,”
which has been written especialiy for him

 

Ripple Wins the Cap.

The third and what proved to be the de-
ciding race for the Owners’ trophy was sailed
yesterday on Gravesend Bay in a piping south-
easterly wind. The course was about eleven
miles long, from a mark boat off Bensonhurst

Park to and around a beat in the ship channel
and back to Sea Gate. The starters in their
order of crossing were: Wrinkle, Frederick
G. Bourne; Ricardo, Henry J. Seaman; Ripple,
George K. Brown, Kismet, Samuel D. Kanders:
Katle G., W. F. Waters; Emma_D., Prank G.
Damery; Holy Smoke, Edward F. Girard. On
the first leg the Ricardo got the lead and they
went around the first mark as follows: Ricardo
Wrinkle aud Ripple. The others were bunched

few lengths in the rear of those named. Tha

pple came to time in the next run to the
second mark, getting well up on her rivals
and in the frea run to the finish she paseed
all hands and won by a safe margin, with the
Ricardo second and Wrinkle third.

 

Yachting Notes.

The members of the Canarale Yacht Club will have
a Corinthian race to morrow afternoon, starting at
2:30 o'clock.

There will be an aquatic carnival at the Atiantle
Yacht Club to-morrow. The programme will tn-
clude distance swimming and tub races and fancy
ewimming and diving.

The sixth annual regatta of the Huntington Yacht
Club will be sailed to-morrow. There will be races
for all classes from the 51-footers down. They will
pe started at 11:40 o'clock and race over the course
n the harbor.

The fourth annual open regatta of the Penataquit-
Corinthian Yaeht Club will be satled off Hav Shore
to-morrow. t.ntiries will close this evenine with
Richard A. Pach'a, chairman of the Regatta Com-
mittee. There will be races for all classes under
46 fect. The start will be made at 1! o'clock.

The races for the Robert Center Memortal prizes
will be sailed on Aug. 25 of the Seawanhaka-Corin-
thian Yacht Clubhouse The contests will be for
raceabouts and Seawan 4 knoe! abouts owned
by members Of the club, and the yacht will go over
Knoekabout Course No. 1, a distance of 12% nautical
miles. The start will be at 4 o'clock

NEWPORT, Aug. 16—Thre auxiliary yacht, In-
trepid, owned by Mr Lioyd Phenix, brovent the
smal! knockabout Phifine ffom outside this after
noon undertow. The inter id was outfor a sali and
the Phifine was found with her ensign hoisted upside
down, and on golng alongside it was found that her
Mast waseplit, which rendered her helpieas. There
was quite a sea trunning at ihe time and it was very
fortunate thatthe lotrepid wos at band to render
assistanes.

 

Feouenrtee-

C2uene—
eeenmee

 

 

pended entirely on that and his excellent le!
to ke-p his Opponent away from the net an
wear down the opposition at the base line, Su
tactios migut be very successful in Bnglan
where the volleyers Lever get in very close te
tie pet, butagainst the styie of the American
net players it ix )ot so effective.

Waru is asplendid voueyer of the most ad-
vanced type, bul he bas little ability at making
strokes «ff t-e ground, and if he had not been
sv Weak in thia Le would certainly have won.
Herushed tothe net behind every one of his
fast twist serv ces which “break’’ so erratically
from the bound that the Englisumen complain
of them constantly, and Gore was unable to
stop thiskind of play. Ward had litde diffi-
cully ip killing the visikir'’s stokes at te
net, when he resoued therm at all, but he

to

| found it difficult to get up to the k ling positica

| Wasul

|

| ers,

at ihe net against Gore's deep servic, Ward
teaa, at firs! and lost the first set, but
“tiled down and, getting used to the Brit-

soon
isher, tovk the sevond and third seta, Jn the
fourth, Berd got a led of 5-4 and with his

own service 10 the next game needed only one
game tor the match, The Englishman rose to
tie occasion, however, aud puliead out of this
hole, fina ly winning the last ect also by 6-8.

Biack did not make «ny better showing than
his fellow vi-itor, for he had almost difficulty tn
beating Budiong, one of the serond-cla s play-
who inoide his frst avpearacce of the sea-
sou. Budiong got a lead o: 4—1 on the third
eet, but lostit, O-4, after Black pulled himeelf
together, while in the fourtu Budiong won by
11—0, after Black led at 5-2. Black played very
indiff-reotly, butexel time he gol into serious
difficuities he seemed (0 improve his play
enough to wlio and ie took the deciding set by
e-4

| wo other enterprises were also in store for
the crowd, for young Allen of Yale gave
Dw ght Davis an awful scare, and Collins, the
Western champion, came very cose to beating

Beals Wri cht. Bot), Davis and Wright are rated
as abaulutely first class (his season; in fact they
are cova dered twoot tue four leaders of the

country’s experts, while neither Allen nor Col-
ling waa thought to bein their class. Neverthe-
less each of the outsiders had a lead of two sets
to one against the Javorl'e opposed to him, and
epoch mad: a good fight up to the last point
{ jor. took the second se! against Davis @ to

ye, then took tie third and in the fourth had
a lead of 4—8 and 40--16, only finally to lose the
match in live sets,

Collins also put up a magnificent struggle
taking the second -et easily from Wright and
the third afier a closer fight. Then the clever
young Horvard crack pulled himself together
and gave asplended exuibiion of uphyll play,
Winging the last two sets each by 6-8 and tak-
ine thermatch after five sets of brilliant play,
The Western chainpion's vo.eying was grand,
aid here he outplayed even Wright, who is a
clover volleyer himself. Collins's low dropping
passing strokes were also very clever.

The Wrenn brothers, Larned and Chace al
had eaty v ctories, ana each of the four show
such good form. that to-morrow’s matches
promise another day of thrilling sport.

Gore plays Black to-merrow and acoording
to home form. is expected io win, though ex-
perts here belfeve that neither o the Englisn-
men can reach the finals pa t such a volieyer as
Wreon, backed up with his ground strokes that
Ward lacked ‘o-day. The scores follow:

Champlonsoip Singles-Second round—Dwight F.

| Davis beat John A. Allen, 6—4, °—6, 4—6, 7-5, 6-3;

|

 

!

 

}
'

 

| profitable

j
|

|
!

|

Beals C. Wright beat Kriegh Collins, 6-8, 1—6, 4—#,
4-5, 6-8: Malooimt. Chace beat Pred B. Alexander,
6—2, 6—3, 6-2; William A. Larned beat Samuel
Hardy, 6—1, 6~!, 6-3; A, W. Gore beat Holcombe
Ward, 6—1, 4—-6, 3—6, 7—5, 6-3; E. D. Bluck beat
Clarenet R. Budlong, §—6, 2-6, 6—4, 0-11, 6—4;
George L. Wrenn. Jr, beat Raymond D. Little, 2—6,
f—2, 6-0, 6—2 Robert D. Wrenn beat Richard
Sterens, 6-0, 6—1, 7—4.

 

 

JEFFRIES CONSIDERED HASTY.

Fitesimmons Says if the Champion Doesn't
Fight He Will Demand His Lost Laarels.,
Champion Jim Jeffries does not appear to be

acting in a way calculated to convince the pub-

lic that he ts sincere in his desire to fight the
winner of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey fight on

Aug. $1. He says he is unwilling to keep on

training until after Fitz and the Sailor have

settled their differences one week from to-

| night, at which time the winner of that en-

counter can definitely say whether he will be

| fit to tackle the champion one week later.

When Willlam A. Brady, in behalf of Jeffries,
fasued a sweeping dell the other day It was
taken to mean that Jeffries was spoiling Sor a8
arguinent. Titzsimmons, who is expec
by the knowing ones to beat Sharkey, ac-
cepted the offer made by Brady, so that it
was up to Jeffries to keep on training un
after Aug. 24. If at that time the winner o!
the Fitz-Sharkey mill should be incapacita’
from fighting so soon again, Jefiries spud tee
be at Ilberty to declare everything off an
to cense training.

But Jeffries has seen fit to show gurostine
mpatience. He eays he will not wait and

e willnot fight again fora year. Fitzsimmons
declares that if he whips Sharkey and Jeffries
refuses to meet him on Aug. 81, he (Fitz) wil
declare hinwelf champion of the world. I
Jeffries wants to fieht Fitzsimmons or Sharke
before Sept. 1 in this State, he has only to walt
one week to find out definitely. An unwilling-
ness to do this would pronably be tegen to
that Jeffries doesn't want fight at —at
least until he can get himself into first-o
hysical condition. And thereby hangs a
t 4 said that Jeffries Is away out of form an
that he knows he cannot get right in the short
apace of ftwo weeks. Fitzsimmons's remar|
able showing againtt Ruhlin, it Is believe
threw a scare into the Jeffries camp, so thal
f complicated challenge was immediately
ortheoming

Jeffries weighed 208 pounds when he beat
Fitzsimmons and the latter was not at his t,
ecording to competent judges. Fitz ~
Sontved per cent. better now, while J Col
e ao light a weleht

will have a hard time tom
Possibly that is the renaso:

await why the
champ! om ia quibbling. Jeffries has been
booked for a Jona theatrical tour, wh in the

event of an unexpected set-back at the hands
of the sturdy Cornishman, might not prove
At any rate, it seems reasonab!
on the part of Fitzsimmons to ask Joaffries to
wait one week before deciding to throw up a
match that would be of vast interest toe the
sporting publie

Wesley Lake Boat Carntval,

Aspuny Pank, Aug. 16—The Wesley Lake
boat carnival was considered the finest marine
procession ever given here. Nearly 100,000

 

} peovie lined the banks cf the lake and for a

ourand chalf were treated to aspectacio o
kaleidoscople beauty The prizes were won as
fol ows

Fir.t, M. Sax Master's Helen Gould; seoond, Der-
rick Hoagiand'’s Mayflower; third, Charles Wilkin’s
Solid Comfort: fourth, Henry Bog's Liberty 1;
fith. Arthur Wrigat's Golumbla A. Wainwright
received the first prize for the best lawn decorations.

 

 

Sporisman’s Goods.

ee ee

 

 
        

ARB BITING BYER YW BRE.
ALL K NUS Qi | RESHAND S4L/ WATER
TACKLE 47 20 CORTLANLT ST

Henry C Squires & Son

SPOIL LOL LEIS IE INL |

J. H. Taylor Coit Clubs,

AGENTS, SLAZENGER
6 EAST ISTH STREET.

 

 

 

Nee