~-

oo’

ae

 

PP Ree -ae Simedee t

=

See a aie old

 

~

 

FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1900.

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month......
DAILY, per Year
BUNDAY. per Year... ccecccccrceee
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added.
Tae SUN, New York City.

 

 

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines,

 

If owr friends who faeor us with manuscripts for
pudlieation wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.
sehtendedanianenetetnmmncteminemmiianeanan

McKinley Against Bryan,

The “Anti-Imperialists " at Indianapolis
are entitled to credit for their honesty.
They have declared openly and emphati-
cally that they are for Bryan. They are
not pretending to oppose him while actually
giving him underhand support, as the Even-
ing Post of this town, assuming to be their
organ, is doing.

They know very well and everybody else
knows that the only real contest {n this can-
vaas is between McKinuey and Brran, and
that one or the other is sure to be the next
President. Ninety-nine hundredths of the
votes cast next November, ngy, probably
nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand
of them, will be divided between those two
candidates, and the only outside votes will
be the trifling percentage of eccentrio and
scattering votes which express vain cranki-
ness or downright lunacy.

Firat, the Gold Democrate, in session
at Indianapolis, refused to throw away
their votes on an impossible third ticket
which would lessen the power of their
resistance to Bryanism to the extent it was
supported. Now the little band calling
themselves “Anti-Imperialists " announce at
the same place that the true purpose of their
{nconsiderable movement is to assist
Bryanism

The attempts to divert attention from
the one great issue between McKINLEY
and Brran have thus, fortunately, proved
futile. Inthis campaign there are to be only
the two parties, represented respectively
by these two candidates, and no votes are
to be thrown away, except the small number
usually distributed between Prohibitionist
and distinctively Socialist candidates.

The party of gold and national honesty
and business security, enterprise and pros-
perity, is thuseven more solidly arrayed in
1900 against the party of silver and re-
pudiation, panic and disaster, than it was
{n 1806

“Anti-Impertalism " {a an honest and
earnest issue with a few senile or deluded

souls, Otherwise it was only hatched
to furnish a pretext for the support of
Bryanism; and now, at last, this Indianapolis
convention with a commendable freedom
from ambiguity, has declared ita true and
real purpose. Thus the political situation
{a aimplified for all hands.

 

 

 

General Flection in

Canada.

The impression is widespread in Canada
that the general election will take place
not later than October, but the precise
date will not be announced hy the Premier,
Sir Witraip Laurer, until the return of
his colleague, Mr. Israri, Tarte, who is
on his way home from Paris. Meanwhile
the party organs are busily engaged in
defining the issues on which they hope
or fear, the campaign will turn.

Thus far the general effect of the dis-
cussion is to indicate that, in spite of Sir
CHARLES TvppeR's efforts to the contrary,
there will be no single dominating issue
upon which the voters’ attention will be
concentrated. That is to say, we shall not
see repeated this year in the Dominion
what was witnessed in 1878, when the sub-
ject of debate was whether or not its people
would adopt a protective system. Neither
will 1900 resemble 1891, when the electors
were invited to say whether or no they
would enter into a commercial arrange-
ment with the United States which might
profoundly affect the political future of
the Dominion. Rather do the Liberals
now occupy the position held by the Con-
servatives in 1882, when Sir JoHN Mac-
DONALD, after a four years’ term of office,
asked the constituencies for a vote of con-
fidence. Such an appeal is, of course,
addressed, not to the thick-and-thin sup-
porters of a party, but to the doubtful or
floating vote, and is tantamount to an in-
quiry whether, in spite of some alleged
minor and incidental shortcomings, the
Ministry headed by Sir Wi_rrip Lavrizer
does not, upon the whole, déserve to be
retained in office.

That question the Mail and Empire,
which is. the organ of the Conservatives
in the Province of Ontario, answers ener-
getically in the negative. It contends
that, in the account between the country
and the Laurier Cabinet, the debit entries
far outweigh those upon the credit side.
First among the errors imputed to the
liberal Government is put forward the
failure to demand a preference for Canadian
products in the British market, and the
sacrifice of the power to offer a quid pro
quo by the premature and gratuitous con-
cession of a preference to British manu-
facturers in the markets of the Dominion.
Upon this issue Sir CHARLES TuprER dwelt
with emphasis last spring, but less stress
{s now laid upon it by the Mail and Empire,
which is at pains to couple with it a multi-
tude of other grievances for which the
Laurier régime is pronounced responsible.
The Government is accused, for instance,
of putting American corn on the free list,
while, had that commodity been kept on
the dutiable list, the United States would
have admitted Canadian barley free of
duty in order to secure a similar privilege
for American corn. Again, the Govern-
ment is reproached for conceding to the
Standard Oil Company the tank-steamer
privilege, which is said to have resulted
in making the Canadians pay from six to
ten cents a gallon more for kerosene oil
than they formerly did. The Yukon deal
is pronounced “ a gigantic blunder or worse.”
The Government wanted, it is said, to give
a tract of mining land alleged to be worth
forty million dollars and to remit nine-
tenths of the royalty on gold derived from
that land, as a reward for building a railway
that would cost $2,900,000. That trans-
action was not consummated, but Canadians
have to pay $384,000 to the contractors
because they were told to go on and spend
their money before Parliament had ratified
the bargain.

According to the Mail and Empire, this
blunder was insignificant compared with
the pecuniary losses incurred in connection
with canals and railways. Of these losses

The Coming

| a long list is given, The Waehington
| negotiations are also denounced as a series
of errors, It is alleged by the Mail and
| Empire that, when the terms of reciprocity
| thus far agreed upon are made known,
| it will be found that Canada’s sealing rights
| in the Pacific are to be surrendered for the

price of the sealing vessels; that Canada's
fishing righta on the Atlantic coast are to

| be referred to arbitration; that United |
States war vessels are to be ad-
| mitted to the Great Lakes, and that

| certain Canadian industries, hitherto un-
assailed, are to be subjected to American
| competition. ‘The cause of all these short-
comings is said to be the Government's
lack of a ruling mind possessing a capacity
for business, and the deduction is that the
voters would do well to restore the Con-
servatives to office under the leadership
of Sir CHARLES TUPPER.

On the other hand, the more sagacious
representatives of the party in power do
not profess to think that the Libera) Min-
isters have at all times been able so to act
as to defy criticiam, They admit that,
from the nature of the case, some of the
Government measures will be viewed
differently fy different men. Thus the
Fielding preferential tariff, though It ts
bringing about a saving of from twelve
to twenty million dollars a year to the tax-
payers, cannot expect to escape protest
on the one side from some manufacturers
against reduced protection, and on the other
from some free traders who hold that any
vestige of protection constitutes an Injury
to the people at large. Again, while there
are those who approve of the imposition
of royalties in the Yukon, there are those
who condemn that policy. There are those
who think that the decision to send soldiers
to South Africa was not taken quickly
enough, and there are those who think that
no troops at all should have been sent.
There are conflicting views about how the
Crow's Nest Pass Railway should have
been bullt; about the advisability of con-
structing an all-Canadian railway route
to the Yukon; about the extension of the
Inter-Colonial Rallway to Montreal; and
about how the winter ports of the Dominion
can be best built up. Upon all these and
a hundred other questions the Laurier
Government has, from time to time, had
to make decisions which could not possibly
command the approval of everybody even
in the ranks of its supporters.

In a word, the Liberals’ hope of success
in the coming campaign is based on the
belief that, if a broad view is taken of
their conduct in office, they will be found
to deserve a continuance of the people's
confidence. This belief was lately ex-
pressed by Sir RicHaARD CARTWRIGHT,
who, speaking for himself and his col-
laagues, told their supporters inside and
outside of the Ottawa House of Commons
that the Government looked for no servile
submission at their hands. “We do ask,”
he added, “for such trust and loyalty as
self-reapecting men can grant to leaders
who have shown themselves worthy to be

nn

trusted; to leaders who have had to deal
with serious difficulties, and who have
solved those difficulties well; to leaders

who have earned the thanks of their Sov-
ereign; to leaders who have raised Canada
to a higher pinnacle than Canada has ever
before reached in the eyes of the world,
and in so doing have helped to weld Canada
into what will be, I hope, a united and
powerful nation.”

 

How Far From Treason Is This?

Our contemporary in Washington, the
Times, so often right on the great American
questions which transcend ordinary partt-
sanship, is most assuredly wrong in these
remarks:

“A leading newspaper of the Republican persua-
sion imputes treason to Mr. BRYAN when he promised,
if elected, to convene Congress immediately with a
view of recommending the policy of Independence for
the Philtppines after a stable government should be
established. It is suggested that Filipinos will be
thereby encouraged to further resistance and that the
murder of our soldiers will be the result. Whatever
the merits of Mr. BRYAN'S policy may be, is it not
preposterous to draw suchaconclusion? Or, if thists
a fair deduction, the Administration ts with equal
logic chargeable with treason {n the introduction of
our armies into Luzon and the cause which has re-
sujted in the killing and murdering of so many of our
soldiers, including the brave Gen LawTON."

The mention here of Gen. LawTon's name
makes it exceedingly pertinent to print
again that heroic officer's own testimony as
to the treasonable and murder-breeding ex-
pressions of sympathy and encouragement
which have gone forth to Luzon from cer-
tain persons in this country, mostly Bryan-
ites and supporters of the policy announced
in Bryan's Indianapolis speech. Writing
in November last, only a few days before
his death by a Filipino bullet, Gen, Lawron
said to JoHN BARRETT:

“IT would to GoD that the truth of this whole
Philippine situation could be known to every one In
America as | know it

“Ifthe real history, inspiration and conditions of
this insurrection, and the influences, local and ex-
ternal, that now encourage the enemy, as well as the
actual possibilities of these tslands and peopies and
thetr relations to this Creat East, could be understood
at home, we would hear nomore talk of unjust ‘ shoot-
ing of government’ into the Filipinos, or of hauling
down our fiag In the Philippines |

“Ifthe so-called anti-{mpertalists would honestly
ascertain the truth on the ground and not In distant
America, they, whom I believe to be honest men and
misinformed, would be convinced of the error of their
statements and conclustons and of the unfortunate
effect of their publications here.

“If lam shot by a Filipino bullet, it might as well
oome from one of my own men, because I know from
observations confirmed by captured prisonera that the
continuance of fighting is ehiefly due to reports that

are sent out from America"
|

The sad prophecy was fulfilled. The
very next month Henry W. LAwTon was
struck dead by a Filipino bullet practically
moulded, aimed and sped by those here at
home who were engaged in encouraging
the insurgents in Luzon to continue the
fighting. Gen. Lawton's impressive pre-
monition was accurate; his blood ts on the
hands of some of his fellow countrymen.

The observations of the Washington
Times quoted above are understood by us
to refer to Tug Sun's opinion, expressed
the other day, that Brran’s message to
the insurgents in Luzon, promising them
that if he ts elected he will convene Con-
greas and give them independence, is very
near to treason because it holds out most
powerful aid and encouragement to rebels,
and stimulates them to continued resistance
at the cost of the lives of our officers and
men in the Philippines who may fall mean-
while as Lawton fell.

Treason is defined by the Constitution
of the United States as “ levying war against
them [the United States) or adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and com-
fort.” The Revised Statutes provide for
this crime the maximum penalty of death.
The Constitutional meaning of “ enemies *
has been held by the Supreme Court to
apply only to subjects of a foreign power

v

 

in a state of open hostility with us. This
| distinction, however, is not quite clear,
| for the same opinion, as rendered by Mr.
| Justice Fieup [4 Sawyer, 457], goes on to |
| say that “to constitute a levying of war |
| there must be an assemblage of persons with |
| foree and arms to overthrow the Govern- |
| ment or resist the laws;” and “all who aid
in the common object of levying war against
the United States, in however a minute
degree, or however remote from the scene |
of action, are guilty of treason.” But the
statute of July 17, 1862, regarding the incite-
ment of insurrection, is clear enough:

* SROTION 5,334.—Every person who incites, sets
on foot, assists or engages in any rebellion or fasur-
rection against the authority of the Untied States, or
the laws thereof, or gives aid and comfort (hereto, shall |
be punished by imprisonment not more than ten years, |
or by fine of not more than $10.000, or by both such
punishments; and shall, moreover, be incapable of
holding any office under the United States" '

It would be profitless to inquire further
into the technical aspects of Mr, Bryan's
self-involvement in real or constructive
treason, or his culpability under the law
against giving aid or comfort to persons
engaged in insurrection against the author-
ity of the United States. We do not believe
that he was conscious of committing any
crime against the existence of the Govern-
ment when he gave to the Luzon insurgents
the signal for continued rebellion by pledg-
ing himself, if elected, to use all the power
of the office of the President in their behalf.
Mr. Bryan did not know at the time how
far he was going. He was carried away,
doubtleas, by the exuberance of his own
rhetorio while attempting to build high
and wide and thick a false issue to win
certain votes for himself and at the same
time to screen temporarily the issue really
paramount in his mind. But it is not the
leas true that by this great and irreparable
mistake Mr, BryaAN may have doomed to
death Gop knows how many American
soldiera now doing, as LAwToNn was doing,
their duty under an Administration which
is doing its duty in Luzon.

Among the private papers of AGUINALDO
captured by Gen, Funston and made publio
yesterday by the War Department, is the let-
ter of a poor and probably senile wretch
named Levenson who wrote last summer
from Fort Hamilton to APACTBLE calling him
“Dear Sir and Brother” and urging the
Filipinos to “seize some official of rank in the
service of the United States" and totry him
by a war council and treat him asa pirate,
in order to emphasize the fact that “ Gen.
Orvis and all his troops are pirates upon
the territory of the natives, and al! persons
compromised in this war are pirates.”
“If Twas not an old man,” added Leverson,
“T would willingly aid you in your just
defence;” and he went on with words de-
signed to ald and comfort the insurgents,
advising them among other things to make
to the world a statement of alleged
atrocities committed in cold blood by our
soldiers on defenceless women and children
in the Philippines. “If you can prove that
women have been violated,” wrote LEVER-
80N, “ put that also in your statement.”

Does the Washington Timea doubt for
an instant the treasonable character of |
this man IeVERSON'’® communication to |
the leaders of the insurrection which the ,
United States Government has been en-
gaged in putting down? Does it doubt his
just liability to the punishment which the
laws of the United States impose on those
who give aid and comfort to rebels? Levrr-
8ON will perhaps escape prosecution and
punishment, but that will be solely on
account of his age and personal Insig-
nificance, and the suspicion which his
utterances and previous record throw upon
his perfect mental responsibility. Yet
that may have been the very letter which
cost us LawTon's life.

Such is the work which the Lrevrrsons
and the ATKINSONS and the Wixslows and
the Scuurzs have been doing in Luzon
ever since President McKriniey, in pur-
suance of his sworn duty, undertook to
enforce in that quarter the supremacy of the
laws and the flag. If the measure of trea-
sonable aid and comfort is found in its
practical results, all that these men have
accomplished is nothing in comparison
with the possible effect of BRYAN'’s message
of cheer to the insurgents from Indianap-
olis: “ Keep up your fight till I am elected
and your cause is won.”

A Niagara of words from the Democratio
candidate on the consent of the governed
cannot wash away the American blood that |
may be shed because of this pledge and
the false hopes it holds out.

 

The Selati Railway Trial,

Several weeks ago a brief and vague
despatch from Brussels announced that
at the conclusion of the trial of four persons
for something in connection with the Selatl
Railway in the Transvaal, they’ had been
sentenced to various terms of imprison-
ment and fines. Except that during the
trial, which lasted from June 10 to June
25, there had been a series of despatches
giving the statements of the accused that
they had bribed President Kritcger and
other leading men at Pretoria, little about
the case has found its way into print.

The story is most interesting as an illus-
tration of the way in which the harpies of
international gutter finance laid themselves
out to plunder the Transvaal, and then to
traduce the characters of the members
of its Administration when they failed,

In 1892, the Messrs. OPPENHEIM of Brus- |
sels obtained from the Transvaal Govern-
ment the right to construct the Selati Rail-
way from Koomatipoort northwestward
into the Transvaal toward Leydsdorp, on
certain terms. Article 25 of the concession
provided that “the cost of construction
must not exceed £9,600 per mile, or as much
less as the line can be built for.” In con-
formity with this stipulation the amount
of the shares and obligations issuable
was bound not to exceed the said sum. |
The whole trouble arose over these words,
and over the way the Belgian OpPENHEIMS
ignored them and set out to get the better |
of the Boers. |

Having got their concession they tried |
to find contractors to build the line, and at
first had some difficulty in doing so, for they
offered to hand over their concession to
Mr. Ceci, Ruopes. Ultimately they found
an English contractor to build the line for
£7,200 per mile, but this contract was not
disclosed to the Transvaal Government.
The lawyer of the OprpENHEIMS, a Mr.
Henri WARNANT, produced a brother of his
who acted as a dummy contractor and
agreed to construct the line for the maxi-
mum price of £9,600 per mile. This con-
tract was the one laid before the Govern-
ment at Pretoria. |

But the Boer authorities soon got wind |
of the trick, and found on inquiry that |
false claims representing the difference |
between the real and bogus contract prices,
had been made on them for work done
The books disclosed falsifications to meet
the amount, and on the trial Mr. Rospert
Orrrnuerm defended this proceeding, de-

 

 

 

Boer Government cancelled the contract
and sued the OprennEmms.

The defengo of the prisoners at the trial
consisted of allegations of corruption on
the part of the Boer officials from the Pres-
ident down, and their acceptance of large
bribes. Among those included in the list
was Mrs. Kritorr, the wife of the President.
When proofs were asked for, however,
none were forthcoming. They said checks
had been given, but neither they nor the
counterfoils could be found to substantiate
the charges. Cross-examination brought
out the fact that the money actually paid
out in bribes was less than half of the amount
alleged, and {t was declared by one of the
lawyers for the prosecution that what
money, if any, had been paid to the Pres-
ident and others had nothing whatever to
do with the railway.

It is now said that the moneys given
were in actual fact contributions to the
Transvaal war fund for the expected war
with England,

The Transvaal Government came out
of the trial with credit, for it persevered
in demanding justice against the Orpprn-
HEIMS, a..4 faced the obloquy of the ex-
posure they threatened without flinching,

The result of the trial before the Cor-
rectional Tribunal at Brussels, where the
Transvaal Government laid their sult, was
that the two Oprennzims, Evosns and
Ropert, and Henrt WARNANT, their
lawyer, were sentenced to fines of 2,000
francs and fifteen months’ imprisonment
each. A fourth person, M. TERWAGNE,
was sentenced to 500 franca’ fine and seven
months’ imprisonment.

 

West Side Lawlessnsss.

For a quarter of a century after the close
of the Civil War, from 1865 to 1890, the bulk
of the colored population of New York,
inconsiderable when compared with the
white population of the same neighbor-
hood, was to be found in and about Thomp-
son, Sullivan and Bleecker streets, and in
the section of town between Canal and
Fourth streets. During all this period,
despite the lingering animosities remaining
from the Civil War and the gradual exten-
sion of civil rights to colored inhabitants,
troubles and disturbances between white
and colored residents were extremely rare
in the city and never serious. With the
development of the “ hotel district ” further
uptown since 1890 there has been a general
exodus of colored people into the section
of the West Side north of Thirty-fourth
and south of Fifty-ninth streets, in which
they are now most numerous. For two
reasons the oolored population of New
York is steadily diminishing. There is no
longer any considerable emigration from
Southern States as was the case after the
beginning of the reconstruction period,
and the death rate of the New York colored
population is 50 per cent. higher than the
birth rate. That is, births in the colored
population number 800 a year; deaths
number 1,200. Among the white inhab-
itants the births exceed the deaths by 15,000
a year, exclusive of the accretion of city
population from tmmigration, foreign and
domestic.

There is but one rule, safe and sound,
for the maintenance of law and that is its
impartial enforcement and inflexible ob-
servance, Reprisals and race conflicts have
no place in the administration of justice, and
the abject inferiority of the colored popula-
tion on the West Side in numbers, resources,
influence and prowess should make easy
the avoidance of such a thing as a“ race
war” in any part of New York, a city in
which the disparity between the white
and colored population, always great, has
been increasing each year.

John James Ingalls.

The former Senator from Kansas will be
remembered longer for a single phrase
than for his many eloquent and really able
orations, or for the circumstance that he
was for four years the presiding officer, pro
tempore, of the United States Senate.

It was INGALIS who said:

“The purification of politics isan iridescent dream."

Gifted with a lean, acute, cynical intellect
and an uncommon command of the English
language, JoHN JAMES INGALIS”’ went
through his pu’ life making enemies
on every cide, Hishatred of humbug and
caiut, except when it was his own hum-
bug and his own cant, was so fervid,
and his powers of verbal excoriation
were 80 remarkable, that his tongue kept
him in hot water during much of his varie-
gated career. Few men of his generation
were the subjects of flercer attack or hear-
tier reprobation by his political antagonists,
It was the Hon, Grover CLEVELAND
who declared that the retirement of INcaLLs
from public life was the most welcome
event that could occur for the gratification
of ‘‘Democrats and decent people,”’ In
this phrase Mr. CLEVELAND characteristi-
cally begged the question, but there is no
doubt that he meant what he said. Incaus
was a thorn to the pompous, the platitudi-
nous and the elephantine.

The last years of his life were a disap-
pointment to those who had understood the
really patriotic and often unexpectedly
generous impulses of a nature not over
strong or over steady. That the last years
were likewise a disappointment to INGALLS
himself there can be no doubt. Three years
ago he was writing, at space rates, the
poetry of pessimism and asking
‘Was SOPHOCLES right when he said to the Gre-

cans,
The happy are those who have never existed,
And those who, having lived, exist no longer?"

The mental condition of the Hon. Grorog
SEWALL BOUTWELL, President of the Anti-Im-
perialist Leogue, is disclosed sufficiently by
these remarks of his to the Crank Congress at
Indianapolis;

“When weentered the Philippines {t was an addi-
onal mevace to the Chinese Empire, and !t has led
to the revolution in China and put the missionaries
and Ambassadors in peril of their lives. Instead of
being 4 fortunate circumstance, the fact that we were
in the Philippines was the chief occasion of the revo-
lution In China."*

In the history of hallucinations the Anti-Im-
perialist League will have considerable space.

Undoubtedly the second annual report of
the State Superintendent of Elections is val-
uable. Among many interesting facts, it con-
tains a list of indicted election officials, an-
other list of arrests made for violation of the
election law, and still a third showing the
Deputy State Superintendents and their pay
in the * Metropolitan District." From this last
table the reason for Tammany's recent decision
to have some of the appointments becomes
self-evident, and the abstention last year is
shown to have been worse than a crime, a
financial error. The most remarkable thing
in the report is the fact that it is illustrated.
Why it should be does not appear; yet there
are four portraits in the volume: Those of the
State Superintendent, of the Chief Deputy, of
the Chief Clerk, and of the Stenographer. They
would adorn any report ever printed, or even
made to a aelect committee. Each official—
of the Election Board, not of the indicted,

scribing it as honest profit. On the dis- | brethren—is more beautiful than the others

   

and the most beautiful of all is—it would be
invidious to choose. Probably the indicted
gentlemen do not care for any one of the four
persons portrayed. The use of portraite in
reports is unusual, when they are those

|
of the persons making the report; but perhaps |

the idea is good. We do not know yet; ex-
perlence will show. Meantime, Mr. McCuL-
LAGH Is doing good work as State Superin-
tendent of Elections, and we wish more power
to his arm.

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

The chief interest of the situation is in

what may b> now going onat the Tung-chau |

gate of Pekin, though the incidents reported
from Shanghal are perhaps as important. The
news of the rellef and rescue of the foreign
Envoys may come at any moment, but it does
not necessarily follow that they will leave
Pekin if the allied force that has reached there
is of sufficient strength to hold its own and
its communications are not in danger. There
is a tendency in the reports of the inten-
tions of some of the Governments con-
cerned, which leads to the belief that
the allied forces will not retire from
Pekin or its neighborhood after the rescue
of the Envoys, and that negotiations, if any
are opened, will be conducted on the spot and
by the Envoys who were lately beleaguered,
or their substitutes. The proposal of Li Hung
Chang in which he suggests that the allies should
not advance beyond Tung-chau indicates
some apprehension of this. The question
remains as to the position of the Chinese Court
and whether it may not at the last moment
retire from the capital. In any case the first
stage of the difficulty ts nearly terminated,
and the second is about to begin. There is
again a report that a Japanese force was on its
way from Tientein to Pao-ting, but as the Chi-

nese telegraphic communication between
ekin and Tsinan {s still open, it seems im-
probable.

The Shanghat matter begins to resemble
somewhat the situation at Alexandria in 1882
before the Continental Powers finally allowed
England to proceed alone in Egypt; and there
seems a disporition to play the British at Shang-
hal off againet the Russians at Newchwang,
or to create a situation at both places that
can be exploited so as to justify the occupation
of Shanghal by British troops solely. This
would be promoted if, as reported, a Japanese
army is to be allowed to disembark in Corea
to maintain a tranquillity which does not at
present give any sign of being troubled. Lord
Salisbury is at the moment in the Vosges on
the German side of the Franco German fron-
tler, where it is suggested that he is to
meet the German Chancellor Count von
Bilow. The accord between France and Ger-
many and Russia, which has been manifest
of late in connection with China, makes it not
at all improbable that Lord Salisbury should
desire to meet the German Chancellor, for the
position of the British Government, with its
troubles in South Africa and India calling
for all ite attention, is euch that it cannot play
single-handed the part it would if its hands
were entirely free. The report, if true, is
another proof of the predominant position
held by Germany for the time being in European
politics,

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

Gen. Christian De Wet Is reported by Tre
Sun correspondent at Pretoria to have finally
succeeded in escaping from the several British
Generals, among whom were Lords Kitchener
and Methuen, who have been alternately
described as being in hot pursuit or heading
him off; and (s now northwest of Rustenburg
with the force with which he started from the
Caledon Valley more than a month ago. He
has received large additions to his strength
since he entered the Transvaal, and ts sald to
have now some 7,000 men under hie command,
Among the remarkable feats of the Boer
commanders in this war, this last feat of
the hero of Bannah's Post is unmatched, and
leaves the British Generala who have been
operating against him with a good deal to ex-
plain away. More than once since he started
from the Caledon Valley, Gen. De Wet has been
in positions from which it seemed quite im-
possible that he could escape, yet in spite of
everything that the generals whom lord
Roberts sent against him were able to do, he
has alipped through their fingers almost with-
out any loss of men or material.

With Gen. De Wet'sa union with Gen. De-
larey the war looks like taking a fresh lease,
the submitted burghers tn the territory west
of Johannesburg and Pretoria being reported
to be taking up arms again. (Commandant
Ben Viljoen, who has fought through the war
with great dash, is close to Pretoria on the
north with a strong commando, and the British
outposts on one side of Johannesburg have
been driven in. Linch-we, a native chief in
the British territory, has invaded the Trans-
vaal from the westward on a raid for cattle
and plunder, and the excuse put forward for
this breach of the tacit covenant  be-
tween the British and Boers at the

beginning of the war that neither should allow
the natives to join in it, is that Linch-we is
fighting in a civilized manner and treating
his prisoners well. The return of the sub-
mitted burghers to the fleld after this action
of the British authorities at Mafeking or Bula-
wayo, who are reaponsible for this participa-
tion of the natives in the war, needs no fur-
ther justification.

Gen. Buller, after reaching Ermelo, ts re-
porsed to have deflected his march from there
Barberton, where President Kriger is said
to be. The country round there is somewhat
like that about Spion Kop and Vaalkrantz and
easily defensible. With the new turn taken by
affairs in the western Transvaal, Lord Rob-
erts's combinations to the east of toria
run the risk of being thrown out, in which case
Gen. Buller's march on Barberton assumes the
appearance of an adventure.

 

In Defence of the Old Patriotic Songs.

To THE EDITOR or THe SUN—Sir: I was much
interested In reading the long article fn your morn-
ing edition of this date on our “Nadonal Airs"’ My
interest, however, was nota pleasing one.

This writer is on a par with the Bacontan advo
cates of Shakespeare, the critics of Moses and the
Gospel, and the mumerous persons who appear from
time to time as erltics of worldwide accepted incidents
of history and heroism. He {Is very narrow.

Because he discovers some defect in the accent of a
musical measure, or a defect In the time in which a
piece is written, he would bring discredit upon and
debar from us the beautiful, thrilling and grand
anthem and patriotic songs of our country. Can it
be supposed even thatthe soldiers of our Revolu-
tion, of our Civil War, of our Spanish war, ever
stopped tn their marches to victory under the inspir-
ing airs of ‘‘The Star Spangied Banner,’ “Hall Co
luinbia’’ and “My Country, ‘Tis of Thee," because
there was a defect in the musical construction of some
of the lines of these airs? Upon any occasion where
the love of country and true patriotism were called
upon for expression has that expression been any leas
spontancous and Magnificent wheie these airs have
been played or sung because there has been a tech-
nical lack In the construction of the same?

Outon such narrow and useltss criticisms on things
that are deeply implanted tn our hearts from child-
hood to old age, that are part of our lives, that tbrill
us and bind us more closely to the “land of the free
and the home of the brave,” despite the fact that
some musical mechanic finds arough cog or a loose
pulley somewhere in the mechanism!

‘This person, no doubt, would have halted at Bunker
Hill, at Gettysburg or San Juan Hill if the band had
played either of these airs because, he states, “you
can't march by them.”

To speak plainly, such criticisms or cflusions, as of
this writer, provoke one. As said before, itisona
par with the Baconian theory of Shakespeare writ.
ings, the criticisms on Moses and the Gospel, the
dou bts thrown on Sheridan's ride, &c. Such critics,
or effustonists, find some little fawin a given event,
and (with their narrow technique) become oblivious
of the predominant theme of goodness, grandeur or
soul stirring beauty of the events asa whole and run
off into useless criticisms that serve only to jar one's
finer sensibilities. H. G. S.

BROOKLYN, Aug. 14.

Her Discreet Choice.

From the Chtcago Record.

“William, a poor man came along and asked for a
bat.”

“What did you do’”

“I gave bim your Sunday hat.”

“What on earth did you do that for?”

“Well, 1 knew you would need your old one to wear
when you go fishing.”

RY.

     

 

| THE NINETEENTM CENTU
ee

| Mr. Balfour Confesses His Tastes to University
Extension Stadents at Cambridge.

From the London Times.

We cannot, by cataloguing mental character-
istics or describing fact and fgure, convey
the impression of a human personality. Neither
can we, by a parallel process, justify our sen-

timents about a century, yet most of us have
| them—“the reason why we cannot tell, but only
{ this we know full well”—some centuries please
us and some do not. It so happens, for ex-
ample, that I dislike the seventeenth century

and like the eighteenth, I do not pretend to
aR my taste. Perhaps it is that there is a
king of unity and finish about the eighteenth cen-
tury wanting to its predecessor. Perhaps
I am prejudiced against the latter by my dislike
of its religious wars, Which were more than
half political, and its political wars, whic
were more than half religious. In an. onge
| the matter is quite unimportant. Ay at. is
more to our present purpose Is to ask whether
the nineteenth century yet presents itself to
any of us sufficiently as a whole to suggest
any sentiment of the kind I have just illustrated,
I confess that, for my own part, it does not.
Of that portion of it with which most of us are
alone iramediately acquainted, say the last
third, I feel I can in this connection say
nothing. We are too much of it to fudge It.
The two remaining thirds, on the other hand,
seem to me so different that [ cannot criticise
them ether, and, if I am to criticise them
separately I acknowledge at once that it is the
first third and not the second that engages my
sympathies.
"There are those, I am aware, who think tha
the great Reform bill was the beginning o
wisdom. Very likely they are right. But
this is not a question of right, put ey
ection, r
st ose th e ind. of the nineteenth
century does not,

view the iniddle th
{s probable due to the natural

 

acknowledge, ap pone

tude which t to feel toward our im
ude which we are apt to -
mediate predec . ut I justify it to my-

self by saving that {t remin 6 too much
of L, Idecer’a pictur and the revival of Gothti

art, that I fee) no sentiment of allegiance towar

any of the intellectual dynasties which then hel

awav, that neither the thin lucidity of Mil
nor the turbid prophesy ings of Carivle, neither
Comte nor yet Rowman were ever able to arouse
{n me the enthusiasm of a disciple, and that I
turn with pleasure from the Corn laws to the
great war, from Thackeray and Dickens to
Scott and Miss Austen, even from Tennyson
and Browning to Keats, Coleridge, Words-
worth and Shelley. Observations like these,
however, are rather in the nature of individua
fancies than impersonal criticisms; and I hasten
to consider whether, apart altogether from
likes and dislikes, there is any characteristic
note woten distinguishes | thie century from
any that has gone ore it.

On this point I range myself with those who
find this characteristic note in the growth o
pean. In the last hundred years the wor
ias Seen great wars, great national and sorta)
rea

upheavals, great religious movements, .
ay

economic changes. Literature and art
had their triumphs and have permanently
enriched the intellectual inheritance of our
race, Yet, larwe as is the space which subjects
like these legitimately fill in our thoughts,
much as they will occupy the future historfan,
it is not among these that 1 seek for the most
important and the moat fundamental differ-
ences which separate the present from pre-
ceding ages. Rather is this to be found in the
cumulative products of sctentific research,
to which no other period offers a precedent
or a parallel, No single discovery, it may
he, can he compared tn its results to that of
Copernicus: no single discoverer can he com-
pared in genius to Newton: but, intheir total
effects, the advances made by the nineteenth
century are not to be matched, Not only fs
the surprising increase of knowledge new,
but the use to which it has been put is new also,
The growth of industrial Invention is not a
fact we are permitted to forget. We do, how-
ever, sometimes forget how much of {t is due
to a close connection between theoretic knowl-
edge and its utilitarian application. which,
in {ta degree, is altogether unexampled in the
history of mankind

After all, however, it is not necessarily the
material and obvious resulta of scientific dis-
coveries which are of the deepest interest,
They have effected changes more subtle and
perhaps less obvious which are at least as
worthy of our consideration and are at least
as unique in the history of the civilized world.
No century has seen so great a change in our
intellectual apprehension of the world in which
we live. Our whole point of view has changed.
The mental framework in which we arrange
the separate facts in the world of men and
things is quitea new framework. Thespectacie
of the universe presents itself now ina wholly
changed perspective. We not only see more,
but we see differently. The discoveries in
physics and in chemistry, which have borne
their ehare in thus recreating for us the evolu-
tion of the past, are in process of eiving us
quite new ideas as to the Inner nature of that
material whole of which the world's traversing
space is but an insignificant part. Differences
of quality once thought_ultimate are constantly
being resolved into differences of motion or
configuration. What were once regarded as
things are now known to be movement, Phe-
nomena apparently so wide apart as light,
radiant heat, and electricity, are, as it is un-
necessary to remind pon, Sew recognized as
substantially identical om the arrange:
ment of atoms in the molecule, not less than
their intrinsic nature, flow. the characteristio
attributes of the compound, The atom itaelf
has been pulverized, and speculation is forced
to admit as a possibility that even the chemical
elements themselves may no more than
varieties of a single substance. Plausible
attempts have been made to reduce the physica)
universe, with ite inflnite variety, its glory of
color and of form, its signifleance and its sub-
limity, to one homogeneous medium in which
there are no distinctions to be discovered but
distinction of movement or of stress. And
although no such hypothesis can, | suppose,
be yet accepted. the gropings of physicists
after this, of some other not lesa audacious
unification, must finally, | think, be crowned
with success. The change of view which | have
endeavored to indicate ts poss scientific,
but its consequences cannot be confined to
science,

 

Good Negroes and Bad " Niggers.""

To Tae Eprtor or Tre S8cn-—Sir; A bad
*‘nigger’’ beats the devil, but a good negro is a
blessing for which I thank God, In spite of de-
fects of temperament, defects which belong
to his race

I speak from knowledge, for I have known
both; have suffered from the one and been
under obligations to the other in my own do-
mestic service. The South makes great and
oftentimes just complaint of the negroes, but
in them it has servants which it would never
willingly give up for the most imposing white
servants of the North. Negroes try your
patience awfully, but they are human beings,
and you like them— you can't help liking them—
thatis,when they are good. Buta bad “nigger,”
heaven help you! He is desperately bad. He
sours ail the milk of human kindness in your
breast.

Now,in the negro quarter which was the |

scene of the riot of Wednesday, there arn un-
questionably many “bad niggers,"’ and as bad
as any the world contains, They are known as
such not to white people only, but to the
negroes themselves: they are classified by both
blacks and whites as “bad niggers." But in
that quarter are also many good negroes, faith-
ful workers, devoted women, and the two
ought not to be associated together in the mind
of the public or in the reprobation of the police.
Punish the ‘bad nigger" every time, but fail not
to recognize and thank God for the goodness of
the good negro.

Ieay this simply as a duty I feel that Iowe
to the negro fidelity which so often has won
from me respect and affection in my own
service. Iam not talking polities, but only ex-
pressing pure sentiment. A WHITE May,

New York, Aug. 16.

Eccentricities of the Old Bay State.

To THE Epirork oF THe SUN— Sir; Dunk
Pussy Tatmouse has Just moved into town and de-
sires to file his entry blank for the trial beat in your
Uist of immortals. What are bis prospects? H.

SAUGUS, Mass., Aug. 15.

No Longer Public Property.

To THe Eptrok or THE SUN--Sir: In the
Patent OMee Gazette, Aug. 14, 1900, page 1,378,

Charles H. Keeney of Hariford, Conn

issued to him on Col. Thomas Pr Ochiltree New

York. Two claims are allowed. This is of interest to
EB. M. FP.

 

 

your acientific readers.
NEW YORK, Aug. 16.

 

The Same Old Thing.

From the White Lake Ware.

You bet. Same old ticket,
Same old boss
Same old platform
(Minus cross);
Same old powder,
Same old gun:
Seme old waddin’
(Steen to one);
Same old kickers,
Same old grow);
Saine old anti
Hanna howl:
Same old |ssues—
Nothing new;
Same old lies to
Help ‘em through
Same old talkers,
Same old josh
Same old brand of
Cam patgn slosh,
Same old voters
(Bless their souls);
Game old trouncing
At the polls’

(rr red Ss SSS

 

 

rr sss tenn

SMUGGLING IN CANADIAN WHISKEY,
Various Schemes Employed to Get It Across
the Maine-New Brunswick Border,

MADAWASKA PLANTATION, Me, Aug. 16.~As
the Aroostook River hides under the bushes
and drops deep in its channel to escape from
the blinding sunlight, the smugglers, who are
always on the lookout to earn a dishonest dollar,
find new fords along the pebbly waterway,
and by a little risky driving, are able to dodge
the revenue officers and raise the price of Cana-
dian whiskey frem $1.75 a gallon on the New
Brunswick side to $2.60 in Maine, and do it
all without going more than a mile or two out
of their way. Nearly all of the smuggling is
done late in the fall or in the winter on the fce.
Big carta are laden with potatoes, which pay
a duty of 25 cents a bushel. Inside of the load
are from six to twelve cases of whiskey, holding
twelve quarts each. The duty ts paid on the
potatoes, and the whisky, concealed in the
middle of the load, Is admitted free. Liquor
put up In stout eartiten jugs that can withstand
a heavy pressure ia pressed Inside of baled
hay, and let across the line for $2 aton. Small
speculators, who are too poor to own or too
shrewd to risk a horse and,wagon In the business,
conceal cases of whiskey in bushes along the
New Brunswick shore and wait until the tn-
spectors go away and then carry the contra
band goods over in boats. Some families do
nothing but travel to and fro between the
provinces and Maine, bearing bottled goods
inside their clothing. These run small risk,
and are content with small profits.

Two weeks ago a jigger with four horses at-

 

tached crossed at a ford a few below 4
village and drove up the street to the o 0
the deput collector. There were two large
eavy casks on ph cart, whic! fpe French
river sald were a of whiskey, 2, to id the
officer that he had sold the liquor to a disch

arged
allroad foreman, who was selling it to the
[t-nbermen and \aborers in. Frenchvill As
the river was very low he had taken advantage
of the ford to save paying ferriage, which
would amount to $4, a considerable aum for a
poor teamster. P

“Ahm bin want leave one barr'l here for you
make sure ze pay,” sald the driver. “You keep
ze beee bart. | hol’elghty gallons; you
n' Ahm bingo ‘long an’ sell ze sixty-five ga)-
ons. Bimeby, wen Ahm come back, Ahi pay
you alle, an’ take ze bar'l ‘way: me ‘om-
prehenez vous?"

It {s a custom for poor men who carry no
money to leave a portion of thelr goods as
hostage for the payment of duty; so the officer
made no objection, taking note of the contents
of the barrels, and keeping the larger one until
the teamster should come and call for it. The
driver had promised to be back in four days.
The officer waited a full week. When he began
to ask questions he learned that the team hac
returned to New Brunswick two days before,
and was then 9 ita way for the woods, where
t was en. or the winter.

ay have got the whiskey, anyhow,” sald the
collector, “ and that will sell for at least $2 a

alion at auction, which will more than pay the

uty on both casks.”

That evening he invited a few friends down
to the warehouse to nelp him sample the large
cask. They bored a hole tn the head and

umped out about two gallons. After the dish
Rad passed from mouth to mouth every man
said it contained some of the best water that
had ever been taken from the Aroostook River,
The innocent driver had swindled the United
States out of $180 and escaped back to his home
in New Brunswick, taking his cart and h »
the only things that could be attached, along
with him. The officer has asked to be trans-
ferred to some more healthy pis , as his fam-
fly is suffering badly from malaria.

 

This Rale Does Not Work Both Ways.
To THe EpiTron or THe Scn-—Sir; I am
well pleased at Tor Sun's bold and strong
attack on the suffrage robbers in the South,

| Sooner or later the misdeeds of the controlling

apirita will come back to torment them.

Their pretext that the black citizen {ts not fit
to vote appears all the shallower when one
brings to mind the fact that several years ago,
when Sambo did not know nearly as much as

he does now, the white politicians of Georgtal
the negroes to the polls, and they took f°
care, too, to see that their votes were fairiy
counted. It was all right then. Even {ff the
black fellow puton some airs and was a little
“uppish,"’ that was no reason for drawing a
gunonhim. Sambo then was a good enough
chap. eapecially at the polls.

And why? Because the ple of Georgia
were divided into two hostile camps on State
issues and each side pulled and hauled ata
greet rate to get the votes out, and tbey did their

t to get the colored votes over to their aide,
80. as to win.

What a difference {t makes when the ramo
colored man would cast his vote for a Represen-
tative in the Congrass of the United States!
How fuddenly he is threatened with Red Shirts
gad told that he Is only a low-down nigger, who

oes not know enough to vote

Out upon such politieal h y! Show
these dangerous men upinthelr true gelors as
robbers of the suffrage and enemies not only o'
the black men in the South, but as assailants of
the very foundations of our Government. the
principle of justice to all. H.W.

PATERSON, N. J, Aug. 15.

 

The Shirt-Waist Man Arraigned an@ Defended,

TO THE Eprror or Tue Sun-—Sir: I suppose
the shirt-walst man has come to stay as the true
gentleman ts fastleaving us) The shirt-watst mania
either stuck on his shape or brutally indifferent to the
laws of decency. He recognizes no law that tnter-
feres with bis desires. He ts the fellow that wants to
smoke anywhere and everywhere. If he is up early
in the morniug or late at night, he does not recognize
the right of any one else to sleep. At the seaside
he goes past the line of decency with his
bathing suit. He ts the soctal Anarchist whom the
world will some day have to make harsh laws to sup.
press. He will have to be made to understand that
liberty isn't license and that law and order are neces-
sary to civilization.

In the meantime gentility gives way to license and
public rudeness, and the shirt-watst man will continue
to break down the necessary laws of society, till the
public sense is shocked at the Frankenstein monsteg

 

it has created. E. SHERMAN.
NEw YORK, Aug. 16
TOTHE Eprron oF THE SUN—Sér: Let the
shirt-waist men keep up the good fight We have

tropic heat, so let us be sensible and dress aceord-
ingly.

Why should a man swelter and lose both flesh and
temper to please Mrs. Grundy. Do you not notice
that Mrs. Grundy wears a shirt waist and is cool?

Live and let live. There are thousands of men who
are sleeping their last sleep because they were slaves
to convention, wore coats in the brofling sun and
Were overcome of the sun god.

Banish the suspender by all means, but let the cool
and colored shirt waist descend as a blessing upon
theforms of all the superheated dwellers in our large
clifes and there will be fewer fatiures, fewer quarrels,
fewer divorces and fewer suicides.

Tetus putoff prejudice and our coats and put on
the summer shirt andthen invite Mercury to Jump his
highest if he will. His athletic prowess will have no
terrors for us coatiess, but notin any sense shiftiess
men. CHARLES BATTELL LOOMIS.

TORRINGPORD, Conn., Aug. 16.

 

A Statue of Alexander Hamilton?

TO THE Epiron or TAE SUN ~Sér: Tike your
correspondent in today’s SUN, | wonder atthe Mttle-
ness of the managersof the “Hall of Fame" in lear
ing the name of Alexander Hami!ton from Its tablets,
Is itnot about time that New York, Hamilton's adopted
State, for which he did so much, should erect in some
busy, conspicuous place a herole statue of Hamilton?
Other eltles hare honored ‘the greatest of Ames
cans" and the first of the great New Yorkers.

Certainly a man who wasso conspicuous @ states.
man, soldier, author and lawyer is entiiled even in
these latter days, when little men are so often taken
at their own estimate and receive undeserved pratse,
to a permanent and sultable memorial. Alexander
Mamilton deserves a Hall of Fame all to himself,

EDWARD SAUNDERS

WEsT CHESTER, Aug. 15.

 

A Native Indian's View of the Famine as a
Blessing.

From the Amrita Bazar Patrika of Caleutta. June 14

Elsewhere will be found a remarkable letter from Mr.
Dithridge to THE SUN of New York, one of the most
influential papers in America. When Lord Curron an
nounced a famine we said this famine would sare
India. For, we thought, this second famine, oecur-
ring only a couple of years after the last, would draw
the attention of the English people and the world to
the condition of India. We said that this famine
would bring to the front the real cause of the poverty
of India, so long kept hidden from the English people
We also expressed the hope thai since India was now
under the rule of a whole hearted Viceroy he, at least,
would not allow the Empire to drift into bankruptey.
The tone of Mr. Dithridge's letter ts bitter, but the
writer means well, and is undoubtedly a philanthro-
Dist. And what does he prove the cause of the famine
to be? It is what we have been so long striving to es
tablish, namely, “the unnatural arrangement’ —that
is to say, the ceaseless drain. What now Englishmen
have got to do is to save their Empire by applying the
remedy to the disease, which is slowly bus eurciy
eating into its vitals