ro

  

MORE THAN 2,000,000 OF US,

ceNSUS FIGURES FOR MANHATTAN
AND THE BRONX 2,050,600.

Increase of the Old City in Population Stance
1800 Is 656,200, or 35.83 Per Cent,—Pre-
cautions Taken by Bareaa to Prevent Leak-
eae of loformation — Chicago's Distress.

,antvoTon, Aug. 16--The Census Bureau
d the following advance bulletin to-day:

CENSUS OFFICE,
“WaswINaTon, D.C., Aug. 16 }

wiltam BR Merriam, Director of the Census:

 

Hon
“stn: 1 have the honor to report that the
pulation of the boroughs of Manhattan and
1he Bronx, according to the oficial count of

the returns of the census, Is as follows:
Boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx,
Sow York City=Manhattan borough, 1,860,003;
reons borough, 200,607; total for Manhattan
and The Brous 2,050,000
in jaau the city of New York comprised all
0 vi la now the borough of Manhattan and all
of what ia now the borough of The Bronx except
the territory lying to the wost of the Fast River
annexed on Jan. 1, 1808 The population of
Sew York city in 1880 was 1,206,290, and in

aw, 1,515,901, showing an increase from 1880
to 1400 of 809,002, or 25.62 percent. OnJune
1, 1900, the joint population of the boroughs of

Manhattan and The Bronx, constituting two of
the five boroughs included in Greater New York,
was 2,060,000, representing an increase from
iso0 to 1000, including the annexed territory
above referred to, of $36,209, or 85.83 per cent.

pulation of Manhattan and The Bronx
< in 1900, aceording to Assembly dis-
follows

rhet
ne ft

boroug
tricta, Was as

MANHATTAN BOROUGH,
we py Distrtet

1,850,003.

Population.
Fr 25,099
coerseces C8108
coveeese STOO
FAAS?

+ O7,051
, 64,266

 

 

Nineteenth
“rst oe eens ee sooseee 80,050
yesecond
nty-thied 6 eee ‘ eeeee
ney 7) Ce ee oe cate 8abe-0'4 61.00

BAERS
232

can

teatss

 

as

 

J-J4-3-3-3-2

4443

 

part of thirty-fourth) Se TTe ks 36,206

BRONX ROROUGA, 200,507.

Thirty-fourth (part ofh,.... ;

fh }

Annesed territory caer 6s 60.66 60 Ke ee en ve 25,985

“The population of these two boroughs was
not returned by wards, as the ward divisions
are, for all practical purposes, obsolete,

"The population of Brooklyn, Queens and
Richmond boroughs, constituting the remainder
of Greater New York, will be announced within
a few days

The bulletin is signed by Willlam C. Hunt,
chief statisticlan in charge of the popwation
bureau. Director Merriam expreased himself
as very well satisfied with the result of the New
York census He said: “The count was as per-
fect as it was possible to make it, and I be-
Heve the paople of New York will be satisfied
with the result and with the accuracy of the
count. New York haa shown a very satis-
factory gain, the tncrease of 85.33 per cent
being very gratifying.”

Unusua! precautions were adopted by the
Census Bureau to prevent any accurate fig-
ures in regard to the census reaching the pub-
lic before the public bulletin announcing the
result was issued. Although Mr. Merriam Is
satisfied that there have been no leaks in other
clties, he is not at all pleased with the figures
of cities such as Chicago, Indianapolis, Cleve-
and and others, which have been printed in
newspapers in those cities as official. They
are, of course, guesses at the population, but
have enough appearance of accuracy to cause
considerable uneasiness. Accepting the fle-
ures for Chicago as untrustworthy, Mayor
farriason and others have taken occasion to
express their opinion very freely as to the In-
accuracy of the census and even went @o far
as to provide for a police census with a view
of securing figures better calculated to please
the denizens of the Windy City and soothe their
wounded pride.

Mr. Merriam takes no stock in the figures
purporting to give the pepulation in advance
of the offictal bulletin, but in arder to avoid all
appearance of collusion the present census
has not only had the counting done by hun-
dreds of different clerks, but has hada number
of cities counted simultaneously, so that even
if acceas to the returns was possible it would
be a matter of such difficulty to collect the
figures and compile them before he was ready
to hare them given ont that all danger of such
being done is avoided. Several days ago he
directed the attention of his chiefs to the pub-
lications referred to and insisted that = un-
usual precautions be taken to prevent any
figures from reaching the public in advance
of the official bulletins

All of New York was counted except one
district, which was held back until this morning,
#0 that if some one had secured the figures
yesterday they would still have had a district
missing and would have been unable to give the
totals The Iast district was counted this
morning, and as soon as the figures could be
added to those already obtained the bulletin
was issued.

 

 

OW DESERTER LANGTRY ESCAPED.

Jast Walked Down to the Boat at Governors
Island and Came Over to This City.

Haxtrorp, Conn., Aug. 16.-Henry Langtry,
the soldier who escaped from Governors Island
where he was confined for desertion and was
anested here for drunkenness and r. ‘stance
to a policeman, told a SUN correspondent to-
night how he got away. Langtry was sent to
the island for eighteen months for desertion
from the Fifth Artillery, In tellfng of his es-

“ere he eaid

t WAS easy enough
they let a
PSCAne

, Just before! got away
‘hird-class mana man with short hair,
‘* Chat's the kind of people they are.
Kuh! is overseer of the prison. y assed him
on the boat whee, I came from the island over
to New York. I saw him on the dock as we
came in and as he came on the boat and into
the men's cabin I passed through the ladies’
cabin and off the boat. That was on last Mon-
dav afternoon. I left the island on tho 2:30
o'clock boat. i bought a bottle of whiskey and
@oton atrain, IT got to Hartford at 110’clock
on Monday night.

I worked in the tailor anon

the °
end I had lots of privileges, and laundry

got the ualjorm

I seetions from fellows that came in and pad
& civilian suit on a shelf in the shop, They
never thought of looking at them. I made
money mending and fixing clothing for the
perowe They never thought I'd try to escape
and T just walked out with my clothes on an

t the sentry at the gate, He waan't up to
nes, for it was the Eleventh Infantry just
borne from Cuba, and they'd only been on a

few days and didn’t know the ropes.”

JACOB D, COX'S WILL.

 

 

Income of the Estate to Go to the Widow as
Long as She Lives.

CINCINNATI, Aug. 16.—The will of the late
Jacob D. Cox has been filed for probate at
Elyria, Ohio, by the testator’s stepson, Attorney,
William C, Cochran. Gen. Cox's will wae wil-
neseed by James Fairchild, President of Ober-
i'n College, and a woman friend of the Cox
‘anally, but sinee they signed it Dr. Fairchild
has become so blind that he cannot read his
oWn writing and the other witness {8 in Europe.

ur (Vochran argued that the will statutes cover

syek oases and the document was probated
‘er a statement by President Fairchild

atta will gives the net income in the estate,

i r paymeut of taxes and insurance, to the

aos uring her life, and after her death the
ate is to be divided into six equal parts for

  

 

Mr. Cox's children —-Helen F.C. Black, Woost>r,
Rho dacob D. Cox, dr, Cleveland, Ohio
orryon Cox, the artist of New York city
ci aN Cox, Grand Junction, Col. and
( tte H, «. Pone, Parsons, Kan., and W. C.
Sin oun rhe personal estate is valued at

; ot mostly United States 4 per cent. bonds.

end badees deat son, wu care for the swords
. 3 *

as gifts Tae 7 ue estowed on his father

Stat oe eee SS

Christian Scientist Leader Stops an Exctrsion
to Her Home—Her Views on Prayer,

Coxconp, N. A, Aug. 16--Mrs. Mary Baker
G. Kddy, or ‘Mother’ Eddy, as she is more
fam liarly cajled by the Christian Scientists, has
@iven out a statement In response to many
letters, asking for the truth of newspaper
rumors that the Christian Scientists of the
United States are uniting as a body io prayer
for the salvation of the American missionaries,
the American Minister and his family, in China,
Mrs. Eddy says:

“My reply to correspondents Is: The pros-
perity of men and nations has ita source and

resource in God, Pray for our {imperilled
countrymen ip China and fortho peace, pros-
perity and brotherhood of all mankind. Prayer
includes no will power. Human will ia lost in
the Divine when prayer is effectual. Not by
piight, nor power, but by my Spirit, saith the
ord of Hosta,’’

The proposed excursion of the members of
the cult to this city to-morrow. has bean
abandoned a the request of Mrs, Eddy. She
had extended an tnvitation to firat_members
and Boston members of the First Church of
Christ, scientists «f Boston, to meet her in
Christian Scienos Hall, this city, the oocaston
being incident to Old Home Week, and a large
number contemplated coming. Before ar-
rangements had been made in Boston for a
tone train Mra. Eddy eenta telegram eaying
that unexpeoted enge ements, of a character
that could not Pe avo fe nor postponed, com-
pelled her to withdraw the invitation.

 

W. A. ENGEMAN'S MARRIED AGAIN.
His First Wife Obtained a Diverce in Wyom-
ing Last Week— Wedding Trip to Canada.

William A. Engeman, President of the Brigh-
ton Beach Racing Association, from whom
his wife, Jessie Grace Engeman, obtained a
divorce in Cheyenne, Wyo., last week on the
ground of desertion, contracted a second mar-
riage on Wednesday. The bride is Miss Frances
T. flyde, a daughter of the late Dr. George
Hyde, and a sister of Charles HM. Hyde, a well-
known Brooklyn lawyer. The ceremony was
performed at Shelter Island on Wednesday
roorning in the presence of a few friends of
the bride and bridegroom. The Key. Dr. E. B.
Coe, former pores of the Reformed Collegiate
Chureh in Fifth avanye and Weet Forty-eighth
street, and a son-in-law of the late Ney. Dr,
R. 8. Storrs, performed the ceremony. Mr.
and Mrs. Engeman have gone to C one
wedding trip.

Mr. Engeman's first wife returned from
Wyoming yesterday, and is now at the home
of her father, A. Hl. Battersby, at Sheepshead
Bay. Miss Battersby was only 15 years old
and Mr. Engeman wis 23 when they were mar-
ried about five years ago. It was not known
outside the family circle that there was any
trouble between them, and the announcement
of thelr divorce caused general surprise in the
Gravesend district. Mr. Battersby is the
Treasurer of the Brighton Beach Kacing Asso-
clation and has close business relationg with
Mr. Fngeman. He declined last night to say
anything in segard either to his daughter’
divorce proceeding or Mr. Engeman’s secon
marriag®

 

MUSTN'T FILL UP A CRERA.

War Department and Capt, Benjamin Palmer
of Soand Beach at Odds.

Stamronp, Conn., Aug. 16.—Judge Julius
B. Curtis is engaged in preparing a
brief to be submitted to Secretary of War
Root onthe construction of a recent law
passed by Congress in regard to the establish-
ment of harbor lines. The question at issue
has arisen over the attempt of the Govern-
ment to stop Capt. Benjamin Palmer from filling
in the shore of the creek near his Sound Beach
home. The creek makes up from the old Green-
wioh Cove and runs inland beyond the railroad
traok, often flooding the meadows just north
of the tracks. Amasa A. Marks, J. Kennedy
f, d ot oe pee Jorkers have their summer

orges not far frorn Capt. Palmer's place. The
oysterman has used oyster and clam shells
for filling. To his astonishment, one day last
week Capt. Palmer received an order from
Secretary of War Root to discontinue fling
in, or he was liable to arrest and imprison-
ment, The seafaring man referred the matter
to Judge Curtis, It was learned that not long
ago Major leach of New London, who has
charge of the harbors of Connecticut, laid out
harbor lines at Sound Beach, and the shore of
the creek was included inthom, Judge Curtis
contends that the United States Government
has no authority over the shorea of the creek,
as they are beyond tidewater and the Govern-
ment’s authority ends there.

 

 

SHOT IN HIS OWN DOORWAY.

Urged On by a Woman, It Is Said, Dollbaum
Fired Four Times at Gettlich.

Paterson, N.J., Aug. 16.—Joseph Dollbaum
and Mrs. Mary Peters were arrested to-day and
taken before Justice Van Hovenberg of Haledon
on acharge of attempting to murder Otto Gott-
lich. Gottlichis the caretaker of the Jackson
woods at Haledon. Many persons have been
caught lately stealing young trees from the
woods. Last week Gottlich chased the Peters
family from the woods and the same night he
was waylaid and beaten _by Dolibaum, who
lives in the house with the Peters family. This
house is only ashort distance from Gottlich's
house. On Sunday night last Gottiich heard a
dog bark and went to the door, While stand-
ing in the lignt of the doorway a sho. was
fired and a bullet grazed Gottlich's forehead,
Just before the shot waa fired Gottlich neard
Mrs. Peters say in an und>rtone to some one,
"Now giveittohim.”’ A second bullet ancy
Gottlich in the let! shoulder, but only inflictec
a flesh wound. The caretaker turned and fled
into the house just as two more shots wore
fired F

When arraigned Dolibaum admitted firing
three shota, but hesaid hefiredin theair. He
also admitted that Mrs, Peters spoke to him at
that time. Gottlien was warned that an at-
tempt was going to be made on his life, and for
about a week he had not gone out alone.

NEWPORT SOCIAL EVENTS.

 

Busy Day in the Fashionable World—Some eof
the Entertainments,

Newport, R. I., Aug. 16.—Socially it was a
busy day in Newport. This afternoon Miss
Anna Leary gave alargely attended musicale
at the Paul cottage in honor of her guests,
Mr. and Mra. Charlies Astor Brister. The pro-
gramme was {fn the hands of Miss Harriette
R. Woods, the sonrano, Mr. Heathe Gregory,
the basso. and the Kieckhoefer sisters, in musi+
eal instruments. There was also this afternoon
a luncheon on board the steam yacht Electra,
and a sailing party given by Col. J. J. Astor on
the electric yacht Utopian. A luncheon was

iyen by Mrs. J. A. Sedgwick and Mrs. Richard
jambrill. To-night a dinner musicale was
given by Mrs. Elbridge T. Gerry. There were
a number of guests to dinner early in the even-
ing. and later @ large part of the cottagers
caine in to the musicale, the artists being Signor
Armand Lecomte, barytone, and Signor Um-
berto Redusehi, tenor. Mr. James. J, Van
Alen gave a large dinner party at Wakeburst
to-night and sits. George B. De Forest gave &
large bridge wlust party at the Traln villa

Admiral W. T. Sampson, U. SS. N., accom.
panied by Mrs. Sampson, is the guest of Capt,
and Mrs. French Chadwick inners were
given to-night by Mrs. James P. Kernochan
and Mra. RK. 1. Goddard. Mr Woe Vhitehouse
held an afternoon tea at his bac ielor Quarters
in the Berkeley

TWO HURT IN TROLLEY COLLISION.

Madison Avenue Car Rons Into a Sand Cart
Driver and One Passenger Injared,

A Madison avenue electric car, in charge of
Motorman Edward Mannipg, was going up
town at @ rapid rate shortly after 3 o'clock
yosterday afternoon when asand cart attempted
to cross the avenue at Forty-sixth street. The
sund curt was driven by_Joseph Smith of 602
Fust Filty-fifth street. The car was crowded
with passengers. It hit the sand cart with
force sufficient to throw the curt twenty feet
Smith was thrown to. the Pavemens
Many of the passengers becumo [rightoned
and jumped from the cur.

Mary Mullen, 45 years old, of US Luquer
street, Brooklyn, was sitting on the front seat
ot the cur. She was crashed bet§veen the bac
of the seat and the shaft of the cart. She anc
Smith were removed to the Flower Hositady
The worman was injured internally and wi
probably die

THE BELMONT-MILLS TROUBLE,

Satisfaction in Newport Because the Case Was
Withdrawn From Coart.

Newront, R. I, Aug. 16.—-The difference
between Mrs. Oliver H. P. Belmont and Ogden
Mills, Jr., were the talk of the fashionable world
to-day, and all are rejoicing that the matter
was settled out of court. It was Newport's
Chief of Pohee, Benjamin U. Richards, that
brought about the settlement, To-day he haa
been congratulated upon his work it would
have been unpleasant for all parues concerned
if the matter had come up in the police court
and the judge would have probably had to
impose a fine, from which an appeal would have
undoubtedly been taken. t would bave
poeent unpleasant publicity the would

ye been a long way off.

 

4

 

for the Other Ports.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Havana, Aug. 16—Governor General Wood
has forwarded to Col. Boott a telegram from
Supt. Frye, announcing that the 1,300
teachera who are now visiting the United
States will return on Aug. 28. Col. Scott has
erdered Acting Chief Quartermaster Cart-
wright to make preparations for the landing
of the teachers at Cabafia Fortress. Twenty
guides will be employed to show the teachers
over the Cabafia. They will subsequentiy
cross the bay and visit Havana and will sail
the same night for their ports of destination.
Gen. Wood instructed Col Seott to express
regret to the teachers that he was not able
to be present to receive them.

Gen. Wood arrived at Nuevitasa to-day and
was well received. Sefor Tamayo, who ac-
companied him on his tour, made a speech in
which he urged the people to elect the best men
to the coming Constitutional Convention.

The mass meeting held by the Democratio
Union at the Tacon Theatre, Havana, to-night,
was part of the movement that has been started
to have the political parties unite in asking for
the removal from the order calling the Con-
stitutional Convention the clause providing
for the fizing of the relations that are to exist
between the United States and Cuba. At
present tho parties are not agreed on the sub-
ject, Some politicians accept the order as it
stands, while others say the delegates should
decline to do more than draw up a Constitution,
leaving the question of the relations with the
United States to the National Assembly.

CUBAN TEACHERS HERE.

They Will Touch New York Only Briefly To-
day, but Will Come Back Again,

The Cuban teachers who have been spending
the summer at the Harvard Summer Sehool
will arrive here from Boston thls morning.
Thore are 1.337 persons inthe party, and they
are coming on four army transports. the Crook,
McPherson, Sedgwick and Rawlins. On the
trip from Boston the transport fleet will prob-
ably keep together, but Just what time they
will arrive here is not known. At the Army
Bullding, from which their movements are
being directed, {t was anid vesterday that the
trip from Boston would take about twentv-
six hours, so it is not expected that the teachers
can reach here much before noon to-day,

No time will be spent by the party in New
York upon their arrival this tine, as the War
Department has arranged to have the teachers

pend two days in Washington before thelr
ntroduction to New York. They will be taken
to Washington over the Baltimore und Ohio
Railroad, in three trains, and the transfer of
the teachers from the transports to the trains
will take place directly upon thelr arrival tn
this harbor. Two of the transports will un-
load their ;assengera at Pier 22 in Brooklyn,
where ferrs boats will be in waiting to take
them at once to the trains in Jersey City. The
other two transports will lie to in the harbor

ndthe teachers will be taken from them to
ersey City on excursion barges. It {8 ex-
pected that the three trainloads of teachers
will wet started for Washington by 1:80 P. M,

The teachers will return here to spend Mon-
day and Tuesday. Tuesday to be devoted chiefly
to a trip to West Point on an excursion steamer
which has been chartered for the purpose.
At the conclusion of their visit here the teachers
will go on the transports to Philadelphia and
after a day spent in that city the start will be
made forCuba. Landings are to be mace
at nearly all of the principal ports of the tsand
f° that the teachers may have no diMeulty
BD getting to their homes

In consequence of the trip of the teachers
the regular army transport. service between
Cuba and Porto Rico and this port has been
susnended. It will probably not be resumed
until the middle of September.

CUBAN TEACHERS SAY FARFWEEL

Leave Boston on the Army Transports for
This City—Sent Of With Salutes,

Roston, Aug 16. TheCuban schoolteachers
bade farewell to Cambridge and Boston ths
noon and, Considering the weather difficulties,
the Harvard men did wel! in gett ng (hem allion
board the army transports by that hour, All
but twoof the teachers have coneand (hese
will remain to underzo surgical operations
The Cubans began to arrive at the Navy Yard
at10 o'clock, but the last batch did not reach

there until after 12, and although bedrageled
by the heavy rain, they were pleased at the
prospect of a trip to New York and \\ashingtoo
and asight of ther tsand hore

On tne Sedgwick the passengers were all
women, and as soon as the vease! pulled out ine
to the stream there was a waving of handker-
chiefs and umbrellas, and a group the
promenade deck gave “Three long Harvards

on

 

pe sed President Elfot immonsely
ing had her full complement of men already on
board, and tugs conveyed the remaining teach-

era to the Crook and McPherson out in the |

atream.

The leavestaking of the visitors was charac-
teristic. The women invariably hissed their
women friends and the mea embraced their in-

atructors. At 1:30 o'clock the Seda wick started
downthe harbor, amid a serenching of tug
whistles, c oaely followed by the three. other

| go around Long
ntof her draught
ock {morrow
reach New

 
 

transports, The Sedgewick w
Island to New York on aces
and is due there about 6 0
night Theother thraa vessels wil!
York some time to-morrow morning

 

THIRTY HOUSES SWALLOWED UP.

Phenomena tn the Indian Earthcaake of 1897
Like Those tn Japanin 1801.

The Indian Government has only !
lished the report of the geological survey on
the great earthquake of June 12, 1%07, which
devasted the entire western portion of Assam.
The report makes a volume of more than 400
largo pages with many plates. It contains
several) illustrations of disasters sim'lar to that
in the Neo Valley, Japan, in the ea: uquake of

1891, when the earth opened and swallowed

whole houses and then closed again, leaving

no trace except that the roofs projecting be-
yond the walls of the buildings were too wide
to fall into the rif’ and were left on the surface,
The same explanation of this phenomenon
is made In India as in Japan. The houses had
been built along a straight line and under them
the earth had opened and the houses had faiden
into the chasm. Then the opening had closed
and all persons who were in the houses at the
tlne were buried in the houses, no one knows
how deep. No attempt was made to recover
their bodies, for there were many hundreds
of wounded who required uttention; and the
living had to be thouget of before the dead,
Only the roofs were to be seen, and, on look-
ing under them, tustead of » confused heap
of rubbish found under the other wrecked
bulldings, there Was merely the surface of the
ground on the same level inside as outaide,
This great Indian earthquake has been the
oceasion of other expensive publications,
chiefly by the Japaneso Government. Japan
is keenly alive to the necessity of adopt ing
methods of building houses and engineering
constructions that will best withstand wt Ps
fects of earthquake shocks, All ijnvestiga-
tions on this subject are in the hands of the
Earthquake Investigating Committes of Japan
As 600n as the serious nature of the catas-
trophe that had overtaken northeast India was
understood, a part of the Japanese committee
was at once despatched to Lhe scene, and the
reports they wrote form two volumes af the
committee’s publications. There researches
have proved to be parti: nlarly instructive and
important for earthquake countries, The vol-
umes, for example, contain tiany pietures and
plans, as well as much letterpre ontrastin
different forms of concrete flooring, root and
other timber work, varietios of Joints, types of
archwork and the like, which failed, with cor-
responding constructions which succesafully
resisted the destructive forcés, The text is in
Chinese characters, but many of the pictures
show at a glance thar while certain forins of
strictures withstood or were only slightiv af-
fectad by the shocks, others entirely failed
One interesting fact observed was that build-
ings resting upon the earth, or upon stones fush
with the earth, escaped with little damage while
others near them wiat were raised on founda-
tions above the surface were destroyed or badly
damaged. The general conclusion reached by
the Japanese invostigators was that a building
with a light reof and constructed entirely of
timber, in whi h the joints are replaced by tron
etraps and cast iron shoes, may be made as ca-
pable of withstanding a violent racking as a
wicker basket

Found a Pine Treo Shilling.

Gnreerrorr, L. L., Aug. 16.~— While excavating
fore cellar Inalot near Bast Marion the other
day James G. Winters tound a Pine Tree shil-
ling. The coin wan in a fair state of preserva-
tion and was vated 1652
Vells in Augast
are a practical necessity. Our ‘"Traveiler’’ ts the
senent addition to a most complete midsummer stock

nspect the uoveliy shadow meshes with single and
ane spots, Simpson, Crawford & Simpeon, 6th ay.
Ad.

st pube

 

 

 

 

  

 
      

 

GEN, DE WET GETS AWAY.

NOW NORTHWEST OF RUSTENBURG
WITH 7,000 MEN,

 

Forcing Peacefal Burghers to Jotn His Com-
mand—Clever General Elades Hie British
Parsaers (In a Chase From the Free State
to the Transvaal—Trial of Conspl
Pretoria — Kaffirs Now Attacking Eoers.

Special Cadle Despatches to TU SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria

Pretoma, Aue 16.- Gen, De Wet, the Boer
commander, who hus been euccesefully eluding
his British pursuers for along time, has now got
northwest of Rustenburg. Eighty prisoners
who escaped from him report that his strength
is now 7,000 men. The Boers in the districts
through which he passes take up arms agaln,
many who do not desire to do so being forced
to Join the ranks, Cotnmandant Steenkamp,
who was wounded at Dornkop and who éubse-
quently took the oath of reutrailty and re-
turned to his home, is again fignttag, Gen. De

Wet's success in evading the British Is certain

to bring large accessions to the Boers’ fighting

force
Small commandoes near Johannesburg drove
in the British outposts at Sachswald yesterday.
Gen. Viljoen, with 800 men, is direotly north

 

 

of here
The trial of Cordua, one of the conspirators
recently arrested, began here to-day. He

first pleaded guilty, but later withdrew that
plea The evidence against him is very strong.
He broke his parole and was caught dressed
in a British oMecer's uniform. The plan of the
conspirators was to kill the British officers tn
Pretoria, seize Gen. Roberts and to bring into
the oity a commando from Gen. Botha's force.
The trial is proceeding

Lineh We, the Kaffir chief on the western
border, has made a raid into the Transvaal!
as far as Pilagasburg and has captured a num-
ber of cattle. The Boers are said to have been
the aggressors. Linch We is reported to be
fighting in a civilized manner, and is treating
his prisoners well

LonpoNn, Aug. 17.~Tam Scn's despatch
from Pretoria gives the latest news concerning
the movements of Gen. De Wet, and tt carries
ita own comment.

Gen. Hunter, while moving north tn the
Orange River Colony met with opposition
from Gen.Olivter south of Heilbron, and though
it is stated that he caused the Boers to retire,
it does not seem that he inflicted a damaging
defeat. :

Gens. Buller and French have joined forces
south of Wonderfontein. Gen. Botha is re-
ported to be holding Belfast in considerable
strength, ready to contest the British advance.
It is state1 that he has plenty of engines and
rolling-stock ready to transport his guns and
men eastward along the railroad when neces-

sary. The country where the Boers
are now preparing to make what is
supposed to be their last stand isthe

Barberton district, they having, it is said,
abandoned Lydenburg owing to the hostility
of the natives. The area of the apparently
impending warfare 1s approximately 60 by 100
miles in length It fs extremely mountainous
and much more difficult than the Tugela or
Laings Nek districts Here, according to
the latest British information, Gen Botha has
about 10,000 men and from 50 to # guns

 

A WATCH ON KRUGER,

Fle Is Anxious fer Peace and Boer Generals
Wont Let Him Leave the Country.
Spectal Cable Despaich to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 16.—A correspondent of the
Central News who was lately released after
undergoing two months’ captivity at Noot-
gedacht, has arrived at Durban, Natal,whence
he cables confirming the assertions that Presi-
dent Kruger wants peace, but says that the
fighting commandants want to continue the
war. They are confident that they can hold
the diMoult Nootgedacht country for at least
six months. They are not at all alarmed by
the prospective stoppage of supplies imported
by way of Delagoa Bay, asthey have an abun-
dance of provisions,a large part of which are
buried. They have ninety guns at Machado-

dorp.

The correspondent professes to know that
when President Kriger was at Machadodorp
he wanted to leave the country, pleading that
health was bad. The military leaders

pur

 

his

and three times three” in lusty style, which | Sue@ested that Watervalonden was a desirable

The Raw- |

and healthful place, and they simultaueously
provided the President with a large guard of
honor, who were instructed not to lose sight
of him day or night. The leaders argue that
Pre ident is responsible for the war and
mu face the conrequeuces. They will pre-
vent his flight, foreibly, if necessary

the

ot

STEYN'S DEATA.

RUMOR OF

Former President of the Free State Again
Reported a Victim of a Severe Wonnd,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Loxpon, Aug. 17. The Lere
respondent of the Daily Mail says a report

20 Marque: cor

FRIDAY, AUGUST 17,

emanating from the office of Mr, Port, Consul |

of the Transvaal, states that President Steyn of
the Orange Free State e dead, The corre-
snondent adds that he learns that Steyn died on
the road while trying to reach President
Kroger, He was previously reported to be
very ill, but the correspondent says he is in-
formd that he died of the effects of a severe
wound, He states, however, that the details
are not authenticated.

IRISH-ROER PIGHTERS HERE.

Two of the Irish Brigade of the Boer Army
Arrive in the Stecrage.

Two members of the Irish brigade of the
Boer army arrived here yesterday from Havre,
aboard the French liner La Bretagne. One is
a native of Austria, of Irish parentage, and
cals hunself Matthew Karie. Rendered into
English the surname would be Carey. The
other warrior {s Capt. Peter Joseph Oates, &
native of Ireland and a resident of Cape Town
for eighteen years, Capt. Oates said that when
the war in the Transvaal began he was worth
about $80,000, He and his son, a lad of 18, en-
listed tn the Boer army. His son was killed
on the firing ‘ine. The loss of his boy de-
pressed him and he decided to give up the fight
and come to America, He says he believes
that the Boers cannot win, but that they wil!
put up a stubborn fight and that it may bea
year before they are subdued. i

After the fall of dohannesburg and Pretoria
there was much denoralization among, the
Boer forces, particularly on the part of those
who had been British subjects, Capt. Oates
said. He suid that De Wet and Botha would
flaht to the last. They had scorned offers of
bribes that would have had an effect on any
bat & ncere and patriotic men, Capt, Oates
eave that the first batch of Irish prisoners, all

Dublin Fusilfers, captured by the Boers, ex-
pressed a willingness to join the Boers, but
that the Boers would not permit them to do so

Capt. Oates and Karie were steerage passen-
gers. They were permitted to Jand at the
Rarge Office after satisfying the officials that
they were able to take care of themselves

Oontribation to Mansion House Fand.

Edwin Booth, Grand Treasurer of Order Sons
of St. George for the State of New York, paid
over on Wednesday to €. Clive Bayley, Consul-
Genera! for Great Britain, $4,541.99, asa contri-

bution from the lodces In New York State to
the Widows and Or: hans’ Mansion House Fund
to be forwarded by him tothe Lord Mayor of
London forthwith for the relief of sufferers by
the Boor war

 

 

FRAUD ORDER AGAINST A DRUG CO,

 

OMce Department Says It Promised
Presents and Dida't Give Them,

WasnInoTon Aug. 16—A fraud order was
issued to-day against the Egyptian Drug Com-
pauy, G.H. Wiggins, Treasurer, of 112 West
Thirty-second street, Now York city. The
company advertised that it would give away
valuable presents and in response to inquiries
made the condition that the writer should first

vurchase a thirty-cent sack of Eayptian tea,
Rive purchase having been effected, the com
pany would then inform the purchaser that
the margin of profit was so small it would not
admit of giving any present, but the company
would be pleased to sell furniture very cheap.

1900. ;

NOT PRAY FOR HUMBERT.

Story of the Early Mass When the King’s
Death Was Announced Is Now Denied,
Spectai Cavle Despatch to THE SUN,

Vimnna, Aug. 16.—The Vateriand, @ clerical
organ, declares that the Pope did not cele brate
masa on the occasion of King Humbert’s death,
that he did not condole with the royal family,
and that he did not approve of the prayer
written by Queen Margherita

The paper adds that his Holiness was indignant
when {t was denied that King Humbert was
ercommunicated, but as the excommubdica-
tlon was not by name, the Pope, to prevent
greater evil, yielded to the pressure of the
Government and the country concerning a
religious funeral, Without expresely con-
senting, he did not oppose the participation
of the Archbishop of Genoa In the ceremonies,

 
 
 
 

POPE DID

 

NEW KING'S SPIRIT ADMIRED,

He Presides for the First Time et a Council
of tho Miaisters.

Special Cable Despatch (to THE SUN.

Rome, Aug. 16.-King Victor Emmanuel
presided to-day for the first time at a council
of the Ministers. He emphatically opposed
the introduction of exceptional laws, repeating
what he said in his speech from the throne
to the effect that existing legislation was ample
to cope with all difficulties if the authorities
applied it strictly and consc fentiously. He
urged the necessity for effecting the proposed
agricultural laws as soon as possible.

Tho Ministers speak with surprise and ad-
miration of the practical spirit displayed by
his Majesty.

 

DROWNED COMMANDER EXONERATED.

 

French Torpedo Boat Destrover Lost Through
Defective Working of Her Helm,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Aug. 16—Vice-Admiral Fournier;
who was in command of the squadron off Cape
St. Vincent last Saturday when the torpedo
boat destroyer Frames was sunk ina collision
with the battleship Brennus, has made a report to
the Admiralty in which he says that the loss of
the vessel was owlng to the defective working
of her helm.

Admiral Fournler says the accident was not
due to any carelessness on the part of Com-
mander Mandult Duplessis of the Frames, who
went down with his vessel

 

JAPAN MAKES A CONCESSION.

Foreigners Now Allowed to Hold Stock in the
Empire's Railways.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Aug. 16—The Foreign OMce an-
nounces that the Japanese Government has
finally agreed to allow foreigners to hold stock
in railways within the Empire. The Forelgn
Office adds that {it believes the concession
shows the Increasing neoessity for capital in
the Empire and expresses the hope that this
action is but a prelude to other important con-
cessions which will show that Japan is really
a liberal country.

 

IRELAND AT THE VATICAN.

St. Paul's Archbishop Recetyed tn Private Au-
dience by the Pope.
Special Caudle Despatch to Tue SUN.

Rome, Aug. 16.—-Archbishop Ireland, of St
Paul, had a private audience with the Pope
to-day. He was most cordially received by
his Holiness, who expressed the hope that he
would call to see himagain before leaving for
home

 

Spanish-American Conferenoe.

Special Cadla Despatch to TAR SUN.
Maprrp, Aug. 16.—Marquis Aguliar Campo,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Mr.
Bellamy Storer, the American Minister to
Spain, will hold a conference to-morrow re-
gurding two conventions resulting from the

treaty of peace bet weer the two countries.

 

Field Marshal von Waldersee's Plans,
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.
Benitx, Aug. 10. -Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee, who will the commander-ine
chief of the allies in China, made an address
to the officers here this morning. He will sail
from Naples on Aug, 22. Whilo In Italy he will
call on King Vietor Funmanuel 111,
The Cear May Visit Paris in September,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lonpon, Aug. 16 —The Exchange Telegraph
Company states that the Czar wil visit the
Paris Exposition in September.

be

 

Remor of Japanese Army for Corea.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Aug. 16.--It is reported that 25,000
Japanese troopa have been ordered to Corea

UNFASY “VEST” MAKERS GO OUT.

the Bit and Ordered a Strike in
Spite of the Leaders.

The Vestn Union, the le f which
have been trying to hold the vastmakers back
from striking on account of the dulness of
trade, took the bit yesterday morning and the
ain spite of the leaders

Union Took

akKets lors

members went on strib
The Executive Committee of the union, which
usually orders the summer strikes, kept hands
off this year and declined to be responsible tor
aastrike. Thestrike was due about throe weeks
ago, when the old agreement with the con.
tractors expired, and the vestmakers became
tired of waiting. Some of them issued a “red-
letter call" for a meeting in New Irving Hall,
Broome street, near Norfolk, on Wednesday
evening, and in the small hours of yeaterday
morning, with loud cheers and huzzas, the be-
lated strike was declared

A etrike committee went around to the shops
and called the workers out several hours later
Altogether 2,500 vestmakers, hal? of the num-
ber being women, are affected by the strike
The union fas three branches. All of them
held meetings yeaterday. Women formed the
majority of the attendance at all the meetings

The vestmakers say that since the old aaree-
ment expired wages have been going rapidly
down. Rait a dozen contractors settled with
the unlon yesterday.

URGES CATHOLICS TO UNITE,

That Is the Only Way They Wl Get Their
Rights, Says Bishop MecFaul.

Trenton, N. J., Aug. 16.—Bishop MeFaul
made an address to-cay before the thirty-third
national convention of the Irish{jCatholio Ba
nevolent Union, which {fs In session here. He
spoke on what he deems the necessity of feder-
ation among Catholic organizations of the coun-
try in order “that their it may be
bronght to bear upon loca| boards, the State
Legislatures and the National Government.”
The Bishop sald that the Catholics did net have
their proportionate representation on boards
in charge of public institutions in New Jersey
and he belleved this was largely true elsewhere,
It was not due to bigotry, but rather to ignor-
ance or indifference toward the rights of Cath-
olies. He thought the Catholic eliloren tn the
State institutions should have more time for
worship. Toomany chileren, the Bishop adde 4,
are being proselyied through children’s ald
societies, which find them Protestant homas.
The Catholics had {aileito get full representa-
tion on commissions for the new posseastons,
he said, because thay were not united and not
because of any bigotry on the part of the Ad-
ministration.

Took Poison and Gas to Be Sure of Death,

A man registered as, William Gruber, of
Brooklyn, was found dead in bed in the Mount
Morris flotel at 23 Third avenue, yesterday
morning. The end of a tube leading from
the gas jet was in his mouth and by his side
lay a two-ounes bottle which had contained
carbolic acid, A note requested the finder to
notify F. Geiler, of 342 Second avenue. Geiler
eaid that the body was that of his brother-in-
ey who had been a mail-carrier in the General
Yost Office. ie bad not lived with his wife for
some time, Geiler said

)
fluence

 

Motorman Ends His Life.

Orayop, N. J., Aug. 16.--Jobn A. Hill, a mo-

torman employed on the West Orange division
of the North Jersey Street Railway Company,
committed suicide at un early hour this morn-
ing by taking earbolic acid

Girl Commits Suicide.

Lydia Jensen, 18 years ol!, of 160 Columbia
avenue, Jersey City, committed suicids yester-

day by swallowing carbolic acid. er parents
ay Cher Feew of no reason why she should
ve killed herself.

(rrr er

TO SUCCBED MR. HUNTINGTON.

 

Indications Now That HM. EK. Hantington Will
Be Soathern PaciOo President,

SAN Francisco, Ava. 16--A morning paver
announces upon what it considers reliable
Aiithority that ff. BE. Huntington, nephew of

Collis P, Huntington, will be the next President
of the Southern Pacific. There haa been no
official announcement, but the is that
the matter has been settled and (here ts neth-
ing more to do but to call a meeting of the
directors

H. BF. Huntington ta the logical
for the place, He haa been in tret
years for the succéssion, What he

railroad world ia due to himself, for |
until he had secured his place eTpne
’
1

story

candidate

hing fol
is in the

was not

reat
railroad men of the country that Collls finn
tington took him into faver, Since he lias
been with his unele he has had full authority
and hia success has heen of his own making
Immediately upon the death of Cyilie I
Huntington, the report was «pread that |i
successor would be Charles HL. Tweed, general
counsel and Second Vice-President of the
Southera Pacifo Company, but in a despatch
from New York he is quotedin a way that seems
to indicate that he believes MH. Bo Huntington
will get the place. ‘The directors are hurrying
Fast to attend the funeral and it will be some
time before they can be celled together. In
the meantime speculation is rife gnong the
emploress. It was reported that Thomas M
flubbard, representing the Searles interest in
the company, would oppose the election of H. bh
Huntington on the ground that the policy of the
dead President was inclined to be rather an-
tagonietic than acating aud that the nephew
would probably follow in his uncle's footsteps

——

HUNTINGTON'S FUNERAL,

 

Cc. P.
The Rev. A. W. Halsey to Conduct the Services
This Morning.

The funeral of Collis P. Huntington, to be

held at his lata residence, 2 East Fifty-seventh
street, this morning, will be private, Wut Mr
Huntington's secretary, George FE. Miles, said

last evening that it would be attended br »&
eral close friends of the family. The clersu:
man selected by the familly to conduct the ser-
vices is tho Rev. Abram W. Elalsey, Seere
of the Presbyterian Board of Forel:
There will be simple musfe at the funeral
H. E. Uuntington arrived ia this city
terday afternoon after an exceptionally tast
run from Sequin, ‘Tex., whieh he left about 7
o'clock on Tuegday morning in his private car,
the Otaego. The members and near friends
of the family now here are Mrs. Huntington
Mr. and Mrs. Archor M. Huntington, Mr. anc
ire, Mi. L. Hillhouse. JL. FE Huntington, John
Yarrington of Lexington, Ky; Mrs. B. W
Foster of Huntington, W. Va.: Miss C. M. Camp-
bell and George F. Miles
There were a few visitors at the house yee-
terday. Many more messages of condolence
were received. Flowers sent by Mr. Hunting-
ton's employees at Ban Francisco, at Newport
News and in this city were reveived,

OUR PERCENTAGE OF SOLDIERS.

tary

 
 

Mis

 

tik.

yore

 

Proportion of the Army to the People for the
Last 100 Years.

WASHINOTON, Aug. 16—The following atate-
ment showing the strength of the United States
Army, the population of the United States
and the percentage relation of the strength of
the army to the population each decade from
the year 1700 to aad Including the year 18),
with the population estimated for the year

1900, was made to-day by Adjutant-Generul
Corbin.
STRENGTH OF ARMY
om Popuiation

Year. cers Men Tota. of U.S, Per Cent

1700 67 «1.216 «1,278 3020214 8-109 0f1
1400 S18 4,118 4.486 6,306,443 A lOdofl
1610 774 0,147 0.921 7,230,661 14-190 0f1
1420 712 B.250 8.202 9.683,422 8-100 of |
16380 G62¢ 8.324 6,951 12.466.080 §-10%of1
1840 733 6.8387 19,879 17,060.453 6-100 0f1
1650 948 O.4815 19,768 28,101,676 GB-i900f1
1860 1,108 18,250 14,367 31,448,521 5 100 0f1
1879 2.841 84,534 387,075 36,684.871 19-100 of 1
1880 2.15 24,957 26,500 60,185,788 & 100001
1800 2.168 24,921 27,089 62,622.250 41000!)
1900 2,500 68,000 67,899 75,000,000 @-100 of |

NEEDS OF A LITTLE BOY.

Written for Santa Claus With Assurance of
Distinguished Consideration.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.—If Santa Claus will
call at the office of the Postmaster-General he
wil receive a letter which a Georgia boy is very
anxious should reach him before Dec. 25. The
letteris from Edwin Bleckly, Clarksville, Ga.,
and reads aa follows:

Dear St. Claus I wish you would bring mea bicycle
and a pump ond aiso a nice big | gun and please
bring me adrum and 4 born and a nice club and two
aacys of valls and a drawiog knife and apeari handle
knifeand «a boe and a rake anda spade anda wol
chest. don't forget the play things that I ask for to
bring me and St Claus, if 1 am not asking for too
much | would like # ifttle piteh fork and St
Ciaus I have a iiite brother and he would like a
little bell witha handie, and] wo ld like one myself
if you please And my little brother ts mamed henry
and he would {ie for you to bling _a# rubber doll and
St. Claus, please bring mea patrof shoes and asum-
mernew sult, a cap ke my cousin had 1 know you
know tim His name is calvin hendrick. It is 4
leather cap (hat l want My name is Mieckley and St
Claus I know you wont forget me for 1 ama veary
nice boy | minds my jittle brother and doa jot of
thicgs for wy deat mother I boop you don’t think
touat lam asking tomucn

A DEAR LITTLE BOY WHO LOVES YOU.

LONG'S STAY IN THE CABINET.

Revival of the Report That Me Wont Continge
There After March 4, LOOE.

WASHINGTON Aug 18 The report pub.
lished in Brooklyn that Seeretary Long would
resign the N val pertfo the end of
MeKinley's present term ia not nea Some
time ago Mr. Long t red reaignatio
to the President, basing his desire to re

n the ground that he wns afraid that he could
not devote enough time to oMcial dutias The
President persuaded Mr. Long to withdraw
the letter. At that time Mr. Long indicated

after
were re-

that he would not stay in the Cabinet
the 4th of next Mareh if Mr. McKinney

elected, He has not committed himself on
the subject lately. except to say that it was
customary for all Cabinet officers to tender

their resignations at the end of a Presidential
term, if the President under whom they served
was redlectad, in order to enable him to pro-
coed without embarrassment in forming a
new Cabinet,

 

TNE PRESIDENT IN WASHINGTON.

He and Mrs. McKinley Guests of Secretary
Root at Dinver.

WasiHINGTON, Aug. 16.--The President and
Mrs. McKinley arrived {n Washington at 6.30
this morning, She train being forty minutes
later than was expected Private Becretiry
Cortelyou and Dr. Rixey accompanied them,
anda number of White House servants came on
the train from Canton, The President and
Mrs. McKinley, the members of the Cabinet
and their wives now in the city. and Gen,
Corbin were the guests of Secretary Root at
dinner to-ni@ht at the Country Cub ‘The
members of the Cabinet here besides secretary
Root are Secretaries Gage and Wilson and
Postmaster-Genera! Smith

Army Orders,

WASITINGTON, Aug 14%-—The
orders were issued to day

A board of oMecers is appointed to meeton Aug. 20
at the Preaidio of San Francisco for the examination
of such persons designated for appointment of Secs
oud Lieutenant fn the army as may be ordered before
it Detail for the board: Col. Jacob Rawiles Third
Artillery; Ideut.-Col, Henjamin FP. Pope, Deputy
Surgeon General; Major Samuel 0, *otter, Sur
goon volunteers: Capt Sedgwick Prats. Third Arill-

 

following army

 

Tery; First Lieut Elmer Wo Clark, iit hieenth lafar
try, First Laeut Rogers F. Gardoer hird Artillery,
Hecorder

Major Fdward T. Comegys, Surgeon, from San
Francisco to Nagasaki, Japan, a8 medical supply
officer

Woodson, Fieventh Infantry, is as-
sig: ed to Company O of that regiment

Second Licut Willlam M. Kistler igbteenth In
fantry, to the Slocum for duty with reerults to be sentto
the Philippine Isiands and upon arrivalat Manila,
joln his company

First Lieut James Hamilton Is relieved from duty
at Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Capt. Wiliam Bird detatled as professor of military
science aud tactics at the Massachusetts Institute of
lechnology

Capt Seth M. Milliken, assistant commissary of
s.balstence of volunteers, 1s bonorably discharge

Aciing Assistant Surgeon Lieven le Poorter, from
New York elty to New Orleans and report to Surgeon-
General for annulment of his contract

Acting Assistant Surgeoo Herbert M. MeConathy,
from Department of Porto Rico to Waahington

Viest Lieut. William B Richards, Assistant Surgeon
{s relieved from Guty in Department of Porto Rico anc
will proceed to Pinttsbure Harvacks,

Ac\ing Assistant Surgeon Irvine Bennety will pro-
ceed to San Francisco for duty with troops desUned
for China

First Lieut, Bissell Thomas, Thirty-Olth Infantry,
Cipgbarged

The following Acting Assistant Surgeons, United
States Army. will proceed from the places herejn-
after desl@nated to San Francisoo for duty with
troops destined for foreign service: Jobn 1D). Hrooks,
from Washington, D.C; Le D'Orvile Chadut. from
Youngstown, Ohio: Wiliam J. Condon, from James.
bug, N. J. liarry A Cossitt, from Morris Plains, N.
1; U.S. Grant Leaton, from Thackery, Onto; Wai-
iace DeWint, from Hampton, Va, A_ Bruce Hender-
son, from Batavia, Mich.; William V. Kelloga, from
Detrott, Mich; Howard D. Lewis, from Baltimore
Jomes lL. Mabee, from Rockwood, Mich; Robert ¢
May, from Mobile. Als.. Edwin W. l’attersoa, from
Washington, Db. C., Louis J. Pergins, from Pendle-
ton, Ore; Willard D. Preston, from At 3

Lirst Tieut

 

—— scsi esieicesailen einai einai coco eonceacetearchaees lecnd ca ieadccestte da easacs anaes eae t  a eanin cn enc tl ola ie Aeaa alien gnats aa
a

   

 

FIRE CHIEF LANE KILLED,

TROLLEY CAR Hit RIG tN Which aa
WAS RIDING WIitH A WOMAN,

Hoth Were Thrown Oat, bat the Woman Was
Not lojared Lane Wealtdn't Give His Name
and Weated to Ke Driven to the House of
& Triend . Died in Hospital Seon After,

Lane, Battalion Chief in charge
Borouch Pire Department, was
“# Woman yesterday afternoon on
Houleward At Fulton etroet a
sone atahieh rate of apeed struck
rig and the occupants were thrown out,

Char} VV
of the Queen
driving witl
the Hof an
frouey car @
the

The woman declured that she had not been
injured aud, standing up, preceeded to knock
the dust from her skirt Lane sald he waa
hot seriously leet He asked that some one

would procure « carriage, eo that he might be

driven to thet » of a friend. The crowd
Piatt had gathered, seeing he was unable to
geton lila feet, summoned an ambulance, and he
Was taken to the Jamaten Hospital. He re
fused to give his name or address The doctors

at the hospital said that he had been injured
internally and mileht die Then the young
woman said he was Charles W. Lane, the bat-
talion chief in charwe of the Queens Borough
Fire Department. She said he was @ years

old, married and resided with his wife and
family at O41 Blackwell street, Astoria.

When questioned about herself she sald ehe
was Mies Louise Stoekvine, 23 years old, of
White Plains, N. \ lhen she hurried away
and boarded a train for New York,

\r cht Lane becamé uncon.
selous, and died an hour later, His relatives
were notified and made arrangements to have
his body removed to hia home

Before going to Queens borough, Lane was
deputy chief un the Brooklyn Fire Department,

SET DOCS ON HIS DAUGHTER?

The Charge Made Against Contracter Joho
Carroll by 12-Yeer-Old Ho ora Carroll,

Jates Carroll, a Long Island City contractor,
has been pliced under 500 bonds to answer @
charge of assault in the second degree made
Against Link by his twelve-year-old daughter,
Honora. He will be arraigned before Magia-
trate Healy in Long Island City next Tues-
day. The papera on file in the police court at

Long Island City show that the child charges
her father with knocking her down and hold-

ing her wihiie two dogs bit her on the head and
arins

The child was taken to court bound up In
bandauwe was aceompanied by her
mother, who says she is a aister of a prominent
Brooklyn politician The motaner told Count
Clerk Noble that she did not witness the assault

she

on the child, but that her daughter said she
was knocked down and then her father called
upon the two dogs, both mastiffs, to attack
the child. The dogs bit the little girl several
times

Carroll {s about 84 years old and has made
money at contracting. The family live in
an old-fashloned house at 381. Middlebur,
avenue, in the Sunnyside section of Long Islan
City. When seen vesterday Mra. Carroll would
not taik about the dogs being set upon her
daughter by her hueband. She admitted tha
they were moaatiffs, and that since the day ol
the attack, last Monday, the animals had been
sent away.

 

HANDLING BIG GUNS.
National Guard Artillery OMicers Recetve Im-
struction at Fort Hamilton,

The officera of the Thirteenth Regiment
Heavy Artillery, by permission of the War
Department, visited the fortifications at Fort
Hamilton yesterday, where they received in-
struction in working the mortar batteries and
in handling the big guns. The offivers of the
organization, under command «1 Col David
FE Austen, left the Sumner avenue armory
shortly after noon, and wererecelved at the fort
by Col Jotun L Rodgers, the commandant.
Col. Rodgers and several of his officers escorted
the National Guardsmen on the tour of Inepeo-
tion, and afterward Instructed them tn fir’
the guns. A target was placed between Hoff-
man gd Gviabyrne Islands, and three shots
were fired from the 10-inch disappear guns.
Practice with the 7-inch rapid fire quae and
the 12-inch mortara followed. Detalls of the
work were fully explained by Col Rodgers and
his men. Col Austen was accompanied by
Maiora Turpin, Davis and Honney, and about
Fenty captains and lieutenants of the organe
zation.

 

McKinley's Letter of Acceptance,
WASHINOTON, Aug. 16.—President McKinley's
letter of acceptance of the Presidential nomina-
tion of the Republican party will be addressed

from Canton after hia return from Chicago,
where he wiil attend the national G. A. R. ea-
campment.

ne

Business Totices.

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for ebiléren
tecthing, softens the gums, reduces inflammation,
allays pain. cures wind colic, diarrhaa 25¢ @ bottle

MARRiInYPp.

KULL — NWARNISCHFEGER, — On Wednesday,
Aug. 15,1990, at St Thomas Chapel, by the Rev.
W. H. Pott Christian Kull to Miss Minale
K. Harnischfeger, both of New York.

 

 

 

x ex
AUNTINGTON,—At Pine Knot, Racquette Lave,

N. Y¥., on Monday, Aug. 18, 1900, Collls P, Hun-

tington
Funeral service private at bis late residence, 2 Bast

D7tb st, Friday morning, Au@. 17, 1900, astt
o'clock. Services will be conducted by the Rev.
Dr. A. W. Halsey, Secretary of the Presbyterian

Hoard of Foreign Missions. Personal friends and
rel) tives of Mr. Huntington and family are fn-
vited to atiend without further notice

LAWLOR,—On Aug. 16, 1909. Willlam T., Delowed
son of Patrick and Catherine Lawlor, aged 81
years

Po neral from bis late residence, 115 North 34 ot,
Broowlyn, on Saturday, Aug, 18, 1800, at 9:30
A.M. Thence to the Church of Sts. Peter ead
Paul. where 4 solemn mass will be said for the re-
pose of t. «soul

PARSONS, ‘At Plainfield, N. J., on Aug. 14, 1900,
of apoplexy, Mary Memminger Platt, wife of
Kenyon Parsons and daughter of tbe late Rev.
G. Lewis Platt

Funeral private Interment at Greenfield, Mase

PHILLIPS,—On Aug. 16, 1900, Helen§ Loutsa,
daughter of the late Wells and Mary A. Phillips.

Funeral from her late residence, 15 Lombardy st,
Newark, N. J. On Saturday, Aug. 15, 1000, at 3
PM

POWER,—At Wappinger’s Falls, Dutchess cousty,
N. Y., at the rectory of St Mary's Obureh, Rev.
Michael ©. Power, in the 7810 yearof bisage aad
the fifty-third of bis priesthood.

The reverend clergy and friends are Invited with-
out further notice to attend his funeral at the
above-mentioned chureb, on Saturday, Aug. 16,
1900. Train leavestne Grand Central depot for
New Hamburg station at§P.M .

POWERS, On Wednesday, Aug 15, 1090, Arthur
A., son of R. Augustus Powers.

Funeral services at his late residence, 0 Weet 67th
tt., Saturday, Aug. 18, 1900, at 11 o'cloek,

ROSS.—At Belmar, N. J, on Aug. 15, 1000, after @
sbort tilness, Ilenry Harrison, eldest son of Wi
liam A. Floss, ¢ gavad, County Down, Ireland.

Funerai private.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY,
Office, t Madison av., corner 24d 0t.,N. ¥,

   

 

Mew Publications,

Begins in the
August Century Magazine.

“THE HELMET
OF NAVARRE”

“A new story by anew writers
bids fair to be intensely interest-
ing.” — Times-Star, Cincinnatt.

“Spirited in the extreme.”

The Book Bayer.

—_ B. X08 | semen = . aera
James ©. Rutledge, from Detroit, Mieb.; Calvin D. D*352 “Moll Flanders,” “Roxana,” Apuidas's
am

Snyder, from Baliimore.

“Golden Ass,” Voltaire PRATT, 160