Mater ae

Ea a a

Bae

ee.

 

 

 

 

 

TOL LXXV.-NO, 328
009")
YANKEE RUNNER DISQUALIFIED’

BRINGALKG REAL TROUBLE TO
fHE OLYMPIC GAMES.

 

 

Brittsh. Omiclals Declare Carpenter Fouled
Helswetle and Order 400 Meters Re-
ran—Hoote and Hisses Mar Stadiam
Peace and Bitter Feeling Results.

* Specia® Cable Deepaich to THR Sun.

: Lompon, duly 23.—Amid hoots from teris
of thousands of British throats and cheers
from the handful of American spectators
who upheld their champion J.C. Carpenter,
Jr. of Cornell won the 400 meter race at
the stadium this afternoon, but was dis-

on the complaint of a British run -
\aer, Haswelle, who protested that the race
would have been his but for the unfair
tactics of the American. The protest was
gustained, the race declared void and first
place taken from the Yankee, while pan-
demonium reigned in the great crowded
stands, where spectators stormed and
yelled and hooted for more than an hour.

Punctually at 6:30—and great credit is
due the officials throughout the meeting
for the punctuality of the events, which

has been unvarying—the competitors for
the great event of the day entered the
arena. They were received with loud
cheers from all sides, which gave way to
tense silence as the four runners took their
positions ready for the start under the con-
centrated gaze of 50,000 pairs of eyes.

Carpenter had the inside position, with
Halswelle next. Then came Robbins, with
Taylor on the outside. At the pistol Car-
penter took the lead, followed by Robbins
and Halewelle in that order, with Taylor
in the rear, where he remained until the
lamentable end of what should have been
one of the greatest races ever run.

The alleged foul occurred when turning
the corner into the 100 meter straight for

the finish. According to Robbins'’s own
statement in the dressing room immedi-
ately after the race, he’ from practically
the outset got the inside position, with the
lead, and maintained both unti!] round the
corner, seeing nothing of his competitors
until he was five yards from the ftnish. He
said: “One is not looking about when
running at a 48 pace.”

The reporters seated to the right and
left of the winning’ post could only have
had a foreshortened view of the occur-

rence more than a hundred yards down
the track. The three leaders were un-
doubtedly very little behind each other at
the time. Some maintain that Carpenter
had the lead, others that Robbins was in
front and still others fthat Halswelle had
just collared Carpenter on the outside, with

Robbins then running third.
From the seats a couple of yards behind

the winning post on the high placed tier
a ter to cross Halswelle.

~arpen!
When the fi ing of the view is

possible for people eo placed to have seen
the relative distances of three men so close
together. Taylor, who says he was outrun
from the start, declares that he did not see
the incident, but he noticed an opening big
enough to drive a team through. In the
finish Halswelle obviously fell off, losing his
stride. Carpenter's time, taken by on-
lookers, was unofficially given at from 47 4-5
to 49.

The scene in the stadium can only be de-
ecribed as regrettable and discreditable to
all. There was a hideous pandemonium of
hooting and yelling on the stands, and in
the alleyway oustide the stadium knots of
angry men, who in nearly évery case could
not possibly have been in a position toiscy
what had actually happened gave each
other the lie and accused each ot eae
countrymen of being a set of swindlers in
the lurid language which usually oeatdetin:
izes such word contests.

After declaring the race off and that it
would be rerun in half an hour or so, the
judges, finding that was impossible, held a
long consultation. They sent for Hals-
welle alone, a fact which naturally drew
much scathing comment.

Even admitting that coming round the
bend at top speed Carpenter ran wide and
crossed Halswelle in a manner such as to
be not far from him, there does not seem
to be the slightest reason to assume that
the foul was intentional. Trainer Murphy
declares that Carpenter had the right of
way. In his opinion the Englishmen are
all things quite unprintable.

The other American officials, although
hotly repudiating any charge of foul, in-
tentional or unintentional, were in’ favor
of the American representatives running
again. It is doubtful whether the runners
again face the judges for a final verdict.
To rerun the race without all four com-
petitors would be in the circumstances an
indicynent of the disqualified man’s honor,
Which his fellows cannot be expected to
accept by running without him.

In attempting to give a fair account of an
occurrence which the merest handful of
People could have sean in such a way as to
make their opinion really valuable it is un-
profitable to report mere track gossip.
Heated Americans say the judges were de-
termined an American should not win and
that they had too much money on Hals-
Welle to allow him to be beaten.

Equally heated Britishers say it was a
Put up piece of team work between Robbins
and Carpenter, It is also asserted that a

@ Was plaped at the.bend to watch for
anything of the kind. If this were the case,
of course, a man looking for a certai ng
Would be too prone to imagine be saw it.
Tn all this mass of contradiction there is
One thing certain and that is that the bitter-
est feelings have been aroused on both aides,
Which have irretrievably marred the Olympio
Games in London this year.

Following is the official announcement
regarding the 400 meters race: “The British
Olympic judges, after hearing all the evi-

have declared the race void, and it
vill be run at noon Saturday in strings.
Carpenter is disqualified.”

hen this announcement was conveyed
toM. P. Halpin, manager of the American
team, he immediately entered an official
hee His opinion is identical with
t Urphy's, and in an interview he said much

© Bam as the latter and with equal
‘phasis. He admitted that Carpenter
S¥erved at the corner, but only a little bit,

TART VISITS THE PRESIDENT |°° °7*”

LIGHTNING KILLS FOUR

_—
At Pennsylvania Guard Camp and Stuns

Gov. Stuart and Gen, Wiley.

Gsprrspuna, July 23.—Three privates
were killed by lightning, a dozen others,
including Gov. Stuart, his sister, Miss
Cora Stuart, and Surgeon-General C. C.
Wiley, were stunned, and every tent was
swept flat to the ground to-night when a
terrific thunder and wind storm descended
upon the encampment of the Pennsylvania
State National Guard on the Gettysburg
battlefield.

Rain which bordered on a cloudburst
accompanied the storm, flooding the en-
campment and spreading to the town,
inundating the streeta for a depth of two
feet. Dozens of guardsmen and Gettysburg
citizens had narrow escapes from drowning.

The storm struck the camp shortly after
9 o'clock. It lasted only half an hour. In
ten minutes the trioof guardsmen had been
killed, the tents, which cover five square
miles, had been levelled, and the en-
campment ground flooded.

Each was killed in his tent and com-
panions of the dead men were badly burned,

Gov. Stuart, with his sister, Miss Cora
Stuart, was holding a reception at division
headquarters. There were more than two-
score of officers, civilians and women in the
party. In front of the division tents is a
tall metal flagstaff. A bolt of lightning
struck the flagstaff and hit the ground not
a dozen feet from where Gov. Stuart and
party stood. The Governor and the others
fell to the ground stunned.

Then the wind and rain descended upon
the encampment and the division tents
were swept over upon the Governor and
the others who lay prostrate.

Like the drill of the militia in breaking
camp, all of the tents from one end of the
encampment to the other went over.

The Governor and his friends soon re-
gained consciousness and none of them
seemed badly hurt. ‘

The dead are: Corp. Garber, Company C,
Tenth Infantry; Private March, Company
K, Tenth Infantry; Private Morrison, Com-
pany B, Sixteenth Infantry; unidentified
boy, struck by bolt in Young Men's Chris-
tian Association tent.

THE HEAVENS

 

JAB AT US.

Lightning Rends Two Fiagpoles and Boots
a Golden Ball Far.

A bolt of lightning from the storm of
yesterday afternoon struck the 90 foot
flagstaff on the National Casket Com-
pany's building at 48 Great Jones street
near Third avenue. A brass ball sur-
mounting the staff was hurled through
the air for two long blocks and a half, to
Second avefue and Second street. The
-halt..splintered the staff and ran down
through the elevator cables into the earth
without harming any one.

Another swirl of electricity attacked
the flagstaff on the Ge ia Bank Build-
ing, at the Bowery afd Spring street,
shattering it and hurling its pieces all
about. There was a smart scurrying to
escape the falling splinters.

So wicked looking were the flashes tear-
ing the clouds over the lower city that
many persons who might have ignored the
rain sought refuge from the lightning.

nn a

 

GARY HARBOR FORMALLY OPEN,

 

Arrival of First Ore Ship at New Steel
Tewn Appropriately Celebrated.

Gary, Ind., July 23.—The new steel city
of Indiana celebrated the fornial opening
of ite deep water harbor to-day and re- |
ceived through it the first big shipment |
of iron ore which is to be manufactured '
{nto steel in the great mills erected here. |
With flags flying and convoyed by the
gunboat Wolverine, the revenue cutter
Tuscarora, the Illinois naval reserve ship
Dorothea and the thouse tender Sum-
mac the E. H. , loaded with 12,000
tons of iron ore from the Leke Superior
deposits and a cargo of industrial and po-
litical celebrities, appeared off the harbor
a little before noon.

Shortly after noon the big ore boat, the
firgt to enter the harbor, started in. As
she entered the harbor she was saluted
with twenty-one guns fired by each of the
convoys, and when she came to dock along- j
side the great unloading bridges she was
welcomed in behalf of Indiana by John
W. Kern, the Democratic nominee for Vice-
President. i
|
HEARST WON'T CONSENT j

 

 

'
|

 

 

To Run for President—Delegates’ Train |

Starts Sunday Morning.

The seventy-eight delegates from this |
city to the Independence party convention ;
at Chicago will travel in a special train over |
the West Shore, leaving here at 10 o'clock
on Sunday morning. The train will stop :
at stations up State to pick up other dele- |
gates, and it is expected that when the |
special leaves Buffalo there will be at least
125 aboard. The train will be in charge of
Charles E.Gehring, the chairman of the com-
mittee of arrangements.

William R. Hearst will not go on the
delegates’ train. If his ship is on time
he will reach this city early to-morrow
morning and will start at once for Chicago
to meet the State leaders, who will be in
Chicago on Sunday, and to tell them that on
no consideration will he consent to be the
nominee for President.

 

HOUSE IN MEMORY OF QUAY.
Widow and Daughters Will Follow Plans
Concetved by Hall Caine.

Pirrervuro, July 23.—A mansion is to be |
erected on Sewickley Heights in memory
of the late United States Senator Matthew |
8. Quay by his widow and daughters. Mrs.
Quay has already selected the site and will |
begin work at once.

The building will be much like the house
which Quay and Hall Caine planned to-

travelling in Italy six years ago.
Great stress was placed on the library,

4nd gays he was then far enough ahead of ; which was planned roughly by (‘aine for

Hale welle

he liked

q He was two strides ahead, which meant
lead of three yards. If Halewelle did not
Ye room enough to pass him on the aut-

itn aannseenernntanitingiaigdahiabieaae aaa ceeded

Continued on Second Page.

to go to any part of the track

|
|
|
gether while the Senator and his wife were
|
|

Mr. Quay. and these plans will be used by
the widow. An Italian architect is on his |
way to America to design the library. ;

 

WHEN FAILS, Horsford'a Acid |
halt {
| whvmpet ec ai tetapennfal ta ba : O wiee ot larige further
i

» 2

| deck to have a look at Mr. Taft.
| the candidate had regained his seat a man

AND THE PRESIDENT LIKES
AIS SPEECH.

 

Only a Few Changes tn It Suggested at a
Six Hour Conference in Which Secre-
tary Root Took Part—-Taft Returns to
City—His Byes Tired From Overwork.

Oyster Bar, July 23.—William H. Taft,
bringing with him his speech of acoeptance,
arrived here a little before 8 o'clock this
afternoon, He went directly to Sagamore
Hill, where the President and Secretary Root
were awaiting him. Secretary Root is to
remain over night at the President’s house,
where he will be joined to-morrow by As-
sistant Secretary of State Robert Bacon.

Mr. Taft's speech was entirely satisfac-
tory to President Roosevelt. Mr. Roose-
velt and Mr, Root had only a few changes
to suggest and Mr. Taft figured that it
would take him only half an hour after
reaching New York to have the speech in
shape to give out to the press associations.

Mr. Taft said that owing to his labors on
the speech his éyes were troubling him and
that he had not felt able to read President
Roosevelt's speech delivered at Newport
yesterday.

Mr. Taft remained at Sagamore Hill until
9 o'clock, when he again climbed on board
the Government automobile and started
back to New York. He did not stop at the
executive office in the village, and Secretary
Loeb, who left the Hill a little before Mr.
Taft, said that no announcement would be
made here of the matters under discussion
between Mr. Taft and the President. ~

Mr. Taft arrived back at the Hotel Man-
hattan in this city at 11 o'clock last night.
His trip in from Oyster Bay in the automo-
bile was without incident. William Nelson
Cromwell, one of Mr. Taft's closest advisers,
was waiting for him when he returned to
the hotel, and they started to work at once
making the changes tn the speech that had
been upon at Sagamore Hill. That
the changes were not very extensive was
evident from the fact that within half an
hour after Mr. Taft’s arrival at the hotel
he had the speech regdy for disribution in
confidence to the press associations.

It is likely that Mr. Roosevelt had a copy
of the speech before Mr. Taft got to Oyster
Bay. It was understood at Hot Springs
that Mr. Taft sent a copy of the speech to
the President last Sunday night. Mr, Taft's
decision tg visit Oyster Bay became known
the next day, which would just about be
time enough for Mr. Roosevelt to have
received the copy. Any apprehension that
the President had ebjected to the speech
was dissipated last night, however, when
Mr. Taft got back and handed out the
speech after only a few minutes conference
with Mr. Cromwell.

Mr. Taft had left his secretary, Fred
Carpenter, in New York with a copy of the
speech when hé went through in the morn-
ing to Oyster Bay. Mr. Carpenter had
hurried with the speech to a printer ana
had stood guard over it all day while it
was being put in type. Herbert Parsons
also had an eye out in New York on the
printing end of the game.

Mr. Taft acknowledged last night that
he had tried in vain to boi] the speech down
to the figure which he had set at first. The
speech will run over 10,000 words.

Mr. Taft will take breakfast this morning
at the Hotel Plaza with his brother, Henry
W. Taft. He will meet one or two friends
at the HUtel Manhattan in the course of
the day, and will leave for Cincinnati to
learn of his nomination at 5:30 o'clock in
the afternoon over the New York Central.

Mr. Taft's trip from Hot Springs to New
York was practically without incident. A
good sized crowd gathered at Covington,
Va., where his sleeping car lay for anhour
and a half, but Mr. Taft refused to come
out. That was close on to midnight. The
crowd was so insistent, however, that Con-
gressman Slemp of Virginia finally appeared
on the car platferm and told the crowd that
Mr. Taft was tired and had gone to bed.

At West Philadelphia a dozen or more
railroad laborers spotted Mr. Taft at the
car window and oalled for him to come
out. He waved his hat, but that didn't
satisfy the men.

“If it was Teddy,” shouted one, “he would
have been out long ago.”

After that Mr. Taft opened his window
and shook hands a}] around.

At Jersey City Mr. Taft was greeted with
cheers by the ferry hands.

“There goes the next President of the
United States,” said one.

“Are you a prophet?” asked Mr. Patt.

While crossing the bridge on the New
York side one of the ferry hands waved his
cap and shouted, “Hello, Bill!”

Mr. Taft responded cordially:

“Hello, boys!”

When Mr: Taft reached the New York
end of the West Twenty-third etreet ferry
he was met by one of the Government auto-
mobiles and James Sloan,Jr., the President's
personal guard. Other automobiles were
ready for the newspaper men who had ac-
companied the candidate from Hot Springs.
With Sergt. Casey of the traffic squad as a

' convoy, Mr. Taft was driven rapidly across

the city to the Thirty-fourth street ferry
to Long Island City.

When the Government auto sped across
Broadway at Twenty-third street, break-
‘ng all traffic regulations, four pclicemen
on duty at the crossing made a dash for
the car. Evidently they did not recognize
Sergt. Casey, for the first cop to reach the
auto, which was halted at the gar side of
the crossing, thrust his head through the
curtains and was about to say something
hot and hasty when he was transfixed by
the Taft smile. ‘

“Oh,” said the policeman, quite softly.
“It's all right, Judge; let her go.”

On board the ferryboat Mr. Taft climbed
down from the machine at a request from
the photographers and was at once sur-
rounded by the crowd on the boat, many
of whom stood in the rain on the open
After

who could have given him a handicap in
a race for weight edged up to the auto
and gazed admiringly at the candidate's
proportions. He finally attracted Mr. Taft's
attention and the latter held out his hand
and said with a laugh:
“I'm glad to meet you.
something in common,”

I see we have

Non-Committal Campaign Button,

A Tammany man was giving out at the
Hoffman House last night buttons in-
scribed “Me for Bill.” He didn't particu-

JULY 24,

|

‘between receipts and disbursements

 

OIL TRUST AGAIN.

 

Vigorous Order Issued by Roosevelt to
Bonaparte.

OyaTzR Bay, July 23.—In addition to being
called in to advise with the President and
Mr. Taft concerning the latter's speech of
acceptance Secretary Root, it is understood,
was invited to come early so that President
Roosevelt might avail himself of Mr. Root’s
legal] knowledge in deciding what course to
pursue in regard to the reversal of Judge
Landis's $20,000,000 fine decision in the
Standard Oil case.

Secretary Root arrived at Sagamore
Hill several hours before Mr. Taft and re-
mained after his departure. Mr. Loeb,
who usually returns from the Hill about
2 o'clock, was kept busy at’ the conference
until nearly 8 On his return to the ex-
ecutive office he gave out, without com-
ment, the following statement:

“The President has directed the Attorney-
General to immediately take steps for the
retrial of the Standard Oil case. The re-
versal of the decision of the lower court
does not in any shape or way touch the
merita of the case, excepting so far as the
size of the fine is concerned.

“There is absolutely no question of the
guilt of the defendants or of the excep-
tionally grave character of the offences.

“The President would regard it as a
gross miscarriage of justice if through any
technicalities of any kind the defendant
escaped the punishment which would have
unquestionably been meted out to any
weaker defendant who had been guilty of
such offence. The President will do every-
thing in his power to avert or prevent such
miscarriage of justice.

Cuicaao, July 23.—An order to proceed
with the prosecution of the Standard Oil
cases came to District Attorney Sims to-
night. The order comes direct from Pres-
ident Roosevelt through Attorney-General
Bonaparte.

It means that in spite of the adverse de-
cision of the United States Court of Appeals
there is to be no letup in the case ang that
immediate steps for retrial are to be taken.

LEAVE BENCH.

$20,000,000 Ol) Fine Decision May Be
the Judge's Last.

Cx1caco, July 28.—Judge Peter S. Gross-
cup's early retirement from the Federal
bench was the reason given and generally
accepted to-day for the quick decision of the
Federal Court of Appeals in the Standard
Oil case. The report was to the effect that
the Judge desired to clear up his docket so
he could resign and practise law as soon
as possible.

That the Judge has been anxious for
some time to leave the bench and return
to private practice has been known to

GROSSCUP MAY

 

er him in the way of honors; the { |

more to
work has become irksome, and the pay is
unquestionatiy small as compared with
what he could earn at the bar,

 

TREASURY RUNNING BEHIND.

epee
A Defielt of a Million Dellars for Each

Working Day—Falling Off in Receipts.

WASHINGTON, July 23.—-The current re-
ceipts of the Government since the opening
of the fiscal year, on July 1, have declined
by about $6,000,000 as compared with the
first twenty-three days of the fiscal year
1907. At the same time there has been an
increase in expenditures, and the daily
Treasury statement already shows a deficit
for three weeks of more than $20,000,000.

The failing off in customs receipts is
asource of concern to the Treasury officials.
Since July 1 the collections have amounted
to only $14,510,606, as against $20,107,903 in
the same days of last year. This decrease,
of about 30 per cent., upsets the calcula-
tions of the Secretary as announced in
his annual message to Congress, It is
realized that there must be a marked im-
provement in general business conditions
if there is to be any considerable increase in
the current receipts from customs during
the next few months,

There has also been a falling off in re-
ceipts from internal revenue, although
the loss from this source has amounted
to only $600,000 in the first three weeks
of July. There is always a Treasury deficit
in July and August, by reason of the fact
that;a large number of new appropriations
become available at the beginning of the
fiscal year; but this year's discrepancy
is
unusually large. In the last three weeks
the Government has been running behind
at the rate of $1,000,000 for every working
day.

Since the early part of July the deposits
of Government moneys in national banks
under the recent call of Secretary Cortelyou
have been reduced by about $85,000,000.
In consequence the available cash balance

in the Treasury has been considerably in- |

creased. The cash balance, however, on
account of increased daily expenditures
and diminished receipts stood to-day at
only $208,059,047, as against $236,197,910 on
July 3.

SENATOR RAYNER’S SON FOUND.

Discovered in Virginia After Wandering
Since Last March.

BavTIMorE, July 23.—-William B. Ray-
ner, son of United States Senator Rayner,
who left the city last March suffering from
nervous and mental trouble, was brought
(o Baltimore from Norfolk this morning,
accompanied by his father and several
physicians and nurses. He was taken to
an institution in western Pennsylvania
and placed under the care of medical ex-
perts.

When young Rayner left Baltimore last
March he was under the care of two prom-
inent alienists. He eluded his attendants
and buying an automobile started for the
mountains of Pennsylvania,

 

He was traced afterward to Atlantic |

City and from there he made a trip across
the continent to Los Angeles, intending
to go to San Francisco and take a steamer
to Japan, After spending about a month
on the Pacific Coast he came East and was
heard from at a watering place on Lake
Ontario. From there he went to the New
England coast, and some time last week

he left Boston and went to King George | Hiliquit
county, Virginia, From there he went to | ticket for

Alexandria and took a eteamer for Norfolk.

On Monday afternoon Senator Rayner |

was notified by friends in Norfolk his
son's presence and the Senator found him
at me farmhouse between Norfolk and

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

908. —Copyricht, 1908, by TAe Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

WEST POINT CADETSSENT HOME

EIGHT OF THEM DISMISSED IN
DISGRACE FOR HAZING.

Two Were First Class Men and the Others
Were Yearlings,as Third Class Men Are
Called—Their Offence Was “Bracing”
the Newcomers—Two From This State.

Eight West Point cadets, two of them first
class men within ten months of their shoul-
der straps, and the rest yearlings, as they
call the third class men at the Military
Academy, have been dismissed in disgrace
for hazing. They started, for their homes
yesterday by the order of Col. Hugh L.
Scott, superintendent of the Academy,
and there they will stay unless the Secre-
tary of War permits them to reenter.

They are William T. Rossell, who stood
sixth fh his class and who played substitute
tackle on last season’s football team, and
Harry G. Weaver of the first class, and
Georga W. Chase, Jr.; William Nalle, Jr.,
Byron Quimby Jones, Wijliam Wellington
Prude, Jr., Isaao Spalding and James A.
Gillespie of the yearlings. Rossell was ap-
pointed at large. Weaver is from Iilinols,
Chase and Jones from New York, Walle
from Virginia, Prude from Alabama, Spaid-
ing from Oklahoma and Gillespie from
Pennsylvania.

None of them was guilty of downright
brutality and none of the fourth class was
hurt in any way, but the eight treated the
act of Congress of March, 1901, specifically
designed to prevent the roughing of plebes,
as if it were meant to be winked at. The
hazing consisted in “bracing,” an ancient
device of upper classmen to make the new-
comers acutely uncomfortable; a modified
system of “fagging” such as exists in some
English public schools, and a variety of
petty tyrannies practised on the tender
plebes.

Since 1901 when Congress sent a board
to West Point to investigate the ways of
the upper olass men with the plebes and
there was a great to do about the whole
business, leading finally to the passage of
the act referred to, there hasn’t been any
real hazing at the Military Academy. The
officers in charge knew of course that the
fourth class men weren't handled with
gloves éxactly by the older boys, but so
long as there were no complaints and actual
injustice did not appear nothing was said.

For the*first time in more than eight
years it became evident, the first of this
month, that a pretty neat system of hazing
was in use. The cadets, all save the second
class men, who are on leave, are in camp,
andfrom the plain at night came the squeak-
ing of distressed plebes. Investigation de-
veloped nothing at first. Then Col. Scott
put a board of investigation to work.

It was composed of Lieut. Col. Robert
L. Howze, commandant. of cadets and
instructor of tactics; Capt. Morton F.
Smith of the Twentieth Infantry, who is

instructor ia cavalry tactics;
aries P. Summerell of the Third Field
Artillery, senior instructor in artillery
tactios, and Capt. George S. Simonds of the
Twenty-second Infantry, assistant instruo-
tor of tactics.

They learned enough at the outset’ to
justify calling up almost the entire fourth
class to testify, and the plebes weren't
at allbackward about telling. Many angry
boys complained that Russell or Weaver
or some of the others “braced” them for
half an hour at a time, compelling them
to stand rigidly at attention with their
chests out, their chins up and their stomachs
tucked in. If they didn’t attitudinize to
please their critics they were knuckled
in whatever part of their body protruded
too much too suit.

Several of the eight, it was found by
the investigating board, had compelled
by threats of a good licking.‘some of the
greenhorns to fag for them, make beds,
shine boots, darn socks, clean up their
rooms or attend to any othér manual or
unpleasant labor. Sometimes the hazers
made the plebes sing while they worked,
and if a plebe wouldn't sing—why he was
made to sing.

One of the cadets in disgrace evolved a
set of orders, all of his own, for the dis-
cipline of the plebes. Some of the senior
officers at the Academy were smiling grimly
over those orders yesterday. He forced
the new cadete of his company—and he
was only a high private—to fall in for any
formation at the first call, the first roll of
the drums, although the regulations allow
five minutes between first and second calls,

If a plebe didn't scramble into the ranks
at the first mutter of the drums that plebe
was reasoned with by the self-appointed
superintendent of the Military Academy
and a corps of very capable aids.

Some of his other orders which infuri-
ated the plebes concerned conduct during
drill, the proper ways to handle a knife and
fork at mess time—which weren't proper
ways at all—and the general duty of fourth
‘ class men to consider themselves worms
of the earth.

Col. Howze and°his board got enough evi-
| dence to fasten the blame on the eight

that were sent home to their fathers and

mothers yesterday. When they were called
; up and the charges against them were
; Tead they didn’t try to yarn out of trouble
; or to dodge the consequences. Man by

man, each pleaded guilty to whatever speci-
| fication concerned him. Not all of them

were charged with the same offence by any
| means,

Now it is up to the Secretary of War,
for Col. Scott has forwarded a oopy of the
charges and astatement of his action to
Washington. It is known that Col. Scott

| hated to take action so stringent, but there
was nothing left for him to do. . As one of
| the officers remarked: “If Col. Scott hadn't
| taken cognizance of the hazing somebody
| higher up might have taken cognizance
| of him,”
| All of the men expelled were popular
among their associates, and the cadets
| were wondering eercey what they céuld
' do to help Rossell, Weaver and the rest out
| of their scrape. Writing letters to im-
Gerees people like the dent or the
e of War about matters of this
' kind is forbidden by the lations, but
| some of the boys thought their fathers had

enough influence home to enlist some Con-
sresemen and in that way get to the head

of the War Department.

Run Hiltquit for Congress Again.

It was announced yesterday by the So-
gialist party that it has nominated Morris
who ran on the Socialist party
| Congreas in®the Ninth district
; two years ago, for the second time as Con-
man in the district. When he ran be-
: fore he made fie bent showing of any other

Socialist candidate in this di Sifot, Polling

1,200 votes more than the Repub -

 

 

° Farpay,- Jour 4, 1008;
Local rains to-day and to-morrow; fresh
east to southeast winds.

RENGTHEN ENGLAND'S NAVY.

 

ST
Announcement Made by Sec'y Haldane
~No Need to Dwell on Reasons,
Special Cable? Despatch to TH SUN.

Lonvon, July 23.—War Secretary Hal-

dane in a speech at Workingtohb said that

for reasons‘on which he did not need to

dwell the navy would be strengthened next

year.

WAINWRIGHT MAY GET FLEET.

mee ae eee

Reported Ttiiat He Will Succeed Sperry
When Ships Get Home.

Newport, July 28.—There is a rumor in
the naval circle here that Rear Admiral
Richard Wainwright is booked for command
of the baftleship fleet when it returns to the
Atlantic after ite trip around the world.

It was said to-day that Admiral Sperry
after he brings the ships into home
waters would most likely be assigned to
other duty and that Rear Admiral Wain-
wright was most likely to be his successor.

TAKE BACK YOUR RAILROAD.

Retired Ratiroaders Sammoned to Ran
. the Belt Line Cars Again.

Judge Lacombe of the United States
Cirouit Court filed yesterday an order
directing Recelvers Joline and Robinson
of the New York City and Metropolitan
Street Railway companies to communicate
with the recently elected directorate of
the Belt Line and to ascertain the time
when the latter will be prepared to identify
the property and assume its control.

Judge Lacombe says:

“The Court fully appreciates what a
hardship it would be to the publio to have
the road cease running and has authorized
the receivers to assist in keeping it in
commission, but it is net willing to oon-
tinue indefinitely assuming responsibilities
of operation which legitimately belong
elsewhere.”

STATE CONVENTION SEPT. 15.

Parsons Says @ne Bay Won't Do—Non-
Committal About Hughes.

Chairman Herbert Parsons of the Repub-
lican county committee, who came from
Hot Springs with Secretary Taft, said that
when the State committee meets in this
city on August 12 it will undoubtedly de-
cide to hold the State convention on Sep-
tember 15, in spite of the State fair. It
would not be possible to hold the conven-
tion on Monday the 14th and finish off the

business in one day.
Mr. Parsons refused to commit himself

 

 

 

on the possibility of the renomination of
Gov. Hughes.

“But if Gov. Hughes should announce
himself as a candidate is there any doubt
that he will be renominated?” was asked.

“I cannot say what will happen, that is a
matter that the convention will decide,” was
Mr. Parsons’s reply.

ELEPHANT NABS DROWNING MAN.

Lifts Him to Her Back and Carries Him
Safely to Shore.

PRovIDENCE,*July 23.—An elephant saved

 

 

 

Capt. |'Harry. Tracy, 20 years old, from drowning”

at. Crescent Park this afternoon. The
animal carried the young man from deep
water, in which he sank when he was seized
with cramps. Several elephants which be-
long to Powers's Hippodrome were taking
their daily bath and a large crowd stood
on the wharf watching them, while Tracy
with several others was bathing. Suddenly
Tracy cried for help and went down.

The keeper in charge of the elephants
drove Lena, one of the larger beasts, into the
prater toward the spot where Tracy dis-
appeared. When the elephant was almost
beyond her depth the keeper leaped from
her back and swam to where Tracy was
struggling. He brought Tracy a few feet
nearer shore, and at a word the elephant
plucked the half drowned man from the
water and swung him to her back. She
likewise took up the trainer and carried
both ashore.

55 TAKEN IN

Old Fashioned House in Henry Street Alive
With Trapped Men.

Fifty-five prisoners were taken yester-
| day afternoon in a raid on ean alleged pool-
room in an old fashioned residence at 182
'

 

POOLROOM RAID.

Henry street.

Detectives Goldhammer and Fleisch-
mann of Deputy Commissioner Hanson's
staff obtained evidence, and yesterday
afternoon called in Capt. Schlottmann
and a squad from the Madison street station
with two patrol wagons. The house was
crowded with men Who couldn't escape,
because they were surrounded. Several
telephones were ripped out, and with a
quantity of racing sheets marked “New
York and Canada” were taken with the men
to the Madison street station. Apparently
the place had been running a few days
only on information obtained from the
track at Windsor,-Canada.

The two men charged with keeping and
maintaining a poolroom said they were
James Murphy, a olerk, of 510 Pear! street,
and Charles Weil, an artist, of 510 West
124th street. The other fifty-three were
charged with being common gamblers.
All will be in Essex Market court to-day

HAWAIIAN NAVAL RESERVE.

Movement te Start It With Natives as
Recruits—Navy Officers Pleased,

 

Speolal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun. .
HONOLULU, July 23.—The visit of the
battleship fleet has led to a movement here
for the organization of a naval reserve, to be
recruited mainly from native Hawaiians.
! Several prominent Hawaiians discussed the
matter with officers of the fleet,
The officers approved the project, be-
| cause practically all, Hawaiians make ideal
sailors. e

SURPRISE FOR HINDU SCHOLAR.

Sliver Steani From Out of the East Brings
His Loves to Him.

Teja Suigk,a young Hindu graduate of

| Oxford and professor in a college of the
Punjab, recently came here from England
to prepare a home for his wife and two
little ones. He left them in London and
told his wife to wait until he notified her
before she started for this port. He was
surprised yesterday to receive a despatch
from Ellis Island, directed to his tem-
porary home at 519 West 121st street, telling
him that his little brood was detained at
| Ellis Island. He went down yesterday
and got them,. His wife said that she has
found that she could not stay away from
him any longer, that the children were
crying for him most of the time, and so she
decided to come to him. She arrived on
| the Oceanic, and as there was no one to
| meet her she was sent to Ellis Island. The

| Fee eereras tt. tear mum uks
schedules }

 

 

ee a ee)

a . a : Shay

   
 

 

 

 

( PRICE TWO CENTS.

GIRL’S DEATH POLICE SCANDAL

ONE OF THEM ARRESTED FOR
THE PARK CRIME,

 

 

He Had Been Going Through the Motions
of Inquiring Into the Case—Says Now
It Was a Suicide in His Presence
—Trapped by a Picture Post Card,

Policeman David Shellard of the Ham-
burg avenue station in Brooklyn was are
rested yesterday afternoon in the office
of Police Inspector Hussey, charged with
homicide in causing the death of the
young woman whose body, with a bul-
let wound in the temple, was found
early on Wednesday morning in the tool
house in Irving Square Park, Williams-
burg. He was locked up in a cell in his
own station house last night after he had
stated that he was in the tool house with the
woman when supposed to be on duty and
that she killed herself with his revolver.

The woman was identified early yester-
day morning as Barbara Rieg of 330 Maujer
street. She was 30 years old and lived with
her parents. She had knawn Shellard since
last December, when he picked up an
acquaintance with her on the street, and
she subsequently had told her relatives
that a policeman was following her and
annoying her and wanted her to run away
with him.

Shellard was one of the policemen who
reported the finding of Barbara Rieg's body,
He was sent out in citizen's clothes by his
commander, Capt. Wormell, to do deteo-
tive work on the case and try to get an iden-
tification. It was not until a picture post
card sent to Barbara Rieg by Shellard
was found at-her home that'the policeman,
supposed t6 be hard at work running dowa
clues, owned. up that he knew her and told
@ story of how she shot herself while the
two were alone in the tool house in the dark
while the rain beat down upon the roof.

“I didn’t kill her, so help me God,” he said
to Inspector Hussey. “I knew that I would
be suspected if I told the true story, and that
is why I képt quiet.”

Shellard looks like a boy. He is onty 25
years old, smooth faced, tall and slender,
and has been a poliéeman just a year.
Three months he was married. He
lives at 202 St. Nicholas avenue, Brookiyn.

There is evidence thaf the tool house in
which the policeman and the young woman
sat for an hour before the shot which killed
her was fired has been the resort of police- .
men for a Jong time. A locksmith on
Knickerbocker avenue says he sold them
keys to it, Shellard got the post four
months ago and lost no time in buying a
key, apparently being tipped off to the
advantages of this by some of his com-
rades. However, the other policemen at-
tached to the precinct deny that they had
thie- house and*Capt.. Wormell.-
said repeatedly y.sterday that it was ridic-
ulous to connect his men with the ca3e.

After Shellard's arrest Commissioner
Bingham began an investigation. He or-
dered Inspector Hussey to examine every
man in the precinct from the captain down
and to make a report to-day to Deputy
Commissioner Woods. Capt. Wormell is
73 years old.

The Rieg woman had been wayward
and seven years ago had a child. She
was engaged to marry Adolph Hack, a
truckman, who said he knew all about her
but believed that she would mak® a good
wife. About the neighborhood she was
known as “Boh.” She was a good looking,
buxom German girl. Her friends said that
she knew a number of policemen.

On Tuesday night Barbara went to a
party, although her mother tried to dis-
suade her. When she failed to return that
night—a thing she had never done before,
the mother said—the family started looking
for her. They heard about the girl found
shot in the park, but thought nothing of
this until they saw a picture of Barbara in
@ newspaper yesterday morning. Then
Barbara's father, Augustus Rieg, a printer,
went to the Hamburg avenue police station
with his wife and Hack and identified the
clothing. Then going to the park they
recognized the body.

All this time Shellard, rigged up in rubber
boots, soft hat and the clothes of a citizen,
was legging it about after “clues.” Most of
Tuesday he poked around in the park.
He showed a special dislike of reporters.
“Amateur sleuths,” he called them, and
pretended to make fun of their efforts to
clear up the mystery. When some of
them tried to enter the tool house Shellard
barred the way. “Orders from the Com-
missioner,” he said. Policeman Rudolph
Kohler, who heard the shot on Tuesday
night, was with Shellard, also in citi-
zen's clothes. Reporters who§sought to
get Kohler's story were shooed away by
Shellard, who advised his brother officer
not to have anything to do with them.
And Kohler. didn't, although all that he
was supposed to know was that he had_
heard a shot from the tool house, had met
Shellard and had gone for an ambulance
after Shellard had entered the house and
coming out had told him a woman had
killed herself.

Shellard and Kohler made reports to
their captain throughout the day. Capt.
Wormell told inquirers that it was a case
of suicide, although the weapon was miss-
ing and it was a little difficult to explain
how Barbara Rieg got into the tool house,
which had been locked by Watchman Mc-
Mahon the evening before. But from
the neighborhood came stories of how tired
policemen sought the tool house as a con-
venient shelter, and on Wednesday night
an investigation was begun at the Ham-
burg avenue station. Nearly every police-
man was questitned, including Shellard
and Kohler. Every one of them denied
that he had a key to the tool house, even
Sheilard and Kohler, whose posts took fn
the park. MoMahon, the watchman, said
that he had been on the job four months
and had never let his key out of his pos-
session, Shellard and Kohler were posi-
tive they had never seen the girl before.

Shellard didn’t go back to the sleuth
act yesterday. Inspector Hussey gave
orders that he be held in reserve in the sta-
tion house, because the policeman had con-
tradicted himself at the night examina-
tion.

After the identification was made yes-
terday the Rieg family were questioned
and a search of the girl's room revealed
the picture post card. It was an Easter
card, on which two doves were fiying, and
it was addressed to the lithographing shop
of the Sackett & Wilhelms, Company, 1013
Grand street, where the Joung woman |

\