L. LXXVI.—XO. 221.
BUY BURGLARS IN WALL ST.

prore THREPR sTOoRtTES RY
WATER PIPE TO GFT «Wa.

 

“yO

 

oe Lands on He Heed and May Die The
Other Canght, and ihe Leet, 6200 in
Bills, Recovered The Jantier, Whe
First Dterevoredt Them, Badly Beaten.

The janitor of the Ceatral Trust Cem |

r.nv Building at 54 Wall street had a

 
   

Che

ee

+ NE

' REVIVED worm sTiCKriN.

| Weman Recegnizes “Starving Sirtker as
ue She Bas Seen Before

A sympathetic crowd gathered around
- young man who seemed to be in the
| throes of an epileptic fii at Belmont and
| Thatford avenues, Brooklyn, last aight
| 18 was io the glare of many arc lamps,
, and the pain shown on his face was ench
| 8 to cause sympathizers to turn away
A pretty young woman took his head in
her lap) Another tried to revive bim
with a stimulant obtained at » nearby

roneh that there was something queer | café

out the lean offices of Joline, Larkin
+ Rathbone on the eighth floor when he
ade his rounds at 9:30 o'clock last aight

“I'm a Philadelphia railroad man. a
Striker I'm starving.” the man mut-
tered. Then he went into another spasm
just as Mrs Flizabeth Berger of 146 Am-

ight was burping. everything seemed | boy street and Policeman Gustave Shoren-

© lh. but the janitor drew back from the
cuss door and waited

Presently he saw two young men who
rad towels tied around the lower part
of thetr faces as masks tiptoeing across the
“oor of the cashier's office. One of them

tal « handful of bank notes Frank ; the

Harmos, the janitor, knew one of the boye
ceanite the towel.

“What are you doing in there’” he called
*You'we no business there You were
fred *

He jumped for the door, which was
partiy open, and grabbed the knob, but
e' the same instant the pair inside threw
their weight against it and fought to keep
Harmon out He was too husky for
them and forced the door wide open
As he took a step inside one of the pair
hammered him over the head with an
tron bar That was the last Harmon
remembered for several minutes

When his senses came back to him he
ran to a window and velled for the police.
He was pretty well knocked out and had
to cling to the window while he shguted
for help. He had a vague idea that the
'¥o men were still in the offices and that
one of them had run out into the hallway

Sidney Jones. the watchman, was the
first who heard Harmon's shouts. The
eevator wasn't in commission and Jones
dashed up the stairs, trying to find Har-
mon. He pulled his pistol on the way up.
4’ the sixth landing a young man in a
creat hurry to descend epotted the watch-

sn and the gun and wheeled and dodged
around a marble corner He was out of
range and gone before Jones could fire

When the watchman got to the offices
of Joline, Larkin & Rathbone there was
n body in saht except the dazed janitor,
*ho waved @ hand toward an open win-
» That window gave upon the roof
the Sew Vork Life Insurance and
st Company Building at 52 Wall street,
a ‘ive story structure Marmon was
hardly able to talk. but be mace Jones

nderetand that the pair had climbed

t of the window and skinned down a
water pipe leading to the roof of the ad
joining building

While Jumes was figuring what todo
t'» police came tearing in. balf a dozen
men from the Jong street
i Wall at ther bend Wall fook a

kK out inte the night and thought he
could make out in the shadows of the

ut
pie

f below something that looked like 4) 6 her aunt. Mary G Pininew, met with |

uns body

Wall wheatied several shrlltuotios that |

ee ved to pull pohbcemen'« hende from
* ndows of the New York Life and Trust
Company Building. He ordered them to
get on the roof and look around They

clambered onto the roof, shot the vellow |

ant of en electric lantern around and
eame squarely on the body of a young
man who @wusa evidently tadiv hurt
They pieced tum up and eerried him into
tt» New York Life Building and then
rurted to make a search for his pal
[hey found him in one of the fret apart
@-its they visited, the rooma vused by
janitor of the builling He was
( hone ina corner, pale and soared

« so frightened that be could harcly |

& out an evplanation of what had

gore on teeut) Wall made out,
that the safe in the lawvers’
id been robbed and that the money
ti een hidden on the roof of the truilding

.

trdn't take long to find the money.
~ toon belle Theeroll had been droped
» onda chimney 4a soon as the money
> found an ambulauce surgeon told
poloeman that burglar No. | was
na tle had fatlen while making
«ide down the water pipe and had

m hie head

ens

ere was a compound fracture of the | gaith and credit and is not to be attacked | t and
so bad that the young doctor! in a collaters! proceeding in the courts! Pocket

ted if the boy would recover con-
anees
* policemen went to work on the
r lad to find out what it all meant
ther one had passed from fright to
onpes and it waen't easy to extract
ration. They got ont of bim that
cme was Lawrence Bennie and that
» vears old. Hie injured com-
n was J Barry, aleo 2) «©6He more
upted thet both names were as-
| but he wouldn't give any others
ry the one whom the janitor recog-
had been employed as an office
Adrian H. Joline until a short
when he was discharged. He
ded Bennie, according to the lat-
that it wonld be easy to get
« firm's safe Bennie didn't re-
“: bow Barry opened the door of
fives or how he opened the safe.
{ on dea that Barry knew the
on Young Mr. Benme was
»with the suggestion that it would
fos memory was fresher in the

sae

vorn

nat

was taken to the Hudson street
where it was said that he would
ve Harmon had to go there
rreatment His head was pretty

v

iawed

h cd After rifting te Sea m Small

Proteh «teamehip Benectiff, om yee-
from Melanzas, picked up fifteen
Highland< Seamen John
and Christian Nelson of the
froma Henderson, anchored
” / The men hed been ashore
roakone an effore to remeh ther
Thursday cight im a etromg «tri

sroed owt through the Narrow

f the oars of their vavl haa

a

' el (ost of Living Hite Preachers.
Ind. Aprilé@. The Northern
onference of the Methoctim
ded to-day that owing to the
f hving families that entertain
shall noe asked to furnish
one cight’s lodging end one
sfere will have to pay except
ht eod breakfast.

ee eee ee

brand arrived Taking a quick glance
atthe man, Mre Berger said:

“TPM revive the poor fellow,” she said,
and with one or two quick jabs of a tiny
Stickpin she made good her word

“Ouch! Oh, oh, ob!” yelled the man

Then Mrs. Berger told the crowd that
man was a faker. “last Sunday,”
she said, “this man threw a fake fit and
told his old story down in front of my
house. We collected $5 for him, and a
sympathetic friend took him home for
the night. The man and some valuables
disappeared during the night ”

Policeman Shorenbrand arrested the
man on acharge of vagrancy He said
he was Loius Kilie 21 years old living in
Rivington street, Manhattan

 

CNION BANA WAN DP UD.
Sheek of the Suspension Tee Vurh for
Frederick Warnté.

Frederick Marbie manager of the Stuy-
vesant branch of the Union Rank in
Brooklyn. died Inst night at hie home.
7 Greene avenue, in consequence of
the shock he suffered from the sudden

suepension of the bank on Tuesday

Mr. Marble did net know the bank
was in any trouble and when he reached
the branch office at 1577 Fulton street
Tuesday morning and saw the notice
of suspension posted on the door he was
#0 overcome that he staggered inade
He struggled hard for a couple of hours
to regain bis composure and to attend
to the affairs of the bank, but about noon
collapsed

Mr. Marble was taken home It was
found he was suffering from cerebral hem-
orrhage. brought on, according to the
doctors, by shock at learning of the
bank's closing, Pneumonia develope
on Wednesday night

Mr. Marble. who was 60 vears old, had
been connected with the Union Hank
for twenty years His friends on learning
of the closing of the bank at once started
& Movement to reorganize a hew bank
and make him its president) and they
'were in consuitetion over the matter
| when they heard of his illness He
leaves a widow and two clhuldren

WARS. CURTISS LOSES ON APPRAL.

etalom Bitn te @eurt Beelines te Appemt &

New Lanacs Commissten.

Mra Julia Watt Morris Curtin. who
inherited a third of the $5080.00) estate

Avocet
when

fanother eetback yesterday in an
t regain comtrol of her preperty
Appellate Division reversed on order
ef the lower court dhreotene ¢ cnn nmiusen a
ie new able to tke ov

'
+ the
|
'

te aeoertm if she
| of herself ond her or perty

Mrs
m Comnectrent in 10/7 om the ground of
htemnperance and metab dere ngetpent
Coneervatore of her property and a com
«f heer have nn
eomtrol sinee that Shae beret
finvolved in olmost continucus |
nan effert te gan control

Btn tT eee peterson trent
han

tr@atiom

| lower court twiee they have been re
} versed in the Appellite Division

Justice Clorke, wrteng the deemion!
| veesterday. declares that the prov umon

lfor the appeantment (fa lunacy comirns
ation such ae Mre Curtwes now asks for
applies solely to proceedings taken £57
the appointment of a committee in the
| fret instance No such proceeding» irr
authorized where a committee hae al-
| ready been apoointed and the imcor

| petent chimsa to have recovered. The |

| objection to the order appealed from
| goes even deeper, because the Appellate
| Division has alrenciy determined that
j the Connecticut court bad full juci=-

te fall

i dietieon and ite order i entitled

j of thie State

“The presence of Mre. Curties im this
ite in by leave given by the Conneeticnt
jeourt for temporary purposes.” says
Juatice larke “The respect due to the
decrees of a sister State as well as our
own previous decision. require the court
to refuse to inquire whether that court
'was right cor wrong im ite original
| determination that Mre. Curtiss was an
incompetent”

| poy DIES OF KVOCKOUT RLOW.

| se

| VYeung Treheu (Conscious Onty for a Ve
ment Sincere the Fight.

| Pasmate, NS 4, April ® — Gilbert Trehou,

(the seventeen-year-old Passaic High

[Rehool student who was knocked out in

‘a seven round fight with Frank Keiser

in a field near Garfield last Tuesday night,

 

| died thie efterncon in the Passaic General |

| Hospital He did not regain conscions-

|
Curtiss was declared ineompeten: |

and white |
,ahe has got faversble deesious mm the |

 

W YORK. SATURDAY,

  

'HID STOLEN GEMS IN WOODS

 

THIKK ALDS IN: RECOVERY OF
| WARS. RUGHERPS DIAMONDS.
Fire Oeneceaied Under Stene Near the
Palisades in New Jersey, (nether Be
weath @arpet ef New Yerk Metet,
Twe Were in Kast Siac Jewelry Stores
Five of Mra Frederick H. Bugher's
diamonda were found yesterday after-
noon under a stone in a pateh of Jersey

 

woods where they had nestled for a week.| An alarm of fire was turned in, but the | im the college building by

One was under a corner of the carpet
in a bedroom in the Hotel Lincoln, at
Broadway and Fifty-second street Two
more were picked up in jewelry shops
in Avenue A

The man who stole them, Clarence
Howlett, clias Frank Wilson, alias Oliver
Roeves and alias several other perfectly
good names, who was arrested in Balti-
more on Thursday with $15,000 worth
of Mre Bugher's jewels in his pocket,
showed the detectives where to find the
remainder of the atones that made up
Mrs ®ugher's necklace when he was
brought here vesterday

Weeden and Burlingame, Washington
| detectives, escorted the crook to New
York and turned him over to Collina,
Murphy and Boyle of the ‘‘entral Office
They tucked Mr Howlett Wilson Reeves
into an automobile and told him = the
chauffeur was waiting for instructions
The thief had sent on word from Balti-
more that he would lead the way to the
rest of Mrs Bughers property He
was quite chipper and gay, was Howlett,
and jested from time to ume

The auto buarved northward to the Fort
Lee ferry, was boated across the nver
and landed eventually on the Palisades
road) After a three mile spin north along
the road Howtett motioned to the chauf-
feur to turn aside into a bumpy little
woods trail It was such bad going that
the detetcives, who had lunched well,
climbed heavily om and footed it the rest
of the way to Howlett’s cache

Howlett wasn't quite sure at firet where
he had hidden the batch of stones. He
fussed around in a chump of trees, turn-
ing over firet one flat rock and then an-
other, until finally ne struck the stone that
covered his sylvan sate deposi box
Detective Collins took the diamonds out
of the hole. Thev were wrapped in a hand-

ee eee ee”

_— eS Cee Ce

kerebief, the corners of whieh were
knotted togecher The crook laughed
merrily

“it you dont mind, gentlemen we
will light out for Broadway,” sani be
*Firet stop, Hotel Lincoln, northweear
corner Kroadway anal Fifty -eeecomd
street ~

un the way down town he explained
that be had stopped at the Lincoim on
Aprik i and 2 disguised in a red wig and
red mustache It made him look so much
older that he passed old frends in the
came ine of bummea and they nad a
ttle notran Who he was that one of them
tread to frisk hum for tue wateh With
}hom when be was at the Lincoln war a
| \freen-vear-old bow named Pant Bragy
iwhe tepped the Washington police that
Hewlett
stealing Mre Baghber # jewel»

Howlett led the detectives to the fourth
floor of the hotel and to room 23
watked etrauht (o the corner of the room
knelt, moped the tacks [rom a corer
of the carpet and held up a three and a
thalf carat dramond that had once been
part of Mrs Bugher’s necklace the
detectives wanted to know if other see
toms of the carpet needed lifting, but
Howlett said no He sand that * Avenue A
} would be the next pomt of call

Kunming down town, the thief
jhe had langhed hemeelf sore while hicing
um New York at the way he fooled the
‘polhee whe were looking for hum He
used to walk slowly by polroemen, looking
them straight in the eve. Then he would
jhurry away to laugh Mesers Colline,
Murphy and Bovle were not excessively
aniseed

S Warshowick propretor of the jeweiry
shop at ® Avenue A waa surprised to
aee Howlett and the detectives After
jeombing over hee memory he recalled
‘that he had bought from Howletr for
$10 a tiarmond worth eo He produced
watched it enter Collins's vest

| Howlett seemed to lose hue bearing a

bit. He sad he was tired He couldn't)
remember where the e:nghth and last
stone had been disposed of The auto

| had got up to Thirty-fourth atreet be-
| fore he remembered that he had left ut
for a consideration with ©  Breeda
who has a jewelry shop at @ Avenue A
Breeda handed over the stone and that
completed the roundup of the diamonds
First Deputy Police Commissioner
Frederick H Bugher was notified im-
mediately that hm wife's valuables had
been recovered I'ew' tt was locked
up for the night. He will be taken te
Washington to-day by Weedon and Bur-
lingame a ee
HATPINS POR STRIKERS

Wemen Get OF Car and With Medern
Feminine Weapen Put Them to Flight.

While two strike brenkers, Peter Car-
}mino of 216 Mulberry street, Manhattan,

 

 

 

| peew
Row

was the man they Wanted f "|

news after the knockout blow except for|and Michael Damato, who lives at 132
‘@ few seconds yesterday afternoon, when | Flizabeth street, were on their way to the
he opened his eves and asked for water | Havemever sugar refinery in Williame-
| Keiser has pot been «cen in Garfield | burg yesterday they were attacked at
since early on Wednesday morning, when | North Seeond street and Kent avenue by
| he left his home in Palisade avenue § = The oo, Polish strikers with clubs and
| police and Connty Detective Manvelt of | in a Greenpoint car that came along
| Hackensack, who was assigned to the! were Mra. Jeanette 8. Kaplan, the e ot
lease by Prosecutor Wright, have been! Dr Alexander S Kaplan of @ Mev-
unable to get any trace of him euth street, Manhattan, and Miss Ethe)

; 7 | Weimsberg of 76 Seventh etreet. They
Twenty-one men and boys have been! ow the attack on the strike breakers
arrestad in connection with the figh!. and atiahted from the car to ta their

including the referee, the four seconds assistance The Poles tu om them
and two timekeepers The others were and there was 4 scrap ail around. The

spectators All have been released under Women were grtting the worst of the en-

: counter when they pulled out their hat-

$0) hail each as witnesses = it in believed | pine and gave each of the strikers several
that these who served as officials and jane in their faces The strikers

| have been admitted to bail will be rear- Carmine and Dameto were badly out

‘rested on A more serious charge about the head, face and shoulders and

Trehou's parents feel very bitter againat the women were also bleeding from slight

’ _ : agen wounds All went to the Kastern District

a umber of prominent Carfield men who) Hospital for treatment

stood by and allowed the boys to fight - —
Dr Robert Armstrong, county tll tek Reese. et te stump fer Beveridge

of Passaic county, to-night) iynraxaponte, April #
ormed an autopsy on the bedy of | : 18,
that death used | Roosevelt lands in New York he will be
rehou and found eath was ca sited by a committee of Indiana Re-

! rupt blood vessel t v
taal ers hlew 7 oe publicans, who will ask him to make a

canvase of Inciana for Senator ey
| Thie has been decided upon by the >
| publican leaders. who believe Roosevelt
jou oblige

 

650 to Callifernta and Pacific Coast
via West Snore @ RR. SH via N Y Central datly
w April 4. Phone 4310 Madison. ifr

foe atte aan

pow

eo .

When Colonel |

ait =

APRIL 9, 1910.—copyrion. i910, in ite ao Printing end Publishing Association,

rox ror vse |COULBGR GIRL DIES OF BURKS

 

Metoreyete Explodes as She
Rides Inside a Steel Glebe.
The andience at the Alhambra Theatre,
| Seventh avenne and 126th street, bad a
| scare last night just before the moving |
| pictures were shown. Mrs. Agnes Wadl-4
| eld of Newark was riding a motorcycle |
around the inside of a big steel globe.
The motorcycle collapsed while she wan |
| going about forty-five miles an hour
' ‘The gasolene tank of the machine ¢1-
| ploded Seausing a email blaze to flare up.
For a minute it looked as though there
might be a real fire or at least a panic.

engines were not needed. The blaze
was extinguished quickly aod the curtain
was rung down Mrs. Hadfield was not
(badly hurt

| Several women in the audieace fainted
The ushers quieted the others, assuring
| sone that there was no danger. Accord-
ing to a dootor who attended her, Mra.
Hacifield will continne her act to-day

 

 

MORE SUGAR FRAT DS.

Grand Jury in New Grieans tuvestigating)
} Alleged ( anderweighing

New Onteans, April 5--Assistant At-}
torney-General W. T. Deunison vadn't
been in New Orleans an boar this moraing
before he had issued belf a dozen Grand
Jury subpoenas for Federal officials envi
sugar men in the investigation inte
alleged fraudulent underweighing of
sugar in thie port by agents of the sugar
trust

Government afta who have been
investigating the methods of weighing
import sugar have, it is understood,
gathered evidence to show that there was
organized underweighing of imports
| An authority deemed reliable has de-
| claredd that the underweighing here war
| more extensive in proportion than in
New York.

 

 

-

SILENCE AND SEPARATION.

Court Asked te Decide if Former ts a
Ground fer an Official Parting.

Mra Teese H. Kriegsman of the Hotel
Ansonia has brought suit for a separation
from Samuel Kriegeman, a shirtwasst
manufacturer.in which she alleges that he
has pursued a course of “retined brutal-
ity” toward her which has made life
unbearable with him She asked Supreme
Court Justice Blanchard yesterday for
$10,000 a year alimony and %,000 counsel
fee pending the trial She said her hus-
Land makes $25,000 a year She declares
that her husband wouldn't speak to her
for days at a time.and when he did ad-
dress her he used terme of irony, abuse
and contempt that were “wearing aWay
her heart *

Through his counsel Kriegsman told
the Court that if hie wife could get a
decree of separation Lecause he criticised
her bat and wouldn't speak to some of
her friends marriage in this State i a
farce Me said that the trouble with
his wife was that she was a poor girl
when he married her and wae not aeo-
costomed to the life she lived after her
marriage She didn't seem to be able to
get money enough, be said. Kriegeman
objected to paying bis wife any alimony
becuse be says he im giving her all the
money now that she needs and is main-
[taming her better than when they lved
jtogether at the Hotel Majestic up te last
Odette her

The Court reserved decuton

wesT FIGHT ATONE.

 

 

 

a a OC

i Buikiing Trades Falls to Suppert Striking
Sieamiiters.

The confident betief of the atriking
| stearmfit ters that the United Board of
Bumness Agents of the Building Trades
| whieh met yesterday at Brady's Hal! |
lisa Fast Fifty-seventh street, would)
lauthorze the starting of avmpathetic |

I thetr support proved to be without foun-
dation
President Thomas Meehan of the board
said after its meeting that | took no ac
iton whatever regarding the strike of the
steamfitters The question of the strike
was amply d scussed
The strhers were great 'v disapponted
when they heard that the board had not
acted on the request for sympathetic
strikes Bominess Agent Fdward Meade
of the steamfitters said last evening
“I do not understand it) The decmon
at the meeting on Monday mght of repre.
sentatives of all the umons was that «ym-
pathetic stokes were to be authorized
j by the board to-day and we sent a list
lof burldines to he struck, one or two ata
time until the employers came to terms ~

'

 

 

 

| prvorcke ror NEW VORA TRIP. |

| sae Morgan ¢ refton Wins Decree Against
Mis Bunawas Wife. |

spretal Cuble Despatch to Tam StS
fonpes, April The Probate and
Thivorce Court granted a divorce to-day |
to Sir Morgan George Croftor. Kart . from
bis wife, beeause of allegations of her
| misconduct at the Hotel Gotham in New
York with James Montag, known also
as “Lord Montagu” and as James Walter |
Douglas. |
last September Lady Crofton, a beau-
tiful young woman of 75 years. eloped
with Montagu to New Vork. Her husband |

 

 

 

 

 

could not induce her, according to the!
testimony, to give up Montagu, hut in
order to avoid a scandal all returned on |
the same vessel

The petitioner «ntd that on
| over he used every inducement
his wife to return to him. but

 

the way
to get
without |

success, and when she reached home | ¢audulent mining shares, against whom |

she again eloped with Montagu

The suit was not defended by lady.
Croftes. The case aromsed the greatest!
altention in New Vork at the time

 

'
;

 

| WON'T SIGN DIGGERS RILI.

| «severner of Marsiend Refuses te 4onet
' the Fiftcenth Amendanent

| ANwAPOLIN, Md. April ® Gor. Croth-!

ere will veto the Digages bill passed by |

| the Democratic majority in the Leguw
lature whieh sought to deny negroes)
the right to vote

In a statement to-meht the Democratic
Executive sid such «a law was imprac-
veal and could not be carried out with-
out causing injury to theState. It would

‘also affect the status of the te

in the Southern States and might jeopar-

a SS aoe a

Governor will sign t constitu.

‘ tional qmonaniins to be submitted in |
November, 1911. This lets in every white
man and only such negroes as possess

| $699 worth of property on which they paid

| taxes two yeare prior to the time they
applied for registration

u

 

ROBE CAUGHT FIRE FROM LIViD
FLAMES IN GHOST DANOE.

 

nN.

 

Satunpar, APRrh 8, 1910.

Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow:

     

‘SF FOR

 

Her Father Mas a 6600,000 Wedding
GM fer Her.

Migs Majorie Gould, whe wt warry
Aathony Drexel, Jr., of Philadelphia this

| mar
|
j

'

MABRJORIF GOULD,

to moderate northwesteriy winds,
becoming variable.

PRICE TWO CBNTS
THOMAS F. WALSH I$ DBAD

MADE MILLIONS IN MINING-
WAS KING LBOPOLMS PARTNER.

  
 

 

Miss Lastgarion, a Freshman at Adetphi, | Month, isto reveiveaa a wedding gif¥trom | Born in an irish Peagant’s Hat, He Beaght

Peured Aleshe! en Vieme Exple-

Susan Scott Lustgarten of Elmberst,
L. 1, a freshman at Adelphi College,
Brooklyn, wes # badly burned last night
the explosion
of a bottle of alcohol that ehe died

daughter of W.E. Cook, a lawyer] at

| her father a house valued at more than
| $s0acoo. It is at is Fifth avenne and

have just Gnished building the house.
Ut is o. © stories tall, absolutely fireproof

and of the Baglish basenent wpa, and

with the house adjoining at 1014 fs the

 

tite Way Up and Mept tho Meaay Be
Made—A Picmcer tn Cslerade—e-
menus for Ratertatements tu Maren.

Wasutworom, April *—Themas F
Walek. the Colorado mine cwner, died
at himhome bere at 11:36 o’vleck to-night
| He had bees fil for more than afz month»
with heart touable that followed an
attack of pneamonia.
McLean, and Bédwaerd Mokean were at bio

154 Nassau street, Manhattan, and Ger-| ACID FLINS IN A CLASSROOM || bedside when the end came

trude Betach of 11 Second street, Rrook-
lya, also freshmen, were vadiy burned
about the hands and arms in trying to
save Miss Lustgarien. Miss Lustgarten
was taken to the Brooklyn City Hospital.
The two other girls were treated at the
college and taken to their bores.

A society of freshmen in the college
which calls iteelf the * Black Hand” Society
was giving a sheet apd pillowcase party
to the jusiors in a study room on the first
floer of @e college building «ut Lafayette
avenve and St. James place. Ai! the giris
were wrapped in sheets or were dressed
in white, and all wore pilloweages over
their heads or other white maaks. In
the centre of the room was a table on
which was burning a large pan of sult
saturated with alcohol

The girle were doing what they termed
a “ghost dance” around this flaming pan
of aloohol and salt. The flames died down
and Miss l.ustgarten started to replenish
them with alcohol from a bottle. She
poured a bit of the fluid into the pan and
then there was an explosion.

The burning fluid covered Mise Lust.
garten, and her clothes biazed up. Mine
Cook was the near@st to her, and she
grabbed her and tried to put out the fire
with her bare hands. Miss Betach, whe
io Mies Ioastgarten's chum the girls call
the two the “Heavenly Twins” ran to
save her friend The other girls fled in
panic down the corridors

The janitor of the building, John Ewen,
heard the screams of the young women
and ran in with a fire extinguisher. te
tore the little clothing which had not been
burned frow, Miss Luestgarten and wrapped
her in rugs and then went to the assistance
of the other girt*

Meanwhile another group of young
women freshmen were having a party
in another room down the corridor.
They ran toward the room from which
came the screams, and thie added to the
panic. Upstairs on the fifth floor a

number of young male students were re- |

hearsing a play. They ran down the
stairs and helped the janitor put out the
last of the Liare and then asemtet in quet-
ing the frightened girls

The president of the college. Chartes |

H. Livermore. at the time was entertaining
the facuity at his home, 6 Clifton place,
which ia near to the college Some of
the white robed girls ran to Mr. Liver-
more’s house and told him what was
happening at the college. He and the
other members of the faculty burned
over and assisted the young women

A fire alarm was sent in, but there was

nothing for the firemen to do when they le favorable decision by the Board of |

arrived

Miss Lustgarten was 19 yeare old. The
two other young women who were burned
are of the same age

ONE WAN: TWO J0RS.

4 ommissioner Fendies terearths a (ase
fer the Mayer.

Commissioner of Accounts Fosdick.

 

 

acting under instructions sent to him by por WRS. HARRIWAN'S HORSES.
aaa | Stnkes of the other building trades in| the Mayor, bas for the last few days been |

investigating complainta which been re-
ceived at the City Hall regarding men

who are working for the city under names |

other than theirown. Mr. Foadick found

Ithree cases, The men were laborers

who had impersonated others. One case
was unearthed by Mr. Fosdick of a man
who seemed to be receiving two salaries
from the city

Mr
the Mayor that in April, 198. a man
named Wilham Poole passed a civil service
examination for a place as cleaner in the
Dock Department and received an ap-
pointment He was afterward trans-

ferred to a job as laborer, but from what |

Mr. Fosdick has been able to gather a
man named Faward J. Lawless imper-
sonated Poole in the Dock Department
and also drew a second salary under his
own name

Mr. Fosdick says

it # apparent from our examination that |

lawless drew pay for two men, to wit, Will
iam Voole, whose name he assumed,
himself |awiess. alias Poole. disappeared
on the day that an attempt! was made to
solbpaena him, and under the plea of sick

news has not since reported to the depart

men? it appears that, under the name
of William Poote, Lawless worked as a night
watchman in the yard of the Dock Depart.
ment at Iwenty-fourth street and the Kast
Kiver During the dar he worked under
be own pame es « laborer at the Dock
Department vard at Gowanus (anal. It le
evident that the functions of night watch-

and other relatives followed her. They |man were vot such as fo make this feat) oo, in thin State

 

Fosdick explained in a report to!

and |

 

Caretess Gtudent Bere Damage After a

their clothes. i
face was protected by his hand. so that
was not burned.

Abou: half the students had their
clothes ruined in addition to having their

| TAFT BEATS SHERMAN AT GOLF.

 

Beth Ge er the Chevy Chase Course in |

Wasurworon, April &-—-President Taft
and Vice-President Sherman played the
first game of executive golf of the season
over the Chevy Chase course late this
afternoon. Both were in good form.
but the President beat his opponent one
hole. Both players made the round in
leas than 100.

There wasn't any gallery to watch the
chatinguishe! go'fers because few persons
in Washington knew about the match
until it was well under way

DIES IN VAIN FOR COMPANTON.

Swims Bark te Help Exhausted Wan and
ls Drowned.

GReenwien, Conn., April § —James
McCabe, aged 77, of South Norwalk, a
foreman of the New York Telephone
Company,and Harry Powell, aged %4, of
Hoboken, an employee of the company,
were drowned to-qav in Rockwood lake

The men had been numbering tele-
phone poles and were returning ac ruse
| the lake in a cance, which upset.
| MeCabe became ethausted and Powell
went back to him After « few minutes
| Powell bad to give up the struggle to save

his companion, who went down. He swam
,a short distance and went down also

CHINESE NOT CUNDESIRABLES.

|Manttia Judge @rders Offictale Not
Depert Three Ven.

} Special Cable Despatch to Tur Son

| Mantra, April 8 —In accordance with

 

 

 

 

 

Immigration Judge Crosefield has ordered

the release of three of the Chinese who |

| were arrested on their return here after
being deported to Amoy as undesirables
and has issued an injunction fortidding
the Governor-General and the Manila
| police to again deport them

| The case of the three other Chinese
held for the same reason i still pending

 

‘

 

| Heapital and Het Water in the New Static
at Arden.

Mirpptrtown, N. ¥. April &- Mre
Mary W. Harriman, widow of FE. H. Har-
riman, is having built the largest stable
in thie section of the State on her estate
at Arden The stable will measure 191
feet in length and 151 feet in width The
| approach to the front entrance is through
an open court 9) feet square

For the accommodation of the horses
there will be thirteen straight stalls nine
and a half feet long and sfx feet wide,
and twenty-one box stalle ten by ten feet
The stable will be fireproof It will be
lighted by electricity and contain a hot
and cold water system and gther con-
| veniences, including a workshop, a garage
and a hospital accommodating #ix horses

STANTED KETCHEL ARRESTED.

| Fighter Was Driving Jute on Whienh Was
Ne License Number.

Stanley Ketehel, the middleweight
| champion prizefighter, was arrested last

 

‘night while driving his automohile to the |

fights at the Harlem Casine. Wilken Miz-
(ner of @ Weat Thirty fourth «treet was
with Ketche! At Broadway and Sixty-
eixth street Policeman Finneran noticed
that there was no licensee number on the
car He took Ketchel to the Weet Sixty.
evghth atreet police station
| The fighter explained that he had been
| using a California license until he secured
Romehow or other it
| got lost. Mizner found a piece of card-

Mr. Walsh was taken ill in the lattor
part of January. When he had partly

 

tions devoleped there and he was taken
| to San Antonio, Tex, in the hope that the
| climate there would helphim. Dr Finney.
@ specialist in lung end heart troubier, of

him.
When it was found that Mr. Waleh was
wot improving in Texas he was brought

first street. Before he arrived here he
had had a large sun room built on the roof
of the ine similar te the solarium which
Edward'H. Harriman had erected on his
Fifth avenue residence a little while be
fore he died. Since he return to Wash-
ington Mr. Walsh had lived most of the
time in thie room
His condition took a turn for the worse
;@ day or so ago and other specialists
were summoned from Johns Hopkins
University Hospital Four physicians
from that hospital, Dre Finney, Rarker,
Mitchel! and Guthrie, and a fifth physi-
cian. Dr Wainwright of this city, had
been at the mine owner's bedside prac-
tically all day
Mr Walsh moved to Washington in
1999 and hie home here is one of the show
places of the capital “Clonmel,” his es-
tate in Colorado, just outmde of Denver.
is one of the finest country places in
America. It belonged to the late Senator
Wolcott and was known then as Wol-
huret Last fall when President Taft
was on his Western trip Mr Walsh enter-
tained him and most of the important
businesrs mon of Dnever at his country
place and President Taft rechristened it
“Clonmel” in honor of the birthplace of
Mr Walsh in Ireland
Mr. Walsh's wealth has been variousiy
estimated at from $10,000,000 to $49,000,009
His daughter married Kdward McLean.
a son of John R. McLean, the publisher.
Mr. Walsh was a friend of the late
Leopold of Belgium and at the time
the King's death was one of the few men
in this country to come forward with a
statement in his behalf. The present
King of Belgium only recently presented
to Mr Walsh's little grandson a solid gold
cradle
Mr. Walsh was an extensive entertainer
both here and in Denver He was talked
of at one time as a candidate for Senator
| from Colorado

From Tipperary in [reland and from
budding ion Worcester, Maas.
Tom Walsh, to whom the short form
of bus name stuck affectionately and
without offence all hie hfe, passed before
he was fifty veare old to great weelth
and to somal succes From a Tipperary
jcahin to Beaulieu, the residence of Cor-
‘nefius Vandertyit, Jr. at Newport, and
jto partnership with @ Furepean king ie
something of a march, but Walsh made
;it and made frends all the wav alon +.”
| At the time of his formation of hue frend-
| ship with Leopold of the Belcans and
ihe later leasing of Beauties tus daily
ineome Was estimated at $40) and he
readg cash at above 80.00)000) Of al
the men who made great haula in the
thonanza mines of Colorado he was the
only one who held on to ail he ever got
fount the days of profit wielding. and
even when he was living at ease on hue
nonev he declined to sell any part of he
though $35,000,000 was said to
ave been offered tim, remarking that
he liked to own what he owned all by
lhomaelf He did however, sell the Camp
'Kird mone, according to report, to an
1} ngleh evneticate for $6,000 000
He was born in 1851 apd took his chances
with an Inieh peasants nouseful of chil-
dren until he was 1*, when umes were
bad at home and he started to see what
he conld do in America. Ireh laborers
were flocking to this country, and to the
Irish immigrants the employers were
jlooking for reeruite. An Irish foreman
| hunting fora gang to work in the treaebes
of a new sewer syatem which Worcester
| was just then putting in was the first
man to notice Walsh when he landed,
jand he offered the young man a jor
| Walsh hadn't handled the shovel long whea

| sewer

it
} ‘
| property

the began to take sub-contracts for hir-

j metf and made a little money

| Four vears later. in 1®73, he went West,
| fired by ¢ uater's report of Black Hille
| gold, and made $100,000 in time to skip
| to Leadville um 1878 on the flood tide of
| Leadville’s prosperity. He opened there

imporsible

CUSED WOMAN 4° SUICIDE. | board, painted the number on it and after | the Grand Central Hotel, and it was the
putting up $100 beil tied the improvised | liveliest of all the lively places of that

Wis Meerr, Aiteged Wining Steck Swin- | license number on the rear of the machine | roaring neighborhood, where the ad-

 

 

der, leaps Before Train

Maxominee, Mich , April ® — Mies Jennie
Moore, alleged to have been « dealer in

actions had been brought in many places
in upper Michigan leaped before a
tran at Marinette at Ko clock this evening
and was instantly killed

Her operations are alleged
totalled 5.000 She promised
cent reteurna in eis month.
Privener, Tryma te Keen.

fe Wied

San Freancteco, April &

to have
1 per

 

Wilitars
George G

to the Aleatraz Island prieon. was shut
and killed on the traneport dock here
to-day Suddenly Collimes made a dash
down the deck with a ball dove armed
guards near Several rifles cracked after
a command “Halt!” had been disregarded
and Collins staggered and fell dead

Hat the Safety Hatpin.

Kaneas Cry, April $.-Here it is at,

last

eves.

tented «a that

safety

| ‘Then he emt Ketchel wont on their way.
| The gave bis address as the Wuod-
| lawn nn, where he is training

W4X LESLIE INDICTED AGAIN.

Pittsherg Grand Jury New Accuses Mim
of Bribery.

Prrresrno, April *-Max @

detinanent ‘ax collector of Allegheny

county and a prominent politician, was

| indieted to-day asa briber Leslie was re-

 

leently acquitted of a charge of perjury |

‘om the evidence of @ Gravesend beok-
maker, but he haw since een indicted on

/ Collins. « military prisoner on bis way several charges leadinc up to the one

to-day

In addition (o he Les'e indictmeot the
Grand Jury announced that t har found
thai two wel known business men, W
— and Samel Heppenstali had

ie for the vacation of

' ffome ctrest, but thet they are saved by
the atatute of _ ation.

The Grand Jury to-day recom
that the District Attorney take steps to
collect 6 per cent. interest on ail city

tones—interest to date from the
depoa.*s were fi receiveti unt:!
city shall be able remove all de-
| powts from these canls

°

Leste, |

venturous of every sort were hastening
by stageloads and where a new railroad
twas rushed through by day and night
| work to take care of the booming business
i It was «aid of Walsh while he was 4
| Leadville hotel keeper that he never
seemed to be “on the make,” but inetead
+ just hustled about his own business with
a quiet air and a emile for every one = it
was even said many years later that th.
word “hustler” in ite slang senee wae tn-
, vented to it bir
| Waleh himeeif said whem be was war:
‘and comfortable in the wealth mad» is
| the cold mountains of Colorad» that hn»
| nad always worked with a purpose, evon
jin every move be made in the mining
‘eommtry. Ase hotel keeper he made him-
| matt the friend of the miners and pros-
pectars. if one hacdn't the cash to pay his
reckasing Waleh told him to come ogain +
band pay up anether time. if one of thom
waa short or broke and wanted t» go on
prospecting Walsh etaked kim on ths
jepeculation of a ehare in his discoveries

'

- a safety hat pin; no more gouged deposits nuw in the six suepected city is way he got claims or shares in

A boy of 18, Moad Lamarr. has = = .
pa’ catch covers
_the sharp end of the pim with an orna- | the
; meant dhat adds to the hat's appearance.

lmany a property, and some of tho.
lt may Bave been about this time that