THRURGDAY, May 11, 1911.
Fair to-day; showers to-morrow;
moderate southerly winds.

  
    
 

 
  
 

~ VOLe LXXVIIL—KO, 253.
MAYOR CONTENT JUST TO LIVE!

VOT SURE HE'S FIT TO, TAKING
CRITICS' WORD FOR IT.

 

 

 

1911. —Copvriont, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.
'
\

A BRONX TAMMANY KICK! ®On*t® sriexs ro rae von. |

{ Special Cable Despatch to ‘Tue Soy. LEADERS THREATEN TO QUIT IF

FROM NICARAGUA. | LONDON, May 10.—King George's second: THEY CAN'T HAVE A COUNTY.
court was equal in brilliancy to the first. |

' Mrs. Whitelaw Reid appeared in a gown
| Phe tsthmus Hears He Installed Adolfo) .¢ gray satin embroidered with diamonds |

Diaz Before Going AWay— All Comes | with a train of gray brocaded velvet,which
of His Trouble With Gen. Mena, Who | was also embroidered with diamonde.

May Be Made President ndbehiyhabad > oe ¢ ae of diamonds and a!
rofusion of je j

PRICE TWO CENTS.

  
 

            

 

paramount thing, but to offices like olerks

paramount thing. butt offens nie cores BSTRADA QUITS HIS OFFICE

“Take the chief sanitary officer in thia
town. He had been fixed in office by my t EK
predecessor—no, I won't say that. I don't. ane a aw
want to be personal. But he had got '
» | into office and he didn’t get it competi- |
Hates to Be Shot tn the Back, but Has | tively. '

Learned to Put His Head Down and! “There's a man who can seal up your
Rutt Right On—Jest at the Expense a be and interfere with business and
Some Unnamed Supreme Court Judges a ‘Stole, ie, vce Gat oe oer
Mavor Gaynor, who appeare rarely as|put the Judges on the competitive list!
an after dinner speeker nowadays, obliged ieeaae ee wouldn't bea good thing
the Civil Service Reform Association last | or ante oO poaragde is nbd San on
night at the Hotel Savoy, He scolded his | speaking in jest now. (Laughter.| 1|
hosts for wanting too much, intimated |jook xo solemn that lots of people never |

| LADY DECTES IS PRESENTED |
| Many Other Americans ‘at King George's |

 

Jeers Him as He Marches Home |
With Police Escort.

The striking machinists of the E. W.

Bliss Projectile Works at Fifty-third

| street and First avenue, Brooklyn, hooted

ADVANCE TO ATTACK,
MADERISTS’ PLAN =}
j a
‘
‘ istrict Lead. | louder than ever at Harry Gorrie last
TON Oe ee ee ee ee night. Gorrie is the lone union machinist |

ers Have a Solemn Talk With Murphy i 4
They Want a Sheri, a County: The refused to quit his joh wien te March Southward to- Meet
Rabago Is to Begin

Clerk and Other Homé Comforts. | he can't afford to quit.
To-morrow.

 

 

 

 

 

 

When Gorrie left the factory last night
he was met by the regular squad of

. : 3 mounted, foot and bicycle policemen.
| %0 France; Miss Martha Bacon, Miss yesterday afternoon and told Charles |The mob that hung around was the biggest

eee Draper, daughter of the Am- |, Murphy that they were going to quit! yet. As Gorrie walked the strikers called
bassador to Italy; Mrs. Oscar Tasigi and iqr pe didn't withdraw his opposition to, him names, but they didn’t throw any-

'
Spectat Cable Despatch to THe Sux. + Mrs. Reid presented Mre. Bacon, the! Four of Tammany’'s six leaders in The
Coon, May 10.--Definite information | wits of the United States Ambassador | Bronx went down to Fourteenth strect
reached here to-day that Juan J, Estrada,

President of Nicaragua, has resigned the
Presidency and rumors aay he is a fugitive

‘

 

 

i

 

 

/ that St. Clair MeKelway doesn't alwaye|think I try to be funny sometimes. (Re- | Vainly seeking to escape fron his own Mies Nora Jasigi of Boston and Mise Janet | oy. Bronx county bill. They gave him|thing at him, and Gorrie looked straight Ke
ry y { Alexander of New York. ’ head, ‘puffed calmly at his pipe and blew He |
jo|| the truth, praised the moving picture |newed laughter and applauso, led by | country, Mrs. Bacon appeared in white satin andj heir resignations from the executive a Gini of ome te apcke ie oe |
chows, calling them “the theatres of the a una aed eke What I want to get Despite the trouble which has been | duchesse lace over 4 eilver tissue train, {committee and it is said that they told one and ducked when the photographers | af
poor peopse"; poked criticiam at associates "*T tall you people thas eaany atone ehen impending news that the revolutionary | Mrs. lasigi wore cloth of gold over|/him that Lonis F. HaiYen would resign | tried to snapshot him. Surface cars were i

in office (names not given) and let it be] you say get al the oihoee we can % the | Htader and newly named President ac-; satin bordered with Indian embroidery, | or had resigned from the State committee. | held up while Gorrie paseed. People of Mexico City Anxious by
known that he was going to rule the city | competitive list.’ You ought to ‘get {tually had quit came as a bolt from a} With a white and gold brocade train.) vie Murphy refused to accept the| Upon reaching his house at 511 Fifty- :

p uu ought to say ‘get t ;

d

if

vy

it

on lines he had mapped out no matter
how much he waa attacked

all the places there that ought to be
there.’”

clear sky. The proclamation announcing
the governinental change was issued at

Her orpamenis were diamonds.
Mies lasigi’s costume was nile green

resignations and used a considerable |
amount of persuasion on the refractory

third street Gorrie ran up the steps and
slammed the door in the face of the crowd.

—U. S. Won't Close El

 

tuile silver tissue cloth over a silver train He says he'll stay on the job just as long Paso Custom House. i:
Fdward M. Shepard, who was the Wiateer tote oe ae bi new) Granada, capital of the depart ment of loaught up with bunches of lilies. four. He told them to come back on | 4, ton physically able. 4
toastmaster, presented the Mayor to} eq ciyit eaviee vote tm Gah ‘carunaen, Granada and for many years noted as} Miss Draper wore white crepe embreid-) Monday and see how they felt about it. . soitnneitsasbeataativicne)

perhaps 150 members of the association
and the women’s auxiliary. Mr. Shepard
recalled the days when little but hostility
and cynicism were levelled at the re-
formers. Looking backward was suffi-
cient, he thought, to make everybody
interested in the cause take heart for the
future. Leading up to the Mayor, he said:

“Some of us wondered what would
happen if the election should go as it did
go. We have found, though, that the
Mayor is a believer in and an upholder of
civil service reform.”

“As you see,” said the Mayor, clearing

his throat, “I can say only a fow worde |!

and I sha:l have to confine myself to that
1 suppose some of you, as Mr. Shopard
says, thought that if I became Mayor
civil service reform and a lot of other
things would goto the dogs. [V.augbtor.]
1 don't know why you should have thought
that. I have been on the job for a long
time with thet and other municipal re-
forms. St. Clair McKelway ia here to-
night and if he is in a mood to speak the
truth—which isn't always the case with
him—he will tell you some of the things
1 have accomplished

“However, I don't deserve much of
what good is asid about ma. None of
us deserve much good said about us.
There are some men who think they are
too good to marry a woman. Thst isn't
As a matter of fact most men are
not good enough for the first woman
they may meet in the street. Some of
ua are not fit even to live, according
to our critics. I have felt that wav
myself in the past sixty days, since I
have been reading the newspap-re. And
now I am contented just to be alive.
i don't mind being shot in front, pro-
vided they don't ‘try to shoot me in the
back.”

The Mayor turned then to a mention
of the spails system. The maxim, “To

£0

The Mayor said he had been up in the
new watershe: trying to see if it would
be possible to get water down here before
@ famine etruck town and that he didn't
know there had been criticiams

“If there were complaints,” said he,
“why didn't you send a man up to me to
tell me about them? When there are
doubtful cases why don't you come to
me instead of standing off at long range
and shooting at the Mayor?”

DIFFER ABOUT CRIME WAVE.

Committee of Grand Jurore Will Be
Ready to Report To-day.

The committee of seven selected by
the Grand Jury that inquired into police
conditions to examine the records com-
piled by Assistant District Attorney Mose
and hi- aides will moet to-day. Its meet-
ing will be followed by a moeting of the
Gtend Jury, and it is expected that the
report of the committee will be in shape
to present tothe Grand Jury. The Grand
Jury will spend the greater part of its
time to-day in inquiring into the condition
of factory buildings in the ojty and prob-
ably will not have time to adopt any reso-
lutions founded on the report of the police
committee.

In handing its report to the Grand
Jury the committee will transfer what-
ever differences it may have had to that
body. All through its inquiry witnesses
who heave been called before the Grand
Jury have reported that there seemed
to be two opinions in that body and that
one perty did not think that they had
any unusual a-ray of facts or any facts
that called for criticism of any depart-
ment.

When the commiitee was. chosen
after all the witnesses, about 1,000 in num-
ber, had been called the foreman, May-
nad Holliste-, and the secreta-y were
ex officio members. Tho five others,
it was said, were chosen eo as to balance
as equally as possible the representation
of the two perties. There have been
{wo meetings of the committees. Fach

ee

 

one of the chief revolutionary centres of ered silver chiffon with a silver tissue | phey told him that the bill comes up |WOMAN FINED FOR SPEEDING.

the turbulent Central American State.

nated by Estrada as his successor.
The resignation came as a resuit of the

olagh with Gen. Luis Mena, Minister of
The trouble |

War in the Estrada Cabinet.
has been brewing for monthe.

confirmation.
Several times it was asserted that Ke«-

trada had imprisoned Mena and once he

was said to have preferred forma!

charges against him. Whether Mena was

‘actually incarcerated seeins doubtful, but

the imprisonment threat caused a how!
which reverberated throughout Central
America.

I is said President Fstrada last night
attempted to embark upon a steamer at
Corinto. He is quoted as saying thet
the United States most certainly would
not be his destination. Gen. Moncado,
Minister of the Interior, accompanied his
chief,

There seems little doubt that Mena is
slated for the presidency. Already the
constituent assembly of Granada is pre-
paring to question the legality of Diaz's
holding office. Wires to Managua are
said to have been cut.

Whether or not a revolution is impend-
ing can only be guessed. Opinion here
was that the change of government would
be peaceful. Another problem is tho
American loan. Several days since the
national Assembly gave Estrada authority
to contract a loan of many millions, the
mogey to be used to fund the country's
international and foreign debts, build
railroads and establish a gold standard.
The Joan was to be guaranteed by pledg-
ing half the custome dues.

When he won the recent revolution
Estrada for a while was the idol of his
people. He is said to retain his popu-
larity with the masses, but the politicians

Various
reports of violent clashes between the

 

jtrain and carried whiie orchids
Miss Alexander's costume was of white

{with a chiffon train caught up with clus-
_ tara of white lilacs. lier ornaments were
(pearls and she carried a bouquet of lilies.

Other Americans were Lady Decies,
‘who Wore white satin covered nei em-
| broidered with diamonds and pearls
lwith a bordered fringe of erystals.

diamonds, ‘The gown had

(dress train bordered with ermine, A

! diamond tiara and a magnificent diamond to say,
| Recktace completed the costume of the! separately

little Gould girl.”
Lady Cheylesmore wore a gold brocade

'
‘green tunic with a chiffon gold em-

} broidered train, Her jewels were emeralds
jand diamonds,

| TALK OF CONGRESS RECESS.

| Senate Side of the Caplio! Would Like to
} Have It From July 1 to September t.

WasHtnaTton, May 10.- There has been
some talk on the Senate side of the Capitol
of arranging for a recese of Congress
from July 1 until September 1. In this
way the solons would escape the broiling
period in the capital. Such a plan in-
volves the passage of the Canadian
reciprocity bill through the Senate and
probably one or two other measures,
such as the resolution providing for a
constitutional amendment for the dtrect
| election of Senators
| Democratic leaders in the House who
thave been approached on the subject
have shown a disposition to rebel against
any such programme that does not include
an agreement for a vote in the Senate on
their free list bill.

Nothing seems more certain in the
Senate than that this fres list bill will
slumber peacefully in the Senate Com-
mittce on Finance. The reason given for
having Congress return in September
will be to give the Democrats an early
start in the work of revising the tariff

 

 

| before boih houses in Albany next Tues: |
Vice-President Adolfo Diav wae desig- | taeta embroidered with silver and pearls }4ay and that they wanted to know what }

|

| Michael J. Garvin and William E. Morris, |,
| who represent the big districts of The

The | Bronx, were the four callers on Mr.
Executive and his adviser seemed to Hick | front of the corsage Was encrusted with |Murphy. T. H. O'Neill and N. W. 8.!
a wedding | Fraser were the two who did not call.

its fate was going to be before then. They
also ieft their resignations with him.

Arthur Hy Murphy, Kugene J. McGuire, !

 

 

The leader listened to what they had
Fach of them had been there

before and had told Mr.

Murphy that the people of The Bron,

were stirred up and wanted a chonce |
to vote on whether or not they were to
be a county. Letiing them vote on it

is all the bill provides for. The four
leaders told Mr. Murphy that their use-

fulness to the organization and to their
districts would be past if the billis killed,

as they had good reason to believe it

would be if he didn't change his attitude

toward it.

The conference with Mr. Murphy lasted
a good while and he was the first to leave.
He came out without a smile on his face
and presently the four followed.

They jumped into an automobile and
went up to Hunter's Island Inn and spent |
the afternoon together. With them were
a few of their intimates who had been
helping them in feeling the pulse of their
borough. The party came down to 149th
street and Third avenue and held another
powwow in the café rnn by Billy Gibson,
Gene McGuire's right hand man. It}
lasted until well into the evening and the
air was considerably charged.

Arthur Murphy explained last night
that the people of The Bronx had let him
know emphatically that they wanted a
chance to vote on the county question.

He said that the population of the borough | Von Richthofen shvets Sporting Man

was 450,000 last vear, and that now it had
grown to more than 500,000 and he couldn't |
see why they shouldn't have the same
county rights as those enjoyed by little

 

Miss Madeline Castle of 440 Riverside
Drive Laughingly Pays @8.

Miss Madeline Castle of 44 Riverside
Drive was fined $5 by Magistrate Koster
inthe Weat Side court yesterday for over-
peeding her automobile along Broadway
north of Fiftieth street on Tuesday night.
Policeman Winter of Traffic C sald she
was doing better than twenty miles an
hour. She laughingly admitted that
she was trying to keep the car behind
from bumping into her.

 

FIRE NEAR BELLEVUE.

 

Nurses Driven Out of Training School by
smoke -Excited Dogs.

A fire starting on the ground floor of a

five story building at 418-115 Rast Twenty-
fifth sireet occupied by two firms of
cabinet makers caused a lot of excitement
in Bellevue Hospital, one block north, yes-
terday afternoon. The fire was restricted
to the one building and did about $20,000
worth of damage before it was put out.

The first,“second, fourth and fifth floors
of the building were occupied by J. Caro
& Sons, the third floor by Kasi &
Meltzer. Tenants in the feighboring
houses were ordered out by Capt. Bur-
feind and they took possession of the
municipal lodging house at the corner.
Smoke hovered over the Nurses Training
School on Twenty-sixth street and soon
emptied it. The dog hospital of the
Cornell Medical School is directly in the
rear of the cabinet manufactory and the
animals in there scented danger and added
to the general excitement with yow!ls that
could be heard for a block.

 

FATAL GERMAN DUEL.

 

After Berlin Restaurant Quarre!.
special Cable Despatch to BRE SUN
Beruixn, May 10 —Lieut. Baron

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

von
Richthofen, a son of the ex-Minister,

Ex. Paso, May 10.—Equipped now with
heavy field guns and a plentiful supply
of ammunition the insurrectos are pre-
pared to begin an aggressive campaign,
believing that their armament is fully
equal to that of the Federal command of
Gen. Rabago, now en route from Obi-
huahua. On Friday Gen. Orozco will
take the man portion of his command
south to meet Rabago and stop his march
to Juarez.

It has been learned by the insurreato
commanders \that Rabago was at Seus
on Saturday and the purpoee is to meet
him about half way between that point
and Juarez and engage him in battle.

It is recognized by the inaurrecto chiefs
that the only way in which Juarez or any
other city can te held is by preventing
the opposing forces from getting to it,
and to effect this it will be necessary to
do the real defending away fromthe city
by going out to meet the enemy.

This movement south has heen
definitely decided upon, it is authori-
tatively stated, and it will be made on
Friday.

Francisco I. Madero, Jr, gave out the
following statement at 6 o'clock this
evening:

“The taking of Juarez ia of great mi!i-
tary and political importance for tho
revolution and assures our complete
triumph in ashort time. The forces which
defended the town fought valiantly. Thev
owe their defeat to the fact that our forces
were inapired in the fight by the spirit
to win political liberty, while the Federal
soldiers were in the ranks by yoke of
discipline. The majority are in the army
against their will.

“For this reason I wish to announce to
@l the soldiers that I will set them free as
soon as I can find a way which will assure

: : them some means of employment. Those

t to halongs the la.” we me ; have found much fault with his admin- 1 9 q ‘ ?

se dee ic RE NAS Bee a was bar- | meeting lested nea-ly three hours. Vis- istration. (generally and for the other extensive| Richmond Queens: Supreme Court | killed a prominent sportsman named | who do not wish to incorporate themere!ves

ah 7 4 aor : ae trict Attorney Whitman himeelf dropped — plans they have made for investigations Justice John J, Brady was the only Bronx | Gaffron in a duel with pistols here to-day. | in our forces at present [cannot set free,
suppore tit! you inen anc omen

think you have got rid of all that,” he
went on. “I don't want tocometoo close
to home, but I'm afraid it isn't true. I
don't want to exalt myself over the heads
of some departments where the civil
service law is ignored, but I do say that
in the sixteen departments I control not
one person has been discharged for a po-
litieal reason not even for being a
Hearstite--although I may say that I

had justifiable cause to bounce (as the | gs156

phrase goes) some of them even if I should |
have had to go to court and say that I
did it without considering their compe-
tency.”

“Tam glad to see Mr. Creelman here,
continued the Mayor, smiling at James
Creelman, whom he appointed the other
day to a $6,000 job as head of the municipal
civil service board. “Lots of people
wrote letters to me about that appoint-
ment. One of those letters I may have
to make public. The writer wanted to
know why it was that I didn't give allthe
offices to newspaper editors and writers.
He asked me why I didn’t fire all my heads
of departments and give their places to
the pressmen. He said if I would do that
the ins would fight with the outs and the
euts would attack the ins and it would
be a case of dog eat dog in the city.

“| suppose the editors and writers out
of office would attack those in as hard
as they pitch into me. But I have always
noticed thatwhen. “astrving to do some-
thing | knew was rignt that was the time
| was getting the most abuse. So I just
put my head down and kept on doing it.
And I think 1 will keep on doing that
while I am in office. [Laughter.}

“1 don't want to step on anybody's
toes, but I think that societies like this
are apt through zeal to overdo things.
i say now, as I said to Mr. Shepard when
they wouldn't have him for Senator,
‘The best work for good Government is
always done by people who aren't in
office,’ but I do say that there are in-
stances of going too far.”

Persons are put on the competitive list
wno ought not be put there. People
come to the Mayor—I would not say to
hia Comptroller—(laughter], andask that
this man or that be put on the competi-
tive list when it ought not be done.”

The Mayor desoribed the trouble he
had had getting the bureau of weights
and measures into working order. The
cnief was a civil service incumbent and

i of the Mayor's power,6o he had to

eal to the State Board for help. He
¥°' \t and named a man to take charge.

I had always been deeply interested

‘he subject of weights and measures,”

continued, “I had read much about
‘len in the Old Testament and had pur-
the subject clear up to the report
(uney Adams made in 1821, @ re-
which exhausted the subject. So

| got the man | wanted I turned
1 all the literature T had ac-

Safed and we went to work, There
oo honest weight or measure

fin New York city und most shame-

}
: 5
ul the Government was letting with {he fesianation as one atep in the for the purchase of works of art for the HSE hirer pat ag DR aed ey 4 Rhelby for the Priideniial tite Insurance | firet mortgage real estate bonda of the ond en finite hae been learned con- |
eer a ini eae recovery of his health, which has teen } collections Ete ae ! re Company and Justice of the Peace, Terre. Marine Compeny were produced Nothing de f Ssaen® ta tha aaaee
o this p yt by thres mearsure- poor during the winter national collection morning the wt tke loaders under sentence — The men in the automobile were laugh-; by their counsel in the Hudson County cerning the expected “peace” in the
ww! vated the customary yar: eaten meres ate meee Ragar Vineent, who moved the resolu-|- José De La Campa, Britt Russell and ing and singing end seemed to pay no Court of Quarter Sessions, Jersey City, | of Guerrero, but reports that Figuera, the
stueed Pein glad to kay, hoW-! ge samen pat Kills a chug, Oh emphasized the increasing depletion | J. F. Rarelum will be sent to the chain attention to the crossing yesterday. ‘They were Wintleld E, Hina. rebel leader there, is about to attack }
: Hin measure wea aboliahod ras oS vam, ef private collections, mainly by pur-! gang at once to bogin their terms, ‘Vhe train hit the machine squarely and dale, president; Lawrence R, Kerr, treas- Cuernavaca and later to march towerd }
vention of the Treasury De- ‘Viney 7 henck, the three-year-old ohasea made by Americana, He quoted, ian addres tasved to-night the labor it was torsed forts feet. Hissong, Win- urer, and rank D. Ames All pleaded Mexico oity are oMboially denied. It is
caved to the matter daughter of Charles Schenck, a florist at) exports ay saying that the value ef pie- jaudera aay raat the sirike Will be con. noeck and Kell were killed instantly Ras nt f tlie - nbd arava’ released in $8,000) known that the rebels who control Guer- J
! have got the man | wanted 556 West 4th etreet, was killed yester- tayes sent to America from Great Britain tmued until che men under sentence ave terline was badly cut and died in they o a. hail hy eels ; rere are not mating further efforts. The
mpetitive lime? Not one chance day afternoon by a flower pot that fell jaon year was beiween $8,000,000 and! pardoned or got a newtrial, The Goneral heapiiat surety bail be (aina are running to Cuernavaca, but no
ed JT don't think tho civil sor. cee tee Widnes tn We ceariineet Ges BO eit Tabor Assembly is in session tonight, pws RVEK-FLOWING WINE BOLILE 10 RESTORE VITALITY, ‘ase Horsiords ° LLARD'S VANILL CHOCOLATE _
pover meant toapp.y toufless near the comer of Ameterdam avenue GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER aod it i# eaid that all the labor Unione eet ee aid eer de Ae a ate pouring Spring and Sunimer, tor etine# cooking of ae a deucious bonbon
reien and judgment are the and 150th srreet | bOc. per Case of 6 glass stoppered boilies.—Aus, | in the oily will goon a sympathetioatrike, —avgs ? - ; ; ay, SS * ! no peer. We don't knew ite equal.—Adr.

in ct one of the meetings. At all of them
Mr. Moas, Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Battle
have been present.

All of the meetings are said to nave been
more or less stormy, and at one of them
the following remarks were made bv a
representative of the District Attorney's
office: “Gentlemen, you are the men
who sign the report which this Grand
Jury will make and you ave the men
who will bea: the odium if any odium
hes to that report. The report does
not directly reflect the opinions or find-
ings of this office, but it does directly
reflect the opinions or findings of the
Grend Jury.”

It is said that the cemmittee's report
will be such that if it is accepted by the
Grand Jury the latter's presentment will
be a presentment of opinion and not
@ presentment of facts.

 

OSBORNE MAY RESIGN.

Beport That the Forest, Fish and Game
Comnissioner Will Retire.

ALRany, May 10.—A report was in cir-
culation about the Capitol to-day that
Thomas Mott Osborne, Forest, Fish and
Game Commissioner, who has been ill
for three weeks at his home in Auburn,
intended shortly to resign his office. It
was said that Mr. Osborne had been urged
to take this course by his physician.
None of Mr. Osborne's friends cared to
discuss the report, and at the Executive
Chamber it was impossible to get any
official confirmation of it.

Gov. Dix when asked regarding the
reported resignation of Mr. Osborne
said that he had received nothing from
the Commissigner. It is understood that
Commissioner Osborne had en engage-
ment to meet Gov. Dis in Albany on
Monday last, but that the engagement
was cancelled by the Commissioner, who
telegraphed that his physician advised
that he was too ill to make the journey
here. It is reported that Commissioner
Osborne is suffering from a nervous
breakdown. The Commissioner ie under-
stood to have expressed to friends a wish
to retire if he could not carry out his
policies as he desired. Mr. Osborne was
enthusiastic for the candidacy of Edward
@. Shepard for United State#Senator, and
when the fight ended in a way which he
had not anticipated he was much disap-
pointed.

AUBURN, May 10.--Rumors emanating
from Albany this afternoon that Forest,
Fish and Game Comminsioner Thomas

| M. Osborne was to resign were called to
| Commissioner Oshorne’s attention at hia
| home to-night and he declined to make
; any comment. He has heen
jto his bed for nearly three weeks with
jan attack of grip and overwork and
; the rumors of his intended resignation
| gained credence among his friends
is admitted that his physicians nave
| deleared that his resignarion would he
very advisable; in fact, that they insist
upon his immediate cessation of work,

confined |

 

GRAVE FEARS FOR THE POPE, \and legislation.

Up to this time there has been nothing

Symptoms of Dectine Alarm His Phystetans | like a conclusion on the plan for a two

Hts Heart Feeble.
Special Coble Despatch to THER SUN
Lonpon, May 11.~The Rome corre-
spondent of the London Daily News in-
forms his paper that there is grave anxiety
expressed over the condition of the Pope.
It is said that he displays symptoms of

months recess. It has been simply dis-
cussed informally and is being favorably
received everywhere except among the
House Democratic leaders.

SAFETY FROM FIRE.

arterial degeneration, a feeble heart and | Croker Tells the Aldermen No Ballding

rapidly failing powers of resistance.
His gout has been much more frequent
within the last three months, but the

With Wood Floors Is Fireproof,

Before the Aldermen's committee which
is considering amendments to the build-

physicians are now most concerned ahout ! ing code ex-Chief Edward F. Croker had

hie heart.

something to say yesterday about fire

Either Dr. Pettazi or Dr. Marchiafava | escapes.

is always with him and his three sisters
are in constant attendance

 

OPENS GUATEMALA'S JAILS.

President Cabrera’se Absolute Amnesty
Has Made Him a Hero,

New Orvrans, La., May 10.—Mail
advices received here to-day from Guate-
mala say that President Eetrada Cabrera
has taken the most sweeping veform step
in the history of Central American politics.

On Mey 1 the Guatemalan Executive
issued a decree of general amnesty. The
decree affects all politica! exiles and sun-
pects and further includes men charged
with crimes and misdemeanors It goes
so far that even untried criminals are
promised in advance a commutation of
sentence in the event of conviction.

In cases of grave crimes commutation
will apply only upon certificates of good
behavior issued by the prison officials.

The decree is said to have made Cabrera,
at all times regarded as one of the wiliest
of Latin-American executives, a popular
idol. In the capital a public f4te accom-
panied by fireworks and a street parade
and other demonstrations marked tho
signing of the ‘order of amnesty.

President Cabrera was the guest of
honor at a brilliant banquet, where
he was toasted as the friend of freedom
and the man who had opened a new era
in his native land. Already political
refugees in nearby States are said to be
returning to Guatemala and large num-
bere have been released from jails.

Among the latter, it is stated, are many
men againet whose names there is no
record of any charge whatever and some
who have been imprisoned so long their
friends have given them up for dead.

 

EXPORT TAX ON PAINTINGS.
English Proposal to Raise Maney for
Nation to Buy the Pictures.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
Lonpon, May 10.—The National Art
'Collections Fund at its annual meeting

‘to-day adopted a proposel urging the

 

't! Government to fix a 10 per cent. export |

duty on all works of art,

It is estimated that the echeme would
produce a revenue of from £100,000 to
£200,000 a year, which should be available

 

“There are a large number of so-called
fire escapes in this town,” said he, “that
are absolutely of no use to women and
children in a time of a panic. The only
efficient kind of an escape is the fire tower,
independent of the building entirely.

“There has been some doubt expressed
here.” Croker continued, “about whether
wooden floors laid over fireproofing will

man that had been elected to any office
of note recently,and the North Side Board
of Trade and just about every organiza-
tion of consequence in The Bronx were
making it plain that they were sick of
the present situation. He said that
Leader Murphy had been very pleasant
and they hoped things would be all right.

Murphy is the man who ran on the
Democratic ticket for Borough President
against Cyrus (. Miller, the Fusianist,
and Louis F. Haffen} who was on an
Independent ticket.

They were very sure up in The Bronx
last night that Haffen had sent in his
résignation from the Democratic State
committee, but you couldn't prove it by
Haffen.

He said nothing about resigning when
he saw John A. Mason at Albany on Tues-
day.

MRS. SHEFFIELDGETS DIVORCE.

 

Court Frees Her From Man With Whom
She Eloped.
New Haven, May 10,--A decree of di-

burn. I can tell you that wooden floors | yorce was granted yesterday in the Nor-

in the so-called fireproof buildings cer-| wich Superior Court by Judge Ralph

tainly do burn. So do the floor poste.
No woed should be used in the construc-
tion of these buildings.”

Ernest Flagg said that in Europe the
Joss by fire was only one-sixth of building
construction, whereas in this country it
was nearly one-half. In Europe they
made their walls thicker and used less
wood. If the cost of fireproof construc-
tion were reduced 6 per cent. and that
of inflammable construction increased 5
per cent. Mr. Flagg thought that there
would be vegy little demand for the in-
flammable type.

There were present representatives of
the Central Federated Union, the Central
Labor Council of Brooklyn, the Bronx
Labor Council, the United Hebrew Trades,
the Women's Trade Union League and
the Building Trades Council. The labor
people were very insistent on having
proper fire drills in factories.

 

STRIKE AGAINST COURT ORDER.
Tampa Cigarmatkers Quit Because of
Sentence Against Their Fellows.

Tampa, Fla., May 10.--Resenting the
action of Judge Wall of the Circuit Court
in affirming tho sentence of one year's
imprisonment imposed on tho leaders
in the recent strike here the cigarmakers
of West Tampa and Ybor City went on
etrike this afternoon,

 

|

 

Wheeler to Katherine Sanford Sheffield
of New London from George Sheffield
of New York,

The grounds were statutory and evi-
dence was submitted that the offences
were committed in Boston on February
10, 11 and 12 of the present year.

The plaintiff is the daughter of the late
Prof, Sam Sanford of Yale. She inherited
half her father's estate, estimated to be
worth about $8,000,000, the other half
going to her brother, Henry, of Bridge-
port.

Mrs. Sheffield was first married to
Victor Thorne, Yale, '94, just after he was
graduated, and his best man was George
Shefficid. A year and a half after the
marriage Mrs, Thorne eloped with Shef-
field. Thorne got a divorce and Mrs,
Thorne became the wife of Sheffield,
They resided for several years at New
London, Of recent years Mr, Sheffield
has been living in New York, his wife
remaining at their New London home.

The custody of the two children, Mar
Stuart Shefleld and Joseph Earle Shef.
fleld, ia given to the mother, After the
son is 14 years old his father is to take
charge of his education, The father can
see the children five times a year in periods
of two weeks each. The girl cannot re-
main in New York at any time more than
forty-eight hours. Neither is to be taken
out of the country,

 

 

TRAIN HITS AUTO, KILLING 4,

 

It was agreed that each should fire
Gaffron fell

three shots at fifteen paces
at the first shot

The duel was the result of a quarrel in

a restaurant

BUENA VISTA BURNED.

Valuable Art Works Lost in Fire Which

Destroyed Mrs. Halley's Home.

Yonkers, N. Y., May 10.- Buena Vista,
the home of Mrs. J. M. Bailey on Hud-
son Terraee, overlooking the Hudson
River, was guited to-day by fire. The
loss was estimated at $50,000. Paintings,
antiques, furniture and Persian ruge
worth $50,000 were saved, but numerous
other valuables were burned

Congressman John E. Andrus, whose
house is across the street; Campbell Scott,
superintendent of the Otis elevator works,
and Louis Spreckels, superintendent. of
the Federal Sugar Refinery, helped the
firemen, police and high school students
carry out valuables. Six firemen were
temporarily overcome by smoke.

The late Royal G. Vilas, former Post-
master-Genera! and United States
Senator, buiit the house. He sold it to
the late Norton P. Otis, former Congreas-
man and one of the founders of the Otis
Elevator Company, who occupied it for
years. Subsequently it was the horne
of Col. Beecher, son of the Rev. Henry
Ward Beecher. Mrs. Bailey, who re-
cently purchased it, moved here from
her town home in New York only a week
ago. The house was one of the show
places of the city. I was of brick, two
and a half stories high.

 

GARDEN ON A FERRY BOAT.

Two Little Plots to Be Planted by Chile
dren Who Want to Get Well,

A flower garden is being laid out on the
Department of Health ferryboat Middle-
town, now docked at the foot of Eust
Sixty-firat street, under the direction of
the New York city branch of the National
Flower and Fyuit Guild, Twenty = or
thirty children who have incipient tuber-
culosis live on the boat, which is under
the charge of the Committee for the
Prevention of Tuberculosis, of which
Mrs, J. Borden Harriman is chairman,

The children have permanent homes
on the boat, and the Flower and Fruit
Guild, of which Mra, John Wood Stewart
is president, ia undertaking the garden
on the presumption that the care of it
will be healthful and pleasant for the

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  

as they have no means of sustenance. Aas
far as I can observe now the majority of
them will augment my forces. Some of
the officera may enter my army if they
wish, and the others who wish to remain
loyal to the government of Porfirio Diaz
will be exchanged for political and mili-
tary prisoners.”

Gen. Pascual Orozco, the hero of Juares
and the military commander of the insyr-
recto forces in northern Mexico, said te
a reporter late this afternoon:

“| was sure of taking Juarez. In the
first place we had the best men, and
although we had few more than the Fed-
erals the quality more than made up
forit. It is very difficult to defend Juaresa
properly and the Federal! fortifications in
the streets were nothing. We had mo
than 1,000 men in the attack. There were
300 in Bauche who were not used and
many were in our camp who were not
called out. Blanco’s forces were used
late in the day and the 800 under Villa
returned to camp early in the fight and
did not figure at lt in the general attack.”

PEACE WITH DIAZ OUT.

deonbesadin
Inevitable Result of Surrender of Juarez
as Mexico City Sees it,
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sun.

Mexico C1ty, May 10.—While the For-
eign Office this afternoon refused to make
a statement regarding the fall of Juares
it is considered here by well informed
persons, and it seems to be the general
opinion of the public, that Navarro’s sur-
render clears the situation and peace is
bound to follow immediately.

As the rebels make the resignation of
President Diaz the main condition of
Peace it follows that this will be an-
nounced shortly.

The Minister of War was interviewed
this morning regarding the report that
the Government would attempt to retake
Juarez. He said that Gen. Rabago was
marching in haste from Chihuahua and
that other troops have been crdered
there. But he was unwilling to declare
definitely that an attack would be mado.

A meeting of the Cabinet waa called at
the palace of President Diaz at 1 o'clock
this afternoon. At 8 o'clock it had not
terminated.

At 7 o'clock official notice was sent to
the prees that Gen. Navarro was atill
holding Juarez, although extra news-
papers on the etreet at 5 o'clock told that
the city had been taken by the rebels.

Replying to inquirtes the officials said

‘that nothing was ready to give to the

Preceding the declaration pf the strike | Machine Carrying Merry Party Thrown | children, Two plots 12 feet by 12 are} prees at this time.

5,000 cigarmakers marched through the
streets singing the “Marsoillaice” and
carrying red flags.

To-night the streets are crowded with
excited strikers, and it is feared there
will le disorder, As a precaution the
potice force has heon doubled and the
Sheriff has sworn in meny depntios

Judge Wall, against whore decision
the strike is directed, teld the Sheriff

Vorty Feet by Locomotive, |
SHELBY, Ohio, May 10. Four men were |
killed early this morning when a Balti- |
more and Ohio train running across Main |
street hit an automobile, The dead men |
were James Hissons,, & saloon keeper, |
owner of the automobile; Samuel Win- .
nock, Hissong's bartender; J. J. Bell of |
Bucyrue, travelling salesman for a Bucy- |
rin brewery; Mack Esterline, agent at

planned, with perfect drainage pipes,
loam and sand and a top soil,

 

More Indictments in Terra Marine Come
pany Case,

Three more members of the executive
committee of the United Contractors Cor-
poration who were indicted with George
P. Stewart for conspiracy in connection
with the concern’s action in guaranteeing

Great excitement reigns in the city
at present, El Diario is issuing an extra
edition every half hour and the crowds
‘around the building are awaiting the
| latest news The feeling over the rebel
| victory generally is one of satisfaction,

\as it ie believed that it will help toward

early peace.
1 A high official
Diaz this morning

who saw President

says he looks worn