i

Sain

should resign from the boards of all but | when the fourth Pan-American con- | om the new board nail file and peir of scissors in the matter of ob made by | A

. t ase Three ¥ Ss / am Waldorf Ast ye wrt roe |

i threé companies—the Morton Trust, the| ference will be held there. The soout| Late yesterday afternoon Mayor Gay- = % .. fanine oid. on of Morse accompanied Warden Moyer Seat a ya we nh railway men to the in the Oe.
National Bank of Commerce and the) °ruiser Chester will be attached to the|nor sent this letter to Street Cleaning out into big corridor. They stood Te posed Administration bill that no

Re Pe Bs

Ne

<n ey

6.
*
%)
y

 

 

“VOL. LXXVIL—XO. 1

26.

RYAN TRUST COS, TAKEN OVER

GUARANTY GETS THE MORTON
AND THE FIFTH AVENUE.

/ Morgan Interests Bought Guaranty From
Harriman’s Estate and Will Combine
Two Ryan Companies Under It—Levi
P. Morten Chairman of Merger Ce.

The Morton Trust Company and the
Fifth Avenue Trust Company, large con-
cerns long controlled by Thomas F. Ryan,
will soon be merged with the Guaranty
Trust Company, Which was acquired a
month ago by a syndicate headed by J.

¢ P. Morgan & Co. The plan was practi-
cally perfected yesterday. The merger
company will be known as the Guaranty
Trust Company and will have a capital
of $5,000,000, which is equa! to the oom-
bined capital of the three companies that
*ill constitute it. The combined deposits
of the three companiés, according to a
recent statement, amount to $96,405,000,
second only to the $126,000,000 deposits
of the Farmers Loan and Trust Company
among all the trust companies of the
country.

Thorhas F. Ryan has long had his main
office at the Morton Trust Company and
been its vice-president. When more than
two years ago he announced his inten-
tion of curtailing his business activities
and gradually retiring he said that he

 

“9

/

Américan Tobacco Company. He has

resigned from more than thirty boards |

and yesterday's announcement was con-
etruéd as meaning that he is also making
effective a plan for retiring from those
banking institutions of which he remained
an officer.

Levi P. Morton, who has been president
of the Morton Trust Company since its
organization and for several years presi-
dent of the Fifth Avenue Trust Company,
will, however, retain office in the merger
company. It is long since the former
Minister to France, Vice-President and
Govérhor has been active in politics, but
in al] this time he has continued active
relations with the trust company which
bears his hame and which was organized
from his old banking house of Morton.
Bliss & Co. in 1889. Ih the panic Mr.
Morton was influential in eettling many
of the vexatious problema/of the time,
and though he is now in his eighty-sixth

_ year he is more vigorous mentally and
j physically than most men a score of

years younger, and may be eeen in his
offices in the Morton Trust Company on
most business days. He will be chairman
of the board of the merger institution.

The transaction also denotes another
potable expansion of the banking power
ef J. P. Morgan & Co. and bankers asso-
ated With : rely a month
ago this financial group acquired control
of the Guaranty Trust Company by pur-
chaee of the holdings of the E. H. Harri-

«man estate, thus seouring the most im-
portant trust company interest owned by
Mr. Harriman. A few days later there
was announced the transaction by which
Mr. Morgan purchaaed the stock control
of the Equitable Life Assurance Society
from Thomas F. Ryan and thus assured
to the same group the potential contro!
ef the Equitable Trust Company and
the Mercantile Trust Company and joint
stock control with the Mutual Life in the
National Bank of Commerce. Thus in a
month Mr. Morgan and his associates

-have taken over the principal trust
company interests of both Mr. Harriman
and presumably practically all of Mr.
Ryan's , :

The merger plan was announced late
yesterday afternoon by H. P. Davison of
J. P. Morgen & Co., who also appeared
officially in the purchases of the Guaranty
Trust Company and the Equitable Life.
Mr. Davison said:

“A plan has been proposed for a merger
cf these three companies. They will be
united under the name of the Guaranty
Trust Company. A special méeting of
each board was «held to-day and there

¥ was a quorum at each when the plan was

presented. The plan was unanimously
recommended by all of the directors
present.

“Levi P. Morton has consented to act
as chairman of the new board. Meetings
for each of the three boards have been
called for Wednesday next, and at that
time the resolutions covering the merger
Will be officially adopted. A special meet-
ing of the stockholders will be held some
lume within the next two weeks.”

Mr. Davison said that the terms of the
transfer of stocks would be made known
after the meetings on Wednesday. The
business of the Morton and Guaranty
Trust companies, which are now within
a block of each other on Nassau street,
will be carried on downtown, he added,
and the present office of the Fifth Avenue
Trust Company will- be retained as a

~branch of the merger company.

Other than the selection of Gov. Morton
as chairman of the board, Mr. Davison
refused to talk of the proposed officers
of the merger company. It is considered

r

J

certain, however, that he himself will be cts the general American press | for certification. , . RT. porpe
found on the board and executive com- andes "eae teak for better ite tone| Bridge Commissioner Martin will re- | @hibitions at Los Angeles. It was said| JUDGES OF CUSTOMS COURT. | 1044 omoers in rebelling against the ee tor rear mg
mittee. Though the youngest member | with regard to the administration of the | tain Deputy Commissioner John H. Little. | yesterday that should the injunction in- | president Will Nominate Marton De Vries, | long march on the first day of the new |#"¢ te other ome that

of J. P. Morgan & Co., he represents the | Congo under the late King of Belgium. Mr. Martin also stated that he would | “lude the exhibition feature it will be neo- ®. M. Barber and Wm. H. Hunt. : commerce law amended
firm and ite associates in most of the other | It is becoming every day plainer that | select as his successor as chief engineer | necwesary for Mr. Curties to appeal to! wasinaron, Jan. %—President Taft | One of the mutineers escaped from| lines proposed by a
trust companies controlled by them. He the agitation against Laepeld’s onan. of the department one of the members of the Court and ask the Judge to state the will send to the Senate to-morrow the| Fisher's Island this morning on a Gov- bill. “a

s chairman of the voting trustees of the | #0? had its origin In England amone Shts ,. | the present engineering staff amount of a bond of damages in order of the five Judges of the|¢rnment transport, but was soon rounded | The first message deal

f Guaranty Trust} Company and is chair-
man of the boards and executive eom-
mittees of the Bankers Trust Oompany
and the Astor Trust Company.

In addition to the holdings of Mr. Ryan

—_—
Se

A

) Whitney, Allan A. Ryan, Thomas F.
Ryan's eon, is one of the directors, as is
Harry Payne Whitney. It is believed
that the Equitable’s stock holdings in the
company will be closed out in the course
of the pending transaction, so that in two
ways the merger relieves the big insurance
companips of the obligation which the law
imposes to dispose of all their stock hold-
ings before January 1, 1912.

The Fifth Avenue Trust has ‘a capital
&f $1,000,000, surplus and undivided
profits of $1,920,000 and deposits of
$15,924,000. The Guaranty Trust Com-
pany'’s capital is §2,000,000, surplus and
undivided profits, $8,614,000 and deposits,

sent .The Morton Trust has $2,-

.000 capital, $8,200,000 surplus and
undivided profits and $98,112,000 deposits.
The capital of the three combined is
%5,000,000; surplus and undivided profits,
$18,734,000 and deposits, $06,000,000. The
merger is thus likely to produce a $100,000, -
000 trust company from the standpoint
of deposits. Stock of the companies has
latterly been quoted at bid prices as
follows: Guaranty, 900; Morton, 5390;
Fifth Avenue, 300. These ‘figures may
supply a basis for the terms of exchange
of stock. ;

SPECIAL SERVICE SQUADRON.

Four Armored Cruisers Ordered to Visit
Buenos Ayres Next Gummer.

WasHInGTor, Jan. 3.—At the request
of the State Department Secretary of
the Navy Meyer has ordered the forma-
tion of a special service squadron, con-
sisting of the armored cruisers Tennessee,
Washington, Montana and North Caro-
lina, to visit Buenos Ayres next summer

 

 

| squadron for the use of the Rear Admiral
in command, who has not been selected.
The Tennessee and the Washington
are now in the Orient, where the Pacific
fleet is cruising. The North Carolina,
the Montana and the Chester are on the
Atlentio coast. When the Tennessee
and the Washington return to the Pacifio
coast from the Orient they will be or-

dered from San Francisco around South |

America, probably to Rio Janeiro, to join
the Montana, North Carolina and Chester.

CONFESSES TO OLD MURDER.

Cenvict Assumes Crime for Which One
Died and Another Is in Prison,

PirrsseurG, Jan. 8.-—-Pitteburg became
excited to-day over a despatch from
Wheeling, W. Va., that said that Joseph
Vastello, a prisoner in the State prison
at Moundaville, had confessed that he
was the murderer of Contractor Samuel
Ferguson of Pittsburg, who was blown
to bits with dynamite near Washington,
Pa., September 26, 1903, and that he was
ready to suffer the penalty for his crime
when his sentence for burglary expires
tem menths hence.

Ferguson was carrying the payroll of
the Ferguson Contracting Company of
Pittsburg, of which he was the head, when
the’ wagon in which he fode with the
$3,600 was blown up while crossing @ smail
bridge on a lonely country road. The
murderer escaped with the money.

One nian has been hanged for the
murder end another is doing twenty
years in Riverside prison for complicity.

Chief of Police Thomas MoQuaide, who
prosecuted these men, long ago collected
the $6,000 reward which wae offered.

Vastello in bis confession sets forth
in detail how he found out that Ferguson
would carry the money, how he wired
the stone culvert in the road for the bat-
tery and laid the dynamite, &c.

MRS. ELLIS DIES OF BURNS.

Coroner to Look Into the New Year's Bve
Accident at Martin's.
Mrs. Charles KE. Ellis, who was badly
' burned at the Café Martin on New Year's
eve, died yesterday at the New York
Hospital.

Most of Mrs. Ellis’s family were with
her when she died. Her husband, Charles
E. Ellis of 210 Weat Fifty-sixth street; her
father, J. M. Taylor of Garden City, L. I.,
and her mother were at her bedside.

Mrs. Ellis wes born in New York about
twenty-five years ago. She was married
in Garden City when she was 21. Mr.
Ellis was much older. They lived on
South Mountain avenue, Montclair, N. J.,
until they came to New York last summer.

The Ellises had an interest in the Hotel
Frederick, at 210 West Fifty-sixth street,
When the lessee decided to quit they
took possession. Ellis was nominally the
proprietor, but when the property was
attached by the trustees in bankruptey
of the Kornit Company of New Jersey, of
which Ellis had been president, it was
proved in court that Mrs. Ellis was really
the proprietor of the hotel. She leaves
a daughter about 15 months old.

The body was left at the New York
Hospital over night, pending an investiga-
tion by Coroner Winterbottom.

 

 

 

DEFENDS KING LEOPOLD.

Archbishop Ireland Says Conge Atrecities
Were Imagined in Bogiand.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan, 8.—Archbishop John
Ireland of the Catholic archdiocese of
St. Paul to-day warmly defended | the
course of King Leopold and the Belgian
administration in the Congo. He said:
As time is allowed for calm considera-

 

 

 

cal achers and unscrupulous merchants.
The preachers were irritated that a Catholic
ruler should hold sway over such immense
territory, even though freedom of religious
action was there guaranteed to Protestant
as well as to Catholic missionaries.

The merchants knew so well the possl-

+*+NEW YOR

did not depart until after 7 o’clook,

  
   
   
  

————————

GAYNOR

10 TO 7 ARE HIS OFFICE HOURS,
WITH A MARGIN OVER.

 

Means te Keep It Up Too—Comptroiier
Starts Time Cards—O'Keeffe Deputy
Fire Commissioner—Two Judges Re-
appointed—-Football Street Cleaners.

Mayor Gaynor announced only three
new appointments yesterday. He made
Arthur J. O'Keeffe, who has been a mem-
ber of the Civil Service Commission and
who in the early part of the MoClellan ad-
ministration was a Deputy Police Com-
missioner, Deputy Fire Commissioner
in charge in Brooklyn. Mr. O'Keeffe is a
Democrat and a member of the Twelfth
Assembly Distriét Democratic Club of
Kings.

The Mayor also reappointed Justice
Howard J. Forker of the Court of Special
Seasionsa of Brooklyn and Police Magis-
trate Voorhees of Brooklyn, whose terms
expired on the last day of the year.

Mr. Gaynor had hoped to be able to
give out the names of his new Municipal
Civil Service Commission before he left
his office. Apparently he had made up
his mind early in the afternoon as to the
men he would appoint, but some hitoh
seems to have ooourred because before he
left for his home he announced that he
would not |e able to decide until to-day

Commissioner Edwards:

“My Dear COMMISSIONER: Take on a
| few more football players and maybe you
‘will do it better yet. Sincerely yours,

{ “W. J. Garnor, Mayor.”
' Mr. Edwards now has on his staff
| James J. Hogan, the Deputy Commie-
| comer for Manhattan; Brinton Buck-
walter, his secretary,and Harry Vaughn,
an inspector, all of whom earned fame as
football players on their college teams.
For the vacancies he intends to make
in the Tax Board, the Mayor will not be
able to begin considering candidates until
Wednesday or Thursday and perhaps
é@ven not by then. The tax books open
on Monday.

resignat

taken upon it by Mr. Gaynor.
practically announced that Commissioner
Butler, as well as Police Commissioner
Baker and Dr. Darlington, head of the
Health Department, would be held over,
but only temporarily.

Mr. Gaynor was not bothered much
yesterday by officeseekers. The few who
did call were for the most part not per-
mitted to see him and the time
callers was taken up
friends and officials with
to consult. He put
City Hali and when
it be known that he
government. He was at
before 10 o'clock in the

EE

according to doleful remarks
yesterday by some of the members of
staff he intends to continue these
hours for several weeks at least.
he hes got into touch with details
quit a little earlier, but until
lights in the Mayor's office will
shining, as they
long after sunset.

viz.
iebgie

=
5

=
am

were last nigh

Why, we are going to have several com-
missionerships.”

“Which are they?” the reporters asked
with surprise.

“Commissioners of Deeds,” he answered,
and bolted.

No appointments of importance were

MoAneny, Corpora-
tion Coungel Watson or City Chamber-
lain Hyde. All of them gave their time
to getting acquainted with the routine.
Mr, Hyde formally filed his bond of

$300,000. His securities are the People's:

Surety Company and the National Surety
Company. With Mr. Martin, the outgo-
ing Chamberlain, he was engaged through
out the day in examining the figures of
the auditors who have been checking
Mr. Martin’s accounts, and when this
work waa finished Mr. Hyde found that
he had in his care a cash balance of
' Deputy City Chamberlain Henry J.
Walsh is to be retained.

Comptroller has several
minor offices to fill. With his two deputies,
Mesars. Fisher and Mathewson, he was

yesterday in mapping out plans

for the conduct of his office. One inno-
vation he decided upon is the introduction
the time card system. Hereafter the
employees will be required to record on
ecards the time their — and
ours

a
z

K, TUESDAY, JANUARY

   

“| won the first round of what is to be a

 

4,

 

1910.— Copyright, 1910, by the Sun Printing and Publishing

 

PUTS IN A LONG DAY|*2*™ 4070 xosr avo rouw>. MORSE BRGINS PRISON LIFE

Somebody Got It While Her Chaaffeur
Was Bating a Sandwich.

Mrs. Edward R. Ladew's chauffeur
lost her automobile las: nighf.. Mrs.
Ladew is the widow of the leather manu-
facturer and lives at the Plaza. She
told Arthur Donovan, the chauffeur,
to be at the Plaza with her car, a green
limousine, last night at 8:30 ‘o'clock. He
came fifteen minutes late, but without the

BATHED, SHAVED, SHORN AND
TAGGED AS “NO. 24814.”

 

To-may He Will Be Photographed and
Vaccinated, Then He May Associate
With His Fellow Prisoners—-Meets
Chaptain, byt Without Great Pleasure.

Atuanta, Jan. 3.—Bathed. shaved,
shorn, clothed in convict garb and known
on the records as No. 2614, Charles W.
Morse ia passing his first night in the
United States penitentiary which is to be
hie home for fifteen years or 60 unless
friends can bring about Executive
clemency .

To Moree haa been assigned a temporary
dll. Toemorrow he will be mugged and
measured by the Bertillon expert L. J.
Fletcher, Then Dr. Fowler will ex-
amine hitm; he will be vaccinated and an
otoupation provided.

Moree bore up well under the ordeal! of
his arrival in Atlanta and his trip to the

car.

He told her that he hadn't had a chance
to get bis supper until late and that he
had stopped for a minute at a Sixth avenue
restaurant for a sandwich. He left the
car standiig at the curb. He was inside
only a short time, but when he came out
the car had disappeared. He walked to
the Plaza.

A car towed into the Belnord garage at
260 West Eighty-seventh streét with a
damaged hood and battered lamps at
midnight was identified as the Ladew car.
It was brought in by Martin Morrison, a
chauffeur employed by F, G. Burke of
336 West Eighty-ninth street.

He said that as he was driving west in
Fighty-ninth street a car had run into
him at West Endavenue. Four men were
in the other automobilé and as soon as
both cars were stopped by the collision
. Neither machine was
badly damaged. Donovan happened to
go into the Belnord garage as he was
making a round of the storage places and
he said positively that it was his em-
ployer’s car.

STRYCHNINE IN WIFE'S BopDY.

commitmen pers were examined and
sexted te Go gorwpct. After that he turned
over to the warden $218 in bills, some pri-
vate papers, a small pearl handled knife,

 

 

Morris Lustig, a waiter of 111 East
Fifteenth street, was locked up in Police
Headquarters last night charged with
homicide. On October 28, 1908, Rhoda
Lustig, Morrie’s wife, died, and one of
the physicians who attepded her during
her three days illness issued a certificate
to the effect that she died of cerebro-
spinal meningitir.

Before the burial, which took place in
Pa., some one notified the Coro-
ner’s office that Lustig had obtained some
strychnine a few days before his wife's
death. :

An investigation was held, but the
interment was allowed. The case was

talking in an undertone for a moment.
As Moree looked around at the slowly
he seemed nervous and he

ee teities haneh He was conducted
to the hia clothes were removed
shavéd and ke retains his mustache.
This will not be cut off until after he is

 

   
 

3
a

E

A

  

i
:
i
;

re
ull
Uh
ifs
: ies
yl
Fs

si
|
i
i

 

z
i

WRIGHT BROTHERS SCORE.

ee

dadge Hazel Grants Temporary Injanc-
tien Against Herring-Curtiss Company.

Burrato, Jan. 3.—The Wright brothers

i
{
gf
Hi

if

hard fought legal battle to-day when
Judge Hazel in the United States Circuit
Court granted their motion for a tem-
porary injunction restraining the Herring-
Curtiss Company and Glenn H. Curtiss
from selling, manufacturing and exhibit-
ing machines infringing on the patents
of the plaintiffs.

Judge Hazel considered the validity of
the patent under which the Wright ma-
chines are made, the indorsement of the
public in the fact that their machine is
practical and said that in his opinion
the machines of Herring-Curtiss in-
fringe upon the Wrights’ patent where the
equilibrium of the machine js maintained
by warping of the planes.

Judge Hazel went into a short history
of the Wrights in their aeroplane flights
in this country and abroad and their
records wherever such flights were made.
He saki that the medals given them by
Congress, France and societies in Europe
and this country were evidence of public
recognition of their claim to priority in
aerial navigation.

z

under the cirounistances.

*I hépe eo at any rate,” besaid. “This
can't be worse than where !'ve been for
the last fourteen months. They had me
in the Tombe, you know, and that's calou-
lated to test any man pretty ‘severely.
I had a good constitution when I went in
there or I never could have withstood
it. But this is not the end,” he continued.
“In fact, it is but the beginning. The
fight hae just started.”

Puring the drive from the depot to the

lost it wien the prison portals yawned.
he to realize that his case
desperate.

. E. Reid, the steamship man of Bos-
whoee loyalty to Morse has been re-
kable and whose time since last
has been devoted almost entirety
the convicted man's interests, was a
passenger on the train, having come down
ith his friend from New York.

Reid's whole attention was given
friend and directed toward saving
prisoner as much embarrassment as
ible as they were leaving the train.

nautio Society, who purchased a
for exhibition pur- %

ton,
epjoining of exhibitions. He said, how-/| mar
ever, it did not affect his machine, as the

suit is brought against the Herring-Cur-
tiss Company and the Aeronautic Society

i

4

Mr.
his

5

 

nominations

United States Customs Court, which was

created by the tariff law enacted at the
of Three of

 

WEAK FROM FORCIBLE FEEDING

 

Miss Alice Paol, Released American 6uf-
fragette, Is Coming Home.

ee ene reer lead

 

Fair with

Ase ciation.

 

D.°O. MILLS DEAD.

Bapker, Father-in-Law of Ambassador
Reid, Victim of Heart Disease.

San Francisco, Jan. 3.—D. O. Mills,
the banker, father-in-law of Ambassador
Reid, died suddenly at a late hour to-night
at his winter home at Millbrae in San
Mateo county, about twenty-five miles
south of San Francisco.

Death was due to angina pectoris and
was not expected.

NO BROOKLYN OPERA HOUSE.

 

Hammerstein Gives Up His Pian to Build
in Grant Square.

Oscar Hammerstein, it was announced
yesterday, has abandoned his purpose to
provide Brooklyn with a $1,250,000 opera
house to be built on the Grant Square
site he had purchased agd the plans for
which were filed with the Department of
Buildings two weeks ago.

Arthur Hammerstein, son and business
manager for the impresario, made this
statement in reference to the abandon-
ment of his father’s big Brooklyn project:

“Yos, it is true that my father has
given up the idea of building in Brooklyn.
He has made a careful study of the ocondi-

there and has come to the conclusion

t an enterprise of the kind he had in

view would not pay. The Grant Square

property, which he purchased as a site,
is for sale.”

ASTORS IN BUDGET FIGHT.

William Waldorf Murrying to Heip in His
Son's Parliamentary Fight.

left Borrento to-day for London with
the object of taking part in his son's
fight as the Tory candidate for member
of Parliament for Plymouth in the coming
general election.

POET'S OLD LOVE LETTERS.

Correspondence of Alfred de Musset With
Unknown Woman Opened in Paris.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE Sun.

Paris, Jan. 3.—Seventy-nine auto-
graph love letters of the poet Alfred
de Musset, which were deposited thirty
years ago with the National Library,
were opened to-day. They will be pub-
lished shortly.

The letters were given to the French
nation at the instance of Jules Troubat
by the woman to whom they were ad-
dreased on the promise that they would
not be printed until a certain time had
elapsed after her death. She is described
as Mile. X/and it has been stipulated
that her real name be kept secret.

The dates of the letters run from 1837

 

Towspar, Janvany 4, 1910. deen
cold wave to-day; fair and con-

tinued cold to-morrow; brisk north-
west to north winds.

re

to 1848. It is generally believed here‘

that the mysterious Mile. X. is a woman
with whom the poet lived in intimate
relations for eleven years and who mar-
ried his brother Paul after Alfred's
death. She carefully clipped or erased
from the letters all portions which might
betray her identity.

 

ESTRADA TAKES THE FIELD.

 

Advance on Managua Begun With Well
Equipped Army.
Special Cable Despatch to Tat Sun.
BLusrigtps, Jan. 3.—Gen. Estrada,
commanding the insurgent forces, hab
taken the field at the head of 3,500 men.
To-day he began the advance on Acoyapa,
where it ia expected the next battle will
be fought. Gens. Fornos Diaz, Matuty,
Chamorro and Mena are in command of
the various divisions of the advancing
. Mena leads the advance with a
force of 1,000 men, all well armed and
equipped.
It is expected that the insurgents will
reach Acoyapa in three days.

INCOME TAX AMENDMENT.

indications That It Will Meet With Oppe-
sition tn the Legisiature.

ALBANY, Jan. 3.—The indications to-

night were that the Federal Administra- | P8?Y

tion’s income tax proposition would meet
with decided opposition in the State
Legislature. Few of the members have
given the question anv thought, and
it undoubtedly will be made a party ques-
tion by caucus action when it comes
aquareiy in the Legislature. But it was
apparent to-night from talks had with
the most influential members of the
Legislature who usually guide its delib-
erations that they are opposed to New
York State indorsing the proposition.
There was much speculation whether
Gov. Hughes was going to take a position
on this matter in his annual message to
the Legislature.

WOULDN'T HIKE ON NEW YEAR'S.

Fort Wright Artilierymen Under Arrest
fer Disebeying Orders.

New Lonpon, Jan. 3.—Seventy-six of
the eighty-four members of Company
181, Coast Artillery, U. 8. A., stationed
at Fort H. G. Wright, Fisher's Island,
have been put under arrest for refusing
to take a fifteen mile hike around the
island on New Year's Day ordered by

Col, John °
it is alleged, followed

 

 

Rafferty
The mutineers,
the example of some of the non-commis-

—————

up by a provost guard and hustled back to
quarters.

All the other coast artillery companies
at the Fisher's Island fortifications and

,| also at Fort Trumbull in this city com-

plied with the hiking order, but Company

   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

SIKR, R. PRESIDENTS SEB TART

BUT FAIL TO CHANGE HIS POLICY a
REGARDING LEGISLATION, * 4

They Only Persusded Him to ’ M i

~ Amendment to the Interstate OGM.

 

merce Law Forbidding a
Acquire Steck in a Competing tond

Wasuroron, Jan. 3.—Although
day's ‘conference at the White
between President ‘Taft and the
of six great railway systems Was
productive of any change in the :
dent's policy of advocating
amendments to the interstate
law, the railway.men, while ;
plisappointed otherwise, went away
satisfactory knowledge that they MS
persuaded the President to modify #othe
of the views which he was prep Sw
urge on Congress. General peat
the President indicated that he intent
to adhere to the line of legislation het
mapped out. He showed, er,
did Attorney-Genera! Wickersi
he was ready to acknowledge the justien)
of the contentions made by the railway”
men and agreed to modify some of She
most important provisions of the
ure, which has been drawn
direction. |

An example of this judicial
the part of the President was |

9

ho

company should acquire stock tn
competing railroad company of.
stock in a competing railroad.
pointed out to the President
would tend to work great
minority stockholders of ire
stock was controlled by com
panies. An instance where such if
might result was cited in the one
New York Central and Hudson
Railroad Company and the West

Railroad Gompany. ‘a j

It was explained to the President

New York Central owneda
stock in the West Shore and that 1

the proposed provisions the \ uals
holding the minority stock of the Wed
Shore would be prevented from diapeuiz
of their stock holdings to the New 1%
Central, which was, it was asserted,

»

only prospective market. ae
The contention was made that if.
individual minority stockholders
West Shore could not eel) their
the New York Central it was doubt#
they could dispose of it at all, and to that”
extent their property interests re ’
sented in this stock would
materially. Seng

Again, it was held that if the b
of the Central in the West Shore
be sold in compliance with the. proposed:
law the individual minority othe
would be obliged to dispose of)
holdings at a sacrifice. ety =

President Taft and Atte c
Wickersham were impressed with
argument presented, and as &
they agreed to change the ‘
proposed bill, and the
tion said he would revise his ie

the change so a8 to pr

one railroad

ed

a
w

are
bad aa

=
bey *

conform to

course that in doing 80 it would not Gom
in conflict with the provisions of 1
Sherman anti-trust law forbiddir ¥
binations in restraint of trade. "

The bill will provide, however,
where one railroad’ company owns
minority interest in the stock of a ¢
peting company it shall not in
stock holdings in that competing

On the whole the conference was
tremely amicable and the President
visitors afterward that the railroad
dents were very considerate in pres ;
their objections. in addition to Pre lent
Taft and Attorney-General Wickersham ©
those present at the conferenés Were —
W. C. Brown, president of the New Yor
Central and Hudson River Railroad Ce
pany; Robert S. Lovett, president
Union Pacific Railroad Company
head of the Harriman railroad int ‘
James McCrea, = of the Pean-
sylvania Railroad Company; George | a
Baer, president of the Philadelphia and ~
Reading Railroad Company; Charles
Mellen, president of the New York,
Haven and Hartford Railroad Compan
and W. W. Finley, president of the
ern Railway. Lewis Cass Ledyard
present also in the capacity of ¢
for the railroad presidents. i a
Partiy on account of the delay” wale
would be caused by making the changs
promised the railroad men in his pasiel Mg
meseage and the draft of the state
commerce bill and for another reasow
President Taft decided to-day thht ie —
would divide his message into two sap:
tions, one dealing with the' subject | Y
anti-trust law and advocating ‘

a

oe

subject of the anti-trust law
advocate legislation permitting b

in Morton Trust stock a large block is lamored 181 has been angry since the fifteen mile have been explained in Washington
bilities of the Congo) that they clamio' he had been told to get ready to walk De S

held by the ¢ the late William C. aay, ge y tow Special Cable Despatch to TAB Sun, White of Michigan may be named | 131 i ches to Tus SuN. , The anti

Whitney, who merged the State Trust for exclusive ownetenip of & = plank. Lokpom, Jan. 3.—Miss Alico Paul of Yor one of these new judicial offices. march on Christmas Day. spat > anti-t

Company with it many years ago and was

English pride and ambition aiming at
sole ownership of the Dark Continent si-

According to gossip heard yesterday
the City Hall William Sussman is to

Philadelphia, the

American Mr. De Vries is president of the Board
who served a month in Holloway

of General Appraisers at New York. He

The outcome is awaited with interest
by military men here The general

 

one of the associa 5 : efficiently, abetted the efforts of | in
ion. Mesa ce ea ye angles woarivee oon of merohente, and #0 day by! be appointed a Tax Commissioner. Suse-|for militant methods, will sail on the | will be succéeded as a member of that| opinion is that the mutineers will have |*° Present tospects, and will
pany. According to the last report of | day the outcry became louder until an inno-| man organized the new Hungarian Demo- | American liner Haverford for Philadel-|poard by James Francis Smith of Cali- | to face court-martial and be punished. about 4,000 Lape i

* the Mutual Life Insurance Company that | cent public, even in America, began to give | cratic Club in thie city, an organization | phia on January 5. fornia, former Governor-General of the ’ cating Sanee 2 _s b
concern also held $800,000, book value, oredence to it and the Amertcan Government | which worked for the election of Judge; Miss Paul is much enfeebled through the | philippines, who served with’ President} Bryao to Lecture in the Canal Zone. law, whi ‘ormed subject

of Morton Truet stock. It is considered
altogether probable that the Mutual Life

once thought iteelf obiiged to send a re-
monstrance to Brussels.
Prof. Starr of the University O€ Chicago,

| Gaynor, and one of the first dinners

| which the Mayor attended after his elec-

 

| foratbie feeding she was subjected to

Taft on the Philippine Commission.
| by the prison authorities 4nd her doctors

Mr. De Vries is a Democrat who served

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.
Panama, Jan. 3.—Col, William J. Bryan,

a LL

 

f two years, tion was arranged by Mr. Sussman. It! have ordered hér to take a rost. She does
taroaghs “the ‘Cones aoated that while | Was a dinner given to Mr. Gaynor at the not intend to lecture in the United States
there he had neither seen nor heard of the Café Boulevard. |

from a California district
| from March, 1897, to August, 1900, when
but will resume her work at the University | he was appointed to the Board of General

who with his wife and daughters is visit-
ing the Canal Zone, has announced his
intention of delivering a series of lectures

a

holdings will be disposed of in the con-
clusion of the transaction.
The Fifth Avenue Trust Company was

TT

 

 

 

 

 

 

: iv H ek) edt ends Sal a ‘4 ‘ Pst.» Sa
e Wak ¥ Pe) . i al i 1 *, » si F mies

ee > ities,” that the firat news he haa of} Herman Ridder, to whom had been | of Pennsylvania. ‘| Appraisers. Judge Hunt is nited | here under the auspices of the Y. M. C, A. the bili he has had drawn

one of the many long knows as trust com. | ‘ft was on his hotnecoming. when English | offered the place of Park Commissioner | Miss Paul thinks that American suffra-| gtates District Judge tor the distrint ‘of | clube. Col. Bryan wil! probably be the| into effect the. tdeas to be

oa ee eee ee 30 | And American papery fell into his bands. | of Manhattan and Richmond, calle’ on! gottes should adopt the militant methods| wontana. He was a classmate of Presi-| guest of Col. Gosthals, the engineer in | him in one or the other message, Hes
pmpanios, The Mutual was a heavier | tore is a vast deal of exaggeration In re-) the Mayor yesterday morning and told of their English laters. dent Taft at Valo, Mr. Barber isa lawyer | charge of the canal work say in each message, however, that.
stockholder. than the Equitable afd many | TP* of Crueities in the Congo. ; Mr (Gaynor that he could not accept the resides in Bennington. o |

of the directors are still Mutual Life | ; —- — : er Henry Smith. the Park Com-' wee : ' TO TAKE | r
trustees, though the Mutual holdings eee ek Forlte ‘Linde’, toe band missioner | c McClellan, sent vis Pen ia nun ae penn! oa

were wold three years ago to Mr. Ryan, | | Tee Sass ent and only dub set tela. wo Pion ide, Mcigudtion onl 'web coveptest | Beperte thts Sew ae seg far conan ie ; ane

®2-Gov. Morton and Harry Payne, f E reer) ian Pir ar : a rie Cae " wat Soiree waa il Siok wi ™ ; ~ a "i