|
:

iatacht

oe

 

ae hig gg net OE di Tans te, AR I

ne

thi

hf
i}

ye
ava

2 444

ARMI

a

Roriberu brauce might well puta
den end to German hope,

Mennwhile,

sud-
Hthough absolute silence

is thatntained regarding the movement
Gehl a met ali lh te a a

spired this evening by

an official eam,
Tunleation whieh shows that the
North Sen ois the only waterway in
The world about whieh the Admiralty

nahle to give assurance of sufety

to A rine Within a single week the
German mereantile marine has prae
tleally coused to exist,

CLAIM BELGIAN VICTORY.

War

 

 

 

Oflve Soy Germans Are Re-
pulsed by Allles,
Despat Tue St
Bri sseus, Aug. 12.
The elgian War Office announces
tha xeneral German attack on the
Relgian-Frene lines hetween Tirle-
mont and Tongres has failed
According to the announcement the
Germat \ retreated all along the
n M the exception of a. single
’ Vhere the fighting still continues
Che f the He in-French forces ts
mile ong
Tt neometa orted here that
i ef wing has routed the
Cr iftter a prolonged and
tler fi
1 ferman army crossed the Meuse
to-dav and sdivancing ward Brus
aels l elieved here thaf the Ger.
' i mpting to trap the allies
now Namur between this German
rm the north and the German
rm Ivancing through the Belgian
ovir t luxembure
Nan protected by mir modern
forts e erection of which was begun
1 1SSS The ire situated at distances
of from three to five miles apart around
the 4 The atural advantages of
Wh make it easier to defend than
] €
by i ies from Maastricht, across
he Dut border, report that a strong
German column with siege artillery has
e Meuse and is moving in a
out i r direction between Liege
ind¢the Keigian headquarters at Lou-
vain and toward Namur A small Ger-
nan ‘ ipying the atten
tion the for at Liege, but the main
ods is gone around the city on the
Was the new battle line
A letter received here from Liege to-
YN 1 that the German staff offi-
ors ive established headquarters in
ie ( vent du Sacre Ceeur, which has
CT t giv barr aided
The ‘ r adds that the German |
roops risice the city are collecting
a supply of flour for use in case they

should sieged by the Belgians

The only official news from the front
whi is been made public here ts
the statement of the retirement of the
Germans from Liege i

 

 

 

 

} : . its strength is said to be screened by cavalry. The Ger-
The Belgian Government has asked the : . ‘ : >
! Rone 89 ae , At Tongres, north of Liege, the German army made = mans attacked Givet, on the extreme northern frontier
pVert ent of t eche viv . * : a
sovernn ft : leriands (o B1V@’ @ fierce artillery attack in an effort to break through of Ardennes, but were repulsed by the french.
ssurances of her intentions in the the barrier of the allies and advance toward Brussels The Germans are reported to have suffered great
; , ; ; ome
event of a violation of Dutch neutral-| and Namur. At Tirlemont the Belgians made a strong loss in their efforts to dislodge the French from Muel
ty by Germanys The inquiry by the resistance and blocked the German march to the capital. hausen, two regiments being annihilated. The French
Belzian Government based on the Namur is said to be invested by a German force of troops still hold the passes of the Vosges mountains,
possibility that Germany may occupy 100,000. dominating the heights of Alsace, and maintain a@ line
he Dut ; fotambute nue The German army of the Moselle is striking at the drawn between Thann, west of Muelhausen, and Alt-
t i province o air g. ‘ ; . . > ep rm
} BEN : gap in the French fortifications north of Verdun. Their kireh
eompelling Belgium to protect er a — is = aa . Si os a om
Dut frontier 5 ! !
= from Bassily to Diest and Tirlemont. man a 1 ( n ff .
It is reported that Hasselt, St. Troud , /
) sta > , pAaehm ’ I f § tha Ih
d S SO d LE
PARIS HEARS OF BATTLE, | sna: tangen. ace again inthe hands of \ecmniei aoa
»rX? "y Crpiyin
French War Office Says General En- the allied armies It is reported that t at FIRING AT MAASTRI( ET,
‘. . the Germans seized 800,000 fran , 7 :
eneement Has Begun, es ; tow \e 1 bm Concussions From Reported Hattle
& sf tahle eh ton mae RGN ($160,000) in the national bank at Has i “ ‘ ‘
/ s cone aelt P at Tongres Shake Town,
Paris, Aug. 12 irily, but a: avy a er d ' A
MSTERDAS do :
The Fret War Of nnounced to- That Krugsels is the next objective arrives forts w be taken with . ”
3 : , Dressy V
day ha » general engagement is in the German attack is indicated by > th fama as 2:
progr rirlem Belzium. twenty. | the fact that a German aviator flew The cap { ‘ :
Ave miles east of Brusse vetween the over the city this morning. He was at oa d il m, G \ Ss _ ’ : a
German arm of the Meuse and the !4 height of 2,000 feet and rifle fire di mi 8 ft fu ‘ . mi ‘ fel
He rected at him by civie guards fell short tbout then fon M
It inderstood that the French and Communication with Landen has. sault or for npered : r d idd t Gerima
Br vilies are near at hand and are| been restored, according to offictal an- | the population of 7 dine a f 1 , ; reff ey ,
) ridge rt eus
narching to a t the Belgians in re-|"ouncement made to-day Several | women, shot at e German troe from tH a 5 7 m , <4 sh
‘ tl were i s ‘ > sec
pulsing the attaek, which is believed | bridges have been blown up by the behind, firing indiscrimina and | ny da ige has wW nN
to be aimed against Brussels Germans in the vicinity, of Landen ting the surgeons and the wounded as ) 1 fr passage of siege
The War Office describes the engage- | and Tirlemont and there have been) well as the active att f ! ‘ Several op are heing
ment a serious” and adds: “The Bel- | reports of an artillery engagement near “It must not be en.” Gen. von | Pla np mn before Liege, the des
glans are energetically resisting the|J-anden, but no confirmation has been | Stein concludes, “that the Helgian for patehe i d others will be sent to
German atiack, which is in force with | received is numerically iperior ' —
‘ ‘ f ? . Official communications say that M j ni. tl 1 , NI
nfanirs upported bs artillery en- |] : ‘ Viviani we | 1 Kore 1 N PREDICTS PARALLEL BATTLE
aged there is no uneasiness regarding Bel- ister, explains the military position at
al fig n t reported at | gium's food supply. Liege, along the Franco-German fron “Times” Eixpert Eapects Pormation
Tongre 1 miles east of Tirlemont, tier and in Haute Alsace in the follow Lnfasorable to Germans,
to e northwest of Liege | GERMANS IN FORCE. ing despatch received in London day lLonpon. Aug 14) ¢Thursday)
Of i ws from IL fe ent at 11:30 | Rumor regarding the ; of the ’ ' ar rin ‘
¢ } , , t '
clog ‘ it the forts are) pritish War OMce Says Balk of | {O'S Of Liege by the Relgian troop ‘ reat ba las
y it against ie Germans and Agmy Is Near Liese ire entirel alse, Only small grouj He ex o-
no vet f er nto the enemy's Special Cable Deapatch to Turn Si German lier entered he own
oi K ind: over of tl darkness A ’
hand LONvon, Aug. 12 Be ce irs 7 Phe exy will b
T} ! tro refort t Pe the en w® fol ely n imber, ¢ :
The Belgian ' formed to the The mass of the German troops is ; n ‘ ra t German
bac are intuet )
we val lo.ege and have taken the! concentrating between Liege and lux- p 4 ‘ \ irallel batt €
ffer emburg, according to an official state mat, nin engagem iby 1 jual for ‘
have occurred along the whole line
Land vhich e German oceu-| ment issued to-day by the new official : ! 1 Grern \ iad
Where the French and Germa irmile
WW , 1 1 \
pied erdad via eon reeaptured! press bureau established by the LBrit- f : ' ' ,
. eae are facing eat nt r from elfort y 1 ‘ ‘ \ that GG nN 8
afte rm ne. It is reperted that. ish War Office. The statement was as " ali ; ; Bet
ae posite the southernme par A Isaac ' ould be ,
\ t ed the railroads and. followa ey Rel nar fins ow tt a
5 " “ dege eS uM these encoun ¥ » .
German rear causing “Of the twenty-six German arms fata ee FRAT) eae : Haan i bee ng the road to
th ‘ great ombarrassment in rps the bulk has been lecated, and } \ ha t 1
. = ; Muintained Iperiority over lie } 7
h 1 ft the troops it is evident that the mass of Ger- : im i me b » oby is th ff
German mounts troo while our - e! iY it thes ' .
man troops is concentrated between | ‘ Bre ares UP OMS BF pure sta , ey are prepared
x ' 11 ' iiliery has been splendidly served, lefeat i it
i > (.'pP ’ , ray, liege and Luxemburg
STOP GERMAN ADVANCE, | cee & iyo ne “sfeniay Wave Ckaht tha caMeiie nee
. he number 0 erman troops =
’ : m (and passes of the Vosges Mountains,; GERMANY TO RAISE WAR LOAN,
Betainus Claim Vietory in Fighe, Known to be on the western side of and they dominate the heigh of Al-
Nenr Landen, that country proves that bn the e@ast-  gyce Fortunes Exceeding 87,500,000 Will
S) , , Despa ‘ Tur St ern theatre of war the Russo-Germiat A line between Thiann (twenty-two Re Levied on First,
I Ati 1 frontier, so far as Germany 18 con- miles outhwest of ( Imar \isace) 1
> ) . v « 4 .
1 n w oni ied g | cerned, comparatively lightly @nd Altkireh (the first position oecu thy Sug. 1 tt was offtalnt ;
‘ i ic eo : tH * ae %
, 4 guarded, unless by reservists,” pied by the French army at ts 1 ’ te \ German
Bla 1 i vhich ivs | vasion of Alsace) is held by our armies 1 t
he ¢ it ‘Ving passed the re - This line runs slightly to the rear of ; . ie
' ra , oO ‘ bo owa ! ist ra
! Which they GERMANS DENY LOSSES, | Mucthausen People who ‘ xoaed 40,000,006
val lay "The French Government indignantly ;
f , denies that there wa iny Violation of m 3 oe ' 1 :
‘ ' ! which But Report by Gen, von Stetu Gives Cyoeman territory by the Prench army \ moratorium will not be deelared
t \ | ided No Figures, before the declaration of war,” RUMANIA NOT TO JOIN ALLIES
() 4 } ot ‘ wiry . a < * 2 .
special Cable Despate Tue S
§ repared f } Se ,  RRIG, iY ke 4?
red tor th Lonpom, Aus, 12, | WHOLE BRIGADE KILLED. | oniy cuavdinw tee Wevatiors, sar
" uy is 1” - ‘ . — ’
The first German account f-th .
pf ” F ae ® Rome THeoes Russinos Slauahtercad OMmMetals in London,
flehting before Liege was received here s ; ; ;
1 Were 6} ed : We Aastrian Cavalry on Frontier, in ot
: ¢ o-day by the Exchange Telegraph La wn. Aug, 1 The Rumanian Lega
i net in : . ; yee . ‘ Romy Aug. 12.—T? Carriere d'italia , ine
Company in a despatch from its Rome , ; , ' ' \ de d la report that
j ) i na 1 elesgram om Ve \us rus n |
ed that they correspondent The de cateh purport nt 1\ t ; Au My a : bei the ‘Triple
=) ' Via \ un j
owest HUH es needed to | tg quote a Kerlin despatch containing ! } . AiliA
- 5 aValry ha pina ay Cos | ‘ | ‘ | wnia will take
Mhis had an ¢ an oOffielal statement by Gen, von Stein 4 mm that frontier 0 1 teps t hard } rontiers
N t fu } In this statement Gen, von Stein d \ rding lesy he Au 7
nies that the Germans lost 20,000 frians had ia ‘ ‘ ' the ¢
| | t tllied armies in| but gives no figures Only 1 wma ti but artillery Ipport thre lat
; ' et t in am number of German troops, he say; had forced them ae Mhey i!
cord W prearranged pl * tempted to recros but a . . }
Kg la are sug oe ac ‘ . ac 0) > ‘
\ | \ were engaged in the attack on the yoayy pain had fallen and boih inen end Boats Kast 99th & 134th St. |
‘ f in Impor- | Liege forts, which was undertaken t f |
ta isement along the railroad line | FPN LO horses wore cought in the meny ground. FREE FIREWORKS TUESDAYS & THURSDAYS

 

| 250 miles.

The battle lines of the armies of Germany and the
near Brussels,
to Altkirch, near the Swiss border, a distance of almost
There were engagements in progress at in-
tervals along the entire line yesterday

allied nations extend from

mask the
;

Battle Lines of the Armies in Belgium

HS Npkean

.7

 

advance was che
fighting took place
Luxemburg f
which is movi

in Belgium,

ng t

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘THE SUN,

cked vesterday at Longwy,
,and at several point

‘ontier i

reported to be operating as far south a

THURSDAY,

KAISER AND ALLIES FAC

where fierce
on the Belgium-

that neighborhood. This army,
France by way of Luxemburg, is
Conflans and

ito

 

 

 

movements of the muin Gers | There the Cossucks followed up the at-;Qeeunsboro Bridge Trolley Also Direct
|

AUGUST 13, 1914.

‘GERMAN ARMY BEATEN
___ BBRORE. EYDTKUANEN.

, Russians Report Vietory in Bat-

tle Over Border

Town.

Special Cable Despathh to Tur Ses

Petenssuns, Aug. 12-—-The Russian
have defeated the Germans, who
were attempting to recapture Mydtkuhnen
just the fron

St

troops

in Russia, (ierman
tier
The
frontier
are still

across
advices from the Austrian
indicate that the actions there
merely skirmishes The Aus
trian. have occupied several villages in
the Government of Kielce unopposed. The
Germans, unopposed, have occupied

latest

Steradz and Konetazpol in) Russian Vo
land They are mounting heavy guns at
several points

According to the newspapers Germany's
main force on her eastern border consists

 

of reserves, of which there are twenty)
five di¢isions, each of 20,000 men In
addition there are ‘six batteries of arti
lerv and thirty-one cavalry regiments
LONDON, Aug. 1° Advices received here
from Helsingfors, Finland, say that the
ymmander of the Russian fortress at
Sveaborg has ordered all the civilian in-

ts of Sveabore and Helsingfo
A battle or bombardment of the
and Helsingfors is lieved im

 

MONTENEGRO OPPOSES KAISER.

Minister to Germany Serves Notice

of War Declaration.

Special Cable Deapatches to Tuy S
VIENNA \ue 13 \ despatch from
Berlin says that the Montenegrin Minis

to Germany called at the German

Foreign Office to-day and served a forma

 

declaration of war by his countr on
(yermans At the same time he = de
manded his passports Montenegro «cs
jlared warton Austria August 7

Austria ts blockading the coast of Mon-
tenegro Shipping of neutral nations will
have twenty-four hours to leave port

Cooperates With Servia.

Nisu, Aug 12.—-The Servian and

Montenegrin armies have effected a june

tion on the Herzegovinia frontier and
are w cooperating Servian artillery !
s bombarding razda 1, the Drina, 29
nile southeast of Barajevo

Unimportant skirmishes betwee out
posts are reported at different point
the Danube and Save The bombard

ment of Belgrade continues, with heavy

damage to proper

 

Advices from Sof report that the Bu
garian Government reparing
eventualities The advice wive ’ nt

the Bulgarian tentions

Prince George of Servin Wounded,

 

I,
Re Via
wi
f “sf
ime |
ece of ¢t
i'r he head and he was rendered
' “ . *’ wound s eported not
1 lange i
I Times publishes a Pari itea
1 { Ipat f
M nt Tar , lon ating Seutart
ter

TROOPS MARCH THROUGH PARIS.

G NEAR

African Veterans on Ways to Bronte
Theills Copttal,
heap Tae St
Vat \ 1 Vytot iy Par |
q ‘
! wink t with
! ZA vit
‘ ‘\
\ Afi ‘
i ed 1 ‘
’ n ‘
M te! ie t
‘ ‘ ( 1 oth wore i
“ " ‘ ! ‘ )
me ‘ { African soldiers wore}
the medaille militaire, the highest honor |
vata French soldier can win, It is given
for raordinary heroism on the fleld
of

 

SAYS ITALY STANDS FIRM,

she Will Remain

Neutral, Ambassa-

dor tn Paris Asserts,
Speewal Cable Despatch to THe 8
Parts \ug 1 \mbassador Tittoni
is posted a signed notice @t the Itallan
hinbiss ind the Itaullan quarters of
1 Vink
Ita va pene time and wi main
4 ie strictest utra Therefore
here 4 need fe ltullans to be
alarmed rt na iinue t esid 1
ra 1 full secu

WAR STOPS GROUSE SHOOTING.

Sportsmen ino Cemy oor Navy and

Moors Are Deserted,

 

 

' Despatch to Tus
{ \ t | The Prouse hoot ng
is ened t 1a 1 of
il wa | \ © spared on many
or M t f the Svot hon are
leserted
M of t were 0 to ine
1 ¢ ous hooting a the a 5
in the 1 erve eis also a feeling
' ile it t at this time would
‘ z 1 view of the peri. to the

 

ane
MAKING :
an art Like every \
other art, it calls for years }
of painstaking study. Further
than that it demands of the chef
a peculiar genius. He must know
how to produce from simple ma-
terials a product that satisfies the
most critical taste
Repetti Caramels for a quarter
century have maintained their
position among the foremost
products of the Candy
Maker's art
At all Better Class Shope

| is

 
   

Kt
124th Street
ie til

|
|
|

 

Americans Giving
Foreign Tours Can Find
Ideal Conditions In The

Mountains Of Western A nen ance a me anced
North Carolina At
GROVE PARK INN fireat indignation in hatin
The Finest Resort Hotel In The World| (juarter Over Closing Just
High altitude, Delightful in the ee i
Cool, restful sleep, Finest, golf lake When It Is Most Needed,
mosquitoes. Full information at offces
of the Southern Railway or direct by a 3 ‘
wire from us

GROVE PARK INN

   

Sunset Mountain, Asheville, N.C. we rere ae cae ¥
oo mcoe cr en on quarter at ne few thet
| i tu is closing just 4
Se — | when there is the greate
PERRY TIFFANYS IN LONDON. fan organization The voungw w i

Arrive After an

 

 

sp a tabi ape h - s
pec thle Despate to Tre ; } The numbe of lodgers
LONDON, Aug. 12 M and Mrs. Perrys | duced rom fie to fou 5
Tiffany of New York, after an adver tuff of fis iesistarit
s f t sista
turous Voyage from Russia, have reached | snd tourtes maid eutained
ne ( e) i = Is t
here, Several Americana are with them leiris wer sdvised to 1
\fte reaching Copenhagen they went to; : wee os lave Bunday, Pece
, ‘ yer? ge its ; tha ‘
Hergen, hoping to get a ship there Chey 4 . : ;
money but not taking the
found a crowd of Americans at) Bergen ;
‘ | commodation Was reserved ‘ ton
but no boat and little food | i ; grant ; \
vndon by ee aph tr ‘
After three days a British tramp lh ’ .
3 The position of those en ar
steamer arrived for coal and took then 16 W Uncomfortable that
made , rh ue é« e ’
tu Stockholm, where the captain) wished ; : f r girl ‘
t eX prion « our gir t
to land them. Vecuniary persuasion in : : : es
a Sunday fiom Swilizerland and t t
! dl m to take them to Neweastle .
obtain a Troon or rat
rom there they got to London by cattle trom London w persuaded )
; trom London is persuade
trerne ; London the same da
rh found London absolute normal It is imposs to adva |
with theatres, dinners and “ay oon Cole
ties about provisioning
tinuing as in time of peu I" wer :
aris remains nor
AMERICANS IN CARLSBAD SAFE. |"! * “8” 0! Wiltleulty arising
rs | 1,700 Americans at Havre
They Are Comfortable, bat Can't Get
A Seventeen hundred Amet
’
vers ive been added to the tis
pe Cahle Despatch to Thr St | Awaiting transpo at .
- ' i
Panis, A\ug. 12 ny Pi Ww ims of New| hese had intended to be pa a
Orleans received a telegram to-day frm) ing wrench liners France and
Madrid saying he sende vas I They are returning to Paris
telegraph t with Ame ship company fed the France's , fe
wns Carlsbad who said they were] peng for a week withou
omfortabl bu that was ble Americar stavil t ‘ ‘
for them to leave the city have found a neihod
information contained the fore. | RveNe wie SLES. pees ;
z despatel the first received fron } vague promises tye inhale
Ca md since the first la of this) Hundreds have volutiteered
onth, wt 1 hundreds of Americ were try of Ag ilture t °
tking desperate and in scores of cases | i) pvosting Khe Minter Gt
insuccessful efforts to leave the The ros ae
regular trains to Vienna and elsewhere S SISA SIS: MeN :
yuld ommodate oniv # comparatively | (he orlsit
ew me WwW tried to board them
Meanwhile the telegraph efused to
| a ‘ it producti NO NAVAL FIGHT NEAR HERE
of the sender's identification pers
Rumors Reach Portsmouth, \ il,
AUSTRIAN HOSPITALS CROWDED. but Are Discredited
|
! PORTSMOUTH , i \ug
Wounded Soldiers at Vienna, Zara) : i .
‘ommandant of the
and Trieste, Says De nteh, |
t lav that residents on t lele ia,
7 ! Cable Despatch to Tit 8§ } about ten miles off
Rome, Aug. 1 The milita hospitals | seeing two warshiy engage six
\ 1 are crowded with soldiers, ac-! mites to the east. The
1 despateh re ved h Th learned nor the outcome of the
are ] bh iffering from The commandant ' that t a
but helleved at most Of | was brought to the mainland by the ’
1 orne | prietor of one of the hotels on the is
aN 1 ‘ ted at] Investigation kad ta the belief ¢
it , lieve other wounded |) reports of ’ aval engagemer 7
aused by sounds of catnon t t
McKinley, where the i | er re
: practising with the const defence gt
AUSTRIAN ENVOY QUITS ROME.
Ambassador, in Resigning, Pleads | Pricat Would Reenter Arms,
11) Health, St PETERSBURG Nug 12 I
VIENNA, Aug. 12. (via London) Kajetan | Bulatoviteh 4 forme office f the
Mer a Kapos- Mere Nustrian Am-| Guards, now superio f one of th
bassad to lta ha ePsizned because | inonasteries on Mount \thos, Sa
f atl The post at Rome will be!) pas made upplication for a renew ‘
Me mute : ' a Karl von commission in the Russian arn
Ma departmental eh in the Aus . ;
tr Garelen Office It is Father Bulatovit “
—— main in religious orders and, f
‘ © example of the usad
GERMAN TERMS TO BELGIUM. iijsteenty and fourters
i trooy Wearlt hi u i
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sts hy file cow
Panis 2 Phe Temps GHOtHR CNet 7 eee
elgiar Pre ' ‘ i\ing that tier
mat le anothe effort to per Firing Heard tn Mediterranean
sund Belgium to cease | esistanee, Special Cable Despe iu
mnising > respeet the ntegrity of her RoME \Nug 1 Firing t as
t ! teerandizement eard to-day at. Ort 4 ’ Mt 1
ift t wa she will consent ind Palermo

 

 

 

NAMU

‘AMERICAN GIRLS LOSE
~ THEIR CLUB IN PARIS

 

  

 

 

 

 

4

Paris, Atiz

 

IQlents are convinced tha Mir
Reid
| yearly

of New
benefa

Adventurous Jour- York, the fo

. tor of the lu
nes From Russia, ’ rie
ware o eonditiea

presen

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

Tete

Mr. Bank Cashier,
this advt. is for you

It is intended to interest you in a new |
method of filing—a method that is
peculiarly adapted to your requirements.

We call it the ‘‘Automatic Index.’’
Why? Because it indexes itself auto-
matically.

It is quick—quick in, quick out.

It is correct—because it provides a check
against error.

Scores of banks have adopted it. Let
us give you their names. Then write
and ask them why they changed and
whether they are glad they did.

Library Bureau

Manufacturing distributore of

Card and filing systems. Office, library and bank equipment.
Unit card and filing cabinets in wood and steel.

316 Broadway, New York

Telephone, 140@ Worth

Please let me have the names of three or four banks which have
adopted the ‘‘Automatic Index'’ method of filing.