VOL. LIXY.—NO. 165," a

NEW HEADS AT OPERA HOUSE

FOUR MEN WILL TAKE UP THE
TASK CONRIED LEAVES.

+NEW

 

 

, trene-

gust Belmont, A. D.

fattl-Casazra and Dippel te Be the Mana- . A. C. Taylor,
gers, With Mahler and ‘Toseanint as anderbilt and

Masical Directors and Advisers-—Anm-
other Five Year Lease of Metrepeiitan.

Radical changes in the management of
the Metropolitan Opera House are to follow
the long expected resignation of Director
Heinrich Conried, which was formally an-
nounced’ yesterday afternoon by the di-
rectors of the Conried Metropolitan Com-
rany and the Metropolitan Opera and Real
Fetate Company

Director Conried is to be succeeded by
Aa quartet of managers and musical di-
rectora, headed by M. Julio Gatti-Casazza,
now manager of La Scala af Milan, as gen-
eral manager. Andreas Dippel, the tenor,
is the new. administrative manager and
Mr. Toscanini, musical director of La Scala,
and Gustav Mahler, formerly general musi-
cal director of the Court Opera in Vienna,
are to be joint musical directors. In ad-
dition to these changes the old system of
having the manager share iv the profits |
of the comrany will be abolished and the | ment Mr. Kahh declared that it was to have
new managers will receive fixed salaries.

He pointed out that La Scala was as catho-
lic as the New York opera houses in its
presentations, and that Wagner was as
much loved in Milan as the native com-
posers. “Instead of more Italian opera
we shall have better,” was the way he
put it.

All these things were decided on yes | Xf Se Se ree oe ae
terday afternoon at a meeting of officers | pee ite oan 7 1 one aman
and directors of the Metropolitan Opera | that in case there was an artistic disagree-
and Real Estate Company, held in J. | ment among the managers the board of |
Pferpont Morgan's library. The ‘Con- | Saas would be willing to act as ar-
ried Metropolitan Opera Company was | bitratora

: Mr. Kahn was enthusiastic in hia estima-
represented at the meeting by Otto H. | tion of T ial, eho, he dest . could
Kahn, chairman of the board of directors, | noe only conduct the whole of the “Ring of
and Edmund L. Baylies. At the close of | ine Nibelung” from memory, but also
the conference the following statements | «gaigme,” In reply to.a question as to
were issued:

whether Mr. Dippel’s new duties would

“The directors of the Conried Metro- suntan Sites teats Veneusion on the Metro-
politan Opera Company announce with politan stage during the next season Mr.
great regret that Mr. Conried has informed
|

 

eee ; Kahn would oaly say that he had now been
them of his inability, owing to the state engaged solely as a manager and not as
of his health, to continue in charge of its | » tenor.
affairs after the expiration of the preseat Mr. Dippel is famitiar with nearly every
season and of his consequent determina | tenor part that is likely to be . He
tion to retire as president and director | pas often saved the day at the eet li-
of the Conried Metropolitan Op®ra Com- | pa, Opera House by stepping in at = last
peny not later than May. Until thea, his moment and singing the part of some
health permitting, he will remain in com | tenor who had decided not to appea

plete charge and exercise authority a6! i¢ becomes necessary for him to do om
heretofore. a ; | again Mr. Kahn suggested that Dippel as
The Conried Metropolitan Opera Com- manager would have to take Dippel as

pany, while coniinuing its corporate entity,
will change its title and will henceforth
be known —. the name of the Metro-

politan Opera Company. It haa leased i| English and he is also the only one who

!
_ the Metropolitan Opera House for the | fully understands American conditions in
term of five years, beginning June 1, L408 opera.

It has engaged, with the approval of the | “Director Conried would make no atate-

tenor aside in a corner and make terms
| with him. Dippel is said to be the only
one of the new managers who understands

 

Metropolitan (pera and Real Estate Com-' ment yesterday as to hia future plans or
pany, Mr. Julio Gatti-Casazza, manager | expreas any opinion as to the future of |
of La Scala in Milan, as general manager, | the Metropolitan Opera House, It js said
and Mr. Andreas Dippel as administrative | ghat gs soon as hie connection with the
mapneger. The tinditiansl eyatem ae opera house is finally severed in May he |
the wenager share in the protte-will He | wit go abroad. '
abolished. The miaoagors will reecive a |

fixed salary, and neither they nor any other | SPEAKER COLE RXONER ATED.
employer will have any financfal interest ,

in the affairs of the company. Any prof- | Ceart Quashes Indictments Against Presid.
ite realized will be used for the estab- ing OMicer of Massachusetts House.
lishment of an endowment or pension Boston. Feb. 11.-—-The indictment of 125
fund, or for some similar purpose, for the | Counts returned last month by the Fasex
advancement of the Metropoliia: Overa | county Grand Jury against John N. Cole of
House as an art institution. The customary | Andover, Speaker of the House of Repre-
annual performance for the benefit of the Sentatives, was quashed to-day by Chief |

dustice Aiken in the Criminal Session of the
Superior Court at Salem
Mr. Cole was charged with a solicitation
of reduced railroad fares for school children.
Chief Justice Aiken made no comment in
handing down his decision

manager will be aboliabed, and there will
instead beone or two benefit performances
each vear, the entire proceeds of whie
wi}! be devoted to the fund for endow. '

ment cr pensions, &°

As to the new four cornered manage-
| full artistic liberty, with no interference |

“Mr. Gustav “Mahler, uatil recentiy gen-
eral musical director of the Court Opera This ends the case agains!, Mr. Cole as
in Vienna, and Mr. Toseanini, musical | far as this indictm@mt is concerned, and ia |
director of Ta Seala in Milan. have been | regarded by his at‘orneys as a complete
engaged as inini nusical directors.” vindication of his action in recommending
The «ther statement, after, deploring , certain reduced rates which, he said, was not |
the illness which had compelled Mr. Con- | @ violation of th > law
ried to retire and paying a t ibute to his gir "at
aie th ta taek fee: vans) auneunees tes 1 LOSES A POSTMASTER,
quali ications of b's successors, os follows: | Haut Only One Nomination Which Wadsworth
"My. Gatti Cesazza is a gentleman of | Opposes Will Be Withdrawn.
the highest standing, professionally and | WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.--The nomination
personally. and of thorough tousica! end | of Jonathan B. Borah to be postmaster at
genera! culture, Forneariy ten yearshe hae | Dansville, whose appointment was recom- |
been in entire charg: of la Scala in Milan. raended by Representative Peter A. Porter,
where he has done edmirable work as | wil) be withdrawn by President Roosevelt. |
generze! manager and gtage director. Tas ay the other post office nominees recom-

‘icala is the foremost opera house in Italy,

one of the oldest in the world. and the dig
nite of ifs artistic traditions is second
te nor

“Under Mr. Gatti-('asazza‘a Ingnage. nent

it has been distinguished by the catho-
Neity of its répertoire cultivating equaliy

the classical operas end the works of the
modern French, Italian and German com-
poeers Thequalificationsof all the candi-
Aates have been carefully and contecienti
ously examined, and we are convinced that ,
Mr. Gatti-Caeazza will amply justify the
selection which has entrusted him with

this much coveted position

‘At Mr Gatti-Casazza's side will be Mr.
Mippehee man thoroughly conversant with
the traditions of the Metropolitan Opera
Bouse, long known and liked by the New
Yorle public os a sterling artist of remark -
able musicel ability and vast experiente,

tactful, resourceful, enjoying universal
esteem and sympathy es an artist and a
gentieman

“We consider ourselves particularly
fortunate in having secured the coopera-
tion es equal and joint musical directors
the farmous conductors, Messra. Mahler
and i dscanini, a combination which no

other opera house in the world can match.

“Our contracts with the great artists
who form the enaemble of the Metropolitan
Opera are, of course, not affected by the
change in management

“In aseurging the lease of the Metro-
politan Opern House for another term of five
years we wish to testify to our gratitude to
and high respect for the directors of the
Metropoltian Opera “and Real Estate Com-
many and to the sense of indebtedness
which we in common with all lovers of
opera feel for what they, as representing

mended by Mr.
former Representative James W. Wads-

worth will be confirmed. Charges made |

against Borah and a fight made on him
bey Mr. Wadsworth indicated that the
| nomination might be rejected by the
| Senate.

LATEST KNOCKOUT DROPS.

» Coroner Shrady Thinks Saloon Creoks Are
Using Nitrobenzol.
That the poison nitrobenzol is being
| used by New York crooks is the opinion
expressed by Coroner Shrady yesterday
: after Coroner’s Physician Lehane had dis-
| covered that the stomach of Frank Zeller,
53 years old, who died yesterday at Bellevue
Hospital, contained some of the drug.
Zeller waa picked up unconscious on Monday
night at Second avenue and Tenth street.
“We have had several just such cases
recently, and I think these men have had |
the poison administered in saloons and |
then been robbed,” the Coroner said. “For
a long time we did not know what the
poison was, but when a month ago a man
committed suicide in Twenty-sixth street
a bottle of nitrolenzol was found beside |
him. His organs were discovered to be |
in the same condition as those of the persons °
| who had been poisoned mysteriously.”
| Coroner Shrady added that the police
were investigating under his direction.
|
}
|

 

Nitrobenzol, or nitrobenzine, is nota
new poison. -It was discovered in 1834.
It is produced by treating benvine with
| atrong nitric acid. It smells like bitter |
almonds and is used as a perfume for soap.

chatustnteiesmnaanamennliietientl

SORRY MRS, EDDY MOVED AWAY.
Concord (N, H.) Council Adopts Resolution

 

Porter and opposed by |

the founders and owners of that famous
house, have cone to establish and promote
the cause of operatic art in New York.
They heve stood by it when giving opera
in New York meant loss and disappoint-
ment. and it is primarily to their support,

of Appreciation of Her Life.
Concorp, N. H., Feb. 11.—The Board of

Aldermen and Common Council adopted

| a joint resolution at a meeting last night
relation to the recent removal of Mrs.

to their wisdom and foresight, to the durable se Toe, G. Eddy from this city to
foundation which they have laid and the The directs the Mayor to ex-
high standard which they have set that feria Be attr fo “appreciation of her life in
the credit is due for having made the Metro- y-- over her departure

nas 16 fo wniverestt its ~yt that, although absent, she
politan Opera House w 9 universally | Sit always pnavish's loving regard for the
conceded to be, the blue ribbon of the Se aa ee ae Gos bad ele le
operatic world.” peoples among whom she lived for so many

The secretary of the Metropolitan Opera

|

|

|

in

|

people,
gave out a brief statement saying that the TO FLOMDA

Opers

Shea

and Real Estate Company, Frank N. Dodd,
new lease for five years as out-
ta the Conried or Metropolitan

“

6 RUA. GREP een clmmtnne ae oo Se

co

YORK, WEDNESDAY, .
 DROWNES AT ODDS OVER $08

BOY WHO ESCAPED SOHOOL BY
1ONG WALK WON BY FATHER.

Russell Drowne, Jr.. who wae on the train
with Mrs. Drowne. Last November in
Newark Vice-Chancellor Stevens decided
that Mr. Drowne should have oustody of
thp boy.

The father won out yesterday and carried
the boy off to his house at 147 Weat Thirty-
| sixth street, but not before a man from a

lawyer's office who was with Mr. Drowne
had his eyeglasses smashed by Henry,
| Jr., who did not want to go with his father.

Mrs. Drowne up to about four weeks
, ago used to see her son regularly at her

a

, former husband's house. She took him
‘ one day recently to a doctor's office and
| was told that the boy bad valvular disease
| of the heart and that the annoyances of
| having to take part in disputes were bad
for him. Then of a sudden the boy was
sent to a school in South Newton, Mags.
Mrs. Drowne couldn't find’out where he
had gone.

On Monday afternoon late she was called
up at her house in West Twenty-seventh
street and asked whether she would accept
responsibility for a long distance cal) from
Natick, Mass. She did so and was sur-
prised to hear the voice of her son, who
told her that he and another boy had rup
away from the school and after walking
ten miles on the railroad ties had got to
Natick. Mre. Drowne gave instructions
that the boys should be cared for at a hotel
and set out about 11 o'clock for South
Framingham. She went from there to
Natick by trolley and found the boys ait-
ting up in the early morning waiting for
her in the telephone station.

She sent the other boy, Harold Aarper,
to his home in the Hotel Westminster,
Boston, and started for New York with
her own son. The school had meantime
notified Mr. Drowne and he kept watch on

the Boston trains. As he said yesterday,
| “The boy couldn't come anywhere else,

so [ watched the incoming trains.” When
| Mrs. Drowne got off the car with the boy
her former husband and a man from the
| office of Hamilton & Beckett, Mr. Drowne's
| lawyers, were there.

Henry, Jr., fought against and
Mrs. Drowne said to her husband: “I this
' were doWn South, you'll be ridden oh 4
‘rail out of town. The boy doésn’t want
' you; why don’t you let him alone?” The

lawyer's man accused her of attempting
' to kidnap the boy.

Eventually Mrs. Drowne agreed to let
, the boy go with his father, but she insisted
| that a cab be called. Mra. Drowne said
| yesterdag that her hushand wanted to let
the boy ride in the street cars and would
have only that she insisted that he spend
$1 for a cab. Henry. Jr., refused to get
into the cab and hadi to be put in by force.

The boy now is in his father’s home.
| where he will stay for afew days in the care

of his half-sister. Ethel Mitchell Drowne.
| Mr. Drowne said yesterday that he hadn't
' decided just what to do, but thought he
| would send the boy back to the school.
Mrs. Drowne said the boy told her that
‘ when all the scholars were out walking
| on Monday with the principal he and
| Harper had slid down a hill instead of
following and then struck out for Natick.
Harper is 9 years old. He told Mrs. Drowne
| that be had to stop every once in a while
because of Henry's weak heart.

corpus procedings before Vice-Chancellor
| Stevens in November last year the boy
showed that he did not want to go with his
| father. Mr. Drowne has divorce pro-
1 ceedings pending against his wife in this
| State.

In August, 1906, the boy was plain-
| tiff in a suit brought against . Drowne
to have her removed as trustee of a fund of
$1,000 set aside for him by hie father. who
is a member of the firm of Lawrie, Mann
& Drowne of 61 Leonard street. In that
| suit he made affidavit that he did not con-
| sider his mother,who then was in Brookings,

8. D., establishing a residence, a fit custodian
| for him. The action was brought by his
father as guardian.

DEPARTMENT SALARIES RAISED.

Assistant Secretaries Fare Well in New Ap-
propriation Bill.
~ SHINGTON, Feb. 11.—The Legislative,
j
|

 

 

ive and Judicial Appropriation bill,

reported to the House to-day, carries a
total of $82,337,078, which is $32,406 more

salaries of the First Assistant Secretaries of

} the di te of State, Treasury, War,
Na ty ny Fn ey
\¥ are raised from $4,500 to $6,000.

j The salary of the First Assistant Post-
master-General

i

the Treasury Department all
ent a
| Assistant Secretaries are raised

JUDGE WON’T RUN A SALOON.

| Landis, of Standard Ol! Fine Fame,
Receivership Petition.
Cuicaaco, Feb. 11.—“I refuse to go into the
saloon business and therefore will appoint
no receiver,” said Judge Kenesaw Moun-
tain Landis to-day in —— 2
made in the bankruptcy case of ~S
[motton:. owner of two saloons in the

— pettion for a receiver was filed
oleae re that the
on the stock and that they
would be sold.
feared the “ire enjoin any one from away
or selli assets,”

J
“but Iw not go 1ato the saloon business
on ta ees LAND mALae

is Sele aye
Sea ane ie onan

 

 

 

“
ee ae

On the occasion of the decision of habeas | opinion was expressed that they could be

 

ed

JAOKBON TACKLES ICE TRUST.

manta @ver Jorome's Head.

. Web. 11.—Gov. Hughes has

Attorney-General Jackson to
wally or by deputy before the
Sury in the Criminal Branch
Court in New York county
to attempting to secure the
the American loe Company

  
 

for maintaining a monopoly,

= [Soares some anti-trust law.
The wants to have a
Grand Jury pees upon American Ice Com-
pany contracts and letters which he has
im his Last fall Attorney-
eneral Ja wanted District Attorney
Jerome to present the case to the Grand
Jury again, but he was told that the Grand
Jeary Mad Gomsidered the matter a’ year

thrown it out.

Jackaon told Gov.
Hughes the documentary evidence
which he id and which he furnished to

Mr. Jerome Was not presented to the Grand
Jury:. Me Believed that if it was indict-
ments would follow and asked the Governor
to allow him to act independently.

 

 

SAYS 178000 ARE OUT OF WORK,
C batymen of a Union Meeting Gives Sur.
‘prieing Figures.

In respoues to a call issued a week ago
po Ee oan veriees tae
a meeting representatives from more
than 200 unions was held last night at the
Labor Temple, Eighty-fourth street be-
tween Sevand and Third avenues, to hear
reports as to the number of unemployed
workers in New York. Thomas Lewis
presided and called for reports from the
representatives of the unions as to the
number of men idle.

After each delegate had reported the
chairman figured out that about 175,000
were idle in this city. The figures were
considered extravagant by some of the
delegates,{but the chairman insisted that
he was right. The reporta were then made
in another form and the méeting decided
that from §0 to 60 per cent. of the mechan-
ica were idle.

A committee representing different
trades was appointed to attend the meet-
ing of the Board of Estimate on Friday and
urge immediate action on the Broadway-
Lexington avenue tunnel so that work cap
begin on it at once. Another committee
will ask the State and city officials to take
action of some kind quickly so as to relieve
the situation by hurrying along State or
' municipal contracts which are not awarded
| but which are to be let.

It was resolved to arrange for a mass
meeting to discuss the situation in Madison
Square Garden in a week or so to which the
Mayor and other city officers will be in-
vited. Arrangements are also to be made
for a parade of the unemployed.
er ee
REBUKES ' PRESIDENT.

 

HAUSE

 

Won't Allew Payment fer Services Per
fernied Without Authority of Law.

Wastinatron, Feb. 11.—The House of
Representatives went on recotd to-day
by a vote of 118 to 97, the negative votes
being cast by Democrats, again&t paying
any one for servicea performed at the re-
quest and by appointment of the President
without authority of law.

The case was that of Senator Bankhead
of Alabama, who served from March 14 to
June 18, 1907, at which latter date he was
elected Senator, as a member of the Inland
Waterways Committee. To meet certain ex-
penses incurred by him the Senate added
an item of $1,875 to the Urgent Deficiency
bill, and in this the House conferees refuse
toconcur. Stating the matter to the House

TAPT WINS OHIO DELEGATION

WILL GO INTO CONVENTION WITH
ALL THE STATE'S 46 VOTES.

 

 

Feraker Men Offered Opposition in Only
Twe Counties and They Were Be-
feated There—Primaries in Thirty-
twe Counties of the Eighty-cight.

Cotomsve, Ohio, Feb. 11.—Ohio Re-
publicans to-day, in State wide primaries
called to determine the choice of the party
as between the Presidential aspirations of
Secretary of War W. H. Taft and Senator
J. B. Foraker, named Taft State convention
delegates from every county in the State,
including Knox county, where the For-
aker lieutenants disobe yed their chief's in-
junction to ignore primaries and put up a
list of State convention delegate candidates
in opposition to the Taft list. The count of
votes in that county decided that Taft dele-
gates will be in absolute control, without a
dissenting vote, of the State convention on
Maroh 3 and 4.

Primaries were held in thirty-two coun-
ties, election boards in the other fifty-six

certifying the State convention delegate
lists of the Taft managers as elected with-
out opposition and without a primary,
under a ruling of the Republican State
central committee permitting this pro-
cedure where only one delegate list was
filed. In only two counties were there
contests for State convention delegates—
iu Knox by Foraker men and in Lucas by
Taft Republicans, who are opposed to
Walter Brown, Republican State chairman
and so-called boss of Lucas county, who
named the regular delegate ticket which
appeared under the name of Taft.

The independents, seeking by defeating
this delegation to oust Brown from power,
entered Capt. John Craig, a rich ship-
builder, for the Presidency, and entered
a delegate list under his name with the
understanding that the votes of the Craig
delegation would go to Taft if the Craig
men won, The vote was heavy in Toledo
and nearby towns, and early indications
show a hard fight, with the probability
of a victory for Brown.

In six of the eleven Congress districts
which held primaries for the selection of
convention delegates or direct nomination
of candidates the Taft men won, and later
primaries undoubtedly will give them all.

In Cuyahoga county, where the Foraker
fight centred, independent primaries, the
ousting by the election board of the pro-
Taft Republican committee and conducting
of pro-Foraker committee primaries, two
coups planned by a. men were foiled
by the decision of Supreme Court here
this morning, just as the primaries started
That body refused to enjoin the Cuyahoga
election board from conduoting pro-Taft
primaries, affirming the lower but dodgihg
cisions in the fight for control, but
those courts’ dedisions that thé ‘election
eee it meal eueuaee de teed oe
party committee by ruling only the pro-
Taft body to be legal. This foiled the
ousting of the Taft body.

The Foraker men concentrated their
fight in the Twenty-first Congress district,
which is in Cleveland, seeking to name anti-
Burton and anti-Taft Congress convention
delegates to split the national convention
delegation of Taft. In this Foraker was
defeated at the polls, whioh insures Taft
forty-six votes from Ohio, the solid delega-
tion in the Chicago convention.

Co.umsvs, Ohio, Feb. 11.—Secretary
Taft's manager, A. I. Vorys, to-night issued
the following statement:

“Ohio is for Taft. The result at the
primaries to-day completes the demon-
stration.

Every county, except one with
seven delegates, now has selected its dele-
gates to the State convention. Every county
has selected Taft delegates. The State
convention will be unanimous for Taft, for
every one of the 815 delegates is for and ia
instructed for Taft. This unanimity also
demonstrates that every one of the forty-
six delegates to the national convention
will be for Taft.”

Mr. Tawney said that the committee had
been appointed by the President without
authority of law.

The House also refused to concur in the
Senate amendment appropriating $60,000
for the trial of Hyde and Benson, alleged
land fraud conspirators, scheduled to take
place in the District of Columbia. The

better tried at home, California, and that
a trial here would probably result in a waste
of public funds.

REPRIMAND FOR NAVY BOUT.

Department Rebukes Commander for Allow.
ing Fight In Which Seaman Was Killed.
Wasuinaton, Feb. 11.—-The Navy De-
partment has sent a letter to the com-
manding officer of the training ship Cum-
berland at Newport, R. I., criticising his
action in allowing two apprentice sea-
men to indulge in a fiat fight to settle a
dispute, which resulted in the death of one
of the contestants.
The accident occurred on January 14
last on board the Cumberland at the train-
A rumor spread on the Bourse that he ; ing station at Newport. Apprentice Sea-
had visited President Falliéres, whereupon | ™an H. A. Hartnett of Philadelphia, who
the prices of stocks immediately rose, | ¥8 acting master at arms on the Cumber-
The report, however, was untrue. land, became involved in an argument
The Prince started for Berlin at 2 o'clock { With Seaman Apprentice B. M. Manning
this afternoon. He said he regretted he | Of Middleboro, N. Y.. and after supper
could not stay longer. It is believed that | 2 boxing match to settle the dispute was
it was his intention to prolong his visit, | 4™ranged.
but that he was frustrated by the Kaiser's Surgeons were at the ringside and soft
emphatic veto. The Kaiser is said to have | regulation gloves were used. The fight
been anxious lest some patriotic fanatic | eae — ae. when ,
toave Sedan u his son's person. a sw jow on Hartnett’s jaw.
- aa ser Hartnett went down unconscious. He
failed to revive and was removed to the

 

KAISER ORDERS PRINCE HOME,

Stay of Eitel Fritz in Paris Cut Shert

—Didn't Visit Fallieres.

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Papis, Feb. 11.—Prince Eitel Friedrich,
second son of the Kaiser, who represented
his father at the funeral of King Carlos
and Crown Prince Luiz, and who stopped
here on his way back to Berlin, spent the
morning in sightseeing. Among the places

he visited was Napoleon's tomb.

or esse eS SSS SSS Ss SSS SS

 

SHIP BEAT ION DON “STANDARD”

4 wikewt’ seguiaeg codsciouspios Aa ie”

w ou ousness -

By Captering at oe 8 News Bulletin From tion which was ordered by the com-

we. t of the training station showed

* Things were dull on Sunday aboard the oe er por precaution to prevent
. | accident was

Ber Gorman lied stamtip Snes Jin his letter Secretary Metcalf said that

prinzessin Cecilie when she was 1,600 miles ent believed in encourag-

west, of the Poldhu Marconi station on E Ing lngiimat athletic imports he believed

the English coast and not near commanding of the Cum-

hovland made an RS of judgment when
he allowed two ae aan to settle
a dispute with bo

enough
to Cape Cod to have a chat with the Ameri-
can operator. The Kronprinzessin’s expert
at the wireless receiver was on the alert,

 

expecting at _ any moment to hear f

fae Coe wn id on, but } he did grab OHIO TRUST INDICTMENTS VOID.
mone . o on Samoan

dressed to the L : from its | Supreme Court Helds Charges Against
coerenpenases A 4 Onewe. ng Be Bridge Trust te Be Indefinite,

gossi as free to anybody wh« Cotumsvs, Ohio, Feb. 11.—The Supreme
| Operator took it the Kronprinzessin’s | Court to-day declared void all the indict-

recei om by the shi oor .—
was iv ‘® paper, the
P’ pe

Ottawa 80 werds Standard London. British
Columbia Legislature has amended Natal
act by making it apply Japanese and Chinese,
which means act will directly crush Dominion
and Imperial igterests and require be dis-
allowed if it received assent and is forwarded.

z '
——— ee

ments brought against the bridge trust
in Ohio.

The indictments which were brought in
Erie county and‘ which, charged violation
of the State anti-trust laws were held to be
defective by the Court in affirming the de-
cision of the Erie County Cirouit Court in
the Hughes and Webster cases.

The indictments are hejd to be illegal on
the ground of indefiniteness, in that they
simply charge that the parties were en-
gaged in a conspiracy in restraint of trade

i ees a a a A

 

j Y 12, 1908,—conron, 1908, by he Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

PRICE TWO ¢€

 

 

ONLY.

CARS FOR WOMEN

ieadean County Council's Plan te Meet
Rush Hour Abases.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sux.

- Lonpon,. Feb. .11.—-The County Council

proposes the experiment of running a cer-
tain number of tram cars for women only
during the rdah hours in the morning. The
fisros struggle among the passengers at
the suburban termini has long been a
scandal.
Women and girls have to wrestie with
men and boys to secure places in the cars
on their way to work. They often sustain
injuries and have their clothing torn.

WANT RIDGELY TO HEAD BANK.

Belteved in Kansas City That He Will Ac-
cept Presidency of Commerce National.
Kansas City, Feb. 11.—The Séar prints
the following to-night:

“William B. Ridgely, Comptroller of the
Currency, is to be president of the new
National Bank of Commerce. This has
been decided as definitely as it can be de-
cided without’ the formal election by a
board of directors.

“These directors are to be elected next
Saturday at a meeting of stockholders.
Seven Kansas City men already have been
chosen.

“D. R. Francis, chairman of the organiza-
tion committee, is in Washington to-day
to confer with the Comptroller. While
Mr. Ridgely has not announced his resigna-
tion in Washington, it is known that he has
decided in favor of the. Kansas City offer.

WAKE UP SLOWLY.

Quick Change Frem Bed te Bath May End
in Madness,

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Scx.
Panis, Feb. 11.—The French Academy
of Sciences listened sympathetically to-day
to an addrees by Dr. Savary, who warned
his hearers against the dangers of rising
immediately upon awakening from sleep.
He eaid the strenuous business man who
bolts out of bed to his bathtub the moment
he opens his eyes in the morning renders
himself liable to a number of ailments,
including madness.

It was absolutely necessary, Dr. Savary
declared, to rest wakefully in bed for twenty
minutes before getting up.

BANQUET TURNED TO CHARITY,

Westinghouse Foremen to Give 81,000 to
Men Out of Employment.
Pirrssvrne, Feb. 11.—For the first time
in many years the Foremen’s Association
of the Westinghouse Electric and Manu-
facturing Company will not hold its annual
banquet on February 27.

All arrangements had been made, but
because of the many men out of work ‘the
foremen to-day decided to declare the
banquet off and to devote the thousand dol-
lara to have been spent on the dinner to
charity. The association is composed of
280 foremen employed at the big plant.

MRS, M’DONALD NOT GUILTY.

Chleage Court Cheers ef
Crowd . somes

Curcaco, Feb. 11.—Mrs. Dora MoDonald,
widow of the former gambling king, Michael
C.. MoBonald, was declared not guilty of
the murder of her artist suitor, Webster
Guerin, by a jury in Judge Brentano's court
to-night.

Great excitement followed the reading
of the verdict, and despite the scores of
deputy sheriffs in the court room the crowd
gave vent to ite feelings through loud
cheers. Before order had been restored
many of Mrs. McDonald's friends had
hurried to her side to offer congratulations.

A.G. VANDERRILT MU ST PAY £1,250

Automobile Builder Gets a Verdict for Car
That Didn't Break Recorids.
Francois Richard, the French automobile
expert who sued Alfred G. Vanderbilt in
the Supreme Court for $5,000 for the bal-
ance of a bill rendered by Richard for con-
atructing what was to have been a record
breaking auto, got a verdict yesterday for
$1,250.

Richard tratified that Vanderbilt em-
ployed him to construct a machine that
would break the record held by his cousin,
W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., of a mile in thirty-nine
seconds. Richard built an eight cylinder
affair that refused to work when taken
ddwn to Florida, though it did fairly well
afterward. Richard said that the total
expense of building the machine, in addi-
tion to his yearly salary of $5,000, was almost
$25,000, but Vanderbilt refused to pay any
more after he had spent about $19,000 on
various items.

Richara didn't seem satisfied with the
verdict,

NO GUILLOTINE FOR MONACO.

Mme. Vere St. Leger Goold’s Death Sen-
tence Commuted te Life Imprisonment.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Monaco, Feb. 11.—The sentence of death
lately passed on Mme. Vere St. Leger Goold
for the murder of Emma Levin has been
commuted to penal servitude for life.

Vere St. Leger Goold and his wife, Viodet,
were found guilty at Monte Carlo of murder-
ing Emma Levin, a wealthy woman, after
naa tured her to = and robbed
her of valuable jewel ked her
diemarabered body ted trunh Godebt it

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to Marseilles, where the trunk was found
in their ba, Mrs. es. who was
believed to ve planned murder,

was originally sentenced to be ye ne
and her husband got off with life im rison-
ment. For the reason that n

 

ALL CONGRATULATE MURPHY

tion with Mayor M

President the of
Aldermen ded. On the dais with
him were thirteen Su - seust fs ge
and oley, oO °
Delanfe Jaius Hl Mayer, Gen James B.
O’ Beirne and the Rev. H. O'Dwyer.

Gen. O'Beirne, who was vost marshal
in Washington when Li In was assassi-

 

. *
ci colsbroee Lincoln's Hundred bi ja
next year. A ttee e be appointed

MORE MORSE INDICTMENTS

U. 8. MARSHAL LIKELY TO MEET
THE EX-BANKER DOWN THE BAY.
Federal Grand Jury Brings Forth Fruite
—Maybe E. BR. Thomas Will Appear as
an Accuser—Heinze Notified to Take Up
His National Bank of America Loans.

United States Marshal William Henkel
instead of District Attorney Jerome's de-
teotives is likely to get the first chance
at Charles W. Morse down the bay upoa
his homecoming on the Etruria next Suaday.
It is understood that several indictments
have already been ordered by the Federal
Grand Jury, which has been investigating
Mr. Morese’s hanking affairs. Two of these
indictments are said to be for overcertifi-
cation, which was the offence for which
F. Augustus Heinze was indicted, and
a third for misappropriation of funds.
The indictment of another man who was
concerned with Morse in some of his trans-
actions is expected.

Nearly all of the transactions which. the
Federal Grand Jury has investigated coa-
cern the National Bank of North America,
which was controlled by Morse and of
which he was vice-president.

The charge of misappropriation of funds,
it is understood, is based on « transaction
which took place between Mr. Morse and

 

 

Bank of North
in Mr, Heinge’s
Curtis’s under-
would have funds

E

Morse when he out the}
Ouver ®. Pagist Shedal s United

States Attorney-General, who is the Fetleral
expert on ta, was in this city
a cofff&rence with Dis-

former Assistant United States Attorney-
General, has been retained in the banking
cases, but he declined yesterday to say
whether he was to appear for the Govern-
ment or for some defendant.

If things that happened at District At-
torney Jerome's office yesterday indicate
anything it is that E. R. Thomas has de-
cided to disclose, whether reluctantly or
otherwise, much of the detail of his financial
relations with Charles W. Morse. There
is also ground for the belief that Mr. Morse, -
who was indicted on Monday on two charges
of larceny, may find himself in further
trouble before the special January Grand
Jury of this county is through with its
investigation of banking cases.

E. R. Thomas, with his counsel, John M.
Davy of Rocheste?, went to the District
Attorney's office about 3 o’clock yesterday
afternoon. Farlier in the day Judge Davy,
who is a friend of Mr. Jerome, had had
a talk with Assistant District Attorney
Krosel, who is helping Mr. Jerome on the
banking cases. Justice Davy returned
with Mr. Thomas and Mr. Jerome was wait-
ing for them. :

When Mr. Thomas was called as a wit-
ness before the special Grand Jury in its
investigation of the management of the
funds of the Provident Savings Life As-
surance Society, under the control of E.

| R. and O. F. Thomas, he was accompanied

to the District Attorney's office by Edward
Lauterbach. But within the last few
days Judge Davy has turned up as Mr.
Thomas’s counsel.

Mr. Thomas, Judge Davy, Mr. Jerome
and Mr. Kresel talked in Mr. Jerome's
private office for a long time. Then Mr.
Jerome left Mr. Thomas and Judge Davy
together in his office and went down stairs
to the Supreme Court, Criminal Branch,
where he saw Justice Dowling, to whom
the special Grand Jury reports. When Mr.
Jerome returned to his office there was
another confab with Mr. Thomas and his
counsel, and Assistant District Attorney
Perkins, who has been in charge of Grand
Juries for years, was called in, At 5:30 o'olock
Mr. Thomas and Judge Davy started out
of the building. About the same time
Justice Dowling appeared at Mr. Jerome's
office and Mr. Jerome went out with him.
The two parties met in the hall and Went
to a nearby restaurant, where they sat
and talked for some time.

The Grand Jury is not through with its
investigation of the Provident Savings
Lifg Assurance Society. Both Mr. Thomas
and Mr. Morse have been witnesses more
than once. One of the things the Grand
Jury has been looking into is the report
made by E. E. Rittenhouse, the Colorado
Commissioner of Insurance sent here to in-
vestigate the company, who said that the
Thomases had sold gilt edge securities of
the company to their own brokers and de-
posited the proceeds, amounting to nearly
$1,000,000, in eight of the Thomas-Heinze-
Morse banks. Both men were questioned
about the sale of these securities and why
the money was d@posited in the banks of
the combination. .

It was said yesterday that the Grand
Jury was very much dissatisfied with an
explanation made by Mr. Morse of a loan
made by the National Bank of North
America to Mr. Thomas. The loan was
made when Alfred H. Curtis was president
of the bank and Mr. Morse vice-president.
The first time Mr. Morse was before the
Grand Jury he said he knew nothing about
the joan; it had been arranged between Mr
Thomas and Mr. Curtis. Then, after a
little trouble, Mr. Curtis was summoned as
a witness He is anid to have contradicted
Mr. Morse, saying that Mr. Morse knew all