plated, as was intimated in Tas Sum of
Monday.
Having read in local papers that

the manufacturers sottle-
ment that would be a triumph for the Amal-

as they are called, that it had before.

It was learned to-day that tn all proba-
bility the manufacturers are not willing
to concede to the strikers the four steel
hoop mills, three in Pittsburg and one in
Monessen, that had been considered non-
union, but demonstrated they were organ-

fuse to sign the Amalgamated scales for
them.

In brief, the strikers will lose the Salts-
burg and Old Meadow sheet steel mills,
which the manufacturers once offered them,
but which the manufacturers will retain,
the men in them having refused to join
the strike, besides losing the four steel
hoop mills, which they gained from the
manufacturers. According to the latest
developments to-day, the interview printed
in Monday’s Sun, practically stating that
the acceptance of Morgan's terms meant
a settlement on the basis existing before
the strike, was strictly correct.

Reports to-day say that the members of
the Amalgamated Executive Board are in
a state of wonder over Schaffer's attitude.
The incorporation in the rules of the asso-
ciation of a provision that the manufac-
turers must sign the union scale for al}
their mills, union and non-union, was
Shaffer's work; the bringing on of the strike
to enforce that rule was Shaffer's work,
and now the strikers cannot understand
how he can be willing to break the rule
that he created and end in defeat the strike
that he caused.

The feeling is the more bitter, because
every member of the Amalgamated Asso-
ciation knows that had it not been for
Shaffer's insistence on impossible terms
there would have been no strike at all and
the association would still be strong. They
all realize that if the American Steel Hoop
Company, the American Sheet Steel Com-
pany and the American Tin Plate Com-
pany are permitted to have non-union
men in union mills the Republic Iron and
Steel Company, which has none but union
mills, will probably demand the same
terms when the present wage scale ex-
pires.

All that could be obtained from Shaffer
to-day was the following statement:

“I can say that the meeting has adjourned
till to-morrow’morning. There will be no
statement made by me until the Executive
Board either accepts or rejects the propo-
sition offered. The Board will continue
the work to-morrow.”

In the meantime the strikers are as vigi-
lant as ever in picketing the non-union mills
of the three companies, and the companies
are making repairs and are ready to make
concerted efforts to resume work at the
idle mills, whether the strike be called off
or be continued. While there is spirited
objection to sett !'ng the strike on Morgan's
terms from various members of the Amal-
gamated Association's Executive Board,
for the various reasons given, and though
the members of the association generally
would reluctantly accept such a termina-
tion, this does not mean that the strike
will continue.

Under the rules of the association the
President and the Secretary can be au-
thorized by the Executive Board to end any
strike, and it is likely that Shaffer and
Secretary Williams will receive the board's
instructions to accept the manufacturers’
terms, although efforts will first be made
to secure modifications of the terms. Some
members of the board were not satisfied
with Shaffer’s actions in bringing on the
strike, but rather than disrupt the associa-
tion by continuing the fight, they may be
willing to accept defeat and end the con-
teat.

The Executive Board of the Amalgamated
association went into session at 9:30 A. M.
and discussed the Morgan ultimatum until

12:30 P. M., when adjournment was taken
for luncheon. The session was resumed
at 240 P. M. and continued until 6 P. M
and adjourned until to-morrow morning.

Strict secrecy was observed during the
deliberations. The board room is separated
from the front office by another room,
which was kept clear of occupants. An

unused door opens from the board room.

into the hall of the Bissell block, the build-
ing in which the Amalgamated headquarters
is, and before this door a minor official was
posted,

He became uneasy when anybody lin-
gered near the door and several times per-
sons were requested to move on. Through
the door the voices of the Executive Board
members cowld often be heard in violent
protestation. Snatches of remark like
*If we accept that we shall be worse off
than before the strike"; “The men will
never agree to that”; “We'll lose privileges
that we've had for years,” were frequently
audible. Shaffer was often spoken to by
name. He appeared, from the remarks
that could be overheard, to be recom-
toending the acceptance of some terms,
and there was a chorus of approval when
when somebody said: ‘You'll never be

i

ela
G vite
S asege

f

working in some of the mills that are on
strike, the Wellsville mill, for instance.

The afternoon session of the Amalgamated
Executive Board was quieter than that of the
morning. Whether Shaffer had succeeded
in impressing upon his fellow members the
advisability of accepting the trust's terms
ia not known, but at any rate the remon-
strances of the morning were not heard.

McKegsport, Pa., July 80.—Gathered
about the telegraph, telephone and news-
paper offices to-night are thousands of
workingmen, all of them vitally interested
in the outcome of the conferences which
has been on all day among the Amalga-
mated officers in Pittsburg. The strike
leaders in this city are perfectly satisfied
that a division has arisen among the Ad-
visory Board. They are not expecting
a settlement to-night and do not look for
one for several days.

 

CORNELL STUDENT DROWNSD.

Percy Prector, Jr., Son of the Cincinnati Seap
Manafacturer, Lost in Cayuga Lake.

Irmaca, N. Y., July 30.—It is now con-
sidered pretty certain that Percy Proctor,
Jr., the Cornell student and son of the Cin-
cinnati soap manufacturer, was drowned
in Cayuga Lake last Saturday. William
H. Smith, son-in-law of Mrs. Catherine
Mattison, with whom young Proctor stayed,
went this afternoon to the scene of the
accident and identified the clothing found
on the bank as the boy’s. The body has
not been recovered.

Proctor had just completed a two year’s
course in agriculture, taken so that he might
properly manage his father’s large estate
at Oakland, Md., where the family have a
summer home. He was taking work in
the summer echool to prepare for the arts
department. Proctor’s family are expected
td-morrow.

Proctor left here on his wheel, intending
to spend Sunday with friends in Taughan-
nock Falls. He stopped on the lake shore
and went for a swim. Apparently, he got
into deep water before he knew it or was
taken with cramps.

 

 

NEW RULES FOR CENTRAL'S TUNNEL.

Trainmen Ordered to Give Special Attention
to Ventilation.

Waits Piarns, July 90.—Sinee the Grand
Jury began investigating the Park avenue
tunnel the New York Central Railroad of-
ficials have been unusually active, and
sweeping orders have been issued to the
conductors and trainmen to do everything
in their power to relieve the bad conditions
while the trains are passing through the
subway. The Harlem Railroad issued a
notice to-day through Trainmaster Van
Tassel which now keeps the trainmen
busy and means an improvement in their
service for the benefit of the commuters,
Among its many provisions are the fol-
lowing: “Special attention must be given
to ventilation. While cars are standing
in Grand Central Station, windows must
be opened and gas turned down to lowest
point. Gas when used in tunnel must be
at half preegire only. Coach doors must
be opened Immediately upon emerging
from tunnel. Trains using main tunnel
need not have win dows closed, if free from
gas and smoke. Ventilators need not be
closed.”

 

SHOULDER DISLOCATED 49 TIMES.

As the Result of 42 Falls Following 42
Attacks of Angina Pectortis.

George Slate of 868 Lexington avenue,
while dining with a friend at Seegert's
restaurant on Lexington avenue near
Fifty-ninth street on Sunday night, was
seized with an attack of angina pectoris.
In falling to the floor he dislocated his left
shoulder joint. He was taken to the office
of Dr. P. D. Riordan at 724 Lexington
avenue, where the dislocation was reduced.

Mr. Slate, who is leas than 30 years of
age and is an advertising agent, told Dr.
Riordan that he had had no less then forty-
two similar attacks, and that every time
he had fallen his shoulder had been dis-
located, and that each time the doctors
had given him ether.

He said that in Philadelphia he was told
by the doctors who attended him that he
had probably been under the influence of
ether more times than any man living—
at least, he said, they had never heard
of a record to compare with his.

 

BIG BABBOON AT LARGE.

Escaped From His Cage Between Bridgeport
and Derby.

Briporport, Conn, July 380.—A_ big
babboon is at large in this vicinity, having
escaped from his cage at Pine Rock Park
between this city and Derby yesterday
and a posse of men with dogs is in search
of the animal. The animal vscaped by forc-
ing aside a portion of a high close woven
wire fence which surrounded the cage.

WOULD MARRY LUCKY GIRL:

 

WINNER IN THE GOVERNMENT LAND
LOTTERY: GETS MANY OFFERS.

 

She Learns From Washington That She Will
Lese Her Farm if She Weds—Man She Is
Engaged to and Man She Isn't —Drowing
for Homestoads Continued Before a Crowd

Eu Reno, July 30.—The drawing for
homesteads in the Kiowa and Comanche
reservations continued to-day The scenes
about the lottery platform were a repe-
tition of those of yesterday, but during
the night and early morning the crowd
had been swelled by several thousand
eager people, who had flocked to the town
in prairie schooners or on trains. Many
slept again upon the hillsides around the
wheels of fortune to be on hand early.
Others came from uptown at the first break
of day and secured positions as close to the
platform as possible. When the second
day's drawing began it was estimated that
over $0,000 persons were on hand.

It was decided to draw 2,000 names from
the wheels to-day, 1,000 each from the
El Reno and the Lawton land districts.
The drawing was started promptly and
the envelopes were taken from the wheels
at a rapid rate,

Miss Mattie Beal, who drew the second
prize in the Lawton district, has been be-
sieged all day with proposals of marriage.
She wired to friends in Washington to see if
she could marry her sweetheart, Ernest Dill,
@ street car conductor of this city, and still
hold her land. She was informed to-night
hat if she married she would forfeit all
rights to her farm, She left to-night for
Oklahoma.

Miss Minerva McClintock of Oklahoma
City, who drew No. 18 in the El Reno district,
married G. W. Turner at Oklahoma City on
Sunday She was notified to-day that she
would loge her farm, which was worth
$15,000,

Kansas City, Kan., July 80.—Charles
V. Akerland, head porter in the Savoy
Hotel here, is not quite sure whether he
has been lucky in the land lottery or not.
He says he is engaged to Miss Martha H.
Beal of Wichita, who drew No. 2 home-
stead in the Lawton district, a prize esti-
mated to be worth $25,000. Miss Beal used
to be a telephone girl here. Two months
ago she went to her home in Wichita, and
ia now on the “central” board there. This
morning Akerland wrote to Miss Beal at
Wichita, Kan., but apparently a great
disappointment is in store for him.

A despatch received to-day says Miss
Beal denies that she is engaged to Akerland
and will not marry any one until after she
has proved up her claim.

HOMESTEAD WINNERS CAN'T SELL OUT.

Secretary Hitchcock Tells of Plans te Enforce
the Law.

Wasninoton, July 30.—Secretary of the
Interior Hitchcock is very indignant over
the statements to the effect that the persons
who drew the first choices in the El Reno
and Lawton districts of the Indian lands
recently thrown open for settlement were
preparing to sell their claims to the highest
bidders and that the officers of the general
land office would not be able to enforce the
provisions of the Homestead law against
such transfers.

Secretary Hitchcock said that on pre-
vious occasions, when lands were thrown
open for settlement, it may have been pos-
sibie that such transfers were made, owing
to a lack of proper registration facilities
The introduction of the new system of
allotment and the care that has been ex-
ercised on this occasion in keeping the
orn would qmeemvey provers any wash

nd juggli y speculators @ poin
out eee ee of the Homestead law,
five years must elapse between the taking
out of a title by a settler and the perfection
of the title and payment of the final fes.
During the interval the settler must live
upon and improve his property, and any
transfer of bis rights before the expiration
of the five-year limit would invalidate the
title to his claim

It would be absolutely impossible, Mr
Hitchcock says, for land speculators and
boomers to evade the law ina single instance
at the present opening, owing to the detailed
accuracy of the methods of registration
and allotment

BRIDE DANCED HERSELF TO DEATH.

Fatal End to the Celebration of a Polish
Wedding.

McKeesport, Pa, July 30.--Mrs. Anna
Brudowicz, 22 years old, and a bride of
twenty-four hours, danced herself to death
at her wedding feast here to-day. She

was married yesterday morning to John
Brudowicz, one of the leaders in the Polish
settlement

The celebration of a Polish wedding
usually lasts several days. This was
aecheduled to occupy the remainder of this
week. It is customary at these celebra-
tions for every male guest to dance with
the bride, which honor costs the guest $1
In this way several hundred dollars are
usually raised to pay for the celebration
and help the newly married pair start
housekeeping. The dance is a wild whirl
about the hall in which the festivities are
held, and the bride is passed from one man
to another as rapidly as the round of the
room is a.

Mrs. Brudewicz had finished the ninety-
fourth round of the room with as many
different guesta when the company was
called to wupeer. The bride complained
of feeling sick and almost immediately
dropped o¥er in a faint and died before
medical assistance could reach her. Phy-
siciana stated that death was due to heat
prostration caused by over exertion.

The young husband is almost crazed over
the death of his bride, and is being closely
watched to prevent him from committing
suicide.

COMMEMORATES

Monument Dedicated on Site of Indian Massacre
in Deerfield.

DEERFIELD, Maas., July 30.—A party of
“Old Home Week” visitors had a very en-
joyable pilgrimage over historic Indian
war ground to-day and dedicated a monu-
ment at the scene of “The Bars Fight” in
1605.

The monument was the gift of James W.
Barnard of Boston, whose ancestor, Joseph
Barnard, with others, was ambushed by
Indians and killed at the spot where the
memorial stands. The date of the fight
was Aug. 21,1605. At the monument a poem
by Mrs. Elizabeth W, Champney of Deer-
field was read, and William Lambert Bar-
nard of Boston made a short address.
From this spot the party proceeded to the
Bloody Brook monument at South Deer-
field, where on Sept. 38, 1675, the whites
were ambushed by Indians and sixty or
seventy of them were killed; and to the
spot in Whately, where occurred the first
encounter between the whites and the
Indians in the Connecticut Valley.

 

“THE BARS FIGHT."

Absolutely without an equal the Cold  Cure—
JAYNE'S EXPECTORANT,—Adq

a

BALDWIN SAILS FOR THE POLE.

Gees North From Vardéeo and Feels Sure His
Plan Is the Right One.
Special Cable Deapatch to TUR SUN.

Lowpon, July 81.—A despatch to the
Chronicle from Vardoe says that the Arctic
exploring ship America, with Mr Evelyn
Baldwin, leader of the Baldwin-Ziegler
expedition, on board, sailed thence this
evening.

Everything was looking first-class.
There are 436 dogs and 16 ponies aboard.
The veasel’s course was shaped for Cape
Flora, where Mr. Baldwin hopes to join
the Frithjof and Belgica, the other two
vessels of the expedition, which left a week

 

ago.

Mr. Baldwin intends to push as far north
as possible and establish winter quarters.
He will then act according to circum-
stances. Almost his last words to the
correspondent were that he was sure his
plan was the right one, and that if he does
not succeed it will not be for want of push-
ing.

“DAILY MAIL" CASE DEBATED.

Motion te Bring the Editer Before the Heuse
of Commons Rejected.
Spectal Cable Deopatch to THE SUN.

Lonpor, July 80.—In the House of Com-
mons this afternoon John Gordon Swift
MacNeill, Irish Nationalist member for
South Donegal, raised a question of priv-
ilege ageinst the London Daily Mail on
the ground that that paper's article at-
tacking the War Office for withholding
official despatches from that journal be-
cause of the Daily Mail's disclosure of
official secrets amounted to calling Seore-
tary for War Brodrick a “public liar.” Mr.
MacNeill wished the editor arraigned for
a breach of privilege in order to give him
an opportunity of proving his case.

John Dillon, Irish Nationalist member
for East Mayo, seconded the motion.

Secretary for War Brodrick that
the Daily Mail had disclosed obviously
secret documenta which the editors of two
other papers had in their hands four or
five days previously and had showed to
him but had patriotically decided not to
print them. 7

The Rt. Hon. A. J, Balfour, the Govern-
ment leader, declared passionately that no
member required his honor cleared less than
Secretary Brodrick.

Mr. MacNeill moved that the editor be
called to the bar of the House. Lost, yeas,
122; nays, 222.

ANOTHER IRISH M. P. SUSPENDED.

Referred to the ‘‘Biackguardly Condect of
Irish Judges."'
Special Cable Despaich to TuR SUN,

Lonpon, July 90.—In the House of Com-
mons this afternoon James John O'Shee,
Irish Nationalist member for Weat Water-
ford and Honorary Secretary of the Irish
Land and Labor Association, was sus-
pended for referring to “blackguardly
conduct of Irish Judges.”

The trouble was caused by Mr. A. J.
Balfour’s refusal to grant facilities for
the discussion of the conduct of Lord
O’Brien, Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.
Mr. O’Shee then asked: “How long must
this judicial blackguardism be tolerated?”

The Speaker asked Mr. O'Shee to with-
draw the words. There were shouts from
the Irish benches of “Don't!” “Police!”

Mr. O’Shee hesitated for a moment and
then refused. The Speaker then named
him and Mr. Balfour moved his suspension.
This was ca by 258 to 50.

Mr. O’Shee withdrew, saying, “My re-
marks were perfectly justifiable.°

 

 

TITLE TO PHILIPPINE LANDS.

 

Government Wins in the Mariveles Quarrics
Case.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

MANILA, July 30.—Attorney-General Wil-
fley has decided the Mariveles stone quar-
ries case in favor of the Government. This
is reassuring to contractors and means a
difference of hundreds of thousands of
dollars in the building of harbor works.
The case arose through the Aldecoa Com-
pany claiming title to public lands which
the Spanish Government had irregularly
allowed it to possess. The Aldeocoa
Company, it was found, was not entitled
to the property.

This case seems to indicate that the Gov-
ernment will strictly enforce the law in re-
gard to public lands and mines. It is also
likely that many similar cases will be
brought up in the matter of mines, quarries
and other property.

 

GERMAN TROOPS OUT OF PERKIN,

Only Small Legation Guard Left—Whea Will
China Pay First of Indemnity?
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

PEKIN, July 30.—There are only twenty-
five men of a legation guard left of all the
German troops who’ were formerly here,
The last of the Germans left to-day, The
British have not yet left.

One of the foreign Ministers inquired
of Sir Robert Hart, Imperial Commissioner
of Maritime Customs, to-day, if there was
a possibility of China paying a semi-annual
installment on the indemnity of 450,000,000
taela next January. Sir Robert thinks
it will be impossible to make the necessary
changes and secure revenue sufficient to
cover the first payment in less than a period
of three years. The Powers will oppose
any such delay.

Rice tributes are coming here by steam-
boats and railway instead of by canal.
The first lot arrived to-day. One hundred
and thirty trains with over 500 tons of rice
are expected within the next four months.
This is a sign that the Court is to return
to Pekin.

 

CHINA'S WEI-WU-PU.

That's the New Foreign Ofice--Wa Ting-fang
Notified of the Appointments.

WASHINGTON, July 30.--The Chinese Min-
ster, Mr Wu Ting-fang hos received
from Prince Ching, through the Chinese
Minister at Tokio, information that an
Imperial edict was issued on July 24, pro-
viding that the Tsung-li-Yamen be_re-
laced by a board of foreign affairs, *“Wei-
Wu-Pu,” which shall take precedence of
the other six boards. Prince Ching has
been appointed the supervisor of the board;
Wang Wen Shao, now Grand Secretary,
is to be Associate Minister for Foreign
Affairs; Chu Huang Chi is to be President
of the board and Associate Minister for
Foreign Affairs;, and Hsu Shu Peng and
Lien Fang will be respectively Senior and
Junior Vice-Presidents.

Bernett’s Extract of Vanilla
Ia purity and swenog'b pre-em/nently superior, A de,

FREEMASONS BACK A WAR?

SAID TO HAVE SUPPLIED GEN. URIBE
WITH FUNDS.

 

 

The General Has Again Taken the Field Against
the Colombian Geverament, and His Rep-
resentatives Bay Freemasons Here and in
EKurepe Furnished Him the Sinews of War.

Gen. Rafael Uribe Uribe, the hero of

the Colombian rebellion, who slipped away
from this city quite mysteriously a little
more than a month ago, is back in Colombia
and at the head of an insurrectionary force
estimated to number about 15,000. This
announcement, which will prove unwel-
come news to the Government which he
will attempt to overthrow, was made last
night by Dr. A. J. Restrepo, diplomatic
agent of the Liberal party, and Sefor Raoul
Perez, Secretary to Gen. Uribe during the
latter’s etay here. It is further asserted
that his command is supplied with the
most improved pattern of Mauser rife,
purchased abroad by Dr. ‘Restrepo and
trans-shipped from this port as merchan-
dise.
What is perhaps more startling is the
statement that much of the money with
which these elements were secured was
contributed by Freemasons here and in
Europe, who are anxious to rid Colombia
of the Conservative Government which is
unalterably antagonistic to the order and
all othere opposed by the Church. Dr.
Restrepo said that $200,000 was collected
in this country and abroad, and with this
amount at their disposal he is sanguine
that the Liberal party will be victorious.

Gen. Uribe came here last January after
the rebels had nearly exhausted their am-
munition and their cause seemed hopeless.

He agreed with the Colombian Minister
at Washington, Dr. Carlos Martinez Silva,
to issue a manifesto calling on his followers
to quit fighting, in return for which the
Government promised amnesty to the
political prisoners and also to institute
certain reforms, icularl ual rights
at the to all Peioene, whies is ot pres
ent denied to the Liberals. Sefior Perez said
last night that the rebel chief acted with
the utmost sincerity when he iasued this
document, hoping that the lot of his com-

ts might be ameliorated. Col. Abel
urillo, who, as was told in yesterday's
Sun, was dra from the German steamer
Allegheny and cast into prison at Car-
sae was sent to Colombia as the peace
ssary. He was arrested at Barranquilla
on his arrival and imprisoned at Bogota.
Toon Uribe» a by thia treat-
; was
ment of his aide, but still hoped that he
would be set free when he exhibited his
poser from the Minister at Washington.

t he was held prisoner and, as a further ex-
hibition of bad faith, the Government
arrested two brothers of Uribe. jes,
there came occasional stories that the
mers were being subjected
These things deter-

ed po Hie departure oye

was a
secret, and although his. movevcameeqe
closely watched by detectives it was three
weeks before it wasdiscovered that he
. This new outbreak
been planned ona giganticrcale. Be-
sides the 15,000 Mausers bought for it, there
have been sent from the nearby distrib-
ae points 2,000,000 cartridges, three
rapid-fire i and a quantity of other
war material.

News of Gen. Uribe's exact whereabouts
is expected to-day oy the steamer Hildur
from Maracaibo. The opinion prevails
that he has already fought several battles
but if this is 80 the news has been suppressed
by the official censor.

Dr. Restrepo said yesterday in regard
to the interest said to have been taken
in the revolution by members of the Masonio

order:

“Gen. Uribe is a high Mason. Colombia,
because of its domination by the Church
is @ bitter enemy of Masonry. When
this was here and aboard, Gen.
Uribe and I were deluged with offers of
assistance and we accepted them. We
have nearly $200,000 on hand to carry on
the war and we shall use it vigorously,"

Dr. Restrepo said that he purchased
the war supplies in Belgium. The diplo-
matic agent said that the Liberals wished
to warn French-Panama Canal Com-

y that all contracts which it entera
pee with oe Colguaien Goverqenans up

a vi ‘ongress, wi repudi-
ated Chen the Liberals come into power,
A similar warning was the substance of a
letter to President Hutin by Dr. Restrepo,
a ret ago. '

erbert O. Jeffries, who it is said is con-
nected in a military capacity with the
Colombian Government, is in this city.
His mission is reported to be the pure has-
ing of arms and also vessels which can be
converted into gunboats.

[

FE

DR. PFEIFFER'S 30-DAY FAST.

 

He Says His Muscle and Brain Are as Good as
They Were a Month Ago.

Boston, July 30.—Dr. Immanuel Pfeiffer
will end a fast of thirty days to-morrow.
He will not bay his stomach with gruels
and soups and other light foods, but will
surprise it with six or eight boiled eggs,
a half dozen baked potatoes, a quart of
milk, a quart of berries and anything else
in a vegetarian line than strikes his fancy,

An important part of Dr. Pfeiffer’s theory
is that his stomach will accommodate as
large a first meal as his appetite demands;
that his digestive organs are in no wise
harmed, but strengthened by their month's
rest.

By a system of daily tests, Dr. Pfeiffer
has assured himself that every muscle and
all his brain tissue are in as perfect con-
dition as a month ago. He has lost weight,
however, almost at the rate of a pound a
day. He is now twenty-six pounds lighter
than when he started his fast

“I shall never be satisfied,” he said this
morning, “until I have fasted sixty days
without losing weight.”

Dr. Pfeiffer has taken notes of conditions
during the whole period of his fast, and
has found that he loses when he drinks
little water, when he overexerts himself,
or when the heat is excessive, But on
some days, without drinking a large amount
of water, he gains weight.

 

ALLEGED ABRAHAM LINCOLN PISTOL.

Deputy Naval Officer Gourley Declines to Bay
It for $70.

Special Deputy Naval Officer H. W.
Gourley, who in his youth lived in Spring-
field, Ill., close to where Abraham Lincoln
lived, received a letter yesterday from a

man who offered to sell him for $70 an old
revolver which he said had been presented
to him Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Gourley
sent word k that he did not wish to buy.

“It is impossible for me,"said Mr. Gourley
yesterday, “to associate a gun or a pistol
with Abraham Lincoln. I don't believe
he could have hit a barn door ten feet away
with either a revolver or a gun. And I
think he would rather have let a man shoot
him than have shot a man in order to pro-
tect himself " _ “

Rest, reereation and recuperation may be found
at Mygeia Hotel, on the picturesque Virginia Coast,
Eighteen hours by Old Dominion Steamships. Fast
express Walns by Pennsylvauis Rallway,—Ade,

GIVES UP HBR INCOME.

Mrs. Mary Austin Carrell Assists the University
of Virginia.

Boston, July 30.—After April 1, 1902,
the University of Virginia will have $10,000
additional income through the action of
Mrs. Mary Austin Carroll of Boston.

Mrs. Carroll's father, Arthur W. Austin,
‘was a well-known lawyer in this city, who
died on July 26, 1884. At his death, he
left the income of the estate, valued at
about $400,000, to his daughter, Mrs. Carroll,
for life, and then to the University of Vir-
ginia. Mrs. Carroll was anxious to carry
out her father’s desires before her death, 0, ~
through the executors of the Austin estate,
William Endicott, second, and Bently W.
Warren, the income of the entire estate, less

 

$6,000 reserved for herself, has been trans-:|

ferred to the University of Virginia.

SALOON SMASHED-MRS. NATION STYLE.

Mrs. Jane Cottrell Gets to Work With Her Axe
at Vielts, Kansas.

Torrxa, Kan., July 90--A new Mrs.
Nation has appeared in Kansas. Mrs.
Jane Cottrell smashed a saloon at Vieits,
in Washington county last night, breaking
a half dozen large glass windows with an
axe. Several years ago she smashed a
galoon here and since that time has made
numerous threats against the saloons.

She came to town last night, hitched her
horse in front of the “joint,” took an axe
from the buggy and went in. She was in
consultation with the proprietor fully
thirty minutes. Several who came in
stayed to see the smashing. Mrs. Cottrell
wanted the proprietor to remove all the
fixtures, which he refused to do. He gave
the signal to the crowd to get out and the
door was locked. Mrs. Cottrell went out
with the others and at once began chopping.
Five minutes after the smashing business
was resumed at the bar.

Mrs. Cottrell weighs over 200 pounds
and she wielded the are like a veteran.
She defied the officers to arrest her as she
drove back to her farm.

 

 

SHORT-LIVED CORN KING.

 

Phillips of Chicago Complains of Phillips of
6 Wall Street.

Despatches from Chicago yesterday
stated that George H. Phillips, the “Corn
King,” had reported to the postal authori-
ties that circulars purporting to come from
“George H. Phillips, 6 Wall street,” had
been sent through the country asking for
subscriptions to a $2,000,000 deal in Sep-
tember corn,

A man who gave his name as Phillips
hired desk room from John L. Coady, a
real estate broker, at 6 Wall street, last
Friday. He eaid he represented a cement
company in Canada, had only been in the
city a short time and could not give any
references. He paid a month’s rent for
the desk and every morning sent a man
for bis mail. Mr. Coady said last night
that no mail came for him. A package of
literature came one day but as there wore

25 8 on Mr. Coady would not
take it. Mr. Coady says he hasn’t seen
“Phillips” since Friday.

It is said that the postal authorities have
a bundle of circulars signed “George H.
Phillips & Co.,” asking for subscriptions
for carrying another great “May oorn deal
in September corn,”

MRS. SAM COLLINS LOCKED UP.

Wife of the Actor Arrested at Sheepshead Bay
for Intoxication.

Mrs. Samuel Collins, whose stage name is
Minnie Kline and whose husband, Samuel
Collins, appeared two weeks ago in “The
Runaway Girl” at Manhattan Beach, was
locked up at the Sheepshead Bay police
station last night on a charge of intoxication.
She was first seen by a number of people
at the Sheepshead Bay hotels riding in a
carriage up and down Emmet avenue about
10 o'clock, calling loudly for Collins,

Collins was at the Manhattan Beach
Hotel. Somebody went after him, and he
hurried across the boardwalk. He ex-
postulated with her for her behavior, but
that only made her worse, and Detective
Dale arrested her. Her lip was badly cut
and was bleeding.

The Collinses are members of the thea-
trical colony at Elmhurst. Mrs. Collins is
a niece of Maggie Kline.

MURDER AT A CHURCH DOOR

Pastor Chases and Captures the Murderer and
Turns Him Over to the Police.
BrrminoHaM, Ala., July 30.—While last
night's congregation was going out of
Trinity Church in Lamar county, where
a revival is being held, John Yarbrough
and John Cole, two prominent young men
of that community, quarrelled over an
alleged remark made by one of the young
men against a young lady. Yarbrough
pulled a knife and stabbed Cole to death.
Yarbrough jumped on a mule and made
off. The Rey. Moses McGee, who is con-
ducting the services, jumped on another
mule and gave chase. The pastor overtook
Yarbrough after a ride through a rough
section of the country. The young man
was turned over to the authorities by the
pastor and he will be tried for murder.

W. B. CUTTING, JR.'S COUNTRY HOME.

Said to Have Bought Breeze Estate Over-
looking Vanderbilt's Idle Hoar,
Sayvitie, L. IL, July 80.-W. Bayard
Cutting, Jr., according to report, has pur-
chased the Breeze estate at Great River.
The property fronts the Great South Bay
and Great River and commands a fine view
of Idle Hour, the Vanderbilt estate, It is
said that the place is one of the most valu-
able on Long Island. Since they arrived |
from Europe three weeks ago Mr. Cutting
has been spending much time in this sec-
tion and it was rather expected that he |
would settle near here.

 

AALF A MILE OF ICEBERG.

 

The Biggest One Seen This Season by an
Atlantic Crosser.

The British ship Durbridge, which arrived

last night from London in ballast to the
Standard Oil Company, passed off the |
easterly edge of the Banks on July 11 an

iceberg 300 feet high and half a mile long, |

the biggest seen this season by an Atlantic- |

crosser, j

Engage Space in Advance.
The Lake Shore Limited of the New York Cen
tral is running full; it ts necessary to engage space
cays in advance in order to get Just what you want, |

Cleveland, Chicago and St. Louls passengers, please
note, —Ads i;

 
 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

_——— ee ee

 

| FERRYBOAT STRUCK YACHT

 

SAMUBL T. SHAW'S BELLEMERE GETS
4 SIDEWISB THUMP.

 

Five of Her Crew Jamp te the Deck of the
Southampton as the Yacht Reets—#he
Rights and Goes On With Her Starbeard
Rail Smashed —The Ferrybeat Is Laid Of,

The 125-foot steam yacht Bellemere
owned by Samuel T. Shaw of the Granc
Union hotel was struck by the ferryboat
Southampton of the Long Island Railroad
in midstream opposite the James alip ferty-
house yesterday afternoon at 4:26 o'olook.
The Southampton was heading for James
slip. The Bellemere came up the river
on the east shore and tried to pass under
the Soythampton’s bow. The ferryboat
struck her amidships, tilting her over to
port until the port guard rail was almost
under water. Five Swedes of the orew
of the yacht clambered aboard the South-
ampton, After the collision the South-
ampton went straight to her slip. The
Bellemere stopped for a few seconds and
then steamed on up the river, whistling
for tugs, two of which took her in tow.

Mr. Shaw was not on the yacht at the
time. She picked him up at Twenty-fourth
street and went to the Seawanhaka anchor-
age at Oyster Bay under her own steam,
dismissing the tugs. Mr. Shaw said last
night that the Bellemere had been lying
in the lower bay and was coming up the
river to take him on, There were no gueste
aboard at the.time of the accident. His
captain had told him that the ferryboat
disregarded the yacht's signals. The only
damage done to the Bellemere, he sald,
consisted in the carrying away of the rail
and stanchions for several feet on the
starboard side.

Policeman Fred Coombs of the Oak street
station, was on the Southampton. He said
that there were only a few passengers on
the forward deck. There was a strong
flood tide and Capt. Moore of the Southe
ampton, when he saw he was likely to hit
the yacht rang for full speed astern and
gave three sharp blasts of his whistle to
notify the yacht that he couldn’t do any
more to get out of the way. No reply came
from the yacht, the policeman said. When
the boats struck the forward deck of the
Southampton overlapped the yacht tearing
away the brass railing. The yacht righted
herself and after a delay of a few seconds
went on with her whistle blowing. All the
damage that could be seen was that the
rail on the starboard side had been smashed.
Capt. Moore of the Southampton reported
to Supt. Des Anges of the Long Island Rail-
road that the only damage to the South-
ampton was that the iron gates on the
forward deck were broken and twisted. The
police reported that she had broken her
rudder pin. She was laid up for repairs.

Capt. Moore said later that as soon as
he began to turn the Southampton in mid-
stream, to head toward

Mewes ere toni n)
hattan shore, and he signalled that he would
cross the yacht's bows.

“She gave the contrary signal,” said
Capt. Moore, “and I whistled again to let
the yacht’s steersman know I was going
to cross his bows. Again the yacht sig-
nalled that she was going ahead. By that
time the boats were so near together that
a collision was inevitable. I could not
stop the Southampton and we struck the
yacht amidships.”

KILLED ON PICKET DUTY.

Former Cincinnati Man, in British Army fa
South Africa, Shot.

Cincinnati, Ohio, July 30.-W. R. Ware
of Dayton, Ky., representing the Union
Publishing Company, says that his brother,
J. P. Ware, a former Cincinnatian, was
pressed into service in the British army
in South Africa and killed while on picket
duty. The Wares are sons of George C.
Ware, who was at one time a prominent
and wealthy vifegar manufacturer of the
West

Ware was in New Orleans and hired to a
British transport captain as a muleteer,
together with Thomas Burke and several
other Americans. Burke writes that when
they reached Africa they were forced into
the English army and that Ware, who was
hard of hearing, was placed on picket duty,
one night, and shot by a fellow sentinel
because he did not heed the command to
halt which he did hear. Attorney
E. P. Bradstreet has been engaged to press
the claim for damages as redress against
the British Government

HFRE TO-DAY.

not

Gov. ODELL DUE

Is Inspecting State Institutions—May Visit
Senator Platt at the Oriental.
Mrppitetown, N. Y., July 380.—Gov.
Odell reached Middletown at 9:30 o'clock
to-night by special train from Ellenville,

over the Ontario and Western Railroad,
on his tour of inspection of State inst{tue
tions, The Governor and his party toe

day inspected the Binghamton State Hos-
pital, the Soldiers’ Home at Oxford and
the Eastern Reformatory at Napanoch.
To-morrow morning the Governor will
Inspect the Middletown Hospital for Insane,
after which his party will go to New York
city to visit the institutions in an! around
the metropolis

It is expected that Gov, Odell will arrive
in this city some time thie afternoon.
Gov. Odell will spend a couple of days
here and may go down to the Oriental
Hotel, where he will see Senator Platt,
Senators Ellsworth and Higgins and As-
semblymen Keleey and Allds are with
the Governor, and their visit will en-
tirely taken up with the affairs of the in-

stitutions that they will visit,
The inspection of the institutions here
will end*the trip and then the Governor

will go to Lake Mohonk for a week or 80
After he has rested there he may come
back and visit Senator Platt again at the
Oriental Hotel

SAYS CROKER MAKES THE JAWS.
Applicant for Naturalization Papers Will Have
to Try Again.

Generoso Consolazio asked County Judge
Aspinall of Brooklyn yesterday to make

him an American citizen.

“Who makes the laws for New York
State,” asked the Judge

“Richard Croker,” replied the applicant
promptly

“You may be right,” replied the Judge.

'*You may think that Croker makes the
°

laws, but I don't. You are rejected.

Unde be g-B wr

 

ek iop- Hitters.

| Added Wo ice water, refreshes and 6. mulava,—Adyy

wn

=

wed
\s"

‘a
a
{

slip, he
=

ba ati ca see

ros

     

rs