WEATHER FORECAST.
Partly cloudy and colder to-day; to- ;
- morrow fair and colder.

Highest temperature yesterday, 24; lowest, 13.
Detailed weather reports on editorial page.

 

 

 

 

VOL. LXXXVII.—NO. 108.

APARTMENTS T0.
COST $4,000,000
WILL BE BUILT:

Btructure de Tuxe to Be
Erected in Park Avenue
on Leasehold, - |

a

+++

   

Revolution in Motor
Fuel by Alcohol Seen

MIDDLESBOROUGH, England,

Dec. 16,—It is announced
here that a local engineer has
succeeded in extracting com-
mercial alcohol and its derivatives
from coke, It is claimed that if
the process which requires the
use of gas, is applied to all the
coal carbonized in Great Britain
an estimated yield of 50,000,000
gallons of motor spirits will be
obtained annualy, revolutioniz- |:
pe she supply and cost of liquid ||
uel, /

TWO COPS HELD

 

 

FINEST IN THE CITY

 

Louis Sherry Will Pm Res-
taurant—Servant Prob-
lem Is “Solved.”

 

000,000 District Attorney Orders Ar-
rests at Inquiry Into Fur
Robbery in Brooklyn.

TOTAL RENTAL 82

7, Coleman du Pont and Other
Prominent Men Will Have

Quarters There. POLICE £XPOSE IS HINTED ,

SSM ic
| |

 

A sixteen story apartment building, |
to be erected at a cost of $4,000,000 on
land leased for twenty-one years at
an aggregate rental of $2,000,000, is
to occupy the block front on the west

plaint of Victims Told Not
to Talk of Burglary.

 

Speedy Action Follows Com:

} front of a Bronx department
| restored to his mother yesterday. The
' recovery of the child was due to the

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919.—covyrtont, 1919, by the Bun Printing ond Publishing Association

BABY STOLEN IN MONEY KINGS OF |
JULY FOUNDIN U.S. BATTLEFOR) SPLIT WITH WILSON

KNOX PEACE PLAN GAINS S

GRAND CENTRAL

Kidnapper’s Note Said Milk
Cost Forced Wentz
Child’s Return.

“T CAN'T AFFORD HIM”

Identification Established

 

vue Hospital.

IN CRIME PROBE: After Arrival at Belle-

POLICE WERE BAFFLED

Details of Recovery Not Made Americans in London Pay

Clear—Mother “Unable”
to Talk.

 

Arthur Philip Wentz, stolen July

27 from a baby “parking place” in
store, was

side of Park avenue from Forty-ninth; The possibility that modern loft (ot nigh price of milk, the kid-

to Fiftieth street. According to an ‘burglary methods include the cooper-

napper confessing in a note that he

announcement yesterday by Douglas ation of policemen and that the theft couldnt afford to keep the baby longer.

L. Elliman & Co, the building {s to of furs worth between $12,000 and $20,- |

!

Through the work of Mrs. Grace

provide apartments for members of 000 from the storage house of Starubin Humiston and detectives who have

the syndicate of buyers, which in-'& Dubin, wholesale furriers, at 715
cludes T. Coleman du Pont, Dallas . Herkimer street, Brooklyn, November
Bache Pratt, Benjamin McAlpin, Ar- | 80, may lead to an exposé of a new

been employed by persons who are
concealing their identity Arthur was
found yesterday afternoon in Bellevue

it _M. system of organized crime develo
thur Coppel, L. L. Dunham and L y Si ped Hospital, walling healthily at the mo-

Boomer, men who have large hotel | yesterday when District Attorney
interests and who propose to have the | Harry E. Lewis, halting an investiga- |
most moderh and duxurious quarters tion that had lasted twenty-four hours,
available. : ordered the arrest of two policemen of
The final details of the sale of the’ the Atlantic avenue station and had
site were completed yesterday, the an- ‘
nouncement from the realty company
being confirmed later by the pur-
chasers. At least one of the group
intends to make his home in the new
building in an apartment of twenty-
elght rooms and ten bathrooms, Other
suites fitted to taste less far reach-|
7 were recovered early yesterday by De-
ing will be _of seventeen rgom$ jintives Dilion and Reardon of Brooklyn
and seven bathrooms, or of smaller police Headquarters, and Assistant Dis-
number still, down to the compara- trict Attorney Conway of Mr. Lewis's
tively ordinary three room and bath | stadt. Their search occupied twelve

grand larceny and burglary. Four
other men accused of being principals
jin the fur robbery are held pending
| the outcome of further investigation.
The furs, rebailed and restamped,

them held on charges of suspicion of,

apartment,

The plans for the building are in the
hands of Warren & Wetmore, architects,
with the construction to be done by
the Thompson Starrett Company, It 1s
to be designed with more eye for luxury
than ever before has been the lot of a
Manhattan apartment building.

Will Be No Servant Problem,

There will be no servant problem.
The house will maintain its cooks, its
serving men and women, butlers, door-
men, chambermalids, valets and what-
ever other functionaries go with the best
appointed places, It will have no res-
teurant worries. Louls Sherry, who not
ao long since gave up hia establishment
at Fifth avenue and Forty-fourth street,
intends to take the ground floor and re-
sume the art of caterer. His wines, un-
fortunately, went into the sale of the
old property.

It is indicated by the size of the
apartment that there will be room for
many others of the associates of the
gyndicate which plans the de luxe
building.
strictions put upon occupancy
announced.

The plans provide for ballrooms, din-
ing rooms, luncheon and tea rooms and
breakfast. rooms. These will be oecu-
pied by the Sherry restaurant. But the
tenants still may have breakfast in bed,
furnished from the kitchens below, or
they may get up for it. Whatever is
new in apartment designing and hag
stood,the test of practical comfort, as
the hetel men have come to know it
from thelr own very practical experi-
ence, will be there for the solid satis-
faction of the tenants. :

Above the restaurant and ballrooms in
the north wing will be small apartments
for bachelors and families. The general
ground plan is for north and south
wings, separated by a courtyard.
land comprises the entire block, with a
depth of 150 feet on Forty-ninth street,
130 feet on Fiftieth street and a front-

Whether there will be re-:
is not |

The:

; hours,

It was learned last night that the
policemen under arrest are Peter Reuger
and Herman Crause. Crause, whose
home is at 432 Enfield street, Brooklyn,
has been in the department fourteen
,years, Reuger bas been a policeman six
and a half years. His home is at 104
Stagg street, Willlamaburg.
| Mr. Lewis said he would not discuss
the investigation or the results that may
be expected unti] It {s completed. He
explained the ; charges against the two
policemen as being ‘only temporary,”
and declared he was chiefly interested
lo the operation of the loft burglar ring
and the men who directed its .peration.

All day his offlee was crowded with
pulicemen and detectives from the At-
lantic avenue station, within the boun-
daries of which is the Starubin &
Dubin firm's loft. Among the police of-
firials who were there were Inspector
Samuel McElroy, commanding the East
New York Inspection District, and Capt.
bstrick Corcoran, who commands the
Atlantic avenue station.

Three of the four men under arrest
for the actual burglary are Samuel
Singer, 107 Ellery street; Philip Brown,
| #55 Clinton street, and Fdward Cannon.
/914 Dean street, Brooklyn. Edward
Werle of 103 Charles street, Manhattan,
arrested three days ago as one of the
bandits who held up the First national
Rank at Roselle, N. J., and escaped
with $8,000 after shooting down a po-
.igveman, also has !wen connected with
the Brooklyn robvery.

’ When the fur firm's storage loft was
entered a watchman who guarded the
place was overpowered and tied up
‘before he could call for help. The
case was reported to’the police and both
Mr. Starubin and Mr. Dubin were cau-
tioned to keep the matter quiet. They
did, until they lost patience with police
action and then asked the District At-
terney’s Office to undertake an investi-
gation,
| Following the news of the arrests and
the recovery of the furs, Mayor Hylan

age on Park avenue of 250 feet. The sent a congratulatory letter to William
property was leased from the New York! J. Lahey, Second Deputy Police Com-

, ment his mother rushed to his crib.

Mrs. Wentz was positive at first
sight that the child was her own. She
picked him. up, smoothing his head
and kissing his cheeks. The baby
when he was stolen was 7 weeks old.
He js now 7 months. But her identi-
fication was positive,

Mr. Wentz, when he returned home
at 11 o'clock last night and was in-
formed the child had been found,
bounded up the stairs and rushed into
the apartment. There 9- scene tran-
spired behind the closed doors - to
which curious eyes were not party,
but later it was learned that Mr,
Wentz had been unable to recognize
the child.

“He has changed so,” he said. “Per-
haps to-morrow I will rec>gnize him.

PRICELESS BOOK’

| ns rie GERMANS FACE
tones. | CABINET CRISIS

Socialists See Opportunity to
Torce Creation of a New
Coalition.

BUYERS THERE

Only Copy of the Edition
Needed by Both to Com-
plete Collections.

|
WORLD

 

‘ GLOOM IN LOAN FAILURE
HUNTINGTON VS. FOLGER

| |
|
| |

Paper Calls It “Erzberger’s
Fiasco"—Lack of Confi-
dence, Says Another.

| $420,000 in Day for Brit- |
well Library Gems.
|

| Special Cable Despatch to Tut Sv0N from the
j | London Timea Service,

| Special Cable Despatch to Tun Suv, Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved

| “CORUFIORY: THD, GLLTI@ RSs reverted. |. Banttn, Dec. 10=-Tormorrow. may
Lonpon, Dec, 16,—Two men promis | herald a government crisis. The So-
nent in the world of American EOP | vialists have proposed that the works
Henry E. Huntington, railroad “king” councit law shall be disposed of this
of the West, ene H. C, Folger of the week, while Erzberger's demand that
Standard Oil Company, engaged In one , 4, enacting taxes on turnovers, and
2 the greatest fights of their careers: , levy on capital shall be disposed of
Tareas this afternoon, It was not’ within the next three days, is ex-
; He of stocks and stares between tremely distasteful to the Democrats.
ulls and bears; Mr. Folger expressed The Demoersts think the Socialists
‘no Intention of dabbling in railroad , seeking a conflict to get an elec-
stocks, and flying over the Pacific
Ocean to the Orient was as far from

 

tion cry.

Mr. Huntington's thoughts as becom-'
ing president of one of the Standard
Oil companies,

It happens that both are keen biblio-
philes, both possess almost priceless ori-
ginal editions of Shakespeare's works. In
the case of each of these collections only

| one book {s missing to make it complete,
and in both {it happens to be the same
; book “Venus and Adonis.” Only one
} copy of this work in the original edition
is known to be in existence, and it was
, Sold in London this afternoon at Sothe-
by’s rooms, when the famous: Britwell
, Court Library was disposed of at public
| auction.
\ The one day's sale realized a record
, total of $550,000. Of this amount $420,-
| 000 was bid for books secured for Amer-

A Cabinet crisis is not impossible,
especially as the Centre party's educa-
{tion demands in the Prussian parlia-
ment are regarded in Socialist circles
as a favorable opportunity for the
creation of a new coalition,

 

|

| By the Associated Press.

} Beritn, Dec, 16.——-Many of the Berlin
'newspapers to-day gravely discuss the
‘failare of the premium loan and draw
; the conclusion that its under subscrip-
{tion denotes utter lack of confidence In
| the Government. Some of the newspa-
‘pers blame Erzberger, Minister of Fin-

j lean collectors and dealers. Shake- ! ance, while others declare that it means
| Speare's original “Venus and Adonis’ !a defeat of the Government. The sub-
{bound with “The Passionate Pilgrim” | scription feli 200,000,000 marks less

‘brought $75,000.
| went for $30,000.
Mr. Huntington, 1 18 sald, Is about

Heber's “Broadsides”

| than the 4,000,000,000 asked.
The Roersen Zeitung admits that the
| failure of the loan is unsatisfactory, but

But his face was so round, and now | to present his whole Ilbrary to the State | says the under subscription was due to

it is a bit longer. His eyes do not
seem quite so large and round. But
my wife is certain. I am willing to
adopt the boy under any circum-
stances, but I want to be sure It is
my own son.”

When he was taken home to the
residence of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
August Wentz of 409 Hast Eighty-
second street, his baby eyes winked
right into the greenery of a Christmas
tree. Father Wentz had been fore-
handed in buying Christmas things,
but neither he nor Mrs. Wentz had any
notion that Baby Arthur would be

there or perhaps ever be home agai.n. | dinarily keen, as the British Museum |
| as eager to obtain many of the, vol-'

With the baby was a note, pinned to
a clean, new Gress, couched In language

lof California, .
$1,000,000 Offer Refused,

| George D. Smith of New York was
!buying for Mr. Huntington. He made

‘an offer of more than $1,000,000 for the.

| private purchase of the entire collection,
but his offer was refused. Book buyers
_ from all over the world came to London

‘to attend this auction the most wonder-'
, ful one day sale of books ever held. The |

; Britwell Court Ubrary comprised the
|greatest private collection of books in
Great Britain, and is famous throughour
the world,

| There were
|day's sale,

108 lots of books in to-
The bidding was extraor-

‘umes. The books disposed of to-day are

the attitude of the Entente, internal po-
| litical troubles and depreciation in the
value of German monéy,

| The Deutsche Tagesacitung calis it
| "Ergzberber's Fiasco.” This newspaper
pointe out that it had been hoped to obtain
5,000,000,000 marks, and that as half the
subecriptions will be patd in war loan
securities the coumstry will get only
1,900,000,000 in cash, or ehough to keep
the nation in operation about three
| weeks,

| ‘The capitalists no longer have any-
thing for the nation, which already is
approaching bankruptcy, Freiheit as-
igserts, It adds that the only remedy is
Soclalism, but that the Government, with
the strong support of the Majority party,
is doing {ts utmost to delay Socialism.
time is not distant when open

{The

 

 

STILL

LOWDEN OPENS 1920 FIGHT

IN STATE

PLEDGED TO WOOD

 

‘Illinois Governor Files Minority Petition in South Da-

Spectal Despatch to Ine Sun,
Pury, 8. D., Dec. 16.—Gov, Frank
0. Lowden of Hiinols to-day was
placed in the race as a contender for
the delegates trom this State to the

Republican National Convention,
What is known as a minority petl-
tion, signed by a certain number of
delegates to the State Proposal Con-
vention which named Gen. Leonard
Wood as the choice of the organiza-
tion, was filed for Gov. Lowden, This
was the last day on which such ml-
nority petitions might be filed and
under the law’ a paramount issue
must be given as the excuse for the

naming of a minority candidate,
Gov. Lowden states his platform as
a return to an efficient, economical,
business administration of public af-

fairs. He deciares that the,many ex-
pensive war agencies should be abol-
ished and that the Government should
he conducted for all the people and not
for any class, i

Gov, Lowden declares aiso for an im-
mediate ratification of the peace treaty
with reservations substantially as
drawn by the Foreign Relations Com-
mittee of the Senate. He favers a
tariff measured by the difference bes
tween the cost of production in Amer-
ica and abroad and the recognition of
agriculture as our most important in-
dustry now and in the future. He de-

  

 

a a

kota, Where General Has First Call.

 

mands the exclusion or deportation of

a)} aliens who place the red flag or any

other flag above the Stars and Stripes,
Special Despatch to Tae SON?

WasHINGTON, Dec, 16,—-Senator War-
ren G. Harding (0,) made formal an-
nouncement to-day of his candidacy for
the Republican Presidential nomination,
For practical purposes, the candidacy
was launched a fortnight ago, but at
that time Senator Harding promise
shortly to present his case formally,
which he has done to-day,

His letter is addressed to Clare
hughes, chairman of the Miami county
Republican Committee, that cornmittee
having been the first of inany to tndorse
the Harding candidacy, Incidentally,
the Senator makes plain that his can-
didacy is intended to be a national af-
fair, not a mere project for controlling
Ohio's delegation,

"I could not assent,” he gays, “to an
enterprise designed merely to control
Ohio's representation in the national
convention, This undertaking is not
without encouragement beyond the bor-

ders of our State.”

LEAGUE HITIN NEW BILL CURBS
N.C. BLECTION RADICAL ALIENS

Senator Harding in hig letter says in
part:

“I venture to announce now no plat-
form nor to emphasize any obvious pol-
icy, Men in Congress make records
which speak for them. Moreover, I still
believe’ in representative popular gov-
ernment through political parties, be-
lieve in party sponsorship, believe con-
ventions representing all the Republi-
cans of the nation should make }1at-
forms, that nominees ought to be chosen
as exponents of such platforms and hoid
such declarations as inviolable covenants
to the people.”

|
Hoey, Democrat, Wins Con-| Deportation Is Penalty for

gress Election From More-
head by Reduced Majority.

———

MARGIN IS ONLY

 

Western Counties Go Against) Measure Reported to House [s|

|
|

Covenant—Republicans
1 Win in Five.

 

Special Despatch to Tux Sox,
Cuartorte, N. C., Dec. 16.—Complete
returns from practically every Ninth
district county to-night elect Clyde R.

 

Joining Red Groups and
Aiding Anarchists.

 

1,600/ALL LOOPHOLES CLOSED

Prompted by Lenience of
Labor Department.

 

 

Special Despatch to Tax Svs.
Wasuincton, Dec. 16.—Legisiation
framed to close the loopholes in the

present deportation system and rid

Hoey, Democrat, of Shelby to Congress | the country of the radical allen men-

‘over John M. Morehead, Republican,

.that except for the tragic nature of the | but a small portion of the library, which | bankruptcy must succeed concealment,” | Charlotte, by a majority conserva-

|
'

State Realty and Terminal Company. | missioner, praising him “and the honest!

The lease provides for two renewals. | men In the department for the'good ser-

It is understood that the work of con-|vices rendered” in connection with tho;

 

 

whole affair would appear to be comic
in rellef:

“For the love of Mike, take this kid," | sold at auction in one day was $260,000, |

“He is one too much for

the note read.
He

the family. Give him to Nelly Bly.

is seven months old and as healthy a8 that previous sale one manuscript, the;
they make ‘em. Can't afford him on the'“Book of Hours,” of Jeanne of Navarre, |

price of milk they are charging to-day.
There are others I am trying to support.”

Left at Grand Central.

Baby Wentz was none other, it ap-
peared, than the ‘Nelly Bly” baby left
at the Grand Central Terminal Decem-
ber 8 by a tall, dark man with an over-
worried air, who thrust the infant inte

the arms of Harry J. Loise, 19, Beech, ;

a special
The
baby

wood avenue, New Rochelle,
officer employed by the railroad.
policeman was asked to hold the
“for a minute.” :

The note was not discovered until the
child had been taken to Bellevue Hos-
pital, the man wro gave him to the police-
man not returning. Mrs. Elizabeth Sea-
man, a newspaper writer
name is “Nelly Bly,” was making legal
arrangements for the adoption of the
child, it was reported, when the identifi-
cation was made,

whose pen

wil? require years to dispese of. The
| world’s record until to-day for books

‘brought by thirty lots in the Yates-
Thompson collection at Sotheby's. In

!fetched $56,400; no such price ever be-
i tye had been obtained either in England
jo America.

| Many of the books being sold this af-
ternoon are unlque, the phrase “no other
copy known” being repeated frequently
throughout the catalogue. Shakespeare's
|Venus and Adonis” {s inscribed, “Im-
| printed in London for William Leake,
| Dwelling at Paule’s Churchyard at the
| Signe of the Greyhound, 1599." It is the
jonly copy of the earliest edition of
Shakespeare's first printed work that any
collector can possess and is bound with
{the first edition of his “Passionate Pil-
\ grim,” of which only two other coples

am in existence, and the epigrams and :

elegies of Sir John Davis and Christo-
| pher Marlowe, dated 1598.

| First Shakespeare Editions,

 

! the paper says.

| ‘The newspapers to-day report that Dr.
August Mueller, former Under Secretary
of the War Food Bureau, is going to
{the United States on a special economic
mission,

 

‘POLICE STRIKE COST
| BAY STATE $3,000,000

| Coolidge Asks Ten Year Bond
Issue to Meet Bill.

{ Special Despatch to Ta Sun.

| Boston, Dec. 16.—The first intimation
‘of the probable cost of maintaining the
State Guard called to Boston to preserve
order after the police strike and until
the creation of the new force was given
to-day, when a request was made by
Gov. Coolidge for a bond isfue of $3,-
| 000,000 to cover the emergency. Gov.
| Coolidge sent to the Senate a special
| message recommending that. bonds be
ligsued on the series payment plan for a

 

 

’ series of firs ’ j
SAA a oe bhaneeneace ey One {term not exceeding ten years to Pay!here from Washington to speak tried to
| |the bills incurred on account of calling ;have the foiks belleve, is evidenced by

| tively estimated at 1,600 votes.

(| The huge majority rolled up by
Mecklenburg county, which polled 8,675
Hoey votes to 1,512 for Morehead,
saved ‘the day for the Democrats,
whose fears grew as the Morehead
banner swept triumphantly through
county after county in the hills of
western North Carolina.

Mecklenburg, which has saved the
district for Democracy for years; Gaston,
the district's battleground, and Cleve-
land, Hoey’s home county, gave the
Democrats the biggest majorities, The
| Morehead legions carried Burke, Ca-
jtawba, Madison, Avery and Mitchell.

| The chief issue in the campaign was
[the League of Nations, to which Mr,

| Morehead is an avowed foe. That the

 

|

ace was reported to the House to-day
by the Committee on Immigration and
Naturalization,

The bill covers all defects In the
present system pointed to by the De-
partment of Labor for its failure to
get the large number of undesirable
foreighers out of the country; besides,
the measure puts it squarely up to
the Bureau of Immigration as to
whether real results will be accom-

plished in the future, Representattye |

Johnson (Wash.), chairman of the
committee, said. Efforts will be made
to pass the measure before the Christ-
mas recess, which will begin Saturday.

By amending present deportation
laws the committee belleves {t has
found a way to bring every radical
alien in the country under the law.

| The bill is considered one of the most
| far reaching and drastic proposed to
Congress by a committee in years,

It {is framed to reach aliens who are

league is not as popular with western
counties as the Democratic “aces” sent

PRICE TWO CENTS.

UNDERWOOD HEADS PARTY REVOLT; —

WIDER;
TRENGTH

Alabama Senator Ready to
Carry Issue Into Demo-
cratic Convention,

OUTLINES HIS STAND

Would Separate Covenant
From Treaty by Senate
Resolution.

HITCHCOCK §=IS

His Rival for Minority Leader-
ship Said to Have Major-
ity of One.

LOSING

 

Special Despatch te Tun SvN.

Wasninaton, Dee. 16,—The split
among Senate Democrats over the
minority leadership and the policy of
the party toward the German treaty
ts becoming more marked, But it is
not so striking as the division between
the Senate minority and the President.

On one thing the Democratic Sen-
ators are almost agreed. That is that
there is no chance whatever for the
ratification of the treaty without any
Hitchcock and
Underwood factions are a unit at this
point. But beyond that they travel
different roads, Senator Underwood
(Ala.) is frankly in favor of trying
first for an agreement on the reserva~
tions and, if that cannot be reached,
of going a long step further and pass-
ing a resolution ratifying the treaty
so far as concerns establishment of
peace, leaving the League of Nations
and other matters far Jater conside®,
ation.

Both these proposals, which Senator
Underwood finds within the possibil-
ities, the Presiient seemingly banned
in his most recent statement. But the
rival Democratic Jeaders do not by any

means admit so much, Both insist
that if a basis of agreement and rati-
fication can be reached the President
will finally accept it.

The

modifications,

Underwood's Pasition,

The position of Senator Underwood
when he returned to-day, after a day's
tilness, was a most Interesting one. tre
was decidedly the man of the hour on
the minority side. He was in no wise
‘moved by the President's apparent dis-
Yapprova) of hie plan of ratifying the
Peace treaty without the league coves
nant; rather, he talked and acted as ff
| the President had played into his handé,
| “If agreement on mild reservations is
impossible,” he said, “then I am in favor
{of the Knox proposal to ratify the treaty
{to the extent of restoring peace, leaving
| the league to be decided by the people
‘leter.”

' On the bagis of their respective state-
ments of policy the rival Democratic
| leaders seemed to be steering very dif-
ferent courses. Senator Underwood was

Apparently coming out into the open a9
frank opponent of the Presidential
{ plan, while Senator Hitchcock (Neb.)
was looked upon as trying to trim his

1&

, course so as to get ratification while
avoiding a definite break with the

| President.
\ The current view at the Capito) 1s,
; first, that ratification is impossible on
jany basis that involves reservations legs
vigorous than the Lodge programme;
and, second, that ‘f ratification should
the basis of the Knox-
; Underwood the President would
| Tefuse to deposit it. The President is
; still regarded as determined to have
| ratification include the league covenant,
'and if he cannot get that to make an
| issue of the whole business before the
| people,

j be secured on
plan,

Anti-Wilson Factton,.

So the question is whether a large
{enough number of Senators will ever
‘unite under the Knox-Underwood banner
'to carry a ratification. If they should
and if then the President should refuse
{to deposit the ratification, Senator Under-

| Would Lead

a on gen oe a

ene

’

 

 

 

 

struction will be begun at once. j
: tn the apprehension of the burglars ro ani oe va sien Whee a Bee ote ant feeding seaaeeron lout the guard, The Governor’s message |the majorities given Morehead in the ' ie iat hi | derwood would become the leader of an
1 was just 7 months 0 Y eneee : ” or vw. (48 as follows: district's western end. secretly giving a © anarchists or] anti-Wilson faction in the party, and
MEXICAN REPLY SAYS seeiiated th that erate tat to be: baby carriages parked on eee wriece ae SE a coraen in ah | “J recommend that bonds or certifi-} Hoey headquarters seemed confident} revolutionary organizationé. Member- that faction, as matters now stand,
T rendered excellent service to the people | outside a department one _ ird Mrs. | anonymous play probably used cates of indebtedness sufficient to meet | their favorite's majority would reach| ship in such organizations, even though | would be expected to go to the country
ROUBLE IS ENDED of the city,” he wrote. ee Seranianan Ther aa Shakespeare in writing Richard III expenditures Incidental to calling the} 2900 and possibly 2,500, but Republican} the alien does not openly ‘advocate: vio- [O0G Sent for ancisWileon contror oF sas
be ge vee Bede naa PIN aah to ook after “the | entitled “True Tragedie of Richard | Btate Guard, and not to exceed $3,000,-!jeaders here and in other counties con-/ lence or overthrow of the Government (next Demorratic ponvenien This is °
. an attendan . ’ ; 000, be upon the serfal payment plan’ Morehead’s de , z “| pregnant possibility that Senators o
| rein is shown th , ceded Mr. Morehead’s defeat by a mm nade an offence punishable by depor- u
Tells U. S. Jenkins’s Release NEW LONGSHOREMAN | intant nerae eee ra ihuer a Ses roa: with the penne e and for the term of ten years, If notes) jority “not exceeding 1,500 votes.” It sation? Th Janvite Ig intial ee aie Ail parties axtd,) facticna” eaw 1SOm eae
!jJearned of the napping are issued in anticipation of such per-|was late at night before an admission} aid to such revolutionary efforts aiso is large to-day,

Removes Friction.

| AGENT SLAIN BY OL

By the Assoctated Press. |

Mexico Crry, Dec. 16.—The release of' Walsh Shot in Office—Kerr

William O. Jenkins, American consular | °
agent at Puebla, under bail, has re-| Claims Self-Defence.

moved all motive for misunderstanding .
between the Mexican and United States
Governments regarding the Jenkins is-
sue, according to the reply of the Mexi-

 

 

test for the position of business agent
of Local 824, International Longshore-
men's Union, sat at his desk yesterday

|

1
1

|

Lawrence Walsh, winner ‘of the con- | Wh

her | two young Princes in the Tower and the

woman of dark complexion and rat
slight build had™been seen running away | Joining of the two noble houses of Lan-
t | caster and York.”

m ubway station.
with a child toward a ¢ y | Another unique volume Is ‘Reynard
the Fox. being the history of Reynard
Foxe, translated from the Dutch by
William Caxton.” It is a fine copy in
| modern brown levant morocco with the
Miller arms in gold on the sides.
To-day's sale included the greatest
collection of old English poetry known

Mra. Humiston Figures,

The part of Mrs. Grace Humiston,
had a prominent part in finding the
murdered body of Ruth Cruger, buried
in a Harlem cellar, does not yet appear}
to be clear In the case, It was sald she

 

 

manent bonds or certificates they should’ o¢ fajiure could be secured from the
be for not exceeding four months.” Republicans.

A house pill now before the Senate
provides for payment of the cost, pre-
DOG, CARRYING LIFE
LINE, RESCUES 92

viously estimated at $2,500,000, by five
year State bonds. The Dill specifically

Animal Swims Ashore Where
Boats Could Not Live.

 

provides Boston must bear 10 per cent.
of the cost, the balance to be pald by
the State as a whole.

Under the’ Constitution the Governor

 

 

 

so characterized. American citizens
who help such organizations can be pun-
ished under Federal laws. Much of the
red tape in the present system of de-
portation is eliminated.

OMficial Action Nullifies Law.

Mr. Johnson in his report made it
plain that he believed the present law
was sufficient, but because of the lenient

| The revolt against Wilson leadership
l{s gaining strength. Democratic Sena-
}tors fear that persistent loyalty to the
| White House policy will leave the party
hopelessly stranded in the coming cam-
paign. Not many of them take serlously
‘the party's chances of electing a Presi-
dent next November, but those who are
concerned about thelr own reelections
and about making as good a showing as
possible in the election of the next House

 

can Government to the second American
note. afternoon in the headquarters at 786 Ws retained by a ee _ firm in| be in existence. Most of the works! ™ust recommesid 16: (he LAgialasure “to| attitude of the Department of Labo Het he atte
Ms The Mexican reply was handed to the | Eleventh street smiling contentedly. On ; which George Gor ~ ne Paantttas are of the Renaissance period. The first | manner in which State bonds are to are leniadig tne Teratceenl ane ane anx One $e eet ue Bary Sue on
American Charge d’Affatres this evening. te previous night he had defeated his ber, At ee eee es Rlienk “| series of works by Greene, the dramatist, be issued. fod elit ety Curuine, N. F., Dec. jerameneice| tion was approved ; : aie Un hbase haa ta Wiehe een
‘The note says in polite terms it differs Opponent for the offiee, John Kerr, in tion was made, Major J. J. Lilly, a mem-| oo. ofrered for sale, is included; the} The ten year period will give the mn s . nderwood has raised a banner that
with the American objection to former the balloting, and he was to hold the ber of the firm, was present. Bird 8.| otatogue gays that no other copy of “itles and towns a longer period to meet | and crew of the coastal steamship Ethie, The enlargement of the terms and|many of them suspect stands for the
legal technicalities, reaffirming that the Job for the coming year, . | Cojer, Commissioner of eerie Who | this edition appears to be known, There the cost. , |numbering ninety-two persons, were See at Sohen AW een teetas | hest chance on the whole to pull the
an case !s entirely a legal one. | ¢ oe bn Aggy wie er oat he ae Oe gene Peeacineatloe was ! are seventeen volumes in all of Greene's | brought ashore on a life ne which was aon ifide white Gabiite of the Deoars oat ake koeyines and eave it from complete
ss = : , ' ” s¢ Maree t saste
oreover, the Mexican answer points | turued, & ag another of his down jworks, including "A Notable Discovery| BOSTON COMMON TO BE SLICED,! run out trom the ship by a Newfound-| of Justice as well as agents of the Bu-} The feeling gains with every day that

out, the American Government's belief
in Jenkins’s innocence of the charges |
against him is not enough to warrant:
setting aside Mexican laws.

his victory! It was Kerr.

friends come to congratulate him upon: made satisfactorily.

Whether any one heard the words the her son, Arthur,
|two exchanged could not be learned appeared behind his ear.

The cusious thing ” ‘.
about jt was that Mrs, Wentz sald when | ot Coosenage. " ee or eet volumes 1s

ried a little pink spot; Guip_toe an pear’ bom ter: Cris-
ni Probably fein |tine of Pisan,” of which J. P. Morgan

Anyhow, The

 

land dog after their vessel piled upon

Martin's Point. .
Boats could not make the hazardous

passage from the stranded steamship.

Voters Favor Plan to Widen
Streets—Wets Win Election,

16.—The

WILSON OUT IN THE COLD.

Spends Over an Mour on Portico
of White House.
*WasnincToN, Dec. 16.—President

 

last night, but two shots were fired, and unique of Arthur to do that.

Argon the only other known copy in
!the world, also was in the sale,

a few minutes later Walsh was helped when Mrs, Wentz came in Arthur was } s translated from the S
linto a taxicab by several members ofscrying, and there was the pink spot. yer Livers and carries the iihokilace
tne union and hurried toward Bellevue. ; yrs, Wontz satisfied everybody that the .
When they reached the hospita} he was. cnjid was her own.

| dend. His chest had been penetrated by
Hed bullets.

An hour later Detectives Daly and

Maney of the Fourth Inspection District,

|

Because she was reported to be suf-
fering from mental strain when report-
ers called at the house last night, she

of the Hon. Thomas Greenville and the
crest of Sir Francis Fielding in gold
on one aide.

All these books were the property o:
Christie Miller of Britwell Court, near

 

Boston, Dec. “slicing” of
Bogton Common to permit the widening
of Tremont and Boylston streets for the
relief of waffle congestion was sanc-
tioned by the voters in the municipal
election to-day. Only small portions of
tne malls on these two sides of the
Common will be thrown into the streets,

An effort to shgot the line ashore failed
when the Line became caught. Men did
not dare attempt the trip through the
waters and so the dog was put over-
board. Directed by officers of the Ethie
the animal succeeded in releasing the
rope and holding it tightly in his teeth
fought his way through the breakers to

reau of Immigration have made and are
making arrests of aliens the Secretary
of Labor has made decisions which réa-
der such arrests futile.”

The report gave a detailed review of
the decision of the Secretary of Labor
tending to show that a liberal rather
than a strict construction of the law
had been made.

“The law should be amended,” Mr’
Johnson continued, “to make it plata
and clear and to admit of no possib’e

| President Wilson has lost sight of and
|interest {n the concerns of his party;
ithat he {s entirely preoecupfed with the

realization of his own ambitions as they

are involved in the League Covenant;
lthat his humiliation over the defeat of his
international policies has become thea
Aominating consideration with him and
tha: he I» willing to sacrifice every.
thing else to the hope of finally saving
the treaty with the league as an Integral
| part of it.

 

 

Wilson spent more than an hour on the ‘was n ermitted to make a statement. | ,
south portico of the White Houee to-day| Who had been assigned to the case, John moran, who said he veprenented eatin Test, teasing’ Nectar Miller, | each of which will. thus gain a uniform | the shore. doubt that the spirit of the law must be
despite the extremely cold weather. walked into m saloon at Fifty-sixth Jr jzumiston, stood at the door and 4% "5,990,000. Tue wonderfal, Brite] Wiath of forty-three feet With block and tackle the Bthle's| heid to coincide with the letter thercot, Contest Over Lendersbip.
Rear Admiral Grayson, the President's | Street and Tenth avenue and found Kerr jarned questioners away. Mr. Wentz jthan 3,0O wonderful Brit-|" On the license question the vote was:| crew, aided by fishermen on the shore,| “Eminent lawyers contend th :
warned q ae ntz,! well library was begun by Willlam|y,. 99.425; no, 10,781 rigged a life saving device, usin ee end that th: For. these reasons the contest over
es, 29,425; no, 10,781. : . S A} act of October 16, 1918, Is suffictent, and! the Democratic leaderehip takes on a

physiclan, sald Mr. Wileon desired to
take automobile rides, but that he had
not approved for fear his patient might
take cold,

 

’
Whiskey Stolen From Caypttol.

dan one of his friends in the union.
Ia Kerr’s pocket was a .32 calibre re-
volver, according to the police.

When locked up in the Forty-seventh

|

ljonnging at a table with Philip Sheri-°

| street station, the police declare, Kerr

'ecta he had shot in self-defence. He

{t was said, was at work. The Wentzes
have another son, Willlam 84. It was
for him the Christmas tree was bought.
No one connected with the identification
of the child would say anything last
night regarding what information they
have regarding the identity of the baby’s

Henry Miller, great-grandfather of the
present owner, who died in 1848.

| George D. Smith, perhaps the best
known of all American book buyers,
| has bought many well known Britteh
Vprartes for his clients, including those
of the Duke of Devonshire, Earl Pem-

Althoigh national constitutional pro-
hibition will be in effect before the new
license year begins, the question of
granting licenses for the sale of liquor
went on the ballot as usual because the
Stute local option law has not been re-

 

boatswain’s chair for a carriage. One
by one In this chair ninety-one of the
ninety-two persons aboard were hauled
to safety. A baby, 18 months old, was
pviled ashore in a mail bag.

The Ethie, which had been engaged In
t 2 coastal service between Curling and

 

 

SS SS

!

that the joining of an organization such
as the I. W. W. by an alien is of itself
the overt act sufficient to warrant de-
portation.

“But as th: decisions of the Secretary
of Labor are final in matters of deporta-

! larger importance than ever before. The
' Underwood supporters fnatst that their
| prospects have decidedly improved this
week and the sudden anxtety of the
Hitehcock forces to have the Derno-
}eratic convention ag secon as possible ig

 

Cuanteston, W, Va., Dec. 16.+Seven said Walsh had jeered him and nad jee OL where the child wert ha Batt of | pealed d as the decisi f
hundred pints of whiskey were stolen last then struck him in the face. heridan kidnappers, or ec was kept; proke and the Earl of Bridewater. He | Aa : ‘ . tion, and as the decisions of that depart-! construed te mean that they think, the
hig! t froma the West Vireinia Capitel si Edmund Ridings, another member from the time he was stolen until he) nas been crossing to and from Europe For the firs lis ” je decads Nay | Soretas during nh eee ment have resulted in failure to deport | tide is not running toward them.
here. The whiskey had been confiscated} of the unfon, who are said to Le ma- Was given to the special policeman.’ to buy famous books fér the last thirty buts rere bay Ree on. Che VO ae aiden é ___Jaliens actively at work for the destruc-| Senator Underwood taiked frankly
‘teria! witnesses, are being held. Walsh's Neither would any one tell what first, years, making some thirty trips In all. being ROR Fhe 5 Uy oes: | en eet ais ; 106 ———-————= tion of this Government. the necessity | about the situation He aatd:
Liberty Bandse—$50, $190, #500, $1,000-— ¢. the amendment becomes not only "J have analyzed the President's state

hy the State prohibition department, and

    

«as stored in lockers in the State House | howe, where he lived with his wife anc ;

@sadinzg legal disposition.

jor is at Corcna, Queens.

h +

led to the suspicion thet the supposed

. He Is buying now for HM. E. Huntington

can be bought and gold instantly.

| fopnauns actually was the Wents baby. | and also for Sir Thomas Lipton.

Se
HARTSHORNE, FALES & CO,, Members

N, ¥. Stock Exchaoge, 7] Broadway.—adv, John Matr & Co, @1 Browdway.—dAdv,

$

 

apparent, but urgent.”

* ment und de not helieve there {s aay-

4
an
aes

i
a |

i]
hel