VOL. LXXIIL—NO, 354.

‘T VALPARAISO
MOSTLY IN RUINS

ere ere

Over 12,000 of the Homeless
Living In the Parks and
on the Hills,

 

 

Ne

MAY BE 1,000 DEAD THERE,
?
Santiago Suffers Less, Only 30
Being Reported Killed
in That City.

 

 

Villages Destroyed Will Swell the Total of
Fatalities-Panio in Yalparaiso New
Subseiding —Dynamite Used With Good
Effect te Check the Fires That Fol-
lowed the Earthquake—Property Loss
Will Be Many Millions—United States
Minister Hicks Safe at Santiago—Food
Scarce in Valparaiso and There Is
Much Soffering in the Stricken City.

Special Cable Despatches to Tae Sum.

Vatpararso, Chile, Aug. 10.—Nearly
every building in the city has been either
destroyed or badly damaged by the earth-
quake shocks, which have now subsided.
The Almendral district, where the city’s
best residences were located, suffered
most.

Thousands of the homeless are sleeping
in the parks and on the hills surrounding
the city, There is much suffering because
of the cold wind which prevails. Food
is scarce,

It is impossible yet to learn the number
of dead, Thousands were injured in the
earthquake and fires. The property loas
will reach millions.

The towns of Quillota; Vina del Mar,
Quirihue, Salto, Limache erd «ther nearby
villages are de+trcyed and many lives lost.

PANIC IS SUBSIDING,

La; Peru; Aug. 19.—The latest news
from Valparaiso is to the effect that the
panic is wubsiding. The Almendral dis-
trict is almost completely destroyed. The
mansion of Mr, Edwards is about the only
building remaining on Victoria street.

At Santiago the earthquake shocks were
wery severe, but the fires which followed
were promptly extinguished. The death
list fs not very large, but the property
damage is considerable,

The money collected in Chile for the
festivities in connection with the inaugura-
tion of President-elect Montt will be applied
to the relief of the victims of the disaster.

The towns of San Felipe; lapel; Val-
lenar, Petoroa,; Hierroviejo, Liaillai and
Banta Rosa de los Andes, in Chile, are in
ruins.

It is estimated that the number of dead

in Valparaiso will reach 1,000. The dead
in other places are: At Quillota; 80; Li-
mache, 170, and Petorca, 11.

Among the killed at Valparaiso were the
director of the Lyceum, Charles Hosselan,
and family.

Comparatively few buildings were de-
stroyed at Santiago and the number of vio-
tims is not large.

BANTIAGO’S LOSS IN POORER QUABTERS.

Santiago, Chile, Aug. 19.—Most of the
fatalities by the earthquake here were in
the poorer quarters of the city, where the

.amal] houses collapsed. Many persone,
including one or more high officials, who
were suffering from heart disease died of
shock, :

The quakes continue, but the tremors
are very slight. They cause great alarm
and aggravate the danger of the fall of
houses that have already been weakened.
The officials at the observatory declare that
there is little likelihood of further severe
shocks, Numerous families, nevertheless;
slept last night in the equares and avenues
of the city and in trams and carriages.

The Government has despatched troops
to open communication with Valparaiso
and is busily engaged in measures for the
safety and relief of the people.

SANTIAGO RECOVERING.

Burros Ayres; Aug. 19.—The cutoff in
the Santiago telegraph iine has been re-
paired and hundreds of private messa ges
have been received. They report every-
thing in a satisfactory condition there
and eay the people are not alarmed. An
Official statement places the duration of the
earthquake shooks at three minutes. There
are many dead and wounded.

No business is being transacted. For
some time all communication by telegraph
and telephone was shut off. Many fires
started after the shocks, but they were
promptly extinguished.

Official advices received here state that
Valparaiso has been partially destroyed.
Limache and Quillota have been com-
pletely destroyed. All business at Val-
Paraiso is suspended. Railroad communi-
cation is cut off. The people are camping
out.

REFUGEES TALK OF THOUSANDS DBAD,

Refugees who are arriving at Santiago
from Valparaiso on horseback and who
left there during the worst panic bring
wild stories concerning the number of deaths
by the earthquake and fires. These refu-
Gees say the deaths number 10,000 and that
there are 60,000 refugees in the mountains.

A reign of terror prevails and there are

   

  
    
    
    
 
 
  

  

horrifying scenes in all parts of the city.

 

f +NEW YORK, MONDAY,

The equ ares are full of people who have
been driven from their homes, Thousands
are praying in the streets and many have
gone mad, “

The only name yet given of any of the
dead is that of Senator Frederio Varela, a
prominent leader of the Radical party.

Only one small section of the port works
was saved. The buildings of the Chile
and Tarapaca bank, and the newspaper
Eltercrio are known to have been destroyed.
The report seems ty be confirmed also that
the custom house has been destroyed.

The soldiers have taken chargeYof the
situation and have been ordered to shoot
looters. Prisoners in the jails who at-
tempt to escape will be killed.

The Government has declared an in-
definite period of mourning.

The military authorities are attempting
to establish communication between Val-
paraiso and Santiago.

The first shock lasted three and a half
minutes and the second twenty seconds.
Fire soon started. Many of the residente
took refuge in tram cars and other vehicles,
All the lighting works were destroyed and
there was great disorder.

One rumor, which is not confirmed and
is believed to be untrue, is that the dead
number 11,060 and the injured 60,000.

Publio relief subscriptions were opened
in Buenos Ayres to-day. The Jockey Club
Gave 60,000 pesos. The Argentine Govern-
ment will pass an appropriation for the
relief of the sufferers.

DYNAMITE CHECKED VALPARAISO FIRES.

Rio pg Janerno, Aug. 19.—The observatory
here registered the greatest shooks since its
establishment on the 16th and 17th. The
principal disturbances began at 10:25 P. M.
on the 16th and lasted until 10:20 P. M.
There was a succession of violent shocks
all through the night. These continued
until 11 o’clock on the morning of the 17th.

The free use of dynamite, acoording to
despatches received here, was very effective
against the progress of the fire at Val-
paraiso. The firemen were thoroughly
exhausted when the flames were finally
subdued. Hundreds of people took refuge
on the ships in the harbor.

It is stated that a new danger is threat-
ened by the volcano Wonin, which has be-
come very active.

WHOLE ANDEAN REGION AFFECTED.

Despatches are beginning to arrive here
from Santiago. They say the telegraph
connections were all broken by the shocks.

There are indications from the reports
received that the earthquake caused great
damage throughout the Andean region.
It is probable that there has been consider+
able loss of life and destruction of property
at remote points which have not yet been
heard from. All of Ohile was apparently
affected by the shocks as well as numerous
points In Argentina in the vicinity of the
Andes,

PARIS HEARS OF HOTEL COLLAPSE.

Pants, Aug. 19.—A despatch from Buenos
Ayres confirms the reporte of the destruc-
tion of Valparaiso. It says 11,000 persons
perished. The fire which followed the
earthquake prevented the resoue of the
victims. The Hotel Ingles collapsed bury-
ing all ita occupants.

LONDON GETS CONFIRMATORY NEWS.

Lonpon, Aug. 10.—The Foreign Office has
recéived a despatoh from the British Consul
at Valparaiso which fully confirma the re-

‘ports of great loss of life and destruction of

property.

MINISTER HICKS SAYS 12,000 HOMELESS.

Wasutworon, Aug. 19.—The first official
report of the earthquake at Valparaiso was
recelved to-day at the State Department
by Acting Secretary Adee. It came from
Minister Hicks at Santiago, Chile, in the
shape of two brief despatches stating that
a terrible earthquake had taken place at
Valparaiso and at different places along
the Chilean coast.

Mr. Hicks states that the loss of life at
Valparaiso has been enormous, and that it
is impossible at this time to make anything
like an acourate estimate.

About thirty persons were killed at San-
tilago, which elso suffered a shook of less
magnitude than that which befell her sister
city.

More than 12,000 people are homeless in
Valparaiso and the refugees are in camp
just outside the stricken city. The Govern-
ment has taken prompt measures to allevi-
ate the suffering, which is great, and to
establish order. Fires followed the earth-
quake and the people were terrorized.
While Mr. Hicks is unable to estimate the
damage, he indicates that {t will reach many
millions.

A brief despatch was also received to-
day from the United States Consul at
Tquique, stating that a great earthquake
was reported at Valparaiso but that com-
munication had been cut off and that de-
tails were not obtainable.

Mr. Buobanan, the head of the United
Btates delegation to the Rio conference,
also wired the State Department to-day,
stating that doly meagre reports of the
Chilean disaster bad reached Rio and the
delegates from Ohile were without informa-
tion from their Government. He asked
that the Department cable him an account
of the catastrophe, as the delegates to
the congress are greatly disturbed and
great anxiety prevails because of the in-
ability to get more detailed news of the
situation. Mr. Adee cabled Mr, Buchanan
a brief account of the catastrophe,as it has
reached Washington in the press despatches
and from Minister Hicks,

ee
ROOSEVELT WILL NOT RUN.

 

Congressman Longworth Says Father-tn-
Law's Mind Is Irrevocably Settled.
Crxcrnnatt, Aug. 19,—Congressman
Longworth when asked to-day if he thought
President Roosevelt could be induced to
stand for another term said:

SUPREME COURT VACANCIES.

Rumor That Justice Harian Will Retire
Boon—Brewer Will Boon Leave.

Wasuinaton, Aug. 10.—The possibility
of the retirement of Associate Justice
Harlan from the United States Supreme
bench is again disouseed in Washington.
A little over a year ago the Associate Justice
informed President Roosevelt that if his
son, James 8S. Harlan, could be appointed
to &® vaoanoy on the United States ‘District
bench at Chicago he would retire and permit
the President to name his successor. When
the proposition was suggested to the Chi-
cago Republicans an uproar was raised,
because at the time John Maynard Harlan,
another son of the Associate Justice, was
the Republican candidate for Mayor of
Chicago, and the politicians thought it was
@ case of “too much Harlan.”

The matter was paseed for the present,
but the appointment of James 8. Harlan
as a member of the Interstate Commerce
Commission is known to be very gratifying
to Associate Justice Harlan, It is be-
lieved he will retire soon, for he Is deeply
interested in certain religious work In
Washingtor. in connection with the Pres-
byterian Church, to which he has promised
to give his undivided attention provided
certain financial assurances can be given.

The President will have to name a suc-
cessor to Associate Justice Henry B. Brown,
who has already announced his intention
to retire. Associate Justice Rrewer will
be eligible to retire next June.

JAPANESE GROWL IN HAWAII.

Nippon Residents There Resent the Su-
perior Attitude of the Whites.
Spectat Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

HONOLULU, Aug. 19.—A series of inflamma-
tory articles in English have been appear-
ing in the Japanese Daily Chronicle, pub-
lished in Honolulu. These articles express
a feeling prevalent among the Japanese
that they are held in contempt by the white
and dominant element of the community
and that their presence here is resented
and would be dispensed with altogether
if the plantations could find other labor.
An artiole of this series, after recounting a
number of recent events to prove the ill
feeling toward the Japanese, says:

“More oppressions and more insulte!
When ite reaches the utmost point there
will be a collision between the two races,
and it may lead to the disturbance of peace
of two nations.

“We believe it is important for our Gov-
ernment to follow the example of Great
Britain and the United States to despatch
her war vessels to foreign porta where most
of her subjecta reside and protect any
rights and interests which they already
have by conditions of treaty; especially to
countries like Hawaii, where the white
people treat the Nipponese with insolence
and where this is getting worse every day,
the Government should keep a war vessel
here continually, so that it may attract
the attention of these ignorant, discourte-
ous and impolite people of Hawaii.

“If we ever have such a misfortune as to
have difficulties with Uncle Sam Hawaiian
territory will be the fuse that causes it. To
compare our intereste and friendly rela-
tions with Hawaii to those of the mainland
is not necessary. We would rather lose
Hawali than loge anything from the main-
land or qause ill feeling with our good
nei zhbor.”

SPEND NIGHT IN THE DEPOT,

Four Hundred Excursionists Miss the Last
Train for Easton, Pa.

The attendants in the big Pennsylvania
depot at Jersey City had their hands full
all night trying to quiet and console 400
excursionists who had missed their train.
The Lehigh Valley Railway ran an excursion
from Easton, Pa., and nearby points to
this city yesterday.

It was only $1 for the round trip and the
crowd that took advantage of the low fare
was 60 great that it took five special trains
to bring them all here.

The last train was billed to leave Jersey
City at 10:30 o'clock and the 400 unfore
tunntes got confused as to whether the
leaving time scheduled was for this side
of the ferry or in Jersey, When they got
over there and found that all the trains
had gone there wasa lively time.

Men made speeches denouncing the rail-
way management, while tired mothers with
their sleepy children settled themselves to
spend the night in the waiting room.

The attachés of the depot could hold out
but one hope and that was to put up for a
regular fare ticket if they wanted to get
home. None of the excursioniste did this,
They all waited, hoping that a train would
be made up and they would be taken home
on it.

WRECK KILLS7; FATALLY HURTS3

Freight Splits Caboose and Bunk Car in

Which Wreck Train Crew Were Sleeping.

JoHNSTOWN, Pa.; Aug. 10.—Seven men
were killed and three fatally injured in a
wreck on the Pennsylvania Railroad near
fang Hallow, along the Conemaugh River,
early this morning.

A wrecking train with twenty men had
been clearing away a small smashup east
of Sang Run. When the work was done
the wreok train moved on toward Johns-
town, the men, who had been long on duty,
going to bed in the caboone and bunk car.

A fast freight came along a few minutes
later. At U R tower it got orders to run
cautiously to the next tower, as the wreck-
ing train was still in the block.

The freight ran slowly till it reached the
troughs near Sang Hallow, where the en-
gineer, to take water on the fly, put on
more steam. The wreck train had stopped
at a plug for water just beyond the troughs,
8. W. Woods, the freight engineer, could
not see the caboose lights because of heavy
rain that was falling and ran at full speed
into the wrecking train. The locomotive
ploughed through the caboose and the
bunk oar next to it, splitting them up the
middle from end to end. 5

Those killed are George W. Mead, watch-
man on wreck train; Edward Stephens,
derrick engineer on wreck train, and five
foreign laborers, members of the wreck
crew. The fatally injured are 8. W. Woods,
engineer of the freight train; S. Watta,

| eonduotor of the~wreck train, and F. P.

| Agey, flagman of the wreck train. Others

| Jess seriously hurt are P, H. Watson, as-
sistant supervisor, in charge of the wreck
train; his assistant, A. E. Tokin, and five
laborers.

Chinese Pirates Lect British Steamer.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

Canron, Aug. 19.—Thirty pirates dis-
guised as passengers looted the British
steamer Kwanping off Kwaichuhow on
Aug. 15. An unconfirmed report says
the pirates escaped ,in two boats with 6,000
taela in booty and that thirty of the pas-
pengers and crew were wounded.

Hotel Martial Dining Roo
sole! a usatennt 2°eD nas beta
ae, ‘

-

 

 

 

 

 

 

t

1

_—————_

- “iy
‘pot ios LA eoL bette i

CUBA NIPS
A REVOLUTION

Leaders of Plot to Kill Palma
and Overthrow Government
Are Arrested,

—_—__

STRONG GUARD IN HAVAHA

 

Prompt Action Expected to Pre-
vent Serious Outbreaks
in the Republic.

 

Gen. C arlos Garcia, Real Head of the Move-
ment, tn Jail—Gen. Leynaz dei Castillo
Escapes After Being Put Under
Arrest—Juan Gilberto Gomez, At
ether of the Malcentents, Being Sought
by the Police—Others of Lesser Im-
portance in Custody —Trouble Has Long
Been Brewing —More of Personal Than
of Party Origin —Some Outbreaks Oceur

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tun Sun.

Havana, Aug. 19.—Prominent Cubans
were arrested here to-day on charges made
by the secret police of being implicated in
& 00) to assassinate President Palma
and overturn the Government.

Those taken into custody were Veles
Garcia, Gen. Carlo4 Garcia and Gen. Justo
Garcia, sons of Gen. Calixto Garcia; Gens.
Monteagudo and Loynaz del Castillo and
Cols. Pedro and Alberti.

Gen. Loynaz del Castillo made his escape,
All the others were placed in jail.

Warrants on the same charge are out
against Gen. Demetrio Duany Castillo, Cols,
Pino Guerra, Arturo Asbert, Miguel
Llarena, Evaristo Eatenoz, Juan Gilberto
Gomez and many others.

The authorities are showing great activ-
ity. All the customs employees have been
armed and the Treasury is heavily guarded.

President Palma spent the day at the
palace conferring with the chiefs of the
Government. Instructions ware issued
to the rurales, police and artillery.

“Many seditious proclamations have been
issued.

It is charged that those implicated in
the conspiracy against the Government
received much money from agents sent
abroad, among whom was Orestes Ferrara,
who is now in New York.

There were two fights this afternoon at
San Juan y Martinez. Theruralgs captured
two rebels. It is rumored that the rebels
numbered 250.

Speaker Freyre, after a consultation
with President Palma to-night, decided to
summon an extraordinary session of the
House to-morrow morning to discuss the
uprising. 4

Numerous bands are joining Pino Guerra.

A suspicious looking schooner is off Pinar
del Rio.

All the coast roads from Havana are
closely guarded. Many motorista who at-
tempted to leave the city to-day were
turned back,

President Palma will remain at the palace
all night.

The rebels have seized the mails of the
steamship Consolacion.

The Government has established a censor-
ship over press despatches and all telegrams
are delayed. The officials maintain silence
as to the situation.

The sudden blow etruck by the Palma
Government at the cabal of revolutionists
mentioned in the despatches has brought
to light a conspiracy which has long been
brewing. It has been common talk about
Havana for some months that the close
circle in the Opposition, the names of
whose members appear in the list of those
apprehended or for whom warrants are
now out, has been plotting to w the
government away from Palma the
Liberals since the fall elections reinstalled
that régime in office.

No political issue seems to have been
raised upon whfch to pin a revolt. The
attempt of the malconterts of the opposi-
tion partakes of the nature of a political
adventure for personal ends. The oon-
spiracy hung about three men chiefly,
Gen. Carlos Garcia, Gen. Loynaz del Cas-
tillo and Juan Gilberto Gomez, who are
close friends,

Carlos Garcia, one of the eons of Gen.
Calixto Garcia, had been Cuban Minister
to Mexico up to about eight months ago.
At that time he took umbrago at Presi-
dent Palma's marked favor for Vice-Presi-
dent Mendez Capote, who had been one of
Gen. Calixto Garcia's enemies during the
latter years of that patriot's life, and from
Mexico City he wrote an open letter to Le
Liberal, one of the chief papers of Havana,
The tone of the letter was such as to force
Garcia's resignation from his post in Mexioo.
That event marked the heginning of his
active movement against the Government.

Gen. Carlos Garola is described as a man
of good education and a fighter. He enjoys
4 superficial popularity with certain classes
of the people in and about Havana. He is
said to lack the qualities that make a leader.

Shortly after the return of Garcia to
Havana the police department, the depart-
ment heads and the President himself began
to receive threatening letters, all breathing
defiance and prophesying a revolution.
Little attention was paid to them at the
time. ;

About a month ago Juan Gilberto Gomez
and Loynaz del Castillo went into the
province of Pinar del Rio, ostensibly on

outbreak

 

pending revolution as the result of the
efforta of the three ringleaders.
Gilberte Gomes is a negre, Coe

es
aH

FE Fs
$9 Ges

x

e
B

the province of Pinar, del Rio among 4
number of enemies of the Palma adminis-
tration, but that it had been quickly quelled
and that no importance was attached to
the trouble.

The legation has no information con-

cerning the arrests to-day, although there
has been some apprehension because of
the hostile attitude of the Garcia partisans
and their harsh denunciations of President
Palma and some of his acts.
. The trouble with the Garcias started
because of the appointment by President
Palma of the present Minister of Finance,
who was opposed bitterly by Gen. Carlos
Garcia, who resigned his post as Minister
to Mexico and induced his brothers to take
up his side of the controversy by resigning
their offices in the foreign service. One
of them was Ouban Consul at Hamburg
and the other was attached to the Cuban
Legation in Rome,

The Cuban Chargé cabled to Havana
to-night to learn details of the alleged
conspiracy and of the plot to assassinate
President Palma, but up to a late hour
had received no response. Minister Que-
sada is in Rio attending the Pan-American
conference,

ROOT LEAVES BUENOS AYRES.

Festivities Cat Short Because of the Chilean
Disaster.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Buewos Arnes, Aug. 19.- Secretary Root
and his party were present this morning
at ascrvice in the Methodist church in
memory of the Chilean victims. In the
afternoon he sailed for Bahia Blanca, where
he will meet the cruiser Charleston.

The ball which was to have been given
in his honor last night was abandoned at
the request of the Government because
of the disaster in Chile. This was 4 great
disappointment, as all preparations had been
completed for a great social event.

The Secretary and his party made an
excursion about the city yesterday in forty
automobiles. They made a tour of the
various parka and visited the publio library.
Afterward the party went to the suburb
of Flores, where there was a special pro-
gramme for their entertainment at the
normal school. The girls sang “The Star
Spangled Banner” with splendid effect.

Secretary Root was much interested io
the arsenal and examined the works in
detail. He afterward visited Palermo
Park and saw the statue of Sarmiento.
A visit was then made to the stock ex-
change and various banks.

There was a banquet last night at the
Palace Hotel in the Secretary's honor.
The President of the republic did not at-
tend because of the disaster in Chile. There
were eighty persons present. The Secretary
of State for the Argentine Republic and Sec-
retary Root made short addresses in re-
sponse to toasts.

Afterward Secretary Root and party
paid a visit to the Jockey Club, where there
was an informal] reception.

SUBWAY, COOLER,
Cool Attachment Not Busy, but the Air
Blast Worked Well.

The subway was cool yesterday. That
ié to say, from 3:31 P, M. to 8:85 P. M., ex-
actly. During that time the big new patent
blower on the extreme western downtown
platform of the Brooklyn Bridge station
got a tryout. Those in charge of the
job say that it was a big success and that
nothing is now in the way of cooling the
tunnel.

The gladsome news repeated to several
stout persons who had to be in the sub-
way yesterday was received with soorn.
They did not seem interested in hearing
how the air is sucked down from an open-
ing in the subway roof by the action of
blades like those on a sidewheel steamer
in the blower.

Once in, this air is gathered in a huge
galvanized fron chamber and forced through
a long, rambling galvanized iron chute.
At intervals in the chute, which meanders
along the ceiling of the station, there are
large holes out. .

The stout persons did not seem to think
it anything wonderful that when the blower
started the pressure of air was s0 great
that the fron chute rattled like the teeth
of a West Indian in the ordinary tempera-
ture of the subway.

The system is not yet complete. Theres
is an ammonia plant for making ice cold
the air that is distributed, and that is not
yet in operation. That’s why the stout
persons were not much interested.

 

 

 

RATTLES.

 

 

RESCUE BY ABLE SEAMAN.
Heart in the Right Place, but He Didn't
Know Depth of a Fountain Basin.

Michael Johnson, able seaman of the
cruiser Pennsylvania, cast off from her in
the Brooklyn navy yard last night all spiok
and span for an evening of enjoyment on
the Manhattan side. A short time later
Miches!, sadly bedraggled, climbed back
on thé cruiser and decided to abandon his
night on land. This was the reason:

Three-year-old Irene Meyers, with three
sisters, the eldest 12, was } laying about
the fountain in City Hall Park near the
Chambers street ride. The little one climbed
to the low coping, lost her hold and in a
minute was floundering in water more than
three feet dee;, or sufficient to drown her,

ies apyeared Able Seaman Johnson,
atrollii across the ; ark. He heard the
cries of the little sistera and without hesi-
tating took a running dive into the foun-
tain . He seized the struggling thild
and started to swim to the o Then he
remembered hie was not in ocean, Jot
down Nap Seep ond wones 20s With Se
in water was about to his waist,

LT
After all, Usher's the Secteh

that made the highball famous.—Ada

to

° é

 

AUGUST 20, “1906 —dopurtom, 1000, by The Sun Printing and Pubiishing Association,

PLOT TO KILL FALLIERES.

Anarchist Arrested at Marseilles Had
Materiais for a Bomb.
Special Cadte Despatch to THE SUN.

Marsenams, Aug. 19.—The police to-day
arrested an Italian anarchist of the name
of Cirillo Francese, 6 bootmaler, on suspl-
clon of being in a plot to assassinate Presi-
dent Falliéres on his approaching visit to
the Marseilles Exposition, When Fran-
cese's lodgings were searohed the police
found 840 grams of filminate, 600 lead
sorews and other bomb accessories, all of
which had been brought from Italy.

The arrest was the result of the receipt
of an anonymous letter denouncing the plot,
which had wide ramifications and is be
Heved to be connected with the arrest of
the Italian on the Franoo-Spanish frontier
at the time of the attempt on the lives of
King Alfonso and Queen Victoria in Madrid.
This Italian was released by the French
police for want of evidence but was ex-
pelled from the country.

<i icleninliehelniniactnsalaas
DOWIE AND VOLIVA MAKE PEACE.
‘pcsiaiiiilaailiad
Elijah Will Be Bess Prophet of Zion and
Voliva Will Be Business Agent.

Curcaco, Aug. 10.—dJohn Alexander
Dowie and Wilbur Glenn Voliva have agreed
to bury their differences and will unite
in the government of Zion.

By tho terms of an agreement reached
to-day Dowie will for the remainder of
his fe be the “First Apostle,” while tem-

ra! effeire will be in the handa of Voliva.

Dowle will drop all attempts to get pos-
peasion of the assets of Zion. He also
agrees to support Voliva for the office of
General Overseer at the election ordered
by the court for next month.

In return Voliva and his followers promise
that 80 soon as the office of general over-
seer is vested in Voliva he will proclaim
his faith in the teachings of Dowle and
acknowledge his supremacy in all matters
pertaining to the church.

 

 

JAPAN TO SEEK NEW LOAN.

 

Wants $40,000,000 From Engiand and

America fer Manchurian Enterprises.

+ Special Cable Despatch to Taw SUN.

Loxpon, Aug. 20—A despatch from
Tokio to the Telegraph says M. Takahishi,
Vice-Governor of the Bank of Japan, is
about to start for England and the United
States for the purpose of negotiating a
Government loan of £8,000,000 for Man-
churian enterprises. If the clroumstances
are favorable he will also negotiate for the
replacing of old loans by new ones ata
lower rate of interest.

 

WOMEN SAID HE PINCHED THEM.

 

Elderly Man Arrested After a Scene at the
Park Monkey House.

A big crowd of visitors were about the
monkey house in Central Park yesterday
afternoon, when a young woman turned
around and slapped an elderly, well dreseed
man who stood behind her.

“Take that for pinching me!” the young
woman said,

“And you pinched me, too!” said a middle
aged woman, as ehe doubled her fist and
planted a blow in the man’s face.

He tried to get away from his aseallants,
but women were all about him and most
of them tried to get a whack him. Five of
them declared that he had pinched them.
Detective Kane arrested the man, who
gave the name of Francis Osborn.

He eaid he had retired from business and
lived at 308 Livingston street, Brooklyn.
He was taken to the Arsenal and a charge
of disorderly conduct was made against

him, ‘

TEXAS SENATOR AGAIN APPEALS.

 

Urges War Department to Remove Negro
Troops From Fort Brown.

Dauias, Tex., Aug. 19.—Senator Culber-
gon to-day made another effort to get the
authorities at Washington to remove from
Brownsville the negro troops quartered
near that city, Senator Culberson sent
the following telegram:

“Dau.as, Tex., Aug. 19, 1906,
“To Gen. F. C. Ainsworth, War Department,
Washington, D. C.:

“Since the receipt of your telegram of
yesterday officials and citizens of Browns-
ville have wired me again to the effect that
there is danger of further riot and blood-
shed at Brownsville unless the negro troops
are immediately removed.

“I respectfully suggest that the War De-
partment could within a day get a tele-
graphio report from commanding officer
at Fort Brown as to the conditions there
and on which action could be based. Please
wire me what the people there may expect.

*C. A. CULBERSON.”

 

WEST POINT LADS TO MAROH.

 

Cadet Battalion to Start Out on a Week's
Field Practice.

West Port, N. Y., Aug. 19.—The battal-
fon of cadete starts on a week's practice
bap among the mountains on the east

of the Hudson to-morrow. This
march, which was introduced by Com-
mandant of Cadets Lieut.-Col. R. L. Howze
when he took command last year, is be-
lieved to be of so great value as instruction
for the cadets in actual field work that it
has become part of the regular summer
course. Numerous problems have been
formulated by the tactical department
and in the solving of them sham battles
will be fought daily.

The miniature army oonsists of the
battalion of cadets, the field artillery and
cavalry detachments, besides a long sup-
ply train anda battery of mountain howit-
gers which will.be packed by mules. Lieut.-
Col. Howse and his tactical officers will be
in command with the cadets of the first
claea acting officers of the various com-
panies. Camp ie to be established where-
ever night overtvkes them. It is expected
that the menceuvree will extend through
the hills as far north 2s Poughkeepsio.

 

 

BRYAN SAILS FOR HOME TO-DAY.

Spent Sunday at Gibraltar Visiting the
Fortifications.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

GipratTar, Aug. 19.—William Jennings
Bryanivisited the fortifications here to-day
and afterward dined at the American Con-
sulate. He will sail for home to-morrow
on the eteamship Prinzess Irene.

The Prinzess I
New York on W ,

/ Mowpat, Avaver 9, 1008,
° Fair to-day and to-morrow; light
fresh south winds.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

JEROME-SAYS
HE WILL RUN.

The District Attorney Ready
to Accept the Demo- =
cratic Nomination

BUT WILL MAKE NO PLEDGES

     
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
    
    
   
  
 
 
 
   
      
   
  
 
 
   
   
    
    
  
     
 
 
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
      

 

 

Agrees Only to “Obey My Oath
of Olfice as | Understand ql
it in Letter and Spirit.” 3

 

J ‘

Moved to This Announcement, He Explain, .
by “the Present Shameful Condition ‘
of Our Political Life in This State”
—Recognizs the General Demand
Throughout the State for a Leader
Who Will Meet the Boes Issue Face
to Face—His Independent Campaign |
in This County a Strong Argumend
in His Favor—Up State Suppert, f

'
‘
'
}

The Hon. William Travers Jerome; tn —
dependent Democrat, twice elected Dis- {
trict Attorney of New York county, made |
the following authoritative announcement |
yesterday: ps

“In the present shameful condition af
our political life in this State I am willing
to run for the office of Governor of this
State if the Democratic convention shall '
nominate me without any understanding; ;
expressed or implied, other than that if
elected I shall obey my oath of office as I
understand it, in letter and spirit.

“WriiaM Travers Janome.”

For a number of months, indeed almost
from the hour of Mr. Jerome’s triumphant
election as District Attorney of New York
county last November, the demand for
his nomination for Governor this fall has
been discussed by all sorts and conditions
of untrammelied citizens. The arrogant
attitude of the political bosses toward
Jerome last fall and toward the independent
political sentiment reflected in his chav-
acter and career aroused the voters of New
York county to the real condition of politica)

record as the prosecuting officer for the
county and had spoken his mind freely
as to Charles F. M ; the Tammany
boss; Benjamin B, Odell, Jr., the Republican
boss, and William R. Hearst, boss of the
Independence Jeague. Mr, Jerome had
conducted his office from the topmost
heights of duty to the people of the county,
and for a recompense he received the bitter
personal hostility of Boss Murphy} Boss
Odell and Boss Hearst, All three bosses
decreed that their political machines should
not reward a faithful publio servant with a
renomination.

The three bosses did not bother over the
fact that Jerome had so conducted the ,
affairs of his office during four years as to
bring it to the highest level of efficiency
since New York became a county, They
were ohiefty concerned because Jerome,
without the elightest reserve, had in public
speeches spoken of two of the political
bosees in terma that a prosecuting offloer
uses in the trial of prisoners and had spoken
of the other political boss as a downright
charlatan, ;

All three bosses, Murphy, (dell and -
Hearst, directed their political machines not
to renominate Jerome. Then it was that
the people of New York county got up on
their feet and roared their anger. ‘There
hadn't been such an awakening in yeara, | 9
Republicans, Democrats, Mugwumps and
all hands became utterly convinced by this
act of the three political bosses that they
occupied a pitiable position as citizens;
that they were looked upon merely a6 Aac-
cessories uf a political machine, no matter
how corrupt and arrogant. Jerome was
nominated for District Attorney by the free
and independent citizens of New York county
and he beatall three borsesand their political
machines. When the four candidates for
District Attorney—Osborne (Murphy) Flam-
mer (Odell), Shearn (Hearst), Jerome (Citi-
vens)—started in the race some of the
old time political experts couldn't for the life
of them see how Jerome could win. Three
powerful bosses with three powerful polfti- -
oal machines at their back, all surfeited with
political funds, confronted Jercme and the
citizens of New Yorkcounty. Thearrogance
of the three political bosees and the eervility
of the three political machines to their re-
spective bonses, together with Jerome's abili-
ties and his personal and political integrity,
were all the political assets the citizens of
the county wanted, and on election day
they. emashed all three bosses and their
machines and reelected Jerome,

Theat campaign was a trumpet call to
citizens all over the State, The Troy Press
put it in these words the otber day:

Fublio sentiment, Democratic, Republican
and independent, is orystallizing upon that
conquering vote getter, William Travers
Jerome, for Governor, He is & Demooras,
reformer and brilliant campaigner, and his
candidacy would obliterate party lines and
result {n @ great popular triumph at the polls,

The Rochester Herald echoed these utter-
ances by declaring:

As an independent candidate, free from
{nitial obligations to party bosses, Mr. Jerome
would appeal with great attractiveness to
the Republicans who are restive under the
conditions in their party, who would weloome
an opportunity to vote for a clean candidate
other than a Republican but who recoil |
from auch a thing as the proposal to make |
a Governor out of Hearst. Asan independetit | /
Mr. Jerome would appeal with no Jess force
to the thousands of Democrats who would
not vote for Hearst, no matter whom he
might hire to nominate him, Such @ candi. “a
dacy, in a word, would give the free men and | «/
the unbought and unbossed men of both }
partes an unprecedented chance to stand
up and be counted. We think they would 4} 7
weloome such a chance, much as they did last’
fall in the county of Now York.

From scores of other parts of the Str’
: ‘et