a

PRETORIA IN AN UPROAR.

———_—_—_—_—_

pURGHERS 100T THE STOREHOUSES
—LITTLB DEFENCE LIKELY.

 

Rebderts'’s Army on the Road te Pretoria on
Friday—DeWet With 8,000 Men Said to
Have Seized Viljoen’s Drift, Outting
Reberts's Commenications — Krager Has
Gone to Lydenbarg—Scattered Fighting.

Special Cable Despatches to THB Sun.
From THE SUN's Correspondent at Pretoria,

Pretorta, Thursday Noon, May 81, via
Lorenzo Marques, June 2, 1:30 P. M.—Ben
Piljoen’s commandos are passing through the
town. They came in from the direction of the
Rand, The renhave been fighting for three
days and they are worn out. The horses are
also exhausted, The men are retreating.

‘The artillery are going east and north and I
therefore believe more firmly than before that
po defence of Pretoria will be made,

Last night's Volkestem, the oficial organ of
the Transvaal, states that Kroonstad and
Bioomfontein are being threatened by the
burghers and that there is a prospect that they
will be retaken,

Gen. De Wet with 8,000 men occupied
Viljoen’s Drift yesterday. His sole object is
tocutand harass the British lines near that
point.

Pretonts, Thursday, May 31, 3 P. M., via
Lorenzo Marques, June 2.—The last train is
just going out toward Delagoa Bay. There
are indescribable scenes of confusion in the
town. The banks are being guarded.

All the Government stores are being looted
by the burghers, Foreign residents and
members of the fighting commandos are rush-
ing through the city. Chaos and confusion
reign supreme.

Ten thousand burghers defend the ap-
proaches to the city, It is expected that a
battle will be fought at Six Mile Spruit at any

moment.
Parvorra, Wednesday, May 30, via Lorenzo

Marques, June 2, 1:30 P. M—On account of
the panic created among the burghers yes-
terday when it was reported that the British
troops were approaching the town on all sides,
and when the fighting commandos were of-
dered to leave the city, it ts expected that
Pretoria will be surrendered by to-morrow
morning.

The residents of the town have formed a
special corps to protect property from looters.

President Kriiger has left Belfast for Lyden-
bure.

Numerous British mounted infantry patrols
are approaching from various directions.

Gen, Baden-Powell is reported tobe on the
Rustenburg road.

It is also said that Gen. French is half way
here on the road from Johannesburg.

A deputation consisting.of.Burgomasters
Potgieter and Beckett say that Mr. Marka has
gone out to surrender the town of Johannes-
burg to Lord Roberts. The Boer commandos
are retreating.

The Delagoa Bay railroad line is still intact,
but British seouts are reported to be south of
Bronkhurst Spruit, There is tremendous ex-
cltement here, and every one ts hoping that the
great strain will soon be ended.

Pretoria, May 30, by messenger to Lorenzo
Marques, June 2,7 A. M.—At the request of the
Transvaal Government twenty British officers
who are prisoners here proceeded to-day to
Waterval station, where 5,000 British prisoners
are quartered, The officers were sent there to
keep order among the men, who are very much
excited over the approach of their comrades
toward the capital.

The remaining town burghers have gone to
the suburbs to guard the approaches to the
city.

President Kroger, State Secretary Reitz and
other high officials left for Middleburg during
last night (Tuesday), There was a solemn and
affecting scene at the railway station. Men
and women wept as the train drew out. The
President was as calm as usual.

Lonpon, June 2.—If the British army {s not
now in Pretoria it is because Gen. Roberts is
Rot aware of the practically defenceleas con-
dition of the capital as described in Tag SUN's
latest despatches. The war, in the ordinary
sense of the word, has practically ceased, but
it is evident that a desperate section of the
Gefeated people will keep up resistance to the
end,

The only real information as to the situation
contained in the remarkable series of de
Spatches which THE SuN's correspondent had
succeeded in forwarding by train to Lorenzo
Marques, since the Transvaal Executive de-
Darted on Wednesday morning. His last mee
sage is dated Thursday noon and came by what
was announced to be the last train leaving for
Deiagoa Bay. It effectually disposes of the
Earl of Rosalyn’s premature announcement
that the British were about to enter the town
on Wednesday,

If rail as well as telegraph communication
With Pretoria is now out off, itis quite likely
that Te SUN correspondent's next message
Will come over British lines after he has joined
hands with his colleagues with Gen. Roberta's
army

There tn a good deal of anxiety in London to
night over the report mentioned in Tum SUN'S
Pretoria despatches that 8,000 Boers have cut
Gn. Roberts's communications at she Vaal
River, It would not be @ serious disaster in
View of the situation, as a whole, if an isolated
ao of Boers had succeeded in getting behind

# British advance, for Pretoria ls unquestion-
ably at the command of the British advance
Suard, if not already ocoupied. The problem of
dealing with scattered Boer forces, except such
“shave gone to the Lydenburg district, {s com-
Daratively simple.

There is little discussion in the English press
regarding the future government of the Boer
uare, a bana p {9 raised to the an-
enna ott t es annexation, Military

ucceeded by civil admin-

‘\atesietttnnenansnenenepemnstnreemenensiianes

 

Seaboard Alr Line Ratlway.

The Seaboard At Rail “The
West india Short Lane” Saeed
ride, and in

r
ry Rehitond Colt as Bata
¢ 61206 Broadway awe

 

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.-

 

iatration at the soonest possible moment. It is
generally believed that Gen. Roberts will be
allowed to return almost immediately after the
war is ended. The chances are that Sir Alfred
Milner will be Governor of all British South
Africa except Natal, transferring his headquar-
ters temporarily at least to Pretoria, Johannes-
burg or Bloemfontein.

 

ON THE ROAD TO PRETORIA.

Roberts’s Army Encamped North of Jehannee-
berg on Thursday Night.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 3.—The War Office has received
the following despatch from Gen. Roberts:

“JOMANNESBURG, June 1, 8:30 A. M.—On May
81 the occupation of the town passed off quite
satisfactorily. To-day, thanks to the excellent
arrangement by Dr. Krause, the Transvaal
commandant here, order prevails throughout
the town.

“Krause met me at the entrance to Johannes-
burg and rode by my side to the Government
offices, where he introduced me to the heads of
the several departments, all of whom acceded
to my request that they should continue their
duties until they could be relieved.

“Johannesburg is very empiy, bué a good
crowd assembled in the main square by the
time ihe British flag was hoisted with a royal
salute. Three cheers for the Queen were then
given.

“At the end of the ceremony the Eleventh
and Seventh divisions marched past with the
Naval Brigade, The divisions of the Royal
Field Artillery, Hamtiton’s oolumn of cavalry,
and the division of mounted infantry, were too
far away to partake in thé ceremony.

“The troops looked very workmanlike and
evidently took keen interest in the proceedings.

“The Fourteenth Division and Wavell’s
Brigade have been left behind at Johannesburg
to preserve order. The remainder of the force
fa encamped north of the town on the Pretoria
road,” ?

Previously, the War Office received the follow-
ing from Gen. Roberts:

‘‘JOMANNESBU RG, May 31, 9:40 A. M.—French's
report of his operations on May 28 and 29
reached me at 3 o'clock this morning. He was
opposed throughout his march, but managed to
drive the enemy off from strong positions
which they successively held, with very little
loss. He now holds the placs I had directed
him to do north of Johannesburg. Our losses
were two officers wounded and two men killed
and twenty-seven wounded,”

“ JOHANNESBURG, June 1, 9:25 P. M.—Colville
reports the arriva! of the Highland Brigade at
Heilbron on May 29. He was opposed more or
less the whole of the way from Ventereburg.
Seven of his men were killed and four officers
and thirty-two men wounded,

“Colville states that Lane's Field Artillery did
excellent work. The naval guns proved most
valuable. The troops behaved in the most
soidierly manner during the trying march.

“Rundle telegraphs that his casualties have
been thirty killed and 150 wounded.”

 

PEOPLE'S CONGRESS AT THE CAPE

Declares That the War Was Caused by the In-
terference of the Impertal Ministry.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 2.—A despatch from Graaf
Reinet dated May 31 says: ‘At the People’s
Congress to-day Mr. Pretorius, a member of
the Cape House, offered a resolution to the ef-
fect that the chief cause of the present war be-
tween Great Britain and the Boers was the In-
tolerable interference of the Imperial Ministry
at London with affairs in South Africa. The
resotution was unanimously adopted.

“Other resolutions which were adopted de-
clared that subordinate causes of the war were
the violation of the Cape Constitution whereby
the advices and wishes of the Cape Ministry
were overruled by the British Colonial Office,
and the enormous difficulty of acquainting the
English people with the real facts.

“If the British Government insisted on an-
nexation, another resolution declared, the
peace and prosperity of the country would be
irretrievably wrecked. It also demanded that
unqualified freedom and Independence should
be restored to the Republica and that the Cape
of Good Hope people should have a voice in the
appointnent of a Governor, which would render
unnecessary the keeping of a standing army to
contro! the people. The Republicans, under
auch circumstances, would always be prepared
to assist the Cape Colonists in any possible in-
road of, th Africa by a foreign power,

“On th. Poasis, the resolution declared, lasting
peace and unity would be insured and loyalty
to Great Britain cemented.

“It was also decided to send delegates to
England, Ireland, Australasia and Canada to
explain the feelings of the Cape Colonists,
Among the delegates seleored are Mr. De Waal,
Secretary of the Afrikander Bond, and Mr.
Charles of Molteno.”

 

FIGHTS WITH SCATTERED FORCES.

 

Brabant Surrounds Beers Near Ficksberg
—Attack of Cape Rebels Near Doeglas.
Special Cable Despateh to THR SUN

Lonpon, June 2.-A despatch from Maseru,
Basutoland, states that Brabant's division has
surrounded the Boers five milesfrom Ficksburg.

Atelegram from Winburg, dated Thureday,
says that a messago was received on Tuesday
from Col, Sprague of the Duke of Cambridge's
Own saying that they had been in difficulties
near Lindley, but that Gen. Rundle had effected
their relief.

A Cape Town despatch dated Thursday gives
more details of the fighting at Douglas, Cape
Colony, in which a number of British soldiers
were killed by Cape rebels. It says that last
Tuesday Gen, Sir Charles Warren, the Gov-
ernor of Griqualand West, with 700 men
occupied a strong defensive position at
Faber Spruit near Douglas. At dawn
on Wednesday 1,000 rebels surrounded
and fiercely attacked his force after stamped-
ingthe horses. The British quickly concen-
trated and repulsed the rebels, A smali party
that was holding a garden continued to fight
tenaciously and only evacuated the position
when the Volunteer Rifles started a charge.

The War Office publishes the names of thirty-
nine men killed and 145 wounded in the fight-
ing near Seneka) on May 20.

TRIED TO BLOW UP THE MINES.

Judge Kock’'s Attempt Discovered and He Is
Locked Up at Johannesburg.
Special Cable Despateh to THE SUN.

From THB SUN'S Correspondent at Johannesburg.

JOHANNESBURG, May 30, by despatch rider to
Pretoria and via Lorenzo Marques, June 2,
1:80 P. M.—Judge Kock, who attempted to blow
up the mines yesterday, was arrested by Special
Commandant Dr. Krause. He was placed in
jail on the charge of incendiarism.

 

Six Handred Persons Off for Cape Nome.

San Francisco, Cal., June 2.—Six hundred
persons sailed to-day for Cape Nome on the
steamers San José and Humboldt. Great
crowds were on the wharf to see them off. The
captain of the Humboldt expects to arrive at

goid diggings about the same time as the
we on that have preceded his vessel. He be-
Heves that ice wit just about begin to break
when he arrives In the north. @ San Jord
carried about one hun employees of the
Alaska Commercial Company, who will be
dropped off at Cape Nome and St. Michaels.

On Here; Of at St. Louis.

sete try abr

feasonable rates, Unriv

 

| ICEMEN GET A STOP ORDER.

 

——

 

 

BOOKS AND OFFICERS OF THE TRUST
MUST NOT BE BXAMINED.

 

Writs of Prohibition From Jastice Herrick
Directed to the Attorney-General and te
Referee Nussbaum — Mayor Van Wyck Can
Get a Similar Order — The Constitution.
ality ef the Donnelly Law in Dispute.

ALBANY, June 2.--The Ice Trust proposes to
delay the investigation of its operations in a
corporate capacity as the American Ice Com-
pany until the constitutionality of the Donnelly’
Anti-trust law of last year has beon passed
upon by the Court of Appeals. This cannot be
done before the October term of the court.

Mr. David Wiloox of Now York city, the at-
torney for the American Ice Company, appeared
to-day before Supreme Court Justice D. Cady
Herrick, and at his request the Justice issued
write of prohibition which prevent the Attorney-
General or hie referee, Myer Nussbaum, from
compelling President Charles W. Morse or the
officials of the American Ice Company to sub-
mit to an examination before Referee Nuss-
baum.

Mr. Wilcox was one of the principal counsel
who succeeded in having the Lexow Anti-trust
law deciared unconstituivial ia the Coa! Trust
proceedings instituted before Supreme Court
Justice Alden Chester of this city a few years
ago. The Legislature of last year passed the
Anti-trust law fathered by Senator Donnelly, a
Tammany representative, which was supposed
to correct the constitutional defects in the
Lexow law pointed out by the Court of Appeals.
Referee Nussbaum was appointed recently
under the provisions of the Donnelly law,
which authorizes the Attorney-General to
conduct preliminary proceedings before a ref-
eree in order to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses with a view of securing the evidence he
needs on which to base an action to disolve a
combination or trust. The order appointing
Referee Ward in the coal trust proceedings a
few years ago was appealed from by
the attorneys for the railroads and the Lexow
law was declared unconstitutional, even
though the substantive provisions of that law
were not passed upon by the courts. A similar
plan {is to be followed regarding the proceed-
ings instituted by the Attorney-General against
the Ice Trust, anditis not likely the endeavors
of the attorneys of th® American Ice Company
to prove the Donnelly law unconstitutional can
get through the Appellate Division and be
passed upon by the Court of Appeals before the
fall term:

Meanwhile the proceedings before Referee
Nussbaum must rest. That this course would
be likely to be followed by the attorneys for the
ice company was pointed out in these de-
spatches last Monday morning. While the two
writs of prohibition issued by Justice Herrick
prevent the Attorney-General or the referee
from examining only the officers of the ice
company, it is within the provines of Mayor
Van Wyck, John F. Carroll and the other
Tammany men thought to be responsibly
interested in the ica company also to secure
writs of prohibition preventing their
examination before Referee Nussbaum until
after the constitutionality of the onnelly Anti-
Trust law, under the provisions of which the
Attorney-General instituted preliminary pro-
ceedings against the Ice Trust, has been passed
upon by the Court of Appeals
. weite prohibits Mr. Morse's ex-
amination and the other prohibits the produc-
tlon of the books of the American Ice Company
or the examination of any o7 the offlcers of the
company,

Mr. Wilcox also desired to stay Referce Nuss-
baum's proceedings regarding all other wit-
nesses, which would include Mavor VanWyck
and Deputy Leader Carroll, but Justice Her-
rick declined to grant this wholesale order and
limited the writs to the officers of the tee com:
pany

An interesting spectacie would be presented
should Mayor 4 an Wyck and Mr. Carroll them-
seives ask a Supreme Court Justice for similar
writs of prohib{tios on the ground that the Dou.
nelly Anti-trust law was unconstitutional, This
law was pushed through the Legislature
last yearasa Tammany Hall measure and at
the time a number of lawyers in the
legislature told the Tammany menbers
it Was unconstitutional, Nevertheless the
Tammany men persisted in pushing the
bill without atteinpting to perfect
those provisions which were declared uncon-
stitutional, It is not supposed that the Tam-
many leaders expected to have to take ad-
vantage of the unconstitutionality of the law.

Justice Herrick granied the applications of
Mr. Wileox, on the ground that a witness has
the right to test the constitutionality of the

rocesa by which he is brought before a court.

n 1897 when the ILexow Anti-trust law was
tested Justice Elerrick took the same position,
ong ts an opinion delivered at that time said:

“T cannot concur with Justice Landon in
holding that a witness cannot question the con-
stitutionality of the law or the legality of the
proceedings by which it is proposed to bring
the witness before the court or referee.”

The two writs o prohibition tssued by Justice
Herrick iorday are returnable at a special term
to beheld by Justice Chester here on June 9.
The writs issued by Justice Herrick simply
act as orders to show cause why permanent
writes should not be granted, and by this means
the attorneys for the ice company hope
to test the constitutionality of the Anti-Trust
law and to prevent the Attorney-General or his
referee from examining any witnesses until
after the courts have passed upon the question,
An appeal from Justice Chester's decision yet
to be made can be taken to the adjourned term
3 the Appellate Division of this department on

une 28,

The affidavit of President Morse which was
one of the papers upon which Justloe Herrick
granted the writs of prohibition refers to the
order requiring him to appear before Referee
Nussbaum, and saya:

“Application has been made to Mr. Justice
—- to stay proceedings under said order

nd to vacate the same and application haa

een made to said referve to suspend said

proceedings until a motion can be made to
vacate said order, but said applications have
been denied and I have already attended before
saidreferee pursuant to such order and pro-
du papers and documents called for thereby,
and my further examination has been ad-
journed until June 6, 1900, and therefore has
not yet been concluded. Said order and
tho proceedings thereunder are taken without
authority of law and without jurisdiction and
are and will be oppressive to me.

“The proceedings purport to be taken under
chapter 600 of the laws of 18090. The language

of this statute works an unconstitutional
deprivation of liberty and roperty
without due process of law. umerous

contracts affecting competition are and always
have been perfectly lawful. there-
fore, seeks to deprive persons affected of
rights of liberty and property without due pro-
cess and to deprive them of the equal proteo-
tion of the |aws and Is contrary tothe Constitu-
tion of the State and to the Fourteenth amend
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
The petition of the Attorney-General omits to
state any facts within the foregoing statute.
It does not ahow that any of the things pro-
hibited by said atatuie have been done or that
they have been done within the State or have
had effect within the State. There ja no
statute even purporting to authorize an exami-
nation such fs the present in aid of any action
of the character which the petition of the
Attorney-General states that he has! deter-
mined to bring. Wherefore I pray this
court will exercise the jurisdiction and
authority conferred upon it by law and
issue = 64 writ of prohibition directed
to the said Myer Nussbaum, referee as afore-
said, and tosaid John (C. Davies, Attorney-
General of the State of New York, prohibiting
whem from further proceedings under sai

o
The writ of prohibition i Cc
W. Morse, the President of SESS

e
Company, reads as follows:
relation o

@ of the State of New York on the

aries W. Morse against Myer Nuss-

page. referee | mained 1 the or below epee.
. Davies,

the Btate of New on. ene

“On reading and filing the Batition herein of
Charles . Morse, verified the first
day of June, 1000, together with ouples of
the papers therein referred to, namely the
petition of John (. Davies, Attorney-General,
verified ay 28, 1900, order sign-

 

 

Free Band Concert—Brighton Beach.
Afvernoon and Evening on Hotel Porch. Ads.

SRE

 

 

A. Chase, a Justice of the Supreme

May 28, 1900, and the notice in-

orsed therein dated May 2 1000, and signed

by the said Attorney-General and on motion o:

cay POT. 3 Mason, attorneys for the above-
r r

named re! ,

“Tt is ordered that an alternative writ of
hibition issue out of and under the oon -)
this rected to the a nam
defendants, vcommanding each o
Pen aaa honntce of the erlsatn

rocee in matte examina
of said relator under the said order mad

ed by Ermy

May 28, 1900, or any subsequent or in pur-
suance or forcement thereof, until
the further irection of this court

thereon, and furthe:
cause before this court at a special
thereof in and for the county o bany at
the Court House in the county of Albany
on the second Saturday of June, 1900, at the
ing of the court on Sat day or a9 soon

ereafter as counsel can heard why they
should not be absolutely restrain from
any further proceedings by or un der,
In the matter of the examination of sald rles

he Morse, said writ sball be served on or before

une 4, 1900,

“D, Capy HERRICK, Justice Supreme Court.”
BOOKS ALREADY EXAMINED.

The stock transfer book of the American Ige
Company has been very much examined already
by the referee and others and its contents are
to be made publio to-morrow morning. Mean-
while the Journal will apply to have Justice
Herrick’s writs of prohibition vacated.

The number of shares of «tock held by the
Mayor in the American Ice Company has not
been definitely ascertained because acoess to
the record of the stock itausfer Luvk Was 10
obtainable yesterday. This book was produ
under a subpaena duces tecum fore
Keferee Myer Nussbaum on Eyidey by
Arthur Terry, Secretary of the City Trust Com-
yy, which is registrar for the Ice Company,
When Mr. Terry took the stand and was asked
toread the first name in the book, ancey
Nicoll, for the ice company, objected. The
referee sustained the objection, and it waa
then agreed between couneel that the transfer
book sould be examined only by the Attorney-
General and his associate, Benjamin F. Ein-
stein, counsel for the Jour:

Notwithstanding this agreement, {t was an-
nounced at the office of Einstein & Townsend
after the hearing before the referee on Friday
afternoon, that copies of the book would be
made, showing the transfers of the stock from
April 1, 1300, and given to all the newspapers
for publication this morning. These coples
were to be obtained at the office of Ein-
stele 4 Townsend yesterday afternoon at 4:30
oO clock,

The substance of the above statement was

»yrinted in THE SUN yesterday morning. When
Mr. Nicoll read it, he immediately lodged a pro-
test with the Attorney-General, who was at the
Hotel Imperial, against any such prc cooding,
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon It
was stated at the office of Kinstein & Townsend
that the stock transfer list was at the office of
the Journal, where it was being put into type,
and that proofs of it would be given to the
other papers at 8:30 o'clock last night.

This announcement precipitated another dis-
cussion between the Attorney-General, Mr.
Nicoll and Mr. Einstein, with the result that
the litest announcement given out last night
was that proofs of the list would be given to
all the newspapers this afternoon, It was said
in the Journal office that the Attorney-General
was opposed toa publication of the Ist, on the
ground that he could got see that such publica-
tion would serve any good purpose

In the meantime, a published statement that
the Mayor holds 3,050 shares of American Ice
Company's stock, acquired in April, June and
July, 1809, is declared by the custodians of the
list to be incorrect. The only definite state-
ment, therefore, that anybody who has seen the
list was willing to make was that the Mayor ts
a stockholder in the American Ice Company.

Application was made to Pollea Magistrates
Zeller and Crane last evening for a summons to
bring the Mavor into a police court on Mondar
for examination on the charge that he ha
committed a misdemeanor In acquiring stock in
the American loe Company while the city was a
purchaser of ice from the company. The sum-
Tr one was not obtained

The Attorney-General has decided not to call
the Mayor as a witness in the proceedings be-
fore Referee Nussbaum

 

 

FOR VAN WYCK’S REMOVAL.

 

to tho Governor te Be Made
To-morrow,

An application to the Governor for the re

Application

moval of Mayor Van Wyck is the next
move contempla‘ed in the campaign
against the Ico Trust. Should the Mayor

be removed more than thirty days before th
next election, bis successor would be elected
this fall to serve the unexpired term. Should
the removal come later than that, his succes sor
would be elected in November, 1901, for a full
term. Ineither case President Guggenheimer
of the Council would act as Mayor.

Einstein & Townsend, counsel for the
Journal, will make the application to the
Governor at Oyster Bay to-morrow. With
the request affidavits will be submitted
alleging that the Mayor should be removed

because he has violated section 1583 of the
Charter, A part of this section reads:

“No member of the Municipal Assembly, head
of a department, chief of a bureau, deputy

thereot or clerk therein, or other officer
of the corporation, — shall or be-
come directly or indirectly Interested
in, or in the of, any

perzermanee

contract work or business, or the sale of any
article the expense, price or consideration of
which is payable from the City Treasury, of any
assessment levied by an act or ordinance of the
Municipal Assembly.”

Thesection furtier provides that any. city
official who violates this section shall be
guilty ofa misdemeanor and upon cone
vietion thereof shall forfeit is office.
Upon the allegation that the Mayor in
April last became a stockholder in the
American Ice Company, which holds contracta
executed last October, to furnish joe to the city
at40 cents a hundred, Einstein & Townsend
will ask that the Governor exercise his prerog-
ative and remove the Mayor at once, Instead
of leaving him to the chance of a conviction of
misdemeanor and the forfeiture of office that
would follow,

According to section 122_of the Charter the
Governor may remove the Mayor in the same
manner as he may remove Shoriffs, “except
that the Governor may direct the ‘inquiry
provided by law to be conducted by the Attor-
ney-General, and after the charges have been
received by the Governor he may, pending the
investigation, suspend the Mayor for a period
not exceeding thirty days.’

Section 1 of Article X. of the State Constitu-
tion provides that the Governor may remove a
Sheriff ‘within the term for which he shall have
been elected, giving to auch officer a copy of
the charges againat him and an opportunity of
being heard in his defence,” ;

Section 24 of the Public Officers’ law provides
that “the Governor may take the evidence In
any proceeding for the retnoyval " him of a

ublic offjeer, or may direct wnat t @ evidence
be taken before a Justice of the Supreme Court
of the district, or the County Judge of the
county or before a Commissioner appointed by
the Governor,”

 

GOV, TAYLOR WATCHED.

 

He Believes That ‘an Attempt May Be Made
to Kidnap Him.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 2.—W. 8. Taylor,
formerly Governor of Kentucky, discovered to-
day that he and his refugee friends aro under
surveillance whenever they leave their rooms at
the hotel, there being two Kentucky detectives
in the city who were recognized by Taylor to-
day. One of the men ‘s from Lexington
and the other from Louisville, and the hotel
people say that, while they do not stop there,
they have been around the corridors at all
hours of the day and night since Thursday
evening, Gov, Taylor is very apprehensive and
has had so many warnings from friends in Ken-
tucky that he believes an attempt may
be made at any time to kidnap
him, At his request. additional bolts were
placed upon the two doors leading to his auite
of rooms to-Ser, and he never leaves them
without two or three of his friends being near
and all heavily armed,

Former Sectetaty of State Finley sald to-day
that it was hard to tell what might at-
tempted in view of the reward which is offered
in Kentue'sy, and added:

“An offer of $10,000 to a fellow like Jack

°
Chinn or some other ardent Goebelite to
take Taylor and me back to Kentuck

would be very tempting, and then just thin
of the halo of hero glory that would circle
about the man who could successfully carr
out suchascheme. Chinn, were he to do 8 oh
a thing, would a great man among his fol-

lowers.
Though Finley spoke lightly, it was 1
from bis manner that he considered such an

attempt not improbable.

 

Oats Growing in Elm Street,

The May rains and sunshine have started a

promiains Orr? ocean the line of bin tent
are suffer oO trace ne ah

between Houston and Bleecker streets. -
Pullman Gere

tant Tees O85 P.
ext 1c. Ads.

New York to St.

arrive Bt Louis 0:8

 

i
@ —

 

ANTE-TRUST BILL PASSED,

VIOLATION OF IT MADE A CRIME
INSTEAD OF A MISDEMEANOR,

 

 

Trests Which Seek to Control Articles of
Commerce for the Purpose of Decreasing
or Raising Prices Are Declared Illegal,
ané@ May Be Enjoined From Carrying On
Interstate or Foreign Commerce and
May Be Forbidden to Use the Mails.

WASHINOTON, June 2.—The House passed the
Anti-Trust bill to-day, with only one dissenting
vote. Itamends the Sherman Anti-Trust law
by making violations of it a crime instead of a
misdemeanor, and increases the maximum
penalty from one to two years. Six new
sections are added to the Sherman law. The
first, known as section 9, declares any
corporation, association, joint stock com-
pany or partnership, producing, manu-
facturing or dealing in any article of
commerce, organized, formed, managed, or
carrying on business for the purpose of con-
trolling or monopolizing the manufacture, pro-
duction or sale of any sucharticle of commerce,
or for the purpose of increasing or decreasing
the cost of such article of cammearoa to the user
or consumer thereof for the purpose of prevent-
{ng eampetition in the manufacture, production
oraale thereof, to be illegal, and may be pro-
ceeded against at the suit of any person or
persons or corporation or association, or by
and in behalf of the United States, and per-
petually enjoined and restrained from doing
or carrying on any interstate or foreign
commerce whatever, either with the States or
the Territories of the United States or the
District of Columbia or any foreign country,
and if adjudged illegal within the mean-
ing of this act it and its officers and
the members of such association, Joint stock
company or partnership shall be, and hereby
are, forbidden and prohibited the use of
the mails of the United States in aid or further-
ance of any such business or purposes; and
no article ef commerce produced or manu-
factured, or owned and dealt in by any such
corporation, association, joint stock company
or partnership, so organized, formed, managed,
or carrying on business, shall be transported or
carried without the State or Territory in which
produced or manufactured or in which same
may be, or without the District of Columbia, If
produced, manufactured or found therein, by
any Individual, corporation or common carrier
inany mannef whatever. All such articles of
commerce shipped in violation of the pro-
vistons of this act shall be forfeited to the
United States and may be seized by any mar-
shal or deputy marshal of the United States
or by any person duly authorized by
the law to make such seizure, and
when 80 seized shall be condemned by
like proceedings as is provided by the law
for the forfeiture, seizure and oondemnation of
property imported into the United States con-
trary tolaw: Provided, however, that such
articles of commerce may be so carried or
transported for the useof the consignor or
consignee, Other sections follow:

Section 10. That any common carrier or
transportation company which shall know-
ingly transport any property described in
section ® from one State to another, from

a State or a Territory to another, or to
a foreign country, shall be subject to
a@ penalty of not less than $500 nor

moro th $5,000, to be reoevered by the
United tates in an action brought
in any co@t of the United States having juris-
diotion thfreof, and which suit may be brought
in any disfrictin which euch corporation, as-
sociation, joint stock company, common car-
rier or transportation company mentioned in
this act has an _ office or conducts
business; and any person or any officer, agent,
manager or attorney of any such cor-
poration, association, joint stock company,
common carrier er transportation company
who shall knowingly receive for transportation
or transport or aid in transporting any
property described in sections 6 or 0
of this act, from one State to another,
from 6 State or a Territory to
Roba oF to the ares of
Colym r to a_ foreign country,
or from the District of Colum! fh to a State or
to a Territory shall be Geomed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction shall be punished
by a fine of not lesa than $500 nor more than
$5,000, and by imprisonment not leas than thirty
daysinor more than six months.
ction 11,—That in all prosecutions,hearings
and prooseaings under the provisions of this
act, whether civil or criminal, no person shall
be excused from attending and testif
from producin ooks, papers, contracts,
agresmente and documents before the courts
of the United States or the Commissioners
thereof or in obedience to the subpana of said
courts or commissioners on the ground or
for the reason that the testimony or evi-
dence, documentary or otherwise, required
of; him may tend to incriminate him or sub-
ect him to penalty or orfelture, but no
person shall prosecuted or subjected to
any penalty or forfeiture for or on ac-
count of 4 transaction, matter or thing
concerning which he may testify or produce
evidence, documentary or otherwise, before
id courts or oopimisaioners, r in obedience to
ts subpoena or the subpoena of either of them,
in any such case or pr mag:
Section 12—That t o sorer district and cir-
cuit courts of the Uni States, and the courts
of the District of Columbia and of the several
Territories of the United States, are hereby
vested with and given Jjuriadiction, with-
in their _, Fenpective juriadictions aa now
prescri by the law, of all actions
and proceedings, both civil and orimi-
nal, in. law and equity, necessary
for the enforoe:rent of thig act; and it shall be
the duty of the Attorney-General of the United
Btates and of the several District Attorneys of
the United Brates, within thet? respective dis-
tricts, to cause all persons, corporations or
associations violating or failing to comply

or
a Territory,

with any of the provisions of thia act to

be promptly prosecuted for and to enforce

all of the penalties impos: y this act,
Section 18--That any civil or criminal pro-

ceeding or prosecution aut ped under thi
act, in the namé of or in be of the Unit
tates or otherwise, may be begun and prose-
cuted by any person, firm, corporation or as-
sociation, or by any officer of the United States
i the name of on behalf of the United
es

Section 14—Nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to apply to trades unions or other
labor organizations orpanteee for the purpose
of resylating wages, hours of labor or other
conditions under which the labor is to be
performed,

BANK OFFICERS IN FLIGHT,

 

President and Assistant of an Hiinols Institu-
tion Disappear--Money Gone, Too.

8ST. Louis, June 2.—Prosecuting Attorney
Fritz and Sheriff Wright of Bond county, Il,
are In the city searching for Willlam G. Shields,
President and cashier of the Farmers and Mer-
chants’ Bank of Mulberry Grove, IIl., and his as-
sistant, Willlam Cass, who locked up the bank on
Wednesday night and disappeared. Col, Price
ofthis city, father-in-law of Shields, was sum-
moned by wire and the bank doors were broken
open. Examination of the safe disclosed only
$300. The books showed that the deposits
which should have been on hand when the bank
closed amounted to $7,200,

warrant charging be ree and Cass with
embezzlement was issued and the police of St.
Louis have been asked to ald the Sheriff in
making the arrests. The bank will not be able
to pay depositors more than five cents on tho

lollar.

LOCOMOTIVE TOSSED HIM SO PEET.

 

Berns Woke Up Game and Wanted to Know
Who Hit Him.

“Who hit me?” was the first question asked
by Patrick Burns of Newark on Friday night
when he was picked up after being thrown
fully fifty feet by a locomotive in Roseville.
Burns, who is 61 years old, was crossing the
Morris and Exsex jlroad track in a skid

‘on was struck and one of

wagon when the w
the horses was kil Burns got an awful
y and there

jar. but he was doing well yester
3 no fear of serious results from the accident.

Platt's Chlerides, the Best Disinfectant,
An odorless liquid, prompt, cheap and efficient. —Ade.

YE Bingnam, ot 9 Part place—Aen

 

 

Mount
sentative, Mr.

 

 

i

PYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.—THIRTY-TWO PAGES.

 

POPE TO AMERICAN PRELATES.

Criticises Archbishop Ireland and Says That
Discipline Is Lax tn the Church Here.

Speciat Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 3.—An ocoadional correspond-
ent of Tuk Sun writes from Rome that a con-
siderable number of American Catholics bave
made Holy Year pilgrimages and are now
attending the ceremonies in Rome. They are
described as beingin charge of the Archbishops
of Bt. Louls and New Orleans, and the Bishop
of Sault Ste. Marie. They have been received
by the Pope to whom they presented $20,000
Peter's pence, and a number of costly presents.

The Pope received aga special audience, the
three prelates named, and talked on a number
of American questions, including Americanism.
The Pope referred in tones of severity to Arch-
bishop Ireland’s letter tothe Duke of Norfolk.
The letter, he said, ought never to have been
written,

There was, continued His Holiness, a deplora-
ble laxity of discipline in the Church in North

 

| America, Certain prelates appeared to forget

that the maintenance of discipline and concord
among the faithful was one of the first duties
of those responsible, for without it Catholics
ran the danger of becoming a mere rabble, like
members of heretical churches in England.
The Pope declared in conclusion, that the
Catholic Church could not be nationalized,

| There were neither Italian Catholics nor Ameri-

re

can Catholics; ali were Roman Apostolic
Catholics.

Monsignor Forest subsequently stated that
the Pope seemed to be in excellent health.

“What most surprised me,"’ continued the
Archbishop, ‘'was the Pope's actual youthful-
ness of appearance. Hoe seems to get younger
every time Inee him. His memory is simply
marvellous; he knows the American dioceses
even better than the Bishops.”

—e

THE ALPS FOR UNCLE

Swiss Editor Thinke Our Flag Would Look
Well There.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, June 2.—A curious question has
been raised by the Allgemeine Schweizer Zeitung
of Basle, one of the influential papers in
Switzerland, and it has been agitating the
entire confederation. It is no less @ question
than the union of the Bwiss Republic and the
United States, the advantages of which are
elaborately set forth in a long article,

The writer states that there is reason for
believing that England will provide the cost of
her recent war at the expense of other people
by imposing a tariff. The only country which
facilitates the existence of Swiss industries is
England with her free trade system, but if
England {s about to abandon free trade
Switzerland would have to face economic ruin.

One eminent Swiss citizen recently declared
that the country's salvation would be found
only with a union with Germany, while the
municipal council of one of the principal com-
munes pronounced itself in favor of the entry
of Switzerland into the German oustoms union.
But, argues the writer, Switzerland would
endanger her liberties and independence by
allying herself with monarchies like Germany,
Italy, Austria, or even with the Republlo of
France. But sbe must find an outlet, and the
writer arrives at the conclusion that the real
solution will be found in a union between
Switgeriand and the United States.

The article has been reproduced in many
Swiss newspapers, but few have yet ventured
to express an opinion, and none ts apparently
aware of the existence of the Monroe Doctrine,

SAM?

 

 

LARGE SHUT-DOWN IN STEEL.

Plant of the Dlinois Company Closed—More
Than 6,000 Men Affected.

Curcaao, June 2.—The Illinois Steel Company
mills at South Chicago were closed down to-
night with the exception of the blast furnace.
Between 6,000 and 7,000 men were thrown out
of employment.

 

 

 

ONE WORD REVERSES A VERDICT,

te May Cause the Loss of 86,000 Damages
Given to a Raflroad Employee,

RocurstEr, June 2—Ono little word may
cause the loss of $6,000 to Mathew Quinlivan,
@ poor working man of this city. About a year
ago Quinlivan was injured while working on
the Buffalo, Rochester and Pitteburg road, and
he brought euit against the company, the jury
giving him 96,009 damages, From this the

led. In hia

railroad ap’ ving charge
to the iy Justice Vaal told them

that in order to find a verdict for the de-
fendant they would have to find that the

 

railroad com furnished a safe place
to work. The Appellate Division, in reversing
the judgment of the lower courts, finds that

if Justioe Nash had said the word “reasonably”
before the word “safe,” they could have affirmed
the (uderpent. ut because of this error of the
trial the Judge’

8 verdict must be set aside,
TEXAS'S ANTI-TRUST FIGHT USELESS,

 

Readmission of the Waters-Pierce Of] Com-
pany Disgusts the Anti-Monopoly Howlers.

Avstin, Tex., June 2.—The action of Secre-
tary of State D. H. Hardy in granting the new
Waters-Pierce Oil Company a permit to do
business in Texas after the old company had
been forever restrained by the United States
Supreme Court from operating in this State
has aroused a storm of protests from Demo-

cratic politicians and anti-trust agitators
throughout the State. Itis charged that after
the Biate had the gigantic trust downed it
bobbed up again in anew gulso end sot a hearty
welcome from the Atate officials and was rein-
stated in all of its legal rights ip Texas. In
answer to the charges Secr y of State Hardy
Bays ft he simply followed the interpretati
of the law as given him by Attorney-Gener;
Smith. The latter says the new company was
entitled mission, and if its application
had not granted it_ would

mu ita way into the State.

have manda-

 

A POLYGAMIST CONVICTED.

Dismissed Utah Postmaster Found Guilty by
a Jury in Salt Lake City,

Sat Lake, Utah, June 2.--John C. Graham,
formerly postmaster at Provo, this State,
who was removed by President McKinley be-
cause he waa living in polygamy, was oon-
victed to-day by a Jury in this city of unlawful
cohabitation. June 11 was set as the time for
passing sentence, .

Princess of Anhalt tn Washington.

WasninaTon, June 2.—The Princess Aribert of
Anhalt, daughter of Princess Christian and
granddaughter Of Queen Victoria, who arrived in
New York from Europe on Wed: esday, reached
Washington this afternoon and is the guest of
yates Pauncefote, the Britikh Ambassador, and

wady Pauncefote. The Princess is travellin
incognito as the Countess of Munsterburg, an
will probably rot accept any social invitations
Next week she will go to Canada. She is ac-
companiod by Fraulein von Chappins, as lady-
in-waiting.

Mr. Rockefeller Recovering Rapidly.

William G Rockefeller said yesterday that his
father, William Rockefeller, was recovering
rapidly from the effects of the operation for ap-

ndicitis that was performed last Monday and

hat bis general health was just as good as
could possibly be expected in the circumstances.

A despatch fro ‘arrytown last evening said
that Mr. Rockefeller waa still improving.

 

To Print 16,000 Copies of “Messages and
Papers of the Presidents,"’

WASHINGTON, June 2.—-The Senate this morn-
{na agreed toa concurrent resolution for the

printing of 16,000 additional copies of the docu-
ent known as ‘'Measages and |’apers of the
residents,’’ 10,000 copies of which are to
sold by the Superintendent of Documents at the
actual cost of publication,

The Market Is Flooded With Cheap Mineral
igs aa a Sw Bek

4

{

Fair and cooler to-day; fair and

a i

warmer to-morrow.

 

earnest ain tetn ee ee

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

SS ee

ETHELBERT IS CHAMPION,

DEFEATS JEAN BERAUD BASILY I8
THE BIG MATCH RACK.

 

 

Perry Belmont’s Great Four-Year-O1d Sets @
Killing Pace for More Than Three-Quarters
of a Milo at the Gravesend Track and
Then Draws Away After a Hard Straggle
~Willlam ©, Whitney's Horse Finally
Beaten by Ten Lengths—Nearly 25,000
Spectators Cheer the Victor—Twe ef the
Other Races Won by Whitney Horees,

Perry Belmont’s magnificent thoroughbred
Ethelbert, by Eothen and Maori, not only proved
his right to the title of champion four-yeare
old yesterday, but also convinced the majority
of turf followers that he is the best horse of any
age in training at the present time. Under the
most favorable conditions of track and weather,
Ethelbert, after a stirring race for three-quare
ters of a mile on the Gravesend track, fairly
galloped away from William C,, Whitney's craclg
four-year-old Jean Beraud, by His flighness
and Carrio C., and was ten lengtis ahead at the
finish, It was the finest kind of a test. The
horses carried even weights, 126 pounds, and
went to the poat in superb condition. No pains

had been spared in preparing them for the

encounter which, though literally a match
Trace, was technically a special sweepstakes of
$1,000 each, with $5,000 added by the Brooklya
Jockey Club,

The match was the immediate outcome of
the withdrawal of there flyers from the Brooke
lyn Handicap, run one week ago yesterday, be«
cause of the heavy going. Had the race been
delayed twenty minutes later than the fall of
the flag there might have been another disap
pointment, for a heavy thunderstorm broke
and the track was soon made holding on top,
Nearly twenty-five thousand enthusiasts saw
the battle, which was not only satisfactory
from a racing standpoint but also because
Ethelbert was a heavily backed 8 to 5 favorita,
The winner was ridden in expert fashion by
Danny Maher, while Turner gotall he could
out of Jean Beraud.

It had been planned in the Whitney stable
to cut Jean Beraud loose in the early stages
of the race with the idea of running Ethelbert
off his feet, but the Belmont horse was equal
to the emergency and neatly turned the tables,
The champion led by a short head for six fure
longs and when that distance had been covered
the procession began, for Jean Beraud was
gone and fell back with almost every stride,
The pace was so fast that all back records up
to and including seven furlongs were
broken, excepting the figurea for three-
quarters of a mile which were equalled.
The first half mile was run in 48 seconds flat,
The three-quarters were completed in 1:18 2-5,
which shows that it was a desperate rush for
victory from the very start. The mile was
run by Ethelbert in 1:41 1-5 and the whole
distance, one mile and a quarter, in 2:08 1-6,
the winner coming home in a gallop. Ethel
bert finished as fresh as a daisy, in striking
comparison to his rival.

MR. WHITNEY SURPRISED

Mr Belmont and Mr. Whitney watched the
race together from the clubhouse balcony.
To Mr. Whitney Ethelbert’s performance
was a surprise for he had been led to belleve
that Jean Beraud would cut out such @ kill-
ing pace at the outset there would be sure
defeat in store for Mr. Belmont’s wonderfu
colt, But when Ethelbert galloped home a
winner by ten lengths Mr. Whitney admitted
in his usual sportsmanlike way that Mr. Bele
mont had the champion four-year-old beyond
adoubt.

“Ethelbert always performs better than
is expected,” said Mr. Belmont to Tur SuN
man after the race, “He has surprised all
of us. It was a beautiful race for six furlongs
but after that Ethelbert showed his staming
and drew away quite easily.
him carefully prepared for the Suburban Alandle
cap, an event that I should very much like
to win, I stood with Mr. Whitney during
the race and he expressed himself as satise
fied that Ethelbert is the better four-yeare
old. There was one particular feature that
appears to me to be significant. My colors
are practically those of Harvard while Mr.
Whitney's colors are Yale's. IT am a Harvard
man and Mr. Whitney {s a Yale man. It was
therefore another triumph of the Crimson
over the Blue.”

Trainer Wimmer, who prepared Jean Berand,
said that the orders to Turner were to set a kille
ing pace if possible in order to beat Ethelbert
at an early stage, but the Belmont horse set the
pace himself and made it such a heartbreaker
that Jean Beraud was done for after the first
three-quarters of amile, Trainer Joyner, who
fitted Ethelbert. was particularly happy. He
said that his horse was the best thoroughbred
on the turf to-day. and would score other tre
umphs {n the future of even greater magni-
tude,

Ethelbert's one previous start this year was
in the Metropolitan Handicap at Morris Park,
which he won so easily that his greatness wag
impressed upon all close observers of turf events,
He was purchased when a two-year-old by
Mr. Belmont from Galway & Arkell for $16,000,
and raced all last year with considerable success,
As 4 two-year-old Jean Beraud was considered
at least fifteen pounds better than Ethelbert.
and for that matter he was rated at that time as
the champion in his class. He was bough®
from Gideon & Daly by Mr. Whitney for $40.
000, which was not thought exorbitant. Jeaa
Beraud was something of a disappointment as
a three-year-old, He was retired after winning
the Withers and the Belmont Stakes at Morris
Park. Last fal! Mr. Whitney turned his colt
over to Trainer Wimmer and the latter succeeded
in putting him into good running form,

The match was particularly attractive be-
cause of the prominence of the two owners
and the fact that such an affair has come to
be regarded as a novelty, The race was @
memorable spectacle because of the great
struggle for more than half the distance and
because of the greatness of the crowd. When
Ethelbert finally drew away there was an une
usual amount of enthusiasm, due to the pope
ularity of the horse and the temporary dis»
comfiture of the bookmakers, who were hard
hit by the result.

ENORMOUS CROWD AT THE TRACK.

The beautiful weather of the morning started
the populace early, Before noon thousands
were riding to the track near the sea where
the great thoroughbreds were to meet in @
race that everybody wanted to see, It was,
of course, understood and, in fact, was one of
the conditions named, that the race would not
be run unless the track was dry and fast and
the weather pleasant. Indications were so
favorable, however, that there was no fear
of a postponement, The crowd that attended
the races on Decoration Day at Gravesend
was virtually duplicated. There wasn't @
vacant seat in the grandstand when the first
race on the programme was Pun, and the bete
ting ring and lawn were overrun. The free
field was taxed to its utmost capacity until
there was an overflow which lined the inner
rail of the track from turn to turn. Special
trains drawn by big locomotives and buzzing
trolley cars, all on the same track, came down
from the city with passengers hanging on

with their eye teeth. Cabs, carriages and
many automobiles brought more enthusiasts
until the management sald that expectations

had been exceeded
The women were out in force, as usual, Thee

 

 

 

om jolene
Eg. & W. KE. & W. Eew,
All e white linen,
A cool shist for warm weather. =AdgQ

\

I shall now have °