eam

enti eee

a eS de nen «bested ase

 

 

2
Greases and hats made them look perhaps even
lovelier than on previous occasions, and as

filled the grand stand it was a radiant
ploture for any eye. Boctety wos represented
in iarger numbers than on ordinary occasions
because of the duel of the Belmont and Whit-
ney stables, and the clubhouse was soon filled
with many of Nen York's leading fashionables.
Down on the lawn there was @ promenade tn
which noted men mixed with the unknowns
and the aueer persons. Thegrandstand shut
off the breeze so that the air became stiflingly
hot. Collars wilted and handkerchiefs were

soaked from the mopping of brows. The bet-
ting ring was the same seething caldron. It
was #0 hot down there that several bettors
and bookmakers became faint and had to be
assisted into the open air to be revived.

Like all race-going crowds there was the ut-
most good nature and though there was no end
of inconvenience experienced in fighting one’s

and thither few lost their temper.
et of horse talk every moment from
the time the crowd boarded the cars for the
track until they were brought back to the alty \

dfor that matter itis not at all improbab °

at many are talking yet. lor what with
winners and losers and other events of import
there was plenty of food for discussion. There
was one innovation that made a hit with many.
Fakirs with little flags like those peddled to
spectators at college football games beset the
oneewre on all conveyances as they neared

e track, i

“Get yer winntn’ colors, gefits, the fakira
gang out, They had maroon or crimson flags
with theletter “Kin whitein the centre, stand:
{ng for Ethelbert and blue flags with “J. B ;
to represent Jean Beraud. When enough 0
these flags had heen distributed about for cash
it looked in some respects like a Harvard-Yale
crowd on the way ad time-honored battle be-
tween their old rivals.

It was a typical racing crowd, however, The
desire to bet was apparent on all sides The

‘an who lolled back in a comforte le private

x and told his commissioners to bet thousands
for him in the ring simply by raising their

ingers tot sharpeeved book-
mee ae ere te “a hte eicry So was

e man who counted over a dozen one-dollar
bills with tregibling fingers reanned a dope
book and (hen after making a bet rushed to the
rail where he watched the horses with bulging
eyes and haggard face. It was a crowd worth
looking at for it contained men and women
of all classes. Any kind of a man could be
picked out if necessary

SOME CROOKS THERE, TOO
“This is a field day for us.” said a Central

 

Office detective to Tur Sun man. “We can
ust stand around here and pick out many @
y mug who is drawn here by the crowd, the

excitement and tha money. If we have to
hurt anybody in particular we come to the
track, and it’s dollars to nickels, we find him
during the day. The crooks, however, don't
come down here as arule to turn a trick. They
are all gamblers and want to play the horses
like anvbody else, So long as they don’t molest
anybody we Jet them alone. except, of course,
when they are ‘wanted.’

Considerable attention was attracted by a
man whose clothing was of the latest stvle and
whose grandeur could not be overlooked. He
woe handsome and appeared to he in the banker

or broker class. His gray beard was cropped

close to his chin and a fragrant cigar was stuck
between histeeth. There was such an air of re-
finement about him that whenever he appeared
somebody was almost sure to say

“Wonder who hie is?

Finally the man was aceosted by another
whose appearance let in acray of Heht. The
second individual had a red and white striped
shirt, with collar and culls to mateh, a red neck-
tie with a bie diamond tn it, a suit of clothes
that was deafening pointed patent leather
shoes and a beaver hat that rested on his right

eyebrow

“Hello. Jake, old stocking!” was the way the

    

 

woeomer greeted the supposed banker or
roker, “How's de gune?’ Hey?’

wee was the lacome i

“Wot's doin’? Ia de eops on?”

“Yep! Had toclose down fora while! Some-
dy made a roar and that settled it, Guess
‘HL open at the Branch soon!”

“Open at de Branch\h ey? | Well, dat's
e game! Gimme a job dealin’? Yer know
kin deal the cards, can’t 1?

“T'H let you Know some day!" said the pros-

perous one as he backed away.

“He's a big gambler!" exclaimed one of
the regulars, “and the other guy is a cheap
faro bank dealer wot talks too loud and looks
the part.”

Three races had been decided and the big
event was slated to start at 4:10 o'clock, The
approaching storm with its black clouds and
streaks of lightning made the crowd worry
for it was feared that if the rain fell before
the cracks could be called to the post there
might be some slip up. There was a rush
to the paddock to see Ethelbert and Jean Bo-

aud when they were led in by stable boys,

heir owners were there, too, and they looked
the thoroughbreds over with critical eyes,
To the expert Jean Beraud looked more racy

than when he was a two-year-old, having
rown into a powerful horse, A colored stable
y sprang upon his back and he was led out
through the paddock gate for the usual

warming up gallop. The moment the Whit-
ney colt appeare’ there were murmurs of ap-
plause and expressions of satisfaction at the
way he worked, He was jogged up to the
head of the streteh and then his rider let him
come down by the grandstand at a rattling

clip.
. Pihere's nothing the matter with that horse,”
the veterans said. as they saw Jean Beraud
fly by the judges’ stand, “but let's wait until
we've seen Kthelbert.”
Mr. Belmont's crack horse was not slow
in coming into view, a few moments after his
val had returned to the paddock. Ethelbert
ad Maher. instead of a stable boy, in the saddle,
while an attendant led him on to the track
with a firm hold on the bridle. A boy, riding
@ pony, preceded the champion, and they went
Ww to the head of the stretcW at a snail's pace.
hen Maher wheeled Ethelbert around, how-
ver, there was a trausformation, The great
our-year-old began to run at a tremendous
oe, In fact as he flashed past the stand
it seemed as if Maher had lost control of him,
he jockey was astride of the horse's neck
his feet were sticking ont straight beyonce
Ethelbert's flaring nostrils and he was tugging
at the bridle for all he was worth. The strain
Was so great that before Ethelbert slowed up
@ saddle strap was broken. As the champion
was finally returned to the paddock, the wise
Men said in unison
“Ethelbert is a real racehorse to-day and
ought to win easily lie wants to run and
that's the whole thing.”

RUSH TO BACK ETHELBERT.

So there was a rush, headlong in nature, to
the betting ring when the bookmakers had made
reads jor the onslaught. The pencillers had
installed Ethelbert a7 to 10 favorite in the first

notations, with Jean Beraud at 6 to 5. The

athelbert money came in & flood that footed up

jookmakers took it aa
* figures, and then

into the thousands. The
long as they dared at the

  

many began to wipe their slates, The price
was finally cut to 8 to-S all around the ring,
and that was the closing quotation at poat
time. So much money was placed on Ethel-

bert that the books felt safe in lengthening Jean
Berayd’s price to 13 to 10, but that was not a
yory generous offer, the talent thought. The
fps », bdrring a few, had selected Ethelbert.
¢ rail birds said Ethelbert. The toute de-
decl, that Ethelbert was a cinch, and in fact
verybody who was considered anybody be-
lieved that Mr. Belimnont’s colt would win. For
that-reason the public thought that Jean
sr 8,price should have been more enticing.
ut the bookmakers, as usual, had their own
aor? They were not taking any chances,
an porhive some of they are sorry this morn-
ing hat they did not take chances.
he bugler sounded “Boots and saddles ”

d the jockeys, in the paddock, were receiving
fon instructions from their trainers. Starter

tzgerald had climbed into his carri
was on his way out to the point where he was
to drop hfs little red flag at the proper moment.
Track attendants were fixing the barrier and

thers were dragging aharrow over the surface

e crowd, pouring out of the betting ring
like a swarm of bees, hurried to vantage points.

th sides of the track were lined with white
aces and straw hats. There was bustle and
expectancy on every hand, A shout of warn-
ing, as it were, announced the coming of the

oroughbreds. Jean Beraud, with Jockey

rner,:-Was the first to put his head through
the gate. Turner's coat was light blue and fe
wore a brown cap.

“He looks as {ine as silk,” remarked the men
who had placed their money on the Whitney
colt and were now drumming up their cour
But just then Ethelbert, again led by the bridle,
Came on tothe track, and there was an immedi-
@te cheer. Jockey Maher wore a maroon jacket
with let hoops and a cap to match.

“Ethelbert was King of England,” said a
woman in the grand stand to a little man, half
her size, “and this Ethelbert is going to be an-
eoer king. I hope we win that $3. It would

frightful if we lost $5 trying to win $3.”

“Ethelbert is crazy to run_ to-day,” the rail

ds remarked. “See how Maher has to hold

im in check and how that man is clinging to
the bridle so he won't run away!”

The two horses paraded past the watching
multitude with perfect action and beautiful
grace. Phey were models of horseflesh and
almost human. Possibly they knew that their
Trace was one of the important turf features
of the year and that they were to carry with
them in their mad flight the money and hopes
of thoweands all over the United States, Per-

aps they watched each other narrowly aa
they jogged to the mark and perhaps, if they
could have spoken, they would hare exchanged
remarks of taunting confidence It has been
often sald that no animal is more human than
the horsa. The appearance and behavior of
these two splendid thoroug)breds did much
to convince those who had time to think
that there is more truth than poetry in this
remark. ;

6 and

“THEY'RE ory.”
They had reached the barrier and Starter
tzzerald, standing on the rail, was ready
or the first break. The horses were well be-
aved, in fact, both seemed anxious to begin
pe battle. They wheeled about and stood
front of the barrier, When all was ready
starter pressed the button, the barrier

 

flew upward with a jerk and the horses dashed
forward. They were on such even terms
that no advantage could be seen. Down went
the red flag in F tagerald s right bend and the
crowd jum) up and down shou :

“They're off! Wehey re off! Now for a race
of your life!”
ofruent hed fms roll, whieh we the only

vantage to yagi at thie s .

The moment they got Mtay Huhelbert began
to run with terrific s It was the pace that
kills and yet Jean Beraud, game and swift of
foot, was ya as fast with every leap. They
got straightened out for the run through, the
stretch past the overflowing stands, Side by
side they plu along, #0 close together that
a blanket could have covered their acks. In
fact, it seemed as if thei? Jockeys ad were like-

ly to come together and bruised.
Stride for astride, the two racehorses
came down between the lines of

white faces and straw hats. At first the great

crowd loghee on ja ailent admiration, | pee 06

it dawned upon the people what a ii | .

ing face was under way their enthusiasm got

the better of thern,

areck Ht wey soreamed. “Go it, Ethelbert!
reak his heart, Beraud!”

But it was Ethelbert who wae doing the heart
breaking. He travelled with a mighty stride
that fairly made him fly over the ground.
Jean Beraud was not’ setting the pace at all,
because he didn't have 8 enough in his
legs to do so. Instead, Turner was riding
the Whitney colt for he was worth
in order to hang on, It was noticed as they
finished the first quarter in front of the judges
stand that Ethelbert was running with better
ease and yet was going at record-breaking
speed. The quarter was covered in 0:23 %o,
and Ethelbert led by ashorthead, To many it
looked like an even thing, with neither horse
having the advantage of a nose. As they were
in the same astride, they shot along as if driven
by the same piece of machinery.

Reaching the clubhouse turn the horses
were so close together that the jockeys could
have pulled each other's caps off, They were
riding with their heads as well as with their
hands and feet, yet neither was showing any
great amount of exertion.

“There goes Beraud!
it seemed as if the Whitney colt
to forge ahead,

“Ethelbert holds him safe!” was the always
responding remark, which came from the
eagle-ey critics who were watching the
fiyers through cosily Deid glanses. It Was
still stride for stride as they neared the half-
mile fag and it was a pace that was slowly
kilung Jean Beraud. As they dashed past
this mark the official watch showed that 48
seconds had elapsed aince the horses had left
the atarter’s hands, which was record-break-
lug time for the track, the previous figures
being 0:48%. Kthelbert was still in front by
a short head, but to the novices it looked so
much like a dead heat that there were screams
of {or in all parta of the enclosure. i

“It's a grand race, no matter who wins!
sald Mr, Belmont to Mr. habs ig and so it
was. They were still neck neck at five
furlongs, which were covered in 1:00 2-5, an-
other new track record, as the best previous time
was 1:00'4, It was the pace, sure enough, that
was going to tell and the general public was
guessing plainly. Nobody except. the keen-
eyed veterans of iy turf had an idea which
thoroughbred would win at this stage and in
fact many could see but one horse, it seemed,
so closely were the animals running and so
consistently were they keeping in alignment
and stride, A

“There ain't a nose difference between 'em,
was a general comment as they straightened
out in the back stretch and dashed along still
breaking track records,

‘They've equalled the best time on this track
for three-quarters of a mile," ejaculated sev-
eral watch holders. “They've done itin 1:13 2-5,
which is the record.”

“Ethelbert leads by a head still!” This was
the announcement of the experts who could tell
what was happening better than the novices,
Jean Beraud was game and did not weaken yet.
But his time was coming, for Ethelbert, in spite
of the fast pace he had heen setting, began to
increase his speed and when he had reached
the seven furlong pole he was still a head in
front, having broken another track record for
that distance. Ethelbert’s time was 1:26 2-5 as
against 1:28, the best previous figures

ETHELBERT DRAWS AWAY.

That was the beginning of the end, however.
for Jean Beraud could not stand such a killing
pace and for the first time since the race was un-
der way, the Whitney horse was seen to falter. It
was Fthelbert’s opportunity and he selred it
with apparent perception, for in a Jiffy he was
opening up daylight between himself and Mr.
Whitney's expensive horse.

“There goes Ethelbert!" was the ery all over
the track. “He wins!"

As Mr. Brimont's grand horse drew away
there was a spasmodic ery of joy which,swelled
{nto a great cheer, Ethelbert opened up a ble
gap now in quick time, and when the mile was
reached he led by four lengths. They turned
into the stretch, The dust from Ethelbert's
hoofs was choking the game son of His High-
ness, who was beaten badly at that period, but
was still coming with all the strength that was
left in him, '

Maher had things easy from now on. He didn’t
move hand or foot, but kept the champion well
in havd as hehurried down the atretch once
again between the rows of white faces and straw
hats. It was five lengths, then six. A few
jumps more and it was eight, then ten, and it
might have been twenty if Ethelbert had been
ridden out hard to the wire. The champion got
an ovation all the way down to the end and so
did his rider, Maher. It was an easy victory
and so Impressive that there could be no dispute
as to the respective merits of the horses, Jean
Beraud Gnlshed well plugged out, He was
game to the end, but had been distanced by a
better and faster horse, That was all there was
to it. When blankets had been thrown over
the two rivals and they had been led away,
Mr, Belmont was congratulated on all sides,
and the first to congratulate him was Mr. Whit-

ney.
EB OTHER RACKS.

The spectal feature of the day wae preceded
by two established stake events, which would
have reconciled the crowd to any disappoint-

1ent in connection with the sweepstakes. A
handy fleld of seven weighed out for the Hud-
son Stakes, a five-furlong dash for two-year-
olds, worth $3,800. The Fleiachmanns with-

rew Bonnibert, in the belief that Irritable
could take care of the others, and the Iroquois
colt at once became an odds on favorite, W.
Cc. Whitney. add Prince Charles, and the
brown son of Yorkville Belle was heavily played
at odda which dropped from 4 to 1 to 7 to 2
The 18 to 1 shot, Prince Pepper, made the run-
ning after a good start and showed the way
for a quarter, with Green B. Morris's speedy
filly, Golden Age, next in order. Irritable
moved up fast on the home turn_and cut loose
for the wire in winning form, but Prince Charles
came through with a grand rush from fourth

yosition and won out by a neck. The favorite

fone on under pressure and beat Prince Pepper
three lengths for the place. Golden Age was
next, half a length away, and the finishing or-
der of the others was Humboldt, Schoolmaster
and Kimberly. It was the fastest race ever
run for the Hudson except that of last year,
when High Order carried 112 pounds to the
front in 1:01%4 ;

“First blood for Whitney!” was the general
ery in the ring and when Turner followed his
hand in the third race the superstitious hailed
itasa nappy omen for his next mount, Jean
Beraud, 1e third event was the historic
Cariton Stakes of $5,000, for three-year-olds,
at one mile, and it proved a fitting prelude for
the special sweepstakes. Magnificent and
Picardy were the only withdrawals, and the
eight left in furnished a strong field for specu-
lation. On his showing ia the first mile of the
Belmont at Morris Park, Mesmerist was made
favorite, but Standing, who outstayed the Al-
bert colt was then, practically ignored yesterday
in favor of MoMeekin, who carried a lot of
money at odds ranging from 4 to 1 to 6 to 2,
As inthe Hudson Stakes, Green B. Morris sent a

air, Modrigé and Pupil, but they were little

‘ancied and their chances were raged at 12 to 1.

he Keene candidate, Toddy, was better
thought of, and he waa held at 10 to 1,
while 20 to 1 was freely offered against Ildrim,
the Belmont winner.

The start was immediately tn front of the
stewards’ enclosure and tending, secured
an immense advantage by drawing No. 1 posi-
tion on the inside rail. Turner realized the
opportunity and rushed his colt when the
flag fell. Standing was more than equal to
the emergency and he clung to the rail and
the lead throughout. Turner shook him up
a bit in the stretch and he came home under
mild driving, a two-length winner. MoMeekin
became a factor in the stretch and raced through
in time to beat Mesmerist a_ length for the

lace. Modrine finished a fair fourth, with

‘oddy, Iidrim, Pupil and Hammock next in
order. Standing maintained a grand pace
from flag fall to finish and succeeded in cut-
ting two-fifths of a second off the track record
made by Briar Sweet, as a_ three-year-old,
with 114 pounds lip. in September, 1808. This
performance entitles the bia son of Candle-
mas to a place on the Carlton rollof honor,
which bears such noted names as Lothario,
The Hugenot, Don de Oro, Handspring, Coun-

ter Tenor, Hornpipe, Charade, Russell, Sir
Dixon and Hanover.

The storm clouds which threatened to swamp
the sweepstakes hecame denser afterward

was the cry when
was about

and the fifth race was decided in premature
twilight. The event was a selling dash of
five furlongs for maiden two-year-olds, and

the thirteen youngsters entered accepted the
issue, The result must have brought some
consolation to Mr. Whitney aa his beautifully
bred colt,Gold Heels, by The Bard—Heel and
Toe, ran 4 rare finish and beat Handy Man
a neck. Gold Heels was the public choice
and his victory was hailed with enthusiaam.
CInbhouse members were Ragtiowlarly jue
bilant and congratulated Mr. Whitney on the
possession of two such exceptional youngsters
as Prince Charles and Gold Heels. Had he
scored also with Jean Beraud it would have
been a startling slice of fortune, but as matters
turned out he wound up the only double win-
ner of the day.

The storm burstin earnest before the last race
and changed the conditionof the track 90 rapidly
that the talent. got twisted. Kris Kringle
opened favorite, but was supplanted by Lamp
Globe, while the other starters were not seri-
ously considered. \!\tchell hustled Kris Kringle
to the front at once and, holding Lamp Globe
safe all the way, won by a length and a half.
The others were beaten off. The summary;
HI eight handicap fa ore
wi cap for all ages; by subseri;
of $1 tach, OF $8 if declared, to tne winner, wii $700

 

added, of which $126 10 second and 878 to third; about AUTO. RUN TO QU AKERTOWN

ix furl

jougs:

ED, Morgan's Db Bias Devil, 6, by St Andrew—
) , 127 (Spencer) ...++ piaetee tense eas

J. HM Oormack’s » bh, Peep o’ Day, aged, 183
GIOMMIDE os cor creer nsercceeseneremsssonsnre®

E. L. Gravea’s ch. h. Hellobas, 4, 135 (0 Connor) ..
Vulcan Vesuvian, The Rush, Autumn, His Royal

Highness, Decimal and Robert Metcalf also ran.

ime i a Blue Devil, 12 10 1
—Fight to | agains °

Peep" y, Sw 5 Helichas, 7 to 1 Vuleain, 12 to }

Vesuvian, 20 to | The Kush, 9 to 2 Autumn, 10 to

Hie Royal Highness, 300 to 1 Decimal, $0 to 1 Rober
letcalt,

SECOND RACK hte

The Hudson Stakes of $3,500 for two-year $
by subscription of $50 each, or $10 If declared LF a)
1; $100 additional for starters, the elub 4 5 a
amount necessary to make the gross value of ae
$3,500, of which $400 to greond, ane 900 to third;

nalties and allowances, five furlongs.
W's Whitney's br, 6 Prinee Charles, by Loyal- ‘

ist—Yorkville Belle, 115 (Turner)... ... 5400
© Fleischmann’'s Sons’ ch, ¢. Irritable, 125 (Maher) 2
The Pepper Stable’s ch, ¢, Prince Pepper, 115 (Jen-

TOTO TS my eer

Humboldt, Golden Age, Schoolmaster and Kim-

berley also ran. ™ 10 08
me, 3-5,

Betting —Seven to 2 against Prince Charles, 71910
Irritable, 15 to 1 Prince Pepper, 100 to 1 Hum » t,
9 to 2 Golden Age and Schoo master, coupled aa Green
B, Morris's entry, 9 to 1 Kimberley.

THIRD RACE

The Carlton Stakes of $5,000 for three-year-olds;
by subscription of $150 each, half forfelt, or $25 if
declared by Jan. 1; the club to add an amount Deces-
sary to make the gross value of the race $5,000, of
whieh $700 to second and $300 to third; non-winners
of $3,500 in 1900 allowed 7 pounds, of 82,500, 15

unds; one mile:

Roche's ch. c Standing, by Candlemas--The

Lioness, 111 (Turners)... ess. ceecee scr sec tees 8
W. M. Barrick’s b,c, MeMeekin, 111 (Mitchell) . . 2
A. Featherstone’s cb, c. Mesmertst, 111 (O'Connor) 3

Hammock, Ildrim, Modrine, Pupil and Toddy also

ran,
Time, 1:40 3-5.

Betting—Nine to 2 against Standing, 5 to 2
MeMeekin, 7 to 5 Mesmerist, 100 to 1 Hammock, 20 tol
Ildrim, 12 to 1 Modrine and Pupil coupled as Green B.
Morris's entry, 10 to 1 Toddy.

FOURTH RACE.
1 sweepstakes of $1,000 each, half forfett,
or $5 if declared on May 31; for four-year-olds; with
$5,000 added: to carry 126 pounds; good day and good
track, which shall determined by the stewards;
Jean Bereaud and Evhelbert to start or no race; one
mile and a quarter:
Perry Belmont's b. b. Ethelbert, by Eothen —Maort,

VPA (Maher eee ne ee een 1

W. C. Whitney’s b. h. Jean Beraud, 126 (Turner)... 2
Time, 2:06 1-5,

Retting Ten to 7 on Ethelbert, 6 to S against Jean

Beraud
FIFTH RACE,

For maiden two-year-olds; by subscription of $10
each, to the winner; with $700 added, of which $125
to second and $75 to third; selling allowances, five
furlongs:

W. C, Whitney's b. ¢ Gold Heels, by The Bard —

Heel and Toe, 104 (Odom) ...... 6 cee eee eens
Deime! & Farrell's b, ¢. Handy Man, 102 (0’Connor) 2
W. Lakeland's b. f, Fatr Rosamond, 00 (Frasch).. 3

Frank Hall, Silverplush, Jils Greenwood, Egotism,
Ada Beatrice, San [uts, Water Plant, Ford, Edge
worth and Mudder also ran.

Time, 1:02 4-5,

Betting —Seven to 5 against Gold Heels, 4 to 1
Handy Man, 25 to 1 Fatr Rosamond, 5 to 2 Frank
Hall, 20 to 1 Silverplush, 15 to 1 Jils Greenwood, 20
to 1 Egotism, 200 to 1 Ada Beatrice, 100 to 1 San Luts,
15 to 1 Water Plant, 10 to 1 Ford, 7 1 Edgeworth,
30 to 1 Mudder.

SIXTH RACE.

Selling; for three year-olds and upward; by sub-
seription of $10 each, to the winner; with $700 added,
of which $125 to second and $75 to third; one mile
and a sixteenth:

Colt & Littauer's b. ¢. Kriss Kringle, $8, by Spring-
bok--Brune, 105 (Mitchell)... 6... cs ce ener cee
Johnston & Skinner's ch, c, Lamp Globe, 3, 06(Dang-

MAN) ...-6- ° sperese
O, L. Richards's b. ¢. Post Haste, 3, 100 (McCue)., 3

Tyrshena also ran,

Time, 1:44.

Betting —Eight to 5 against Kriss Kringle, 6 to 5
Lamp Globe, 10 to 1 Post Haste, 6 to 1 Tyrshena.

EDWARD SHUPE ARRESTED.
Young Man Who Shot His Father Attempts
Suicide When Caught.

Norristown, Pa., June 2..-Edward Shupe,
who shot his father last night was arrested this
evening. When Constable George Johnson
tried toarrest him he defied him saying he
could not be taken alive, Saupe then took a
bottle of carbolic acid from his pocket and
swallowed the contents. The poison threw
him into paroxysms, but by the use of antl-
dotes and a stomach pump he was relieved.
On the way to Magistrate Zimmerman’'s office
he again tried to take his life with the pistol
with which he had shot his father, out the con-
stable was too quick,

The magistrate committed Shupe to the
county ja'lto await the result of the elder
Shupe’s injuries,

 

 

 

KATONAH VILLAGE SOLD OFF.
Remaining Buildings Go at Auction for a
Little More Than 8300.

KaTonan, June 2.—Following the sale of Pur-
dy’s Village, in the northern part of Westchester
county, at public auction for $1,612 yesterday,
the remaining houses, churches and buildings
in the old village of Katonah were gold
under the auctioneer’s hammer to-day for a
little over $809, As soonas the buildings sold
are removed to the new villages. which the
residents have founded, old atonah and
Purdys will cease to be. Both have been con-
demned by the New York Watershed Commis-
sioners for the sanitary protection of | the
Croton watershed and also to make room for a
new reservoir. The old Presbyterian church
was sold for $175 to William Daniels. The
chapel brought $120.

CONSOLIDATED RUBBER COMPANY,

 

The Cencern Decides to Make Its Own Goods
—Wants Complete Independence.

AKRON, Ohio, June 2,—The Consolidated Rub-
ber Company of New York city, which has a
capital of $20,000,000, has purchased a site in
East Akron and will erect mammoth shops.
This company has never before manufactured
any of {ts own products and the Akron rubber
factories have done almost all of |ta work. The
company has now determined to be independent
of outside concerns and has selected Akron for
the seat of its factory. More than 500 persons
will be employed at the outset

 

Thirty Passengors tn a Runaway Trolley Car.

READING, Pa., June 2.—During a violent rain-
storm this afternoon, a trolley car on the Woel-
dort road got beyond the control of the motor-
man, owing to slippery rails and crashed down
hillintoa repair car standing on the track
Thirty passengers were hurled from their seats
and six were hurt, Those inost severely injured
were: William Coxe, Philip Reitnauer, May
Hull, William Snyder, Francia Schoener, Lillle
Krick and. William Latshaw,

 

 
 
 
   
   

a= ao.
a are a
(ORE Lal ut ad
ROR MAI Lee

E HAVE THE
TRUMPTHAT WINS

Ze 1> LA aes
G7 5\- Rep Need Pi
CL Lae Lee

A i

        
  

      
   
   
     
       
        
       

 

AI nAAWwAMAPA el ,

  
 

  

IT'S A

Cool, Comfortable
Blue Serge Suit

to your measure at

15>

which positively can’t be duplicated else
where under $18 to $20.

Don’t Pass--
Take This Trick!

Samples and Self-\easurement Blank
Malled Free.

LE
LAILODRS
229 Broadway, Opp, P, oO.

One Door NOR

   
  

i

     

 

TWENTY START AND THREE HAD
FINISHED BY 9 O'CLOCK.

They Leave the Waldorf-Astoria at 7:30 In
the Morning and a Machine Plastered With
Advertisements Gets to Princeton First
—The Club Votes the Ran 4& Success’
PHILADELPHIA, June 2.—At 7:30 o'clock yes-
terday morning twenty motor vehicles left the
Waldorf-Astoria in New York with Phila-
delphia as their destination. Eighteen of
the machines belonged to members of
the Automobile Club of America, which
had scheduled the trip as a test of the
‘sporting blood” of its members and the prac-
ticability of thelr machines. It was not ex-
pected that ao many would start and the sur-
prise for every one occurred when it became
known that two electric machines would un-
dertake the journey.
There were eight automobiles run by steam
with boiler, the same as a locomotive, eight
gasoline vehicles and the two electrics men-
tioned, one of which was the Riker car-
riage that won the fifty-mile race from
Springfield to Babylon a month ago. The
other two machines were both of the gaso-
line motor kind. One was a tricycle ridden
by C. H. Metz, formerly an amateur cycle racer,
who captured many prizes and the other was a
machine that belonged to a Iamp-making con-
cern and was disfigured by oilcloth banners an-
nouncing the fact.
Of the twenty machines nineteen crossed the
ferry from Tottenville to Perth Amboy, but
none arrived in time for the dinner scheduled
for 12:30 at Princeton and up to 90'clock to-
night only three had arrived at the desti-
nation. The advertising machine reached
Princeton first, but the first carriage of the
club run to arrive contained George F, Cham-
beriain, President of the Automobile Ciub, aud
his brother, ©. C. Chamberlain. The carriage
of the Pres

ident, a @-horea power gasoline
machine of American make, was the first to
arrive atthe Belleyue Hotel, which was the
terminal here '
Princeton was reached by President Cham-
berlain at 12:21, which was nine minutes ahead
of the time set for dinner. The same machine
arrived in front of the Bellevue at 7:22 o'clock
this evening, containing President Chamber-
lain and Geerge H, Macy, Dr. Chamberlain hav-
ing returned to New York from Princeton. The
second machine arrived at 7:36 o'clock. It also
was one propelled by gasoline. It was Percy
Owen's runabout, with ©. S. MoFarland as
engineer, The third machine to draw up in
front of the hotel was Metz’s tricycle, and that
is allof the twenty that have arrived at this
writing
Metz on his tricycle was actually the first of
all to reach Prindeton and also Camden He
left his tricyele at Camden, went to the hotel
then returned, got his machine and yet finishec
third at the hotel on Broad street. Both of the
electrical machinesreached Princeton and there
were fourteen members of the club who dined

 

there together
The oficial thme of the start from Princeton
was 3:40 P. M., as taken by President Chamber-
lain Literay speaking the autos @ taway in
a bunch. These who finished said that the
worst part of the journey was between Moores-
town and Camden. It would not have been so
had they done as the bicy-
clists) do when leaving Moorestown
at the west end—taken the left fork of the road
roceeded to Cooperstown and thence to
Camden, This is what Metz did on the advice
of cyclists. It involves three miles more on the
distance, but the road is fine and saves half an
hourin time.
There were, so far as is known, no serious
mishapsand this being the first run of any
motor vehicle club in this country for sucha
distance, it is thought by the members of the
Automobile Club to be a triumphant demon-
the present

and

stration of the practicability o
type of machines.

he line-up in Astor Court at 7:30 yesterday
was asmuch a miamanaged affair as
one could well conceive, Unexpectedly every
one appeared ahead of time. Whenever any
started for South Ferry
and [front and no rule about

mornin,

one got ready ¢
There was no hea
keeping in ling.

 

FOR THE PHILIPPINES.

CAVALRY

 

Twelve Troops to Be Sent at the Request of
Gen, MacArthur.

Wasninaton, June2,—Gen, Theodore Schwan,
formerly chief of Gen. Otis's staff in Manila,
arrived in Washington this morning and re-
ported immediately to the War Department.
He hada brief conference with the Secretary
of War in regard to the situation in the Philip-
pines and with particular reference to the re-
cent cablegram from Gen, MacArthur asking
for additional cavalry regiments. Gen. Schwan

that the cavalry has done ex-
service in the Philippines and that
the experience of the last vampatgn
has demonstrated not only their fitness
for such service but that they are greativ
needed for the work of patrolling the country
and keeping open the communication between
the island garrisons. Preparations to supply
Gen. MacArthur with additional cavalry are
now being made. It has been decided to send
some time next month two battalions of four
troops each of the Sixth Cavalry to Manila, and
four more battalions selected from other
Regular cavalry regiments will be sent some
time early inthe fall. This arrangement has
been determined upon, independent of what
troops will be sent to the Philippines from Cuba
after the Cuban elections. The cavalry bat-
talions, however, Will not increase the military
force of the I+land, as they willonly take the
placo of Invalided battalions to be sent home
aa rapidly as the other battalions arrive,

believes
cellent

To Be Examined for Appointment in the
Marine Corps.

WasuInaton, June 2.—The following named
young men have been designated for axam-
ination for appointment as Second Lieutenants
in the Marine Corps, the examinations to ba
held June 4:
Hilary A. Herbert, Jr., Alabama; Ellis Rell
Miller, lowa Falls, Ia.; Walter L. Huff, Wood-
bury, N. J.; Franklin 8. Wiltse, New York;
Charles H. Rich, Massachusetts; Edward B.
Manwaring, Jr., Wisconsin; Thomas M. Clin-
ton, Maryland; Eerey F. Archer, Maryland;
Chandler Campbell, West Virginia; Raymond
W. Dikeman, Michigan; Frank Halford, Wash-
ington, D. C.; George Albert Birch, Washing-
ton, D. C.) Nathaniel L. Hurd, Wisconsin; Ray-
mond B. Sullivan, Colorado; Edward A. Greene,
Georgia; Joseph Hill; James Kennon Tracy,
New Hampshire; Giles Bishop, Jr., Connecti-
rederick R. Kempff, Missouri; William
1. Walker, Massachusetts; Robert C. Dewey,
Tit@ifield, Minn.

Killed and Wounded tn the Philippines.
Wasninoton, June 2.—Gen. MacArthur at
Manila sends the following list of casualties:
Killed--April 28, at Patonongan, Panay, Com-

ny _E, Forty-fourth Infantry, Corporal
Teoeoh P. Griffin: Company G, Forty-fourth In-
fantrv, Corporal John Ryan; May 15, at

Amontec, Luzon, Company E Forty-elghth In-
fantry, Corporal Lewis Washington; May 24, at

     

———— ees

YOSEMITE STAGES HBLD UP.

aceon
Three of Them Robbed—Two Regular Soldiers
\Also Made to Give Up Their Guns.

RayMonn, Cal., June 2.—The seoond robbery
this season of a Yosemite Valley stage occurred
this norning when three of the Yosemite Stage
Company's coaches were held up and robbed,
as well as one private carriage. Two United
States soldiers, who were a little ahead of the de-
tachment of Sixth Cavalry on the way to the
valley to guard the reservation against

sheep and cattle trespassers, were also
robbed. The robberies occured near Grub
Gulch, a few miles from Raymond,
Which is the terminus of the railroad. The -
bers selected a place thickly overgrown wit
chaparral, At turn of the road going up hill
they first stopped Sergt, Buchanan and an-
other trooper, who had been sent out in ad-
vance of sixty-seven men of Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry, to select a camping place. This cav-
alry troop is in charge of } ajor Rucker and
Capt. E. BE. Wilcox. The highwaymen got the
drop on the two unsuspecting troopers and
made them handover their guns. Then they
niade the troopers dismount and wait until the
stages came up. The first stage that appear
Was stopped by one of the robbers, who banded
me, driver a card reading “Black Kid” an
said:

“They fooled me on Big Oak Flat road, but
you can’t this time.”

The robber then took “p a hat belonging to
T. H. Griffith of the Southern Pacific Raflroad
Company, a passenger on the stage, and ool-
lected $150 from the passengers, after which he
ordered the driver to go on. Bach stage waa
held up, the robbers getting about $350. The
mail and express matter was not molested.

The robbers acted like experienced hands and
from a remark that the leader made it is plain
that he was the man who recently rob! two
stages on the Big Oak Flat road, one of the
routes to the Yosemite. Until this season the
Yosemite stages route have been almost en-
tirely free from robberies, though it is notorious
as tourists carry considerable money into the
valley,

ROBBERS POSED AS ARTISTS.

 

Bank Thieves Had a Studio in Chicago—Ia-
trigue With Two Girls,

Crteaao, June 2.~Frank Rutledge and Fred
Lee Rice, arrested last night for complicity tn
bank robberies in Toronto, Ontarto, have been
posing in this city aa artists and men of fashion
for several years. They maintained a luxur-
fously furnished “studio” at 1355 Michigan
avenue, where they received the young women
for whom they advertised as artists’ models.
Two of these young women, Myrtle V. Norrie
and Martha Dwyer, were found to-day by the
police, They are the daughters of respectable
parents, Thegiris, without the knowledge of
their parents, had answered advertisements
for artists’ models nearly two years ago. The
young women said they were entirely ignorant
of the real business of the men.

When the true nature of affairs was learned
there was much weeping for the deluded girls
frankly acknowledged that they were in love
with the alleged safe-erackers. According to
their story, they called at 1555 Michigan avenue,
where the “studio” was situaten, The girls
posed and hundreds of drawings were made.
A}l these are now in the hands of Chief Kipley,
having been found in Rutledge’s trunk, which
was confiscated in the raid yeaterday

Dinners, theatre parties, automobile rides
and presents of Jewelry soon won the hearts
of the girls and they aécepted the proposals
of the two men to become their brides. In
the roonis were found several trunks and ward-
robes filled with clothing made by fashionable
tailors, The arrest of the men was brought
about by a woman in Toronto who was in love
with Rutledge and who in a fit of jealousy on
hearing of his affair with the Norrie girl in Chi-
cago notified the police of his true character.

  
 

 

VARIAG MAKES A GOOD SHOWING.

The Cramps Pleased With the Performance of
the Rassian Cralser.

PHitaprLryta, June 2.—The Russian cruiser
Variag returned from her builders’ trial trip
early this morning. It wassaid by a member
of the Cramp shipbuilding firm that the trial
had been in every way satisfactory. Last night
she developed a speed under natural draft of
22 knots an hour with one of her boilers not in
use, and the builders have no doubt that she
will be able to maintain for twelve_ hours the
required speed of 28 knots an hour, During the
trial the engines worked perfectly. The vibra-
tions were scarcely perceptible and sne was
uncommonly steady under a full head of steam
jn a moderately rough sea, Although one
boller was not in uze the engines made 150 revo-
lutions a minute and ran without water on the
bearings and without any pounding. Her sta
bility under gun fire was also thoroughly tasted
and the Kussian oMlcers were delighted with
ler

The Variag has thirty boilers with 9,420 tubes,
which wive a heating area of 55,000 square feet.
Her official trial trip will take place in July
and, {f acoapted, she will go into commission In
August. One hundred Russian sailors are al-
ready here and 49 more will besentina few
weeks from Russia to serve on her.

 

MARCON! IS HERE AGAIN,

 

Wireless Telography Mana Passenger on the
American Liner St. Paul,

The American liner St, Paul, which arrived
yesterday from Southampton and Cherbourg,
had an unusually large summer list of home-
coming Americans, and a few dietinguished
foreigners. Marconi, the wireless telegraph ex-
pert, Was among the latter, and with the former
were Gen. Stewart L. Woodford, former Minis-
ter to Spain; Lieutenant-Commander J, C, Col-
well, Naval Attache of the American Embassy
at London, T. Jetferson Coolidge, and Herbert
J. Hagerman, Second Secretary to the United
States Embassy at St. Petersburg. Mr. Mar-
coni said that he had come here on private busi-
ness, He had little baggage otherwise than
a wireless telegraph outilt. He said that he
had not been in South Africa during the war,
byt that his assistants had experimonted with
his system there, using it between war vessels
off the coast, and between the war vessels and
the shore, Messages had been sent 100 miles
under favorable conditions,

Case of Smallpox in the Pretorla’s Steerage.

G, Wolff, a Russian immigrant aboerd the
Hamburg-American steamship Pretoria, which
arrived yesterday from Hamburg, Boulogne
and Plymouth, fell {ll with smallpox on Sundar
and was isolated In the ship’s hospital, The
Benen was removed to North Brother Island;
fty persons who had been in the same com-
pareaens with him were sent to Hoffman
slund for observation, and the steamship, after
disinfection, Was permitted to proceed to her
dock in Hoboken

 

A SORRY SIGHT —

It is, to see a strong man shaken like a
reed by a paroxysm of coughing, which
leaves him 1 gesping for breath. People
have suffered with bronchial affections
for years, with obstinate, stubborn cough

end growing weakness. They have ed
doctors and medi-

  
  

Maruguina, Luzon, Company Bb, Twenty- cines in vain. At

seventh Infantry, Serat. Jamen Berry. . last they have been
ounde pril 20, a Ayagon, anay, i

Company H, Forty-fourth Infantry, John F. induced 2 try Dr.

Broderick, in leg beiow knee, serious; April 28, Pierce sGolden Med-

at Patonongan, Panay, Company &, Forty- ical Discovery, with

ourth Infantry, Second Lieut. Gustave F, the general result

Schlachter, in thigh, serious, and Edward
Kuch, in arm, slight.

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, June 2—These naval orders have
been Issued

Naval Cadets S. Gannon, A. B, Keating, W. Smith,
W. G. Mitehell, H. L. Wyman, W. B, Ferguson, JA.
Spilman, H. K, Gage, W. F. . R. Kear, W.
J. KR. Detrees, E. S. Jackson, Jr., C. P.
Snyder and J. G. Church, from the Naval Academy
to the training station, Newport, R. L., for course of
instruction at torpedo station.
Chaplain R. R. Hors, from the Wabast to the Kear-
age. instead of the Monongahela.
Chaplain H, W. Jones, from the Navy Yard at Pen-
saople to the Monongahela,
Aeu ackson, from the Naval A
the Asiatic station. aor e

cEntee,

 

Canal Bill woes Over to Dec. 10.

WASHINOTON, June 2,—In the Senate to-day
atthe request of Mr. Morgan (Dem., Ala),
chairman of the Committee on Interoceanic
Canals, the Hepburn Nicaraga Canai bill was
made a special order for Monday, Dec. 10, 1900

GURGEESEEggENRTEENER
Seaboard Air Line Completed.

RicuMmonp, Va., June 2.—-The last link in the
Seaboard Air Line system, which con-
nects Washington with Tampa, Fla. was
completed here this afternoon when John
Skelton Williams, Jr. son of the Presi-
dent of the road, drove home a golden
spike with a silver hammer. Following the
ceremony there were apeeches by the Governor
Mayor, and a number of distinguished railroac
mef and civilians, A banquet at the Jefferson
Hotel to-niaht and more speech making ended
the festivities.

 

Father Keily to Become a Bishop To-day.
RicHMOND, Va., June 2.—Father Benjamin J.
Keily, brother of the Hon. A. M. Keily, Judge
of the International Court at Cairo, Kgypt,
will be consecrated here to-morrow Bi

Savannah. Cardinal Gibbons will offciainy”

oa
a
ar a

cn sts srs <item sl SSS SSS SSS Ss sss SPS SSS ts SSS SN

experienced by all
who put this wonder-
ful medicine to the
test—help at on
and a opesd -—
For coughs, bron-
chial affections, weak
lungs, spitting of
blood, and other
cieeaien of the or-
gans of respiration
“Golden Medi
Discovery” is prac-
tically a specific, It
always helps; it al-
most always cures,

"I had been troubled
with bronchitis and
catarrh of the head for
eight years; had severe
cough, and at times great
difficulty in breathing,”
writes J. W. Howerton,
Esq., of Bigfall, Hancock
Co, Tenn. *A portion
of the time my appetite
was poor and part of the
time! was unable to do
anything. I had been
our best country grriciens for

\ it. Lhad been
reading about your medicine for a long time
but hadn't much faith in it. Last spring con-
cluded I would try it, and before had taken
one-third of a bottle of Dr. Plerce's Golden
Medical Discovery I began to mend, I con-
tinued taking it until I had taken several
bottles. Took Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets also,
Now I feel like a new man, and cam do as
@ day's work as any one.”

Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing on/y. Send 21 one-cent stam
for paper covered, or 31 stampe for cloth

toDr-RV. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y,

 

treated by
several years but with little bene!

The

ean tastrement by

Acolten Grand, Price $780
Other styles $76 to $2,800.

music one’s self.

available.

Brooklyn,
500 Fulton Street.

800 Fulton Street.

 

BEST.&CO

yuPeTAN AZAR

 

ties.

correct style.

to $6.00, according to materials.

REYNOLDS STILL IN HARD LUCK.

The Man Who Wants to Sell His Blood
Finds No Bidders for It.

Joseph A. Reynolds, who sent a letter to Supt.
©'Rourke of Bellevue Hospital, offering to sell
some of his vigorous, young blood to any
anemic person who would pay him $15 or $20
for it, sald last night that hard luck was atill
pursuing him and his wife.

‘Two letters came to me to-day,” said he, “at
my flat, 203 West Ninety-eighth street, and both
| were from persons who had evidently read of
my plight. One was from Mrs. A. Everts. She
told me if I would call on her husband she
could) promise that I would get work.
But she forgot to put in her husband's
address, The other was from the superin-
tendent of the Park Row builaing, who wrote
that if I wouldecall there before 1 o'clock this
afternoon he would give me a job, I did not
get the letter until after 5 o'clopk, or four hours
after the limit of the time the job was open for

-.
“A third letter, however, came to me and it
hada one-dollar bill inclosed. There was no
signature or anything else in the envelope,
siinvly ablank piece of paper and the bill. t
don't despair, however, as I believe that I will
begin work tor McCabe Brothers on the Rapid
Transit tunnel on Tuesday.’’

Reynclds said last night that he was much
distressed over the publicity Supt. O'Rourke
had given to hisletter. He felt that the letter
should have been treated as a confidential
communication

 

a
nn

 

TRIED TO END HER LIFE.

| Girl Caught Just as She Was About to
| Plange From the Pier,

A girl about 19 years old, with blonde hair,
loitered yesterday afternoon about the ice
dock at the foot of East Eleventh street. At 6
o'clock she went to the foot of East Fourteenth
street. Asshestarted to run out on the pier
some men pursued her and caught her just as

she was about to jump into the river
' “Oh, let me gol’ she cried. “I don't want to
live. My friends wont care.”’ She struggled
with the men and was finally arrested by Po-
liceman McDermott, who took her to the Union
Market station. There she refused to give her
name or address, The matron could find noth-
ing on hr by means of which she could
be identified. She was taken a prisoner to
Bellevue Hospital, where she said that she was
Hattie Smith of 348 Weat Forty-fifth street. A
family named Smith live in that house, but
they disclaim all knowledge of any Hattie
Smith or of any girl answering the description
of the would-be suloide. The giri said that
she had been a saleswoman In a department
store, but had lost her place on Wednesday.

Killed Herself After a Quarrel.

Mra, Jobanna O’Donohue, 55 years old, the
wife of a carpenter of 401 Manhattan avenue,
Williamsburg, after a quarrel on Friday night

with her husband told him she would never
uarrel with him again. O©'Donohne went out
On his return he found his wife insensible on a
lounge and beside her lay a bottle which had
contained carbolic acid. Mrs. O’Donohue was
taken to St. Catherine's Hospital where uns«uc-
cesaful efforts were made to save her life. She
died vesterday morning without having re-
gained consciousness,

 

Salesman Kilis Himself.

Alexander Goldamith, a salesman of 1159
Forest avenue, committed suicide yesterday
Goldsmith, nt 62 West 120th street, by drinking

0 a es s
| earbolio acid, Le

orchestra brought within the home
uo the rich Geld of orchestral a to y
At its technical capacity {s unlimited, it enables the player to execute e note of the
itis next to imposn!ble for two hands to aplah
fle the Acolian pee net eee esis manent beyond those tb

master af the sion,
e fascination. It t responsive to the player's every feeling,
PRICES RANGE FROM 976 TO 93,500.

The PIANOLA

eans of which any one can play the piano.

 

 

No Summer Home is considered to be
complete without an Aeolian or a Pianola,

AEOLIAN

and can be played by every member of the
unic to every one.

accom, >
@ most ekilful

rofeasivnel plantsts by making the entire

without
‘elt-covered fin: that rest on the

PRICE, 9260.

The great popu-
larity of these

instruments in
Summer homes

is a pertinent illustration of their practical value.
In these retreats away from musicel entertainment
ean Aeolian or a Pianola provides the pleasure of
hearing any composition one’s mood may call for
any time, with the added pleasure of producing the

Symphonies, overtures, or rag-time favorites
may be summoned at will. Dance music is always

They are an inexhaustible source of entertain-
ment and invaluable allies to the hostess, for they
always know how to play.

THE AEOLIAN COMPANY,

New York,
18 West 23d Street,

THE ABOLIAN COMPANY announce that owing to the rapidly
increasing demand for the Acollan and the Pianola among Brook-
lyn residents, they have opened A BROOKLYN BRANCH at

 
 

The Wear and Tear
on a Boy’s Suit

Are apt to be out of proportion to its resistant quali-

For this reason it is always best to buy Boys’
Clothing where it is made, from first to last, with a view
to its durability. Long experience in boys’ tailoring has
made our tailors experts, and every garment that leaves
their hands bears the stamp of careful thought in the se-
lection of materials and of perfect finish combined with

Our Wash Suita. '
Sailor Suita of galatea, seersucker, linen crash and madras; sizes 9 to 12 years, $2.28
Also
Russian Blouse Suits, in suitable materials, hand embrotdered; sizes 8 to 8 years,

Double-Breasted Suits of white duck, brown linen and crash; sizes 7 to 16 years,
Bicycle Suits of same materials; sizes 7 to 16 years.

60-62 West 23d Street.

|

ILLNESS OF THE REV. DR. R, S, STORRS,
Not Able to Welcome His Saccessor to the
Church of the Pilgrims To-day.

The Rev. Dr. R. S. Storrs, the venerable pas-
tor emeritus of the Church of the Pilgrims in
Brooklyn, has not gained any strength since he
resigned his pastoral cares last November,
owing to the Increasing weight of years and
enfeebled health. He has been confined to his
home at 80 Pierrepont street for the past month
and fortwo weeks has not left his room. It was
the ardent wish of his congregation that he might
be able to be present at the services this morn-
ing when the Rev. Dr. Harry Pinneo Dewey,
his successor, will begin his pastorate. It ‘9
hoved that Dr. Storrs may be able to partim-
pate in the formal reception to Dr. Dewey,
which will probably take place before the close
of the month.

r. F. H. Colton of 186 Montague street,
who is Dr. Storra’s physician, said last night:

“Dr. Storrs has been losing strength for the
less week or two and is now in a eeble con-

on

At the house it was said that Dr. Storrs had

m comfortable during the day

The Kev. Dr. Dewey arrived in Brooklyn yes-
terday from Concord, N. H., and for the present
will be the guest of Mr. 8. 8. Chittenden at his
home on the Heights. He will preach at tho
Church of the Pilgrims in the morning and in
the afternoon will officiate at the communion
service. After two more Sunday services, tle
Church of the Pilgrims will be closed for tha
summer, the congregation joining with the First
and Second Presbyterian churches and the
Reformed Church on the Helghis in uae
services, which wil! be held in the Secon
Presbyterian Church at Clinton and Remsea
streets

 

 

Pennsylvania Naval Reserves Inspected.

PHILaApELruia, June 2--The annual spring
inspection and drill of the Pennsylvania Naval
Reserves took place this afternoon on the Dela-
ware River. The inspection was made by Col.
Frank G. Sweeney, Inspector-General of the
National Guard of Pennsylvania. Gov. Ston
Adjutant-General Thomas Stewart and oth
metbers of the Governor's staff viewed th
drill and inspection. On June 12 the Nav
Battalion will sail fora week's practice cruise
on the U.S.S. Prairie. They will have four

days at sea and three days of gun drill io
Newport harbor

   

HOT MORNING BREAKFAST

Comfort Depends on Food.

It is not so easy to arrange a tempting
breakfast for a hot morning, but every one
appreciates auch a breakfast and enjoys the
relief from the heated blood caused by a meas
and coffee breakfast.

In fact by skillful selection of food, even
the hottest day can be made quite com-
fortable.

Start with frult of some kind, then a dish
of Grape-Nutas food with cold cream, one or
two soft boiled eggs, a silce of bread and
butter anda cup of cocoa or Postum Food
Coffee Onthatsort of meal one will be fully
nourished until the mid-day,

Brone Nuts food is concentrated and pow-

ul, imparting to the user a sense of reserve
foros and strength. The strong man thinks
the weather moderate and comfortable when
the nervous, weak man thinks it unbearably
hot. Grape-Nuts food is perfectly cooked
at the factory and ready for instant use, cool
and delicious, requiring no hot stove and
cross cook on a hot morning, ‘‘Health is @
matter of ye on of food and a cow
tented mind,”’—