‘ .
.
y
' J
‘
5 a
Ps
7]
:
Fs
r
is
Y
+
Be
ny
ty
:
‘/
Pe
i
y
4
Bh
ie
bn
a
74
a
7
Ps
5
iv)
or
wt
a
a,
4,
*
a
ye
j
Je
i
ian
g
S

 

THE PARIS EXPOSITION.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS OF TIE NEW
GREAT SHOW IN FRANCE.

   

 

 

Monamentale, a Failure and

ie Porte
” “the Stove'’— The

Already Nicknamed
' treet of Nations and Its Buildings—The
| Belgian Exhibit Is the Best—"Old Paris”
| @ Success, as Is the Swiss Village
t Magnificent Distances in the Groands—Some

ef the Special Pavilions-The Moving
! @idewalk—The Exposition Mlaminated—
f When to Visit the Great Show,

Panis, May 14. Visitors with a cultivated
taste for art, who do not possess the sense
of humor, should, at their first visit to the
Exposition, enter the grounds by the Champs
Elysées gate. By so doing they will receive an
impression of grandeur and beauty that will
prepare them to think favorably of the other
parts of the show. But if they do go first of all
to the Place de la Concorde, where, at the
beginning of the Cours la Reine, stands the
much-talked-of Porte Monumentale, they will
feoeive a shock that they will scarcely recover
from until they have seen a great deal of what
fo best and most pleasing architecturally in the
Exposition. This Porta Monumentale is the
work of thy architect Binet, and is surmounted
by the now notorious figure of Paris by M
Moreau-Vautier -a woman supposed to be
clad in to-day’s costume of a Parisienne
No doubt if the Exposition authorities had
called upon any well-equipped architect in
Paris and ordered him to design a grand gate-
way in any recognized style of architecture,
classic, Renaissance, Gothic or Oriental, the re-
gults would have been a satisfactory perform-
ance which would have been generally com-
mended. But the dea seems to have been that
gomething entirely novel must be constructed
and Mr. Binet’s project, which must have been
the most fantastic offered, was carried out

Everywhere it {s called ‘‘the Salarnander,”’
@ name applied probably because of its curv-
{ng forms resembling those of the stove com-
monly so denominated. It resembles in its great
lines somewhat a wicker basket, such as are
used by florists, with three long curved
handles, the whole placed upside down and the
{inverted bottom crowned by the great female
figure. Certainly nothing so weird has ever
been seen before and we may hope that nothing
eo ugly will ever he seen again. It is painted in
blue, green and white with considerable gilding
The whole structure is pierced in every part
with openings which seem to be filled with col-
ored glass. It is to be ilinminated with electric
Hahts and probably when it is all aglow it may
jook better than it does by daylight. It was ine
tended to light it upfor the first time a few

nights age, but some misecreant among the
workmen dropped a handful of sand in the
reat dynamo that was to supply the light
Fis was discovered in time to prevent an acci-
ent, but the iliumination was necessarily post-
poned. All the lines of this structure are curves
excent in two campaniles, tall and slender
which stand at either side. Over the middle o
the ventral areh as one enters isthe prow of a
ship surmounted by a gilded Gallic cock. There
are other ornamental features of minor import-
ance and the whole is crowned by M. Morean-
Vautier's stirtlingly original creation. This
figure of Paris looks like anvthing buta French
woman Itis more pagan than anvthing elee
and is not unlike in ceneral aspect some sort
ofa Chinese idol The lady wears a wreat cloak
thrown open in front and on her head is a
crown and head dress that is too heavy for her
The figure is blocky and stiff, a d just about as
far removed from being a work of art as the
gateway itself The lower parts and walls of
the gateway are decorated with mural paint-
{nes exeented in tints of blue. vellow, lilaeand
red, and under two of thearches within stand
allegorical female figures Each holds out
flowers with stiff, ungainly movements of the
arms. Each has a vellow Mongolian face
nd each wears robes of blue and green
What ther avmbolize nobody seems to know
The Porte Monumontale isa nightmare and the
one conapicnous failure of the Exposition
Having entered the grounds here, however,
one passes isnmediately into the Jong shady
avenues of the Cours In Reine with lawns,
gardens, pretty hothouses and flower beds on
the Champs-Elysées side. Along the avenues
are numerous pieces of sculpture in bronze,
marble or in plaster tinted and eoated with
waterproof ainze. Theeffect is charming and
altogether restful) At the end of the avenues
and here the central and most conspicuous
lace for the statuary is held by the American
Pailin's Indian on horseback, “The Medi-

|
|
Champs- |

cine Man" we come upon the new avenue,
Nicholas If This runs from the

E'vastes entrance to the Alexander III
Bridge and we are in presence of

the most ambitions and the most successful
‘Yav-out'' of the Exnosition Turning to the
right to the Champs-Elysées gate, so as toan-
proach the two fine art palaces as they arein- |
tended to he seen at first view and to eniov the |
ong vista over t'e bridge to the Invalides, we |
ork upon an imposing and beautiful ensemble
he avenue is very wide, with fountains and |
reen lawns on either side rlanted with shrub- |
Cory and with great palms brought from Nice |
and various northern trees. Hal’ a dozen fir
trees alone seem somewhat out of keeping with |
thereat. The avenue is smoothly paved with |
wood and greataemi-cireular spares opencuton |
either sid of it before the Grand Palais, on the
north, andthe Petit Palwis.on thesouth All |
the snace: hereabouts are very large andthe |
Grand Palais is an immense building The Petit
Palais is perhans one quarter as |lireeon the
Gaynd plan, but it is also a large building. |
oth are permanent structures, Wherever one
goes one sees something from the United States, |
ao thatit iso surprise to findthat at the two
ends of the semi-circle be ore the Petit Palais,
very prominent places, are St Gancens'’s “The
Puritan’ and MacMonnies’s ‘Sir Harry Vane.”
The former looks very austere in its sirrou sd.
ings, but a fir tree behind hin. in thie instance,
at least, seems to have been han: ily nliaced.
he Grand Palais is Imposing with ita ble
portico and pediments in the middle nrofusely
decorated with sculptured flgnres and groups,
Columns in the poreh and inthe facade on
either’side give ths needed note of rigidity to
balance the somewhat exuberant ornamental
detail, The immense glasa roofs are scarcely
seen from the avenue, and within, be it said
here, are the most magnificent gilleries and
eourtyard: for the exhibition of painting and
ec ipture yet erected anywhere = The lighting
isadmirable. Someof the rooraare vast in
@79 where canvases fifty feet in height may
easily be shown, while others equally well
lighted are smalier and more cosey, so
to speak The Petit Paiais ia a little
more effective architecturally than” the
other, has less sculnture and less flam-
bovant ornament and is very prettily accented
with gilded metal ba'conies and gates, and
eone gold work on the roof. No visitor should
hee it without entering it for no other reason
hin to take a look at the semi-circular court
within. Itisa vem of design and a perfect ex-
ample of we!ll-considered proportions. This
building contains marvels of artistie work in
the wav of tapestries, srmer, enamels and
pret. all French, In the Grand Palais is the ex-
ibition of the fine arts proper in all the groups
including painting and sculpture, French and
foreign, sculpture placed inthe grounds of
course includ’d in the fine arts groups. Ont-
side as well as inside our fine arta comm’asiorer,
Mr. Cauldwell, seems to hive been successful in
getiing some of the best places for the American
sculpture
We now come to the celebrated Pont Alexan-
ave lll. If the two fine arta palaces are fina
ad, in spite of some faults of detail which the
hypercritical will quickly point out to youand
prsosee to condemn the whole in consequence
utiful and imposing, the new bridge is still
better. Itis far wider than any other bridge
over the Seine and has sue Proms at either end,
severe in line, but gracefully decorated with
gucee groups of winged horses and figures on
Pp. On the pedimenta at the bases are coloasal
seated figures. The bridge itself consists of
one span and at the centre on either sideaiaa
bronze allegorical group. The balustrade has
8 wide bronze rail and lamps with groups of
globes are placed at frequent intervals at each
of the stone pillars in the balustrades. The
whole is harmonious and the general effect
rom every point of view exceedingly rich,
riefly it may be said that this ensemble, con-
sisting of the new avenue with the two palaces
and tho bridge, all of course permanent, forma
anotable and worthy addition to the attrac-
tions of Paris. The city is now at its best, with
every treein leaf and blossom, every flower bed
radiant with color, and the weather fine and
neither hot nor cold, Over all each day is asky
of grayish blue with beautiful cloud forms of
white and gray, and everywhere except in the
crowded, noisy business streets the prospect is
unequivocally pleasing, The new avenue and
accessories are not the least beautiful portion’
of this admirable panorama
At the Quai d'Orsay, whereat the south end
of the new bridge the Esplanade des Invalides
begins, there is a large oblong court suc-
ceeded by the long comparatively narrow
avenue extending to the Invalides itself, lined
with whit» buildings, towered, turreted, cupo-
laed, arcaded, porched and profusely orna-
mented, not only with flowery plastic Torms of
decoration, but with painted and mosaic pic-
tures and gilding. The ensemble. as everywhere
else almost among the buildings erected by
France for the great fair, shows a sort of archi-
tecture which may be called the holiday atvie, or
architecture de ffte. It is severe nowhere. It
Teproduces conventional accepted styles no-
where. [t swells like the breast of a
outer pigeon at every corner, and it
led with great windows, separated in
sections by great doorways, crowned
everywhere with croups and emblems, white,
cream, gold or in color, andis exuberant, some-
times vulgar, in its ornamentation Herein the
Exposition of 1900 differs fromthe World's Fair
@t Chicago in 1893, where reproduotive architect-
me was very prominent Is there any place ao
posing as our Court of Honor? Weil in the
@ame sense there is not. but there are vistas

is

' building, designed by Mr
| ation

which, as a whole, offer far more variety and are
much more animated. The Seine ean an im-
portant part here. Lined with uildings the
whole length of the quais on both sides from the
Pont de ja Concorde to below the Pont d'Jéna it
presents an aspect of singular charm and ple-
turesqueness. Almost everywhere one «oes,
too, there areold trees; and shady walks are
found in all parts of the grounds. The natural
beauties of the sites taken in tor the Exposition
have not been destroyed and there is evidence
everywhere of taste and good judgment
in the tremendous works that have been under-
takento plant the hundred main features of
the show in compact arrangement within the
space, The gardening, the planting of flower
beds such as the long straight lines of rose trees
in the Trocadero Gardens, and the inclusion of
verdure of one kind or another in almost every

rospect are happily combined with the archi-
ectural effects, There isa holiday air in ev-
erything. Thearchitecture is not meant to be
an object lesson to students, and except in the
Rue des Nations, where the buildings of foreign

 

 

 

 

 

4 4 a; - By
. age! -

TURKEY.

 

powers line the quai and the avenue behind
there are scarcely any attempts at reproduc-
tive architecture, The Algerian pavilion, some

of the Colonial buildings in) the Trocadero
grounds and the middle ages siructures in
all the French have

Old Paris’ are about
thought it worth while to do in this direetlon

The great national payilion of Russia, a
building easily reeegnized by its distinctive
architectural style, is not on the Quai d Orsay
with those of other foreign nations, but in the
gardens of the Trocads:o adjoining the French
Colonial atructures. Here also are the Duteh
andthe English Colonies, including the Cey'on
navilion, where excellent black tea is served by
Pinealene servants with tortai-e-ahell combs in
their hair, Next door is the Japanese imperial
house and gardens, with booths where you can
get a cup of Japan tea from costumed
native waitresses or a glass of sake.
the Dutch Colonial pavilions are remarkably
good. In the Rue des Nations the smaller
powers, except Bosnia, Greece and Monaco,
which are with the swells on the quai, have
their national buildings, each offering some
oints of interest either architecturally or
in the unique exhibits within their walls. The
Great Nations’ row of buildings fronting the
river begins with Italy. This is a very hand-
some building in the style of the fifteenth een-
tury, with five bronze domes It is very color-
ful and it is the largest structure in the row
The Italy building and the Belgian, both
reproductions, are, all things considered, the
best of the foreign pavilions. Next to Italy is
Turkey, with a square, white building and fat,
round dome, which from up the river masks
the United States building, which is next be-

Some of | J D
| clad as Pierrots and Columbines, engaged in

| as oursand occupies, one might think, a great | importance

yond. The gilded quadriaa by Mr Proctor on |

the porch of our building, however, and the
equestrian figure of Washington by Mr. French
under the arch can be seen from any point on
the river above or helow, and the Stars and
Stripes waving from the tall flagpoles in front
are visible from afar inevery direction Our
Coolidge in cooper-
with M Morin-Goustiaux, is best seen
from across the river directly infront, where
its imposing proportions and fine dome, in
shape like that of the Capitol at Washington
and crewned with a huge gilt eagle with out-
stretched wings, may be well appreciated
This is covered with white staff. Under the
arch of the main entrance isa painted decor-
ation by Mr. Robert Reid. Within we find a
large cireular hail with galleries around at
each of the three upper floors upon which open
the various offices and committee and sitting
rooms, and the three anartments furnished by
New York. Pennaviyania and \assachusetts
There is a United States Post Office with
lock boxes When the pavilion was officially
inaugurated on Saturday afternoon, May
12, the decorations weresimple but effective

i

EL hos

“eetay

L279
eT g

=n
SS fe

Lor I

—

UNITED STATES.

————$_————

an Elizabethan house of gray 6 ne, modest and
neat. There isan o mee oo a

 

ved square, and on the

ng the square and not the river, is the ey an
building. Artistically, thix is the best of them
all. Itt an exact reproduction of the gown
Hall of Audenarde, a beautiful example
of Flemish renaissance, and shows how
easy it is to doa fine thing if you are content to
copy something fine already existing hob Fi
which follows, has put up @ dark red wooden
building which has no artistic merit and is only
interesting as being characteristic of the ecun-
try, and Germany Is next with a very omnes
structure, which has white walls, but is cover
with painted figure decorations, It has steep
roofs covered With light red. tiles and gilded
cornices, It is German “holiday style and is
effective if not soothing Bpain, like Belgium
and Italy, has adoptea the repro uctive and is
housed in a quietly colored yellowish stone
villa, good in proportion and general effect
There is no gilding or paint ne Monaco, nest
to Spain, bas an elaborate pavilion about as big

 

 

* ‘ d ee N

as bl) ig 1

m) ) r Ch

Py
aie
Nar NY

  

i! ca Ly

  
   

re TeAYs

GRFAT BRITAIN

AUSTRIA. BOSNTA. HUNGARY. BELGIUM.

THE STREET OF NATIONS.

deal of space for so littlea country. Sweden,next
door, has a grotesque building with turrets in
the windrnili style and a tower of beams and
roof-like scaffolding. It isby no means up to
the standard of the row, Then comes an open ,
space and some distance farther on is the
Mexican bulding [Tt is in modern French
stvle and cream white tn color,

Under these buildings, in. the basements
are restaurants, and in each, as in those
similarly situated under the buildings di-
rectly opposite across the river, there
is an orchestra or band of singers In
fact, wherever vou go there is a restaurant
near by and generally a band of some sort
within | In one of the little French brasseriea
under the horticultural buildings on the Qual
Debilly it was somewhat startling to find a
whole family, men, women, boys and girls, all

thrumming the refrain of “Because I Love
You,” and singing the verses in Enalish,
Speaking of bands, the Russian fanfare at the
Kremlin in the Trocadero gardens is having @
fair degree of suecess, and the various infantry
bands which give concerts at different points
attract good crowds, who pay two cents for a

chair to sit on. But ihe great, the overs
whelming musie success {net now is
Sousa. His band plays on the Ese

planade des Invalides, and every afternoon
there isanimmense crowd. He giveshis pieces
with many encores in rapid succession, so that
there are no waits. His cornet soloist evokes
wild enthusiasm and the other day when siz of
his musicians stood up in front with horns and
trombones and plaved a piece with accompant-
ment by the full band the crowd was quite
carried away. French soldiera clapped their
hands and cried “Brayo'’' at the top of their
voices. He plays"the “Star-Spangled Banner”
and the Marseillaise with fine spirit and aplen-
did effect

Le Vieux Paris, on the Quai Debilly within the
grounds, is well worth visiting. There is a
charge of one frane for admission and an ade
ditional charge for the theatre or for the
Colonne concerts, which are given afternoon
and evening inthe Grand ThéaAtre. There are
several long and narrow streeta lined with
quaint houses with shops on the ground floor,
several squares and open spaces, the Pont au
Change, the Church of St. Julien des Méné-
triers, the Grand Cabaret des Halles, the Res- |
tanrant of the Préaux Cleres with a museum, |
the Auberge des Nations and other interesting |
features. The buildings and accessories are
exact reproductions of old Paris and are very
welldone Men and women in middie ages
costumes are seen on every side The cos-
tumes are all right and very pretty, but
the people inside of them are not alwavs in
character, The general effect, however, is |

ona)

yeh

 

 

   

 

  
 

pyrates t gplogial exhibits. There isa
at! ne th lgiers quarter, tom-lome t
nd there are dancers and .afés. But the
done and pretty nooks are the attractions ere
and this part of the grounds is generally fv 1e
people. On ihe other side of the river nine
great clcu of the Exposition of 1880 1 i, Sew
tower, now called “La Tour de 300 Mé
since Mr. Eiffel was found to be mixed up in
Panama. It has been repainted froma fen to
bottoni, generally improved and fitte h
new elevators. Its color is yellowish brown ang
one asks if it would not have looked porter an
more in hamnony with the rest of the on.
hibition it ir had been painted white pit
some blue and gold for accents. In Ite peig or-
hood are many buildings, the principal ones
near it being (those for “Manufactures of the
State,” including the tobacco monopoly, and
the Palais de la Femme, 4 Renaissi nce straw
ure that is coquettish and e'egant. It may
more serious inside, but it is not epene yeu,
Between the end of the Rue des Nations an
the Eiffel Tower there are various buildings of

 

 

      
   
    
  
    
   
   

oa

ada

pe!
it

 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  

   
    

Hy aC ia

had mt

  
  

NORWAY.

GERMANY
SPAIN

 

One of these is for armies and
navies and for merchant marine, French and
foreign The Schneider Gun Works at Creuzot,
the Maxim works in England, the German Gov-
erninent, the United States Weather Bureau
and various great steamship lines, such as the

  
    
  

ete

 

FORTE MONUMENTALE—THE SALAMANDER STOVE.

 

       
 

 
 

|
|

] ~~.
| 4 SPP.

     

t. A
gh ved
u and
lery of
outup

Champ de

lawns and is
lined with trees.
ted in 1880; they
Yet in

effects ip water and

de of up
of the C
behind it to the oid
reat building has
the Salle dex |
fe. The oblong of the
Ss as
traversed by wide avenues
These must be the wes plan rooted
are so large an ook 80. We: .
other parts of the grounds where they bg very
out five weeks ago they look entirely 4 i. a.
During the week before the openings io See
hibition Paris saw astrange sight. The s f ote
were blocked by innumerable trucks and on
each was a great tree in early leaf. } ow over,
spot that was barren before is smiling wi
verdure

For long trips about the grounds there are
the hosts on ihe Seine, the electric ealiway and
the moving platform, The last is wey v
patronized It makes the tour of the ins - e
the triangle which is the general form of t :
emplacement of the Exposition. It consists of
three platforms, one stationary, the. cocop
moving slowly, the third rapidly. Thus by
stepping easily from one to the other you may
choose your pace or sfand still and look at the
view {rom any point on the line. It is elevated
of course. There are two temporary bridges
across the river and where the streets leading
to the permanent bridges intersect the grounds
there are bridges across them. Two of thexe
are notably good architecturally. Oneisa gala
structure ornamented with peacocks and with
twoxilded pagodas the colors being lilac and
light wreen, The other is Japanese with the
principal colors red and gold

 

Last night, Sunday, ageneral illumination of
the Exposition was tried for the first time. It
was quite successful, in spite of A high wind,
which nace the gas jets wave and kept the lan-
terns shaking That part of the illumination
produced hy elee‘ricity was of course in no way
affected. The Porte Monumentale certainly
looked better than itdoes by daylight It was
seen that the glass bullseyes were principally
violet in color and the general effect was sub-
dued and not unpleasing, It was far from be-
ing brilliant, however. Within this great gate
the avenues and gardens presented a beautiful
picture, Every tree. and they stand closely to-
gether, was hung, thickly hung, with orange-
colcred paper lanterns. ‘Irees all over the
grounds were similarly decorated. The bix
and the little fine arts alaces, the
buildings on the Esplanade des Invalides
and many others on both sides of the river were
“outlined” with gas. The Pont Alexandre III,
with all of its lamps aglow, was very brilliant
At the Champ de Mars the numerous smaller
buildings about the Eiffel Tower were lighted
unin various ways, the long buildings on either
side all the way to the ChAtean d'Kau were out-
lined: the grounds were so brightly lighted by
electric lamps that the effect almost seemed
like sunlight) The Chateau d'Ran and its arch-
itectural background were a blaze of Nght,
principally red and yellow, and the Fiffel Tower
was as usual streaked from top to bottom with
its long lines of electric fire = The luminous
fountains of the Chateau d’Kau are not quite
ready vet and cid not play. The work there is
nearly finished ,

Nearly everything is now in shape and there
are but few buildings, and those only minor
ones thatare notentirelgsinished Nearly all
the exhibits are installed’and open to visitors
The exhibition a month now after the opening
may therefore be very. well seen, but it
was too cold for athoronghly sucece-sful night
fare and for daytime visitors also, it will be far
more agreeable next month when It is warmer
and the numerous attractive side shows are in
full working order. Everything connected
with holiday making and curiosity seeing has
been done as only the Parisians know how to
doit. There will be no lack of pastimes outside
of looking at the exbibits Meanwhile Paris is in
wood humor and ready. Some notable chanzes
are apparent. The cabs seem to have new
horses. They areall of the same little wiry
breed, as formerly, and some of them look
pretty thin. Butthey get over the ground in
remarkably quick time and the coachmen really

a

Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, the Mes- | drive well, contrary to the accepted Anglo-

saceries Maritimes, the Peninsular and Oriental
and the American Line, have separate pavilions
The Schneider building is the biggest Itis
not exactly beautiful, but it looks terribly
like business with long Toms looking out from

-_ ED

DF —

O
=h .
cl a Thy heel
PTE!
4 Pr VOY
; by) aly A at

THE PARK AND PALACE OF THE CHAMP DE MARS

The Official Procession on the Opening Day.

 

 

Mr. F. D.
interior furnishing and decoration. and the
result does him credit. Unlike the other
foreign buildings, this one contains no notable
exhibition. The houses of Spain and Germany,

for instance, are full of artistic treasures and |

those of other nations contain native products
and manufactures
club and meeting house where vi-itors from
the United States will find various comforts

and iacilities such as they are used to
at home. Among other things there is a
big cigar stand on the ground floor

where all forms of the weed as made up for use
at home may be purchased, ‘This will no doubt
attract a large patronage from
itors who cannot smoke caporal supérieur
without having an attack of hiccoughs. The
interior of the building was decorated under
Mr. Millet’s direction by Mr Elmer E Garnsey,
and one of its best features is the celling of the

Ours is to be a sort of |

American vis- |

dome where an American flag is realistically |

painted floating inthe breeze, Itis much more
appropriate and effective than would have been
any symbolical figure of Peace or Progress ac-
companied by cupids floating in clouds —the
usual composition for such a place,

Our next neighbor on the west is Ausiria,
whose building is a renaissance villa of quiet
aspect, grayish whiteincolor,anda pretty struc-
ture with white walls and brown roofs houses,
Bosnia-Herzegovinaat its side, The next build-
ing, that of Hungary, is excellent. It is built of
dark gray stone and has steep, high roofs anda
talltower. (Great Britain's building, which ad-

joins Hungary's, isasmall one compared with |
some of the others, It is not imposing, butis | with the white plaster buildings in the garden |

 

Millet has had charge of the | good. Drummors, trumpeters and town criers | the turrets.

parade the streets from time to time and an-
nounce the attractions. An acrobat movunts a |
barrel and addresses the spectators, anusing
his assistant meanwhile tn old argot and
commanding him to “rouler" on his drum
whenever he pauses to take breath, The Swiss
village outside the grounds on the Avenue Suf-
fren, but connected with a tested bridge, is an-
other attraction. There is anentrance fee of
one frane and additional franes for the excel-
lent panorama of the Alps and other spectacles
The Swiss village must cover ai good |
ten or fifteen acres and ia really a won- |
derfully well-constructed {llusion. On every
side there are high cliffs of rock, 100 feet
high or more in some places, a waterfall
tumbles down seventy-five feet amid the crags
turns a mill and fillsa narrow stream bridged |
here and there and a little lake. There are
several valleys which seem wide and long in
extent, and little chalets are perched upon the
mountain sides while goats graze in the pas-
tures. A big stable full of cows,a dairy, a
chapel, several small restaurants and one large
one are among the places to visit. A sahot
maker chops out his soles from wooden blocks
with a cleaver and other industries are in opera-
tion, At night the caseade is illuminated with
a rather feeble green light, but it is as strong
as they give it in Switzerland and helps the
illusion. There is a great host of men and
women about the place, all in costume, but the
girls are not pretty. |
he old Trocadero which ssemed such a
marvel in 1889 looks rather dingy by contrast |

 

Near the Eiffel Tower are the

| building of the Tour du Monde,a reproduction in

yinkish terra cotta of Hindoo architecture, the
building containing exhibits of forestry, hunt-
ing and fishing, the luminous palace, built en-
tirely of glass with a monumental double stair-
way, the whole dazziingly lighted by electric-
ity, the Palais del’ Optique,containing the great
telescope, a fine building with a great semi-
circular court at the main entrance, roofed
with giass; the Palais du Costume, with very
interesting exhibits within, and numerous
restaurants and bars in separate pavilions,
some Of them very tasteful in design and pretty
incolors, One of the best of these is Old Stras-
burg, a_reproduction of an ancient Alsatian
house. The fare here is excellent and the prices
are very moderate

The arrangement of the Champ de Mars is
much the same as it wasin 1889, but the long
buildings on either side are very different in
design und the facade at the lower end of the
great oblong has in the middle the background
of the ChAtean d’Eau. The buildings on either

| side are white, varied with color ornamentation

of yellow, terra cotta and blue, while there are
many immense stained-glass windows, a good
deal of gilding and everywhere the exuberant
flowery sculpture. On beth side: are terraces,
arches nnd arcades andon the left, leoking from
the Eiffel Tower, there is a continuous
line of restaurants) The Chateau d'Eau
is expected to be ai great attraction.
It is of vast dimensions and to judge
from the labyrinth of pipes and glass
covered traps to be seen in the immense basins
which lie one below the other, it will give fine

Saxon opinion. The policemen now have
white atons and are stationed at
the crowded corners where they hold

up the vehicles till pedestrians croes as thev do
in London and New York ents are higher
for all furnished rooms and apartments, but
restaurant prices have been only slightly aug-
mented if atall. Prices at the restaurants In
the grounda are fairly reasonable and there are
several bouillons (Duval and others) where
seen dish costs only two or three cents more
than atthe bouillona in town

When the expected crush of visitors comes
{n July, August and September, bringing all the
provincials to Paris, it may be more difficult to
get about and to live as comfortably as now.
June and the first half of July should be the
best. time to come here for the show, and the
last half of September and the month of Octo-
ber the next best, or quite as good.

W. A. Corrin,

Spring Poem.
From the Nebraska State Journal

In the spring the whiskered farmer drinks
hard cider from a can, throwing wads of burn-
ing language at the indolent hired man. Inthe
spring the grand old granger plants his succo-
tash and corn, andthe chinchbugs come and eat
it, while hesleepeth inthe morn. Inthe spring
the old sow wander: to some quiet fen or brake
and returns with seven piglets toddiing cutely
in her wake. In the spring the good dog Rover
hides behind the bushes damp, waiting always,
waiting ever, fora chance tonail atramp. In
the spring the bull ao gentle, which has been a
pet for vears, gores the poor confiding tarmer,
its on him and eats his cars. In the epring the
youths and maidens go to picnic in the woods,
racking with them in their baskets sandwiches
and other goods; and they fall into the river,
ind the chiggers eat them up, and they come
back from the picnic swollen ‘ike a poisoned

pup.

T have hot pains in my larynx and my liver is
out of whack, there are rumblings in my stom-
ach, there are creakings in my back. When
I go to bed at evening I can only rolland groan,
for my mouth tastes like a hen’'s nest, and my
head feels like a stone. And I read the daily
papers where they tell of Snooper's Pills, as
A sovereign apecific for these kinds of vernal
ills. AndT buy the pills and eat them, and I
feel a whole lot worse; there are times when
1am longing for asleighridein ahearse. And
the ancient dames come to me, and they brew
their magic tea, and they say if I will take it,
I'll feel happy asa flea. But their dismal dark
decoctions only make me shriek and wail, and I
wish that all herb doctors could be carted off to
Jail. Inthe spring the wily stranger comer to
sell a patent oat, and he geta the names of vic
tims to a thousand-dollar note. In the spring
you make a garden, full of things you Ike to
eat, and the chickens come and scratch it all to
thunder and repeat. In the spring your lawn
is pretty and vou point to it with pride, till
om cattle come and spoil it in the silent even-

In the spring the groaning husband eats his
victuals in the barn, for his wife must clean the
mansion, and she doesn't care a darn: and the
yard is full of carpets, and the trees are full of
sheets, and he has to live on sauerkraut, cistern
water and sliced beets. Oh, a woman's in her
glory when «he tears things all apart, piling
beds and chairs and pillows in a way to Bronk
your heart, And at night the grcuning hustand
vas to siren upon the porch and he feels ao plum
disvusted that he can't enjoy his torch, When
the blamed old cleaning’s over, then the wife is
taken ill, and it keeps her husband busted buy-
ing dope and drug and pill; and the mansion is
nocleanerthan it was when she began, but she'd
slay him If he said so--and he isa prudent man

A Pious Student to His Hazers.

From the Chicago Inter Ocean

INDIANAPOLIS, May 11.- Henry Miller, an un-
Pretentious and pious Butler student, was car-
ried from his room last night by fellow students
who thought they would make him one of the
boys and taken to the banks of Pleasant Run,
neir the college. There he was placed, half
clad, on top of a stump, and ordered to make a
speech, Drawing along stiletto which he had
concealed for the purpose, he said

‘Now, Gentle en, am going back to my
room, and the first fellow that comes near me
will get th s koife up to the hilt.”

Miller went home and now has the laugh on
the hazere.

sa ac |

eS —

   
   

SUCCESSFUL MOUNTAIN GUN.

Excellent Working of the Maxim-Nordenfelt
Three-Inch Rifle in the Philippines.

The Maxim-Nordenfelt 75 millimeter (3-inch)
mountain gun battery, purchased by our Gov-
ernment last fall and sent to the Philippines un-
der the direction of Capt. George W. Van Deu-
sen, Seventh United States Artillery, has been
severely tested in the field, and has proved itself
the best gun for our island service.

Between Dec. 26 and Feb. 9 a detachment of
this battery under Capt. Van Deusen cam-
paigned with the troops in southern Luzon (a
district which has probably the worst roads in
the world): a distance of fully 260 miles was
travelled with constant fighting, one march of
thirty-eight miles being nyade in twenty-seven
hours. In oll that time not a single mule was
lost or even rendered unfit for service, and the
guns kept up with the infantry and cavalry, and
were always ready for use.

The gun and its ammunition are carried
packed on mules; the pack saddle used is per-
haps the best made. The recoil of the gun is
taken up entirely by the recoil cylinders and the
trail spade, and the former have this advantage

if the oil for filling them gives out, water can
be used. The mechanism is simple and dura-
ble, and was fully tested, the guns being often
hauled over rocks or through water which en-
tirely covered them, they were upset in astream
and so dragged through, and always without
interfering in the slightest degree with the per-
fect working of the gun, After being hauled
through mud the elevating mechanism was in
perfect order.

The ammunition worked perfectly. There
were no premature explosions or failures, and
the metal packing cases were so excellently
arranged that the shrapnel could always be
carried fused (ready for immediate use) with-
out danger. There were no misfires, and every
round burst, either on impact or as set for time.

The gun is sighted to 4,000 yards, and was
fired with good results up to 3,200 yards. The
shrapnel and shell weigh 12% pounds, which
is quite heavy enough for such service; but
even a heavier projectile can be used, and
a sight scale for it is furnished with the piece.
The comparatively low initial velocity gives
enough of a curve to the trajectory to render it
more effective against troops in trenches than
agun of higher power but witha flat trajectory

The men and animals were all entirely raw
material, and Capt. Van Duesen, and the Max-
im-Nordenfelt materials deserve great praise
for the manner in which they have acquitted
themselves

The data here given were obtained from
the official report of Capt. Yan Deusen, who
strongly recommends the adoption of this gun
for such service as we are likely to have in our
island possessions,

ENGLAND'S TROUBLE IN ASHANTEE.

 

 

 

Money Taxes at the Root of It-—Absence of
the Golden Stool.

The little war which Great Britain has on its
| hands in Weat Africa is likely, according to the
| latest despatches from the Gold Coast, to give
| some trouble before it is over. ‘Ihe immediate
cause of the difficulty with the natives is inci-
denta| to the transition through which they
are passing from a condition in which taxes
were paid and trade was carried on in kind and
with cowries to that of a money-using com-
munity. The taxes, since the British adminis-
tration has taken over the country, have been
rigorously exacted in money, especially the
obnoxious hut-money, which has been the

 

cause of nearly all the risings against
British authority in Africa. The  pres-
ent Ashantee trouble has its origin in
this cause, though the Golden = Btool

plays apart inthe matter. The Ashantee con-
tention appears to be that taxes are only levia-
ble by an oecurant of the Golden Stool, but
this is only another way of saying that they re-
fuse to recognize the authority of the British
Governor to demand or receive taxes. The
plea of the absence of the Golden Stool is simply
asubterfuce The real point is that besides
being partly unable and partly unwilling to pay
the taxes imposed by the British authorities,
the Ashantees are still loyal to the old native
dynasty, cruel though its exercise of power
was; and they may have thought, after hearing
of the British defeats in South Africa, that an

opportunity presented itself for th.owing off
the British rule
They have also not forgotten the causes that
led to the great war of 1873-74 and j1a resulis
The trouble then arose out of the transfer by
the Dutch of their rights to Elmina and the sur-
rounding territory, which they held under a
lease from the King of Ashantee, dating back
to the last century, to the British in exchange
for the settlement of Acheen in Sumatra, held
by tne pritish undersimilar conditions from the
Sultan of that country. Under the treaty of
lease the Dutch were pledged, if ever they gave
up the Eimina settlement on 1 Gold Coast to
hand it back to the King of Ashantee, but those
who mace the transfer to England in 1872 were
either ignorant of the existence of this
stipulation or disregarded it, and when the
then King protested against the breach
of the agreement he was referred to
the British Government. Recefving nosatisfac-
} tion from jt he took the matter into his own
hands, and with an army estimated at aixt
thousand men marched Into the disputed terre:
tory to maintain his right of access to the sen
But smallpox and the Rritish Snider rifle, aided
by the defection of some of the tributary and
allied tribes, ended his power of resistance and
a treaty of peace was signed in 1874 which
brought the country virtually under British
control. It was not, however, until 1806 that
the British Government finally accomplished its
purpose of abolishing the semi-independence of
the country and turning It into a Crown colony.
King Prempeh, the last of the Ashantee Kings, is
pow a British political prisaner, but the emblem
of sovereignty, the Golden Stool, has not
passed to hia British successor, which gives the
astute leaders of the present revolt against
British rule the justification for disputing the
lewality of its acta
Some of the Ashantees are armed with modern
rifles, and thev are said to have several ma-
chine guns, Their want of training, however,
renders these last of doubtful value in their
hands, and the French Government, through
whore territory arme and ammunition were he-
| ing amugeled into Ashantee, bas prohibited the
tradeinarmaontheir coast during the con-
tinvance of thetronbles. The relieving force,
which has been gent un from the coaat to raise
the siege of Kumagai, has by last reports met
wit a check, which will encourage those tribes
that have hitherto held aloof to join in against
the British. It is, however,only a question of time
howsoon therising will be put down, though the
rainv season, when military operations will be
exceedingly difficult, is at hand. A sufficient

| force of Haussas, the best material for soldiers
| in West Africa, with a stiffening of blue-
| jackets. and the Wert Indian troopa will no

doubt soon be on the ground and marching to
the relief of the besieged Governor and garri-
son The grent difficulty at present is the
transport of supplies, but this f being over-
come. by theemployment of women carriers
Mernwhile, orders have gone out from England
to hurry on the prolongation of the railway
that now runs from Sekondi on the coast to the
cold mines at Tarkwa to Kumassi. a total dia-
tance of 141 miles, and the sum of $25,000 ner
mile has been provided to cover the cost of its
construction

 

Sold at Last.

From Caseell'a Magazine.
Pedler ‘opening his pack)—I have here,
madam, an improved rat trap, which-—
Woman of the House--We are never troubled
with rata,

“Which can also be used for used for cracking
nuta re

“We never eat nuts.”

“Or as a coffee ronster. Adjusted in thia
manner, it z

“We always buy our coffee roasted.”

“Just so. Reversing the wires that form the
upper portion and bringing down the side flaps
thus, we have a device for holding eggs when
cooking 7

“We never eat egas.”

“And by holding the-wire loops.as you see
me doing now, it makes a handy arrangement
for holding a small mirror :

“Haven't the slightest use for such a thing.”

“While by adjusting another small mirror in
this position and another at this angle, as you
will notice, and placingitin a kitchen window
for example, it has the curious effect of enabling
the observer seated at one side of the window
and entirely out of sight to see distinctly through
any window that may be opposite and to note
what is going on inside, and all I aak for this
most useful and comprehensive invention is
Capen anitines, which is only about one-half-—”

“L'il take it.”

 

Stadents Stole a Two-Ton Rock,

From the Morning Oregonian

ALBANY, (re, May 22. - The senior class of Al-
bany Collece had secured an immense rock
weighing nearly 4,000 pounds, for a class atone
one that would surpass all predecessors, and
last night had it ready for placing in the
ground. This morning it had disappeared, and
cannot ye he found. thas been earned ‘hat

was loaded by seventeen students ona
and carried of and hid. 7

 

   

EMPIRE DAY IN CANapa,

THE BREACH BETWEEN ENGLisy
AND FRENCH CLEARLY MARKED,

 

Emphatic Refasal of the Freneh-Speakin
People of the Dominion to Take par; =
the Celebration, Which Is Regarded
as « Fatlure—English Disappointment

QuepEc, May 25.—-Empire Day, which was
celebrated throughout English-speaking Cans
ada this week as a new national holiday. is ong
of the latest efforts put forth by the extremely
loyal party in Canadian politics to cement into
one nation the various elements of the Dorin.
ion's population and to secure for the Dominion
a closer union with other parts of the Empire,
The manner of the celebration has proved itg
failure.

The holday was proposed a year ago, and tiie
year great things were expected of it because
of the fact that all elements of Canada's pop
lation are at present represented in thearmy
that is fighting the Empire's battles in South
Africa, It has, however, produced the very
opposite of the desired effect, and has simply
served to emphasize the width of the disting
tion between the French-speaking and the
English-speaking citizens of the Dominion,
The former studiously abstained from taking
any notice whatever of the new holiday, which
they evidently regard as a fresh attempt to
force them into closer relations with an Frpire
with whose aims and ambitions, c™side of Cans
ada they have nothing whatever in comme

In the English-speaking districts, on the other
hand, the celebration of the day was most ens
thusiastic, and the enthusiasm was especially
marked in the schools, where intensely patri.
cic exercises, such as the raising and waving
of British and Canadian flags and the singing
of national and military airs were largely {ne
dulged in and addresses of an imperialistio
character were delivered. It may readily be
imagined that the jingo character of these obe
servances by one part of the community and
the utter ignoring of them by the other hare
only served to accentutate the difference bee
tween their respective aims and aspirations

The Canadian originators of the Empire Day
{dea had in view the purpose of making its cele
bration empire wide, and May 23, the day pre
ceding Queen Victoria's birthday, wes seleoted
far the festival, with the object of changing it
after the Queen's death to May 24. the date
of her birth. which would otherwise cease to
be regarded as a holiday when her sic

 

ceasor ascended the throne. Ita observe
ance, so far as Canada is concerned
at ileast, is likely to be quite shorte

lived. At all events it will never take any hold
upon the French-Canadian part of the popuilae
tion, any more than Dominion Day has done,
It is one of the great disappointments of those
whose hearts are set upon the building up of
a united Canadian nation that their French
Canadian fellow citizens—among other ilius-
trations of their hostility to the scheme, and of
their determination to remain a separate peo
ple--have persistently declined to identify them
selves with the public and general celebration
of Dominion Day.

It ia particularly galling to the ultra-loval
element of Canadians to compare the enthus
siastic national celebration of the Fourth of
July by their American neighbors with the half.
hearted and sectional observance here of [vm
minion Day. With the latter the French
Canadians will have nothing to do. They ara
equally opposed to the idea of Empire Day,

though some hopes were entertained that they
might be led to unite upon it with their fellow
citizena of other origins. The only national

holiday with which as a people they will hove
anything to do is the festival of St. Jean Raye
tiste, on June 24, which is peculiar to themselves,
and destined to perpetuate what they call “our
institutions, our language and our laws

The Verité of this city, a leading French
Canadian newspaper, which is well known 'o
be the organ of a lara@e part of the Roman (ath-
olie clergy, is very outspoken on this matier.
Tt says: ominion Day is a purely statutery
holiday. It ia not a ‘national’ holiday The
banks and public offices clese on that day,
and there are cheap excursions of which &
good many take advantage. But no patri-
otic fibre ia thrilled by Dominion Day It is
the anniversary of a marriage of convenience,
or rather a marriage which was believed to be
convenlert and necessary, Affection had ro
hand in the wnion of 1947. No doubt seme of the
authors of confederation imagined that thev
were laying the foundations a new ‘nation.’
that the populations of the different provinces
would fuse ao thoroughly as to become but one
reople--a Canadian people. Some of our peoe

le feared thie fusion and were afraid that the
French-Canadian nationality would disappear.
Happily our people have not vet been seriously
affected by it. The St. Jean Baptiste is always
their national holiday and not Dominion Day.
Patriotically speaking, we are no more linked
to the people of Ontario and New Brunswick
than we are to those of New York and Vermont *

There are those, even now, among Enaglish-
epeaking Canadians who, while preferring to
remain part of the Empire and of a united (a-
nadian nationality, have made up their minds
that the latter is only a dream, and that trie
Anglo-Saxon freedom can only be secured for
the future throughout the whole of North Amer-
fea by ita union under one strone central rov-
ernment, by which no apecial privileges or class
exemptions wil] be rermitted to any particu'ar
element or nationality seeking to build itself
up into a separate and distinct power.

WATER DIVINERS,

 

France Will Investigate the Dabloud Clatms ef
These Alleged Experts.

For many years men in this country and fn
Europe have claimed thet they were able to
ascertain the sources of water supply by means
of divining rods and other instruments of fanci-
ful names, In later years also these gifted
persons have asserted their ability to discover
minerals as well as water. The faith in the
water diviner has heen particularly prevalent
in England where heatill plies hislucrative pro-
feasion without legal interference. He Is often
employed even by town authorities who fail
to realize that they are merely his dupes when
his art proves inadequate to the task of dis-
covering water sources. Among implements
besides the diviningrod which these sorcerers,
water seers or wizards have devised as the
means of divination,are mineral rods, equipped
witha magnet at one end, exploring pendu-
lumsa, hydroscopic compasses and many others

In March last,a commission waa appointed

in France to study all the apparatus and meth
ods employed by diviners. he French engi-
neer, M. rthier de Rolliére, is the President
of the commission. He ta now engaged in
making a collection of divining implementa
of all kinds. He is accumulating all the liters
ature he can find on the subject, and there
are not a few booka and articles in reviews
and journals, mostly written by men who
claim to be gifted in this line. He is also cole
lecting the names and addresses of inventors
of the alleged devices.

It is needleas to nay that acientific men regard
these diviners as frauds pure and simple Ther
helieve the whole business is akin to that of the
fortune teller, the fake spiritualist orany other
charlatan; and they think it strange that the
frauds have ro long heen permitted to ply their
vocation without fear of prosecution. Usual
the victims are the only ones to suffer, and ther
have to pay dear for their gullibility

Tt is high time the whole matter was thor-
oughly investigated. The French commission

ropores to make ite inquiry far reaching and
© place the whole matter before the public (9
its proner light. A report that will be accepted
generally as a reeuit of an able and thoroveh
investigation will bea boon, for it will great”
diminish the number of victims of a clase of
sharpers who should have been suppressed
long ago.

SHIPS FOR LAKE AND OCEAN TRADE.

New Type That Can Carry Freight From the
Great Lake Ports to Liverpool.

Drivtn, Minn., May 29.-The next boom !n
ship construction on the Great Lakea will be 7
atrpe of ship that can navigate both «alt and
fre-h water and carry acargofrom the heod
of the Lakes to Liverpool

Six ships of this type are now under constric-
tion in American shipyards, one built onthe
Clyde has reached the Canadian canals. 1*9%
are building there for a Hamilton, (nt
syndicate; one has been laid down at
Collingwood. and four will come over nett
year for the Lake Superior Power Company. A

lan is now being financedat Duluth and Cleve-
and for building a large number, perhars
thirty, of these shins at the yards of the Ameri-
can Ship Building Company during the coming
two vears

The construction of ships shallow enough to
carry economical loads on the Lakes, short
enough to pasa through the St. Lawrence and
Welland canals, and deep enough and of
proper lines to withstand the Atlantic
seas, has been ai problem that marine
architects of the Lakes have been work-
ing on for months andthat thev now think
they have solved. To pass the canal these shins
must havea draft not to exceed 17 feet anda
length of less than 245 feet. To be economical
carriers they must load not less than 2,500 t
3,000 tans. Most of those now under way afe
the nagest size possible for the trade, “