CRONKITE’S NEST BGG.

ABE
py A STORY BEGUN IN

ssQUEL Soy BY A BURGLAR.
eee

 

Sate Robbery—The Gold
qe Unexplained Sam neathed by a Dying

lad o
Thief — Cronkite’s Second Chance.

yeteriog
b hen ¢ Jubbina, the burglar,was sent up into
rison hospital Abe Cronkite, the former
. ive whose eighteen months’ term for
ct as drawing to 4@ close, devoted his

w
rane exclusively to him. This was
suranee for of late Abe had been gilent and

ver the hardships of his

morose, “er a rospects of his future.
d the disn D
—e d, for a man already old, who had
And, indee 4 a little ahead of his earnings,
elways oi n release was not especially allur-
edpergg vieted detective could not expect
be; god cheat back into a profession where
cher ee may be —_ but the judgment of a
awerable.

gy eh s man of mighty strength, who

. ver been ill in his life before, was now
hed away with an internal disorder which
ices pronounced absolutely incurable.
ew his doom, and accepted it as he had

y another, being indifferent, fearful, sullen,
eeariowe, by fita and starts,apparently without

geason, and above all and at any time boastful
Qutside of a certain bull courage and a dull
arvetancy to his pals which had distinguished hie
eriminal career, there was nothing in the ruf-
fan's mental and moral make-up out of the
ordinary; 80 Abe Cronkite had no difficulty
tn playing with himasacatdoes with a mouse,
each playful move having definite reference to
the inevitable, business-like end.

one day, when the two were together in a
peciuded corner of the hospital, Abe Cronkite
remarked somewhat casually: “It must have
been rather mortifying, Clubbins, for a man of
your standing to be sent up for any such
‘cavune job as this last one of yours.

“What do you know about {t?” retorted the
mansurlily, “The job was all right.”

Perhaps 80; but as the story goes down in
the shops, it worked all wrong. You were
quiaht hot-handed, without a scrap of stuff
{ : our pains.”

Much that sneaking, white-livered trash know
guout a man like me,” fairly roared Clubbins.
*p'raps I did git lagged just arter I'dblowed the
oullsafe front into finders. P'raps the evidence
dd show that nothin’ was missin’; what then?
] didn't squeal; I took my medicine smilin’!
And I'd do it again under sim‘lar succum-
stances, go put that {n your pipe and smoke it, Mr.
Abe Cronkite.”

No, thank you,” sald Cronkite, tantaliz-
ingly, “no bluff in mine if you please. Of
course, it's a good idea, while your health is 60
peckish, for ypu to try to persuade yourself that
sou didn't make a mess of it, but it stands to
eason
: It stands to reason,” cried the other, with
a complicated oath, "that when I goes out
you may be splashed by the mud of my ker-
ridge, as you go poking about the streets,
priggin’ cents from some blind cadger’s hat
for your livin’.”

You're dreaming,” murmured Abe Cronkite.

‘Dreaming, hey; not a wink of {t. Do you
e'pose a true-blue old timer of my exper'’ence
would have cracked a safe, with the house
ali guarded by private beaks and strung with
electric wires, and with nusses and doctors up
the livelong night, unless, unless, there was
somethin’ in it, a leetle beyond the len'th of
your nose? You make me weary, Cronkite;
the job was a good job, if I unly don’t croak
afore I cop the drag-off.”

“Possibly I've been misinformed,” said
Cronkite, humbly, “and the boys may have
been jealous in back-capping you, but accord-
ing to them you must have been either drunk
or crazy to make such an attempt in old Jay-
cox's house up on the avenue. Why, they say
{t was just like that leary hobo who in some
blind way or other got into a big bug’s man-
gion and went to bed in the best room! I
couldn't believe it, really I couldn't, and so I
told them so. ‘What,’ I said, ‘not Clubbins,
ld Jack Clubbins, who looted thé Ohio Bank
and held up the Pacific Express with the Kan-
es gang, that acted so bughouse! He knew
what he was after, you'd better believe, and {t's
o\\ars ed it, too.’ hat's
Shan 0 Oa ee but fifty ne

| + vou must admit, all the same, that you cld
piead guilty and that there, wasn'teven a Cana-
dian quarter missing. I'm nat curious, old
man, You realize that, only if it was as slick as
you now say, it might give me a pointer when I,
too, go on the turf, as I suppose I'll have to do,
fo. leaving out the private and confidential
parts, which you know best how to keep to
yourself, it would be agreeable to hear just what
you did there and how you happened to get

inched. Agreeable and instructive, too, for
foe only a few of you all-round cracksmen
leit”

{t

Jack Clubbins forgot his resentment and

inned with gratified vanity. “In course, if
frere's anythin’ I can say to alive you a steer,
he hegan, “you're welcome to it. It’s diseour-
agin’ work, so it is, with a new beginner, having
been there myself as a kid; so If you'll ask me
no questions about which I have no consarns
to tell, here goes z .

“It was about ha'past 9 o'clock o’ night
when I found myself, I wont say how, in the
big chiny closet off the butler’s pantry, in old
Mr. Javeox’s fine ranch. There waar a areat
wicker hamper under the shelves, in which they
threw soiled napkins and sech, and I was crunch-
{n' in the space behind it, as safe from bein’
found out as you're sure to be found in at this
Present moment. There'd been a fambly
dinner of the quiet sort, and as the old puffy
butler slid in and out of the closet and left the
door alar, I could size fairly well what was
ein’ on. Old man Jayeox, you must know,
was a widower, with two darters, the elder one
married and livin’ out West; the vounger one,
Miss Agnes, a slip of a girl, livin’ to hum and
takin’ care of him. Now'‘he was supposed to be
dyin’ of a stroke: and Mrs. Davenant, that’s
the fust party's name, was back agin with her
only child, Richard Jayoox Davenant, called
arter the old guy, by her side. A_ nice lad, I
guess not, Cronkite; say, to hear the way he
tissed his mother, his aunt and the old grunt
of a butler would lay out a reform school; and
yet the more he ached for a lickin’ the more he
Petted him. He was half seas over, I believe,
and I don't blame him there; for when old strike
em-atiff had set the she on the shelf just
above me and was chassaying around with the
madeery, | reached ue and took a swig at the
“canter myself, and I ve pl on .

wo sisters on go erms, I suppose?” re-
marked Abe Kronkite.

Ekal to the happy tambly in any fust-claas
Ciccuss,” replied Clubbins with a grin, “You
#¢ old Jaycox had marret twice, 80 each gal
had a diffrent mother. Mise Agnes was fis
fav'rite, for the other one had run off with a
aacal.and the boy, aal say, wasa quick second,
he old man was dyin’, and apt to elve her the

my in his will; so, in course there was love

um

It must have been the younger one’s fault,”
musd Abe Cronkite, “working against her
ove While she was away, in an underhanded

No I wont say that,” returned Clubbins
With a \udicial air, which became him as ill
8 A judge's robe would, “She waa full of quff
fhout how they would soon be alone and must

all in all to each other, but I didn’t cotton

her fora cent for all her pious didoes,”

ae Davenant is the finer character no

i I ain't savin’ nothin’ about charakter,” ob-
de ‘1 Clubbing. "That's a matter of taste,
ae I must say T like mine warigated; but she’s

wraighe goods, IT swear she is. If she ain’t,
BSnhe arn't .
Ir “ie ain't?” repeated Abe Kronkite insin-

Tien she aint. damn ‘er," replied the man

: ind that’s all you'll git out of me
hat's all vou've got to tell, I reckon!” re-
\ Abe Kronkite, “What could a burglar
/AWaY in achina closet know about high-

 

   
 

py lkh-bred ladies except what he happened
fel top tt? We're nothing but trash under
rant be so ready at making dirt of the flash
p | Abe Cronkite.” retorted Clubbins irritably.

e lave been in the biz aslong as I have
a nd that good and bad, rich and poor,
thor and low, are all out for the stuff,
and don't yon food dough, the long-greens,

D raet it.’
bi rome said Aba Cronkite meekly, “didn’t
You that your story would be instructive

Mp ttesh pand like me

bine El hurry through with it,” growled Club-
Blast pee ee isis is comin’ on hard, dod
Cleared g . Yell. arter a while, things was
the old ballot, ie folks went upstairs, and

roanin’ n of a butler set the dishes to righ
fyanin how and then, and clappin’ his han

mind ue ‘as if there lay the trouble on his

there ne Y 11 o'clock the lights was out; by 12

Wnt abeuy Sound above, below, en I

ack af ait, Y work, The dining room was

em weet Parlors, and acrost the hall from

ood thy ti? big library, in a corner of which

"safe. a sizable affair of circular, chilled

ime ahd cla might hack away at with

ine be cold chisel for a year without

Of it and Part t - whe the avs ba fe } ay
-s y, the iynamite fair

lt it in two, Cronkite; you never heard

  
 

     
 

 
  
   

     

 

 

rt pine on a: eof | morte, the merchant preaces of thie BAM D AGENTS.
bit uh was in and upon - @ fat butler lover forgery, ahd yet fr the oa MR ‘ cattaae te ie Trick by Which a Shrewd German Got Away
whom Tlaid out with a Kein the bread basket, yuent, and the confessions of b-| IT WAS ABOUT ONE JIM CONWAY | Jack's private code, and that——* With 695,008 in Cash.
the big m9 ‘nei ora she oF ee bizaed | in "ted ore Sow under hin curvelliance.™ AND IT SEEMED BELLICOSE. “I--don't--belleve--any—such—boo-boo—" And | "When I was attending to business in Pioche,
with a handful o rand the other Iknocked | should have no difficulty in doing 90.” the lovely young matron began to rock berself | Ney, twenty odd years ago,” said a veteran

ittingly.
Nobody Knew What the Absent Junior Part- ed re i a ae ae ahaa done miner, “the town was a hundred and twenty

p 80.
pill with a bito ead pipe up my sleeve; and if it “And what is this arrangement?” Mra. Daven-
h who had ner Had Done to Conway, and His Wife | gome wrong to this poor Mr. Conway, and this miles from a railroad and lacked a good many

n't been for a young swell, been | ant asked with desperate calmness.

paneln around oustide, watchin’ the light in “Your sister, out of natural love and affec.
lp lady love's winder and callin’ down the bless- | tion, pro that you and she shall divide
in's of the stars upon her, damn ‘er, I'd have | the estate, share and share alike. Under
one clear through the hull, squalkin’ crowd; | instructions, your lawyer and T can attend
ut he necked me and threw me with some | to all details without any pop icity, which
athletic club twist, and that's why I hates Mias | after all would only redound to the generosity
apes. Well, they dragged me out into the | of your character.” :

hallway and trussed me _ ‘courting corda.and the ivory fan in the ledy"e nervous grasp
then as T laid there on my acur'us thing | split into fragmenta, and again she to an
happened. On the lan of the stairway to and fro, as passion and lence bat
Mrs. Davenant was standin’, lookin’ down | within her. “I saree,” she finally sald, sanding
like some fambly ghost, Just as she said; | before him with distended n is and wildly
‘Don't kill the poor man if he’s seoure,’ for which | heaving breast; “I agree; but don’t ask mo
} felt obleeged, Miss Agnes came flyin’ down to beet this! It is not mine; I will touch
rom the floor above and threw h f into her | it! To do so would be an intolerable admis-
sister’s arma. ‘Oh, Cecile,’ she sobbed, ' that I am coerced into what ts a pure act
poor papa! He heard the terrible noiee; he of oharity on my ae and casting the be et
got ous 7 ae he fell; . we rest love ea of money . at the 1 eres 2 en rs. Dave-

er ve! arly for re all alone!’ A n u out of the

bi was straight, too, Abe Cronkite,’ the old “Well, Abe,” said aa Judeo Marcellus, as

Juke had croaked for sure; ak: 000 in crisp new bills to the
t, as I will be, oh Lord, asl will betty teisnseey Geraci ne return to the thee welt
hy seemed evi cis i

and Mother-in-Law Got Ready Immedi- | friena of Jack's in St. Louis, uu
ately for Trouble—Last Chance of the OMce | heard that Mr. Conway is looking for Jack, of the ornaments of 0 seal high civilization.

nd he ; to warn him
Boy, Who Wasn't Consulted in the Matter, | [) s iy te LA 0o—who would . and among the lucky chaps was Fred Schuster,

to be on hie wa

When the senior partner of a young two- pver, cream that my sack would get himself 4 thrifty German from ‘Frisco’ who wandered
handed firm of patent attorneys reached the | '"yolv such an awlul——~ in ; out there and coppered the brewing business,
firm's office in West Broadway on Monday ens eens overcame ~~ , oes | He had a brewery which, however good it might
Morning last his eye caught sight of a tele- shire. Barlook. naka nar, buchandh, oonier have been as @ producer of beer, showed prom-

coniro er,

ram addressed to his junior partner on the OT can dureoned’ bi r ne ¢ ‘am, indeed. was | 180 enough for him to get $75,000 in cash out of
latter's desk. As the junior partner was in | certainly of the opinion that in'a matter of this , !t, not to mention @ note or two, and Fred con-
Washington and wasn't due back in New York | sort you would at least giv oy husband—a | cluded at once to get out with his money and go
until «¢ or 6 o'clock in the afternoon, the | most considerate husband-- benefit of the back to the luxury of San ncisco. It was

But the money part of it was well represented,

q im
senior partner opened the telegram. It was ce Sg oe. eae ~ - os | @asy enough to talk about, but there was that
@ night message from St. Louis, and it read | know what he is to Conway or Conway to him?” | hundred and twenty miles over a wild and lonely
aa follows: And the senior partner, growing Saguent. de- | poad,and Pioohe, just at that time,held twenty-

“Hammer Jim Conway. Punch him your calmed 6 if we ne Contes, epoune five road agents who needed about $75,000

. ead
Umit. Don't let anything scare you out. He's | more than likely that you are doing him a griev- , in their buainess and were hanging around wait-
easy. Bus.” | ous wrong by even 80 much, as for | ing for the Dutchman to start for the railroad

The senior partner scratched hia head over © momest at See cavecteEes Secs | with his stuff. They didn't care for the notes

this. has any reference whatsoever to—er—uh—do- | Sapecially, but they did want that cash, and
“Conway—Jim Conway,” he muttered to him- | mestic or anally affatre! Wait until Jack re- | wanted it bad enough to have spilled blood for

self. “Now, who the dickens can Jim Con- | (Taube that he wil explain everything tot Schuster knew all this ae well as they did,

way be, I'd like to know? We've got no your entire satisfaction, and—— | and at the same time he did not let up on his
client named Jim Conway, and we're not fight- “Oh, yes, explanations-—explanations!” ex- proposition to get out of town. The boss

‘on. | Claimed the junior partner's wife, giving her

ing any infringement cese in which a Mr.Con- | (Aimed, tie {ition risitar. “You'll telegraph , Saloon keeper and politician of the town was

way is the defendant. Darned funny tele- | him on the train to havesomesortofanexplana- bamed Lynoh, and he was @ good friend of

gram, this is.” yea peat? pre ee nee — Swe 74 | fichuster’s, 80 was the jwery stable keeper,
y | = ie ravers, the same one who has the mail con-

next morning Clubbins was much worse; so The senior partner turned the meneage up- | Pod? wae part at all fa endeavoring 0 break tracts in New York clty now, and Travers had a

e hausted as to be unable to move and re ly pecially when he is in my business. Wher. ! | gids down and every which way, but the longer up this poor Mr. Conway's home and tell me ! pair of fine horses that could ae the distance

don't let up!" The convict’s voice ttle nest fg, aad such pri
‘ow in
was a youngster back here in the East I always! he jooked at {t from various points of view | hypocritically that I've wronged him and all better than an thing in that country, The
i talk t

a

scream; he rolled on the floor, beating, , as our firm can
foaming in the extremes of pain. ime It fooke as if you hed a second chance.
a few d e wound oie eaencd ae ;
left movements he

nine and govinybeine over yo tis ook joceening MARKET VALUE OF NERVE.

8 clothing and caring for him so te
in the harsh, brutalized, distorted face there | Grit Better Than Guns in the Case of This
caene 0m suptyest ~] pt g*Eae, r oh m Convicted Horse Thief.

hal e il, as
imperfect sto ora crime, $0 Seperate op. =~ “A man’s nerve is a good thing to have with
poseless, that he might yet hear the end of it. him,” said a mining expert who has been all

This hope, however, was fallacious. The over the West for the last thirty years, “es-

your way,

 

 

the one forlorn chance of his future, Cronkite | avoided fi ly bec oe |

; ; ghting with other boys simply because | the more puzzled he became that. I know you horrid men and the way you | three friends © matter over, and next
the Rosnltainditerent to death, Wed checks | I didn't like to feht and they used to lick me} “yfighty belligerent sort of an affar, too,” | Mand, each athar throu thick and thine | day) Schuster anbounoed that he would cele
ore ane opetted and aged %9 and fro ike caged | on all occasions, not so mch because I could | he mused. “Now, what has this Jim Conway | I shall be back here at 4 o’clook, when Jack is ‘Tuesday of the ollowing wee by a wide o
Seesmpelaun fa 7. al E — pert, not fight as because I would not. When I} done to my partner that he needs to be punched | due, Mr. Topknot, and notwithstanding the way t before at the Rail
by narcotios. Once and again his eyes opened, | Came West though, as a man, and got into the for it? And who's this Bub? Bub! That's a peer hk hem more Dany Re mere Wor 3 oak oer Lane oe we to -_ a ooh
al aped, staring. without much Fease in them: atmosphere of scrape I found that if man didn't | deuce of an undignified name for a man to | and having a disgraceful altercation with him | in readiness to go at a minute's notice to a mine

’ na lig b 4 have his nerve with him, he never wouldamount| put on paper. Great Scott! Iwonder if my | I shall do it, And I promise you that I shall

ed

banquet the Friday

 

o dammy brow, thas ex an of his a dozen or so miles down the road to put
re got RS to anything, #0 I braced up and found I could | juntor partner has gone in for prize fighting | P,Able to detect, very sasily whether he le | up. pump.

} \, e@ banquet came off according to an-
at that Jersey athletic club he belongs to? | to explain this terrible business, nouncement, and was the big, social func-
Perhaps he's been matched to box some fel- . Sort seed ert pertr oe Wile pulled tlon that Hroche had, ever Down. All the
lowmember named Jim Conway, and this Bub th ve j out of th town was out, inclu every en

; e general alr of a deceived wife in a play. in the pla dd the champagne flowed
chap down at St. Louls is wiring hin encour- fun’ it'd naturally be thought that fd know water, Picirheter was there in @ dress inte
agement. Nope, that can't be right, either. | enough not to make such an egregrious ass of think of that, will you, in Pioche, twenty-five
myself as to show her that telegram!” growl years ago, and nobody offered to shoot holes
the senior partner to himeelf. “There'll be | in it, Pris host forced the festivities, 80 to
all kinds oF 8 bohhery around herethisafternon, | speak, which began at 7 in the evening, and
T suppose, and if this Conway matter proves | by 10 o’clock most everybody was drunk, in-

th
fleetingly re’ ed. Onoe and again he
to epee, but his tongue had thickened. his lips | bold my own about as well as the average,
7 alg, a pan ; oe ah Re though I kept out of trouble as far as I could.
chief wrapped around his neck. ( fenkine The nerviest chap I ever saw was a horse thief
pasted inquiringly to himeself and then nodded | in Nevada. It was twenty-five years ago at
S compres ot oo ne pad tucked | Pioche, Nev., which ts off the map now, I guess,
1e@ e 8 pocke ere Was :
Neon of ‘. natiated aentta on the ewollen and the town was all torn up over the loss of
eatures ere they settled in death. horses by the depredations of thieves. Fin-
, pet, ni ht pen hallmen were hustling | ally Mike Corey, a well-known Piochan, lost a
ne or we ao rn ee ae oes fine bay mare and Mike thought enough of her
the hospital were watching the operation fram | to taka activa measures to get her back {f por

the side window with the gloomy interest of | sible and punish the thieves He sent word

qpadiators saluting Cesar, Abe der th night out to all the camps and settlements, and in

My Junior partner has been taking on fat at
an alarming rate lately, so that he can't be
training for a boxing contest.”

Ile took a few turns up and down theoffice,
luiding the telegram out at arm's length.

“Thope the boy don’t get into a serious mix-up
with this Jim Conway fellow, whoever he ts,”
he muttered nervously. “I don't believe the
boy has done anything that he'd be ashamed
to have me know about, and yet it's blamed
queer that he should be getting telegraphic
despatches from people by the name of Bub,
urging him to employ physical force for the
subjugation of a chap with such a Boweryesque
sort of name as Jim Conway. The question
is, what's the boy done to Conway, or Conway
to him, that it should be necessary for one or
both of them to resort to fisticuffs? Now,
if the boy were to get mixed up in a brawl with
this Conway there'd be the deuce to pay. It
‘ud get into the papers, and it might have a
serious effect upon our tidy and growing prac-
tice. I wish that junior partner of mine were
a bit more level-headed. He's too clever and
industrious and promising to have anything
whatsoever to do with folks who travel under
such names as Conway and Bub, and I'm going
to aive him a mild little personally conducted
talking to when he gets back from Washing-
ton this afternoon. Why, I wouldn't have
him get into a street fight, or afight anywhere
else for that matter, for big money-- not only
for the sake of the firm, but for his own sake

to be something that Barlock wouldn't want | cluding Schuster, who seemed to be drunker

his wife tc know

about--and I've he doubt bow | than auybody, About this time I was called

that it will srove {ust that way, the young idiot! | out, being duly sober, as I don't drink to ex-
~why, he'll be sulky with me, and there'll be | cess, and going down stairs found Lynch at

|
|

ously examin is bequest under little or no work done on those new cases, and | the side door with Travers's team of bays
lamp in the steward’s side roo notted | the course of several days he heard of the mare
up in one corner of the blue silk handker- | at Desert Spring, about seventy-five miles
chief wan a plan. gold ring. uny and worn, ard | gway, A man had bought her over there |
When Abe Kronkite reached the city, on | from a@ party he did not know. Mike made all |
the completion of his term, the buginesa he | the inquiries he could, and at last we had a
had in mind took him first to a_ manufacturing | ‘round up,’ that is, we put guards over the town
Jeweller and then to a second-hand clothin and called on all'the inhabitants for miles around
shop. The following day as he slouced to come in and be Identified. Four hundred
up the avenue. any one of Jack Clubbins’s | and fifty. men reported and ail were duly ac-
old pals would have had to look twice before | counted for but three. These three could not
being certain that he waa not that eminent patiaaciorey oxpieln themselves, and they were
past master of the crackeman's craft. There | locked up till we could have the Desert Spring
was the velveteen coat, with double breasted | man pass on them. He came and at once
waistenat, the red necktie, the checked trous- | said that they were the crowd who brought the
ers, which that worthy had ected in his | mare to Desert Spring. That was all the tes-
rosperity; while certain lines, skilfully added | timony we wanted and after atrial by a picked-
o the face. in connection with the  stg- | up jury, the three horse thieves were condemned
nificant pallor and two days’ growth of scrubby | to be hanged that same afternoon down at Big
beard, increased the general resemblance. Tree, four miles from town. A procession was

In_a hang-dog, surly way, Abe Cronkite | formed with the three prisoners in a wagon
shuffled up to the desk of a family hotel, re- | having a high ceat for convenience at the hang-
nowned for its exclusiveness, and demanded | ing, and we moved off toward the scene of ac-
to see Mrs. Davenant tion in good order. Arriving there one man

“If the lady hadn't «ald that seine | was seated in the wagon and driven under the
euch character as you would have an errand | limb of the tree with the rope dangling down
with her you would be out of here by now.” | from it, and when he was properly usted
enepene the clerk as he called a bell-boy and | for the application of the rope our leader took
sent him to one of the smaller parlors. In | a blank Book out of his pocket and addressed
a moment a lady, tall elegant, Composed, the prisoner.
with steely-gray eyes, and thin’ compressed * ‘What's your name?’ says he. ‘I don't mean
lips, entered and came close to hia side. the name you go by out here, but your real

“You are come,” she whispere ate re- | name; the one they know you by at home?’
member our agreement; you will abide by “The prisoner gave his name as requested
what you promi

--oh, it’s a devil of a mess all around, that’s
what it is!”
For all of which, however, the senior partner

hitehedtoabugey. There was nobody around
the streets and j wondered what Lynch was
doing there instead of being at the banquet,
had his work to do, and he pitched in and was | where | had seen him not half an hour belore.
upto hisears in it until about half pasts, | He wanted to know if 1 was ready to start
when the junior partner's wife, with tightly at once for the mine, and although it was
pursed lips and an air of ominous calm, arrived | entirely unexpected, I promptly told him I
at the office with her mother, a handsome, | was. J] didn't have on my working clothes,
haughty, uncompromising-looking woman with | but that didn't count for much there, He
a great mass of white pompadour hair and an | got out and I got in, and before I had got my-
expression of unyielding austerity. The junior oclt Axed. ree th file one ge eter
as ought fore he was drunk, jo us
hurriedly and got into the buagy. with me.
| He had a light overcoat around shoulders

belief that he was in league with the absent | that he put on before he set down. I didn't
junior partner in nis nevarione Goings, of, that rg paderstand nee es npr a ” do
ne was at any rate attempting to shie n® | With the pump, bu ore cou ask any
, oe | questions. Lynet told me he would explain

partner's wife and her mother replied th the
senior partner's courteous greetings with un-
usnal stiffness plainly indicating their joint

a

youne man.

“Shall I turn on the electric fan, madam?” | after we had got started, and said it was time
the senior partner politely asked the junior | for us to be off.
partner's wife's mother “We drove away slowly and quietly, as Sohus-
“Tam quite cool enough, thank you, "sald the | ter said he didn’t want to wake up the police,
Junior peytner.s wife's mother, snappily and as soon as we got beyond the town, he

“Shall I fetch you a gloss of iced water?” he | told me we were to drive to the railroad, and

|
asked the Junior’ partner's wife. that he had his traps and his $75,000 in gold
“You are very kind, but I am not in the least | in the buggy. This was more than my con-
thirsty,” she replied in a tone which seemed | tract called for, but I wasn't goi to back
to convey the idea as plainiy as words that she | out then, and hitting the horses 4 lick we flew
feared he might put something in the water | along the road like a cyclone. I had always
wanted $75,000, it seemed such a nice poetical
kind of a sum of money to have, but now that
} did have it, I never was more uncomfortable.
knew that if those road agenta discovered
Schuster's absence, or guessed that he had
| an ped, they would be after us on horses

that wouldn't do her any good.

he senior partner turned to his work, A
the three sat in unbroken silence for fully fif-
teen minutes, when the sound of a blustery,
cheerful voice was heard in the office boy’s
anteroom.and afew seconds latera tall, broad-
and I did not like the idea of being chased

shouldered, frank-faced young man entered the

and it was the same by which he was known | e's pretty handy with his maulies, and all

“Yea” answered Abe Cronkite. W p

“You had better.” she continued, * in Row vour address,’ continued the leader, | that, but this fighting business {s not the thing Ore beth eee wife he made for her ~ A = na Jian one one om os

ote \eftuence, Peidoda, wealth | Reche atter wridng down the name, 60 we can notify | for gentlemen, not by @ long shot. I just] “Why, hello, there, Patsy!” he said. “I didn’t | have the $75,000, It was a fine night for
Pen tegen Bt vou aver approsched tne again’ Cont ere pt tA os ote oe wish I could find out who this Conway duffer | know you'd be walting for me. or I'd have come | driving, just warm enough, and as we kept

~L know it." said Abe Cronkite. but will call it accidental, or something like | 1s, anyhow. Prugnine—way, what's the maser here, Gay | Be eS Se the bens the feed wows f.

“Have you got it with you?” she asked. y will not feelso bad over your loss
In reply ihe detective handed her a little Tee von want to say or ara you
gold ring. She went over to the window and | want to send will be put down in this book
examined it closely; and then passed out of | and your last wishes will be attended to as
the room without a glance, without a word. | far aa possible. Now what have you got to
gn anotnee . Inetapt the bell-boy appeared | pay?’

Wig 8 healed en vernns r “The man and pleaded to be let go,
an ab is for you,” he said, “and I'm to see | making all pees promises, the’ Teader {a
; ts he

With abe Cronkite was back agnn in bs | anit fore pal mrtow On he fe

th

The young woman who manipulates the type-
writer for the firm came in just then.

“By the way, Miss Bringlunch,” the senior
partner said to her, “have we any person on
the name of Jim Conway on our list of cor-
respondenta?”

“No, sir,” she promptly replied. “We've
got a Conners, Coleman, Coulter, Conneff,
Curran—lots and lots of C'’s—but no Conwa

“So I thought,” said the senior partner,
“Er—by the way, did you ever happen to hear
Mr. Barlock refer to a person by the name

of—er—Bub?"

The young woman smiled as she tied her
black sateen apron in the back

I've heard him call the newsboys who come
into the office with papers Bub,” she replied

“Er-yes, ye ," murmured the senior partner,
“sohavel. But this is ast. Louis Bub, Well
no matter.”

The senior partner dived into the mass of

The Junior partner's wife had shaken her- | the sound of Joofbeats, and each of us had
self loore and averted her face when her hus- | two revolvers in easy reach.
band had attempted to fold her in his arms me “We stopped for breakfast fo: miles from
stared at her for a moment, and then he sta Pioche, Schuster changing his clothes as we
at his mother-in-law, drove the last mile or two. We gave our team
“What's up, mom?” he asked his wife’s moth- | a good rest, with an eye on our bugey all the
er. “What have I been and gone and done now, | time, and at noon we started again, making
I'd like to know? Did I leave the water rmun- sorty mies by dark, and the next day we
ning in the bath room before starting for Wash- | reac the railroad In time to catch the train
ington, or have you lost my bull-pup again. that | for Salt Lake City. I went there with Schuster,
you all look so queer--or what the deuce is it all | and as we pulled out of the station and knew
about?” we and the $75,000 were safe, Schuster tapped
Neither of the women vouchsafed him any | himaelf on the head, with a peculiar German
reply, and he turned to his senior partner, | smile, and said: ‘Meppe I vas a Dutchman vat
Tsay, Topknot, look here: are youin on this?” | don'd know somedings; aber nicht.’ Then he
he said to his senior partner, who was twiddlin waved his hand toward Pioche in farewell
f He wanted me to go to 'Friscco and stay a year
with him, but I had other business to attend to

lodgings he opened the packet with hands, “Dy ‘he « iefiy to t an at the
which despite fis habitual self-control, trem- ie =." ‘ pater es ner the
bled. It contained $2,000 in crisp new bills! wagon seat andheld up by the ropearound his
The next afternoon, a quiet, decently-clad ont
man, elderly and with an expression which “Then the wagon was driven around and the
eeemed to tell of recent sickness, entered the second man was put in, and when he was under
law offices of Marcellus & Beavers and sent | the limb and the rope fixed, the leader took
his name to the senior partner out his book and pencil and asked him the
Cronkite,” said suege Marcellus, when the | y.yal questions, winding up with, ‘Now what
door was closed, “I’m glad 10 see you out again. | have you got to say?’
I've often thought of you, wondering what “He told such a pitiful story of wife and
zou would do and hoping for your well-being; | children and temptation and bad company
or I know your good points from long experi- | that the crowd began to weaken. The
ences, my man: I know you are not base because | jeader closed his notebook with a snap
of one clip Tell me, what can I do for you? ‘Drive on.’ he commanded, and the next in-
Not only Abe Cronkite’s hands, but his lips | «tant the prisoner was swinging and the wagon | papers on his desk, but he couldn't get the
trembled as he heard these kind words. “Wait moved around for its third and last load ylooathirsty telegram to his junior partner out
a bit, sir,” he faltered, “ and I will tell you.” “This chap was an ugly. litlde sawed-off | of his mind. He was puzziing over it stlil
The old lawyer bent over his papers while the | euss, with a face like iron, and he had watched | radiant when his junior partner's young wife

his thumbs and looking very much confused
“Did Lroba bank in my sleep last week, or have

the papers come out and accused me of being a | When I got back to my team, four days later,
rmeniber of the ee Trust, or - {they were as good as ever, and I went into
My boy,” the senior partner interrupted, | Pioche as though I had not driven more than a

judiciously rising and taking the mysterious | dozen miles, but everybody knew where I had

telegram from the inside poeket of his frock | been, The road agents had very little to say,

coat, “the telegraphic message which I] bave in | but one of them told me, in speaking inctl-

 

my hand, and which, | regret to say, | opened | dently of Schuster, that he hated a liar.”
this morning knowing that you would not be | stadtigniemineamsamalaamatins

back in New York until late in the afternoon, . > ‘
has been the occasion, owing to its somewhat UNIQUE SQUIRREL HUNTING.

man pulled himself together. “Now, sir.” | fhe entire proceedings without turning a hair, | came ip along toward 11 o'clock in the morn. | MYsterious contents, of the seeming , an
said Abe (Cronkite, after a moment drawir ate « place took his -eat like | ing. She wanted to find out the exact hour her Let's see it, Topknot,” said the Juntor part- | The Cat Chases Them Ont of the Trees and the
pe yh : husband was due back froin Washington, ner. reaching for the telegram Dog Catches Them.

up his chair with that business-like air which | @ soldier facing a fort although his arms and
had formerly ¢.ven weight to his words. “1 | lege were tied and he could not move with much
want to know what kind of will old Kichard | grace. The leader, as well as the rest of us,
Jaycox left behind him?” : was more or less moved with admiration for

Why do you ask that?” inquired the old | his nerve, and when the old man took out his
lawyer sharply. “Unless for good cause shown | notebook and pencil he was quite pleasant in

He spread it out and glanced over its two s
lines. By the time he got through reading it From the St. Louts Globe-Democrat.

he was in a frenzy of excitement. He jerked Col. J. E. Robertson, of the Paducah (Ky.)
his wateh out and looked at it. Daily Herald, a Democrat and a strong oppo-

“Ty ot time.” b tt h 4
ast ily af iaet me. Se cuanneeed 00 Sinan, nent of the Goebel methods of running elections

“He'll be here a little after 4, 1 guess,”
said the senior partner. “Er- by the way,
Mrs. Barlock, does Jack number among his
friends or acquaintances anybody by the name
of Jim Conway?"

] cannot talk about my client's affairs.” “Jim Conway?" repeated the junior partner's ; |
And then Abe Cronkite told him the incom- Mell Short he said, addressing him fa- wifo, with @ finger at her lip mR hy. no, not | Patsy. you mt mae hha to omer until 1 | in his State, 1s also @ good fisherman and hunter,
»lete story he had heard from Jack Clubbina, miliarily. ‘what have you got to say?’ that T know of. Inever heard him say anything | @*t bac. I ri pack in wwenty omy . oF This is one of his experiences down in Tennessee
the ‘burglar, and showed ‘him’ the $2,000 he | BAY, tnt catithe privoner as, calmly as | about air. Conway Why rae oie Mite at ae the cite deat aed | where he is as well known as in ‘Kentucky. It
ad rece rom Mrs. Davenant. {f he had charge of the funeral, and the effect Oh, nothing,” said the senior partner, in a down the steps like a boy breaking out of a | is told in his own peculiar way, and there in

constrained sort of tone, putting away the
message from St. Louis for the fiftieth time

The wife of the junior partner suddenly looked
alarmed.

“That telearam!” she gasped, _ noticing
the senior partner's furtive manner of slipping
the despatch into his pocket—"ia anythin
wrong with Jack? Hasthe train been wrecked?
Has the-——"

And she started to her feet in great agitation

“Calm yourself, calin yourself,” said the senior
partner, also rising and smiling reassuringly,
There's nothing the matter. Train wrecked?
Why, the idea! How did you ever get such a
notion——'

“But that telegram that you handle so mys-
teriously,” said the junior partner’s wife, not
yet over her alarm.

“What telegram—this?” said the senior
Pein i taking the night message from St.

My God!” cried the old lawyer, = “Two thou- | was go startling that the whole crowd broke
sand dollars paid by one of Richard Jayoox’s | into applause aA asked for a stay of proceed-
children to the infamous jail bird, whose wan- ings. Yt was a case of good hard nerve win-
ton, desperate deed hastened her father's | ning against blg odds, and the prisoner was
death! [tis incredible, it is inexplicable! What | toid he might have a chance for his life. He
good couldhe have done her? Itellyou, nothing, ! didn't break down, then, either, but said he
absolutely nothing was taken from that safe! would do nothing or say nothing until we had
ap himply this, sir” explained Abe Cronkite. | poleased him from the ropes around his arms
Clubbing assured me that it was a good job. | and legs, and we soon had him loose. Then
Mrs. Davenant must have been satisfied with | he told us that if we would let him have any
it or she wouldn't have paid so readily. If, as | oiq plug of a horse and ten hours’ start he
both you and he say, nothing was taken from | wouldn't ask any odds of anybody, He got
res gris, tee he ust have put something in | the horse and he got the start. and he got out

. anal ne Will? - "1 .
“The will?” gasped Judge Marcellus, “the of the country guick, and we never heard of

will, which I didn't draw, leaving the bull of | him again, but & have alware thought we lot

the property absolutely to Mrs. Davenant, and

cutting poor Agnes off witha pittance! It can- because we had such a high regard for nerve.”
not be so; it must be so! You see, Cronkite, I ag ee ee
was away when it was probated, but if I had HIS STYLE OF ADVERTISING,
been here mere, woud yave been no suspicion shenensaeiemmeniie

on my. part. chard Jaycox was a strange, Dev

{rascible man, continually at war with some Carpet S eee Ovid Chapman
one, and making a now will on the alt test en Business Got Dull.

cause. He was very much dissatis w! a “The Professional writer of advertisements,”
OUnSer Geughter © meowe tor Brancls oe remarked a man in the advertising business,
this was alleged as the reason why he treated | knows more about his trade than any one else

her so. The will was found in the compart- | does, But occasionally some rank outaider,
mont he ad always, used for such purpot®. 20 | trom whom it's least to be expected, comes out
Ronever destroyed one of em nes reser to | with a etray idea that is worthy of attention.

it were house servants who out @ ‘I remember the case of an old man named
gow ‘aie joa, My = oy pe Ovid Chapman, who kept the general store in a
left the old man’s ion. Why, then, | sleepy little Massachusetts village. He was not

should any one suspect? The family is a pecu- | an educated man, but he was clever, as is
teriy proud Sa See A nes a marae ‘ai proved by the fact that he could read his own
quiesced; of course, Mrs, Davenant got full | handwriting. One day he wandered into the
possession in thirty days! But now, well, we | office of the village weekly and asked to see the
will see whether my old friend's solemn pro- busi or

visions are to be 60 impiously ignored; we will | business manager.
see whetber his favorite child is to be the spoil ***Hey, youl’ he said by way of greeting to
Gee ep tat cr But, oh, man, it’s a pity you | that worthy, ‘I want twoinches of space for two

ee a eee Tor recess, huss a0 novelty {n the method of squirrel hunting in
he got outside, and he hailed the driver and | Tennessee as he relates the incident;

darted into the vehlele. One morning in the latter part of April I

“Drive like the devil to —--——'s!" he shouted | found myself in Paris, Tenn., where my busi-
to the driver, and in something under three : a ;
minutes he had rushed into the upstairs pool- | Mess called me every sixty days. 1 wasthenin

room about four blocks from his offiee the wholesale drug business, and did considera-

The second line of betting was in on thesecond | bie of my own commercial touring. I had a
race at St. Louis, and the horse Jim Conway
was the rank outsider at 60 to 1. The junior | Customer down at a little town on the Tennes-

artner crowded his way up to the counter and | see River about twenty miles distant, and wanted

|

|
aid down a ten-dollar note. to go to see him, and desired to get an early
unl Cou he sald to the man be- start. Sol arose at 5 o'clock, ordered break-

 

“Conway, $600 to $10,” said the money taker, | fast and sailied out to find my old friend, Mike
and he had no pooner nntped the words than Acker, to join me in a “morning's morning” to
ag rg Ph . Pian cane out the oper- | Whet my appetite for the breakfast; but he
ator. "Rushfleld in the lead, Cathedral sec- | could not be found, and, not wishing to drink

ond sf aoe "peihearal atthe sonnet by | alone, I had my bottle filled to take with me
wo  lengtha, usl 's second. ause.
"Cathedral ‘at the half by three Jengths, pie ay breakfast hurriedly and an my trip

Rushfleld necond." Pause “Cathedral at the ind @ quick-stepping team. not
rs by a

ouis from his pocket. “Why, this is an or-

in - er—business telegram addressed to
Sack rom St. Louis, and it's—-—

“Let me see it, please, if ie for eck. eald
the junior partner's wife, holding out her neatly
gloved hand, and the senior partner could do
nothing elee but pase it over.

“ ‘Hammer— re yonwer. Punch--him—
your--limit. Don't-—let—any thing—acare—you--
out. He's—eaay. Bus,’ ” the junior p er's
wife read, slowly and distinctly, her eyes widen-
ing at each sentence. “This, then, is the Mr.
Conway that you spoke of Mr. Topknot,
what Is the meaning of this? What the
world is the——”

“You can search me,” said the agplor part-
ner desperately, “FEr—that is, it's all as mys-
terious to me as it soparenty is to you. I've
been bothering my head about it all the morning.
I wouldn't have worried you by showing It to
you, but as long as you asked to see it, why, of
course--——

And the senior partner coughed behind his
hand and looked dismal.

The junior partner's wife paced up and down
the office with the telegram in her hand.

. - ven more than three miles until I saw some
three-quarte length. Rushfeld's second.” | one in the ro ead of me, and it proved to be

Pause. “Cathedral in the stretch 4 neck, . A
Rushfleld’s second by a neck—" I T pause. pike Ane, i. reat ae I'd lost balf an hour
“Jim Conway wins, easy, by three lengths! aleing f F ke” I aor 4 at him
“Whoopee-wow!” The yell went up from the “Hello! , coed , tm.
long-shot players in the room who had taken a °
chance on Jim Conway.
The junior partner stood around with a broad
in on his face while he waited for the race to
confirmed. Then he collected, bounded
downstairs, hailed another cab, and in exactly
seventeen minutes from the time he had left his
office he was back there again. He was
eeted with the same frigidity as character-
zed his original welcome. He still wore his
broad grin, and he walked r to his desk,
raised the lid, and began to di plo his pockets.
He fromuced first one fat roll of bills and then
another, and he slammed each roll down on his
desk as if it were so much shavings, His wife |
and his wife's mother and his senior partner

 

put on air and came to a full stop.

“Yes, gota bottle. What are you doing out
here? Stealing away from home .

“Naw; ony out hupting.

“Out hunting! W

“Don't need none.”

“Well, then, how are you going to hunt?”

“Well, you hitch that team and give me a
drink, and I'll Ppa heal With that he pro-
ceeded to unload a coffee sack from his shoulder,
lay it carefully down by theside of the road, and,
pulling the hitch strap from under the seat,
made my team fast for me, and said: “Where's
that bottle?” 1 produced It, and he took a long
ull, smacked his lips and said: “Come on, Jim

ere is your gun?”

 

‘lL show you something you never seed afore.’

“le w ” - | months Things has been droppin’ off consid’ vate 8
“It i wowd be," replied Abe Cronkite quietly, able in my line lately, an’ an cee rm = + "Why, it looks as If Jack had an enemy named waned Dia, parorral pe Tae eee’ Shouldering his sack he broke through the
1 ater nd dowiah Marcellus, rho cid | Serta Yor ape gin rniray and tha einen (0 ant sin | Nien the Jun clerk had trade apm | Rood fumed by his te blak and white
fashioned office lawyer who for a half century Ahem} coughed the business manager, ‘now | senior partner. "I'd just like to know who a a tet oe bie wife CP shea ter, ing out." After about fifteen minutes’ sprinting

had been both mind and conscience to the lead- | Just what is your line of business, Mr—er—Uhap-
ing families of the town, sat in one of the smaller | man?’
yarlors of the exclusive hotel on the avenue “Wal, I jest keep hardware, candy, shoes,
tirs, Davenant entered, and greeted him with | tooth brushes, bacoy, ‘shirts, and all sech things.
apparent cordiality. But zou needn't bother about that; I've got my

I'm so glad you called, Judge,” she began; | adall writup,’and he took from his pocket a
“] do so want to advise with you about my son.” | slip of paper upon which was scrawled the fol-

he stopped, untied the sack, and out crawled a
big, gray house cat--it yawned and stretched a
few times and then Mike hollered at it: “Wake
yp, and git to business.” Up a tree it went
on from Iimb to limb, and srectly T notices
it was chasing a big fox squirrel chased it so
warm it jumped, and then I noticed that the

this horrid, nasty ruffian who signs himself
Bub ts, that ‘sall. My Jack fighting a man with
such an awful, ‘longshoremanish name as Jim
Conway! Why, that name sounds like the
names of the roustabouts we read of in the
papers who attack their poor wives with cot-
ton hooks and throw burning lamps at them.

still grinning:
“Did youread this telegram, my dear,” hold-
ing the message out in his hand.
1 certainly did,” she replied, “and you would
oblige me greatly if you would-—”
“And who do you think this Jim Conway
was, Pgtsy?” he interrupted

 

 

“Of course, you don't,” agreed the old lawver | was surprised to see this placard hanging above
suavely, “Still, L have the affidavit of the teller ? anging abo
of the Keystone Bank that he paid those iden- the boots and ehoes in his window:
tical notes to you a month ago. However, that

Jack's got a code of his own, you know, and
maybe he-—”
The wife of the Junior partner was looking

fact, had begun to dawnupon them that they
were in a foolish position, had to smile in spite
of themaelves. When the junior partner

“rT , * re e ;
the sid enve: grave WS ones arel'n the icon eT {nd peg ey By il on, wee? "T hadn't the least idea in life,” she replied cree Corn tis nl pg ae eee eee
rule, you know, madame. My private detec- , | [ee himeeit by getting Into dimonties with, without ans sign of relenting, “nor have never touched the ground, The littie dow took
tive, who does much confidential work for our | ; WE DON'T KEEP ANYTHING. : mt oh, I don't know what to think of it all | &! the present thoment._ 1 intend. however, itinon the tly, equal to an outfielder in a base-
firm, a close-mouthed tellow, asked me to re- | : we ene Sve ' Telnet T don't!” ; to find out who, Mr. Conway is at the earllest | 141) nine. Gne snap and the aquirrel was
dar Oinlenpprchension <it Seeusted to t ; nv And. she strode up and down the office Donne Junlor partner fell into a revolving chair | dead, and off went the dog, with his head up,
her with a courtly bow the envelope contain- | } © CHAPMAN Ne on eon in the senior partner pruce, Wis nee pe ° rent o ie 4 tor ae they ould mabe it leap for bts, ‘ce Pau use
" , . ‘ ' . 7? ’ J y

pee, ay alas i po roomie | Ma ieee | mer he net ana eae tae | beep needa ovet the bullang’” He roared | sockinae them: it Mike aed ent ie ease
Pee WS AES: crag) Oe WON 108 | Fann sree en | Mie Me Conways er-ewtip. the fact come | fit hgh, what ha perormance, ras | hie coft surk'aiready contained: more than be

; 1 ne days later, when passing his store, 1 | to think of It, it may be a message in code. and his senior partner, notwithstanding the | Could bring back to Paris. When we got back

to the bugay Mike, in a well-delivered speech,
convinced me he had shown me enough to jus-
tify my abrogating all my rights in and to the

 

ite { ’ y : : t him so suspiciously, however, that he couldn ; . said bottle, saying: “Anyhow, it's dangerous
i" faa that the Ting he delivered to ; Weer Orne A Ow Renmnnom  f go on. An expression just a trifle harder than ven oe gpration Be menaced tee me to drink and drive; hosses mout run off and kill
you at the time was only a clever counterfest of | : customers : | was exactly becoming gradually stole into her | q Peland of his in St. Louis who followed the | YU. ‘Sides, you are going down to the river,
he one you evidently expected, and which | : ; | face, and she walked over close to where the | races out there, and who had promised to tip him where you kin git water.
our sister recognizes as one of your personal | : New shoes sold. 3 | senior partner sat in his revolving chair. off on the first good thing at a long price that enaiepaies.
prongings since you were & child. bere | f “Ah,” she said in a hard tone, °T begin to see. | was to be put over the plate at the St. Louls Full and Explicit Directions
is the original! Strange, isn’t it, that it should | Old shoes resoted. You are trying to cover up something—you | meeting. Bub had kept his promise, and the as
nit Nig ae ten bt aeriom ee Outer ret At Re ne he Eb tomey hat y | Junior partner was $600 to the good, That Tee bloretiets pase ing Gree . onal town
burglar, who made such @ mysteri " “'Yaa,' he said, coming to the door, with a . aavenn! . was all. ; on the Long Island shore ed to take the
Rault on your father's safe, and that it should | sgushed chuckle beliegein ehecteiain’ But SE ea aetna ich a tre eats | pocAnd Uf,Fou don't go out and corner the | train from there home. Being unfamiliar with

oda market to-morrow, Patay,”’
Seer puriner concluded, addressing Me the place, they stopped to inquire of a colored
wife, “on the strength of what our four-foo' woman the way to the railway station.
pal, Jim Conway, hag done for us, why-—- “We are strangers,” they aaid; “would you

have been accepted by you as the pledge for

0007
othe lady paced furiously up and down the
room. “What is !t you are plotting against

{t's liked baked beans; it’s got to be well done
to be any good,’"’

be—after all the sacrifices I've made for Jack
—tiving away from mamma all this time—and
—and——

2” ahe Jed. Killed in a Stamped "i Then she reduced her handkerchief to e wad y had . the office boy, in awee ”
menting maaan pene hed ~ iat . From the Henan poe “ig ese he pee. ihe eves” oo in ‘ut the afin Ricked up the the gran eine ertalnty eu te he ‘replied: “Keep a goin’

, tae) 01 ity Timea. orners of her eyes, , ' :
reproachfully,"with my established reputation v “Tuy dear aul sald the senior partner, °1 | ‘nat had slipped to the floor while the junior | PCI. comes to de comer whe 4. cle

pagiper wap laughing, Tha’ got a place o’ dat!* | Post Office used ter be, dentu'n to yo' lef’ an’

 

r probity; at my time of life! You do me an CARLSBAD, N. M., May 24.--Monroe Clayton
ofubtion, protest. J/ was only about to pr wealthy cattle man of this valley and one of t

a
by
amicable arrangem You wil owners of the “Figure 4” ranch, while riding in

 
 

give you my solemn word that! know no more
about that message, nor about Mr. Conwer,
hear in

  
 
   

  

yo'll go right to de station.’
oe er oer Lee iat thate ev'ry ay As they rode off she beamed with pride, they

     

LE. CC SSS SSS Ss ess en ts SSS SS

rr

pose an ent. ,

read ) on, that it | advanoe of a herd sei : than you do. I never of Mr. Conway i

Bran ae hot ein a area | Gs tt eet eis | A Re, tee: | i Petraes ena Sa" | Sat prea trae oe
churt t! Y cattle im, fractur- Mrs. . - | w' t. entries . “

tes ment of Ru ‘ Jayoox, for bis skull, He died this aiterncea.” ting the importance of this despatch. There lo in a buckjumpl” wha de ole Post Sood tr Bh

 
    

Le

     
   

   
 

FEWER FAVORITES WIY,

 

 

 
   
 

AND STAKES HORSES ARE TO BLAME
FOR THE FALLING OFF,

While They Are Not Running as Tree to Form

as Heretofore, the Despised Youngsters
Are Building Up a Record for Belia-
bility That Is Confounding Old Pentere.

An analytical study of the racing at the big
Eastern tracks brings to light the solution
of many problems which have been puzaling
the followers of the sport, but, unfortunately,
the solution is too often only the door to another
problem. This issomewhat of a paradox, bas
none the less true.

Tt has been repeatedly noted in the columns
of Tue Sun that there has been a steady de
crease in the number of winning first favorites
for the past two years, and that this has been
Offeet, so far as the gain or loss to the punter
is concerned, by a steady increase in the odde

laid against first choices.

In thie way, while

winnipg a smaller number of bets, the punter

has‘actually been in a position to make more

money on a given hundred or more transac

tions, The why and wherefore of the decrease
in winning favorites is one of the racing prob=

lems of the day, and ts laid to various causes.

One of these is the barrier.

Many well-ine

formed men claim that the use of the barrier

has, to a large extent, destroyed form. That

is to say, if a good horse breaks flat-footed,
and a poorer horse happens to be moving when

the barrier is raised, the poorer horse will

possibly win, where, under the old system
of starting, the good horse would have been
manauvred by his good jockey and obtained
&@ more even break. As an indorsement of
this view is pointed out the almost total elimina
tion of the old-time large bettor, such as M.
Dwyer, and Grannan, the only one remaining
being Pittsburg Phil, on a greatly reduced and
more conservative basis. L’Hommedieu and
othersmay perhaps be entitled to some con
sideration from the more modern standpoint,

but the day of the man who will place $40,000

in the ring to win $1,000, as M. Dwyer did (and
lost the bet) ts it and gone. The

scarcely to be t

barrier is

en as the reason for the change
by unbiassed thinkers, although it may have

something to do with it, but during the first year

of its use little or no change in the percent
of winning favorites was noticed,
surely have been more strongly demonstrat
then, rather than now, when the horses a

Pe

platers in sell!
to form, notw
suppor

ly deterrent qualities, in

yhenomena,

it should

are more or leas accustomed to ita use
jatever the cause of the i
trouble appears to be that while two-year-
minor two-year-old events,
races, are running fairly true
thetanding the barrier ard ite

the stake

races horses are not do ng so to the same exe
D

tent, and the old practice o

playing the favorite

in stake races to win, to the utter exclusion of

all other races, is to-day a pretty sure avenue

to the goal of failure.

most
races severe)

they were a

yeaye gone by It was the

maxim o

urf veterans to let the two-year-ol

liable to do all kinds of things, an

were out of their swaddling clothes and became
and correct members of equine society
d not receive the consideration whic!
speculation and risk. As
or the past six years or 60

Stal
sho
precedes mone

@ matter of fact,

the running of the two-year-olds

most exempla
races schedule

on and twenty lost, or about 38
the pecervening years following
whe

line to 1899

i alone. The argument
ot of rattleheade: {oanaetare,
unti

they

has been

In 1804, of the twenty-two
for two-year-olds at Morris
Park, twelve favorites won and ten lost, or
64 per cent., and in 1894 at the same track twelve

r cent.,
ong tha

n in elghteen two-year-ol

races at that track nine favorites won
and nine lost, or 50 per oent.,

1900, nine won and
In the twenty-five races, or 386
r cent. It must also be remembered tha

and_ this
elxteen

hese favorites are generally & very

odds. In fact, any one who wi
to look up two-year-old statistics will be sur-
at the consistency shown. In one case

ake the trouble

the writer quotes from memory) Despera
Gold Link and another horse ran Cree, aqode

and

in three races, so that eac!

in turn was first, second and third.

as will be seen by the followin

Morris Park running.

he Toboggan the favorite won.

uet the

he St. Nicholas the favorite lqst

Grig
was

avorite lost and Educate 5-

The Larch-

The

vorite, Vuloain, was beaten by Mark C

at 7-1.

ran a dead heat with an 8-1 shot.

chester was won by the favorite, Ildrim,

The Fashion favorite from the

r stable lost to Anecdote 6-1,
avorite was beaten by Kilmarnock at #1,
In the New York Steeplechase the favorite
The Bay-
n

the New Rochelle Survivor at 4-1 beat t

favorite, Bonnibert won the Laureate and

was favorite, The Knickerbocker

was beaten by Lackland at 4-1.

the

the Na-

tional Stallion to the favorite credit. Onee

Queen beat the favorite, Indian Fairy, in the
Ladies. The International Steeplechase was
won by Van Ship at 8-1, defeating the favorite.

Missionary at 4-1 made the favorite

Tulane “aid

back seat in the Pocantico, and 1

the same trick in the Amateur Cup.
Lavender at 4-1 won from the favorite in the

Gaiety. Vuleain was favorite and

Van Cortland, and the Eclipse and the -

won ¢

mont found the favorite beaten in both events,

Thus in the twenty-six
of the meeting only seven favorites won, or
not quite 27 per cent. d

reflection,

W

Pocantico
land and Belmont
favorites, or 48
more important stakes,
it will be found that in the twenty-four lea
stakes thirteen won, or 54 per cent., and that
in 1898 fourteen favorites won in thirty-one
stakes, or 45 per cent
days of favorite players, when Morris

Truly, here is foo

lechase, St,
Knicker

These were the

leading stake races

In 1890 the favorite won the Juvenile, M
nlitan, New York Steep.
ithers, Baychester, Laureate,
Amateur Cup, Galety, Van Corte
This was thirteen winning
per cent. in the twenty-seven

Going back to

totalled winning favorites in 1892 of 48 per cent.,
in 1893 of 48 per cent., and in 1804 of 49 per cent,
the total average of these three years at all
Jockey Club meetings being, 1802, 46

1898, 47 per cent, and 1804, 00 pat cent,
In 1893 we had two-year-o

Dolly Varden, Miss Galop, Declare and

in 1804, Waltzer, Butterfiles,

ton;
Barry Reed and Connoiseur, but
did th

much, from a time standpoint. This
k Bedeck ran five furlongs in
and Educate in 59. In 1899 Trum

Rl in 58%. Away
ooh running five

at Morrie Par!
58%
ran the distance in 59 and Pu
back in 1804 is found Nanki
furlongs in 59, and in 1808 Declare hangs up

d flyers suc’

ad cent.s

Applause,

how much

ey excel Bonnibert, Irritable, k
Tommy Atkins and Sweet Lavender? Not

68% for the Galliard Stakes.

consistent,
lost by the favorites and have
to the second choices. The selling platers
run somewhat in and out, but the fa te

hus the two-year-olds are and have been
while the stake races have been
ainly gone

average with them keeps very steady.

decrease of winnin

favorites, shown in ¢

groes total ofa meeting. to be laid at t

of the stake horses.

pointer for heavy Investors.

4
is should be a ww

PENNSYLVANIA'S BIG PIERS,

Eventually Ten of Them, Each a Mile Long,
Will Be Built at Greenville.

Additional information regarding the prow
posed

vania Railroad officers. The company owns

extensive harbor improvementa at
Greenville, in Jersey City, is given by Pennsyle

8,700 feet of water front there and contracts
have already been awarded to P, Sanford Ross
of Jersey City for the building of a timber bulke
hend 2.400 feet long. It is estimated tha
4,500,000 cuble vards of material will be requir
in the flata back of the bulkhead, an
when the filling iscompleted the company will
have 15,000,000 square feet upon which to lay
tracks ard build warehouses
Toreach this new ground, the Pennsylvania
tracks will have to be carried over the Morris

to fill

and Essex Canal, the Jersey

Central and the

Black Tom wharves back of Liberty Island, on

a viaduct 40 feet high.

Ultimately, the Penn-

sylvania Company will have at this point ten
piers each fully a mile long.

 

Praden Thought He Destroyed the

MADE A WILL EVERY MONTH.

Old Cne

Each Time, but Two Have Been Found,

CINCINNATI, May 30.—The late Judge A. J.
Pruden left at least two wills, and probably
One di cument is in the Probate Court

more

safe dated 1895.

executed by Pruden later. His

are
more

looking about, thinking

wills may be disclosed,

An attorney has another will

relatives
possibly
Judge

Pruden had a queer habit of making
anew will nearly every thirty daya The docu-
ment bearing the latest date he would carefully
deposit in the Probate Court and would remove

the one preceding it,

The aged attorney made

so many visits for this purpose to the Probate
Court that Squire James walved his usual court

e°8.
The estate is large. Each ti

on

Pru

ap-

with anew will in court he woul Jeugh

y. as though he was playing a Joke
J

  

olde

and selling

was

horse

The failure of the favorites to connect is
apparently to be found in the stake races,
résumé 0}
The Juvenile, the favore
ite lost, and Tommy Atkins at 5-1 won, The
Metropolitan the favorite won.

ont the favorite lost and Kilogram 10-1 won,

t

won.
and Gov,

61 won. The Hailem the favorite
First at the finish. The Crotona, the fae

Rr
The Wit re

favorite
The Van
Nest was won by Native, who at 41 beat the
7-5 favorite, First Whip. Belle of Lexington
at 5-1 spreadeagled the favorite Survivor in
Claremont. Bonnibert carried

Sweet

for

N itholam,

bocker,
ding

Park

Hale

year

 
     
   
    
  
  
   
    
     
    
    
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
 
 
  
   
  
      
 
   
  
     
   
   
     
        
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
        
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
     
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
    
  
     
    
   
   
 
   
  
 

if