D)

 

te eee

 

A Leading Feature of the

Summer Girl's Wardrobe,

ONE-TONE FASHION PLANS.

 

Secret of Obtaining Coveted Dis-
tinction in Dress.

 

Costumes for Summer's Round of Fashionable
Sports and Amusements—-New Flowered
Meslins Charming for Young Girls—Ex-
travagance the Trimming of Thin
Gowne-Uses of the Cloth of Gold and Gold
Galloon—Attractive Gowns for Yachting—
Pigques for Morning—Thin Waists for Mat-
rons Who Have Lost Their Girlish Figares.

Bummer with its continuous round of fash-
fonable sports and amusements is here once
again, and all the accumulated ambitions for
dogens of gowns, which loomed hazily but per-
sistently in the perspective of every fashionably
Feguiated feminine mind, early in the spring,
have become flattering reali\ies or disappoint-

 

ing uncertainties according to the size of one’s
{ncome and one’s dressmaking facilities. What
ever the result of early endeavors, however,
there are no lingering illusive impressions as
to the varying needs of dress now that the sea-
son has opened. The summer girl with her
fetching togs and somewhat doubtful profi-
clency in outdoor sports {s one of the ruling
inspirations of summer life and she will be elo-
quently expressed this year if she lives up to
all the season's privileges for variety and beauty
in her costumes. *

Special advantages are offered in the way
of models, and there is every kind of gown
for.every kind of function, with hats and para-
sole to match. A pretty idea which has been
suggested before in this column is to adopt
some one color for the season and use it through-
out your entire outfit in every possible way
as though it were your exclusive right, eschew-
ing all others, except the dark, and the neutral
tints. It is one way of achieving distinction
in dress at the fashionable watering places
where everything in the way of fashion seems
to belong to every one else and nothing seems
to stand out as especially distinguished. The
possibilities for mastering the art of distinc-
tive dressing are greater than ever before
sinoe the variety in dress increases with each
succeeding season, so that it is merely a question
of sufficient thought and taste, and a liberal
amount of expenditure.

The new flowered muslins are charming for
young girls, the effect in the coloring and pat-
tern closely resembling hand painting. These
are made up with quaint lace trimmed fichus
and worn with a drooping trimmed lacelike
straw hat faced with folds of colored chiffon.
The skirts are variously trimmed with lace
{nsertion and made up over fine lawn and chiffon
underskirts, one over the other, trimmed with
Barrow ruffies and ruches of ribbon.

In the trimming of thin gowns fashion lends
herself to all sorts of extravagance which is
found quite as much in the labor as in the lace
and ribbons. Tucking all around the hips
fn vertical lines extending to the knees forms
one of the most popular skirts, The tucks

 

are fine and at equal distances all around,
or arranged in groups sufficient in number to
form the needed flare around the hem. Two
medium wide-shaped flounces finish soma of
the skirts trimmed with lace insertions in ver-
tical lines above, and are usually finished with
a lace edging.

One thing with which the summer girl will
be supplied, if she is up to date, is the linen
dreas, not one but several, besides some sepa-
fate waists of linen. Butcher's liner, linen
lawns, linen ducks, and corded linens which

look like piqués, are all on the fashionable list
for gowns and waists These come in a variety
of colors, the décru tint, blue and pure white
being especially favored. They are made
up in simple morning dresses with blouse
waists or jackets, trimmed with stitched bands
of linen in contrast. white on the color, and
colored bands stitched with white on the white
@ovn. But the latest and most elegant variety
©. linen dress is trimmed, and quite elaborately,
too, with gold galleon, black velvet ribbon
and Arab lace

The cloth of gold which suggests expensive

 

LINEN GOWNS

 

on the linen gowns underneath lace, and sewn
on in bands as well. It is especially good style
on the white and écru tints. Two bands of
gold cloth trim the skirt of one white piqué

 

gown made with a box plaited blouse bodice
striped half way down from the shoulders
with narrow gold bands finished at the ends
with a gold button. A belt of gold with a gold
buckle is one of the swell girl's treasured poss
sessions this season, and she wears it with
shirtwaists as well as muslin and linen gowns,
Linen guipure over the cloth of gold makes
@ pretty vest. Another form of using gold
is in the little gold bullion tassels which tip
the ends of small bows, and in bullion fringe,
which finishes sash ends.

Pale blue linen duck makes some very charm
tng yachting dresses, and again the cloth of
gold is the finish for vest, collar and cuffa,cove
ered with white linen guipure. Straw or
stitched duck haés with a band of gold around
the crown and a stunning rosette of biack
velvet or white panne spotted with black,
are worn with these costumes. Something
very stunning too, is the bolero of gold cloth
partially, covered with appliqué designs in
white piqué, finished around theedges witha
fine cord, which may be in a color of your fancy.

The gold decoration inthe form of inch
wide galloon narrow braid and buttons, is
considered by some modistes as {n much bet-
er taste for summer gowns than the gold

Ree res

\

 

THE

velvet = give
the costume a striking effect. Black mus
lin ts used for a wide girdle with some of these
flannel gowns. It is draped around the figure
in soft folds, giving a very slender effect.
These dressy little costumes are called yacht-
ing suita, but their elegance implies a yacht
with all the luxuries of a palatial home. Mo-
hair made up more simply is very much liked
for the outing gown, and the navy blue serge
is always with us. One jaunty little coat of
this has a wide revers collar of pale blue linen
stitched around the edges, almost covered
by another collar of white silz spomed with
black, finished with a narrow ecalloped ap-
pliqué of lace, Icru linen batiste oollara,
tucked and finished with embroidery, are used
in the same manner, while piqué in both white
and beige color forms other collars on these
simple wool gowns.

White and colored piqué costumes, which are
such a feature of summer dress for morning
wear, are varied in every possible manner with
embroidery, stitched bands of linen or silk, and
gold braid, and are made up by the tailors in the
most approved fashion. But there are always
the piqué skirts to be found in the shops at a
reasonable price and they are prettily trimmed

 
   
  
 

low on the bust and a black

 

with insertions of embroidery in vertical lines
between the tucks or in rows running around
with generous spaces between. These skirts,
like those of wool, are tucked in vertical groups
or single lines and made with two small box
plaite at the back or gathered instead at this
point. The short bolero is the prettiest form
of jacket for the piqué gown, as it displays the
wide draped belt to perfection.

   

 

that any fiet decoration is better than aeees
and frillings which add to hs cope
But the preferable selection is the one pe Q
in long points that extend nearly, if not quite,

the waist line from a narrow round yoke of tuck=

 

ing. A light skirt is much more becoming than
a. dark one to wear with the light waist, while for
the black skirts there are the prettiest waists
imaginable made of black lace, with some white
in the finish, and waists of black organdie and
mousseline, which has a softer finish. The mus-
lin may be tucked between lines of white lace
insertion, or laid tn small box plait, with five at
the back and a group of fine tucks filling in the
spaces between back and front alike. This idea
carried out in French black taffeta is very pretty,
with @ narrow yoke of fine tucks edged around
swith a two-inch band of the taffeta cut in inverted
scallops on the upper edge and etitched around
on both edges with three rows of white silk, the
apace between being filled in with white silk
polka dota embroidered by hand. The most at-
tractive feature of this bodice for a stout woman
is that the b6x plaits extend up over this yoke to
the shoulders, giving a long line, the silk be-
tween being cut away where the yoke begins.

A band of gold cloth embroidered with white
silk is sometimes used on the black organdie and
silk bodices. It edges the fronts over a vest of
lace and is carried around the neck just below
the collar band.

One of the models shown in the illustration is
carried out in pale blue linen with white polka
dots. Shaped bands covered with stitching are
the finish with white linen appliqué embroidery

 

   

 

cloth. These are most effectively displayed
on the costumes of cream white serge made
with Eton and bolero jackets. One little
model in this material is shaped like a short
bolero in front, rounding up from the sides

 

 

over a linen vest which gives it an Eton
shape, and is striped around with gold braid.
Fine white flannel striped with a hair line
of color is a feature among the outing suite
and makes up very stylishly, with stitched bands
of silk matchingthe color. A wide band of
silk with inverted scallops cut in the upper
edge trims the kilted skirt at the hem, and
another mode is to have two narrower scal-
loped bands set on with a space between.
The little bolero is tucked, finished on the edge
with the silk, and decorated with blue enamel
or coral buttons to match the linen stripe,
This is worn with a pink or blue lawn blouse,

 

eh) ‘ vypMipw |

Vi Wras

While pretty things for young girls may be
the most attractive in the scheme of fashion,
matrons who have lost their girlish figures
require some attention, and very charming
both tn lines and effects are some of the thin
waists made especially forstoutwomen. White
and colored batistes are very much used, as
well as the new linens and ginghams in black
and white stripes. The latter in fine quality
makes up charmingly with a two-inch band of
white linen scalloped on one edge down either
side of the front, falling over a narrow vest of
tucked white lawn or Irish lace, which is not
considered a bit too elagant to be made up with
gingham. The special feature of the white
linen band, which ts fully two inches wide, is
the stitching done in black, covering it with

 

little diamond squares like quilting, and it may
be piped very narrowly with black onthe scal-
loped edge. If ashallow yoke of lace or tucking
is used the band outlines the bodice all around
below this. Make the sleeves with the stripes
running around and tuck them around in groups

A pretty white hatiste bodice has a chemisette
vest in V shape, finely tucked in vertical lines,
which extend un to the edge of the collar band.
This {9 a detail worth consideration, as the mn-
broken line of tucks gives the throat a slender
appearance
scallops forming the edges. is draped over the

| shoulders. meeting at the waist line back and

front and fulled a little at the shoulder line
This over the tucked front gives the long V ao
becoming to stout figures. The sleeves are
tucked in three groupe and gathered slightly
at the wrist into a narrow cuff of embroidery

with amall bishop sleeves gathered into atuoked | and tucks made with a little flaring finish to fall

and lace trimmed ouff. The-jacket has a bell |
the elbow, fo |

sleeve reaching a little below
that the blouse sleeve has the effect of an
undersiesve, A black velvet necktie knotted

over the hand

Empiecements of lace, which you see in such |
variety of shapes in the shops, are very pretty |

Hand embroidered batiste, the |

eee oa

 

om the bodice. The vest is fine white tucked
lawn and lace insertion. Stitched bands of silk
are the finish on another gown of mohair, trim-
med on the jacket with black velvet above the
stitched band which edges it all around. White
silk with black lines forming a check makes a
nice edge for this sort of bolero. Among mo-
hairs is the new mohair batiste, partially trans-
parent. It comes in hair line stripes of color,
in broad stripes of various colors and with polka
dota as well. A pretty model for linen on mo-
hair shows an Inserted band of white in the
skirt strapped across with black velvet, which
also decorates the collar. Gold braid ts used in
this way with very pretty effect. Cream white
serge is the material of the next model and gold
braid is the trimming. A pretty flowered mus-

lin shows accordion plaited flounces of plain
pink muslin trimmed with lace. Lace trims the
bodice and the undersleeve is of tucked pink lawn,
A pretty simple foulard shows rows of acal-
loped lace insertion. and a pink crépe de chine
gown ha» a decoration of lace through which
black velvet ribbon is run. Between the rows
of in-ertion on the skirt the material is tucked.
Lace trims the bodice anda soft fichu of cream
mousseline is draped around the shoulders,

FRILLS OF FASHION,

Some of the latest French hats are very simple
as to trimming, but elegant enough in shape
and quality of the straw. Narrow black velvet

! ribbon is sometimes run through the meshes

0. lace straw around the edge of a Spanish
wae and a soft crumpled knot of biack piece
velvet with a fancy pin is the only trimming.

Very small handkerchiefs, dantily embroid-
ered and trimmed with lace, are the fashion.

The elegance of the white lawn petticoat has

for the stout woman's bodice, on the principle go limit this season. It is trimmed with very

   
 
   
    
  

 
 
   
       
       
      
 
    
 
      
 
   
       
   
       
   
   
   
           
   
     
   

ESTABLISHED 38 YEARS.
LARGEST HAIR STORE IN THE WORLD.

HOW MANY LADIES

suffer discomfort and tneenesn ee t ee
8 . because of t
ummer season, be keep thelr halr prop-
erly and neatly
dressed and curled.
Our LATEST
SUMMER STYLES

In
Guaranteed natural-
ly curly, are light,
airy and becoming,
and when adjusted
with one of our
beautiful

WAVY SWITCHES

make 4 head dress that !s cool and comfortable

as well asin perfect style.

IF YOU MUST

WEAR A
why not get one of the kind we make? They
ann oe perfect even the most critical observer
cannot detect that you are wearing one. The
workmanship and material cannot be excelled.
We hare them for Ladies & Gentlemen.

BANGS, POMPADOURS & WAVES
in great veer, a. fostgas-tetienele,

HAIR TONICS, ROUGES, ETO.

BaAsat ne Facial Moseage and Steaming:
lair Dressing and Manicuring. Spectalfst
fet e scalp in attendance. Catalogue free.

54 W. 14th St., next to Macy’s, N.Y,

  
  

broidery and lace, is made to fit
ern the approved fashion and costs any-
where from $25 to $65.

Low-necked night gowns, made with a much-

 

bodice and a trimmed skirt at-
ie modes for summer wear.

ed lo
tached, are

A new silk, which is like quicksilver in ap-

tri

», has a red. It is plain, not fig-
Bred, and is uned f ‘or waista instead of taffeta.

 

Cashmeres in pretty light colors are embroid-
ered in amall rings of white silk, which give
them a new style.

Gold and silver ribbons, which are silk and
tinsel woven together, are a new fancy and a

y pretty one for belts and collar bands,
Ther tre a soft and pliable as if they were of
all silk.

A plain pale blue parasol is one of the Items
of a fashionable outfit this season, and a de-

tachable cover of fine white muslin tucked and
trimmed with Valenciennes lace transforms
it into a dressy one for afternoon.

 

Scarfs of Maltese and Brussels lace are very
much worn with the soft, finely-tucked silk

stocks. They are carried twice around the
neck and tied sailor fashion, bow on the bust.

 

A pretty idea for the finish of a pale pink
lawn gown is a 7-inch shaped ruffie, striped
up and down with black velvet baby ribbon,
set at intervals of one Inch. Each little band
{s finished withatiny loopandend. Theflounce
forms the finish at the hem of the skirt, and
the ruffles on the white or pink lawn underdress

serve to hold it out. A medium wide collar
of the white lawn, striped with black velvet,
and a black velvet belt are the special features
of the bodice, when the white flounce of the
skirt is striped vertically with lace insertion
in waved lines and a band of insertion heads
the flounce.

One-button kid gloves are worn with the new

sleeve, which has the dainty undersleeve banded
60 closely at the wrist that a longer glove {s
clumsy.

 

GOLFING TOGS.

Picturesque Featares Added by Fashion to
Costumes for the Links,

While there is not very much need of varia-
tion in the styles of golfing togs, the popu-
larity of the game, leading as it does in out-
door sports for women, makes the attempt to
originate new ideas inevitable. The changes
may be eo slight as to need a label to attract
your attention at all, but some Ititle difference
serves to add interest to the game as well as
to gratify woman's ambition for new clothes. ,

The golf hat of the season is a sensible im-
provement on those worn before, as it pro-
tecta the face to some extent. It is in rough
straw and of helmet shape, bound on the edge
with velvet and trimmed with a soft scarf
of silk twisted carefully around the wn.
Then there are the hats of stitched piqué to
wear with the white golf suits. These are
trimmed with the sllk scarf and feather pom-
pons. The bamboo hat ts the lightest and
consequently coolest variety, and very pretty
in its light cream tint. One point of fashion
in hats which must be observed is the ab-
sence of the stiff long quill so prominent last
season. This is said to be entirely out of fash-
fon, the silk scarf being quite sufficient, but
where other trimming is desired the pom-
pons or a rosette of ribbon is the thing.

Fashion has some advantages even in golf
suits, and the outfit at ita best is not so becom-
ing that any woman, however pretty, can af-
ford to ignore them. Athletic women who
love the sport for itself alone are inclined to
be very careless in their dress, thinking no
doubt that their skill offsets any deficiency in
jeter appearance, which is @ huge mistake.
The short skirt of last season was the first cause
of the lack of grace in this costume, but the
new edict calls for a length which reaches to
the top of the ankles, and is vastly more be-
coming than any skirt an inch shorter, Dou-
ble-faced tweed which is plaid one side and

lain on the other is the most popular ma-
erial for the golf skirt, and is finished with
stitching, and made with either a box plait
or an inverted plait in the centre of the back.
Gray, tan and brown are the leading colors,
and jackets of bright red or green are worn

Shirt watsts in red and pink nen or mer-
cerized piqué are a necessary part of the golf
outfit and are worn with white piqué and écru
linen skirts. Some striking color seems to
be necessary to a picturesque effect on the

olf links, and while there is an attempt to
ntroduce green, red and golf pink are the
favorites, the green forming no contrast in
the aneecape picture. A blue skirt with a
red linen shirt waist made with a white collar
and worn with a black tie and ared Tam
o'Shanter is a pretty costume for a young
slim girl, while an entire costume of red linen
worn with a black hat is a striking bit of color
against the green background. These linen
suits are ustally made with a blouse bodice

and a white linen collar finished with rows
of stitching and fastened with white pearl
buttons

The ideal golfing suit for a hot dav is a white

piqué skirt and either a colored or a white
shirt waist, worn with a necktie matching the
color of the scarf around the stitched white
duck hat and the stockings. As for shoes
a good shaped, well-fitted boot of kid or calf.
skin with low heels is the thing. The bulldog
toe is rather losing caste, as it gives the foot
a very clumay anperrance. The reversible
olf cape is another very necessary item in
his special department of vour wardrobe,
and ie at all times useful for travelling ;
The golfing jacket or waistenat is double
breasted, fastered with gilt buttons, is made
of wool and woven in a variety of desiens which
ave the appearance of being knitted. Ther
a variety, too, in the colors, and
@ jackets have silk sleeves ‘'~

and prompt attention

THB WIVES OF FARMERS.

Farm Slaves or Mistresges?— Partnerships With
Husbands Suggested.

From the Southern Farm Magazine.

The position of the farmer's wife, her trials
and the means by which her burdens may be
lightened are receiving much of the attention
which they deserve, They are discussed at
farmers’ meetings, and it is hoped that practi-
cal good may ultimately be accomplished.
Recently two papers on the subject have been
read by women. (ne was by Mrs. Lacy Cleaver
McElroy of Lebanon, Ky. She was talking to
the men. She described the visions of the wed-
ding day, with its glamour and brightness,and
then said:

“After that day of all comes the homemaking,
the nest-building, and, oh! how it absorbe the
farmer’s busy young wife, Unlike her city
sister under similar circumstances, she has no
constant stream of guests, full of interest and
suggestions for the new surroundings; her life
is necessarily gne of much loneliness, even her
husband being absent from day to dark But
she is happy as she works, For the first few
years there are gay little visits home and to
girlhood friends, there are guests to entertain
now and then, Sabbaths are always a4 pleasure
they give husband and wife so much of each
other's society—and churchgoing seems quite
&@ social dissipation.

“Thus time rolls on till the children come,
and as the mother’s cares increase the hopes
for the future are mingled with fears, interest
in outside things are lost, pleasures are dropped
one at a time, seeing which the husband be-
comes more and more absorbed in money-mak~
ing, until well-nigh all else is forgotten.

“At the first gray streak of dawn the wife's
pet rooster crows long and loud. He does it
on purpose to awaken her from her beauty sleep
and is always successful. She has obeyed
the summons 80 often that it has become second
nature, and before she realizes it she is out of
the warm blankets, nolselessly trembling in
her clothes, lest she awake the sleeping baby;
half clad, her cold fingers still fidgeting with
her brooch, she scampers to the kitchen. Once
there a nervous fear that breakfast may be late
seizes her, and she rushes about until it ts on
the table and the family seated, when she draws
her first long breath while the bleasing is being
asked) The breakfast bolted tn hot haste,
and the men off to work, she resumes her hurry,
scurries through the dishwashing and kitchen
work, hastens through bedmaking and house-
cleaning, skims over milk vessels, refrigera-
tors and churning, hurries to the garden for
vegetables, rushes through dinner, makes her
fingers fiy on the afternoon sewing and scour-
ing, 80 she may worry through supper at the
proper hour, to sink exhausted into a chair
at bedtime, too weary to speak or think.

“She has not only done the thousand and one

duties that fell to her lot that day, but she has
done them well, has slighted nothing, and before
falling asleep has thought in utter weariness,
‘Oh, if to-morrow might never come!’ But tt
does come, and it |s always just the same to-mor-
row, the same unceasing routine of labor and
rush. Day after day, year after year, nothing
but toil, toil, hurry, worry, rush; that is the
strange thing about it—-the eternal rush. Amid
the peace and quiet of the country, why not go
on peacefully and quietly doing one's duty as it
comes? There is but one solution to the prob-
om, sae ee o nee work caosees her ime,
and she is constantly trying to establieh some
tort of equilbenyp. What does the hard, bar-
ren existence yield in return for all her efforts?
Not happiness; one look in the face of the farm
woman of the dark side tells no. Not money:
certainly not. Though she is the hardest worker
on the place, this farmer's wife has no bank
account of her own. I will tell you what ahe
ets—her ‘vittles and clothes;’ that ‘yall, though
n nearly every case her husband {is well atle
to grant her reasonable wishes, and the poor
creature never has unreasonable ones.

“But, thank heaven, farmers’ wives do
not live like this; there is a bright side to this,
as to all pictures. Life on a farm ought to be
to a women the happlest, most care-free of
existences. What with poultry and bees, with
flowers and vegetables, she geta outdoor ex-
ercise sufficient to keep her young a long time
and her labors are all health-giving and pleas-
ant. Labor is a necessity and a of ever:
useful, happy life. Woman should share man’s
toil and hardships in the same proportion in
which she shares his joy and ease, and she
usually does it cheerfully. On a farm it has
been a woman's share of the duties to do the
housework and’ rear the children ever since
Eve gathered fig leaves for clothes and raised
Cain in the Sereen of Eden. Certainly work
must be done but let it be done cheerily and
bravely: do not make life a drudgery.

“In contrast to the farm slave as we have just
seen her, let us have the farm mistress, the
queen of the beautiful realm called home, one
whom the Maker, God, may look upon, as He
did at the first and say, ‘It {s very good,’ let
us learn to have our farmhouses homes, where
comfort and good cheer abound, where labor
is evenly distributed to all, and made a burden
to none, where there are books and magazines,
where time {s had for reading, music, prayer,
and all proper effort for higher, better things
of life, 80 .that we may grow morally and
intellectually as well as physically. These
things attained, and the much-vexed question
of how to keep the boys on the farm will be
answered once for all.”

Another paper was by Mrs, Arthur Grabowskil
before the Richmond County Agricultural So-
ogy at Augusta, Ga., who said:

“The bride, wooed with the ardor of youth-
ful affection, too. often becomes the household
drudge, the higher servant, bearing mort of
the burdens of the domestic economy and shar
ing scantily tn the results of the farm’s business,
A pathetic little incident illustrating this came
lately to my notice through the medium of one
of our city papers, The editor, present at a
bank on business, saw a farmer coming in
his hands full of the bills pafd to him for part
of the year’s cotton crop just sold. He was
accompanied by the patient wife, the result
of whose faithful domestic labor was part of
the money in the farmer's hand. Dressed tn
her best—and yet how shabbily!—with a little
one clinging to her, much in need of proper
clothing, the wife wistfullv looked at the money
being deposited, and finally touched the farm-
er's arm and plead for a small share of that
deposit. The farmer’s brow clouded at such
unlooked-for appeal, but being in good spirita
after the successful sale of hia crop, ha recog-
nized the occasion as meriting generosity
and, reaching into his pocket for a well-filled
purse, he fished out from {t the magnificent
coin of one-half dollar, and giving It to his wife,
wold Der go and Buy what ope wanted.

“By the natural ness of things the wor
of the farm has divided itaelf into the ore
larger operations and the work pertaining to
the homestead and its {mmediate surroundings
of the dairy, the poultry yard, the garden, 4c,
The former have fallen to the share of man,
the latter to theshareof woman, Is it not often
a fact that neers the whole proceeds of both
divisions of the farm go into the fleld opera-
tions, attempting to mexe possible a five-cent
cotton crop, or an equally unremunerative crop,
while the dairy, the poultry-vard, the garden
suffer the fate of everv quantity that haa to
yield a periodical nercen of reduction,
and has no equivalent or greater percentage
of increase? It is only a question of time when
the exhausted dairy. empty poultry yard and
neglected garden will be sad illustrations of
farming done without a just pronortioning
of the farm's resources to the farm's produc-
tive industries. Is {t the true position of the
farmer's wife to be the head of a part of farm
work that is to contribute to the farm's assets
but is to receive no help, no working capital
rot there ie truth tn what I

° ere is tru what T have heard those
say, better informed than TI, which meets me
as an old chestnut in the paners of the South.
that diversification of crons and the production
of everything the smaller industries are canable
of adding is needed for successfulSouthern farm-
ing then there should be placed for the nse of the
head of those industries, for the use of the wife,
sroportionate amounts of the proceeds of the

arm to carry on her work satisfactorily. The
same line of argument would point out the
good effect a more just apportionment of the
money earned on the farm to the domestic
economy would have

“How would our Southern farms improve
if the Southern women would but know that a
part of their true nosition on the farm {a to make
farm life beautiful! Can there, then, be a anes-
tion that the true position of woman on a farm
{fs yet among the problema of thefuture? When
the farm progresses to the position of a well-
ordered business, having ita debit and credit
account with each of its flelds and induatries:
when ita capital is fairly apportioned to the
different branches of work, and its receipts are
correspondingly divided: when the farmer ad-
mits the wife as his business nartner. entitled
to her just share of the profits of the farm
and when he remembers that ‘woman won
does not necessarily mean that neglect and in-
difference are as accentable to the wife aa ardor
and attention were to the sweetheart— when
the woman on the farm realizes that upon her
denend not onlv the enoking, the cara of the
children and other domestic duties, but that
everything that makes life on the fa pleas-
ant as far as neatness, taste and embellishment
can make it, are her especial charge, and that
she alao must remember in the hard-working,
aging hushand, the lover of her youth. then,
and only then, will woman's true position on
wa farm be reached, and the garden of Fden
will find again a place on the earth: a rural life
will become the envy of those bred and dwell-
ing in the confinements of city life.”

 

LADIES’ TAILORS.

We sponge, preas and rebind dress skirts with S. H,

e%, nds, facings, linings and ruffies renewed.

‘ork sent from Summer resorts will receive careful

Dry clegnsing and scouring.

OLUB SUIT TAILORING 0O,, 67 West 26a,
5

\

\

\

 

 

 

   

ASimonson

953 BROADWAY

e }
. es 2is1 a 22° STs,
NON Fe fie THE LEADING Housg
~ FoR

“yey

Ye

Wits

Having only the finest quaflty and the best worm
manship, combined with the most artistic designs ang
the unremitting attention given to the smallest deta
of every order, has made my establishment famouw
theoughout the land for the most beautify
COIFFURES, MARIE-A NTOINETTES,
CHIGNONS, WAVY-KNOTS, WIGS, TOUPEE,
and all the Jatest novelties in HAIR GOODS tap
pumeroua to mention in detail,

Hair Ornaments

of exquisite beauty in tortoise and amber shell, tags
and velvet bows, algrettes, &c.

SPECIAL LIQUIDS Nos. 1 and 2 are excellom
HAIR GROWERS and a cure against dandruff,

POUDRE VELOUTINE and FOUNTAIN op
BEAUTY guarantee a perfect transparent com
plexton.

NO BRANCHES. NO AGENTS

A. SIMONSON,

088 BROADWAY. 21ST AND 22D ST

BUMMAGE SALE FOR WELLESLEY,

Worcester Graduates Increase the
Endowment Fund by 61,000.

WELLESLEY, Mass., June 3-—-The Wellesley
alumnem soattered about the various parte of
New England have already exhausted the whole
catalogue of well-known entertainments in be
half of the Wellesley College endowment fund,
and are now bringing to bear on the problem of
getting new ones all the cleverness that they
learnedatcoliege. ‘Thelatest effort was made
by the Association of Alumnm of Worcester,
Mass. Ii ali the other entertalaments for the
game purpose could be as successful as this, the
college might well feel that its heart's desire
would be accomplished and that commence.
ment would see Wellesley with anfeundowment
fimd as an assured fact.

The Worcester graduates decided ona “Rume
mage Sale.” This decision was the first step
and by far the easiest. Next they literally rum-
maged the town from end toend, They began
at home and nothing escaped their eyes from
the remotest box in the garret to the darkest
corner in the callar, Afterward they ine
duced their friends to overhaul their houses
and begged them to be generous enough to
givethem everything they did not care for them
selves, Never did such a thorough house clean-
ing take place before {n Worcester. To the
over-conscientious housekeeper, burdened with
the accumulation of things useless to her, but
*too good to throw away,” this novel entertain-
ment was a perfect godsend. Other people
afflicted with a desire to keep things in a lesser
degree also found the plan excellent, and the
motley collection of articles that the young
women gathered together as a result of their

canvass was enough to make a junk dealer's
hairturn gray. They laid their hands on everye
thing from a sideboard to a keg of rusty nails,
What they did not have at the sale was not worth
mentioning in the dictionary.

The rummage sale itself was conducted on
most orderly prinesples, with due regard to the
fixed laws of barter and trade. One merchant
who had a store to rent on Main street offered
it to the young women free of charge during the
three days they needed it. decorator
offered to decorate it in his best style, and the
aluinne stocked the shelves with what they
had and acted the part of shop girls to the bes’
of their ability. ne of the important men o
the town took turn about as floorwalker with
another important man of the town, and alto-
gether the entertainment bad all the prestige
and éclat that dignity and learning could len dto
a commercial enterprise. The result was

ratifying. he poor Italians who frequent
Qrorcester in large numbers felt like children
with a new toy.

A few of them went to the sale and picked up
bargains. Then they told their friends, who
straightway went and did likewise, until the
store was full of them. They departed happy
and the over-conscientious housekeeper beame
with delight when she saw chimneypot hate
ten years old, collars rong past their prime, and
shoes in every stage of disrepair. change handa
for a few cents and Gleappear from view under
the arms of an Italian family.

The customers were not all from the poorer
classes; sometimes the patrons of the affair
also found themselves buying, and one lady who
obtained a bargain oil stove and gloried over her
purchase to a friend, felt somewhat chagrined
when she found she was talking to the donor
of the stove. With a few exceptions nothing
was sold for more than @ quarter or 60 cents.
The hardware department, the crockery core
ner, the millinery counter the tinware stall,
the gentleman's furnishing department, all took
in their money by driblets, but so extensive was
the stock in trade and so skilful the collegiate
ealesladies that the receipts were beyond
their wildest dreams. Psychologically, the
rearrangement of matter brought about by this
Tummage sale was a very interesting study—
the poor appearing in the outworn finery of
the rich, cooking their garlic in the onion kettles
of their superiors, treading in the shoes of their
employers. The shifting of objects useless
in one family to a position of honor in another
ia a phase worth considering. But what the
Wellesley girls cared about was not subtle analy-
sis or psychological investigation. The facts
about the rummage sale were enough for
them. They netted nearly $1,000 as the result
of their three days’ labor and the joy of handing
the sum over to the endowment fund treasurer.

College

 

NAMES OF WHITE HOUSE LADIFS,

Only a Single Mary Found Among the Wives
of the Presidents,

It ts an interesting study in nomenclature
to run over the names of the Presidenté
wives. There has been but one Mary—Mary
Todd Lincoln. There were two Marthas—
Martha Dandridge Washington and Martha
Wayles Jefferson; two Abigails—~Abigal) Pow-
ers Fillmore and Abigail Smith Adams An-
other maiden, possessed of the commonpic4
name of Smith, became the wife of a Presie
dent--Maraaret Smith, who married Zachary
Taylor. There were also two Elizas |)\7a
Kartwright Monroe and Eliza McCardle Jolne

60n.
"There was a second Todd—Dolly Todd Made

 

ison. After Dolly, which was perhaps [!4
most fanciful name, savoring more of a4 nick-
name, there were the two rather high-sound-

ing names, Letitia and Lucretia-- Letitia Clinise
tian Tyler and Lucretia Rudolph Garfelt
Julia Dent Grant, Lucy Webb Hayes and | ouis@
Catharine Adams had Christian names more
modern and less sedate than Jane Appleton
Pierce, Hannah Hoes Van Buren, Rachel Done
elson Jackson, Sarah Childress Polk and Anné
Symmes Harrison, Frances Folsom (levee
land, Caroline Scott Harrison and Ida Saxtoa
MeKinley are fargiliar to all

Impure Blood,
Pimples, Tetter,
Eczema and Acne

Are permanently cured by the greatest Dermatolog \st
thatever lived. John H. Woodbury has devoted 0
years of his life tothe treatment and cure of all affec-
tons of the skin, scalp and complexion. No malver
what alls your skin, he can eure it
biemisnes you have, they can all be removes
and without pain. If your hair Is
coming out ft can be stopped, or if
ou have hair where itis not wanter — ,
t can be removed. are instrument, |
medicine and appliance for the treat
Ment of the skin is here, and thor as
experienced physictans to | Ge
use them. Consultation ts free. Call ay
or address JOHN H. WOODBURY,

26 West 24d st, N.Y “

MME. GARDNER.

Latest French Hygienic Corset,
MADF TO ORDER ONLY.
Gives the extreme straight front and low bust and
does not increase the waist measurements,
Our goods are universally admitted to be of om
perior style. fit, finishand pnremanebip
PERF :D

 

No matter what

1 forever

 
  

oughly

ECT FIT GUARANTE.
52 WEST @21sT sr.

ZELLER,
LADIES’ TAILOR,
12-24 West 27th St., Near

Taller Made Suits to

‘wage