ween EA .
7 ' " ais : Woo a eee. r

; s 2 ° . . a4 “~@ \ " "I
1900. ' “4 4
are falling back, all of them—all but

ste, WHY HAIR COMES OUT. |nareeezts trees. f»,t%.2| COMPLAINT OF THE WIVES.

“It's no use,” said Dobley, sadly. “This isn't by the patient pinching, up the scalp be-
1

hn “THE SUN, SUNDAY, JUNE ‘8,

   

    
 

     

  

      

 

 

 

setae porate
by the 7

 

 

19 'EN
surared‘ study | DOBLEY'S ENTICING
; on her hands whg neither reads nor al nor
OR GIRLS DISCUSS A WIDB- | sews, nor embroiders and whotakes hoparticu: | 27 LED HIM TO BRT ON A suRE
FAD MALE NUISANCE, jer. interest ja anything but te copeidion of THING AT THE RACES.
iio er pall.
she me é6e boy ps to kill time with his
prattle and by the time °: grows up, generally
himself a and Got Odds of Twenty to One—Mrs.

renee

DREAM.

 

  

 

        

innocuous all

 

rit EVER-CALLING MAN. |

 

 

 

our day!" tween the ends of the extend ngers of both
is A CLINICAL STUDY OF THREE HUN¢ | hands for five minutes night and morning. Mas- | FAMILY TROUBLES THAT GET InTO
ru

, s sage must not be used until the dan
DRED PRIVATE CASES. py bt CES |

y rpg To State It clearly, my treatment for the ordi- | w : A
Some Inferences Drawn From Them—Bald- | pary case of loss of hair with dandruff is as fol- Women Who Havo Real Grievances Against "4
ness More Frequent Among Men Than (ows: I first attend to the general condition of Their Husbands and Others Who Seek te
Women- Intellectual Indoor Work Tends te | the patient. The patient is given one of the sul- Gratify Splte—A Bride's Story of Desere
phur preparations and is directed to use it once tien — The Divorced Wite's Vengeance,
a day for three days, and then to wash the hair ae ;
and scalp. Immediately after the hair is dried Will married people never get along to
me catmess is again applied and repeated ny gether?” said the Magistrate with a sigh as i
other day for ten days. The scalp is again " :
washed and the ointment continued twice or he leaned back in bls chair and looked with @ ‘
three times a week until the dandruff is con- | Telief at the empty police court. “Do ¥
trolled, the washing being repeated from time | know,” he continued, “I believe that at
to time. When the scalp is in good condition | g quarter of the cases which come here result

massage is ordered. If the patient will not use an
oinunentl order a lotion of resorcin, at first 3 from some trouble between man and wife?

and afterward Seand 10 per cent. straight, tobe | It really seems as if a great many of these ped»
used morning and night. If the sulphur is used | pel made a big mistake when they married,”
in the form of what my druggist calls “sulphur It wi Mond ; }

cream” it is not at all objectionable, and being t was a Monday morning ~or rather @ Mone

used but twice a week or so, itis not so much | day noon, During the morning the court
trouble as it p00, use iene ge oe wants room had contained more than the usual crowds é
case of loss of Da Fi 0 any ap i .

with the scalp I rely mostly upon massage, Us- of people, Many of them had come early and
ing the sulpbur preparation occasionally to keep | stayed until ordered out. They were all women
the scalp a little oily. ’

The Abd Lo when calvities ip alrendy | . ”~ benches . one or of the aisle, A —
present. A bad family history as to the hair is |} them were well dressed, nany were respec
a bad element in prognosis. The longer the ably dressed, but most of them were rather
nr has ante the worse is the prognoses. dirty. Some of them had brought children

tis less easy to help aman win a Woman. ” t
best prognosis is founded upon the patient being with them, Around one big Irish womag
a woman without the history of baldness on the | Were two small children who played om
maternal side, the loss of hair not being of long | the door in an unconcerned manner while @ 4
standing. baby was dandled in the lap of its mother,
who tried her best to keep it from erying. The
big policeman in the aisle had his eye on her, 7

“If you can't keep that baby quiet, lady,® a
he had said on two occasions, “you'll have te
go outside.” 4

After each warning the big woman had ,

cHEL “Wish that he wins and I'll give you half if
2 1 is THE POLICE coURTS. , A

SPR he does,” cried Mrs. Dobley, excitedly. “He's

next to first now!”

 

Dobley took the glass lazily and looked through

 

" His Ways and Als Marks
ronic Caller Called in Freshington'’s Expert Judgment eee et Tit lean aka tare for tae home

h
The oh Club Votes That He Is a Social | spoiled, he wakes up ¢ finda
Degenerate—Process of Re- | caller. dan he ou’ an evening route.” Dobley Gets One Hundred to One and Does

Experiences With the Spectes, 1 ae le an interesting experiment last win- Her Betting Strictly According to Form,

ter, the President, “in order to disoover

vg of the fall meetings of the | just how fixed was the oalling habit. _1 planned “Tl had a remarkable dream last night,” said
pachelor Girls'( onfession Cluba secret session Over Bubday tripe tay Winter monte can etka? Mr. Dobley to his wife. “It was the most bean-
f id at which sealed envelopes were dis- | projects that would have been delightful ‘t tiful dreain I ever had in my life, Usually
the members. Each of these en- | entered into by parties of a dozen or more. Je dream foolish things orelse have dreadful
newritten slip. that | The girls were always enthusiastic; other men 1 edhe i y
gelop contained a& typewr p not of the brotherhood of callers, seemed to nightmares in which they —— male
aid r card ites @ rivilege to be Invited, but the | tain tops or have other unple ; it experiencers,
ce mombers ofthe clubare requested during the were ail ple to some of the bril- | But this dream was such a perfect poem that I
wane w! a season to observe carefully, study and lant Sunctions that they attended when they | dictated it to the typewtiter and sent a copy
experimen

ebronic aller of Ot hiect of our Investigation Is to | fulness.’ { I thought tl
are all familiar aa anne questions: . “Despite his restfulness in such matters,” cording to his —, en a

geitie the following often discus : said the newspaper girl, “a restfulneas that | be something in mine,

Dane the enol oa oa es ae # fen. | amounts almost to @ coma, the man addicted | “What was it all about?” asked Mrs. Dobley,

for the society of the @lr ” n aculty for smashing things, i . y y itte
ee a place else to go? such as bric-A-brac and furniture. e buens curiously, Dobley took — ee re eee

holes in the tablecloth and breaks the best tea | his pocket and began to read:

oups. He trips on the dresses and tears them, “{ dreamed that I was walking through a
In spite of his marked predilection for home | beautiful rose garden, There were hundreds

stretch
Tramp and a “Well, I'll be blessed, he said. “That old

) forming Him Loss of Hair—Heredity Has Much to Do

With It—The Treatment Suggested.
From the Medical Record
(The following Is part ofa read by Dr' G. J.
e follo 1g Is p 0 poe y i

amused at the excitement he was creating. Jackson before the * merlaan Dermatological Assy
Mr. Dobley had no money left to bet on any | ciation on May 1, 190)j
of the other races, and Mra, Dobley refused to

mule is abead!”
“Willhe win? Will he win?” said Mrs. Dobley,

the beginnlt

   

clutching Dobdley’s arm.
And just then James renver ran in jauntily
was b and easily, whisking his tail slightly as though

tributed t?

 

\
lend him any on the ground that gambling was In 1892 the subject of loss of Yair was Oe-
cussed by this association, following the read-

ing of a paper upon the subject y Dr, George
T. Elliot. In 1803 1 published in the American
Medical and Surgical Bulletin a clinical study
of one hundred private cases of loss of hair
Both Dr. Elliot and I maintained the same
proposition, namely, that a disease of the scalp
variously called seborrhea, pityriasis, dandruff
seborrhoal eczema, or dermatitis, was the cause
of agreat majority of the cases. Inthe present
study I have not endeavored to touch upon
any pathological or bacteriological question,
but have simply tried to find out what my clin-
ical experience teaches. | have chosen the
term loss of hair rather than alopecia so that
it would be readily understood that baldness

was not present in every case. Most of the
patients Who consult us are losing theft hair,
and have not lost it.

Of the 300 cases cases a study of which forma
the basis of this paper, 158 occurred in men and
142 iu women,

Occupations—-of the men: Actor, 2; architect, 3;

wicked,
Going home they met Freshington {n the

weren't boring me or some other gi ; , parlor car, He looked crest-fallen,
swith that species of male known as the | they will not codperate in any than thas ronu rea to Freshington. Freshington, you, know, be-

+ fireside companion with which we | mental exertion or any thing but passive rest- | lieves in dreams. He buvs and sells stocks ac-

“As a wizard, Mr. Freshington,” said Dobley,
seathingly, “you are a flat failure!”

“TIL tell you how it is, old man,” said Fresh-
ington: “when I read over that dream of yours
a few moments ago | came across the violet
roses, | hadn't noticed them at first, Violet
roses are a sure hoodoo in a dream. When you

wine de dream of ‘em, you should stay quietly at home

because there isn

nd engage in no large speculations of any sort.
Is (pa habitor does itindicate @ love for home— t :

didn't think of it till afterward.”

other people's homes? *There,” said Mrs. Dobley, triumphantly, “I
Should the ehronte caller be tolerated or discour- life, he seems more accustomed to living in a | of roses of all sorts climbing over trellis-work
, cave than in an ordinary home. He carries de- { arbors all in bloom, red an white and yellow

struction with him. He apologives for smash- | and violet--—"

ne danel ing a carafe or a crown Derby cup with an airy “Violet roses!” exclaimed Mra. Doblev, “It

@innerman, the corner man and the dancing man / excuse. This trait is distinctively that of the | must have been the cold. soft-shell crabs with

@ho arralways popular aod who never call except calling man. Other men do no it.” tartare sauce that did it!”

knew it was all the cold soft-shell crabs!”
“But just the same,” said Dobley, “Ariel was
a apeedy horse,”

aged? '
“Ariel,” said Mr. Freshington, solemnly, “was

How ts tt thatthe chronle caller differs from the

a bird,’
“But James Pepper,” said Mra. Dobley, “was
A race horse.”

, ; e \ ty possess it.
tited or when they ask permission Is it possible,” said the typewriter girl, “If [ thought that,” said Dobley, “I'd have
THE GRAND MANNER.

: eS “to reform the chronic caller? 9 yr supper! f was gatheri
n? Should he be dropped out? "I dou't think so." said the fluffy girl. “I jhoms orery ee mg AF, fo wna
tors for discussion--Distinguishing tratts of | have tried to reform him by gentle discourage- | but the supply seemed inexhaustible and the
of tne chronic caller; wear and tear on furniture pro- | ment, such as being out six times in succession; | garden an endless maze. I seemed perfectly
duced by his continuous visits but he has gutta percha sensibilities and cannot | happy. Nota care or a cloud of any sort op-
y e~-individual observation, be crushed. ‘The chronio caller would have to | preased me-——”
Remarks In be made over to get interests and ambitions “Was T'there?” asked Mrs. Dobley.

“Did vou have him?” asked Freshington.
“How on earth did you pick him ent?”
“Mrs. Dobley,” said that lady's husband,

 

It Has Passed Away, but With It Has Gone
Mach That Was Admirable.

From the Spectato#.

 

“plays on form strictly.”

 

GASTRONOMIC NOTES.

 

 

Remedy, ifany that would limit his calls to the usual rate. “No, you didn’t seem to be in it at all,” said \ P . banker, 1; bookkeeper, J; bookbinder, 3; broker, 0; The grand manner has gone from the world,
Inthe spring the members will discuss tn secret Men with a purpose or with business interests - Doble in an apologetic tone, “I was Americans who may f° to the French Expo- | buteber, 2; clergyman, 2; clerk, 20; commerctal tray- | ang he cage seems little put out at its depart- dandied the baby all the harder and had at the
iLits branches, the mat- | @fe apt to regard calling as a nuisance. ‘The d th d aftiiations of any sort with | Sitien and have soine | nowledge of cookery | eller, 1; dentist, 2; electrictan, 1; engraver, 2; farmer,

gassion the above eubject In ail Kis Desmenes, ordinary rounds of sovial life or of business | the ¥ orld Lt iaht have been @ spirit ex t | Will have the opportunity to study the culinary | 2; grocer, 1; gymnast, 1; hotelkeeper, 1 lawyer, 8: | ure, Time was when it was the token at once | S4me time pulled out a cracker for the two
POG a see D Sept | art as it is practised by the most noted pro- lecturer, 1; iibrarian,, }; manufacturer 2; mechable | of breeding and education, Scholarship un- youngsters to munch. q
, ; merehan +; musiclan, 1; ysiclan » printer pares ; " 3
serignation to take effect at once isiting. The caller always has time to k Sow buriows!? sald Mra. Dobley. “Go on.” 1; prudent, a seit, a teaeper, 4; te eerapher, bi adorned with it was held up to scorn as naked — = = . ones Aving’ — ‘
5! ¢ 4 A q J * . " c walter, 1; nots . . QO e women: riist, 2 ° . , n ack, Who Ke glancin midly from ue
SECRETARY B.G, ©. CLUB People with {nterests in life know that the time | “Suddenly, as I went further into the grove o cones eee oer. {Sia catepiianes 8 serie"); domestic. 1'dressmaker, 1; glover, 1; house- | Dedantry: manners with no touch of the grand ee ae ee ice y and oa
t 8 all too short. The girl who encourages the | blooming vines, I came upon & beautiful gir! pubilo, ike dais of copkeey e ¢ 4 18 | Keeper, 56; musician, 2; nurse, 3; physician, 1; proot- air could not pass muster in polite circles; lit- a I'd "
The first meeting in June had been chosen for | chronic caller in his assassination of time {3 @| sleeping in a bower of roses. She was sur- ye ery are carried on | seqder, 1; reporter, 1; student, 1; teacher, 4; unstated, | erature saw in it the sum and substance of its | Magistrate. e

under the supervision or are actually performed

by mastersof the art. What will excite the

greater surprise among § Americans familiar

with the organization of our large kitchens,

will be the primitive appliances employed by the

French eaperte They will note the total ab-
ie)

The little woman in black had been there seve
eral times before. Her husband drank—that
explained in a word the whole trouble that she
had. Her husband was an electrician who
possessed talent and used it when he was

being. It did duty for a whole lexicon of quali-
tles, but its outward aspect was unmistakable,
depending upon a very simple theory of s0-
ciety and human life. There are two classes of

67,

Age at beginning: From ten to twenty years, 27
men and 24 women, or 5) in all. From twenty to
thirty poate, #7 men and 50 women, or 147 In all.
From thirty to forty years, 3) men and 36 women, or

7 in all. From forty to fifty years, 3 men and 17

the discussion of the subject and there was bargelpang 'n mus orime.” a pas y beautiful. Golden curls shaded a
7 an to think over this subject. that was si fect in its bly
a full aud eager attendance. Some of the eid the medical seudent, opening the volume Teco the aiae Simple perrock, Bite ou perbly
members were provided with copious notes | of Lombroso, “I said to myself; ‘There {s no | gracefully beneath her head and she slept as

Others had exhibits in | 6vil in life without a remedy. The only evil | peacefully as a child. Suddenly! heard soft

id memorandums. : ,
and m for which we have not yet discove' the cure | musio around me, and as though commanded

a

 

the way of correspondence and photographs | jg inborn degeneracy. Is the chronic caller a | by some unseen force I pl sence of labor-saving machinery, and find that | Women, or 20 to all. Over fifty years, 19 women, ;
| ' placed the roses [ had —s 2 or aS ; , . : , , men, it held—those who attain and those who
marked in red ink to indicate features suggest- degenerate? gathered beside the sleeping goddess.” se range s lp which charcoal is the fuel em- ae cave I tae ean on whe nest latgest fail. Tt te for the letter to strugale aad come sober. He had made two or three valuable
vy degeneracy, ‘The medical student had a thrill of interest went through the meet- | “tow was she dressed?” asked Mrs. Dobley, yed, are of the same pattern as thore in tse se “ear. ' ic ived

ing degeneracy, 19 medical student ha ; ; y ‘or the past hundred years or mor Theresulty | #88 18 in the twenty second year. It ts notable that | 5), 4 st ks of the conflict; but f inventions from which he derived a rather good
copy of Lambroso and the fufty girl brought ® ng nae Seay gel opnet eR euekh es “the nite’ Ath vaen Gat ae garment of nm accomplished with such primitive anniiancen wilt 12 cases began under sixteen years of age. a on — Sage s of the conflict, but for | ineame, Formerly ho had steady employment,
eps nite oe : ee ° : white with goiden embroidery upon it. Tt was : no " . the formor it is the fi-t duly to preserve an un- ) .
handbag full of photographs and later in the | many degenerates she numbered among her ac- | |'ke a drapery of the Orient. Suddenly she thata nr widindsot devices ueb ae tare ie tenet gh diatalniieiennen tO an slegant composure, an aristo- ana ‘arin Chad Host Fan deal “tor hime Me

rt ' 1 Ces ° coun Sf ’ 0 ’ , '. ‘ Ny
evening received honorable mention for hav- | Gualntances if this theory were true gave | awoke, looked up startled at first, then sho | our titchons are indispensable fo. gucceseful | It would seem at first alance that loss of hair | cratic nonchalance. A vai is iore than his a ee tin wito,_, ne hae bees noowey 4

eee : : wo or three times, e firs

a her_a mental chill. smiled trustingly. ‘Do not fear, fair maid,’
Ing secured mora specimens of the chronto “I will ask the favor, "said the medical student, sald, speaking as though I were a onenat te
caller then any other member. “of having the fluffy girl pass around the | aplay, ‘Who art thou?’
lhe President tapped for order with a golf | maanificent collection of photos which ie fear nothing,’ she said proudly, "Dost
nck. the Janitor having borrowed the official | fh6 has brouans in her valiee, each member | know who I am’
a w Janitor h to be provided with several. I will then read “'T dost not,’ [ aatd, ‘but I wouldst.’
tack hammer some information which I have gathered ‘Lam Ariel,’ she said, with @ fascinating
Cur meeting of this evening,” she said, “ia | from this volume. Observe the heads of the | amile. Just then I woke up. Now, what do
chronic callers pictured and mark the resems | you think of tat for a dream?”

was more © i 3
150 is . ener eee ieee oe proportion work, especially if that man be @ gentleman. | brought to court he promised to do better
Therefore, let him describe himself by no nar- | his wife believed him and the Magistrate

is not altogether correct, because it is well : ‘ ich a
) , Ff Oo ' him go. The second tig he had been pu 3
Such pone than ds meas - heed of hair | row profession, but shine In twenty spheres all Pecause he Cede furnish bonds, by ;

mbch more than do men. They will do every- | vith a fine neglect of each, It 1s for the great | his wife had begged !:im off ugain at the en

cookery. They will see no iron, steel, nickel or

 

enamelled cooking utensils. Nothing but cop-
perisused. The reason why the French cling
80 tenaciously to this metal in cooking is that @
copper pan imparts to a sauce a sharp-
thing in their power to save their hair. Men
either regard the loss of their hair as inevitable,
or will not take the time or trouble even to try | the scholar a man of fashion. To specialize is

nesa and flavor that cannot be obtained i
through the use of one made of any other lawyer to be a wit, the wit to be a statesman, S Vite: teesan who ned carton eee 4

materi § This can easily be tested by any on him had him in the prisoners’ pen.

   
   
  
   
 

one whose details we must guard carefully | blances “E thi - one who will prepare & sauce made of | to save thelr hair. It {s therefore probable ; }
a8. was . ; se 0 y : " amina’
fron all publicity. Our observations have “This may be dona,” said the President, sans, Beier. ee en Prone pa one 4 aaa te tas kee a bok a des uaah a ton aot ton ah, ba re Mi fhe policeman on the ‘brid a
yp pe ‘, ) )

at no one who recog- “Foolish!” sald Mr. Dobley indignantly, “It
ns will signify the | was lGyUlo. It was an allegory, if I could only
it might be well to | read it correctly. Freshington will probably

been made under peculiar circumstances at Mt = the up preeaneny
our own flresides and radiators, we may say, 9 TY the saree
and the unconscious specimens that we have | make mental photoar. of each so that | make some big deal and corner the market on
analyzed must be regarded with all the deli- } the corvale callers ery ned on the strength o tas dream.” siied

» sureec words tc ‘vad ab. | Member's comprehens: 0 « Just then a telegram was han o Mr
cacy the surgeon accords to the etherized sub identified in the tuture if encountered. Dobley. He read it aloud: eth
fect under his knife. Many of the species of The pictures were passed and the medical “Horse named Ariel in first race to-day.
the chronic caller are known to us generally; | Student began to speak. “By a careful an- | Nothing can beat him. Sureto win. Keep it

alysis,” she said, have summed up 8o0meé | quiet. FRESHINGTON.”

Academy of Cookery of the idea that the best re-
sults may be obtained only through the em-

We now 2» a WwW 'e
8 come to the question: What influ they will study to amuse, And so came that suaded to let him off at the end of @ week or a
ployment of charcoal. Applying their own ’

ence does occupation have in causing loss of month: he would teach the man a@ lesson

° , ” . . » y n -
hair? My statistics show a great variety of | social finesse which our great-grandmothers was ail sald and done in & minute, Brown
t

for that reason all personal descriptions, names | of tha degenerate li . " “ . economic theories in regard to the application of | occupations among tho h ] thel

peculiarities of the chronto There!" said Dobley, “I told you he'd find eG tO 108 ieee pes 1ong those who are losing thelr | adored, those bowings and smirkings which | ghuMfed back h the d t led to
nd identifying de st be rigidly ase .° } : , , ’ heat in cookery, itis surprising that they have no | hair. Two facts come out prominently, namely; ’ shuMed back through the door that some
and identifying data must be rigidly eschewed caller or freside companion, as follows something in that dream. I'll take his advice | not substituted gas for charcoal. : A caen (ik (1) The areat malority or ae ateatE lead their grandchildren scoffed at and the whole already familiar bolts and bars.

‘ “Anybody else want to see the Judge?” asked j
pleasing science of the beau monde. The the policeman on the bridge in = ne. 5

doctrine was both a theory of human conduct A soore of men and women got yp in answer
osure.

and a@ social law, preaching at once the arts of | and started for the gate of the enc! \
\ . “Women first there,” shouted the policeman,
success and amusement; and the*grand man- | «+. hon first, Find seata there, you.” s

ner"became the fine flower of accomplished The long line of women who wanted relief ;
eentlity. pled in. The first one in line w

“How do you spell that last word, please?” “Fars, either decidedly ingrowing or else | and put a emall bet on Ariel Just for fun. It
flapping d crimped on the outer ed was a lucky dream and it would be throwing

ges. indoor lives. The 67 women put down as hay-
ray, in clumps, never evenly dis | away luck to neglect it. It will be like gettin

ing no occupation belong to the leisure clase
of unmarried women and are housed most of the
time. (2) Nearly all of my patlents belong
to the intellectual class. |That.18 2-3 per cent.
of them are physicians does not n y
mean that physicians are specially prone to

American cooking ranges is an ideal fuel. It
must be more economical than charcoal, for,
80 soon as a viand is boiled, roasted, fried or
broiled, the fire is Instantly extinguished; where-
asoneof charcoal must burn until a_ certain
quantity is consumed. It may be that the price
of gas !n Paris is so excessive as to preclude tts

a@ked the fluffy girl air

Er-e -s hos that {s -e-er—we may use | tributed, Often prematurely bald. money in a letter. Meet me at the office a
the word ‘avoided,’ " said the President, col- teats Canes waren ana fw 4 noon and I'l ‘eke you, ova to the be ee

oT el her, ey _ ; “I've never ev po dreams,” said Mra.

oring slightly 1 will now ask the medical | gpection will prove that the eyes are not mates.” | Hobley, “and you know the old saying is that

@tudent for a few remarks.” The girls examining the pictures gave eX- | they always go by contraries. So the dream | jaa there in cooking: but aa we apply it {t has | loss of hair any more than because 18 2-3 per

not getting the right support. e
leisure, culture and all the good things of life poor conten @ fd waabing {oF

one
who *
were confined to *; class, ond, It drooped and | and what gould she oF Last night ike ad y
ithered at the advent of democracy, Our | come ged a plate at her and she w ;
modern seriousness and our modern businesss | good tt dodging crockery, anyway, the said. fi
ke alr killed it, and they chose the cruelest of | a8 she exhibited a cut on her forehead, é
weapons, It might have survived frank Opp. “He done that, Judge, she said. Can't ye P
sition, it could not endure being made to look | give mes warrant for my man 5
ridiculous. Thee people asked awkward ques- “Can't glve you @ warrant, madam,” ex»
tions. Were not these often elderly, and gen- tained the Magistrate with the eregtect ouaye
erally erudite, butterfiles an anachronism, | ity. “but I'll give you asummons Give te

‘ L confess,” said the medical student,"that | clamations of satisfaction as they discovered | was so beautiful that perha it may signify | completely solved t rob} » f rish woman with the children and .
while I can discuss the subject from a theoretioal the sy gy ‘to be indented and the bat intend to, nd of wood cs at all events,” lara eal seal, et th moat economical ape gecupation eolaly tea to osm of Rai, nd oven toc na ste ana inne trates pn 7 Milt’ her husband, he {Neen
point of view I cannot speak from any protracted | general appearance of the face might be called | said Mr. Dobley, “and it will be a pleasant plication of heat {n all cullnary processes fet act arb the Sheet eae 4 vival. It belonged to an age when wealth, | d now for two weeks. ig ildrem {
7 w
a

experience regarding the inveterate caller, You good ooking, except by es careful observer | outing.’
aee, I lived in the hospital for some time after ape Wy 2 ee be nite are ©. disposition Mrs Dobley wes punctual and was in her
my graduation and had a den fitted up off the | to tell hard luck stories. Immense losses Phe aay "an vortech, ant’ palletes a
dissecting room. One of the first specimens | at roulette or at the races are of - h gamer’ how the races were won as they went down.
of the chronic caller that I encountered in- CopUurrence with men eves oparene fy ilve | Mrs. Dobley Was green on the subject of horse-
sisted on calling there, although I exglained | and try his ae eine : ee the qualities thas cated baved taal the thee
that I was always at work. Hecame oneeven- | Wall Street sen m calling with renew \ ( *
It activity. Other wen would commit suicide goed pedigrees and the rules governing
ave t ues, but he keeps “That's funny,” she said. “Here is a horse

that their work {s never done and in that worry
and nerve strain are constant elements, If
we add together the actors, architects, bankers,
brokers, housekeepers, lawyers, manufacturers,
merchants, nurses, physicians, students, teach-
ers and telegraphers, all of which oan fairly
be regarded as oocupations in which es ee
ments of worry and nerve strain enter largely,
we have 155, or more than one-half of our cases

Forelgn makers of cheeses pecullar to certain
localities and heretofore supposed to owe
their merit to certain qualities of the soll upon
which the animals whose milk was used were
pastured, and to epecie) processes of manufac-
ture. are greatiy disturbed by the com-

tition that they are called upon to meet

om Ameri¢ans and Canadians, who are in-
vading their marketa with imitations of their
procerte. The latest note of alarm comes
¢

{ne and found me boiling a new skull, or stay home and subject to these influences. It may, wee, pe
%,

om England in regard to the counterfeit- | fairly {nferred that an intellectual, indoor

was a fresh skull and you have to boil ‘em |] on calling. named J P We had d
; “Another type is the man whose winnings n ames Pepper. ® had @ gardener | ing of Stilton cheese, which, heretofore, has | specially when coupled with worr and nerve | wanting in earnestness, in purpose, ina philoso- | him and come here to-morrow mom
* are always cormous, The caller {a an ex- named James Pepper when I was a child. been supposed to be out of the reach of suc- | strain, a redisposing, if not a determining d

“Order! Order!” said the President, rapping fremist and knows no half measures. The “Was he fast?” asked Dobley, anxiously.

sharply on the tale to avell a murmur that | winner wine ererything AL ahuMlcoard | whieryall ound isch fem ear tent” rne
irred elub @ hun: n variably; “That? a S ;
tle never called nenin. “went on the medical iizefiaht tas place v invariably picks aameatse hoodoo,” said Dobley. “He hasn't
udent, “and the fac 1a s always fool- 1¢ winning man: @ engages in a jumpin d :

ng with bones evenings or preserving cats in | contest at_a riding club, he beats “he do ing tn tneteet ra just reached the grand stand

cause of baldness.

Without doubt my statistics show that the
majority of the cases of loss of hair begin before
the thirtieth eer of age, OB percent. Further,
more casea beain in the decade between the
twentieth and thirtieth years than in any other
decade, the largest number in any one year
being in the twenty-sixth year, It would
seem, then, that if one passes the thirtieth year
of age without showing signe of hncipsent bald-

cessful imitation, Unfortunately for these
foreign cheese makers, the discoveries in re-
qe to the power of bacilli to impart specifio
avors to butter and cheese have destroyed
their exclusive control of special dairy pro-
ducts, Stilton cheese, whose original home
{s in Leicestershire, England, has always en-
jored a great reputation, which has been en-

hy fe? Even its practical side was denied | at 9 o'clock, There, that’s all. Go o to A
RY Sr cclalists came S look askance at the | clerk and t tell him your husband's name.’ A
scholar who professed to be a man of the world; The big woman gath up her | a
constituencies suspected a politician with a | who had been trying to shin up the on i,
taste for letters, and attorneys jibed at the | the bridge. and Sepositing the
lawyer who had the dangerous trick of style. rarily on the clerk's ¢ doake he br

The populace lost its admiration for the fine | summons. That didn't take long. el
gentleman, and the capitalist, in seeking to the clerk wasn’t in a humor to | to
copy his ways, corrupted the model, Lace and | of woe all over again and soon shut

taph ly , for | woman's talk.
procede vere 7s a reer! esyhangee a The next in the line was a young negro

cooked complacently on the change and com- | her husband was a whitewasher and 4g

 
  
  
 
 

   
 
 
  

oy to hurry away to place
*

alcohol rather discouraged any chronic caller | in sight. You wonder naturally why he doesn't | a pet on Ariel. He plunged heavily aud camo

who dropped in. But from outside sources I | purchase a steam pennt or a stable of horses | pack radiant

pare, leatoee _many interesting phom Feoete nd get interested {n something besides calling, “Twenty te one,” he said. "I was forty to
spec a fact is seA- r —' Y y ‘ | ;

ng the specie ne fa , that at this sea ut it's no use—'Men may come and men may | one five minutes ago. but there’s a quiet tip

1anced very much by the mystery that en-

shrouded {its methods of manufacture, Of kintoshes, an

roadelot an mac

ter{n hand not to be discussed outside Any sueB | lite make too many calls on a man’s time to | that I distin i
r ctly remember that I wore a white | foc; eer ce Se
discussion outside will be regarded as equivalent toa nit of his dawdling away valuable hours | duck suit, with a pith helmet and russet ahoos. ° yp of uke eaoet lature

    
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  

comes to us in an over-ripa condition. Then
again, in England no certain test of the acid-
ity of the curd is employed; it Is left to the Judg-
ment of {ndividnal makers. Therefore, thera
{s great lack of uniformity {n the quality of
their output. With us the test for acidity Is a
scientific one; so that there is little or no varia-
tion of quality. The process of making Stil-
ton cheese {s not a very eimple one. The lia-
bility to farmentation and bursting !s greater
than tn other kinds on pecount of the dif-
ficulty of expelling the whey from the curd
containing butter, which is caused by adding
the cream of the evening’s milk to the new
milk of the next morning. Another thin,

necessary to know {s how to rennet the mil

properly and how to,get the correct amount

of they when the buds nt yer,” rstery the ’ ‘ ° ¢ 3 for
4 trees, he arows ee toa Tee. eae " fad oer a ees the medical student Gane round that Artel will win hands down ey oy? nee Sere eat ie een tae oo chaness for Keeping tie a ete plimented itself on its good sense, done more crap playing than whitewashing,
olden rod he makes his annual appearance in | when she sat down. The President arose, ou can't ston him, they say, once he gets go- | Stilton cheese to be made in the United States | apply specially to men, though here again comes But with the mabeieh went much that was “He jess left me, Jedge, phe ses as if 4b
fr fall when it beans % get cold outdoors. “Then the only conclusion we can arrive at,” ing. pale Bee 8 lithe iit hate % pot. and Canada of a quality equal to that of Lel- | {n the fact that married men care lesa about admirable. At, its best this grand manner rasn't of no ‘count an Ah ve been  Itvin for
4 ther tramp: « : ° st r »On= sj eant an exuberant vi , & genuine zes
¢ all other tramps he takes to the open in the | ghe said, “is that the chronic caller should be | there's fire in his eye. , 1 also saw James Pepper, cemplinn besause the Meta “sort “deually soe the figures ‘n Saard ns women “aro | for life... Its. exponents ms tral "out they | AR Mant some ore ee ur
or

spring. Or arniny spell will cause a breaking scouraged, eliminated and blotted out. As . ”
out m0 his unnatural craving for paying calls. n as + discovered he should be dealt with Ong ns pan oid ne. t.” waid Mrs. Dobl
ut this month marks his passing from indoor | firmly and promptly, He is the same sort | «y\_ just sent a mes on ort ree 38.0 ope?
fe and his eall-paying mania, Wheeling, | of man who in a different environment would “A slothont ae aa have gn San x
achting, driving or travel now engross him. spend his time sitting on park benches. Ho] guid’ Mrs Dobley on i ate a c an
he vast army of professional callers dwindles res himself. He can’t stand his own society | doing such a te without” Pee itl cvs
during the summer to a minimum, but always | and he is not in sufficient demand among other | How’ much did yourget?” ee me
Peappeara reinforced in the autumn.” men to occupy his time; he is, in other words, “A hundred eae seaid Mrs. Dobley, simp!
ave observed another interesting thing,” | a social tramp.” ey thought it would be nice i} ey, 8 by.
said the fluffy girl. “That is that there are two "I would state here,” said the typewriter girl, | may Peds D ohana” je 20 ne Won, He
distinct kinds of the calling flend. There is | “that I have discovered a photogra h in. which “He hh * said Mr Dobley. “Just h
an afternoon brigade and an evening detach- | every mark of degeneracy is to be found, even | 17 gii’the other horses fall ‘taal Tames Veena
cq. Ment, the only difference bei that the even- pe orimped ears. I would like to ask the | pas @ good chance. I tell ‘halt euine
ing man wears a Tuxedo and tella of having | fluffy girl whether the mental deficiencies and | to waits away with this ra eet ee
dined out with a gay party from which he has | peculiarities also correspond?” The Ravel cae fllin rn th cia . ‘
vidently torn himself just.as soon as he fin- | She handed the picture to the fufty girl gmnld | ond Ltr Dobler painted Gut Ariel, who hea
shed the last morsel, for the chronic caller is Intense excitement, quelled by the President, Jockey with a pale blue jacket. ble al
“Whi

ailed gallantly, It all ed out toa kind of | He can work all right, Judge, yo
mel ge a A which might be ludicrous, | but he’s jess nachully shif ' That a

probably most. to be apenas upon, and we
4 but was rarely ignoble, The scho! who | be's @ vicious man, too, an’ Ah don’ dare ge 4

can {pfer that loss of balr occurs with rapidly
decreasing freqnency Mm the decades after thirty
years, as represented by 36, 17 and 9.
As to the causes of loss of hair, apart fro

poute febrile diseases causing defluvlum capil-
lorum, which are not included tn this study, we
have predisposing and exciting causes. be-
lieve that my statistics show that the pees pre-
disposing cause is heredity, We find that out of
the 300 cases 132 have a well-marked family his-
tory of loss of hair. Without doubt {n many of
the cases of baldness in ancestors dandruff has
played an important per. Still ina great many
other diseases heredity is recogn! as a pre-
Gispoding factor. and it. cannot be lightly set

le in the etlology of alopecia. I believe that

h ‘all

spends his life ona textbook may be a finer | neah him.”
erholar, but we question if be is 80 ne aman as werine you any children, madame,” asked the

8 lecessor, who a dozen other accom- ; ‘ -
See pd a seine that's poliz |. ‘Deed Ah have. Ah’ve got two, ano replied,

ician should study the housing of the poor or | “an’ Ah want mah husban again. oe a
the drink question ihen ponotate Horace oF Eve ye him all right if youll only bring

‘a treatise on taste; but the result is too CK. i

often a poor shrivelled creature, crammed “Give her a warrant,” sald the Magistrate te :
with details, but thin in blood and weak in en- | his clerk. “Right, over there in that corner, y
ergy. It ts all, perhaps, a gain for us, but are | madame, and they'll pitend te gus.
Fanenee Raee retain a it os Well wnat cnet do for you, ’
athers nce Bpec on, if carr oO an . i 3
extreme, was iueumet ‘a bin against good | asked the Magistrate aa the next oun, ta tiga "
taste; now {t is the only sure way of salvation, | 4 youl woman—came before . 8

asi

such an early that bh her lip. ; * ‘ ”
lark ‘of ‘society, [Applause]. be called the | The didat know trie waa tn That lot she weld ofraloh is James Pepper!” asked Mrs. Dobley. | of acidity at the time of hooping. Phere are | in some families {r falls at an early Of course the old school was wrong: we lve in the ouPe!
“The aftemaoon man on the contrary, is al- | with some confusion. “The fact is thie—well— | po 70U ape that knock-kneed, blind beast | many natives of Jeicestershtre, England, set- | without any discoverable cause in the scalp fr stirring, practical age and we should know Well,” began the young woman with s sigh ,
ways contemplating an evening at the opera | while he nly must be classed among the bal jeurina a potty is A ws tled A the synived States 4 Canada, whe eelf. The, to me, most intereating fact brought t ner! the at least, gome hil bt y ohne Pe a. igh me and I

- * ene oO 6 1088 ls . *
crpeaznneveral Mintione in'one night, He | Barsona we ave, deen almousuna, tt mutt be | Bootes" “ihac is Jaron Perper, and thepont | Siftanheter” {t's toned. that with the | ote berm you a that thyeredtary tsndanoy | parunt (not on the markt highways, at least | ow tong has be Bicon away from homet®

in the by-paths of life. “Two days already,” was the answer,
ry of English society, which some “How long have you been married?

day the mans may undertake, will be a] “Three weeks, your Honor,
study of the decline and fall of the grand man- Well, well, here's a pret state o:
ner. Originally an Elizabethan product and | #ald the | Magistrate. Goly e
nobly typified in Sldney and Raleigh, it came | Weeks and your husband has left ou @
to Aehty in the seventeenth century. The | Something very strange. Now n't
Suckling and the Lovelace school, who were at | lleve he's really deserted you. H a
once cavaliers and poets and a Lord Herbert | didn't you? Ah, I thought as muob. ow you se A
of Cherbury, who was philosopher, poet, physi- home and wait until to-morrow morning. 2
cist. soldier and bravo in one, are shining {n- | chances to one your husband wil ena es
stances of its best, But the eighteenth century | to-night and tell you he's sorry. he ‘
was its heyday. In that modish world of Rane- | feturn you come back here tomer morne
lagh and St. James's, Brookes’s and the Cocoa and we'll see what we can do for you. 4
Tree, we have a thousand Instances of its per- he Magistrate’s prediction was "
fection. _ Let it be clearly understood what we | for the young woman never ret

ean, It was versatility followed as a fash- Do you see this woman oo’ up beret
on and joined with an affectation of ease and whispered the Magistrate, as at
indifference, a manner, and not necessarily a | the next one in the line, “Well, to
character. Most great men haye been many | knowledge that woman has porn here i
sided, but with the gentlemen of the grand air | even times before. She’ will tell her ‘
{t was. social duty, and all traces 0 process } all over again now—if I les her.
must be hidden from sight. A whole hierarchy She was certainly over 40 years old, To é
of statesmen—Carteret, Bolingbroke, Charles all gppeerep she wore a Wig, waa

pl Ht -. t

toloss of hafrrunsinsex. So farasI know Iam
the first to draw the attention of the profession
to this. You will find that. when the
father and father’s famijy only show a
tendency to loss of hair.~there are 75 men
and 21 women: while when the mother and moth-
er's family only are concerned, there are 18 men
and 32 women. When it was the father only
who was bald, there are 27 men and 6 women;
while when it was the mother only who was
bald, there are 8 men and 13 women.

It seems to me that It is a fair inference to
draw from the above that heredity ts a factor of
marked influence, a strong predisposing cause
of loss of hair at least, {f not in many instances
the actual cause of baldness.

A glance over the list. of complicating dls-
enses noted fn 122 casea shows that they are all
disorders that affect the general nutrition of the
body. It is recognized that the hair sympa-
thives with the general nutrition of the body—
falling out after fevers and the like.

‘As exciting causes of loss of hair wa find {n90
per cent, of all the cases some disease of the scalp
or hair itself, In 218 cases, or 72 2-3 per cent.,
there was dandruff, I use this term to include
both pityriasis and seborrhaa sicca, both forms

f seborrhoeal dermatitis, so called, In Dr,
Filiot's statistics the proportion of dandruff
cases was even greater, 88 2-5 per cent. There

always deplores the fact of his excessive u- | admitted that I have had some ho} of Tre ,
jarity but he, is never fo tired fat Be dea claiming bin. H pen pe kept down to one cal throug Fae ee en Se ee ee
rom his fatal propensity to call. ie oO! week and by making him replace everything * “y ' ”
the caller is always of dazzling brilllancy when | he breaks, just as one does Fits a wald, for “ne ee BY Shins be’a 00 bad, a re. Dobie :
he is not paving a call upon some girl who {s | discipline, he smashes no more furniture and | ing the Pears » noe OFRGE BOree -
yawning in hia face and wishing that he'd go.” | has learned to keep his cigarettes off the cellu- Pationce,” said Dobley, “is all right |
“Thave a statistically figured out statement,” | loid piano keys while he plays dreamy waltzes, | mucic teacher or a t il ol t ih “ hot
taid the typewriter girl, “which proves that an | since he exploded two octaves and had to have fs a and spirit that ane ote i . biting
ordinarily gnular girl. with 4 good nae of en ive ie ut a me ee eal all, erstetul the fence Dooenee he is keyed wp Ke this poo |
era, wou e usy each day from 4 | attitude for being allowed to call at all. ave i
i owe 3 ken Po Yee a ake & pti Him of talking of his winnings by making nd te naturally restive. But wait till you see
@0n, with an hour off for dinner between 7 and 8. | him subscribe large sums for charities whenever Thy, heis Just like a circus horse,” said M
y that time the evening brigade {s always | he tells of another success, Insuch acase, may | nobley, “He ie trying to cae said Dire,
action.” ask, is {t not only just that one should feel | TP %irg nic fery enirit that makes him act
The members made a note of this and the | that a certain moderation should mark the t way, Whoop! There th Daxep Sua
statement was passed around while the girls | severity oe as been advised in the treat- Ut Ariel and James Fe Lath ret sed to
odded their approval of the speaker's views. | ment of the chronio caller?” go, and the start was 5) ‘ited. J P
hen the fluffy girl rose while a murmur of ap- “When he ceases to a chronio caller he stood rooted to the eran lo bie tal epper
proval grested her, Her last metaphor had | comes under the rules that apply to other hue | the landscape as thon h he al Hi , oo
Made an impression and while on other subjects | man beings, said the President, “We are not | ¢ Once and a while he wh od h Can”
she was apt to be distinetly frivolous, she was | talking of the chronio caller as of a human gh Ariel is standing on his f legs * paid
@n Admitted. authority on theme under d belng. There are, of course, lots of people | ying Dobley. “He is exactly lik th m hool
dicussion It was a well known fact that atthe | whore calla are looked forward to and en- | jdm. Everybody is laughing at igh echoo!
simmer cottage where she passed her vaca- | cour eg : trying to bite the starter over the or
tons with her family, her father was obliged to “But in this case,” went on the fluffy girl Ut starter deserves it,” ca s De bley
eepaGreat Dane tied in the front yard as a vously, “as to his having all the marks Of | «tas horse bas instinct. You can't fi sol )
iscouragement to young men visitors, legeneracy, I take exception to the crim on a horse. Watch him kick up bi ; Lg
A phenomenal phase,” she said, glancing | ears. They are only wavy on the edges; nd | fie’s playful. He'll simply frisk in™ oo
at her cuff as is her habit when speaking with | having been brought from a stage of six calls | ~"« do ‘they lead him way back there?”
Olt notes, “is that while members of the species | a week to one, as well as being generous in | g.yed i ° Dobley ’ _

knowledge of how it fs done, the maker can
roduce his chease wherever he may be. With
he influx Into the United States of immiarante
from all parts of Europe, who have learned
every indney that ts practised there, it {a
ho rece for orelan producers of any epectal
eatable to expect to retain a monopoly of, its
sale. It will surely be made here and they
will be undersold {n their own market. The
English are eating Stilton cheese at this time
made !n the United States, unsuspicious that
{t Is not genuine Leicestershire.

 

An article in an Fnelish technical journal

yea some curious details in reward to bread and
akers in the Middle Ages, Bakers were sub-
ject to rigid laws and close government. su-
pervision. In London only farthing and half-

nny loaves were allowed to be made. If
he baker retailed his own bread he
was not allowed to sell it in his own
house, before it. or before the oven in which
it was baked, He was obliged to dis: of it
{n the market on Tuesdays and turdays
only, and sometimes on Sundays, A baker of
white bread was not allowed to make bread
of unbolted meal, and bakers of the latter were
not permitted to have a bolting steve in their
oasession, They were not allowed to heat
heir ovens with fern, stubble or straw or to

Townshend—were also wits and scholars, A | careft an down to

he
larze school, from Wilkes to Fox, were also | tion and was hidden by a we

rakes, When the city apprentice went down | of her vetl. Any one could see that her

Rt. James street of a morning and saw in the | were painted with a pigment that aa inten
clear sunshine through the open window Fox | put there. Her eyebrows were heavily a
at cards in his shirtsleeves and reflected that | 4nd her lips were stained. She wore See '

Se

eine

-

ra

* almost absolutely alike they have an inte’ the matter of chocolates, would It not be ad- Because tt I i im.”
¢. like fc ” ; “ erring?” use they are afraid of him,” said Mr. | bake at night. They were not allowed to take | is, therefore, no doubt that dandruff {s found in | this man the afternoon before bad made an | flashy dress that she had worn
, Sect taller ‘hn “another. The’ dyedin-thee Vignbie to deal sentiy, with jhe orcing? student; | Dobley. “They wish to get him in a bad place, | back bread from hucksters when onoe it, had | connection with loss of hair in the majority of | epoch-making speech in fe Commons and | fore, the policeman said. >
caller as an injury almost amounting to an | “withthe flea of discontinuing the calls?’ but they can’t help his Winning. become cold, Hotels and keepers of lodgin gnses. It isa matter of common experience that | had during the night, in all likelihood, lost a Although this isn’t for pemlication, i
affrout. Sometimes he takes his hat andleaves | “Or, rather,” said the fluffy girl, “until his sgsied by limi and caare cilep starts, a8 — Ree pet permitted to dame opined: dan roff may be present in large amount for fortune, ha recognized fhe grand manner and, | pere Sa oe 7, reporter, a
wi ’ uals who no ov n alr esca , ons, st, y . r ‘
Hie a guddenpese that suggests @ osisure | evident, DUrDOwe fe Teiod forward to sia atslta, went up on the grand stand against the horse | own, were {n the habit of sending thelr flour to however, antedate the Ipee of hair s0 often that | A better instance ie ord Mansfeld, One of | devil almostthan this woman. Well, madame. q

the greatest of English judges he was, per- he continued, a8 she came up, “what's

haps, also, since Bacon,the most accomplished, | trouble now? fi i.

fie was a great lawyer and, what {s rarer, a| “He hasn't kept his promise, Judge, sha :

a st me TS, 0 mane ot Be Wien, Derelns. 2 ey Where does he leave it for you?”
over of poetry, a man of fashion and one “Wel? he anawered, “he was to Jeave te

¢ apoplexy. In reality he ee ous and calle eonredie that, one looked Torward to h }
ome other victim. “At other times ho sits "That," 8 t jent, solemnly, * ” sai . ‘i
vishly waiting for the other man to go. | quite another story.” pa a4 fee, ore, aees & prekudies
f there is @ piano he sits at it, ignoring the After discussing pranut sandwiches and | can't defend itself! Those other les de 4
esence of any one but himself and tries to | marshmallows toasted in the gas jet the mem- | ynow how to run, that’s the t i rig ari
rive the other fellow out by his playing. Fre- | bers joined hands and re, istered the famous knows it’s no start. 6o he ren Ay , tie'l
quently he indulges in bitter sareasm and | silent oath of the Bachelor Girls’ Confession | b6 all the fresher for it!” uses to go te
Srgages in discussions that almost lead to | Club that each girl would do all in her power Suddenly the horses made anott tart and
6 he A When three callers confront one an- | to ald {n the secret movement for the com- | gin vicious lunge Ariel started forward But
i PO eati ” i ° 1 >
qnreruton takes one dul: ener aimee | oe tale’ But Ariel contiiuedi® nerves "ere Fe
Phere that thetic.” ; “Gre 1" aa “WwW
oi will state right here,” said the President SALT WATER CURE FOR RHEUMATISM. big St evenly ee Dobley. “Why dosen't
that a cuckoo clock in good order, that chirps yy TR few Ike the ind. Th h
| the hours and half hours. is one of the best | A Man Who Spends Most of His Days tn the | oi... the boy on his back ¢ mld be in les ~
4 ficouragers % aN tg Ay nn vite Water at a South California Resort, Back in his saddle in a vain attemio? tp eae ae
ay ‘ 9 ane ati record 0 a “Every }
basing hours jars him from his setded and | PAsAprNA, Cal., May 27.—-For several seasons Oe Le tet See cnn nate
7 tere tena? cae the att girl, “thas | oman hee attracted considerable notice at | the jockeys and their horses all watched the
@eretly to arrange matters so that the callers | Various summer resorts tn Southern Cailifornia. | fleeing animal that was now ngaring the start-
May meet in twos and threes is one of the best | He was @ sufferer from rheumatism and was re Fos ean. Be et oy ond waiting
~ ne for ' having one’s address crossed | thin and emaciated. For weeks he could be | another round of the track. Palen pan out in
th ir regular route books. The caller dis- | gaan lying on the hot sanda for hours; then one ee ath and endeavored to stop him, but he
M

it must be regarded as the most active exciting
case of alopecia.

I would state my bellef {n regard to the eti-
ology of alopecia as follows: In @ small minor-
{ty of cases it is due to heredity alone; that hered-
ity or any debilitating disease predisposes to
loss of hatr; that dandruff in some form is the
exciting cause in the great majority of cases;
that atrophio processes in the scalp, hyperi-
drosia and keratosis and a few other diseases
may cause loss of hair in exceptional Instances,
Or, to atate it differently, I believe that while it
is possible for one without a family tendency to
loss of hair to have dandruff for years without
losing his hatr, the same disease affecting one
coming of a family the members of which lose
thelr halr early is very sure to cause alopecia
unless the dandruff is held in check by treat-
ment, The important part played by dandruff
in the production of alopecia is shown by the
fact that if we can cure the dandruff the loss of
hair is checked, unless the scalp has been too
much damaged by the atrophic processes to
which it gives rise, If the dandruff relapses the

kneaded by their own servants at the mould-
ing boards belonging to the bakers; the loaves
being baked in their ovens. The profits o
bakers were strictly defined. The quality of brea

made was in degree indicative of the rank of peo~
ple who ate It. The finest and whitest was called
aimnel bread” and was only consumed. b

the most luxurious persons occupying hig

rank and in affluent circumstances, The
wealthy middle class used “waste bread”
which {8 supposed to have resembled what
we know as the French “gateau,” Poorer middle
class le bought bread of an Inferior qual-
ty ealled “cocket.” A still lower grade was
tourte” made of unbolted meal. It was s0-
called because the loaves had a twisted form,
Tourte was used by the humbler classes an

the inmates of monasteries, Three other in-
ferior grades of bread were made; by whoin
consumed it {8 not stated.

Of the variousgastronomic toplos that are
now being discussed in Furope, that relating to
the quality of the food which is likely to be
served at Paris during the coming summer

#jg | for his d behavior.

wit. a
of the first Parliamentary debaters of his day. 1
Some, too, would call Lira a statesman, but the | every Monday morning at 10 gclock,
matter {s doubtful. He wag the only man Madame, don t be in such al Urry pleade@
whom Boswell thought worthy of admission | the Magistrate. “Can't you give him @ {
into the company of general officers who had hours of grace? Why, it’s only 11 o'el
coon service, Dr, Johnson, who did not favor | Now. He will pay it over all right. a
the Lord Chief Justice's countrymen, shared | al! now. Com® back to-morrow =

the prevalent admiration. as witness this frag- | if he doesn’t pay it. Good-day, | @

ment of dialogue, Boswell: "Lord Mansfield is | Oh, you're ent rely welcome, madame; don

not a mere lawyer.” Johnson: “No, sir, I neve: mention it.” “
was in Lord Manafleld’s company. But Lorc The Magistrate Yeaned hack {n his chaly ’

Manatield was distinguished at the University. | and looked as If he felt relleved, 4

Tord Mansfleld, when he first came to town, “That woman's husband is under bonds ‘

drank champagne with the wits. He was the | to pay her $10 @ week, He has done ip overs

friend of Pope.” week since he was ordered to and I have 7
It is the word “mere” in Boswell’s question that he has left the money, just 4s he prpme F

whith {s the ground of the whole difference, | tsed, every time with Supt. Blair of th

To Raleigh or Lord Herbert Wordsworth would door Poor. But this woman wouldn't five “4

have beena “mere” poet,Mr. Spencer a “mere” | him a moment. of grace, She has vee +H

 

 

almost every day for three weeks, 8

RPS Society and sometimes objects to attend- 4 ,
Ing parties on the ple ‘ e , : y he appeared among the bathers, gradually ed them not at all. The boy on his back utt 8 exciti sates sen fall of hair will begin again shilosopher, Gibbon, when he declared that
bit by massing xe Be 6 that Be hates orowen: pe east \ his stay in the water until ws hecame was hanging round his neck now in fright. or. eutume | fate tas ade OF maaattores On looking over my notes T find that I was 4 waa not a historian but a gentleman, and | brought her husband to court five or six times
the ablext weapon against himself, He is nereasing bis ; He realized that he Was on @ runaway horse, and donkey flesh will be used largely in the place able to follow only about a third of my cases | Disraeli, when, before his great Oxford speech just to worry him. You see he dogen't want
horribly horad because the other men are like | known as the bathing crank. Later he was “He can run, can’t he?” said Mra. Dobley. of beef. Even first-class establishments will | long enough to draw conclusions in regard to | {n 1864, he sauntered into the theatre in a shoot- tolive with her, Can you blame him?
Mmsolf, simply callers.” interviewed by a physician who said: “4 Nothing could beat him, “said Dobley,ruefully, | not he above suspicion, for every other consid- the effects of treatment, {ng coat and a wideawake, each in his own ab- Poor people are not alone in the crowd of

‘The question is,” said the President, “is “I first noticed the man when we occupied if he was in the race; but he can’t im now. | eration must yield to the feeding of an esti- If there is absolute baldness, and the scalp is | surd way protested against pto easional limita- | those who go to the police courts, because
he a condition or aA result? Are we not Pee ‘ He'll be too’ tired. Great jumping, he's | mated influx of. 70,000,000 strangers from. all atrophied and bound down, there is little use in | tions. Nowadays we would have a parson be | thera is trouble at home between huge
Fesponsible for the development of his pecue | Toms In the same hotel, and he told me one | going round again’ parts of the world. The sale of horse flesh is | trying to treat the case. @ parson and a statesman be a statesman: when | band and wife Only a few weeks ago @ young a
liar fad, his mania for callings?" day that he liked the place because he could Sure enough. Ariel was now beginning bis | authorized in France. The animals are killed Thave had positive results in checking the fall | the grand manner flourished a gentleman was woman of wealth, a graduate of one of if

third lap. Apparently with no diminution of | jnder official inspection so that. the meat of | of hair and {ncreasing its amount by using pre- insulted by being labelled with a single name. | best women’s colleges in the country, brow 6

‘> be sure, the results were often | her divorosd husband into court to get ,
disastrous and fools, who might haye | to support her child. At least that was tl a
done decently had their aspirations been small, | excuse she had. Her husband, who was
made bids for greatness and had lamentable | # college geapvete, sald that his former wife’
falls. But the art never professed to be for Jealousy ad been aroused because he
the rank and file, but for the master spirits, married again and that she was trying to
and much of the criticism proceeded from the | millate him. He reed to pay $4 a week fi i

a,

..Lcertainty think,” aaid the medical student, | step out of bis room, as it were, into the water,
hat there is a gecret Se ee the hotel being directly on the beach; and I speed, ne one ahead like a crazy horse with | none that is diseased can be offered for sale
callers | think their apparent dislike for resently learned that this was an important | & a rider, Ashe came aroundand be- | So-called rabbits and sausages, however, may
N° another is only aseumed. It is quite pose yer with him. Every time I looked out of gen’ our icircling of the track, the crowd | he regarded with suspicion, and ragouts served
Nble that they moet, plan routes that will not | the window T saw him in the water or Just | tial With langhter, He was not afavorite | at cheap restaurants should be avoided. Dur-
fonfict and perfeet their syatem in this way. | going in or coming out, and he awakened me and ve performance amused the majority of the | ing the siege of Paris, cooks learned to prepare
th.) tieery seems plausible from the fact | ut daybreak going out of his room for an Wa aa on Dobley did not laugh, however: | rats in very appetizing ways. Tt is probable

A! some girly appear to eseane them, while | early bath. It finally got to be sort of a nant. je sat solemnly gazingfat hia dream horse and | that they have not forgotten the trick. Dys-

cipitated sulphur 10 per cent. in a @ cold
cream with or without either salicylic acid, 8 to
5 per cent., or extract of jaborandi, a drachm to
the ounce, These are my favorite remedies,
The ointment proposed by Dr. Bronson com-
posed of ammoniated mercury gr, xx. calomel
ar. xi., in an ounce of vaseline, has also done

tncompetents the ohild’s support, The former wife wen

 
   

 

   

that the statistics represent fairly well the ; ‘

prevalence of loss Peg they B womens but and file make a fuse about their work, but for | cas and the policeman on the bridge t =
or enamel. Hehe these days acopper sauce- hat they jnacequately represent the prevalence the master spirits the grand manner is the erpang, and. enle: in court?”
yan in our kitchens is a comparative rarity. | Of loss of hair among men, which is doublless nsel j it ' , "4
t is possible that the remarkable exhibit that | greater than they show. It can, then, be fairly ~~ + pepeenen One Ene) ee The vile wer it n black got "R and sltpped *
we are making at the Exposition of cooking | Inferred that loss of hair is much more frequent chance for a real art of society. 1f men are to pean! ly up to the Magistrate. bie ime é
ranges in which gas, oll or electricity is used aa} among men than among women, which {8 the | wear honors and successes lightly the back~ Magistrate said he yas golng to pub BES 2 a
fuel, may disabuse members of the French | general impression without the ald of statistios. ground of ease will come into prominence and | ever before, Moreover he wouldn't be pere :

|

) ehee a girl acquires one of the eo yare to me, and one day I said: ‘You're killing wondering why he had been so foolish as to | pepsin, which was once considered the ood service in same cases. In a few canes re- m
fo sow: they come in ae eee yourself staying in the water as you do.’ Do | take Freshington’s advice, isoane of Americans is another topie ational Foeete in solution and in increasing strength ha: But whatever the cause be, the grand man- out of court looking as pleased as if ehe 4
he beginning of the trouble.” said the | you think 807 he replied.*@'You are wrong, Ariel came in after running his race four times | heing widely diseussed in foreign journals | proved helpful. On the other hand, naphthol | ner is diseredited. Disragli' was almost the | won @ thousand-dollar prize and laughed a
pewspaper girl, “ia when a girl leaves off cole use T anncoming back to life. A year ago | over still fresh, butsatisfied with theexercisehe | devoted to gastronomy. What is called the | and cantharides have sroved perfect fallures; | last of its disciples, and the abuse of him which | bly as she got Into her earrlage at the door, 4
The buttons and begins collecting beaux. | 1 was on my back, couldn't move hand or foot, | had had. [He was led into the stable while the | mastication remedy if qeneraty dopted would resorcin has failed as often as it has helped; and | was current for so long shows how people had wee 4
ar always a period in a girl's life when | and was ready for the undertaker if ever man | arandstand applauded him for his performs | put an end to any but individual eating in pri- | my favorite sulphur preparations have failed | come to regard the affectation. For an affecta- Business Stopped by Ants. ' é
0 ‘nee of two or three men in her vi- | was. Look at me now. I’m not exactly the | ance. vate, The idea is that food should be masti- | about one-third as often as they have been suc- | tion {t was, though a charming an someone aod : ; j
{uty gives her a feeling of superiority over | fat man of the show, but Iam getting along, This time the start was a success, the horses | cated “until. there is absolutely no | cessful. B pape ane. Seer hn oT aoe 4 From the Cincinnati Enquirer,
girl who has none. At this atage the young | and It’s salt water. I don’t know how it does | getting away together with James Pepper loping | taste in it and then discarded.” Under this Medicated ointments and lotions are useful for | ished, but a pretence of ease and uclance Upper SANDUSRY, Ohio, May 25 --To-day thie
) man has not really become a chronia caller; | it or anything about it; I only know that the | along lazily in the rear. avatem it is proposed that each mouthful ahall | overcoming the dandruff, I believe that there | and a parade of divers Pe amie fa ene eee | to {sited with a
r) the Deis probably attracted by the fact that | more I stay in the ocean the betterIam. I got hy doesn't he hurry?" asked Mrs. Dobley, | be masticated thirty times. That number of | isno permanent cure for that disease, because it easily be discredited. The splendid impassive- wn was visited with an immense swarm of 4
girl is popular with the other fellows. In| it into my head that perhaps I could be cured | nervously, mouthfuls would mean 0 mastications. A | is parasitic, and the scalp once having been In- | ness of the great epaioman has succumbed to | flying ants, which had the effect of compelling a
arn ty towns you will often find all the col- | by salt water, so | began by degrees to crawl He doesn't know how,” said Dobley.. “He | dinner party conducted under these conditions | fected is all the more liable to reinfection, There- | modern worry, and haste, and. for the most | merchants in certain districts to discontinue y
es boys in love with on girl. And she, proud | out and lie in the sand where it was hot and | believes in taking life easily. He'll probably | would he an amazing s tacle: but there are | fore Jam in the habit of telling my patients that | part, we frankly confess that dignity is a nul- | business. The merchants had no time to pree
the empty honor, invites them to call. Thus | now J'm a regular fish an feel better in the | fall asleep when he is half way around.” lots of English ple who will take thia “cure” | they must expect relapses, and have their reme- | sance and an anachronism. But the other side | pare for the onslaught, and had trouble to get
eeyil begins.” ; | water than out. | believe that what is curing Mrs. Dobley watched the polka dotted Jacket | seriously, and being without sense of humor | dies constantly at hand so as to apply them as | of the thing—the taste for a liberal culture the insects from their stores that they might
) Afternoon ten also does much to foster any) me is the absorption of the salt through, the through her glass with interest. will masticate according to formula, even in | soon as the dandruff reappears shows of revival, and We may see a re-| closed. The ants were supplied with ong,
Bomote the custom,” said the fluffy gir! ores; it must be that together with the baking He is moving up a little!” sha cried delight- | Paris Poe indifferent to the jeers of For peimulating the growth of the hair I be- ap to sry spencer. brought up to date | transparent wings, and only remained ’
48 really the beginning of the afternoon mg 3 Pet froin the hot sun.’” edly, “and all the others are whipping their horses | their Gallic foos. lieve that there is only one remedy worthy of | an ta silliness, couple of hours, q