PATH BEYOND THE LEVEE.

pY F. A. CUMMINGS.
—_—
by 3. 3. McClure Co

RECEDING CHAPTERS.
oreak of the Civil War,
ed slavery and the desire
rge Wesner, led me, Charles
lp my frienrgineer, of Attakapas county, Louts:
ya ciel reagent of the underground railroad.
tana, to becony” A ‘nursed through she, smallpox by
Wesner aes Lucey’, belonging the Cereny lan-
8 young #e discovered facts W ich prov a ey

   

THE

copyria, 190.

syNOPSIS orp
before th
ture, hatt

ion. oot farntl A sectet love mat

was white and of eogressed well until Coverly  pro-
followed vee to bis son and refused to sell her
sed t0 de \wesner became desperate, 1 agreed
lo any one e <teal Lucy and went to New York to ar-
to help him sta’ ciavery Soctety for the care of any
range With Whe Nig North. We arrange our end
slaves WO COUN nd ratirond and establisha refuge
of the underg! at several miles a the river.
at my wo igert suspicion by cartying on @ gen-
Athome ne oaise pusiness Wesner makes ihe first
eral ee ‘tarts North with ten of Coverly’s slaves,
venture ang ri Wesner takes them through suc-
including iit ars them to the agents in New York
OT eee in school at Andover, Im the
and places ee encounter more adventures, but
secant rentire ) shipping seventy-three slaves north
finally suc a cargo of cotton, The following

by sea along with
ening we collect
Wesner tine
Lucy 1s ree
Meantime }
warrant for Lucy

CHAPTER XX, (CONTINUED.)

Ona of his companions noticed the glance of
recognition and heard the speech, Unfortu-
nately, Lucy, in her surprise and terror,
tightened the bridle rein and her horse stopped.
This man stared at her flushed face. He heard
Michaud's expression, and had known of the
exodus) The curl of his ip showed his con-
tempt. Michaud turned pale, for he had a kind
heart and knew that Lucy must suffer from
his unguarded words. He was well aware that
the arm of the law extended even to the Berk-
ahire Hills of Massachusetts.

Mr. Michaud," said Lucy, “I wish to see you
alone (This in the best Acadian of which
ane was mistress. To all but Michaud {t was
unintelligible.)

His eve brightened as he replied: “I am so
sorry, but it was such @ startling surprise to
meet you in this place. Mon Dieu, I would not
have spoken your name or betrayed you for
millions.”

My dear boy,” replied Lucy, “I know you
would not. Does your companion know who
lam? Who ts he?”

I am afraid he does. He ts a Mississippl

man named Gerou.”

"Doas he understand Acadian?”

"No, but he is suspicious, and I have fre
quently talked with him about your escape.
My theory about the swamp he always com-
bated and laid the whole affair to the Under-
ground Railroad. The facts about him are that
he is not a true Southern man. His father
came to Mississippi from New Hampshire and
bought the plantation where they now live.
Gerou hates an abolitionist, and should he lose
a mule or fever break out among his etock,
he would lay the trouble to the U. G. RR
What shall I do to help you, Lucy?"

Lucy's horae waa moving slowly and Michand
was walking beside her.

"Who is your friend?” she asked.

“Ed Lane—from Arkansas, near Little Rook,
and he isa fine fellow. We did not want Gerou
to come, but he fairly thrust himself upon us.
You should hear Lane sing. Do you remember
how you used to sing plantation songs to the
chiidran when you were small?”

Gerou was standing near; his face, never
too pleasant to look upon, was dark and for-
bidding ashe stared at Lucy with 4 contempt-
uous smile, “Come, Lucien,” he cried, “we
did not tramp all the way from Cambridge to
flirt with plantation wenches on the highway.”

Michaud turned toward Gerou. What he said
Lucy did not hear, but it evidently enraged
Gerou, and for reply he dealt Michaud a sting-
ing blow in the face. Blood followed and Mi-
chaud sank senseless beside the road. Mary
Walbridge was between Gerou and paer and
had seen the whole transaction. Instantly she
wheeled her horse, forced him to the side of
Gerou, who raised his hand and eeized the
bridle rein.

The muscles of this Yankee girl were true as
steel], Reversing her whip she brought the
heavily loaded butt full upon his upturned face.
The blow was piven with her whole strength,
and a shriek of pain from Gerou followed it.
The second time with redoubled foree she re-

ated it, and beneath the crushing effects
yerou fell, atunned and senseless.

Luey, who at the instant Laden fell, had
sprung from her saddle, was beside him.

Mary alighted from her horse, left Gerou
where he lay, and running to a tiny brook be.
side the road saturated her handkerchief and
returned to Lucy, who was using her best en-
deavors to resuscitate Michaud.

Lane appeared like one dazed, looking first at
Gerou then at Michaud and the two girl Fi-
nally he went to the brook, filled his drinking
cup and dashed ita contents into Gerou's face.
The shock of the cold water revived him and he
began to exhibit signs of returning life

Lane returned to the two girls, who were with
Michaud With arespect, which if not genuine,
was at least convincing, he inquired of Lucy the
cause and meaning of Gerou’'s actions.

“It means,” cried Lucy, now lost to all sense
of self in the excitement, “that that man, with
cowardice characteristic in men of his class,
struck a defenceless boy, who never did him any
harm or wilfully caused sorrow to man or
woman

To this Lane made no reply, but gased at the
flushed and beautiful face of the girl.

Luey knelt beside Michaud, supporting him,
while Mary bathed his face, endeavoring to re-
store him to consciousness.

Gerou began tostir. “It would be bétter were
your friend to continue his journey,” said Luoy,
and she inclined her head toward Gerou.

“He is no friend of mine now,” Lane replied,
“but if vou want me to take him out of your
sightI will. If] want assistance I will call upon
this lady,” Indicating Mary Walbridge.

Gerou, who had recovered sufficiently to walk,
took Lane’sarmandmovedon. The last glance
he cast at Lucy was ominous of ov.

At the first telegraph station thia message
flew over the wires: “Hicks & Golding, New
Orleans: Coverly's girl {s here; send officer.
{never to James Gerou, Tremont House, Ros-
‘on

When the message was brought to Hicks
Golding, Eben Coverly was in the office, Golde
ing pane him the message. He laughed

ou

The night after, Gerou reocetved the following
trom Coverly: “Warrant and marshal coming.
Coverly, Attakapas.” That telegram was a bad
mistake for Eben Coverly.

CHAPTER YXXI.

Louls Pierce was a friend of Wesner’s, h
been an employee upon the New Orleans an
Opelousas Railroad, was acquainted with Lucy,
knew of her ascape and h suspicion
that Wesner was engaged in the affair.

Pierce had left Toulsiane for Charlestown,
Mass, The lady with whom he boarded had
fon who was a messenger boy in the telegrap’
office. That boy carried the meas: to ‘ou,
who tora it open before receipting for it: as he
laid it down after reading, to sign the receint,
the boy read the message and that night at the
Supper table said to Pierce:

r Pierce, I carried a message from Attaka>
Das to the Tremont House to-day.”

<Coverlia nr he replied

;Coverlid or some such name,” .

“What was it, did you read it” "

Yes—don't blow on me, but I couldn't help tt.
Ne was’ ‘Warrant and marshal coming.’ ”

“It must have been Coverly,” replied Pierce.

You're right, Coverly was the name.”
Pieres instantly divined that {n some way

‘nother lotat the rendesvous, and
m north to Catro over the old route.
4 by a Southerner and ts betrayed.
a friend of Wesner's hears of the
s arrest and he Starts to aid her.

     
 

Coverly had discovered Lucy’s location and
fat niet lott for Andover, where he supposed

From the name signed to the
knew it menaced dan: to her.
had dabbled in the underground r
self, but not very deeply, being b
clined to be a ttle timorous, but he always
showed courage and pluok when needed to as-
Sist a friend, and at times was venturesome and
even bold. He knew where Lucy made her
home in Andover, and drove directly to the

ouse. There he was surprised to find she had
fone and left no address, but the janitor gave

'm all the information he po . which was
that she had gone to a little village called Ches-
*r, way off ln Hampden county. Here was an
bo Oreseen trouble, as Chester was some hun-
dred and seventy-five miles or more from And-
pref. and he had not money to pay fafe or

The hire

erce was not the man to give up easily.
Back at Brighton he had afriend who pastured
Nerves, and if he had the horse he could
essiry = borrow the harness and car-
riage On his way toward Brighton, 4 he
a erward told me, he turned the whole thing
aver in his mind and decided that go he must,

‘hot with a horse, then on foot, for he knew

io and was determined to’ beat the old

“tndeed, he
ad him-

nature in-

\t Brighton he succeeded not only in gettl
A horse, but he borrowed a harpaes Si $50

in money

toy opey. | With this outfit he atarted for Ches-
late The horse was not very apeedy, and it was
left Ree tturday evening, four days after he

1 Choe tom When Pierce drove up to the hotel

After ear

ing supner he sauntered into the bar-

fonm, and from thera out on the piaz but
A 1a one of whom he could ask questions,
tn ed act, did not know what to ask or whom
hernncledadt) 18. Was growing more cautious,

‘luded to ask none, but wait and endeavor

eiycertain if Lucy was in the place, He was

mor 2, Andover that she was to spend the sum-

leara’'t 4 Mr. Lewis's in Chester, but did not
bis Christian name This was ®&

SSS

 
 

D-

not exactly from devotional motives, but be-
cause he was pretty well assured that Lucy
would be there. He purposely went early and
waited on the steps with the rest of the early
attendants for the coming of the pastor. Pierce
was a stranger and drew the attention of the
congregation as any stranger would in a small
pace He was accosted by a gentieman, who
nquired if he would atop for the service, and
receiving his affirmative answer immediately
introduced him to Deacon Lewia The last-
named gentleman was the sexton and usher
combined.

Now was Pierce's chance, and as he was by
nature quite a fosaip he improved it, and in
less than five minutes had the information that
he (Lewis) took summer boarders, that he had
three young ladies from Andover, also four
you gentlemen from Harvard, and should
have had a fourth lady had she not received
an invitation from one of her classmates up in
Lee and had gone there; he guessed it did not
cost her anything for her board, as Walbridge's
darter wanted her company. Although the

knew. Hestaved until thé benediction; walk
slowly out with the congregation, hurried to
his hotel, ordered his horse, ate his dinner and,
mounting the wagon seat, drove at a rapid gait
toward Berkshire.
Again it was evening and he drew near the
Walbridge mansion.
On the broad stone atep sat the two girls.
In the fading light Plerce could not recognize
Lucey, but he knew her voice and the words
of the hymn they were singing. The tears
started to his eyes. for he had once heard her
sing the same hymn in a little negro cabin
in Attakapas the night before she fied to
the swamp. At the sound of wheels the voi
ceased, Pierce stopped his horse, alight
and walked slowly up the path toward the
goor sucy recognized him and was the first
o8 .

“Wr, Pierce, is there trouble?”

“Yes, they are you.
"I felt that it would be ao.” she replied, and
ip a few words related her encounter with

erou.
Pierce then told her how he had obtained
the information.

“Now, Lucy, I am here, and what is to be
done must be done quickly. It is five days
since Gerou sent that telegram and the mar-
shal is liable to be here at any time.”
“Mr Pierce, I must rely upon vou. J know
I must leave here but where shall I go? Not
to Boston. for did not the authorities return
Rurnsto his master? There is but one course -
that is to hide, Hide from the sight of man
but where? ‘Foxes have holes and the birds
of the air have nesta,’ but what place has the
fugitive slave. and that fugitive a woman?”

nee Mr. Walbridge know who you are?”
“No”

“Tell him.”

“I dare not. for he is so herotcally patriotio
that he would return me to the marshal and
consider {t his duty honorably performed.”
“Don't believe it.” Pierce replied. “Has he

  

Bak tema he hout to ine to
lee ext day, Sunday, he attended church,

|

of a warrant have 1
against teh asked Pierce. P boas arene
because I am driving on a after dark?”
“Nothing against you, but I have against
FOUF COMPA Gilman as the light abone
pe ey ul
his face, “Say, Mr. Marshal, what have Fou

re?

“Well,” lied Gregg, “he is
genuine Yankees, who has, sold
pooney: Do you want him?

m."

No,” Pierce replied, “I have seen him before,
It ia the station agent at Washington, He is
paid for his part, but Iean remember him
without out pay.”

Gregg now approached Lucy and asked her a
few questions.
“Are vou the girlknown as Lue
of Eben Coverly, parish St. Mary's, Louisiana?”
“It is useless to deny it, sir.” she replied. “I
“I am from the parish vt. Mary’s, Louisiana,
but I am not and never will I be the property
of any man.”

“That's too deep a question for me to decide,”
replied Grege, “But here listen ye I read
th

one of your
that girl for
lam done with

y, the propert

newsy deacon did not know the young lady's swarrant. Can vouread?’ he asked.

name, he knew the others, and gave them to “Yes,” she replied. is

Pierce, which was as well. “Then you read it,” and hehanded her th
Services commenced, but what the text was, | paper, holding the lantern s0 the light shown ful

or how eloquent the discourse, Pierce nev upon {t.

pn is het abe peas: ities
ARIS . MarYS, LO .

" apne 23, . bieh
In consideration of $1400, the receipt of whic’
I hereby acknowledge, | have this dey sold to
Richard Coverly one mulatto girl, known as
Lucy. Said girl is 8 years of age, nears white,
no marks, and I am lawfully possessed of the
Nitecae., doom, duattee al the Peary,
Witness, James Wilson, Justice o PACA,
“Are you the gir! described by this bill?”
asked Gregg. ‘

“Yes,” ee replied, “I am the girl,

The soene was over, and Lucy was the prop-
erty of Richard Coverly. It was about 3 o'clock
in the morning, and there was a faint glow of day-
ight along the narrow road, as they started
toward Becket's station. Pierce was silent—
Lucy's grief saddened even his light heart,
and he was also thinking of her rescue. Gregg
gave him permission to remain with
and fell in with his own ay behind,
forming Pierce that it would be olly for
him to attempt an escape. ‘
“I know it, Mr. Marshal,” said he. “I
would have tried long ago were it not forthe
lady's entreaties, and should have shot you
at first, but for the fact that a Massachusetts
jury would call it murder, and the Sheriff might
run me down for it. 1 have looked into the
muzzle of a pistol before this night. Whenl
threw up my hands my own shooting iron covered
you from under my coat sleeve My juda-
ment overruled my inclinations. Three to one
are big odds and I was fearful that the lady
might be injured in ihe melee that would
follow so don't think that 1 am a coward.
"No, I think you are a pretty level-headed
man, and J'll swear you are a cool one -and T
believe will make trouble for us yet" this
to the policeman in an undertone.

They drove along at a moderate pace, and
were soon atthestation and awaiting the west-
ern-bound train. Pierce asked the Marshal if he
intended to handeuff Lucy

Lucy,
rst in

a horse?” "No, ee until we get beyond Cincinnati,”
"Yes, * he replied.
tpen Sat Ed one. am going to trade “Then,” reasoned Pierce, “you take the

horses with him, for mine is about played
out. You have got to leave this place, for
the officers have your location down fine, and
are not going around by Boston. but will come
by the Connecticut valley The sooner we
are on the move the better. Introduce me
to Mr. Walbridge and stay until I finish with
him.” Without any formality he, preceded
by Lucy. entered the house and was made ac-
quainted with the farmer

If not eloquent, Pierce was a forcible talker,
and in a few minutes he wave Mr. Walbridge
a view of the fugitive slave law he had never
read or heard of hefore. After he had finished
his story he turned toward Lucy

“Now. Mr. Walbridge, you know this lady:
she has been a member of your hourehold
eaten at your table, slept under your roof an
eat in your pew at church. Do you wish to
return her to her master? Do you wish to
send her back into slavery, to he lacerated
by the lash, to know that. through your in-
atrumentality and under the mistaken motive
of obeying the laws of your country, you con-
demn her to perpetual servitude?”

“No " yelled the old man. “never!”

“Then,” said Pierce dronping the heroic,
“swap horses with me. I will trade back after
Tam through with yours. Mine isan old horse,
and is just beat out. We have got to run for
{t. Lucey and 1.”

“Take any horse I have—-take my best roke
of oxen!” cried the old man, in his excitement

“Now don't get excited,” said Pierce. “Take
this easy. Can you show me the road?”

Mr. Walbridge took a leaf from his memoran-
dum book and made a little plan of the read
leading to the surrounding towns with a neat-

eas and extreme accurateness that surprised

erce.

“Now,” aaid the old man, “rou had better
leave just as soon as itisso dark these peekin’
neighbors along the road can't tell it's my
horse, and drive slow by every house for five
miles, or some of ‘em will know her step and
speak of it the next day. They're an awful
curions people hereahout.”

After it was fairly dark the exchange of horses
was made and the’couple started, Lucey taking
her handbag containing a few articles of cloth-
ing. Pierce's idea was to convey her to Wash-
{naton, the nearest railroad station, and from
thence back to Andover, where amone friends
and in a populous community she would be less
liable to arrest and would he more easily pro-
tected; but Lucy, well knowing that a warrant
for her person, reénforced by a requisition from
the Governor of Louisiana, would be as potent
in one place aa in another, begged for conceal-
ment until thedanger waspast. Then she could
return to Andover, but not now, when Gerou
might have a detective watching her move-
ments. Pierce concluded to keep on the present
road to the station, then take another branch
road and make a detour up throueh Frank-
lin county and stop at some quiet plaveas far
from the railroad as possible. From thence,
when the search was over, she could come
back to Andover

It was now near midnight, and as they drew
near the station Pierce gave Lucy instructions
how to proceed in case she was captured and
also promised that he would follow and not lose
track of her. His previous knowledge of sim-
ilar cases instructed him to be cautions, and
he also knew that they were liable to be inter-
cepted, as there were other routes open to the

kidnappers up through the Connecticut Valley
from theSouth by the Boston and Albany
fromthe Weat, or from Boston by the same

road from the East. The train from the West
was due at Washington station about 1230,
and it was just midnight as they crossed the
track. The country road ran very near the
station, and as Pierce drove over the raila he
noticed imperfectly outlined in the glimmering
starlight a wagon standing near the station
house, the horse fastened to the hitching post
and the driver talking to the station agent, who
was waiting with his lantern, evidently expect-
ing the train. There was a trunk in the wagon;
this meant a stop of an instant, Washington
being a flag station.

The agent looked up as the team drove by, say-
{ "Good evening.”

erce replied and drove on as if well ac-
uainted and near home. He did not fancy
the appearance of the station agent and told
Lucy 80 as soon as they were out of hearing.

“P will tell you why,” said he. “He looked at
us pretty steady and knew there were two in
ia bugay—a man and a woman, and I am
afraid he is paid to remember it."

“OMr. Pierce, hurry!” erled Lucy.

“I don’t like it,” replied Pierce, and he was
right. The station agent, Gilman, had been
paid by Gerou to watch that particular crossing
day and mat until the marshal should have

. _A letter waited the marshal at New
Fork. telling him which route to take and what
station to get off at. More than this. Gilman
pee purpcesly driven by Walbridge’s that very
Sunday, saw Lucy aitting a 4 the open window
and recognized her. e knew Walbridge’s
mare by her step as she crossed the railroad
that night.

The train was about twenty minutes late and
as they slowed up a man leaped from the for-
ward passenger car, walked swiftly by the
smoker and spoke to the station agent.

“Is your name Gilman?”

“Any news?”

“Yea, the parties crossed here leas than an
hour ago, bound east.”

“Passed—on what train?” 2
“No train, but with a horse and wagon.” |
“Then we will pet a team and follow them.” |
“No,” said Gilman, “they have Walbridge’s

mare and ten miles start; she will go that dis-
tance for every hour for all night. e will go to
Becket’s station: that’s the next but one. ere
the country road swings around near the rail-
road. The west-bound train is due at the sta-
tion next this 4.14. We will take a horse and
wagon there and drive this way, meet them and
arrest your nigger, take her to the station, board
the train, and the work is done. But if Wal-
bridge is with her he will fight. I will show you
the road, but when we hear their wheels I'moff,
for I muat not be known in connection with the
affair. J. Walbridge will shoot.”

The marshal felt a contempt for the cow-
ardioe of the man, and inwardly resolved if there
was any lead flying that the gentleman should
share in the shower, and as the conductor sang
out “all aboard!” stepped nimbly on the plat-
form of the smoker, followed by Gilman. There
was a man with the marshal, but he did not in
troduce him to Gilman. His name we Bhayen-
neasy. He was a policeman from Ne 0
city whor Oress had deputized and hired to ac-
company him :

an hour later they left the train at Becket's
station. Gilman consumed perha another
half hourin getting his team, and they were on
the road, driving at a rapid rate weat, upon the
game road on which Pierce and Lucy were driv-
ing east. They had no expectation of meet-
ing an enemy, but thought they, would be pur-
sued from the rear. Hearing the approach of
wheels, Pierce tpined Die horse beside the road,
to leave room for the other carriage. To his
intense surprise, the driver drew square across
the road, sprang from the wagon, and seizing
the horse by the bits, cover Pierce with his

olver, calling upon him to surre ‘

ig | ed was no Pool He dropped the reins,

speaking a few words to Lucy, telling her to re-

member all he had said and not despair. Shaugh-
neasy held the reins. Cregg, finding that Pierce
submitted, lowered his pe , began fumbli
in his pocket, brought out his warrant, an
by the light of’ Gilman's lantern commenced to

as
a
ent CE —

—=—EE———————————— SS

steamer at Cairo. for once I will hold my tongue,
think instead of talk, and will swallow all you
gaYv

He turned and addressed Tucy in Acadian,
saving he would keep near her, and, {f no other
way offered, he would shoot the Marshal before
he would allow her to go back to “hell” again
or set foot on a Mississippi steamer

Luey had dropped her veil over her face
and save an occasional shiver as she chokec
hack the rising sobs, no one would have noticed
that the party were not legitimate travellers
As they reached the station, Greg@ turned to
Luey ‘

“Not yet,” said Pierce. “I haven't made
up my mind what todo. 1 may take a notion to
shoot vou before I let the girl go :
Gregg smiled and turned away keeping his
eve meanwhile on Pierce, who stood beside
Tuey, at one moment determined to make an
outery and at another discouraging it, fearing
that he might be arrested and not allowed upon
the train if he interfered. He coneluded to
remain quiet

rege. bought three tickets for Albany
Pierce bought his for the same place. Greg
noticed this, and turning to Pierce said: “If
vou meddle with me it will cost vou your life.’
" “Pools threaten,” replied Pierce. “I have
an uncle in Albany, and am going to visit him
At Albany there was a choice of two routes
to the South, ene via New York and Erte Rail-
road to Chicago, thence by the Grand Trunk
line, the Ilinois Central to Cairo, and by steamers
to New Orleans: another hy the New York and
Albany Railroad to New York, thence to Cin-
cinnali er through to Cairo

At this time southern Ohio was a very un-
healthy plare for the kidnapper, and the
underground railroad had scouts tn plenty
around Cincinnati. Gregg had told Pierce
that he would not put irons on Lucy until after
reaching Cincinnati, so he must have intended
to take that route. Pierce learned that there
were four hours to wait at Alban before the
train left for New York, but that close connec-
tions were made with the Chicago express

Pierce was off the train before it had fairly
stopped, The marshal, closely followed by
the policeman, escorted Lucy to the ladies,
waiting room and then went to the ticket office,
leaving Lucy in charge of the latter. Pierce
watched and listened: “Three tickets to Cairo
via Chieago and Ilinois Central.” It was the
mareshal's voice

"Thank God, I will be there sixteen hours
before vou,” said Pierce, as he walked back to
the waiting room and exchanged a few words
with Luev in Acadian

‘You go br the way of Chicago T will be ot
Cairo with help before vou aet there I know,
the ground. Den't despair, keep un your
strenath, for you will need it all, It’s only
another trip over the old road and we will see
our friends once mere

“Train ready,” calledtheecnductor. The last
bell struck and Luev was hurried on beard
Pierce, with moist eves, watched them pull out
of the danot, then hurried to the office of the
Western Union Telegraph office, where he sent 9
long message to Gillott at Cairo, oxplaining
the situation and that he wason his wav. This
he signed “No. 5,” his roll number when on the
railroad, and added: “Answer to Percival Jones,
train between New York and Cincinnati.”

The despatch was in cipher, known only at
a few of the U. G. R. R. cabal around Catro
This done, he went to the restaurant and cr-
dered his dinner, not having tasted food since
the day before,

At 5 P. M. he took the train for New York
and was whirled out of the denot on the then
famous New York and Albany Railroad, broad
gauge and fast.

CHAPTER XXII.

When Plerces message was
Gillett, Wesner was at Cairo, on his return
from a trip to New York. He was stopping
at the hotel, was not disguised and ad no
communication with Gillett, although he
always kept run of the hotel guests. There
were acouple of men there whose acquaintance
Wesner wished to make, as he mistrusted they
were negro hunters, and it was very good
rolicy te learn their business. Neither of fem
knew him, and he soon ascertained they were
simply watching, and was amused when he
heard them boast they could stop every runa-
way negro that came by way of Cairo.

The ay Gillott had received Pierce's de
spatch Wesner had intended to leave,but there
*was no boat going down that he wished to take.
The next mmorving the hotel clerk handed him
a letter with the local postmark upon it. The
direction was in an unknown hand, and he
put it in his pocket and sauntered down the
street. When a short distance from the house
he took the letter from his poeket and opened
it. It was short, but he comprehended its

purport. There was no signature attached.

he bandwritlp y was (iillott's.

“To-night w thout fall.”

Wesner chewed the letter to a pulp and ecat-
tered it along the road

That night found him at Gillott'’s, where
Pierce's telegram was handed him. One
moment sufficed to acquaint him with its con-
tents, another and he had formed hie plan.

“They must be stopped before they reach
here, the town is full of roughs. I know that
Marshal. his name is Greet. He ia a gentle-

an, but a fighter, and will not be frightened.
if they are allowed to reach here Lucy is lost.”

Wesner then telegraphed to Pierce’ “G
to Charleston, Til, and wait my coming. 4
have help enough thera”

This he sent as directed. Pteren received
it at Cineinnati, and, following directions,
arrived at Charleston in a fever of anxiety,
and awaited developments.

No time could Wesner lose He must strike
Cromwell's place, fifty miles from Cairo, be-
fore morning light. There were friends there
and a half-dozen of the boys could be found
eager for the adventure, and of the reckless
disposition that laughs at danger.

ne hour from the time of entering Gillott’s
house he and Wesner were in the saddle and
riding toward Cromwell's, fifty miles away.
Over the wild prairie, through the dark night
they rushed. The Ilghts of the prairie vil-
lages shone but a moment ahend, were passed,
twinkled in their rear and foappeared 18 the
receding night.

Three hundred miles to the north lay the
raila of the MMlinois Central Railroad. Over
them, straight as a bird flies, speeding at the
rate of thirty miles an hour, rushed the train.
On this train, helpless, shackled and a prisoner,
was the woman Wesner loved. There was
onechance for the rescue and that was at
Cromwell's station. Failing that she must
again be returned to her master and slavery.

... For God's sake, ride on,” he eried to Gillott,
we are but walking our horses.”

Gillott looked at his watch. “Keep cool,
Wesner- it is only 12:30 ten miles an hour.
We must halt and let our horses reat, mine
will be down and that wont do. Our pace
is tremendous.”

Wesner threw himself from his horse, followed
by Gillott. Both stretched themselves at full
length upon the grass and for thirty minutes
ther horses reated and cropped the fresh green

ade.

Wesner whispered to hia horse: “Now, my
beauty, eight milesanhour. Itisall Task. At
that rate we will reach Cromwell's at 4 o'clock.
Go!” and again through the darkness. One hour
nine, m ys ve A her wake

e and her quick breat warns Weener
that she is failing ”

delivered to

 

|

TT eee

A

“Slower, slower,” Gillett, “every-
thi is on the beset

Teo ‘ours— seventeen miles. ht miles
more. Their horses stagger as with quick heav-
ing flanks they rush on. Four more miles— will
they make the distance? Far away to the north
is the swift-moving train; away to the right, but
a mile distant, is the Illinois Central Railroad,
its outline still hidden by the waning light.

The stretch of woodiand whose friendly gloom
promincs, concealment is dimly visible in the
comir awn.

ne mile more--the woods are reached- but
three miles are left. The shades of the dense
wood cover them from all unfriendly eyes. Two
miles more--the fences of Cromwell's clearing

fe on their right and left, and the rays of the
rising sun had not shimmered on the neighbor-
ing prairie when they rode into the yard.

‘romwell heard the sounds of the hoofs—-al-
ways on the alert, he was up and sone andina
few minutes both horses were safely hidden and
all traces of their riders had vanished. Six
hours before train time, in which to rest and pre-
pare for action. Enough and to spare. Crom-
Well's was but three miles from the station.

This station was a little wooden building and
platform beside the railroad track. The engine
stopped here for wood and water, making a de-
lay of about fifteen minutes’ This was enough
for Wesner-— perhaps too much.

The friendly trees extended from Cromwell’
to the station, an oasis of forest in a desert o
green. Their branches afforded concealment
and shelter and the soft turf gave no echo from
the hoofbeats of the horses.

The engineers, when laying out the line of
railroad, impressed with the neauty of this
wooded belt, avoided cutting it. Cromwell,
wandering from the sterile hills of Maine, was
there before the railroad. Coming from acoun-
try of forest, unlike most Eastern men, he es-
chewed the prairie and remembered his native
woods—this little spot pleased his fancy. The
woods of Maine were mere bushes beside these
gigantic oaks and hickories, that were old when
Columbus landed at San Salvador.

The old man Cromwell was of arough exterior,
but his heart was tender, and at this time of life
the glamour of romance had not worn off.

“Here,” said the to his young wife, “we will
make our home, here we will raise our children
ang here ‘P will be Served. % £f the United

e land was then the property of the
States. Cromwell purchased it and Sule his
house amid the forest trees. He was an origi-
nal Aholitionist and practised what he preached.
Contact with the world had taught him to be
cautious: a large family of boys had strength-
ened his hands as pid ave grew upon him, and at
@) vears of age h@had the appearance of aman
of 40. Strength, muscle an agility were bie,
and backed by his five sons, Cromwell was &
formidable opponent for the kidnapper to med-
die with. He was, of course, suspected of being
connected with the U. G. R. R., but as the whole
tamily bad as many disguises as a burglar and
were apt in their use, the fow persons who did
Suspect them let them alone. Indeed that section
of the country was somewhat under their influ-
ence: these were the persons upon whom Wesner
relied for assistance.

CHAPTER XXIIL.

Grear, preceded by Luey and the policeman,
entered the car at Albany. He saw_ Pierce
watching him, but made no remark. He was
too shrewd a man and too capable an officer to
be easily caught napping and he anticipated
that Pierce would make an attempt at a rescue.
Where that attempt was to be he could make no
reasonable conjecture, but he argued, “Men of
hisstamp wait for opportunity, and if I give him
the opportunity he will surely make the attempt.
My endeavor shall be not to give that opportun-
ity Once Tam at Cairo I shall feel safe, aa there
are always enough low-down men there to he)
one. Lam sorry forthe girl, though. Sheisall
nerve and equal to anything a lady, if she isa

 
 

 

nigger, IT would buy her myself if Dick would
sell her. I'll ask her and see how she would like
the chanae. If she objects I wouldn't invest a
red in her.”

With this determination Mr. Gregg sat down
in the seat with Lucy and beaan the conversa-
tion

“Miss Lucy, this is a very disagreeable busl-
ness to me, but you know, rouree, Miss Lucy—”
here he hesitated and was lost for words. Lucy
raised her eves to his face with a quiet reserve
that confused him the more

“What is disagreeable, Mr. Marshal?”

“Gregg, Gregg is my name, Miss Lucy—call
me Greae.”

“Mr. Grega. what is disngreeable?”

“O, this catching folks like you and carrying
them back to their masters. I don't care for or-
dinary niggers, but you are too white for a nig-
ger

“Black people have souls, Mr. Gregg, as well
as white

“Granted, but facts are facts, and some are
hard facts too. Of what use is it toa nigeer to
have a soul and be a slave on a plantation?
There is where my theology is way off. Mise
lucy wayo T have heard lots of sermons on
that subject, but the preacher always comes out
of the same hole he went in and on the same side
of the fence. The next Sunday I would go and
see or hear some other man go in and come out
the same identical hole. Lord’ Miss Lucy, by
and hy they teke the hole with them and leave
me nothing, not even the hole to look at-—an
here I am, United States Marshal (deputy.
mean), chasing nigeers all over Uncle Sam's
farm and running them back to their masters at
so mucha head, expenses paid. Now would you
rather belong to me than Dick Coverly?”

“Does that mean you would steal me for your-
self Mr. Gregg?”

Ono, no. no: no not that. Ifyou wouldlike
me better and Dick's priceis not too high, I will
avy you

“Listen, Mr. Gregg.” she replied. “I am not,
neither shall I ever be, Dick Coverly's property
God will never permit that monstrous wrona.’

‘There are lots of monstrous wronas done
without his permission.” seid Gregg. interrupt-
ing

Lues continued: “Ch, Mr. Grege, Iwill confess
I would rather be under your ownershin than
Richard Coverlev's, but do not invest vour
money inime Taman uncertain riece of prop-
erty, and shal! vehemently dispute any man's
right to bus or sell me. Why do you talk to
me so? What right have you? Look at the
women in this ear am I less intelligent than
thes. less a woman? Have I less feeling?
Would you dare to addreas the humblest or the
most ignorant of them as you do me? Sir, [
eouldalarm thiscar. Teould have you evecrated
and scorned should [ give an ontery and show
the people the terrible iniquity going on in
their midst. Do vou wish to know why I do
not? Because it would profit me nothing; you
are an officer of the United States I am not
recognized as an (ndividual I am pronerty
yon could and would hold me: T should injure
you without benefit to myself, and T think you
are a good man with o mistaken notions of
duty. What if T were your sister or daughter?”

Gregg fastened his eyes upon her excited
countenance

“L should be proud of vou,” he whispered,
*fand sheet the man who wronged you.
feel that vou are not vet in Louisiana, and al-
though I wish I had never undertaken thia
fob, it is too late to retreat, so I will fight before
T allow you to be taken from me. I shall do
my duty, but you shall suffer no harm while in
my enstody.”

At Buffalo Gregg escorted Lucy to a restaurant
table and politely helped her to what she de-
sired. No allusion was made to the situation
again. Grega’s glance at every stranger
who paused to look at them anda general
uneasy expression of countenance, showed quite
plainly that he did not feel secure, Pierce's
disappearance was in itself suspicious, for he
reasoned to himself that he would not leave
the girl, Whenever he spoke to Iicy there
was that respect in his address that did not
really pelong to his position. At lunch he
scanned the faces of the waiting crowd, dread-
ing to see that of Pierce. There was no doubt
but his present expedition was the resuit of
circumstances and was not to » liking. Yet
his ideas of strict duty were auch that when the
attempt to reacue came, he would die in his
trucks before he would leave his prisoner.
With Gregg official duty was paramount.

The long stretch of prairie throuch which
they were passing had no beauties for Lucy, and
interested her but little. The horrible fate in
store for her, should Pieroe fall, had a crushing
weight upon her mind and banished all other
thoughts. The ghosta of former days passed
before her eyes and the black curse, whoae
weird and ghastly form had of late seemad
so distant, now appeared to stretch forth its
hand and gather her in among the skeletons
and desolations that like a dark pall hung over
the banks of the Teche @ thought see
a presence that she could feel as reality. Her
breath came with difficulty, her pulse was faint
and slow

Chicago at last. After a few hours’ stop
the train pulled out of the great city, stretched
its smoky hength across the boundless prairie
toward the Mississippi. It was growing dark;
Greg@ came to Lucy's seat with his handker-
chief in his hand.

“Please sit over in the other end,” said he.
She oheved. He stooped down and she felt
her ankles clasped with firm hand. The rat-
tle of a chain and she was shackled to the seat
in front.

“Precaution only,” said he; “your dress
skirt will cover the ornaments. No one will
know. I am not going to lose von by any
carelesaness or soft-hearted folly; I have
too much at etake for that.” Instead of be-
ing frightened, the girl was pleased. He scents
danger, she thought Welcome anything
welcome death--I am prepared. The roar
and rush of the train drowned the slight noise
and not one of the passengers knew that in
that car was a woman chained and manacled.

CHAPTER XXIV.

At 9 o'clock Cromwell called Wesner and
Gillott. “Up, boys, up! Let us fix and be
off. Bob will cut the telegraph wire five min-
utes before train time ur watches are on
railroad time, so there can be no mistake.”

Wesner was on his feet in an instant. Gil-
lott was also up, but {t was arranged that he
should reniain at the house. Four men were
all that were required, beside Bob Cromwell,
who was to cut the telegraph wire. This was
an operation easily performed. The wire
was simply cut witha pair of plyers, a few feet
of tow string being substituted, and the thing
was done job knew how, for he had done
it before. From Cromwell's there started
a fine pair of horses attached to a spring wagon.
A barrel and some boxes were on the wawon.
The occupants drove northeast until they
reached the main road and then turned toward
the station. This wagon was driven by a
stalwart negro, another occupied the seat be-
side h About an hour ater two horse-

im.
en 9 oe out a i ar #, the one a big-whis-

 

ered of about six feet
two or three inches; other was our frien

 
       

TRE 'SUN, “SUNDAY, ‘UNE 8:°1000."
Fizyeg spond befits wt pe oes eae

Ww t orquahly aga cat-
tle ee it wuld aot ve
known him, is was \

man Cromw the escape, and i

was he with Wesner. “Now, George.

he, “the boys” (Hiram and William Cromwell)
‘will get there first with the barrete an, boxes.
They are gotten up so the devil wont know
them The horses are stained and the wagon
was colored over last night. Those barrels
are directed to some firm in Orleans, freight
paid to Cairo. Do you see, my boy? They
will bother the station agent, You enter the
first car. Have your pistol ready. I will fol-
ow. The girl wont know you. You will
know her Tell her to break for the plat-
form. I will take care of the Marshal and po-
Hoste i ee een’. antler” lv's a
ui arshal who gets the dro} you.

. The start was well timed, and as Wesner and
Cromwell reached the station the train was in
sight. wagon was ed up to the plat-
form, unloaded and the boys were haggling
with the station pqent about the freight.
“Wesner,” sai mwell, “don't hitch your
horse; get off and leave him: he will know what
to do.”

Both men were on the platform. The train
slowed Up. Wesner recognized Pian 's face at
the window, the fourth seat from the door,
“My God,” he whispered, * there she is!
“Keep cool, keep don’t hurry,
Cromwell. ust stop here ten or ff
inutes. I know the conductor; he wont ho
this train an ingtant for all the niggers south of
Mason and Dixon's line—wait!
Meantime the boys had unloaded their barrels
end take receipts in the name of some person
irty miles away.
Now!" cried the old man Crom-

aL me is up—

well; “Go!”

Wesner 8) to the open door and en

the car. “Pac !" he shouted. She recogni
his voice and tried to arise, but the shackles pre-
vented her; she back. “Run, run to the
platform,” Weaner

r ted.
replied, “I am chained to the

t.
Revolvers were out, women shrieked map
shouted,”Train robbers!” and confusion re! i
© one seeming to realize the trouble. regs
aid. Hie revolver came pote its belt, an: -
ing to Shaughnessy to assist him, he sprang to-
ward Wesner. Too late—before he could raise
his hand a ball from Wesner’s weapon shattered
the stock and pas Pa through his arm buried
itaelf in the side of the car. Gregg dropped
back, but not heeding the wound, was on his
feet {n an instant an ain in the aisle, The
old man Cromwell met with a blow that
would Dee? he can Mieughnsnr of tan ear:
the floor o' @ car. aughnessy
ent failed Gregg, although he made a half-
earted attempt to arrest Wesner. te

“sit down, or you are a dead man, pt
George. “I want this girl, and d—n you, I wil
shoot any man in this car that attempts to pre-
vent ii.”

One wrench at the seat in front of Lucy and
Wesner tore it from its fastenings. Another in-
stant she was in his arme, with the broken cast-
ings of the foot rest dangling from her ank
andin full view of the ngers Wesner gash
across the platform to the cart, closely followed
by the old man Cromwell, who pau just long
enough on the way to knock down a big Hoosier
who thought to stop him. He brought Grega’s
revolver with him, remarking that he felt safer
with it In his posseasion than if he had left it with
the marshal hs

“Train ready—all aboard!” It was the con-
ductor's voice. The locomotive gave a few spas-
modiec coughs, one by one the cars started and
slowly crawled out of the station.

Grega and Shaughnessy lay where Cromwell
left them.

Lucey was hurried into the cart and whirled
northward at the rate of ten miles an hour
while the old man Cromwell knelt at her feet and
filed away at the shackles

To be continued.

“I cannot,” she

 

BRISTOL, TENN.-VA,

Its Peculfar Situation in Two States Now En-
gaging the Attention of Officials.

* Bristol, partly in Tennessee and partly in
Virginia, is a bifurcated American town, the
affairs of which have recently become the cause
of a controversy between those two States.
Bristol, by the Federal census of 1990, had a
population of 6,226, of which number of in-
habitants 3.324 were in Sullivan county, Tenn.,
and 2,902 in Washington county, Va. Bristol
is not only on the State line between Tennessee

and Virginia, but the boundery line runs through
the main street of Bristol, with the result that
a person on one side of Main street may be
in sunny Tennessee, and the other in “the Old
Dominion,” a condition of affairs which is
especially satisfactory to individuals desir-
ing, for one cause or another, to elude the vigi-
lance of the police authorities or to evade t
unwelcome visits of the tax gather r or license
collector, a

There are other towns in the United States
on or near State boundary lines, but nowhere
a town as large as Bristol, now claiming a popu-
lation of 10.000, partly in one State and partly
in another, Recently in. Washington, Gov.
MeMillin of Tennessee and Gov. Tyler of Vir-
inia held a conference to decide the future
ate of law-breakers who now and then find
their way to the town and are quick to take
advantage of its peculiar geoaraphical position.
It is this tendency on their part which has
rompted the conference between the two
Rtate Governors

Bristol is not only on the State line between
Tennessee and Virginia, but on the boundary
line of longitude which separates Eastern from
Central time. Accordingly there is an hour's
difference in time between the two sides of
Main street. Jt is a well established principle,
stoutly upheld in the South, that each State
is sovereign not only in the regulation of its
immediate affairs, but in the protection given
to persons permanently er temporarily within
its jurisdiction It would be a grievous vio-
lation of law and usage, therefore, for a Tennes-
see constable, for instance, to pursue a male-
factor across the State line into Virginia and
arresting him there and attempt to take him
out of the State of Virginia without a requisi-
tion sianed by the Governor at Richmond,
And in like manner, it would be considered
a great breach of amenity for a Virginia eon-
stable to molest a fugitive Gom that State
who had taken refuge in Tennessee

The problem which the Governors of the
two States have to determine has been rendered
no easier by the fact that serious difficulties
of a political character separate the town of
Bristol. In the election of 1806 McKinley car-
ried Washington county Va., by a substantial
majority over Bryan, w He Bryan carried Sulli-
van county .Tenn., by a large majority over
McKinley. The Tennessee aK: or Bristol ts
under Democratic control, and the Virginia part
of Bristol is under Republican control he
city has two Mayors with limited jurisdiction,
and there is no practicable legal way whereby
the two divisions of the town, even though they
go to make up one city, can be organized under
a common government without _an alteration
of the State line itself, Bristol. Tenn., is gov-
erned by laws made in Nashville, Bristol Va.,
is governed by laws made in Richmond. As
a temporary palliative measure it is now pro-
posed to established what {s known as a board
of police, having eoual authority. within the
town of Bristol on either side of the State line.

 

THE DECORATION DAY PARADE,

 

A Few Things Noted, and a Few Remarks, by
a Veteran Who Stood on the Sidewalk.

“Some people in the crowd,” said a Civil War
veteran who looked on from the sidewalk at
the Decoration Day parade, “thought it was
strange that the G. A. R. was not applauded
as it marched along, everywhere along the line.
One man said that they were the men that saved
the country and so preserved Republican in-
stitutions, and all that sort of thing, and we
ought to take off our hats to them, and so on.
But as a matter of fact along where I stood,

ple didn't cheer the Grand Army at all.
Rey cheered one or two companies of Zouaves,
but that was because the Zouaves were pictu-
resque and caught the fancy, Everybody al-
ways liked the zoo-zoos, and they like them still.

“And then people applauded a battalion of
boys from some big institution, who marched
very well indeed, and who certainly had the
most curious company formation that I ever
saw. In every one of the companies of this
battalion they had on the right of the line not
the tallest, but the shortest boys; instead of
decreasing in size from right to left the files in-
creased from right to left, and the effect of the
exact reversal of the ordinary method certainly

was very strange. Where I was people ap-
plauded the regiments of the National Guard

as they marched past. My! but they were a

ood-looking let, those New York regiments;
they looked \ike real soldiers. and like good
troops, too. The regulars, too, to be sure,
got applause the same as the National Guard
regiments. The regulars it seems to me,
are made up of better men now than ever,
but, without anything but praise for any of
them, T would like to say that I never saw as-
sembied in any military organization a finer
body of men than marched in the battalion of
engineers

“But no applause for the old vets; and I
don't know that I'm surprised at it. The fact
is that the Civil War was a generation ago. and
the majority of the people living to-day have no
actual realization of it at all. The yousess
people now living are interested more in the
things of to-day To them the Civil War ts
historical, and they want something contem-
poraneous, and I don't blame them a bit.

“The veterans of 1812 are all gone; but plenty
of people will remember when there was quite
a little body of them left in New York. ow
the War of 1812 was quite a war. And yet there
never has been a time when theWar of 1812 was to
me anything more than historical in its interest.
It was before my time. I could see the old
yeteruns of 1812 go by on ee cay of their anni-
versary celebration and reg their passing
as but an incident of the day, and a small in-
cident at that. And 1 suppose the feeling of
the present generation must be something like
that about the Civil War. It was a big war, the
Civil War, a ripsnorterina, but it Was some
time ago
. “and that attitude is all right. People don’t
spend their lives poring over the past; they live
in the present, and look ahead, as they should,
but every old vet, asi | as he lives, will be
proud in his heart that he had the honor, in hjs

day, to serve his coun'ty,

THE BARROOM sToRY.

It Begins im Any Sert of Fashioe, but It Hasn't
Yet Been Finiahed.

Ever since the first barrom was opened there
has only been one barrooom story, and that
has never yet been finished. With localites,
names and dates 4 discretion, it runs on broken
lines that never reach a station, and, when
reproduced, is something like this:

Rep Jaca—Speaking of queer things, when
Jones used to keep that place on Twelfth street
where Dittenhouser has the undertaker’s shop
now--—

Loxo Jim—There ain't no undertaker’s
shop there now. What are you talking about?

Suck Sam—Jones never kept a place on
Twelfth street. His place was on Fourteenth
treet.

Rep Jacx—I know what I'm talking about,
When Jones kept that place——

1ono Tom—You're both wrong. Jones's
piace was on Thirteenth street. I remem
ber when it was burned down. I was there
with No, 18,

Rep Jack—You pever b'longed to Engine
18. You were going to echool at the time I’m
talking of.

Lono Tom—I tell you I was there with that
engine, and the proof of it te—

Bio Mrxzz—Let the map tell his story.

Lowo Tom—Right a ere; I stand cor-
rected.

Rep Jacz—Well, to resume my reminis-
cences, or, in other words, my interesting
narrative —

PincHInG Pergn—Ob, take that dictionary
out of your throat.

Bro Mixs—For goodness eake, give him a
chance to speak.

JocuLaR JaxE—Good evening, gentlemen!
Who's treating? I'll take whiskey.

Rep Jacx—You're welcome, Jake, to the
best in the house. I was just about to tell
these Indians what happened on the night
of the big fire, wh °
Fh stent, Und wine nove Ae Place on
weave t koabas ALS marie ¥ olan ae
1 hate to drink whiskey, because when I do

1 can't go to sleep.
Jocv JaxE—-And I hate to ap to aleep,
vy ager: Wear

because when J do I can't dri
C | aioe Army Lassiz—
Muke—Don't ivok at me; i.
weenie Take the War Cry ts ee
8.
Bra Mixe--I'd be afraid

Lassie Oh, fle! A giant and afraid!
I

 

1G MIKE—And, like most married men,

a sinner.
vASS1B- Repent! Remember that sin can
never enter the Kingdom of Heaven.

Bio Mike--Oh, yes, it can. The very firet
on the list of the seven deadly sins entered the
Kingdom of Heaven long before the creation
of Adam. Lucifer was the first sinner.

Lass1E— Ah, but don't you know what hap-
pened to Lucifer?

Bic Mike--Of course I do; he was bounced
by_my namesake.

Danby Dan—And ever eince the Micks can
down the devil.

Lassie--May heaven forgive you all' (Exit.)

LEARNED Lanry—Mike, you should not
talk that way to those Salvation people. You
may think that they are foolish, but, at all
events, they appear to be sincere and they do
@ great deal of good In the line of charity.

ANDY Dan~—So they do. I knew one lady
who joined the Salvation Army and she was
about as good a woman aa ever went to church
Well, there was a fellow who worked in the
neighborhood where this lady lived, on Staten
Island. We used to call him Schnapps. He
was well known in all the saloons. fie was
a wild fellow and lived all alone ina little old
shanty on the beach, long before there were
any Raines law hotelsthere. Well, this lady
fancied that Schnapps was aad and lonely in his
little hut on the beach. But she was mistaken
for the fellow was as happy as a lark. One
Christmas eve when Schnapps was panting
her place, she called him in and made him
present of a splendid big pum pudding. She
was a kind-hearted English woman, and. na-
turally enough, abe thought that nothing could
be more acceptable to hngnpe than a plum
peddipg for stmas day. poenpe thanked

er eloquently and started off with the big
puddiag under his arm. He lug it about
irom saloon to saloon until he got tired carry-
ing it. He did not dare to put it down on achair
or place it on @ table use he was afraid
that some of the Wood Road boys would steal
{t. So he determined to hide it. &t. Johns
Church in Clifton street was building at the
time. Schnapps went straight into the church
grounds and groped in the dark along the
unfinished walls until he found a cunning cor-
ner for the pudding. He stowed it away.
“There'” said he. “the devil wont find it now.”
Then he returned to the nearest saloon where
he remained until 2 o'clock in the morning.
On his way home he slipped into the chure
grounds again, but he couldn't remember
where he put his pudding. After a long searc
he gave it up and made up his mind to call for
it in the morning at sunrise. Well, he did
come for it at sunrise and Hunted high and
low for that pudding, but he couldn't find it,
That night he tried again with the same sa
result, and during five long years afterwar
every night when Schnapps was on a toot
he never failed to call in at St. John’s Church
to look for his puddir One night--

PINCHING PETE. The angels ate it.

LEARNED Larny--No, but they threw it out,
and the devil flew away with it.

Danpy Dan-~ Never mind about the devil.
You never saw him.

I've been

LEARNED LaRRY-~-I didn’t, hey!
pulling him by the tail all my life.

Dandy Dan-Well, one night in the fall,
about seven reere after Schnapps had put bis
pudding in that church, there was an awful
storm. It blew down half the trees on the
Wood Road. The thunder roared, the wind
yelled and the lightning blazed. Schnapps
came out of one of the gin mills. paying no
more attention to the storm than a duck would
pay toa dictionary. He was homeward bound,
on a dead beat to windward. He needed the
whole road for himself. When he came in
front of St. John’s Church, then finished com-
pletely, he thought it might be a wise thi
to make one last attempt to recapture tha’
lost pudding The lightning, every moment

ave him a chance to see. tween the flashes
his eyes might as well be shut as open. Sud-
denly~—usually |! ntalpg comes that way-4@
bolt came down bent le him and, instead of
knocking him flat on the ground, it fi him
ten feet into the air and planted him on
fours by the side of the stone that he imme-
diately recognized as theone alongwde of which
he had cunningly placed his precious pudding.
That stone was in a corner, and in that corner--—

PINCHING P&TE- Oh, get bricks.

JocuLaR JAKE-That'’s a puddin’-headed

story.
Bio MigE~ And there is no raisin in it.
Danpy Dan Will_you let me finish
PINCHING Pers - We can see your finish.
Rep Jack- You fellows give me a pain {io
the head. I waa going to tell you about the
night of the big fire, when Jones kept that
place on Twelfth street, At that time-
Big MIkk~How long was that before the
night of the big wind?

OCULAR JAKE--You say you have a pain
in the head? I can give you the boss cure.
Just you take a common cabbage leaf and put
it iP your fee a — eer hese

gp Jack--That might cure your ,

LEARNED Lakky— ure! Simsha stmilibua
curantur!

JocuLaR JAKE -Don't you chuck any of
your Shakespeare at me.

LEARNED Lanry- That ain't no. Shakes-
peare; that's Parkhurst.

JOCULAR JAKE--What, the doctor?

LEARNED Larny--Aye, the or.

JOCULAR JARB I 6 it all back.

Rep Jack. Well, to begin my corr, tae
wee Jones kept that place on Twelfth street,

tween

INCORRIGIBLE CON--Between Righ Bridge
and Hollyoke, where Barney McAloone kept
the cockpit

Rep Jack I'm not talking about Barney
McAloone. I was just saying when Jones kept
that place on Twelfth street

LaNDLORD- Come, gentlemen, it is time to
close up now Take a drink’ with me. I'll
be pleased to see you to-morrow evening.

Cooling Water in Nicaragua.
From the New Orleans Times-Democrat.

“That reminds me,” said a railroad man, who
had been a listener, “of the pradeve method of
cooling water in vogue in Mexice and Central
America. The principal is perfectly simple,
but there is a certain knack about the thing that
I have never known a white man to fuliy acquire

. When a native in one of broiling hot lit-
tle villages of interior Nicaragua wants to cool
some water, she fills a half-6 m earthenware

 

jar about two-thirds fu Parenthetically 1
say ‘she.’ because this is a task t requires
more energy than any 6 Nicaraguan was

he jar is of

ever known to possess, é
| baked clay, and, not being glazed, is partially
| porous and soon becomes moist on the outside.

Ryo leather straps are firmly attached to t

neck, and, seizing these in her hands, she be-

gins to rotate the jar swiftly in the alr. The
mouth is wide open but centrifugal action keeps
the liquid from flying out. The average native
woman is frail and listless {n appearance, but
the endurance which they exhibit at this sort of
calisthenics is marvellous. It {is about the same
as awinging Indian alubs, and I am afraid to say
how long I have seen them peep it up. leat you
might se¢ me down as a prize liar. (Generally
the lord and master lies in one corner of their
‘jacal,’ or hut, smoking a cigarette and watching
the operation langu' i: When the woman
thinks the water ia sufficiently cool she stops
with a dextrous twist of the wrist, and hands
him jar. Usually he tai a Pp.
growls out. 'Moocha calora!’ which is native
patois for ‘blamed hot.’ ape ahe ns again,
patiently describing pin is. I have never
made a test with a coe. werd eepure
you they can reduce water to tem-
perature of a very cool mountain spring.”

GREAT FIND AT CNOSSUS,
MYCENBAN CLAY TABLETS AND 4

Writing Six Hundred Years Older Than the
Greek Alphabet Preserved in Many Speci-
mens — Palace Perhaps Bailt for King
Minos by Deedalus—Roomfals of Records,

From the Atheneum,

It is now six years since I was able to announce,
in the columns of the Atheneum the existence
in Crete of a system of writing long anterior
to that of historic Greece, and at the same time
distinct alike from the Pheenician and from,
the “Hittite” script of Anatolia. The materiale
upon which this conclusion was based were
chiefly supplied by a@ series of seal stonea,.
presenting groups of characters of both the
pictographic and the linear class, Bubdsequent

researches in the island, continued from 1804

onward, greatly added to the data previously

collected and culminated in the discovery in”

 

 

the Dictawan Cave of Zeus of part of a steatite

libation table of Mycenwan date, containing
an inscription consisting of nine similar char
acters cut in the monumental style. :

But it was to Cnossus, the city of Minos, and
Deedalus, the traditional centre of the early
Cretan civilization, that one’s thoughts naturally
turned as the spot where the fullest evidence of
the existence of this ancient system of writing
would most naturally be forthcoming. Already.
in 1804 I had been able to copy a three-sided
seal stone with linear characters frorn this site,
and subsequently I obtained three further indie
cations pointing the same way. Certain bl
moreover, were visible on the hill of Kephale
here witb curious signs upon them, already
noted by Mr. E. J. Stillman in 1880, and which
if not actually taken from a current alphabet of
syllabary, at least appeared to be the work of
men acquainted with a form of script.

Mycenean pottery had been known to occu?
on this site, and various abortive attempte had
been made by Mr. Stillman himself, by Dr,
Schilemann and others to secure it for excavae
tion; but these had all failed, owing to the ime
possibility of coming to terms with the pro»
prietors of the soil n 1806 | obtained possese
sion of part of the ground, which was in joint
occupation, and after encountering difficuiuies
of every kind I at last succeeded, only a few
weeks since, in securing the remaining part of
the site, and aided by the (retan Exploration

and with the concurrence of Prin
eorge's Government at once proceeded to
set about its excavation,

The results already obtained have mone
than confirmed my most sanguine hopes.
the more general results it is impossible to here
gay more than a few words. The building
itself is certainly a palace of Mycenman .
indeed, it may be confidently said that ont
whole site, so far as it has been excava
hardy a scrap of ansthing later than the grea
days of Mycenm-—or, to give an approximate
chronology, the fourteenth century, B. C.-
has yet come to light. For the fresco nte
ing and stone carving of that period the ree
mains excel anything of the time yet found
on the mainland of Greece. The royal bathe
room, with ‘ts central throne, preserved like
a piece of Pompell, shows a luxury unknowa
to Mycenm itself. But of even greater intere
est than these artistic relics is the disco
in several of the chambers of the palace
clay taprew, generally more elongated in fo!
but otherwise the perfect analogues of the
cuneiform tablets of Babylonia, only engrave
with records in the Mycenman script.

The tablets themselves are oblong slips of
hand-moulded clay, flat on the engraved side,
with almost adyve-like ends, but thickening
toward the centre of the back. rer vary
inlengthfrom about two to nearly seven inches,
and in breadth froma half tothreeinches. As
in the case of the Chaldean tablets, lines ee
ruled at intervals for the convenience of the
acribes, as one of the largest examples shows
eighteen of these, a certain yroperwss of t
lett blank. The most usual type consists
two lines, or even a single line of inscription
written from left to right lengthwise along
the tablet, but some of the broader tablets
have the lines arranged across their narrower
diameter.

Owing to the

at conflagration, of which
there are eve te h

re traces within the palace
walls, and su quent disturbance, the
jority of the tablets are found in a broke
condition; but in addition to those that, im
spite of these causes, have remained in’
P will no doubt be ultimately possible to pu
together many of the pieces. The deposi:
have now occurred in several chambers
corridors. In one case the tablets had
laced in a clay chest in the form of a bet
Pn another room they seem to have

Conan "lop

served in wooden coffers,
ments of which have come to light, tos,
ther with their bronze hinges, and evel
were

the clay seals with which snag
still bearing the impressions 0
cenman geins.

It would be premature, while the discovery
is so new and while fresh material is daily accuse
mulating, to express any detailed views asta
the character and affinities of this name
script. Several signs are clearly identical with
the linear forms already sporadically found on
Cretan seals and vases of the same peri
Numerous comparisons, also, at once sug
themselves with forms of the Cypriote sy
bary, as well as with |.ycian and Carian ch
ters. It is evident from their mere
aspect that a certain proportion of the signs
are ideoaraphic in character, while others are
unquestionably numerals. Mary formulas are
constantly repeating themselves, and these
moreover, vary according to the chamber ia
which they are discovered. From t
tition of numeral forms and certain ag
signs that occur in association with them,
seems probable that many of the tablets refer
to stores and palace accounts. Thus, in one
chamber occurred a whole series of ta
with figures of Mycenman war chariots, horses
heads, shields and, apparently, cuir
which had evident reference to the
Others show metal vases--doubtless of
and silver- presenting various forms, and
a long-stamened flower, perhaps pro motive gt a
dye or perfume. Ships, houses, seve
of animals, and many other objects appear
the same manner. A certain number of
tablets have indorsements and additional ine
soriptions on the back. Those with hea
Spe intervals begween these and the rs
the inscription give the appearance o
spondence, containing, it may be, the titles ob
Minoan princes and officers.

These palace archives of Mycen Cnossus
not only prove to demonstration that a
of writing existed on the soil of Greece a
six centuries before the introduction. there
the Pheenician alphabet, but they show thas
already at that remote date this indigenous
system had attained a most elaborate deve
ment. These inscriptions are the work of
tised scribes, following conventional m:
and arrangements which point to long tr
tional sage. Yet this development has been
arrived at on independent lines; it is neither
Babylonian nor Egyptian, neither Hittite nor
Phernician; it is the work on Cretan soil of an
Eaean people. It is the fitting product o
country to which all later Greek tradition |
back as having supplied the earliest mode!
civilized legislation. There is, indeed, an atmee
aphere of legal nicety about these docum
themselves, the effect of which is enhanced
an interesting particular as to the method
which they were originally secured. It was
thought sufficient for the official con
with their safe keeping amply to im) wi:
his signet gem the clay seals that made sure
coffers containing the tablets. While the
was still moist both the impression of the in
itself and the back of the seal were in se
cases signed and countersigned with in
characters in the same Mycenman script.

Antuen J, Evans,

 

THE STRUGGLING YOUNG AUTHOR,

Meditating Now a Publication of His Owm
{n Which to Print His Efusions.

“I am not discouraged,” said the struggling
young author, “not a bit, but if it keeps on this
way, much longer I shall have to establish @
publication of my own, in which to print my
effusions; and I am not so sure but what thas
would pay as a business proposition, quite
apart from the pleasure that I should derive
from It of seeing in its pages my own matter
in print. For I should imagine that a public
cation written all by one man might at least
attract attention; whether it should hold it or
not, depending, of course, on the quality of the
matter

"That, I suppose, would have to be very good
or very bad. the commonplace, as we know,
wont do. Perhaps ? should kill this venture
from the start by lack of originality, though
{t might be conceded that I would not have to
struggle very hard to get, not among the very
pad writers, but among the very bad, whose
work attracts scarcely less attention,

“At any rate I could with very little labor
and for a long time to come keep the new paper
supplied with copy such as I had to offer from
among my rejected manuscripts.”

Memorial Flowers Upon the Sea. '
From the St Lowia Globe- Democrat.

Los ANGELES, Cal., May 24.- Memorial Day
will be observed ina novel manner in many of
the coast towns of this State this year. Mre. A.
8. C. Forbes of thiscity recently sent a ciroular

letter to the superintendents of schools at
the coast towns, suggesting thatafter the
exercises the pupils march to the seashore, a
there, with 4 ptt dg ceremonies,
flowers upon the water, as a memorial to
sailor dead and those who have found

in the ocean She also addresged the

tate
Superintendent of Public Inatrifction the
same subject. He cordially appro’ the
plan, as did nearly all the city superin

and it will be generally adopted,

engraved Mye >

VF