—

Bn”

Ta: ds
TF fe
os

bi ay

i
ee)

MS OD
¥
i

‘

a

by) ae

a

;

ne ¥
1

3
«
Be
g

at
5
"4

te ie
hy

Ps

hp iM

a

Pes

eee eT ee

EEE OO a

ee ee

=

sare

 

 
 
 
   

 

THE NEBRASKA MAN NOT A FRIEND
Or “THE PROLETARIAT.”

Bermer Bryan Leader of Brooklya Tells at
Length Why He Abandoned His Friend
From The Platte--The Fallactes of the Free

Bryan All Wrong on Trusts
Takes the Wrong View of Militariem.
It was announced some time ago that Eu-

gene V. Brewster, who was one of the original,

unconditional Bryan Democrats in these parts
during the campaign of 1:90, had deserted

Bryan, repudiated the Chicago platform and

declared himself for Debs and Harriman, the

candidates of the Social Democratic party for

President and Vice-President. Mr. Brews-

ter's change of political faith was not accom~-

plished without some pangs over the severing
of old ties and, incidentally, without some
thing of a family row.

Mr. Brewster is one of those men who is in
politics that he may battle for a principle.
Bryan's course since 1896 and the changed con-
ditions have convinced him that the election of
Bryan and putting into effect the declarations
of the Chicago platform would be a severe blow
to the principle for which he stands the better-
ment of the condition of the common people,
the proletariat, as he loves to call them, This
may seem strange, but Mr. Hrewster has opin-
fons to support his contention, He thinks they
are unanswerable, and he has found many men
to agree with him. In the library and studio of
his home at 366 Monroe street, Brooklyn, Mr.
Brewster told a reporter of Thr Sun why he had
felt constrained to transfer his support front
Bryan to Debs.

“It is true,” he said, “that I am against Bryan
in this campaign. I hated to throw him over,
but I had to do it or be falke to myself. of
Bryan,the man, I am as fond as 1 am of my own
brothers. I thought over the matter for a long
time, came to a conclusion and then announced
ft, without having consulted with any one or
told any one beforehand what I was going to do,
The firat my family knew of It was whenthey
vead it in the newspapers. Then the leat the
atone became uncomfortably warm for this sea-
my wife is devoted to

my We

 

 

aon of the vear, You see,
Bryan, She thinks he is a lovely man and a
great statesman She is President of a women’s
Bryan Club here in Brooklyn and is doing all she
can to help the Bryan cause.

“When she heard that I had concluded to give
my support to Debs,she made a few very forci-
ble remarks and informed me that henceforth
the house would be divided against itself on
political questions and that I could go my way
while she went hers. The house hasn't fallen
yet, although I have heard it rumored that we
were to separate. These rumors don't bother
either of us in the least so long as we know
they're not true. Buteafter I had reckoned
with my wife I had to reckon with my mother
and brothers. They live down at Bay Shore,
L. I., maintain a more or less extensive estab-
lishment and their sympathies are not at all
with the common people. When they found
out that I had gone over, hook, line and sinker,
to the proletariat they raised an awful rumpus
and sald I was not of them,

“I simply mention these things to show that
I didn’t give up Bryan just for the fun of the
thing. Had 1 wanted to get along as easy as
possible, I would never have let it be known
that I had changed my Views, no matter how I
voted. But the fact is, I feel that the common
people in these days need all the help they can
get, Their canse is my cause, their betterment
my mission. Because I have beoome convinced,
after much thought and study, that the elec-
tion of Bryan would be a calamity to the prole-
tariat, I must, if 1 would be honest, withdraw
my support from him and give ft to a man
whose election would really benefit the com-
mon people. That man is Debs. Therefore, T
shall do all that I can to secure his election ”

“How many votes do you think Debs will
poll?” asked the reporter

“If Bryan be the candidate of the Kansas
City convention, as T have no doubt he will be,”
was the anawer, “Debs and Harriman will poll
nearly a million votes. If, by some trick,
Bryan loses the nomination, and somebody of
the Cleveland-Whitney-Hill type of statesman
be put up, Debs will poll many more than a |
million votes,”

“How large a vote do you think Barker and
Donnelly will poll?” :

“I do not think that tieket will eut much
figure in the election. There is no reason
why Populist Democrats should not support
Bryan. There ia no reason why radical Pop-
ulists should vote for either Bryan or Barker.
Bryan represents comparatively few of the views
of radical Popitists. Barker and Donnelly may,
but they can't come anywhere near as close
to being elected as Debs, who stands for nearly
everything favored by the radical Populists.
Therefore, when a majority of these come
to think it over, they will see the wisdom of
voting for Debs rather than Barker.”

“Well, if Debs polls a million votes and Bar-
ker some and the Socialist Labor folks some,
all of which votes will be drawn from Bryan
r thet than McKinley, how is Bryan going to be
elected?” asked the reporter.

* NO CHANCE FOR BRYAN.

“Flected!” exclaimed Mr, Brewster, “Why,
Bryan don't stand the least possible show of
being elected, At the election of 1896, Bryan's
vote was a little over 6,000,000 and McKinley's a
little over 7,000,000, This, I mean, of course,
was the popular vote. Bach will lose some of the
votes this year which he polled in 1896. There
will be some Democrats who will vote for Bryan
this year who voted for MeKinley [{n 1896,
Mighty few Republicans, however, will desert
their candidate, and the maiority of the Gold
Democrats will vote for McKinley. But many,
very many, of the Democrats and Populists
who voted for Bryan in 1896 will vote for Debs
ee year. Therefore, how can you figure

ryan as having any chance of an election?

And when you come to think of it, seriously
honestly, why should Bryan be elected.

6 appeals particularly to the common people.
He will admit that. At least, he doesn't in
the least appeal to the ‘classes,’ and it wouldn't

io him any good if he did. Now let's see what

ryan stands for. He stands, first, for all he
6tood for in 1896, including free silver. Besides
these, he is against trusts and against what he
calla militarism or imperialism. Now let's
see whether those things which Bryan favors and

poses are, or are not, for the best interests of
the common people, or to be scientifically cor-
rect, the prolitariat.

BRYAN'S HARD TIMES CURE.

“Take free silver first. Notwithstanding
what Bryan says, you and I and the rest of
the American people know that that issue is

beyond the pete of resurrection

ut suppose itian't. 1n.1806 Bryan insisted that
ree silver was a cure for financial depression
or hard times. If it was a cure for hard times
en, it must be a cure for the same ill now,
ut there isn't any hard times to cure. The
country never enjoyed, in all its history, such
wonderful prosperity as it is enjoying to-day.
806 Bryan appealed to the workingmen,
ie, e common people, by iterating and reiterat-
the argument about the free and unlimited
nage of silver compelling a rise in prices,

@ insista that free silver is as much an issue

this campaign as it was in 1896. As the

 

 

| ion of the common people, would he have
any higher prices than prevail to-day? He
Cannot convince a single wage earner that
anything which will produce arise in the prices
of necessities can be a good thing for the man
who toils. With prices as they are at present,

‘an, in order to catch the labor vote, must
ure it out in some way that free silver will
to lower prices.
t again rvan declares that free silver
uble the volume of money and hence
louble the prices, popording to his quantitative
. Now if th

be true, it is also true
ital of this country is invested

   

in machinery and commodities,

free ia to double the price of all

rene, how on earth is free silver going to bene-
t the la’ man who has to have and

all these hermore, suppose we admit

that free sflver means rising prices. Everybod:
knows, therefore, | suppose Bryan will

t It, the rate of wages Is always the
last price to rise, I would like to know when
labor is going to get the benefit of ver

and how muoh more of the higher priced necesasa-
ries the Jaboring man will be urchase

can no
man canand [ don’t believe an can.

with his increased wage.
ene tro} ¢ 2 adv
“Another s argumen an
in 1906 in favor wise Was it wo
borrower

han the money- der. “We're now ring
to find out, free
to ‘bansdt’ the plain hardworking,” commoa

8 pla:

poome. herefore t how mes pertinent
or us to ask, Is the wage-earner a -bor-
Trower or a money-lender? He can't wall

be a money-lender and stil! be age-carner,
because the statistics show that” e wage-

Seldom if ever makes an a bare
. But if a man can't than
6 living, he oan't be  money-borrower to any
extent. oretf ia neither
@ borrower nor a@ lender, w is free

ONIONS tL al i Jona nedt:

 

: BREWSTER TALKS OF BRYAN |

| that he !s opposed to all wars,

  
  
 
   

to him?
ver going to be of Sy fue i Maybe
ow T think we've gone over the
free-silver arguments of 1906. If they we!
I th = +a financl
. Sl
soheme which vas good for the common peo-

ple then, it’s just as good for the common peo-
e now. But I think you will agree with me
hat we haveraised serious doubts as to whether
it is of any use whatever. Now, as a matter
OE Tee tan reer ts the middle lene
people at all, He represen e mi
6 farmer, perhaps, although this is very
doubtful, with the prosperous times now en-
joyed * the farmer—and the smail trades-
man, This middie class is almost as far re-
oved from the common people as the capi-
istio . Their peculiar needs are not
ar needs of the common people,
the toilers, atall. Therefore, why should the
common people support their eandidate any
more than the candidate of the capitalistic
class? As between the two, the toilers might
much better support the candidate of the capi-
talists, because they would then be voting
in favor of a continuance of the present pros-

perity and a continuance of the privilege of
earning a fair living underthe present wage
system, which, of course we consider wrong. But

ryan {9 as much in favor of that as McKinley.
BRYAN'S FALLACIOUS TRUST THEORIES.

“Now let us consider for a moment some
of the new isues of this campalgn, some of the
things which Bryan pppoane. Take the
trusts, for instance, which Bryan is reported
to have said he considers the most important
of all issues. He says that trusta are an evil
and should be abolished or regulated accord-
ing to a scheme of legislation which he haa
worked out. If he had thought and read 4
little more deeply on the subject, he woul
see that he cannot command the votes of the
proletariat by advocating the destruction
or the curtailing of trusts. We love
that ameliorationofthe condition of the com-
mon people, their salvation, in fact, Is the
extension and fosteri ng of all trusta until every
enterprise isin a trust and the nation is min-
ning them all. Therefore, when our geome
come to understand this can no better
support a man who would destroy or regulate
trusts than they can a man who advocates
free silver. Let me explain.

“The trust is an evolution of commerce. You
can no more destroy the trust than you can

ut a stop to the evolution of the human race.

‘ow, the greatest trustin this country is the
trust which controlathe handling of eae
which for the time being we will call the ¢
Office Trust. Before the time of Cromwell,
farmers, or citizens of England who had horses
and travelled frequently to some town car
ried the mails for their neighbors a a price
agreed upon between them. Ini Cromwell's
time a man named Hill conoeived the {dea
of one person or company. carrying th mails
for overybudy in Engiand. He consolidat
all the {Individual mail carriers and form
the first trust—a Post Office Trust. Then the
Government took the job from Hill and gov-
ernments have carried the mails ever since,

GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP PROBLEMS

“Now, why shouldn't this Government take
hold of other enterprises and run them? We assert
there /s no reason, but we admit that this can
only come after years of development and
education, It will all come around fn time, and
by and by this Government will be rminning
the railroads and the telegraph as well as the Post
Office. That will he the next step, and from
that. one utility will be taken up after another
until this Government will be conducting all the
enterprises which to-day are under the control
of trusts, Then the enterprises of the country
will be all in one great trust, with the Govern-
ment as the great trust baron

“But,as I said, this can’t come in a minute.
There could never be Government ownership
{f there hadn't been first trusts, such as we
have to-day, Therefore we regard the trust
as it is a development, an evolution in our
social and economic system, Any attempt
to annihilate or regulate trusts ia to retard pro-
gress, We don't want fewer trusta, but more
of them, We want so many that in the end
not a few capitalists but everybody will be
making money out of a trust, and by every pee?
I mean the common people. _ Then we will have
the ideal commonwealth. Everybody will be
obliged to work. There will be no rich and
no poor, and classes and masses will be merged
into a ‘brotherhood of man,’ which will make
possible the federation of the world.

“Debs stands for all this, the only practical
scheme for improving the condition of the
masses, If he can't bo elected this year, as
he probably can’t, then the best thing for the
common people would be the election of McKin-
ley, because that would better subserve the
end we would accomplish, because it means
the further development of the trust and the
continued evolution of our economic system.
The election of Bryan would mean nothing but
to retard the cause of the common people, If
Bryan believes in eliminating waste and in doin,
away with useless labor, what does he wan
to destroy trusts for, which are doing this just
as fast as they can, He finds especial fault
with trusts, because, he says, they arbitrarily
raise prices. Therefore he favors one thing
and ts against another which, according to his
own statements, must accomplish the same
thing. In the name of common sense, what
does he want, higher prices or lower prices?

BRYAN’S ANTI-IMPERIALISM 18 BOSH,

“Now Brvan says he is opposed to militarism
or tmperialism, which is equivalent to sayin
So are we, bu
we have a good reason for opposition to militar-
ism or expansion or imperialism--all these
terms jean the same thing—and Bryan's reason
fe bosh. The without-the-consent-of-the-goy-
erned theory is nonsense. [f we had made
our history on that theory, we would never
have been the nation we are to-day. Now the
reason for our opposition to imperialism is
sound and scientific

“Secording to the present economic sys

| tem the wage of the employed is not sufficient

to buy back all that he produces. Therefore
the difference between what is produced and
what is consumed by all classes is surplus,
If our industries are to be maintained a mare
ket must be found for this surplus, But if
we can’t consume all we produce thenthe
market must be found outside the country.
Any territory we acquire by forceof arms or
otherwise means more markets. But more
marketa means, not the increase of the wages of
the toilers but the maintenance Of the present
wage system, whose abolition, we hold, is the
great load stone around the necks of the common
people. Therefore, we are against imperial-
ism, or militariam, or anything else which
will bring us more territory. The one
tion of more territory simply means adding
strength and power to capitalism.”

The man who thus proclaimed his reasons
for deserting Bryan has had a not uninter-
esting career, He is not yet 85 years old, and
was born of wealthy. parents at Bay Shore,
lL. 1. By the death of his father he inherited
a moderate fortune, much more than he should
have according to his views of economica
and much more than he will have in his ideal
commonwealth, After being prepared for
college, he entered Princeton with the class
of 1888, taking a special course. He sang in
the ‘Varsity Glee Club, played on his class
baseball and football teama and was substi-
tute right half back on the ‘Varsity football
eleven, Leaving Princeton in 1890, he atudied
law, was admitted to the bar and has now a fair
practice and an office at 26 Court street, Brook-
lyn. He {ts something of a musician and, in
his leisure hours, does a little painting in olla,
and on the walls of his library, which is also
his studio, hang many of his own canvases,
He isa vachtsman, owns his own yacht, and
is Commodore of the Point of Pines Yacht Club,

Stage Driver and Passenger,

From the Lewiaton Evening Journal.

“The only passenger I took out last Saturday,”
says the Martin's Corner stage driver, “was
an old lady who told me two or three times
that she was goin’ out to visit her daughter
Lindy. She was such a real nice old lady that
T reckoned IT wouldn't smoke, for I was afraid

| that the smoke would blow back into her face,

| There are some women that ride with ye that
ye feel like askin’ if they jest as soon ye would
smoke. But somehow I reckoned that she was
too nice an old lady. But I did want to smoke
dretfully, At last we come to the long stretch
of woods—a lonesome place and a long drag up
hill. A few whiffs do take the edge off the lone-
someness there in re shape. I couldn't
stand it any longer turned round to the nice
old lady

“ ‘Marm,’ says T, ‘don’t make no bones about
tellin’ me right out if you object to smokin’.
But {f rou don't think it would bother you too
much I'd like to light up for a few minutes.’

* ‘Why, bless your soul, young man,’ said the
old lady, ‘why hadn't ye said so before? I've
been hankerin’ for a smoke myself for the last
tew mile, but I hate to smoke before’men folks
that don’t ure it themselves, But them that
smoke iinderstand how it is. Light right up
and I guess I'll have to trouble ye for a match.’

“She reached down into her bag and pulled
ont at T. D. and we filled our pipes and T never
had a more comfortable smoke and ehat with
any one in my life than Idid with the old lady,”

John Howard Payne as a Land Agent,

From the Chicago Timea-Herald

The University of Chicago received yester-
day a curious old document which is a relic of
the early history of Tennessee. P. B. May-
field, a lawyer in Cleveland, Tenn., was asked
recently to look over some old papers of Thomas
H. Calloway of that place, and in his search
found a document signed by Calloway and John

Howard Payne, the writer of “Home, Sweet
Home.” The was signed in 1842, and the
witness was Sam Coit, the inventor of the

famous Colt’s ver. ,

The document shows that Payne, who was at
that time A Consul to Tinis, was to re-
ceive one-fifth of profits made off a ce

  
  

‘SPREAD OF MORMONISM.

A GREAT MISSIONARY CAMPAIGN
NOW GOING ON.

Nearly Two Thowsand Young Men Now Mak-
ing Converts in America and Europe -
Canada a Good Field for Mermone- Brig-
ham Young's Prophecy--The Question of
Polygamy Settled, Says Bisbop Bunker.

San BeRNarDINo, Cal., May 28.—“The Mor-
mon Church is enjoying a most marvellous
period of gromvth,” said Bishop Joseph Bunker,
the foremost Mormon in southern Utah, who
isnow here. “It is#engaged in:the greatest mis-
sionary labor ever undertaken by any religious
body. On Feb. 1 we had 1,623 young men
employed exclusively in parts of Europe and

America in.Mormon misaionary work. Some 280

more young men were almost ready to start out

for two years as missionaries for the Church,
and the books show that\by July there will be
still 840 more who will go to Canada, Mexico,
and the Southern States on eighteen months
terms of service. By next January we believe
that we shall have altogether between 2,400 and

2,500 missionaries busy in the Church's cause.

The world never saw another missionary cam-

paign like it. President Snow of our Church

believes that by 1910 we shall bé able to send out
between 3,000 and 3,500 missionaries every
alternate year.

“The Mormon missionaries must follow the
methods of the Apostles of the first Christian

Church so far as possible, and some of our

youths make pathetio sacrifices to follow what

they honestly believe is the will of Heaven.

They leave their ranches, their herds, mines,

stores, professions, and.go out from their homes,

leaving wife and family, to any part of the world
the Bishops may direct. They accept no pay,
ask no alms, take up no-collections, and main-
tain themselves at their own expense. They
get nothing from the Church at Salt Lake, and
they must pay all their expenses from their
own pockets. To dethis they must either have
parents behind them, or work a year and preach

a year. Many of them have to borrow money

from Utah before they get home. They are,

{n a sense, martyrs to their religion.

“There are probably no other missionaries
so hostilely received as the Mormons. Our
missionaries come back to Utah with tales of
the way they have been mobbed, rotten-egaed,
spat upon, hooted, and drenched with boiling
water in respectable, God-fearing towns, where
they tried to preach the faith of the Latter-Day

Saints. The missionary elders are as a general

thing from 20 to 35 years of age, have had good

educations and have had careful religious train-
ing in the Temple at Salt Lake City. They
have been educated in the common schools of

Utah, which we believe stand fourth in the

United States. Our missionaries thrive on per-

secution, even if it is sometimes hard to bear,

and the growth of the Church speaks for the
weal and power of our men.

“The most successful missionaries we have
sent out during the last few years were trained
particularly for their work from the time

they were 12 years old until they were 23.

Not a day in all that time went past

without areminder that it meant preparation

for the work of going forth to preach Mor-
monism to the Church. Their feats of memory
concerning chapter and verse in the Bible
and the Book of Mormon are extraordinary.
They have been required to memorize rules
and doctrines of the Church, until each young
man is a walking encyclopedia of Church his-
tory and the revelations of their prophet. In
their regular services at home every man is
required to take part in public worship until he
becomes a apeaker able to stand and talk with-
out embarrassment. In their Sunday schools
the childran are required to give recitations,
commit to memory certain writings of Church
authorities, and read and re-read from the books
of the Church until they are thoroughly grounded
in the faith and are able to expound it to the
gentile world,

“Three of our finest missionaries were students
at Yale, Cornell and Williams. Elder Riswick,

a wonderfully clear and very scholarly exe

pounder of Mormonism, took a prize for literary

excellence at Harvard a few years ago. His
father is a rich cattle man, and he gave all his
eleven children superior educations in Eastern
colleges. Elder Riswick {s a foremost opponent
of polygamy in the Church, and his words and
influence have powerful effect. He has been
preaching and laboring in Maine and Nova

Scotia for two years, and the number of con-

verts he makes is something astonishing.

“Elder Forrest, who became prominent in

1898 by his opposition to the nomination of

Roberts to Congress because he was a con-

feased polygamist, is said to be one of the first

religious orators in the country. He has the
same oratorical simplicity of speech and homely
directness of filustration that made Lincoln
the forcible speaker he was. He was born in
England, and went to school at Rugby. He
happened to pick up and read a Mormon tract
one day when he was in Liverpool, and he went
and called upon several Mormon missionaries
there, He was convinced that ours was the
true religion, and joined us. He spent several
reste at Salt Lake preparing for his missionary
abors, and at his own expense and amid in
sults, adversity and tribulations he has supported

himself and preached our religion since 1892.

Once in Philadelphia he was struck down by a

woman with a brick, and he nearly died with

concussion of the brain, but he was spared to
become a stronger, more zealous and devout
worker in the Lord's vineyard. I only mention
this now to show that we ure not all so illiterate
and superstitious as our innocent traducers in
the gentile world often say.

“We believe that our faith is the most reason-
able of any, and if our bright missionaries can
only get the ear of serious peor’s they can
make converts. We. believe also that our faith
has been blessed more than any other religion.

For an evidence of this see how we have been

prospered, wonderfully, marvellously and be-
yond all precedent. There were fewer than

5,000 Christians at the end of the first century

afier Christ, and only about 70,000 at the close
of the second century. We have now at the
close of the seventy-f{fth year after the Divine
revelations to Joseph Smith at Palmyra, N.
Y., more than 280,000 Mormons in America
alone, in full fellowship with the Church, and
there are 122,000 Mormons in other parts of
North America, Europe and Australia. Last
year the Church added about 22,000 names to
its rolls, and it was the best year we ever had.
Brigham Young said in 1850: ‘We shall num-
ber more than a quarter of a million souls be-
fore this century is out, and we shall, under
God's guidance, have half a million members
in the United States alone before the true
Church is a century old. Then our children will
control all the West, and the Latter Day Sain
shall be the exalted of the earth.’ This ia one o
the extraordinarily correct prophecies of our
holy leader, that make us believe he was truly
inspired by God. We firmly believe the Mormon
membership will be increased about 30,000 during
the preeens year.
“Where are we having our Greatest successes in
garnesie new members? That question was

iscuased for several days at the recent seven-
tieth annual conference at Salt Lake, Reports
from missionaries in every part of Europe,
except Turkey and Italy, from forty-four Ktates
{n the Union, from the South Seas, Australia,
Alaska, Mexico, Brazil and South Africa, were
read, and then the discussion began. Opiniona
were pretty evenly divided between Canada
and Scandinavia as the most fruitful regions
for Mormon missionary activity. We have had
thousands of converts in Scandinavia, but I be-
lieve that wa gain most in Canada of any region
inthe world. There areabout 300 Mormon mis-
sionarles— not 3,000, as was recently printedin the
newspapers now at workin Canada. Wehave
7,000 members in the Provinee of Ontario, and
have done almost as wellin the extreme north-
ern towns of the Province of Quebec, In the

Northwest Territory we have a flourishing and

beautiful Mormon colony known as Alberta,

We believe it will be a second Salt Lake. It is

the central colony of the State of Zion in Can-

ada, Dozens of other little colonies have been
and will be located around about Alberta
just as Brigham Young so wisely locate
colonies throughout Utah within easy access
of Salt Lake, We propose to make Alberta and
its environs gardens and beauty spota in the
bleak and arid and dreary Northwest

_ “The Mormons have done wonders in irriga-

tion in Utah, Idaho and southern Colorado, and

well exceed those wonders in the Alberta

country. A great canal thirty-two miles long {s

being dug by the Mormons to earry water to

87,000 acres about Alberta, and the building

operations there in 1800 aggregated over $200,-

000. Many Canadian newspapers have waxed
eloquent in their denunciations of our colony
away off at Alberta, because it is alleged we
pro to foree by political power polygamy
on the law books of the province, But nothing
could be more absurd. We have positively

polygamy as a Mormon institution

cal of w was to «ell in E. '
roenar and other tote countries Canada a > ol ler provinnee that ta
Lae Ultad Staten oe ene Cher ich was ceded | the tides of the ocean.

‘okee In .
fete poate ake | eB KH
eave in gran end Government there

af it for yao | of any in Europe toward
Spree in steps document Perna wen Ao | Yes the fre voasery in Birops at rene
” a to bors, an coenany Bends

af
a
a

 
  

T : -

 
 

ve great wealth and.
sisreraas anf Tae ee
the old country ° be qt
bits of what the New ( urch an ove é
spiritually and materially. A a
brought others, who in turn have gone ac!
to Scandinavia and made new converts. o
“Our missionaries generally have their
teat success in large cities, and we have
ately transferred many of our elders laboring
in rural communities to large cities where
the missionaries say they have more than
they can attend to. There is good reason
for this difference between city and country
successes, The faith of the Latter Day Sainte
appeals tothe miserable, the poor, the oppressed
and down-trodden more than any other ‘belie
since the early Christian Church, The Gen-
tile faith is all spiritual and has its onl roward
in the other ilte. We believe all that, an
we believe that Joseph Smith and Brigham
Young were told by Heaven how man ¢ con-
dition here on earth might be cheer and
made preparatory for the joys of the here-
after, We believe that religion and @ means
to support one’s family go hand in hand, and
that a man’s piety {# not complete unless he
takes care of tis wife and children, So Brig-
ham Young and the early Mormon leaders
taught us how to use God's gifts to the support
of the human race, and how to make poor,
shiftless men and women financially better
while we taught the way to Heaven. So when
our missionaries come across poor, hungry
d women in the tenements

drunken men an "
of the cities they plan for their hysical bet:
terment aq well as their spiritual welfare. A

us n almost always carps at our
Palle fon and has his jones about pire) wives.
A , poverty-stricken man ‘ m
will listen, toe nigsionary who haa a scheme

for his welf: here on earth as well as in the
it > ’
et eee of how Mormonism inculcates thrift

and industry reminds me tg say that Mor-
mon religious services are often spent in dix-
cussing the profit there may be in rowing
a new variety of grain, or arowing fruits or
vegetables, Irrigation and schemes for the
betterment of the Church are frequently talked
ver in the Sunday services, I used to hear
igham Young speak, in lieu of a sermon,
upon the pro r fodder for Mormons to grow
in Utah, t fort of bulls and heifers to buy
and where and how to get the all-essential
irrigating water from the mountains to the
7. acres in the valley. Brigham Young
used to say that thrift was practical piety.

“I bave spoken of our surpaseing new Mor-
mon colony at Alberta, in Canada. We have
another and ounaer colony in Sonora, Mexico,
close to the Rio Grande and twenty miles from
the United States boundary line. Juarez
is the nearest Mexican Post Office. The Church

8 A concession for some 55,000 acres of land

here in payment of a maininoth lriga ing
canal the Mormons are to furnish to the lands
from the Rio Grande, There are many con-
verts to our faith who cannot endure the coid
climate of Alberta or the altitudes of Utah,
and who want to live in a Mormon cofperative
colony. That helps the Sonora colony. There
are some 6,000 Mormons in Sonora now and
we shall have many more there before the
year {s over,

“There are no plural marriages sanctioned In
any way by the Mormon Chureh nowadays.
The young people in the Church will not tolerate
polygamy. I have twenty-seven children and
not one of them favors the plural marriage idea.
It is the same way in many families know. The
manifesto of the Church when the Edmunds law

assed Congress forbidding polygamy was an
onest law of Christian, God-fearing men,

“Iwasapolygamist. Yhadthreewlves. One
ie dead and I support my two surviving wives
with que care amid equal environments. I
married my first wife in 1853, and in 1860, after
weeks of thought over the doctrines ofour
Church, I came to the conclusion that I should
marry my wife's cousin, a forlorn maiden lady
who had no one to provide for her. My wife
and I prayed over it, and I took the cousin as
my second wife. Three years later 1 married a
widow with two children, at the request of my
two wives. I was a cattle ranchman and we
lived at St. George, Utah, then. I had three
cottage homes, each the exact counterpart of
the others. The houses were about a third of a
mile apart. I lived a month in each home and
was always careful to give to no wife more at-
tention than to another. The wives went back
and forth, visited with one another, did family
sewing together and did church work in har-
mony. On Sunday my three wives and 1 were
together in church, §o careful was 1 not to
show favor to one wife and thereby hurt the
feelings of my other wives, that I never let any
wife ride on the front seat with me on those
drives to and from meeting. My children
called their own mother ‘Mother,’ but the other
wives in the family ‘Aunt.’ There were family
Jara oncein awhile, but they were no more pum-
erous than in monogamist families.

“Very few children who have grown upina
polygamist s home ever want to have a similar

ome, The Scandinavian Mormon women
seemed to be better satisfied with plural wives
thanany other womeninUtahdid. The Ameri-
can women, especially those from New FEng-
land, revolted most at the law of the Church,
but they gradually yielded to the doctrine,

“I have heard that there are about fifteen
hundred men in Utah who still have plural
wives. I know of several hundred who have
two and three wives. One man in St. George
has four wives and over thirty children, I am
proud to say that we who have plural wives are
enporting our wlyes and little children as in
former days. I would rot in jail before I wonld
cast off or desert either of my surviving wives,
T married each in good faith forty years ago. T

romised to love and cherish each as long as I
ived. Each wife has been a help and a cheer to
me and a Christian mother to my children It
would be dishonor and share to desert either
now, andI wont doit. Whilelamgladwe have
stricken polygamy from our Church books, and
I hope it will never even be proposed again, I
will stand by my promises to my devoted aged
wives. That's the way Mr. Roberts and all the
Utah polygamists, except few radical old fool
Mormons, look at polygamy. The Fastern edi-
tor who says that the Edmunds law is secretly
and commonly violated in Utah tells an un-
truth.” 5

Do you believe that the world will eventu-
ally all beeome Mormon?”

“No, I do not Some Mormon apostles he-
eve that sincerely. I believe there will always
be different religions. I think all religions
must have some good {fn them or they would
not be believed. The Mormon is the best and
true religion.”

“How about the statement that the Mormons
are trying to run Utah politically?”

“That is not true. We do not pretend to tell
people how to vote. We try to separate church
and State. Brigham Young taught this, and
all our teachings have been in this direction.
We heve Mormon Democrats and Mormon
Republicans. Our principles provide that when
aman is an officer of the Chureh he should ask
the advice and accent the decision of his fellow
officers of the Church as to whether he should
engage in outside business or politics, Tf these
things are to affect his work we should know it
One of our twelve anostles, for instance, haa
lately been engaging in real estate speculations
in Idaho. His business has kent him away for
six months at a time. He could not go where
he waa sent among the Church branches or
States and subordinate organizations into
which the Church is divided. There is much
for our elders to do, and it is necessary that such
action should not be interfered with hy outside
matters, Another apostle was paying atten-
tion to politics. He wanted to be a candidate
for Governor. How could he perform his po-
{tical and* Church duties at the same time?
Our principles are that such matters should be
referred to the anostles in council, and that the
action taken should be for the good of the Church.
Another thing is as to the wards or districta
{n which the members live. We provide that
no member can leave one ward or church to
be received in another unless he has letters or
can show he waa in good standing in the ward
he left. These things aro spiritual, however,
and not political. I have said that Mormoniam
demanda constant self-encrifice and heed for
me genera! good of the Church and all who be-
ong to it.”

 

A FRENCH BOW TO AMERICA,

A. G, Spalding Wins All Points Contended For
by Our Athletes.

After a very profitable fortnight, {nthe inter-
est of American sports, spent abroad A. G,
Spalding, the American Director of Sports
for the Paris Exposition, has arrived in
New York and resumed his troublesome de-
tails at home. What he accomplished {n
Paris is remarkable and is likely always
to be somewhat a matter of history. He
is the first man who ever succeeded in having
the Continental Sunday habit watved in favor
of the prejudices of American athletes. Notorly
will the American college and club athletes get
a chance to compete on equal terms on Satur-
days instead of on Sundays, but practically
every other point contended for by Come-

missioner Spalding was conceded How
wisely and how well he had labored
Mr Spalding did not know until after
he had returned and learned that hia protest in
behalf of the intercollegiate association had
resultedin a charging of the dates for the
athletic championship games sothat there will
be no Sunday contests, The new dates fixed are
July 14, 17 and 19,

A twenty-five-mile Marathon road race has
been added tobe run on Saturday, July 19. A
valuable prize will be given to the winner. This
event was added at the especial request of Pres-
ident Babbe of the New England Association to
give the American long-distance runners a
chance to compete agninst the world

‘The standing high inmp and standing
broad jump were added to the pro-
gramme also, and the petition of the

William Barry Association to havea Gaelie foot-
ball competition between their team and some
other not yet selected has been granted) Mr
Spalding brought with him favorable informa-
tion for the amateur athletes that are going
over as to the height of and the number of
hurdles in each event and the obstacles and
number of same in the steeple chase, the kind
of hammer that will be allowed in the throwing
competition and other information that will be
translated and published as soon as possible

Remember This—

When an_ advertise something of real
ue to dispone the drat t ‘
a sing columns with eet Hn wee

8,

now A
ANCIENT MARINER TELLS
GooD CREW WAS SPOILED.

— a

Captain Had “Got Religion” and Tried New
Methods on Shipboard, but Had to Retura

to the Old Knockabout Practice Before the
Voyage Around the Hornto ‘Frisco Was Over
“Are sailors knocked about as much as is
generally supposed?” repeated the Ancient
Mariner, “'No, I think not.” And the old man
reached for his mug of ale and drank slowly,
putting it down with a sigh of satisfaction
“Sailors! is just like other people; some are
bad, but the most of ‘em ‘ave found out by
tryin’ that they is more comfort’ble w'en they
does right, And if the sailors does right the
hofficers is most always glad to ‘ave ‘em keep it
up an’ wont steer ‘em off their course by abus-
in’ of ‘em needless.
“Of course sailors ain't Sunday school chil-
dren. They've been used to rough words an’
rough ways all their lives an’ don't understan’
nothin’ else, Ifanhofficer is too soft spoken
an’ don't make ‘is men step about lively they
s00n loses respec’ for ‘im an’ then ‘e ‘as trouble,
“Onct ina while some feller wot ain't fit fo
‘erd pigs gets to be an hofficer an’ takes hadvant-
age of ‘is hauthority to see ‘ow bad ‘e can treat
a crew, but I'm glad to say such ain't plenty
“Wot sailors suffers most from is the mean-
ness of owners. Good, ‘ealthy food, a dry
fo'c'stle with a fire w’en it’s cold an'a place to
dry your clothes in a long spell of wet weather
ain’t much W’en you ‘ave ‘em, but they seems a
lot w'en you ain’t got ‘em, an’ few owners per-
wides even that much. Sailors is natural growl-
ers an’ the best way to ‘andle ‘em is to be fair,
but at thesame time keep ‘em full of the idee
that you're in charge an’ hintend to remain so,
“T onct see a good crew sp'iled by bein’ made
too much of about twenty years ago when I
sailed as A. B. ona v'yage from New York to
*Frisco in the ship Winslow, Capt'n Jobn Davis.
1 j'ined ‘erin the stream with the rest of the
crew an’ for three days we was ‘ard at it
bendin’ sails, settin’ up riggin’ an’ gettin’ ready
fursen. Our mate were a feller named ‘Askell,
an’ it were plain from the first that he were a
driver. It were ‘Get along there, you swab!
Now, then, you Dutch swell ‘ead, don't be all
day with that watch tackle!’ an’ such, about
every minute.
*"E kep’ the men on the jump all the time ‘an
cert'’nly gota lot of work out of ‘em an’ for two
days the capt'n, bein’ busy ashore gettin’ ‘is
clearance papers an’ such, didn’t pay much
attention to ‘im. Nowitseems the capt'n ‘ad
been a purty lively man ‘imself all ‘ia life, but
‘ad been took with reeligen wile ashore from ‘is
last v'yage, an’ like most men who ‘as been
used to bossin’ things ‘e jumped into ‘ls reeligen
just as ‘a ‘ad been used to jumpin’ into every-
thin’ else; with both feet ‘ard an’ fast in the
mud an’ ‘is riggin’ flyin’ in the wind,
“On the third day 'e come aboard an’ told
the mate to get ‘is ‘aweer ready for the tug wot
would be alongside at 4 o'clock, an’ w'ile we
was gettin’ it for’ard ‘e stood lookin’ on ‘an
listenin’ to wot the mate wasasayin’ to the
men, Some of the mate's remarks was not
wery perlite an’ all at onct the capt'n spoke up
an’ sez, ‘Call ‘all ‘ands aft, Mr. ‘Askell, I've a
word to say to'em.’
“The mate ‘e looked a bit surprised, but of
course give the order an’ we all got aftan’
stood about the matin caps‘in wile the old man
stood in the for’ard doopof the cabin an’ sez:
“Men, I've been a wery ‘ard, wicked man
all my days, none more so’ (it are strange

wot big idees of their own  doin’s
reeligen gives some folks), ‘but I've
been brought to see the foolishness of

my ways an’ I hintend to do different. It
are my tdee that a ship should be ‘ome
for the sailor an’ that ‘e should be spoke to re-
spectful an’ give a chance to learn of the
biessed word of God. ‘An',’ says ‘e, turnin’ to
the hofficers who stood out one side by them-
selves, ‘it are my orders that no bad langwage
be used on this ship, an’ that the hofficers shall
apeak pleasant an’ respectful to the men at all
times All’ands will come aft at 8 bells in
the mornin’ an’ we will ‘ave prayers an’ readin’
of the Bible, an’ on Sunday I will preach yea
sarmon. Now, I want all hofficers to under-
etan’ that there shall be no knockin’ about of

the sailors an’ that every man ‘as to be called
by ‘is proper name an’ nothin’ else, Thatis all,”
sez ‘e ‘turn to’

“Well, sir, 1 don't know who was the most
took aback, the sailors or the hofficers The
fust mate looked at the second an’ said abad
wordto ‘imself, The second mate scratched ‘is
‘end an’ looked at the bosun, who looked at ‘im
an’ growled, ‘We will cert'nly ‘ave an’ ‘ell of a
time with the men, sir.’

“Right vou are,’ sez the second. "Blowedif I
ever flggered on actin’ as second mate of a
bloomin’ Sunday school.’

“Well, sez one old sheliback aa we went
for'ard, ‘Il ‘opes we get better @mb on this
‘ooker than w'en ] wasin ‘er three years ago,
If ‘is reeligen does that for us it'll be somethin’
We used to ‘ave tosit on the ‘ard tack to keep
{t from walkin’ over the side '

“The tug come alongside about 4 o'clock
an’ by daylight next mornin’ we was boomin
along ander all sail with a good breeze just aft
o' the beam At 8& bells of the mornin’
watch all ‘ands was called aft an’ the capt’n
read a few varses from the Bible an’ prayed a
bit, an’ at 2 bells In the afternoon watch, It
bein’ Sanday, we was again got aft, an’ the
oldman told usto find seats for ourselves on
the mizzen ‘atch or anywhere about the deck
‘andy to‘im, ‘E‘ad a board rigged on top of
the caps'in to ‘old ‘is Bible, an’ 'e began witha
prayer. Then'e read all about a feller named
Joseph wot ‘ad been shanghaied from ‘is own
country by ‘is brothers into Hegypt w'ere ‘e
was made catin boy to the King

“It seems Joseph were a good ‘and to work,
an'the King soon took a shine to ‘im an’ in
time made ‘im 'isfust mate. ‘E ‘ad a soft lay
an’ got along nicely until the Queen got took
with 'm an’ madeit so plain to Joseph that 'e
up an’ told ‘er to quit. worryin’ of ‘im. Of
course the Queen were djemiogsed an’ she put
up a job on Joseph, tellin’ the King that ‘is mate
was a wicked man an’ ‘ad insulted ‘er, an’
pon that the King put ‘im in irons an’ ‘ad ‘im
locked up. W'en the old man ‘ad read all this
eshut up the Bible an’ give us a big talk.

Men,’ sez'e, ‘I've picked this yarn out
from song all the others in the Bible to show
you that them in hauthority is always glad
to find a good man Now, if Joseph ‘ad
gone about with a growl in ‘is mouth
e never would ‘ave got to be fust mate,’ sez ‘e,
ookin’ at the men, ‘an’ if w'en 'e got to be fust
mate 'e ‘ad begun ‘ittin'them Hegyptians over
the ‘ead with belayin’ pins, an’ ‘ad called the
cook a dough-stirrin’ swab, an’ ‘ad chucked the
stewardess under the chin an’ tried to kiss ‘er
wien ‘e thought no one ‘ad an eye ow ‘im’ (an’
ere “'e looked ‘ard at the mate, who got red an’
hanary lookin’) ‘e wouldn't ‘ave ‘eld ‘is job as
long as 'e did. An’ w'en ‘e got into trouble ‘a
never would ‘ave got hack into hauthority
again as ‘e did in the end, as I wil} tell ye about
next Sunday

Now,’ sez 'e, ‘I want ever$ man in this
ship's fo'o'stle to feel that ‘ean be a fust
mate if ‘e will attend to ‘is duty the best 'e
knows ow; an’ ITwant every man t> come to
me w'en '@ ‘as anythin’ to complain of an’ I
will see that ‘e ‘as ‘is righ's An’, as I've said
befcre, the hofficers of this ship must treat the
men for’ard decent. There ‘as been some
things said an’ done since we sailed that I've
said nothin’ about, ‘as we'ave ‘ardly got our
sea legs on vet, but from now on it must be dif-
ferent An’ if there's any man in this «hip that
feels the spirit of God movin’ in ‘iman’ needs
henlizhtenment, let ‘im cometo me. That is
all to-day,’ sez ‘e, marchin’ into the cabin

It bein’ Sunday, we didn't ‘ave to work, an’
so fell to talkin’ about Joseph an’ ‘ia doin’s
w'en we cot for'ard. Old Jim Andersen didn’t
think much of Joseph. ‘'E must ‘ave been
wrong in ‘is ‘ead,’ se7z_'@ ‘Not that it were
foolish for ‘im to stand off the female. Consid-
erin’ the way the King ‘ad treated ‘im ‘e would
ave been most hongrateful to ‘ave done ‘im a
wrong; butit were the way ‘'e went about it
Any one wot knows the jibboom from the
truck knows that nothin’ makes a woman han-
erier than wot 'e did to'’er, Now, why didn't
‘e, w'en ‘@ saw Wot Was up, give ‘era nice, soft
talk about ‘er bein’ too ‘igh an’ noble for ‘im to
look at, an’ keep ‘er from speakin’ out plain to
im, Wich no woman will do as long as there's a
chance of amansavin’ ‘er the ahame of it, an’
stand ‘er along on that tack for awhile, an’
per’aps the King would ‘ave seen ‘ow it was
without bein’ told, wich of course Joseph
couldn'tdo  Butto speak out the way ‘e did
after wot she ‘ad said—well, 'e were a galoot!’
Bill Johnson didn't agree with'in ‘That
King were, per‘aps, kind to Joseph, but ‘a were
a dongh'ead,’ sez e ‘No man wot amounts to
anvthin’ would allow ‘is wife to ‘ang round an-
other like that. Tt are plain Joseph w'n't no
sailorman, A sailor wouldn't ‘ave waited for a
woman to do the courtin’, but if'e found one

; wot was as fond of ‘im as that foolixh female

was of Joseph, 'e would cert'nly ‘ave"chased
y Ns a
that King ont of the ‘ouse an’ merried ‘er rin ad

ae!

“That Hegypt must be a great place for
women,’ ‘ewenton. ‘A feller onct read me a
yarn about a chan named Hentony who run
reross a ell down the e wot became so took
with ‘im that he offered ‘im ‘erself an’ all ‘er
belongin’s, w'ich were considerable. Now, ‘a
didn't wit scared ‘an run away, an’ makin’ er
ashamed of ‘erself, Not much! ‘E were a
soldier man, an’, though I don't go much on
solders, ] must say ‘e ‘ad stuff in * ‘E puts
‘is arm around 'er an’ pulls out ‘is eword an’

 
  
  
 
 

a  — aa
Sasa eer eign eth et aaa ceca eS AEE a Rap ec ernment ste Ls ae pa Stein ene ini Sg ee i a a ea aaa ae
ci =

  

    

waves it “an’ sez: “My ae! tan’
last Mo ells the rest of world!””

. t's the of a man I likes to see.
W’'en 1 was in bou abouta year ago
widder wot run a boardin’ ‘ouse there wan
me to—’

"For ‘eavens sake, Bill,"don’t tell ug that
there yarn , sez Jim Anderson, ‘we're
only out two daysan’ I'm blamed if I don't
know it by oot .

* Well,‘ sez Jack Williams, a little sawed-off
Englighman, ‘I'm glad the old man ‘as men-
tioned to that there mate that'e must let up
on callin’ us names. I wasa'coilin’ down of @
brace last night an’ lookin’ up aloft at the same
time, tryin’ to see if the buntlin’ stop on the
royal were busted, w'en ‘e comes along an’ s@2:
“Wotare Ru lookin’ upintheair for, you fat
‘eaded duff bag, do you think you're one 0
them bloomin’ hastronermers? Keep your eye
on your work!'"’

“The next time ‘esez anythin’ like that to
me I'in a goin’ to ‘ave it out with ‘im,’ sez 'e,
awellin'like a balloon, I'll give ‘im the la

"You'd best ‘ave your laff fust, then, like the
feller wot tried to throw the bull over the
fence by ‘is ‘orns,’ sez I, '

"Well, sir, that crew w'en we sailed from
New York, was as lively an’ able a crowd as
ever walked, but by the time we ‘ad been out &
week they was the most good for nothin’ set
you ever see. It were not so much the reeligen
tself as it ®ere the interferin’ of the old man
with the hoficers. An hofficer must ‘andle the
mon under ‘im ‘mself an’ it are only w'en 'e
‘ave showed that he can’t do it that capt'n
should hinterfere, Lat a crew, once see that a
capt'n ain't back of ‘is mates an there's no doin
anythin’ with ‘em

"It were surprisin’ to me that our old man
should ‘ave so little sense, No ship ever fur-
nished better grub an’ no crew ever ‘ad a easier
time; yet it were growl from mornin’ till night.
The old man were kept busy lookin’ into the
complaints they made. The bread were too
fresh, the meat were too salt, the coffee were
weak an' the water were stale, An'the hoffi-
cers were nearly crazy, I could see murder in
the mate's eve w'en 'e looked at the men,
“'Starb'd main brace’! ‘e sings out, ‘Come
on there!’ sez ‘e to a couple of fellers wot
was loafin’ along be'ind, ‘don't go to sleep
walkin'!’

“'The battle ain’t to the swift or the race to
the strong,’ sez one. 4
ne that is last shall be fust,’ sez the

other.

“The old man was atanding by and the mate
didn’t dare to ‘it ‘em but ‘e was hangry enough
to oust, ‘This v'yage ia just begun,’ sez ‘e,
‘but before we're through with it the old man
‘Il come to ‘is senses an’ then I'llshow you
a few moves.’

“Things went on in this fashion until wewas
well round the ‘Orn an’ it got so it were almost
himpossible to wet anything done, The hoff-
cera were that disgusted that they only at-
tended to the sailin’ of the ship an’ let most
everything else go. The decks, wot would ‘ave
been holystoned w'ite an’ clean, was black an
dirty; the chafin' gear was ‘anging from the
riggin’ in atrings, an’ altogether the shiplooked
like a ‘Geordie’ ne

“By this time the old man ‘ad begun to get
tired of it. The sarmons an’ prayers went on
just the same, but'e ‘adn't so much to say to
the hofficers, ‘Is remarks were more to the
men; an’ the night before Thanksgiving Day
‘e sez to the mate: ‘Mr. ‘Askell, I'm afraid I've
made a mistake tryin’ to do too much for
the sailors; they ain't used to bein’ treated so
well an' don’t onderstan’ it.’ 4
“I'm sure vou ‘ave, sir,’ sez the mate. ‘Ree-
ligen are all right, but sailors need some one to
make ‘em step about.’ ’

Well’ sez the old man, ‘to-morrow 's
Thanksgivin' an’ I don’t wan't to sav anythin’
to ‘em until the day after, but then I'll ‘ave to
‘ave a talk with ‘em."

“The next day bein’ an ‘oliday we took it
easy. The old man ‘ad give the cook orders to
‘ave an extra good dinner an'I never saw, be-
fore or since, such a fine feed in the fo'o'stle of
aship. There was soup, plum duff with raisins
in it an’ a bottle of beer an’ ‘alf a pumpkin pie
for each man

“You'd ‘ave thought they would ‘ave been
well ple , but no, that wa'n't their style.
Some grumbled about thie an’ some about that,
but the mosrof ‘em seemed angry about the
pie. After dinner two of ‘em come bowlin’
along the lee side of the poop, an’ I, bein’ at
the wheel, ‘eardthe ‘ole thing They goes ur
to the old man who was walkin’ the deck an’
one of ‘em sez:

"The cook onlv give us arf a pie each, sir,
an'the men sent us aft to say we should ‘ave
an’ ‘ole one, seein’ it’s Thanksaivin’
'‘'T never was ina ship w'ere they only give an
arf a pie on an ‘oliday,’ sez the other

‘The old man looked at ‘em most a minute
without sayin’ anything an’ then ‘is face begun
to get red an’! could see ‘e was hangry
"Look ‘ere,’ sez 'e, in a voice that made ‘em
jump, ‘I've ‘ad enough of vour growlin’ on this
shipan’ it’s gottostop! Now, you hongrateful
scrubs, you get for'ard an’ tell all ‘anda to some
aft. I'ma goin’ to talk to ‘em about pie.’

“The men looked very much astonished, but
they went for’ard an’ sent the crew aft an’ the
old man got on top of the cabin ad’ give ‘em a
good dressin’ down, w'ich they was needin’.

**"T underatan,”’ sez.he, ‘that you fellers afn't
satisfied with the grub Zea ve ‘ad for dinner,
an’ I’ve cailed you aft. tosay that from this
time on you'll be fed on the Gov'ment hallow-
ance. I've done my best to please it, an’ all
you've done is growl from mornin’ till night.
"There ain't a man in this ship that ever see
plein a fo'e'stle in ‘is life before, let alone beer,’
seg ‘e: ‘an’ re you send aft to find fault. The
trouble with you fellers is that you've been used
too well; you've ‘ad too much to eat an’ too
little todo, an’ I’m goin’ totry you on another
tack awhile.

**'From this time on you'll get no watch below
afternoons an youn move about the decks of
this ship more lively than you ‘ave been doin’:
an’ if I hear one of vou hanswerin’ back an
hofficer disrespectful I'll put ‘im in irons. Now,
get for'ard,’ seze

“You never see a more surprised crowd than
that crew. They could ‘ardly_believe that it
were the old man talkin’ an'I could ‘ear ‘em
from the wheel mumblin’ an’ grumblin’ as they
went for'ard. The change from the grub we
‘ad been ‘aving were tough an’ I didn’t like it
myself, but I could see that the old man were
right an’ so said nothin’. The others sald
enough; they grumbled an’ growled an’ threat-
ened to mutiny, but they didn't

“The hofficers ‘ad fun ‘Mr Anderson,’ saz
the mate to Jim, ‘will vou be so kind as to step
this way?’ An’ asold Jim came creepin, along
the mate fetches ima kick that lifted ‘im afoot.
‘Get up there, you barnacled-backed§old duf-
fer.’ sez 'e, ‘vou run w'en I bark, do you ‘ear?’
“'Mr Williams,’ sez the second mate, ‘ you'll
be doin’ mea favor if you'll be so good as to
over'aul theakysail buntlin’, ‘ereisa bit of twine
to make it fast with,”

“Jack Williams reached out for tho twinean’
‘e got a cuff side of the ‘ead that laid ‘im flat on
ack. ‘Take that, you pigeon-toed soldier,’
sez the second, ‘ you've been a cheekin' me the
‘ole v'yage because you know I couldn't ‘it

  

    

 

yer!

“* An heve fer an hevean’ a tooth fera tooth.’
sez the bosun, as he was wipin’ up the deck with
Dutch Charlie

"Do good to them that ‘ates you,’ remarks
the tnird mate w'en ‘e gives a big Norwegian a
clout.

“An’ soit went, sir, for about a week, w'en
things began to aulet down; an’ by the time we
‘ad got up to the line you never see a better be-
‘aved crew

“Wich only goes to show,” conchided the old
sailor, ‘that reeligen area good thing for sail-
ora, but it must be applied proper.’

PESTS IN THE FRUIT ORCHARDS,

 

Birds Destroy Peach Blossoms and the Cater-
pillar Army Is at Work,

POUGHKERPSIE, May 27.—Fruit growers in
Ulster county have suffered considerable
loss through the invasion of their peach orchards
by thousands of little birds about the sive
of the English sparrow. The birds settled by
hundreds on each tree and picked out the
fruit. In some of the large orchards they practi-
cally destroyed all the peaches.
A few of the birds were noticed about the
peach trees two weeks ago and an examina-
tion made plain the damage they were doing.
They increased steadily in numbers until the
farmers, in defence of their property, de-
scended upon them with shot guns a
slaughtered them by the hundreds, tha
visitors resemble in size and habita the com-
mon yellow bird. They are a little larger,
about the size of a sparrow, and the male is
dark brown in color with a reddish head and
red on the tips of the wings. The femalea
are brown. The male has a call like an oriole
and the female birds twitter like swallows.
They have been driven away.
The fruit growers are now bending their
energies to fighting the forest tent caterpil-
lars which have moved down in multitudes
from the northern part of the State. It ia
too early yet to know fully the harm wrought
by these pests, but reports from localities
in the Hudson River Valley show that ther
have stripped the foliage from apple and peach
trees and that the omtlook is serious. Near
the old Boardman place, just south of this
city, there are thousands of these caterpil-
lars Just emerging from the webs which they
have formed in wild cherry trees. A person
driving inthatlocality several days ago counted
forty caterpillar nests in one small lot. At
Coxsackie the scourge has aroused the inhabt-
tants to fleht the foe with kerosene, using the
stiibs of old brooms to swab the trees with it
The Geneva Agricultural Experiment Sta-
tion advises spraying as the most effectual
remedy, giving the leaves of the affected trees
a thorough coating of Paria green, London
purple, green arsenite or arsenite of lime when
the young caterpillars are at work Jorring
is practicable with small trees, Give them
acuick sharp blow with a padded mallet which
will bring the caterpillars down in showers
To prevent their return and the coming of
restiess invaders from neighboring orchards
or forests a wide band of cotton wool or sticky
fiy-paper sheets covered with tar and oll should
he wrapped closely around the trunks, The
sticky substaness should be placed on «trips
of paper, not directl: on the bark, and should
be renewed when the caterpillars bridge them

 

 

Remember This—
When an advertiser has something at
dispose of, he frst goes to THE Stn'e adverining
eagas with it Razsely le he compelled to try further

    

ee

     

TWO RECORD FIREMEY

BOTH IN CONTINUOUS SERVICF
THIRTY-FIVE YEARS,

 

 

FoR

 

They Are Derry of 52 Engine and Grimy of
the Fireboat Havemeyer—Were Volunteer
Firemen in the Old Days—Changes They
Have Seen-—Both Men Are Active Still,
The honor of the longest continynys active

service in the New York Fire Departmen; is

shared by two men,Joseph H. Derry of Engine
52,'Riverdale, andJohn H. Grifinof Engine Cone

pany 43, the company of the fireboar \ iam F

Havemeyer at the foot of Ninety-ninth stroer,

Fast River, both first-grade flremen, ang both

appointed to the foree on the same day Sent,

8, 1865, the year In which the city’s paiq Fire

Department was organized
Before joining the paid Fire Dey intmong

Fireman Derry belonged to the old vy

ntna
department being in that organizationa y omen
of Engine Oe a he joined Jan. 18, 189) ¢ 4
Engine 14 wa8 a double-decker, bust hy Agnew
of Philadelphia, Tts house was on the pasg
side of Church street, just below Vesey, oooye
pying a lot in the land now covered by the

building containing the oMces of the corporation
of the parish of Trinity Chureh, at the ond og

St. Paul’s churchyard. The engine } ad there
a three-story house, the entrance boing on
Chureh street. The second floor was vised sop
a meeting room and the top floor for a bunk

room. In those days a fire company Wis likely
to have three classes of members, serving the
company in more or less different ways, bug
all with an equal pride in it and an equal zeal
in its interests, There was one party made up
of older men, also likely to be well-to-do, whg
= served out their time of active service iq
the company and were now exempt. The
there were the honorary members, who Ph
out when they felt like it, but were eure to pu
their hands in their pockets when the company
needed funds, as it might for one purpose and
another, even in a volunteer fire departmen
A new engine, for instance, would he tered
over to a company, finished in lead color: th
company would have {t painted to suit itenlg
There were various things for which mong
might be required

Then there was a class of active membe
who turned out from their shops or ae
business in the daytime or from their homeg
at night at the sound of the bell; alarms being
struck in those days on great bells whieh could
be heard throughout their respective distriotay
and a man liable to this active duty was suble@
to a fine if he did not respond to an alarm

And then there were the bunkers, men whe
slept in the engine houte, to be there and ready
to get the machine out promptly at any minute
of the night an alarm was sounded. The bunk
ers Were younger men, who worked in the neigh
borhood, who responded to alarms in the daye
time and who at the end of the day made the
engine house their headquarters, waiting there
for alarms and bunking in there at night. Manyy
if notall, of the exempts and of the active meme
bers of the company who did not sleep in thé

(house were in their younger days bunkers
In his younger days Fireman Derry, an eng roer
by occupation and employed in the nejg!bore
hood, was a bunker on old Engine 14, a8 hie wag
when the volunteer fire department went ou,
He had not yet had enoueh of being a fremar
and when the old department ceased to «xis
he joined the new, the paid department, being
assigned to Engine 6, then, asitstillis, lying in
Cedar street.

Engine 6 occupied the house that had been

| occupied by Engine 20 of the old volunteer dee
partment, Before the volunteer department
went out of existence there had been brought
into use {n it a considerable number of steaug
fire engines, which, however, with one excep.
tion, were drawn by men, the exception being
asteam fire engine that was also a self-propele
lor, the driving gear being attached to the rear
wheels which, jacked up when the engine was
standing at work at a fire, served then as hale
ance wheels. Fngine 6, in the paid depart.

tment, had at the outset of its career &
Pand-drawn steam fire engine that had been used
in the old department. There were, of cours
not men enough in the smaller company of the
new department—they used to have fiity men
in a company in the old days to drag the
machine and man the brakes—but they used to
pay out rope and the men of old 20 Engine, in
whose house the new 6 was now stationed, men
living thereabouts, with the fireman feeling st!
strong within them, and naturally enough ate
tracted to old 20's house, would rally onto new
6's ropes, and snake her along to the fire. | Rus
two or three months later, that is, in the latter

t of 65, 6Engine Company got a now ste"
fire engine and a pair of horses to draw t ang
it wasn’t very long after that before the last «
20's old men dropped away from thelr onc@
familiar stamping ground.

After eleven years of service on 6 Fnginy
Fireman Derry was transferred to 4 Engine, a
Liberty street, near Nassau, remaining there
for three years, and being then transferred to
Engine 12, William street, near Chambers,
where he remained for one year. From 13
Engine he was sent to 10 Engine, at & Stone
street, remaining in that company for nearly
twenty years, and until he was transferred, on
March 1 of the present year, to 42 Engine, at
Riverdale, where the work is easier, Asa mate
ter of fact fhis transfer was not in accordance
with Fireman Derry’s desire; he would bay a
preferred to stay in the thick of it: but the fire
authorities thought he had worked hard a long
time downtown, and he ought now to go uptown
and recruit. ‘

In his day Fireman Derry has seen not only
a great change in the methods of fire flulitings
but a great change in the character of the builde
ings, more especially of those downtown, an
ofthe uses to which buildings there situated
are wut. Inthe old times, the fire districts were
larger, and engines traversed greater distances.
With hand engines more engines answered to 4
call than do nowadays, when with more power
not so many are needed. In old times, with
buildings of a more combustible nature, ond
contents in many cases more inflanmahte, thera
were more fires; and so, take it altogether, ene
ginesturned out oftener than they do now

Fireman Derry said that in the volunteer das

artment he had turned out thirteen times !n

wenty-four hours, Up to and for seme time

time after 1885 there were at the lower end « f
Manhattan Island many warehouses in which
cotton, flour and oils were stored, almost all
of this sort of storage having now Jong sce
been transferred to warehouses on the waters
front in Brooklyn and Staten Island, Thus ‘1
the old days they used to have downtown it the
old city, cotton fires, and that sort of ting
Cotton bales, bound with ropes instead of stre
cotton ties, would burst open and crowd out
walls, and the cotton would tumble out inte the
street, Flower barrels, too, would bi and
their contents flow out, to be made into a pust@
ontop through which the water would rot 8%
the flour underneath still burning A
um

 

 

Fireman Derry has been to fires
without number, and to every fire of any"
count downtown within the past forty ¥ ”
and he has had his share of the dangers ©
a fireman's life, but has come through every
thing all right. He was born Mare) 4 1°
so that he has now some years behind buy
but he does not look his age, nor does he sho*

tin his actions. His general health has v4
n good. He is engineer of Engine 4%
he has served in the department as eneineet
since 1869. ;
Fireman Griffin, before Joining the sald
Fire, Department, also belonged to the old
volunteer force, having joined Fre. ;
Cedar street, in November, 1843. He | \rde
and was employed as a cooper, in that roe’
borhood and was a bunker on Engine 20») 2
at that time had a steam fire engine drown
by hand. Fireman Griffin served on Freire
20 until the volunteer department went out
of existence: and on joining the paid dey or'*
ment he was assigned to Pngine if, siiee
ouently, as now. at § Store street, but at 1)at

time located in Beaver street
In the early part of its service 19} ®
Company used a piang hand engine ta! d
belonged to the old department. young a
of the neighborhood nsed to turn in and p
the two officers and ten men of the new .
pany to drag the old machine to fires Aitet
about six months. however, Fngine 19 e0t
a new house at & Stone street and ane re
class steam fire engine, and horees to dra
After eight years of service on Engine 19
Fireman Griffin was transferred |) ’
Hook and Ladder 12, in West Twentiet!
serving in that company until 174 f
was transferred to Hook and | adder |. |
bers and Centre, the familiar firel 6
northeast corner of the City Hall Park fous
transferred thenee in 1878 to Hook ard de
der 10, Fulton street, on which coms a
served two years, until 1860. In that veer
he was transferred to Hook and Ladder ‘tb
125th street, between Texington and ‘
avenues, in which eompany he served
years, until 1800, when he was transferred
to Engine %5. 110th street, near
Here he remained until isos
transferred to Fngine Company 4 tlhe
pany of the Fireboat William | Havemeset,
whose berth is at the foot of Ninetv-ninth «roet
Fast River, and in this eempany he now
Fireman Griffin was born in iss4 bis we wral
health has always been good He n
ir OTANI,
ah
rd

 

wee at

when

t) fires, small and largwe almost
in varions parts of the city, has !
all the dangers of a fireman's experies
is still on regular active duty

There are now in the department a number
of men whe were appointed e@ few das rwrek@
earlier than the two men whese records ar@
here given, but there is none who haa serve
so long continuously, For example, of th
others, a man may have left the service f
a year, and then returned. Firemen
and Griffin hold the record of the longest
tinuous service in the department.

eon wir