SCHENES OF THE POWERS,

GLAND MUST MOVE
gs OF ENGLANI
ENEMIES “QUICKLY NOW.

e Soath African War Ex-

Bapid Cee ee Crisis -France Attacked
Home and Aiming at Morocco—Rassia

ee Saspicion in the — oe

Influence for Peace io

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

June 2.--The uneasiness and appre-

FLONDO ig those beat informed in regard to

pension among nf h ine

ational situation have

the general Unione past week, The rapid

— ot the war in — tends in
ee to hasten the c

womans has been quietly taking advan-

t British difficulties to improve her posi-

; +* and near in the East, now finds ft

aunt? to hasten the execution of any fur-
na she may have.
amie of the French Republic, who
calculated that the British army would be oo
ied in South Africa at least until October,
pe find the situation radically altered. It
must beadmitted that France has suffered a
rious loss {n the retirement from the Ministry
wrwar of grim old Gen, de Galliffet, whose
physical feebleness was unable to withstand
the insolent attacks of his country’s enemies.
The danger to the present Government is over
for the moment, but the attacks are to be
quickly resyymed and there is reason to fear
that they will soon take a more serious form
than riotous soenes in the Chamber.

The fallof the present Ministry would be a
calamity, but even its friends are unwilling to
predict for it @ much longer life. It contains
two men, Premier Waldeck-Rousseau and M.
Delcassé, who will guard the country, both
from ualtors to the Republic n@ from thoss
who seek to involve Franoe in foreign oompll-
estions which would precip'tate a war,

“There is reason to suspect, for instance, that
the Government withheld its codperation in
certain Russian schemes. The country would
almost certainly have been committed if M.
Méline or Hanotaux had been in power. M.
Waldeck-Rousseau fortunately has the Senate
almost svlidiy at his back, as to-day’s passage
of the Amnesty bill shows.

The attempt to revive the Dreyfus affair isa
curious anomaly. The real agitators are the
anti-Dreyfusites who, nevertheless, endeavor
to make it appear that it {s the other side which
fs moving in the matter. Their object is simply
tocreatea turmoil which thev hope will cul-
minate in violence andamilitary usurpation.
Many look to the army manauvres in August
with the gravest apprehension.

Meantime Morocoo may furnish a serious
diversion. French designs toward that country
are by no means clear. No power has yet sum-
moned the courage to uttera warning note in
the matter which occupies the anxious thought
of nearly every chancellery. Franoe may pick
aquarrel on any one of half a dozen pretexts
already to hand, and, except England, all in-
terested parties are beginning to fear that the
French flag may float over Morocoo before
any one has time to take a hand in the game.

The British policy is simple and understand-
able. If Great Britain can find one or twoallies,
the French seizure of Morocco will be prevented,
even at the cost of a great war. If, as seems
more probable, England has to play the game
alone, she will content herself with obtaining
the independence or neutrality of the strip of
country forming the southern littoral entrance
to the Mediterranean. Itis pretty well under-
stood that France is prepared to give an under-
taking which will eatisfy England in this
respect.

The idea that the question of the future of
Morocoo could be settled amicably by partition
has receded into the background. France ap-
pears satiefied that no continental Power {s pre-
pared to fight for ita share, and France is not
going to give any one even a small slice unless
necessary.

Tue Scwn’s Rome correspondent telegraphs
tbat the Moroccan Prince, Godlam, \s expected
to arrive there shortly upon a missionto the
\ullan Government. There is good reason to

belleve that Godlam has been charged by the

Bultan to call the attention of the Powers to the

French intrigues, The Prince {s not likely to

get much satisfaction. Italy isin no position to

go to war with anybody, and France fears

Italian interference least of all. But France

may consider it worth while to purchase Italian

acquiescence by giving concessions of some kind

{n Tripoli, upon which Italy has long cast covet-

ous eyes.

The Chinese insurrection !s regarded in diplo-
matic circles as directly connected with the
general international situation, with, of course,
Rusela as the chief object of suspicion. Itis,
therefore, expected that the Boxers’ uprising
will become more serious as the result of the
collapse of the war in South Africa, which will
toon free a large portion of the British Army.

It is now, obviously, the present policy of the
enemies of Great Britain everywhere to Inten-
tify difficulties which may offer opportunities

to profitat her expense during the brief time
temaining before she will be able to use her
military forces for other purposes. The
Mrongest influences for peace are the present
French Ministry and, in the Far East, the
United States. Many would add the German
Emperor, but he also has ambitions, and no one
tally knows yet whether they can be satisfied
Deacefully,

BRITISH GALLERY'S ¥WOSS.

The Painting of Lady Cockbarn by Reynolds
Taken Away by the Family.
Special Cad ¢ Despatch to THR SUN,

Loxpon, June 2.—Ths National Gallery has
Offered a heavy loss. Twenty pictures, includ-
{ng one of the gems of the collection, have been
Tenoved from the walls, The gem is the paint-
fog of Lady Cockburn and her children by
Reynolds, one of the best preserved and most
characteristic examples of his art. It is re-
corded that when the picture was brought to
tbe Academy all the painters clapped their
bands in salutation of its power, and the seal of
th artist's own approval ie found in his name
inscribed at full length upon the hem of the
lady's garment.

“I shall be handed down to posterity,” re-
marked Sir Joshua to Lady Cockburn, ‘‘on the
hem of your Ladyship's garment.”

Since 1892 this glorious work has hung fn
Trafalgar Square. It was bequeathed to the
Mation, together with nineteen other portraits
ofthe Cockburn and allied families, by Lady
Hamilton, daughter of the late Sir James Cock-
burn. The other pictures were of little artistio
Value, but the bequest was gladly received on
tocount of theaupreme merits of the Sir Joshua
Reynolds paintings

The family of Lady Hamilton discovered last
yearthat her interest in the pictures were re-
“rleted to her life and that she had no power
to dispose of them by will. The trustees, after
taking legal advice, did not resist the claim and
the pictures have now been surrendered. The

Bir Joabun has already been sold toa millionaire
SM agreat price

 

SSS SSS ssl SS essesssstnsnstnne

TALIFET TRIBES ARMING.

Brltan of Morocce Urges Them to Keep Peace
With the French Now.
p Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
ener June 2.—The Foreign Office has re-
a = selene that the Sultan of Morocco has
oo to the Talifet tribes urging them
Sue ake Up arms at present against the
tin, With whom he is negotiating in their
So The Sultan really fears on his own
ar 4s the tribes are arming,
¢ Foreign OMce states that the uprising is

BOt serion;
Boy ots and that @ peaceful issue of the
UDA Is ep ected

A despaten trom Raguaa says the Russian

taterranean squadron has arrived there and
wll Admiral is on the way to visit the
of Montenegro
— een
The Anglo-American Chamber at Brussels,
feenm . Cable Deapateh to THY SUN.

Anslo-a; une 2.-At the annual election of
toed American Chamber of Commerce
4y John Hunter, an Englishman, was
? one and M. Peyser, an American,
fue, evett, an Englishman, Vice-Presie

>

  

FRENCH AMNESTY BILL PASSED,

Premier Waldeck-Rousseau Wins Another
Victory in the Senate.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, June 2.—The Senate to-day passed the
Amnesty bill. Prime Minister Waldeck-Rous-
seau made along legal argument in defence of
the Government's attitude in supporting the
measure,

Senator Trarieux, the former Minister of Jus-
tice, continued the masterly speech which he
began yesterday. He attempted to demon-
strate that the granting of amnesty under the
present circumstances would simply be an out-
Tage on justice.

Gen, Lambert followed Senator Trarieux.
He produced a copy of a telegram dated
Rennes and signed by a well-known name, in
which {t was stated that Roget, Pellieux,
Gonse, Mercier and all the Headquarters Staff
had been laid out.

M. Fallieries, the President of the Senate,
stopped the further reading of the document
by declaring that M. Joseph Reinach had writ-
ten a letter to him in which it was stated that
this telegram was another forgery. When this
statement was made Gen. Lambert collapsed.

After the rejection of an amendment by Sen-
ator Millard, the bill was passed by a vote of
2388 to 34.

Premier Waldeck-Rousseau defended the at-
titude of the Government tn regard to the
Dreyfus case. Alluding to the speech of Gen.
Mercier, the former Minister of War, M. Wal-
deck-Rousseau said it was unallowable under
any circumstances that an accused person
should be punishod, even if it were thought
that he were certainly guilty, without legal
proceedings.

He explained the sentiments of the Govern-
ment in proposing the Amnesty bill. He said
the appeasement would not deimmediate or
complete. But, he said, the Amnesty bill de-
prived the apiilt of the agitation of its principal
nourishment. He appealed forthe Republicans
to preserve the liberty of the country and put
the question of confidence amid triple rounds
of applause. By a vote of 178 to 41 it was re-
solved to placard the speech throughout the
country.

CAPTURE OF AFRICAN PIGMIBS.

Bishop Tecker Has a German Trader Arrested
in Africa, c
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 2.—The well-known African,
Bishop Tucker, writing from Cganda on March
28, gives a good example of how the aborigines
learn to hate and fear the whites. During a
long journey, the Bishop learned that a Ger-
man trader was sending out an expedition to
capture some pigmies of the Great Forest and
exhibit them at the Paris Exposition, The
Bishop was unable to Interfere and returned
to Uganda.

Subsequently he heard of a trader in plemies
{in Mengo. Hs {mmediately organized an exrpe-
dition and interviewed a Christian Uganda.
The head man of the German caravan learned
of this, and when Bishop Tucker's expedition
arrived in the forest, the Germans were there
ahead of them. The Germans beat their drums
and after a while a few little people of shy ap-
pearance came out to partake of a feast which
had been made for them. When they did so,
seventeen of them were seized by the German
trader and the march to Mengo began, On the
way nine of the pigmies escaped. They were
pursued and recaptured by the Bishop, who
took them as evidence to the British Commis-
sioner, Sir Harry Johnson. The result was that
the pigmies were released and sent home, while
the German trader was arrested, and when the
mail left he was awaiting trial. In writing of
the affair, Bishop Tucker says he never heard
of anything more like slave trading.

 

 

 

BOXERS KILL MORE FOREIGNERS,

Attack a Party of Thirty Fleeing to Tiea-
Tsin—Rescuc Expedition Sent Out.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Tren-Tstn, June 1—The British warship
Centurion and the Italian cruiser Calabria have
arrived here. German troops are expected
here on Saturday and Japanese troops on Mon-
day. The country is quiet.

The French Consulate has been tnformed
that thirty foreigners, including six women,
who were trying to make their escape toTien-Tain
on Thursday in boats from Paoting-Fu, were
attacked by seven hundred Boxers, Four
were killed and many wounded.

TrEN-TSIN, June 2.—The escaping party are
now within ten miles of this place. An ex-
pedition is leaving here to meet the fugitives,

Panis, June 2.—The French Foreign Office
has received despatches from Pekin stating
that the troops of the various nations have
arrived there and that the danger is over for
the time being. é

WASHINGTON, June 2.—A press despatch from
Shanghai stating there are two American war-
ships at Taku Fort, leads officials hero to believe
that the gunboat Princeton is there with the
flagship Newark, under command of Rear Ad-
miral Kempf The Princeton is the only Ameri-
can war vessel in the Far East for which the
Navy Department cannot account, She has
not been heard from recently, and the depart-

nent has sent a telegram to Rear Admiral
Remey, commander-in-chief of the Asiatic Sta-
tion, asking him where she is. Officially the
Department knows only that the Newark is at
Taku Fort. No additional advices as to the
situation in{China have come from Minister
Conger or Rear Admiral Kempff.

MORE FILIPINOS SURRENDER.

Captain and Twenty-nine Men Give Up the
Fight in Pampanga.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

ManILa, June 2.—Col. Liscum reports the re-
covery, through influence of the native
presidente of Tarlac, of thirty-one out of
thirty-three Krag-Jorgensen rifles which were
stolen from the Ninth Infantry last December.

Yesterday there was a number of fires in the
town of Candaba. It is estimated that the
monetary losa will reach $100,000. Gen. Lloyd
Wheaton has recommended that the Govern-
ment spend $20,000 to relieve the people of the
town who suffered by the fire.

An Insurgent captain with twenty-nine of his
men has surrendered to the Macabebes in the
province of Pampanga. He also turned in
twenty-six Mauser rifles.

 

MARCHAND MEETS GEN, ANDRE.

Here of Fashoda and the New Minister of
War at M. Deschanel’s Reception.
Speciat Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, June 2-—The reception of M. Des-
chanel, the President of the Chamber of Dep-
uties, was largely attended to-day by persons
prominent in diplomatio, political, military and
Mterary circles.

Col. Marchand of Fashoda fame held a long
conversation with Gen. André, the new Min-
{ster of War, and both men became the centre
of general attention. Gen. André is a tall,
dried-up looking man witha keen eye and a
resolute alr.

 

COMMISSIONER PECK'S ANSWER.

Dentes the Charges of Extravagance Made by
Senator Jones,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Paris, June 2.—-Ferdinand W. Peck, the
American Commissioner-General to the Expo-
sition, has sent out areply to the charges of
Senator Jones of Arkansas, made in the United
States Senate in regard to alleged extrava-
gances on the part of the American authorities
here. He says the statements made by the
Senator are absolutely without foundation as
an investigation will clearly show.

Paris Benefit for Ottawa Fire Sufferers,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Paris, June 2.—The Thespians, an ama-
teur dramatic society, gave a perform-
ance of the “Private Secretary” at the
Athenée Comique to-night in ald of the
sufferers by the Ottawa fire, Com-
missioner-General Peck, M. Declassé, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, and a
number of prominent Englishmen and Ameri-
cans were present. Both the British and
American Ambassadors to France—the Rt.
Hon. Sir E. J. Monson and Gen. Horace Porter—
were represented.

   
 

    
   

MILITIA TO QUELL STRIKE,

————

PIRST REGIMENT OF ST. LOUIS OR-
DERED TO REPORT FOR DUTY,

 

President Whitaker Willing to Reinstate 1,000
of the Old Employees — First Regiment
Members Sworn In as Deputy Sheriffs—In-
crease in Cars KRan-Cases of Violence,

ST. Louis, June2—The attempt of the Citi-
zens’ Committee to effect a settlement of the
street car strike by mediation has thus far
failed, President Whitaker of the Transit Com-
pany consented to modify his position and
agreed to restore to their old places 1,000 of the
3,500 striking employees. This was submitted
to Gov. Stone, counsel for the strikers, and by
him laid before the Grievance Committee, the
members of which, after considering the latest
proposition {rom the railway company, decided
to take no action, and to keep Whitaker's offer
from the mass meeting to be held later, This
to all intents and purposes rejects the overture,

Gov. Stephens to-night countermanded the
request of the Police Board to the First Regi-
ment that it act with the posse comitatus, and
ordered Col, Sinclair to notify every member of
the regiment to report for duty at the armory
at 9 o'clock to-morrow, morning.

The posse comitatus thus far sworn in,
some 700, was distributed to-day In points of
vantage, from 100 to 160 men being placed at
each power house, according to its size and
importance, and 100 at each police station near
to the seat of war. It was the intention at first to

lace the members of the posse on the cars ag
Puards but Sheriff Pohlman finally decided
otherwise so that they could be quicaly concen-
trated at any point of attack.

Gov. Stephens was in the city all day and was
in conference with the Police Department this
afternoon. He also conferred with Edward
Whitaher, President of tie Transit Coimpany,
but the subjects discussed were not disclosed.
The Governor said to-day that if the present
posse comitatus was not sulliciently large to
quell any. disturbances that might arise, it
would be doubled if necessary. Failing to pre-
serve peace by means of the posse, the militia
would be ordered out,

More cars than ever were run to-day and _ all
operated on fairly good schedule time, The
north and south lines are still tied up, nota car
naving been run over the Broadway cable line
as vet. At 630 P.M. the last car left downtown,
and no attempt will be made to give night ser-
vice until absolute security is guaranteed to
passengers and train crews. The Transit Come-
pany has not yet decided whether it will en-

deavor to operate additional lines on Sunday,
but probabiy not, the Lindeil division, Olive
street, Laclede and Park avenues alone being

kept open

Mrs, Herbert Hughes and Mrs. Ida Gerber of
5314 old Manchester avenue, were beaten brut-
ally to-day for having ridden ina Transit car,
the former being attacked by a mob of men
and women when she alighted from a Southern
Electric car on Broadway, knocked down and
almost entirely divested of her clothing, while
the latter met witha similar experience at
Twelfth street and Geyer avenue. Both finally
obtained refuge in houses in the neighborhood,
where each had to stand a siege until the police
came to their rescue

More than one hundred conductors and
motormen arrived at the Union Station over
the Chicago and Alton to-day. They were
recruited in Michigan and caine to take the
place of strikers

William Sulivan, aged 18, was shot by Police-
man McIntyre to-day, the bullet striking him
in the chest. His wound {+ serious. Sullivan
was endeavoring to cut atrolley wire at Eigh-
teenth and Wlive streets and when the police-
man commanded him to surrender, he tried
to run away.

Wire cutters were'bulsy all of last night. On
the Bellefountaine line forty men, engaged in
this work of vandalism, were attacked and
dispersed by police, several arrests being made.
On Twenty-first street and Franklin avenue,
being unable to hau] down the wire the cutters
fastened to {t fron bed springs, 2 gasoline stove,
several chicken coops, empty barrels, @ wash
boiler and dozens of tin cans.

“MOTHER” JONES STOPS A STAMPEDE.

Begged West Virginia Miners to Continee Their
Strike and They Vilelded,

CUMBERLAND, Md., June 2.--The advent of
“Mother” Jones into the Georges Creek mining
region saved the day for the organization
and prevented the strike from being called
off this afternoon. The miners at New
Central, Maryland, American and Georges Creek
companies were to meet at Lonaconing at 2
o'clock to call the strike off, but whan that

hour arrived not one miner reported They
had all gone to a mass meeting being
addressed by Mra. Jones, When at the
head of 5) striking miners, she

marched through the reion on lust Thursday,
winding up by delivering an eloquent appeal
for them to hold out, she set the miners wild,
and even the miners’ wives and daughters, who
had been pleading for the men to return to
work, were won over to her side.

Last night she addressed 1,500 minera and
600 women, the latter a: plauding her to the
echo. This afternoon she talked to 4,000 miners
for more than an hour, nearly every woman in
the region turning out Before she went into
the region on last Thursday it was estimated 70
percent. of the miners wanted to return to
work. Now they areall determined to hold
out.

A coal operator said to-night that Mother
Jones had won the day, and that now the strike
would last allsummer. She will organize the
women before leaving the region.

Iron Moulders Agree to Eschew Strikes,

An agreement has been reached between the
foundrymen and the Iron Moulders’ Con-
ference Board of New York and vicinity by

which wages will be $3 a day for bench
moulders and $2.75 tor floor moul‘ers, fora
vear, dating from May 1, 1900. It is also agreed

  

that in grier to avoid strikes yearly con-
ferences %/ill be held between representatives
of the foundrymen and the Iron Mou'ders’

Conference Board to ix wages and the prinoi-
le of arbitration will be recognized in
Betting all disputes

Lehigh Valley Trackmen’s Strike Over,

WILkes-RBarne. Pa, June 2.—The Lehigh
Valley Railroad officials announced the ending
of the strike among the section men to-day,
At3 o'clock all of the strikers were reported at
work and the brief and unsuccessful strike
ended. While nearly every other branch of the
service is “unionized” the strike of track-
men is one of the first of {ts kind {n railroad
history. They have no organization and could
not stand the loss of inany days’ pay.

Strike of Mount Vernon Carpenters De-
clared Off,

The atrike of the carpenters In Mount Ver-
non, which has been in progress since April 1
for $325 a day, an eight-hour workday and

Saturday half-holidays, has been settled by ar-
bitration. Committees from the Master Build-
era’ Association and the carpenters’ unions met
last week, andan arrangement was reached by
whioh the strike was deciarcd off Someof the
demands of the strikers were not insisted on.

NEW YORK TALKS TO

A Transaction Involving About $600,000
Effected by Telephone,

A business transaction, involving about
$000,000, was effected yesterday by means of
the long-distance telephone between New
York and St. Paul. A firm which has offices
in lower Broadway received word from their
agenta in St. Paul of an impending demand

for a very large quantity of their gooda in the
West. They immediately called up the central
telephone office and asked for St. Paul,
When the connection was finally made the
induction on the wire rendered it impossible

ST, PAUL.

for either speaker to understand the other,
but a New York operator was able to make
himself unc erstood by a St. Paul operator, and
thus the message got through. Through these
skilled telephone talkers also an answer was re-
ceived and the transaction was accomplished.
Nearly an hour was occupied and a heavy ex-

pense incurred,

Consal Linscott at Coatzacoalcos Has the
Yellow Fever,

AUSTIN, Tex., June 2.--A despatch from Vera
Cruz, Mexico, says that yellow fever has be
come epidemic at several places in southern
Mexico. Anumberof new cases and several
deaths on the Isthinus of Tehuantepee are re-
ported. United States Consul Linseott at

oatzacoaloos is critically ill with the malady,

Rare Bibles for the Brooklyn Y, M. C. A.

Washington W. Seeley, a son of the Rev. Amos
W. Seeley, bas given to the library of the Young
Men's Christian Association in Brooklyn a col-
lection of en rare and valuable Bibles, the
oldest of which isa Latin version, printed in
Basle, Swiizeiland, in 1491 The Bibles have
been placed in a casein the reference depart-
ment setapart for the use of the teachers and
students,

 

 

 

Blind Boy Killed by a Fall,

Six-year-old Joseph Quinlan, who was almost
gatirely bitad, fell yesterday from avieeee of
is father’s home, 446 West Thirty- etree
and was killed, . °

-_—

THE SUN,

 

rrr, a

  
  

THE GIRLS AND BOYS WILL FLIRT,

School Authorities of Chicago to Remove the
West Division High School.

CHrcaco, June 2.—Because the girls attend-
ing the West Division High Schoo) persist in
flirting with the students of the College of Phy-
siclans and Surgeons, the parents of the girls
have protested so vigorously that the School
Board has decided to sell the building and erect
anew High School in some other place.

 

For a long time the instructors of
each school have complained that
study was subordinated § to flirtation.

The High Schoo! is at Congress street and Ogden
avenue, justaround the corner from the College
of Physicians and Surgeons and the Rush
Medical College is within easy flirting distance,
The girls strolled past the college doors,
Which always have their little cluster of
“Medics"’ loaded down with ponderous vol-
umes. They met their neighboring students
atthe lunch stands, and theycame to know
one another very well—too well, the school
authorities said. Graham H. Harris, President
of the School Board, said:

“We have had a great deal of trouble on
account of the proximity of the school to
the College of Physicians and Surgeons and
the Rush Medical College. We have been de-
sirous of getung the pupils away from the
neighborhood, Too much flirting and too
little study have been the result. Both the
High School girls and the college boys are at a
romantic age, and while they are so near
together there will be more or less communica-
ion between them, We have decided to sell the
building to the College of Physicians and Sur-
geons, which is desirous of buying, and put up
anew High School building where flirting can-
not be carried on so easily.”

 

NO POOR FOLKS IN THE COUNTY

Only One Indigent Man tn Wichita County,
Kan.—Gets a Salary to Care for Himself.

TopeKa, Kan., June 2.—State Labor Com-
missioner Johnaon haa discoverad a condition
in a Kansas county which he says exists no-
where else in the United States. Wichita
county is the only county in the State which
has no one dependent upon the county for
support. The county has no poor farm and
there is only one man in the county who needs
an occasional “lift” from the public. The
county officials have hit upon a novel scheme
by which the seunty is relieved from appewr-
ing in the class of counties which sustain
paupers. The one man who is in occasional
distress has been made supervisor of the poor
at an annual salary of $104. This man has
no Official duties except to look after himself.
The money which the county pays to him as
a salary is in reality that which is paid for his
maintenance. The appointment as super-
visor of the poor prevents the individual from
making systematic calls upon the county com-
missioners for money and other necessities.

This is the only county in Kansas where
euch a practice is followed. Commissioner
Johnson says he is in correspondence with
officials in every State in the Union and that no
such condition as exist in Wichita county ex-
ists throughout the country.

 

 

OBITUARY.

Clarence Chatham Cook, for many years
well known in connection with art criticism,
died yesterday at Fishkill Landing. He was
born in Dorcehster, Mass., in 1828, was gradu-
ated at Harvard in 1849 and for a tire studied
architecture at Newburgh in the office of his
brother-in-law, A. J. Downing, and with Cal-
vert Vaux. For several years he was a teacher
aud in 1863 he became known as an art critio
by the publication of a series of articles in the
Tribune based upon the picture exhibition at
the New York Sanitary Fair of that year. The
independent manner in which he treated his
subject attracted attention and he continued
to write on American art for the Tribune at
intervals until 1869, when he went to Paris as
the paper's correspondent. He retained the
post until the beginning of the Frauco-Prus-
sian war, going then to Italy for some time.
When he returned to this country he became
attached again to the Tribune staff and aroused
some commotion among the people interested
in art matters by attacking the genuineness
of parts of the Cesnola collection. His attacks
led to lawsuita and to considerable bitterness
in various quarters, Mr. Cook published “The
House Beauttful” and a book on Central Park,
and furnished the text to accompany a repro-
duction of Durer's “Life of the Virgin” and
notes to a translation of Lukbe's “History of

rt.

Edward Smith,a builder, died at his home,
158 West Eighty-eighth street on Thursday
night. Mr. Smith was 65 years old. He w
born tn Westchester county and was educated
in the public schools. In addition to his build-
ing business he became widely known as an
appraiser and adjuster for fire insurance com-

anies. Mayor Grace appointed him a mem-

r of the Board of Fire Commissioners and
he served during the years 1884-5 along with
Richard Croker and Henry D. Purroy. He
had a country place at Sayville and another
at West Farms. He was a member of the Na-
tional Builders’and Tradesmen’s Society, a
trustee of the Mechanics’ Library and a mem-
ber of the Board of Governors of the St. Vin-
cent de Paul Society. His wife, three sons
and three daughters survive him,

John Meyer died yesterday tn his fiftieth year
at his home, 555 Bedford avenue, Williams-
burg. He was a son of the late Cord Meyer, a
rich Williamsburg sugar refiner, and was asso-
elated with his brothers,Cord Meyer and Chrie-
tian M. Meyer,in the real estate business at 62
William street. He was the principal promoter
in. the development of Elmhurst, a new sub-
urban home centre near Newtown. L.I. About
two weeks ago he accidentally cut the index
finger of his right hand, and the injury devel-
oped into blood poisoning. Eminent epecial-
ists were unable to stay the progress of the dis-
ease. He belonged to the Democratic Club,
the Merchants’ Clib, the Atlantic and American
Yacht clubs and the Hanover Club of Brooklyn
He is survived by a widow and nine children.

Samuel Edmund. Wheatley, a former Com.
missioner of the District of. Columbia, died

yesterday morning at Moreland, his coun-
try home, near Bethesda, Md, He was
stricken with paralysis two weeks ago and
sank gradially until the end. President Cleve
land in 1888 appointed him a member of the
Board of District Commissioners. Mr, Wheat-

ley was a member of the vestry of Christ Epix

copal Church, Georgetown; a director inthe
Firemen’s Insurance Company, a trustee
{n the Linthicum Institute.

Dr. Joseph Davis Osborne of Newark died
yesterday afternoon at the age of 67 years, He
was born in Morris county, N.J., and his father
was the Rey. Enos Osborne. Dr. Osborne
was educated in Newark and West Poultney,
N. Y., and was graduated from the College of
Physictans and Surgeons in this city, subse-
quently studying under Dr. Abram Coles of
Newark. He was a surgeon in the Fourth
New Jersey Volunteers during the Civil War.
He is survived by a widow and two daughters.

The news comes from Caracas, Venezuela,
of the death of Sefiora Peraza de Bolet at the

ge of 95 years, Sefiora de Bolet was the widow
of Dr, Nicanor Bolet, one of South America's
foremost physicians, and mother of Gen, N,
Bolet Peraza, Confidential Agent of Venezuela
in this country, Gen. Bolet Peraza has re-
ceived many messages of condolence from
Venezuelan officials, including President Castro
and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Andueza
Palacio.

The Rev, Edward Edmunds, the eenlor cler-
gyman in Boston, died yesterday, 85 years.
Sixty-seven of those years he spent in the min-
istry and fifty-six of themin Boston. Mr.
Edmunds was born at Sennett, N. Y., and began
reaching at the age of 18. He had occupied

aptist pulplts at Providence, New Bedford,
Southportsmouth, and was pastor of the Chris-
tian Church of Boston for many years.

Henry Sayles Francis, a well-known Boston
woo] broker and a member of the firm of Nich-
ols, Dupee & Co., died suddenly on Friday at
Bar Harbor, Me. He was43 years old. Paraly-
sis caused his death.

SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.

a LT

KILLED HIS STEPMOTHER,

CHARLES NAULTY OF NEWARK PUTS
TWO BULLETS IN A WOMAN'S HEAD.

He and His Brother Had Quarrelled With Her
and Had Been Sent Away From Home
~Murderer Says She Sneored at His Dead
Mother—Crime Done at the Supper Table,

Charles A. Naulty, 21 years ola, ur 53
Chambers street, Newark, murdered his step-
mother, Mary Naulty, in the kitchen of
their home at 6 o'clock Jast night.
The crime was deliberately conceived and
carried out. Mrs. Naulty died instanuy, snot
through the brain with two bulleta from a re-
volver. The murderer stole up behind
her as she was seated at the supper table
with her husband, young Naulty’s father. Ad-
vancing to within a few inches of her back, he
placed the muzzle of the weapon behina ner
right ear and fired. Asshe pitched forward
Naulty seized her by the neck, and, bending over
her, fired a second shot, which penetrated the
left cheek under the eye. When the murderer
relinquished his grasp she fell lifeless to the
floor.

The crime was accomplished so quickly that
the elder Naulty did not have time to inter-
vene. When hedid jump up his son held
the revolver at him and said: “I'm going
to fix you. You are the cause of all this.’ The
father got hold of the weapon and a

flerce struggle ended in his securing it. After
the tragedy young Naulty went to the Third
precinct police station and surrendered himeeif.

According to thestory gathered by the police
there had been trouble in the Naulty family
since the death of the first Mrs. Naulty
December, 1898. The two sons, Thomas an
Charles, would not accept the housekeepers
their father engaged. Naulty ma the
victim of yesterday's tragedy in December
last, A vistent hatred eprung up between the
sons and the stepmother from the first. Noth-
ing she did seemed to satisfy them. bree
iuviihs ago an open rupture ooouited and the
eo Naulty drove th sous from thelr

ome,

Charles returned and the quarrels were re
newed. He fouglit yesterday about the coffee,
Then he left home, went to a Market street
pawnbroker and boughta revolver. In 4 sta-
tioner’s nearby he bought & box of cartridges.
Thus armed, he returned home late in the
afternoon.

Another quarrel occurred. The appearance
of the father quieted things down, and Mrs.
Naulty prepared supper. Charles went to a
neighboring saloon for a pint of beer, which
he placed on the supper table. Then he retired
1o his room adjoining the kitchen, prooured the
revolver, which he had previously secreted,
and the tragedy followed.

‘The murderer says his stepmother goaded
him by making slighting remarks concerning
bis dead mother. Neighbors say that the
elder Naulty has property and that his son
feared he would transfer it to his wife an
shut them out. The murdered woman was 30
years old. Before her marriage to Naulty she
was Mary Garrity.

 

QUAY READY TO RETIRE.

 

Story That He Will Soon Announce That He Is
Through With Politics,

PHILADELPHIA, June 2.—It was said to-day
by one who is in a position to know that former
Senator Quay will not be a candidate for re
election before the next Legislature of Penn
sylvania. He will withdraw, and the an
nouncement that he is out of the fight wil
be made in a short time, and will come
in the shape of a letter defining his reasons for
retiring. Among these, it was said, will be that
he does not care longer to participate in a strug-
fn which has already deprived Pennsylvania of
1

aving her full representation in the higher
ouse of the National Legislature, and also that

‘njoy the re-
maining years of his life in peace without being
affected by the turmoil of politics.

Thestory of a disagreement last week be-
tween Quay, Durham and others of his P
delphia lieutenants, although denied by all di-
recuy interested, were nevertheless true. And
it was Quay’s statement that he would not
again consent to be a candidate in addition
to the row about the factional fight for spoils
that is going on in the city that precipita ihe

uarrel, Quay, it is said, wanted to get out o'
the fight a yong ago, but Durh and
friends saw In Quay's withdrawal the end
their dominion and they persuaded him to
remain in the field, Their arguments have
ceased now to be gowns and he will insist upon
getting out of the ess.

he is weary of strife and wishes to e

 

OPPOSH COMMITTEEMAN NORMILE.

Fight Between the Bryan and Hill Factions
im the Southern Tier,

BrnowamTon, N. Y., June 2.—The struggle
over the Democratio State Committeeman for
this district will precipitate the fight between
the Hill and the Bryan factions at the coming
State Convention. 8S. C. Normile, the present

State Committeeman, will be opposed by the
adherents of Charles A. O'Brien, a rabid Bryan
man, and O'Brien's supporters will @ an
appeal on the floor of the convention to the
Bryan men that in the {nterests of Bryan in the
southern tier a change will be necessary in the
State Committee. They have been making a
quiet canvass of the delegations and claim to
have enough to carry their point. If this is
true the next State Committee will be strongly
anti-Hill. On the other hand, S. C. Nomile
very strong, and his deposition would mean a
radical change in five counties that many of the
jeaders deem unwise at the present time.

 

No Break in Atlanta Strike,

ATLANTA, Ga,, June 2.—-Contractors, buflders
and planing mill managers are etanding firm
to-day in their refusal to accede to the
demands of the carpenters and Joiners. On
the other hand, the carpenters are being Joined
hourly by men who did not belong

to the union before the strike. At noon to-day
the total number of men outon the strike was
085. There are about twelve hundred carpen-
ters and joiners in Adanta.

 

Westchester Democrats for Bryan.

Yowxxrs, June 2.—The Democratio Conve-
tion of the First Westohester Assembly district
was heldin this city to-day. State, Senate dis-
trict and Congress district delegates were
chosen. The State delegates are Mayor Edwin
N. Fiske of Mount Vernon and Michael J
Walsh andI. J. Boaydrias of Yonkers. Mayor

iske offered a resolution indoraias Willars ;

ryan for President. It was adop upani-
mously, :

Boy's Body in the River,

The body of eight-year-old William Boland of
$21 East Thirty-seventh street was found yester-
day morning in the East River at the foot of
Thirty-seventh street. The boy had been miss-
ing from home for the past seven weeks. He
was playing with some companions on the pier
at the foot of Thirty-seventh erent when he
missed his footing and fell overboard,

 

 

No Now Trial for Mre. Gazsam.

PHILADELPaAtA, June 2.—The Court of Com-
mon Pleas to-day refused the petition fora new
lof Mra. Anna R. Gazzam, who was re-
ee deciar guilty of having alienated
the affections of Charlton Reading from his
wife, Elizabeth R. Reading. Mrs. Reading got
a verdict of $25,000.

 

B Alfmans@s,

OFFER TO-MORROW, MONDAY, VERY
ATTRACTIVE VALUES IN

 

WAISTS.

a

WHITE LAWN WAISTS,

68c.,

85c, anv $J,45

COLORED STRIPED MaDRAS WAISTS,

85c. «xv 54,18

LADIES’ SHIRT
|
|

 

  
    

B.Altmans Go,

TO-MORROW, JUNE 4th, AT UNUSUALLY
LOW PRICES.

1,500 yards Tamboared Sash Maslins,

19¢,

Yard.

2,300 yards of Cretonnes, 14c, & 19c, yard,

1,000 Pairs Maslin Raffled Figured Cartains,
78c. Pair,

150 Pairs Grenadine Striped Cartains,

98c, B $1.90 Pair.

150 Pairs Denim Portieres, braided on both
sides, $3.90 Pair.

500 Woven Hammocks, $j,10

Damascas Tabourettes,
Hand Carved and Inlaid with Pearl,

$3.25,

$4.50,

$5.75

Balgarian Embrotdered Scarfs, $1.50

Pillows, 24 inch, Down filled, Bragga cobered
and lace trimmed, $2,90

Pillows, ancovered, filled with Fir Balsam, 25¢,

 

TABLE LINENS AND

SUMMER BED

Clothe, 2x2 yards,
oe 2x2 4
2x3 os

Table

ad oe

COVERINGS.

® e e $1.65
e @ ° ° 2.30
e e ° 2.50

Dinner Napkins, $2.50 Dosen.

Also Irtsh Linen Hand Embroidered Doyltes,
Center FPteces, Dresser Scarfs and Tray Cloths

 

Summer Blankets tn aff stues from $2.75 to $9.00 Patn

Cambric Comfortables (Sommer weight),
large stze, $1.25 each

 

LADIES’ HOUSE GOWNS.

Negligee Gowns of Japanese Wash Sith,
lace and ribbon trimmed, $10.85

Tea Gowns of Figared Foalard Sith, trimmed
with insertings of lace, $22.50

Tea Gowns of Colored India Sith, Pink, Lavender

Blee or White, $17.50

Negligee Gowns of Embroidered Swiss Maslin,
All White and White and Black,
lace trimmed, $12.50

House Gowns of Dotted French Dimtty, $5.85
Bath Robes of Turkish Toweling,
made in Paris, $2.65

Cigdteentd Street, Nineteentd Street and Sizth Avenue.

 

Ce aaa

THEY ACCUSE RATHBONE.

CHARGES IN THE CONFESSIONS OF
CUBAN POSTAL OFFICIALS.

Reeves and Rich Say He Get Money From
Neely and Paid Off Mortgages on Property
in This Country—Bristow to Investigate
—Rathbone Examined by a Havana Judge.

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.

Havana, June 2.—-Ex-Director of Posts
Rathbone made no attempt to leave Cuba
to-day. If he really intended to make any
such effort he must have realized its folly, for
he was summoned by the Judge of the cathedral
district, who has jurisdiction in the Neely
case, to appear before him at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to give his testimony. That is
the hour at which the Ward Line steamers sail.
Besides this, Mr. Rathbone had received
a strong intimation that if he attempted to
leave the city he would be arrested.

It has been hinted from time to time that
Reeves, the former auditor, and Rich, aclerk,
who have confessed what they know of the
postal frauds, made direct charges against Mr.
Rathbone. To-day LaLucha prints the charges
that in their sworn confessions made two
weeks ago both men said that Rathbone had
certainly received from $10,000 to $12,000 from
Neely. That without his (Rathbone’s) com-
plicity the frauds could not have been per-
petrated. According to the testimony of
Reeves and Rich Mr. Rathbone used the money
to raise mortgages on property in the United
States. La Lucha asks that this statement
be investigated at once. It wants to know if
gelf-convicted thieves shall be allowed to sully
the name of achief of department by making
statements which they cannot substantiate.

All these matters will certainly be investi-
gated by Fourth Assistant Postmaster-Gen-
eral Bristow. Bo soon as he can spare the
agents he will send two to the United States
to work aleng the lines suggested by the con-
feasions of Reeves and Rich.

At 4 o'clock this afternoon Mr. Rathbone
was examined by the Judge behind closed
doors as to what he knew concerning Neely’s
operations. This is the first time that Mr.
Rathbone has been called upon to make a state-
ment under oath. What he said is not known,

¢

 

ings was enjoined by the Court. It ts ealy
fair to say that he was not called to be examine@
in regard to any charges against himself,

Reeves was released to-day on $1,600 bell
which was deposited in cash.

Sefior Carlos de Zaldo has declined the Re-
publican nomination for Mayor. This leaves
only two candidates in the field, Gen. Rod»
riguea, Nationalist, and Sefior Estrada More,
Independent. The campign is now on ia
earnest. na

S1z-Year-Old Giri Killed. e

Bix-year-old Kunigunde Frauenhofer, whose
parents live at 177 Scholes street, Williamsburg,
was killed by an ice wagon yesterday afternoog
at Humboldt and Stagg streeta. The wagom
belonged to Gustav Breutsch of 480 Rodney
street. The girl with others was playing on the
sidewalk. A Dey pursued her rand the ran
toward the curbstone just as Breutsch w
driving of. The girl lipped and fell behi
the horse nearest the curb, and before Breutsc
could stop his team a front wheel P
agains: the child's head and crushed it. abe
child died twenty minutes later in St. Cathe-
rine’s Hospital. Breutsch was locked upin the
Stagg street police station,

 

The Kearsarge in Dry Dock,
The big battleship Kearsarge was floated inte
dry dock No. 3atthe Navy Yard in Brooklya
yesterday morning. The weight of the vessel

as she swung around with the tide snapped the
hawsers leading from the tug Nina. She will be

scraped and painted preparatory to going te
Newport where she is to join the North Atlan
tic squadron,

   
 

 

One Item

from hundreds —
just to show that
much of our well
made Furniture is
marked at popular
prices:—

The “Madeira,” a
large Easy Arm
Chair of hand wo-
ven willow, $7.50.

Schmitt

 

Brothers,

Cor, 25th St. & 4th Ave.) Two
i 40 East 234 St. | stoses

|