Brooklyn Advertisements,
OPIOID PPPOE ELL DL

Our Mail

Order Department enables our out-o

Brooklys Davertisemects,

OPAL AA tn tnt tnt ttn

|

eee

Che Sun.

NEW YORK, SUNDAY. JUNE 8, 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

Brooklyn Advertisements,

RONEN Ne sing

 

A\BRAH AM AND

Brooklyn Advertisements,

PARR

rs

Brooklyn Ravertisements,

STRAUS

BROOBLYN.

 

filled the same day they are received, and every inquiry is answered with the utmost despatch.

As heretofore, our free delive

| Brooklyn Advertisements.

f-town friends to buy as easily and cheaply as our in-town patrons, No order is too small to r

 

ee ee

eceive the most careful attention. All orders are

$5 or more, the goods will be sent free of charge to any railroad station in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and the New England States.
Goods ordered from any point on Long Island where we have an agency will be delivered at the purchaser’s house free of charge.

—————

The Shoe Store Makes Another Mark With
Women’s Fine Oxford Ties.

The Shoe Store has marked out for itself a broad, bright path in Shoe

making and selling,

leaving others to follow in sincerest flattery. Now a

new milestone is reached in a splendid sale, beginning to-morrow, of fine
Oxford Ties for women’s wear at the lowest price for which such shoes

have ever been offered.

These Ties were made under our own careful supervision, of leather which we selected

ourselves, and by

hae Oe

to make a Shoe perfect in comfort, style and wearing qualities was
one in which we have much confidence.

result is

the best Shoe manufacturer we could find. ova et point that

goes
ooked to rigidly. The

The Ties are made over the season’s most approved last. They are of black box calf
and tan Russia calf, have Goodyear welted extension soles, military heels and medium
round toes. They will fit comfortably and wear long, whether used for street wear, for
golfing or for bicycling. And the price is marvelously low at A Dollar and Sixty-

nine Cents a Pair.

Silk and Cotton Shirt Waists

For Extremely Small Prices.

The days of the thin Shirt Waist are at hand. Preparation now is wisest.
Wisest because prices in this Shirt Waist store are extremely little; because
the Waists represent the very finest, daintiest, most fashionable and coolest
kinds in existence up to date; because there is the widest variety.

You may be satisfied in a minute or ia may Stay all day and not see
everything that is excellent and low priced.

Cotton Waists.

Percale Shirt Waists ina large variety
of figures and colorings; full fronts,
plaited backs, laundered collars and oul

c

Percale Waists in pretty shades of pink,
blue and lavender; full fronts, yoke
BACKS... cccccccccrrereconsnoennrnns 39¢

Good Percale Waists in large and small
bow knot patterns; colors, pink, blue
and lavender ; full fronts, French backs ;
$1.00 value... ....ceceee eee seberee 45c

Percale and Gingham Waists in pink,
blue, oxblood and lavender; full fronts,

oke and tucked backs, detachable col-

Waists of Anderson’s gingham, in pink,
blue and lavender stripes; yoke backs,
full fronts, fine pearl buttons........ %ic

Madras Weists, surplice effects, in lav-
ender and oxblood; white tucked vest
and collar, tucked fronts, plaited Oe ae

Derby Waists of imported linen and
madras, in pink, blue, lavender,
greenand black and white stripes; suit
fronts, box plaited backs.......... $1.79

Waists of white lawn, with four inser-
tions of fine embroidery between clusters
of space tucking; tucked backs, laundered
and soft cuffs, ........ cc ceeeee eee QTC

White Waists, with two insertions of
fine embroidery and clusters of fine tucks
in front; tucked backs, laundered collars,
dress sleeves, finished with soft cuffs, $1.39

Waists of fine white lawn, with two
wide insertions of fine embroidery be-
tween clusters of fine tucks; dress sleeves
and soft cuffs.........055 $1.79

Silk Waists.

Black China Silk Waists, well made;
hemstitched down the front; dress sleeves,
silk collars, lined throughout....... $1.98

Waists of black or white China Silk
front, back and part of sleeves tucke
and hemstitched; stitching in points
down the front......... $3.69

Waists of colored taffeta silk ina vari-
ty of styles, every one of which is ex-

f° cellent. They are regular $7.50 value, but

} to-morrow will be marked a. .... $5.98
Second floor.

Imported Zephyr Ginghams.

A Seasonable Sale at a Special Price.

Ten thousand yards of imported Zephyr Ginghams bought from a lead-
ing Gingham importer at far below their value will interest you here to-
morrow. We have said before that this is emphatically a Gingham year.

Let us say it again.

Also that there are Ginghams and

inghams. Again,

that these Ginghams are the very best patterns to be found anywhere at
any price—the dainty stripes in oxblood, heliotrope, light blue, pink, nile,
etc., that Fashion and a sense of beauty most approve,

We doubt whether you could resist them anyway—we know you can-

not at to-morrow’s pricing,

Fourteen Cents a Yard.

  
   
  

 

INDIA’S GREAT FAMINE,
MULTITUDES PERISHING IN THE
PRESENT APPALLING CALAMITY.

 

 

 

Its Death Roll Unknown—Six Millions on the
Relief Works—India’s Silent Endurance
—England Disgasted With Her Poet
Laureate~ Count Tolstoi on Suicide,
Lonpon, May 25.--If it were not for the war

in South Africa, all the world would be watch-

{ng another tragedy, less dramatic, less pic-

turesque, but the most terrible of modern times

~the famine in India, Its death roll is un-
known—I have not seen even an estimate of
the numbers who have perished--and one
reads only an occasional official paragraph
stating that another half million or so have
been added to those who depend for subsis-
tenca upon the handful of rice which the Gov-
ernment supplies daily to people who are actu-
ally starving. England is too much absorbed
in watching the extension of her dominion
in South Africa to pay much attention to the
perishing multitudes in the most populous
part of her Empire. It happens, therefore,
that India’s appalling calamity {ts watched
with keener interest by America than by the
country which rules this far-off dependency,

And so it will be, probably, as long as India

consents to suffer in silence,

I do not mean to accuse the British authori-
ties of neglect of duty in the terrible emergency,
On the contrary, all information tends to con-
firm the belief that no great public disaster
was ever before coped with so energetically
and so efficiently by the official resources at
command. Lord Curzon has borne the test
of an enormous responsibility with eredit and
honor. Not alone with the famine has he had
to dea) during this trving vear. The plague
Mantains its grip on the affiicted land and
cholera has recently been added to its miseries,
Political dangers have further complicated
the situation. The country has been almost
firipped of white troops, which, in the early
months of the war the danger of a Russian
invasion seriously alarmed the British Gov-

 

ernment. Through all this erisis the Viceroy
has succeeded in maintaining absolute tran-
quillity, an accomplishment creditable alike
to him and too the suffering millions over whom
he presides

No civilized people, it is safe to say, would
#ifer and perish thus unresistingly, even un-
complainingly Never before has the phil-
Osophy of the Fast, the fatalism, which the
Wisdom of the West condemna, furnished #0
@mazing an object lesson, A a@reat nation
: eh “ab ts to suffering and death by hunger
a ‘a stfuggle, however impotent strug-

‘SMH be, isa spectacle which the Western
ro ‘annot understand, The silence of India

the marvel ef the world to-day. Not a ery
bas been heard. not evenaprotest. The world’s

Main floor, New Building.

fulness none the less deep because it also is
silent,

And day by day the avchtien grows worse.
Six millions is now the number of human beings
who perform the allotted task of stone break-
ing or reservoir building in order to receive from
the Government the means to keep body and
soul together. Thousands perish because they
are unable to work and their Eastern pride
prevents their accepting a tiny dole of food aa
pure charity. I refrain from reproducing
any of the famine stories from the English
press. Few are printed and they are too pain-
ful. Most of the papers neglect, almost ignore,
the subject, but the Standard this week gives
an interesting summary of the situation as
it existed in the early part of the present month.
The following extracts give a fair idea of it:

“In Madras, which has hitherto been regarded
as outside the afflicted area, things are rapidly
becoming worse. The number of people on
relief works has more than doubled in the space
of a fortnight. There has been a little rain,
but this came too late materially to benefit the
crops on unirrigated lands, which are now in many
places given up for lost. Irrigation supplies
are generally scanty, and the wells very low
in parts, The standing crops are now practi-
cally confined to irrigated lands. Pasturage
is almost everywhere dried up, and the general
aspect of the country especially the Deccan
districts, is dreary in the extreme.”

“Going from Madras to Bombay, the trav-
eller does not see one single patch of green,
not even so much as a blade of grass, for hun-
dreds of milesonend. The wholeof the Madras
and Bombay Deccan is simply one vast expanse
of scorched-up, waterless upland. In many
places hamlets have been completely deserted
for months past, simply because these is no
water within many miles of them. Springs and
rivers, which have never been known to fail
before, are now absolutely dry. The Nizam’'s
dominions largely lie in this Deccan country,
and it is, consequently, not surprising to learn
that the intensity of the famine in his terri-
tory is rapidly increasing.

“Passing to the Bombay Presidency, we come
to the part of India which, in the opinion of the
Central authorities, ia the most severely afflicted
of all. In other parta, notably in the native
States of Rajputana, the mortality from star-
vation may be greater, mainly because the sys-
tem of famine relief and the organization gen-
erally in such States is not so good as in British
territory; but it is now generally admitted
that certain parts of Bombay present the worst
famine features in all India at the present time.
The latest official reports show that there has
been no change in the conditions, except for
the worse. There is no abatement of the famine;
things are merely getting slowly and surely
more terrible and more disastrous than before.

“One of the most remarkable features of
the present famine is that certain districts in
the Bombay Presidency, hitherto reputed

Mcisiance has been received with @ thank- | to be the most fertile, perhaps, in all India, are

   

\

The Most Extraordinary Sale on Record

Of Tailored Coats and Suits for Women.

It begins here to-morrow—it will last just long enough for 75 Jackets and 200 Suits to find fortunate purchasers.

We are sorry there are not more, for many are bound to be disappointed.

It would be harder on the manufacturer,

who has sold these garments at a loss, perhaps; but it would mean good fortune for more of our public. As it is,
75 Jackets and 200 Suits will be here to-morrow at

Half and Less Than Half of the Regular Pricing.

They are not old, or stale or passe. Fach garment is up to the minute in style—somne, in fact, are in styles that
were not evolved a month ago. They are simple, or smart, or elaborate, or anything you choose. They are the
pick of the season’s production. We give some crude description of them; but they must be seen to be appreciated.

First the Coats.

ing, seaside or mountain wear,
and sizes are 34, 36 and 38.

Ol svccsaes

These are Jackets and Eton Coats of tucked
taffeta with fancy collars or of plain taffeta with broadcloth in
Scroll applique. Some have velvet collars with lace applique; all
are as handsome as Coats can well be and most suitable for even-
They are lined with taffeta silk
Prices for them would be mod-
erate at $15.00 to $20.00; but they will be here to-morrow

Then the Suits,

«$745

A Masterful Move in Trimmed Hats

Sweeping Reductions of Half and More. ;

Every one of the Paris Hats which remain in our stock will have
half or more than half of its price cut off to-morrow. They are all splen-
did Hats, as you know, the choicest productions of the most noted of the

Paris milliners.

Prices for them have been moderate at $20, $25 and $35;

but the time has come for them to go quickly, and they will do it surely

at their new little price,

Ten Dollars Each.

Children’s Hats — These, too, have happened under the general price cutting, and to-
morrow our entire stock of girls’ Hats will be marked at half and less than half of last

week's prices.

It should be a field day in the Millinery Salon.

Second floor rear.

Laces and Embroideries.
HALF Priced and LESS Than That.

These are the Laces and the Embroideries that meet your Summer need—
fancy allovers, washable Laces of various widths, dainty Embroideries fresh

from the foreign makers.

They are new, beautiful, practically without

limit in variety and in no case are they priced at more than half of the
regular pricing for them elsewhere. ;

Fancy Allovers, figured and insertion ef-
fects; white and butter shades,
9c. to 49c. a yard
Cluny Allovers, pretty designs in white,
butter and champagne shades,
49c, to 8c. a yard
Venetian Point Allovers,a large variety
of patterns in white, butter and cham-
pagne shades.....,., .59¢. to $1.98 a yard
Washable Laces,Insertions and G alloons,
Suitable for trimming Summer dresses
underwear, etc......... 3c, to 19¢. a yard
Narrow French Valenciennes Laces, ‘4
to 114 inches wide,
10c, to 49c. a dozen yards
Black Chantilly Edgings, Insertions and
Galloon,.........0....d. to 25¢.a yard

A Summer Suiting Low.

For Handsome and Stylish Dresses.
Homespun Suitings which we think are
the best value to be found anywhere at
the price. They are 55 inches wide and
in the correct mixtures of light, medium
and dark gray and navy blue. Here at
69c. a yard
Matin floor, New Bullding.

now the most afflicted. In ordinary times the
country around Barodo and Ahmedabad pre-
sents an aspect of extraordinary fertility, At
the present moment it is in this very tract that
the worst features of the present famine are
to be found, The people are literallly dying
of starvation, The greater portion of the cattle,
the celebrated breed of Gujarat, are already
dead. Everything that human agency can
do is being done to keep the people alive, but
they have been for so many months past in a
low and unnourished state that the mortality
{n many parts has more than quadrupled. As
for the cattle, the Government is trying to keep
the remnants alive in cattle camps, but the
mortality has been terrible, more than 1,000,000
having died in the district of Gujarat alone.

“To add to the embarrassments of the local
officials, a severe epidemic of cholera has now
broken out at some of the relief works in the
Godbra district; and the people, weakened by
many weeks and months of low diet, are suc-
oumbing to this terrible scourge at a startling
rate. In the Bombay Presidency as a whole
there are no fewer than two millions of people
on famine relief, and the population affected {s
more than twenty millions,

“To the north and northeast of Gujarat we
come to another portion of India almost equally
afflicted. The greater portion of the land in
Rajputana is of extremely light character and
in many parts is hard to distinguish from desert.
In States such as Jodhpur and Bikanir much
of it is actual desert. Railways are few and
far between and vast tracts are almost com-
pletely outof the reach of relief opera-
tions, These semi-desert tracts are #o sparsely
populated and the country itself is so utterly
hopeless that it is impossible to establish relief
works. The inhabitants eke out a mere exist-
ence on quarter rations as long as they can
and then when physically quite unequal to the
strain of a long journey over the sun-baked,
waterless wastes of sand, they try to make their
way to the relief works or the big towns, per-
haps a hundred miles or more away.

“There ia every reason to believe that a very
large proportion of these people never reach
their destination, but die in the desert, where
their emaciated corpses are soon picked clean
by the jackals and vultures which hang on their
track, Numbers reach their journey'’s end
only to die. In some parts of Rajputana, it is
said, scarce a day passes without a number of
people of all ages and both sexes being found
dead by the roadside. Their bodies are mere
skeletons, with skin stretched tightly over
‘them, and for months past they must have
suffered the acutest pangs of hunger, Yet
nothing can well be done for them. Those
who thus die almost invariably prove to be

 

residents of the remoter portions of the western |.

desert who have delayed too long their attempt
to reach the tamine relief works.

“It would almost seem thatin many instances
the people have no wish tolive, no desire tocon-
tinue the apparentl; hopeless struggle for ex-
istence, With that fatalistic tendency which

 

The Embroideries, New Allovers, com-
binations of Lace and Embroidery, some
tucked with lace, others with hemstitched
effects... . 0... ce eee. 28 C. to $1.49 a yard

Guipure, Carrick-ma-Cross, Irish Point
and solid effects in Allovers, at
25c. to 98c. a yard

27 and 45-inch Flouncings, with seal-
loped and hemstitched edges,
49c. to 98c, a yard

Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric Edgings
and Insertions, in neat or showy patterns,
4g to 12 inches wide; wide margins, cut
out ready for useé....... 3c. to 25c. a yard

Main floor, center,

Black Satinized Sateens.

These are extremely low priced. The
have the lustrous silk finish which is
especially desirable, and ordinarily are
priced at 24c, a yard, They will go
quickly here to-morrow at... .Idc.a yard

Main floor, rear.

is so marked a characteristic of all Orientals,
they argue among themselves that it is their
kismet, their destiny, and that, an inscrutable
Providence having willed them to die of famine,
it would be idle to struggle against the inex-
orable decree.

“The next most afflicted portionof Indiaisthe
central Provinces, which had hardly got over
the scarcity of a few years ago, before this new
and terrible disaster came upon them. There
has been nochange for the betterinthis region,
There are now about one and three quarter mil-
lion of people on famine relief, and the popula-
tion directly affected by the famine is some
twelve millions, Fodder is scarce, and water
exceptionally so. The rivers, indeed, are now
at a lower level than has ever been known, as
are also the varioustanksand reservoirs which
form the water supply of large cities.”

The Poet Laurate'slyricon therelief of Mafe-
king has given the whole country a pain. It
stopped the demonstration which had reached
the point of national hysteria on the subject of
Baden-Powell's splendid defence. In fact, it
soured the cup of rejoicing which England
was quaffing with an enthusiasm never in-
dulged in before in this sober land. Kevenge
has come swiftly and, exasperated, not to say
disgusted, Englishmen are chuckling delight-
edly over this cruel parady upon Mr. Austin's
effort which the Daily News has furnished:

Here's a vexatious thing,

“Rellef of Mafeking.”

Now must the Laureate sing,
Sing for the many.

Poorly the rapture climbs,

Yet must I send some rhymes

Fit for to-morrow'’s Times,
From Abergavenny.

Kimberley, Ladyamith~

What must! rhyme {t with?

Strange from its wedded ‘“‘kith"
"Kin" thus to sever:

Here's a confounded name,

Hard tn a verse to frame:

“Baden” must lack his fame,
“Powell” for ever!

Rhymes are Galore with ‘‘year,”

Near" |'ve used twice, I fear,

Perhaps they may kick at “spear,”
‘Coa they don't use ‘em:

Making ‘‘flerce cannon leap"

Is perhaps 4 little steep,

Hope they will think it deep,
Fear,'twill confuse ‘em,

Confound this wretched verse,

So plaguey hard and terse:

Just makes a poet curse
Working for hours:

Bother old Drayton's shade,

Bother the verse he made,

Bother “The Light Brigade,"
Now for my flowers,

 

Count Tolstoi has just made a contribution
to the ethics of suicide which is attracting ,
some attention. “To commit suicide, is," |

These are of a variety of materials, but all suit-
able for present wear,
fancy cheviots, some trimmed with bands of taffeta, some with
the new collarless Eton coats, some with fly front or tight fitting
coats, About a third of them are silk lined throughout and the
balance have the jacket lined with silk and the skirt with percaline.
Sizes are 32 to 40 and the prices to-morrow will be

There are homespuns, broadcloths and

$6.75, $9.95 and $12.50

Second floor, front

Colored Petticoats.

Excellent values are these light weight
Petticoats in all the Spring shades. They
are made with a deep knite plaited ruffle,
finished with a small ruffle and are low
priced at...... SoRDODEN CE OD SORdEERS $7c

Sateen Petticoats, in all the prevailing
Shades, made with a full umbrella ruffle
and six small ruffles, are also low priced

Me rrersecrocesccvoscecessvensees I.

 

Cooking by Gas and Oil.

If one could only cook on the refrigera-
tor in Summer time, it would be a bless-
ing, wouldn’t it? The next best thing is
to cook with a gas oran oil stove—if you
have a good one. Only the good ones—
the very best ones yet invented are here
ane prices for them are the lowest any-
where.

Gas Cookers. The “Rapid” Hot Plate.
Full polished nickel steel top; two power-
ful burners and one small simmering
burner; requires only the space of ordi-
mary two hole stove, .......00 00+ + G26

“Imperial” Cooker. Broils, bakes and
boils as well as many larger ranges, Drop
front oven door. Stands same height
as regular range .......05. Sshetaed $8.66

“Ideal” Gas Range. Here only in
Brooklyn and it is the highest type of the
Gas Range. Powerful drilled burners that
permit a sizzling hot flame one second
and a simmering one the next. An oven
that isa wonderfully even baker. With 16
inch oven, $17.45; with 18 inch oven
$20.24; with the new side broiler, , .$24.46

Oil Cookers. The “Brooklyn” blue
flame Cooker, Automatic and wickless.
Use it just the same as you would a
student lamp. Two burners, $6.39; three
lt on |) |

The “Quick Meal” wickless oil Cooker.
Excelled by none. Large generating
burners that give a blue, intensely hot
flame. All parts easily cleaned. Two
burner size ....,.....

cones $8.87

Basement

   
    

 

he says, “neither sensible nor moral. Life
is indestructible; it is not tied to time and space
and thus death can solely change its outward
form, shorten its existence in this world. As
regards the shortening in this world, I do not
know whether the new life in the other world
which follows will be more agreeable to me,
and whether one will altogether have the pos-
sibility there of gaining for oneself what one
can gain here, Besides this, and this is the
principal thing, it is already for this reason
senseless to take one's life because one {s dis-
satisfied with it. for one simply proves by it
that one has a thoroughly false idea altogether
of the significance of life.

“It has not only been given us for our pleas-
ure, but for our personal perfection, and to
serve general welfare. All work appears in
the beginning disagreeable. Suicide is {m-
moral. Life has been granted to men to die
@ natural death, and, indeed, on condition
that he serves the general universal peace,
and not that he only makes use of his life as
long as it is personally agreeable to him.

“In the wilderness of Optina, so relates the
aged poet, lay for over thirty years a par-
alyzed monk, who could only use his left hand.
The doctors asserted that he suffered unut-
terably, but he never complained of his fate,
but gazed, smiling peacefully, at the image
of the Holy Virgin. Thousands of persona
visited him, and one can scarcely imagine
how much good this unhappy man did by his
silent suffering. He still thanked God daily
for the spark of life which had remained to him.
IT am sure that unfortunate man did more good
than thousands upon thousands of happy,
healthy persons who boast of serving the gen-
eral welfare by different inatitutions, 4c.”

What redeeming feature can there be in
a scourge of influenza? None was ever sug-
gested until somebody afflicted, not with
that malady, but with a craze for statistics
discovered that even a mild epidemic of
the grip brings millions of dollars into the
public treasury of Great Britain. Theelderly,
and especially the rich, are apparently pecu-
larly susceptible to the disease in its most
fatal form and its prevalence ia distinctly

indicated in the table of death duties prepared
by the officials at Somerset House,

There have been two serious epidemics
of influenza in Great Britain in the past twelve
years, one in the winter of 1891-02, when the
amount of property apaving death duties ad-
vanced $150,000,000 rve the average, and
again in the past winter, when the increase
was about $140,000,000 over the previous year,
The fact that influenza was almost the sole
cause of the increase is shown by the point
that the excess over the previous year was
practically confined to the months of Janu-
ary, February and March last,

The amount of property upon which death
duties have been paid in England in the past
six years has exceeded $5,000.00).000, and
the sum received by the Government in taxes
upon estates exceeding in value $5,000.00
each has in the past year alone been more
than $11,000 000. is source of revenue, ea-

Pesaare of the Brith Government. fi Re C,

 

4q
Was an Ancient Tavern Which in Eighteenth
Centary Sold a Minced Pye for a Pound.
!

 

 

See ee

Brooklyn Advertisements,

Service includes the sending of all purchases and mail orders to any railroad station within a radius of 100 miles. When the purchase or mail order amounts to

An Entirely Exceptional Offering of

Summer SILKS at Minimum Prices, ;

They are printed Indias, Foulards and Japanese wash Silks—kinds that

are most in demand now, that will be wanted all Summer,

Even at regu-

lar prices they would be extremely desirable; at the little prices which will
govern them here to-morrow they are doubly so.
First, 6,000 yards of fine quality printed India Silks, 23 inches wide and covering an exe

cellent variety of very pretty designs and colors, principaliy navy blue and white and Yale
blue and white, They have been priced at SOc. a yard and are now reduced to d5c. a yard

There are 4,750 yards of the printed Foulrds of excellent quality and with the bright

satin luster which the best of the season’s Foulards have.

them here at........ Terr eeeeneecece

The assortment of designs is

co sevees M9. a yard

Se eeeeeeeeeaseeerres

Not less interesting are the Japanese wash Silks——5,000 yards of the very best quality of
the corded variety and in many styles and colors, including much of the specially favored

white. We do not think that wash Silks of

Season as these at...........5. o beds GUT ENVERET TE EALERTAULNOEEETEIIS sae

this quality have been priced so low this
.35c. a yard
Main floor, New Building, J

Light Colored RIBBONS

For Very Little Cost.

These last few weeks have demonstrated once again the matchless ability
of this Ribbon Store to supply vast Ribbon needs at prices of remarkable

littleness. For to-morrow

ere are more fancy Ribbons, white and the

light colored kinds—the Ribbons you will need this Summer for neckwear,
for the children’s dress and hair trimming, for all of the manifold Ribbon
uses. Prices are the smallest for these Ribbons anywhere, in many cases

less than the wholesale cost.

Fancy Taffeta Ribbons, one inch wide,
with three rows of imitation hemstitching;
regularly 8c. a yard, at......... heuees oc

Fancy Taffeta Ribbons, 3} inches wide,
with three double rows hemstitching
and white hair line corded effect; a de-
sign most suitable for women’s neck-
wear; regularly priced at 25c. a yard, 18

Fancy Taffeta Ribbons, 34% inches wide,
in ten light colors; double rows of a lace-

like design on each edge; regularly 25c, @
VEE AL i vsesinaae bhiee bndaeeeneans 19

Mousseline Taffeta Ribbons, 6 inches
wide; a soft weave much in demand for
— light colors; regularly 4§c. a
yar

Fancy Taffeta Ribbons, 4 to 5 inches

wide, in lengths of 4 to 9 yards; all light
colorings; regularly 39c. to 45c.a yard,

FRPP Heer ewer erent eeee

Main floor, center.

—

Linens and White Goods
At Prices That Are Extremely Small.

Extra heavy all linen cream Table Dary.-
asks, 2 yards wide,............. Bac. yd.
Fine and heavy bleached Damask Nap-
kins, 20 inches square, ........ $1.69 doz,
Extra heavy all linen bleached Damask
Napkins, 24% inches square, . $1.98 doz.
Pattern Tablecloths of good quality.
There are no napkins to match, and for
that reason they are marked at the fol-
lowing low prices:
8-4 size (66x68 inches)....... .$1.50 each
8-10 size (66x84 inches)...... .$1.88 each
8-12 size (66x103 inches)...... 2.28 each
Victoria Lawn, good quality, 40 inches
wide.... veceveee BMC. yd,
Imported Pique, good nore

- yd,

Persian Lawn, sheer and fine quality,

40 inches wide, another lot at... .19¢. yd.

Organdie Puffing, with tucked and lace
insertion, variety of good patterns,

9c. yd

Another lot of all over, cluster and

fancy Tuckings .......... ceeees yd,

French Organdie, good quality, 67

{ACHES WIDE, cccccessvgrereperee yd,
Main floor, rear, left.

 
   
  

AMOS HOUSE TORN DOWN.

James Holmes, who for five years has owned
the property on the northeast corner of Chris-
topher and Greenwich streets, has had the old
tavern which for many years stood there torn
down, and will erect in its place a modern hotel,
Greenwich village has lost one of its most his-

toric landmarka in consequence.

The quarter known as Greenwich village was
originally the estate of Sir Peter Warren.
Upon his death the property was divided among
his three cay hters, one of whom was Lady
Abingdon, wife of the Eari from whom Abing-
don Square derives its name. Among her
earliest tenants was the Amos family, who
almost two hundred years ago rented the little
two-story farmhouse which has been recently
torn down to make room for the new hotel.

While the English had possession of New
York \p the Revolution some Erie otiver

eld a banquet at the Amos house, which ha
then become a tavern. The bill rendered them
was as follows:

To plece of beef and cabbage........++
Toa dish of wipe and cowhell

Toa leg of pork and turnips...
To 2 puddings... ........e++ee.>
To surloyn of beef....
To a turkey and onions. >
To a leg of mutton and pickles,
To a dish of chickens ;
Toa minced pye eee
To fruit, sheese, bread, &c.....,
To butter for same ’ os
To hire of two negroca to esaist.......

 

ous
Sue 2S 5200s 22.9

     
  

~

Todressing dinner, &c
To 31 bottles of wine.,..., waeuaee
To beer and syder........ce cece ces

Se-SooS=oSSOOOOom
HScoeFSoscoaauwsah

{
|

£10 10 6

There is a tradition in the neighborhood that
Alexander Hamilton died in the Amos house
after his duel with Aaron Burr, but this is an

error.
Old John MeCullough, now nearly 80, was one
of the frequenters of the tavern about the
middie of the present century, and with him
were such well-known characters as Marty
Keese, Billy Powers, Steve Mitchell, Bo
Mitchell, Hen_Burnert, Phil McConnell, Tim
Weat, Shorty Hendrickson, Pete Masterson,
Devine, John Van Wart and Billy Eyling,

Joe

 

CHARTER ON MUNICIPAL ART.

It Is Proposed to Extend the Powers of the
Manicipal Art Commission,

The Charter Revision Commission will meet
on Tuesday in the Stewart Ruilding to hear
heads of city departments. Deputy Comp-
troller Levey, one of the members of the com-
mission, will offer an amendment to that section
of the Charter which provides for a Municipal
Art Commission. The purpose of the amend-
ment will be to increase the power and scope of
the present commission, It will provide thar,
in the future, no plans for a pubiie building,
bridge, park, or other public work which may

roperiy come within the provisions of the
Municipal Art commission shall be accepted
until approved by the commission

When all heads of departments who desire a
hearing have been heard the Revision Com-
milasion wiil divide itself into committees and to
each committee the drafting of certain amend-

nents will be assigned. ‘Ihe intention is to

ave the work assigned to committees by July
1, *o that members of the commission going out
of town may carry the work with them and be
ready to report when the Revision Commission
reassembles in September.

 

admirable and the colors embrace the complete line that were manufactured in these pat-
terns. Such Silks are considered low priced at 69c.a yard, To-morrow you may have

Boys’ Summer Blouses
At About Half Price.

In the first place these Blouses
would be excellent value at the
regular price, which is almost
twice as much as we ask for them.
The materials of which they are
made are strong and excellent, the

seams are sewn with the toughest
thread that the maker could find
and the patterns and styies are
good ones. Your boy will ‘like
them and you cannot help liking
the price.

Blouses of fine fancy percalesand la
ruffled sailor collars, cuffs and fou
Fast colors. Sizes 3 to 8 years. A 48c.
value at,,

eeeeeeeee Seereressoeerere

Blouses of fine percales in new stripes,
plaids and figured effects. Fast colors,
yoke backs, felled seams and small turns
over collars. Sizes 6 to 14 years. A7Sc.
value for.... 9c

see eerees

Second floor, rear

  
   

 

 

SYNDICATE MILLER TALKS,

His Principals Got the Money—Will Tell 49
When His Term Is Up,

William F. Miller, the manager of the de
funct Franklin Syndicate, who paid 620 per
cent, interest a year on all investments, and
who fled to Canada when he learned the Grand
Jury had indicted him for grand larceny, was
taken from Raymond Street Jail in Brooklynto
Sing Sing by Deputy Warden Wilson and Keeper
Evans yesterday afternoon. Miller was AD-
prised early in the morning that Supreme Court
Justice Gaynor had denied his motion for @
certificate of reasonable doubt and he imme=
diately became dejected and sent for bis coun-
sel, Frederick House and Col, Ammon, He
asked them to go higher than JusticeGaynor,
but they told him that under the law such @
thing was impossible. Col. Ammon advised
him not to make any statement to the press,
but Miller declined to carry out this injunctio
His father, mother and wife were sent for
they arrived at the jail before noon and
mained with him until shortly be' ore be lett
for Sing Sing Prison, where he is to serve ten
years for grand larceny in the first degree.

Before Miller started, Sheriff Watton
served with papers in habeas corpus pr
ings, taken before Judge Thomas hr the Unit
States District Court. The Sheriff was onde
to produce Miller in court on Tuesday in
bankruptcy proceedings. Sheriff Walton consult-
edhis counsel,and acting under their advice he
determined to have Miller taken to Sing Sing,
leaving it for the authorities of that prison
produce Miller in court on Tuesday.

nee made a statement to the report
in which he said he was absolutely innocent
of the charge made against him.

“I was simply an employvee,"he sald, “I was
hired as the inanager of the syndicate and mane
aged it as | was employed to do. I never got
a cent of money, oscevt my pay for working
there, At this minute | have not a cent int
world, and there is not a place where a cent ig
hoarded for me or where | could get a cent
if 1 wanted it. [ did not have a cent when
I was arrested, except the coin that was in my
pocket.

“But there are men who got the money and
who got all of it. They are the men that ough
to be going to Sing Sing instead of me. They
are the guilty men who should be under sene

tence.

Miller then said that the District Attorney
had persecuted him and the police had al
persecuted him for months before the Floy
street office was closed. lle declined to men-
tion the names of the men who were behin
him in the syndicate, but threatened to tel
all he knew about it when he was again at lib-
erty. He said that if he were guaranteed his
liberty he could positively prove that he
wax innocent of the charge against him.

“I was only an employee.” he said. “Leabi
was only an employee and was simply bir
to handle the correspondence. Yet we are
hauled up and made to suffer for other men's
crimes. When I regain my liberty, I'll tell the
whole story.” ;

 

Concert Season Opens in Central Park,

The Twelfth Regiment Band opened the cone
‘ert season yesterday afternoon in Central Park,
There was a «reat crowd in the Mall to hear the
muaic.

The same band will play in the Mall até
o'clock this afterncon. be concerta will cone
tinue each Saturday and Sunday afternecs 6aP
fifteen weeks.

   
  

a