—

—

 

 

 

NS

‘

SOME NEW BOOKS.

' Lactan,

~ Weare indebted to a British army officer,
Lieut.-Col. Henry W. L. Hime, late of the
Royal Artillery, for a biographical and critical
estimate of Lucian, the Syrian Satirist (Long-
mans). It is well known that, of all Greek
writers, Lucian, who,by the way, was nota Greek,
came nearest to exhibiting what may be called
the modern spirit. Indeed, his attitude toward
the official, or popular, religions of ais day was
to some extent identical with that assumed
in the last century by Voltaire, He is a curious
compound of sceptic,cynic and man of the world.
His knowledge, like Voltaire's, was encyclopmdic
rather than profound, His wt was as ready,
his touch as light. Asa crifilc of art he was
undoubtedly superior to the French author, but,
an his day, tt was far easier to bécome a con-
nolaseur, From a moral point of view, he is in-
ferior to Voltaire; apparently, he was incapable
of evincing such generous devotion as Voltaire
displayed on behalf of the Calas family "His writ-
inga; however, are quite as delightful, and
he must have beep equally agreeable in con-
versation. On the whole, his is an interesting
personality, and Col, Hime has rendered us a
service by endeavoring to depict it. We avail
ourselves of those sections of his book which
dea) with the incidents of Lucian’s life and with
the writer's characteristics, passing over, for
the most part, the chapters which discuss
the limits of satire, the classification of Lus
cian's works and the features of his philosophy
and religion.

 

 

 

Lucian was born at Samosata on the Euphrates
between 120 and 130 A. D. He died in Egypt,
where he held a Government appointment,
some time after 19 A D On leaving school
about 140 A. D., he was bound in appre itioeship
to his maternal uncle, a sculptor o* maker
ofimages. Having received, however, . beating
for breaking a model, he left his master and
peturned to his parents. There are in his works,
gevertheless, many nassages which exhibit
a cultivated taste for sculpture and painting,
and it may be to hisearly technical training that
the awakening of his msthetic faculties should be
ascribed. Havingrenounced art and possessing
no taste or aptitude for trade, he turned to
the vocation of philosopher or rhetorician,
which, in the second century of our era, was &
frequented and often lucrative profession,
The study of philosophy, however, exacted

an amount of quiet and continuous thought
that was by no means congenial to Lucian’s
restless mind. For the calling of a rhetorician,

on the ether hand, all that was needful was a
comparatively superficial course of reading in
oratory, history and imaginative literature,
together with a smattering of law. So, after
some hesitation, the young Syrian made his
way into Ionia, which was, at that time, full of
go called schools of art and eloquence, The
kind of rhetoric taught, however, was 0! a hollow
and artificial character; the merits of the ques-
tion argued were nothing; the phraseology
and theatrical delivery were everything. The
professional rhetorician’s business was to utter
the Jongest possible string of sonorous words

and elaborate sentences, “Talk without ceas-
ing,” says Lucian's rhetorician; “say at hap»
hazard whatever occurs to you, But, of all

things, do not hesitate: talk on and on, Never
omit to have friends at hand to applaud you.”
Although Lucian went to Tonia for the pur-
pose of studying rhetoric as t was taught in
his t'me, yet, from the fact that he was poor
and from the absence of any specific allusion
to his teachers in his works the inference seems
warranted that Lucian was more or less selfe
educated However he acquired it, there is
no doubt about the e tent and the accuracy
of the knowledge he displays of the Greek
orators and poets, especially of Homer, He
was well read also in theGreek historians,
conspicuously Herodotus but he regarded
history* exclusively from the literary point of
view, Of the concatenation of events and the
evolution of society he had no notion, It would
be, of course, absurd to expect himto antelpate
the modern conesptions of the philosophy of
history, but, as Col. Hime pointg out, he failed
to rise to the viewpoint of Hegodotus, and much
less of Thucydides, wha"had lived centuries
before him. In his tracté*How History Should
Be Written” Lucian eyplains his views upon
the subject at ren length. The his
torian, he says, shou possess political intelli-
gence, the power gf expressing himself and an
open mind. The /style should be clear and
simple. As to gOmposition, the truth of the
various staterfénts should be established first;
the facts shfuld then be marshalled in order,
finally, thet should be wrought together into a
history. © There is nothing to show that he had

any notion of the existence of that causation in

history which Thucydides recognized. He admits
that Thucydides was truthful, but he does not
seem to have comprehended that, as Freeman has
said, “there is hardly a problem {n the science
of government which the statesman will not
find, if not solved, at any rate handled, in the
pages of the universal master.” In his come
ments on Herodotus Lucian ridicules that his-
torian’s credulity and blunders, but is blind
to the judgment frequently shown by him,
notwithstanding his imperfect information,
and fails to appreciate his perception of the
concatenation of events, Liucian’s education
was defective, also, on the mathematical side,
He failed to master the first principles of geome.
try and science. He jeers at the “points with-
out parts" and “lines without breadth” of geome-
ters: laughs at the belief that the sunisa flaming
mass, and derides the attempt to measure the
distances of the heavenly bodies. “Fellows,”
he says, “who @on't know the number of miles
between Athens and Megara can tellyou the
number of yards between the sun and the moon,
the height of the atmosphere and the depth of
the sea.” Such jests might come naturally
enough {fom a writer living in an ignorant
age, but asa matter of fact they were penned in
Greece by a man who lived 250 years after
Hipparchus and was a contemporary of
Ptolemmus, whose work on astronomy con-
tains the germs of most of the methods in use
at the present day.

Whether Lucian had any acquaintance with
Latin literature is an obscure point, which
Col, Hime discusses in an appendix. He cer-
tainly knew a little Latin, for on one occasion
he was able to narrate the legend of Phaethon
to boatmen who were rowing him up the Tiber.
The author of this book deems it incredible
that a man of quick apprehension, who pos-
sessed any knowledge of Latin at all, should
have spent years in aly and Gaul without
making some attempt to acquaint himself
with the great Latin writers. Why, then, has
ha never directly referred to them? First,
Probably, because he disiiked Rome and the
Romans. He identified himself with the Greeks
and doubtless shared, their jealousy of their
masters. Secondly, in writing, he had his
eye chiefly upon Greek, and not Latin, readers,
The former, of course, would haveno difficulty
in appreciating his Greek uotations, but Latin
quotations would have been unintelligible to
most of them. Col. Hime thinks, however,
that, although he never mentions Latin writers
by name, he more than once silently appropri-
ated thoughts and phrases from Roman authors.

How did it happen that Lucian, although a
barbarian by birth and early rearing, wrote
the best Greek of his time? Col. Hime finds
nothing inexplicable in the fact that an excep-
tionally clever Syrian should have written ex-
cellent Greek after a prolonged sojourn among
Greek-speaking men, Neither ia it hard to
understand his sympathy with Greek life. In
addition to its freedom Greek life had many
points in common with the mode of existence
to which Lucian was born. Owing to the prac-
tide of slavery the purity of the Green :2e8 had
been for centuries becominga fiction. Miltiades,
Thucydides and Demosthenes are examples
to the point. The unions between the Greeks
and their female slaves inevitably introduced
an Oriental element into the national life, and
in the second century of our era there may have
been as close a resemblance between (ireek and
Srrian in manners and habits as there is at the
presenttime. Besides,we must bear in mind that

under the Seleucid kings the greater part of
the region between the Tigris and the Medi¥er-
ranean had been thoroughly Hellenized.

To return to the incidents of Lucian’s ute:

.and Midas and others who lived in the

seems that about 150 A. D., when he was some
25 years old, he began to practise as a rheto-
rician in Ionia and Greece and shortly after-
ward went to’ Rome to see an oculist about his
eyes. Thence he went to North Italy in pur-
suit of profeasional employment and finally
passed into Gaul. In the last-named country
he appears to have obtained some public ap-
pointment and to have accumulated money.
Being now beyond the reach of want he returned
to his native town, which he left as a penniless
boy,and presented himself to his friends as a
public functionary and a well-known rhetorician
and pleader. He was in Ionia and Syria during
the first years of the reign of the EmperorMarcus
Aurelius, and from certain allusions in his writ-
Ings it is inferred that he saw the Emperor
Lucius Verus in Antioch in 162-3 A. D. He
left Antioch apparently in 164 A. D. on his way
to Greece, taking with him his father and fam-
ily. On the way he stopped at Abonotichos
in order to visit Alexander, the famous magi-
cian. He sailed finally for Greece fromthe
Troad in company with Peregrinus, the Cynic,
In the end of 164 or beginning of 165 he was at
Corinth, and in the latter year he visited the
Olympic games, in the course of which Pere-
grinus leaped into the flames and perished.
When Luctan was 40 years of age the most
important event of his life took place. He
abjured rhetoric and after a short hesitation
became a satirist. That a man who was op-
posed or thought he was opposed to imposition
and sham should have followed for fifteen
years such a profession as rhetoric was then
must have been owing to necessity. The ob-
stacle to his quitting rhetoric which poverty
had imposed was removed, however, by his
pecuniary success in Gaul. There may have
been another reason for his renouncing the
rhetorical profession. He must certainly have
made enemies among the rhetoricians. No
man could have suffered ridicule at his hands
without some feeling of resentment. No doubt
he was detested by all the dullards and hypo-
crites in his calling. They hated him beacause
he was a Syrian, a foreign upstart, and they
hated him the more because not one of them
could cope with him in wit, or vie with him in
style. Their enmity would naturally make
him willing to abandon rhetoric as a vocation
when a convenient opportunity occurred. He
was not qualified to become a philosopher,
much leas a acientist. So he became a satirist
of those who devoted their lives to the serious
study of history, science or philosophy. It
is a matter of surmise but not of proof that
henceforth his headquarters were at
Athens until he sailed to take up his govern-
ment appointment in Egypt, where he died.

In thechapter which bears the caption of
“Characteristics,” Col. Hime does not at-
tempt to offer an adequate appreciation of
Lucian's character. That such an appreciation
is possible is denied. The satirist’s character,
being essentially Oriental, defies analysis be-
yondacertain point. As (Coethe has pointed out,
however, there is nothing in which people more
completely betray their character than in what
they find to laugh at. Some idea of Lucian's
character may be gained from the incidents
that amused him. “Come and see the new
arrivals,” he makes Antisthenes say to his com-
panions in the Shades; “it will be pleasant to see
some of them weeping, and to hear others en-
treating to be let go.” Presently, Diogenes,
speaking of certain other ghosts, says, “their
groaning afforded me no common pleasure.”
“I shall laugh when I recognize the naked
Princes on board my _ boat,” says Charon,
“without purple, or diadem, or golden couch."
“I was exceedingly delighted,” says Menippus,
“when I saw the ghosts of men who had
possessed wealth, and birth, and power,

naked and bowed down in the Shades,
recalling as in a dream their former
happiness.” He adds: “The excellent Diog-

enes dwells in the Shades near Sardanapalus,
lap of
luxury: and often, when he hears the:a bo wai)
ing their former fortunes, he rolls on nis back |
with delight and sings in so strident and harsh
a voiceas to drown their lamentations.” “I
could not contain my laughter,” says the same
personage, “when I saw Philip, King of Mac-
edon, in the Shades, eking out an existence by
mending old shoes.” In Lucian's own time
Peregrinus, the Cynic, resolved to prove the
sincerity of his belief by burning himself to
death in public during the Olympic games, Just
before leaping into the flames, he delivered a
short address, hoping, possibly, that the crowd
would compel him to forego his mad design, A
few ofthem didcallout:"Live! For the sake of
the Greeks;” but the majority shouted; “Keep
your promise!” On this, the old man “grew
pale, trembled and was silent.” Col. Hime
submits that, if ever there was a piteous sight,
this was one; yet, in describing the incident
afterward to a friend, Lucian, who was present,
said: “You can easily understand how much I
was diverted by it.”

Luclan's heartlesaness naturally exercised
an evil influence on his works, and there are to
be found in them numerous instances of bad
taste from which a little generosity and kindly
feeling might have saved him. Our author can
find some excuse for a voluminous writer who
describes Neptune as using his trident, “like a
pot stick,” to stir up the sea; or who says of a
multitude of the dead: “Some were old and
mouldering; others,fresh and compact, espec-
cially the Egyptians, owing to the durability of
the pickle.” Our author finds it more diMcult
to sug@est an excuse for Lucian when he tells us
that Peregrinus, on coming forward to leap into
the fire, “stood before the multitude dressed in
a very dirty shirt.” There are other instances
of bad taste for which no apology can be de-
vised. A writer of the second century, A. D.,
could not be reasonably expected to share in
the transports of a poet of the Renaissance
about Helen of Troy. Yet Lucian might have
extended to her some small measure of the
pity shown by Homer. It will be remem-
bered that the aged Priam was melted by her
atief, and moved by her strange loveliness.
Her beauty and her sorrows, however, had no
softening influence for the Syrian satirist. “I
saw Helen in the flesh,” says the talking Cock to
his master, Micyllus,the cobbler; “and her skin
was 80 white and her neck was so long that any-
body could guess her father was aswan. As to
her age, she must have been as old as her moth-
er-in-law, Hecuba.” There is'no wit or‘humor here
because Helen of Troy was no fit flgure for the
finger of scorn or ridicule to point at. “Ha!
fool, dost thou weep?” is the mode in which
Lucian permits Diogenes to address Alexander
the Great {n the Shades. Col. Hime presents
another extract from the “Dialogues of the
Dead.” “Menippus: ‘Are there not some per-
sons shouting on earth?’ Mercury: ‘Yes, and in
a number of different places. A crowd on their
way to an Assembly are shouting for joy at
thedeath of Lampichus, King of the Geloans.
The women have laid violent hands on his wife,
and the boys are stoning his young children.
Others in Sicyon are applauding the funeral
oration of Diophantus, the rhetorician,
over this Crato here; and the mother of
Damasius, the wrestler, with a number of
women, is just beginning fo chant his dirge.
No one seems to care for you, Menippus;
your body is lying in peace. Menippua; Wait
a bit, and you will hear the dogs howling round
it, and the crows flapping their winas when
they come to bury it.” Men making merry
over the death of a fellow man; women har-
rying a woman; boys stoning helpless chil-
dren; dogs tearing a corpse while the crows
impatiently wait their turn; these things our
author finds revolting, but Lucian did not
find them so.

It is further pointed out that Lucian, through-
out his works, pursues with rancor the phil-
oaopher Socrates, living, dying and dead,
We know from Plato’s “Apology” that, when
Socrates was condemned to death, he ex-
claimed to his judges: “The hour of departure
has arrived, and we go our ways--I to die, and
you to live. Which is better, God only knows,”
He returned to his prison, and, when the at-
tendant presented the cup of hemlock to him,
he took it, as Plato tells us, “in the easiest and
gentlest manner, without the least fear or
change of color or features, Hitherto,” con-
tinues the narrator, “most of us had been able
to control our sorrow; but now, when we saw
him drinking, and saw, too, that he had fin-

ished the draught, we could no longer for
bear, and, in spite of more my own ames
were flowing fast.” Presently, “a movemen'
was heard, and the attendants uncovered
him; his eyes were set, and Crito closed his
eyes and mouth, Such was the end of our
friend; concerning whom I may truly say that
of all the men of his time whom I have known
he was the wisest and justest a
is agreed by all,” says Xenophon in his “
rabilia,” “that no man ever suffered death
with greater constancy than Socrates.” Now
let us turn to the version of his death scene
bequeathed to us by Lucian: “Cerberus: ‘AL
a distance, that is before death stared him
in the face, Socrates was of good countenance
and seemed not to fear death at all; and be
evidently wished to impress those looking on
by his fearlessness, But, when he bent down
to enter the cavern, that is, when upon the
point of death; when he saw the dark void
before him; when the hemlock tortured him,
and I, Cerberus, tugged away at his feet, then
he screamed like an infant, lamented his lost
children and would not be comforted.’ Me-
nippus; ‘The man, then, was an impostor,
who was anything but indifferent to death?’
Cerberua: ‘Not quite that; when he found
death was inevitable, he plucked up his cour-
age and made a merit of necessity, in order
to gain the applause of the bystanders.’” It
is evident that all the death of Socrates meant
to Lucian was that there was one philosopher
less in the world.

Let us pass to the agreeable writings, such
as the “Imagines” or “Zeuxis,” in which ancient
works of art are described. Here, for in-
stance, is Lucian's description of Ftion’s picture,
“The Marriage of Alexander the Great,” which
80 delighted Raphael that he painted a picture
on the same subject: “The scene is a handsome
inner chamber with the nuptial bed in it, on
which Roxana, a beautiful girl, is reclining
with her eyes fixed on the ground, as though
ashamed of looking at Alexander. who stands
by She is attended by several laughing
cupids, one of whom is raising her veil to dis-
cover her beauty to the bridegroom, while an-
other, in the capacity of a slave, is pulling off
her slippers. A third lays hold of Alexander's
robe and seems to be drawing him with might
and maintowardthebride. Alexander appears
intheact of offering her a garland. Hephms-
tion stands close to him with a torch in his
hand, leaning upon a handsome youth, whom
I suppose to be Hymen. In another part of
the picture are a number of cupids playing
with Alexander's armor. Two of them, imitat-
{ng porters tottering under an immense bur-
den, are carrying his spear. At a little dis-
tance another, lying upon his shield, is borne
aloft, like a king in triumph, by several others:
while yet another gets into his coat of mail
and conceals himself, with the evident design
of frightening the rest if they come that way.”

In the “Imagines,” which contains a pane-
gyric upon Panthea, the mistress of the Em-

peror Lucius Verus, Lucian supposes the crea-
tion of a statue of perfect grace and beauty
by uniting parts of celebrated existing statues:
“From the Cnidian Venus,” he says, “I shall

take the head alone; the forehead, hair, and per-
fect shape of the vyebrows shall be exactly as
Praxiteles has made them, together with that
swimming softness and vivacity of the eyes
which he has so well represented. The cheeks
and ¢rnression of the face, the well-propor-
tioned wrists and the fingers tapering gently
toward the tips, shall be taken from the Celes-
tial Venus of Alcamenes. Phidias and his
Athene of the Lemnians shall supply us with
the contour of the face and the happy pro-
portion of the nose. The lips and neck shall be
taken from the Amazon of the same artist.
From Calamis we shall borrow the simple dig-
nity of his Sosandra, her solemn and almost
imperceptible smile, and her becoming and
modest robe.”

Of Lucian’s wit and humor it is, of course,
impossible to convey a just notion in a mod-
ern tongue and at such a great distance of
time, although the late Mr. H. D. Tratll under-
jook to do so, and attained no small measure
of success, It is impossible to translate even
a contemporary humorist into a foreign lan-
guase without maltreating him Imagine a
German translation of “Pickwick.” Col. Hime
sovathat he hasseen one, but nobody will envy
him the experience. All English translations
of Moliére and Cervantes labor under like in-
superable obstacles. Then, again, wit and
humor cannot be exhibited by sample. Such
an experiment would be equivalent to tearing
jewels from their settings. We must not,
therefore, be surprised if the examples of
Lucian’s sallies which Col. Hime presents are not
particularly striking. “Where have they
buried you?" asks Diogenes of Alexander the
Great on his arrival in the Shades. “Nowhere,
as yet,” replies the disconsolate monarch,
“This is the third day that I am lying in state
in Babylon.”

In a short sentence Lucian exposes
the habitual miscarriage of justice in the
Athenian law courts of his time. Justice

is ordered by Jupiter to descend to Athens,
accompanied by Mercury, to decide certain
cases, On the way down her movements are so
erratic that Mercury at length exclaims: “Why,
you seem to have forgotien the way.” Lucian’s
description of Truth in “Piscator” is worth quote
ing. Philosophy points out to him Temper
ance and Justice, and adds: “Yonder colcerless
and almost imperceptible form is Truth.” “T
do not see her,” replies Lucian. “Do you not
see her there, naked and unadorned, shrink-
ing back,and seemingly trying to elude us?”
answers Philosophy. The leading  philoso-
phers in “Piscator" declare that they will lay
their charges against Lucian before Philosophy
herself, “Do so by all means,” replies Lucian,
“but where are you to find her? I know not
where she lives: T have searched for her house
long and vainly. Meeting with many cloaked
and bearded persons, your own followers,
who declared they had just come from her,
I bewged them to direct me to her house; but,
while some of them returned me no answer at
all, others pointed out, some one, some an-
other door.” A Cynic in “Piscator,” failin to
undergo cross-examination before Philosophy,
Virtue and Truth, files in such confusion that
he leaves his bag behind him. “Open it,” says
Philosophy: “The (Cynics mortify the flesh,
and you will only find a few beans and black
bread, or, perhaps, a book.” “Not at all,”
says Parrhesiades, producing the contents;
“gold, perfume, a sacrificial knife, a looking-
giass and -dice!”

luctan makes Aristenetus give a dinner toa
few friends at Athens and omit to invite a
neighboring philosopher, one Eteemocles. In
the middle of the dinner, a letter arrives from
the sage of which the following is an extract:
“Eteemocles, the philosopher to Aristenetus,
greeting’ My past life bears witness to the
contempt I feel for dinners. Overwhelmed
as 1 am daily by invitations from persons wealth-
ier than you, I have never, on principle, yielded
to their importunity, knowing that these din-
ners give rise generally to riot and inebriety.
But this fact does not lessen the mortification
I feel at your omission to invite me to-day,
notwithstanding the assiduous court I have ever
paid you, But, in truth, I am more grieved on
your account than on my own—grieved to find
you have so ungrateful a heart. Iam not a man
whose happiness depends on a plate of wild
boar, or hare, or pastry: Tam supplied with these
good things even tosatiety, by persons of birth
and breeding. As proof of what I say I may
mention that, although bidden to-day by my
disciple Pamenes to a feast (which they tell ma
was sumptuous), I refused the invitation and
foolishly reserved myself for you. You cannot
say that you forgot me in the hurry of the prep-
arations for your dinner, for I twice addiresed
you personally this very day; once, not many
paces from your own door, and again in the
Temple of the Dioscuri, where you were offer-
ing sacrifice. In case it may occur to you
to send me by my servant a slice of wild boar,
venison or pastry (as some compensation for
the dinner I have lost), let me say that I have
strictly forbidden him to be the bearer of any
such gift, lest you might suspect I had sent him
with so mean an object.” Even to us this letter
is not unamusing; to those familiar with the type

|

o Shin yy Cen 1 as
meen gear eS) ,

of. which Eteemocies was an example, it must
have been much more diverting.

’

Iv.

What was Lucian’s religion, and whether
he had any at all, are questions that have given
rise to some controversy. Writing as he did
in the second century, and aiming to please
highly cultivated Greeks, it is not, perhape,
rising that he regarded the Chrisi‘anity
of his time as a superstition. Christianity,
however, was by no means the sole target of
his satire. He looked upon all religions as
superstitions. “He denies them all,” says Re-
nan; “he attacks all religious beliefs,” says
M. Martha in his “Moralists Under the Roman
Empire.” Signor Cantu has pointed out that Lu-
cian’s attack upon an Overruling Power marks
one of the radical distinctions between him
and Voltaire, Both poasessedextreme clever-
ness rather than genius, extraordinary versa-
tility and acuteness, a withering wit and an
inimitable style. In Col. Hime's opinion,
Lucian’s inferiority to Voltaire has been ex-
aggerated. It is true that he was neither
man of science, poet, philosopher nor drama-
tist, as was Voltaire; but he outstripped Vol-
taire in every species of composition in which
imagination plays the leading part. Voltaire
was by no means distinguished in art criticism,
in which Lucian occupies the front rank, and
he is so inferior as to be out of all comparison
with Lucian in picturesque narrative. Both
of them struck at a great religion, but they
had very different objects in view. Voltaire,
a theist, tried to level the obstacles that barred
the way into the temple of Theism; Lucian, an
atheist, tried to raze the temple itself. Under
no ciroumstances could Lucian have been
suceessful. Mankind in general may be per-
suaded to exchange its religion for a better
one, but refuses to part with it foran empty
scepticism or blank atheism. Lucian had noth-
ing better to offer. fis satire is essen-
tially destructive. The conclusion arrived at
by our author is that, although possessed of a
keen understanding, Luciani was not a think-
ing man in the highest sense of the phrase; a
conclusion supported by Goethe's remark

“The man of understanding finds almost every -
thing ridiculous; the man of thought scarcely
anything.” Lucian shrewdly abstained from
the attempt to formulate a philosophical creed
for himself; for, though ever ready to pull
down, he was incapable of building up. His
mind was shallow, his views were narrow, and
his ideals were low. He had neither the pa-
tience nor the ability to study and compare the
merita of large svstems of thought, and he had
not heart enough to be a moralist. Geometry

and astronomy, as we have seen, he held to be
nonsense; philosophy a delusion and all religion
a@ superstition M. W. H.

 

Some Incidents tn Lincoln's Life.

We have had at least a dozen biographies of
Lincoln, and, at first thought, an addition to

the list might seer superfluous. This is not
the case, however. A good deal of new and in-
teresting material will be found in the Life of

Abraham Lincoln (2 volumes), by IDA M. TarR-
RELL (Doubleday & McClure Company). How
the material was procured we are told in the
preface, It seems that the editors of Me-
Clure'a Magazine established what might be
called a Lincoln Bureau, and thence instituted
an organized search for reminiscences, pictures
and documents. All persons supposed to pos-
seas or know of data relating to Lincoln were
invited to communicate with the editor. The
author of the book before us wrote thousands
of letters and travelled thousands of miles in
quest of information. A series of articles based
on the facts thus obtained was begun in Me-
Clure'a Magazine in 1895, and concluded in Sep-
tember, 1899. It is these articles, together with
considerable supplementary matter, which are
now published in book form.

There is no doubt that the new material
here collected materially increases our know-
ledge of Lincoln’s life. For example, docu-
ments are presented proving that his mother
was not the nameless girl that she has been
generally believed to be. His father, Thomas
Lincoln, is shown to have been something more
than a shiftleas “poor white.” and it is made
evident that Lincoln's early years, although
passed amid a crude environment, were ani-
mated by a cheerful and persistent effort at
self-improvement His struggle for a liveli-
hood and his intellectual development up to
the time when he was admitted to the bar are
traced with more detail than in any other bi-
ography. Again, the sensational account of
his running away from his own wedding,
hitherto commonly accepted by historians, is
proved false. For the period of Lincoln's career
from 1849 to 1858, the period which included
the Lincoln and Douglas debate, the most
important contribution here made is the report
of what is known as the “lost speech.” The
second volume of this book contains in an
appendix no fewer than 196 pages of letters,
telegrams and speeches which do not appear
in Lincoln's so-called “complete works.” pub-
lished by his private secretaries, Messrs. Nicolay
and Hay. The great majority of these docu-
ments have never been published at all. The
author of this book is careful to point out in
every case the source from which they have
ben procured. We observe, finally, with
satisfaction, that this book is a blography in
the true sense of the word, and makes no at-
tempt to depict the history of Lincoln's time
except as references to contemporary events
are needed in tracing the development of his
mind and in exemplifying his moral qualities,

 

I,

It is the new material brought forward in
the present biography to which this notice
will confine itself. We should begin with a
glance at Lincoln's genealogy, in order to bring
out the fact that his father, Thomas Lincoln,
and his mother, Nancy Hanks, were first cousins,
and also in order to demonstrate that Lincoln
was of Puritan stock. It seems that, between
the years 1635 and 1645, there came from
the west of England to the town of Hingham,
Mass,, eight men named Lincoln. Three of
these, Samuel, Daniel and Thomas, were
brothers. Of these brothers, two, Daniei
and Thomas, died without heirs, but Samuel
left a large family including four sons. The
fourth son of Samuel Lincoln was called Mor-
decai. He became a rich “blacksmith,” as
an ironworker was called in those days, and
the proprietor of numerous iron works, saw-
mills and grist mills, which, with a goodly
amount of money, he distributed at his death
among his children and grandchildren. Two
of his children, Mordecai and Abraham, did
not remain in Massachusetts, but removed
to New Jersey, where both became rich and
left fine estates to their children. John, one
of the sons of this second Mordecai, removed
to Virginia about 1758. “Virginia John,” as
this member of the family was called, had five
sons, the third of whom was named Abraham.
To him his father conveyed in 1773 a tract of
210 acres in what is now Rockingham county,
Va. Though Abraham Lincoln prospered and
added to his possessions, he was not contant
to remain there, but took part in the migratory
movement to the rich Western country soon
to be known as Kentucky. Selling his land
in Virginia for £5,000, in the depreciated
currency of the time and place. he moved with
his family, consisting of a wife and five chil-
dren, to Kentucky, and entered 400 acres
on Long Run in Jefferson county; 800 acres
on Green River, near the Green River Liok.
and 500 acres in Campbell county. He settled
near the first tract, where he undertook to clear
a farm. According to tradition, he lived at
Hughes Station, on Floyd Creek, in Jeffer-
son county. All went well with him and bis
family until 1788, when he was killed by an
Indian. His death was a terrible blow to his
household. The large tracts of land which
he had entered were, for the most part, atill
uncleared, and his personal property was small,
although in this respect he was as well Dro-
vided, apparently, as were most of his nelgh-
bors. This may be inferred from the extant
inventory of his estate, which is reproduced
in the book before us,

Soon after his death his widow moved to
Washington county, where the eldest sen,
Mordecai, became a well-to-do citizen, and
was at one time elected Sheriff. Abraham Lin-

THE SUN, .SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.

rr a SD

coln’s death proved’ disastrous
for his youngest son, @ lad of 10
time, named Thomas, for it turned hin
to become a “wandering laboring boy” before
he had learned to read. For several years he
supported himself by rough farm
kinds, acquiring in the meantime the
carpenter and cabinetmaker.
one of his acquaintances, “Tom
of tools in what was then, and is now,

trade of

those days, when a cabin was built mainly

According to: marriage. The bride,
bad the best set silken gown, and nervously toying with the
Washing- ,
ton county,” and was “a good carpenter for | Nothing was

with the axe, dnd had not a nail or a bolt-hinge |

init: only leathers and pins to the door, and no
glass.” Although a skilled craftsman for his
day, he never became a thrifty or ambitious
man. It is sald that “he would work energeti-
cally enough when a job was brought to him,
but he would never seek a job.” Yet, if he plied
his trade spasmodically, he shared the ploneer's
love for land, for, when but 25 yeara old, and
still free from the burden of a family, he bought
a farm in Hardin county. Upon this fact the
present biographer justly lays stress, for it
proves that Thomas Lincoln was not the al-
together shiftless man that he has been pictured.
He must have been above the grade of the or-
dinary country boy to have had, while engaged
in agricultural labor, the energy and ambition
to learn a trade and to secure a farm through
his own efforts by the time he was 25. It'is
true that he remained illiterate, never doing
more “in the way of penmanship than to write
bunglingly his own name.” Nevertheless, he
ha.' the reputation of being good-natured and
obliging, and of possessing what his neighbors
called “good, strong horse-sense.” Although,
too, he was a very quiet sort of a man, he was
known to be determined in his opinions and
quite competent to defend his rights by force
if they were too flagrantly violated. He was
a moral man, and, in the crude way of the pio-
neer, religious.

 

mW.

We now come to ono of the puinis in which
the present book must be deemed a decided
improvement upon previous biographies. In
1806 Thomas Lincoln married. The early hia-
tory of his wife, Nancy Hanks, has been, until
recently, obscured by contradictory traditions.
She has been described as an illegitimate child,
brought up by hand and densely illiterate,
and it has even been asserted that she was never
married to Thomas Lincoln. The compilation
of the genealogy of the Hanks family in Amer-
iea. which has | e:n completed by Mrs. Caroline
Hanks Hitchcock, has cleared up the mystery
of her b*th. According to the records brought
together by Mrs. Hitchcock, the progenitor of
Thomas Lincoln's wife came to this country
in 1600 and settled in Plymouth, Mass. This
first emigrant of the name, Benjamin Hanks,
had eleven children, one of whom, William,
went to Virginia, and settled near the mouth
of the Rappahannock River. \illiam = anks
had five sons, four of whom, about the middle
of the eighteenth century, moved to Amelia
county, Va, where, according to deeds un-
earthed by Mrs. Hitchcock, they owned nearly
a thousand acres of land. Joseph Hanks, the
youngest of these sons, married \ancy Shipley.
This Miss Shipley was a caughter of Robert and
Rachel Shipley and a sister of Mary Shipley, who
married Abraham Lincoln of Rockingham county,
and who was toe mother of Thomas Lincoln.
About 1789 Joseph Hanks and a number of his
relatives in Amelia county moved to Kentucky,
where he settled near to what is now Eliza-
bethtown, Here he remained until his death
in 1793. He left to each of his son a horse
and toeach of his daughters aheifer yearling
though these bequests, as well as the “whole
estate” of 180 acres of land, was to be the prop-
erty of his wife during her life, when it was to
be divided equally among all the children.
A little after Joseph Hanks’s death his wife died
and his family was scattered.

The youngest of the eight children thus left
orphans was a little girl called Nancy. She
was but ® years old at the time, anda home
was found for her with her aunt, Lucy Shipley,
wife of Richard Berry, who had a farm in Wash-
ington county near Springfield. Here, we are
told, “the little girl grew up into a sweet-tem-
pered and beautiful young woman, whom tradi-
tion represents not only as the centre of all the
country merry-making but asa famous spinner
and housewife,” Theauthor of this book deems
it probable that Thomas Lincoln met his first
cousin, Naney Hanks, at Richard Berry's house,
for he doubtleas spent more or less time with
his oldest brother, Mordecai Lincoln, who was
a neighbor of the Berrys. He may have seen
her, too, at the home of her brother, Joseph
Hanks, in Elizabethtown, This Joseph Hanks
was a carpenter, and had inherited the old home
of the family, and it was with him that Thomas
Lincoln learned his trade. At all eventa, the
two cousina became engaged, and, on June
16, 1806, their marriage bond was issued accord-
ing to the law of the time. Two days later,
according to the marriage returns of the Rev.
Jesse Head, they were married, a fact duly
attested by the marriage certificate made
out by the officiating minister. The marriage
bond and the marriage return are extant, and
facsimiles thereof are published in the hook
before us. The marriage took place at Richard
Berry's home near Beechland in Washington
county, Ky. Thither came all the neigh-
bors, and, according to a Kentucky centenar-
fan, Dr, Christopher Columbus Graham, even
those who chanced to be in the vicinity were made
welcome. Dr. Graham recounts how he heard
of the wedding while “out hunting for roote,”
and went “just to get Mood supper.” “I aaw
Nancy Hanks Lincoln at her wedding,” he con-
tinues, “a fresh-looking girl, I should say over
twenty. I was at the infair, too, given by
John H. Parrott, her guardian—-and only girls
with money had guardians appointed by the
court, We had bear meat, venison, wild turkey
and ducks; eggs, wild and tame, so common
that you could buy them at two bits a bushel;
maple sugar, strung on a string to bite off for
coffee or whiskey: sirup in big gourds; peach-
and-honey; a sheep that the two families bar-
becued whole over coals of wood burned in a
pit, and covered with green boughs to keep the
juice in; and arace for the whiskey bottle,”

After his marriage Thomas Lincoln settled in
Elizabethtown, His home was a log cabin,
but, at that date, few people in Kentucky had
anything else. Here the first child of the
Lincolns, @ daughter, was born. Soon after
this event Thomas Lincoln decided to com-
bine farming with his trade, and moved to the
tract he had bought in Hardin county. Here he
was living when, on Feb. 12, 1809, his second
child, a boy, was born. The little newcomer
was called Abraham after his grandfather, a
name which had persisted for several generation
in both the Lincoln and Hanks families, It
is well known that, in 1816, Thomas Lincoln
emigrated to Spencer county, Ind.. not far
from the village of Gentryville. Two years
later Nancy Lincoln died, and, after atime,
the widower went back to Kentucky and brought
home a new wife, Sallie Bush Johnston, a widow
with three children, In the spring of 1830,
when Abraham was 21 years old, his
father, Thomas Lincoln, resolved to leave
Indiana. The reason given for the removal was
a disease called the “milk-sick.” Abraham
Lincoln's mother, Nancy Hanks Lincoln, and
several of their relatives who had followed

them from Kentucky had died of it. Cattle had
been carried off by it. Neither brute nor

human life seemed to be safe. The place
chosen for a new home was the Sangamon
country in Central Illinois. It was at that day
a country of great renown in the West, the name
meaning “the land where there is plenty to
eat.”

 

We turn to the refutation of the story that
Lincoln ran away from his own wedding.
There is no doubt that Lincoln's engagement
to Miss Todd was broken off apparently on
Jan. 1, 1841. It was one of Lincoln's law part-
ners, W. H. Herndon, who circulated a sen-
satiqnal version of the rupture. According to
Mr. Herndon, the engagement was broken in
the most violent and public way possible by
Lincoln's failure to appear at the wedding.
Mr. Herndon describes the scene in detail as
follows: “The time fixed for the marriage was
the first day of January, 1841. Careful prep-
arations for the happy occasion were made at

Ee SSS SSS sss Ssh lls ste esses omesnineinmtamo
_

the Edwards mansion. The house underwent

years at the | the customary renovation; the furniture was
him adrift | properly arranged, the rooms neatly deco-

rated, the supper prepared and the
quests invited. The latter assembled on

work of all | the evening in question, and awaited in ex-
| pectant pleasure the interesting ceremony of

bedecked in veil and

flowers in her hair, sat in the adjoining room.
lacking but the groom. For
some strange reason he had been delayed. An
hour passed, and the guests, as well as the
bride, were becoming restless. But they were
all doomed to disappointment. Another hour
passed; messengers were sent out over town,
and, each returning with the same report, it
became apparent that Lincoln, the principal
in this little drama, had purposely failed to
appear. The bride, in grief, disappeared t
her room; the wedding supper was left un-
touched; the guests quietly and wonderingly
withdrew; the lights in the Edwards mansion
were blown out, and darkness settled over
all for the night. What the feelings of a lady
as sensitive, passionate and proud as Miss Todd
were we can only imagine; no one can ever de-
scribe them. By daybreak, after persistent
search, Lincoln's friends found him. Restless,
gloomy, miserable, desperate, he seemed an ob-
ject of pity. His friends, Speed among the
number, fearing a tragic termination, watched
him closely in their rooms day and night.
Knives and razors, and every instrument that
could be used for self-destruction, were re-
‘moved from his reach. Mrs. Edwards did
not hesitate to regard him as insane, and, of
course, her sister Mary shared in that view.”
It will be observed that Mr. Herndon does not
profess to found this story on any personal
knowledge of the affair. He was in Spring-
fleld at the time, a clerk in a store, but, accord-
ing to the author of this book, who has insti-
tuted careful inquiries, he did not have then,
nor, indeed, did he ever have. any social re-
lations with the families in which Lincoln was 4
welcome guest. His alleged authority for the
story is a remark which he says Miss Todd's
sister, Mra. Ninian Edwards, made to him in
an Interview: “Lincoln and Mary were en-
gaged; everything was ready and prepared for
the marriage, even to the supper. Mr. Lin-
coln failed to meet his engagement; cause, in-
sanity.” This remark, it is to be noted, is not
quoted from a manuscript written by Mrs.
Edwards, but occurs in a report of an interview
with her written by Mr. Herndon. Our author
points out that, if such a thing ever took place,
it could not have failed to be known to all the
relatives and friends of both Miss Todd and
iAncoln. As a matter of fact, it turns out that
nobody ever heard of this wedding ‘party until
Mr. Herndon gave his story to the public. The
evidence on this point accumulated in the book
before us is overwhelming. For instance, one
of the closest friends of the Lincolns through-
out their lives was a cousin of Mrs. Lincoln,
Mrs. Grimsley, who afterward married Dr.
Brown. Mrs. Grimsley lived in Springfield
on the most intimate relations with Mr. and
Mrs. Lincoln, and the first six months of their
life in the White House she spent with them.

In August, 1895, some months before her
death, a copy of Mr. Herndon's story was sent
to her, with a request that she write for publi-
cation her knowledge of the affair. In reply
she sald: “Did Mr. Lincoln fail to appear
when the invitations were out and the supper
ready for the wedding? I will say emphat-
cally, ‘No.’ There may have been,” she adds,
“a little shadow of foundation for Mr. Hern-
don's lively imagination to play upon, in that
a@ year previous to the marriage, and when
Mr. Lincoln and my cousin Mary expected
soon to be married, Mr. Lincoln was taken
with one of those fearful periods of depres-
sion which induced Mr. Lincoln's friends to
persuade him to leave Springfield.” let us
now call another witness. At the date when
this book was given to the press Mrs. John
Stuart, the wife of Lincoln's law partner in
the early forties, was still living in Springfield,
and remembered perfectly the events of that
day. When Mr. Herndon's story first came
to her attention her indignation was intense.
She protested that never before had she heard
of such a thing. She wrote the following
statement for this biography: “I cannot deny
this, as I was notin Springfield for some months
before and after this occurrence is said to
have taken place: but I was in close coffee
spondence with relatives and friends during
all this time and never heard a word of it.
The late Judge Broadwell told me that he had
asked Mr. Ninian Edwards about it, and Mr.
Edwards told him that no such thing had ever
taken place. All I can say is that I unhes-
itatingly do not believe such an event ever
occurred. I thought I had never heard of this
till I saw it in Herndon’s book. I have
since been told that Lamon mentions the same
thing. I read Lamon at the time he pub-
lished, and felt very much disgusted, but did
not remember this particular assertion. The
first chapters of Lamon's book were pur-
chased from Herndon; so Herndon is responsi-
ble for the whole. Mrs. Lincoln told me her-
self all the circumstances of her engagement,

to Mr. Lincoln, of his illness, and the
breaking off of her engagement, of
the renewal, and her marriuge. So I say

I do not believe one word of this dishonorable
story about Mr. Lincoln.” Another conspic-
uous member in the same circle was Mrs. D. T.
Edwards, sister-in-law of Mr. Ninian Edwards,
who had married Miss Todd's sister. She
came to Springfield in 1839, and waa intimately
acquainted with Mr. Lincoln and Miss Todd.
She is still living in Springfield and is recog-
nized as a woman of absolute trustworthi-
ness. In answer to the question, “Is Mr. Hern-
don’s description true?” she writes: “I am
impatient to tell you that all that he says about
this wedding, the time for which was ‘fixed
for the first day of January,’ is a fabrication.
He has drawn largely upon his imagination
in describing something which never took
place. I know the engagement between Mr.
Lincoln and Miss Todd was interrupted for
a time, and it was rumored among her young
friends that Mr. Edwards—that is, her brother-
in-law—had rather opposed it. But I am sure
there had been no time fixed for any wed-
ding; that is, no preparations had ever been
made, until the day that Mr. Lincoln met Mr.
Edwards on the street and told him that he
and Mary were going to be married that even-
ing. Upon inquiry, Mr. Lincoln said they
would be married in the Episcopal Church,
to which Mr. Edwards replied: ‘No, Mary
is my ward, and she must be married at my
house.’ If I remember rightly, the wedding
guesta were few, not more than thirty; and it
seems to me all are gone now but Mrs. Wal-
lace, Mrs. Levering and myself, for it was
not much more than a family gathering; only
two or three of Mary Todd's young friends
were present.”

Two sisters of Mrs. Lincoln who‘are still living,
Mrs. Wallace of Springfield and Mrs. Helm of
Elizabethtown, Ky., deny emphatically that
any wedding was ever arranged het ween Lincoln
and Miss Todd except the one which actually
took place. That the engagement was broken
after a wedding had been talked of they think
possible, but Mr. Herndon’s story they deny
emphatically. “There is not a word of truth
in it!” Mrs. Wallace broke out impulsively be-
fore the question about the non-appearance
of Mr. Lincoln at the wedding had been finished
“I never was so amazed in my life as when I
read that story. Mr. Lincoln never did such
athing.” As all through this period Mr. Joshua
Speed was Mr. Lincoln's closest friend, no
thought or feeling of the one ever being con-
cealed from the other, Mra. Joshua Speed, who
is still living in Louisville, Ky., was asked if
she knew of the story. Mrs. Speed listened in
surprise to Mr. Herndon's tale. “I never heard
of it before,” she declared. “I never heard of
it. If it ia true, I never heard of it.” During
the progress of the investigation, the results
of which are here chronicled, a volunteer wit-
ness to the falsity of the story appeared unex-
pectedly. It appears that H. W. Thornton
of Millersburg, Ill, was amember of the Twelfth
General Assembly which sat in Springfleld in
1840-41. During that winter he was boarding
near Lincoln, saw him almost every dar, was
a constant visitor at Mr. Edwards's house and
knew Mise Todd well. He wrote to the author,

{
f

a

rr a a

declaring that Mr. Herndon’s statement aboug
the wedding must be false, as he was closely
associated with Miss Todd and Mr. Lincoly
all winter and never knew anything of jt. Mr,
Thornton went on to say that he knew beyond q
doubt that the sensational account of Lincoln's
temporary insanity was untrue, and he quoted
from the House journal to show how impossible
it was that as Lamon says, using Herndon's
notes, “Lincoln went crazy as a loon and did
not attend the Legislature for this reason ” of
that, as Herndon says, he had to be watched
constantly. According to the record taken
from the journals of the House by Mr. Thornton,
which has been verified in Springfield,
Lincoln was in his seat on the “fatal ist of
January,” when he is alleged to have beeg
groping in the shadow of madness, and he wag
also therw on the following day. During the
whole of January and February he was abseng
not more than seven days; as good a record
of attendance, perhaps, as that made by the
average member.

Iv. 7
What is known as Lincoln's “lost speech@
was delivered at the Republican State
Convention, which met in Bloomington,
Ill., on May 20, 1856. Throughout the
North the excitement over Kansas had
risen almost to the pitch of frenzy. The
new State was in the hands of a pro-slavery
mob, her Governor was a prisoner, her capital
was in ruins and her voters were intimidated
The newspapers, too, were full of accounts of
the attack on Sumner in the United Stateg
Senate by Brooks. It is not surprising thag
when the convention met its members were
resolved upon taking radical action. It adopted
a platform, appointed delegates to the Repube
lican National Convention and nominated q
State ticket, thus completing the work of ore
ganizing the Republican party in Dlinois. Them
came a call for speeches. The convention fel»
the need of some powerful amalgamating forca,
which would weld together its discordant eles
ments. In spite of the best intentions of the
members they knew that in their hearts still
lingered political enmities, that the Whig was
still a Whig, the Democrat a Democrat, thé
Abolitionist an Abolitionist. Man after mag
was summoned to the platform and spoke
without producing any marked effect, when
suddenly there was a cry raised for a name not
on the programme. “Lincoln! Lincoln! Give
us Lincoln!” The crowd took up the cry and
made the hall ring until a tall figure arose ag
the back of the audience and slowly strode
down the aisle. As he turned toward his audi-
tors, there came gradually a great change upon

his face. As Judge Scott of Bloomington
told the author of this book: “There
was on his countenance an expres

sion of intense emotion. It was the emotion
of a great soul. Even in stature he seemed
greater. He seemed to realize that it was a
crisis in his life.” T.incoln, in fact, had come
to the parting of the ways, to the moment whea
he must break publicly with his party.

For two years he had tried to fight slavery
extension under the name of a Whig. He
had found it could not be done, and now, in
spite of the efforts of the conservative friends
who had tried vainly to keep him away from
the Bloomington Convention, he was facing that
body, determined to acknowledge openly that,
henceforth, he should work with the Republican
party. Lincoln's extraordinary insight and
sympathy told him, as he looked at his audi-
ence, that what these earnest but hesi-
tating and groping men needed was to feel
that they had espoused a cause of such tran-
scendent import that beside it all previous
associations, ambitions and duties were as
nothing. If he could make them see the trivis
ality of their differences, as compared with
the tremendous principle of the new party,
he was certain that they would go forth Ree
publicans in spirit as well as in name.

We are told that he began his speech deeply
moved and with a profound sense of the moe
mentous nature of the crisis. At first he spoke
slowly and haltingly, but gradually grew in
vigor and intensity, until his hearers arose
from their chairs and, with pale faces and
quivering lips, pressed unconsciously toward

him. Starting from the back of the
deep platformon which he stood, his handae
on his hips, he slowly advanced  towe

ard the front, his eyes blazing, his face white
with passion, his voice resonant with the force
ofhisconviction. Ashe advanced he seemed to
his audience to expand in bulk and stature,
and when, at the end of a period, he stood at
the edge of the stage, hands still on the hips,
head back, raised on his tiptoes, he seamed
like a giant inspired. “At that moment,”
Judge Scott has testified, “he was the
handsomest man I ever saw.” So powere
ful was the effect upon his auditors that men
and women wept as they cheered, and children
who were there that night atill recall the scene,
although at the time they understood nothe
ing of its meaning. As he went on there came
on the convention the emotion he sought to
quicken. “Every one in that assembly, before
incongruous, came to feel as one man, to think
as one man and to purpose and resolve as one
man,” says one of his hearers. He had made
every man of them Republicans. He did
something more. The indignation which the
outrages in Kansas had aroused was uncons
trolled. Men had talked passionately of war. It
was at this meeting that Lincoln, after firing
his hearers by an expression which became a
watchword of the campaign, “we wont go out
of the Union, and you shan't,” poured oil on
the wrath of the Illinois opponents of the Naa
braska bill by advising “ballots, not bullets ®

Nothing better exemplifies the extraordie
nary influence of Lincoln's speech at Bloominge
ton than the impression made on the newse
paper reporters.’ Among these was Mr. Joseph
Medill. “I did make,” he recalls, “a few para-
graphs of what Lincoln said in the firet eight
or ten minutes, but I became so absorbed in
his magnetic oratory, that I forgot myself
and ceased to take notes, and joined with the
convention in cheering, and stamping and claps
ping, to the endof hisspeech. I well remember
that after Lincoln sat down and calm had suc»
ceeded the tempest, I waked out of a sort of
hypnotio trance. It was some sort of satise
faction to find that I had not been ‘scooped.’ aa
all the newspaper men present had been equally
carried away with the excitement caused
by the wonderful oration, and had made no
report, or even sketch, of the speech.” They
all went home and wrote burning editorials
about the oration and the great principle which
it embodied, but, as to reproducing it, they could
not. Men came to talk of it all over Illinois.
They comprehended that it had been a purie
fying fire for the party, but, as to what it cone
tained, noone couldsay. Gradually, it became
known as Lincoln's “lost sreech.”

Although, however, the convention lost it@
head nearly to a man, there was one auditor
who had enough self-control to pursue his
usual habit of making notes of the speeches
he heard. This was Henry C. Whitney, a young
lawyer on the same circuit as Lincoln. Fot
some three weeks before the convention, Line
coln and Whitney had been attending court at
Danville. They had discussed the political
situation in the State carefully, and Lincoln
had outlined to Whitney his convictions and
determination. In a way, Whitney may be
said to have absorbed Lincoln's speech before
hand, as, indeed, any one must have done who
consorted with Lincoln when he was preparing
an address, it being his habit to discuss point@
and to repeat them aloud, indifferent to wha
heard him. Whitney had gone to the convene
tion intending to make notes, knowing, as he
did, that Lincoln had not written out what he
was going to say. Fortunately, he had a head
cool enough to keep to his purpose. He mee
his notes, and, on returning to the house Us
Bloomington where he, with Linee!n and one of
two others, were staying, he enlarged them
while the others discussed the speech, These
notes Whitney kept for many vears, alway®
intending to write them out, but never doing so
until the author of thia book,in 1804, learned
that he had them, and urged him to expand
them. This Mr. Whitney did, and the “lost
speech” was first published in Met lure's Mogae
zine for September, 1896. It will be found repro-
duced in full im the appendix to the second ef
these volumes,

i}