THE CAUSE OF WOMAN,

<ap EXPERIENCE WITH A MAN
“ THE CONGRESS OF MOTHERS.

Remarks—Why Seffragists

 

Chrisman's
De Not Let Men Address Thelr Public
Meetings Until They Know What the Men
will Say Another Falsehood Nailed.
The Congress of Mothers, which has just
aed at Les Moines, learned by experience,
) moat women's organizations find out
=s ier, that it is extremely unsafe to
{dress them, Unless they ascertain
ah i what he is going to say, Some
. » established a reputation as
ors are seized With a peculiar aberration
: oe y attempt to address a body

, fow vears ago & leading member
University faculty made ea
Women's Congress of the Pacifle

} began by saying that “women
breeding anunals,” and then

4 to discuss their qualifications for
‘ The university was saved from
sgrace and the congress from an explosion
by the beautiful address of another pro-
- Faward Howard Griggs, on “The Ideal
‘b he was able to consider her
her standpoint than that of

.

SOO stt ae wr coo tore ert
2 = =

nw

- st ee
's
oe

nwritten law among the suffrage
y t they shall never declare from
hat they will do with the ballot

y wetit Almost without exception,

ay ver, wuen they put a masculine speaker
the programine he launches forth into a
noon of how when women possess the
anehise they will annihilate every saloon in
the United States, including the sideboards in
clubs and private families; abolish all gambling,
even proare hre forthe benefitof the
Church, sweepevery evil out of existence, trans-
the earth into a paradise and usher in the
emnium. As aresuit most of the men who
eneech of read about it decide at once
tight woman euffrage to the iast

dyocates tha

ey rm WwW

   

 

t
t
.
b
or
dé
fr

 

ive eur

hey will

 

4 good many of the unconverted women
gre pot sure that they are ready for this new
dispensation, while the suffragists themselves
would prefer not to see their votesdisposed of
bo lar advance,

ere (s one thing aCongress of Mothers
ove all else itis plenty of good advice
ren, and if there is one thing men love

 

to do above all others it Is to give advice to
women in regard to their duties as wives and
Mothers. Inorder to do this it is not necessary
that these men should themselves be husbands
and fathers, any moge than it is necessary for
i

f Mothers to be composed of wives
thers. A lot of theory and plenty of
rs are all that is needed. In addition
} ral delight of men to expatiate on
e {and motherhood it seems that those
the Mothers’ Congress were
services, and this alone would
sence of rather an unusual nume-

non the platform
ster invoked the blessing of
Jesus Christ, who sanctified
deigning to be

&

(

!

%

v

‘

’

t

.

the name of mother by

horn of human. flesh.” kx-Gov. Frank
] of welcome
ad

nN

¥

t

&

a

b

a

Congress ¢

 

iddressed

the pre
\

 

Jackson in his address f c
eplored the mistaken views of the “new” wo-
nd the “new” girl, and said the new wo-

  

'
man
ur

everything except motherhood.” “The new

oman,
ig that

nd true

the sands of the sea!”

And then there was Chrisman—Prof. Oscar
Chrisman of the Kansas State Normal School!
The congress is under obligations to him for
hrousing public interest in what threatened
After a brief
description of the difference in the anatomy of

t) be a very monotonous affair

men and of women, he said

Man is reason and the college courses are for the
‘or the Woman who wants
there
jut the vast majority of
omen wantno sueb training, Lence they do not enter

   

training of this reason. F
her reason trained — to mak
Ee great oppor ties. F

  

of herself a man

 

ur universities,

Te it right to give our girls sneha study as will

   
 
 

keep marriage and child getting before them? What
do you build and furnish yx fine parlors for? What
do you have parties and lals for? What do you
@rress your girls in the finest and best clothing for?

 

For what purposes do y
For no «
marraceable.
Your daughter
dressed (n the best.
ventece, This be
educated to the
be dnown that the

is put upon the market.

She is displayed to the best ad
ng so, why
best advantage? ° °

 

and motherhood at the end.

 

 

 

tor men would then have! What mothers the boys
erigirisw d then have!

Woman |s love always. If she has no husband
or child to love, or a brother or a sister or a father ora
mother, she takes some child or a cat or a dog or &
horse or something else. She must have an object
on thich to bestow her love, Man never loves He
only reasons, Whatin man Is sometimes designated
Jove is nothing further than sex-feeltng. * ° °

In bower animals the mother means everything to the
young, while the father means little more than the
has the same sexual passion as the

   

hecetier
lower animals, but man has reason, while all other
males lack it or at least in so highly developed form
Os man

There was a good deal more of this same

 

@rt and surely Prof. Chrisman earned his
money, but instead of receiving bouquets he
Was greeted with hisses and jeers, Now,
this congress was called for the purpose of exalt-
the wifehood and motherhood: every speaker

  

an
This
be the aim of every mother to educate and
train and prepare her daughters for the one

mother was far above any and all others,
being the case, unquestionably it should

 

    

end of marriage Then why should they
hiss and jeer a poor, innocent man for put-
ting facta into words?

And hould they punish him for say-
{ng that man is incanable of loving? All that
women know upon this subject is what men

dave told them, and perhaps in this day of
fheonoclasm this Idol is going to be shattered
along with the rest. Atany rate, this is a point
oo which fhe men ought to be allowed to de.
fend themselves, and up to date they don’t

 

 

oem to be doing it very vigorously. There
@re all sorts and conditions of men and some
live on as high a plane as ever reached by
an’ woman. but whan we read the daily ace
counts of the murders of wives and sweet-
hearts, instigated by “love,” we must admit
that there may he a faint, a very faint, glim-
Der of reason tn Prof. Chrisman's remarks
As* woman is love always,” it is not sure
pris g ‘o know that after they had flayed
professor to their satisfaction, the con-
€ress gave him a vote of thanks for his speech,

The address of Col. Francis W. Parker of
az, President of the Cook County Normal
ol, on “Ideal Edueation” was objected
Some ot the “mothers” as an attack on
ommon schools, and he explained thus

=
5

le
Iwill ¢
mon

3

ve you a little bit of philosophy or sanctified
sensé, That which we wore for determines
4 ork. An ideal determines every
»it An ideal brings small things
ledge you have dominates
pice you gain has much to do
tra To disetpline without an ideal ts rt-
[ Deliewe with all my heart that the ideal
" \s absolutely wrong.
! \id, “Now, I am going to sit right
own here before you and let you talk to me
"1 wont be satisfied until you
: ape all the mothers,
°c
vy breakfast, also, and two
tabla, One of them
MacLean of the lowa State
and in a brilliant and scintillat-

ist Speech he said

     

se2e°3

a4

    
 

 
 

 

Presid

 

Ts Congress is symptomatic of a new
of the greatest movements of the cen
veniicant of a new pedagogy The
tfogy came from Germany rhe newer
retirn to What was bestin this modern
* seboiastics partially perverted
ty bas been and should be a
. tactical child study. The mod
Le ls tending to draw us from the concrete
et + becomes his ambition to substi
row a tology. His subject must
+)

  
 

gematic ologies We descend
ae ehild and its outleading to the
isthe child) The new pedagogue
¢ oldest and conerete, * ° * But
er r without a father the tdeal
ngress such as eonstituttonally
thers ts, namely, a Congress of
ance of parents and patrons of
scher, and the aM®liation of home,
re the potentialities of the new

 

 

=

few

-

to t| Pxercises were conducted

west oof the principal addresses
Of four most prominent
i three are unmarried and
r, has no children, but
® : : attendance
all ; es And mothers, jnst as they are in
Woman 288, because this is the status of
‘ v
a

$3 ~

  

.orar

ea oe, te vast majority tn

where and always will be, The
om Whe packed to overflowing,
we at all conventions of women.
tthe same number of dele-
Tooent suffrage convention
t half as many as at
although in the last
‘had to go to the extrem.
ind pay their own hotel
dyate , methers” were entertained
Jy ideniag Of Des Moines, and it ts @ con
B =
Pa re a Names were new to the gen-
ers. Goole. And this is one benefit of @ Moth-
*ngress—that it brings togethes women

at the
and n

Congress

  

of the

 

nhood was “apopwar fad for being educated

he continued, “is striving after every-
is theoretical, visionary and false,
i nothing that is practical, common-sense
The great work to be accomplished

the Congress of Mothers is to exalt wifehood

4 motherhood as far above the ambitions
notoriety of the new woman and the twentieth-
century girl as the stars of heaven are above

 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 

1 give her accomplishments?
ther purpose under the sun than to make het

She ts

should she not be
* Let it
young lady for four years or more
z for no other purpose than the view of
What wives

iphasized the fact that the position of wife

 

 

© talk and think
latest of organizations affords a common
Ineeting ground, ie effects must necessarily
be in the line of breadth and ens, and
the average woman is greatly in of both

There has been considerable comment be-
cause the Committee on Resolutions refused
to_allow one introduced in favor of woman
suffrage, Two reasons were given for this:
First,that it would create factions in the con-
vention; second, that “their constitution does
not contemplate questions of this kind.”
That these opinions of the leaders do not rep-
resent the body of the is eviden
from the fact that, after they had official!
requested Miss Susan B. Anthony to send
them a letter, they refused to allow it to be
read to the convention, although all other
letters were read. This one, after the cus-
tomary words of greeting, contained these
paragraphs

It is true, as you say, that lama very busy woman
nevertheless | always have time to give my word
of sympathy to every organization for the betterment
of the world.

T have watched the progress of the Congress of
Mothers with a great deal of interest. Women can
find no more {mportant work than a study of the best
wera and means for performing their duties to their
children.

T trust those who are assembled in Des Moines
will not fatl to reogntize that the duty of the mother
does not lie entirely within the four walls of the home,
but that {t extends also to the making and controlling
of the conditions which surround these children when
they go beyond the home.

For this purpose she must have a voice fn the gov-
ernment of the munictpal!ty, the State and the nation,
Not only the ordinances of the Common Counetl, but
the laws made by the Legtslature and by the Congress
Itself vitally affect the conditions which influence
the home,

Another strong reason why the ther should
have a voler in political matters should nossegs the
power to make and unmake both laws and law mak-
ers (s in order that the children shall consider her
opinions of as much value as those of the father.

It seems to me, therefore, that the very first thing
that should be done by the National Congress of Moth-
ers is to demand for all women perfect equality of
political rights

Enclosed ts a petition to Congress for a sixteenth
amendment t the Federal Constitution which shall
enfranchise women. In the name of motherhood, I
uree that this body, by its President and Secretary,
shall sign this petition. To seeure the powerful
Influence of the ballot ts tn direct line with the ob-
fects of this association, for whatever you may de
cide to be the paramount duties of the mother, tts
peowruien will the better enable her to discharge
them.

Yet so much afraid were the leaders of stam-

ding the coneress in favor of a resolution
to sian the petition that they refused to per-
mit the reading of the letter--or rather they
did worse, for they read the paragraph of
greeting and “smothered” all the reat, which
was a decided insult to Miss Anthony

The resolutions and a number of speakers
urged that women should look into the laws
relating to the employment of children,
should use their {Influence with school boards,
should appear before the common council when
necessary ec. and yet they declined to ask that
women ‘themeelves should help to choose
the persons who compose these boards and
councils and who are trusted with the mak-
ing and enforcing of the laws. Can we im-
agine a bedy of disfranchised men, gathered
for any purpose, who would not first of al
demand thetr own enfranchisement? That
a body of women could come together to de-
vise the best means to protect the home, to
care for unfortunate children, to improve the
condition of the scbools, to effect better laws
and yet could refuse to demand for them-
selves that supreme power of all to secure
every one of thes objects is the strongest

roof which possibly could be furnished of
he degradation of disfranchisement. Only
a class who have been always disfranchised
could be so ignorant of their disabilities, so ob-
livious to their humiltatin position in gov-
ernment, so satisfied with helplessness. Let
them study the laws; let them try their
influence uron school boards and common
counciis and Legislatures; let them learn
what it is not to be a part of the con-
stituency that elects these bodies. It will
be a bitter experience. but it will teach them
that all their platform eloquence, all their
high-sounding resolutions, are but child's

wrattla compared to the voice which speaks
Srouah the franchise.

t ohildren, and

 

It ts impossible to take up the individual

eases of wrongs against women which are
sent to me every week The most of
them prove that the Justices, Magistrates

and Judges are better than the laws, and all
of them show that pubke optnion is on the
side of the woman. That policemen make
many unjust arresta, that innocent women
are bustied into patrol wagons and prisons
with the most degraded characters, hap-
pens far too often, but this is not done under
sanction of the law, as in former days. The
Judge to-day who deeides in favor of the
wife beater 18 universally condemned. The
old theory that a man owned his wife as he
did his horse dfes hard, but he is not allowed
to beat even his horse as he used to, The
terrible frequency of wife murders is largely
due to the fact that nowadays the wife tres
to get away from the husband and he follows
her up and kills her. In older times she
escaped this fate by remaining with him and
taking the daily beating. The killing is pref-
erable, for then she brings no more children
into the world,

These individual cases fill us with discour-
agement, but when we go back a few years
and see how all women were compelled to live
under the English cornmon law, the rnost brutal
code ever framed, which is now largely
repealed by special statutes, we can realize
that an immense advance has been made
Nevertheless, we need a woman's voice in the
laws, and, above ali else, we need women on
the juries in all oases of crimes against women.
That this is denied is one of the wrongs of our
civilization. There is nothing in the world
which the criminals in such cases would be
so much afraid of as a jury of women. What-
ever inspires the most fear certainly would
be the greatest deterrent of crime. After
all other measures heve failed, perhaps the
law-abiding citazens of the country may be
willing to make the experiment of putting
women on these juries, There is no laree
newspapers in the country which is ao bitter
an opponent of woman suffrage as the ¢'At-
cago Pribune. After the recent election it
published an onal of nearly a column
describing a fight Between two women in We.ser
Idaho, on election day, giving all the details
of the trial which followed, &c. A letter ad-
dressed to the Mayor of Weiser, who & also
president of the national bank, brought the
lollowing answer’ «

Replying to your tnquiries as to the truth or falsity
of the seurrilious report that has been sent broadcast
about an alleged ght between certain female suf-
fragists im Weiser, | will say that there ls nota word
of truth in the report; that, on the other hand,our city
election passed off harmoniously, the ladies exercising
their right of franech|se as intelligently as thetr sterner
fellow citizens who have bad the right for years.

A. B, ANDERSON,

Mr. William Balderston, editorof the Boise
Stateaman, the leading daily of the State, writes:
“The story is without any foundation.

The Tribune stands convicted of an abso-
lute and unqualitied editomal falsehood.

Ipa Hustep HARPER.

 

MKINLEY AND THE WOMEN,

 

 

Mrs. Stanton Considers the Latters’ Interest
in the President's Re-election.
Dean Mes. Stanton: I write you as
Honorary President of the National Legislative
League in order to interest you in our Republi-
can work, which |s to forward the reélection of
William McKinley, Yours sincerely,
Grace WHITE,
Bowling Green Building, NEW YORK, May 25.

 

In reply to this letter I would say, whileI
have no interest whatever in the success of the
Republican party or the reélection of William
McKinley, I would do my utmost to rouse the
women of the nation to serious thought on the
immense importance of their own emancipa-
tion, constituting as they do, one-half the
people of the nation. Presidents and parties,
finance and tariffs, are of minor importance to
the civil, political and social rights of the
mothers of the race

The enthusiasm of the mass of women for
politieal parties and church fairs, for building
statues to statesmen and parsonages for Bish-
ops, | would turn into stern dermands for their
own recognition as equal factors ina true re-
public
P William McKinley has never as yet, to my
knowledge, uttered one word in favor of the
education, elevation and emancipation of the
women, wholly unrepresented in this Govern-
ment Though we have made our appeals in
the Capttol of the nation, year by year for over
a quarter of a century, asking for a XVI.
Amendment to the National Constitution giv-
ing us an equal share in all the rights and privi-
leges that men enjoy, we have thus far appealed
in vain. Wehave no champions in the Senate
or the House to plead our case

In the twenty-seventh chapter of Numbers we
are told that the daughters of Zelophehad ap-
peared in their capitol, asking for their rights
of inheritance. They had a respectful hear-
ing: Moses, the great lawgiver, being deeply
impressed with their demands, immediately
retired to his closet to lay their case before the
Lord, who said: “The daughiers of Zelophehad
speak right; give therm their inheritance

Their legislators promptly obeyéd the mes-
sage through Moses and the very first appeal of
the Jewish maidens was answered, while the
daughters of Jefferson, Hancock and Adams
are still pleading in vain, though every funda-
mental principle of our Government is violated
in woman's disfranchisement.

The “Fathers” said: “No just government
can be formed without the consent of the gov-
erned.” ‘Taxation without representation is
tvranoy’’--and yet half the people of this na-
tion are both taxed and governed without their
consent. .

4s long as this policy continues Presidents
and parties have no interest for us. My message
to our countrywomen is to give all the time and
thought they are now expending on political
clubs and church festi to securing their
own civil and political rights

EvizapeTs

Capr Starcom ,

  
  

 

The Moor Lech. *
From Chambers’s Journal,

Among the lonely bills tt Hes,

Deep, dark and still;
And mirrors back the changeful skies,

lo a, stars, the bird that dieg
Tass road brown-shouldered hill.

The world's wide voice {s silent here;
The eries of men,

The som the lauen. the hope, the fear,

The things which make earth and dear,
Lie all beneath its ken.

And only he who comes from far,
Seeking the deep

Communion sweet with sun and star,

Knows of the calm and joys that are
In Its vast stirless sleep.

For bere the eternal soul holds speech,

Yet makes no sound,
With naught but clouds which one might reach,

The black flood, the untrodden beach,
And harkening space around.

Tipe and the things of Time are not;
‘he path we tr:
Ends with the world’s end here, and thought

Can netther see nor Grea, of aught
Sav ‘sown hea
ave man Ro! Som

t

The Bride of June.
From the Deneer Evening Post.

There's a flutter of excttement in her Dreast,
There's a timid sparkle in her pretty eyes;
She is like the little birdling in {ts nest
Fluttering {ts untried wings before tt fies.

he can see 4 rosy future in her dreams,

With the songs of love her beart{s all atsuneg
All the world a land of fairy beauty seems

To the maiden who wiil be a bride in June

How the passing days are laggard in their Might;
Seem to move slong on listless, ay wing;

Seem conspiring to delay the glad delight

Of the morning when the wedding bells will ring,

"Round her couch at night the Cupid angels hum,

In her dreaming ears a tender song they croon,

And the most delightful visions ever come

To the maiden who will be a bride in June.

‘There's a glint of joyous triumph in her eyes

As her girly chums gaze at her wistfully

With their bosoms almost clogged with envious sighs,
Wisbing they were playing In such luck as she;
And they tell ber how the rosy god of love

Has conferred upon her head a special boon,

And sbe coos her sweet responses like a dove

Does the maiden who will be a bride in June

Chawley comes to see ber nearly every night,
Comes to tell the time worn story o'er and o'er,
And her heart is ever dancing with delteds

As they raprarouny near the golden s
Oft they walk together slowly arm in arm

‘Neath the stile’ ry glories of the sweet May moon,
And existence seems to bear a mystic charm
To the maiden who will be a bride In June.

Never comes a riaion of domestic spata,
Never comes the Sark ning shadow of a fear
That they yet may quarrel like Kilken oy cats
Ere they've worked in double harness for a yean
Never comes reflection that there'll be an end
To the dreamy pleasures of the honeymoon—
Fugure cares and present raptures never blend
vith the maiden who will be a bride in June,

The Smilin'es’ Gal,

From the Berea Quarterip
Over yan acrost the mounting,
Kinder nussed up tn a holler,
Stan's the cabin whar my heart ts,
An’ my feet they retch to foller,
Fur I know the gal an’ [ know she stan's waitin’
An’ the places al! around thar with glory she fille;
The rahres’, the fahres’, the sweetes’,
An’ the smilin’es’ gal in the bills

All the gals alr sort o' purty,

Fur thar's diffunt kin's 0° sweetness:

But this gal she's got all kin's

An’ she’s got ‘em to completeness!

The fellers Al lure her, fur how oan they he’p it

When the heart that comes nigh her, htt shudders an
thrills

The swrertes’

An’ the sm!

She'saa chi-tce of her fellers

An’ I reekon thet I know ‘im

Ary uthern ef he tries hit

‘Boutone settin’ up'll show him

Fur I know she's luvin’ ao’ true as she's party,
An’ so good thet the thoughts of her banishes flls;
The brightes’, the lightes’, the smartes’,

An’ the smilin’es’ gal in the halls.

CHARLES TWICHELL PAZON,

 

 

  

the neates’, the brigbtes’,
n'es’ Gal in the hills

 

The Bookman,

From the Critic.

For many a year he grabbed among

The stalls where antique tomes lie pled,
And then alone when for a song,

He bought some prize, he ever smiled:
Staring at titles off his eyes

Slanted aloft with eager looks,
Asif he stood in Paradise

"Neath trees of knowledge hung with Booka

Bo long the reflex dull of calf.

Moroceo, vellum, lit his face
That it is leathern now by half,

And Time's deep tooling we can trace,
Volumes grew human tn nis care,

While he thetr form and semblanee took,
Tui men stood on the shelving there

And tn the armchalr lolled a book.

But books gnd men will fray and fade,
AsCare's rude Anger turns the pege,
Or, in some sunless chamber laid,
They warp and mildew into age:
The living leaves grow sere and wan,
The back knows many anacheand croo®,
Till into Limbo 's flung the man,
And to the grave is borne the book.

Who knows—yon pile of ragged leaves
May when some critic finds {t thera,
Be gathered up like golden sheaves
And garbed !n beauty past compara
F’en so, {f aught of worth He fin
Between its margins bDroadand white,
Some heavenly (Grolier yet may bind
‘The bookman’s soul in covers bright!
° GPORGE SErnen

Housecleaning Time.

From the Colorado Springs Gasetta
Now doth the mald with towel bound head
Relen quite supreme ‘mid chaos dread
Of dustpans, brooms, dirt, rugless floors,
Rooms dust- blown, and wide-open doors,

The erstwhile peaceful air is rife

With sonnds of the terrific strife

That's waged withdirt and dust and grime
From early morn till late bed time.

Anon the careless man’ s bold feet

A pan of soapsuds black do meet
Whereat the o'erturned contents flow
Where all was eleancd a while ago.

The air with measured whacks reasounds

As some one tug of carpet pounds;

And looking where the mald doth serub
The Jester murmurs, “Aye, there's the rub!”*

At noon, all huddled tn a banch.

The household grabs a sandwichtunch
Nor stops for finger bowls, and then
Goes at tearnestly again.

At sucha time a man doth find ¥
Full many business deals that bind

Him to his office through the day .
Although, to help, he longs to stay.

The lawn holds an array immense

Of furniture, while on the fence

And porchrall seattered here and there
Are rugs and draperies out “to alr.’’

Within, the endless strife |s waged, S
Each worker being so engaged
That none observes the rains that fa ¢
Till they've soaked furniture and all .

*Tis ten to one that ‘mid this din ‘
An unexpected guest drops in -
Unheralded by post or wire

And spreadeth consternation diret =F

What brush can ample Justice do

To this sweet springtime scene; or who
Can adequately tell in rhyme

The joys of glad housecleaning tmet

From Kipling's ‘‘Recessional.”*

From the Cleveland Leader,

Before Examination.
Spirtt of mem'ry—during exam. ,
em'ry of elusive dates
Beneath whose weight we eram and cram
Uphold us all ye gracious Fates!)
Elusive mem'ry! bide with us yet— ‘
Last we forget-lest we forget.

During Examination, %
The tumult and shouting dies— ,
(The tumult of recess, I mean) —
Still tn our brains those ringing criee
Sound loud as ever on the green.
Composure staid! be with us yet—
Lest we forget—lest we forget.

And now the questions are on the board.
Preag searchers of our knowledge's store;
Ah! By that fourth one are we “floored,”
The fatal fourth—no need for more—
Swift ‘scaping mem'ry, linger yet!
For we forget—fur we forget.

After Examination.
Far called, our mem'ries swept away,
Deep sunk is Hope in misery's mire;
Gone all our fom of yesterday —
"Tis one with Nineveh and Tyre,
Ye kindly Fates, share our hard lot,
For we forgot—for we forgot
Rock CREEK, Ohio.

Raia.

‘There ts nothing that.sounds better,
When I lle in bed at night,
Than to hear the rain a-pelting
When I know the farm |e right:
Than to hear the lukewarm splashes
That would fairly sprout a stone,
And I get up in the morning
Just to see how things have €rown,

 

cCrrrs.

 

I don't go much for thunderstorms,
They're apt to lodge the grain,

My taste ts for the stead;,
Pouring, downright, all-dey rain ~

That spoils the small potatoes, ry
Because tt makes them grow ¥

Tul they nudge'and say “Roll oves®
And bulge out of the row,

lown I like to idle
When I do {t for a shower
That earns more in a second
Than I can tn an bour;
For {t's good to sit and listen F
To the seeds a pushing throug® ie
And besides, there's slwaysetoriag 2h
For the bired man to do, '

 

Mi RON

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS,

From the Post Office comes this correction:

Ri in Ware county, Ga, and “The Coming
Newent va bhened there. Post Office at Ruskin,
Ga., was established on Dec. 5, 1898,

saan te eset cat Sore ta
established by the N Government, roe and
where first located, what removals have made
and to what places’ PDH
For the instruction of future officers the Govern-
Ment maintains two academies; the United States
Military Aeademy, at West Point, N. Y., and the
United States Nevel Academy at Annapolis, Md
The former was founded in 1401, and graduated its
first student on Oct 12, 1802; it has always been at
Weet Point The Naval Academy was founded In
1845, and opened on Oct 10, of that year, at Fort
Severn, Annapolia In May, 1861, at the outbreak

 

of the war, the academy was removed to Newport

R. L, where {t remained until September, 1465; since
then it bas been at Annapolis. For postgraduate
instruction the Government has these service schools;
for the Army, the Artillery School at Fort Monroe
Va., established there in 1424 and closed in 1430;
established in 1864, and closed in 1861; established
&@ third time tn 1867, and still maintained, though
suspended during the Spanish War; the Artillery and
Cavalry School, at Fort Riley, Kan., opened tn 1447,
the Infantry and Cavalry School at Fort Learen
worth, Kan., opened in 1887; the Engineer and Tor-
pedo School at Fort Totten (Willets Point), N. Y.,
opened tn 1885; the Army Medical School in
Washington, The Artillery and Torpedo schools
are for the training of non-commiss...¢d officers and
men, as well as of commissioned oMcers, The Navy
has a Torpedo School at Newport, opened tn 1869,
for officers and warrant officers, and the War College,
opened in 1444, for officers only .

1. Iwas born in Germany. My father and mother
were both German subjects fler serving three

ears in the German Army I entered the Russian
Navy, where I served for a short time. Six years
ago I entered the American Navy, where I served
five years and was bonorably discharged. I then
entered the Untted States Army and alter serving
five months was honorably discharged Am I a
citizen and voter, and am I entitled to the protection
of the United States? 2. Is tt unders between
Great Britain ang her colonies that tn time of war
the colonies will furnish a certain quota of the troops
and pay a certain per cent. of the costs incurred by
the war? 3. By whom 1s the English war debt paid,
and from what sources derived? 4. Is England au
absolutely free trade country? P. N. B.

1. You are nota citizen, and are not entitled to the
protection of the United States. You can become &
citizen and secure that protection by applying for
naturalization papers and producing your American
discharge papers. 2. It seems to be so understood
now, at least as far as providing men. 3. The debs
{s not reduced as the United States bare reduced
theirs. The bonds and stock issued to secure !t are
kept alive, the Government paying a low rate of in
terest on them. The debt was incurred on account
of war expenses almost wholly, 4 No; it collects
fevenue duties on about twenty articles of imports.

What {s the relation between the rabbit and the
Faster eeg, and why are they connected, and what
is the association? G, B. M.

Easter was originally the spring festival
rabbits symbolize not the Christian Easter, but the
spring festival, when the year begins to produce,
because of their productivenesa. Eggs are typical
of the spring festival llkewtse, but beeanse they typify
the resurrection of the earth after winter. When
“Easter” was evolved out of the spring festival, the
egg and the rabbit came with (t, without any tmme-
diate visible reason.

Thare asked a number of men tn the talloring busi-
ness the origin or meaning of the word bushelman,
as applied to a repairer of clothing, and none of those
to whom 1 applied was able tw tell me. Possibly
THE SUN can do %. LN. T.

The dictionaries tmply that the word comes from
bushel or bush, a tallor’s thimble; tn its turm that
seems to come from the French bouche, mouth, The
tatlor’s bushel or bush (thimble), open at both ends,
resembles the bushing used in machines and guns,
to prerent abrasion. The expression seems to be
entirely American; {t means @ tallor’s assistant, or
repairer of clovbes.

1. Can you give us any information jot a d
the life of the Cuban General, Manuel Quesada’
Can you help us to locate the “Round Rodin” when
Lopez made his headquarters tn his Orst projected
expedition against Cube tn 18497 L. A

1, Quesada was born in Puefto Principe, Cuba,
@bout 1450: went to Mexico tn 1453, and served in
Juarez’s army against Maximilian, and became
Governor of Coahutla and Durango, He led 4 party
from the United States into Cuba tn the Ten Years’
War, landing in Cuba in December, 1864 He or-
ganized the patriot army, and from April, 1869, to
the spring of 1470 was commander-in-chief. He or-
ganized several expeditions from this country and
from South America and the West Indies; one of these
was on the steamship Virginius. A son of Quesada
was tn this party, and was exeented at Santiago.
After 1878 Quesada settled in Costa Rica, and died
there tn 1844. 2 We do not place Round Island
(not Round Robdtn) where Loper organized the ex
pedition, which was stopped by our Government

1G. M. ©, bets that after Gen. Kitehener con-
quered the Soudanese in 1598, he cut off the head
of the Madhi and sent it to England, R J. bets shat
no such thing ever happencs. Which’ ts ene 2.
Whatisthe range ofthe Long Tom Boergun’ i What
isthe range of the British naval 6-Inch gun* RJ.

1. It isa fact that Kitchener had the Madhi's body
taken from its tomb, beheaded, and the body aqd head
thrown {nto the Nile. 2 The so-called Long Tom
has a caliber of 15.5 centimetres, and a range of about
523 miley 3. The S-tnch naval gun basa range
of about six miles

What was the number of men In the France-German
War of 1870-71° J. F. B.

In 1869 the French Army on @ peace footing num-
dered on paper 404,704 men and about 90,000 horses.
When the war began |t had 350,000 men. The army
of the North German Confederation on a peace footing
numbered 319,476 men, but actually had 552,000
when the war began, During the war the French
put into the fleld adout 1,000,000 men, the Germans
about 1,500,000.

Will you kindly Inform me what{s the mathematical
rule by which the chances against red appearing
at Bs twenty-one times in suceession are two
million to one, as I have seen stated. Of course, dis-
regarding the rero, the chances are equal each time
for appearing either red or dlack. At what rate do
they increase, L ¢., what ore chances against red

aring twice, three times, &c.
nee ELBERT ROE

When the chances are even at the beginning the
odds against any number of events oceurring suc
cessively are double the preceding odds, plus1, Thus,
{n the case you suggest at first the odds are even;
they are 3 to 1 at the second trial, 7 to } at the third,
1,023 to 1 at the tenth, 2,097,151 to 1 at the twenty-
first.

Since when have the Jews claimed the star as th
emblem of their religion’ Mars. B.

We do not know that !t {s the symbol of the Jews,
A star was to come “out of JacodD’ (Numbers xzziv., 17):
as the Messiah is not yet come in Jewish belief, it |s
possible that the star ts symbolical, not of the Jews,
Dut of the Messiah that ts to come.

I have tried to find out the geographical mits of
“New York Harbor,” but witheut fuccess. Can you

tell me? RW. Y.

Lines from Sandy Hook potnt to Coney Island
point on the south; from Willets Point to Throgs
Neck on the Sound, and across the Hudson at Fort
Washington, bound the harbor. The aneherage
vessel of the revenne outter service cruises to fust
beyond these lines.

Is there any known remedy for the pest of “Buffalo
moths” They appear to defy all known means
used by thegwriter for their repression. AJL

Dr. Riley of the Agricultural Department says that
in house cleaning time the rooms Infested should
pe cleared, the dust removed, and benzine puffed
from an atomizer {nto every crack and crevice, Car
pets should be sprayed and furniture, too.

How did the term “pall,” meaning a drink, come
into use, and does the term “high ball” derive its name
from the fact that itis a “ball” served tn a tall of high
glass? G.C,

The term comes from baseball, we think; {t was in
use fifteen years ago, at least. The baseball origin
would aceount for the term high ball, because not
so long ago the man at the bat used to call for a high
pall or alow ball, Perhaps some baseball enthusiast
noticed a friend using a tall glass, and commented
on his taking a high ball.

N. M. C.—1, If “ete.” ts used at the end of quota-
tion, 1t should be within the quotation marks 2
A firm is the agent for an article,and the agent of the
person producing that article.

Oléyt—Susan Marr Spaulding’s poem “Fate” ts
as follows:
Two shall be born the whole wide world apart,
And speak in different tongues, and have no thought
Each of the other's being, and no heed;
Yet these o'er unknown seas to unknown lands
Shall cross, escaping wreck, defying death,
And all unconsciously shape every act
And bend each wandering step unto this end,
That cne day out of darkness they shall meey
And read life's meaning {n each other's eyea.

And two shall walk some narrow way of life

So closely side by side, that should one turn

Ever so little space to left or right,

They needs must stand acknowledged face to face;

Yet these with groping bands that never clasp,

With wistful eyes that never meet, and |ips

Calling tn vain on ears that never hear,

Sbel wander all theiz weary days unknown >
ie unse tished, Ané this a Fate

“8, 1900; *

 

 

 
 

ON OMAR KHAYYAN.
eh

  

New LienuT latiga: byw far the pesuss thet we have
2 mer: are y XA A A OS
A Remarkable Analysis of Fitzgerald's Ver- | ‘derived om 8 General reading o other au
or fro rel lish id that ld ha
sion ef the Persian Poet. oh, on fp Rey ds ne wou! ave

Mr. Allen has studied these questions with
ardor and persistence. He has d every
line of the printed correspondence left by Fitz-
eerald so as to obtain an accurate idea of the
course of his studies Mr. Allen knows, or by
day, what books Fit ald was reading,
what grammars and dictionaries he was con-

Edward Fitzgerald's translation of the quat-
rains of the Persian poet Omar Khayyam,
has taken its place as one of the classics of
English literature and it has had thousands
upon thousands of readers in America and

in England. Fitzgerald and Lord Tennyson | sulting, and is able to follow, so far as another
were lifelong friends. Tennyson was the man can, ” arene, Moreover, by great
Poet Laureate and the foremost man af letters ce, Mr. Aen has obtai acopy 0 S
a ; f these uscripts,
of his country; Fitzgerald, during nearly all and ‘has surrounded himself “with the revise
his life was only known,as an obscure scholar ppgaretus used by the first translator. inally
e

as made a complete translation of the very
manuscript that Fitzgerald employed.

I find myself,” he says, “in the interesting
Position of having the whole of Fitzgerald's
material before me.” The result of his exam-
ination of it is summarized as follows

The third edition of Fitzgerald's book con-
tained one hundred and one quatrians Of
these “forty-nine are faithful and beautiful
raphrases” of single quatrians of Omar;
orty-four are traceable to two or more stanzas
of the originals in Fitagerald’s hands: two are
inspired by translations of Omar that_Fitz-
gerald had seen; two are derived from Hafiz's
odes, two froma Persian poem (the Mantik-ut-
tair) and two, Mr. Allen says, “reflect the whole
spirit of the original poem.” The last six have
no prototypes In Omar, of course.

and atudent. Yet it is likely that in the cen-
turies to come no more of Tennyson's work
will remain than is contained in the thin volumes
of Fitzgerald. Tennyson's place in our litera-
ture is secure; but it is no more secure than
Fitagerald’s.

When it is considered that the only claim
of Fitzgerald was "to present in an English
dress the poems of the astronomer-poet of
Persia who died nearly eight centuries ago, nis
fame is at first «ight inexplicable. It is, in-
deed, not to be explained at all until we realize
that Fitzgerald was far more than a trans-

lator. Prof. Charles Eliot Norton has ex- We may pause a moment to note the exceed-
pressed his real office in the most luminous } {ng industry and patience of Mr. Allen's re-
searches. They do homor to him no less than

way. He says: “Fitzgerald is to be called
‘tFanslator’ only in default of a better word,
one which should express the poetic tranafusion
of a poetic spirit from one language to another,
and the re-representation of the ideas and
images of the original in a form not altogether
diverse from their own, but perfectly adapted
to the new conditions of time, place, custom
and habit of mind in which they reappear. It
Is the work of a poet inspired by the work nished, unsophisticated form: readers who al-
of a poet; not a translation, but the redelivery | ready have a familiarity of the sort will be
of a poetic inspiration.” cenrnee Site ie Sere euemen of a
- « e 1 on

“an are oes the Tuck tata ‘an pleasure from a eomparison of the two:

Bon “ ; : ‘
thoroughly worked. The libraries of Europe whee er eee
and Asia have been ransacked and many man- Oh, Thou, who:Man of baser Farth did make,
urcripta of “Omar's poems, DFeTiCuS nA eat tee Peat an
known, have been brought to light. Nearly Is blackened—Man's forgiveness give—and take
a score such are now known. These man- Will it be believed that this tetrastich is not to
uscripts, and others, are represented by a
dozen lithographed editions of his work.

be found in Omar at ail? It is a pure invention

of Fitegeraid s Its very sound is mogere, gee
ite attitude is not Omar's, but another's. Mr.

Translations have been published in thepres-

ent century in German, French, Italian, Hun-

garian and English Eight or nine issues

Heron-Allen has found no real equivalent for
it anywhere, though he has tried earnestly.

have been made in England of Fitzgerald's

translation, besides fourteen or more in Amer-

Much controversy has raged about this stanza
and there is no space available to present even
an abstract of it. The present writer can

fea. Half a dozen other Englishmen have

also published independent translations, and

a very long list could be made-of critical ar-

find nothing Persian in it except the flgureof a
face blackened by sin. which is common in
ticles printed in magazines and reviews The
bare enumeration of such particulars is a

Oriental writing. In fact Fitzgerald's concep-
convincing proof of the hold that these Ori-

tion-ofsin is, inthe writer's opinion, not Mo-
ental poems have upon our Western imagina-

hammed's and not Omar's, but a compound of
Calvin's and Milton's: and the Calvinists of

tions Nowhere is the hold stronger than in

our own country

Islamism were 600 vears later chan Omar. It
Why is this hold so strong andintimate? The

is a matter of individual taste, learning and
judgement to decide whether Fitawerald has not,

Persians are, in the first place, human beings

like ourselves. They have wants, hopes, fears,

in this instance, exceeded the widest permiasi-
delights and Joys, and they seek the satisfaction

ble license of a translator
Leaving such questions, about which contro-
versy is endless, we may cite instances of per-
fectiy legitimate translation, choosing the
most famous quatrains
XIt
A Book of Verses underneath the Bough,
Agu o Wine 8 Tons oS Wirene hou
le ’ side me singing int ress—
Soo Saas — ms t weed Se Ob, Wilderness were Paradise enow!
Se th oe ~ P — oy om = thon chin This is a happy version of the original:
n u e case of the Persians it is more than * | [desire a flask of ruby wine and a book of verses,
While the form of their poetry is as alien to us | Just a to keep me alive—and halfa loaf ts need-
‘ i ul;
as that of the Chinese or of the Tartars, the feel- | and then, that thou and I should sit tn the wilder-
ings struggling for expression are not foreign. nas
We are of Aryan blood as they are, and thou- Is better than the Kingdom of a Sultan.
sands of years of different experiences have not,| , There is till another form of thisstanza !n
shut the door between us. During all these’ the origt as follows:
: If a leat of wheaten bread be fortheoming,
centuries the culture of the Fast has, in one way A gourd of wine, and a thigh bone of mutton,
or another, touched the West. Their art, their | And then, If thou and I be sitting In the wilderness,
2 That were a joy not within the power of any Sultan.
architecture, their chivalry, transformed it is Fitegerald writes:
true, hav influenced our own most intimately. . xiv
Alexander the Great destroyed at Persepobls | 1 sox to the flowing rose about us—"'Lo
(B. C. 830) buildings more magnificent than any “Langhing, | she Sars, inte tne world f blow,
“Atonce the silken taasel of my purse
others | ever seen on the round world, hot ‘Tear, and {ts treasure on thea garden throw.”
excepting the monuments of Athens. The
looms of Persia made Constantinople splendid. fd rose anid I Brough 8 Ud seoteerin hand:
i #ughing, laughing, hare own in e world:
The Persians transmitted the immortal fables | “T’s)atched the noose-string from off the head of my
and apologues of India t> the Arabs, and purse, andi am gone!
through them to the West. The works of a Per- | I Tung tnto the world all the ready money I had!
sia sage (Avicenna) were text books in the
University of Paris so late as the time of Louls
XIV. When Benjamin Franklin was seeking
for a new chapter of the Bible he found it in
Sa'adi's “Parable of Abraham and the Fire
Worshipper.” Our little children are bred up on
the tales of the “Arabian Nights,” agreat part of
which are of Persian origin. In a thousand
unacknowledged ways the Wast has been taught
by the East. When England was a wilderness
{nhabited by savages Persia was polite. culti-

XVI.
The worldl whope men set their hearts upon
vated, learned and illustrious. Whether we
know it or not, we have learned much from

Turns ashes--or it prospers; and anon
them, and our thoughts still respond to theirs.

Like snow upon the desert’s dusty face,
Lighting a little hour or two--is gone.
It is the forrn of their thoughts, and especially
of their poetic thoughts, that fs alien. It ts
worth while to dwell a Little upen this point.

One of the odes of Hafia reads, in the Persian,
as follows:

The Perstan is written {n italics, and neces-
sary words are supplied in parentheses:

(The) entrance (of my) face (that Is) my eye (is) thy

to Fitzgerald and to Omar. His general con-
clusion upon Fitzgerald's poem is expressed
as follows: “A translation pure and simple
it is not, but a translauon in the most artistic
sense it undoubtedly is.” In what is to follow

ortions of Mr. Allen's book will be quoted so
hat the reader may test this conclusion for
himself. First will be printed some of the
stanzas of Fitzgerald's poem, and next the ex-
cellent prose translation of Mr. Allen. Readers
who are comparatively unfamiliar with Persian
poetry will fhus be able to see it in an unvar-

 

 

Oh, heart! suppose all this world’s affairs were within

ros power,

And the whole world from end to end as you desige {t,

And then, i!ke snow In the desert, upon {ts surface,

waetine for two or three days, understand yourself te
gone!

XIX
I sometimes think that never blows so red
The Rose as where some burted Camsar bled:
That every hyacinth the Garden wears

Dropt tn her Lap from some once lovely Head.
Fverywhere that there has been a rose or tulip bed,
It has come from the redness of the blood of a king;
Every violet shoot that grows from the earth
Is a mole that was (once) on ihe cheek of a beauty,

XKIX.

Into this Universe and Why not knowing,
Nor Whenee, like Water willy-nilly fowing;
And out of ft, as Wind along the Waste,

Tknow not Whither, willy-nilly blowing.

nest
(With) courtesy inereasing, sif doten (in this) Rouse This is from the original:
(18 Ls) thy Aouse. He first brought me tn confusion tnto existence

What do I gain from Ilfe save my amazement at It?

We wentaway against our will, and we know not
what it was

The purpose of this coming, and going, and belng.

What are we to do with this? We must reach
the meaning of Hafiz by a series of approxima-
tions, each time coming astep nearer to Occi-
dental forms, but always preserving the
Oriental feeling—{f we can Hafiz would cer-
puniy have accepted the following couplet as

is own:

The sestiduie of my face my eye) isa nest for you;
Be gracious, oh, st down; my house is your house.

The learned editor of 'Hafiz—Rosenzweig—
has versified this in German

LXIV.

Strangs (sit not” that of the mytiads who

Before us pass d the door of lyarkness through,
Not one returns to tell us af the Road,

Which to discover, we must travel, too,

 

I hare travelled far in a-wandaring by valley and

Met A Haile will Ich desert,
Eh com Neste ine . It came be) ss that | wandered in all quarters of the
ss’ in thr dich enadi ; world:
“Veen das Hausis 2a Ihave ae heard from any dne who came from that
road,
This ode has also been made part of an | The toad be travelled, no traveller travels again

English sonnet, as follows

From Hafiz's lips, in centuries gone by,
The honeyed couplets of this artless ode,
Like limpid dreps of dew, successive flowed:

“My love,”’ he sald. “the globe of Haftr' eye
Toby mansion is; then enter graciously.
welcome, rest, remain—for this abode
Is by its owner on his guest bestowed
With bonor and im hospitality.”

How true the poets’ crystal aceent rings,
And with what grave sincerity he sings
His song of passion and of courtesy!

At the gmall opening of the lover's eye
The loved one knocks ~ then enters—thence departs
Only to dwell within Ais heart of hearts!

Each one of these translations is a progress
away from the form of Hafis’s couplet; each one
of them is @ step toward his meaning restated
in modern and in English fashion, The problem
of translation is to ch the form without
losing the flavor. If the translator leaves
the form, as in the lines “the vestibule of my
face is a nest for you,” the oddity of the mage
obacures {ts beauty to the general reader, who

not know that the eye is often so called
in Driental verte, just as a slender gifl is “a
P .” @ blood-stained warrior “a Judas
tres,” and se forth. If one translates as liter-
ally aa Rosenzweig one comes to bald expres-
sions like these, “Sit down graciously in the
hall of my eye: it is dedicated as a nest for you:
the house ia yours.” If one follows the lines
of the sonnet some of the verbal expressions
of Hafiz are quite lost while his meaning is,
perhaps, still properved

The lesson to be learned is that if the trans-
lator {s satisfied to reproduce in English the
poetio inspiration of the Persian and is not

LXVIL

Hear'n, but the Vision of fulfilled Destre,

And Hell the Shadow from a Soul on fire,
Cast on the Darkness into which Ourselves

So late emerged from, shall so soon expire,

 

fiell {s a spark from my useless worrles.
Paradise is a moment of time when I am tranquil

LXIX.

Impotent Pieces of the Game He plays
Upon this Checkerboard of Nights and Days,
Hither and thitber moves, and checks and slays,
And one by one back in the closet laya

This quatrain Is the version of:

To speak plain language, and notin parables

We are the pleces and hearen plays the game;

We are played be geir in @ baby-game upon the
chessboard of existence,

And one by one we return to the box of non-existence.

xXcVI.
Yet ab! that Spring shoyid vanish with the Rose?
That Youth's sweet-scented manuscript should close!
The nightingale that tn the branches sang.
Ah! whence, andwhither flown again, who knows!

 

Alas! that the book of youth Is folded up!

And that this fresh pugple spring is winter-stricken;
That bird of joy, whose name is Youta,

Alas! I know not whence (t came, nor when it went.

The foregoing comparisons put the reader in
independent critical position. _ It is possible

or ten to judge just how closely Fitzgerald has
followed his original and in how far he has at
timesdeparted from it in spirit. and in form.
Mr. Heron-Allen’s books are indispensable to
any one who wishes thoroughly to understand
and enjoy the ms of Omar anf of Fitzger-

be ray employ maw forms, | aid. After all his labor the student will finally,
This was method of Eitzgerald, as we | ScceDt ert. Zersegs yerdict, already quoted
cal \ ‘itzaeraid’s poerg is ‘‘not a copy, buta repro-

shall see. If, on the other hand, his aim Is to | Giivion, nota translation, but the redelivery of

give the thoughts of the poet as he conceived
them, the translator must abandon verse and
express bigeelf prose eal balanced and
etic prose, if possible, but still in prose,
porwo important books, dealing with ‘Omar
Khayyam and with Fitzgerald's transla-

a poetic inspiration.’ For the materials upon
whicha critical judgment may be based we
are indebted to the two books of Mr. Heron-
Allen. Epwarp 8 HoLpen.

 

tion of him, have lately appeared from AQUARIUM'S STRIPED BASS,
the ane Caf award aren Alen manna

of Longon rst is “The Rubaivat | gney Are Grewing Finely Through a Cap-
{ Omar Khayyam: ai facsimile of the

’ Bodleian Library, translated and Uvity of Six Tears,

S. in t
ited by haward Heron- Allen: London, Nichols
1#08:" the other is “Edward Fitzgerald's Rubaiyat
of Omar Khary: with their original Persian
sourres, collated from his own MSS., and liter-
ally translated by Edward Heson- Allen: Lendon,

jaritch, 1800.” It is proposed to give bere a
short account of them, because they throwa
flood of light on the questions we have been

idering
The firet contains a photographie reproduc-
tion of the of a manuscript of Omar's
ms belonging to the Bodleian Library at
xford; a transliteration of the written Persian
characters into the printed characters: a trans-
lation of the poem into rhythmic English prose,
ther with an {ntroduction and 4 very inter-
esting and scholarly chapter, entit “Some
Sidelighta Upon Fdward Fitzgerald's Poem.”
The pianuscript fn the Bodleian Library is the
one employed by Fitzgerald himself.

The second volume ts really an expansion of
the terminal chapter of the first. It gives upon
each left-hand page a es of Omar Khay-
yam as translated by Fitzgerald. and upon the
oppesite page the origina! Persian which Fitz-

rald used, apes ais pecee tenses

vy Mr, Heron-Allen and copious notes an er-
: nt careful

Except for a few blackfish that were brought
tn about the same time, thw fishes that have now
been the longest in captivity of any at the New
York Aquarium are the striped bass in one of
the large pools on the floor of the building,
which were received May 14, 1804. On the oe-
casion of their sixth anniversary here, on May
14 last, the striped bass had an extra allowance
of minnows, of which they are very fond

The pool in which these fishes are kept,
which has been their home since their arrival
here, is twenty-eight feet in length by twelre

in width, with three and a half feet of water,
The school originally numbered sixty-five
fishes, of which there are now living, twenty-
nine, of that have died the greater num-
ber died in the first few years; only one has been
lost in the past eighteen months. Almost all
of those now living are in excellent condition,
vigorous and active and with good appetites
Two are blind, having become so since they
were placed jn the pool: perh
with the other fishes, or with the walls of the
pool. The blind fishes, however, are in good

 

   
    
   
 
  

ences. This arrangement permits a j
tion of Fi ald's work and from a | condition otherwise, they are able to find food

stud both t becomes possib to say | for themselves, and care is taken to see that
re Ye in for aD they get it - -

    
 

by collisions

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

It has long been a matter of surprise to Victor
Herbert's friends that he could accomplish es
much work as he has done during the past two
yearsor more. He hasremained at the head of
the Twenty-second Regiment Band, conducted
a series of classical concerts in Pittsburg, come
posed five comic operas as well as several more
ambitious works and has continued to look
healthy and cheerful under the strain, Evidently
his duties have recently become too arduous, (or
he has asked to be released from his place a&
the head of the Twenty-second Regtment’e
band as he wishes next winter to devote more
than ever his time to the work of the Pittsburg
Orchestra and to composition. It is probable
that the only future appearance of Mr. Here
bert as a conductor will be made here at the

head of the Pittsburg Orchestra or at the first
rformances of some of his comic o
aul Hennenberg, for some years his ass t in
the Twenty-second Regiment Band, has
appointed to Mr. Herbert's place.

The young men in three fitting schools ip
this, city who have been competing during
the past week in oratorical contests were al)
trained by a young woman who came to this city
from the West several years ago and announced
that she was going to support herself by teache
ing walking and talking to New Yorkers. She
began with classes of girls and when she
posed to teach oratory in boys’ scbools abe was
advised to stick tohergirls. Shewas t,
however, and her pupils, who include the sone
of some very well-known New Yorkers, have

ustified her teac hinge in the recent contests.

e teaching of walking and tajking is nov
an important part of the curriculum in
finishing schools for girls in this cit its
rewards are quite as great at those allotted to
instructors in higher mathematics and
classics, This particular young woman
quickly made a place for herself and shes Jusay
proud of it

 

 

Four of the six men, till now bolding cone
spicuous places in the Methodist Episcopal
Church, but thrown out of them by the late
General Conference, reside in this State, three
of them in this city. They arrived home yes:
terday, taking their downfall philosophically,
The Rev. Dr. J. L. Hurlburt, for twenty years
connected with the Sunday school work of the
denomination, has received an offer of the pas»
torate of Calvary Methodist Church, Eagt

Orange The Rey. Dr. W. T. Smit
a General Secretary of the Missionary

forthe last four years, ig going bapk to lowa,
probably to become Presiding Elder. The .
Ir.J. B.C. Sawyer, who got outof the editor-
ship of the CAniatian Advocate at Syr will
go back to the Troy Conference and wait for
something to turn up.

The Dewey Arch, with afew occasional ree
pairs, promises to last the year out, in good
shape, despite the relic hunters, who chip ite
base, and the fact that it has once been on fire.
No temporary decoration in this city has been
photographed as frequently as this arch, and
although the celebration, of which it was a very
satisfactory part, occurred months ago, it is
stfl one of the most popular sights in the city.
“Every stranger in New York," said a polices
man on duty there, “‘comes to see this arch just
as soon as he has registered at a hotel, and
they usually say that it looks just as they exe
pected it would from the pictures they had seen.

hey ougkt to know, because it is photo-

aphed, even now, a dozen times a day.”

ortions of the base which have been
are now being repaired, and painters are whi-
tening the colonnade. The most serious crit!-
cism of the arch when it was constructed was
that its dazzling white waa too strongly in con-
trast with the weather-stained Butldi
around it. In the opinion of ough critics the
aity might better save its paintand permit the
arch itself to get dingy.

 

The rebuff which a popular burlesque actress
met when she applied for membership in @
Long Island golf club last week is attributed to
the women in the club, who assumed from the
fact that she was very frisky on the stage that
ahe might displease them on the golf links.
The number of links around New York has so
multiplied during the pasttwo years that thia
actress will have very little difloulty {n @nding
one where she mayswing her clubs and wele
come. One golf course which is as pic
turesque as any within easy reach of
the city was laid out two years ago and the

club formed to use it decided that it was quite
as important for its success to be exclusive as
it was to improve the links, Only two or puee
members of the club had ever played golf
the enthusiasm the first season was t.
The best golfers in the club last year had be-
come proficient enough to complain bitterly of
the grounds. Evidently a lot of money
mist be epent to make them guita-
ble and the cub had to
between erclusiveness and good links. The
members did not want to pay any higher dues
andif thev took in new members they Eusg
widen their eligible list beyond the bounds o'
exclusiveness. The golfing enthusiasts won
and with the money turned into the cub
treasury by the new members the course
been improved greativ. This has been the ex-
perience of other smal! golf clubs. Itis aa ex-
nsive operation to construct good links and
eep them inshape. If the actress really oe
to play golf she will not find It difficult to join
some ene of the many clubs near this city.

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

Eugene Lambert, the painter of cats, died recently te
Parts at the age of 75 years.

Florence Nightingale has completed her eightiet®
year. She ts an'invalid and confined to her room.

Mr. @ladstone’s statue isto be set up at Athensia
the gardens of the Zappelon, {n recognition of hig
services to Greek independence.

A floating variety theatre, to be towed from one
watering place to another along the coast, ts an Png-
Iish idea for the coming summer Season.

Dr. Julius von Paver, the Austrian Arctic explorer
and artist, has received a pension of 5,000 guldens
year from Emperor Francis Joseph.

Canton's executioners pare gone on strike. They
now receive 25 cents a head for thelr work, but they
Say that on less than 50 ernts taey will starve.

A woman ts alive in Vienna who sang tn the chorue
at the first performance of Beethoven's Chora) Sym-
phony. Her namets Frau Grebdner, and she is 91
years old.

Three prizes offered by Leder Land und Meer toe
short stories hare all goneto women. The competi-
tion drew out 990 stories and the judges were upaal-
mous in their decision.

Mr, Luke Green, a traveller in Roqgesia, asserts
that he drove of a troopof five lions and many
byena:, which had attacked him and were not fright
ened by hisgun, by fring English periodicals at them,

Livingstone enthusiasts ere preparing to send inte
the heart of Africa a British monumentto mark the
spot where the explorerdied It isan obelisk of con-
erete blocks, twenty feet high, with metal panels om
the four sides,

Montmartre has had anotable wedding. “La.
Goulue,”’ the notorious dapcer of the Moulin Rouge,
who Is now {n the lion-taming business, was recently
married toasieightof-hand man. Mer bridal party
was made tp of itinerant snowmen.

A substituted forednger was shown by a Koenigs
berg doctor ata surgical congress in Berlin. He had
cutoff the patient's second toe and sewed ft tothe
mump of the missing finger. Primary union followed
and the new Anger eould be moved by its owngr.

Navigation on the upper Nile is now open te
Uganda, as the Eqglish expedition under Major Peake
has cleared away the Sudd. Major Peake took a gun-
boat to Lado, and from there proceeded fm the
Uganda launch to Gendokoro and Fort Berkeley io
the | ganda protectorate

Mrs. Neve of Rouge Huis, Guernsey, 19 105 years
old. She was brought up at Bristol at @ school kept
by the sisterof Byron's Amos Cottle, and, unlike moss
centenarians, was acquainted with many celebrated
people, imeluding Hannah Nore, Sir Humphrey
Davy and Gen. Dumouriez. When 00 years old she
made a journey to Krakow to visit Koseiusko's tomb

Miss Frederica Perceval, daughter of George IILI.'s
Prime Minister, Spencer Perceval, who was shot by Bel-
lingham in the House of Commons eighty eight years
ago, has just died at Faling atthe age of 95 yeara
She could remember rery little of her father, but she
had known every Premier whehad held office since
his death from Lord Liverpool to.Lord Salisbury and
Lomd Rosebery,

Hritish Post Office Savings Banks now pay 2\4 per
erent. on deposits, and in tme past have paid 3 per
egnt, Dut after 1903, as Sir Michael HicksBeach,
the Chaneellor of the Exchequer, announced lately,
the rate of tnterest will vary ‘rom yearto year, aceord-
ing to the earning powerof money. This ts deneto
prevent tne Government from being called upen te
make up deficiencies

Bavaria boasts that it has the longest lightaing
conductor in the world. 1! rises some yards above the
tep of the meteorological station onthe Zugapttse,
the highest pointin the German Empire, and rune
down the side of the mountain tothe bottom of the
Hollentha), where there isruoning water all the pear
round, The length of the rod is five ead a has Be
meiwes, Bearly Uec miles aad a bal

 

 

’

4

nS

wt

scree: