Many DUTIES OF THE SAGART
| 4BUN AND THE POWER HE WIELDS.

@le Word Law in His Parish, as Father Mac-
4 Wadden of Gweedore Sald— Respect Earned

 

' Devotion te His Fliock-The Scalan or
t Ghed of Former Days—Sick Calls,
' By Seumas MacManus.

The clergyman is here interpreted Roman
Catholic priest, for clergymen of other de-
nominations (with whom I shall deal further
down) are very rare in our mountains, and
thelr flooks exceedingly small.
priest is by far the most important man
neighborhood. The Autocrat of all
fe far from receiving the dutiful
paid the priest, and no prince or
ever got a tithe of the whole souled
is lavished on the darling priest,
call him, the sagart arun.
years ago, in the throes of the land
constitutional authorities were shocked
the world-famous Father MacFadden
Gweedore announced for their edification
public demonstration: “I am the law
Yet, though they harried
prosecuted him and imprisoned him,
to their bitterness, learned at a sore
that he had only given utterance to a
fect. The forces of tho Crown when
eame to arrest him were held at bay for
by his poor, unarmed flook, till,
had been spilled, he disbanded the
army that his followers had con-
for his defence and voluntarily gave
up.

us

t

Hi

2 gigeieres®
ite

in every mountain parish, the priest's
fs more truly the law than the enact-
of the British Parliament. And be-
of this sneerers who know not the con-
of things, and know not the sentiments
feelings, and the proper relations of priest
, say that we are priest-ridden.
so because they know not, and do
to know, that the extraordinary obe-
and respect paid to the priest's word
not in the remotest manner upon
or fear (for our people never have been
or afraid), but upon fond, filial love
the implicit faith which our mountain
by their priestly and fatherly qual-
have worthily engendered in the hearta
who have never in vain looked to
‘or sympathy, for help, for guidance
protection.
For the true sagart, when he takes charge of
@ mountain parish, takes upon his shoulders
and ypon his heart a great load. The sickness,
the troubles, the sorrows and griefs of every
household, of every child, in his domain are his
persona) sorrows, and their little joys are his
Not merely for the souls, but for the
bodies of every one in his parish, responsibility
weighs him down. He cannot, could not, shirk
his traditional duty, which is truly to father his
@ock in all things-—-to brave any tyrant who
‘would oppress them or unjust one who would
‘wrong them, to fight for them, to suffer tor
them, to lay down his life.for them, if need be.
Benin, in his lovely ballad “Sagart Arun”
sae aroon) gives a touching picture of
tyue feeling of the peasant for his priest:
eae brave to you,
arun
¥ be not slave to you,
art arun,
Nor, out of fear to you

Stand up %0 near to you—
on ees
art aru!

in the winter’s night
art -
en the cold blast did bite,
jegart arun—
Come to my cabin door
Ang ge the earthen floor
= oF, me, sick and poor:
arun?
5 on, the marriage day,

arun,
my poor cabin gay,
art grun?
0 di th laugh and sing,
Meking our glad hearts ring,

aythe poor abyisienlag.
‘art arun
! le
Oma gen rant? 78
this I was true to you,
"My h
Bn tor juld'Treland’s sake
stand and part did take,
art arun!
' The Boman Catholic dérgy nowadays receive
their education at Maynooth College, near Dub-
Min. 8 was established a hundred years ago,
and before thas time the boy who felt called to a

puis

i

uit

priestty on went to France, Belgium or
Spain f education. In the penal days,
whe ting his son for a priest would mean

on of a father’s property, the bold
young fellow, after getting a smattering of
Latin at home by stealth from the outlawed
hedge echoolmaster. was carried aboard a
smack, which rode in some forgotten
bay, at dead of night, and was thus borne to the
Continent. In a smuggler, also, and under cover
of night,like a thief,hestole into Ireland again,
he had been ordained, and, diaguised as
tried 9 peor in private to an awe
ook.

in the case of our mountain priests,
the th man of to-day is not the same
ty homely sagart that his Continental

scfolea cessor was,
shes perhaps average ten miles
pauere. and contain, say, 6,000 souls; for whom
are two chapels and three priests. Some
are twenty miles long and even longer;
every one appreciates the duty of regu-
Hendance at mass, six, seven and eight
»mrountain and road is a common

   
   
 
 

 
 

or pa and women of 70 to walk
on Sunday, in sun and in storm, rain,
or snow. Topooats are almost unknown

and the women who carry umbrellas are
¢ oy people give little concern to a

and little care toa cough.
one case with which T was quite familiar
these poor people, after tramping weary milea
oo eet orniving Grenched : it p Fain Or snow
repiration, kne own upon
the = fleld bare eaded under a scorching
que LY esa storm and heard mass read by
priest under the protection of a thatched
open shed. This kind of mass shed is
asascalan, and is the last link that hinds
when no chapel was allowed in the
the, eat gatperes the flock in a hol-
. with hia alter a rock, and his

lome of heaven,

of this scalan, one of the lest of
each person, in wet and snowy weather,
wih hip a little bunch of hay to lay
the slushy, muddy ground upon
nelt I think God always heard the

of these people. About five veara ago
scalan was superseded by a chapel, built by
t home for that purpose from ser-

and laboring hoys {n America.

mass the congregation join the priest

in turn for each person sick in the
a, 9 i for the repose of the souls who
the week, each being specially an-
ard each getting a ppee al prayer.
follows the priest's discourse of exhar-
ich in our chapels, has a profoundly

a

ect. The emotions of the Celt are
sive; it is a common Sunday ex-
to find a congregation of two thousand
with sobs; and I have innumerable
thrilled to the soul by a chorus of
which, rising and falling in waves,
building.
Approaching Easter and approaching Christ-
pat, the priest begins the stations -that is,
ing + Srernonnes: in each district of the
» e announces from the altar on Sun-
v the mine of each person in whose house he

olding a station on each day of the
f owing. Every woman who receives
or of having a station called in her

goes to much expense to have the house

and ite oundings fitted in a manner that will
it * her and force a word of praise

r Dan--and to have the best and

ate breakfast the country can afford

and women and children of the

dressed in their neatest, are col-

at Bs station house when Father Dan

ives on hia rickety jaunting car at 8 o'clock
morning. qhe best room in the house

as prepared or him, and when, sitting
“ lightened many oppressive bur-

y his counsel, he says mass, ad-

holy communion and delivers to

tents a gentie and touching homily.
breakfast, to which he sat down with
of the household and the sechool-
collects his stipends, each father
y of that townland coming forward

   
  
 
  
  
  
  

some farmer more com-
iy circumstanced than usual pay-
untarily) $1.50 or $2. This at

stmas stations—for the payment
but once a year. Other fees which
an receives are half a dollar (or more)
christening, and $5 at a_ marriage.
ing to the cirenmatances of a parish,

it receives from $300 to $750 a vear.
y the priest went to the house to
are F @ baptismal and matrimonial ser-
one, Sa py Ty oe oe mer iment.
enjoined to perform both cere-

Ta 'the chapel

t ;
ores, ving duty of jhe Priest is the
¢ is never aure of a pts quiet
& moment he expects a thunderin
doer, which may order him off pos'

B PRIESTS OF DONEGAL, | stuin'ss,¢s

ff, storm, over half a dozen
lee of moor that is not
at high noontide—to visit
some ture who is hungeri for
ministrationa, before bidding a final fare-
well to care and ache.

But be the night never so bad, and be the
priest already wearied and worn, and be the
way dark and ugly, and far, a sigh is generally
his most earnest protest. He arises, dresses
hastily, takes his staff in hand, and, his sum-
moner leading the way with a torch, bends
him to the mountain path. If at the wearied
end of the journey he finds that the nervous
old woman, who, in a scare, sent for him at
dead o night, is already sitting in the chimney
corner and treating herself to a rousing bowl
of tea, he is, perhaps, not to be too harshly
Judged if he do not give earnest of much joy
at her sudden recovery, And such a case
is far’from being exceptional.

Episcopalians and Methodists are only oc-
pestonally met with in our mountains, living
n small communities, in a valley or on a hillside
richer than the remainder of the country.
The lands which they occupy were given to their
forefathers at a time when the Celts were hunted
from their homes by the hounds of war, Out
of a general sustentation fund their clergymen
receive an income of about $750 a year. Into
these funds the Methodist parishioners are ex-
pected to pay 25 cents every. quarter year, each
member of the family; and the head of each Epis-
copalian family to pay ayearly sum of about #4
. but when their circumstances are above the
average they pa@ higher sums. By means of
these general fucds the larger and richer con-
regations in Ireland are made to aid the smaller,

here is no baptismal fee in either church.
The matrimonial fee is voluntary, Five dollars
or more is usually paid,

Formerly the Episcopalian clergyman was a
rich aristocrat, being ie tithes by Catholio
as well aa Protestant. But the Roman Catholics
eventually made a bold stand against the in-
Justice. Regular battles were fought by the
poor, unarmed people against the police and

ailitary forces who came to enforce the law,
but resulted with little effect, for the justice
of the cause triumphed over all the powers of
the crown, and to-day the Protestant clergy-
man in the Irish mountains is no better off
than his Catholic brother,

The minister collected his tithe in harvest;
the priest his atipend at Christmas. In those
days there was a clever half wit in my parish
who one day, meeting the priest and parson,
was stopped by them, and, to afford them some
fun, asked: “ Now, Ned, we have been disputing
whether if you had ason,you would make a priest
of him or a parson--and we want you to decide.”

“If Thad a son,” said Ned, “I'll tell ye what
I'dhave him. I'd have hima parson in harvest
an’ a priest at Christmas.”

ut

 

NOT ALL ALONE ON THE SOUND.

 

Two Names bat Only One Passenger in the
Stateroom of a Fall River Night Boat,

This is the season when ‘there are many
people in and about New York from what
used to be called the West, Everybody travels
now. Some of these people have stories to
tell which have néver been in print. This is
a story told by a Missourl man who was mak-
ing hia first trip up the Sound on one of the
night boats:

“It's funny,” be said, “how things come
about, Now, there was my friend who ¢x-
pected to make this trip, but as he couldn't,
I’m making it for him. Felix Grundy was his
name. We were born in the same town; went
to school together, and used to fight like cat
and dog. My people moved away and took
me while I was still a boy. About the time
they were trying to decide what I was best
suited to be the Civil War interfered with
their plans and I became a soldier, I enlisted
in the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, old Bob
Smith, as we called him, commanding. In
the course of time the regiment got down
where the fighting was pretty hot, down in
Tennessee. One day while we were skirmish-
ing we took a few Johnnies into camp. I was
one of the detall that captured and guarded
them. One of them was a sullen, surly fellow.
He wouldn't do anything I wanted him to do,
I asked him where he was from and he said
Missouri. That rather appealed to me and
I said, ‘Shake, Johnny, so am I’

“You're a damned poor Missourian,’ he
sald, ‘or you wouldn't be helping the Yanks.’

“Never mind about that,’ I said. Then I
asked him what part of Missourt he hailed
from and when he told meI thought I'd drop
my musket. Itwas my birthplace. To make
ft short, he was my old schoolmate, Felix
Grundy. But somehow he didn't warm up over
the meeting. He was still sullen. After he
was put in the corral temporarily I got a per-
mit to go and see himbefore he was sent to
the military prison. But he was sulking all
the time. One evening I said to him, after I
had divided my rations with him:

“Look here, Grundy, what the devil is the
matter with you? I can't help it ‘cause you're
a prisoner. If I'd known it was youl would
have let you got away.’

“"You would have been devilish kind, wouldn't
you? Well, what's the matter with letting me
go now”’ he grunted,

“I told him I couldn't arrange that. He
mustn't ask it,

“What would you do if I tried?’ he asked,

“Shoot you, if I were your guard,’ I re-
plied. Then wechanged the subject, When
I was leaving him he said he would like to
have the privilege of walking, andI fixed it
so he could. We got beyond the lines before I
realized it, and then I told him I must take him
back. It was dark. He refused. He was
unarmed and I felt rather mean to take ad-

vantage of him.

“‘How many pistols have you?’ he asked,

“IT had two.

“If you wont let me go,’ he said, ‘give me
one of your guns. We'll step off the forty paces.
I give you my word 1 wont run. We'll count
three at the same time and fire. If you wing me

all right. You will be rid of me. I wing
you, getaway. Js it a bargain?’
“Rather cool, wasn't it? But IT had to ad-

mire his courage, for that’s what it was.
couldn't reason with him except by force and
I pulled both pistols and levelling them upon
him I made him march back inside the lines,
I didn't give him away. I couldn't. I ad-
mired his courage too much to do that. But
I did not ane him again during the war He
Was sent with others to Johnson's Island.
“Nearly seven years after peace I found
myself looking for work. I went back to my
ative town. Not a man there knew me, at
east it seemed so when I first went to it.
had been away twenty-five years. I was al-
ways fond of newspa ar offices, and I posted
up to the county weekly to see the editor, to
tell him I was a native, thinking it might be
an item for him, and then I thought he might
suggest some scheme in the way of business.
“It was the typical country newspaper of-

flee. Everything in one room and the plast-
ering hanging from the ceiling. The boy
said the editor was at work at the case, and

there I found him. He had no copy on his
case, but he was filling his stick with type just
the same.

“Are you the editor?’ I asked.

I reckon so,’ he answered, barely looking

up from his work,

“Want an item for your paper?’ I asked.

“What about?’ he asked, as he put down
his stick, lifted the contents and put them
on a galley.
"I told him if he wasn’t too buay I would
tell him. He said he was busy trying to think
out an editorial, and if I had anything worth
printing I could sit. down by a goods box,
which was his desk and print it

“Do you know how to write?’ he asked.

“I said I had written several pieces in my
ime. He pointed out the box and I sat down.

made up a little story of how a man felt who
had come back to his native town after twenty-
five years and could find no one who knew
him or had ever heard of him. When I was
done he told me to hang it on the cony hook
As he was atill thinking out an editorial I went
away to the tavern and remained there un-
til the next day. Then I met him on the street
and he asked me if I was the ‘fellow’ who had
written the piece about coming back to my
native town. When I told him I was he asked
| if T had found any one yet who knew me. 1

said I had not.

“What's your name?’ he asked.

“Ll tald him and he looked at me as if he
doubted it.

“How many pistols have you got?’ he asked

“It was Felix Grundy, schoolmate and my
old prisoner. I was a guest at his home that
night and for several more, and at the end
of a week there was a new man on the country
weekly. We worked together right along,
doing everything necessary in getting out a
country weekly, for four years, and in all that
time the incident of his capture was never
mentioned. He was naturally taciturn. At
the end of four years I went elsewhere and
he remained in the old town. He never wrote
me but one letter, but he used to send me his
paner when he knew where I was, and I tried
o keep him posted.

“In the letter he wrote that he would like
to come East and see the country, and he
asked if I would accompany him. I replied
I would, and I went back to the old town to
meet him. I went ye, te the old ehop and
aked a young man if Mr. Grundy was in. He
asked me to wait and he went out. He re-
turned in a few minutes with a copy of the
paper, just from the press. The appearance
of the old sheet was about the same, except
a couple of turned dash rules above and be-
ow a brief announcement at the top of the

 

first column of the editorial page. I remained
until after the funeral and then came on eaat
to make the trip which | plane You'll
ind his name on the clerk’ ter, though,
if I wasn't

ust th . It mak
Sralinga eons mf 8

    

er

DEMOCRATS TO SEND TWO DELEGA<
TIONS TO KANSAS CITY.

Both Will Be for Bryan and the Dispute b
Over the Method of Their Election—One
Faction Wants a State Convention, the
Other Priaaries—Spread of Government
by Primary in the Southern States.

New ORLEANS, June 1.~-Missiasippi will prob-
ably be reprosented by two sets of deleaates
when the Democratic National Convention
meets at Kansas City on July 4. The split is an
unusual one, Both delegations will go to
the Convention pledged to Bryan and the quar-
rel is entirely over the method of electing the
delegates. The contest calls attention to
the fact that the Democracy. of Mississippi
has already practically adopted several of
the planks of the Populist platform, especially
the referendum and the submission of all ques-
tions and of all nominations to the popular
vote in party primaries.

The issue upon which the Democracy of
Misaiasippi has split—and almost evenly--is
whether delegates to the National Conven-
tion shall be elected by a State convention or
district conventions called for that purpose,
or directly by the people, at a primary in
which all white voters may participate.

The primary has become the political ma-
chine in Mississippi and administers the po-
litical affairs of the State. It nominates can-
didates and controls the party organization
in all matters, The question of the governor-
ship in the last campaign was submitted to
the popular vote and the United States Senators
were similarly chosen. The various candi-
dates for the Senatorship went before the peo-
ple in every county and gave their views on
all national questions. Every voter enjoyed
the right to ask Gov. Mel,aurin, Gov.
Lowery or any other of the Senatorial can-
didates to answer any question he might pro-
pound; and many of the questions were of a
most searching and personal character, in-
deed, Gov, McLaurin was compelled to ex-
plain in detail his entire administration of
the Governorship, and lay before the people
the inside and private history of his term.

It should be stated in regard to these pri-
maries that they have become the real elec-
tions in Mississippi, and that the elections
proper are mere forms of little moment or
importance, The campaign is made in the
primaries and the result there determines the
subsequent election. The Mississippi De-
moeracy so absolutely controls the politics of
the State that a Democratic nomination means
an election. There is practically no Repub-
lican party in the State, and the several Republi-
can factions together muster barely enough
voters to fill the Federal offices. The Pop-
ulists, who eight years ago showed some
strength, have disappeared before the refer-
endum, primary and other popular methods
adopted by the State Democracy. Every
official in Mississippi, State or local, save two
or three, is a Democrat,

The importance of the primary is shown in
the fact that the vote cast at it ig much larger
than that at the State election which follows,
sometimes twice as large. Many of the voters
turn out in the primary but do not think it
worth while to go to the polls on election day,
They have nominated the Democratic candi-
dates, and they know that even if only a frac-
tion of the Democratio votes is polled their
candbdates will be elected.

Thus it is that the primary has steadily grown
stronger in Mississippi, until now everv candi-
date is nominated and everything determined
by it. In the last State and Senatorial cam-
paign the primary system was thoroughly tested
and proved 80 satisfactory that the Democratic
convention which carried out the will of the
people as expressed at the primaries and offi-
cially nominated the candidates therein by
popular vote adopted resolutions declaring in
favor of the primary system, and announcing
that In future the Democracy would make all
nominations in this way—by the people, not by
convention. This State primary, by the by,
proved somewhat of a surprise politically and
showed that the will of the people, as expressed
directly by them at the ballot box, is not always
the same as that expressed by the delegates
sent rf them to a convention,

The late election in Mississippi, therefore, was
a plain and straightforward declaration in
favor of primaries and the submission of all
nominations and all measures to the popular
vote, It practically does away with convén-
tions. It may be mentioned that the Palgsisel ppt
primary plan has | Poved as populaf in the other

outhern States as tne suffrage systein withwhieh
Missis@#ippi led off.and which aimed to get rid of
the negro vote, It has been adopted through-
out north Louisiana; nominations for Congress
and large offices are now made by primaries in
half that State, and the choice of United States
Senators fs similar y pointed out by the popular
vote, Both the new Senators from Louisiana
are strong advocates of the popular election of
all members of the upper house of Congress,
and the next Senators will be chosen in that
way. whether Congress acts or not.

uch was the condition of affairs when the
Democratic National Committee called upon
Mississippi to send its quota of delegates to the
Kansas City Convention. The State Executive
Committee met, announced its devotion to the
principles of popular election, and white prima-
ries and declared that the delegates as well as
the Presidential electors should be chosen, not by
aconyention as formerly, but directly by the
people. Itarranged for a system of State and
district primaries for this pur Re,

All Democrats who desired to become can-
didates before the people could do so by filing
their names with the State Executive Commit-
tee. It was provided that the ticket should
consist only of the names of the candidates for
delegates-at-large, for district delegates and
for electors, and the name of Bryan as candidate
for President, with a blank, so that if the vote
had any other Presidential candidate he coul
fill it in. The primary would, therefore, show
how strong Bryan is with the Democratic
voters of Mississippi, and whether there is any
opposition to him in the State; and the delegates
chosen would represent beyond a question
the people of Mississippi, being directly chosen
and commissioned by them,

The call was 80 closely in line with previous
utterances of the Missiasipp! Democracy, that
the State Executive Committee was surprised
at the excitement {t. aroused, The proposed
primary was objected to on the ground that it
was unusual, and that {t was never intended to
choose delegates to conventions in this way, bu
only to nominate candidates for office. Anc
the somewhat serious objection was raised
that this mode of procedure would render it
{impossible for the Democracy. of Mississippi
to adopt any platform, or to lay it roperly
before the voters, The delegates would go to
the Kansas City Convention wholly uninstructed,
save as to President, and ignorant of whether
their constituents wanted them to vote for or
against an income tax plank in the National
platform or for or against expansion.

It has been impossible to reconcile these
CitTerenoes of opinion and the split intheranks of
the Mississippi Democracy on the method of
electing delegates is a broad one between those
who wish to carry to the extreme limit the
referendum and submission of all questions to
the people, and those who belleve that the
convention cannot yet be entirely done away
with, and that some plan will have to be adopted
whereby a platform of principles can be pro.
claimed, It is probable that the primary
men may attempt to meet this objection by
submitting to the popular will not only the
question of preferences for President, but also
the question of expansion and the income tax
and al] the other issues of the day,

Various attempts have been made to remove
these differences, but they have not succeeded
and are not likely to succeed. The opponents
of the primary have a compromise, which seems
likely of adoption and which, while it submits to
the decree of the State Executive Committee
really destroys the latter's plan. About hal
the counties have accepted the order of the
committee and called the primary provided
for by it: the other half protest against the action
of the committee and call for a State Convention.
It is now proposed by the protestanta to eall
a State Convention for June The convention
will adopt resolutions and frame a platform so
asto place the Mississippi Democracy on
record and nominate delegates to the Kansas
City Convention, and those who support the
convention will be asked and expected to tur:
out at the State primary fixed for June 21, ana
elect these delegates, Then the delegates
would be named by a convention, yet hpld their
credentials from a primary dection: whereas,
what the Fiimary advocates desired was to
have the delegates and Presidential Electors
chosen directly by the people without the inter-
vention of a convention.

It is by no means certain that the nominees
of the convention can win before the people.
Their defeat will fix on the State of Mississippi
the primary system as the controlling political
force, All nominations are now made by prima-
ries; itis proposed similarly to choose all dele-

} gatestonational conventions; and the next step
sroposed is to let the people themselves frame
he platform by voting directly on all the issues

and questions of the day.

 

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

are more fully snd ably treated in Tae fuw's
pe f° umneé than in any other medium. Ad.
ertising thus ee more valuable in

JUN for obvious reasons. Remember this, Ade

 

 
 

  

NDAY,

GENUINE GRATITUDE.
A Judge's Story ot How an Old-Time Client
Kept His Word/

From the St, Louis Globe- Democrat.

“Bob Ingersoll once said, ‘Gratitude is the
fairest flower that sheds ite perfvae o'er the
garden of the heart,’ or eomething like that,
remarked Judge Edwin R. McKee of the First
District of Missouri to a small gathering of
barristers in a hotel office at Macon, Mo., re~
cently, when he was holding a special term to
try some cases for Judge Shelton. The lawyers
tilted their chairs against the wall and waited
for what was to follow.

“I've thought of that several times in connec-
tion with an incident of the days when I was
practising and looking eagerly for clients,
Judge McKee went on. “The start of the story
was about fifteen years ago, and it was in my
home town, Memphis. A fellow called on me
one day and introduced himself as one Ensign.
I forget his first name. He said he had got into
trouble over a small matter and wanted me to
help him out. Guess you boys have had ex-
perience with these ‘small matter’ cases. Well
his trivial affair was that he had been arrested
for stealing a drove of fine cattle from a well-
to-do farmer out in the country a Ways. He
began his narrative by telling he bad been over-
hauled by the Sheriff while driving the cattle
along the highway, but he said he had bought
them from three men, whose names he gave as
Smith. Jones and Brown! Lord! I nearly fell
off the chair. What jury on earth would swai-
low that combination? I gently suggested that
to him, but he declared those were the identical
names the men had given him, and that he was
telling the truth. He said the day the cattle
were said to have been stolen he was in the
northeastern part of the State, but at the first
trial we were unable to get anybody there to
prove the alibi. I think the case was tried four
times altogether. There were several mis-
trials, a conviction, and then the case was re-
versed. I became pretty badly worked up
over the matter and neglected lots of good
business to see the fight through. I had doubts
about my man at first, but he was always so
candid, hopeful and energetic that I began to
like him, and was as anxious to hoist him out
of the hole as he was to get out. Before going
into the last trial I questioned him closer abou
the alibi matter, and we decided to take a trip
over to the little town where he said he was
stopping the day the cattle were stolen. The
lady with whom he ate dinner remembered
distinctly of his being there, but, to save her
life, she could not fix ‘the date. During a pause
in our talk one of the children, who was draw-
ing pictures on a slate over in the corner, looked
up languidly and said:

“*Maw, didn't you go over to Missus Hobb-
ees that night?’

“The lady said she did, and casually re-
marked that Mrs. Hobbs had been ill that
night, but that didn't help the date matter
any. Having nothing better to say L inquired
what had been the matter with Mrs. Hobbs.
She reddened a bit, and said a brand new lit-
tle Hobbs had been ushered into the world
on that occasion, I grabbed for my hat, and
told her to point out the Hobbs mansion, In
less than three minutes afterwar was
copying from the old family Bible the entry
‘George Washington Jefferson Hobbs, born

anuary--, 1884.0 We had Mrs. Hobbs and

er family Bible on hand, together with the
lady who had fed my client that day, and the
State couldn't beat the combination,

“After the jury had acquitted Ensign he
renee up to me and hugged me like a long
c er

mt brot . When he left town some days
afterward he called on me and at parting
said: ‘If you ever want me for anything, Mac,

just say, “Come,” you wont have toexplain,

“Ensign went to Nebraska, got into busi-
ness, and Was soon a prominent and influ.
ential citizen. He drifted into politics and
get to be postmaster of his town. I heard
rom him occasionally, and then he dropped
out of my mind until- well, this is the other
end of the story. Some years later I took
a breach of promise case for a young lady,
The defendant had plenty of money and
friends, but a full investigation of the case
showed he had treated the plaintiff most cru-
elly. I felt the circumstances justified suin
for $25,000, and I filed our petition for tha
eum. The young lady plaintiff was modest
and of an extremely retiring disposition, 1
don't believe she would have faced the or-
deal of atrial if her friends hadn't feltshe had
been badly treated and insisted on her de-
manding redress, We got our evidence in
in fine shape and madea convincing case, but
during the defendant's testimony they began
attacking my. client's character by intimation,
Knowing she had left the country they sought
by inauendo to mix her up_ with Ensign, with
whom she had some sort of a business trans-
action at one time. I protested and kept ob-
ecting, but the Court overruled me, and I

new the defense had thrown a doubt over
the case which was bound to result in a hung
jury, or a verdict for the defendant.

“At the noon recess I telegraphed Ensign
to come on first train. There was no explana-
tion. Then I began to play for time. knew
the Court wonldn't agree to wait for a witness
from that distance. I led the witnesses out
over apparently interminable greund, and
whenever the Court would reprove me. it would
furnish me the coverted opportunity tolengthen
out the matter by making a long argument,
I called witnesses, asked brief recesses on
various pretexts, and did everything I could
to string out the hours to accommodate the
fiving train I felt sure was bringing my badly
want witness. After a couple of days of
this was getting pretty nearly worn. out.
On the morning of the third day the Court
agreed to wait until the train from the West
arrived, for a rebutting witness, I was so
anxious that I went down to the depot, and
when my man failed to show up, I felt like
a general whose reenforcements_ had failed
at a critical stage of the battle. When I en-
tered the court room the Judge was on the
bench and the jury in the box, Everybody
was impatient to proceed. The court sharply
asked if I was ready to announce the close
of our case, With something like a groan,
I told him I had one more witness, and after
that would quit. While this witness was on
the stand. answering some unimportant ques-
tions. I chanced to glance toward the door,
and there, coming down the aisle, with the
step of a soldier, was Ensign! It was all I
could do to keep from shouting. _ Ensign looked
around as he came forward, and his eves lighted
as he recognized me. I motioned him to the
witness box, He was a hard-looking wit-
ness, Fis clothes were covered with mud.
hair mussed up, and he had at least a three-
days’ beard on his face, but to me he was the
finest-looking an in the court room. I had
no chance for a consultation, but I didn’t mind
that; T knew the man, He answered every
question. promptly and convincingly and
completely refuted the slanderous imputa-
tions thrown at my client. He not only denied
any intimacy with the plaintiff. at the times
and places suggested, but cited facts to show
the {ea was preposterous, Jf he had been
coached by an expert all day, he couldn't have
made a better witness, He was put through
A savage crosa-examination, but never lost
his cool, oony demeanor, and came out
of it stronger than he went {n. We got a ver-
dict for $9.000, and Ensign was the happiest
man in the court room when the verdict was
announced.

“He told me his train was late at the junction,
and he hired arig to drive the fifty miles over-
land. Thev broke down ten miles down
the road. and he bought a horse from a farmer
to complete the journey. He would have
been here twelve hours earlier, but he was
out in the country when the message came,
and he missed the train at the starting point,

“T have alwavs felt glad the circumstance
came into my life.” said the Judge. in conclu-
sion, “because it has taught me there is such
a thing as genuine gratitude. and I have ob-
served it dwells with most force in the breasts
of men who are bright, resourceful and suc-
cessful.”

“THIS

 

DOOR

STICKS.”

 

Fan Some Boys Mad With the Patrons of a
Restaurant That Mad Failed,

The capital of two ambitious youths who re-
cently started a cheap restaurant and lunch
room on Beekman street ran out on inat
Wednesday. They sold their fixtures and
utensils to the proprietor of another restaurant
for Jess than half their real value. The man who
bought them out went around to the restaurant
early on Thursday morning and made arrange-
ments with the janitor of the building to leave
the stock of fixturesin the restaurant for a doy
orso, when it would be convenient for him to
have them removed. Locking the front door of
the restaurant he hurried away to his place of
business. Ahout 11 o'clock that morning aome
of the patrons of the restaurant began to ap-
pear. After pulling at the door for a few
minutes they decided that there was nobody in
the restaurant and left. Some boys who were
standing nearby watching the people arriving
atthe restourant thought they would have
some fen. One of them got a larae nasteboard
card and pasted iton the door, Another one of

THIS DOOR STICKS.
PULL HARD

The result waa that when a patron of the
restaurant would see the sign he would pull and
tua at the handle of the door in an effort to gai
admission, while the two hoys who perpetrated
the trick sat on a stoop opresite enioving the
fun, It was just at noon hour and fully 200
patrons of the restaurant exercised their arms
trying to open the door, The janitor, whose
pound ye rappine Oy the continuous

unding and rapping on the door, came u
‘rom his uartare | the basemen’
the signtfom the door, , snd pulled

E 8, 1900.

a SS SSS
—-

      

—

NEW Uses OF ALUMINUM.

ee
COPPER Now FEELING 178 BIVALBY
IN ELECTRIC WIRES.
eae

Ite Lightness Flere as in Other Fields One
Great Recommendation for Aneee.
Cooking Uteastls of the New Metal—Alum)-
num in the Army — Jape® aad = In-
dia Are Working Alamisem Nowadays.

Ten years ago one beard little about alum!-
bum. It has been known a5 & a
for almost fifty years, but its cost had
it from general use, In 1886 two and ar
ha)! tons of aluminum represented the wor -
yearly oxtput of the metal. To-day ——
yany that controls the eupply in the r
Bates is producing approximately 20,000 poun ;
daily and the two European cnmnpeties be
Forges, France, and at the Falls of the =
are turning out large quantities of the me os

Improvements in the process of production
account for this astonishing change in con-
ditions, and for the fact that within ten years
the price of aluminum has fallen from Fae
pound to about 33 cents, The detatls of the
process are protected by patent and ae
of them are not given to the outside pub’ _
but the general features are well known an
easily understood. The ore used was first
found in Franoe but {s now found In large
quantities in Alabama, Georgia and Arkansas,
and in {ts raw state it looks uncommonly like
ordinary clay. The ore is sent to Niagara,
where the reducing factories are located, in
order that they may utilize the cheap and
abundant water power. There the ore, which
is in the shape of an impure oxide,is subjected
to a process of pure electrolysis, which sepa-
rates the aluminum from the gas oxygen and
the metal is put into the form of sheets, wire
or tubing for the market. Until within two
years it was practically Impossible to purify
the metal to a degree higher than 98 per cent.,
and the 2 per cent. of impurity has caused
deterioration in the metal and interfered with
its utility. Now that diffloulty has been over-
come and aluminum is from 90% per cent.
to 992-3 per cent. pure, Another improve-
ment has been in the manufacture of Nght
and strong alloys. Aluminum, like copper,
is rather a weak metal, but, with 5 per cent. of
copper, nickel or manganese, !t is as strong
us bronze, while only one-third as heavy.

Its light weight is of course the great ad-
vantage of aluminum in its competition with
copper, bronze, brass, d&e., and the rapidity
with which the sphere of the comparatively new
metal is broadening threatens the supremacy
of all common metals save iron and steel. Cop-

er especially feels the rivalry for the most aston-
Phing feature of the development of aluminum |
its tendency to replace copper as an electric
conductor. All over the country interesting
experiments are being made along this line,
and so far with fair success, 18 present
high price of copper has given aluminum tte
opportunity, and while qoctrioat wires of
altninum, are necessarily larger than corré-
sponding wires of copper. that disadvantage
is overcome by their lightness. A wire be
per cent. larger in area of cross section an
one-fifth greater in diameter is still only one-
half the weight of the copper wire.

Ten large power — transmission lants
and twenty-five electric railway and electric
light plants are now equipped with aluminum
conductors. and the indications are that this
one use will consume thousands of tons of
the metal each year. As a result every effort
{s being made to increase the output of the
metal. for even now the supply is Inadequate
to the demand. The most extensive experi-
ment yet undertaken with aluminum as an
electrical conductor is going on in California,
Between Sacramente and San Francisco three
wires 150 miles long are in use, the power trans-
mission plant sending currents of 60,000 volta—
the highest voltage yet attempted in any trans-
mission plant. In all 1,500,000 pounds of alumi-
num have been put into this one plant,

he Pennsylvania and several Western
railways are experimenting with aluminum
telegraph lines and waiting with [aorest to
see how the metal will stand severe sleet storms
and other winter testa,

In foreign countries aluminum {s being used
extensively in army equipment, Germany and
Russia being especially interested tn the ex-
periments. Germany, with {ta microscopic
attention to detail jn military matters, con-
siders every fraction of an ounce deducted
from the infantry equipment as of im rrance,
and has introduced aluminum even into Le
things as the nails of the soldiers’ shoes, in
some regiments,

The United States Government has been ex-
ceedingly conservative in the matter. Early
experiments made with a view to army equip-
ment were unsatisfactory, for various reasons;
impurity of the metals, faulty alloy, and lack
of experience in manufacture militating against
success. Canteens and other utensile, while
light in weight, were found to dent badly, and
the metal was declared impracticable. Now
that experiment has greatly improved the qual-
ity of the metal its use in our army may come
about. During the Santiago campaign several
cavalry troops had meat cans and cups of
aluminum, but the general verdict was that the
sheet metal used was not thick enough. The
report suggested that cans made of aluminum
sufficiently thick for the purpose would stil
weigh less than half what the regulation can
of tinned fron welghs

Aluminum mess kits, used by, regiments in
the Philippines, have received the same_criti-
cis. Tho experience has been that for officers’
use the mes¢ outfit has served admirably, but
that the frying pans and plates have not been
thick enough to stand the rough usage of the
enlisted men. Many of the officers are using in-
dividual aluminum outfita made in Germany,
where such manufacture has advan further
than in this country, and they are loud in their
praise of the innovation.

The Japanese are possibly
num to-day than any oth
for they are employing itto a large extent In
their ship buildin.: and it is rather a surprising
fact that India supplies a great market for the
metal. Possibly the Oriental mind h | with
oy anything that will even in a smal Tee
ightenthe effort of life. Atany rate, the na are
troops, in India, are perhaps more generally
supplied with aluminum kits than any other
soldiers in the world. The Indian bazaars are full
of aluminum work that is far ahead of anythin
done in the West, for the metal workers o
India are among the cleverest craftsmen of
the world, and, through England, they can
obtain aluminum cheaper than brass of copper

The same elreumstances. that nave F t
aluminum out of our army have hamper fhe
use of the metal in culinary utensils. German
metallurgists long ago discovered the cheering
fact that aluminum was non-poisonous in cor-
rosion. In fact, one old gentleman with the
courage of his convictions experimented
by mixing the aluminum corrosion with his
food for a certain number of days and, finding
himself alive at the end of that time, triumphant-
y scored his point. Naturally, the harm-
essness of the metal should give it an advan-
tage over the long cherished copper in the
kitchen, but for a long time the price was
prohibitory and since that objection was re-
moved the manufacturers have made the
same mistake as in army equipment—that
of using sheets too thin to resist dents in hard
usage, One of the largest uses of the metal
at present is in the manufacture of covers for
fruit jars, where its chemical harmlessness
makes it preferable to zinc and tin, and the
Various mantifacturers find it impossible to sup-
ply the demand for these jar tops.

Another new use for the metal has been found
in the lithographing business, In the past
few years lithographie stone has been to some
extent supplanted by metal platea of one kind
or another. The Germans introduced the first
aluminum plates not more than two or three
years ago, but since that time between thirty
and forty firmsin the United States have taken
upaluminum plate printing, and much of the
finest color printing is done from aluminum
Plates. Thisindustry bids fair to grow becaus
of the comparatively limited @upply of goo
lithographic stone. The world’s chief supply
of this stone comes from the tom of Solnhoten
in Bavaria. No stone of first quality is found
elsewhere, and lithographers say that the quale
ity of theSolnhofen stoneis deteriorating. The

round over which the quarries are scattered
alongs to the village community, and when
anew quarry is ataked it is divided into lota
which are distributed among the homestea
owners of the village, Only the perfect stones
are kept for lithographic purposes, the rest
being soldfor building, paving, &c

Now the blue-gray atone, which is the best
and most costly, is mot procured in sufficient
quantities to supply the demand. The United

tates in particular have felt the scarcity, for
the demand in this country ta for double-faced
stones, and only the fineat quality of the stone
will stand polishing on both sides. Then, too,
the developmente of lithography have led to
ademand for very large sheets, and it is exceed-
ingly difflenit Co obtain perfect stones large
enough for the purnose. The result has been
the introduction of the metal plates, and alum-
inum has found another fleld

A memorial has been sent to Congress, re-
questing the withdrawal of copper cents from
circulation, and the substitution of aluminum
coins. The mint officials and health authorities
have for a long time contended that eonper
coins should be abolished on aecount of their
accumulation of verdiaris and ready trans-
miasion of disease germa., rom time to time
Congressional actiononthe matter has seemed
probable, and at the Philadelphia mint exnert-
pens in the coinage of aluminum cents have

aen made with satisfactory results: but as yet
Congress has taken no definite action in regard
to the matter

The number of fancy articles made of

using more alumi-
er foreign nation,

num is legion, but auch use of th tal wie
" 0 etal ia the

smallest of side issues, fn it in fn'the fe of

electricity, military an perine conet 0

in
nd equipment, and machinery eesting. that
ec aggressive new metal promises great things.

Set seaneerreenoneseseaeese sentir oer a nS pi ra ee ge a a Se el ence er lag oc eeepc cov eSpace oes teers daieeieeaiapei
, a ts SSS SS SS lh esol

CURIOUS FEATURES OF LIPS.

Prosecating Their Husbands for Gambling.

From the Cincinnati Enquirer.

Fort WAYN®, Ind., May 2!.—New Haven, 4 pretty
suburb, 1s all wrought up over the action of five of
the leading women In baving aMdavits filed against
their husbands, charging them with gambling. The
men accused of this high misdemeanor are Samuel
Smith, William Hargrave, Frank Karr, John Travis
and James Hiler.

For eome time past the women have been conduct
ing a crusade against gambling, in which they were
ably supported by the church element, There are
now no orofeasional gambling places in the village,
and for @ \me the ladies and other good Christian
people were congratulating themselves on having
stamped out an evil which had been prevalent and &
source of much complaint. Of late some of the ladles
have noticed that thelr husbands or a certain coterie
of them spent a good deal of time atthe house of Mr.
Smith nearly every evening, and every Sunday there
would be a litle gathering at the Smith house, and it
was noticed that no one but the same crowd was ever
invited, and no one elac was ever told what was going
on there, So the women decided to adopt radical
measures,

Several ineffectual attempts were made to find out
what the men were doing but tono avall. Yesterday
afternoon, however, a number of the women swooped
down on the Smith home and found their husbands
engaged in ared-hot game of poker, with divers chips
and coins passing across ihe table.

There was aseene but just what transpired has
not leaked out, Some of the women were not
satisfied with merely upbraiding thelr recalcitrant
spouses, for to-day aMdavits were filed against the
men mentioned, and Justice Lancey issued warrants
for their arrest. It is said the women will appear
against their husbands

 

 

The Saake Retired First,

From the Philadelphia Press.

LAMBFRTVILLE, May 25.~Last night about 10
o'clock, when Mr. and Mrs. John E, Kilroy of this
city were about to retire, they were horrified upon
turning down the covers to find coiled up in the cen-
tre of the bed a twofoot pilot snake. Mra, Kilroy’s
screams aroused the neighbors, many of whom en-
tered the house. The snake was pulled from the bed
with a garden rake and killed by o few well-directed
biows. Mra. Kilroy bas been prosirated by the shock.

 

Qeick Work in a Matrimonial Deal.
From the Philadephia Press.

STROUDSBURG, May 23.-—-Jerry Shorer of Maple-
wood, a widower with six children, a few days ago
met Mrs. Augustus Hoser of Greentown, Pike county,
a widow with seven children. It was @ case of love
at first sight, and after a courtship of forty eight
hours they were married.

Courts to Say as to Madstone's Value.
From the Cincinnati Enquirer.

CHICAGO, Moy 22.--Letter Carrier Henry MeGor-
lick of 042 Ashland avenue was bit on the leg by a
fabid dog some time ago and went to Mra. Catherine
Roe of 587 Warren avenue for treatment. She ap-
plied a madstone and anid tt benefited him greatly,
but the letter carrier denied this and refused to pay
her bill, Therefore she sued him. Justice Blume to-
day gave judgment for $25 against McGorlick in the
woman's favor. Attorney O'Connor for the defend-
antisald he would take an appeal.

A Cigarette Dog Goes Mad.

From the Chicago Times- Herald

Chute, the best-known dog in Evanston and a
cigaretio fend, has gone’ mad, and yesterday every
policeman inths suburb was looking for him with
orders to kill himon sight. Chute was the property
of De Clifford Chaddock and lived'"at the chapter
house of Beta Theta Pi on Chicago avenue.

For three years the do® was afamiliar sight on the
campus of the university, and never missed a football
or a baseball game, and his master had coached him
to setup ahowland aldin the rooting as soon as
Northwestern began to win. Chute boasted of more
accomplishments than the ordinary dog ever dreamed
of, and !t was notan uncommon sight to see him go
along the street with his master with a lighted cigarette
in his mouth. .

Monday the dog began toact queeriy. He bit sev-
eral other dogs and showed his teeth whenever any of
the Betas tried to pet him. He was locked ina room at
bis home that night and a veterinary surgeon sent for,
but when the door was opened yesterday morning
Chute ercaped. but not until the surgeon had a chance
to see him and pronounce him mad

Damages Against the Man Who Caused Him
to Lose His Job.
From the Loulaviite Courier-Journal,

WILLIAMSTOWN Ky., May 22-—A. Lancaster of
this place was given Judgment for $1,590in the Su-
perior Court of Cincinnall to-day against Marry
Hamburger, a boot and shoe dealer. Lancaster was
6 conductor on the Consolidated Street Railway Com-
pany’s line, and wes running his car one night
at 1:30 A. M. when Hamburger and his
wife entered the car. Two men were smok-
ing, and Hamburger asked Lancaster to have
them quit. Herefused to doso, saying that!t was
not against the company’s rules and that he had no
right to compel the men to quit smoking. Hamburger
began a series of persecutions, Lancaster alleges.
telling his employers many false stories concerning
Bim and finally secured his discharge. Lancaster
Drought sull to recover $10,000 damages, alleging
that Hamburger bad caused him to lose his job, un-
justly and without acausr, and had thus deprived
him of e means of livelibood

Maine's Saddest Cat.

From the Dally Kennedee Journal,

The saddest catin Maineis that Presque Isle feline
which pounced upon en artificial bird in a millinery
store, and ate it, glasseyes and all, before discovering
its mistake.

Dived for an Unknown, Brought Up His Sen.

From the Cincinnati Enquirer,

Sioux City, la, May 22.—While trying to save
George Denison, an eight-year-old companion, from
drowning ip the Floyd River here this afternoon,
George Lewis, aged 12, was also dragged down and
died with his friend Denison was bathing in the
stream and was Aupposedly seized with e@ cramp.
Lewis plunged in after him when he cailed for help,
At first it was not known who the lads were, and the
father of Lewis offered to dive for the bodies Hoe
first brought up Denison, and on diving a second
time rose with his own son in his arms. He was
nearly crazed with grief when he recognized his child.

The Mean Thing.

From the Chicago Evening Post.

There were two typewriters in the room. One was
fn use and the other was not. The young man sat
down near the one that was not in use and watehed
the young woman who was busy with the other.

Inadvertently the young man touched the bell of the
machine near him, whereupon the young woman
yanked tbe carriage of her machine back and started
a Dew line.

The young man chuckied, and a minute later he
touched the bell of the machine near bim again. The
young woman started another new line.

The young man laughed and tried it again with
equa! success.

“Wille,” called the young woman to the office boy
when she had taken the sheet out of ber machine,
“twlephone to the typewriter people to send a man
over here right away to fix thismachine. It's all out
of order, and I can't for the life of me see what's the
matter.”

The young man laughed some more and then mado
his escape. He has notreturned. He is afraid to go
back.

Hs Descendants Namber Ninety-Nine,

From the Springheid Republican

Henry Smith, aged 94 years and 7 months, died
at South Deerfield yesterday morning of old age.
Mr. Smith was born in Palmer, Oct 12,1805. The
family went to South Deerfield in 1819 and located in
Mill Riveron afarm Mr. Smith was married Jan. 1,
1628, to Pattie Clapp, who was killed by a fall from a
wagon in August, 1880. Me leaves, besides nine
sons and daughters, thirty-two grandchildren, fitty-
siz great-grandchildren and two great-great-grand-
children.

Mr. Quick's Feathered Quadruped.
From the Louisville Evening Post,

Mr. Quick, who resides near the raceoourse, is the
owner of 4 freak chieken which is attracting much at-
tention in his neighborhood. The fowl, which was re-
cently hatched, has four perfeetiy formed legs. Two
of them are normal and the chicken usea them for
walking purposes only. The other two are equally as
well formed but are a trifle redundant

However, when Mr. Quick is showing of hia curio,
1¢ seems to appreciate the importanee of the occasion,
and drops down its two extra legs, and does the ‘‘s}l-
four act'’ very gracefully. |Maving satisfied the specta-
tors that its lvgs are not “phonies,” the fowl] throws
them over its back and crosses them just above the
claw. Mr. Quick hag been offered many times the price
of an ordinary ebieken for bis freakish fowl.

There Is No Dispating

peace are ris

Geen, —Ada

 

 

 

 

 

 

HARLEM’S VANISHED GOAT.

THE FRISKY QUADRUPED HAS AboUr
PASSED AWAY.

Driven Oat of His Former Haunts by the
March of Improvements ~ Pathetic Incidents
ef His Going in Harlem Annals The Inter.
esting Survivor Owned by Mrs. Murphy,

 

The passing of the Harlem goat is an invita
tion to the elegiac muse. The frisky quadrus
ped has been celebrated in fletion and in lyrie
song, but now the elegy's the thing. Perhaps
the dwellers upon goat-haunted heights may
not have heard of one Mosehus, poet. and may
not know that Bion is dead, but the sentiment
of the “Lament for Bion” would appeal! to their
hearts. There was a pastoral quality about
the Harlem goat that recalls the Sicilian song:

Raise, raise the dirge, oh Muse of Pastoral,
Ye widdys that mourn o'er the back yard fenom
Tell the mud laden stream of Hariem

‘The goat ja dead; and that, with him

Rare sport is fled; and gone the festive fray,
Raise, raise the dirge, Muses of Harlem fas,
Weep by the waters, ye small Irish fry,

And utter forth a melancholy bieat

Tender as his whose vole’ was like your own
And say to the Hibernian maids, and say
To all the nymphs haunting the classic hills
The goat of Harlem has departed from

Incidentally it might be noted that the Hiber
nian maids and nymphs may do their haunt
ing in greater security than in the olden tine
before the goats died.

New York is gradually being robbed of ‘ts trae
ditions, Five Points is respectable and Mul-
berry Bend has a park and the Tenderloin has
scattered, and Fifth avenue has fallen into the
hands of shopkeepers, and apartment houses
have overrun Shantytown. The goat of blessed
memory fled before the invading tide. Like
the Indian and the buffalo, he retreated to more
inaccessible fastnesses and dwindled patheti+
cally in numbers. He couldn't take his way
westward on account of the river, but he backed
northward, sturdily facing the foe and occasions
ally descending upon his enemies with destruce
tion in his path.

Cable cars overran him, though he met them
with dauntlesa energy, Policemen chased
him on his own native heath, His territory
was divided into lots and given over to builds
ings so blg that his most deadly attack couldn't
even shake them. His rocky crags were
blasted and the grass and weeds were rooted
out, and the tin cans were taken away in a cart
every morning, and the weekly washings were
hung on pulley lines from windows far above
his head. No rations were left for him. For
a time he sustained life with broken bricks and
mortar left by the builders, but the limited fare
didn't agree with him. His appetite needed
broader range.

It was in the mood of lawless craving and re
bellion brought about by these conditions that
two summers ago Mrs, Patrick Horan’s goat
knocked down a neighbor's daughter, aged 3,
and deliberately ate her pinafore off her back.
If the infant's mother had understood the ube
derlying pathos of the act, if she had recog.
nized the combination of a»sault and battery
and highway robbery as the last convulsive
struggle for the right to live, she wouldn't have
taken the episode as she did, Unluckily, her
course in ethnology, sociology and goatology
had been limited, and Harlem remembers to
this day the rate at which history was made
that afternoon. The goat didn't survive the
storm. Ie fell a victim to the march of proge
ress and the irate mother's axe and is now
presumably grazing in Elysian field»

The annals of Harlem are full of such pathetio
incidents. There was a tune when the goat
anecdotes were more or lose humorous, but of
late years they have been distinctly pathetic—
the last records of a perishing race, One may
wander from the East Kiver to the Hudson and
from the Harlem River to the Park without
seeing even a wisp of a goat's beard, Still
there are lonely survivors. Mrs. Murphy has
one. He's a worn, decrepit old fellow with @
chastened expression and a mournful wag to
his head, but the Murphys are fond of him.

They keep him tied up most of the time, as

a concession to New Harlen,, and he is comparae
tively resigned now, At first. being used te
what the poets insist upon calling “rangy libe
erty,” he rebelled. It went to the Murphys
hearts to break his proud spirit, but death was
the price of liberty, and they wanted him to
live. So they tied him to the doorstep, Une
luckily they Used a rope for the purpose, and
Billy promptly ate the rope, beginning at the
end nearest him. The youngest Murphy aps
eared upon the scene before Billy reached
he other end of his meal and his cries brought
tabbed the Gooretep e
of the rope and pulled lustily oy wee slightly
inconvenienced, but the ro roke amide
ships. Since then they fasten him with a chain.
Occasionally, in an absent-minded fit, he eats
a few links, but energetic measures always ine
duce him to disgorge.

Captivity and reflection have embittered
Billy's erstwhile sunny disposition. There
waa a time when he butted wayfarers in pure
frolic. Now, whenever he has a chance, he
goes at them itn arim earnest, He adores
the small Murphys who drive him before a
soapbox chariot, and he tolerates other chil-
dren unless they make themselves obnoxious,
but grown-ups he regards as his natural prey.
He seems to realize that they are responsible
for the high buildings and the streets cars and
the asphalt streets, and his soul Joathes them.
Last winter he relieved his feelings and won
a circle of friends at one fell swoop. There's

apartment house just behind the Mur ye.
fot, and the janitor of that house was Billy's
special detestation.

One day he threw a pailful of water over
the goat. Billy was tired and could do noth-
ng in return: but he was like the mule of the

ovencal proverb, "Qui gardait pendant sept
ana un coup pied, He hated that round,
rosy janitor with a deadly hatred, The ten-
anta of the apartment house shared Billy's
feelings. ss

One morning last February, the goat had

Mrs. Murphy, who

been unhar from the cart and had @
moment of liberty. Just then, the janitor
came actoss the lot from the grocery, The

tableau edified the entire neighborhood, and
when Billy was hauled off, by the combined
efforta of the whole parpay family, his beard
was quivering with irhampn, The apartment
house crowd came over ingly and in groups
to offer thanks and congratulations, and the
four art studente who have the top floor hack

formally presented to Billy a collar, appro-
riately inscribed. Moreover they pleaded
for him when a policeman, secured by the vic-

tim, threatened to end the goat's glorious and
useful career. The Murphys wept. and
Billy looked as much like a lamb as possible,
and the janitor was a German. and the polices
man’s was 4 Donohue, so the trouble blew over.

“He's that quiet ye wudn't think he cud
hurt ennything. said Mrs. Murphy, in telling
of the fray, “but he had been savin’ up that
buttin’ fer so long that it was a reg'lar Doniy-
brook Fair whin it aot shtarted. An’ him #0
fiptie wid the childer. There do be thin a@
uka down on goats, but fer me, give me a
gont, sex I, and take yer pug dows, Thera
used to be tin goats on this very block, an
all a-runnin’ around sociable, I'm not afther
denyin’ there wuz throuble sometimes, lke
the toime when Mrs. Flynn put her feather=
bed on the back shtoop and the goats ate it,
while she wuz talkin’ out av the froont windy,
wid a friend. Not a feather did the bastes
lave, and she'd niver have known where it
wint If she hadn't seen pin feathers shtickin
in the poate beards

“Whin ye wunst know a goat's tastes, though,
ye kin purty well luk out fer him, and they
wuz friendly crathers to have areund. | piss
thim as much as me old neighbors, but Billy
and I, we're all that’s lift, and ['m thinkin’ ab&
flat will be sittin’ on us , if we don’t move or

“Billy's that lonesome he don't ate much
since the other goats all died or wae sint awe.
He niver was much of an ater at any tolme,
Oi've heard a lot of the talk about goats ain
tin cans an’ bruk glass an’ the loike, but Billy
niver wud have any thruck wid sich, We tls
ways fed him somethin’ in the winter, and fla
summer he ates arias an’ weeds, and ehavin s,
He do loike thim shavin'« that are lyin’ around
the new buildin’s, an’ the childer pick thm
p and bring thim over to him. He's that
fond av shirta, too, OO don't dare hang
poet on the line, Mle'll git it down some, war
nut he’s a arent comfort, ls that goat, an onl
pot part wid him till I'm druv out mesilf

So Billy continves his alliterative career on
a Swinburnian diet of shavings and shirts,
and those New Yorkers who cling fondiy to
old traditions should see him, while he lasts
t would be a delicate tribute to early Harlem
istory to keep him as in Rome they kept a
tame wolf, on the Capitoline, for traditions
sake; and Mrs. Murphy should have a fixed
salary and high honor as custodian of the sar
cred animal.

  

Oddities in Accident Cases.

“We see some strange contradictions up here,”
said a young medical student who has recently
been assigned to one of the wards in an up-
town hospital, ‘There are two cases {n point
han’ came in last night. One is asaiior who

 

as touched at nearly every port, according to

is tale. But when he fell from a merry-#0-

roupa up in Harlem and broke anarm he con-

luded that he was away out of his course, and

@ saya whee he geta off here he will never
chai

@ shore noes again. other wii

fue Faas Me HL

4

 

{
s