oe

©) OUR FRIENDS IN HEAVEN.

SHALL WE KNOW THEM THERE?

Catholic Belief Expounded by « Freach
Preacher~-Faith in Recognition Based on
Christ's Words and on Church Tradition
~The Fathers Are All Agreed—Opinion of
St, Thomas Aquinas on the Subject.

Pore Tripler, a Dominican father whose eloquence
attracted much attention here during Lent, preached
at the Church of St, Vincent de Paul and delivered in
private aseries of addresses. One of these was de-
voted to the subject Pére Tripler discusses here.
Pore Tripler returned on Thursday to Paris to resume
bis preaching there.

To M. X.—Sir: Interested in the destiny of
man after his departure from this world, you
have put to me a question of great import-
ance with regard to the rela¢'ons between the
elect in Heaven. I send you an answer which
eeerms to me fitted to bring inte perfect harmony
the demands of your reason, desirous for sound
proof, with the aspirations and hopes of your
heart, anxious to know whether it will find
again in our eternal home those whom it loved
in this world of exile.

L

In the first place let us put the question clearly
on its right basis and let us eliminate all sub-
sidiary questions, which by calling away in-
directly the attention of reason might prevent
it from regarding the question in its true aspect
and from comprehending the value of the dem-
onstration.

This is the statement of the question: In
Heaven the elect see God face to face with a
direct gaze; seeing Him, they possess Him; pos-
pessing Him, they enjoy His love with no fear
of losing it. Direct vision, possession, enjoy-
ment of God, such are the aim and the cause
of eternal happiness to men who by faith, hope
and charity have served with constant fidelity
or with redeeming repentance our Lord Jesus
Christ and His true Church,

You accept this truth, which is evident to
whosoever knows the Gospel. But here come
your fears and the objection which is the con-
Sequence and expression of them, The sight
of God, the infinite Being, the possession of
God, the sovereign and universal Good, the
enjoyment of the boundless Love (Deus Cha-
ritas eat. St. John) fill, saturate and overflow
the capacity of a finite, limited creature such
as manis. Therefore it is not to be feared that
the intelligence, the heart, the memory, the
activity of the elect must be taken up and ab-
sorbed absolutely and exclusively to the point
of making them of necessity strangers and
indifferent to all that is not God Himself. Would
the contemplation of the ever new splendors
of the perfections of the Divine Being, the love
that consumes and ever rejuvenates the elect,
the intensity of the happiness which ravishes
them and lifts them in unutterable ecstasy, leave
to their intelligence, to their heart, the ability
to see and to love creatures?

St. Francis of Assisi in a moment of ecstasy
exclaimed: “My God and my all!" This state

 

 

a

of Jesus Christ, becomes the normal and con-
tinuous condition of the elect. How does it
* allow them to be occupied with other beings

' i than the Divine Being? Would the elect wish
‘ to withdraw from the sight of God and turn
their attention, their thought, their heart to
creatures even though these were the most per-

: fect of angels or the persons best beloved in
ry this lower world, father and mother, son or

daughter, a friend or a benefactor? And even
though the elect should wish it, does it seem
Bn possible that they could gratify their desire?
Is not the sight, the possession, the enjoyment
of God the true happiness? and happiness has
been defined as “the entire and inexhaustible
gratification of our faculties in and through
the possession of the Supreme Good.” That is
God, and God suffices.

Thus the sight and the love of God seem to
you to be for the elect an insuperable obstacle
to any other knowledge and any other affection,
and you fear that, engrossed and absorbed,
they will be strangers, indifferent, unknown to
each other, Such are your apprehensions, and
I think I have stated the question with all
clearness and the objection with full force,

—

a

£
2

1

Be reassured. Y\ alarm springs from an
{noomplete apprejgnsion of the aim and cause
of heavenly oe from forgetfulness of
the doctrine off the Gospel and of inspired au-
thors and og'the belief of the Catholio Church.
Two co ns, in point of fact, are requisite
and @ufficient to establish among the elect
el of intelligence, of memory, of heart

nd Of activity—(a) beatitude in heaven neither
destroys nor changes the personality of man,
and(b) not only does it not suspend the activity
of his faculties, but it elevates, extends and
greatly increases their intensity. Thus it is
false, and (t would be absurd, to picture to our-
selves the blessed, fixed in a purely passive im-
mobility, or hypnotized, as it were, in a con-
templation and enjoyment of God which should
absorb their activity and annihilate in a man-
ner their personality. No, they belong to them-
eelvos and remain masters of themselves ina
liberty that never inclines toward evil.

Two sayings of the Apostle St. John bring
* out in full light the character and the condi-
tions of the life of the blessed In Heaven’ “We
shall see God as he is:” “We shall be like him.”
Incapable through his natural powers to con-
template God face to face, to lift himself up
to the direct and immediate vision, to de-
serve it, man must receive from God a tran-
scendental power which shall raise him to His
level. In this world and during the life of
trials, that power is called the Divine Grace;
in Heaven it becomes the Glory of the Divine
Light. The light of the glory of Godenvelops,
penetrates and saturates with Ms rays the
soul of the elect, and it is in and through this
medium that they look with a direct and im-
mediate gave upon the Essence of God,

Now, thanks to the light of glory, the elect
look upon God with an infallible gaze, and
God is the first cause, the cause of causes; God
fs infinite Knowledge, God is absolute Per-
fection, God is the universal and inimediate
Good, God is limitless Love, God Is the Almighty,
God is the necessary Being. Well, the eye
of the elect, enlightened by the light of the
Divine Essence, sees with a sure and infal-
Uble look the effects in the first cause, the
ideas and thedesigns of infinite Knowledge,the
finite and fragmentary perfections in the ab-
solute Perfection, the individual and secon-
dary goods in the universal Good, the lawful
affections In the perfect and living Love, con-
tingent beings in the accessory Being, solu-
tions and applications in the infallible Justice,
works and creatures in the Almightiness, Thus
the Divine Essence is the inmense, infinite
Pe @irror in which the eye of the elect sees God
first and in the mirror, without shadow and
without spot, and that as an inevitable con-
sequence itsees all the beings, fruits of the Love,
effects of the First Cause, created by the Alinight+
iness governed by the boundless Love and infalli-
ble Justice; and the eye of the elect sees not

 

 

B only the totality of creatures, angels, men,
Bs animate and inanimate things, but their
. species, their genera, their varieties, their
ndividuals, their mutual relations The

re blessed, says the ynost illustrious and author-
; itative of theologians, see in the Divine Es-
sehce the creatures, their species, their genera
( and the reasons for the order that rules the
2 entire universe, Thus no being, material
or spiritual, inferior or superior, could escape
the clearness and penetration of the intelli-
gence of the elect enlightened by the light
of the Fasence of God.
When it reaches the zenith the orb of day
casts its conquering rays upon our planet.
i Our eyes see the sun, but through and in its
iy Aight all the objects which make up the earth
become perceptible to their power of vision,
Tell me, does the sightZof the sun so enthrall
Ee and absorb your eye, so bind its power that
: itis incapable of perceiving any object save the
yy solar disk? It does not, you will admit. Now
te it is thanks to its light that you see objects
and that you yourself are an object perceived
by your kind. Thus it is with the vision of
God in heaven. In the light of His essence
the elect see, with a quick, sure, infallible look,

staeteenn cence nae aaa

     

 

of mind, transitory in that illustrious servant 4

SS

the creation, the work of the infinite Intelli-
gence and Love, in its majestic whole and its
wonderful details. The elect are part of the
Divine creation and constitute, as it were,
its masterpiece. They see each other, know
each other, recognize each other and love each
other. It is the realization of the prophetic
prayer of our Lord on the eve of his death,
“That they may be one, even as we are one,
that they may be made perfect in one.”

The conclusion to be drawn from these prom-~
ises is that in heaven, in God and by the light
of God, the elect see each other, know each
other, love each other in a light and a love
incomparably superior to earthly knowledge
and affection, for they share in the knowledge
and the love of God Himself.

First—The Gospel shows in a clear light
the reality of the personal relations between
the elect. Our Lord and the inspired writers
of the New Testament characterize the state
and conditions of the blessed lifein Heaven by
expressions and symbols that permit us to
forecast the invisible and future real'cies.
Heaven is the Holy City, the supernetural
Jerusalem, of which the elect become the *ter-
nal citizens; Heaven is the Kingdom of God,
whose subjects are governed by the law of love
or charity; it ia the banquet over which Christ
presides, who distributes, not to his servants
but to his friends and his brothers, the bread of
eternal Truth and the generous wine of Charity;
Heaven isthe House of the Father, the Heaven-
enly Father, in which the rooms are extended
and multiplied, in domo Patria mei multe aunt
manaiones, City, Kingdom, Banquet, Father’s
House, all comparigons (and I pass over others)
from which there stands out clearly the idea
of an assembly, a meeting, a society, a family,
whose members must necessarily see, know,
love each other, and must be linked to one an-
other by bonds as indestructible as Heaven
itself. These comparisons force upon us with
crushing certainty the necessity of relations
of the mind, the heart, the memory, of action,
among the members forming the permanent
City of God, the Kingdom begun by Christ here
below and completed in Heaven, the guests at
the Divine table, the sons of God and the coheirs
of Jesus, the children, in fine, of the Father and
the citizens of the Eternal Home.

Secondly-—“Our Heavenly Home” reveals to us
one of the most consoling realities of the Gospel;
it is not guessed at by human reason. Never
could this have conceived of the elevation of
man to a dignity and a privilege like the Divine
Filiation. Yet the fact is indisputable. The
apostle St. John declares that man by the grace
of Christ not only deserves the title of the “Child
of God,” but really possesses that quality with
its rights and privileges. Ut fllii Dei nomin-
emur et aimua, And according to the testi-
mony of St. Paul, man regenerated by Jesus
Christ, possesses His spirit which makes him
utter the cryfofffilial piety “Abba Pater. God
my Father.”

Thirdly —-Will you, moreover, turn your atten-
tion to the first words at the begining of the
prayer abovo all prayers, brought down from
Heaven to earth, on the divine lips of our Lord?
“Our Father which art in heaven.” Yes, do
not these words reveal to you the origin and the
destination of man? Does not Jesus Christ
forbid the giving of the name Father, in the ab-
solute sense, to any man, for He says: “Y* have
all but one Father, which is in heaven, and ye
are all brothers?” Does He not lay stress on
the necessity of fulfilling the will of thea Heaven-
ly Father, and to try to accomplish in us the
infinite perfection of which He is the eternal
and living ideal? If, therefore, Jesus Christ
spends time in convincing minds, in persuading
hearts of that marveHous “Divine application”
it is because that doctrine was to renew the
world bowed down for ages under the slavery
of sinand the tyranny of the devil, Redeemer
and Saviour, He intended to found between
God and man, the religion of love which is noth-
ing more than filial piety. To love, to serve
God, as the best and the true Father, such is
the work of the Catholic religion. Therefore
did He take on a body and a soul like unto ours
in order to embrace humanity in His person

and to raise each one of us to the dignity and
enjoyment of therights gained by his merits
for the adoptive but real children of God.

Now Heaven isthe home where God gathers
all who remain faithful to the grace of the
Divine AMiliation; it 1s the House, in the word
of the Gospel, where childron dwell around
the Father. Low, then, can we suppose that
God constitutes a family whose members
remain strangers or indifferent to each other?
If a father delights in the numerous gathering of
his children about his fireside how can we con-
celve the heavenly fireside without friendly
and harmonious relations? To suppose and
assert this isto misunderstand the Gospel and
to insult the God, who, according to the mag-
nificent phrase of St. Thomas Aquinas, infinite
love, bas given himself to man by a manifesta-
tion and in a manner similar to His love,

Ciinging to the old order of demonstration, let
us ask for a proof for the nature and the object
of the greatest virtues, charity.

Fourthly -Through charity we love God by
preference above everything, above all men,
above ourselves. It is the first and greatest
of the Divine commandments. The second,
says Our Lord, is like the first, “Thou shalt
love thy neighbor as thyself.” Now, at the
gate of Heaven all virtues are effaced by, or,
better, are swallowed up in charity. Heaven
asa woman of influite wit has said, is the eternal
bigssoming of charity. whose perfume is in-
cessantly renewed and that blossoming is
its reward, Now, is it not normal and logical
that charity to one’s neighbor should receive
an adequate recompense? What God com-
pels you imperatively to love Him, and to love
for His sake, a father, a mother, a wife, your
children, your friends and even those whose
sympathy are not brought close to your heart
by sympathy, and it could be admitted
that He prevents you from seeing and loving
in Heaven those whom the ties of blood, of
gratitude, of sympathy, of benefits have bound
close upon this earth? What! Jesus has loved
us as Himself and the sign by which His united
disciples can tell one another {s brotherly
charity, and yet at the gate of Heaven He
would efface and destroy that Divine sign!

What, again! You set up a God, infinite
love, that is jealous of paternal, conjugal,
filial love; of friendship, of gratitude capable
of suppressing all relation of mind and of heart
between children and parents, married people,
benefactors and obliged, the conquerors of
souls and those they have conquered! What!
A Paul, an Ambrose, a Chrysostom, an Augus-
tine, a Vincent de Paul, the modest and heroic
Sisters of Charity, the Little Sisters of the
Poor, the apostles of devotion, should be de-
prived of seeing and loving the countless souls
to whom they have opened the heavenly home!
The mother of the Maccabees, Felicitas, Per-
petua, millions of Christian mothers have con-
secrated their children to God, and that God
would separate them, through isolation or in-
difference or ignorance, from those whom they
have borne for heaven in prayer and sacrifice
and tears! And you suppose that God, who in
creating man placed first of all in his bowels
kindness, would be capable of such harshness!
low could God, the living and infinite love,
Deus charitaa eat, belittle Himself and lose His
nature? That is impossible and you must be-
lieve the words that fell from the heart of our
Lord when He came back to life: “I ascend to
my Father and your Father and to my God and
your God.” Heaven, the house of my God and
the home of my Father, is the place where the
elect see themselves in God, their Father, are
united {n flim, to love each other forever and
never to part. With the Apostle Peter I re-
peat: “I believe, for to whom should we turn
if not to you, who have the word and life ever-
lasting?”

Therefore, through very love, the elect see,
know and love each other, for it is impossible
that God should curtail in heaven a virtue
which has only sprung up in the heart of hu-
manity when bedewed with the blood of His
own Son,

Iv.
This truth has been believed in by the Cath-

olic Church ever since it was founded by Jesus }

Christ. O the epistles of the Doctor of the
Nations, the Apostio St. Paul, especially those
of the Galatians, to the Colossians, to the
brethren in Theasalonica, and you will find
them full of allusions to the relations of intelli-
gence and of heart among the elect and be-
tween these and their brethren on their way
to their celestial abode. The belief was 50
deeply rooted and so vivid among the Chris-
tians of the first centuries that the martyrs
on their way to torture formulated it in their
farewells to their brethren. In the third cen-
tury the great Bishop of Carthage, just before
his martyrdom, wrote these memorable words:
“Our home is Paradise and our ancestors, the
patriarchs, have preceded us thither. Let
us hasten homeward to salute our forefathers!
We are awaited by a multitude of persons dear
to us, we are desired by many parents and
brothers and children, who assured of their
own immortal happiness, are kept anxious for
our salvation” (De Mortalitate).

Pope Bt. Gregory the Great, by whom Ene-
land was gained to Catholicism, wrote these
memorable words: “This mutual recognition
gives the crown to the recompense that every
man must receive. It makes the goed rejoice
atill more to see those rejoicing with them
whom they loved here below. Happy ones,
there is something still more wonderful; be-
sides recognizing those that they have known
in this world, they will know those whom they
never knew on earth. For after all, what can
the elect in heaven be ignorant of, since all
see there in full light the God who knoweth
all things!” (Dialogues, 1, I{v.).

The fathers of the Church—-Ambrose, Pauli-
nas of Nola, John Chrysostom, Gregory of
Nyesa and his brother Nazianzenas, Augustine,
Jerome, St. Bernard--have carved into
the imperishable brass of tradition the faith
of the Catholic Church in the mutual recog-
nition of the elect. These great men * ave
let their reason and their hearts speak in sub-
Nme pages, in which the vigor of the demone
stration is heightened by the splendor of elo-
quence and the energy of conviction.

Among modern writers, Bossuet, that ex-
traordinary genius, of such exact, sure and
austere doctrine, demonstrates this truth in
the following terms: “If we enter as we should
into the spirit of faith, we shall take the matters
of this world, as if passing through, and when
those who are dear to us go to God before us,
we shall not be inconsolable as if we had lost
them but we shall endeavor to make ourselves
worthy of joining them in the place where
they await us, We must not allow ourselves
to be dejected by a helpless grief as though
we no longer had any hope. Thus it is al-
lowable for the tenderness of the faithful to
show sadness at the death of their friends
though the emotion of a passing grief. Per-
mit the feelings of humanity to let them shed
tears of consolation soon dried by the joys
of faith, which persuades us that “Chris-
tians who die, draw away from us a little in
order to pass to a better life.” (Bossuet, “Sen-
timents Touchant la Vie et la Mort.)”

I end this letter, already so long, by the
rapid and succinet statement of the doctrine
on this subject by the most authoritative of the
doctors of the Catholic Church, St, Thomas
Aquinas, the Angel of the Schools.

“God,” says he in substance, “is the cause,
the means, and the measure of our affections, in
Heaven. We shall love God more than any-
thing and any person, and we shall His creat-
ures, angela and men, in the measure corre=
sponding to their resemblance and their union
to God, for it will always be God who is loved in
His creatures which reflect in themselves His
perfections. The more the Divine perfections
shine in a reasoning creature the stronger and
the more intense will be our love for it. In
other words, the order of the love with which
an elect loves his God will be the measure of
our affection for that elect.”

Nevertheless,each elect will preserve a special
friendship for those who were united to Him
on this earth by the ties of relationship, of sym-
pathy, of esteem, of gratitude. “In Heaven”
the great Doctor shows, “all the causes for,
an honest, pure legitimate attachment persist, but
elevated and transformed by the glory of God.
grace does not destroy Nature, but rests on it
ar on a necessary support. And after a process
of purification and of transformation man re-
mains in Heaven amid glory and eternal bliss
with his natural perfections and his super-
natural perfections.”

The Christian feels the ardent, intense, In-
eradicable desire to find again, to see, to love
in his Heavenly Home, those whom he has loved
here below. This desire, it is God Himself who
inspires it, keeps it alive and rekindles it in the
depths of our souls. How could God, the in-
fallible Wisdom, the boundiess Goodness, the
living Justice, the eternal Love, deceive our
legitimate hopes and break his promises? So I
conclude with St. Thomas Aquinas, “tm possi-
bile eat naturale deaiderium ease inane.” It is
impossible that the Creator should not give full
and entire satisfaction to the natural aspira-
tions of His creatures. (St. Thomas Against the
Gentiles, Book 7.) And I have the luminous,
invincible assurance of the reality of the rela-
tions of intelligence, of heart, of love among the
elect in the Heavenly Home.

Rev. Father TriPieEr of the Fréres Précheura,

New York, May 23, 1900.

 

GOVERNMENT SAVES $165,000,

 

of Readvertising for Bids for

Shells for the Navy,

WASHINGTON, June 2,—Rear Admiral O'Neil,
Chief of the Naval Ordnance Bureau, has in-
formed the Secretary of the Navy that the Gov-
ernment has effeoted a saving of $165,000 by re-
advertising for bids for furnishing 1,200 12-
inch shells, equally divided between the common
and the armor-piercing types. When the bids
for these shells were opened under the first ad-
vertisement it was found that all the firms com-
peting, four in number, submitted Identical bids
in each class, thus indicating combination to in-
crease the price, The Department promptly

rejected these bids and readvertised. Yester-
day the new bids were openee and were found
to be lower than the first in every instance, the
same four firms competing. No two bids were
ideniical. The Secretary of the Navy will
award contracts for furnishing the shells to the
lowest bidder in each case, $85 each for the
common shell against $195 each in the identical
bids and $144.75 each for the armor-piercing
shell against $310 each in the identical bids.

The Result

 

CAPT, M’GOWAN'S

—

SENTENCE.

 

The Secretary of the Navy Reduces It to Six
Months’ Suspension on Half Pay.

WASHINGTON, June 2.—In accordance with
the unanimous recommendation of the court-
martial which convicted Capt. John McGowan,
U.S.N., of charges growing outof theshooting
of a Filipino native at Cebu in November last,
that clemency be extended, the Secretary of the
Navy has reduced the sentence imposed to
six months’ suspension from duty on one-half
sea pay. Thecourt sentenced Capt. McGowan
to suspension from duty for two years on one-
half sea pay and to be publicly reprimanded
by the Secretary of the Navy. Thereprimand
will be delivered in the form of the Navy De-
partment’s order in the case, It is believed
that the action of the Secretary will meet with
the approval of the Naval service generally
in view of the mitigating circumstances, chie
of which was that Capt. McGowan fired only to
frighten the man killed, who was suspected of
attempting to smuggle liquor on board the
monitor Monadnock, under Capt, McGowan’'s
command.

 

CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.

 

Request for the Extradition to England of
Sir Edwin Arnold's Son.

WASHINOTON, June 2.—The British Ambassa-
dor filed to-day in the State Department a re-
quest from his Government for the extradition
to England of Julian Bidulph Arnold, a son of
Sir Edwin Arnold, under arrest in San Fran-
cisco on the charge of embezzlement in Lon-
don, The Department received also transcript
of the testimony taken at the hearin,
case before the United States ( caniebinee
San Francisco, who committed Arnold for ex-
tradition No action will be taken by the
State Department until the habeas corpus pro-
ceedings in Arnold's behalf have been disposed
of inthe United States District Court at San

ancisco. It is contended in behalf of the qc-
cused man that the alleged offence is not ex-
tenerens, Ld both nara and breach

@ extr: e
Briden table offences in the

ty. | tax.

DAY'S WORK INTHE SENATE

THE LAST OF THK GREAT APPRO-
PRIATION BILLS PASSED.

‘The Emergency River and Barbor Bill, the
Bill to Settle the Indebtedness of the Sleuxz
City and Pacific Ratlroad and a Caban Ex-
tradition Bill Also Among Bills Passed.

WasHINGTON, June 2.—-The consideration
of the General Deficiency bill, the last of the
appropriation bills, was resumed in the Senate
to-day,. Mr, Morgan offered an amendment,
which was agreed to, appropriating $13,568
to reimburse the Maritime Canal Company
of Nicaragua for expenditures in aid of the |

Ludlow Commission for the inspection

 

survey of the Nicaragua Canal. The bill was
then paseed,

The bill to create a commission to settle
and adjust the Government indebtedness
of the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was passed just as it came from the
House.

Mr. Chandler (Rep. N. H.) introduced a
bill to prohibit employees of the Government
from becoming or remaining members of
any organization for the promotion of legis-
lation to increase the salaries of its members,
Employees are also forbidden to contribute
any money for bringing about such legisla-
tion, under penalty of discharge. The bill
is the result of recent charges that funds have
been collected from classes of Government
employees—notably the railway mail clerks—
and that a lobby had been maintained here
for urging a bill increasing their compensa-
tion.

A conference was ordered on the Sundry
Civil Appropriation bill and Senators Alli-
son, Hale and Cockrell were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.

The Emergency River and Harbor bill was
taken up, amended and passed.

The substitute reported from the Judiciary
Committee for the House Cuban Extradition
bill was then taken up, and an amendment
was offered by Mr. Stewart (Sil., Nev.) to strike
out the proviso that before making the order

of surrender, the Judge shall be satisfied that
proper provision exists for securing to the
acoused a speedy and fair trial.

The gpronidmens was opposed by Mr. Hoar
(Rep., Mass.) and Mr. Mason (Rep., fl), and
was advocated by Messrs, Stewart and Teller,
on the ground that such a proviso was a ree
flection upon the Government of the United
States, which controlled matters in Cuba,

Mr. Platt (Rep., Conn.) supported the amend-
ment and declared that it would be a shockin
outrage if, under the pending bill, a person could
go to Cuba, comnit.a crime there, return to
the United States, and be free from punishment
As a member of the Judiciary Committee he
had consented to the reporting of the bill with
the proviso in it; but he now thought that the
prov {so should be struck out. ,

Mr. Fairbanks Cen . Ind.), in charge of the
bill, expressed his willingness to have the pro-
viso struck out.

After «a long discussion the amendment was
agreed to, 46 to 10, the nays being Senators
Burrows, yetery, Culberson, Gallinger, Hale,
Heitfeld, Hoar, Mason, McEnery and Sullivan,
and the bill was passed.

It provides that any fugitive from justice
who {8 now or may hereafter be charged with
or convicted with the commission of any of the
offences therein specified against the criminal
laws in force in the island of Cuba, who may be
found within any State of the United States,
of in any Territory, or in the Distriet of Co-
lumbia, shall be liable to arrest and detention
and on written requisition of the Miltary Gov-
ernor or other governing authority of Cuba,
he shall be surrendered 4, the authorities in
Cuba for trial under such laws. Such accused
persons shall be taken before a Judge or Justice
of the Circuit or District Court of the United
States in the district in which he is arrested,
or if in the District of Columbia or in a Terri-
tory, before a Judge of the Supreme Court thereof
who shall order bis return and surrender, on
evidence establishing probable cause that he
is guilty of the offense charged; and thereupon
he shall be returned and surrendered to the
authorities of Cuba on the order of the Secre-
tary of State of the United States: provided that
such return and surrender shall not be made
of persons charged with the commission of
offences of a political nature.”

Mr. Spooner’s bill relating to the Phitippine
Islands was taken up and Mr. Clay (Dem.,.
Ga.) addressed the Senate on the subject of
the getravagent expenditure of the Govern-
ment,

Mr. Stewart (Sil, Ney.) spoke on the Phil-
ippine question, laying down the axiom that
to advocute the cause of Aguinaldo is to advo-
cate treason against the United States,

The bill went over till Monday, when Sena-
tors Pettigrew and Teller are to speak.
Resolutions on the death of Representative
Greene of Nebraska were offered by Mr. Allen
(Pop,.Neb.) and agreed to, and eulogies of
the deceased Congressman were pronounced by
Senators Allep, Turner, Harris, Veller and
Thurston, after which the Senate adjourned
until Monday.

HOUSE PASSES ANTI-TRUST BILL.

 

It Is an Amendment to the Sherman Anti-

Trust Act Only One Negative Vote,
WASHINGTON, June 2.—The House to-day
took up the bill amending the Sherman Anti-
Trust law, and after an uninteresting genero!
debate the bill was read by sections for
amendment.
Mr. Ray said the committee thought it would
be unwise to define in the bill additional offences
against the interstate Commerce law, as the
Supreme Court had declared the Sherman act
constitutional, and they did not wish to impertl
its constitutionality by amending it.
When that portion of the bill adding section
9tothe Sherman act was reached, Mr. Terry
(Dem., Ark.) offered the first of the amend-
ments submitted by the minority. It pro-
hibits the Interstate transportation of mer-
chandise manufactured by a trust or monopoly
upon penalty of $1,000 fine and six months’ im-
prsonment, and denies the use of the mails to
the corporations. The amendment was de-
feated —yeas, 122; nays, 130
A second amendment proposed by the minority
provides: “That whenever the President of the
United States shall be satistied that the price of
any commodity or article of merchandise has been
enbanced in consequence of any monoply as de-
fined in this act he shall issue his proclamation
suspending the communication of ali customs
duties or import taxes on like articles of mer-
chandise or commodities brought from foreign
countries, Such suspensions shall be as long as
such enhancement in price of such commodity
or article of merchandise exists and until ree

voked by the proclamation of the President.”
Defeated; yeas, 122; nays, 133.

The next amendment offered by the minority
provides: “Nothing in ths act shall be so con-
structed as to apply to trades unions or other
labor organizations organined for the purpose
of regulating wages, hours of labor or other
conditions unde: which labor is to

be per-
lien his Mr. R ised

gainst this Mr. Ray_ralised a point of ord
ut was overruled by Speaker Mondovaen and
the amendment was adopted by a vote of 260 to
&, its announcement being greeted with loud
ap pouse el in th
1ore voting in © Negative were:
Aldrich of Alabama Allen of Maine, Lee

ansas, Calderhend of Kansag, Cannon of [l-
inofs, Hitt of Tilinois, Littlefleld of Maine and
Larrimer of Lilinois,

e bill was then passed; yeas, 273: "8,
(Mr. Mann of Illinois), the ahhouncemmat’ Sas
areeted with preionsed applause,

A( 5:30 the House adjourned.

eing

 

Red Rose Day in the House.

WASHINGTON, June 2—To-day was “red
rose”’ day in the House, So many members ap-
peared on the floor with bright red roses bloom-
ing on the lapels of their coats that it gave rise
to the rumor that an organization similar to
the Primrose League of England had been
formed in the House, Conspicuous among the
wearers of the blushing rose were Representa-
tives Grosvenor, Hitt, Hepburn, lowdondacer
Littlefield, Steele, Levy, Swanson, Ca ron,

I
Lacey, DeArmond, Fitageral N :
Underwood. agerald of New York and

 

Value of Havana Imports.
WASHINGTON, June 2—-The Division of Cus-
toms and Insular Affairs of the War Depart-
ment made the statement to-day that the total
value of merchandise, gold and silver, imported
into Havana during the three months ended
March 41, 1900, shows an increase of $3,915,281
over the same period of 1800; that the total
value of merohandi-e imported into Havana
during the month of March, 1900, was $4,333, 226
and that the total value of merchandise from
the United States during the month of March
was nearly as much as the total value imported
fron a other countries combined, being

1770, 754.

Additional War Tax on Beer.

WASHINGTON, June 2.—Assistant Attorney-
General Boyd has rendered an opinion to the
effect that the additional war t f
levied by the Government on GS% Vetere,
at the time the act was passed, should stand,
The brewers protested against this additional

Important: Announcement.

American Graphophone Co.
olumbia Phonograph Co.

Announce an agreement between themselves and

National Gram-o-phone Corp.
Universal Talking Machine Co.

for legal protection and commercial advantage.

Some Features of the Agreement:

The GRAM-O-PHONE is abandoned, including its name.

The ZON-O-PHONE is the official substitute therefor, and now becomes the 1900
model of the National Gram-o-phone Corporation, whose rights are exclusive.

The ZON-O-PHONE combines the features of the joint patents of all parties to the
agreement, and without which no disc machine can be legally constructed.

All persons selling or using any style of disc talking machine other than that sold by
these Corporations will be prosecuted.

All parties to the agreement operate jointly in enforcing these rights.

ZON-O-PHONES will be on sale with Graphopones in all the sales depots of the
Columbia Phonograph Co. throughout the world.

Nots:—On May 5, subsequent
ciples of the Grapbophone patents,
Gram-o-phone Corporation, and

to this agreement, the U. 8. Circuit Court decreed the princ!p!
The infringing features, without which no disc
are embodied in the uew and superior type, now

-O-

 

machine {8 operative, are at the
Zoo

es of the Gram-o-phone to infringe the prin.
disposal of the National

phone.

DISCOVERY OF GEN. SUCRE'S BODY.

He Was the "Liberator" of Ecuador and Was
Assassinated 70 Years Ago,

WASHINGTON, June 2.-In a communica
tion to the State Department, dated May 8,
A. J, Sampson, United States Minister at Inito,
Eouador, reports the discovery of the remains
of Gen, Sucre, the Liberator, After his as-
sussination seventy years ago Gen, Suere’s
body was buried in the family chapel of his
hacienda, Three years later) the remains
were brought to Inito and interred in Carmen
Bajo, a church of the city, This was known
to only four persons, Before the death of
the last of these four, a woman, fifteen vears
ago, she committed the secret to a woman
who has caretully guaties it all these years,
Early Jast month she divulged the secret to
the Feuadoran Government A sporougn
investigation was made and the proof of the
truthfulness of the woman's story appeared
to be conclusive,

Minister Sampson says that at the date of
his report the remains were lying in state in
the President's mansion under a military guard,
They will remain there until June 4, the annt-
versary of Gen, Sucre’s death, when they will
be reinterred with great pomp and show of
patriotism.

“Seldom,” he remarks, “are the people of
any country more thoroughly aroused than
are those of this country over the discovery
of the remains,”

 

BIG FAKE CLAIM DISMISSED.

Heirs of the Late Gov. Durkee of Utah
Claimed $64,000,000 From the Government,

WASHINGTON, June 2.—The Court of Claims

has thrown out the “Blaisdell case," whieh
bas been hanging fire since 1893, when suit
was started by Attorney Blaisdell and some
of the heirs of the late Territorial Governor
Durkee of Utah for $41,000,000, which it was
alleged the Government in some way secured
n Central and Union Pacifie Railway first
mortgage bonds, which Durkee, it was alleged,
had owned in 1865. It has come to the ears
of officers of the Department of Justice of
late that some of the heirs of Gov, Durkee
have been travelling around the country bor-
rowing money on “blocks” of this claim, against
the Government, and it was thought advisable
to end the case without delay.
Ever since it was started in 1893, the lawyers
for the heirs have been asking repeatedly that
{t be reinstated on the calendar, promis-
ing to produce proofs which were never forth~
coming. The Department of Justice looked
up the will of the late Goy. Durkee and found
that the claim for these bonds was no where
mentioned in it, the property bequeathed
amounting to about $40,000, This is one of
the most gigantic “fake” claims, it is said that
has ever been made against the Government,

 

EXPENDITURES AT PARIS,

Only 576,638 of the $1,500,000 Left of the
Exposition Appropriation.
WASHINGTON, June 2,—-The President to-day
transmitted to the Senate a further statement
of the detailed expenditures of the United
States Commissioner to the Paris Exposition,
as called for by resolution, The period covered
by audited accounts was the first three months
of the present calendar year, and the expendi-
tures i) that period amounted to $211,583. (
this sum $50,139 was for salaries, $23,207 for
travelling expenses; furniture and incidentals
for offices in Paris, Chicago and New York,
$2,125; transportation for officers and men,
$1,357, miscellaneous expenses, “‘includin
newspapers, press clippings, photographs, car
engraving, messenger service, cab hire and ex-
reas and freight ¢ arges,"’ $38,268. The total
disbursements to March 31 are shown to
$603,283. The amount appropriated by Con-
gress on account of the Exposition was $1,448,-
736, of which $576,638 remains in the Treasury
unexpended,

 

CASUALTIES IN THE PHILIPPINES.
The Total Is 70 Officers and 1,774 Men

—Seven OfMicers and 77 Men Committed Suicide.

WASHINGTON, June 2.—Secretary Root, in
response to an inquiry, to-day transmitted to
the Senate a statement of the casualties among
the regular and volunteer officers and enlisted
men serving inthe Philiprine Islands from the
ate of occupaton to May 24,1900. It shows
that 4% offloers and 608 enlisted men were
killed in action or died of wounds received, 22
officers and 1,188 men died of disease and 7 of-
ficers and 77 enlisted men_commitied suicide,
making a total death list of 70 officersand 1774
enlisted men, Inthe same period 128 officers
and 1,436 enlisted nen suffered wounds which
did not prove fatal. The number of troops in
the Philippines on April 80 last was 2,326 of-
fieers and 61,272 enlisted men,

 

Nominations by the President,

WASHINGTON, June 2.—The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate:
Morris M. Estee of California, to be Unite
District Judge of the Territory of Hawait 7 rae
Joha C. Waird of ba ming, to be United States
Dairies / sorney of Une eT, of Hawali
dante Ay 0 Inols, to be United State:
Marshal of the ‘Territory of Hawaii. = Gane
Frederick A. Kuntzech, to be Surveyor of Customs
at Syracuse, N.Y
John 1, Nesbit, to be Postmaster at Corona, N. Y.
Army —Col, Jacob H. Smith, Seventeesth Infantry
artd Col. Luther R. Hare, Thirty third Infantry, to be
Brigadier Generals; Major Carrott H. Potter, Four
teenth Infantry, to be Lieutenant-Colonel; Capt,
lienry A. Green, Twentieth Infantry, to be Major.
Navy—Lieult, Albert Gleaves, to be a Lieutenant
Commander; Lieutenant (Junior grade) Waldo Evans,
t» be a Lieutenant, Ensigns Frank H. Brumby,
Thomas M. Dick, Charles Kk. Mallory, Frank P. Bal
win, William C. Davidson, Newton Mansfield, Harris
Laning, James P. Morton. Daniel M. Garrison,
Franklin D Karns, David W. Todd, John V, Kle
manr, Willlam R. Cushman, Henry V. Butler, Jr,
y R Gherardi, James L. haby. dames E.
Walker, Frederic N- Freeman, William H. Standley,
Arthur T. Chester, Cassius B. Barnes. Albion J,
Wadhams, Kenneth M. Bennett, Edward H. Watson,

Walter

Orlo S Knopper, Miehaei J. McCormick, John F
Marshall, Jr., Rufus Z Jonasion, Jr., Ernest F. Eck-
hard, Edward H. Dunn to be Lietenants, Junior

Grade,

a

SSS <> SSS SSNS = en

a

POLITICAL NOTES,

The Republican State ticket In Iilinots ts made up
wholly of men ving outside of Chicago.

The newly organized Populist National Committee,
of which Marion Butler has been reé@lected chalrman
has one woman member,

 

The three Commissioners In the matter of acquiring |
title to the approaches to the Willis avenue bridge
over the Harlem River have fled with the Comp-
troller claims for additional allowance as follows:
Edward B. Whitney, $5,000, B. W. Bloomingdale,
$7,000 and Arthur Berry, $5,000. Charges of
$17,000 for additional services on a Harlem appraise-
mentare unusual

 

There will bea State election in Alabama in August
and the Populists, who are still numerous there, are
to hold a State Convention at Birmingham to-morrow.
They are opposed to a Constitutional convention,
favor the dispensary system of controlling the liquor
trafic, and are opposed to the present Democratic
State Administration. The Popullists of Alabama
polled 24,000 votes for Bryan and Watson in 1496,
Bryan and Sewall had 107,000,

 

The Department of Health has requested an appro-
priation of $13,860 ‘for the care and maintenance
of the building occupied by the said Department,
Corner of Sixth avenue and Fifty ffth street." This
building has been altered from club uses to ofMctal
uses at considerable expense aiready.

 

The tax budget of the city of Paris is $75,000,000 a

year or about $16,000,000 less than the amount to |
be raised in the elty of New York from taxes this
year, The volume of taxation would be considerably
Greater in Paris but for the fact that many functions
which are here chargeable to munictpal expenses are

paid for from national appropriations. The debt of
the city of Paris ts nearly $400,000,000.

Two wards, the Twenty third and Twenty-fourth,
make up the borough of The Bronx. At the entrance
to one of The Bronx brewerles, however, is this sign
“Three Wards." The explanation of this apparent
error !n trans-Harlem topography 1s found when It
fs known that an “a” (referring to medals for excel
lence of beer) has fallen from the sign. Atthe en-
trance of President Louls F. Haffen's office in the
Muntetpal Bullding in The Bronx ts this: ‘Notice -
This Is nota political headquarters, It ts 4 place
for the transaction of public business only,”

The State of Texas, notwithstanding its large eclec-
toral vote and Its preponderating Democratic ma-
Jority, has not heretofore exercised much influence
on Democratic leadership and policies, but this year
{ts position on the Democratic side Promises to be
Much more important than ever heretofore for the
reason that the Democrats of the Lone Star State,
both on the Governorship and on the Senatorship,
have harmonized thetr differences, and former fac-
tlonal divisions, which occasionally threatened
Democratic supremacy, no longer exist. In the
Presidential election of 1896, Texas gave Bryan his
Jargest popular majority, 202,000, the only other
State in which his lead wasin excess of 100,000 be
ing Colorado, where he was 134,000 ahead, but
under the conditions of equal suffrage without dis-
Unction of sex, Texas has thirty votes ina Demo
eratic National Convention and these thirty cast asa
unit would not be without effect were it not for the
fact that Texas 1s so low down on the voting list,

There {8 considerable complatnt among the Tam-
many Democrats of the Thirty first Assembly district
over what they consider the discrimination of the
leaders at headquarters against the Hopper faction,
which was victorious atthe September primaries, and
In favor of the defeated Welde faction, On the vote as
returned the Hopper ticket recetved 1,627 and the
Welde ticket 1,237, and the Hopper men elected of-
ficers and took control of the organization. In mat-
ters of municipal patronage, however, the Hopper
faction ts ignored, it is asserted, and the tecommend-
ations of the Welde minority are considered, one re-
cent Instance belng in the matter of the appointment
of appraisors on application of the Oorporation Coun-
sel, On the list Is one of Judge Welde's sons,

No Statein the country except Rhode Island and
Mississippi requires more than one year's residence
foreitizens. In Minnesota a restdence of four months
only {3 required in the State and of ten days in the
county, A majority of the votersof Minnesota are
foreign born.

The Eighth Congressional district of Alabama in-
cludes seven counties in the most northerly part of
the State and has long been represented by Gen.
Joseph Wheeler. The contest for the nomination for
the unexpired term ts already lively. and three cand
dates have appeared inthe fleld, Jesse F. Brown of
Scottsboro, editor of the Progressive Age: Judge Wil-
Mam Richardson of Huntsville, who has several times
unsuccessfully opposed Gen, Wheeler, and the Hon
W. H. Sawtelle of Colbert county. The election will
occur on Aug. 6, the same day asthe State election,
and the winner will serve in’Congress until March 4
next, While Gen, Wheeler is not a candidate for the
short term, the general belfef in Alabama {s that he
Will stand for the long term at the November election
Itts Amured that the President will retire him asa
Brigadier-General before March 4, which act would
make him eligible to a seat In Congress after March
4, next

In the early years of the political history of this
country It was customary to choase as the President
the candidate getting the highest number of electoral
votes and to make the candidate (usually of the oppo
site party) who got@e second largest number of votes
Vice-President. This plan was adhered to until 1824,
when the present system of popular votes for Presi
dential electors was inaugurated,

 

The average municipal budgetin the city of Lon-
don ts $70,000,000, and as the total population of
Lonaon, Including all divisions under municipal
government, was 6,209,990 by the census of 1496,
this total would compare favorably with the expendt-
dures of New we | which are, approsimately, $65 -

000,000 for a city of 3,600,000, bul for the fact that
the general government of England contributes a
very considerable sum to what are considered in New
York municipal expenses. Moreover, New York's
contribution to State taxes Is included In the items of
ordinary munielpal expenditures.

The Democrats of Michigan, whoin the Presidential
election of |}496 polled 48 per cent. of the vote of the
State, with a gold vote for Palmer and Buckner of
7,000, have harmonized their local differences and are
preparing fora vigorouseffort with some Republicaa
aid to carry the State on the Governorship this year,

 

The Republicans of the Thirty second Assembly dis
trict of this county are not formidable numerically,
casting, usually, fewer votes than Tammany has ma-
jority tn the district. but they have in progress a con-
test over the district leadership Just the same, a contest
whichitisexpected will not be determined until Sep-
tember. The present leader ts Isaac Newman, a
Deputy Internal Revenue Collectorin Ferdinand Fid-
man'soffice. Former Alderman Charles A. Parker
seeks control in hisplace. Mr. Parker wasa candidate
on the Republican tieket for Aldermanin the Twenty-
ninth district in 1897, He polled 1,000 votes less than
the Democratic candidate and 1,600 votes less than the
nominee of the Citizens’ Union.

 

The bill signed by the Governor abolishing the ofice
of Supertutendent of the Land Survey does away
witha place created in 1695, the duties of which as
defined by statute were ‘to make such surveys as the
State Comptroller and the State Forestry Commission
may need to have made for the settlement of bound-
aries of lands, the titles to which are in dispute.” The
State of New York has for many years retained, and
it has recently enlarged, its holdings of land for State
purposes, particularly in the Adirondack Preserve.
The bill referred to has for its purpose
the consolidation of the Land Survey work
With that of the Forestry Commission. In the latter
partof the last, and early in the present, century,
most of the lands In the State were parcelled out for
sale and settlement by chain and compass surveys,
made under the authority of the owners of the various
grants, The first map of the State was made by pub
ting together the results of these special surveys. Its
vrrors and deficiences led Gov. Clinton to urge the ne-
cessity of an authentic and oficial map of the State
Horatlo Seymour, in his first message as Governor,
set forth the reasons foran accurate survey of the
State and the establishment of permanent mone
ments. Theactual State survey, however, was not
begun unt 1875,

 

 

COMPLAINS OF CONSUL MERRILI.

 

A Protest by the Turkish Minister That May
Result in His Recall,

WASHINGTON, June 2,—Ali Ferrouh Rey,
the Turkish Minister in Washington, has filed
a vigorous protest with the State Depart.
ment against articles written by Selah Mer-
rill, United States Consul at Jerusalem, and
printed in the Christian Herald of New York,
in which severe criticism is made of the Turkish
authorities in Jerusalem. The protest amounts
to a notice that Mr. Merrill's usefulness in
the Sultan’s possessions has ended, and it
appears to be certain that he will be recalled
by this Government or his exequatur cancelled
by the Porte, Such action is contingent oa
admission by Mr. Merrill that he is the author
of the objectionable articles, which were pul»
lished over bis signature, or proof that he fui
nished them. The State Department has
already taken cognizance of the complaint,
and while its action will not be disclosed by
the officials, it is sate to assume that Mr. Mere
Hl has been asked whether he wrote the ure
ticles

Mr. Merrill's contributions to the Christan
Herald accuse Turks in Jerusalem of being
murderers and say that the authorities wink
at their evil doings. Ali Ferrouh Bey's com
munication is couched in indignant terms and
denounces the sentiments of Mr. Merrill. Much
surprise is expressed in official circles that @
consular officer of such long official experience
should have been so indisereet. Mr. Merrill
is serving his third term as Consul at Jerusaler
He was Sppointed to that post first by President
Arthur on March 31, 1882, and retired in October,
1885. On Feb, 27, 1801, President Harrison re-
appointed him to Jerusalem, where he served
until October, 1893. His present appointment
dates from Jan. 22, 1808. Mr. Merrill was bern
in Connecticut and isa citizen of Massachusetts.

The mere statement by Turkey that Mr Mere
rill is persona non grata is sufficient to justly
his recall. In such cases, however, the Govern-
ment whose Consul is accused of having offended
the authorities of the country to which he is
accredited usually determines whether his verbal
or written remarks are sufficiently objectionable
to justify his withdrawal. Should the decision
be in the affirmative the Consul would be ordered
home immediately. If a negative decision
were reached the Government filing the com-
plaint would be so informed. Jt would then
remain for that Governinent to take action.
Should it forfeit the Consul’s exequatur he
would be obliged to leave the country and his
own Government would have no right to come
plain.

Invites the Boers to Settle in the United
States,

WASHINGTON, June 2..- Representative Fitz-
gerald of Massachusetts to-day introduced a
resolution extending a cordial welcome to the
inhibitants of the two South African republics
to come to the hospitable shores of the United
States, to become citizens thereof and to estab-
lish homes. It also «irects the President to
communicate the resolution to the Presidente of
the Transvaal Republic and the Orange Free
State

$2,074,697,871 of Money in Circulation,
WasHINGTON, June 2, The amount of money

in circulation in the United States on June 1

WAS $2,074,657,871, an increase of $14,142,408 for
the month and of $119,186,862 for the twelve
months ending that date. Based on an esti-
mated population of 77,676,000 the circuladem
Per capita is $26.7. -

 

 

—