<<

YAY JOYS OF SMITH GIRLS.

THE YEAR WHEN
most ATTRACTIVE,
That of Outdoor Pleasure, Is
ore the College Girt

Enters Into Its Pleasures With the Fallest
Zest -The Athletic Girl and Her Diver:
sions-The Present Joys of the Senior.

NorntTHAMPTON, Mass, June 2.—If there is

«more delightful place in the world just
por! than Northampton you could not make
or amith College girl believe it. In the late
afternoon hours, when the college takes a
thing space after the work of the day and

ythers inspiration for the tasks of the evening,
college girl reaps @ harveat of delights.
a. visitor leaving the train at the Northamp-
ton station at o'clock on a bright summer
day it seems as if an army of pleasure seekers
had been let loose Half «a dozen bicyclists
stop opposite the Post Office and then speed
away toward the bridge to try the new State
road that runs through Hadley and is creep
ing slowly on to Amherst. A few steps further
up a rosy-cheeked girl, in a pink Jacket, with
a golf bag resting beside her, is waiting for a
car to take her to the links, where she has been
spending all her spare time practising faithe
fully for the tournament. At the door of a dry
« store two seniors are puckering their
eads over samples of lace which seem suse
piciously appropriate for graduating gowns.
Life has its responsibilities, even on a May
afternoon, and the prospectivy alumn® must
waste many of the idyllic moments of their
last term selecting and trying on the gown in
which they are to receive the B. A. degree.

4 couple of juniors in the book store @
few doors beyond have been putting anxious
thought on the books that are to be their come
mencement presents to their best beloved
seniors. But the question is settled now, and
they hasten to drown their care in a glass of
joe cream soda This particular drug store is
go well populated with customers that the clerks,
with their very best efforts, find themselves
almost swamped by the ordera, Girls line
the counters and the crosswise seats. They
fill the pretty little room bevond the string
curtains and occupy every chair in the Japanese
corner at the top of a winding flight of stairs.
Again and again, as relay of girls succeeds
relay, glasses of strawberry ice, peculiar to
Northampton and Smith, go out full and return
azain empty. Two girls enter hurriedly,
finish their ice with an eye on their watches,
and then dart away to the Opera House, One
of them is in the senior play, and she is going
to spend the next two hours in the dimness
of the Opera House practising her part and
being criticised, throwing her voice at some
one up in the back row of the gallery, failing

and trving again with infinite patience
It ix this willingness to work as well aa the
talent of the girls taking part that makes the
senior play at Smith’s every yee? a perform-
ance worth considering, Shakespeare's dramas
have been chosen for the last five years, and
each succeeding elass has shown itself worthy
of earrying out the ideals of the class before it
\ny class that could not keep up the standard
would feel like hiding its head and running away
without its degrees, The class of 1900 has no
apprehension of such a fate. It has worked
hard and diligently, and those who know say that
*Twelfth Night” in its hands will equal any
play that has been given. This assurance ts
comforting, when the hero is trying to train
down her voice to a masculine piteh and is re
peating over and over again her dificult
speeches, If it were not for the honor and glory
of 1900 her thoughts might wander from the
empty seats, her critic hidden somewhere
in the darkness, and the words she |s saving to the
green campus with the long afternoon shadows
across it, and the apple orchard, where half a
dozen of her clussmates meet inthe play, with
none of her fear of failure on the crucial nights,
turning them cold and spurring them on to
heroic efforts beforehand, can swing lazily to
and fro, silent or talkative, as they please
4s the term shortens these hours together
ow very precious and the hammock groups
requent the orchard persistently, Observation
and foresight are necessary to secure the best
placea for hammocks, and the process is inter-
eatin As soon as the hammock-loving girl
finds herself a senior she wastes no time in get-
ting to the apple orchard with a hammer, tacks
and her calling card. Then she selects her
two favorite trees and tacks her card to them
securely, thereby rousing the curiosity of the
freshmen every fall, who firmly believe that
the seniors have reserved for themselves the
apples of the trees thus designated, until they
tee the college gardener come along and gather
them up one fine fall day, and some junior takes
ity on their greenness and explains that the
wean are for hammocks, Seniors, by eommon
consent, have the choice of places and uncer
Classes must take what is left and be thankful.
Accordingly the seniors, enthroned in their
hammocks, can watch the progress of the tennis
tournament with mild interest while other
fpectators sit on the ground. The tournament
is being managed in a new way this vear. The
claases are to play offone against the other until
only the two or three decisive rounds are left.
Formerly the public was asked to watch
the tournament all through and grew very
tired of it, but now guests are not invited to
appear until the climax, whieh being confined
to one afternoon will give their interest no time
to cool, Just the few persorally interested
in the particular girls who are playing find
thelr way to the tenyis courts during the pre-
liminary playing ond althoueh the hammocks
hang only a few feet away, the drowsy seniors
pre not disturbed by undue enthusiasm from
those plaving or watching
If however, the hammock region becomes
too popular, over the hill past the observa-
tory and beyond the plant house, at the foot
of a little path is the boat house in the edge
of “Paradise.” formed by the widening of Mill
River. Boats are waiting and the passengers
nead only row two or three hundred lazy
strokes along the bank to find themselves ar-
rived at some lovely nook where the forget-
menots of early spring are siiceeeded by the
violets of Inte May. If one wishes to keen the
peetic conception of the little lake entirely
momarred, it is not well to send the boat fur-
ther down stream. For only a few minutes
out of “Paradise” is “Purgatory,” where pigs
innumerable reside from the first even unto
the fifth reneration. The joys of “Paradise”
are real but they need to be indulged in with
moderation
The girl who seorns quiet pleasures, jike
boating and hammock swinging, and who
{fs not to be tempted by tennis or bicycling
or long tramps, and who vet looks museular
end athletic. is pretty sure to be a golf en-
finsiast. Tf she can be induced to show her
forearm it will be at this season of the year,
a beautiful lobster red which will give place
{n time to the coffee berry hue so much ad-
mired among golfites. The links where a tour-
Dament ix in progress seem made as a setcing
or girls innumerable, pretty or plain, in shirt
Waists of «0 many colors that they would make
® barren Cesert look like a flower garden. The
tournament is just over for the year, but shirt
waists and short skirts are still in evidence
on the links, and afternoon tea with a friend
or two is a good excuse for the trolley ride
tothelinks, whetheroneplaysthegameor not,
neon’ er far from the college, diverging
terests carry the Smith girls in an afternoon's
reassure when the hour hands creep around

F
qne TIME O
COLLEGE IS

 

Another Life,
spread Bef

 

brea

good
fore!)

toward @ all the wanderers begin to con-
Verge foward the campus. One by one the
aroins come in. the walking elub laughing

and chatting, the bieyelists panting alter the
net spurt the golfites theging thelr bags, the ten-
Dis players Mushed and exeited, and hammock

Bitls With cushions in a leisurely procession

The girls who have no time for play come
SUrrying cut of the libraries with huge vol-
Nimes tinder their arms, and the bold spirit
yu cates not what people think cuts across
ve campus bearing triumphantly the freshly
ironed Qown with whieh she is going to honor

& hose dance

One after
skirts and
bled and
their outin

ithe evening
nother the groups in their short
“Hitt waists. with their hair tum-
Themselves showing the effect of
\t 6, the ie Gisappear into the different houses
ahora san er bells in the houses sound One
stragglers lt 4 kind of irregular scale. A lew
then iy come running across the campus,
sorted y SueL green stretch is silent and de-
end of that ne Of forty minutes, At the
jonbhatn Nhe the house doors open, and
throngs (a multituce of girls pours out and
who went, wnus. They are the same girls
 arefully But the transformation wrought
With trae gee eed: hair, and muslin gowns
‘ns and fluttering rmbbons and laces

89 Brent that no
CAN believe it noone who has not seen it

   
 

The twilig
best of Met hour of a late May day is the
strolls geet’ the Smith girl knows it, She

away
frien a OF ini
pokes, OF eter

into the shadows with her best

ag A group * merry girls telling

| - away to a hammock to dream

y ; : i

hed herself. Pretty soon the Glee Club gathers

tone ah of Music Hall, and the music of
Fsong floats away over the campus. The

Penis uD ! !
Smith” th Above are struggling with “Fair
some sort fp college song, trying to get it into

, nothing

c Shape so that there will
we vere wi
rhe, if possible, than a few flat notes and a
‘nty where the altos come in, to
rendering of the song before the

little unce
ra
Mark their

ce of fathers mot
Youths baltho i's praet and fri - on hyy
o *
te seniors, who go down thankfully to

  
 

   

$ ves into ‘of the

or to e
and the other untiee

clamor for The - the

larger. Girls drift in from all comers of the
campus. The clock in the tower above their
heads peals out seven strokes for them, as it bas

for many other erations of col airls.
Once more the signal is given the eis Club
nce claps, on its

sings its last wee The au
own account sings “Good Night, Ladies.”
roans & senior.

Then with a sigh the girls turn away.
“Philosophy to-morrow,” ¢&

“and | can't make head or tail of the lesson.
1 — iy ey a tet aihorpoon oe See
y. But senior vacation’s coming, perha
Teen worry through.” ee
_ “See here,” says another senior, with anxious
linea between her eyes, addressing the first
one “You didn’t keep your appointment to have
your measures taken for your play costume.
I'm almost tired to death,and I really can’t run

after you as if you were a poodle.”

Then they both laugh, one of the irresistible
ringing laughs which college teaches as the
solution of a difficult situation. A little fresh-
man behind, hearing it, thinks to herself:

“How I should like to be a senior with nothing
to do but laugh, instead of going up to a siz-
zling room to fry what brains I have left over

mathematics.”
goes its different ways ain.

The college
Work reasserts its sway. The house corridors
prevails

grow quiet. An atmosphere of study
b-drama of our day's amuse-

tone
listeners

and the little su
mens has come to an end.

 

FROGS’ LEGS.

 

The Best Come From Canada and the De-
mand Is Increasing Rapidly,

There is money in frog culture. What ts
more astonishing, competition in the business
is not great and the market supply of frogs’
legs often does not equal the demand. Jersey
furnishes a small part of the supply, but over
there the industry is as a rule followed upon
desultory and primitive lines. Small boys
and men with nothing better to do bunt the
wild frog to his lair and beat the swamps. For
a short time the catch is satisfactory, and then,
Just when the frog hunters see coloseal fortunes
looming up before them, the frogs give out
and the business collapses.

They do the thing better in Canada and in
western New York. The finest frogs’ legs in
the market come from the Dominion, and up
there frog culture is a deeply serious and scien-
tifle affair. and its profits are surprisingly large.
The Canadian frogs’ legs are much larger than
any others and are always in great demand
in New York; but comparatively few of them
are to be found in market now, although the
season for them has been on for several months.
The Canadian frog raisers are holding back
their supply until July, when the opening of the
summer hotels increases — the mand tre-
mendously and sends the prices skyward.

The wholesale dealers charge from thirty to
sixty cents a pound for the legs, the hindquar-
ters of about four frogs making a pound. At
the uptown retail dealers’ one pays from fifty
to seventy-five cents, and even a dollar; while at
times, even during the season, the legs cannot
be procured at any price

the demand for the delicacy has always
been fair, but it has steadily increased. and the
prejudice against frog eating that once was
strong among Americans has practically dis-
appeared, save in country districts

“Our orders for frows' legs are fifty times as
numerous as they were ten years ago,” said the
head waiter of a Broadway restaurant, when
asked about the matter, “You Americans
have such queer prejudices abont what you
eat. Tf vou can swallow soft shell crabs and
lobsters and eels and paté de foie gras, what's
the sense in drawing the line at frogs? You'll
get around the snails after a while, but that’s
where the average American sticks fast now.”

AS THROUGH A MIRACLE,

A Woman Bedridden for Forty-seven Years
Believes She Was Cured in Answer to Prayers,

From the New Orleans Timea-Democrat

After lying helplessly on her back for forty-
seven years Mts. Josephine Hasam, the au-
thoress-poetess, residing at 1802 St. Mary
street, without premonition or thought, at-
tempted to walk yesterday and succeeded

A year ago, on Ascension Thursday, a lamp
was lighted in St. Alphonsus Church and it was
agreed by the congregation to say novenas
for Mrs. Hasam'srecovery. Yesterday Mrs. Ha-
sam was, as usual on Sunday, lifted from her bed
to a small vehicle and wheeled to St. Alphon-
sus Church. After the services she returned,
and for the first time in years felt an impulse
to walk. She found little trouble in getting
about the room, and was made so happy by
the discovery of her returned power that she
became hysterical. After she recovered her
composure she tried to walk again and again
and then summoned her children and grand»
children, who trooped in one by one, if any-
thing more surprised than the invalid.

The news soon spread through the neigh-
borhood and to the church, and throughout
the day people poured in to congratulate the
family. Mrs. Hasam and her children seemed
convinced that the recovery was a direct re-
sponse to the prayers said, and the devout
ones of St. Alphonsus’s, without exception,
expressed a conviction that it was due to su-

pernatural interposition.

Mrs. Hasam is 67 years of age, but !s won-
derfully preserved and does not appear a day
over 45. Her maiden name was Ormeby, In
1852 she was married to Thomas Hasam, a

ioneer lumber dealer, who died in 1885. Dur-
ng her youth Mrs. Hasam contributed to the
leading magazines of the day, and was con-
sidered an adept in the use of good English
and a poetess with a future.

Her invalidism was caused by a pelvic trou-
ble at the age of 20. For years thereafter
specialists throughout the country were con-
sulted tee operated on Mrs. Hasam, but
without avail. he last operation was per-
formed by a local physician fifteen years ago,
since which no medical practitioner has been
ealled into the case. During that period the
invalid had no medical attention of any kind.
She was parcirece in the region of the hips,
and could not stand on her feet, even when
held in that position by willing arms, without
sulfering excruciating pain

‘Yes, | can walk; | have walked about the
rooms to-day, the first time in forty-seven
years, said Mrs. Hasam joyfully to a reporter
fast night. “L hope it is a final and complete
recovery, but L don't know. I may not be
able to walk to-morrow.

“Of course, [ firmly believe it is through
supernatural power this boon has been
granted me. For a year my friends have

n saying novenas for me. My recovery
1 feel sure, is an answer to our prayers. 1
cannot believe otherwise. I hope it will be
6 lasting one.”

The children of Mra. Hasam are: Thomas
R. Hasam, a commission merehant in the city
of Mexico; Sidney Hasam, a local manufact-
urer of boxes, and Joseph Hasam, who is em-
ployed in the City Hall, Sidney Hasam was
seen at his residence, 1445 St. Mary street,
and said his mother's recovery waa a great
surprise to him and must be a greater one to
the medical fraternity, whieh had given the
case up as incurable. He said he could not
account for the recovery except through mi-
raculous interposition.

a

 

Thirst.

From the Lancet.

A correspondent writes to 8 upon a matter
which undoubtedly comes home to the heart
of every one of us. He says that

Every one isconstantly bearing of the terrible thirst
which cur soldiers in South Afriea have to endure
and we who have friends there are receiving requests
for “thirst-quenching tablets’’ or anything which
will afford relief, any of us would be only too
grateful to know of something which could be sent
out as also for any hints as to methods of quenching
thirst, even temporarily, in the absence of unpolluted
water, Such information would reach great numbers
of men~—{t would lead to the saving of much suffering
and probably of not a few lives.

While fully sympathizing with the writer of
this letter in his desire to be informed of some
means by which the terrible thirst experienced
by our soldiers (n action or lying wounded on
the fleld of battle can be relieved, we fear that
such means are not to be looked for in thirst-
quenching tableta, or in fact in any other means
than the supply of water.

Thirst is the expression or cry of the system
for water, Itisa want thatis felt in all other
parts of the body—in the blood which becomes
thicker, in the skin which becomes hot and dry,
in the nervous system as is indicated by head-
ache and delirium, in the muscular system
which is enfeebled, and in the glandular organs
as shown in the costive bowels and high-colored
and dense urine. The want of water is referred
especially to the fauces os thirst, and is perhaps
really felt in that region more acutely than elae-
where because, in addition to the want of action
of the salivary glands, the whole mucous mem-
brane of the mouth is rendered very dry by the
passage of air over it through the open mouth
and by the great interference that such dryness
causes in speech and in swallowing

But what relief can be expected from
tablets? Tablets themselves require mols-
ture to dissolve them, and to enable them
to act. Lemon juice might possibly prove
of service, but how Is that to be optained in the
exigencies of war? Even if a few moments
relief were afforded by sych means the impera-
tive desire for water would not be abolished and
would probably only be intensified. We must
regretfully admit that we know of no means but
water to relieve 'he fooling of a by J Bro:
ceeds from violent exertio!
sun, either with or without itional mis-
ery of those bodily injuries which eo materially

increase its intensity.

———_—— LS Se

  

    

  

—_—

TRANSFORMATIONS THAT HATS cay
MAKE IN WOMEN,

English, Parisian and American Looks Given
by Milliners to their Customers —Afternoon
Teas for Tenement Women ~ Trials of
the Society Dressmaker and Her Friends,

“It is important for a woman to know just
what effect each New York milliner can create,”
said a girl as she straightened her hat with the
help of the elevator glass; “to know just what
you may expect when you go to one of them,
Now there's Catenbury-Bantock, who invariably
makes everybody look like an English woman
who happens to buy from her, like @ rather
well-dressed English woman to be sure, but
nevertheless an undoubted product of New
Bond street and guiltless of the slightest asso-
ciation with the Rue dela Paix. At certain times
this style is not to be ignored. It is excellent,
for instance, at the races, and during the first
November days the woman on Fifth avenue
who has this London look is able to hold her
own, But for other periods it is entirely un-
adapted. I have seen Catenbury-Bantock’s
customers at a wedding when they all looked
like the shopkeepers of some provincial Eng-
lish village who had been invited into a mar-
riage of some of the quality. Her hats are an
excellent example of the iinportance to a woman
of knowing just what a milliner can do.

“For any woman who wants to look French,
distinctly Parisian in fact, and ia willing to run
the risk of possibly looking just a little bit fast,

there's no place to go but Ovide's. He will
make her look for occasions as if she
= stepped out of a French fashion-plate so
‘ar as mere headgear can accomplish that re-
sult. He will make her delightfully piquant
and smart in the afternoon, and give her a morn-
ing hat which has a subdued smothered sort
of atyle that seams to suggest all the time that
she could be a great deal smarter if she wanted
to and if that were really good form so early
in the day. And he will give her, too, evening
bonnets that are almost wicked in their modish-
ness, 80 strongly reminiscent are they of Paria
and the best neh taste But go to him
for a hat to travel. for driving, for walking any
further than a few vily blocks, and the chances
are that he will give vou some ridiculous and
unbecoming thing entirely unsuited to its pur-

ses, So won the great Ovide has his [imi-
tations. although they are not so strongly
marked as Catenbury-Bantock's; but she is
English and he is French, that explains any
superiority he possesses

Boosey is a compromise between the two,

is neither French nor Fnelish, and makes @
woman looks like nothing in the world but a
refined, well-bred American. She gives you
a sort of Boston, blie-stocking, conservative
look that is all very attractive and charming
even if it is not particularly smart, She is a
sort of Charles Dana Gibson in millinery and
stamps the letter ‘A’, meaning ‘American’ in its
most attractive sense, right in the middle of
wour forehead the moment vou put one of her
hats on. [ heard one woman say that she al-
ways felt as if she had wrapped up her head
in the Declaration of Independence when she
wit on one of Boosey's hats. But the operation
as been so discreetly and tastefully performed
that the effect is rather becoming. Boosey ts
a safe path for young women to keep in, A
nice complexion, well-kept hair and a look of
innocence surmounted by a Boosey hat give
the most ordinary sweet girl graduate rather a
distinguished look

‘T suppose in the long run the taste that
Boosey represents is the best. but T should pre-
fer Catenbury-Bantock for two hats a_ year
and Ovide’s for all the rest. But how I should
hate to want to look as Ovide makes me look
and wander by mistake into Boosey's! If one
knows what the peculiarities of the milliners
are the question of millinery becomes less com-
plicated in New York.’

 

Feminine philanthropy is to take a new form
next fall, unless one benevolent woman loses
her good intentions on a Furopean tour. She
went abroad lately, but she amiably outlined
before her departure a seheme by which she
was to benefit her sisters who have less oppor
tunity for tea drinking than she possesses

"Tenement teas” are the words that describe
her eleemosynary scheme, She says she will
goto tenement houses in the most thickly stettled
districts of the city and give afternoon tea at
least once a week for the benefit of the women
who live there. The only qualifications to
entitle a person to a cup of tea will be stated
in an invitation hung ‘n the hall of the tenement
Any woman who lives in the house and is willing
to wash up sufficiently to make her presentable
at the function will have the right to come in,
When she arrives tea and sandwiches will be
presented to her and she is expected to conduct
herself according to the elementary rules ob-
served at a tea tinder any circumstances

Just how many of the women will come and
how many of them will repeat their visit) the

amiable woman who has devised this plan of
relieving the sufferings of the world does not
yet know. She was inspired to this effort by the
conviction that the women in the tenement
houses knew too little of social life. She had
plainly overlooked the efficiency of the growler
as a means for promoting social relaxation
and the various other circumstances of tene+
ment life that serve to bring neighbors together
in more or less pleasant contact. She probably
has no ideaof what power a pail of water thrown
out of a top window has asa means of pro-
moting acquaintances aniong the women who
live in the tenements, or what may be accome
plished by the daily battles which take place
among the younger generation of tenement
dwellers.

In the pest only these gentle means have served
to introduce the women of the tenements one
to another, and her proposition is to supplant
them by the gentler influence of Oolong and
toast. That the tea asa social incident has come
in for its share of abuse during the last few years
is true. Its defenders now are few. Deserted
by the men, even women have ceased to have
their old interest in it, but in the tenements it
is still unknown. This social explorer may be
procuring new and continued popularity for
the 5 o'clock tea in its new surroundings,
but it will have to fight hard against the superior
powers of the mixed-ale party

More serious obstacles to the success of this
new plan is the objection that these people
have to anything that seems like charity. A
woman of the tenements would rather buy her
own cup of tea if she wanted tea and make
it in her own rooms with a friend of her own in-
viling, however humble the circumstances might
be, than find herself included ina miscellaneous
lot of tea drinkers, asked merely with the
idea of doing them all good in some way or
other, Such schemes may be possible in Lon-
don,and many similar undertakings have proved
efficacious there which failed here utterly
because the spirit of the people to be reached
is very different. Efforts to instruct them and
entertain then: meet with favor ao long aa they
appear in a measure mutual; but «0 soon as
the element of charity entera in the scheme
is doomed here.

This benevolent woman who wants to pour
tea in the tenements will very soon find herself
imposed upon by the unworthy recipients of
her favors, while the claes that she really thought
to reach would keep away from her and resent
very decidedly any intrusion into their lives
based on a cup of tea as a means of introduction.

The lot of the society dressmaker has many
embarrassing features. When she starts to
work to support herself and solicits the patron-
age of her friends her position is undeniably
awkward, When her friends become her cus-
tomers in sufficient numbers to make her pros-
perous her embarrassments are not yet over.

“They are so absurdly critical of everything
that a woman says or does when she is in that
position,” complained a girl whose intimate
friend had lost her money, turned dressmaker
and become successful in controlling an estab-
lishment of considerable size. “They not only
do one a favor when they come to buy clothes
from her, but they are just as exacting as if
they went to 4 stranger; and they expect to be
flattered, or at all events to be talked to in the
most complimentary and considerate fashion,
something quite impossible for straightforward
candid women to do.

“Of course I'll admit some of the society
dresamakers go too far and lack the diplomacy
that the regular dressmakers have, There
was Mary Wilson, for instance, She fairly
bullied her customers, but the end of it was
failure and she had to give up her work an
marry again. Some people said it served her
right for the rude things she used to say. I
went to her once and picked out a beautiful
black and white striped foulard. She told me
that I must be crazy to think that such a bag of
bones as T was could go about in a black and
white stripe, I though that was a little bit
unnecessary, even if T had known her all my
life, and there was no use of her tellin my
mother, who went there merely because tary
was 4 friend of mine, that she was entirely too
sallow to wear pink. She of course did go a
little bit too far, and none of us ever went back
to er a second time

“I have heard people say disagreeable thin
about my friend Fielen, net because she doesn't
make herself pleasant to them, but because
she makes herself too pleasant, and usually ends
by persuading them to buy a great deal more
than they want, simply because they are her
social as well as her business friends, and don't
like to be rude. I heard her say the other day
just such a simple thing as th to a woman

id
the mean thing went off and complained that
1 h
a
at

took advantage of her. It
fine and my friend gave

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JUNE 8,
NER, | eae Helen

 

ar
sd

de

tiful waist for $80. It was a bar-

 

told her so, She told her she
Nt ber perfectly, but Mrs, Bro
ia
ey Bon't me that,’ Helen said, ‘you know

and don’t spend half

A ear
ZOU ve got $60.00 8 Year wouldn't te a bit of

your | 80 this waist |
a 8 . ides, it is far better that you
should buy it with all your money than that I,
strug ling along in business, should be let
wit! it on'my hands. Now, dotakeit. TMeaven
ows how I'm olng to come through anyhow

this year, y friend ~fus» to bu
from me tw i certainly have to give up. If I
I would buy «t stunyou,

were as rich as you

“Mra, * wn did buy the waist, but said |
some hard things afterward about Helen forcin,
her to buy things she didn’t want, and a lot o'
Helen's other friends say that they are loaded
down with petticoats and waists and dresses
that they had no idea of buy ing till she made
them. {ft would be just like them all not to
come back to her next year, the mean things,
and they all do that merely because she's a
friend and they think they're accommodating

er.”

 

SIBERIAN IMMIGRATION,

 

 

 

The Gates Into the Country Have Been Wide
Open, bat Will Now Be Partly Closed,

The Emperor of Russia recently ordered Mr.
Koulomsine, a member of the Government, to
visit Siberia for the purpose of inquiring into
the condition of the hundreds of thousands of
Russian peasanta who within the past few
years have made new homes in that country.
The Emperor's agent has recently returned
from his task and submitted a report with
recommendations as to the future policy of
Russia in respect to immigration. As a result
of his report the Government has adopted a
law providing that no peasant will be per-
mitted to emigrate to Siberia unless he first
supplies the local authorities with proof that
he has personally visited the place to which he
wishes to remove or has fixed upon such place
and is acquainted with the conditions he will
meet there through information supplied by
an intermediary The peasant must procure
this information at his own cost. The purpose
of the law ia to’ revent very poor persons from
going to Stber 1 and thus obviate the great
disappointment and suffering which have re-
suited from the removal of many thousands
of peasants to a new land without the slightest
idea whether they would like it or not.

Mr. Koulomsine savs that during the past
seven years an average of 150,000 persons a
year have emigrated to Siberia. Enormous
as this emigration is, there is no danger that
any of the provinces of Europe would become
depopulated if it were continued, for the an-
nual increase in the population of Russia proper
is about one million five hundred thousand
souls, He thinks, however, that the new law
will diminish the number of emigrants by at
least two-thirds: in other words, that about
50,000 instead of 150,000 persons will annually
remove to Siberia

This reduction in the rate of the colonizing
movement will place it upon a more solid and
rational basis. A great number of the immi-
grants, thus far, have been sorely disappointed
upon reaching their destinations and have finally
appealed to the authorities to send them back
to their old homes. Their life in the new re
gion enriched them in experience, but made
them very poor in all other respects

PERSISTENCE IN DREAMS,

The Little Girl That a Man Dreamed of Every
Night for Many Years,

From the Kanaas City Journal

Inventors have dreams, Not day
dreams alone, although these for the most
part are thought by the public to be queer
enough —-but just the ordinary, sleeping dreams
Dreams of the latter sort were discussed at a
meeting of inventors Thursday night. After
talking of dreams in general and the philosophy
of unconscious cerebration, several of those
present fre lated personal experiences that are
peculiar, strange and weird.

“Por twenty-five years,”
Dimmitt, of the Inventors’ Association, “I
have dreamed almost nightly of flying. Oc-
easionally | miss a night, but a week never
goes by without my aerial flight. It appears
to me that | take a running start as though on
a bieyele and gradually rise from the earth,
soaring over cities and towns, looking down
at the people, and observing them often to
yoint at me, saying: ‘See him! There he goes!
‘here he goes!’ [sail along from the top of
one Mill to another. traversing immense dis-
tances in a single night. There is nothing
terrifying in it at all. On the other hand it
is a delightful sensation to feel that you are
soaring above everybody, but notwithstanding
this | often get provoked at myself for dream-
ing this dream so persistently. | have tried
in every way to break myself of it, but to no
avail. I stili take my fly nearly every night,
1 do not imagine that Tam in an airship -I
am alone, and am just sailing through the air

like a bird.’
This experience caused a great deal of come

‘
}
|
ment among the inventors and various ex-

|
|
|
planations were offered of the frequent =|

queer

said President

currence of it. Then George D. Shultz came
forward with a dream even stranger yet
“My uncle.” he said, “who lived in the coun-
try, had a large meadow adjoining his farm
There were perhaps thirty acres of it and it
was lowland, soggy, wet and sproutly a great
art of the time. Jt was surrounded by a rail
fence and was bordered on one side by a dense
thicket. Por some reason my uncle always
said that he wanted to be buried in that meadow
and when he died the family, in consideration
of his request, buried him in one corner of the
meadow. | remember the grave distinetly
jhe ground about it was so wet that they had
to bail out the grave before the coffin was lows
ered into it

A «mall fence was built around the grave,
enclosing it in a small square lot in the cor
ner of the meadow

Now, this is where my dream begins, and
for ten or fifteen years of my life 1 dreamed
it regularly every night. One night IT saw a |
little child, a girl, emerge from the thicket
bordering on tue meadow, crawl through the |
meadow fence and start in a direct line across
it to my uncle's grave. She had got only part
way toward it when a great herd of lions,
tigers and other savage beasts rushed into |
the meadow and made for her, Just betore |
they reached her they all got into a_ terriffie |
fight and in the seramble hid her from my
view. Hut in a moment she came into view
again. running for her life back to the spot
in the fence where she entered the meadow
J could see that little child as plainly as | see
any one in this room, I could see every fea-
ture of her face and would recognize her in-
stantly if TE should ever meet her. T can see
her little dress blowing out straight behind
her as she ran from the wild beasts, | can
see the very panel of the fence that she cramled |
through, and many a time I went tn broad
davlight and examined it, peered into the
thicket and searched for a child's footprints,
Nightly for years [| dreamed this dream. Al-
ways the same little girl. always the wild beasts
coming just as she got part Way across the
meadow, and always per terrified flight back
again to escape them. I dreamed this over
and over again, the details always the same,
until finally one night the child got clear to
the little enclosure around the grave before
the animals reached her. She got over the
fence, turned around and put her face to the
cracks and looked through at the lions and
tigers. She was perfectly safe. The wild
beasts could not reach her. She was in a
haven of refuge. Since that night the dream
has never come back to me.”

 

Distance Statistics—Fingers and Jaws.

“Did you ever think,’’ said the nice young
man who was trying to sell typewriting ma-
chines, “how far a typewriter's fingers travel--
one of these pretty typewriters, you know,
whose fingers are like fairy touches? No?
Well, here are the figures: Say she writes forty
words a minute, which is slow enough, her
fingers cover half an inch for each key she |
strikes, and averaging five letiers to the word |
this will wive 200 half inches or 100 inches to the |
minute, or 6,000 to the hour. That is 500

|
'
|
}
|

feet to the hour. Now say she works six
hours a day uninterruptedly, which is more
than she ever does, her flngerp go through
3,000 feet of apace cach day, and for the twenty-
six working dava of the month they travel a
little less than fifteen miles, or let us say, even
fifteen miles a month. That is pretty falr tray-
elling for those dainty fingers, isn’t 11?"
“Huh,” grumbled a grouty old chap, “that's
nothing. Did you ever notice the pink and
white chblow jaw of heaven's best gift to
man? No? Well, observe If vou please the
distance {t travels in the course of a_ month.
Allowing three-quarters of an inch for each |
word spoken, and 150 words to the minute,
whieh [make thus small in order to be fair to
the ladies, fora mn will talk 200 words a
minute on the floor of the House of Represen-
tatives, her jaw will ' ass through a inches
per minute, that is 6,720 inches, or 580 feet per
hour Allowing now eight hours for sleep,
there are sighigen hours when she talks, which
gives 11,980 feet, about two miles per day, and
she talks every Gay in the month, or thirty
times two miles which is sixty miles that that
pink and white vision of neachbiow loveliness
swings through every month in the year, and a |
little more when my month happens to have
; o

hirty-one days in Now my little Jjuw
frankincense and’ myrrh, what have you got to
y

a7 noous ,the ers of your flying

 

  

1900.

NELLY OF THE

MORE THAN A
MATCH FOR THE BAD BOYS.

She Has Jast Reached the Age Where She
Finds Boys an Encambrance on the Earth
~Her Fights Over the Swings and Her
Longing for Poles ap Which to Shin.

Woman's suffrage is needed on the East
Side. Down in Seward Park feminine feel-
ing runs high against masculine prerogatives
and assumption.

“Ef they'd give me a pole to shin up, wud
1 be goin’ over and botherin’ the boys? Nit.”

That's the way one outspoken and worthy
small girl put the matter. She had just been
dragged out of a swing and had her ring bitten
off by two small imps in boy form, so she could
be pardoned some hard feeling, and the girls
to a unit agreed with her.

“They want the earth.
wants and they'd like to shove us girls off'n it.”

“Wait a while and they'll want to hold you
on,” suggested THk SUN reporter to whom
the tale of woe was being unfolded, but the
remark was ignored.

“There they've got a gymnasium over on
the other side of the ground and we ain’t got
nothing but swings and they jes’ come over
and knock us around shameful. Nelly’s the
only one that can lick them, and she goes home
with her face scratched most every day.”’

“But don't those men and the policeman
keep the boys in order?” asked the reporter
feebly.

“Keep nothin’ {n order! While they'’sa
chasin’ two or three boys there's a dozen oth-
ers a naggin’ at us. When the teacher's here
it's better. The boys is afraid of her, an’ she
likes little girls best, but men ain't good fer
nothin’ Ff there wasn’t any boys an’ not
any men in the world it'd be a lots nicer place.”

“Not any fathers?” asked a frowsy headed
little Jewess, doubtfully.

“Huh; what d’ye want of fathers!
we got mothers?” said the small man hater,
sucking her finger where the ring had cut it.

“Look at them now--a pokin’ the rabbit
every time the man’s back’'s turned, and a—
pinchin’ the babies, and a--hittin’ the girls.
1 wisht they'd all get in a pen together and
fight each other till they was all dead.”

“Oh, not Willy!” wailed a thin, white-faced
little girl, who seemed to think the East Side
Xantippe was going to begin the extermina-
tion at once.

“Yes'm, every one,” insisted Xantippe.

“There's a boy pulling the swing away from

Susie, Come on, Nelly, Help me lick him.”

When one of the men who are supposed to
reserve peace andorder reached the scene he
iad considerable trouble disentangling the
bunch, and the boy was a trifle frayed about the
edges, but stil full of tight, andenraged over
betng “licked” by girls. Nelly mountedaswing,
with triumph blazing in her eves, and began to
“work up.” Girls of all sizes stood around
and watched her in admiration. A part of the
Hester street crowd gathered outside the fence
and stared at the swinging girl, Her frock
Was ragged and her shoes had holes in them,
and her mop of red hair hadn't hobnobbed with
acomb indays, butshe was adorably pretty, all
thesame, andfullof daring and audacity as
asprite, Upshe went, higher and higher, her
cheeks flaming, her eves sparkling, her lips
Jaughing and her lithe little figure swaying
like a reed. The stolid) faced Hebrew
fathers, outside the fence, relaxed their patri-
archal gravity and grinned unreservedly.
the children laughed outright, even the pudgy
row of babiesinthelittlechairswings gurgled
with delight. Irish Nelly was irresistible,

“Shell break ber neck some day, with
her anties,” said one of the men in
charge; but he, too, smiled when Nelly
shook back her fiving hair and laughed
down at him. Then she began to. sing
astreet song, learned from a hand organ or
a music-hall prima donna. It wasn't partieu-
larly elegant, burit had a rollicking go to it,
and she sang it as gayly and lightly as if she
were not spending her breath on keeping up
her fight

‘She's the lively one, is Nelly,” said an
ane@mic little maid who was sitting on the
bench beside the reporter and holding a baby a
trifle smaller thanherself, “Andthe good one
to the babies,” she added. “Did you ever
see crazy Moll?”

The reporter didn't know Crazy Moll.

"Well, she's silly, you Know, and one da
the boys over on Henry street, they knocke
over her apple basket and was goin’ to steal
the apples. Nelly she was comin’ along, all
dressed up, from first communion. Say, she
wasa peach, veiland a wreath of white flowers
and a white dress, and white slippers. O1
Necktie Mike, on Grand street, he gave her
them things cause she was such a corker in
ashow they had fer the lodge. Well, she was
a-walkin’ along, and everybody was arubberin’
at her, and all of asudden she sees what them
boys is doing to Crazy Moll. Say! First com-
munion wasn'tinit. She Just Jumped in with
her veil a-streamin’, and she scratched and bit
and kicked with them white slippers, and hit
she's an awful hitter. Bill Ryan that runs the
saloon on First avenue, he taught her to hit.
He's a prizefighter, you know, end he was
Nelly's sister's steddy for a wlfle, He said
Nelly could do Fitzsimmons toa tinishin two
rounds

“She did them boys toa finish, she did. They
runaway. but say, you'd onght to er seen them
firstcommunionclothes. There wasragsof' em
all over the block. Nelly she went home and
eried, She jes loves pretty clothes and she
ost never has any.”

The swing had stopped,

“Come on, Liz, it's vour turn.” yelled Nelly.
Ener she went over to the row of swinging
DIES,

“Now would ve look at those darlings, Some
is having the fun of their lives, and some is
scared to death and some can't make up their
minds whether it's a funeral or a weddin’ See
the solemn fat one. He looks like the priest of
our ehureb Would your Reverence eat a
cookie if I gave it to ye. What'r ve lettin’ that
baby bang over the bar like that fer, ve idgit;
couldn't ye see he was cuttin’ hisself in two?”

She cuffed a small boy over the ears_and
straightoned his baby sister in her swing, Then
she talked baby talk indiscriminately, and dis-
tributed cookie crumbs and laughed and danced
for sheer joy in living.

“They couldn't run the playground without
me," she said, with a wink at the reporter, who
had fallen a hopeless victim to ber charts

“If ve could see me doin’ stunts over there on
them gymnasium things. | can beat. them
boys at anything they want to try, but I'd see
thim further before I'd a0 over there, They
know I can do'em, and if they'll keep on their
side I'll keer on mine. I don't see why they
don't give us girls somethin’ besides swings,
though, Swings is good fun, but I do love
shinnin’ up poles and hangin’ from bars. Bein’
a girl aint so much fun as it might be if folks
dian't have such silly notions, but I'd rather be
agirl than be asornery as aboy, Maybe them
clean boys in sailor suits Wat ye sees up in Cen-
tral Park is all rightbut the boys we've got down
here is a bum lot. When | grow up I'm goin’ to
Ireland. Mammy says there's where theres
the lads as is worth lukin’ at. Come, girls,
let's go over to the pavilion,”

The last the reporter saw of her, her hands
were on her hips, her head was thrown back,
her red lips were whistling, and ner fect were
dancing the liveliest of Imsh jigs. Irish Nelly
may not think much of the East Side boys, but
the East side boys will go gown vefore her in
solid phalanxes, five years from now, unless
Aantippe bas her way and they are all dead
before that time,

Equal to the Sacrifice.

From the Chicago Tribune.
“Cyrus Barker, remove your arm!”
For in an apparently careless manner he had
placed it upon the back of her chair.
Stung by the tones of her voice no Jess than
by her words the young man flushed deeply.
“Is that the greeting you siy, me, Angeline
Asheraft—you who professed to be so sorry
when Lwent away tothe war- whoweptuponmy

neck and said you would never have a moment's
peace or happiness until I returned safely home
again- who gave me @ photograph which I
have carried next to my heartfrom that day to
this!” he exclaimed. “Do you remember how
yousaid you would betrueto me, though thou-
sands of iniles of ocean might roll between us?”

“O, yes, | remember all that,”

“Have you forgotten how you said at parting
‘O, Cyrus, it breaks my heart! I cannot give
you up!

’ “I think I did make some such remark.”

“I think you did. Have you forgotten how
you bade me think of you, in. camp or on the
battlefield, when the bullets of the enemy were
flying thick and fast around me, and fot the
thought that you were praying for me cheer
me in that dark hour?”

“I think I do recollect saying something of
the kind.”

“You think you do! Hal And when I waa
wounded you wrote to me to get well as soon
as T could and come hack toyou! Doyouhave
adiim recollection ofdoing something like that?”

“Now that you mention it I believe | did.”

“You have changed then,” he said scowling
darkly. “You are not the same girl!”

“You have changed more than I have, Mr.
Barker,” coldly she answered. “You are not

 

 

AN EAST SIDE GIRL

 

That's what they

Ain't

 

) the same man.”

“You atill insist,” he went on, with exceeding
bitterness, “that IT remove my arm”

ie

“So he it, then "

Calmly the young man arose, unscrewed hia
wooden arm, placed it at her feet and turned
to go.
ff oo Mises Ashcraft,” he said, “youare sat-

t Mise Angeline Ashcraft had fainted,

The Significance of the Appearance of st
Many of Them at Philadelphia.

Wasminaton, June 2.—The advocates of the !
election of United States Senators by popular
vote, without the intervention of State Legis- |
latures, cannot find much encouragement for
their views in the prominent part tobe taken
in the Philadelphia Convention by the Repub-
lican Senators. In no previous National Con-
vention of either political party have Senators
been so prominent and so influential. The
delegates-at-large from Indiana, long con-
sidered the closest State in the West, |
are Senators Fairbanks and Beveridge. |
The delegates-at-large from Minnesota are
Senatcrs Davis and Nelson. Senator Foraker |
heads the Republican delegation from Ohio.
Mr. Quay, appointed as Senator by the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, although not admitted
by the Senate, heads the delegation from that
State. Senator Wolcott leads the Republican |
delegation from Colorado, Senator McComas |
the delegation from Maryland, Senator Lodge
the delegation from Massachusetts, Senator
Carter that from Montana, Senator Thurston
that from Nebraska, Senator Sewell the New
Jersey delegation, Senator Pritchard the North
Carolina delegation and Senators Platt and
Depew the New York delegation. In nearly
every case these Senators were chosen by the
unanimous vote of the whole State convention.
In a majority of the cases the senior ranking
Senator has by formal vote, been chosen as
chairman of the delegation from his State.

The list of Senators active in convention
affairs this year further includes Elkine of
West Virginia, Piatt of Connecticut, Cullom of
Illinois, Allison of Iowa and Spooner of Wis-
consin. In nearly every instance where a Sen-
ator either heads the delegation or has been
prominent in shaping the course of the State
convention at which the delegates were chosen,
its memberships were fixed at primaries.

The unusual prominence of United States
Senatorain the Republican National Conven-
tion this yearis in very large measure due to
the slagularty friendly and felicitous political
relations which, since March 4, 1897, have ex-
isted between the President and the Senators
who are Republicans. Usually heretofore the
chief opposition to the renomination of a Re-
publican President has come from Senators of
his own party displeased with Administration
policies, or with the allotment of public
patronage, or with the behavior of Federal
officials. As recently asthe Minneapolis Con-
vention of 1892 the opposition to the renomina-
tion of tie Republican President came almost
exclusively from Republican Senators in some
of the States

This year the harmonious relations between
the Executive and the men whom the Constitu-
tion makes his lawful adv sers in many matters
are shown in the political activity of the Repub-
lican Senators in support of the course and
policy of the Administration, The political
equilibrium between the Executive and the
Senators has been retained with the nicety of
perfection during the three yeara of Mr.
McKivley's first term; and, though there is no
diacordant note in opposition to his renomina-
tion anywhare, his most active supporters are
found among va %#e whose tenure of office is in
no way dependen, upon the Presidential nomi-
nation or Executiv,, favor.

Under present political conditions, the Re
publican United States Senators represent con-
atituencies very much jlirger and very much
more important ia their rection to the voting
population of the whole country than the
figures of Republican membership in the upper
house of Congress would indicate. Nearly all
the large States, an! most notably Now York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio and Itinols, arerepre onted
by Republicans. All the States having a large
electoral vote, with the two exceptions of
Texas and Missouri, have Republican
Senators. It is a somewhat remarkable cir-
cumatance that the States which the Demo-

crats and Populists claim as doubtful this
year have in nearly every instance two
Republican Senators. In this group are

West Virginia, California, Maryland, Indiana,
Wyomirg and Oregon. The Republican Sena-
tors will have an active part in shaping the
policy of the Republican National Convention
and a large share in the conduct of the cam-
paign. The three men who managed the last
three Presidential campaigns will be partici-
pants {n the Philadelphia (onvention, two as
delegates and one asthe chairman of the Na-
tional Committee, who wil! cull the convention
to order, These are M. 8 Quay of Pennayl-
vania, chairman of the Republican National
Committee of 1888; T, H. Carter of Montana,
chairman of the Republican National Com-
mittee of 1892, and Mark A. Hannaof Obfo,
chairman of the present Republican Nationa
Committee.

The Senatorial representation at the Kansas
City, Democratic Convention of July will be
smaller and lees important than that on the
Republican side, but it will include four Demo-
eratic loaders consp.cuous in the polities of
their respective States, namely, Morgan of
Alabama, the chairman of the delecation {from
that State, Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, Tillman of
South Carolina and Martin of Virginia The
Populist Convention at 8 oux City on May 9
was controlled by the United States Senators,
and the clash between then cons.ituted the
only element of uncertainty and the only inei-
dent of real interest during the proceeding:
They were William Vineent Allen of Nebraska
and Marion C. Butler of North Carolina,

How the Sewing Machine Will Revolutionize
China,

“The sewing machine,” said the Western rep-
resentative ofa large manufacturer of those
useful implements of domestic progress, ‘will
in time work a revolution in China which as yet
all the missionary teachings of all the denomi-
nations have not started Irefer to the hor-
rible custom of that court‘y which confines the
feet of girl babies in ‘a dages that prevent
their growth and mk cripples of women.
You don't see whv, don't you? Well, let me

show you. The first sewing machines ever in- |
troduced into China were put there by Ameri-
cans, who taught the tailors of Shanghai and
Hong Kong to use them. From this source the
new idea spread to other tailors in other places,
and then by degrees, even slower than among
the men, the women began to use them. But |
the women were handicapped, or footicapped
I might better say, by their criprled feet, and
they found great difficulty in working the pedal |
machines, They saw, however, that the sewing |
machine was a good thini, and they asked fora |
machine that worked by hand In this country |
that kind of qasewing machine ix hardly more |
than a toy ut the (hina women could do |
better work with it than by the old means. and |

'

|

the hand machines are doing their work of
teaching. Now, I am predicting thatin afew
years the progressive China woman will dis-
cover whata wonderful thing the sewing ma-
chine is when properly worked, that is by foot
power, and she will kick as well as her little feet
will let her against accustom that nractically
makes her girl children iseless toherand to
their husbands and hommes later, and she wil! re-
fuse to bandage the baby feet The men will |
also see how much more valuabie their wives
will be with feet that can runasewing machine,
and the old custom will be knocked galley west
by the spirit of utilitarianism, The demand for |
sewing machines in China fs increasing all the
time, andinstead o the civilized manufacturers |
trying to invent machines to meet a beathen |
custom, they will trust to their machines as now |
constructed to destroy the custom.” |

IL ANTISEPTIC

the Tasmanian Blue Gum Tree,

UNLIKE ANY OTHER SOAP.

Hyomei Skin and Toilet Soap is made
from nature's own skin purifler and '
cleanser, and without the fats, grease or
dangerous alkali, which form the base of
every other soap manufactured

IT 1S A REVELATION TO SOAP USERS,

Sotbing ike it hasever been placed on che mar
ket; nothing can take its place as a tollet artiele or
skin purifier.

Sold by all druggists or sent by mail. Price: 25¢
Samole cake Se.

THE R. T. BOOTH CO., ithaca, N. Y.

 

  

| Webster's

  

DANIEL WEBSTER AT HOME,

STORIES RY ONE WHO KNEW HIN
WELL AT MARSHFIELD.

Kind Toward Those Whom He Employed—Bis
Love of Children-Od4 Advice That Was
the Making of a Young Lawyer—How He
Dedicated a Plough—A Webster Letter.

From the Lewiaton Evening Journal.
It was one. of the noblest traits of Daniel
character that he never treated
the men who worked for hin: as menials. For
Porter Wright he always entertained the highe
est regard, and Wright was a constant come
panion in his hunting and fishing excursions,
Probably no man living knows so much about
the inner life of Webster, of his habits, customs,

and disposition as Mr. Wright, and it was HA
we lips that | learned many of the facts I al
relate.

The old man was chopping wood when
reached his house, but on learning my err
replied in cheery tones:

“Come in, come in, Ah, yes, Mr. Webs:
was a grand man, and we shall never h
like again. He left a gap in Marshfield th
can never be filled.”

It didn't seem to occurato his honest soul
that the death of Webster left a gap in the
entire nation that could never be fihied, ‘o
his simple mind the public life of Webster
Was a matter of secondary importance to Web=
ster as a farmer, a fisherman and a boon come
panion. From him I learned more of We
ster’s home life and of his character as a man
than from all the histories and biographi
that haveever been written. He assur: that
4@ man of more simple habits never lived or
style he cared absolutely nothing. In_ hi
dress about home he could not be disting
rom any of his farmer or fishermen neighbor

ely did he wear a collar. An old slouc
at covered his head, and his trousers were
always tucked inside of his boots.

It was only when he removed his hat, showe
ing the massive proportions of his brain, that

   

 

you realized that you were standing in the
presence of a mighty pretus. When
waldsen, the great Danish sculptor, saw his
bust in the studio of Powers, at Rome exe
claimed: “Ah! a new design of a Jupiter,
1 see.” He could hardly be persuaded thas
it was the actual head of a living American.

Every man, woman, and child in the neighe
borhood had a full run of Webster's house,
from cellar to garret. Whenever a man came
in, the first thing he did was to open the si
board, take down the old decanter, and po
out a glass of brandy. If the visitor dra:
he was doubly welcome; if he refused, it ime
mediately lowered him in Webster's estimation.

Of children he was particularly fond. Strange
children would nestle in his arms as readily ag
those who were familiar with his features. Mr,
Wright continued:

“No human being could induce him to say
word about politics here, It was a tal
subject. If Say one mentioned politics, his
brow darkened in an instant.”

Farming, fishing, horses, cattle, pigs, and
hens these were his favorite themes, He
knew every one of his cattle by name as well
he knew the names of his brother Senators,
his garden he was very proud, and here he
would spend a portion of each day pulling
weeds and hoeing vegetables,

A young lawyer of the village once came an
asked him what he had better study to buil
himself up in his profession.

“Turnip seeds,” was the laconic reply,

The disciple of Blackstone followed his ade
vice. He studied up everything that bore upon
the subject of turnips, until he Became a master
of the principles of that vegetable, A year or
two afterward a neighboring farmer origins
ated a new turnip, from the sale of whose
he expected to make a_ fortune, Another
neighbor began to raise and sell the same seed,
and a lawsuit resulted. The originator of pe
seed came to retain Webster to prosecute t
case, Webster replied

“I am not as well booked up on turnips as I
ought to be, but there is a young fellow over @
the village who knows al! about them, Go a
get him. He will oe yout case,”

The farmer posted off and engaged the other
man, When the trial came off the lawyer aston.
ished Judge, jury and audience by his profound,
learning onthe subject of turnips. The case
was triumphantly won, and the young lawyer
started on the road to fame & fortune,

Webster's sense of humor was infinite, On
one occasion a man presented a bill to him for
payment.

“Why,” said Webster, “I have paid that bill
before.”

The neighbor assured him that he was mise
taken,

“Allright, then; call again in the morning, and
* will settle with you.’

4ssoon asthe man wasgone Webster called
his @un, Fletcher, and told him to look over hi

stand see if he could net find a receip
Bil Te the surprise of both. two receit
bills were found, showing that the bill
heen paid twice, Webster put the receipts in
his pocket and aid nothing.

In the morning the neighbor returned fer the
money. Webster ‘ook his seat under the old
elm, and ordered Wright to bring out the
canter, Filling the @'ass to the brim, he handed
it to the man and tol him to arink, Webster
then began :

“Mr. Blank, do you ké@p books?"

The man assured himYhat he did not.

“Then I would adviser;ou to do so,” sald
Wehater, and pulling one onthe receipta from
his ket handed it to him.

The man was covered with \onfusion, while
Wenster continued

“And while vou are about it ry@&. had petter
get a bookkeeper who underst a douple
entry!” at the same time handing hif® another
receipt.

“Now,” said Wenster, “I am going y
this pill just once more, but I assure you D
my word of honor that I will not pay it
foun wei t ti that Webster ene

no one great pastime tha e
oyed in Marshfield was fishing. For hours

e would wander up and down the streams
and across the meadows. As a rule, howe
ever, he enjoyed “fisherman's luck.” It was
rarely that he caught a fish, unless by its own
carelesaness it became entangled on the hook
and couldn't escape. The fish would nibble
all the bait from the hook without his ever
pulling the line from the water.

When a little way ahead or behind he w
always muttering to himself, and many. o
his grandest speeches were compo! wh
on these excursions. On his revurn he wou
always throw himself under the old elm tree
in the dooryard and enjoy a short nap while
resting from his fatigue 3

On my rising to leave the house Mr. Wright
placed his hands upon my shoulders and said?
“Would you like a story that has never before
appeared in print?”

assured him that nothing would please me
better.

“Well, I have told you that Mr. Wepster

would never speak on politics when here, but
he would talk to the assembled neighbors
and guests on matters pertaining to farme
ing. On one occasion some Boston friends
presented him with an enormous plough to
use on his farm. Webster gave out word
that on a certain day it would be christened.
The day arrived, and the surrounding farmers
for miles came to witness the event. A dozen
teams with aristocratic occupants came down
from Boston, It was expected py every. one
that Weoster would make a great speech on
he oceasion, reviewing the history of farme
ng back to the time when Cincinnatus abe
dicated the most mighty throne in the world
to cultivate cabhages in his Roman garden,

“The plough was brought out, and ten yoke
of splendid oxen were hitched in front, ore
than two hundred people stood around on
the tiptoe of expectation. Webster soon made
his appearance. He had. been calling spirits
from the vasty deep, and his gait was somes
what uncertain. Seizing the plough handles
and spreading his feet he yelled to me in his
deep bass voice

"Are you ready, Wright?’

“*All ready, Mr. Webster,’ was the reply,
meaning of course for the speech

“Wenster straightened himself up by a mighty
effort and shouted

“*Then let her rip!’

“The whole erowd dropped to the ground and
roared with lnughter, while Webster, with his
big plough. proceeded to rip up the soil, This
same plough can now be seen on top of the
Faneuil Hall market in Bosten, and is a cone
spicuous object for miles around.”

‘Would vou like to have a little souvenir of
your visit to Webster's home?” asked Mr,
Wright, as the writer was about to leave. “Hera,
come with me. and T will give you something.
Look in this old trunk and see this pile of letters
that he used to write me from Washington. I
treasure them very highly, but you shall have
one. Take your pick.”

Here wus a find, indeed T rumrmaged the
letters over, and finally selected one that I cone
sidered most characteristic of the man, It was
about farming and cattle. it also puts a new
light on his character as a debtor. It is well
known that he was a poor reese. and the
great ruble beleves that he didn’t want to
his debts. that he had no desire to do so. Fhis
letter, written from the Senate chamber, shows
conclusively that he was willing to sell anythi
to pay debts. For this reason it is a letter o'
great historical value. It corrects public mise
conception of his character

Hlere it is
“WASHINGTON, Feb. 2, ‘58.

“PorTeER WHIGHT: Mr. Weston will hand you
£100, and I will try to send you some more soon,

“T have noobjection toparting with the Ames
steers, cr the Hazeltine, or both, for money to
pay debts, ata fair price’ bu Ido pot care about
exchanging with Mr. Delano. The offer you
have made (815) is enough —[ would not give
any more. Mr Ames may take the Brown oxen

indeed, T would sell almost anything to pay
debts. But everything seems low

“Tf vondo not trade with Mr. Delano, we will fate
ten the mountaineers, and look up something else
for beef, next month, when Leome home. If we
keep the white-faced oxen, the black and red
steors, the large Durham steers, and the jume~
ers, we shall do pretty well for teemsa, though
another pair for Fletcher's barn might be uses
ful. The Locke oxen, perhaps, might go there,

“TL have written Mr. Stevens of the Revere
House about the potatoes He will write for
what wants. I will take Mr. Sampson's,
How 14 it about ice?
“Ple@se write me oncea week e
Yra., DantsL WEBsTER

   
  
  

 

Lata