ey
ey
‘
7
i
a
2
i
at
N
¢
Bt
-
ga
i.
i‘. .
‘| ‘
=,
:
‘et
t 4
wei
A 7
an
|
*
¥
f
f
i
7
os
i
i
i.
4

 

 

 

THEIR FAT BENEFACTOR.

GOME PLAYERS IN HARD LUCK COME
ACROSS MR, PINCKNEY.

It Was in Alabama, Where Audiences Are
Small and the Hearts of Hotel Keepers
Are Hard- Fine Exhibition of Philanthropy
on a Rainy Night—Mr. Pinckney's Sarprt

“If it hadn't been for this itinerant philan-
thropist that I started to tell you about I guess
we'd all be down in Brewton, Escambia county,
Ala.. yet,” said the slightly bald mon with the
purplish. close-shaven face, who went out
with a Chicago-organived reper‘oire company
last winter. “We got into Brewton from Mont-
gomery. If they'd only eaged us or some-
thing in Montgomery it wouldn't have been so
bad, for egg throwers have got to pay to get in
with their eggs, and we'd have been that much
to the good, anyhow. But they wouldn't come
at all in Montgomery: there were thirty-two in
the house at both performances and the man in
front gave ‘em back their money and told ‘em
to go and play the catton market with it. The
manager tried to Svengali the hote! man, but he
couldn't get away with it. The bill for the
twelve of us was $18 and we had fully $47 worth
of luggage installed in the hotel, The hotel
man declined to be hypnotized, and so the man-
ager did a wire-dig on the Chicago angel for
$60. Along with the $50 came the angel's mes-
gage: ‘That's the last. Know when I've had
enough,’

“The Montgomery hotel man was settled
with and our tickets bought for Brewton out of
the $50. Then the $50 looked like a naught
with the rim torn off—there was about $2.55
left of the half-century. The man ahead had
wired that there was Ilabloe to be a good house
in Brewton, which encouraged us some. We
needed encouragement, for none of the com-
pany had seen the color of a shinplaster for
over a month. We were taking in our own
washing, and glad we had our gear left to wash,
at that.

“We got into Brewton on a rainy night in
January. It was after midnight, and even if
there'd been calashes at the station they wouldn't
have been for us. So we tramped about a
quarter of a mile through the muck and the
dark and the rain to the weather-boarded hotel
where the man ahead had arranged for us to
putup. We were all feeling and looking seedy.

“When we finally stumbled into the hotel
shack we found the advance man engaged in
eloquent converse with the hotel man, The
hotel man looked natural. He was a twin
brother of the hotel man in Montgomery, upon
whom our manager had wasted his eloquence,
ard the Montgomery twin had wired his Brew-
ton brother to look out for a bunch of hams
headed his way and to make them do the pre-
liminary dig. The advance man was trying to
convince the proprietor of the Brewton plant
that the Montgomery twin's telegram was the re-
sult of temporary mental) aberration orsomething
when we fell in, cold, wet, weary, thirsty and
hungry. The hotel man stood with his back
to the red-hot baseburner with his hands in his
pockets and was grinning amusedly and shak-

sing his head. ‘No, suh, no sich convuhsation
was uh-goin’ with him, suh; he had done heearn
from his brothuh up in Montgomuhy that we
all was in financial ‘stress, suh, and while he
was ve'y sol'y, he wasn't uh-runnin’ no hotel
fo’ his health, suh, an’ the bode an’ keep fo’
one day, ‘mountin’ tuh $18 fo’ the twelve of us,
would have tuh be paid in advance or he couldn't
se> his way tuh 'commodate us, suh, an’ that
was all there was about it,’ &e.

“Well, it looked like a bad job. The ad-
vance man passed it up to the manager as

m as he saw us coming in, but the manager

uldn't make it stick any better than the
advance man. The manager tried expostu-
lation, entreaty, imploration, haughtiness,
wrath, and all the rest of the up-stage stunts
but the hotel man only snapped the elastics
on his shirt sleeves and poked at the fire and

rinned, and said, ‘No suh,’ which is the’ Brew-

n, Ala., equivalent of nothing doing. Mean-
while we stood on one leg and then on the
other, our clothes steaming from the heat of
the office, and wondered why epOlera infantum
hadn't raged in our native Willages when we
were nine months or so old/ The five women
were in great distress. Twey were a nice lot
of women, and dead game mat we'd been getting
more knocks than werd actually coming to
us, and its no wonder tat they looked about
needy topassitall upand go into the discard,

“Finally the managér made a ‘take Zour
gold,’ grand-stand play. He pulled off a four-
carat pastering (hat he carried around to make
the flash, and he extended it to the hotel man
with great grandeur of manner,

“*Here, sala he, ‘just take this stone-its
worth $400, easy and lock it up in your safe
as security formy people, and I'll redeem it
after the show to-morrow night. I take it
darned hard of you, though, that you should
beg eartiess as to insist on sucha thing.’

“The fat-faced hotel man reached his hand
out for the ring, gave one look at it, and passed
it back.

“Ah tuhk uh piece o' beer bottle like that
once befo' f'um uh actuh like yo’ all, an’ Ah
don't intend tuh be fooled no second time,
6uh,' he said with asperity, as he handed back
the bum rock. ‘Whut's mo’, suh, Ah’m uh-
goin tuh baid, an’ Ah want tuh close up this

0

a e.

“Then it did look like the real thing. But
the manager went at him once more. and while
@ was chewing the philanthropist strolled
n with a fine alligator-skin grip in one arm
nd a large fat expensive cigar in the other.

e'd come in on the Southern train, The
philanthropist was a huge, bald-headed man,
With pink cheeks and a pair of big blue eves,
fat flowing side whiskers. He wore a silk

 

 

t and an expensive mackintosh, and when
e threw the mackintosh open we could see
that his duds underneath were the right kind,
and that his left hand was bedecked with all
inds of blue-white rocks. The hotel man
ad his back to the door and didn’t see the
philanthropist when he came in. The big
man, struck by the dejected attitude of our
group, and probably catching some of the
ager’s hot-air phrases, directed at the boni-
, Stood in the doorway with his fat cigar
n his teeth and his grip in his hand, taking
the game in. The manager's airy persiflage
was growing more spellbinderish all the time
“'Here,’ he said to the hotel man, ‘are five
Cultivated gentlewomen, all of them tenderly
reared. all of them used to all of the comforts,
nay, all of the luxuries, that the world provides,
and you are cruel enough, you are heartless
enough, you are inhuman enough, to tell me
that, because we have had a bit of ill luek lately
-from which we are to emerge triumphant
to-morrow -youare tocondemn them to wander
through these dreary streets all night in the
rain, and—~' ;
“*Here,’ said the big man with the flowing
side whiskers, suddenly rushing un to the
manager and the hotel man, ‘Wait a min-
te! What the devil's the matter here! Have
heard correctly? Am I to understand that
fin sir,’ fixing the hotel man severely with

© large blue eyes, ‘are ungallant enough

refuse accomodation tothis party of strollers
—as T indge them to be because they have

ot the few paltry ducats where with to pay you
in advance? Is this the case, sirrah? Answer
me!

“The hotel man visibly impressed by the
eplendor of the huge man’s external make-up
mumbled some kind of reply.

“Damnation. sir, this is outrageous,’ broke
out the man with the siders, hissing the cuss-
word so's the women couldn't hear it. ‘Wait

aminute. Is there another hotel in this miser-
able apology for a town?’
“The hotel man replied, somewhat sheep-

hiy, that the other hotel in the place besides
is own was closed for renairs

“Huh. Too bad, that,’ said the huge man
Too devilish bad. T promise vou, sir,’ again
addressing the hotel man with marked dis-
anproval -‘that if there were so much as a
ave where T could secure shelter for these
Istressed people and for myself, vou would
Not benefit by their patronage or mine. Will
you be good enongh, sir’ addressing the
manager with a courtly bow ‘to exnlain in

ecise terms the nature of vour difleuity?’

“Well, that was easy enough for the mana-
@er He simply said that, with a house virtu-
ey, sold out for the next day's performance,

had vet arrived in Brewton with his peonle

inus the price of advance payment of the
otel bill, whieh would amount to $18"

“The huge man couldn't repress a smile

“Righteen dollars?’ said he, wonderingly
*Is it possible that I hear aright? Kighteen
lollars?§ All of this misery and wretchedness
and distress to be oeeasioned by the lack of
» idiotic eighteen dollars? Sir, nardon me
or laughing. Really, it is laughable,’ and he
threw back his head and let out such a series
of deep, rollicking Inughs that we all had to
oom? in and erin a bit, bad as we all felt

“Ha! the vaunted hospitality of the South-
and,’ said the huge man, when he had got
through laughing. ‘The lateh strings that
are always out. The weleome given to way
farers, The -fangh.’

“The man with the siders looked very much
dis@usted, indeed» He pinned the hotel man
with his eve

“T desire you to make ready, and at once
the very best rooms in vour house for the re-
ception of these ladies and gentlemen, who
are struggling to implant a knowlede> of the
dramatic art in this benighted region,’ said
he sternly. ‘Furthermore, [ desire that their
demands for food of drink, in hours or out of

urs, shall be considered mv orders, and that

be attended to with the same ¢elerity

if T had actually given the orders, f
may be no fear in your.4um wa. Ce
you will not be paid, be “4

pt

  

—

 

subtract $50 from this, and render me the

change.’

“The man with the siders had reached into his
frock coat pocket and produced a large, fine
He reached into one of the com-
partments, ran his finger over a number of
1¢ jerked out between
his thumb and forefinger had $500 stamped
It was not a new bill, but looked like

black wallet.
pills, and the one that

on it,
it had had quite some handling,

The hotel man's face when he gingerly took
He looked the
huge man over as if he were some weird sort
He was almost

hold of that bill was funny.

of a two-rleeged pachy derm
speechless, but he contrived to articulate
“Smallest vo' all's wot, sub?’

“The smallest,’ replied the man

   

with
and fives and running over them,

went over to the old-fashioned
the office desk, fumbled with the combination

awhile and pulledoutadirty canvas bag stuffed

with notes of all denominations up to fifty.
Meanwhile the huge man addressed the smiling
manager,

“Will vou do you me the honor to present

me to the ladies and gentlemen of your organi-

vation?’ he said, with a sweep of the arm to~
ward us, and a minute or so later we found
ourselves shaking hands with ‘John 8. Pinekney
of Philadelphia, wandering around this wretched
region sceking investments ce riainly not in
search of comfort or hospitality,’ as Mr. P nek-
hey put the matter, shaking us all cordially
by the hand and placing his silk hat against
his bosom when he came to the ladies. He
simply waved the manager off the earth when
the latte tried to tell him that his venerosity
would never be forgotten, and that the
financial end of it would be liquidated on the
morrow,

“Desist, I beg of you,’ said the huge man,
deprecatingly. "The pleasure is mine, T assure
you. Of what possible use were the possession
of a competency if portions of the same be not
applied on occasions such as this to relieve the
temporary embarrassments of fellow-beings?

"Delivering himself of which noble sentiment,
the philanthropist demanded to know of the
hotel man, who approached him laboriously to
count out his change, if there were any cham-

pagne in the house. The hotel man proudly

produced the four bottles that he'd had on
exhibition in the bar ever since he'd opened
the place, as he guileles:ly confessed, andin the
upstairs parlor the bunch of us did things to
that quartette of quarts that made us feel as
if the whole blooming earth wasn't a quagmire
anyhow. The philanthropist slipped the man-
aera $50 in the presence of the hotel man, say-
ing
‘Lam to take the early morning train, and

will therefore nct) be on hond. to my rearet. ip
case yourexpectations of success are net realized
to-morrow night. This bagatelle may come in
conveniently, Tut, tut, tut. my dear sir
however, if you find yourself in opulence at the
termination of your tour, you may forward me
the amount to the Union League Club, in Phila-
delphia. But do not worry yourself as to that,
my dear man.’ :

“Then the philanthropist made his adieus,
looked really shamefaced when he was thanked
by all hands for his timely open-hancedness,
and was shown to his room by the obsequious
hotel man

“He was gone the next morning. We had a

tip-top house that night. and at midnight we set |

sail for New Orleans all to the good, and busi-
ness in sight in the town by Lake Ponchartrain

“Well, I've been watching the papers pretty
closely ever since. but T haven't noticed that
they've got the philanthropic Pinekney yet, al-
though the Secret Service people were put wise
to him the day alter we left Brewton, The
hotel man had sent up his surplusage to bis
Montgomery bank, and Philanthropist Pinck-
ney's $500 note made the cashier laugh real loud
and long. We read about it all in the Net
Orleans papers. Alter we'd aot all throvdeh
reading Pinekney’s list of aliases, and tabulated
statements of the different kinds of papers he'd
engraved in his time, and a lot of general inform-
aton about his masterly ability both as a
maker and a shover of the queer the manager
expressed our thoughts about) right

''T'm a law-abiding citizen and as much on
the level as | can be in my business,’ said he,
‘but I'm danged if I don't hope they never do
get Pinckney!’ "

LYNCHINGS BECOMING FEWER.

Prompter Administration of Justice Canusinga
Change--Negro Whippings Coming In,

BIRMINGHAM, Ala., June 2.-The negroes in
the South are reminded constantly that they
are not equal to the white men, and while there
are not so many lynchings as there were two
years ago, the negroes stillhave reminders that
they must be kept down, Southern Governors
during the last few years have taken strenuous
means to keep down lynching, and they have
succeeded to some extent,

Gov. Johnston of Alabama is very much op-
posed to lynching. It was in Morgan county
that Gov. Johnston prevented the lynching
of two negro men and a woman who were
charged with a most brutal crime, a little white
girl being the alleged victim. The Governor
sent troops to the county and had the prisoners
removed to another county.
accepted a long sentence in the penitentiary
The two men have secured a new trial. Again
the Governor saved the neck of a negro from a
lynching party by ordering the Sheriff of the
county to remove the negro to another county,
then ordering a special term of the Circuit Court,
which gave the negroatrial. He was convicted
and was afterward hanged legally and a blot
kept off the record of the State. This took
place in Bibb county. There were other inci-
dents to show that Gov. Johnston was opposed
to lyneh law, and his efforts saved more necks
of negroes from the hands of mobs than those
enumerated.

The cause of mob law is the slow action of
justice. A double legal hanging took place in
Eutaw, Greene county, Ala., this month. Two
negroes, Beauty Ingram and F. Harris, were
hanged for the murder of a white man named
Tom Buntain, an aged clerk in a country store.

The trial, conviction and hanging of the

negroes all occurred within forty days.
Lynehings are growing out of fashion

throughout the South rapidly. Mob law 18

the last thing thought of now when it is an-

nounced that the Sheriffs have the prisoners
safely in their hands. In the mountainous
regions of Alabama now the negroes are be-
ginning to become more pacified and in the
cotton growing districts the negroes are be-
ginning to go to the towns and hunt work

Whipping parties are heard of often through-
out the South, Negroes who makeincendiary
speeches are visited during the night and
whipped. In Columbus, Miss., a few nights
ago a difficulty arose between a negro and
a white man and the latter shotthe negro dead.
There was an arrest, of course, but the white
man was released after the investigation,
There was inthe town anegro namedsSam Ball,
who worked in a dry goods store as porter
and who seemed to have a gift of talk that
was considered dangerous. Ball passed com-
ment on the killing of the negro, which was
very offensive to the white peonle. Ball lived
with his family. in a hut near the outskirts of
the city and after his talk a party of white
men, some with masks on their faces, and armed,
went to his house, called him ont and admin-
istered to him a sound thrashing. He was
informed that it would be better for him to
keep his tongue quiet in the future. It was
Ku Klux over again

Investigation never revealed the parties
to this act. The negro has since made little
efforts to establish the identity of his assailants
for fearhe might be killed or whinped again.

There are not so many man-hunting hounds
kept in the South as formerly. It was the
custom a few vears ago fer all Sheriffs
to keep a pack of hounds capable of tracking
men. Nowadays very few Sheriffs handle
dogs and outside of the packs kept at the pen-
itentiaries where the convicts are worked
on farms or in mines from which they orca-
sionally get away, few packs of man-hunting
dogs can he found

There are still many negroes being killed
thronghout the South in difleulties with white
people, but in every instance almost there is
a indicial investigation, The fact that judicial
investigations are becoming prompt is one
reason why Ivenchings throughout the South
are becoming rare. ‘ape of the worst crimes
have been chronicled * ently, but no efforts
to Ivneh have heen noticed, the information
always being given out that a special term
of the court would be held to give the accused
men under arrest a speedy trial. The soln-
tion of the problem seems to lie in an early
trial and the higher officials of the South are
using every effort to prevent the blot. Negro
hangings occur in private, the
State requiring this work to be done in jail
vards, though whenever a hanging ocenrs
in a county where there is a large city
crowd of people for mi'es and miles around
gather in the hope
take the drop

Virginia Woodhanler Tarns Critic,

In one of the streets of Washington there is a
post surmounted by a clock
this sign:

DON'T HITCH HORSES TO THIS CLOCK

 

into the town with a load of wood

store and asked

your cloek ?"
“Because they might run away with it.”
“That's what I ‘lowed
pooh clock that wont run, ain't it?”

the word ‘post’ over “clock.” The
back and sulked in his shop all day. 7

———

      

the
siders, briefly, sticking his fingers into his vest
pocket and pulling out a wad of ones and twos
‘Here is
but a matter of $30, and I desire the bill broken.’

“The hotel man, walking like aman ina daze,
safe behind

The negro woman |

laws of the

a hie

cf seeing the unfortunate

On the post was

The other day a typical Virginia farmer drove
He stopped
his team in the street in front of the clock post,
read the sign, got off his wagon, went into the

“Whuffo don't you want no hosses hiteht to

Burt it's a mighty

After the yahoo had gone the jeweller took a
stepladder, climbed un to the sign and pasted
went

 

HUNT FOR A CONDOR’S EGG.

A VARIETY WORTH $1,000 OR MORE
EACH TO COLLECTORS.

 

Mission of an Englishman tn Caltfornia Who Is
Getting Rare Birds’ Eggs for a Rothschild
Valuable Eggs and Eggs of Common
Birds That Man Has Never Seen—
Pleasure and Profits of Eggs Collecting,

Los ANornes, Cal, May 21.-Herbert M.
Beesley of Bournemouth, England, who has been
engaged for two years in collecting birds’ eges
for one of the younger Rothschilds in London,
came up the coast from Mazatlan, Mexico, the
other day. During the next few months he will
be engaged in gathering eces of a few species
of raptoree, or birds of prey, that are found no-
where else than on the edges of deserts in Art
zona and northern Mexico.
an extraordinary effort toward securing the egg
of the California condor among the Sierras.
There is no egg, since the extinction of the
great auk. more highly prized by oologists than
that of the California condor.

“Lam not at all sanguine of success in that
line,” said he, “but 1 have been informed of a
locality among the highest Sierras where hard
and thorough exploration may possibly yield a
California condor's egg if one isto be picked up
nowadays. [believe the last egg of this variety
was found in 1887, and was sold to the Ames
collection of Boston for something like $800.
So the chance is worth taking, There are sev~
eral odlogists of my personal acquaintance who
would not hesitate to pay $1,000 or $1,200 for an
ege of a California or Sierra condor. I have
known of even more than $1,500 having been paid
for such an egg. The egg of the great auk is
beyond market value nowadays. There are
only about forty-five in the world, and the bird
has long been extinct. In 1891 a French odlo-
gist sold a great ank ege for $3,000.

“Why are the eggs of the California condor
so Valuable? Beenuse the birds are almost ex-
tinet now, and will be wholly extinct in less than
ten years, and also because there is no other
bird that nests so far out of human reach. A
great many people confound the common buz-
zard or turkey vulture of the Sierras with the
monster condor. Though both belong to the
same family, there is a wide difference between
them. They are both vultures, but are best
known by the common naines now in general
use, The turkev buzzards are as plentiful 9<
sea gullsalone the sea wall,and buzzard eg ss
nre too common toexcite comment, except when
they area little off color, There is as much cif-
ference between the eca@s of these birds of the
same species as there is between . chicken’. eae
and arobin's. The condor egg ts alnost twice
as bie as the buzzard’s and tote'ly unlike in ap-
pearance. It is four and one-quarter inches
lone and two and one-half inches in thickness,
and will hold nine flnid ounces of water. Tn color
itisofanale greenish blue and resembles no
other egg in respect to size and color excert
that of the Furopean swan. The buzzard's eee

is not much bieger than a chicken's. It is of a

| deep creamy tint, blotched and smeared with
red, brown, chocolate, and not infrequently
lavender spots

“The condor lays one or a pair of ewes during

a season, while the buzzard lays half a dozen

or more. The buzzard is common to the whole

United States, while the North American con-

der is peculiar to California It is totally

different from the great Andes condor, being
nearly twice as big It is, in fact, the largest
bird in the world. The turkey buzzard
puny in comparison The California condor
spread of wing varies from eight to twelve
} feet. Ita length is nearly five feet, and its
| weieht from twenty to twenty-five pounds
; It is a repulsive, uncanny bird with its bald
| head and bare neck of shrivelled red skin and
| its enormous wrinkled, serpent-like comb
| extending from its head below the flerce beak
Tn flight it soars higher than any other feath-
ered creature and sails through the air with
infinite ease and erace. In contrast the buyz-
vard is heavy and clumsy. A distinguishing
feature of the two birds in flight is the large
white blotch under the wings of the condor, which
is missing in the buzzard. Any place is good

enough for the condor’s nursery, that is, if it

is far enough from man to be safe. The bird
} is usually so cunning in the selection of lo-
' ealities that even {f one could discover its egus
he never could reach it. So far as known
there are only nine condor eggs in the collec-
; tions of the various ecientifle institutions of
America. The last two were recently secured
by the National Museum of Washington. By
various professors at the Eastern institutions
the eggs were recently valued at $1,400 apiece

"Sneaking about rare birds' ewes on the
Pacific Coast reminds me that the egg of the
golden eagle is fast growing more valuable
nowadays. There has been an unusnal decima-
tion of golden eagles among the Sierras and
everywhere else during the last few years
A dozen years ago exes of the golden eagle
could be bought in London and New York
for about $& apiece. ‘Two \ears ago several
golden eagle eges sold at auction for $22 each,
and I don't know where they could be bought
now for $30 apiece. The golden eagle has he-
come extinet in England and sonth of Seot-
land. A century ago the birds had their ey ries
by the hundreds on the precipices of Cumber-
land and Westmoreland = There are still some
golden eagles among the hich eraes of the
Horn Head, the mountain of Roscheen, in
Ireland. The rocks and crags of the hills of
the little islands in the ocean off the coast of
California were said tahave been the evries of
a thousand of golden eneles half a century ago,
but searcely one of the birds now remains
there to deck the landscape

“The hunter of golden eagle eggs earns every
penny there is in the seemingly large price
they command. In the first place, even the
man who goes after golden eagle eggs may
not be able to locate a nest of eges for months
or even years. In the second place, the ey rie
of the golden eagle is placed on the face of
some stupendous cliff or towering crag The
nest is made on a projecting shelf or on some
gnarled stumped tree that grows from a cleft

 

in rock. Almost invariably the nest is in a
situation perfectly inaccessible without ex-
traordinary artificial means and hazard of
human. life. have seen some golden eagle

nests that were built ont of rifle range from
any vantage point. The eggs are generally
laid in twos, and are white, with pale brown
or purplish blotches and the size of a common
goose egg. Odlogists believe that the golden
eagle will be extinet in North America by the
end of another generation. [T know several
odlogists who are safely keeping each a dozen
or so golden eagle egies which thes expect to
sell fora tidy fortune some day

“The osprey or fish hawk (Faleo halimtnua)
is one of the most interesting birds oologists
study, Its nest is the greatest and coarsest
of any that comes within the range of our sei-
ence. The osvrey is found in Europe and Amer-
iea, especially along the coast of British Co-
lumbia, The birds are about thirty inches
long and have wings of an extension of four
and a half feet. The osprey is a water fowl
and livesonfish, It builds anest often three feet
and some times four feet in diameter, in some
great and spreading tree close beside a body
of water, generally an inlet or a marshy bay
from the sea. The nest is composed of sticks
of wood branches of small trees, reeds. sea moss
and foliage. A more slovenly builder is scarcely
known in bird architecture. The ospree some-
times uses the same nest for several seasons,
going south in winter and returning in sume
mer. Five ees are almost always laid at one
time. The male bird assists in incubation,
He supplies the female with foad, and often takes

a turn at sitting on the eges while Mme, Os-
prey goes in search of her own meal
“The ewes of the swallow-tail kite (Falco

furcofwva) are among the most valuable, and
American oologistshaveamonopoly in gather-
ing swallow-tail kite ewes, as they have in eggs
of many other varieties of interesting birds
The kite family seems to be peculiar to North
America, T bought two eges of the swallow-
tail kite last year for $90, and I consider it a bar-
gain. The swallow-tail kite was once observed
in Pennsylvania by Audubon, but these hawks
are never seen nowadays north of Virginia
and seldom north of Georgia. They are quite
common on the const of Mexieo and Lower
California. They are among the most. soli-
tary of birds. | seareely know of any bird, ex-
cept the eagles and condors, so solitary and so
nnusually suspicious of man's approach, Au-
dubon spent weeks in atudving through a fleld
glass a pair of swallow-tail kites in a forest of
Kentucky, They are wonderful flyers, They
feed on the wing and they chase insects in the
air for hours without alighting, A pairof hawks
must fly fifty or more miles sometimes without
rest, Then, with a ston of a few minutes in
the top of some very tall tree or away off on a
lonely hilltop, they will sail away for another
| fifty or sixty mile fly. With the exception of
the frigate bird, nothing in feathers lives so
much on the wing as the swallow-tail kite hawks
‘Their nest is always among the foliage of a tall
tree remote from any human habitation or
haunts of other birds. They go to bed late in
the evening and are among the earliest to take
to wing when dawn comes. The swallow-tail
kite’s ewes are generally four in number, of a
greenish white color,with a few irregular spots
of dark brown at the larger end. I have met
dome experienced American oologiats who tell
me that they have never had a sight of a swal-
low-tail kite, although they have been in regions
where these birds are not uncommon.
“While it is not diMfleuit to get many varieties
of birds, it is almost impossible to get the eggs

 

 

Then he wil make |

——-_——

f some of these same birds. Indeed, the ems»

resent day have
some common birds of the prey chat they

 

 

o
1 been found, and it is
| never n found, : E
‘ever will be had. There is the robin anipg:

its ewes have never been seen, dqsoes »
 Maxfeld, the famous odlogist at Birming Wr

England, kept a man going up and down the

coast of Labrador for weeks one fall a few years

ago purposely to get a robin. snipe’s one:

But it was all in vain, ‘The bird is known s
, thousands of people, but breeds far north an

so'remote from any civilization that no Lay 4
| tile observer can ever get to its nest ere pne
| young arehatehed and have taken to wink, ‘Ine

rigate bird, that is so commonty seen at —

on the Pacific and off the West Indies, is suc
! a solitary bird and jis so seldom in its nest dur-

ing hours of daylight that its ewes are rare.
| Many fine collections of eggs. even some in the

Western States, lack a frigate bird's eae. It
‘ seems strane, but the exes of so well-known
la bird as the sandpines, seen in nearly every
| State in the Union and in all parts of Rngtan
‘ and Scotland, are unknown, Noone knows how
! much money a fortunate finder of sandpiper's
| eges would get for selling his find, because the
{ things are without price. A. few Englishmen
have pretended to find nests of sandpipers,
| but they never get any eges to prove their

discovery, Odlogists believe that sandpipers

occupy any old deserted nest, and there-
! fore cannot be traced. ‘The exas of two or three
varieties of owls are very valuable, because
these birds are too crafty to nest and lay ees
| where man is going to come prowling around,

The exes of the nigmy owl, so common in the
| Southwest, expecially in Texas, are worth $60
each any day ina city where there are up-to-date

odlogists. _Tknow aman who sold seven pigmy

owl egus at one time in New Orleans for $380.
| There are three varieties of humming birds in
| California and Mevico whose eggs are unknown.
The guillemot that flocks in countless numbers
in the North Seas is so secretive about its nest~
ing places that there are less than 150 of its egas
in all the collections of the world. ‘The egw of
the white gyrfaleon of Greenland’s const is
rare, while the birds are very common, T have
known such eggs to sell fors20each. Itmay bea
surprise to bird hunters to know that the exes
of the commonly hunted plover of autumnal
days are worth $4 each. es

“A peculiar fact in collecting birds’ egas is
the wide difference in value of eggs of the same
family of birds. For instance, there is the
great family of hawks. Some hawks’ eggs are
| worth but a few cents each, and others find a

ready sale at &%, $5, and $7 each. Tt makes a

$100 bill look dilapidated to buy a complete set

of even Western hawks’ chile a full set
of all known hawk’'s eggs cost toward of $600.
The eggs of a marsh hawk. a red-backed hawk
Landa cooper hawk vy he howeht for cents
teach, and the broad-winged hawk’s eges will
l hring $4 each the world over, The eves of

Swainson’s hawk and the buff-breasted hawk

are Worth S150 each,

“Some odlogists devote themselves to collect-
ing for themselves egies of a certain bird family
only. There are probably more collectors of
humming birds’ egesthanofany. other variety.
T know several Frenchmen and Germans who
have been all over the world and have spent a
lotof money and several years solely to have the
most complete collection of humming birds
eggs, and to be known as authorities among
odlogists concerning humming birds, But so

j far there is not acomplete collection of the eames
of the wonderful and beautiful littl creatures,
| and LE doubt if there ever will be. The eggs of
| the blne-winged humming bird of the Azores are
worth $soaniece. They are the size of buckshot.
There are two varieties of humming birds in
Venezuela that lav ewes worth $12 each. The
common broad-tailed humming bird's egesof
California sell for 82 each. A half dozen varie.
ties of humming birds in the United States lay
eges worth 60 and 75 cents each. ‘

“There are a few private collections of birds
exgs that comprise 18,000 and 14,000 eggs. The
passion for egg collecting is an expensive one,
unless the man does his own collecting and then
trades his dunlicate with other ewe collectors
who have duplicates The odlogist declares
| that his fondness for ege collecting is nota fad,
hecause an ece collector must have seientifie
knowledge and a fondness for nature and seten-

tifle classification. The birds must be studied

in their haunts: bird literature, of which there is
no lack, must be delved into to supply proper
identifleation. Like John Muir, Thorean, or
other vhilosophers of the woods,if they do not
find birds or eggs, or fruitor nuts, they find
wisdom and they find health. Differing from
birds, eggs do not always carry their identity,
and the knowledge and accuracy of the col-
lector must be denended neon. With many of
the species of hawks and gallinaceous birds it ts
often impossible even for an expert to name the
egus without having seen the bird or at least the
nest, for all birds have their neeuliar method of
building, use certain materials and select nesting

sitesknownto the collector who has made a

study of the feathered creation.”

 

 

|

 

 

  

 

  

BEATING THE CLERGY,

 

Games by Which These Good Men Are De-
prived of Thrir Ready Money.

From the Washington Post

The most persistent and unique adventurers
in the national capital are the fakirs who haunt
the clergy aud persons connected with phil-
anthropie work, They are frequent callers at
all pastoral residences in the city, a day never
passing without twoor more presenting them-
selves at the door are well dressed
and others are garbed like the poor, They
have various methods of presenting their cause,
but each and all have the same object, to ob-
tain money. Sometimes their stories are al-
/ most ludicrous, but at other times they are

heartrending, and it is almost impossible for

a clergyman to decide the merits of the case
| One prominent divine said last week that in

all his experience he had never met a stranger
| begwing for help whose case, when investigated,

was found worthy.

The Rev. Dr. MeLeod of the First Presby-
terian Church, in conjunction with four other
leading clergymen, had an experience not long
ago which was as laughable as it was exaspera-
ting, A woman clad in deepest but shabby
mourning called at the church office shortiy
after noon and told a pitiful tale of woe. She
said that her only daughter had died the night
before, that she had formerly been a member
of his chureh, and her dying request was that
Dr. Meleod should preach a sermon at the fun-
eral, which would occur the following morning
atherresidence, She gave a number and street
in a somewhat distant locality

The at once consented to officiate
at the funeral, and expressed the greatest s. m-

| pathy for the bereaved mother. The woman
| then began to weep, and told Dr. Melaod that
her finances were in a straitened condition,
and that she lacked just $2 of having enough for
her daughter's burial expenses. The doctor
had been imposed upon before, so he told the
woman that he would go to her home the fol-
lowing morning and bring the necessary funds
to defray the expenses, Thanking Dr.
MelLod, the woman took her leave and proceeded
to the pastoral residence of the assistantrec-
tor of Trinity Church, Telling him the same
story, she succeeded in obtaining $5 and the

promise that the dcctor would officiate at the
funeral

Thisoriginal fakir then went to the residence
of Dr. Fiske, pastor of Gunton Temple Memorial
Church, to whom she again repeated her story
and obtained a like reward. She sought two
other clergymen on whose sympathies she
worked with the sane tale, and secured from
| each $5 and an assurance that the ministers
j would preach her daughter's funeral sermon.
| To each one she gave the same hour, name, and
; Address, The result was that the followin

morning five preachers, armed with Bibles and
hymn books, serious and sympathetic looks,
| appeared at 10 o'clock at the quiet home of a
very respectable Irish family, and eaeh one an-
nounced that he had come to conduct the fun-
eral of the young girl ‘The Trish lady, thinking
that some one had played a practical joke on
her, promptly became incensed, and emphasized
the fact that there had not been a death on that
block for six months

Several days ago a tall, foreign-looking man
visited several prominent clergymen, to each
of whom he handed his ecard, on which was
engraved “Rev. Charles Mohammed.” His
ecard did not state to whieh denomination
he belonged; consequently he told each min-
ister that he was a member of his church and
a toreign missionary ‘To some he said that he
needed funds to go to New York, where he was
scheduled to deliver a lecture, and to others he
clumed his destination was Baltimore for the
same purpose. He succeeded in obtainin
various sits of money, until finally he reached
the Rev. Dr. Fiske. To him he showed his cre-
dentials, which seemed to be correct, and,
furthermore, he claimed to be a professor in
Princeton University He showed a clipping
from a Richmond newspaper, which stated that
a Rey. Charles Mohamined had been mistaken
for & negro who was wanted there for some
erime, and he was almost mobbed before he
eou'd establish his identity. In addition to
this. he bad his clerical orders from the Balti-
more and Ohio and the Pennsylvania railroads.
However, these orders had expired in 1899, and
the Rev. Mohammed could not wait to have
them renewed, as he was due in New York
early the next morning and in Princeton the
following evening. He wished to borrow $10
from Dr. Fiske, and promised to return it two
days later

Dr. Fiske suggested that he telegraph to
Princeton. To this the Rev. Mohammed agreed
at once and thanked the doctor for his thought-
fulness. Dr. Piske sent a telegram immediately
In the meantime the Rev. Mohammed went out
into town and called later in the evening to
ascertain if an answer to the telegram ‘haa
come. The time was approaching for the
leaving of the train, and as the Rev. Mohammed
seemed very anxions for a reply to the telegram
Dr. Fiske was impressed with the worthiness
of the case and willingly loaned him the money.
The next morning a message from Princeton
pas at ere was no such gentleman at

neeton, . many telegrams. message

came too late we be

Some

doctor

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1900.

|

| power on street railroads and the consequent

|

|
|

 

|

  

Se -

BRAKES ON STREET CARS.

EFFORTS oF INVENTORS TO KEEP
PACE WITH MODERN NEEDS.

tory

Many Attempts to Prodece & Satisfac'
Electric Brake— None Especially Success-
ful Objections to Air Brakes~The Botre-
politan’s Improved Form of Hand Brake.

The introduction of electricity as the motive

 

increase in the size and weight of cars and in

the speed at which they are run have made im-
provements necessary in the brakes used.
Improvements in the brakes have been made
from time to time, but they have not kept pace
with the requirements, and nearly all street
railroads are on the lookout for better brakes.
Not many years ago, band brakes with which
pressure shoes were drawn against the car
wheels by a chain wound upon 4 spindle were
in almost universal use, and gave satisfaction;
but they would have very little effect on a
twelve-ton modern electric car running at a
eight miles an hour. It is pretty generally
held that no hand brake can be counted on to

control such a car satisfactorily, and nearly !

all present experiments are looking toward
the perfection of some sort of a power brake
Electrical devices naturally receive the first at-
tention, and several electric brakes are on the
market. One of the most successful types
uses a secondary current collected from the
Motors as they run, to operate friction dises
on the car axles, It gives general satisfaction
on suburban lines where the stops are not
frequent, for the further the car runs the
more power is gathered to stop it quickly.
For this reason this form of brake is not s0
efficient as it should be in a crowded city street,
where a car must be stopped, or at least slowed
down, every few feet. Brakes of this kind have
been tried by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com-
pany, but have not been adopted. Some of
the cars running out of Weehawken are equipped
with them, and they give satisfaction.

The air brake, to the development of which
so much of the progress of steam railroading is
due, is generally recognized as the best form
of power brake; but its adaptation to the use
of street cars has been a diffleult’ problem.
The new cars of the Third Avenue system in
this city are equipped with air brakes of one
of the most modern forms, which are very satis-
factory. They are, however, very expensive
to operate, for which reason they have been
condemned, after trial, by several street rail-
road companies, The great) problem with
air brakes on ‘treet cars is to supply the air.
In the system in use on the Third Avenue road,
each car carries a compressor run by an aunil-
iary electric motor taking its current from the
sarne source as the car motors. In ancther
type the compressors are driven from the car

axles, The same objections are made to both
types. It issaidthat they are unduly expensive,
and that they get out of order easily When
carried under the cars, the compressors are
particularly liable to be injured by dust. One
of the airbrnke companies is now trying to
perfect a system of air brakes to use
stored compressed air The system will be

tried by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company
If it is found that enough air can be stored en
a car to operate its brakes for one day, the trial
will probably be rewarded as successful

In the meantime,the Brooklyn Rapid Transit

Company is giving a very thorough trialte
another power brake, the cheapest and, so
far, the mort -uecessful of the countless fornys
of power brakes worked by other means than
electricity and air that have been suggested
from time time. This brake is operated be a
smiall lever similar to the reversing lever on the
electrical controller. Turning this lever
through about a quarter of a circle throws a
loose friction dise on the car axle into contact
with another dite which revolves with the axle
The loose dise is thus set rotating, and winds
upachain which draws the presser shoes against
the wheels. There is enough slipping between
the two frietion dises, which are of seft cast
iron, t> prevent an tunpleasant sock asthe fir t
full power of the brake is applied, and as the
car comes to a standstill the pressure on the
wheels is reduced automatically. This is the
cheanest and mort effective brake which the
Brookivn Rapid Transit Company has feund in
along seriesoftests VPifty cars of the Flathush
avenne line have been equinped with this brake
experimentally, and the test has heen very sre.
cessful so for The old hand brakes are alse
retained on these cars, but the motor men are
hecoming accuctomed to the new brake and
prefer it tothe old

Last September the State Railroad Commnyis-
sion conducted a series of tests of severn] differ-
ent types of patent brakes on a stretch of the
Lenox avenue line in this cits The results of
these tests have not vet been made publie, and
it mav be assumed that they were not positive
enough in chareecterto warrant the recommen
tion of ans of the brabes tested be the com
sion. The Meétronolitan Street Railway Com-
panv's ofleers watched all these tests and have
made po further experrments with anv of the
power brakes tested. Instead. they have kent
imnroving on the old hand brake until now thes
have it ina form which they regard as equal to
anv of the power brakes on the morket. Insteod
of winding up the brake chain direetly on the
snindle whichis turned by the handle it is passed
over a heavy sprocket wheel. whieh is geared to
the snindle, thus increasing the leverage, and in-
stead of one chain there are two, so that if one is
broken a second snrocket wheel immediately
takes un the littl slack, less than half an ineh,
on the second chain and onerates the brate,
There i8 also a ratchet in the brake handle,
so that the motorman may always be able to
place the handle in a position to avert his great.
est strength on it to set the brakes tich*t Thea
officers of the comnany are well satisfied with
this brake, although they are perfectly willing to
test anything better which is offered to them for
trial. Nothing better in their estimation has
yet been offered, however

There is on all electric cars a powerful ausil-
lary to the brake in the reversing lever when
properly used. The fact that its use is co sel-
dom necessary is probably the reason that so
many motermen make a borch of it when they
try to reverse, Many passengers, and fre-
euently the motormen themselves, come some-
times to think thet the reversing lever doesn’t
work, and notwithstanding the tedious repeti-
tions in the instruction room a good many mo-
tormen, when the sudden necessity for a quick
reversal of the motor comes, throw the levers
back with a recklessness that makes the wheels
spin without effect, while their ears slide on,

GUNNING IN A CHURCH,

A Pigeon Killed From Near the Altar While
Many Worshippers Were at Prayer,

From the Milwaukee Sentinel

Gunning for live birds in a church situated
on the principal street of as important city as
Milwaukee was one of the happenings of the
wee just past. A local expert in the use of the
shotgun, a man who has frequently figured in
trap-shooting contests, shot at a pigeon in
Gesu Church, startling the 200 worshippers who
were present, but making as clean a kill as was
ever recorded, the bird dropping within bounds
and needing no retrieving. Jt was a long shot,
too, up to the lofty arches of the great audi-
torium, and there was a bad light, but the second
barrel was not required. It all happened
in this way;

A pigeon, a week ago, alighted on one of the
open windows of the chureh, and becoming
frightened flew into the edifice, making at
once for the highest point it could discover
The sacristan noticed it. and made vain efforts to
drive it out. The windows were open and the
doors left ajar, but_the bird held its ground and
would not leave. It was rather a pretty sight,
too, to the worshippers to watch the pigeon
as it few from end to end of the church, now
above the altar and now away back to the
choir loft, and the ideas it suggested were nleas-
ing. Thesexton however, did not so it that
way and the presenes of the bird gratedon him
He is a hearty Irishman with a big heart and
he waited as long as he could to give it a chance
to escape, He gave it a name and tried to
feed it, but finally became convinced that the
pigeon had come to stay, whieh was not in
accordance with his ideas, so he determined on
its death

He wanted the execution to be a clean one
and carried out without a hiteh, so he betook
himself to the store of the John Meunier Gon
Company and asked one of the clerks if a “good
shot” was to be found there. The answer was
in the affirmative, but surprise grew to in-
eredulity when the man announced his mission,
A live-bird hunt in a leading chureh was a little
out of the line of thesporting proclivities of the
meninthestore, and they theught they sighted
a_ joke. However, they became convinced
of the earnestness of the necessity, and under-
took the task. Several shells were specially

epared, a roed gun was selected and the
Nimrod wended his wav to the church. He

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

“hesitated when he saw the number of peorle

at prayer, and wanted to withdraw, but the
sexton knew no retreat and insisted that the
life ne taken. He informed the priest in charge
of what was intended, the hunter took his
stand near the altar of the church, and awaiting
a favorable gnanes, ret Down tumbled the
poor, half-starv ird and up jum the
startled parishoners co

The situation was readily understood, how-
ever, and soon forgotten beyond that the marks-
man and the sexton have marked it in their list
of great events,

 

marked down to close out:

Of some patterns hundreds of yards,

Matting, r
J. & J. DOBSON,

TWO HORSEMEN MEET.

 

The Outcome of a Discussion as to the Age of
a Malne Steed.
From the Lewiston Evening Journal,

Maine's David Harum came into the village
the other day. He was looking for a trade. He
sat in his muddy old wagon with his back bent
and his elbows on his knees, The horse that
he drove had hip-bones that looked like broken
springs in a hair-cloth sofa, The rood house-
wife could have done her week's washing on the
corrugations on his sides, His eyes had the
blasé look of one whe has gone through every
thing that can by any possibility be coming
that way,and so has nothing more to fear, The
old man was driving with a knotted rope tied to
the end of a stick

"Clek! elek! Gid-dap,
saying, and Ebenezer may have heard him and
he may have felt the slap of the knotted rope,
but if he did, there was no symptom to indicate
jt, either in the eant of his ears or the accelera-

Ebenezer.” he kept

tion of his gait

The old man suddenly pulled up,.
dian't pullup. Hesaid "Whoa," The old horse
always carries one ear bac k to heara whea, He
stopped so suddenly that the old man was pre-
cipitated forward, But he caught the dasher
with both hands and was able to save him-

No, he
self from falling onto his nose on the road, |

Ashe hung there, he said to the man standing !
on the sidewalk;

Most willing hoss I ever had, Isaac, A
wornan can drive hin anywhere, Case there's
aiy trouble wit. the riggin’ any time,all any one
nas got to do is to Say ‘Whoa’ and there ye are.
No danger of bein’ all smashed up with him.
What ye got in the hoss kind now, Isaac.?"

“Wal, i've got two; -there’s that gray hoss |
that Bill Anderson used to own that I got in the |
way of a trade, Then I've got a black mare,
but I don’t believe the wimmen folks will want
to part with the black one, for they've made kind
of a pet out of it

rhe old man took a chew of tobacco and set-
tled himself on the seat with his legs crossed,
Said he

I don't spose ye're specially backward about
changing the gray one, so be't ye git the right
price for her, Isaac?” 7

“Wal, 1 spose I might listen a while if any
one talked trade ’

“Seems ‘s if this hoss here might mate up
pretty well with the black one?”

“I'm atraid he's a bit ga’nt, Hiram. You
know that black one is a chunky little bunch.”

“Yas, yas, I] know that, but ye'd find that
the hoss here would take on flesh like time
when he got started, Yesee he's so darn high
life and T drive bim so much that Lkeep him a-
dingin’ mostofthetime, For what you'd want
to drive and the wimmen folks stubbin’ him
round, he'd be rounder na barrel ina tew weeks,

T don't know what I'm sellin’ him for, myself,
but after T have a hoss about so long~ don't
make any difference how good a hose he is
Tsort of git fiddlin' round to git rid of him and |
make achange. It's lucky for aman when he |
don't have that dissatisfled way and can hang
on to a good thing when he gits it. If L only
knew enough to doit, | would not let: this hoss
of mine go for love nor money.”

While he was talking Isaac had come along
and had rolled up the old horse's upper lip
After acareful scrutiny of his teeth, Isaac shook
his head and said

How old do you call this hoss, Hiram?”

“Jes ‘zactly Oyears old — jes’ 'zackly 9.”

“Sho, now git out, he's older'n that.”

“No, sir, jes’ ‘vackly 9."

“I don't sav ye are lyin’ about the thing,
Hiram, but I do reckon ye are mistaken, The
hoss is older'n 6

“Now T understand hoss age clear into the
ground,” said the oldman, “I know that hoss
of mine is jes’ ‘zactly 9 vears old. Yas, sir,
jes’ ‘zackly 0 not over 10, ‘leven at the outside
and 12 tothe EX-tent, by Judas.”

 

 

 

DOG SALE IN THE STREET.

 

Circumstances That Induce a Dealer to Take
to Peddling at This Season,

A broker was stopped on Fourth avenue late
one afternoon last week by aman who was lead-
Ing a very handsome bull terrier dog.

“Don't you want to buy a good dog cheap?”
asked the man

The broker has recently moved to the country
and the question suggested the request of a
small boy at heme for a dog.

“How old®” asked the broker

“Just eleven months, ard I'll guarantee his
pedigree and his training. He's all right,
every way.”

The broker looked at the cog and the dog
sized up the broker. He was a good-looking
dog, and he evidently had been well kept, He

waxged his tail and indicated in dog language
that he would like to make friends. The dog
was all right, but the circumstance of his be-
ing offered for sule on. the street looked sus-
picious, The broker asked his rrice.

“You ean have him for $4,” said the dogman,

“Ll give you #25 for him.”

“That is a very small price, but times are dull
and I will have (o take it.” answered the man.

This reply convinced the broker that the dog
had been stolen, and he appealed toa policeman |
who stood on the corner for information about
the dog man,

“Sure I know him,”

 

was the reply. “He's |

| been selling dogs around here for twenty years,

He is all right and so are his dogs,” |

he Gog man had haard the conversation and |
he gave the broker his card. It was that of a |
reputable dog dealer, He explained that busi- |
ness was so dull with him just at this time of |
the year that he brought his dogs out on the
street fo sell therm. He found customers more
quickly in this way. He admitted, however,
that the broker was quite justified in assuming |
that the circumstances looked suspicious,
The broker bought the dog,

Paw-Paw
Melon.

 
 

You can cover your floors

with the handsomest patterns made, and do it economically, out of this
store. We make our own Carpets and save you all middlemen’s protits,

 

You can save largely
on your Carpets if you find patterns to suit you in the following lines,

Extra Tapestries (best quality), 89. per yard regular, NOW... .....ese.ses 5
Worsted Velvets, $1 per yard regular, NOW, ....ceeeeeeee rere tren er eenee
Extra Velvets, $1.25 per yard regular, NOW... ces eere eee e eee ee erence eee
Three-ply Ingrains (Union), 60c. per yard regular, NOW... 6.666. sees evens

New Importations from
China and Japan,

Carpet Rugs one-third less than regular.

 

Johnson’s Digestive
Tablets (Papoids)

  
     
        
 
     
     
     
       

  

o

“I
& COms~)
a

“3s

© 00 = ete
a

of others only enough for a room,

of rooms,
$4 50 a roll (40 yards),
6

and up.

2 EAST 14TH STREET,
COR, 5TH AVENUE,

 
  
  

  

SEATTLE FULL OF FAKIRS.

CAPE NOME GOLD HUNTERS BUYe
ING EVERYTHING IN SIGHT,

 

Coney Island Qutdone by the Varicty of the
Wares Offered at the Salling Point for the
New Gold Fields—Hovses, Liniments and
Last Meals Among the Things Offered,

“Seattle has attracted the queerest lot of
fakirs in this country,” said a man who hag
just returned from there, “and I don't believe
that any mining camp in this country can show
a strangec assortment of men from all parts
of the world, One might easily draw the cone
clusion that Cape Nome was Seatile s nevte
door neighbor from the cries of the street ven
ders, The utility of everything for sale seems
to be gauged by the service which it may render
its owner at Cape Nome. I have seen
thing of mining camps through the West, and
Seattle is now the clearing house for then a!l

“Men who have gone broke on their way to
Alaska and the flelds beyond or who have re-
turned from an unsuccessful trip to the gold
flelds have falien into the ranks of the fakirs
from necessity or choice, and seme of them
are smooth enough to persuade you that a bird
cage is necessary for a mining expedition. It
seemed to me that the chaps who sold the most
worthless articles and who were,
making the most money, had been trained ona
the Bowery or at Coney Island. One such chap
was hawking coarse silk handkerchiefs with
the statement

“The best thing to take with you to Nome!
My celebrated medicated handkerchiefs, which
will cure colds and sore throats! dust te
them around your throats and the medicine
begins to work,”

“The fellow's nerve suggested Coney Island,
and I spoke to him. He started for the gold
fields a year ago with three other Coney Island
men who had made a strike on the races, and
when he reached Seattle he concluded that it
was soft enough for him, and he staved there

“*These Nomers are the softest) marks I
ever struck,’ he said to me confidentially, ‘and
I'd rather fake it here than starve to death in
Alaska. When I've made my pile I'l trot right
back to New York, and that’s straight.’

“Any man who wanders along Railroad avee
nue in Seatile will see sights that will make him
blush for the slowness of New York fakirs,
Why, these chaps would sell Cleveland came
paign buttons for certificates of beach claims
if they had them. Those of them who sell hot
cakes, Waffles and sausages attract your atten-
tion by erying out: Here ve are! Get a square
meal to remember at Nome. You'll think of
itmany anight up there and thank me for it.’

“Everything pivots on the gold flelds. The
town is filled with eager men, looking forward
to wealth which they expect to find in Alaska,
and disappointed men who look back regret-
fully to the time and money spent there. The
latter are hanging around, waiting for another
chance to tempt fortune in Alaska. The most
extravagant tales of quick wealth are told around
the hotels, and it continually surprises an
Eastern man to find that many of them are true.
Heve is one which was told to me by a college
classmate of mine who is one of the solid citi-
zens of the town and who knew the story to be
true, A young tinsmith got the Klondike itech
several years ago. His character was good, and
he went to a deacon in his chureh and asked
him to grubestake him. The deacon was a
careful man and declined the gamble. Ha
offered, however, to lend the young inan $200
and take his note for the amount

“If you retnrn alive,’ said he, ‘Il am sure
that you will in some way work it off’

“Don't you think, deacon, that vou'd bet
ter grub stake me and if I strike it rich vou
will make a lot of money?’ asked the tinsmith.

“No, sit, that’s too risky,’ said the deacon

“The tinsmith reached the wold fields and
made good wages his first winter by working
at his trade. Two years later he turned up
at Seattle with gold to burn. T don't rememe
ber the exact amount but it was close to $100,+
000. He had several of the richest cleims in
the Klondike and his fortune was made. He
promptly looked up the deacon, prid him $200
with interest and threw in a handful of small
nuggets for good measure

“Aren't you sorry you didn’t grub staka
me?’ he asked. ‘It would have been at least
$50,000 In your pockets’

“He told the deacon of his good lick and the
gcod man’s disappointinent at so narrowly
missing a fortune made him sick. The tine
smith returned and if he isn't to-day a mil+
lionaire, he’s near it. These wonderfnl tales
are being supplemented with new ones every
week and you can imagine the style of converse
sation that one hears everywhere Ammon
the fakirs are chaps who sell Indian liniments
which are cure-alls. Every third gold hunter
takes some of them. ‘Phe photogranhers
who develop your picture while you wait thnve
as they do at a county fair

_ "Have your pieture taken before going 10
Nome,’ they ery. ‘This is your last chaner.
Send it home to the family. Take one with
you to remember how vou lock,’ de

a | saw eneman selling ‘genuine aluminium
houses,’ which might be felded un and care
ried into the gold flelds. They weighed abet
150 pounés each and perhaps the chan sold
them. He guaranteed them in all serts of
ways, There were other fakirs who seldt
eroscopes by whieh a very small flake of ee
might be enlarged to a hig nugget Suv
aginass might hea consolation toa disappointed
miner, JT will venture to. say that nowhera
else in the world to-dav can one find such 4
collection of fakirs as at Seattleandsomeofthet
assertions about their articles are not a whit
mere improbable than the stories of Inck which
one hears in the hotel, whieh are eorrobote
ated by the evidence of the wealth) itsel!

nie

therefore,

 

 

 

14
)