: : a
pay ACTORS ON A SUNLIT STA
eee CRUEL DISILLUSION,

ssive Woman's League and the
Make Serious Players Turn
. The Exaggerative Outcry Against
und a the Season’s Immodest Dramas,
4 shine this afternoon on
‘e Theatre, as it did last Sunday, the
pierces worth visiting by those who
the drama at the lower extreme of
The establishment is in that por-
of West 110th street known as Little Coney

oe 4. It has a frentage of more than a hun-
ee on which names and pictures of ac-
on 2 posted and the portal is manned by a
aad a taker of ten-cent tlekets, The
oe ture consists of an enclosing fence, & 8pa-
jus floor and a stage set with crudely painted

Progre
om Club

It the en shoul

place
wish
disillusion

to see

st

yo ry, There are weather-beaten chairs
ak to seat 200 persons at tables, and the
Sia » was about as numerous as that at
» @ued i's matinee, Dietrich’s had the
ol of an ordinary beer garden except that
+" atrical entertainment was being given in
‘ Tr seemed to be exempt from the law for-

pidding plays on sund 4 policeman in
ddin

form lounged at the entrance. The people
incongruous blend of obviously

ays

ur

 

win were
table poor families and quite as surely
i es young men and girls, But it was on

ctao that things were peculiar, There was

 
  
 

he
. eheltor roof to it, and the sun shone witha
oe are ‘The representation of @ grove in
» vind and fields in the distance looked
- ough bright paints had been thrown
{n handfuls at the weatherworn canvas, The
first actress to appear bore evidence, if not proof,
that she had been treated in the same way.
she had col sped her face with crimson pigment
for the cheeks and lips, black for the eyebrows

and lashes, and white for the rest of the sure
face ‘The inakestip might have been tolerable
in an artificial ght, but in the sunshine it was
asaclown's. The woman seemed
to be suddenly aware of the ordeal which her
youge was to undergo, As her engagement
had becun with this Sunday matinee, she may
pot have known that the stage was not shel-
She could not turn her back to the sun

as grotesque

 

tered
without doing the same to the audience, She
pulled her big wig low over her forehead, hung

her head and so shaded the upper part of her
smeared countenance, The farce tn which
she figured employed also two actors, One
of these was a young fellow who wore a white
wie to indicate that he was playing an old man,
an assumption whieh he tried to sustain by in-
effectual efforts to speak with a voice of age,

but he had avoided the actress's error of ex-
posing a painted face, The second actor was
the low comedian of the company. He ap-

peared as a negro, His blackening by burnt
cork bore no resemblance in the sunlight to the

real thing, and the red enlargement of his
mouth looked as though it had come of drink
ing gore from a shallow pan, Whatever this
chain's wages may be, even though they are as
high as $10 a week, he has to earn them by mak-

ing audiences laugh. To be comic on such @
stage in such a place would probably be im-
ossibla to Joseph Jefferson. Rip Van Win-
kies jovial eups and kegs would very likely
Jose their. potency, But this comedian at
Dietrich's aid not depend on subtle art or gentle
humor, His fun was a matter of might and
main Moreover, his drinks in the play were
accompanied by such @ copious consumption
of alcoholic beverages by the audience that
laughter came easily

 

In the times when tragedians were plentier
than they are now it was their custom to act
in farces on Saturday nights, Even Edwin
Booth used to follow his shortened version
ot “The Merchant of Venice” with a condensed
and altogether comic performance of “The
Taming of the Shrew.” It was usual with
dignified stars of a lesser magnitude to play
what were called protean parts in such pieces
as “The Stagestruck Barber,” in which they
impersonated a diversity of funny characters,
The old idea that a really good dramatic artist
must be versatile to the opposite mits of shud-
ders and hilarity doesnot hold asit didformerly.
But it is true that the facile illustrator of sor-
rowsmay readily turn to the jollity of burlesque,

That fact was proven last week by the Pro-
gressive Woinan’s League and the Lamba’
Club in their annual entertainments. The
traveaties of notable dramas, besides turning
the ability of commonly comic players to good
account, reached their happiest results with
men and women whose ordinary guises on
the stage are serious, The best instance at
the Herald Square was that of Mary Shaw,
who carried the sensuous languors and calorie
passions of Sapho into ridicule, Miss Shaw
had played many réles with such sedate au-
thority that it was surprising to see her ir-
resistibly droll as a burlesquer. Who dares

tosay, after the Progressive Woman's Longue’
all-feminine production of | “Billboarded,”
that women have no sense of humor? The
Lambs’ membership provided an abundance
of comedians from farce and comic opera
for the casts of the travesties at the Knicker-
hocker, and they did well what was given them
to do, but they did not depart far froin their cus-
tomary lines. and so they yielded no surprises.
The audience was more amured with those
actors who threw aside their dramatic dignity
and were frolicaome in “Ben Vadis Quo Hur

a violently absurd burlesque of the two re-
ligious melodramas mixedly mentioned in the
title The appearance of George pawcer.
Wilton Lackave. William Harcourt and Francia
Carivie, identified with sober rélea, but here
making sport of the heroes of Gen. Lew Wal-
lace and Henryk Slenklewlez, yielded the
Inost, aeeentable diversion, of the gambol.
The unoriginal devices for making fun of the
bullfght and the chariot race would have
heen merely silly if operated by Mr. Crane,
Mr. Hopper, Mr, De Ph elis, Mr. Dixey, Mr.
Barnabee or other Lambs familiarly funny.
But to see the romantically handsome Mr.
Harcourt and Mr. Carivle in ludicrous action
Waskeenly enjoyable burlesque because unique
and unexpected. The luckiest of them all
!n the matter for clever exaggeration was
Mr Lackaye, who played Petroniua, the ayeo-
Phant of Nero’a court, In his eomnplacent
surance in snubbing and jibing the Emperor
Instead of adulation, and espectally in his
delighted appreciation of his own wit, he was
on this oreasion a jolly comedian,

Some of the writers on theatrical subjects
at the clone of the season, zealous in their wish
for the improvement of the stage in art and
morals, are denouncing with righteous wrath
those dramas which have lately exploited cour-
tesans as their heroines. The purpose of the
censors is praiseworthy, They are sincere
in condemning the glorification of such foul
Creatures as Zaza, Becky Sharp and Sapho,
But the people who support the theatres, even
the more considerate and conscientious, are
divided in opinion on this subject, Foremost
among the assailed plays was “Sapho.” Tur
Sty deseribed it as an extremely nasty de-
Diction of wanton vice, but some Journals de-
fended it as a permissible, even commendable
Uustration of Alphonsa Daudet'’s novel, the
Moral purport of which is commonly con-
Coded Judge Fursman all but directed an
Aequital of the defendants when the case waa
ted before him. and the jurors, not content
With rendering the verdict, went to see the
Diece performed and afterward signed a dec-
laration that it was entirely blameless, 80
It will not do to set the three actresses down as
lewd persons because they impersonate lewd
Women. Aside from being unjust, it is not

jeaally Safe, as a Washington preacher has
“rned from Olga Nethersole. There is no

Call for excitement. Let the public have its
P Way as far as common decency will per-
tin choosing stage diversion, The point

Sa proper Interference by the police was
ott frac ved in any one of the plays against
pA the purists moved last winter, An error
fore fulde is the assertion that uncleanly
ipeene ‘ations on the stage make more money
han those That are pure. Louise Leslie Carter
Mar Wr a rousing income from “Zaza,” but
a Adams has drawn a larger income from
hae ahittle Minister.” | Minnie Maddern Fiske
iS Billed her purse with “Becky Sharp,” but
bree has bulged a bigger one with “The
; an. Olga Nethersole has not enrich
wee oe muen with “Sapho” as Julia Mar-
tat es With “Barbara Frietchie.” Lillte
retry is remunerated less with “The De-
ff rates than Annie Russell is with tat
Profle | For each nasty play that ma 4
Wenty iu awe®, York last season there were
Of nee Massnilable ones that made as much
the'th *. Immodesty that is good art paysin
tions wate. Modesty under the same condi-
'* Days better

The new drama for Gabriel Rélane, “Le Robe
— written for her by Guatay Brieux, and
nded on incidents in the Iweyfus trial,
‘On the prize of $1,000 offered by the French
vfor the best play of the yamer. Maria

Guerrero is to act in “Cyrano de Bergerac” with
her husband, if Coquelin, her former teacher, will
give her permission to do that in Paris. She
is to be seen also in plays by Echegaray and
Guimera. “Rip Van Winkle” has just been given
in the form of @ spectacle at the Garté in Paris.
Robert Planquet wrote the music of the French
version, which is notentirely new. “Jean Bart”
is the tide of another historical drama than
that lately used by Coquelin. A third play with
thatsame hero was recently acted with success
at Dunkesqué. E ,
will eae fee Weed Sgmeene a but nal
not provide for her another male character,
The action passes in Rome ‘under the rule of

Nero. A young Christ gn gives herself

4 hat Emperor te save over freee th.
uM 1e tyrant does not is word an

determines that his old riva Shall. with an ol

Bishop, be given over to the lions. The
throws herself from the royal box betwee
her lover and the beasta, but in vain. e an
he are torn by the beasts and die in the arena to
the laat blessing of the wounded Bishop. Mme.
Dubarry is to he heroine of a play by Jean
pope and called “La Dubarry.” It is to
introduce 120 charastere besides the famous
mistress of Louis XV. The first and third
acts will bein Paris and the second at Vers illes,
Richepin says that the piece isto be acted first
anew Yorn. ieiied

t has been deci that the new Francais
building shall be exclusively devoted to the
uses of the theatre, The space formerly oc-
cupled by shopsor rented to private individuals,
will be used for exits and entrances. The ten-
ants who remained in the parts of the building not
destroyed by fire have protested against this
decision, and will bring action for damages
against the Government. Some of them had
occupied the little shops for years.

Many of the German actors announced to
appear in Paris during the Exposition have de-
cided not to undertake that rather risky ex-
parmeset, Marie Barhany and Alexander Mat-
cowsky have recently withdrawn. Agnes
dorma is to devote all of the coming season toa
tour of the Continental cities, which will take
her as far as Constantinople. The Sultan of
‘Turkey appreciates the Europeandrama. Some
German actors recently gave a performance
inhis palace. The Sultan was to take his bath
at the time appointed for the performance to
begin. But rather than mias it, he had the tub
rolled into the room in which the actors were to
appear, and so enjoyed the bath and the play
tocether
Schiller's drama “The Robbers” was recently
revivedat Munich andthe event possessed eape-
cial importance from the fact that Ernst Yon
Possart announced that he would never again
be seen as Frana Moor. He had made his
debut as an actor in this same play mirtras
years before. Rudolf Christians, wae made
such an impression here with Agnes Sorma in
*The Children of the fing. has become one of
the leading actors of the German stage. Hein-
rich Conried isin Berlin and will probably make
arrangements to bring Helen Odilon to this
country next winter. Sheis the leading actres
of the Deutscher Volkstheater in Vienna, an
has been astar inall the leading German cities.
She is now in Berlin with the entire company
from Vienna. The Polish actors from the thea-
tre_at Lemberg in Austria have hitherto gone
to Warsaw to play a summer season there,
This year the Russian Government has for-
biden thelr appearance in Russian territory on
the ground that they have been giving plays at
Lemberg which were anti-Russian in tendency.

AFTERNOON TEAS IN PARIS,

Custom From Acroas the Channel That Is Up-
settingg@ie French Diner Hoar,

The French have another gridce against
England. Parisians complain that dinner has
been spoiled for them, and that the insidious
English tea habit has made the trouble. The
practice of serving afternoon tea has been gain-
ing favor steadily among Parisians until, in
recent seasons, it has been practically universal
in the smart set of Paris. Unluckily, however,
the simplicity of the English function did not
suit French ideas. In England one serves tea
and biscuit, small sandwiches, toast, plum cake
or muffins. In ninety-nine cases out of a hun-
dred nothing more elaborate {is attempted.
The English woman or man drinks tea for its
own sake, but in Paris the fashion is valued
for ita ornamental possibilities and has been
adorned with frills until ite English ancestors
would not recognize tt. Tea is served. So is
everything else that a 5 o’clock appetite can
struggle with. Drinks of infinite variety are
on tap. Probably the Frenchman, unlike the
Englishman, refused to be lured to drawing
rooms by tea, and as he was a@ necessity, at any
price, the drinks were conceded to him.

The refreshments are not all liquid. Sand-

wiches, pates, salads, cold meats, all the army
of French timbales and aspica and galantines
a host of hot dishes, cakes, creams, ices, any or
all of these are in evidence, and the after-
noon bracer of England assumes the propor-
tions of a square meal in France. The natural
result was a paponeaens of the dinner hour,
With the beat willin the world one cannot eat
a solid meal at 5 or 6 o'clock and be ready for
an elaborate dinner at 7. The ancient and hon-
orable order of Parisian chefs protested vig-
orously, What was the use of being a Napoleon
of the cuisine if diners had no appetite for the
achievements of genius, and hurried through
dinner in order to go on to the theatre, opera
and social functions?
The afternoon tea was too convenient a 8o-
cial custom to be abandoned, and no hostess
dared make it the simple thing it should be,
but during the last season there has been a
tentative effort to solve the problem by a re-
turn to the early French custom of a midday
dinner. There is little probability. that «ne
experiment will meet wit qoners! favor, but
in several of the best known houses of the Fau-
bourg St. Germain last winter, dinner was rele-
gated to 2 o'clock, afternoon tea was made even
more elaborate than usual and an exceedingly
substantial supper was served late in the even-
ing. The arrangement made possible a leis-
urely dinner and an early appearence at even-
ing functions; buta ee nner is a lament-
able institution and, if England has saddled
it upon France, there is a caeus belli worth con-
sidering.

NABDTACK GOT HIM A WIFB,

 

 

 

What Came of a Soldier's Earnest Appeal for
a Change of Diet.

From the Philadelphia Record,
FRANKLIN, Pa., May 27,--An_ Interesting
romance which was brought about through
the Spanish-American War has just come to
light here, When war was declared William
Barber, who lived with his parents on a farm a
few miles from this city, came to Franklin and
joined Company F, Sixteenth Regiment.
The army ration of hardtack soon became
very tiresome to young Barber, and while
on his way to the camp at Chicka-
mauga he conceived a plan to secure
better food. He wrote his name and company
address on a pleca of hardtack, together with
a short but vehement appeal to some good
Southerner to send them at least one square
meal tocamp. Hanging out of the car window,
he threw the hardtack at the first house the
train passed.

Great was the surprise of young Barber
the following Sunday, when he was called
from his tent and introduced to Col. Ray and
his daughter Mary, a handsome brunette, who
informed him thatthis hardtack appea' had been
found and that they were there to anawer it.
On either arm of the Colonel was a bla basket
of food that made the hungry young man's
eyes stick out and caused the army ration to
become a thing of contempt for several days,
Co). Ray and his daughter had driven twent
miles that morning to see young Barber, an
they extended to him a cordial Invitation to
visit them.

Thereafter Barber was at the home of the Ray
whenever it was possible to secure leave o
absence, The Colonel was wealthy and lived
on a large plantation. His family was com-
owed of his wife and himself, his daughter
Mary and her younger sister. When the order
came for the departure of the Sixteenth for
Charleston, where they were to take the transit
for Porto Rico, Barber was engaged to
married to Miss Mary Bay.

After the war Barber returned to his home,
and his wedding followed in due time. He
and his wife have been living on his father's
farm, but recently Mrs. Ra Al and the young
couple left to join the Colone {n Tennessee.

 

 

“Albany Beef,"’

From the Albany Argua.

John Russell Bartlett, in his Dictionary, st
Americanisms, says that “sturgeon ts caller
Albany beef because a part of the sturgeon’s
flesh has much the look, apd not a little of the
taste, as well as texture, of ox muscle, It
abounds {in the Hudson River, and is muc
eaten in the city of Albany.” John 8, Farmer,
in his collection of Americiniams, also says
that ‘the flash of the aturgeon, {n color
and taste, has some resemblance to beef,
especially when cutin steaks and grilled. Al-
bany isa town on the Hudson River as high as
which the fish in question is or was to be caught
in large numbers, and, as a ‘matter of course,
consequently formed a not Inconaiderable fac-
tor in the food supply. of the ine nte—hence
the term ‘Albany beef.’’' All this was once
true, but aa a matter of fact now, sturgeon are
notso abundant in this market as they for-
merly wery, and there ve probably meny, of oar
younger citizens who have never m -
gernand have never heard it called “Albany

Bad

How Little Eddte Hroke Up a Settiag Hen,
From the Minneapolis Times.

Dog, la., May_25.-—Edd Keyn the
grecrearold oO easttin nant st ws ey
. living in the
ae fire to a hen’s nest to make hee ve, and
burned up two barns, 479

{
)

a ge

THE

 
  

 

MISSIONARIES IN NORTHERN CHINA,

With
Constant Cause of Trouble Natives
—Swedes Obnoxious to Russia as Well.

Itisaremarkable coincidence that the part
of China in which the “Boxer” organization
has its rise {s that in which foreign missions
and railway construction are Most active,
The American missions in northern Ching
where the Boxer agitation is strongest have
many stations with a numerous personnel
which is composed of Americans, There is
another society, however, whose stations are
scattered all over the country north of
the Sikiang or river of Canton, a
large proportion of whose missionaries are
of Swedish nationality and from Finland, It is
called the China Inland Mission and has its
headquarters in London} in England. Its
stations are most numerous in the provinces of
Kiang-8i and Che-Kiang south of the Yang-
tae-Kiang, and in the provinces of Shansi and
Shensi, west of Chih-li in which Pekin is
situated, and there are stations in the far
western province of Kansub, bordering on the
frontier of Tibet and along the great wall to-
ward the Mongolian Desert.

For many reasons, meatly ofa political nature,
missionary work in China is regarded unfavor-
ably by the population in general, but especially
80 by the offictal classes who are intensely con-
servative of old institutions, more particularly
the religious. Not that they seem to havemuch
to fear on the score of the number of converts

made by the missionaries, for the average
umber of converts admitted {n the reports of
the China Inland Mission is few in relation to
the number of missionaries, employed and the
cost of maintaining the numerous stations, As
examples: In the reports for 1800, Kansuh has
forty-nine missionaries and native helpers, and
reckons only sixty communicants, Shensi has
107. missionaries and native helpers with
$24 communicants. Shansi returns 210 mission-
aries and native helpers to 1,215 communicants
and so on jn proportions, varying from on-an
two to five and six converts per missionary and
native helper throughout the length ant
breadth of China. The total number of sta-
tions established by the China Inland Mis-

sion «in January, 1509, was 318, with
778 missionaries and 605 native — helpers
with 7.147 communicants. As will

be seen,
these figures do not appear calculated to glarty
the Administration; Bat it is the privilege

status enjoyed by the missionaries who openly
work for the overthrow of the national religion
that causes most of the dificultios with whieh
the Chinese authorities have to contend in their
relations with foreign powers. But besides he-
ing obnoxious to the Chinese people and Gov-
ernment on general principles, the Swedish and
Finnish element in the China Inland Mission

eo widely scattered over the north of
China which Russia regards as more
riicularly within her sphere of in-

uence, is offensive to the Government of the
Czar here isno reason to suppose that the
posers ary acting under foreign instigation of
any kind, but if their action tended to the with-
drawal of the missionaries and their prona-
anda from northern China it is not probable
there would be any regret at the closing of
thetr establishments. From the nature of their
work, thelr acquaintance with the language of
the country, and the freedom of travel! enjoyed
by them and their native aasistants, thoy
are in a position to _ become intimately
acquainted with the condition of the country
and public sentiment, and so indirectly to
render very valuable service tothe Government
of the country whose missionary societies em-
ploy them. In the present state of affairs in
northern China this would be preeminentiv the
cnse, and for this reason it can be understaod
that the closing of the English missions in par-
tloular in northern China would be agreeable to
both the Chinese and Russian governments,
whether brought about by the Boxers or other
agencies,

PROFESSIONALS FOR PARIS,

Champion High Jumper Sweeney Entered for
the World’s Champlonships.

Resides sending strong amateur teams to the
international games at Paris, America will make
a strong bid for honors in the protessional
events, for which, in addition to the title of
world’s champion, big money prizes are offered
A. G. Spalding, the Amertean Director of Sports,
yesterday received the entry of M. F. Sweeney
for the running high jump, running broad
jump and 120-yard hurdle. Sweeney {s the
best high Jumper that the world has ever
seen. As an amateur he made the world’s
record of 6 feet 5% inches in the international
games at Manhattan Field, in 1895. Shortly after-
ward he acoepted the post of athletic instructor
at Hill School, Pottstown, Pa., and has madea
practice of competing during the vacation
periodin Caledonian games, In these contests
Sweeney never has met his match and heis
said to be able toeciipse hia own wonderful
record whenever required to do so Walter
Christie, who is regarded as the fastest pro-
fessional sprinter in America, is trainer of the
Princeton team. He will go to aris in that
eapacity, and as he has been doing. better than
ever in the professional handicaps lately
is Itkely to trouble the fastest English runners
in the short distance race
Mr. Spalding said yesterday that a cup of the
value of 1,000 franca will be awsrded to the
winner of the Marathon race, which has been
added to the programme in response to the re-
que-tof Americas, athletes It is prepoacd to
hold a contest open to athletes of the Metropol-
{ian district over either the Valley Stream
oourse, or the old one from Stamford, to Col-
umbia Oval, and to send the winner of tie event
to Paris by sub eription. The New York A. 4’.
and Kniokerbocker A.C. are in favor Of the pro
ject and according to the ojicials the members
of those organizations will contribute hand-
somely to the fund i
George W. Orton, the champion distanée run-
ner and steeplechaser, {s getting up an Ameri-
n tere to compete in the international race
which the most valuable prizes of the meet
are offered. In additon to the 1,000 franes
which will go to the winning nation, individual
rizea will be given as follows: 500 franca to
first. 200 frances to second, 100 francs to third
and 5) france to fourth. The race will take
lace on July 4, and the distance will be
000 metres. Five men will be represented from
each nation, but the manner of running is dif-
ferentfrom thatin vogue here, where team races
are generally decided in relays, each man
running a fifth of the distance. In the inter-
national event every man will be required to go
the full distance, about three miles and a fur-
long, and the scoring will be by points, as in
cross-country races run in this country. The
Amerioan team will probably be composed of
W, Orton, J. F. Cregan, KR. Grant, A. Grant,
and J aray. an agaregation of distance runners
that will aive even the noted English champions
a hard task to defeat.

 

INTERNATIONAL REVOLVER MATCH,
Trial Match to Take Place on June 14 and
Cable Contest on June 16.

The Executive Committee of the United States
Revolver Association has decided to hold the
trial match to select the team to represent
America in the international cable match with
France on June 14. The date for the competi-
tion has been fixed for June 16. Several offers
of grounds at which to hold the contests have
been received by the committee, and it is ex-
pected that the location will be settled on to-
day. The 100 French targets, which it
was stipulated should be forwarded here
for the American team t» shoot at,
pave not yet arrived President Reginald H,

ayre said last night that this had not delayed
the preparations to have this country repre-
nies by the best available tean, which it is
ntended to select as far as possible from the
most skiliul shots In the country. The trial
match, for which the prize list will be as exten-
ree possible, will be held only two days be-

‘ore the international event in order that the
cracks of citles other than New York will lose
little time by taking part. In order that no

mbitious shooter may be left out the entries

‘or the trial match will remain open until the
day of the competition.

Several good American performers are now
at Paris, but the Executive Committee in
charge of the match decided that it will not be
advirable to have them compete as members of
the team on the Gastinne-Rennette gallery,

hough that course is open under the conditions.

arghan, the crack Chicago man, {s anxious to
come here and try for a place on we team, but
may be prevented on account of business en-
gagements, Among the other experts with the
revolver who have been in communication with
Dr. Sayre and who intend competing inthe
trial shoot are:

Anderson, Patridge and Rel!, Boston: Humphreys,
Massachuseits Rifle Association; Waterhouse, Crab-
tree and Smith, Springfield; Arnold, Providence;
bh ds and Healey, Washington, and Taylor, Phila-

elpbia.

Athletic Managers Elected at Brown,

ProvipeNnce, June 2. -The Brown Univere
sity Athletic Association announces the election
of William R. Harvey, ‘01, of Newport as mana
ger of next year's baseball team; Howard A.
Coffin, ‘01, Fast Fairfleld, Me, manager of the
football team; H. W. Rockwell, '03, manager of
track athletics. T. F Pevear, ‘02, of Lynn,
Maas, has bean elected assistant baseball man-

ger and Arthur D. Dudley, ‘02, of Concord,

fass , assistant manager of track athletics, The
town University Yacht Club has elected Dan-
al Howland, 1900, of Hope, R. I., commodore,C

; itiams ‘02, of Providence, vice-commo-

ore and Howard PD. Briggs, ‘02, of asewer,

> os captain. The club’ will start ont |
ni from Newport do .

an
tantra

   

— —

a eseeieamineniaieereeeenie emia nc eect mpegs tence ere reget cig Aen en eel etna hse iliac neem AE AaS eta ec tae ie ai ae caine tacit ata

SUN, SUNDAY

THEATRICAL AMUSEMENTS.

—_—

2 WE SUMMER SEASON OF VAUDEVILLE
IN THE ROOF GARDENS,

Four of These Hot-Weather Resorts to Be
Opened in Broadway This Week—Melo-
drama Holds on Steadfastiy on Four Stages
~Attractions of the Contiauous Shows,

The roof garden season has come around
and this week will see the opening of four
of these hot-weather resorts above Broadway
theatres. To-morrow, unless the weather is
unfavorable, the Venetian Terrave on top of
the Victoria will again be one of the few places
in New York that are invitingly cool. Mr
Hammerstein's noval idea of a veritable circus
up in the air, with which he surprised us last
season, will be carried out again this summer,
though not to the exclusion of singing and even
@ ballet. The opening bill includes many
novelties and other things that are familiar,
It presents Prof. Wormwood's hundred trained
monkeys, some educated ponies and horses,
including one that wrestles with a man, the
Rossow Midgets, Giovanni Partenova, an Italian
tenor new to this country; Zcarina, a dancer;
Loulse Dresser and some negro boys in rag-
time songs; the three Navarros. the Johnaon
brothers. the Halloway trio, Hayes and Healy.
Marion Winchester, Mile. Ferrato, the Living-
Stons and others,

The roof of the New York Theatre will start
{ts season to-morrow. without any weather
Proviso. as it still has its glass covering. The
interior has been much changed. and is now
thoroughly Japanese, suitable to its new name
of Cherry Blossom Grove. Lanterns and arti-
fical cherry blossoms are now the chief decora-
tion witha background of bamboo and matting.

The performance on the stage will be in part
harmonious with the surroundings. This will
be the ending of the show with a Japanese
ballet arranged by Carl Maring. Before that
will be seen Marguerite Cornille. Barrere and
Jules, Merkel sisters, Stuart, the Australian
trio, the Floren troupe, the Everett trio, Vashtl
Rarle and Jilu Shephard, the Meredith sisters
and William English, Genaro and Bailey, Reno
and Richards, Henrl French, Nellie O'Neil,
Fdna Leigh and Sylvia Thorne and Mont-
gomery and Stone,

The third roof garden to open this week will
be the Casino's, the oldest in New York, It will
begin its season on Saturday, under the manage-
ment of Fred. D. Marks. A ballet, called
“Naples and the Open Door” will be the chief
diversion. Among the specialists will be
James Thornton, Hooker and Davis, the Carmen
sisters, Alice Lesiie, Lady Vera Vera and “The
Lady with the Diamend Dog.”

Koster & Bial's roof opening iast night is de-
scribed elsewhere,

To-morrow's opportunities in vaudeville
diversion will lie between continuous shows,
music hall bills and roof performances, Five
continuous theatres are in the fleld. Proctor's
Fifth Avenue will have the vaudeville début
of Victory Bateman, With Harry Mestayer
she will play the comedietta, “Sweethearts,”
The others will be specialty folk whose doings
are more or less familiar. MeIntyre and Heath
will head the fleld, playing their laughable
sketch, “The Georgia Minstrels.” Others are
the Maginleys, the Gilroys, Lillle Western, the
Guitanos and the Queen's Fan Trio. To-day 6
performance here will engage the Cohans, the
Rossows, George Fuller Golden and Ethel
Levy, among others.

At Keith's John B. Mason will be a mono-
loguist, and something quite unusual is prom-
ised for his new departure, Other new per-
formers here will be some tiny elephants of
Lockhart training, which heretofore has re-
sulted in surprising stage displays. A bio-
graph view will show an ox train of ammuni-
tion wagons approaching a firing line in the
Philippines. Some of the specialty folk held
are Wills and Loretto, McAvoy and May, J. J.
Morton, the Johnsons, Howard and Bland,
Paulina Moran, Marsh and Sartella, Carring-
ton, Holland and Calpin, Edna Collins and the
Bateses.

The Cohans will shift to Proctor's Twenty-
third Street, and these will repeat twice daily,
“The Governor's Son,” the farce by George Mt
Cohan that was new in Broadway last week.
Though it carries lively specialties for ita au-
thor and one of his companions, it is not, like
many vehicles that include variety innings,
lacking in plot. Its fareical story is complex.
The remainder of the bill will be in the hands
of apecialists. Among them will be Yorke and
Adams, imitators of lowly Hebrew types;
Della Roeca, a viollnist: Paxton and Jerome,
whose songs have stereanticon illustrations;
Chat Farrell, Ethel Levy, Frobel and Ruge and
Barrett and Learned. To-d&y's bill witl in-
elude “Tally-ho!” and specialties by Fred Niblo,
Jess Dandy, the Guitanos and others,

Except for a comle sketch by Howe and
Edwards, the bill at the Palace will be of the
all-variety order. A majority of its contribu-
tors will be specialists of the front rank. Jess
Dandy in a get-up, that caricatures 8 pros.
perous Hebrew, will sing parodies and tell
jokes that fit his character; Zeno and Carl
will perform some surprising acrobatics: Zeb
and Zarrow will have an inning of bicycle
riding that includea some very showy tricks:
and among the less conspicuous onea will be
la Toska, Fanny Fields, Fred Niblo, Bertie
Fowler and Vernon. Adelaide Herrmann will
head to-dav's roster, Lillie Western, Macart's
dogs and Elsie will be some of those with her.

Williams and Tucker will top the list at Pas-
tor’s, A farce entitled “My Happy, Hanpy
Home,” will be played by Marguerite Fish,
who onee was known as Baby Benson, and
by Charles Warren. The variety folk held
are the Cardownies, McWatters and Tyson,
the Litehflelds, Julian Rose, Castellat and
Dean, Stewart and Gillen, Conway and Staats
and the Boranis.

A showy troup of wax figures will be new
at the Eden Musée. It pictures a den of lions
in arocky cave, Into which a lion has just
dragged the mutilated body of a child. Three
lions cubs play about this body and the older
beasts. This eroun finds place in the down-
stars department known as “The Chamber
of Horrors.” Current showings of motion
pletures here include views of the British march
of conquest in South Africa,

To-morrow's specialists at. Koster & Bial's
will include Williams and Adama, Mazuz and
Mavett, George Davis, Carlos and Vouletti
Rickneil, Olive, Rmma Davies, Emmy's trained
docs, Trovollo, Ed Latell and the Mahers,

The vaudeville concert to be given at the
New York this evening will have John Kernell,
Harrigan and Marguerite Corneille,

 

The dramatic survivors of the winter season
are five in number, “Sherlock Holmes,” shows
no more sign of stonning than it did five months

ago, Thia is its thirtv-third week at the Gar-
rick, and brings ite 250th performance at that
theatre near at hand.

“The Pride of Jennico” is lasting well at the
Criterion, No date is set for a discontinuance.
This intensest of romantic melodramas is hold-
ing on firmly, and will not let go until large
audjences cease to assemble.

“Quo Vadis” remains at the New York. Sou-
venir photographs are aiven at the Saturday

natinees, Yesterday the picture was of Arthur

orrent, and this week it will be of Joseph Ha-
worth,

“The Casino Girl” will celebrate its hundredth
performance on Tuesday evening with
souvenirs, Ti td

The Murray Hill continues with ita weekly
changes, o-morrow Robertson's “Caste
will be brought forward by the atock company.
Henry V. Donnelly will make his reappearance
as Keclea, the old drunkard,

“Woman Wine” remains at the Academy
of Music or y one mote week, OnThuraday
night souvenirs will sivep to celebrate its
seventy-fifth performance. me Proctor Otis,
who Is playing the chief female part so well, is
talked of as the probable impersonator of Zaza
when the play, of that name {s sent to Australia,
Judging by her vivid acting in the current
melodrama and other plays she would be a good
choice,

 

His Supposition,
From the San Franciaco Wave.

A philanthropic lady of Pacific Heights, one of
the sort of superior alum-raisers shown up in
Fables in Slang,” met on one of her tours a
little boy who was swearing roundly over a
game of marbles. She seized him at once and
gave him a good shaking, adding: "You qught
to be ashamed of yourself! I never h such

language since the day I wi rn!” 9 bo

on whose desolate home ea Jyat hoon
bringing light pulled himself ope. “Yea'm,"
he said, “1 s'pose dere was a good deal 0’ cussin’
de day you was born.’

Bon
Ami

Will do fifty per cent. more
work than an equal weight
of sand or scouring soap. A
very little on a p cloth
will do a lot of cleaning.

 

 

JUNE 3, 1900.

rr i |
Cee ee ree eee ree ee eee eee ee ee
_ Seen en ee nee eee

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.

 

with Richard Wagner have disappeared, Her-
man Levi's recent death removed another and
Hans Richter alone survives of the famous
group that learned from the great composer
the traditions as to the proper performance
of his works, New York was fortunate for
some years in the possession of Anton Seidl,
one of the greatest of that famous coterie, and
he was never as much appreciated in lifetime
as he has been since his death when thevalue of
agreat operatic conductor made itself especially
felt. During the season which has just come to
an end millions of dollars were spent on music,
A pianist took back to Europe with him more
than $200,000 and one prima donna more than
£95,000, Both were of the same race, the great-
est in their fleld among living artists, and no-
body begrudged them the reward of their
unique services, Other artists took back
small fortunes to Europe, and they were de-
serving of their hire, But it is a curious feut-
ure of the musical situation here that a great
conductor is one of the elements of successful
experience that is thought unnecessary,
New York pays far more for musie than
Berlin, which possesses the services of such

notable conductors as Arthur Nikisch, Richard
Strauss and Karl Muck, These men are types
of the younger Wagner conductors who have
carried on in glorious fashion the work of that
former generation which is so rapidly disap-
pearing, Munich has Felix  Weingartner, one
of the famous German conductors of the day,
who divides his time between conducting the
Kaim concerts inthe Bavarian capital and the
concerts of the Royal Opera House orchestra
in Berlin. Gustav Mahler of Vienna is grow-
ing daily in the esteem of musicians, and his re-
cent conducting of “Die Meistersinger” haa
placed him in the first rank of German con-
ductors. London is to hear concerts frequently
for the next two years and Felix Mottl of Carls-
ruhe {s to be there for the opera. Little Carli
ruhe is able to keep the services of such a con-
ductor, even if it gets along without the names
of great stars, Paris occasionally bears the
great conductors in concert. Dresden, whieh
is acknowledged to have the best opera in Ger-
many, enjoys the talents of Ernst von Sehuch,
not a specialist like some of the men named,
but a dlatinguished conductor, who is largely
responsible for the efficiency of the opera per-
sonnelinthe Saxon capital. Any one of these men
would come to this country if suffielent reward
was promised to him, It would have to be
considerable, for they are well paid in their
own cities, where the conductor has his right-
ful placa and is regarded as perhaps the most
important factor in the suecessful performe-
ance of the Wagnerian operas, Mr. Grau has
never believed in the importance of the con-
ductor, and for that reason is unerey to pay
the amount necessary to secure one of the fa-
mous conductors of Europe, So the curious
spectacle of Jean and Edouard de Keazke, Er-
nestine Schumann-Heink, Lilian Nordica and
Emma Eames singing the Wagner operas un-
der the direction of a conductor who is not able
to make the best of their splendid talents is to
be met with at the Metropolitan. Such a con-
junction of artists should be dominated by
one of their own rank, There are a dogen of
these men in Europe, and Ernst yon Sehuch’s
one Appearance as an operatic conductor last
winter showed what might be accomplished
even under very disadvantageous circumetances,
Such a situation is difficult to understand,
New York, with its thousands of dollars w
spend on music, is without one of the great
conductors, while it enjoys always the services of
the best singers. And in the Wagner operas
it is distinetly the conductor that determines
the character of the performance,

Teresa Carreno is to return next season
to this country. She will be the soloist at the
first concert of the Philharmonic Society.
Mark Hambourg sailed Wednesday on the Gere
manic, on the eve of bis twenty-first birthday.
He has played in this country during the past
season more than one hundred times. When
Sofia Schalchi again appears in New York,
it will be in one of the continuous vaudeville
theatres. She will probably be heard in the
garden scene from “Faust.”

The peoeree for the Kaltenborn con-
cert to-night includes numbers by Mendels-
sohn, © Moskowsky, Spindelli, Beethoven,
Rossini, Offenbach, Gounod, Rubinstein, Mas-.
senet and = Wagner. Dvyorak's — symphony,
From the New World,” will be played at the
first symphony concert on Tuesday evening.
Following the custom of last year,the prograinme
on Thursday will be devoted chiefly to Wagner's
miuste.

{t is said that Edouard Strauss will include
in his repertoire next season any American
composition worthy of performance. It
should be sent to his manager before Sept. 1.
Here are some interesting opinions on his
Wagnerian roles, which were recently uttered
by Jean de Reszke and have never before been
made public, and in view of the fact that he
has announced his intention not to appear
again as the young Siegfried, his views on that
subject are especially valuable,

“All that L know about Wagner,” M. Jean
de Reszke said in a conversation that had turned
on certain phases of his young Stegfried, “I
have learned from his music and his text.
Possibly if I went to Bayreuth, Mme. Cosima
Wagner or Herr Kniese would tell me that I
should learn to do certain things differently.
But Lam satisfied that there is no better source
of a correct interpretation of the master's
meaning than the works themselves. There
are traditions for some of the réles which cer-
tainly never came from the musie or from
Wagner's poetry, There is a tradition, for
instance, for this young Siegfried, which is
accepted wholly by the press and the publie
that makes the young hero a careless youth
childlike and thoughtless in his gaiety. This,
way of interpreting the réle has been ac-
cepted without question in Germany, and
is already a tradition, But in looking over
the character from a human or musical point
of view, I found myself completely opposed
to this false manner of looking at the character
of Siegfried

“Take the human side of the character,
for instance,” he continued. “Young Sieg-
fried, like all cast-off children, is melancholy.
Born in sorrow and living in terror of Mime,
he goes to the forest to seek the amusements
which his age imposes. With his strength
and the exuberance of his youth it is possible
for him to enjoy moments of the sud-
den aiety which contrasts afford any
normal man. But his accessions of joyous-
ness are rare and of short duration. His melan-
choly ideas quickly return. He searches for
the reason of things and thinks once aga'n
of the dead father and mother whom he had
never seen. When the dragon has been slain
nd Brunnhilde has been conquered, Steg-
ried feels that he has accomplished herole
deeds, only to realize afterward that as with
with all heroic deeds, there follows only a
reater sense of sorrow and melancholy. If
rom the musical point of view one would like
to follow the tradition of animal buoyancy,
that would be impossible while the sad har-
monies constantly recall the real state of
Siegfried’s aoul.”

. de Resake followed the hero from this
point in “Siegfried” to “Goetterdammerung”
and continued the interesting explanation of
hig conception of the character:

f [2 Gostterdammerung, hesaid, ‘it ts Brunne
hilde who is the leading figure in the tragedy.
tis necessary for Stegfried to efface himself,
His annihilation bas begun in thisopera, He is
inapired by Rrunnhilde to all his new exploits,
From her he receives his horse, his arma, So
goon as he arrives at Gunther's house our hero
drinks a beverage which makes him. uneon-
gctous and practically the instrument of others.

he abominable action which he commits {s
indeed done by him under the influence of
others, In the scene of the oath, which Sieg-
fried could not take, for itis not certain that he
recognizes Brunnhilde, he is again under the
spell of others to an extent which makes him
an unconscious actor in the oUpode. I have
never been certain whether Wagner meant
that Siegfried should be wholly Tenorant of
Brunnhilde’s identity when, disguised with the
tarnhelm, he goes to her rock to bring her cap-
tive to Gunther, It has seomed to me that he
is so saturated with her personality, as it were,
that he could not fail to recognize her. Ihave
often discussed that point without ever hav-
ing satisfied myself whether or not Siegfried
knew who she was at these episodes. I believe
that he is aware in a certain way who she is,
byt ecting under the Influence of the drink
which Gutrune gave him, his subjection is too
complete to enable him to resist the influences
After this episode it is necessary as a matter
of artistic honesty for Stegfried to step into the
second place. He must give way to Brunn-
hilde, who becomes more than ever the true
heroine of the work. In his pleasantries with
the Rhine Daughtera there is a touch of the
aad. Fallingintheendby theblow of an assas-
sin, and not in a glorious death, the destruc-
tion of Siegfried as a hero ts complete. Like
all mortals, he has known his day of triumph
and also of defeat 3 ,

“The music which falls te Sienfried in *Goet-
terdammeryng " went on M. de Reszke, “has
at{]l more of the melancholy character. Yn in-
terpreting the rdle, T have again sought to fol-
low what I found in the score and in the text,
T have buried myself in the music to find what
there might be in it to explain the character
of the hero, What Ihave learned may not be
{n accordance with the traditional representa-
tion, but it is what the character of Siegfried
seemstometobe,”

The new tenors at Covent Garden this year
are Imbart de la Tour, Slezak and Bonci. As
M. De la Tour Is to sing here next winter at the
Metropolitan Opera House, it is agreeable to
record that he has made some sort of a success
out of Rhadames, in which he appeared Oret,

Nearly all the famous conductors associated

His acting and presence failed to please,
but his singing was praised Slezak,
|
|
|

   

who is @ Pole and not a German, appeared
first in “Lohengrin” and seems to be
promising if immature. Ais experience has
been very brief. Sig. Bonci has been on the
stage for about ten years. He first came into
notice in St, Petersburg. Now he is regarded
as the best of Italian lyric tenors. Last year
he sang with great success in Naples. He
made his London début in “La Boheme” and
met with complete success, Herr Carlen, @
German tenor from Bremen, failed so completely
as Tannhaiser that he returned home the next
day. M. Saléza seems to have recovered en-
tirely from last year's indisposition and sang
Foust with his accustomed success, This is
good news, for M.Saléza la to return to the United
States next winter if he iain good health. Theo-
dor Bertram, who ia singing for the first ime
in London, has pleased, and Susan Strong s
Venua came in for w and unanimous praise
from the London critios, Edith Walker
American contralto, a pupil of Orgeni, of
den and now a member of the imperial Opera
company at Vienna, made her first London
appearance as Amneria and seems to have been
really successful, so far as one can tell from
the ‘curlous character of London criticiam.
The opera season in London is brief, and the
opportunity for neering many performances
is slight. It is rather to inexperience and a
lack of familiarity. with the quality of a
Singers than to wilful misrepresentation that
— incredible opinions expressed of artists
are due,

Sir George Grove, who died on Monday night,

an
res-

was known chiefly in thia country as the author
of bis “Dictionary of Music and Musicians,

which is to-day the standard work on that sub-
fort, but he had won distinction abroad in other
fleids,
Clapham in
engineer an

He was born on August 18, 1820, at
He was educated a8 an

yullt the first cast-iron lighthoure
on Morant Point, Jamaica, In 1850 he became
Secretary of the Society of Arts, Two years
later he was made Secretary of the Crysta
Palace Company and pore that porition untl
atter vear he joined the Boar

of Directors of the oun y. Before this
time he had become well known as a writer
He was an editor of
had
“Dictionary

jurrey.

1878. In the

on various toples,
Macmillan'a Magazine,
many parta to Smith's
Rible” and had heen twice to P
in behalf ofthe Palestine Exploration
He wrote a primer of geography alxo, but none
of these literary enterprises compared in im-
portance to the musical dietionary by which
ie ix known to so many persons. Many of the
best articles that this work contains were written
by Sir Grove himself, He was appointed a
director of the Royal Col of Music in 1882
and was pnighted one year later,

Mme. Pattl is to give but one concert at Albert
Hall this season. That number proved sufficient
to supply the demand last year.

contributed
{ the

Jean Lassalle has finally retired from the
stage and will soon begin to tench singing in
Paris. He will have what he calls a private
conservatoire and pupils who prepare for the
stage under his direction will have the oppor-
tunity to appear in operas by young compor-
ers found worthy of performance in Lassalle’s
private theatre, after they have been sub-
mitted to the distinguished barytone. Las-
talle is a man of wealth and the fact that he
intends to continue at work is evidence of his
prudence rather than of any lack of means.
He invested his earnings carefully, owns con-
siderable real estate in Paris and has valua-
ble naphtha lands in Denmark. His theatre
may be like that famous edifice erected by
Jean de Reszke one winter afternoon in the
Gisey House in the presence of a group of
reporters, rather a wish than a settled deter-
mination, But M. Lassalle declares that he
will have his private conservatoire,

Marie Brema has been singing German lieder

in Paris, to the delight of her audiences. She
sang chiefly the compositions of Schumann
and Schubert. Teresa Tosti, an [tallan singer
well known in Germany, recently gave ue
bert’s cycle “Die Schéne Miallerin” in Ger-
man for the first time. The performance
was preceded by an explanation in_ French
of the character of the songs. Nadine Papajan
a young Russian Cy of Mme. Marches,
hak been engaged as atic soprano at the
Russian Opera in St, Petorsburg. Fngle-
bert Humperdinck is in Paristo superintend
the production of “Hansel und Gretl” at the
Opera Comique, The distribution of rélea
is admirable. Marie Delna ia to sing the
witch. HNumperdinck’s was sung first
in 1807 at Bordeaux andlast year at Nantes
and Rouen. It is recalled that composer
was once arrested in Paris. He went thero
to attend the Exposition of 1889 and was ar
rested by one of the guards for photogre -
ing the Fifel Tower. He was released when
the plates were handed over to the polloe.
Pietro Mascagni’s new oper. he Mask,”
is to be heard first next fall at the Scala in Mi-
lan and the Cosanzi in Rome, The opera
will be sung in. both cities on the game eve-
ning. This is done in order that an unfavor-
able opinion in one town may not interfere
with the success in the other, Critical judg-
mont in Rome or Milan is likely to hava a mu-
tual effect, and for this reason Mascagni and

Sonvogno want the work heard simultane-
ously in the two cities. The Italian com-
poser’s ill luck seems to pursue him. “Iris”

lead already, while

seems to be practically
Puccini and Taon-

the works of Giordano,
cayallo are more in
were several years ago, poin|
writing his “Marie Antoinette
Melba. The same thing was ‘ positively
said of “La Tosca.” But Mme. Ternina ia to
sing the operain London. The orchestra from
La Scala isto give concerts early next autumn
in France, Germany and Austria. [Toscanin
will be the conductor.

singing in Vienna. They produced Giordano's
“Fedora,” which was very well received. The
audience was large and the music pleased crit-
ical taste to some extent, (iordano conducted
the performance and waa called with the two
leading singers before the curtain, Few recent
Italian works seem to have met with such favor
in Germany. The opera has been sung in a
number of German cities, Richard Strauss
haa recently published a set of songs with piano
accompaniment and a number of quartets
for male chorus. Herman Levi, the Wagner
conductor who recently died in Munich, was
buried there the other Gay, without religious
ceremonies, inacoordance with his own wishes,
The Wagner romy whie' is now in
ltuiy, Was represen y Franz Kniese. MM.
lenbach, Possart, Weingartner and other dis-
tinguished residents of Munich were present
at his funeral. ror five years levi was the
only conductor of “Parsifal.” During his life-
time, he was in the habit o! Lae ign it.
ing his father who lived at G eaaeh, w evi
was born, to apend some time in = there,
His Tether occasionally visited Munich and
told there intereating stories of Levi's youth.
It seems that as a child hel to play the
violin, but had no great taste ot ome took
his first lessons reluctantly, ed @ great passion
for mugic which later marked his life came to
him suddenly, He married ate tp Ble a worn
whom he had been evel to for years. She
was a friend of his youth, but later married a,
teacher in Munich, ter his death she be-
came the wife of Levi.

 

The Hard Work of Congressmen.
From the Independent.

Let those who are blissfully ignorant laugh at
Congressmen for the easy time they have at
Washington, Only those who have been
through the mill know how hard a Congrens-
man must work if he {s to fulfll his publio
duties, A hard-working Senator said to mea the
other day: "I might have made $50,000 during
my term in the Senate If [had given as much
atteniion to my private business as I have given
to the public business,” The amount of work
which is laid upon 5 Member or Senator ts
simply enormous, What with the demand for
pensions, Post Offices, documents, free \
applications for promotion or discharge jn the
Army, and many other things, a Member's time
may be taken up with the exactions of his daily
mail, A good clerk may be of immense help,
but some Senators employ two or three, an
then find there is a great deal which they must
answer or attend to In person,

The daily seasions from 12 to about § take up
half a day, and committee meetings often take
up the other half for two or three days in the
week, Itis hard to tell when the busiest Mem-

ers, who are never absent from a seasion or

rom a committee meeung, fin time to prepare

the elaborate speeches which they sometimes
deliver, It is not strange, then, thatso few
Members of either chamber are found in the
reading rooms devoted to them in the Con-
greasional Library, When they want hooks
from that or any other depository they have
them sent to their homes,

Theroll of industrious Benators is a long
one. There are vory few who loaf and invite
their soula. There are men who apply them-
selves from morn till night with a diligence
that is unremitting. It would be hard to
@ man anywhere who cen beat Benator Coek-
rel in this matter of industry. He work ike
a beaver. He keeps in close touch with his
constituenoy, Senators Allison, Hale fs Cul-
lom, of the Committee on Appropriatigna, are

I} hard workers. Senator Perking ia a terror
n this respect, although not terrible in any
other, He keeps three secretaries jumping
the more because he has had for a large port of
the session to do the work for his own State
unaided by a colleague, and because from his
long connection with the commerclal jaterente
of Alaska he has manv appeals rom that dis-
thet. No one keeps closer track of the course
of meenen in ¢ 4 Senate n Senator

pooner on the Repu fs: or no
the pespourene and each ¢ them 'bliged
to wa y'

other,

    

 

 

669 PERSONS KILLED AND 890 INe
JURED LAST YEAR,

The Largest Number of Deaths Due to Light-
aing Ever Recorded in This Country-A
Namber Killed Witheet Any External Sign
eof Injury—Five Victime ef One Stroke.
The facta collected by the Weather Bureau
show that the loss of life by lightning in this
country last year was greater than in any
year since statistics began to be collected.
Five hundred and sixty-two persons were
killed instantly or suffered injuries from
which death soon resulted, and 820 persons
were injured, many of them suffering from
physical shock, others from painful burns and
others from temporary paralysia of some part
of the body. The most common form of Ine
jury resulting from Nghtning seems to be the
paralysis of the arms or legs.

In Prof, Henry's report om the cagualtios of
the year he says there were some femarkatie
escapes from death. In some cases the
clothing of the person struck was set on fire and
the body was scarred or burned; however,
complete recovery followed. It is not easy te
explain how these persons escaped death, and
there is still much uncertainty as to the maze
ium voltage that can be applied to the human
body without fatal result.

In some cases of death the body of the person
struck showed no external marks of the dise
charap and death seems to have resulted from
complete collapse of the cellular tissues. Ip
many cases, however, the cause of death was
made apparent by the discoloration and
burning of various parts of the body. One
singular case was that of two brothers who
were killed while driving together In a dog cart,
They were found lying side by side on the road
just as they had fallen out of the back of the
vehicle, The elder brother bad no external
sign of injury. The skin of the younger

 

brother was burned in a number of small, cite

cular holes over the chest and abdomen and the
back was burned from the neck to the hips.
The metalic collar stud was fused and the skin

beneath it was deeply burned, The walstcoas
and shirt were charred, but the coat was une
injured, No signs of disturbance of the ground

could be seen,

It is usually supposed that the damage ts
done bya single bolt, but it is often dificult
to explain the casualties on this theory. Thus,
in one case last year a span of horses attached
10 @ Wagon and a man in the rear of the wagon
were killed while the driver, who was aitting bee

tween the horses and the man, was not seriously

hurt. This case and others of a similar nature
seem to confirm the belief that not one but @
number of discharges may reach the ih
within a comparatively small radius 1
which there may be small areas of safety,
Photographs of the so-called ribbon fias

show that at times the discharge is from thirty
to forty feet wide at thesurface of the earth,
There appear to be narrow lanes within these

broad paths that are free from violent di
turbance.

near by might be killed.

The greatest number of fatalities, or 45
cent. occurred in the open: the next greates'
number, 84 per cent., occurred in : |
per cent., occurred under trees; and the leas’
of all, ® per cent., in barns.

A dozen persons, mostly women, were killed

either while taking clothes from wire lines or

while near the lines during a thunderstorm, It

is well known that in the cities many wire cone
wellings

vs
ahbor-

If wire is used at all, it should not be
stretched within fifty feet of a dwelling hours.

lines are extended between the

trees or the back fence. Prof. Hen
that this is a source of danger ape tag
should never connect a house with a ne!
ng tree.

Here are some precautions
ed during thunderstorms.

» safest place ia probably the middle of t

roo n the open, perso: ver
the shelter of See. Wire ences and live
atock should be avoided.

by a single stro *, a ning, snare w
me case of fow' rom
stroke, re ~—_ a three deaths and sever

CARER 0 .
“area! of fatalities

The greatest number
in Pennsylvania, where here were

Tn both these States there
ally large num
May. In - whole ery, ee re
reest number of casua ci
(ere and August. Bocpmber was the
month withou
rs}
r, three in January,
The atatiatics of 1808 and i show that f'
umber of fatalities by lightning in any region
by no meana in rtion to
thunderstorm days.
ample, where the increase in deat!
over 1808 was about 140

however,

one Fe!

Pe cent., there were
fewer thunderstorm days in 1800 than in 1808,

 

LARCHMONT SPRING REGATTA,

 

Te Will Be Satied on Long Island Sound on

Saturday, June 16.

The epring reaatta of the Larchmont 1

for races in all classes in which two yachts
start, a second if four yachts start and e third
prize if five start. There were five classes for
schooners. twelve for sloops, three for eatboata,
Entries must be made
to the regatta committee, John F, Levejoy,

Club will be sailed on Saturday, June 16.
regatta {s an open one and prizes are

and one for raceabouta.

H. W. Coates and Frank Hardy, at the Laroh-

mont fiub house not later than 8 P.M. on Thure»
u

E
is

steamer

oi
- i od o'o »
om re Clarence A. Peatiey i
=a Worar sommotors in. is
Fee oe Rata toa Sak
na

, June 14,

“Bach yacht owner will recetve an
containing in detail instructions reg
crew, fittings, ballast, start, ot ng
time race, courses, &c,., on the mo
the race by applying at the of
Committee. preparatory

at 14.20 oct k and the
e clu

aly
vo ouse at

will

fleet captain,

 

Expert Knowledge About Log Jams, ‘

From the New Orleans Times-Democrat.
“A log jam is one of the most formi
‘oblema we have to encounter in our
usiness,” said a Missisaippi Jumberman. °
several big ones on the Pascagoulp and
tributaries this year and a tremendous
some distance above Moss Point was dy
only last wee
“” ow

dozen logs will become wedged

an
narrow part of a stream an in fess t ime
fe takes me to tell it hyndeone of
will come swooping Cows and pack
in an intricate, close-knit span, rs ing rom

rock,

peak to bank, and alinost as 60 as a

he force they exert ie eprosthlng mare
ret. During a recent jam in my section I
saw a

of | lunge under the edge of t
blockade, anda Pow seoonds later

thelr way up throug th yory m .
pack, tossing timbers as big around as a
waist into the al M 9 09 many tootaeiess, t a
noise they mai as they

mass was simply deafening. It

the solid earth was being torn up te

tions. When the logs passed under

they were evidently caught in suc

etill further obstruct the impr

and were hurled upward with all

energy of millions of gallons of rushing wee
‘The breaking of a jam is a very tic!

operation and seems to be large a Rew

instinct with old rivermen e lines

angles of strain in such a bloc!

pliicat

Apt to go wrong in indicating the proper po

of attack A veteran pomopemen, on the cone

00,
ey log.’

when it is blown out or pried out,
almost every instance, will brea

nd then point out the

trary, will often takea the
ticn prntoat the Roig the Nay tog
the timber on which the strain centres, an

the

o who could locate a key loa ping times
of ten. He couldn't read or write, knew no
ing about engineering and was un ble to exe
plain how he arrived at his conclusions,
said it ‘came kinder nach’rul.’’

   

HAY FEVER
ASTHMA

Prevented —relieved-—cured
Our method will stand investigation,

Don't wait until attack ts on before beginning

treatment

Prevention guaranteed those who come in ime

to our treatment rooms
Specia! attention paid to treatment by mail.
Every case under supervision of our physician,
Write for examination blank and testimonials,
KUTHYMEN CHEMICAL COMPANY,
Treatment Rooms 610 Fifth Ave,

wEWYORR ,

VICTIMS OF LIGHTNING,~~

A person standing in one of these
Janes might escape serious injury while othere

‘ersons in a house

Beenone ina hon
should avoid chimneys and open windows.

If on horseback,
it Is wise to dismount and wait until the storm

passes away.
In one ps J last vear five persona were killed

occurred
itty aie
deaths: and there were forty-one in Illinois,

of fatalities in the'month of

June,
only
a casualty, though only two

were killed in i four in Novem=
and " ry.

~ = porter A
nnaylvania, for ex-
rense in’ deaths in. 1800

ik.
in is diMoult t in: Af ‘
they begin is ou opin .

oof the
or the Jame
ved roar,

are 20 2
that the best engineer in the wo

up itself

I bad an old fellow in my employ a few os
@

“et

=