oA

ae

Rae

eee

nal

i
;
4

      

6 a a ee qa

t=

—

 

 

 

——

 

THE GOTH UNDER COL, DUFFY,

 

First Lieut. H, FE. Evans, on Col, Duffy's Stoff,
Badiy Hert by a Fall From Hiy Horse
~Gov, Roosevelt's Coming Visit-He Is to
Have a Ride on the Finest Horse in Camp.

PREKSKILL Derot, N. ¥., June2.—The State
camp of instruction opened to-day and
opened withanaccident) First Lieut. 1. bh
Evans, {nstructor in sinall arms practice and
@ member of Col. Duffy's staff of the Sixty-ninth
Regiment, was thrown from his horse as he was
riding into cainp with the regiment a little after |
2 o'clock this afternoon, and was 60 badly
out, bruised and shaken up thathe ia confined
to the hospital! and possibly may have to re-
turn to the elty before the regiment, whieh
fe booked to remain until next Saturday,

Lieut. Evans, who isa heavy man, weighing
over 230 pounds, had just reached the crest of
Battery Hillon the way up from Roa Hook
when his horse took fright at the cheers and
etir in the Twenty-second Regiment's camp in-
cident to the welcome of the Sixty-ninth.

The Lieutenant seemed from the start to lose
all control of the animal, which went at afurlous
gallop up past the mess hall, Here there isa}
sharp curve in the road and the animal swung
around it at a mad peace, heading for the
stables. The saddieslipped and Lieut. Evans
was sent with a terrific fall againsta heavy
post. He struck partly on his face and
partly on his shoulder, His lips were badly
out, his forehead gashed and his entire
body bruised and shaken, He was picked up
partly insensible, and {t waa thought at first
that his skull was fractured. This proved not
to be the case and curiously enough no hones |
were broken. Dr. Emmett of the Sixty-ninth
éaid this ovening that {t was too soon to tell
what the reault will be

For the first time in the history of the Peeks-
kill camp two regiments are quartered here in
separate camps at the same time. The Twenty-
second Regtment, under Col Bartlett, as-
sembled at their armory a@ little after 7
this morning and got to the cup
about 11 o'clock. They pitched — their
tents on Battery Hill, where they will remain
until Monday morning, when they will march to
Lake Mohegan, seven miles away. They wll
take their tents and oamp outfit with them and
gv in heavy marching order, the same as though
they were in the field. They will remain at
the lake until Wednesday when they will re-
turn as they came and the Sixty-ninth will take

the same tramp, returning on Saturday
When the Twernty-seoond gets back here they
will take the camp now occuy ied by the Sixty- |
ninth in front of the parade grounds and when
the Sixty-ninth men return they willwo tothe

  

attery Till barracks, where the
wenty-second = is now encamped
Major-Gen. Roe and his staff oceupy. tents

back of the headquarters building and take
their meals in the mess hall instead of in the
headquarters building, as was the case wit!
General and his stalf in sore olber years |
The event of next week in the camp lathe
visit of Gov, Roosevelt. The Governor will leave |

hthe |

the Grand Central station at 45° on
Monday morning and will reach the |
camp about 10) o'A@lock. "By special ure |
rangement with the railroad company |
the train will stop at Koa Mook seo that
the Governor will not go through Peeks- |
kill streets, but wili get to the camp by |
the direct road up from the river over
which the regiments come and co Gen

|

Roe and an escort will eet the Governor who
will bea received in cainp with the usual tiring of
@alutes and other honurs, After ashort stay in
camp he will set out on horseback, riding Black
Prince, one of the best horses in camp, and try
to overtake the Twenty-second Kegiment |
before it reaches Lake Mohewan. If he does |
not overhaul the regiment on the road he
will get to if soon after it goes into
camp. Here he will remain for a tine
end then return to the Peekskill
mp until about 4:30 when he will catch the
Aibany yer which leaves the Grand Central
tation at 3:30 and will be under orders to stop
at Roa Hook It is expected that Adjutant-
General Hoffman wil also be here at the time
of the Governor's visit
Barring the unfortunate accidentto Tieut,
Evans everything has gone off smoothiv and
themen of both regiments are in excellent
health and spirits, The feature of the afternoon
wes the double dress parade of the two
regiments, which began before 6 o'clock and
did not end nntilafter7, The Twenty-second
Regiment came out first and went through the
exercises so well that the regiment, throug Col.
Bartlett. was highly complimented by Gen, Koe.
Then the Twenty-second retired and the men
gathered on the hillside to the east of the
camp to see the Sixty-ninth go through its
paces. Col. Duffy had every reason to be
proud of the showing his regiment made,
and when both regiments have had two
or three more days of ft and get fully
nlimbered ard settled down to work they will
ea body of soldiers worth coming to Peeks-
kill to see. The men had a ha ¢ day of it
fn the muggy heat. Inthe evening, however, |
they were still fricky enough to have the |

 

 

TWO REGIMENTS IN CAMP.

; Judge Choate Presents to the Senate Commit
THE 22D UNDER COL, BARTLETT AND |

‘
ha

able to tind these, he said, ina very
evamination ¢

Rear

JUDGES DEFEND HAZEL.

tee the Bar Association's Protest.

WasHInoron, June 2.—The Committee of the
New York City Bar Association, appointed to
appeur in protest againat the confirmation of
John R. Hazel, nominated as Judge of the newly
created Western Judicial district of New York,
went before the sub-committee of the Senate
Judiciary Committee this morning and pre-
sented the action taken by the association, Judge
Wildman G, Choate acted as spokesman of the
committee, others of whom were Chairman
Robert W, De Forest. John 1. Cadwalader,James
C. Carter, Everett P. Wheeler, Henry W. Taft
and George Rives, Judge Choate presented a cer-
titled copy of the proceedings of the New York
Bar Association at Thursday night's meeting,
including a copy of the resolutions adopted
protesting against the confirmation of Hazel's
nomination

The testimony in the yacht Enquirer case,
in which Havel admitted that he received $5,000
for selling it to the Government, was placed be-
fore the sub-committee and slight reference
was made to this phase of the question, Mr.
Hazel’s supporters also placed on file his affi-
davit, saying that he recetved $5,000 for his ser-
vices for selling the yacht to the Government
for $80,000 for W. J. Conners of Buffalo and
Claiming that amount as a fair fee,

Judge Choate said: “Now that I have pre-
sented to you the action taken by the Bar Asso-
ciation of the City of New York at its recent
meeting, | may be excused if 1 make a tew re-

marks upon the standard which I think the
the Comittee Will adnmut it should be the effort
of tis all to uphold in considering candidates for
places uponour bench, Far be it from ine to say
that political activity is necessarily to be con-
sidered as prejudioiad to a candidate, But the
truining school of the Judge is in the practice
ot faw. tle need not necessarily be a great
trial lawyer, a great jury lawyer, or @ great
office lawyer, but he should have @ training at
le practice of the law and have devoted his
mind to consideratiog of its practices Wy order
to fit hiuself to be a judge of the law. — It las
been said that Mr. Hazel may learn to be, and
in time rnay be, agood Judge. ITgrant that such
thins bave happeued But, gentlemen of the
Senate, at Whose risk Is this chanee lo be taken
wud What isto happen if he does not learn to be
a wood Judge? Khe New York bar is utterly
removed [rom local prejudice in this matter
aud cousiders Mr. Hazel absolutely upon the
evidence it las before it of his fitness for this
place. ‘This is @ bot-partisa protest in the
interest of the people of not only the State
of New York but of the whole country, to guard
aguinst a degradation of the bench.”

Senator Davis then said that the purpose of
the meetiig was accomplished and that this

  

would colsequem ty end the hearing 7
Kepresentative Alexander, who accompanied

the a legation of Judges and Buffalouians whe

were present lo advocute Hazel’s case, asked

that the sub-cotimittee listen to an answer
by Mr Hazels friends to the presentation of the
New York Bar Assocyition, This wus granted,
and ex-Judge Lewis of the Buflalo Municiy

Court said heremenberedot Mr Hazel’strying
hundreds of cases before hin during ten years
up to 890, The oluer Judges to speak were
Judges Hateh and Woodward, now sitting io
New York city and Brookiyn, and Judges
Hooker, Kenefick, Laéwis and Quackenbush,
some of the Supre rtofthe State of New
I idother Courtsof Kecordin northern
and western New York hey uniformly exe
pressed their high admiration of Mr. Hazel

 

meCout

   

| Judge Quackenbush refuted the charge that

Mr. ifazel had ied only four cases in the last
ten years. He sad that Mr, Hazel's law firm
HAs eleveneasesonthecalendar forthe present
vear and cited something like eight or ten
ases in the higher courts in which Mr. Hazel

uypeared the last ten years, having been
hurried
{ the records

Some of the Judges made the point that ac-

cording to the context of the law creating the
Western Distriot of New York, its Judee would
nothavethetimetositin New York city
} tionSofthe bill, providing that the Judge must

Sec-

vold court at least two weeks of every month

al Buffalo, unless business was sooner disposed
of, was quoted inmaking this point.

Mr. Bocker, Mr. Hazel's first law partner, ex-

(lained in answering @& Question of Senator
Pettus as to whether aJudge could be properly
confined, as lt were, to his district

“Now York elty has robbed us of our Judges,

not only Federal, but State for years, and the
very object we had in asking that this new dis-
trict be created was to provide ourselves with
a Federal Judge before whom we could havea
chance to bring our cases without running all
over the State after them.”

Senator Depew and Senator Hoar, chairman

of the Senate Midiciary Committee, sat in the
room throughout the hearing

TNE SALE OF THE YACHT ENQUIRER.

Admiral Rodgers Recommended the
Purchase by the Government for $80,000,

WASHINGTON, June 2.--In answer to the criti-

cisms of the Navy Department, growing out of
the charge that Jolin K
| ceived a fee of $5,000 for arranging the sale of
the yacht Enquirer to the Government in the
war with Spain, and that the Enquirer was
bought by

Hazel of Buffalo re

the Department for $80,000 and

usual impromptu concert and general camp fun j offered for aale by it for $20,000, It was asserted

But the Peekskill camp is a distinctly different
affair from what it was in the old days when
war was only a possibility vaguely remote
War has coine and gone and the men have |

seen service and know that there is |
something in soldiering besides were holiday
outing.

atinosphere about the routine of camp tife
noticeably diferent from that of the days |
rior to 1898 But the National Guardsmen |
ke their soldlering mora seriously andin their |
camp life give a more realistic picture of |
what military matters are and should be the |
public seems to take jess interest in what goes
on in camp than was the case when soldiers |

nuniforin were more of a novelty than they
ave been during the past two veare,
The visitors to camp were few and far |
between to-day and although there probably
will be a good many herrea Monday when Coy

Roosevelt arrives yet it is sate to predict thit
the entire number of visitors of the week vill
be smaller than often came in two dass before
the war wih Spair And oon the other
hand the soldiers theniselves do not take the in- |

terest in visitors that they didonee. They are |
here for hard work ond cold business, for the
most part, and are tlainiy infused with the
ambition and earnestness of purpose which is
noticeably characteristic of the National Guard |

since Gen, Roe took command |

LITTLE BOTHER FOR CENSUS WEN.

And It’s Not the Poor Quarters or
Foreign Quarters What Provide It.

Fight of the 1,100 United States census enu-

the

merators employed in Manhattan and The
Bronx handed in their res gnaiion yester-
day alter one day's work. They said that

they were not physically titfor the job, and as
all of them produoed physicians’ certificates to
that effect their resignations were accepted,
Another enumerator sent in his resignation
without any certificate, As he lad taken 150
Names on the first day, Supervisor Wilbur cone
cluded that he was just tir: dand told him that
if he aid not goto work he would be arrested
and arraignedin «a United States court. The
res gnation was withdrawn at once

Of the thousands of persons questioned ves-
teriay few made any fuss. One was the butler

fa family that had gone out of town, leaving

im to care for the house. He had evidently

n wound up for the summer tosay “Not at |
ome” and nothing else, and he would not un-
nd for a Government questioner The other

WO persons who would not comply with the law |
at firat were woman }

“One on the East Side and one on the West |

ide, and both rich, well known and surrounded |

servants,” said Supevisor Wilbur last |
night. The two women and the butler were all |
convinoed later in the day by special agents |
> teverything was oll right, and the destred
ormation was secured,

Thomas W. Landis of 117 Waverley place, A
census enumerator, had no tronble in his work
Zorterdag until he reached the boagding hotse at

7? East Tenth street last might. There he |
tted to aak the regular Saneeee of Thomas
liott, 60 years old, one of the boarders, biliott

aid that the questions were impertinent and

Ollowed up this remark by punching Landis in

the nose. Pollcaman Prince arrested Eiliott on
a charge of assault and locked him up in the
Fifth street station

Asa preliminary to taking the census, Super-
visor Wilbur went to the minaters and priosta
of all the foreign churches on the Hest Side and
asked them toexplain to their) parishioners
what the census wes for and to ad-
viee them to answer the questions
of the enumerators. Advance census stories
were printed in all the foreign newspapers

ublished in this city, and as aresult of this
louble precaution the enumerators have not

d the slightest difficulty in the foreign quar-

te
ne hundred and fifty of the 1,100 enumer-
ators failed yesterday to comply with the rule
makea daily report of their work to the
Ss They will hove to explatn toemor-
Stet

morning to the special agenta of their
ota. obese
Steaben County Republican Nominations,
HOSNELLSVILLE, N. Y., June 2.--The Steuben
County Republican Convention, held at the

 

House this afternoon, nominated Monroe
Fre Frank ledges of Bradford for

of Hammond-port for Surrogate, [ix-
in yman Merritt F. Smith of Hornelisyiie
id Dr. J. E. Hasson of Bath
of How for Coroners,
RO ed Was repre-
Wi

 

| chase

| gvreanu
| referred to in the correspondence between the

| to-day that the last-named sum did not repre-
| sent the price of the vessel complete in all re-
| spects as she was when obtained by the Govern-
ment for $80,000
' shows that the Enquirer was offered for $100,000

The official correspondence

Thero is a serious and business-like | to the Government through the Naval Board of
Tospe Chol,
owner

by W. J. Conners of Buffalo, her
This offer was declined by Mr. Roose
velt, then Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
Later, the price was reduced to $80,000, Rear
Adwiral Rodgers, President of the Board of In-
speetion, telegraphing to Mr Roosevelt that it
wasa “fair price delivered in Bostonor New
York, ‘thatahe was"'the bes! boutof her draught
we have seen,” and recommending her pure
On April 27 Rear Admiral Rodgers sent
another telegram to Mr. Roosevelt reconmend-
in $9,000 be paid for the Enquirer on
oon that the owner inerease her coal
capacity at lis owu expense, This Mr. Conners
agreed to do and to deliver the vessel at Boston
or New York

Atter the war the Navy Department stripped
the Enquirer of all her Atting , Including guns,
dynamo and equipment, and used this material
orother purposes This left practically only
ropty hull, andshe was appraised in that
cond}tion at 820,000, that being the lowest price
the Government would take for her. She was
not seld, however, but was turned over to the
War Department. At tho time of her appraise.
ment her engines ha! become used up from hard
work in the warand it would have cost from
$15,000 to $20,000 to replace them.

ne tha

tition

   

FROM THE STEAMSHIP TO JAIL,

A Roamapian Bank Has Stear I. N, Unga.
reanu Arrested Here,

Alfred Geissler, the German Consul, waa in-
formed a few days ago that a man who owed
the Banque Agricole of Rowmania 60,000 franes
would arrive here on the steamer Kaiser Fried-
rich. He was requested to have the man ar-
rested ina civil proceeding to recover the money,
The man’s name was given as Sieur I. N. Ungue
reanu, and he had been employed by the bank,

(s soon as the Kaiser Friedrich reached her
pier in Hoboken on Friday Consul Geissler ap-
peared with Deputy Marshal Leavitt and Deputy

Sherif! Walgering, and they confronted Un-
He denied that he was the person

Consul and the Roumanian bank ahd pretenden

that they bad been misled, the officers wen

away, saying that they had provably made a
mistake. They followed Ungureanu, how-
ever, and Walwering arrested him after he had
crossed to New York. He was arraigned before
Justice Andrews In the Suprame Court, and
being unable to furnish $12 000 bonds was com

mitted to Ludlow Street Jail, Seven thousand
dotlars in coin and Bank of England notes were
found in his possession,

Consul Geissler said yesterday that steps
would be imimediately taken for the extradition
of Ungureanu in a criminal proceeding. The
prisoner sald be had a good defence to the action
which he would not at present disclose.

 

BIG GAME PRESERVE AT ISLIP,
To Be Stocked with Imported as Well as Na-
tive Birds and Antmals,

Isurp, L. 1, June 2—A number of wealthy
men interested in sport have combined and
propose to breed game on a@ large scale on
Long Island. They have purchased a track of
open and wooded land in the town of Isilp
estiiuated to contain 1,200 neres, It is watered
by several streama and ponds, The New York
State Game Preserving and Acclimatization
Association has been tnoorporated for the pur-
pose of carrying out the plan, The preserve |
aiready stocked with deer, rabbite, quail an

vartridge of Dative grow it is proposed to
i port English pheasants of the ordinary and
Albino species, Prench partridges, European
bares, Syrian partridge, teal, caper calisle,
ptarmigan, south grouse and Black Forest roe
deer. Contracts have already been made for
large numbers of game, and thev will be
liberated during the fall months, One object
of the association is to sell live game to sporung
clubs and owners of preserves

Freight Trains Collide at Glen Weod,

Yongrns, June 2.—One freight train ran {nto
the rear of another on the Hudson River rail-

road near Glen Wood station at about 11 o'c!
this morning. Two care were
raffle on the southbound track was

four hours,

ee eee

   

EE

CALUMET AND HECLA FIRE.

WORK SUSPENDED IN MICHIGAN'S
MOST FAMOUS COPPER MINE.

 

 

Losses Estimated at Millions—No Telling When
the Fire May Be Extinguished—Not All of
the Mine Affected, However—The Mine's
Profits Have Been $20,000 a Day.

Hovauton, Mich., June 2.—The sensation of
the week in the Lake Superior copper district,
and in mining cireles generally, is the fire
which broke out Sunday in the Calumet and
Heola mine. It was discovered by the under-
ground watchman in No, 2 Hecla shaft at the
twentieth level, 2,000 feet below surface, shortly
before 7 P. M. A crew of twelve men was
immediately sent wnderground to close
the fire doors, which are provided be-
tween each of the shafts on the various
connecting drifta, but the men were over-
come by the large volume of gas from the
burning wood before this work was finished
and one pipeman in the party, William McRae,
died shortly after being brought to the surface
and five others were badly overcome and taken
to the company’s hospital. A specially devised
oxygen apparatus for resuscitating workmen
overcome by gas or powder smoke was used
with great success, being brought by the physi-
clans to the mouth of the shaft and applied as
soon as the rescued miners reached surface.
again. This probably saved the lives of two of
the five men totally overcome.

As a result of the failure to close ail the fire
doors connecting No. 2 Hecia with adjoining
sLafta the gas began filling the entire mine
within a few hours and the shafts were sealed
by placing heavy timbers across the shaft ten
feet below surface and tamping dirt in the
crevices, the mass being given a top dre-sing
of wet clay. Seon afterward gas begun pour-
ing from innumerable crevices adjoining the
burning shaft which was already on fire from
the seventeenth down to the twenty-third level,
a distance of 000 feet, but each vent was stopped
with clay as soon as located, The South Hecla
or Black Hills portion of the mine being un-
connected with the Calumet and Hecla
branches is unaffected and working as usual,
but ail work underground is suspended in the
two branches first named, including the famous
Red Jacket vertical shaft which required ten
years to construct ata cost of several million
dollars and was begun in 1880 immediately
after the last big fire waa put out, for the
special purpose of opening the lode at another
point in such manner that work there could be
carried on even though other portions of the
mine were on fire, It was deemed ex-
pedient, however, several years ago, to
conuect the deep Red Jacket vertical with
the older workings in order to secure

adequate ventilation, the rock temperature at
the botiom of the shaft, only $80 feet lens than
atull mile below surface, being 87 6-10 degrees
Fahrenheit This heat, in connection with the
acidulated weter, rendered work in the iower
levels of the deep shaft so difficult and painful
that a voluntary bonus of one-third was paid
the miners who sunk the last 600 feet in depth

This is the fourth big fire in the Calumet aod
Hecla, the precedin, res having ocourred in
1884, 1887 and 1888. Like the three fires pre: ed-
ing, it waa discovered on Sunday evening,
shortly aftera tiinber wang had ieft the mine.
The company has watchmen patroting the en-
tire mine andacomplete underground system
of fire alarma, water pipe and fire hose, chem-
ical extinguishers and fire doors. Were it de-
sired by an enemy to set the mine on fire, a
few moments after 6 o'clock on Sunday evening
would alive the beat prance of the fire maining
strong headway before discovery, and it has
been at this ;articular hour of the day and day
of the week that all four fires have broken out.
It is also rather remarkable that all of thase
four fires have ocourred ata critical period in
the copper market, when prices were falling
and the crippling of the world’s richest pro-
ducer of copper would necessarily accrue to the
advantage of every other copper mine.

It is impoesible to predict how long the fire
will last or the damage It will do. It takes but
asmall fire in a shaft to either ruin or greatly
damage that shaft, opbedially when 80 deep as
in this district. In the light of the history of
the past three experiences it seems probable
the present fire will last several weeks, if not
longer. | may become necessary to drown
out the flames with carbonic acid gas, aa
was done twelve years ago, when al) the
gas generated yf monster lime kiln
was gathered in 500-horse power boilers and
forced under ground through a 4-inch pipe
under heavy pressure, the boilers serving
exactly the same purpose as the steel tanks,
containing the same gas, from which soda
fountains are charged The extent of Gamuge
done can only be guessed at—none of the
officers of the company can do more than guess

 

a SN

until the fire is out, the shafts unsealed and |
careful examination made, The conglomerate |

reef on which the mine is opened requires
extra heave timbering and the shafts are
easily injured by the coming tomether of
the foot and hanging walla through any weak-
en ng of the supporting umber which {« not
promptly detected and remedied. The mine
still producing from the South Heola and coul<
get out perhaps 1,500 tons of rock daily from
the shafta opened on the Csceola amyadaloid
within a few days after stopings were begun, so
that the property will not cease being a pro-
ducer, no matter how ‘ong the fire may
lat, although production will necessarily
be largely curtailed until the main portions of
the mine can be worked again. The com-
pany haa large stores of surplus mineral, which
ss the crude copper with adhering gangue
of worthless rock as it comes from tbe
stamps, to keep ita smelters running at South
Lake Linden and Black Rock, Buffaio, so that
all contracts for deliveries can be met promptly
for many months to core, even should the fire
rage much eer than seems probable. ‘The
Calumet and Hecla has about fittv-two bun-
dred employees in all departments and a fire of
long continuation would prove a very serious
matter to the labor, though, asin former fires,
the policy of the company will te undoubtedly
to keep their men, eveni yous have to be made
out: { the whole cloth, to give them at least par-
tial employment

The effectof several weeks of fire will un-
donbtedly be disastrous on the stock. Calumet
and Heecla shares shrunt $5,000,000 In value on
Monday and Tuesday of this week, and a few
weeks’ continuance of the trouble would un-
doubtedly force the shares to $600 or even
lower, as against an avernge price of $750
maintained for a year past. The FA feoapn | an-
nounced on Tuesday hist was but $10 per share,
or an even million, against the quarterly dis-
bursement of $20 which shareholders have

rown to exject within the past two years.
receding fires have caused similar cutting in
half of the regular quarterly dividend, and, i
at least one case, the paasing of the dividen
entirely,

The fire is a pretty serious matter, viewed in
any light, and from the atandpoint of eithe
miner or shareholder; but even at the worse, i
the fire burns longer and does much greater
damage than now seems probable, the property
will be neither ruined nor crippled, no matter
how areat the lona. A mine & th a surplus ap-

‘oximating ten millions of do and with
Rime openings unaffected by fre. whic
are easily capable of netting profila o}
$10,000 for every workin y, can lose a

princely fortune and euffer reverses which
would absolutely wreck a smaller property,
without suffering more than a temporary, eve’
though severe, set-back. The management o!
the mine has often been roundly cursed by ime
patient shareholders for holding auch an enor-
mous aurpius, for which many owners of stock
have itched to get thelr share in cash, but in
the hour of stress the ten million dollar surplus
looms up like the rock of braltar before th
undreds of people who have their all invest
n the stock of this one great corporation.

 

Perry Belmont Net Elected a Delegate.

Perry Belmont will not go to the State Dem-
ocratic Convention as a delegate from the
Becond district of Suffolk county, The Suf-
folk County Convention was held yesterday.
Mr. Belmont was a candidate for delegate
from the Second district. He and the other
two men on his ticket were defeated. Mr.
Belmont said that the reason for his defeat
could be found ip he fact that he was opposed
to instructing the delegates to the National
Convention at Kanaas City to vote for Mr.
Bryan, He found some consolation in_the
fact that the three delegates from the First
district that were elected were friends of his,

Chicago Platform the ‘Second Declaration of
Independence.”

Cxicago, June 2.—D. W. MoKee, a well-
known lawyer of Connersville, was nominated
for Congress by the Democraisof the Sizth dis-
trict to-day, Tho resolutions indorsed the Chi-

cago platform without reservation, and re-
ferred to itas the “Second Declaration ot fae
dependence, sounding a death knell to the
selfish reign of capital and centralized power ”
Vhis ts the first meeting of ocraia thit has
indorsed the Chicago platform and is taken to
mean a fight in the State Convention for euch 6
pronouncement.

 

 

Orange County Instructs for Bryaa.

NweWBUROR, June 2,~—-The Democratic con-
ventions of the First and Seoond distriots
of Orange county to-day passed resoluti
indorsing the eagitony wil 7. Bryan
for President, and instruc’ delegates
2 veo © be © te Convenuon for natlo;

tes ¥

Sreraeare

    
 

 

GIRL KEPT A PRISONER.

—_—__

Twelve-Year-Old Nellie Smith Arreste
Coney Island With Joseph Jacobs.

Hotel keeper Maas, of Fifteenth street, Coney
Island, went to the Coney Island police station
last night and said that there was a case at his
hotel that he thought needed the attention of
the polloe, He declared thata man had come
there on May 23 with a small girl that he said

was his daughter.

“Tfound he was keeping her a prisoner in
their rooms,” said Maas, ‘‘and later I learned
that wpe girl was not his daughter. 1 think the
case should be investigated

The police went to the hotel and there ar-
rested Joseph Jacobs, who suid he was 28 years
old and was a dry goods cler , living at 752
Second avenue, Manhattan, and Nellie Smith,
12 doth old, who eald that ner parents lived at

8 orty-fourth stree
rhe aie “anid her mother scolded her two
weeks ago and that she ran away from home
She met Jacobs by accident and he bought her

resents. Then he took her toa room in Kast

‘orty-third street, afterward to @ room in
East Twemy-seventh street and finally to
oy Island In all three places she said that

@ kept her a prisoner

‘Jacobs Jooks fully 50 yars old, He refused to
talk. Both wore locked up for the night

DE LEON SOCIALISTS CONVENE.

 

They Will Nominate Candidates for President
and Vice-President,

The tenth ennual convention of the De Leon
faction of the Socialist Labor party met in the
palm garden of the Grand Central Palace yea-
terday forenoon. Of eighty-five delegates sent
from different States, New York sending thirty,
seventy-one were on hand at. the opening and
several more came in during the afternoon

The main object of the convention is to nom-
inate Socialist candidates for President and
Vice-President of the United States, but other
matters, including the revision of the constitu-
tion of the party will be taken up first. Daniel
De Leon, the leader of the faciion, was elected
permanent chairman, Arther Keep was nomi-
nated fur sergeant-st-arms, but he declined the
place, saving that he was not @ large enough
man physically. Comrade John. Kelly, who is
more stalwart, undertook the job, ;

It was agreed that the big nominations siowld
not be mace unti! the last day of the conven-
tion which may reniain in session for a week.

The Anti-De Leon Socialists, whom. their

rivels have nicknamed the “Kangaroos,” held
their national convention some time age and
nominated Job Harriman of California as Prest-
dent. When later the Social Democratic party
nominated Bugene V. Debs for President a
movement was made to amalgamate the Anti-
De Leon Socialists and the Social Democratic
marty. Harriman chen resigned as candidate
or Presid nt and agreed to be candidate for
Vice-President, with Debs as candidate for
President, if an amalgamation was aff cted, A
joint committee of the two bodies affected an
amalgamation, but a hiteh has arisen over the
refusal of the rank-and-file Social Democrate to
accept anv conditions by which their party
will lose its identity. The Anti-De Leonites
say the hiteh istna fair way of being straight-
ened out

‘CHAIRMAN ODELL IN TOWN,
Finds the West Disposed to Let New York
Name the Vice-President.

Chairman Odell of the Republican State Com-
mittee came down from Newburgh yesterday
and was at the Fifth Avenue Hotel for @ short
time. He was in «plendid health after his ex-
tended vacation in the far West. He sailed
into a mass of correspondence that awaited

his attention, and late in the afternoon he re-
turned to Newburgh to be back in New York
again on Tuesday. Mr. (Odell said he didn’t
care to talk politics, especially concerning his
Western trip, which was one for rest and re-
euperation and nothing else, a ’

The sentiment in favor of McKinley's re-
nominatjon is, of course, unanimous,” said
Mr. Odell, “but there are many candidates for
Vice-President. One of them is Ulysses 8. Grant
of California, None of the Western candi-
dates any considerable strength, however,
and the sentiment that struck me was that there
is a general feeling in the West that New York
should get whatever jt desires in the Philadel-

hia Convention.”

Oh rman Odell said that he thought the
seleotion of Gen. Francis \. Greene as Presi-
dent of the Republican County Committee of
New York most excellent. He added that he
had been absent from the State so long that he
was a little rusty on affairs and did not care to
speak specifically on other matters.

NEW PLEA FOR FREE SILVER.

Bryan's Pet Scheme Pat Forward as a Re
strictor of Immigration,

The final conference of Knights of Labor and
social reformers who have been diseussing the
restriction of immigration will take place to-
morrow evening in the University Settlement

Building Rivington and Eldridge streets. It was
stated yesterday that an entirely new policy as
to restriction would be advocated. One of the
delegates said yesterday:

“We contend that free silver and a creenback
currency will bring about restriction of immi-
ration and we will urge all friends of restric-
ion to vote for them With this system gold
would be forced tosuch a high premium that the
migratory iminigrants would have to pay $2
and perhaps $3 in curreney for every 81 they
take out of the country. This will practically
cut down their wages more than half, hence
their wawes will not be much higher here than
in their own country, Ae® 4 large number of
the immigrants are of the migratory class im-
migration will be reduced at least 50 per cent,
and American labor wil) be the gainer to that
extent.”

Ulster Coanty Domocrats Indorse Chicago
Platform.

Kinaston, N. Y,, June ?.-The Democrats at
the Firat Ulater Assembly district to-day elected
Peter |. Black, Edmund M. Wilbur and Henry
Beck delegates to the State Convention They
are favorable to the eleedion of Senator Jacob
Rice as delegate to the National Convention
Resolutions indorsing the Chicago platform and
denouncing trusts were adopted.

Delegates Instructed for

Brvan,

Montreruo, N,Y., June 2.-Fred F. Freeman
of Perryville, James Fitzgerald of Roscoe and
Peter Ferguson of Mloomingburgh were to-day
elected delegates to the Demecrattc State Con-
vention and instructed for Br) an

Sallivan County

Laying of a Corner Stone Postponed,

The laying of the corner stoneo! the new
Cottage Hosp talin the course of construction

at the Seaside Hospital of St. John’s (Giuild at
New Dorp, Staten Island, which was to have
taken place yesterday afternoon, was post-
poned on account of rain to a day tobe an-
nounoed,

 
 

 

 

The superb quality of our work is
welberibe known.

Special sale this week of an elegant
assortment of striped flannels, serges
and fancy worsteds, Suit to order,
$16.00; trousers, $4.00. No extra
charge for double breasted sacks,
cutaways, or the black trimmings at
present so popular, We tailor our
suits in the smartest manner, giving
you square shoulders, hollow back,
the military effect, or the as-easy-as-
you-like garment.

Samples, measuring guide, fashion
booklet mailed on application,

ARNHEIM

Broadway & 9th Street,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.

 

a

|

DISINFECTED TUGBOATMEN.

a
“NOW WILL YoU BE GOOD,” SAYS
THE HEALTH OFFICER.

qunnnnene
Turkivh Bath for the McCaldin'’s Men and
Sulphur for the Boat Because She Spoke
@ Ship From a Plague Port Before the Doc-
tor Passed Her—Rival Tug Escapes Lightly.

Tho skippers of tugboats hereabouts often
engage in a semi-piratical competition for the
business of ocean tramps from far away ports
Sometimes, in the pursuit of the “bronzos,”’
Which is the name dollars go by along the
water front, there are collisions and casua!ties;
always there is an eruj tion of language that
would make a Nova Scotian skipper who heard
{t feel as if he were a landiubber in the salty art

of vivid expression

Two eminent harbor dogs had a race yester-
day morning for the towing business of the
British steamhip Lynton, which arrived on
Friday night from Mauritius, Capt, Scotty
Barker of the tug William J. MeCaldin and
Capt. Dave Roach of the tug E. M. Timinins
saw the tramp about the same time and headed
forher. Each of them knew that the steamship
had not been cleared and that she was froma
port in which bubonic plague existed, Capt,
Dave has the reputation of being as keen 4 mun
in a bargain as ever ran down the bay ora rival
tugboat. Buthesaw the Health Officer's tue
Charles F. Aller. coming out of Quarantine and
he held off and let Capt. Barker have the first
chance at the Lynton

Capt. Barker ran up to within a hundred feet
of the Briton and hailed her. Capt. Roach
“sweated blood,” as Boatman Billy Quigley put
it while Scotty was trying to get the tramp’s
business. Butall the time he had his weather
eye on the doctor's boat.

Presently he saw the Allen hail the McCaldin,
and he choked as he saw Capt. Scotty head ng
for Quarantine pier. Capt. Dave knew then that
Sootty had been practical’) put under arreat
for violating the Quarantine rule prohibiting
communication with vessels that have not been
cleared by Health Officer Doty

Capt. Roach himself was within hailing dis-
tance of the steamship, and fearing that he
also would be held up, be rang the jingle bell
and skurried out to sea.

Capt. Scotty is a jovial soul and has the reou-
tation of being one of the cleverest tugbeat-
men in these waters. He took the orders of Dr
L'Hommedien, the assistant health officer, with
Cheerfulness, alter making a lew) remarks
about the sivness of Capt. Dave and awaited
developments They caine pretty soon He
was informed that he had been in conmunica-
tion with @ vessel from a plague port, thus
violating the Quarantine law, and that he and
his six men would have to wo aboard the quar
aniine steamer James Wo Wadsworth and un-
dergo a Turkish bath inorder that they ailaght
hol carry With them microbes that riwht in-
oculate some other unfortunate towboatinen
along South street

Capt. Scotty, it is said, expressed a fervent
wish that @ certain toWvoKkunan who had
sneaked off to sea, might have a boat full o!
vigorous and pertinacious germs to keep him
copany for several generations Capt Seotty
had never been in a disinfecting machine be-
fore. Tle said afterward that the experience
was not at all disagreeable, but that he thought
that things had “come to @ pretty pass when an
honest tusboatman could not go down he bay
to ply his business without meiting funi-
gated"

The skipper and his six men were escorted to
the Wadsworth without formalitv. They took
off all their clothes, which were put ina cham-
ber of superheated steam, While the gerus
were being steamed outef the clothes the men
of the MeGaldin were sweating in a hot room,
Later they were taken into other rooms where
they were instructed in the inysteries of the
shower bath They rather liked this. Then
they were taken to the bow of the boat, atter
aaving been provided) with pajamas, sat
out in the air, which was preasantly
warm, and waited for their clothes, which
were drying on a line nearthem, Meanwhile,
a large mortality on the tug was produced by
fumiating her with sulphur. But the worst of
Capt. Sootty's luck came after he waa informed
thit the State considered him germ proof for
p time and that he would be permitted to take

is tug anywhere he liked except alongside
ships in Quarantine, provided he signed a check
for his owners for$15, almost the minimum fee
for fumigating cratt at Quarantine. As he
could not get away without signing, he aligned,
McCaldin Brothers may refuse to pay, and
carry the case to the courts

While Capt. Seotty’s microbes were under-
going treatment (Capt Dave was steering
¢'ye ully seaward after anything that might

ring the “Dione “He had luck of @
srue-ome sort, ploking up the body of George
Slumenthal of Newark, who had been Poe rs d
since May 26. He brought the body to Quaran-
tine. Then he up to the elty,
where his employer_ told) him that he
was wanted by Dr. Doty to answer
a charge of communicating with a ship
from an infected port. before she had
been cleared by the Health Officer Capt
Roach ran cown to Quarantine, and, as one of
his rivala remarked, put on an innocent and
injured air and made so many apolosies that
the Aealth Officer decided to let him go witha
reprimand instead of a Turkish bath. When
Capt. Dave heard of the treatment that Capt.
Seo:ty and his men bad undergone he said: |

“Them MeCaldin people need fumiating,
anyhow. lTought to know, I was with them
elght years.”

The thing that makes Capt. Dave sore ts that
after all Capt. Scotty, while he was golng into
the Quarantine dock, managed to hail eg 4
and friendly tugboat man nearby and put hin
on to the job that Capt, Sootty and Capt. Dave
were unable to get

Tt ls suid that Dr. Doty has become weary of
fighting the tugboat men through tedious and
unsatisfactory legal processes, and that, as a
final resort, he has decided to revive the old-
time practice of Healih OMcer Vanderpoel, who
used to send theskippers and erews of tugboats
that violated the Quarantine regulations to
Hoffman Island and keep them there for a
perind not exceeding fourteen days, The tue-
joatmen in those times got so good that they

”

 

steamed

said ‘‘If you please

KILLED BY A BRICK,

 

 

It Came From the Roof and Fractured Yoang
Webber's Skull.

While playing in front of 617 East Fourteenth
street yesterday Fred Webber, 13 years old, was
struck on the head by a brick that fell
or was thrown from the roof of the house,
His skull was fractured, and he died three
hours afterward in Bellevue Hospital. John
Decker of 513 East Fourteenth street told the
police of the Fast Twenty-second street station
that he saw two Italian boys throw a_ brick from
the roof of 517 at about the time We! ber wag
struck, and then run over the roof to the neat
house and down to the street.

The police later arrested Metrucio Citzina, 14
years old, and Leo Napoleana, 12 years old, who
were identified as the two boys who had been
seenon the roof. Each of the prisoners Ace

gysed the other of throwing the brick that hit
yebber.

 

 

The Weather.

An active area of low pressure waa travelling north-
eastward over the lake regions yesterday, carrying
with it heavy showers and thunderstorms through-
out all the districts bordering the lakes and in whe
Middle Atlanticand New England States. Showers
prevailed also in the Southern States, except Florida.
Nearly two inches of rain fell at Vicksburg. Fatr
weather was quite general in the other sections,
There was an area of low pressure forming in the
northwest and another tn the southwest

lt was warmer and sultry tn the Middle Atlantio
and New England States and much cooler in Min-
nesota, the Dakotas, Nebraska and lowa; frost was
reported in South Dakota. The temperature was from
2 to 4 degrees above freeeing in the morning in North
Dakota and Minnesota.

In this city the morning was fair; the afternoon
cloudy and showery, with a thunderstorm: average
humidity, 66 per cent.; wind sbifted from southwest
to west and northwest, varying from fresh to brisk;
barometer, corrected W read to sea level, at 8 A M.,
29.03; 8 P.M, 29.86,

The temperature as recorded by the official ther
mometer, and aiso by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown In the anneszed table:

rOMials~ Sun's. -OMcial~ Sun’
1900, 1898. 1900, 1900. 1809. 19)0.

9A,M.72° 68° 779} OP. M, 720? 43° °
i #! 76° «#75° 632° $B ¥ 60° 79° i
MAS?) 682”) «=82°U12 Mid. 69° 371" 390708

WASHINGTOM FORRCAST FOR TO-DAY AND To-
MORROW,

For Maine, showers followed by fair today with
cooler in west portion; high but diminishing north-
woat winds; Mondaeg, fair and warmer.

For New Hampshire, Vermont and Massachusetts
fair to-day and Monday, oooler to-day, warmer Mon-
day: bigh but diminishing northwest winds.

For Khode laland and Connecticut, tair to-tay and
Monday; brisk northwest winds

Por eastern Now Yor® and New Jersey, fair and
cooser to-day; Monday, fair and warmer; brisk north
west winds.

For tne District of Columbia, eastern Pennsylvania,
Delaware and Maryland, fair and cooler today; Mon-
day, fair and warmer; fresh northwest winds.

Por West Virginia and western Pennsytvania, faty
end cooler to-day; falr and warmer Monday; dria}
norjnwest winds becoming variable

we

cure you,

and digestive organs, enri

iN

tracted from Fresh Fruits.

   
   
  
    
 

 
 

Certainty
Succeeds
Klope

What unspeakable relief it gives to
know that hardships and agonies are
past, With what immeasurable joy
take up again the thread of life. ” [¢

your health is not good, don't be one of the
oping, suffering oues. Make certain your
claim for perfect health,
~ use of

Abbey’s Effervescent Salt

will keep you in the best of condition. If yo €
Dyspepsia, Constipation, or kindred annoyiny ills, Abbey's Salt will
Abbey's Salt is Nature's remedy, made from the salts ex.

The regular

If you are suffering from

It tones and strengthens the stomach
ches the blood, creates an appetite and

builds up the whole system,

R. B, SCONYERS, M.D., Camak, Ga., says: “Your Effervescent Salt has been tested in
cases of Indigestion accompanied by Constipation and Fiatulency, and results have been most
excellent. I consider it a most admirable remecy in Flatulency and Constipation,’

 

Sold by mos: druggists or sent b

 

y mail. asc., soc, and $1 per bottle

THE ABBEY EFFERVESCENT SALT CO., 0-15 Murray St., New York
LDoodlet Jree on reguest.

BENHAM MURDER TRIAL.

Dr. Tozier Testifies Kegarding the Piness and
Death of Mrs. Benham,
N. Y¥., June 2.—Dr

CANANDALGUA, Lemuel

Tozier resumed the stand at the opening of the |

Benham tral -day. He told of the diagnosis

of Mes. Benham’'s case when he (rst visited her
He found her heart and lungs in weed
cond tion: 40 much 80 that the
physicians joked with her about being
one of these persons who “enjoy poor

health.” He told her that her beart was “as
sound as a woodehuck's.”’ He to!d of Benham’'s
action at different times, which would seem to
incieate the solicitude of Bonham for the recov
ery of bis wife, rather than a desire to hurry
her out of the way. He recounted the hurried,
anxious cal's over the telephone to his offe by
Benbam on the nigatof her first seizure, and of
hisadministration of uitro-glycorine tablotyona
later occasion, by which she was revived from
another bad hing spell

The witness told of the earnest manner of
Benham at the time he made a hurried call be-
tween 3 and 4 o'clock on the morning of Jan. 4,
1897, and the incidents surround ug the death of

Mrs Benham, As far as he knew, Benhim
came to his house, over a omide from
his own homme, n feot at about 4 A
M. and ureed the doctor's immediate ate |
tendance on his wile, who, he said, was
very bad off. He also described his hurried

toilet while Benham harnessed bis horse the

quiet trip to Beaham’s, the finding of Mrs. Fur-
rant, Mrs. Kenham'’s mother, weeping on the
sloop; the exclamation, “She roust be dead,”
from Benham; bis burst of grief; the doctor's
examination o| and attempt to resuscitate Mrs
Benham

Dr. Tezier described Benham's deinonstra-
tions of gtief and jis exclamation, ‘My God,
this is nota fair deal!’ He also told of bis visit
to Benham at the jail on Jan. 10, where he found
him in need of medical assistance, This was
eliited by Mr. Wade, who asked to exercise
the right of preliminary examination. The
conversations in the jail were objected to
by Mr. Wade as privileged, particularly those
regarding Benham'a physical condition, for
whieh the doctors treated him, and regarding
Benham's question whether prussic acid were
found in his wife’s system. his objection was

verruled, and the examination proceeded.
This matter was not objected to by the defence
on the last trial

Dr, Tozier then told at leneth of Benham's

ues.ion regarding pruaste acidin the stomach.

e told of Benham’s depression and of | his
statement that he would never get into the chair
if convicted He asked if the doctor could not
“fix something for him.” The doctor suspected
a suicidal intention.

Witness was seked about May Wiard, the
Batavia young woman with whom Benham is
said to have been acqualnted. The ellegedpre-
sentation to her of a ring by Benham was
brought out In the doctor's testimony A
photograph of this voung woman was shown
witness, ind he identified ft

Dr. Tozter was asked if Benham had not told
him that he got prussic acid for his wife to cure
an organic disease

“T think he aid,” reptied the physician.

Did he not ask yonif it would affect her
seriousir? A. He did.

. To which you replied? A. That I did
not think it wou!

n closing his testimony for the day Dr. Torier
said that he did not see anything while he was
attending Mrs. Benham that would toad lim to
attribute death to natural causes.

 

FOR PORTO RICAN SCHOOLS,

Saperintendency of Instruction Offered to
Prof. Brumbaugh of Philadelphia,

PHILADELPHIA, June 2.--Secretary of War
Root has offered to Prof. Martin G. Brumbaugh,
who is in charge of the department of peda-
eogy of the University of Pennsylvania, the
office of Superintendent of Instruction io
Porto Rico. The matter {s at present in the
hands of the trustees of the university,
Prof. Brumbaugh fs willing to take the
place, but he does not care to resign his profes-
sorsiip in the college, Itis probabie that he
will gat aleave o! absence for four years, which
time it is supposed it will take to get the new
school sy-tem on the island in operation,
School laws have to be devised, training schools
fc rteachers started and many other important
details arranged that will require long and
careful work of an expert.

 

PRINCETON STUDENT'S
Blanchard H. Maule of Philadelphia Kills
Himself Because ef Despondeacy.

PHILADELPHIA, June 2% --Blanchard HI.
Maule, son of Francis T. Maule, one
of the best known business men of this
city, committed auioide this afternoon by
shooting himself inthe mouth with a revolver,

The deed was due to Goprension caused by
filneas and the fear that the bite of a pet dog,
reovived two weeks ago, would cause hy dro-
hobia. The young man was a student at
rinceton, and about a month ago he was
forced to stop study becaus* of nervous prostra-
on, Mrs. Manie and her daughter are in
rope and plans had bean made tor Mr. Maule
and his son to go abroid yesterday.

SUICIDE,

  
   

 
  

543 BROADWAY
NEW YORK USA.

 

FCLIPSE PLATES VALUELESS,

|
| Too Powerful Instraments for Solar Socctrug
| Observations Spoil the Pictures,

CaHicago, dune 2. <The solar spectrum ot
servations of the recent sun's eclipse whieh
} were taken after suck elaborate preparations,
| are pronounced a failure by Prof. Crew of the

Northwestern University. The great ques\ion
| of the composition of the sun will be very Little
| nearer of solution, he says, as the result of the
‘work done at the many stations in the South,
| Whether the sun is a solid enveloped in gases
or whether it is all gaseous, or whether both
theories are wrong Must TEMAIN AN Open qiirse
tion. It will not until 1918 that an
' portunity will be had in America to repent the
| observation « taken last Monday. Many of the
| men who took part in those expeditions will be
appointment, says Prof. Crew,

he Op

} gone, and the dis
is intense

The explanation he gives for the failure is
that the instruments used were too powerful,
These, instead of giving valuable data, fn most
cases left absolutely blank photographic records,
In the seconds during which the sun was totally
| a lipsed tine was too precious to trust the blue

man eye, and all observations were photo.
wraphed. The development of photographie
plates, says Prof. Crew, has been one of disap
pointiments, Without entering into the sciene
tifle points of the observation, Prof, Craw gave
| the following explanation of the faliure

“The Important question that it was hoped
to throw some valuable light on was the cone
siilutipn of the sun, We hoped to sustain
certain theories or give them up for others,
The ordinary solar spectrum shows black
linus when photographed, and it was witb
the reversing layer all observations had to
deal, By the reversing layer is meant the
enveloping gas which is supposed to consti
tule partofthe sun. This, ithas been discove
ered, wives white lines on the spectrum y lates,
andifthe two sets of lines corresponded it
wouldmeanthe sustaining of the prevailing
solar theory. Instead of a thousand or more
lines which we hoped to develop on the plates,
few are shown. These number only abouts
dozen and are practically of no value,

“The spectrum is an instrument which an-
alyzos the light of the sun or any luminou
body. We got our instruments g0 powerful
that the spectacle of the reversing layer prac
tically amounted to annihilation, The dis-
vonition of the light was too great andoniy
he intense lines were visible on the plates,
What value these will be is stilla question, and
cannot be estimated until they havebeen meas-
ured, For this a delicate machine is needed
and it will take a long time. In the eager-
ness to get thestrongest instruments, andhence
the most satisfactory results, they were mide
too powerful) The dispersion or analysis
of the light from the reversing layer was too
intense and the record was destroyed.

“The theory now generally accented of the
constitution of the sun isthatitisa fiery mase
surrounded by luminous gas. The ans can
only be analyzed distinct from the sun during
a total eclipse. As these opportunities are
facesdingly rare it can be readily seen what
it means to fall, as I fear scientists have done
generally during their work last Monday

PROF, YOUNG ON THE ECLIPSTP.

Says the Results of the Princeton
Work Are Valuable.

Princeton, June 2.—Prof. Charles A Young
does not hesitate to say that on the whole the
observations, both visualand photographic, of
the eclipse of the sun made by the Princeoa
party ware successful. He said to-nicht

“About one-half of the forty plates exposed
have been developed and the results obtained
undoubtedly show that we have done as
well in the photographie line os wea
had expected. The seven photograp) of
the corona made with = the = 12-foot
telescope have all been developed and have
come out well, one or two being among the
best [have ever seen. The photographs of the
first and fourth contact have not been brought
out fully, but they promise wei the
pictures which have ‘een obtained will
© compared with those made in Spain and
Algiers, with a view to determining whether
any change took place in the corona while the
shadow of the moon was cros-ing the ocean

“The visual observat ons made by the Prince
ton party were negatively auccessfil, for als
though they failed to determine the pusition
of the corona line, as we had hope
they would, nevertheless, they are of poste
tive value, becausca they show that the
light of the corona was exceedingly faint as
compared with Its brillianey at the three rree
vious eclipses which IT have observed. The
photogranhs may perhaps furnish some informe
ation aa to the position of the corona line, but
itis: oubtful whether the exposure made by
the Princeton party will aid in this.”

 

Party’

Wisconsin Private Bank Robbed.

Nrw Lispon, Wis, June 2.—-The Bank of New
Lisbon, owned by W. H. H. Cash, waa robbed
early this morning, several thousand dollars !@
cash being taken. The front of the safe was
blown out with nitro-glvcerine and the building
was partly wrecked. There is no clue to [he
perpetrators. The bank will suspend business
pending temporary repairs. President (A

says none of the depositors will lose a cent

  

of
Mailed Post-Paid
Upon receipt of 50.