ROUND THE WHIST TABLE.

WANDERINGS OF THE
L. TRoPHY.

he Match of the Petiedeiphte
- retty Cou:
aod Katcher ocket vom Correct Goalies
a Situation What May Be Done
with « Loos Weak Sult-Oar Problems.
W. L. trophy, emblematic of the cham-
Te’ among the men, is evidently jealous
plooshi in the Women’s League, the travelling
oe dis doing its best to establish a repu-
trophy, ee “wanderer During the fifteen
“~ “oe have been played for it since its
marches to the Kast, {t has made ten long
surrender and no club has been able to hold it
re nan one mateh after winning it It
- at twice to Boston and has jumped from
bas bee Baltimore both times It has been
- to New York and has paid flying visits
“e anton, Philadelphia, Newark and Albany.
ae the season Baltimore has placed four
oF to its credit, American of Boston, three:
+a York Whist and New Jersey Whist, two
- Ibany, Philadelphia and Scranton, one
ah, Last week Albany came to New York to
= » the lust mateh of the season for this cup.
. ook before the Knickerbocker Whist Club
{New York went to Philadelphia and brought
batt thetrophy, winning it from the Philadelphia
Whist Club by four tricks. CR Watson, W. EB
Watkins, Dr F. Eliot, In, and C. R. Cramer
ved for New York; Adamson, Bilstein, An-
vs and Kirk for Philadelphia. Both teams
ict exactly the same system, and the
ded entirely upon the care with
ghich the players read the cards and played
tothe drop as the hands developed. The Phila-
deiphia tearm seemed to think that they played
er game against the Knickerbockers
than they did when they beat Baltimore, yet
they could not win the match. Itisa pity that
“a attempt was made to record the hands, as
jt appears that they were exceptionally inter-
esting and well} layed all through. The largest
swing on any deal was one of four tricks, which
came along in the first part of the second half.
Dr. Etter of the Knickerboekers [made the play
which rendered this gain possible. Ti was aj
rery pretty coup, the success of which depended
on careful reading of the situation 2 dealt
and turned the four of hearts Cramer
and Fliot held Y-Z's cards, and Philadelphia

opened the hand

-y RECENT
mast a.

geatares of !

each, A

pia
dre
ysed ale
result deper

a strong’

 

et) de dcatmad section
1.../98 |93 {QQ |94
3... 4€2 }46 |i [43
Si ZA [98 |9IO [97
hie 92 OK 40/99
8. 39} 60 5° Ko
6... | 28 40| Ao] 70
7... 49 2@\/410 |4#5
Bo | OT 60\/4Q SA
9. 36 19] Be| 206
WPicisinss | ae | Q0| 10@| 8°
n Te, salad 96
Wow.) 8! 90/48 109
Bo... Ke\| Qe\|aK As

Knickerboeker gets seven tricks

Trick 2. It is an old principle in whist to
refuse to return a suit in which you win the first
round with the queen third hand and have noth-
Ing higher, Some playersdo not carry this
theory into the trump suit, as a low card is
often led from ace king in trumps and the object
in leading trumps is usually to exhaust them,
more than to win tricks in them. But when a
player has a good plain suit, which can probably
he established in one round, it is usually con-
tidered better to open that than to return the
trimp immediately if you have won the first
ound cheaply. Z does not cover the jack, al-
‘hough he knows it shows three honors, because
yw is afraid of clearing the whole suit for
‘the adversaries, who evidently have the
trumps to back itup. If the enemy are going
foget all the trumps out of the way Z's two
weentries may be useful later on in making
wme of his dlamonds,

Trick 3. Having shown his suit, and apparently
‘ound his partner with the ace, B returns the
trimp, Although A has a finesse against one
sard only. he thinks it best to have a third round
von. B's discard of a spade should show a
oowible trick in diamonds if in anything, but A
does not seern to have thought so when he came
to trick 6

Trick 5. If Breads his partner for the ace of
clibs and knows he has the two remaining
trumps it looks like a waste of time to pass any
tricks’ Why not put up the ace second hand
and go right along with the clubs? }

Trick 8 The return of the fourth-best dia-
mond is to show Y¥ that Z also had five ofthat
wit. A, supposing that his partner’s clubs
were al] good and that he led the suit once just
toshow it before returning the trump, takes no
chances on this trick, but ruffs it, so as to get to
work on the clubs. B could have saved this ace
by nlaving it on the previous trick,

Trick 7. This isthe trick that decides the fate
of the hand, and, as it happens, of the match
also If Z wins this trick it is almost certain
that A still has another club to give his partner.
he has two more, which is not improbable,
7s play does not matter, but if he has one more
mv Bean never make his clubs, because Z can
‘il any reentry he may have in spades after A’s
lst trump has been forced, and Z must then
make his own diamonds. Z therefore very
Properly assiimes that the position which is fa-
vorable to him is the one that exists: that is, that

A has only one more club, and so he passes
this triek, shutting out three clubs, or two clubs
indthespade king. If Z wins this trick and does
tot make his ace of spades at once he will
sever make it, losing four tricks altogether

Here is how the hand went at the other table
when Watkins and Watson of the Knicker-
¥ " held AB's eards and Philadelphia was

wes Sale

 

 

 

 

Zz
206 10@ A 8
| Jo AS 7°
er
Sinan 49 46 4Q aA
‘ \
teeseen | | #40] BO] KO
‘ v2 |93 i QQg |v4
4 a)
sree | OA °8 910 97
Louw #7 |OK | ee |es
Bice | 2 Qo| 46 20.
| 66 5@/99
Jje@/|/s8 906
66 | 410 45
94 4k 896
Qe\sJ- 106
Philadelphia gets three tricks only, a loss & four.
Trick 1-The Knickerbockers do not
consider the simple possession of five trumps
whe justification for leading them, especially
ates they are headed by a potential tenace,
dete 8 there is something in plain suits worth
th nding. Some short-suiters would think
is hand weak enough to start with a single.
vs Such an opening will hold Y-Z down to
rit scnn even if they are very cautious and
7 the repeated temptations to rush to trumps.
ese? should go to trumps, however, the sin-
fitton opening will make ten tricks on the deal
tA-B iustasin the play given
fn ae 2 This isan example of the positions
eran so many players go back with the ad-
Wikre St through strength to apparent
Thich th instead of opening a new suit of
T 1 ey know nothing.
ok 3 The Knickerbockers use the New
honors gt of leading the queen to show three
lhe the a aa not see any necessity for Ppiiss-
porting Bd < In this ease, because A’s sup
tat 7 rength in tramps has not been shown
of acall. ton table. The nine is the beajnning
Wits cnn A now sees some use for his
Tricks garde end his partners elub suit,
ind latins Tromping with the penultimate
thows freee fourth hest.of those remaining
the trick ch Mitnps originally Although B wins
tion aboot, inly with the queen, Bhas no hesita-
fan get the moe back, because the sooner he
lished « a runps outef the way of his estab-
Ale fee Trhebetter, A does not finesse, be-
King if Rt is 4 fair chance of catehing the
PrPning vb M1 three trumps originally and is
Trek & I, ’ aher ng two remaining
teether a crit 1 of knocking the two trumps
May hace Blays on the assumption that
be for ed‘ etre and that the lone king can
boing in cree 91 lores at least two tricks by
this trick q ) hurry te raff. If he passes
time fopeing irding a spade, and trumps next
Ont the ve’ With the diamonds, he will shut
8d the kin, fod hold A down to his two trumps |
Ave heey hades. The situation should
dnat rand tht lear to VY. but he evidently
Uthenthor pa ds as carefully as Dr, Eliot did
Here i, annthor dual '¢ .
Thich show eal from the same match,
TAK sit when yt, MAY be done with a long,

 

‘tace of te, |e Partner is alert to take ad- |
Dlaved thar cai {tation and the hands are so |
Other holqe gh inderstands just what the |
& Wats - and what he ean accomplish with
ob and Watkins of the Knickerbockers

    

 

ee: in phe pT =
“en | A ee |)
Lice) 2OL @éi, & 9°

Z.../2K |98 los 198

8.......)/VQ 99 07 LA
4..u0/ J@! 26 Ke
B......./ 22 4e@' 56); 106
6...) 89 BO| Ag] Qo

Bocce] 93 8e@iys i906

8...) BS) 86!) 380/42
®......| L2)/4* fas 66
20.........] 12Q/#9 (46 76
46/810 |&7 Q6e

#A (210 |aJ

4Q

 

oO | Slek

Knickerbocker gets twelve tricks.

Trick 1. The Knickerbockers do not agree
with the New Yorks about showing fourth-
best only in trumps, but play the regulation
fourth-best and old style high-card leada,
except that the queen shows three honors,

Trick 2. If the seven is a fourth-best there
is only one higher card still out against A,
and that must either queen, peck or ten
because A would not lead low if he held all
those, The suit being practically established,
or within one trick of it, and B having the other
elements of a perfect hand, four trumps and
reéntry, he leads the trumos at once, with-
out Waiting to establish the suit. The lead
of the smallest card shows four trumps and
A plays the king and returns the queen, re-
gardless of number, so as to show four also,
The Knickerbockers think this immediate
completion of the echo is better than winning
with the king and returning the lowest of three
remaining, because that may leave the
partner in doubt as to whether there are two
trumps still in the hand, or no more, and it
will he very hard to place the queen. Those
who use the high-card echo to show three only
have no way of showing four, but by playing
queen third hand and returning the king
the four-echo can be turned into a three-echo,

Trick 5. This is the pretty part of the hand
and shows careful plav. B does not rush
alone with his trumps just to catch Z's, but
gives his partner a chance to get into the lead
by ruffing a spade, so that he can go on with
his diamonds, and let B see just what card
is out against him in that suit and alse how
many he had originally, things which B does
not know as yet

Trick 7. The eleven rule having shown that
the diamonds are now established in A's hand,
B loses no time i fast trump,

 

in pulling 2's last
so as to give Aa clear path

Trick & The discards of Y and Z are peculiar
and unfortunate. The spades have been. led
twice and no one has dropped the trey. which
must be in the hand of the player with the
long trump. Both Y and Z seem to have been
so impressed by the fact that A had no spades
and must eventually lead clubs that they both
kept guards on that suit and let all the spades
go. Y might have discarded down to the bare
ace of clubs, keeping a spade to lead to his
partner, but he seems to have let the last spade
go before he thoucht about it. Z should have
located the trey of spades with more care and
saved a trick on the deal

OUR PROBLEMS

Quite a number of letters have been received
giving pronosed solutions of the problem
published May 20. Very few of these are
correct, and attention should be called to the
fact that E and W are going to discard to the
hest advantage so as to defeat the solution
if possible, Too many of our solvers make
the defence plav badly and practically give
N and 8 the required tricks

Here is something that will keep you busy
for an hour or so before you are sure you have
it right

 

 

N is to lead and with S for a

Hearts are trum
tricks against the best

partner to take all nine
defence of E and W.
CLUB NOTES

There are not likely to be any close finishes
{n the race for first honors in the men’s clubs
this year, asthe present leaders already have
their noses under the wire. In Brooklyn,
no one is within a lap of Elwell, and at the
New York Club he is looking back at the race
for second place, At the Knickerbocker it
is a stern chane for every Dne. W. BE. Wat-
kins is in the lead now with 96; C. R. Watson
second with &5; Dr, Eliot. 68; Baker, 67 and
Lockwood 44, William Thomson and Pr.
Fliot are tied for greatest number of top scores,
sixeach, All who have made a top score durin
the season will be entitled to play in the fina
game on Tuesday evening. June 5, which will
be on the Howell system. The four pairs
making the best scores in this contest wil
then be called upon to play an individual con-
test, each man with every other for a partner,
the best individual score to decide the club
championship.

At the Women’s Club of Brooklyn, the last
game of the season was played on Wednes-
day and resulted in a victory for Mrs, KE. T.
Baker for the season's plus, Mrs. E. E. Tucker
being second, Miss Campbell third and Mrs.
Harris and Mrs. Wade tied for fourth place.
The finish was rather interesting for the leaders.
as Mrs. Tucker had four points the best of it
before the final game. All those who have
made top scores during the season will meet
in the championship contest on Wednesday
afternoon, June 6, for which special prizes
have been provided.

The whist man on the Rochester Post-Er-
preaa has been amusing himself getting peo-

le to vote on the question; “Who are the twelve

st players in the country?” He sent to
thirty of the best ted men he knew, asking
for their lists, the ones who secured the
most votes were: Bouvé, Bunn, Bronson,
Duvall, Elwell, Hudson, Keehn, Muhlfelder,
Beverly Smith, Taylor, Ward and Whelan.
In addition to these there were given forty-
five other names. which received from one
to nine votes each. THE SUN was asked to
give a list. but was unable to pick out any
twelve who were any better than dozens of
others that might be named.

The value of such a list may be judged not
so much from the proportion of the votes given
to the various names mentioned as from the
fact that many famous players are not mentioned
atall. Even among the forty-five who received
at least one vote from some. one or other of
the thirty experts who made up these lists
there is no mention of such layers as W. E
Hawkins, (. R. Keily, Jules Wooten and ©. M.
Rarrick; four men, who, if brought together
as a team, would give any other four men in
the country the hardest flaht of their lives.
Dozens of other men, famous as whist players,
with records to their credit of the highest honors
won in important tournaments, did not receive
a single vote. Without going outside of New
York one might mention C. R. Watson, winner
of the individual prize in the intercity tourna-
ment, captain of the team that now holds the
A. WL, trophy; BJ. Bachman, who took first
honorsat the New York club in the hardest series
of games it ever had; W. FE. Watkins of the
Knickerbockers who has been in the lead
among our local nlavers for nearly two years;
T. F. Otis and F. Avmar, the cracks of the New
Jersey team: Dr. (. 8. Cole, who has plaved
in several championship matches and makes
more top scores than any other player in our
open games. 3

When lists are made up by thirty persons
supposed to know something about whist play-
ers and-such experts as these do not receive
a single vote from any of them, although fifty-
seven other names are sent in, it is easy to see
that lists of this character are not of much value.

REPANS

Want ed ~a case of bad health that R-1-P-AN-S wit
not benefit. One gives relief, No matter what's the
matter one will do you good. A cure may result if
directions are followed, They banish pain, Ladue
sleep, projong life. Sold at all drug stores, ten ‘ot
five cents. - sure to get the genuine. n't be
fooled by substitutes. Ten samples and thpusen
stimonials will be matied to any address for sy
forwarded to the Ripans Chem. Co. 10 Spruce N.

 

HARVARD POOR CREW, she

SS SSS SSS SSS SSS
SSS sss

  
 

 

———

‘VARSITY EIGHT NOT COMING UP
TO EXPECTATIONS.

 

The Veterans Have Been Paffed Up by Grad.
wates and tho Coach Finds It Hard to
Make Them Believe They Must Row Retter
if They Hope to Beat Yale--The New Shells,

CAMBRIDGE, June 2.—-The coming week

sees the Harvard crew enter on its last stage
before going to New London. Friends of Har-
vard find the eight in a discouraging condition,
The crew has failed to come Up 0 the standard
which the excellent preliminary season fore-
told for it, and there is no doubt that if the
race with Yale was but a week off a defeat
for Harvard would be certain, The men at
Cambridge, despite the fact that they have
been constantly told that Yale was in better
condition than themselves, were slow to believe
it. Last week, however, a noted amateur
oarsman paid a visit to the crew on the Charles,
and as he had spent a day or 80 watching Yale
work his remarks were listened to with in-
terest by the Harvard oarsmen, He frankly
told them that Yale was better and said in
just what points, This was 4 great blow
to the Harvard crew, and there were many
long faces in the group when he had finished,

Everybody now realizes that Yale has not

been asleep since her defeat last season, and
that she will be no such easy game this year.
The blues have a fast able crew and one that
stands a better chance of winning than the
veteran Harvard combination, Coach Storrow
has known all along that his crew was weaker
than last year, but he has been unable to imbue
the men with the same idea. From appear-
ances the crew should pe stronger than last
year, but the veterans in the boat have been
so satiated by graduates with the idea that
they were the only thing in the country
that it is hard for them to get down to hard
pan with the single-mindedness that made
them the best crew in the country last year,

Winning crews have come to Harvard so
infrequently in the past that the graduates
have fairly loaded them with honors, as they

did the football eleven last fall, until the crew

is staring defeat in the face, Capt. Higginson

in his wisdom foresaw this consequence last
winter when he announced that he would have
only four of this seaseii's in the boat
again, but there has not been the same devel-
opment among the club and class oarsmen
that there was last season with the consequence
that in the various combinations that have
been tried there has always been from five
to seven veterans

It is odd to have to say that the more veterans
there were in the boat the slower it went, The
upheavals which followed caused a distinct
improvement which lasted but a few days.
Coach Storrow has not hesitated to shake
men out of their positions when they did not
do well, but he has now tried out the men and
found out which ones come nearest to his ideals
of what a crew man should be, He has alse
tried as well as he could with the constant
changes to shake the men together as a crew,
but the limit is now reached. If he has any
hopes of getting the crew together he must
at once start on the work of making a crew
out of the indyeidual oarsmen. he has selected

As to the crew itself, Higginson is nearer
perfect form thanany otherman tin the boat, and
one has only to watch the first and second crews
row to tell that no mistake was made when he
was put in the first boat instead of Bancroft,
The latter is showing more and more that he
lacks the qualities that make a successful stroke
For while be is a beautiful and tinished oar,
he has absolutely no idea of pave and dies away

that is, sets a lower stroke as he rows without
being cognizant of it himself. Lt would seem
as if he might be used at No, 2 in the first boaa
to advantage, as Evans is nearly if not quite his
equal in the position, and could stroke the 4
oar to excellent advantage. The only reason
that can be wiven tor keeping Bancroft at stroke
ix that the coaches hope that he will gradually
learn more about the game as the season ad-
vances, and so develop into a suitable man for
the place next year. If he could gain the keen
idea of how fast he was ripping his oar through
the water Bancroft would be an elegant oar,

Sheafe at 7 has been coming round nearer
to his old form during the last few days then at
any earlier time The cold, raw weather
the oarsmen have been experiencing has had
ita effect on Sheafe as well as the other men in
the boat, and now that it is becoming possible
to row in hot weather, still more advancement
may be looked for from him. There is now little
doubt that Sheafe will back Higginson in the
race, as Ladd seems permanently settled at 5
Hugh Bancroft is also a permanency at 6, but
he is not yet up to his form, being still slow with
the hands and lacking life on the catch and pres
cision at the beginning of the recovery. Ladd at
6 is subject to the same faults, and has also a
slight tendency to kick out behind and to lose
control of himself on the beginning of the ree
covery, which makes him hurry the latter part
of the recovery and brings him up against the
stops with a bang. He has at times shown ime

yrovement, but it slips away under the stress of
Rard rowing

Lawrence at 4 has been rowing better since
his change from starboard to port, which has
braced him up and seems to have eradicated
the fault of swinging out of the boat, which has
always been very prominent in his execution,
Lawrence is one of the strongest and most
powerful oars In the boat, and full of life and
snap, but in his desire to rip his oar through
the water he allows bis zeal to ran away with
his judgment, whieh is at the bettem of much
of his faulty rowing. Lawrence is a_ worker
and exceedingly conscientious, and for this
reason if for no other his retention in the boat
is worth while, His finish and the beginning of
his recovery have been exceedingly bad all
season, and he seems to have no end of trouble
in getting rid of these faults, George Faulk-
ner has worked on him almost exclusively and
has done him a lot of good, but he is stl far from
ordinarily good form, although a grfat motive
power in the boat. After having once seen Tile
ton row 4, the work of any other man seems
Liliputian by comparison, and it is only now
that he is permanently out of the game that
Harvard men are beginning to realize what a
power he was to the crew

Wood at 3 seems to have greater trouble
than usual in getting into anything like good
form. His great streneth and willingness to
work have retained him inthe boat, but he
hunches badly at the end of the stroke, which
tends to weaken his control of the slide.

Bullard and Biddle at 2 and bow fespece
tively seem to act very well together as a how
pair. Biddie finishes out his stroke and starts his
slide on the recovery better than any other man
inthe boat. He also controls his oar excellently
well, and seems atall times tobe rowing it,
rather than having it row him. He is also put-
ting plenty of power into the end of the blade.
Bullard is very uncertain in his work. One
day he rows in fine form, but as he is a very
fight man,he seems to be Reoullarly susceptible
to any roll In the boat, which throws him out
and tends to make him row short.

In the second boat Shubrick is keeping up a

steady fight%and is threntening Lawrence and
Hugh Bancroft of the first boat daily. MeCon-
nell is also keeping Ladd Going, his prettiest
to retain his seat. This young Wisconsin lad
in another season will be making anybody hustle
for a seat in the boat. Considering that he is
a areen man he has done remarkably well and
je very near ‘Varsity standard. Evans also
has not abandoned his fight for a place in the
boat and is rowing better every day and com-
ing nearer to his old form gradually. Harding,
a veteran of four years’ standing js also trying
his best to make Biddle give up that bow seat
and may just suceeed in doing it, especially if
the latter shows any tendency to decline.
The four-oar will probably contain G, Ban-
croft as stroke, Shubrick as 3. Evana, 2;
Harding, bow, and Howe, coxswain. It will
»yrobably be formed some time during the com-
na week and will continue together until race
day, It is possible that Harry Vail, the Newell
rowing instructor, will give the boys some of bis
time when he has done with the club crews,
which will finish their work on June 17.

Considering the ‘Varsity boat as a whole there
has not yet been one day when the boat has
travelled steadily on its keel. There have
been stretches of rowing here and there that
have been decidedly encouraging, but it has
been only in snatches and there has been no
straight, even effort which shows the crew is
rounding into form, George Mumford has
been outaday or two getting the men to catch
with more life and working on the finish of
the stroke and the beginning of the recover
He has done the men seme good and the change
has enabled Coach Storrow to watch the men
for a day or 80 each week, s0 as to make his
coaching wn effective on the other days,

The shell which Crane the yacht designer
planned is now nearing completion in Davy's
shop. It is an unusual looking craft for a
racing shell, [ts shape is rather that of a skim-
ming dish than what is known as a shell boat.
It is extremely shallow and has long roundin
lines aft and is heavy and solidly round
forward, Its bottom is as near flat at possible.
The eight will naturally sit up pretty high
inthe boat, Thecraftis entirely experimental,
and in order that there may be no hitehaecratft
on the old lines is beng built and will be
handed over to the freshmen if the other boat Is
not satisfactory

Boating experts here agree that the Crane

roduction will be steadier than the Davy built

oat, but they thing that her lines are against
iull speed. The Davy built boatis a beauty,
and hes the fastest lines of any boat he has
turned out for years) The Crane boat is also
as fine as workmanship can make her, but there
is a sauciness and greyhound look about the
Davy boat that the ioriner lacks. If the Crane
boat is a success watermanship will play a
much smaller part in the » of the elebt

crew
crew

¥

i
en -

   

   

 

       

forrpert : for it is generally agreed that
e wi cep ‘her keel better than the other.
n these crafts the first Spanish cedar that has
come into the country is being used, [tis much
er than the American grown article and
gives the boats a rich mah any finish that is
very pretty to see. This ar is also capable
of a higher polish than that used in other boats.
YALE CREW CHANGES, us
Strong Material at New Haven but It Mast
Improve to Win.

New HAVEN, June 2.—Though but little more
than a week remains before the crew goes to
New London, the work of the eight lately has
not inspired a feeling of confidence among
undergraduates. That the crew is not rowing
in anything like championship form is apparent,
and on the campus men realize that only the
correction of radical defects will make a win
possible, The poor form which the crew has
been showing lately is here generally regarded
as the result of the many changes which were
made last week. For several days Niedecken
stopped rowing entirely; his place being taken
by Atkinson, Mitehell rowing at bow. Then
Niedecken was put back in his old position,
and Atkinson was crowded out of the boat.

There is, however, a feeling among under-
graduates that Yale has the material fora win-
ning eight. The changes which have been made
are probably the last which will occur, and from
now on Dr. Gallaudet looks for a rapid im-
provement, Other coaches who have assisted
from the launch are “Josh'’ Hartwell of the '92
crew and F. A, Stevenson, captain of the crew
of ‘89. Especial attention has been paid to the
biade work, and there is a noticeable improve-
ment in the evenness with which the boat
travels between strokes.

In the first part of the season it looked as
though a light crew was to be selected, but this
policy seems to have changed completely, and
the ohject of the coaches now seems to be to
get a crew of heavy and powerful men, As the
crew is arranged at prevent there are five
heavy weights in the centre of the boat. Capt
Allen at 6, Cross at 5, Brock at 4, Niedecken at
3, and Wickes at 2, all tip the beam at more
than 175 pounds. Brock and Allen both weigh
over 180 pounds ‘These five men have all
rowed in un versity eights before and makea
powerful combination

Cameron, who displaced the veteran Williams
at stroke, has come up wonderfully this year,
Last year he was not even taken to New Lon-
don with the crew, though he was called there
a week before the race to jake Greeiwar’'s
place in the four-oar boat. He is one of the
strongest though lightest men on the crew
Next to him, at No. 7, 18 Biagden, the only
man of last vear's freshman crew to make the
university eight. At bow Mitchell seems to be
regularly installed, and though he is considera-
bly heavier than Atkinson, whose seat he has
taken, itlooks now as though he would keep
his place.

During the last few days the weather has
been such asto allow the crew's practising on
onthe outer harbor. There has been one four-
mile row in whieh the time made was very fair
As arule the stretches rowed ore between a
half mileanda mile. Now that the college or
second university crew has been disbanded the
Varsity elght has had to row practica races
with the four-oar boat, giving them a handicap
of several seconds. Several sharp brushes with
the freshman erew have also taken place lately
in which the freshmen show up very well for a
short distance There is thesharpest hind of
rivairy between the two four-var boats which
race almost every day

A change has been made in the four-oar crews
by reason of Mitchell's removal into” the
"Varsity eight. Hooker has been moved up from
the end four-oar to take his place, and the first
four-oar is now madeupof the veteran univer-
sity stroke Williams, Auchinecloss and Minor
who rowed in the college boat before it was
disbanded, and Hooker, who was captain of the
freahinan crew last year. These four men will
be taken to New London as substitutes, and
will row a four-oared race with the Harvard
substitutes. One other substitute will be taken
from the second four-oar boat, which is made
up of Warmoth, Kunzig, Lincoln and Ackley,
all memnbers of last year’s freshinan crew.

 

FIRST OF THE BIG REGATTAS,

Atlantic Yacht Club Offers Prizes fa Many
Classes for June 12,

The first of this vear's big regattas will be

that of the Atlantic Yacht Club which will
be sailed on Tuesday June 12, This will
be the thirty-fourth annual regatta of the

club, and {t promises to be one of the largest of
the club's history. The Race Committee has
issued the anouncement of the regatta to yacht
owners and as the club's racing rules were
ehanged during the winter, yachtsmen will
do well to study the classification and condi-
tions. For sehooners there are prizes offered
for races in five classes, as follows: First class,
all over 95 feet racing length, $100; Class B,
85 to 05 feet, $90; Class C, 75 to 80 feet, $80; Class
T), 65 to 75 feet, $70; Class E, not over 65 feet,
$60

The schooners will race over No. 1 course,
This is thirty-three miles in length and ds from
ths starting line, which is drawn east of Craven's
Shoal buoy to the Southwest Spit, thence to
the bell buoy off the point of the Hook, thence
to the Scotland Lightship, thence to and
around the Sandy Hook Lightship, thence
to the bell buoy off the point of the Hook, thence
to the Southwest Spit buoy and thence to the
finishfng line. The instructions issued by the
Race Committee tell the yachtsmen how they
are to pass the different buoys and give full
details of the qourse

Prizes are offered for ten classes of sloops,
The classifieation and prizes are as follows:
First class, all over So feet racing length, $90;
(dass G, over 70 and not over 80 feet, $80: Clase
H, over 6) and not over 70 feet, $70; Class J,
over 51 and not over 60 feet, $60; Class K, over
48 and not over 51 feet, $50; Class 1, over 36 and
not over 43 feet, $40; Class M, over 30 and not
over ™ feet, $30, Class N, over 25 and not over 30
feet, 830, Class N, special 30-footers, $30, Class
P, not over 25 feet, $25

For yawls there are three classes; First
class, over 43 feet, $50, Class L, over 36 and not
over 48 feet, 40; Class M, not over 36 feet, $30,
There are three classes for open sloops: Class
P, over 21 and not over 25 feet, $25; Class Q,
over 1% and not over 21 feet, $20; Class R, not
over 18 feet, $15.

There are two classes for cabin catboats:
Class 8, over 25 and not over 90 feet, $30; Class
T, over 21 and not over 25 feet, $25. There are
three classes for open catboats: Class T, over
21 and not over 25 feet, $20; Class V, over 18 and
not over 21 feet, $15; Class W, not over 18 feet,

ri

The first class of sloops and Classes G and H
will sail over the long course the same as the
schooners, Classes J, K and L of sloops and
yawie will sail over course No, 2, 2544 miles in
ength. Classes M and N and the special 0-
footers will sail course No. 4, 19 miles. Classes
P, 9 and KR, of sloops and all classes of mainsail
yachts will sail course No. 5, 1844 miles,

As the courses are rather long it has been
decided to send the racers off as early as pos-
sible, The preparatory signal will be at 10
o'clock, If it should be necessary to post-
a the start the preparatory signal will

made at 10:15 or any quarter of an hour
thereafter. The Race Committee will be on
the tug Unity and the blast of the whistle will
call attention to the signal ._ Entries for these
races will close with C. T. Pierce, 170 Fulton
street, at noon on June 11,

The steamboat Taurus has been chartered
to accompany the yachts over the course for
the use of the club members, She will leave
the foot of West Twenty-second street at 8.45
o'clock on the morning of the race and the
clubhouse dock at Sea Gate at 945 sharp
For the benefit of yachtsmen who have their
yachts on theSound and who wish to race in
this regatta a tug will be sent to Whitestone the
afternoon before the race to tow them through
Hell Gate and down to the club anchorage.

 

YACHTING AT YALE,

Jast 300 Members tn the Clab of Which H.
0, Havemeyer, Jr., Is Commodore.

New HAVEN, June 2.--Neverin its history has
the Yale Corinthian Yacht Club been in as
flouri-hing condition as it is at present. The
number of boats moored off the clubhouse at
Morris Cove is steadily increasing, while the
number of members far exceeds the enrollment
of any previous year. The yacht club is situ-
ated at Morris Cove, some miles down the
harbor, and easily accessible by a line of elec-
tric ears. The clubhouse has recently been re-
furnished, and is provided with a caterer, gri!l-
room, &c. As regular meals are served to
members and their friends, the club is becom-
ing more and more popular as an evening re-
sortin summer

The boats of the club are moored in the Cove
just in front of the clubhouse A number of
them are owned by prominent men in college
who are also well-known summer yachtsmen,

among these being Robert Hale, Ives Goddard
of the Providence Yucht Club and Henry 0,
Havemeyer of New York, who is commodorevof
the fleet.

A day's crulze is also being arranged for be-
tween the owners of some of the best boats,
‘The officers of the club were recently elected as
follows: Commodore, H 0. Havemeyer, Jr, of
New York city; Vice-Commodore, FE. H. Clarke
of Chicago; Kear Commodore, Clarkson Potter
of St. Louis. There are just 300 members en-
rolled, of whom 119 are from the freshman
class, which shows the interest the entering
classes take inthe sport, and offers a bright
future for the club.

 

AY, JUNE 38, 1900.

iia ccna ean ancegeamenenemasanmpamananicamaniasianss

CHESS CORNER.

 
 

ouR

 

PROBLEM NO. 910--BY DR. H. VON GOTTSCHALL,
GOERILITZ, LAUSITZ, GERMANY,
BLACK-ONE PIECE.

       

       
    
 

A

| 4
Rem 8 oi
eh 4 a

Ciel
Ba 2

ae 2

  

NO

>

 

St

 

i
Willa “Ma,

cee Kt 7; Qon Q Kt 6; Kts on Q 4and Q 6; P on
7 WHITE—FIVE PIECES.
White to play and mate in three moves.

Yy
BG WA Wh
‘Owe Ff

 

PROBLEM NO, 920—BY J. TAVERNER, BOLTON,

ENGLAND.
BLACK~—NINE PIECES.

5: Re on Q R 3 and K7; Kts on Qand
nQ 8: PsonQ Kt2,Q Kt4 and K Kt 2.

oe
3
om

6; B
Wh

“YY

Vy Ui,
1d

Yj
Uj

 

WZ
idl

Kon KR 5; Qon K Kt 4; RsonQ Kt 4 and 3;
Ktson QKt3and K Kt 2; Bson Q KtandX B6;
Pson QBS and hk kta.

WHITB—TEN PIECES

White to play and mate tn two moves,

END-GAME STUD —BY DR, H. VON GVOTTSCRALL,
GOERLITZ, LAUBITZ, GERMANY.

BLACK—FIVE PIECES,

Kon K Kt5; Kton K B4;BonQ2;P on Q Kt3
and K 7.

    
  
 
  
    
    

 
   
   

| Gg Yy ej}
4 HWY} Wy, Wy
UA . Ujdla mom SE

SS

  

SSS

Woes
“
WS

  
      
        

big g Ww
Via tents

   

 
     

SS
SN

SW
~~
BW

PRA

  

 

SS
>

|
|

of on K Kt 2; Bon K B2; Ps onQR7,Q Kt5 and
= WHITE-FIVE PIECES.
Black to play and draw.

SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO. 817.
1, Kt-QH46, Ks Kt 2. Kt-QR6, K--Q 3; 3.
Q--B 5, mate,
1 Kt QB6, K x Kt 2, Kt-Q R6, K—Q 4; 3.
Kt-—Q R 6, P--Q 3; 3.

Q B 5, mate
1 Kt QH6, Kw Kt; 2
Kt--Q R 6, P—Q 4; 3.
Kt--K 8 ch, K--K 4; 3.

4, mate,
QH6, Kx Kt; 2.
Kt—K & ch, K—-Q 4; 3

, Mate
QH6, Px Kt 2.
5, mate,
QB6,P x Kt; 2.
mate.

SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO, 918,

5, Kx Kt;2. B. BS, mate,
5, R moves; 2, Kt--B 4, mate.
Q 5, Kt ‘Q B) moves: 2. Kt B 4, mate,
Kt:Q 3) moves, 2. PBS, mate.
Bx 9 2. KtiQs) -_B 3, mate,
BH 2or B Kt 3; 2. Kt iQ5)-B3,

, Belsewhere; 2. Kt- B46, mate,
o B moves; 2. Kt--B 6, mate,
’ R62. Kt B 6, mate,

SOLUTION TO OTTEN'S END GAME.

Black. | White, Black,

xPch * 5K B B--Kieh

Qaeh | 6K Kt2 B- Bach
3K—Kt2 7K
4K-Kt SK

Bich R B—Ktich
QB4ch R2 and wins,

* This ts the main defence, Other variations are
easy, The author says that this position has several
tries, which seem to lead to a win, which tries, how
ever, can be easily defeated.

1

1

1

1, 5

1, Kt 5

1, Kt 5

Ate.

1, it ye

1, Kt §

1, Kt 85
L

White.
R4

1Q
BS F

2h

Correct solutions received to problem No, 917 from
J. R. Warn, Pontiac, Mich.; H. H. Gutman, New
York: Grover's Lil, Danbury, Conn.; Maxwell Bukof-
zer, Paterson, N. J.; Edwin Moskowitz, New York;
B. D. Ackley, New York; H. W. Barry, Medford,
Mass.; Fred Meise, New York; G. W. Husted, Jr.,
Malden, Mass,
Correct solutions reeetved to problem No, 918 from
H. H. Gutman, New York; Edwin Moskowitz, New
York; Grover's LAl, Danbury, Conn.; W. D. L. Robbins,
New York; Maxwell/Bukofzer, Paterson, N. J.;  E.
Wiese, Great Barrington, Mass.; BK. PD, Ackley, New
York; Barkley Wyckof, Arlington, N. J.; J. R. Warn,
Pontiac, Mich.; H, W. Barry, Medford, Mass.; Fred
Meise, New York; G. W. Husted, Jr., Malden, Mass,
Additional correct solutions received from Myrrha,
New York, and F. Warwick, St. Paul, Minn, to No.
014; from J, R. Warn, Pontiac, Mich., H W Barry,
Medford, Mass., and F. Warwick, St Paul, Minn.,
to No. #14

Otten's end-game study. was correctly solved by
H. W. Barry, Medford, Mass.

CORRESPONDENCE.

Jersey Player—After writing to you last week
anew lot has been discovered, rite to the Manhattan
Chess Club.
S. E. Biains, New York.—THR SUN capnot give
pe, the name in question. Pilisbury Is playing at
‘aris.
J. R. W.—This correspondent asserts that No. 016
cannot be “cooked” by means of Q—H8 on account
of KtxKt
H, H. Gutman, New York, requests THE SUN to
notify Mr, Otten Het he has found keen enjoyment
in soiving No, 917 0 ips to the masterly position.
Maxwell Bukofzer, Paterson, N. J.—Letters which
reach THE SUN office on Thursday mornings are
considered in the current week.
W. D. L. R., New York—No, there was a mistake
in the place,

THE PARIS TOURNAMENT,

PARIS, May 17.--The International chess tourna-
ment, which ought to have begun last Tuesday, was
not started until today, All the contestants had not
arrived on Tuesday, and 48 the rules and regulations
to govern the competition had to be gone over, there
was really no time left for play then, The discusston
of the rules was rather comical. Some of the players
spoke in English, others in German and others in
Freneh, and a8 one could not understand the other
the arguments advanced at slow speed, Finally the
committee had to take the matter In Its own hands,
and everything was setiled satisfactorily. Another
reason for postponing play to this aflernoon was the
fact that the dlreetors of he Grand Cercle et Cercle des
Lehecs were anatous to begin the proceedings with
a banquet. This was held on Tuesday evening and
Was 4 grand suceess, The orchestra of the Repub
lean Guard under the conductorship of the noted
Paria musician, H J. Parts, was in attendance, and
as the menu and Wines were exquisite, the chess play
ers enjoyed the affair immensely M ‘alfred
‘ieibel, the President of the club, presided at the din
ner, There were over 200 members of the club pres
ent, Including all the local chess celebrities. ‘The
President's address, welcoming the players to Parts,
was made previous to the ainner in an adjoining room,
where M. Paul Moysen, & member of the committee,
in an eloquent and enthusiastic speech declared tie
chess congress formaily opened. Mortimer of Lon
don was asked by the players to respond to the speeches
on thelr behalf. As Mortimer speaks French itke a
native, he was greatly applauded at the conclusion
of bis remarks 1. Girivenu, the Secretary of the club,
recited a self-composed poem on the congress. At
the request of the American and English competitors,
the banquet was coneluded with the piaying of the

Marseiliaise. Folowing ts the score of the first game:
EVANS GAMBIT DECLINED,
Rosen. Didier, Rosen. Didier,
White, Black. White. Black.
1P—h4 pKa ”4Q Be Kt Kid
2kht KBA Kt QBS 15 htaP R-K
ob BA nh oe 16 PP ake
4P—QKtU B- Kt 17 Px Kt. B6ch
SP Qrha P-QRS AK R QRS
6 Castes PRS 10 Pxkt i RO
7 BRS P- Qs /2R-Kt Kt Kt6
AP BS Kt. Ba 2) Qakt QxKP
9 P--Q4 Castes | 22--K4 Kab
OP. Kw RPaP | 22 PRR BK Kt7eh
11 RPAP ht QR | 24 RxB- 8 K&eh
12 B Qa PxP | 2R Kt xPch
WP KS Kt R2 ' Drawn.

The following are other games playcd in the tourna
ment

 

S$ s SH
S
w By OS
a MS SSS NS
SX iS SN SX os SS
$ SS | q SS : SS
ww SC

Se FO = Be es ee eee SF

  

 

 

tien

 

ee

Graduation and Summer
Gown Fabrics.

Same Goods Are Sold in New York for More Money:

White Hemstitch Taffeta, 58 and
85c yd.

White Corded SilkTaffeta,58c yd,

White Cord Taffeta Silk, 1.00 yd.

Plain White Taffeta, 75¢ yd.

White Japanese Silk, 36 inch,
69c yd.

White Henrietta Cloth, 38 inch,
50 and 65c yd.

White Henrietta Cloth, 45 inch,
75 and 85c yd.

White Foule Cloth, 44 inch,
85c yd.

White Serge Cloth, 44 inch, 75,
85c and 1.00 yd.

White Lansdowne, 1.25 yd.

Two Strong Brass Bed Offers.

Prass Bed, like picture, curved
swell foot, 14-inch posts, &-inch
filling, i-inch top and bottom
rod, ot gold argue will not
tarnish, all sizes, $55.00
value; our special price, 39.00

In Twin Sizes, 39.00 each.

Brass Bed, with 2-inch posts,
g-inch filling rods, bed stands
4 feet 8 inches high, 4 feet 6
inches wide, best gold lacquer and .
guaranteed not to tarnish. This bed was built to sell
for $40.00. We have fifty of them to sell this week at

ne

 

——

  
  
  

il

cell

   

27.50

Box or Wardrobe Couch, 6 feet long, 30 inches wide,

all round, upholstered in every

7.98

Free Deliveries in Greater New York and at New
Jersey Railroad Stations.

HAHNE & CO., Newark.

spring edge
color of denims to match decoration

of room, special - - - -
t ought to be a third more.

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

7 PETROFF'S DEFENCE. | RUY LOPEZ,
i shall Reichhelm. Simonson. Reichhelm. Simonso®
a — Mohke aioe wane . Black. ‘a wh, eae
c . 32 1P-K4 —K . ‘
1 Fe Ntas kr RBS gi BxE DRO 2Kt-KB3 Kt QBS | 27 RxR BxR
stops BY okie 23 R—-K2 Qs SB-KtS Kt-RKB3 | 2sP—QR4 P- QRS
4B--B4 Castles 24R-K3 KR—-Q 4Castles KtxP | 29 Px PxP
5(—K2_ P--Qs 25 RxR RxR SP 94 R-K2 }30B-R5 PBS
6P—KRS Kt BS 26B-Kt2. R Q7 6R-} Kt gs | 31B Qku K- Be
7P-QR3 B—R4 7B-R. K 7 BxKt KiPx [32P-B3 KK
se Okt Bi Kw 28 P-OBs R Kz S Kir na Casues 33R—B?  B-Be
Ko Re it he’ So RKS RakP 10 Kt 3 B RS $5 Kk K3 K- Qs
{ c > “ a —
We -O, Hem «| SiRIRD ASE P gkis BB? 37K—-92 B-
12Rt--Q5 KixQkt 32 RxR 5 2P-Qkis B-B2 37 K-92 B- 96
i3Bxkt P- BS 33B--Kt2 R--B7 13 BRS [3B-B7 BBs,
14 B—R2 BS 34B—R RxPch 14Q-B3 R-Kt P- Kis BK
I5P--Q) B-KS 35 K—Kt3_ R—QR? IR-K2 Kt Kt | 40h BS P- Kis
ero? gukih | Oke Rh kek? Qu Pokn4 BORG
Reo) BOs 38 PRS R—-KKiseh | 18 RxB xR 4ih-BA” K-94
19 P—-KB4 PxKP 39K-—R3 P—K6 19 BxR xKt 44 K- ks K—K3
20 QPxP BxbB 40 Resigns. th cee. 3 EB Be §- te
'EEN’ y NING, 22P—QB3 R-Ks 47P—-R4 = P— RA
QUEEN'S PAWN OPENIN( ae ¥ fh 7b
Lasker. Mieses. Lasker. Mieses, 2R-Kt4 R—RS Drawn. )
‘e pe linet ee Ue ee
1 x et
2K ins kt aps 7 Qk, BaP QUEEN'S GAMBIT.
4kt BS P Bd | 9 R- KW BBS Newman, Delmar, | Newman Delmas
5SBPxP  KPxP | 20K BP KR4 eae) opto” «| enahe a
6B Kt B- KS '21R K_ PRS 1E- Sh, Psp pra. a
7P-K4 BPaP 22Kt Be Qskt Sricons Pops oe - 2
8 Osh Kt- B3 | 283Q K7ch K- Kt 36 a: hoe opens BORE
oh. Kts PxP 24QxReh K-R2 RP 85 Bape Bae - fh
Hd | eR Mt Rack box KL KBS | a1 RaP .
i gtks Bo eb-Ot 8 Pisa 7QxP_ Kt RS.s*| S2K~B2 QQ?
12 QaP B- QKUb 27K~—K2 B-Ktseh a K4 R B 33 R_ KIT 4
ie pamien Fae Seige fesigne 0 OOM Ra 34P_ RS RScb
14 QaPe 2 .
; ; 1NBxkt xB a5 Kt- Kw ~B4
SQUKa  BxKten WKKt 3 K3 24 PxP -Qdeb
CHRNNA OPENING erie Bab | acs Bo
are oe 18 : Castles 3 t(B3)- -
} 4 | ' M 1g Kt P- K4 39 KtxP BxP
yaw Wak, | Whe, Black BK KR 40PxB  OtPah
1P-K4_ P- K4 | 40P KRS K--BA 1#6Q-R4 Kt-Kt 41 Kt B2  QxP
2Kt- QBS Kt-KBS | 41 Kt-K2 B--Kt? 17 KR- B-KS 42 P-R6 BS
aP Be Ps 42Kt Hi B--KS 18Q- Kis PK BS 43 P—R7. —B
4PxKP_— KtxP | 43 PxP PxP 19B-K3  Kt-K2 i! 3 K- Kt
Skt BS B QBS 44 P- QKtd PxP_ 2 BB RRB. 45 R- kta =Rien
ob ee kun «| a Kuk? Bok? 328 gis R-Kkts | 47Q- Kt Q—pe
AQxKt B- KRG | 47P-KR4 B- RE 23Q--R5 = RxKtP 48QxQch Kx
9B K2 Castles | 48 Kt 94 B- v4 gah R-Kt 49RaReh Kx
10 Costes a Pe HY Bt pee a 25 K6 R—Kt3 50K-Kt3 Resigns
1KEK f a re
PO eke, ee | late Meee teem
q € © = emeny. uetz | emeny. chu
Wht Ba Bok | MK BR P ORS white, cernuets | ee ee
1SB-Kta KR--K | S4Kt-B6 B-K3 1P-ki PK ‘a2R-Q? P-Kta
16Q B2 Bxkt | 55 Kt KSchK--B4 2Kt-KBS Kt-QB3 | 33P- RRS Q- KS
17QxB. Kt-B | 86 Kt gs POS shies? BaP? lstk—pe «BORD
ISR-B2 Kt-KS =| 57 Kt BS BBS 4Castles KtxP 35 P—R3 B4
19 Bxkt RxB 68 Kt Q7? B-K4 5 P—Q4 B-k2 36 P—~KKta Kis
20QR KB Q K2 59Kt-BS P—KR4 8Q-R2 Kt- 8 37 R-K2 Bs
29 ‘Kia B-KBS | 60K--B3-B-Baeh ter OBS. |38R-Kaeh K— Kea
22 PxP Rx | 1 K-B2 B-Kta 8 PxP Kt Ki2 | 30 -QKIA QQ
23RxR_ Px 62K—B3 B-—B3ch 9 Kt—B3 | 40R—Kt?eh K—
24 Kt- K2 g K6ch | 63 K- be B Ki 10R—K | 41R—Kt&eh K~K
KA. be | ee ee RO Ke 11 Kt .Q4 I 42R-Kt7eh K-Q
Poor gnKe? 6 BS B-Qdeh ear | OB Bs ‘Ro Kieh K-OF
28 Ox Rx Mok? BoRSen He als SP Seat GR RUS Bes
Sc 68 K--BS_ B--Kt4 147 RBG e
20 Rx K~Kt2- | 68 K~-Bs “Kt i5Kt-R4 P-QR4 | 46 RxP Bick
30R-B2  R-K&eh 69 Kt- Kt3 B- Bach 18 PxP BxP KK | OxKiP
S1R-B RaReh Po R-B eae 17B—B5 —- B-Q2 48 KixP xPch
32 KtxR Bak 7) Kt? B-G3 18 BaR xB | 40 K- Ba Pon
aa Kk Kt K- BS 72 K--Ba . ‘ 19 Qe B2 ~ Ke | 60 K-- BS Brcy
34K--B2 A--Q6 73K-B’ B dO RL BS ~ O85 | 31K KS Fone
35 Kt-Ktd P- Bis ub & 21KtxB.-Bxgeh =| 52K-BS — P— BS
36K KS B--Kts KBs K-@S 22 KxB xBPch | 53 Kt--K6ch K~Kt
37 Kt—-K2_ B- KS 76 Kt K4 BHR? 23 K--Kt Q3. | 54R--R&ch K-R2
oe iis KB 77 Resigns. 24 Kt-- KS K | 55R--QBS P- BS
‘ W 25 Kt-Q3  RxR |50K--B6 P-B?
RUY LOPEZ. 26 RXR PBS | 57K--K7 P- BA
7 R- 2 | 58 7
Marco. — Janowskt. Marco. — Janowskt. ae a She | tog Boch ae
White, Black. White. Black. t—K K—K 40 Kix
( ¢ 29 Kt K5ch t Q Qs
2Kt- f 3 K Kt2 Ba >
hike RRS [ak KO PK anspor
{cartes ee SPORE. | Boneh ini shin iseabiada ocean Seasiaiael Sadan
5P-Q 42 2 : or the Poughkeepsie Rowing Regatta,
4Q-h2 Kt- Q3 30K Kt PxPch
7 Axkt Ktpats 31KxP_ K-RS PouGHKEEPSie£, June 2 -Georgetown Unle
3 a Ba By ne i i Bit fc, ae. versity will send a crew to compete in the June
oR K RK 3h Kis Kt Bach | regatta on the Hudson, The decision not to
i} Bs KS 5 d: 38 Baur gh take part has been reconsidered, and a letter
1a Rt as g as 37 K _ Roe, has been Poe from J. E. Moore, =
14 a o | 8 inh manager of the Georgetown crew, stating
i a ” Ato” a k ts Re Ke officially that his crew js coming and asking to
i B* iv, i, As 3) in y, pane have quarters allotted. WiihGeorgetown there
fy ; 3 ; ix ‘Varsity ows, the others being
19P—KR3~ BxKt 43P-R4 = P-KBS will be six ‘Varsity crews, the «
20 PxB KR-Q 44 Ksk otf ‘ Cornell, Pennsylvania, Coluinpia, Wisconsin
32 R n p e | tk R? K Ki and Syracuse, ‘There will be four freshman
23 B- Q2 RRS 47 Resigns. crews, Cornell, Columbia, Pennsylvania and Wise
24P-QB4 1B Kid consin, and three four-oared crews, Cornell,

Columbia and Pennsylvania. Only
have so far engaged quarters, Cornet. at Red
Top and Pennsylvania at Bellevue Villa. Engle
neers will come up from New York tu-morrow
with Mr. Bangs, the Presidentof the as:ocla-

THE INTERCITY CHESS MATCH, {NO crews

Appended is 4 selection of games from the team
chess match, played between the Manhattan and
Franklin Chess clubs on Decoration Day

FRENCH DEPENCE.

Raubltschek, Ferris. Raubltsehek. — Ferris, tion, to lay out two extra practice courses at the
wre = Ble | eo oe north and southend of the regular four-mile
hp Oa i Qs | ik n” Kt B2 strip) There will be three consecutive courses
Ski “ona KtCKBS | 20Q KB2 R_ KB of four miles each, the whole extending twelve
4B KK B-K2 | 21B- RS KuBa)—Q | miles, five miles below the bridge | and seven
5P. KS KKt Q2 | 22R Q3 Q Qs miles above The extra courses wil add con-
6 Bx xB 29 R4 ht K4 sidernbly tothe diflenity of reporting the
7Kt KO 9 Q | 24 KxReh QsR practice of the crews, but they will do away with
AP Qhd P QRA 23R YQ Kt hi the interference of the ferrvboat and enable
9 Kt QRa P- QBS 26K -Kt Pp KKM the different crews to practise without intere
PEM Bhatt |B Bac, cil | fering wih each omer,
12Q- Q2 astles 2R KBS Q 9 Oe ae onan
WE- Ke p ae 20 ah ep . , nts Remember This-
Caatie x ; stich
13 RPxP pak 32Q- Béch K Kt When an advertiser has something of real
IK BPXP =—-Rakt 33R- Kid QaR value to dispore of, he first goes to Taz Bua'é
17 BaR KiukiP = | 34 '2Q igus, advertising columus with iL—dda
4 ’
‘

i

a

aie