yas, BROOKS DISCHARGED,

{rE DECIDES SHE HAD NO

etal IN ASSAULT ON MYERS,

and Brooks Held for the Grand
mins Bee opbery Charge Dropped — Myers

=< ‘ame to Extort Money—He
a a4 to Hilackwell’s Island Once.
sie BANA Renn and Henry A. Brooks and
(fe, who were arrested for assaulting
bis ae Cc. Myers on Wednesday night in
se Aen ents at 439 Fifth avenue, were ar-
- opr in the Jefferson Market police court
eae and Myers got a chance to tell his
x of thestory under oath
when he appeared in court his lip was badly
Hien and one of his front teeth was miss-
e He did not uncover the arm which he
A at first had been stabbed, but which the
. say was cut with broken glass. Myers
- short, fat-faced man. Miss Benn still
2s od ina siing, Myers having bitten

her ha '
carried Mvers had Lawyer Willard A.

humb. -
ead a counsel, but the prosecution was
ip the hands of Assistant District Attorney
Forbes Hennessy. Lawyer Louls Lowenstein

red for the prisoners. Mr. Hennessy
rr) the Magistrate first to hold an informal
egamination of Mvers, as the case was of @
peculiar kind and it was necessary to ascer-
tain what charge would be the most suitable,
Magistrate Flamer agreed, and then Myers
told in detail of the alleged demand for money
by his assailants. He also said he had 650 in
cath when he entered his apartments, but

when he recovered consciousness he had only
- fle believes that the three persons came
to assault him, but first to get money. After
hearing his statement Mr. Hennessy said he

didn't see as there was any evidence as to the

pobbery
“I'm sorry,
sign the check.

* spoke up Myers, “that I didn’t
I could have stopped pay-
ment on it and there would then have been
plenty of evidence.” Magistrate Flammer
said that from the character of the people he
thought the charge had bettes be changed
from that made by the police of felonious 25-
sauii to one of robbery, which included the

This was done and the complaint

he
pel up, after which the real examination
began, and Miss Benn and Mr. and Mrs. Brooks
took their places at the bar. In his testimony
Myerssaid that when he opened the door of
his apartinents the first person he saw was
Miss Benn. She was standing facing him

as he entered, with her arms behind her back.
Brooks, whom he had only met once before,
Mrers said, was standing over in the corner
while his wife sat near by on a sofa,

*\fias Benn,” said Myers,“had a nickel-plated
piste! which she brought from behind her
back as 1 closed the door, Then she called

1e and said ‘If you move I'll blow

mea vile nan

your brains out, You defamed me and I want
money.’ I took thisas a joke and told her I
hadn't any money. At this the man came

forward and said; ‘Then give us @ check
for $10.00,’ picking up my checkbook on the

desk. Then he started to shake me and Miss
Benn hit me with the whip and struck me with
the pistol.’

Myers said he tried to run for the window
and Brooks threw him on the sofa. Then he
paid Mrs. Brooks showed a black-handled knife,
but did not attempt to use it. Brooks and
oneof the women, he sald, dragged him to the
window and tried to throw him out, but he

t away and fell on the sofa again. When
the janitor, came in he was still on the sofa
and the janitor ran out.

“Did Srooks do anything else to you,” asked
Mr. Hennessy.

Myers said he took him once by the throat
end threw him on the floor. Upon cross-ex-
mination by Mr. Lowenstein Myers said he
en office at Canal street an way.

e i an insurance agent in siness for

mself,

“Are you @ son of Theodore W. Myers?”

*I am not,”

“Did you ever represent yourself as a son of

e former Comptroller's in this court?” asked

. Lowenstein.

Mr. Myers said he did not remember, where-
upon Magistrate Flammer told him that he
tell the truth and not beat around the
. “Any sane person,” said the Magistrate,

‘would remember if he had been arraigned in

. It's one of the most important events

4 man’s life.”

Myers then admitted he had been arraigned
{n court, which court he did not remember, but
baid he had not represented himself to be a
b0n of Theodore W. Myers.

“I don't see why I have to be ruined for life,”

id Myers to the Magistrate, “because a man

ied 10 murder me.”

He then admitted he had been sent to Black-
pals Island as the result of not paying a board

In reply to further questions Myers said he
had met Miss Benn three times. “She picked
me up on the street,” said he,

Myers said he was a man of some means,

@ also stated that he had never admitted

ving made false statements about Miss Benn,

When Myers had finished George W. Nelson,
he janitor of the apartment house, was called,

e said Myers lived in style there, but he had

ever seen Miss Benn in his rooms _ before,

hen he was told of the fracas and opened
he door he saw only Brooks and Miss Benn,
yers was standing, figptin with Brooks, he
sad. He had not seen Mrs. Brooks nor had he
fen arevolver or a knife anywhere.
While I was trying to get the police,” sald
elson, “four men came up and said a woman
Was being murdered and they were going to
ip her, I think they took the people away
fore the police came.”

Nelson, the elevator boy, sald Miss Benn

did not have a key to Myers’s apartments. He

had opened the door for the three upon their
Statement that Myers was expecting them.
The face of Miss Benn grew red while Myers

Was giving his testimony. When her turn
Came she said Myers had not met her on the
Street, She had been regularly introduced
tohim at a dinner at the Hoffman House which
e Was having with two friends, one of whom
new Myers, One night, she said, he called

&t the home of Mr. and Mrs. Brooks, where she
S staying, and she had met him another
fime in the Park, but had only had a few words

With him.

 
 
 

ther time,” said Miss Benn, “one rain
saw him on the opposite side of Fifth
aren 6 from where Tlive. He walked up and
Reap, for wo hours in the rain, staring at my
The Magistrate provoked a laugh by asking
~ hid a musical instrument.
Ast Wednesday Miss Benn said Mr. Brooks

bold her that Myers was circulating false stories
ut her They were cruel stories,” she

Mid. “I cannot repeat them here, but the

vets the kind that makes a woman feel a
ugh she could kill the man who repeated
em if she is innocent of the charges. 1 told

Peers that IT intended that Myers should
vat them if L had to go to his apartments

Qod make him. It was then that

i as the Mr. Brook
6 his wile offered to go with me. We did
Ri lave 8 pistol oraknife, but I hada whip,
® en Mr. Myers came in the door I went up

 

‘mand accused him of telling lies about
2 At that he sprang forward with his cane,
a ed the whip, but did not strike him, for

shan have time. He struck me with his
_ 4nd T putup my hand and he caught my
im in his mouth. It was then that Mr.

fr 7 s fy « forward to my assistance and
‘ Shed iim

hari, Benn said the last with an air which

a Nhat despite all the trouble that had

 
  

She felt a certain satisfaction at
‘ular pa
he hae

 

rt of the episode. She de-
ven thought of such a thing

  
    

   
 

  
 

Mr. | g for money or a check,
family “and been’ then asked her about her
from P. tts! her affairs. She said she came
ARAN A rg, where her family lived. She
With the f ‘hesaid, and hus an account
Brooks. I ker Trust Company.
had a | ud that no one in the party
fora.” i} rarevolver, “I did not Inter-
Ben} q intil | saw Myers bite Miss
told } : Then T hauled him away and
Retriaa wasn ‘part ofamantobitea woman.
Ward } ‘ike me indi struck back. After-
emt oo to the window and stuck his
i Arm w nat io A call for help. That's how

 

   

: No one mentioned such a thing,”
broker and oc, oks sald he was a mining
We mo 2 With his wife from Buffalo
aid ie They met Miss Benn, he
Phorated F arr valhere. Mrs, Brooks cor-
Of hor} put the last part of the stories
tina! tid and Miss Benn, which she was
Rone Te ‘id, hecause she left the
thamt in hoe Lsaw Mr. Myers put Miss Benn's
inching ee te” said she, “and heard the

f ck and Thad to leave.”

  
  

ne represented hime
mptroller Myers was as-
n Bar v of the Nineteenth
! he had arrested Myers
vy having an altereation. in
roan. When he was taken
“ Myers he said, was dis-
nent that he was a son of

 

niner, at theeonelusion of the
"ee Was satistied that Mrs.
no part in the affair, She
hong under the domina-

ind, he said, Mr. Henness
hand she was diecharaed,

W no reason why this should
case of the other two, but

ay sid hey should be held under
os'onces. Magistrate Flammer

J r, Hennexy
the ci
he

would take that course, but as to the

charge of rol he sal
not been muflciently ro HF that i ool
dismiss it and woul hold Benn and Brooks

on a charge of felonious assault for the Grand

eure,
“Whatever justification they may have had,”
the Magistrate sald, “can make no difference aa
far as thelaw is concerned,
to the place with a whip and assaulted Myers
there, and I would not be justified in dismias-
ing the charge.” He then increased the bail
of each of the two prisoners from $500 to $1,000.
Max Barkewitz, a Sixth avenue clothier, fur-
nished bail for Miss n, and she was rel >
According to the doctors at the New York
Medical College and Hospital for Women,
which is now at 100 West 101st street, Miss Benn
was once a student in the institution, and was,
they say, a remarkably brilliant scholar. Dr,
Alice Bowman and Dr. Mary 8, Flanders sald
yesterday that Miss Benn came here from Pitts-
urg in 1895 on purpose to study medicine.
Her parents had both died and she had been
living with her stepmother. Miss Benn attended
the college for two years and then went back to

These two went

Pittsburg, they understood, The ple at
the college did not hear again about Miss Benn
until last March, when Dr. Flanders she

ot a letter from a friend in Pittaburg who said
hat Miss Benn was there keeping house for her

brother.

“Miss Benn’s parents,” said Dr, Flanders
yesterday, “were ple of means and left her
money. She also has very rich aunts in Pitts-

ard that her allow-

burg, and I have always
Miss Benn, it was

ance was considerable.”
said, was a very well educated girl, but was
unusually impulsive. At the hospital consid-
erable surprise was expressed at the fact that
none of her friends had come forward to help
her and that she had not thought to let her ac-
qpaintences at the hospital know of her pre-
ent,

 

STOLE SAN FRANCISCO'S MONEY.

Peter W. McGlade, a Well-Known Politician
of That City, Gailty of Forgery.

San FRANcISCo, June 2.—Corruption in local
politics received a severe blow to-day when
Peter W. McGlade, a Democratic politician,
who has held many municipal offices, was
convicted of forging demands on the city treas-
ury. It was proved by a handwriting expert
that McGlade, while a clerk in the Street De-
partment, forged the name of T. B. McGinnis,
deputy clerk of the Supervisors, to a demand
in favor of Thomas Dwyer for $96. Dwyer's
name and that of T. F. Clark, an employee
of the Street Department, were also forged
to the demand, Clark's name being used to
indicate that the instrument had passed through
propér channels

The name of the clerk of the Supervisors
was subscribed to the demand in order that
it might appear that it had been sworn to when

filled with the Board of Supervisors. It was
shown that this demand and sixteen other
similar forged warrants on the city treasury
were in the bundles of the Street Department
demands for which McGlade receipted in the
clerk's office, after the Board of Supervisors
had passed on them and had ordered their

Pavandwriting Expert Kytka showed b
an ng Er a sho y en-
largements of writing that McGlade had forged
all the indorsements on these demands. The
jury went out yesterday afternoon, but at
idnight reported they could not agree. The
udge ordered them locked up for the night
and they reached a verdict this morning,

MeGlade confidently expected that his political
ull would secure a di ment of the jury
f not his acquittal, and he was dumfounded

by the result. He may be sent to State Prison

for from one to fourteen years. There are
sixteen other indictments against him for
similar offences and all will be pressed.

McGlade was formerly one of the best-
known politicians in the city. He was once
a deputy in the office of Registrar of Voters
and in 1894 was a candidate for clerk of the Su-
preme Court. Under Superintendent of Streets
Ambrose he was bookkeeper in the Street
Department. It was while employed in that
capacity that he committed the forgeries.

 

THE BROOKLYN INSTITUTE.

Ground to Be Broken for a New Building
Next Wednesday Afternoon.

The exercises connected with the breaking
of ground for the erection of the next or cen-
tral section of the Museum building of the
Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences will
be held at the Museum site on the Eastern Park-
way on next Wednesday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. The contract for the erection of the
central section or pavilion was signed by Comp-
troler Coler on behalf of the city of New York
on Tupedsy last. Invitations were extended

terday to Mayor Van Wyck, Comptroller
Coler and Park Commissioner Brower to be
present at the exercises and to deliver addresses
on behalf of the city of New York and the De-

nt of Parks. The Hon, Charles A.
President of the Board of
titute, will preside. Prayer
will be offered by the Rev. Albert J. Lyman.
D. D.. the President of the Council of the In-
stitute, and there will be one or two brief ad-
dresses given by representative citizens of
Brooklyn. Comptroller Coler and Park Com-
missioner Brower accepted invitations to speak
yesterday afternoon.

The central section of
of the Museum, work on wi)
ing the present week, wil

e northern facade
ch will begin dur-
be 140 feet front,
acing the Eastern Parkway, ape 122 feet i
depth. It will form the central and princ!
entrance to the northern half of the entire
Museum structure when completed. The build-
ing will be four stories and a basement in height.
The basement story is 30 feet in height and
contains an auditorium that will seat 1,250
people. The architecture, both of the exterior
pnd of the interior, resembles the Pantheon in
ome.

REBELS NEAR BARRANQUILLA,

Were About to Attack Santa Marta When a
Steamer Left There,

According to advices brought here from
Santa Marta, Colombia, by a fruit steamer
which arrived on Friday, the revolutionists un-
der Gen. Duran, numbering nearly 5,000, were
on the outskirts of the town and an attack was
expected. Besides these forces. the rebels had
two of their gunboats near the port. An officer
of the ship said yesterday that ho believed San-
ta Marta, which is near Barranquilla and one
of the most important ports, had fallen by this
time as the Government had only a small garri-
son at that point.

The Colomian rebel junta in this city is hav-
ing a hearty laugh at the expense of Gow
ernment over the manser in which the people
of Barranquilla were enlightened while cele-
brating an alle insurgent defeat. “Official
Bullitin number 85,” was iasued by the Govern-
ment at Barranquilla telling of a despatch re-
ceived from Ocafia, State of Santander, with
the details of a battle in which the rebels had
lost 400 killed, 1,400 captured. This news was
cabled to this country and Europe, An elabor-
ate celebration of three days’ duration was
planned by the loyal residents of Barran-
quilla. There were 6 hes, music and fire-
works. On the second day of the celebration,
Col, Luis J. Sanchezand Col. Pedro A. Pulido
arrived at Barranquilla. They were received
with great enthusiasm, but when they learned
the cause of the festivities they denied having
sent any news of a battle asserted that no
such engagement had taken place. The cele-
bration was discontinued.

 

 

A WOMAN DROWNED FROM A BOAT.

Barge Captain Anderson Says He Was Row-
ing Her to His Boat.

Charles Pfeiser, a watchman employed by
the New Jersey Central Railroad, while stand-
ing on Pier 6 at Communipaw = about
8:30 o'clock last night, heard a woman's
screams. In the basin between Piers

6 and 6 the watchman found an
overturned rowboat and a man clinging to the
bottom of {t. The woman had disappeared
and, no doubt, had been drowned, The
man, who lapsed into unconsciousness
as soon as he was rescued, was
removed to the city hospital. He apparently
had been drinking heavily. About two hours
later he recovered consciousness and said that
he was Bertol Anderson, 45 years old, captain
of the barge Brooklyn, which was anchored off
the railroad pier.

The woman, he said, was his sister-in-law, but
he could not remember ber name. He was
rowing her out to the barge, ho said, when the
boat capsized. Anderson did not know until
he was to!d that the woman had been drowned.
Search was made for the body but it was not
recovered

A Draw Between Rice and Daly,

Austin Rice of New London and Andy Daly
of Boston put up one of the hardest and fastest
bouts of the season at the Sampson A. C, lost
night. They were scheduled to fight twenty
rounds at 118 pounds. Both men weighed ‘n
at the ring side, Rice just tipping the beam arid
Daly sealing 118. For some reason not made
known to the spectators it was agreed upon
that if both were on their feet at the en
of the cwentieth round the fight would be de-
clared a draw, The bout went the limit and the
result wasadraw, The first preliminary bout
was adraw. In the second McPadden knocked
Kid Spellman out,

Both Kortright Wills Dispated.

Notices of contest were filed in the Surrogate's
Court yesterday against the two wills of Gou-
verneur Kortright, who died recently in a
sanitarium. His wife contests his last willon
io srode of nal rl

guardian of his con
op the ground thet this pot his last will.

 

—

TWO NOTABLE CHARITIES,

————————

MARVELLOVS GROWTH OF THE
NEEDLEWORK AND FLOWER GUILDs,

amen
How These Organizations Containing Many
Women of Social Prominence Condact Et.
fective Work Among the Poor—Simplicity
of the Plan Which Binds Them Together,
and the Great Scope of Their Usefulness,

Within the past few years much attention has
been attracted by the marvellous growth of two
charitable movements, which, though having
slightly different objects, are yet closely allied,
and which have now attained 4 scope that is
national in character. These two organizations
are the Needlewook Guild of America and the
National Plant, Fruit and Flower Guild, the
former having now about $25 branches in thirty-
nine States, while the latter, started seven years
ago as 8 sort of offshoot of the other,
has more than eighty branches throughout
the country and several thousand members:
Both are monuments to the organizing genius
ot Mrs. John Wood Stewart, who founded them,
and their growth is interesting as showing what
women of collective work can accomplish in
helping poor and suffering people in hospitals,
institutions and charity settlements. The
Needlework Guild, the object of which is to fur-
nish suitable new garments to meet the wants
of such institutions, collected and distributed
last year 818,623 separate garments, an increase
over the distribution of the previous year of
11,887. These garments were distributed in
several hundred institutions in the big cities of
the country as far West as Chicago. In con-
formanc> with the by-laws of the guild all of
the articles distributed were brandnew, From
this oan be seen the extent and value of the
work of the guildand the reason why it has
become such @ force in the field of charitable

enterprise.

The guild was started in Philadelphia in 1885
by Mrs. Stewart and five other women. Mrs.
Stewart is a niece of Mra. Levi P. Morton and
she soon enlisted the support of women of
position in the social work, which in the fifteen
years of the organization's history has never
been withdrawn. The idea of a needlework
guild, however, was not conwived by Mrs.
Stewart, as a similar organization had been
started in Engiand several years befom by
Lady Wolverton, who had seen what good
could be accomplished by having a cen-
tral stock of clothing from which
to give grants of new garments made
by common agreement in the materials
and kinds most needed by the poor, Lady

Wolverton saw that by small contributions of
garments from a large number of persons she
would secure quantity and by direction froma
centre she would secure likeness in Kind, These
were the mainjpoints of her scheme, and the
success which the movement which grew out of
itattained led two years later to the founding
of the American organization bygMrs, Stewart.

Although the movement which had its incep-
tion in Philadelphia was at first intended to
have a distinctly local character, it grew to
have a wider scope within afew years through
the efforts of Mrs. Stewart and others interested
with her in getting independent societies to
combine forces and start branches in other
places. In 1886 the quilg had seven branches,
and from that small beginning it has grown to
what itis to-day. Philadeiphia has always re-
mained the headquarters of the guild, and the
branch there has always been regarded as the
parent one, To become amember of the guild
one must pledge herself to give at least two
new garments a year. The unit of organ-
zation is a4 group of five persons,

resident, Secretary and three directors. These
five persons constitutein the country district a
branch and in a cdty merely a section, A city
branch is composed of ten sections. From the
headquarters of the guild in Philadelphia are
sent out tothe branches lists of institutions inthe
cities of their district, among which the gar-
ments collected are to distributed, returns being
made to the central office of the work done. Itis
probaby because of its simple scheme of organi-
ration that the guild has grown so wonderfully
It has enabled the guil %
channel through which al
unity.

Once a year 4 collection is made of the gar-
ments furnished by the members and the dis-
tribution to the hospitaleis then made. In the
case of country branches the articles are gen-
erally sent to the nearest large city to be dis-
tributed among its institutions, although any
branch has the right to give to individuals
spoughs to be worthy of assistance. A peculiar

lan is followed throughout the guildin the se-
ection of officers. The collection of twenty-two
garments a year makes a member a director,
and in many branches there are consequently
more directors than members. A direotor has
the right to yote on all matters concerning the
welfare of a branch and on the distribution of

rments. This vote is taken atthe one meet-
pg a branch ,holds each year, when the collec-
tion is made and the returns sent to the head-
quarters in Philadelphia. Thus the work is
kept together, Statistics can be prepared, and
the different branches and sections are held in
touch with one another. Throughout the league
the one aim is tosupply clothing for the poor,
who are reached through ho<pitals and institu-
tions,and the fact that nearly 350,000 gar-
ments were thus distributed at the last an-
nual meeting of the branches shows how con-
ecientiously the purpose of the organization has
been adhered to.

Nearly all the principal cities of the country
now have one or more branches of the guild
ay there are branches also found in places

tha p: spalation scarcely exceeding 1,000. Asa
Pesult of the plan on which branches are or-
ganized, however, even the smallest is in touch
with the others and its work ia notedand goes
fn with the rest when the day for the annual
collection comes around.

Great as the scope of the guild’s work has be-
come, it has never imposed any great financial
burdens on its members. The annual dues are
60 cents, and this money is turned over every
year to the treasurerin Philadelphia. The total
collected from this source in 1890 was $2,468. It
cost just $2,606 to run the organization during
the same year, the balance being made up by
interest on some legacies. No other orgrn{-
zation the size of the Needlework Guild is
run as cheaply when it 1s considered that
the benefita which the poor in the cities derive
every year from it cannot possibly be measured
in dollars and cents. The value of the work in
cases of specyl emergency was shown at the
time of the Johnstown flood, when, though
etill in its infancy, a call was sent out from
headquarters to the branches, and in re-
sponse cases of new clothing were soon on the
way to the flood sufferers as an extra offering
from the guild. This haa been repeated in
several other instances aince then.

Mrs. John Wood Stewart still holds the place
of founder in the guild and her aunt, Mrs. Levi
P. Morton, is the Honorary President. The
National President is Mrs. Charles D. Hamill of
Chicago. Cities from New York to San Fran-
Cisco are represented in the Board of Directors
ane in the different commmition which look

r the general work of the guild.

Amore recent arrival in the saine fleld with
the Needlework Guild is the Fruit and Flower
Guild, which, asits Dame {mplies, has for its ob-
ject the distribution of fruit, lowers and delica-
cies in hospitals and charitable institutions.
eas the same methods are einployed by the

lower Guild, and the two organizations are
really patterned on the same lines. More than

become a sort of
work together in

than 200,000 bunches of flowers were aent out by
the guild last summer, and neariy 10,000
cases of delicacies Like the Needle

work Guild, t popularity of the Flower
Guid has steadily increased since its inception
in 1803, and of late it has been made the distri-
buting agency to which flowers have bean sent
from scores of big weddings by persons desiring
to have them sent where they will be most
appreciates. | the flowers from the wed-
dings of Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt, Miss Morton,
and Miss Clark were sent to the guild for dis-
tribution.

Throughout the country flowers sent by the
guild are carried by the express companies 100
miles free of cost, aspecial tag being supplied,
which is honored everywhere. In. this way
country branches, which are the chief collect-
ing stations for flowers, are able to send to the
big cities nearest them thousands of flowers
without expense. These flowers are forwarded
to institutions which have filled out the blanks
sent them by the guild. These blanks show
nee many bunchesot flowers the hospital would

ike and on what day flowers should be sent.

The needs of the institutions are thus tabu-
lated and the in’ ormation sent to the country
branches within a hundred miles of the city
wherein the institutions are located, The only
qualification needed for membership in the
Flower Guild ts a promise to supply a basket
of flowers aweek. Thay oan be of any kind.
In the cities the work of the branches is mostly
to collect from weddings and entertainments,
Already the Fiower Guild is firmly establi- hed
in all the Eastern States and as far West as Li-
linois. The outgrowth of the individual flower
missions, it ls now rapidly absorbing all the in-
stitutions which have the distribution of flowers
among the poor and sick as their object, al-
though every attempt is made to prevent over-
lapping in cases where independent work «+ ar-
ried on s

Astwith the Needlework Guild, the purpose 1s
to secure unity and coéperation in the work of
helping the poor, and each city has an advise’ ¥
board whose provinoe itis to secure and tran.-
mit information as tathe supply and demand
for flowers, and see that there tsno overlapping.
The headquarters of the Flower Guild since its
organization have been in New York, although
the first branch was started at Glen Ridge, the
home of the founder, Mrs. Stewart, At present
the offices are at 20 Fifth avenue, where the
Aleruiat is published. This paper is devoted to
the work of the two organizations and appears
four times a year

The officers of the Flower Guild for 1900 are
Mrs. Winthrop Sargent, of Boston, President;

Mrs. John Re rexel, neral Treagurer, and
: 5 ; ng, General Secretary
Mra. f. w Vanderbilt President

New York branch. ls ‘the om

V

WOMAN ATTACKED BY JAGUAR,

He Springs at Her and Strikes Her Down
With His Right Paw.

A full-grown jaguar fresh from South
America is one of the features in Bostock's
trained animal show exhibiting in Newark.
There are other jaguars in the show and they
have been completely cowed by pistol shots
and whip lashings at the hands of Mme.
Mourelle, a French woman who daily puts them
through their paces in a big circular cage. Tho
new arrival has been keptin a box cage where
he could see all that was going on and yester-
day Mme, Laurelle thought at noop that it
Would bea fine opportunity to start with his
training when there were no visitors on hand,
She let out the big spotted cats which she had
Already subjugated with her whip and then
openedthe bars of the new jaguar’s cage, He
came out promptly and slunk around the arena
With the whip cracking over him, She thought
that the jaguar would join the others in a large
cage provided with a runway, but he showed
no disposition to do so and crept under the
runway

Mme, Maurelle then lashed him over the
head with her whip and shouted a volley of
commands at him in French. The words.
se*med to enrage him more than the whip and
slinking ou t, he suddenly turned and sprang at
per. She tried to dodge the onslaught, but the

aguar's right paw struck ber shoulder and she
spun roundand fell upon her face with her

ands under her. In a second the beast was
upon her holding her down with both paws
Sunk in her back

Harry Gottlob was the only onlooker and he

shouted for help, Mat Johnson, the elephant

 

man of the show, sprang into the
cage through a trap and the jaguar
left the woman and slunk away, trying
to hide himself under the gangway. The box

cage was again opened by Johnson, and
Mme. Maurelle, arising to her feet, again
faced the animal, cracking her whip. Johnson
fired two blank cartridges close to the beast’s
head and it sneaked away and sprang into {ts
old cage

Mme. Maurelle went to her quarters anda
surgeon dressed her wounds, saying that she
was not badly hurt. She is covered with scars
from previous encounters with wild beasts and
did not seem to mind yesterday's hurts.

WHAT THE PLAY SCHOOLS DID,

Recreation and Instruction Wisely United in
This Branch of Public Work.

The Department of Education has published
the report of the Committee on Play Schools of
the Board of Superintendents, telling what was
done in the play schools of Manhattan and the
Bronx in the vacation seasoi of 1899. Morse
than seventy play centres were established in
the two boroughs, and more than 100,000 chil-
dren took advantage of the facilities offered in
them.

“Starting with the play instinct of children,”
the report says, “and keeping it ever most
prominently in view, a system of physical train-
ing and character building was organized and
administered wiih the assistance of twelve gen-
era) directors and 500 play teachers, Many
boys were led from play to an Intelligent ap-
preciation of the beginning of some industry,
and many girls to an intelligent appreciation
of the beginnings of some department of domes-
tic science,
Open alr playgrounds were established, the
parks were utilized where possible, instruction
inswimming was given at the swimming baths,
kindergarten games were arranged at the
recreation plers and there were library and in-
dustrial work in the vacation schools, There
‘were thirty-one school playgrounds, with the
eame number of libraries and reading rooms
with quiet games, five kindergarden tents and
as many outdoor gymansia, three kindergar-
ten grounds in Central Park, six recreation
piers, seven roof gardens, ten swimming baths
and six evening play centres. Seventeen of the
Jay schools were in the West Side, scattered
rom the Battery to the Harlem River, and
Fifty-eight dotted the East Side, all the way up
wie street.
he teachers’ attention was directed par-
tleularly to character building. Little girls
who are obliged to aid in caring for smaller
brothers and sisters and for the sick at their
homes received valuable lessons in infant feed-
ing and invalid cookery# A complete apart-
ment was represented, kitchen, dining room,
arior and bedroom, and although there was
© bath, practical lessons in how to bathe in
one’s bedroom were given by the teacher in
nursing.
The children in attendance at certain sessions
of the schools were taken upon barge excur-
sions up the North and East rivers and down
the bay, not only for outings, but to study
eography and nature, and others were taken
fy elevated railroad trains to the Aquari
the Museums of Art and Natural History, an
the playgrounds in Crotona and Claremont
parks.

COLUMBIA'S COMMENCEMENT.

All the Exercises to Be Held on the Campus
This Season,

Unusual preparations are being made at
Columbia this year for the university oom-
mencement to be held on June 13, For the
first time in the history of the institution the
entire programme of exercises will be conducted
on the campus, Owing to the lack of a sult-
able hall, the gymnasium will be impressed
into service as an auditorium, The feature
of the exercises will be an academic procession
of trustees, administrative officers, the faculty
and candidates for degrees, all in caps and
gowns, and hoods of variegated colors, City
and State officials, as well as the Presidents of
other colleges, will be among the invited guests,
The number of degroes to be granted ts larger
than ever before, as more than 500 men and
women will receive one title or dnother, For
the post-graduate degree of master of arts
alone there are 127 candidates.

The list of those who will receive honorary
degrees is not announced until commence-
ment day itself, but it is known that, among
others, Dr. William H. Maxwell, City Super-
intendent of Schools, will receive the honorary
dewree of master of arts,

The commencoment exercises of both Bar-
nard and Teachers’ colleges will be merged
this year with those of the university, and
for the first time the university will grant
| degrees in the three institutions, The
accwaureate sermon to the senior class will
be preached by the Rey. Dr. Charles Cuthbert
Hall, President of the Uniow Theologteal Sem-
inary, in the gymnasium on Sunday after-
noon, June 10, and the alumni reunions and
mass meeting will be held on the afternoon
of commencement.
The wndergraduate body have

for a series of games and boat races for the
edification of returning alumni during the
week.

 

BRYAN AND ALLEN AS SENATORS.

Fuston Legisiative Candidates in Nebraska
Directed to Vote for Them.
Ixco.n, Neb., June 2—At their county con-
vention to-day the Fusionists of Saline county
instructed the three candidates for the Legis-
lature, named by them, to vote for
Bryan and Allen for United States Sen-
ators at the sitting of that body next

winter. This is the first nominating convention
held in the State and it is believed to be the
first step taken by Bryan's friends to provide

a place for him trom which he may
earry on his fight against Republicanism,
{in case he is defeated tor President

It has been conceded that in case the

this fall
win the Legislature, Allen

Fusionists should
would be Populist nominee to succeed himeelf,
while a Democrat would have Thurston's place.
Already there are three avowed candidates—
Editor Hicheock of Omaha, W. Doldham and
W. H. ‘Thompson, :

Mr. Bryan jokingly said to-night that as he ex-
ected to be elected this year to a higher office
would not be able to accept a Senatorship,
A resolution reaftirming the Chicago platform,

especially free silver, Was adopted,

Show of Wild Roses and Their Descendants,

The wild roses of the world will be the feature
of the forthcoming show of the American Rose
Society to beheld at the Eden Musée on June
12,13 and 14. These will be contributed by the
New York Botanical Garden and from the pri-
vate collection of Dr. Van Fleet of Little Silver,
N. J., an enthusiastic collector. These origina
species of rose bave never yet been seen to-
gether inthis city, and the society has been at
considerable trouble to get such a representa-
tion. Here will bo seen the originals from
which ali our modern beautiful roses have de-
scended. Mr. F, R. Newbold of Poughkeepsie,
has consented to act as judge. From Mr. Pratt's
Long Island home will come @ rare display of
garden roses not often seen, W.W. Law, Briar-
cliff Manor, Sing Sing, will send several hun-
dred roses,

 

 

 

 

Jollet Steel Mills to Start Up.

Jouret, Il., June 2.—The Merchants’ Billet
and Converting Mills of the Federal Steel Com-
pany will resume operations on next Monday.
A large number of men have been notified to
report for work, The company has a number
of orders on hand, and if an agreement can be
reached by July 1 with the Amalgamated [ron
Workers the mill will run full force all eummer
The tin plate mill, McKenna Rolling Mills and
three mills of the American 8! and Wire
Company are now running.

E 8, 1900.

&CO
1A

NAVAL WAR COLLEGE OPEN

 

BEST

JPUTIAN

om

ASSISTANT SECRETARY HACKETT
MAKES THE FORMAL ADDRESS,

Speaks of the Navy From a Civilian’s Stand-
point—-The Test of Success—The Mental
and Moral Equipment of the Sailor—De-
fence of Our New Possessions to Be Stadied.

Newport, R, I., June 2.—The regular summer
session of the Naval War College was formally
opened this morning, the Hon, Frank W, Hack-
ett, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, ad-
dressing the class, There was the largest
gathering that has ever attended an opening
session, Not only were the members of the
class present, but all the officers who could at-
tend from the various war ships in the harbor
were on hand, There was also a sprinkling
from the cottage colony.

The opening remarks were made by Capt.
C. H. Stockton, the President of the college.
He said that the course this year would be noted
for two features, one that officers from every
branch of the United States military service
would be in attendance, and the other was that
the opening address would be made by a man
who had seen service in the Navy during the
‘war and later had served on the Geneva Arbi-
tration Board, which brought the United States
and England so closely together. He then in-
troduced the Assistant Secretary, who was re-
ceived with great applause. Mr. Hackett said:

“Our navy has never been intrenched more
firmly in the popular heart than at this very
hour. Coast and interior alike pulsate with a
thrill of patriotic fervor for glorious achieve-
ment. The peaks of the Hockies, as it were,
catch the spray of inspiration. The average
American citizen, though he may be a little
mystifled at its technique, is proud of the Navy.

“Now that the sphere of our responsibility as
a nation has widened, and populations here-
tofore strange to us rely upon the American
flag for an advance of civilization, and for the
blessings of a stable government with political
freedom, itis plain that new duties are required,
and will continue to be required of our com-
manding officers in distant waters. It behvoves
nder well the inquiry, How shall
the Navy officer of the near future best meet
the demands that his country has laid upon
him? Such is the question pou study here to
answer.

“Itis curious to note that two branches of
the service which havea ao much in ecoammon
should differ widely whan brought to a defini-
tion. Speak of the Army, and you call before
you a body of men armed and trained. Speak
of the Navy, and we picture to ourseives ships
armed and furnished with officers and crews.
That is to say, while the former means men,
the latter brings up the material instrument
with which men work--a ship and her guns,
rather than the man himself. But the world
has personified a ship, from the days of Homer
down. _ The custom ought not to blind one to the
truth that the ship and her armament is, after
all, but s0 much inert matter. It is the man—
the brain of man—that is everything.

_ "That we may have peace you teach war.
Youholdofficers to the one central fact that the
Navy means organized preparation to crush
an enemy. It means that men and material
are ready upon the instant. When Napoleon
was asked why his first Italian campaign was
the most successful of all his campaigns, his
Feply was: ' Because it was most cere ully stud-
fed out beforehand.’ All the book learnin,
in the world might fall to create a sucoessfu
Captain; and yet the leader who can profit
by the experience of others has the advantage
of him who relies altogether upon his ownintul-
tions. So here you proclaim that study and
hard thinking are inorder. A battle on land
or water means that somebody has been work-

 

as an example of the
our establishment.

low prices made
in large quantities,

Also a line of

PAINTED AND FEATHERED HIM.

Said His Cruelty Caused His Wife's
Death, bat He Denies It.

Briporton, N. J., June 2.—T. Smith Alford,
a union glass blower living in South Bridge-
ton, spent most of last night in removing from
his body a coat of roofing paint and feathers
which had been administered to him by a band
of masked men. This morning just after
he had made himself presentable the funeral
of his wife, for whose death the masked men
aiieged that he was responsibie, iovk piavs.
The story is told in Alford’s own words.

“They came to my house and one pulled
me out,” said Alford. “They all wore white
masks, They took me down to a clump of
woods about a mile below here. I don't know
how many there were in the gang at the house.
There were a dozen when they got me to
woods. fey all had revolvers and
wouldn't ot anybod follow them. I recogni
some of them, but don't care to say who they
were. They pointed revolvers and threatened
to shoot me If I ceaa © cogse along right.
they got me tothe woods they pointed reval-
vers all around my head and ordered me to
strip L mazant, wince I ake. Then they , tee

a mé, put a ro around my
a ech choked tha, gad noe bed ft
pull it tighter if I struggled. Then they took
roofing paint, smeared

tall over my body
and put on the feathers. Then bad me down
there an hour or more after abusing
in every way they co they ran off ani
came home. It took me all nigns to qos De
Bark ams ning Tost Goble with tie ea
ut Iam having lota of trouble w
ng dead and

us, then, to

rageous treatment, my wife |
two little girls here to care for

Alford said the stories that he {fll-treated
his wife were not true and were started by
the women o hborhood.

no all he

ing out a plan. These vari 1 t clared he ne e could for her. He

have evolved rules and maxims, as on oo is a union oles ower and has aes been work-
anywhere this season, but has been re-

tain principles that prove of more or less value
as guides for future action. What these rules
are, how best to apply them, when they can be
eafely violated—these, and such as these, ate
vital topics with which the War College deals
All that is intellectual inthe makeup of the offi-
cer responds gladly to the prospect of an ex-
ercise thus invigorating and broadening.

“In war, asin every other atrugele, the test
of success is that the commander works out
the largest results possible with the instru-
pent put into his hands. He that waits that

e may have something better to go ahead
with never wins a battle. Theeffective force
to be gotoutof aship depends onthe man who
handles her, These, to be sure, are but com-
monplace observations; but, nevertheless, the
idea they embody ought ever to be present
to the mind of an officer fit to command, Ob-
viously, the Revel proveseion lies open to very
much the same influences that operate in other
professions.

“There can be no lowering of the standard.
Matchless as is the record of past achieve-
ment, the captain of the future must subject
himself to a test even more rigid. Ho hall
evince more ardor than Paul Jones; more

i
cetving $8 a week from the association since
ea

big strike.
Thotnal hbors say he cursed his wife while
she lay dying and paid no heed to her 8
for fatance. The women of the neig oy \
hood have been intensely indignant and a
ford was warned a week ago what he might
expect.

EALTENBORN CONCERTS RESUMED.

 

 

Opening of the Season of Summer Night Musto
at St. Nicholas Garden.

The Kaltenborn concerts, which were the
eucoessful musical feature of summer life in
New York last year, were resumed last night
in St. Nicholas Garden, where they were held
last year. It is an _ accessible place
and pleasant enough as a summer concert
hall-when the weather allows any part of the
city to be pleasant. It is cheerfully decorated,
light refreahments are served and smoking is
allowed, The orchestra has been in

until it {nciudes fifty players and with Frans

Kattenborn as conductor is quite capable of

fulfilling Its purpose at these concerts,

The only striking change in the arrangements
is the reservation of a certain number of eeats
at tables and an increase in prices. _ The audi-
ence was large last night, and Mr. Kaltenborn
was received with a warmth that showed he has
already gathered a_ circle of friends and

|
|

skill than Hull; more daring than Decatur;
more firmness than Farragut. First and al-
ways he shall be a sailor—shall excel in sea-
manship. Sails and topgallantmasts have
disappeared, but the mystery of the ocean
remains. To read wind and current; to have
his ship in hand through storm and calm: to
keep her stanch and trim, and at her best—
this is to be in truth a sailor,

“Your officer is to carry a stout heart—shrink his at t to. give

admirers through

rom nothing—take the risk. He must har- | good music at ypular prices during
or & Compre ension of that miracle of human | the summer snontha nds his syopee
SeONy erbrenee etna” | Bee actn are cece SONar ces
D. st be ore last summer e ramme last nig
quaintance with chemin? electricity, hy- wee an glnaee bralude, "Dis eistersinger,”’

Wagner; Dream music, “Hansel und Gretel,”
Humperdinck; Two Hungarian Dances, Brahms;
String Orchestra serenade, op. 9, Fuchs; waltz,
des Lebens,”’ Srauss; Overture
Farewell
No. 3,

giene, some familiarity th diplomacy and
with the outlines of international law. We
would have him conversant with human nature
unger, & bive pane oor ion

7 us avoid impos upon a ran offi-
cer a burden of multitudlnons details, Me

“Freuet Euch
“Mignon,” Thomas; Trumpet Solo,
Song, Nestler; Hyngarian Rhapsodie,

talent and energy are to a service : t “Poet and Peasant.” Suppe,
infinitely more important. His business is to and Polke Macurka, “Lob der Frauen,” Strauee
seed che protien fee to verter: Newel ip | ogsey fe Eemirlan’ the ‘serulta beet Bagh abd
flect ni results las a
the use of that which his country has intrusted there was No that extent a diderence to be

to him, wherewith to meet and destro
enemy. This it is to compass the art o

= noted over the concerts given last summer
in a larger aspect, to rise above what is petty,
and to deal with what ls grand and enduring.”

under the eame auspices. They seem UAT, te
continue as successful as they were at that
time anda summer night in wre coud Bee be

ore agree: spent than a! concerts.
honor of the Assistant Secretary. Thisa: = we
noon Mr. Hackett was taken for a spin ont
torpedo boat Porter and shown the workings of
such craft, several to’ oes being fired for
him. Later he visited Fort Adams, where he
was received with the cusomary ealute, and a
battery drill was given in his honor, He will
return to Washington to-morrow.

Following is the schedule for the War Col-
lege for next week: Monday; explanation of the
courses by the ident; explanation of the

 

A reception was then held in the brary tn
© | LARGE-SIZED LEGISLATIVE FUND.

 

Postal Clerks Said to Be Raising $60,000 to
Push Legislation.

Postmaster Van Cott said yesterday concern-

ing a reported attempt on the part of the Na-

tional Post Office Clerks’ Association to raise

war games; “Napoleon's campaign in Italy, | money by an assessment of 610 on every postal
deducing therefrom lessons in the art of war,” | clerk amployed in the large cities, to the num-

by Cant. Mahan. On Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday there will be war games
and tactical studies, and lectures on “Napoleon’s
campaigns in Italy,” by Capt. Mahan. On
Saturday there ia to_be a consideration of the
strategic situation. The problem will deal with
the defence of the north wost coast of the United
States, north of the Columbia River, the

rotection of our insular possessions, await
yum, and the Philippines. The resources an
strategical, to aphical and hydrographic
features of these coasts and waters will
studied and the defence of the country planned
against a strong naval power.

ber of 6,000, to secure the passage by Congress
of the “Classification bill’:

“The matter has not been brought to my
attention officially nor have I received any com-
plaints from the clerks themselves. If there

appears to be good ground to think that there
home truth in the story, of course the pare
will be investigated. It seems to me hardly
probable that the association would authorize
any such methods,for if news of it were to come
to the ears of Congressmen, as it could scarcely
fall] to do, it would assuredly have the éffect
of influencing adversely nome who might other-
wise have favored the bill.

The bill before Congress provides for re-clas-
sification of the Post Office clerks on the civil
service schedule so as to place ther on the same
footing as wien carriers, The National As
sociation of Post Office Clerks has been striv-
ing to get the bill through Congress at this
session. Joseph P. Healey of Station F, this city,
the National President of the association, ac-
knowledged that the fund referred to was being
collected, but declared that the money was
“to be used only for legitimate legislative ex-
penses and is in no sense 4 corruption fund.

 

Equitable Mortgage Company.

Charles M. Fowler and James M. Gifford, ap-
pointed In 1893 receivers for the Equitable
Mortgage Company, were discharged yesterday
by Judge Lacombe
$15,404,391 have been filed with the reoelvera, o
which the Equitable Securities Company has
scoured and holds claims amounting to $14,-

Gotng to the Wrecked Carinthia.

Nonrro.k, Va, June 2—The Norwegian
steamship Helios, Capt. Salvesen, arrived here
from Roston this afternoon, She will sail to-

morrow for Point Graveis, Hayti, to go to the
assistance of the steamer Carinthia, stranded
there with 1,400 mules for the British Govern-
ment,

and claims aggregating

 

FATAL BOLT FROM A TELEPHONE.

Little Boy Killed by an Electric Shock Dering
a Thander Shower,

PRINCETON, Ind., June 2.--Howard Sloan, 11
years old, son of Caleb Sloan, a farmer living
near here, was struck by lightning last evening
and killed instantly. With his mother and little
sister he was standing near the télephone in the
sitting room, watching the storm outside. A ball
of tire jumped from the telephone box and struck
the boy onthe left shoulder. Death was in-
stantaneous. The girlreceived a heavy shock
from the same bolt of lightning. The mother,
who stood between the two, recetved no shock
whatever, The boy's body was burned badly
about the left shoulder and in the region of the
heart.

 

 

ro Man Can Be

indifferent to such a collection of
super fabrics as We have assem-
pied here. Our buying organiza-
tion encircles the globe in quest
of the richest and best fabrics
that can be retailed at modest
cost—and we obtain them.

Burnham s Phillips

 

Two Staten Islanders Struck by Lightning.

Michsel Haas, 32 years old, and Herman
Schrodel, 40 years old, both employed on the
Whitman farm near Union Field, Staten Island,
were caught in the rain storm yesterday after-
noon while at work in the fleld and sought
shelter in a wash house nearby. They had
when it was struck

barely reached the house
a instantly killed and

by lightning. Haas w

. 7 to Smith's Intirmary, suf-
Custom Calloring Only, aa 6
Cemple Court Annex, ng Nassau St. Sutton Acquitted of Michigan's Military

Derro!t, June 2.—Eli R. Sutton, the young
Regent of the State University and the political

protégé of Gov. Pingree, was acquitted to-day
of complicity in the military frauds by whic
the State was swindled recently.

 

Dr.DECKERS

 

Death of Licat. Tisdale.

Lieut, Ryland D. Tisdale, U.8.N., died of
hold fever on Friday night in the Brooklyn
aval Hospital.

SHAKE NO MORE

Be NES

 

hoice assortment of clean, fresh goods,
: a advantages Of outfitting babies atr~

Many mothers are unaware of what daintily
Babies’ Goods are to be found here at all times, at the
ssible by our system of manufacturing °
under the most favorable conditionse,

This sale ie worthy the attention of every mother, .
Infants’ Short Dresses, of Nainsook,
79¢., $1.15, $1.59, $1.85.

Long Slips, of Nainsook,
4oc., 50¢., 69c., 79¢. and $1.15.

children’s long and short dresses of finer quality,
AT CORRESPONDINGLY LOW PRICES.

60-62 West 23d Street.

 

_ Special Sale

Babies’ Dresses.«,..
|

sel ¢

made

We do not believe in
blended Whiskeys.

“BONNIE BRIER
BUSH,”

(very old) and

SOUVENIR OF
SCOTLAND

(medium age) are not
blended or vatted, but are
the best products of the
Glenlivet district, sold in
their purity, in store or
in bond.

H, B, KIRK & CO., N.Y.

   
    

 

SOCIAL DOINGS AT NBWPORT.

The Summer Colony Fast Filling Up—The La
test Arrivals of New Yorkers.

Newport, R. I., June 2.—Newport ts fast fille
ing with cottagers and in a few days social
festivities will begin. The younger set will be
looked upon for entertainment to a large exe
tent this summer and it is likely that Mrs, F. 0.
inch, daughter, Miss Emfly Fren
(renee Soir: Alfred Gwyn Vanderbilt, ‘ctl

seutet wen rer: read Rig alee

uro
Srpeetes the Vanderbilt villa, “The Breakers,
will be openedin a few days and th
derbilt will not occupy Rocky Hall, th
he had rented, but will live at his own
The fact of Mr. Vanderbilt's engagement wi
make it necessary for him to go out in society

 

to rtaln extent.
The follow ‘ew Yorkers arrived a Ptr oe

+ Mr. and Mrs.

Mie Zola Globe, Mrs. W. E. Glyn, formerly.
Walter Kane; Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton Fish Wooe
ater an rt Burke-. . The steam yacht

lectra with Commodore T. try, Miss
rry and Miss Bishop arrived from New York
t nigh » Mrs. Gerry and Miss Angelica Gerry

ed in New York with measles. Mr,
ohn LaFarge, whose daughter Is to be married
pla month, joined his family here to-night. Mr.
omas Howard also arrived.

 

NEGROES SHOT AFTER THE DANCE,

Two of Them in Hospital—Manager of the
Dance Hall Arrested.

After the dancing was over in Woods's
Dancing Hall at Sixty-second street and Ame
terdam avenue ati o'clock this morning, the
hegroes who frequent the hall went
down the street an got into @
quarrel in which = six pistol shots
were fired. When the police got there they
found Andrew Richardson lying on e
sidewalk with a bullet wound in his
right temple and Thomas Vernon th
two bullet woun in abdomen, Ths
two men w taken to Roosevelt Hogpit

ere
‘where it was said that Vernon would probably

die, Richardson's wound was not serious T
folice arrested Thomas Davis, an own as
*"Lamplichter” Davis, the manager of the dano=
ing ball; asthe man who had done the major
part of theshooting. When he got to the hose
pital his face was ly. smashed and cut. H
said the police had clubbed him but they
that they had not touched bim and that he
6 his wounds in the fight, Other arrests wi
made,

FOUR DESERTERS CAPTURED.

 

 

They Are Members of the Fifteenth Infantry
at Plattsburg Barracks.

Sanatoaa, June 2.—Four members of Come
pany “A,” Fifteenth Infantry—E. R. Jonea,
Michael Walsh, Michael Deegan and Patrick
Donahue—who are charged with deserti
from the Plattsburg Barracks, were captur
here last night by Policeman Edward Morrison,
The men were in uniform and were to-day

en k to the barracks under guard. A

is is a time of war, Morrison will receive F-4
reward from the Government for each sol
eaptured.

Graham Boomed for Farnum’'s Job.

The political followers of Charles Hi. Graham
are hustling tosecure for him the place of

Chief neer of Sewers for The Bronx, {
place of Henry H. Farnum, who was suspen
@ month ago for insubordination by Deputy
Commissioners of Sewers Thomas J. Byrnes,
‘'arnum has demanded a hearing before
Commissioner of Sewers James Kane, but | is
said his removal is only a question of a few
weeks, Gr is connected with the Depart»
ment of Highways.

 

Wouldn't Tell Who Shot Him.

Columbus Smith, a Russian civil engineer whe
had not been in this country more than alz

weeks, was taken to Bellevue Hospital last
night witha bullet wound in his left leg, from
the boarding house at 118 East Eighteenth
street. He refused to tell whoshot him and he
was put in the prison ward

HUMPHREYS

WHEN IN

EUROPE.

When in Europe write or telegraph do ia
Blaze, 32 Rue Etienne-Marcel, Paris, and you
will receive the Specific wanted or the name of
the nearest town where Humphreys’ Specifics
are forsale, 77" for Grip and Colds. Specifie
"4" for Diarrhea, very important when travel
ling.

Specific 1"’ for Fevers, Congestion,

Specific "10" for Dyspepsia, Indigestion.

Specific "15" for Rheumatiam.

Specific "26" for Sea-Sickness, A preventive
and cure; take before sailing.

Specific ''27" for Kidney and Bladder,

Manual! of all maladies, especially children’s
diseases, sent free.

For sale by all druggists, or sent on receipt
of price, 26c. each. Humphreys’ Homeopathie
Medicine Co., Cor. William & John Sts, New
York.

82 Ree Etienne-Marcel, 32, Pasth ¢

“~