ree

eee

j
|

 

paar ne nh

 

H
is

 

¢

    

   

The Sener Sum,

SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1000.

—————————_
tnt /
Sabscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

 

 

 

 

  
  

DAILY, pet Month. .....+--seeee a eneecceronsees so =
DAILY, per Year......+ eves 7°
SUNDAY, per Year.......++

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...-. +, 8 CO
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month... s++s++ yo

Postage to foreign countries added.
: grur SUN, New York City.

 

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kigaque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who fator wes with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

 

———

 

The Right Way to End the Scandal.

The United States Senate voted yesterday
to fasue a new edition of: sixteen thousand
sets of '' Messages and Papers of the Presi-
dents.” In the distribution of this edition
the services of Barcus and his glib talkers
will not be required, Six thousand sets are
to be apportioned in the usual way to Sena~
tors and Representatives. Ten thousand
geta are to be put in the hands of the Super-
intendent of Documents for sale to the
public at the actual cost of making.

The House conourring, this will wind up
the mercenary and mendacious industry of
the men who are paying royalty to the Hon.
James D. RICHARDSON. It will efface the
fraudulent copyright which Mr. Rrcwarp-
BON affixed, with a view to his own
future profit, to the public papers of
all the Presidents from WasHINGTON
to MoKrvumr. It will enable any citi-
gen who desires to possess the “ten
magnifvent volumes” described in such
glowing language in poor Sporrorp’s {ll-
paid compositions for advertising purposes,
to prooure the same directly from the Gov-
ernment at a nominal price, The purchaser
will not be infested by glib talkers, and
instead of paying the $34 which Barcus
charges his victims for this Government
document he will have to-pay only $6 or $7
for the same.

When the Gallinger resolution reaches
the House it ts not Ukely that the Hon.
Jauxs D, RrowArnson will call a caucus of
the Democratio minority to consider the
advisability of opposing it. It is not likely
that he will dare to raise his own voice
against it. For when he was soliciting the
Fifty-third Congress to gtve him the dupli-
cate plates which he afterward leased for
ten years to Barcus, the Hon. JAMES Dz.
Ricwappson volubly declared that he
should always and under all conditions and
ciroumstances weloome the appearance
from time to time of further Government
editions for the publio benefit

While the Hon. James D, RicHARDSON
will probably be able to dissemble whatever
joy he feels at the passage of the Gallinger
resolution yesterday by the Senate, it should
at least bring quiet satisfaction to his states-
man soul to know that his vote can now
assist in wiping out the exceasive profite of
one of the greediest and most corrupt
and impudent monopolies that ever did busi-
ness on the strength of a public franchise,

 

Negro Disfranchisement and the
Republican Party.

This letter from a gentleman of Spartan-
burg, in South Carolina, presenta an argu-
ment which has been put forward frequently
by Southern white men since the disfran-
chisement of their negro fellow citizens:

“To THE EvIron oF Tre StN—Sir: I have
read with some interest your unfavorable criticisms of
the workings of the educational and property qualif-
cations for suffrage in those Southern States which
have sought in this manner to disfranchise the negro.
I desire respectfully to call your attention to one
feature of these restrictions, which you appear to
have overlooked, and that is, that they will surely re-
sult in building up a strong and respectable Repubit-
can patty in the South.

“Solong as the negro is the dominant factor In that
party few white men can be found who will affiliate
with it They will be compelled to remain in the
Democratic party for the purpose of maintaining
white strpremacy in thelr State and local Governments,
which appeals much more strongly to a citizen than
any question as to what economic principles shall
prevail in national affairs, and while practically all
the white people remain in the Demooratio party that
party will always retain cantrol of the State Govern-
ments.

“With the negro almost entirely eliminated from
politics, the white people will no longer feel any
necessity of acting with one political party rerard-
lees of thelr opinions on questions of national
polities and will naturally drift into that party
which more nearly represents their views. A Demo-
crat myself, { have no hesitation in saying that
those who compose the commeroctal, banking and
manufacturing elements In the South sympathize
with the principles and policies of the Republican
party and they are rapidly coming t the time when
they will oranize and direct a Republican party tn
their reapective States that no white man need be
ashamed from @ social standpoint to belong to.

“Such a condition of affairs will prove healthful to
Southern politics because it will take away from one
party the monopoly of government and will make
whatever party {sn control more careful as to the
manner in which ft makes use of the power entrusted
tolt Butsolong as the fear of negro domination,
such as prevailed in the Southern States inthe years
following the Civil War remains, believers in the gold
standard, protection and expansion must all continue
to vote with the Democratic party, and there can never
be a Republican party In the South with any strength
among the element that fs necessary to usefulness
and success. OMARLES H. HENRY.

“SPARTANDURG, 8 CG, May 50."

The possibly favorable effect of the dis-
franchisement of the negroes on the politi-
cal fortunes of the Republican party in the
Southern States has nothing to do with the
merits of the question. If that party should
consent to the injustice of the discrimina-
tion against negro citizens in “the workings
of the eduvational and property qualifica-
tions for suffrage" in those States, with the
hope of getting advantage for itself from
the gross inequality, it Would deserve
the ruin whieh would surely come upon
it. If the Republican party should
seek to commend itself to Southern
favor by conniving at the disfranchisement
of two-fifths of the citizens of the South,
who had been faithful toit, beeause of their
race and color, after having secured by its
efforts the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amend-
ments to the Constitution to protect them
in their privilege of the franchise, it would
earn the contempt of the whole American
people, those of the Southern States in-
cluded, The price is too big and its pays
ment too grossly immoral, Even if the Re-
publican party purchased the favor of the
Southern white men, so that they would
no longer be *‘ ashamed from a social stand-
point to belong "' to the dishonored party,
it would make more Northern men ashamed
to bear the odium of its disgrace,

The course of politics in the South sinoe
negro disfranchisement, moreover, has af-
forded no indication of any such tendency
teward the Republican party as Mr. HENRY
Suggests. So far from that, the actual con-
sequence has been the practical elimination
of the Republican party in all those States
and the destruction of all political opposi-
tion, the remaining oligarchy being in con-
trol r complete and so indisputable that

4

4 me

 

| even at important elections only a very

‘small part of the whites themselves are in-
terested enough to go to the polls. Mean-

| time, under the last apportionment, they
retain a power in representation in the
‘vote for President conspicuously dispropor-
tionate to their numbers and contrary to
the Constitution,

Thus the whole political equilibrium of
the Republic is destroyed. Consequently it
will be the duty of the second session of the
present Congress to correct this great and
dangerous injustice by making a fair appor-
tionment under the new census which will
be taken this summer.

This apportionment should be made in
strict compliance with the second section
of tho Fourteenth Amendment of the Con-
stitution, to this effect :

“Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States acoording to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. Hus when the right to
vote’at any election for the choice of Electors for
President and Vice-President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and
Judicial oMecers of a State or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of
age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or other
crime, the basis of representation therein shall be
reduced in the proportion which the number of such
male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male
citizens, twenty-one years of age, in such State.”

The Fifteenth Amendment, too, declares
that “the right of citizens of the United
States to voteshall not be denied or abridged
by the United States or by any State on ac-
count of race, color or previous condition of
servitude.”’

It is the duty of the Republican party to
enforce those Constitutional provisions
whether it gains or loses in the Southern
States and even if thereby it makes South-
ern white men “ ashamed"’ to belong to it,
No politica! party déseives to exist in this
Republic which neglects to guard jealously
the oquality of the suftrage, for that is es-
sential to the preservation of our politica]
system. Wherever and whenever a blow is
struck at it the American Republic is struck
in its most vital part.

 

 

The Business Outlook.

A tendency has been very noticeable
during the last few weeks toward a magni-
fioation of what are sometimes considered
to be unfavorable factors in our business
situation. It is true that most of this
talk comes from the class of gentlemen
professionally designated “ bears,"’ speo-
ulators who, having sold property which
they did not possess and borrowed
the same in order to deliver it to the buy-
ers, are endeavoring to incite the real
owners to make a genuine sale. in order
that they, the sneculators, may have an
opportunity of profitable repurchase, Pes-
simistio comment ts heard, however, in
many quarters that are usually undisturbed
by such transactions.

The basis for it all seems to be the undia-
puted fact that the prices of commodities
in general are now in full tide of reac-
tion from the high level and feverish
activity which recently prevailed. Pro-
duction has undoubtedly overtaken con-
sumption, and, in many lines of business,
has surpassed it, Hence, gloomy proph-
ecies of evil. It is declared that we
may have some little prosperity yet, but
that we have seen our best days. Produo-
tion will not be able to abate its pace,
it is averred, and we will go on rals-
ing crops and manufacturing goods that
cannot be sold save at steadily deolin-
ing prices, Then a great crash, After
a prolonged period of idleness, in which
oonsumption may again have time to
catch the slackened productive forces of
the country, our mills and farms may pos-
sibly show signs of life and something
approximating to prosperity be known,
And it is said, finally, that these disasters
will be greatly intensified and their coming
hastened by the recent creation of 80 many
new industrial corporations with vastly
expanded or “ watered’ capitalization.

Unless Tur SuN greatly. errs, we have
heard about as much of this sort of talk as
we are likely to hear. Tho pessimistic out-
flow has followed in very natural succeasion
the giddy exhilaration of last spring, and it
is at ite ebb. The truth ts, as every right-
thinking business man knows full well, that
the present, instead of being any time for
gloom, is one for unqualified rejoicing,
Never before were the foundations of
American business so firmly fixed as at
present or was the prospect more secure for
the superstructure upon them which, now
slowly, ndw rapidly, but surely and steadily,
{s being raised,

Bix months ago Tun Sun pointed out
the fact that the interests of business safety
demanded some reaction from the high
prices for commodities then ruling and
some slackening of the breakneck speed
at which business was being done. The
truth {s perhaps now more commonly
perceived than it was then. It has be-
come clear to every one that had our
business proceeded with unchecked pro-
gress a commercial panic of vast dimen-
sions would have occurred indeed. The
period from 1800 to 1896 was one of hard
times and trouble. It was caused partly
by the inflation of our currency under
the silver purchase act, and was somewhat
emphasized by the Baring failure, but was
chiefly brought about by the continual dis-
turbance of the country’s trade due to Mr,
CLEVELAND'S policy of tariff meddling,
It culminated in the panio of 1896 and the
Bryan campaign against values. With the
defeat. of BRYAN, public confidence was
restored and, after aslight pause, business
advanced by leapsand bounds, It was
wholly to be expected that it would be
accompanied with inflation and speculation,
It was in the nature of things that in many
trades, after the demand for immediate
necessity was supplied, a purely fictitious
level of prices should be reached at which
consumption would diminish and there
would be a general restriction of transac-
tions. In the unwise effort to maintain
these prices, representing a profit to pro--
ducers, in some instances, of fifteen or twenty
times the normal business gain, the credit
of many concerns Was dangerously strained,
The proper reduction of prices was some-
thing to be sought for, not prevented;
and that it has taken place without injury |
or friction is perhaps the most profoundly |
gratifying circumstance of our entire busi- |
ness revival, Those who have been so
unfortunate as to purchase at prices which
speculation established for shares of some |
of the new industrial companies are of
course to be pitied. Yet, whatever their
plight, the '* water '’ seems to be pretty well
squeezed out of these companies at present
and their stooks are now selling at prices
which in very many cases are below that
at which they were originally dealt in, and |
which represent no more than the value of |
the individual plants composing them {n
formef years.

For the first time since May of last year,
when the opincident demands for money for |

 

———

 

speculation and for the greatly expanded
business of the country caused a rapid
diminution of bank reserves, the fulure
prospect of our money market may be said
to be one of prolonged ease. The very
greatly improved condition of the great
imperial banks of England, France and
Germany has made the needs of borrowers
in those countries less insistent, and the

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

 

 

 

| paper and clapped Gospodin WrsseLino- | had; and the Phiegethon, while of

+ vireH in jail. z
Incourt the charge brought against him
| was of disrespect to religion. His verses
| were read, and though his lawyer pointed
| Out that the gods reviled were pagan deities
| and were merely worshipped in a foreign
| State long extinct, the Judges, while ad-
mitting that these were extenuating cir-

perturbation of our foreign exchange market | cumstances, found Gospodin WESSELINO-

caused by this borrowing has ceased, The
increased production of gold in the world,
the reopening of the Transvaal mines now
close at hand, and the addition to our cur-
rency caused by the bond refunding scheme,
all assure a continual cheapening of money.
The prospect for our country's crops is at
present one of the most rosy ever known.
The largest acreage ever devoted to
cotton has been planted, and the weather
over the greater portion of the cotton belt
has thus far been favorable to growth.
Likewise the record acreage of winter
wheat has been planted. The crop is only
six weeks away from its harvest, and the
indications are now clearly that it will af-
ford the largest supply of this grain ever
before given. Corn, which is in many
ways our most important grain, is
selling at a price considerably above
that of the last few years, Formerly
regarded as an unexportable commodity,
we have excited so large a demand for
it abroad that nearly 200,000,000 bushels of
the staple have been needed for export
this year. It is of course too early yet to
speak with confidence of this great crop, or
that of spring wheat, but nothing discour-
aging in the prospect has yet arisen.
With all the talk of crop failures 80 often
heard every year during the spring and
summer, it must be borne in mind that for
more than ten years the crop of no great
cereal] in this country has failed,

A Presidential year is usually one of com-
parative quiet in business circles. Bub aii
signs will be at fault if the Presidential
campaign of 1900 does not produce less
unfavorable effect upon business than a
similar campaign ever has done.

So far as the bugbear of consumption
overtaking production is concerned, itt
could hardly be supposed that in a country
like our own, of inexhaustible resources, 80
largely populated with such an Inven-
tive and industrious people, with confidence
in the soundness of its money currency
restored, that the productive forces could,
for any except a brief period, remain
inferior to the country’s consumption,
But that this means that business, save
in periods of “famine buying,” is to
be continually done at an increasingly
smaller margin of profit in each transaction
until a crisis arrives when all business must
stop, seems hardly to require serious refu-
tation. The boom period is indeed over,
and there is now succeeding to it, unless
every indication that has proved faithful in
the past now fails, a stretch of long pros-
perity undisturbed by great elevations
or great depressions, but full of normal
health and vigor for business, Intheability
of our newly formed industrial combina-
tions to limit overproduction, to check the
unwise extension of plants and firmly to
halt the general speculative advances of
business operations, will lie their chief value
to the country at large. Never, in the past,
has a conservative influence of such poten-
tiality existed.

Finally, the observer must be blind who
does not perceive the new future that has
slowly dawned upon the manufacturing and
producing resources of the United States.
We have taken the place of England and of
many of the nations of the Old World as
an exporting country. We can now send
abroad the products not, as formerly, of
our fields alone, but of our mines and
mills, in the abundance and with the cheap-
ness of other nations. Tremendous advan-
tages and profits that have been theirs
are ours. For the fiscal year ending on
June 1 it is probable that our exports of
manufactured goods will surpass the as-
tounding total of 400,000,000.

Thisis a trade that does not depend on
accidents or seasons. It is something that
has come to stay and that will, be ours as
long as we wish to keep it. This is the solid
foundation of American business prosperity
just now. Its meaning cannot be grasped
in an instant or by any flighty thinker;
and woe to the speoculator who makes
contracts without holding it in mind.

 

The Attempt to Gormanize the New
Jersey Democracy.

Probably the men who bossed the New
Jersey Democratio State Convention and
made it sneak away from the Chicago plat-
form think that they have done a smart
thing. The convention was on the edge of
riot more than once, the earnest Bryanites in
it being unable to understand why New
Jersey Democrats at Trenton should ob-
ject to what they will have to swallow at
Kansas City.

When the Chicago platform has been
reaffirmed at Kansas City and Col, Bryan,
for whom the delegates-at-large are not
instructed, has been nominated, what will
the New Jersey imitators of Gorman have
gained?+ The distrust of the national or-
ganization, the distrust of the most active
andenthusiastic members of the New Jersey
Democracy. They will be not nearer to
carrying the State, but further away from
carrying it. The national Democratic pol-
icies are hostile to the interesta of New
Jersey. The attempt at double dealing will
deceive nobody; and it will injure nobody
but the Democratic party.

A Scoffer at the Gods Punished,

Oriental justice, as we know from the
Arabian Nights, has a delightful way of
waving aside technicalities and getting at
the substance of a case, It may seemsome-
what arbitrary, but that is unavoidable in
making the punishment fit the crime. Bel-
grade under the Obrenovitch rule has ap-
parently not cast aside entirely the traditions
of the Turkish Cadis, asa Servian jiterary
man, Gospodin JANKO WFSSELINOVITCH, has
learned to his cost,

Gospodin WrS8ELINOVITCH, who like
many other young Servians has learned
irreverent tricks at Paris or at the court of
his scapegrace ex-King MILAN, published
in a Belgrade newspaper some smart verses
in mockery of the ancient gods of Hellas.
He poked fun at Zeus, the Thunderer, said
scandalous things of APHRODpITE, born of
the salt sea waves, and jeered at wing-
footed HERMES, messenger of the gods
In Paris or in Vienna his ribald jesta would
have passed unnoticed, but at Belgrade
they take things more seriously. Belgrade
lives inan atmosphere of heroism; for six
hundred years it was beseiged by Turk or
Christian more frequently than any town
in Europe, and hats go off there when the
name of JouN Hunyapi or of Prince Ev-
GENE is mentioned. Disrespect to the great
gods of even an outworn creed could not be
tolerated; sq,the police confiscated the news-

VITCH guilty and sentenced him to five days’
imprisonment. 'To those whose ideas of the
gods of Greece are derived from Offenbach-
ian operettas this sentence may seem
absurd; to others it may seem that there is
more than poetic justice in the thought of
exacting respect for what mankind once re-
vered deeply, Nor will any one who has
stood before the Hermes of PRAXITRLRS,
or the Jove of Otricoli, or “ Our Lady of
Milo" feel inclined to find fault with the
wise Cadis of Belgrade.

The Great Berlin Balloon,

If all goes well, the large balloon now
building in Berlin will carry five aéronauts
aloft ubout the middle of July, The enter-
prise has only one purpose, That is to see
how long a balloon may be maintained in
midair, This airship is to be twice the
size of that in which ANDRiB went to his
fate in the Arctic regions. It will carry
300,000 cubic feet of gas and will be the
largest balloon ever floated, The party
hopes to keep in the air at least a week or
ten days. The intention is not to return to
terra firma until the loss of gas or ballast
finally brings the balloon to earth,

The leakage of gas from a balloon has
perhaps been reduced to a minimum as far
as improvements in the material of the gas
reservoir are concerned, But one important
eanse of loss of gas and ballast, buil of
which, of course, are essential to keep a
balloon clear of Lhe earth, are the changes
of temperature by day and night which are
large factors in the variation of barometric
pressure and consequently have a controlling
effect upon the buoyancy of a balloon. The
journey must end when either gas or sand
ballast give out. Some aeronauts have long
maintained that it is perfectly feasible to
keep a balloon in midair for many days but
the feat has never yet been accomplished
unless ANDREX succeeded, and the result of
his attempt will probably never be known,
Prof. K1na of Philadelphia has always as-
serted that he could safely make a journey
from America to Europe, but the expense of
preparation has prevented him from ate
tempting it. The longest time a balloon has
been kept in the air in this country is
believed to be fourteen hours ina journey
of Mr. Wisk from Buffalo.

The experiment which the German aéro-
nauts are about to make is a very inter-
esting one, and, if they find it practicable to
keep a balloon at a comparatively high alti-
tude for some days, the result may be of con-
siderable value to science. It has never yet
been possible to obtain continuous records at
very high altitudes of diurnal variations in
temperature, pressure and wind; and data
relating to these facts are greatly desired by
meteorologists. No balloon or kite has ever
kept at a uniformly high altitude long
enough to obtain this information, The
kite has been maintained in the air for two
days, but at varying altitudes. Captive
balloons are serviceable only at low altitudes
where they may be kept for many hours if
the wind ia not too strong.

If by the adjustment of gas and ballast
free balloons may be maintained at a very
high and fairly uniform altitude for at least
two days, facts of importance in meteoro-
logical science may be obtained. The best
results from kite flying at a high altitude
were obtained in February last year at the
Blue Hill Observatory, when a string of
tandem kites was kept for some time at an
elevation of 12,500 feet, considerably over
two miles. It was found that with a tem-
perature at the surface of 40 degrees Fahr-
enheit, and the wind blowing at a rate of
seventeen miles an hour, the temperature
at the highest level was 12 degrees, and the
wind velocity was fifty miles an hour. The
balloon Vega, which sailed across the Alps
last surnmmer, remained for some hours at a
height of over 19,900 feet without serious in-
convenience to the party of voyagers.

If dirigible balloons ever become prac-
tical, so that not only their direction
but their altitude may be regulated at
will, the problem of the means of ex-
ploring the upper air will be solved, But
the sclence of aéronautics as yet seems far
from this desived stage of advancement,
Nothing has been heard of the great airship
which Count von Zrprruin built at Lake
Constance last summer with the aid of tho
leading aéronautical societies of Europe. It
was to have gone aloft in April, after some
hitch in the experiments of last December,
and hopes were high that it would show
important progress in the art of navigating
the air.

 

 

Is the Democracy Going to the Devil?

 

 

This letter from an old Democrat states
candidly, if somewhat’ impolitely, the
writer's views aato the ultimate destination
of his party:

“'To THE Eprror OF THF SUN~Sir: The writer,
who has always voted the straight Democratic ticket,
local, State or national, has determined henceforth
to vote a straight Republican ticket. My reason for
doing so is that Democracy is going fast to the
devil.

“T was tn hopes It would drop W. J. BRYAN and
the Chicago platform with {ts foolish financial and
unpatriotic planks, Dut 1% won't, and thatmakes my
duty plain.

* Democracy as tt stands to-day is against every
thing that ts progressive, against everything that
tends to make our country powerful, wealhy and
respected, A JEFPERSONIAN DEMOCRAT.

‘DROOKLYN, May 31."

Whether the Bryanized Democracy is
going in fact all the way to the devil, or
only to the dickens or the deuce, {s a ques-
tion which offers certain temptations to
the scholastic mind. A much more impor-
tant and interesting question, however, is
whither those old and patriotie Democrats
are going, who, like our correspondent, are
disinclined to take tickets for a perpen-
dicular excursion,

They are not going to Kansas City. We
do not think that a great number of them
will co this year into the woods, or into a
hollow in the rocks, Here is one, at any
rate, who has made up his mind whither to
go, and he has made it up right,

 

Where would HERCULES or AJAX be in compari-
son with the Californian athlete who Ls throwing the
16-pound hammer 170 feet or so in contests? Kenne
bee Journal,

If those sceptred sovereigns of muscle were
still in the flesh, they would find work to do
even if they couldn't throw against the Califor-
nia hammer man, HeEncv_es would be a
policeman or an Octopus hunter, and Asax
would be an electrician, a lightning-rod agent
or a howler against proteoted wool

The Chicago River is to be made 200 feet wide,
30 feet deep, filed with real water and rendered
non-combustible or at least slow burning. Come
mercially the change must be approved; but
what 4 loss to artand romance! The Phiegethon
{s the ouly serious rival that the Chicago ever

———

|

JUNE 3, 1900,

   

 

flery tem-
fragrance, the multi-

ber, never had the
ha chunky solidity of the

colored charm and the

Chicago,
ee -—_

Col. Mosg Watmons, the «reat St. Louis
Trust exterminator, is to be a delegate to the
Kansas City Convention, and he will be very
lucky if he escapes being nominated for Vice-

President, It is idie to aay that Missouri \6 too —

near Nebraska. Col, Mose WSTMORE is near
the heart of Bryan and the Demooracy.

 

The first National Convention of the Repub-
lican party was held in the city of Philadelphia

on June 17, 1856, The survivors of the 655 dole- |

gates, according to the arrangements for this
yedr’s convention, are to be invited to attend
as honored guests. :
The Republican National Convention of 1856
was the first, but it was not the only one, of the
party held in that city. In 1872 the Republicans

delegates, there being entire unanimity as to
the renomination of the Republican candidate
for President, but a good-natured contest over
the Vice-Presidential nomination, The Repub-
lican National Convention will meet on Tues-
day, June 19, andin all probability its delibera-
tions will not extend beyond two days.

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

From the reports coming in from various
sources {it is apparent that the atatements so
freely made of demoralization and disaffection
among the Free State burghers were lacking in
accuracy. Both Gen. Colville and Gen, Rundle
have experienoed comparatively heavy losses
in their endeavors to clear the northeast corner
of the Free State, and at last recounts had not
done more than hold the ground won from the
burghers two weeks ago. This atleast shows
that the spirit of resistance is stil) strong
enough among the Free Staters to give full
occupation to a considerable British force.

The situation at Pretoria continues to be one
of great confusion and apprehen‘ion, but even
the correspondents on the spot are atill uncer-
tain whether the place will be defended or not.
commandos from the west and south, among
them that under the noted Commandant Ben
Viljoen, were passing through with their
artillery on their way east and north, but
whether to occupy the surrounding forts
or to concentrate in positions beyond the elr-
cle of defence was unknown. A Boer force held
a position on Bronkers Spruit, about forty
miles east of Pretorta, the scene of the firat
British disaster in 1880, near which British
scouts were reported to be on Wednesday. This
force would probably have for object the pro-
tection of the flank of the forces coming north
from the Vaal and Laings Nek should the re-
treat from there have been ordered

According to THe SuN correspondent tn Pre-
toria, President Kriiger with Secretary of State
Reitz and other Government officials left there
on Tuesday night and should now be at Lyden-
burg inthe mountains, from where there are
roads leading to all parts of the Transvaal.
Lydenburg is about forty miles due north of
Belfast on the railroad from Pretoria to Dela-
goa Bay, and about a hundred and five miles
west by north of Koomatipoort on the Portu-
guese border, It has been well provisioned
and is said to have been’ fortifled suf-
ficiently to make astrong resistance, It is also
believed that a base of offensive and defensive
operations has been created in the northern
part of the Zoutpansberg, great quantities of
stores and provisions having been sent north to
Pietersburg during the pasttwo months. Should
Pretoria be defended, the Boers would thus
have a rectangular place d'armes from which to
conduct their operations, with the Portuguese
frontier at their back on the east for nearly
three hundred miles, and the Limpopo River
on the north side.

The report that Gen, De Wet with a large
force had occupied Viljoens Drift on the Vaal
River, in Lord Roberts’s rear, if accurate, is
proof of extraordinary enterprise on the part
of the Boer commander—even greater than he
displayed by his movement to Wepener
after the oceupation of Bloemfontein
The reanlt of this should be to cause
Lord Roberts to hurry up Lord Col-
ville’s and Gen. Rurdie’s divisions to
keep his rear clear, and so give an oppor-
tunity tothe commanders to the eastward of
Kroonstad to resimo their activity against
diminished forces. The occupation of Johan-
nesburg, according to the official report tele-
graphed by Lord Roberts passed off without
incident, the transfer of the city to the British
taking place in a peaceful and orderly manner,
there being few intabitanta left to witness it,
Of Gen. Buller and what is passing in Natal,
nothing is reported

The situation round Pretoria is now of absorb-
ing Interest, as its surrender or resistance must
exercise a very decisive influence on the imme-
diate future of the campaign, though it may not
make much difference, if any, in the oonditions
that will be iinposed by the British at the end
of the war.

 

Cost of Living tn New York.

To Tur Enrron oF THR SUN—Si#: May
{logical and inconsequential woman rush {non the
edifying discussion being carried on In your columns
apent the material matierofiiving? “Ex Raise” and
“AR. Prasher" are presenting such heart-to-heart ex-
Derience lists that much light ts being thrown, from
one side, on the ever present problem of how to live on
nothing a year, and, on the other, of the gentle art of
blowing !tin, Hetween the twothe seeker after his
money's worth is likely to @ican information.

Lut, It seems to me, (t's up to “Ex-Ralse” toexplain
an Interesting, and [ have hitherto suppoced to be an
{mportant omlsston in his dlary of living expenses as
set forth in his communication of the 220. being a
feminine with a mind not above clothes, find myself
wonderlag what mrans “Ex-Reise's’ pointed avold-
ance of themin daily life. Are they tod sorea subject to
be alluded to,or does 'Ex- Raise" live insomesuburban
Garden of Eden wherein they cut no figure? Does the
other adult of his family toll, spin and weave eo that
the carments of ali four cost nothing, or how does he
manage sothat he can slide silently over a matter
which consumes our waking and sleeping hours?

if ‘Ex Ratse” will only confide wereernns women
the seeret whereby there Is no expense in clothing &
family of four, not only women, but men will rise up
and call him biossed.

AN _INCONSEQUBNTIAL WOMAN.

NEw YORK, May 40.

TO THE Eprror or THR SUN—Sir; Why will
not Ex-Ralse"’ stick to the facts which I have offered
concerning the feasibility of two people living in New
York on $30 monthly?

When “A Would Be Resident” complained to THE
SUN that a double room in a residential part of the
Tenderloin could not be had for less than $15 a week,
1 pointed out that in a delightful and not far distant
quarter of the town an entire floor was obtainable for
$11 a month, and It seemed to me that thls inlorma-
tion oughtto cheer and eneourage other “Would Be
Residents.” to say nothing of those who “have done
tie else than live in New York for the short period
of five years’ :

And now “Ex-itaise,”” after a month's silence,
cooks up @ Wttle table of household expenses, and
jubllantly exolains that, despite bis complete Igno
rance of the Orst orine!ples of household economy, he
has spent $1,007.50 for the keen of Ove persons ina
year, or at the rate of $16.50 aglece monthly! These
figures are notmueh larger than mine, snd ineludea
servant's wog's and $5.43 for “wine, beer and
lNquora."

Tike the Scotehman's aptitude for a joke, 1 am
afraid thatan X-zay's operation will become neces

sary tojnsert these facts into the erantum of your cor
respondent, but, meanwhile, let him refleet upon Chan-
ning's advice to live content with small means; to

seck elegance rather than luxury, and refinement
rather than fashion,"

In concluston, I must say that the interest taken tn
this subject as presented by THE SUN has been wide
spread, and [ have oren overwhelmed with communi-
cations from Canada to Mexico, A. KR. BRASHER

New YorK, May 29.

 

Jersey Applejack,

To THE Eprror OF THE SUN—Sir: Permit me
to polnt out that the vogue of the somewhat devilish
concoctions mixed by Bartender are dependent upon
the “nw sensation” furnished by odd and often out-
ragenus combinations of several Mquors, mostly
harmful, singly and collectively, On the contrary,
the heavenly qualities of the Jersey Sunset are
due in much greater part to the all-healthful
generous liquor that forms the basis of this
life prolonging elixir, to-wit: Monmouth county
applejack, old enough to bein full bloom. Your
rickeys, Vermouihs, &¢, put one’s brains in his
stomach, ‘rhe applrjack~ clear, or in harmless mix-
ture. as in a sunset—cheers the digestion, exbilarates
the intelligence, envelopes friends in a gentle halo of
augmented virtue. and lightens the opprobrium justly
belonging loan incorrigible neighbor, In a Julep,
any man buta Kentuckian must admit its super jority
to other spirits thus far distilled. As one’s
nose peers down amongst the mint, he sees the ap
ple blossoms, smells thelr fresh sweetness and drinks
in With the nectar the melody of the birds; and gains
an appetite for his «inner.

I fancy HDartender has not Goceresed thas ap

ek is rarely obtainable in the elty, and that therefore

doesn't know the real thing. JERSEYMAN.

Map DLETOWN, N. J., May 30.

 

a

AMERICA

The Relations of This Coantry to the South
African Republics. .
To THR Eprtor or Tur SuN--Sir: Since the
arrival of the Boer Envoys the question has
been frequently asked by friends of the Adrrin- |

 

istration what this Government could do to |

bring about peao»in South Africa, Great Brit-
ain herself has set many a precedent for the
United States to follow. In 1877 the Russian
army, after a bloody campaign, arrived almost
within sight of the walla of Constantinople,
when its further advance was stopped by for-
elgo intervention upon the initiative of the
English Prime Minister. The Russians were
forced to agree to the Treaty of San Stephano.
which deprived the forces of the Czar of the
Goal of their ambilion—the possession of the
old Byzantine capital and the restoration of the
Cro-s to the dome of the Cathedral of St.

| Sophia
held their convention in Philadelphia with 677 |

Not satisfied with this, under the direction of
Creat Britain the Congress of Berlin was held
which deprived Russia of the fruits of her vio-
tories. The expenditure of blood and trevsure
was in vain, the provinces which she had con-
Quered were taken away from her, while disin-
terested England rewarded herself with the
Island of Cyprus as the price of her interference
with Mus¢ovite ambition,

There has not been a war of any momentin this
century, with the possibleexception of our recent
struggle with Spain, In which foreign interven-
tion has not ocourred, mainly upon the sug@es-
tion or direction of the Government of her ‘Brie
tannic Majesty. President McKinley has 4
number of precedents for inviting the Great
Powers to unite with him in signing a note to
Great Britain strongly ureing the cessation of
host {iliies, and the submission to arbitration of
the differences existing between Great Britain
and the South African republic.

The conscience of the world, as wellas the
moral and material force of the Continent,
would support him in such action. But the
Question arises as to whether such a course
would be justifiable by this Government under
the Monroe Deotting and the limitations put

non the powers of our_ Cormmnissioners at
The Hague Conference, Tam of the opinion
that ie Monroe Doctrine has reneived ita xe-
verest blow by the conduct of the Government
of the Dominion ins nding Canadian troops to
support Great Britain in a predatory war with

hich (his hemisphere had no concern. For the
future, Canada {3 bound to support Britiah im-
perialism against the rest of Europe and the
conflict cannot belong avolded. As a reault of
Canada's jingoism and misdirected patriotism,
the northern part of this continent over which
we claim paramountcy, will be liable to inva-

jon andselzure by the Continental Powers. Th

iominion having voluntarily involved hersel
in this shameless war of adventure, we cannot

object to Russia, Franoe or Germany
eeiving and holding Canadian soil for
thelr own protection when the a@treat day

of reckoning comes for England, The conduct
then of Canada herself gives this Government
the aupremest right to intervene in the South
African war. Chamberlain has recently de-
clared that republican and monarchical gov-
ernment could not exiat aide by side in South
Africa. The vast majority of the neople of the
Unite? States believe that Canada in projecting
herself into thie deplorable contest has im-
perilied the Monroe Doctrine as the settled
policy for the United States on this continent,
The continuation of  Pritish rule in North
America is a menace, therefore, not only to the
Monroe Doctrine but to the integrity of this
Government and its institutions

As a Republican T most cordially commend
the editorialin to-day's SUN urging the National
Convention to reeffirm the nlank adonted at St.
Louis favorable to the politieal union of the
English-sneaking part of thie hemisphere under
the flag of the United States

T. St. Jonn GAFPNEY,
New Yorks, May 28.

 

When the Russian army was stopped before
Constantinople and the treaty of St. Stephano
was revised at Berlin, objection war foundedon
readiness and determination to fight, in case
Russia refused to submit. The United States
are not prepared to fight in behalf of the Re-
publics of South Africa,

Among precedenta for intervention there is
none that urges us to “intervene,” alone or in
allianoe,in behalf of the Boers, The latest ground
for suggesting such an act ts theproposition
by Secretary Hay that the United States should
invite the powers of Europe to guarantee the
neutrality of the Nicaragua Canal, But that
proposition is abhorrent to every American tra-
dition and inatinet.

As for the Monroe Doctrine, it wouldsurely be
hurt by our making war in South Africa. It haa
been hurt by Canada's action in that fleld, but
sufficient for the day in the evil thereof,

 

Soldiers and Priests. .

To THE Eprror OF THE SUN~—Sir: I was pres-
ent on May 27 ata memorial service held at the grave
of a Col. Perry in Cypress Hilla Cemetery, Brooklyn
and had, while there, the pleasure of listening toan
oration delivered by a gentleman introduced as a
noted orator, Prof. Isaac Russell, This gentleman
was eloquent and apparently very learned; and I was
constrained to wonder how a man of his mental
caliber could give voice to sentiments like the follow-
ing: ‘In these days,” said this gentleman, ‘nf dol-
lars and cents; in these days when, upon the question
of war arising,it is asked, not ‘Isftright?’ but "Does tt
pay?’ in these days,’ he continued, “when money is
paid for absolution to a hireling priesthood," &c.

The two former assertions | am not prepared to dis-
pute, although I trust the honest and honorable still
predominate among us Butas to the last assertion,
itis absolutely untrue, In these days money ts not
paid for absolution to a hireling priesthood. I would
point out to this gentleman's consideration that many
Catholics are lying In that same field, who have died
for the country whose freedom we all enjoy; men who,
in the course of their lives, have doubtless often re*
eelved absolution from God at the hands of God's
ministers and have received it—gratia Why, then,
Insult the memory of such as these, even while he
would eulogize?

Of course, the fentleman Is misinformed, but why be
misinformed ‘in these days" of enlightenment?

May 31. 0. A,

Prompt Correction of a Flippant Sceptic,
From Tutt SUN of May 17.

To THE Eprror or THE SUN~ Sir: Mr. Upson
Downs of Boston {8 a travelling salesman for a boot
and shoe house, FRANK H. MURKLAND.

New Beprorn, Mass, May 12.

Fram the Boston Herald of May 19.

Who's Upson Downs of Boston, whose name has
now been added to THE SUN'S collection, or is this
further evidence that THE SUN {is getting tts leg
pulled in this freak name business?

From Boots and Shoes of May 30,

Upson Downs really exists-very much so--and he
bs a live salesman in the employ of Charles K. Fox of
Haverhill. The writer will help lick the man who
wrote that paragraph—Iif he isn’t too big.

Rale for Flags on Decoration Day,

To THE Eprror OF THESUN—Sir; I notice that
many flags on clubhouses, hotels and private
dwellings were hoisted at balf mast on Decoration
Day. Thisis incorrect, An order from the Secretary
of War preseribes thatthe flags at all military posts
shall be hotsted at full mast on that day. The
reason is simple. We are honoring the dead who

died that the nation might live, not mourning
them. kK. 8.
Elizabeth Slang.
To THe EniToR oF THe SUN~Sir: Fora tong

time 4 substituie for the played-out “forget It has
been demanded by 4 slang- loving public. We Jer
seymen are supposed to be slow, but from the cerebral
vatsof a Newark trolley-cat conductor has been
evolved an cjaculation which, In the opinion of
“Dunk” Coreoran’s friends, {s destined to occupy a
prominent place In the voeabulary of American
slang.

It ts thelnnocent ery of “Ouch!” which falls from the
untutored lips of Infants when thetr tender bodies are
forcibly compressed between the thumb and fore-fin
ger of an atiacking party

It's very simplicity appeals to the thinker—

“Ouenh!*

An assertion, Involving the veracity of (he asserter,
{s made, ‘Ouch" expresses, without further comment,
the cordiality of It's reception,

“Ouch! is allright, Just give ita chance in New

ork ELIZABETH.
ELIZABETH, May 29.

A Hot-Wave Rubaiyat.
From the Baltimore American,
One does not mind the Feat so very much~-
The torrid air, the stifling Warmth, “and sucn"~
Until at the Thermometer be looks
And sees the height the Mercury doth touch

One can forget the sizziing, baking Street,

That makes him, like a blind Horse, lift his Feet
Until some Bunch of Wisdom prateth thus

“*Tis the Humidity, and not the Heat"

It would not make one wish to mildly swear,
Nay, verily, he would not greatly care,

But for the Thought that by some one's Advice
He still had on his Winter Underwear,

It is not Heat that fills one so with Gulls,
And causeth him to talk In Swearful Style,
The mnad ning Impulse cometh when be sees
The joyful Glee that’s In the iceman’'s Smile

Thermometer and Plannels make one stew;
Humidity and Iceman's Smile do too;

But, ah, we grow the Hottest at the man
Who asks us: "Is It Hot Enough for You?”

    
 

CANADA,

 

Misrepresentations About Annexation Senti.
ment in the Dominion.

MONTREAL, May 31.~-A good deal of amuse
ment is being had out of the telewrams of the
well-known New York correspondent of a lend-
ing London newepayer, describing the Tesults
of inquiries he made during a visit to Ottawa
into the state of Canadian sentiment regarding
independence and annexation,

In the first place, Ottawa is the last
place a man should go to in Canudu to
sound Canadian sentiment properly so called,
There are plenty of people there bearing Eng
lish, French, Irish and Scotch names, but of
Canadians of whatever origin there are very fow
indeed. They may be counted on the tingerg
of one’s two hands; but they dare not oneg
their mouths, as Mr, Bourassa and Mr. Monet,
and those who had the courage to yore
with them against Sir Wilfrid Laurier’s liiperk

olism are finding to their cost) Kyory ine
fluence poasible has been broucht te
bear against them in their constituenciag
to whip them into line again, and if

they have still any mental reservation on
the subject they ere for the present at all
events toeing the linperialist line drawn for
them by the party managers. At Ottawa, |
the atmosphere of cocked hats, embroidered
coata, knee breeches and court swords, every
one not endowed with extracrdinary yriiy
of oharacter is soon broughtto his knees before
the idol of jingo imperialism, and quickly learng
torepea! theshibboleths proclaiming his conven
ston from the more manly and rugged spirit of
his forefathers, It was among such thot he
cicerones conducted the New York corres: ond.
ent of the London newspaper alluded to Heneg
jis somewhat naive statement that if there are
rench-Canadians in ‘avor of independencs he
id not meet any. Inany case, menin Caneda
are beginning to under-tand the necessiiy for
not disclosing their “ner sentiments to change
inquirers.
the proposalof THE SUN that the Republican
rogramme should contain a resolution aMirne
nit the desirability of the union of the Bngiishe.
speaking peoples of the continent under one
flag meets with the approval of sober-t) inking
Canadians, not only on account of the intrinsie
soundness of the principle behind It but bee
cause itis the only thing to put an end to the
weerlsome agitations and race teuds tha
threaten to turn Canada into a caldron
confusion.

  

ROCHESTER FORGED SCHOOL LAW,

The Inquiry Before Judge Gregory Close@
~Decision on Monday.

ALBANY, June 2.—-This was the third and Inst
day of the inquiry before County Judge Greg.
ory, held with a view of disclosing the person
or persons responsible for the Rochester forged
Behool law. Two witnesses were sworn to-day
aud the te timony was then declared closed,
Judge Gregory remarking that he would an-
nounce at 10 o’clook on Monday morning
whether the evidence warrants him in sending
the case to the Grand Jury

When the court opened this morning, Harvey
Faring, the State printer's messenger, who yes
terday testified that he had, after the Legis-
lature adjourned, delivered toMr. Denniston, in
the presence of two strangers, a proof of the
forged Rochester School bill, was recalied and
questioned by Willian J. Youngs, the Secretary
tothe Governor, who has been active during
the inquiry in prodding the witnesses
_ “It was after the Legislature had finally ad-
journed,”’ testified Mr, Maring, “that | handed
the proof of the forged Rochester bill to Mr.
Denniston. 1 first }ooked for hin in the eapi«
tol, and os he was not there went to his ollloe
in the Tweddle Building and found him, | ex-
plain d that the interpolated matter did not
read to make sense. Mr Denniston and I then
waiked to the capliol, and in the Assembly
lobby he met the two men, who were strangers
to me, one of whom fixed the preer to make it
readcorreectly. | then brought the corrected
prool back to the printing office.”

Edward M. Rumsey of Seneca Falls, an ase
sistant index clerk of the Assembly, was the
last witness.

Q. Do you know of any connection of Mr,
Denniston with the bowus Kochester School
law? A. Idon't,

Q> Do you know anything about how the bill
came to be changed. A. ft donot know any
more abou! it than this ehair 3

Q. Alter the Legislature hid finally adjourned,
and wile you were behind the Assembly des
did a messenger from the State printer han
youa package for Mr. Denniston? A. He di

 

not
This closed the inquiry.

 

Insulted the Wrong Nation, 4
From the Chicago Record
Saurx, In, May 80.- The town was thrown
intoa furor of indignation this morning by an
insult tothe nation andto the participantsta
the memorial exercises. C. E Schmidt, sta-
tion agent for the Sioux City and Paelfie Rails
road, got in frontof the parade and shout
Pe veil with America,"’
fa jor Eo H. Sinith, who was In charge of th
rocession, Tushed after Sehmidt and rushe
im two biocks for the purpose of resenting the
insult, but could not overtake him, Later
Selmidt was emp ren led to the public square
and made to ap logize to a wrathful crowd
which threatened violence,

Beings Living Without Nourishment. i

Nikola Tesla in the Century Magatine

There seems to be no philosophical necessity foe
food. We can conceive of organized beings living
without nourishment and deriving all the evergy they
need for the performance of their life functions ‘rom
the ambientmedium. Ina crystal we have the cleat
evidence of the existence of a formative life princk
ple, and though we cannot understand the life of @
crystal, it is none the less a living being. There may
be, besides crystals, other such imdiyidualizedy
material systems of beings, perhaps of gaseous cons
stitution, or composed of substance still mor: ‘enue
ova In view of this possibility—nay, probabl!\\y -we
cannot apodictically deny the existence of ores olred
beings on 4 planet merely because the cond tiois on
the same are unsuitable for the existence of |ifr as we
conceive it. We cannoteven, with posill ve assurance,
assert that aome of them might not be present here, ta
this our porld, in the very midst of us for thelr come
stituiion and life manifestation may be such that we@
are unable to perceive them,

The ‘*Basts of Impassioned Oratory.”

Fromthe Emporia Gazelte.

The Hon, W. L. Huggins, Just nominated for the
State Senate by the Republicans, “is the oldest ‘ashe
joned man of his age in Kansas. He came to Kansas
on an emigrant tieket with a shiny black valise fo bis
band and a few dollarsin his pocket’ He began bis
career like many olber Successful men asa farm )and)
chored for bis board and attended a country school at
the age of 20, read and studled at odd times, an
finally began to teach school. Since then he has read
law and is one of the leading lawyers of this town

“He hauled logs in the timber of Ohio and broke
prairie in Kansas with three yoke of oxen, Uierebs
laying a deep foundation for sublime patience and
incidentally leariued the rudiments of free hand cus®
ing, which is the basts of impassioned oratory.”

 

 

 

 

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.
Robert Owen the socialist reformer is to bave®@

memoria! at New Lanark, near Glasgow, the cone
ot his experiments, in the form of a Mechanics’
Institute.

Baron Von Toll will start this summer for St
Petersbure ons selentine expedition «long ihe north
coast of Siberia to Viadlvostock, foliowlig the track
of Nordenskjild. He expects to winter in Zanikow
Land

Py the elevation of Sir Richard Webster to the oes
of Master of the Rolls England ts left unrepre ented
in the great law oMices of the Kingdom, as tic new
Attorney General, Sir Robert Finlay, ts a Sestehman,
and the new Solicitor-General, Sir Edward Carson, 1s
an Irishinan. ‘The latter is the Qrst man who has
been Solicitor General both in Ireland and in Eas
land. He ts noted for his bullylng manner as a cross
examiner, and is believed generally in Engiandw&
owe his appointment to his insubordination to ths
dictation of hia Conservative chiefs, who now Lope

they have muzzled him

Dr. Crevally of Sydney, New South Wales, has had
an experlence with anti-aleoholle serum that throws
doubt on th: eMfecacy of the serum discovered by the
Paris doctors, Sapeitier, Thébault and [hrova, Dr
Crevally began his experiments over two years ago at
vhe Sydney Institute of Bacterlology He sublected ae
calf to a long term of enforced drankenness, obtained
4 serum from it and injected Itinto several eontirmed
drunkards After two or three injections they gave
up drinking and the doctor thought that his discovery
was established. He found, however, that after a
week his subjects took to drink as bard aseverand
came to the ¢,nefusion that th Ir temporary cure was
due othe imagination, His opinion was eon iirmed
when they returned to him and after he had injected
clear water into them Instead of the intoxicated calf
serum they declared their repugoance for aleohol and
kept sober fora few days Tie concluded, therefore,
that his serum, which was made in much the same
way as the Paris serum, was of no use and that the
effect produced was dite w auto suggestion. Nothiag
bas been beard from the Paris discovery aluce was
@pdounced.