es

rie POPE FOR DREYFUS!

NOTES OP LEGAL EVENTS.
It is difficult to perceive how any court could

 

personal
followed after the death of the
rule of the Chureh, to keep

sua temporary and purely !

ra! election, in at least two newspapers in every
county in which such newspapers shall be pub-

that
policy will be
7 the true

have reached the conclusion that a proposed

papip acct sarsene > ° fas amendment to the Constitution of Pennsyi-
cLERICcALs 4 vania, was subject to tne veto power of the |
rioes at the Turatag Down of the Governor of that Stave. This doctrine was |

Trey are Fe and of “La Crotz”—Deciare rejected by the Supreme Court at Harrisburg
Sa sy Will Be Reversed When Lee oa Tuesday in the case of certain proposed
a pies — Cardinal Rampelia RAlamed. | amendments providing for changes in the |

1 var ~The Holy Father has fol- | election system and permiting the use of
gous. 3 real the polemie that has arisen voting machines. Gov Stone disapprored these }
lowed atten? 7 va croig. Two points have | Measures and the Secretary of State refused |
pret the cast Of Ae ee reproach of having | to advertise them as required by the State
painest a te the French Government | Constitution, although they had been duly
nem 6” having yielded to Royalist and ve- | careed to by & majority of the mem
em and the lack of honesty, bers of each branch of the Legislature.
aetonary nea es of the adversaries | “Any amendment or amendments to this
the pertidious adro Te discredit it as an ab- | Constitution,” says that instrument, “may be
of the Papal — . m of opportunism, to de proposed in the Senate or House of Represent-
{ication and a syst . provieional meanare atives, and if the same shall be agreed to by a!
grade it to the oe ate to «make out that | Maiority of the members elected to each house,
and a mark = oo as staat of the Roy- | @uch proposed amendment or amendments
ip not subaetvind Te ther Cardinal Ram- | Sali be entered on their journals with the yeas
iste Lao MILL. oF a i ae | and nays taken thereon; and the Secretary of
pola, Sas e — yo the silly hope the Commonwealth shail cause the same to be
comiition of waire, to fk | published three months before the next gene
}

 

Pope ~ sha ijusion that there will be Mshed.’ Further provision is made for the sub-
up in this Way aaa ‘ae Catholics continue mission of the proposed amendments to the
g change § n, provid nh he ‘Royalist anhin | next |.ewsiatureand then tothe people. The
w cling to the oid onan ico Leo XIII Governor has nothing to do with them, and so
socralst abe suc at aie or the Supreme Court explicitly deciares.

gas seen tte Ritu wee

if is Way, contrary all truth gnd to }
arohability, the Royalist and reactionst |

The decision of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals {n this city im the case of

to
r ue

a > i
ournais nave spread the gross falsebood,  Sqruyei Schlesinger, in bankruptcy, settles an
that words caanot characterize, that Leo XUI. | tmportant question under the new Bankrupt
or Carvinal Rampoila resolved of the changes } Act. It establishes the authority of the Dis-

trict Court to imprison a bankrupt for non-
compliance with an order to pay over money
traced into his hands and adjudged to be in his
possession. Judge Addison Brown, in the Dis-
trict Court, ordered Mr. Sehiesinger to pay to
the trustee in bankruptey $8,300 out of $12,000,
of State: that at the Pope's death the opposite | whieh, it was alleged, be had received and was
vows will prevail, that it is proper to resist; concealing from his efedirors In default of
tiese measuree of “abdication” and of “op- | sucn payment the order directed the imprisoa-
portunism,’ sinee the Pope, foreseeing the | ment ofthe bankrupt. In affirming this order
resistance of the Cardinals, has been forced | the Appellate Court points out that {t does not
to intervene in a hasty, personal. blind and send Mr Schiesinger to jail for debt, but for
disastrous manner. I admire the serenity refusing to «ive up property which has Deen
of the Holy Father and of Cardinal Rampolla | ascertained to dein his cust ody or under his
in preserving the silence required by the re@u- | control. The fact that imorisonment for debt
lanons when a single word would suffice to | has beea abolished is therefore declared to have
erick tha bladders of falsehood. The truth | nothing to do with the case
tm +ya matter is that the case of La Crotz which
i been under consideration for a long ime,
iecided after a careful and collective |
camoation by & congreseo. It is therefore |
an act of the Hely See and not a mere diplo-
measure taken to please a Government
, Jewish syndicate. If the Papacy has
suced so long before unravelling the problem
brought before it by the electoral and jour- |

in La Crote Without consulting any one. The
tactics aad object of thie misstatement are
endent. It Ws equivalent to decianing that |
the tery Sacred College shows itself to be
opposed the acts of “cowardice” and of |
‘quncesmion” of the Pope and his Seeretary ,

 

An Indiana statute of recent enactment re
quires corporations in that State to pay their
employees their wages every week upon & Day-

al
ve

State Factory Inspector to enforce this require
menatby approoriate legal proceedings The
| Constitutionality of this law was questioned by
the American Plate Glass Company, the
ne action of § religious order it is because | - merican Tin Plate Company and the Republic
t aaa hansen allows the experiment to | Steel Company. They were sued dy the State
ake {ts course; tte decidons are the results | Factory Inspector in the Superior Court at
eo . C S :
ot of rught only but of oceasion as weil. Rome | Anderson, Ind., where Judge Heary © Ryan
. te ocg aes of her legislation amid light | has just rendered a decision sustaining tn
writes the nists ¢ ° u ite
nin pests. Moreover La Crotr had } vf
a —— + he and advice; if these law, as itis called. The case will now go to the
= + ‘on headed dutifully the Holy See would | Supreme Court of Indiana for final determina-
A - Le ‘ . ®
: 1 tion. Similar legislation baa been upheid ia
th recourse to a disciplinary act
’ —o . several other States,
ist >
xm. |

That is, In the second place, why Leo

mats

te
it

‘

of

 

has not made @ “cowardly concession” to the | pistrict Court for the District of Montana
Government. It is the constant game of it$ | has just rendered judement in a borcot- |
adversaries to belittle the Roman polley bY | ting case that has been pending at Butre
calling it vulgar opportunism. Since the | for many months. The complainants were
prevfus affair this campaign has taken on a| Chinamen, resident in that city, who
haraeter so odious that I dare not charac | aught relief from the opprassire conduct

ter'ze it om aceount of the unpopularity and |
dsecradit into which the republican Drer-
fusard party has fallen. Through that the |
historical policy of the Holy See takes the |

of American citizens who were charged #14
having conspired to tniure and destroy the
business of the complainants as restaurant
keepers, shopkeepers and laundrymen, ®F in-

enemies of the Church and of France. The
Pope ia the enemr: such directly or indirectly
ie the abominable meaning of the adversaries
f his policy. I do not know how men can
call themselves Catholics without the Pope

Tt is true that these politicians appeal to the
umole of the German Centre, which in 1887
tiysed to obey the Pope in the matter of the
Sepmnnate bill. The fitness of the comparison
may be denied. in 1897 it was a case of a par-
lameotary bill to-day it concerns the whole
colicy of the Papacy. Besides, the Centre did
not disobey, the Reichensperger group voted
with the conservatives and the others ab-
stained from voting. Moreover, the Pope's
advice bore the stamp of such sagacity that at
this very moment, and even when Herr Wind-
vorst ruled, the Centre has gone beyond the
bounds of loralty, so that I even fear that Rome
marets the lack of measure and of wisdom in
the present imperialistic conduct of many
German Catholics. For the Pope, placed oa
the heights, sees right and sees far, without
passion, without party spirit, with no self-in-
wrest, orhaste. This disinterested, impersonal
moral power, aided by the Holy Ghost: this in-
omparablemagistracy that knows but one policy,
that of justice, of right and of truth; is accused
by politicians of all kinds of dissimulation,
tgnobie treachery and Machiavelism. A very
shrewd writer has said that “political” crimes
are punished in this world.” A day will come
when deceived but sincere Catholics will weep
over their bilndness, when impartial history
vill put Lao XIII.'s policy in ite true lght, that
ineomparably benefictal and inevitably nec-

poliey which has a double object—the
nerease of the Church and the new birth of
the French fatherland

Prests who have learned their history, their
philosophy and their canon law are really inex-
~uwable in following against the Pope the the-
cloey of party politicians of which the wisdom
eonsista in serving political sy*tems and boast-
na of having seen more clearly than the Pope.

I mention only with repugnance the hypo-
emrical and coarse accusation brought against
the Pope of having obeyed the orders of Drey-
The Pope a Dreyfusite and trembling
before the evndieaty What an argument
aginst the policy of Rome! It is incredible
that reasonable men should accept such tn-
santy it ls a state of mind that does tncal-
culabie harm to the reputation of France. It
Drove a thousand tumes that the external en-
emies are right when they say under such cir-
cumstances that “nothfng can be done with
the Frenea.” Some day the story of the Pone’s
Nobile fesistance to pressure will be told I
Save no authority to teiate facts. I can only

proof showed that the defendants were accus-
tomed to parade in the streets Butte
bearing banners warning people not to patron-
ize the Chinese and that persons were s‘ationed

appearance of an unparalleled collaboration, | stituring and maintaining a boycott against
with no possible justification, with the worst | all traders of Chinese nationality The

of

Chinamen. who would advise intending patrons
to keep away therefrom. The final is/unction

and {mposes upon them a subs‘antial bul of
costs amounting to $1,750.05. Costs in the Fed-
eral courts are usually small, but they were fn-
creased in this case by long hearings before a
United States Commissioner

 

The Supreme Court of Maine has affirmed the
Constitutionality of the statute Known as the
Maine Guide law, which was enacted In 1997
This act forbids any one from engaging in the
business of guiding. as that term is commoniy
understood, uniess he registers his name with
the Commissioners of Inland Fisheries and
Game, and procures from those officials a cer-
tificate of fitness, permitting him to actasa
guide, For this certificate the guide is required
to pay afee of $1. The statute was assailed
as being in confiict with that provision of
the State Constitution which declares that ‘‘all
men are born equally free and independent,
and have certain natural (nherent and un-
alienable rights, among which are those of
enjoying and defending life and liberty, aequir-
ing, possessing, obtaining and enjoying prop-
erty, andof pursuing safety and happiness.”
The limitations of the Guide law were criticised
as preventing persons from freely engaging in
a lawful vocation. The Supreme Court answers
this by saying that the pursult of game tsa
vocation which the Legislature has the right to
regulate, inasmuch as ail the wild game in a
State belongs to the people in their collective
ard sovereign capacity The State may permit
game to be taken of prevent {t from being
taken: and when permission to take {t is given,
the taking may be regulated br anr conditions
or restrictions which the State sees fit to im-
pose, (See Geer rs. State of Connecticut, 161
United States Reports, page 519)

By the contract between the United States
and James B. Eads, made (n 1875, Mr. Eads un-
dertook to improve the South Pass of the
Mississippi River so as t) secure a chancel
thirty feet deep and not less than 250 feet wide.
For doing this work he was to be paid $5,250,000,
He accomplished it by July 8, 1879, and was
paid 94,250.00. The remaining $1,000,000
was retained by the United States as security
for the maintenance of the channel under
an agreement that half should be paid to
Mr. Eads of his representatives at the end of
ten years and the other half at the end of
twenty years. In 1889 one-half was paid and
the remaining half will be parable in i9ot |f the
channel is maintained, as no doubdt tt will be,
until then. The question has recently arisen,
however, whether the rightof Mr Eads’s rep-
resentatives to this final payment is affected by
thef opening of acrevasse at Pass A Loutre,
which began to widen {n iso1, but which does
not appear to have injured the channel. In re-

fisisry

ieelare from full knowledge that the Goly See,
desp
fre

2

the most lavish promises and the most
threate, has never deviated from its
ind ita «lence
vevertiheleas, the danger did not seem slizht.
ery I was reiterated that if
disavow the connection of
holies with the anti-Dreyfusites,
"woud bea break with Rome and with the |

?
rab

 

s Jnonms it
fe did not

 

riat, retaliatio ¥ ith
ier, = And at Md ee in sponse to @ request from the War Department,
enough to give credit tothe infamous rumor } Attorney-General Griggs has written aa opinion
tiat tte Pope “has sold himself to the Drey- | 24t 2° lability rests upon the executors of Mr
toa Eads for failing to close the Pass A Loutre cre-
wever ‘gnobdle and lying such conduct | vaase,
mar te it wil net daunt the unwearied cour- The Nottingham bench of Magistrates found
ize of the Holy Father. Leo XIII. bas faith | themselves somewhat embarrassed recently
How tact and the Christian loyalty of M. Féron- | by the lack of any positive law in England au- |
"

the new editor of La Crour. Rome will | thorizing a physician to refuse to testify to
ved and served INWOMINATO. information acquired in treating his patients
Came From Sweden | | The witness before them was a graduate of a
m Sweden With His |AMaanced te Be | scottish university, who was summoned to gtve

Pitesti Married Weve. evidence against a married woman whom he
bette aN, Mass.. June 2.—There was adouble | had attended He courteously declined to
answer any guestion concerning the lady's Ll-

_ 1 ao che Seandiaavian Free Church last
u2a", WAthe Rev. Frita Petersen and Miss | ness, saying that to do so would be a violation

 

Hh, 2 man acd Osear Petersen and ie of his graduation oathand might subject him
bo Up dog bet, Bt contracting parties. The tt at law by his patient. He also referred
ion a i@ are crothers, and in order to © toa aoe Aesth nm Justice Hawkins |
‘ sJourat a. promise that they would both | to the declaration by Mr Jusric a)
or at. gether, toe Rev. Fritz Petersen | the celebrated case of Kitson against Playfair,
Par WRinced from Sweden. He will | that “he could quite understand @ case where |

a doctor Was quite jusified (in refusing to di-
vulge questions of professional secrecy © The
Magistrates sympathized with the witness and
decided tbat they would not compel him to
answer, but would endeavor to have the
question sent to a higher court for review

‘@ to Sweden very shortir

‘ 7
*™Mandant Gross's Wife Sues for Divarce.

eren a Tome ‘uae Drought an action in the
( for an absolute divoree from

 

 

 

yirt

    

irons, Com ’ then ———__—__——

. a . ae ee lon des ' Charges Counciimes With Bribery.
ebrac She says alt cstienen he ia -RSaptNG, Pa, June 2.-Inasuit to declare
thnacy MiWiucee She charges him with im- , the city eleetric light contract null and void a
times act Frances Lawreace at different | bill in equity was Sled in court to-day by Citi
ast year at the Planter’s Hotel, St. Louis, | zen Vineent S. Seizer, og that Counctl-
sand 1° Dikcrs in this ctty and Boston. He | men HL. Boas, George Romig and Jacob B.
cu, Sate. Her motion for alimony , Stout eack received So the successful
wiasel (ee bas been set for Thursday. j exectric company for votes and influence.

day to be Axed fn advance, and empowers the |

every respect the validity of the Weekly Wage |

Judge Hiram Knowles of the United States |

near the places of business veeupied by the |

granted by Judge Knowles forbids all further |
action of this sort on the part of the defendants |

AUDUBON SOCIETY REVIEWS
YEAR'S PROTECTIVE WoRK.

A

 

A Prepesitios to Treat Ne Further With the

Milliners New That the Halieck Jaw Has
; Passed —Slaaghter of Ptarmigan at arch.
angel — The Protection of Sea Galis.

'  Atthe annual meeting of the Audubon Society

seum of American History, when ali the officers
had been reelected, Dr. J. A Alleo read a paper
telling of the work of the society in the protec
tion of birds in the last year and reviewed the
legislation which had been under consideration
at Albany and at Washington. Dr. Allen said
that the Hoar bil. while well meant, and for the
most part made up of wise and righteous pro-
visions, went too far when it prohibited the use
| in this country of inported feathers. The re-
} sult of the enforcersent of a law with such a
| provision, Dr. Allen said, would be to increase
| the slaughter of our own birds in parts of the
country that the Government found it difficult
to protect. The Lacey bill received Dr. Allen's
unqualified approval.
| The Hallock bill, whieh was enacted into law
| by the New York Legisiature and was signed by
} Gov, Roose veit, was also satisfactory to the so-
| ciety in so far as it made the existing laws efeo-
| tive by defining the evidence necessary for con-
viction in such terms that the courts Would be
able to hold prisoners charged = with ng
killed birds for theur plumage U the skins or
feathers were found in their possession. Dr
Alien reported that the oational society had
afforded protection to every breeding colony of
ais or terns in Mane and Virginia. This is
one OF making arrangements with the laht-
house keepers, with the consent of the Lig it-
house Board, to warn of all funters wuo
the coast islands to kill she sea birds
a cortespondence
some Ume Detween
the Milliners’ Pro-
2) the mull

 

  

 

come to

Dr. Allen made pubic
that has Deen going on (or
the Auduoon Soeety and :
tective Association. On April
rere sare te e some er agr ment that
alter 1902 they would not make Use of Amefi-
can birds’ feathers other than those of do-
mestic fowls or game Dirds legitimately 6..0c
They also promised to use their utmost ef-
forta to prosecute those who broke the ex-
isting laws governing "he use of pirds’ feath-
ers. They agreed to buy no more American
feathers ?rom this time om, and to do nota-
ing more than to work off their present stocks
The dealers requested of the society on the
other hand that te protect the right of the deal-
ers to import feathers of any sort that t plewsed
and that no more legislation curtailing the
privileges of the dealers should be pus forward
by the society. Dr. Allen called these over-
tufes of the milliners highly remarkabie com-

 

 

   
 
 

t

 

 

pS

 

m For his part he thought the
society had been put in @ position Oy the pas-
sage of the Halocx law to refuse to mage any

terms with the rmulliners of to treat with them
many war

At present the New York society has but
fourteen sustaming members who contribute
$5 each to ite support. Dr. Allen said that
when there were a hundred members there

  
   

hairman of the Ex-
read a paper
liestrated oy photo-

of the photo-

strategy

 

ours f
acen 0}

-

of bh

the rest
t, and were ¢

Chapman sho
LL awwes taken
not

 

pose for the «

  

 
   

hapman said that to
learned that the buezard, whose |
is strictly protected in all the Southern States
necause of his usefulness as a “Avenger Was

et

     
 

the vietim of trappers, who catch the Dig O.rds

} alive and pull out their wing feathers The
etter of the law is thus evaded, Duf the poor
rived of hia wonderful wingequip-

i Mr

bard, der
t . 1 starves ¢

 

. 1

that the { ptarm gan featn-

 

Chapman *

 

  

      

 

  

! ise

| ers had never been oppesed oy the society

| so long as the birds were killed in the proper

! hunting season. But ferentiy information
had corte to the society that at Ar
in Russia, ptarmigan were being sai

} by the millon for their wings. ‘me

} instance, left Archangel laden with four

| of notarmigan wings which had been dougnt

| from the hunters for one and @ half cents a
air

} . Gov. Roosevelt had been asked to address

| the meeting, but was unable to be present
He sent 4a etter expres his reeret *¢

11 not able to accept the invitation an

} t this would indeed be a dreary Stat

l without {te birds. It had given him «rea

| pleasure, he said,to affix his signature to th
Hawoe bill and he honed that it would acenr

} plish ita purpose so thorouhly that the ourd
peontuls a { the State w +) aoon be douhies

CHicaco, June? —The milliners of the United |

States, it is reported, have surrendered to the
Audubon societies, Word was fereived
Chicago from New York yesterday br Ruthven

Deane President of the Illinois Audubon S

maaRRIDBEIX

 

the First Reformed Chureh, Newark, VN. J. Mr.
Charles Howard Deig of East Orange to Miss
Helen Dawson, daughter of [chatted W Dawson.
PUNCAN-STODDARD.—On Saturday. June 2
1990, gt the Rutgers Riverside Church, By the
Rev. Charles Augustas Stoddard. Stuart
Duncan to Jermain, daugnwr of Ret and Mra
Charlies Augustus Stoddard.
KASE-—JOSLIN —O0 Monday, May 2), 1900, atthe
Wrestdence ot De. W. Oyler, 216 West i2uth st.,
by the Rag. D. J. MeMillen. Mr. Simon Kase of
New York city to Miss Alice Joslin of Rocbestee,
N. ¥. Rochester papers please copy

 

MUSGRAVE-—LAMSON.—On Friday, June 1,
1900 at 82 West O34 «t.. Dy the Rev.
Henry Evertson Codd. George Clarke Masgrare

wo Mary Judson, daughter of the late Joba 3
Lamson.

TIMPSON—LIVINGSTON.—On June 2 190, at
St Paul's Chure& Tivollon-Hudson, by the
Rev. BR. V. K. Barris, assisted by the Rev EV
Evans, Lawrence Timpson of Maiseland to
Katharine, daughter of John Henry Livingston of
Clermont

 

GILROY.—An ano. versary Tass of requiem for the
repese of whe soul of the late Mary M Gilroy will
be offered up at t8¢ Church of St Thomas the
Aposde, 1140 st. and St Nictoias avy, on Mon-
day morning, June 4, 1990, at bal! past §$ o'eloek.

BIG BEE.—At the city of Mexico, suddenly, Jan. 27,
1900, Rev. Charles Higbee of New Rochelle, N. Y.

Notice of funeral bereafter.

BOLBROW.-—[a the Philippines, May 19 1000, of
typhus fever, Joseph > H. Holbrow, Company A
Forty drst Regiment, Volunteers, soa of Teunts V.
Hoibdbrow of thls city

LEWISOHN.-—Suddeniy, on Thursday, May $1,
1900, Rosalle. deloved wife of Leooard Lewisoa,
tm the 32d year of her age.

Relatives and {rieads are invited to attend the
funeral services at Ser late residence, 14 East
$7th st.. om Monday morning, June 4, at 0:15
o'cloek. Kindly omit flowers

MEYER. —After short \\iness, on Saturday, June 2,
1900 John N., deloved ousband of ide B. Meyer,
{nm Bis 50a yeas.

Funeral serviees on Monday, June 4, 1900, at nie
late tesidener. 555 Bedford av, Brooklyn, at 6
P.M Interment private. Kindly omit @owera

NICHOLSON.—On Friday June 1, 1900, Miriam
widow of JoRa Niehoison, aged 61 years.

Services will de tas Ger late residener, 45 West
75. s., on Sunday, June 3, 1900, at 3 o clock.

PHILLIPS. -On June 1, 1900. a6 846 Park av.
Samuri M. deloved son of Adeline and the late
Isaac PBIULps, aged 29 years

Relauives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services 46 the residence of his mother, oa
Monday. June 4, 1000,at 945 A M.

SMITH.—On Thursday, May 31, 1900, at bis rest-
dence, 154 West $4th ot, Elward Smith, tn the
65.0 year of bis age.

Puneral services at gis last residenee on Sunday,
June 3, 1900, a82:30 P.M. Interment at coavenl-

ence of family. Kirdiy omit dowersa

SS

he

 
 

 

Ts KENS(CO CEMETERY —Private station, Har.
lem Railroad, 43 minutew ride from the Gread
Central Depot. Uffice, 16 Bast 42d st.

 

Special Rotices.
PILES.—Dr Chapman. 107
tng

| East 234 st: no cub
1400 permanent cures; book free; references.

=r x tligieus 2etices.

I sactenonmad i ‘
OLY TRINITY CHURCH, N. Y., Lenox av. and
12234 st —Rev. H. P Niehois, rector. Services,

H

11 A M ands 45 an05P M.

— ; —
pom WILLIE by Eugen ,
| Do privaiely printed: > p &

RITINGS of Voltaire. | . Draper.
i Wises Catalogues hue PRATT. 162 “ner.

| BIRDS AND MILLINERS, |

of New York yesterday afternoon at the Mu- |

1
4 |
t '
a
a
'
n | The marriage of Miss Jermain Stoddard and
|

DALT-— DAWSON. —On Saturday, June 2, 1900, at |

 

 

ciety, that the Merchant Milliners’ Association,
which he said controls more than © per
cent. of the millinery trade of the country,
| was willing to surrender to the aggressive

bird protectors, pro afew conditions
hamed were granted. oe Erectors of the
Iilineis society agree wit ose of the ot
organizations to grant what the milliners desire,
| ff Will be impossible after a stipulated time
| has elapsed for any American woman to buy
any American bud or American agrette to
Stick in her hat

The aneociaton, controlling almost the entire
| millinery supply outputot the United States,
pledges each one of its members to ahs'ain
forever from buying, selling, shooting or con-
tracting for shooting or capturing any wild
North American bird of any kind whatsoever.
The association stands ready to adopt a by-law
that any member violating the pledge shall
Pay a fine of 8600 forthe offence. [tasksin return
that the Audubon societies do not seek to secure
legisiation whieh shall prevent the milliners
from using the feathers of domestic fowl, the
feathers of game hirds killed in season and the
fea ¢ foreign birds The milliners
spewially agree that no foreign birds shail be
used, provided it is also found as a resident
This clause of agreement,
if the Audubon societies decide to declare @
truce, will put a step to the wearing of the
fashionable aigrette, which is a plume common
to beth the foreign and native herons.

 

 

 

hers

of North America

 

ATTACHES NETHERSOLES CASH.

 

Marcus Mayer, Whe Waats $16,941, Also

Seizes the ‘“Sapao” Outht.

The scenery and costumes of “Sapho” and the
| balance of Olea Nethetsole, tie actress, ar the
Second National Bank were attached yesterday
oo an order of Justice Andre «s of the Supreme
} Court in an action broneht agvinst her by Mar-

cus R. Mayer, her former theatrical! nager,

tw recover $i4941 for alleged breach of con-

tract. The attachment was issued on allega-
} tions that she is a non-resident, and that her
plics of residence is 5 Norfols street, Park
Lane, London

Mr Mayer sets up 4 contract he made with
her in July, tsus, fortwo years to act as fier
manager. He wasto have $100 a week as a
j certainty. From the profits she was to take
: $20,000 and $300 a week and from the rest of the
net profits he was to receive 25 per cent. of the
first $5,044) 30 pee cent of Une next den) and
i 35 per cent. of the net profits above the $19,00».
} Mr Mayer avers that after deducting their
'

salaries as stated and the $20,»), her get profits
He faures
out his share at $19 465, t states he ony re
oelted $2,724, and wants the balance of $14.1
Lawyer A H mel, who eppears for
Miss Nethersole, said be would either move to
vacate th: attachment or will rebond the prope
erty seiged, and contest the action Miss
Nethersoie had intended to 4 rc Europe on
the New York ast weed, Out Ws su in Seabrught.

for the past two years were $35.22

 

at

 
  

 

 

Stewart — Pleasaats.

Batrruors. June 2.—A wedding of interest
lace to-day at noon af Idaho,
home of the bride's mother, Mrs.
her daughter, Mise
Pleasants, was married
to Mr. Charles Stewart of England, now residing
in New Yorks. The ceremooy was performed
br the Rev. W. H F rs, rector of Trinity
ch h. Towson. The bride entered the drawe
Mr J. Pemberton
‘ she was given away she
e.degrn attended by his
hilig $; nkiin of New York,
ore Mr. Stewart waa to
! usin, the Earl of
at he
war
some present of ver
niyre, another cousin.
several peers and be
Fogiish family. The
mother. who was Mis8

Eari of Searsdaie and

to soci
the
Richard

woe fF

ountry

Plans
Elizabe Pou
¢,

 
 

2, whe

  
 

H
:

 

”

 

1

 

si

 

ad
4
i

 

Sim peon— Livingston.

Miss Katherine L. Livingston and Lawrence
s n were married yesterday in St Paul's
F -on-theHudson, by the rector
1s given away by her father, /4nn
Henry Livingston. Misa Alic* Morton of this

| city and Miss Virginia Canfeid, Mise Mary
Roberta Coles, Miss Eather Hare, Mise Emily
aro and Miss Naner Hutchinson, all of Phila.
eiphia, were the bridesmaids. Se
ein, assisted the bridegroom as b

Chureh, Tiv
Thea brid

   
  

 

eyes

 

 

MeRa Livingston, Bronson Wintarn , ns
feid Patterson sinwricht Parish, James B

| Ludlow, Tompkins Melivaine, (haries K Beek-

| manand Edwara de Peysrer Livingston were
he ushers \’rer the church ceremony there
Wasa reception given at rh ome the Dride's
father The bridegroom is the soa of the late
Theodore Simpson of Red Hoos, N.Y

Dancan— Stoddard.

« place yesterday af

| Stuart Dunean ¢ ternoon
in Rivers de hureh

Presbyterian
ntv-third «treet

Rutgers urch,
Broadway and S- The Rev.

 

«Stod jard, the bride's father,
performed the ceremonar

| up the aisle by her brothe
| V Hofman

| her sister as maid
|

}

}

Charlies August
and she was escorted
-lav, Wilam M
Mies Marion Stoddard attended
fhonor. Miss Amy Duncan
Dunean, sisters of the
were the bridesmaids Howard
Caswell Smith was bestman. After the church
ceremont the Dride’s parents gavea reception
at their home, 300 West Se eotr-seonnd <treet,

te frends The bride
Mrs Joba Patersoa
fourth street.

r-in

and Miss Jeanie Belle

beidegroon

room 4 a F

« :
Duncan of 9 East Sixty

 

 

Shriver—Van Bibber.

Barrrmors, June The marriage of Mies
Harriet Lewis Yan Bibber daughter of Mr
and Mrs. George L. Van Bibber. of Belair, Md.,
to Mr. J. Alexis Shriver, son of Mrs. J. Alex-

4

ander Shriver of Baltimore, took place this
morning at 1030 o'clock at St. Mary's P. E
Church, near Belair. The ushers were Mr
Alexander W. Carroll of Baltimore. Mr. Alex-
ander S. Beil of Harford county, Mr. John §
Shriver of Washington and Dr. Armfleld PF

Olet ¢

   
   

 

t ride

The ceremony Waa performed by the Rev.
br. W liam F. Brand, rector of St. Mary's P. BE.
Church.

 

Hof mana - Sanford.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 190

 

| putin the time veisureiy to-day and made an

| tures, Dudley Evans, Prof Houston and W

M
The best man was Mr. Haroid Walsh. |

|

Mrs. Dwight M. Sanford of New York, to Wal- |

}

Van Bibber of Belair The bridesmaids were
Mias Alice and Miss \ lendinen of Balti-
re, nieces of the oridegroom, and the maid-of-
Prrrsrisip, Mass, June 2 ~The marriage of
Mins Laura G. Sanford, daughter of Mr and
ter Hofman of New York took piace at St
Paul's Chureh at Stockbridge to-day at noon,
The Rev. Arthur Lawrence, rector of the
church, officiated, assisted by the Rev. Dr.
Battershal of St. Peter's, Albany, N Mise
Irene Botsford of Chi ago was the dridesmaid

and George D. Cross of New York best man
The ushers were were Bernard’ Hoffman, Max
Hoffman, Eli W. Blake and Phillip Kobbe, ali of
York. A reception followed at den

}

Hill,’

tord of Chicago,

   

orcign Bios

ween te

 

 

THE SAVOY HOTEL,
The Savoy Restaurant,

looking the Gardeas and River, with St. Paul's and Westminster in sght. An [ralian orchestes

| plays during dinner and supper

‘CLARIDGES HOTEL,

| been emploved in the furnishing
| lute peivacy If desired.

'

of Gen. and Mrs. Ferdinand

Of international ‘ame, ts under direction of

 

Grosvenor Square, in the centre of fashionable

Com plete suites, inciading separate restibules, Insares adao-
A Bova: Suite Prince of Wales's) with separate entrance from the main

  
 

Ie Boutillier Brothers

West Twenty-third Street.

 

34,700 pairs

Fine Imported Stockings
- aran Enormous Sacrifice.

Ladies’ Fast Black’ ‘‘Rock
Dye’’ fine Cotton Hose, ribbed
or plain, spliced soles, value

35¢. pair,
Ladies’ Lisle

and doable soles, baiue 40c.,

Ladies’ Fast Black ‘‘Rock
Thread or
Gause @albriggan Hose, spliced

Dye’”’ fine Lisle

soles, ribbed or plain, value 50c.

Ladies’ extra fine Lisle Thread
Fast Black ‘“Rock Dye’’ Hose,
spliced selvage and double soles,

value 75¢. patr,

Ladies’ Fast Black °‘Roch
Dye’’ Lisle Thread Hose, ribbed
or plain, Wwith silk embroidered

insteps, balaes 50c. and 60c.,

Ladies’
Ankles, Fast Black ‘‘ Rock Dye’

Lisle Thread Hose, valae 65c.,

Thread Fast
Black ‘‘Rock Dye’’ Hose, Rich-
eliew ribbed or plain, spliced heels

,

Open-work, Lace

Ladies’

J.

walues 35¢. and 50c. pair,

| 25.
35c
| 506

Children’s

Fancy Balbriggan
Hose, in stripes and p olka dots,
Black and assorted colors,

Ladies’ Fancy Striped Lisle |
Thread and Mercerised Silk
Hose, values 50c. and 65¢. pair,

Ribbed Cotton
Hose. doable knees, Fast Black
**Ruock Dye,”* sises7 1-2 to 10
inches. values 25¢. and 35¢.,

Men’s Fast Black Mercerised
Sith Half Hose, spliced heels and
toes, valae 35¢. patr,

Men’s Fancy Fine Cotton ,

and Lisle Thread Half Hose,

| 3 ‘
» 39%.

”

with embroidered fronts, polka
dots and silk stripes, black and
colored, values 35c. and 50c.,

| 25e
350
| 15
| [9a
| 25e

No such values have ever been of-
fered in reliable makes of fine hosiery,
of which every pair is guaranteed.

N. B.—Also, special offerings of India Silks, Ladies’ Suits, Shirt Waists, and
Laces, and the best general assortment of reliable goods we have ever
shown in 60 years.

Le Boutitlier Brothers

     

CITIZEN TRAIN’S IMHO

RTALITY.

 

He Is Engaged at This Very Momeat, Like the
Rest of Us, in Living Forever.

Citizen George Francis Train is sending
around the country copies of a periodical he is
editing at La Crescent, Minn, called the Penny
Magazine: price five cents acopy. The title page
bears @ number of the Citizen's war cries and
characteristic greetings. “Everything is worth
having, nothing is worth worrying over’ ’’ he in-
serides at the head of the page, and besides
Ukenens of the editor there is printed, with
abundant margin to give the {ul value to the
exoamation marks:

YESTERDAY, a MEMORY’
TOMORROW Av [MaGINaTIONt!
To-pa¥ Exists!
Hance, Now 1s Ere@anrrv!
AND WS Live FoREVBR!

Mr. Train's rinctpal contribution ts

Jreenbacking ifreen Million, and other
Parchics In atich and wonderful roem en-
titled “Murder Charging Assassin Air.inwhich

‘oore,” war,’ “law and “gore ate invoked
in Austinian rhyme, Mr. Train exclaims

What Difference fn Assassins,

Ratiers, Cobras and Moccasins!

Contribu'ors to the Penny Magerine are nott-
fied that the publication ‘is unhampered by ‘he
fraud of parties or tne fear of creeds “ and con-
tributions, ‘on every eubject, that pay homage
to neither,” are invited

WEST POINT BOARD OF VISITORS.

 

 

They Inspect Some of the Departments aad
Select the Commiitees.

Wret Porrt, June 2.—The Board of Visitors

inspection of some of the departments This
afternoon they met and selected the following
committees: Examinations, Discipline and In-
struction, A.C. Kaufman, Prof. Houston and
A B Capron: Armament and Equipment, Gen.
MeCook, Dudley Evans, Charles H. Grosvenor;
Buildings, Grounds and Hratene, the Rev.
Heary M. Curtis, Col. Church and James L.
Siarden, Fisca! Affairs, Suppiies and Expendi-

he Future of the Academy, Mr
Sia ce ace 6 MeCook and Thomas

H. Carter

Among the distinguished persons present to-
day were Rear Admifal Phi p Commandant of
the Broowlyn Navy Yard, (ren. Adna R. Shafter,
Gen Morgan and Gen. Egbert D. Viele. Gen
Miles has deciared his intention to be present at
the dedication of Memoria’ Hallon the j3ta. At
2 o’eiock this afternoon the Brooslyn Teachers’
Association, numbering 3,0) persons, came uo
on an excursion beat and spent two hours here
at sughteeing

Bronze Tablet to Washington.

A bronze tablet in memory of George Wash-
{ngton was unveiled yesterday at the residence
P. Earle on
Washington Heights, formeriy the Jumel man-

sion and occupied by Washington as his head-
deer during the Datde of iiariem Heights,

 

pt. 16, 1778 The tablet is the gift of the
fashington Heights Chapter of the
of the American Revolution, of which
le is Regent. The Hon. John W. Vroomaa
livered the oration.

forrign Hotel

eo

 

”

Overlooking the Thames and Embankment
Gardens ; com mands an lncom parable view,
By night « fairy scene. A rendezvous for
American society and European aobility.
The entire house, nearly 300 roomsantl*»)
bathrooms, is sumptaously furnished with
latest improvements. It ts absolutely
fireproot, dewa te the cenerete floors.
Pure water from an Artesian well

MR. MENRI WENG AY, Gen. Nanager.

the famous Chef, Maitre Thourng!. Meals
are on the romantic terrace over-

 

Loadon; is the abode of royalty and aristoo-
racy. The dest and ecnstilest materials have

street. Over 300 rooms and 100 bathrooms, The whele house ls absolately freproof, and

four read Greproof staircases insure absolute safety.

frequented by the elite of Loadoa.

THE GRAND HOTEL,
Rome

 

PARIS

 

‘The Restaurant Marivaux,

Pieid: form:
Sita O'She Soa Bway.

The restaurant is regulariy
MR. MWENMI SENGAT, Gea. Manager.

Is aniversal!y recognized as the most beaatifal
and com/ortable, aa it is the newest, hotel
in Italy. I: is the chief rendezvous of Amert-
enn and English society. The lonbdies and |
restanrant, under picturesque illamination,
reaembie a veritable “midsummer niehts |
dream.” NM. A. PPYYPER, Basager.

More familiar as “Jeseph's” onno-
site the new Opera Com'que, has |
an is reputation of
feng standing. |

 

em

Constable ge C

Summer Goods

at

Greatly Reduced Prices.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

MIN'TATURE ALMANAC—THIS DAY.
Sun rises......4:30| Sunsete 725 | Moon sets 1! 37
HIGH WATER—THIS Dav.
Sandy Hook 11 24| Gow I'412:00| Hell Gate
Arrtved—SaTURDAY, June?
Se St Paul Jamison, Southamptwo. May 26
Ss Etruria, Wat, Live . May 26
M Kariowa, Hamburg, May 20
Se Su Cuthbert. Pugh, Antwerp, May 1a
Ss Bovie, Jones Liverpool, May 23
Ss Filse Marte, Dalidor?, Hamburg, May a
Ss Isiand, S&jods, Copenhagen, May |
Se Niagara, Miller, Cl ofuegoa May 23.
Ss Prewrts, M Kenzie, Bermuda, y 31.
Ge Prima. Meyer, Progrese. Mey 25
Ss Lroq iols, Bembdie. Jacksonville, May 39.
Ss Jamestowr Tapier. Nortoik, June t
Ss George Farwell, Picket, Fernandina, May 29
Sbip Morning ign, Svenaden, London. \prti 26.
Saip Alduera, Gosum A’ soa Bay, Marsch le
ARRIVED OUT.
Ss Grosser Kurfucrst, from New York. at South

ampton
Ss Werra, from New Yor® at Genoa

SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS
Se La Gaseogne, from Havte for New York.
Ss Campania, from Liverpool for New York.
Ss St. Louis, from Southampton for New York.
Ss Southwark. from Antwerp for New York.
Sa Friedrich der Grosse, from Bremen for New York
Ss Batavia, from Hamburg for New York

OUTGOLNG STEAMSHIPS

 

 

  
 
  
  

 

 

Sea To-day.
Maus Close. Versa Sais
Potetam, Rotterdam A.OAM 10M AM
Parseags. Maraniam s0AM 1000 AM
Set Twertay, wre 5,
K. W. det Grosee, Bremen. 7 00 AM 19WAM
Beigravia, Hamburg 11L00AM
Alamo, Coloa ewAM 100P MM)
Trogvots, Chartestoa ° s00P Mi}
El Norte, New Orieans a00PM |
Sail Wednesday, June }
St Paul, Southampton. 70AM 190 AM |
Majestic, Liverpool 9AM 1200 M |
Noordland. Antwerp...... 1090 AM 200M |
Pawia, Naples . |
Seneca, Tampico 100P M sooP My
Sed Trursday, June 7 |
La Bretagne, Havre 700 AM 1900 AM
K. Friedrich, Hamodurg . 700AM ie MaAM)
Barbaross1, Bremen izcomM
Caracas, San Juao 1100AM 100P M |
Yueatsn, Havana 100P M ao pM
Niagara, Nawau 10PM 20 PM
Pretoria, Bermuda -. S6WAM 1000AM
INCOMIN | STEAMSHIPS
Dus Today
Salerno Neweasue May 18
Hosraz ...+.+++ St Lucia Mar 25
Hisoanta. Hamows May 209
su ie Gibraltar May 19
La Aretagne.. ..-+- Havre May 26
Statendam ... : Rotterdam May 24
Mesada -» Leadon May 24
Due Tomorrow
Cymrte Liverpool May 25
Gardenia CAdraitar. .. -May 21
Hespecta Gibraltar May 22
Vimetra Gibraltar ’ May 21
El Paso New Orleans May 30
Loulfdana New Orleans May 3
Cataluna ° Havana May
Rio Grande Bronswie® June 1 |
Ohio Hull soos May 19
Nacoochee . Savannant........ June
Dwe Tuesday, june
Priewand ; Aatwerp May 2
uren aa -- Glasgow May 24,
‘one bo ° Galveston May
| Altal ... Port Limon
Seminole ......... . Jecbsont\le..... June 2
Dwe Watnesday Janet
Oeeanle....... .. Liverpool May 39
Aller . Gioraltar May 24
Lana . Bremen. Ma
Koenigin Luise. Bremen May 24
chy Swansea May 23
A\lanea May 30
ad 409s0ab0docennes g Jume 1

frm wanes oie 2, |

ee
—-€

 

Horner’s

| Furniture.

LINES FOR
With largest assortments and best
values in each and every line.
Mapk, Birch and Enamelled Suites, comprie

ing Bedsteads, Bureaus, Dressing Tables,
Wardrobes, Chiffoniers, Tables, Chairs.

Brass and Enamelled Iron Bedsteads, all siagp

and styles.

Dining Room Suites in all woods and finishes,
Parlor, Library and Hall Furniture in lates®

designs.

R. J. HORNER & CO.,

Furnitere Makers aad Importers,

G1, 63,65 West 28d Street,
(Adjoining Edew Masee).

 

First Winner of the Preedéfitt Fellowshép.

The first award of the Alexander Monerief
Proudfitt fellowship at Columbia University
has been received by John Erskine of Weee

hawken, N. J. amember of the senior
The felowship was
last year through a ! 000

the coilege

Alexander

eeacy of $15,
to aid spectai work in the et

lettres

The Curtis scholarshi

bave been won b
will apeectaiize in

Att

in Barnard ©

Miss Elsie Kuofer of $8,
v and Mise Virginia
com), 800, woo will pursue wort ta
Romance anguages and literatures.

Sales asd Grhibitions,

er nnn

 

FIFTH AVE.
AUCTION ROOMS.

WY. B. VORMAS, huctions.

To be sold
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) APTERNOOS,
and following afternoon at 2 o dock,

THE ENTIRE HANDSOME

Furnishings of a Large Apartment

233 Fifth ive.

! | MANHATTAN STORAGE & WAREHOUSE CO,
} Consigtia,
Parior, Dining and room Suites, T!
Siiver,a Magnificent Bronze Coe

at

set,

Turkish Carpets 1nd Rugs.

Erenings and
Cadinets, Su
Carved Old

Rare
hy ae Vernia Martin
ro Engiien Mantel Mirrors,
ogiiat Oa Sideboard with eet

and side tadies 'o match. an Assortment of

Furntture, Wissner w
Arms afd Cameras
Ony

gs

ght Plano, Collection

Meld Plated Ware,

STEINWAT PARLOR BABY GRAND PIANO,

Pair Big uisite
00 yearned A
aiture, ete. ete

preach Ah aaa