VOL. LEXY. —NO. 3 301,
SHALL BRYAN BR OPPOSRD ? |

THAT’S THE QUESTION DIVIDING
DEMOCRATS IN satya da baal

 

 

 

New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania
Want a Fight All Along the Line—Some
Others Say Nominate Him Again and
Be Done With Him for Geod and All.

DENVER, June 26.—Members of the com-
mittee on convention arrangements of the
Democratic national committee have arrived
here ready for the meeting to-morrow,
when the temporary chairman of the con-
vention is to be selected,

The committeemen here are Chairman
Thomas Taggart, Roger C. Sullivan, James
C, Dablman, Norman E. Mack, 0. M. John-
ston and John E. Osborne. John T. -Mc-
Graw and Clark Howell are to he here to-
morrow. Urey Woodson, secretary of
the national committee, and Edwin Sefton,
assistant secretary, are alao on the ground.

The very general impression to-night is
that Theodore E,: Bell of California is to be
temporary chairman and Representative
Henry Clayton of Alabama permanent
chairman of the convention

Mr, Bell was the Democratio candidate for
Governor of California in 1906 and was de-
feated because William R. Hearst put an
Independence League candidate in the field.
He ia a fine speaker.

Representative Clayton comes from a
State which has recently developed a de-
cided partiality for Gov. Johnson of Minne-
sota.

The national committee is not to meet
until July 6 to take up and decide the con-
tests. There are mighty few of these con-
tests, the most important of course being
the twelve delegates elected to this con-
vention by the Democrats of Kings county,
New York, headed by Senator McCarren.

The other contests are in the First dis-
trict of Chicago and the Ninth district of
Ohio.

New York’s member of the committee on
credentials is to be Daniel F. Cohalan, and
either Alton B, Parker or William F. Shee-
han will in all probability be New York's
member of the committee on resolutions.
‘The New York delegation is to vote under
the unit rule.

Senator Joseph W. Bailey is very seriously
talked of here as chairman of the committee
on resolutions.

William J. Bryan, confident of the nomi-
nation on the first ballot, is writing the
platform at Lincoln, and several! of Bryan's
friends who dropped off to see him on their
way to this town assert to-night that the
platform contains a strong anti-injunction
plank.

Cipher telegrams were received to-day
from New York, New Jersey and Pennsyl-
vania Democrats by members of the com-
mittee on arrangements to fight Bryan all
along the line on credentials, on resolu-
tions. on his own nomination and on the
nomination of a candidate for Vioe-Presi-
dent. No decision on this matter will be
reached until the arrival of important
Demécrats from these three States, Sev-
eral members of the committee on arrange-
mente believe,and so said to-day,that Bryan
should be allowed without protest to run
the whole shooting match; that no fight
should be made against him for the nomi-
nation, even though one-third of the dele-
gates and more were arrayed in opposition
to him and that he should have ftee rein
as to the platform und his running mute.

Naturally there ‘was preliminary talk
of a Vice-Presidential candidate. Chair-
man Taggart spoke up for Jobn W. Kern
of Indiana and gaid he would materially
strengthen the ticket to be named here.

Rodger ©. Sullivan said that John Mitchell
was entirely out of it, both for Vive-Presi-
dent and as a candidate for Governor of
Nlinois,

Norman E. Mack said that he and William
J. Conners, of the New York
Democratio State cor:mittee, had all along
believed that the second place on the ticket
should go to Lieut.-Gov. Lewis Stuyvesant
Chanler There are othera here who men-
tion the name of Charles A. Towne of New
York.

Thep, too, should Gov. Johnson of Minne-
sota fail to win first place several eminent
Demoorate speak of him as the very best
man for Vice-President. But all this is in
the air, for great things are expected when
Senator Johnston of Alabama and Jo
Em Brown, candidates for Governor of
Georgia, arrive; Senator Johnston is a
Johnson man from his head to his heels
and Jo Brown was nominated over Hoke
Smith, the radical anti-business and anti-
prosperity Governor of Georgia, and the
State’s delegation is uninatructed. Clark
Howell is expected to bring Jo Brown along
with him: Yet, as already said, influential
Demoorats on the ground seem to believe
that the whole outfit, hook, line and sinker,
especially the latter, should be handed over
to Bryan without a protest or without even
the semblance of a siruggie. They base
thelr argument on the “three strikes and
out” idea, and amohg those inclined to this
policy are Democrats who believed that
Bryan should have been renominated in
1904. - emashing the Nebraskan would
have récelved that year by Roosevelt,
it is added, would have finished him for
all time as an aspirant for the Democratic
Presidential nomination.

‘Charles R. Walsh, head of the Independ-
ence League in the absence of Mr. Hearst,
has announced that the national convention
of the Independence League, to be held at
Chicago July 37, has been postponed until
the last week in August.

Tas Svuw announced several weeks ago
that Mr. Hearst was to sail for Europe and
that there was every indication that the
Héarst movement to nominate a national
ticket was to be abandoned. Mr, Hearst
emphatically donied this, and yot it is
known that Mr. Walsh has told Demo-
crates in the regular fold that Mr. Hearst
desired to retire from the field of national
politics, that the game was very expensive
but. that Mr, Hearst desired to retire as
gracefully as possible. This, it was pointed
out to-day by Mr. Walsh’s old friends on
the Democratic national committee, can be
accomplished by Mr. Walsh's tactics, fre-
quent and long postponements of the time
for holding the nationa! convention of the
Hearst Independence League. Then too,
ft was added, the result of the Mayoralty
court contest in New York has beena painful
surprige to Mr. panes, bork Gonaaeen for it demonstrates

wr ao gee

——— ee

2

      

that there was no conspiracy to count him
out in 1905,

The Jerome watchers and.other watchers
at the polls on election night that year
numbered from fifteen to twenty-five at
every polling place and those who have
considered the merits of the'case and have
not been swayed by bias or political preju-
dices have been convinced from the start
that Mr. Hearst and not Mayor MoClellan
would be thé loser in the long run. The
retirement of the Hearst leaguers from the
national fleld of politios would make a
clearcut struggle between Taft and tho
candidate to be named by this convention,

 

BRYAN TO CONTRIBUTE $100,000,

Rumor in Washington That He Intends to
Swell the Campaign Fund,
WASHINGTON, June 26.—Some of the
faithful hereabout profess to believe that
William J. Bryan intends to oontribute
$100,000 to the Democratic national cam-
paign fund. It is not stated whether the
expected contribution is to hinge on Mr.
Bryan's nomination for President, Neither
has anything in writing from Mr. Bryan
conveyed the glad tidings, and no one has
appeared to say he has heard Mr. Bryan
say so or that he heard any one say that
Mr. Bryan‘said so. It seems to be a rumor
based on the conviction that Mr. Bryan
ought to, as he can well afford it.

One of the reasons cited for Mr. Bryan’s
loosening up is a statement attributed to
him that he will insist on knowing the
source of all tainted money contributed and
that this may caus: the loss of a considera-
ble amount of money.

When Mr. Bryan was a candidate in 1896
he wasa poor man. In 1900, while in better
circumstances, he made only a small con-
tribution. Within the last ten years he has
made so much money through his peper
and on the lecture platform that he is a
rich man. Hence the belief that he will let
go a lot of it for the good of the cause.

 

TO CONFER ON PLATFORM.

Democrats to Go Over the Document With
Bryan Next Week,

LincoLn, Neb., June 26.—A conference of
Democratic leaders will probably be ar-
ranged for next week to go over the pro-
posed Democratic platform with Mr. Bryan.
No one has yet put forward a draft of
that document, but the prediction is that
it will be a paraphrase ofj the Nebraska
State Democratic platform adopted last
March with some of La Follette’s planks
rejected at Chicago added.

Mr. Bryan has indicated his belief that
the usually solid Republican negro vote in
the North can be divided by an appeal to the
intelligent members of the race in the Den-
ver platform.

THREE VICE-PRESIDENT BOOMS.

Archibaid MeNeili of Connecticut Gets a
Bwvost in Denver,

DENVER, June 26.—National Chairman
Tom Taggart arrived to-day and brought
with him the Kern boom. “John W. Kern
can carry the State of Indiana by a great
majority.” Taggart says, “Kern is one of
the strongest men in the Iniddle West.”
Charles A. Towne, formerly Congresaman
from Minnesota and an orator of national
reputation, has shied his castor into the ring
‘as a Vice-Presidential candidate and has
reserved headquarters here,

Connecticut men, claiming the backing
of all New England and New York,/are push-
ing Archibald MoNeill of Bridgeport for
Bryan's running mate.

 

 

 

 

HARRIMAN’S STABLES BURNED,

Also Coachman’s Cottage and a Favorite
Horse—Mansion Saved by Tuxede Firemen,
Tuxrpo Park, N. Y., June 26,—E. H.
Harriman's country place at Arden was
the scene of much excitement at 5 o'clock
this morning when fire started in his stable,
Before the men on the estate could be called
together tho fire had gained such headway
that the stable was burned to the ground,
together with the coachman's cottage, and
the Harriman mansion was {threatened.
William McClellan, manager of the Harri-
man place and the Arden Farms, tele-
phoned to Chief Charles S. Patterson of
the Tuxedo Fire Departinent to come to
his assistance.

Chief Patterson responded quickly, get-
ting his men in readiness and telegraphing
the Erie Railroad office in Jersey City to
stop the first train arriving at the depot, to
have them cut loose their engine and take
the Tuxedo fire apparatus. ‘Before a
train arrived McClellan telephoned that it
was too late, as the stable and. cotta
together with the garage and blac! th
shop and coachman’s cottage, had been
burned. Patterson then went to Arden with
his automobile, taking Pierre Lorillard,
Jr., with him, followed by Assistant Chief
G, O, Bush, making the eight miles in eleven
minutes, giving instruetions for the Tuxedo
fire engine to follow, the arrival of which
saved the Harriman mansion.

The fire, which did nearly $25,000 damage,
started from an unknown origin in the
stable. Before the coachmdn could get
the horges out one of Mr. Harriman’s
favorite horses, Major Gentry, had perished.
The fire aleo consumed several wagons,
nearly all the harness, the Misses Harri-
man’s saddles, their highly prized horse
show blue ribbons and other stable para-
phernalia.

The Harriman family were away, having
attended the New London races on their

yacht.
BRITISH LEGATION BESIEGED.

Shah Defiantly Prepares to Seize Member
of Parilament From Tabriz,
Special Cable Despatches to Tun Sun.
Brrurm, June 26,—The Teheran corre-
spondent of theLokalanseiger telegraphs that
a member of the Persian Parliament from
Tabriz whom the Shah was very desir-
ous of seizing, having taken refuge
in the British Legation, the Shah had
the legation surrounded with Persian Cos-
sacks, who stopped every one who left the
ises

 

 

PrThe legation protested against thia pro-
ceeding as an unheard of insult and has
demanded that the Cossacks be withdrawn
by 6 o’clook this evening.

All the legations, with the exception of
the German and American, have sheltered
refugees. All, while disclaiming interfer-
ence in Persia’s internal affairs, have joined
in representations to the Shah protesting
in the name of humanity against the cruelties

of his soldiers,
are afraid to leave fhe nee
despite ie Shah's rool ion
life to over y, as Prince |
was losin one

Brolin was arrested as he
° Lee in res oa.
M

  
  

  
  

tions

 

   
  

   

June 27,
from T.
has been p:

  

i

—

TO PICK NATIONAL CHAIRMAN

TAFT TO GO TO OYSTER BAY TO-
DAY FOR THAT PURPOSE...

 

 

' VERMONT. Now +. :

   

ot panda andeapeanee

Oe ee ee

FOR BRYAN.

Democratic State Convention Tables In-
structions by OverWhelming Vote.
Buruinaton, Vt., June 26.—Vermont

; Democrats held their convention here to-

Kellogg Wit Go Along to Boost Hitch. |

cook’s Claims—Candidate Arrives From
New Haven and Talks With Cortelyou
and Gen. Wright—To Discuss NegroVote

Secretary Taft, who arrived here from

day. A resolution to instruct the delega-
tion to the national convention at' Denver

| for Bryan was tabled by a vote of 193 to 37.

Mention of Gov. Johnaon’s name brought

'! out the greatest demonstration of the day.

The delegates ut large to Denver have

New Haven yesterday, will confer with | » Bryan man fot chairman. They are G.
Booker T. Washington, president of Tus- | Herbert Pape of Barre, John J. Thompson

kegee Institute, at the Hotel Manhattan
this morning in regard to the negro vote.
Dr. Washington will tell Mr. Taft that he will

of St. Albans, Elisha’May of St. Johnsbury
and James E. Burke of West Rutland. The
alternates are H. G. Williams of Cabot, H. E.

have the support of thenegroes. He wants | Horton of Colchester, Sanford Emery of

the Secretary to speak at at least two negro
mass meetings in the course of the cam-
paign. Dr. Washington would not say last
night where he~ thought these meetings
ought to be held.

Dr. Washington was to have seen Mr.
Taft by appointment at 10:30 o'clock last
night, after Mr. Taft had returned from a
little dinner given in his honor by Jacob.
G. Schmidlapp, president of the UnionTrust
Company of Cincinnati, at the St. Regis
Hotel, but Mr. Taft postponed the meeting
until this morning. Dr. Washington had
this to say:

“In thé last analysis the negro vote will
go to Mr. Taft because the negroes will
realize in the campaign that they have
nothing. to expect from the Democratic
party. With the Democratic convention
made up in large part of Southern repre-
sentatives of the Tillman-Vardaman type
it will be impossible for the negro to get
anything. If he is to get anything he will
have to look to the Republican party, and
he will naturally go for the Republican
candidate.”

Dr. Washington added that Mr. Taft's
personality is popular among the negro
voters,

Mr. Taft} met at the Hotel Man-
hattan last night Secretary Cortelyou,
who had come on from Washington to
attend the Cleveland funeral; John Hays
Hammond, who at one time had aspira-
tions to be Mr. Taft’s running mate; Gen.
Luke D. Wright, who is to succeed Mr. Taft
in the Cabinet, and Gen. Clarence R. Ed-
wards, chief of the bureau of insular affairs
of the War Department.

Mr. Taft’s talk with Mr. Hammond was
said to be merely a little social chat. Mr.
Hammond has been one of Mr. Taft’s close
friends for many years. There have been
rumors that Mr. Hammond wouldn't be
averse to taking the job of chairman of
the national wommittee, but these stories
have never been confirmed.

Mr. Taft’s talk with Secretary Cortelyou
also was without political significance.
With Gen, Wright and Gen. Edwards he
diacussed the affairs of the War Depart-
ment, and these matters will be taken up
further to-day at the conference with Presi-
dent Roosevelt at Oyster Bay.

Both Gen, Wright and Gen. Edwards
will accompany the Secretary to Sagamore
Hill. They will leave on the 8:50 o'clock
train. At this conference Secretary Taft
expects to clear up entirely his conduct of
the affairs of the War Department and
practically hand the portfolio over to Gen.
Wright. Mr. Taft will not, however, for-
mally retire from the Cabinet until July 1.

Frank B, Kellogg, national committee-
man from Minnesota and the Government
trust buster, will also be a guest at Oyster
Bay to-day. Mr. Kellogg's presence is re-
garded as significant. He is a strong sup-
porter of Frank Hitchcock, the steam roller
man, for chairman of the Republican na-
tional committse.

It ia believed that at the conference at
Oyster Bay to-day he will represent Hitch-
eock. There is little doubt that the ques-
tion of a chairman of the national com-
mittee is to be decided at this Sagamore
Hill conference and the presence of Mr.
Kellogg was taken last night as an indica-
tion that there might still be a prospect
that Mr. Hitchcock would reconsider and
stand for election. It is believed that
Hitchcock is the President’s choice for the
place.

The formal selection 6f a national com-
mittee chairman will take place at Wash-
ington on July 8, the’ meeting of the sub-
committee having been postponed a week
at the request of Mr. Taft because of the
illnees of James 8, Sherman, It is ex-
pected that Mr. Sherman will be in shape
to attend the meeting.

The dinner given by Mr. Schmidlapp at
the St. Regis was attended by A. C. Coffin,
head of the General Electrio Company;
President Ralph Peters of the Long Island
Railroad and Republican Nationa] Com-
mittéeman Charles Brooker of Ansonia,
Conn. Gen. Wright and Gen. Edwardé
were expected at the dinner, but they didn’t
arrive at the Hotel Manhattan until late
in the evening. As it was the dinner was
practically a little “Cincinnati affair.” Mr.
Coffin is an old Cincinnati man, and Mr.

Peters was known out there by Secretary “

Taft for a good many years.

After the dinner the Secretary jumped
into a taxicab and was taken for a ride
through Central Park, down Riverside
Drive and then down Broadway. Speak-
ing of the Broadway theatre district the
Seoretary said:

“I never fealized there were so many
electric lights there before. It is really
a remarkable sight.”

Mr. Taft arrived in New York from New
Haven at 6 o’clock in the afternoon. He
was pretty tired after his four strenuous
days with Yale, '78. Mrs. Taft and their son,
Charlie, who had had the time of his young

: installation of the new high water pres-

Cavendish and Oscar C. Miller of Newport,
The State ticket follows: For Governor,
James E, Burke of Burlington; Lieutenant-
Governor, John W. Thurston of Island
Pond; Treasurer, J. E, Burns of Rocking-
ham; Auditor, Thomas B. Bragg of Rutland;
Attorney-General, John J. Enright of Bur-
lington.

A memorial resolution on the death of
Grover Cleveland was adopted by a rising
vote.

X-SCIENTISTS

For Woman Whom Car Passed Over Without
Badly Hurting Her.

A woman who gave her name to the
police as Mrs. 8. ©. Cooper, 85 years old,
either jumped or fell in front of a south-
bound subway express as it was drawing
into the Ninety-sixth street station yester-
day afternoon. She is slight in build and
the forward trucks of the first car passed
over her without inflicting any injuries
beyond scalp wounds and bruises.

E. H. Brooks, the towerman at the sta-
tion, says that as soon as Mrs, Cooper was
pulled out she was surrounded and prayed
over by a group of women members of the
First Church of Christ, Scientist, at Ninety-
sixth street and Central Park West. Finally
@ nurse who got off another train turned in
an ambulance call.

When Mrs. Cooper regained her senses
she insisted on being taken to her home in
the Lucetine apartments at 35 West Ninety-
sixth street. According to the superin-
tendent of the building her friends at first re-
fused to let a doctor treat her but finally
were persuaded by the nurse. As soon as
the doctor had ed he and the nurse
hastily left the apartments.

Half an hour before Mrs. Cooper's mis-
hap William Cox, a laborer, of 19 Hamil-
ton street, lost his footing on the other
side of the platform and fell to the track.
He was picked up suffering from scalp
lacerations and taken to the J. Hood Wright
Hospital.

TO TEST HIGH PRESSURE MAINS.

 

PRAY IN SUBWAY

 

 

 

West Street to Get a Wetting Down on
Sunday Morning.

West street in the vicinity of the new
Washington Market will come in for a bath
at 9 o’clook Sunday morning such as no
other street in the city has had for some
time. The water department has finished

sure mains at that point and, with the co-
operation of the Fire Department, will make
a test of the mains and incidentally of some
new hose. The tests will be under the per-
sonal supervision of Chief I. M. De Varona
of the water department.

Eight hydrants between Bank and Ganse-
voort streets will be used, and it is proposed
to deliver through these hydrants up to
18,000 gallons of watera minute against a
pressure of 300 pounds at the station. For
this purpose six motors and pumps will
be going at full speed, and the hose will
be go laid that the entire discharge will be
concentrated at West and Twelfth streets.
A second test will be made hooking up
hose for twenty streams of water with the
same capacity of 18,000 gallons. The two
tests will last for forty minutes apiece.

After the Fire Denartment ia somewhat
familiar with the working of the/system
under these pressures there will be tests
under actual conditions; that is, gn alarm
of fire will be sounded anywhere in the city
where the new mains are in, and the time
to see how long it takes to get a required
pressure will be recorded,

 

SEEKS DIVORCE.

ARMY WIFE

Gen. Palmer’s Granddaughter Alleges That
Lieut. Weeks Deserted Her.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill., June 26.—Mrs. Ma-
linda Ellon» Weeks instituted suit in the
Sangamon County Circuit Court in this city
to-day for a divorce from her husband,
Lieut. Frank Russel Weeks; Artillery Corps,
U. S. A., stationed at Fort Hancock, N.
J., charging desertion,

The couple were married at the St. Nicho-
las Hotel, where Mrs. Weeks was residing
with her mother, Mrs, Jessie Palmer Weber,
on January 4, 1904, the Rev. Alexander
Allen, rector of Christ Episcopal Church,
officiating. It was a fashionable affair

Mrs. Weeks alleges in her bill that her
husband deserted her in January, 1905,
but that the following June they became
reconciled and lived together until June
19, when the final desertion took place.

Mrs. Weeks is a granddaughter of the
late Gen. John M. Palmer, who was Gov-
ernor and United States Senator from IIli-
nois and the Gold Democratic candidate
for President in 1898,

 

 

GOV. HUGHES IN TOWN.

 

Discusses Plans for the $8,000,000 Educa-
tonal Building.

After returning from the funeral of ex-

life at his father's reunion, left, however, | President Cleveland Gov. Hughes went to

in the morning and went through to Wash-
ington.

the Hotel Astor, where he will remain until
to-day, when he will go back to Albany.

Several of Mr. Taft's old classmates were { Through Col, Treadwell, his military secre-
at the station in New Haven to see him ji tary, he sent word to the newspaper men

off, but there was no demonstration, Mr,
Taft had a seat in one of the ordinary par-
Jor cars. He was recognized by every-
body. At the Grand Central Station
dy as a little applause, but Mr. Taft |

t and into a cab before the crowd
fone get near him.

Mr. Taft will take lunch with the Presi- |
dent to-day and will probably leave Oyster |
Bay at about 2:90 o’clook.in the afternoon,
taking a 5 o'clock train from Jersey City
for Washington. As soon as he gets back
to Washington he will begin to pack up his
things for moving to Cincinnati, He Will
probably leave Washington the latter part
setae err Hot Springs, Va., return-

Bi the Ralers any Pig 8 to meet the

b-committee of the national committee,
is uncertain how

or |i: ib ther ul hi apes

 

‘ho will stay at Hot

who called at the hotel that he had no com-

| ments to makes on political matters,

While the Governor was in town yester-

‘day morning he and Lieut,-Gov. Chanler,

Speaker Wadsworth and State Architeot
Ware met to discuas the plans submitted by

| the competing architects for the new

| $9,000, , educational building to be erected
in Albany. Bids for the constriction of
the bu g@ were opened in Albany last
/ but before*naking an award Gov.
Hughes and his colleagues on the commis-
sion wished to discuss with the competing
; architects the details of the designs sub-

| mitted. issn bul ae anounced ta |

these architects, but it was announced that
the decision in the matter -Rehobenate’s J
nob he sree wen bear eat:

7. epnir=serinenion ine

Se fa Ss pss SSS Sos SS ann agape cient

———

     

+NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1908. —Copyright, 1908, by The Bun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

C. M“ROLKER, JR., SEL 5

POLICE SAY SUICIDE, H1S MOTHER
SAYS ACCIDENT.

 

 

Son of Mining Engineer Found Mortally
Wounded at His Home and Dtes in Hos
pital—Columbia, 1908, but Was Not
Graduated With His Class Last Month.

Charlee M. Rolker, Jr., the son of a@
mining engineer whose business keeps
him abroad much of the time, shot him-
eelf in the apartments he occupied ‘with
his mother and sister at 127 Riverside
Drive at 5 o’clook yesterday afternoon
and died in the J. Hood Wright Hospital
at 7:45. In a statement given to detectives
of the West Sixty-eighth street station
Mrs. Rolker declared that her son’s death
had been accidental and due to carelessness
in cleaning a revolver, but the police report
was suicide and Coroner Dooley accepted
this repoft withdut investigation.
oung Rolker, who was 21 years old, had
been a member of the class of '08 at Colum-
big University, but his name was not among
the list of graduates given out at commence-
ment last month. He was well known in
college and active in class and university
functions. ‘He was a member of the Zeta
Psi fraternity,

At 5:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon a
young woman who said that she was Zelie
Rolker ran into the office of Dr. M. C. War-
daw at 340 West Eighty-fifth street.

“Come around to our house,” she eaid;

“a man has been shot there.”

The doctor asked her who was shot and
she told him that it was her brother, Charles
Rolker.

When Dr. Warsaw arrived at the Rolker
apartments on the sixth floor of the house
at 127 Riverside Drive, one door below
the corner of West Eighty-fifth street, he
found young Rolker Aigo fully dressed,
upon the floor of his bedroom with his
mother, Mrs. Zelie ie bending over
him. The mother was praying and calling
the young man by name.

There was a pistol wound in the right
temple and another where the bullet had
left the skull in the middle of the parietal
bone on the left side of the head. A re-
volver with one chamber containing an
exploded shell was lying within a few inches
of Rolkers right hand.

Dr. Johnson, who lives at Bretton Hall,
Broadway ‘and Eighty-fifth street, was
summoned by telephone. Dr. Warsaw also
insisted that an ambulance from the J.
Hood Wright Hospital be summoned. Mrs.
Rolker told him that she did not desire
that the accident which she said had hap-
pened to her son should become public
by his removal to the hospital.

When Dr. Johnson arrived and, a few
minutes later, the ambulance, young Rolker
was in a dying condition. The doctors,

him if a speedy trip to the hospital could
be made, stopped an automobile and asked
that the wounded man be hurried in the
machine to the hospital.

At the hospital it was seon that there
was no possibility of an operation saving
Rolker’s life. Mrs. Rolker and Miss Rolker
were with him when he died, without re-
covering consciousness, at 7:45.

Mrs. Rolker said that her son had no
love affairs that she was aware of, that he
had been light hearted up to thesmoment
when she heard the shot from his bedroom
and that there could have been ng money
embarrassment.

“My son went into his room to cleaf
his revolver,” she said. “A few minutes
later my daughter and I, who were in
another room, heard a shot and we ran in
to find him stretched upon the floor, dying.
I am positive that it was an accident. He
was not one who would take his life under
any’ circumstances.”

At the time young Rolker shot himself
there was nobody else in the Rolker apart-
ments except Mrs. and Miss Rolker and a
Japanese butler. Mr Rolker has been
abroad for some time,

Mrs. Rolker told the detective that her
son was a broker in a downtown office, but
she did not give his business addreas. It
was said by one who knew him in college
that he had remained in Columbia until

very recently and that when he found that
he would not be graduated with his class
he had withdrawn. :

‘Coroner Dooley accepted the word of the
hdspital surgeons that the position of the
wounds in the head precluded the possi-
bility of an accidental shooting and waived
a formal examination of the ‘witxesses.

He entered the death as a suicide and gave
permission for the removal of the body
from the hospital to an undertaking estab-
lishment.

FIREMAN HURT,

MORTALLY

 

Driving tn Answer to a Neciless Alarm
When There Was a Collision,

Aa the result of a collision between the

tender of Engine 116 and Truck 55 at Hum-

boldt and Ainslie streets, Williamsburg,

! last night Lieut. Charles Brown of the en-
| gine company lies dying in St: Catherine's

Hospital, The two fire companies. were
answering a false alarm that had been turned
in by somebody who got excited over a dog
fight.

The two pieces of fire fighting apparatus
came together while they were rounding
the corner of the street at full tilt. Lieut.
Brown saw the danger of a collision and
yelled to the men on both machines to
jump, They did so, but he remained, and
when the crash came the tender upon which
he was riding overturned and crushed him
beneath the weight of hose. It took the
men of the engine company several minutes
to raise the body of the wagon off their
superior and drag him out.

An ambulance from St, Catherine's Hos-
pital arrived and carried the injured man
to medical assistance, The surgeons found
that he had a fractured skull, a badly
wrenched back and severe internal in-
juries. They said he could not recover.

 

MRS, LONGWORTH SEES BIG FIRE,

 

Cincinnati Police Chief Lets President's
Daughter Inside the Lines.
CINCINNATI, June 26.-L. P. Hazen & Co.,
contractors, to-night suffered a losa of
$100,000 by a@ fire of unknown origin. Nine
horses were burned to death. The plans

    

    

SULTAN HONORS MRS. ROOSEVELT.

Decorates Her and Mra Longworth With.
the Order of Nichan-l-Chefakat.
Wasuinaton, June 26,—The Sultan of

 

4 Turkey has conferred on Mrs. Roosevelt

and Mrs. Nicholas Longworth the grand

\eordon of the Order of Chefakat. Thoy

were notified of their decoration several
days ago by Chekib Bey, the Turkish
Minister at Washington.

The order has three ranks, the first, of
which has been bestowed upon Mra, Roose-
velt and Mrs. Longworth. The insignia of
the order is a jewel studded with diamonds
and hung with a red and white ribbon. It is
conferred by the Sultan exclusively updn
women of reigning families, of nobility or
of high rank.

The Empress of Russia, the Queen of
Rumania, and Mme. Fallicres, wife of the
President of France, are members of tho
order J

The order Nichan-i-Chefakat is an order
for ladies founded in 1878 by Sultan Abdul
Hamid, There ‘are three classes, the em-
blems of the first and second class being
set in diamonds.

 

 

WILL TAKE CONTEST TO COURT.

 

Towa May Lose a Republican Congressman
Through Prouty-Hull Muddle.

. Des Moines, Ia., June 26.--Judge J. H.
Gamble to-day refused to order the Super-
visors of Dallas county to recount the vote
in the Congress contest and Prouty de-
clares he will appeal to the Superior Court.
As the case stands Congressman Hull has
forty-six majority in the entire district.
Should the Superior Court grant a restrain-
ing order the case cannot be determined
before the November election and the Sev-
enth district would be without a Republican
candidate, which would probably mean the
election of a Democrat.

 

READY FOR PANAMA ELECTION.

 

All Americans to Be Confined to Quarters
and All Barrooms Closed.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

PaNnaMa, June 26.--Final arrangements
for the elections on Sunday are being ef-
fected peacefully. Strict orders have been
given that all barrooms in Panama and Colon
be closed from Saturday evening until
Monday morning. The Canal Commisgion
has prohibited canal employees from leay-
ing their home quarters in the Canal Zone
on Saturday or Sunday. Official orders have
been issued for nayy men to remain on
board their respective ships.

Ex-President Caceres of Peru, Peruvian
Minister to Italy, arrived here to-day, en
route to Rome by way of New York.

The American warships Idaho and New
Hampshire have arrived at Colon.

 

WOMAN SLEUTH STALKED HIM

 

As He Levied on Store After Store—Then
Helped Arrest Him.

Lillian O’Keefe, detective in a Sixth

avenue department store, thought she

saw a@ man put some trinkets in his pocket

believing that there might be hope for | yesterday afternoon and when he left the

Store she followed. He boarded a Broad-
“way car, got off at a store below Four-
teenth street and took $4.50 worth of stuff
there.

Then he went up to a Fourteenth street
store, where he increased his stock by $33
worth. At another store a few doors away
he got goods valued at $7.70.

The man went up Sixth avenue again to
a store opposite the spot where Miss O'Keefe
first spotted him. While he was selecting
something Miss O'Keefe and the store
détective grabbed him and held him until
@ policeman arrested him.

When the man was searched at the West
Twentieth street station he had about $50
worth of assorted valuables. He said he
was Antonio Martinéz, a Cuban of 207
West Fifteenth street.

 

PRINCESS TO WED AUTO AGENT.

Fuerstenberg-Koenigshof Family With-
draw Frattless Opposition.
Specie! Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

VizgNNA, June 26,—Prince Emile von
Fuerstenberg-Koenigshof and the other
members of the family have withdrawn
their opposition to the marriage of Princess
Amelie, sister of Prince Emile, to Gustay
Koczian, agent of a German automobile
firm with whom the Princess eloped lately.

It was impossible to prevent the Princess's
marriage, as she is of age and the possessor
of an independent fortune.

 

ADLAI FOR GOVERNOR.

Former Vice-President to Be a Candidate
in Ilinols Democratic Primary.

‘SPRINGFIELD, IIl., June 26.—Former Vive-
President Adlai Stevenson of Bloomington
will make the contest for the Democratic
nomination for Governor at the primaries
on August 8. Stevenson petitions are being
circulated to-day.

Other candidates for the nomination are
J. serene Lewis of Chicago, joougiaes
Pattison of Freeport, Democratic leader
in the Illinois Houne, and John P. McGoorty,
a member of the Illinois House.

 

WOULDN'T KEEP OFF THE GRASS,

First Arrest in Years for That Offence in
Central Park.

When John Guilaub, a chauffeur who
lives at 28 West Sixtieth street, was arraigned
in the Yorlville police court yesterday
on, a charge of walking on the grass in
Central Park it was said to be the first
arrest of that kind in the park in nearly
ten years.

Policeman Werdam told Magistrate
Barlow that he saw Guilaub take a short
cut across the nea mevers) fines. walking

signs.

right b: eer oO
&G ede tobe to look at at, not to walk on,

I'll anes JJ $2,” the Magistrate sald to the
prisoner. :

GRUBSTAKE AGREEMENT HOLDS.

Man Who Made Millions Out of 86,000
Stake Mast Give Up One-third,

Sgatrux, Wash., June 26,—A lawsuit
which involves more than $1,000,000 in
Alaskan property, but which is especially
interesting on account of its grubstake
feature, has just been decided on an appeal
by the Supreme Court.

Capt. E. T, Barnette, banker and mining
operator at Fairbanks, has been forced to
make an accounting of all and
money which he made while in the Tanana
to James P, Causten, at present Collector of

 

 

| Customs in Porto Rico.

In 1901 Causten advanced $6,000 to Bar-
nette with the agreement that he should
Dave @ third. intgren

 
    

 

PRICE. TWO 3

  

|FUNRRAL .OF MR. ¢

EX-PRESIDENT BURIE!
SIMPLE RITES AT PR

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
      
    
    
    
     
    
     
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
    
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
    

 

 

Brief Services at House and ¢ \.
Cortese Hadn't Reached O44

Painceton, N. J., June 98.-—G
land’s body in its oaken casket was
the grave in the Cleveland family’
Princeton Cemetery this evening
utes after the clock in ar ori
had struck 6, Five minutes later.
paratively emall body of mourners!
had opportunity to assemble at
grave had turned away toward the)
nue where the carriages of the ¢
were still endeavoring to discharge
loads of men and women who had at
the funeral services at Westland, Mr.
land's home,

The President of the United
the cemetery before the widow of a
President had entered her carriage. “T
solemn and impressive quietness which iit
marked the day at Princeton, where busing!
had ceased at midday, gave place to a hase
tening for trains, special and general,
homes and for the Princeton Inn.

The funeral, from the opening of:
services at Westland to the solemn m
when the clergyman at the open grave pr
nounced the committal and turned ak
toward the setting sun, had moved UI
train on telegraphic schedule, except
the end of the funeral cortdge could net
get out of the way in time. At 6 o’ole
the services began. At 6:10 o’cloolc, thre
quarters of a mile away, with the sunm i
lights purpling the landscape about:
cemetery, the funeral attendande
turned its back upon the flower lined
and left it to the care of the gravedigat

‘So promptly upon the arrival of the
at the graveside had the committal oe
mony started that not half of those: #
had been brought from the have 4
cemetery in carriages had had ¢
to dismount from their conveysneek:
j the invocation had closed and thee
turned from the grave President 3
who had been standing almiont '

behind Mrs. Cleveland, drew ws
and permitted her to retrace her

ep ates tere

left their carriages a few moments b
‘With Mrs. Cleveland were Dr. Ja
Bryant of New York, her friend
husband's, on whose arm she had
and her son Richard. When oie
the place where they expected to
their carriage they found instead o
waiting carriage a. line of carriages #
had come from Westland with, persons W
desired to get out and attend.the
which was already connludad. ig

It was at first difficult for these p
to realize the conditi and for
minutes Mrs. Cleveland had to wait at
foot of the cemetery walk, the cynonul
inquiring eyes from the carriaged, ~
police, and the militia who were ¢
them, presently got the line of
motion toward the cemetery gate,
their occupants having opportuni
alight, and also started the returo 1
empty carriages.

In the meantime Mr. Roosevelt h
cided not to await the departure of 1]
Cleveland and he and Secretary
the line of people behind her and b
to their carriage ahead. As soon s
Seoret Servico men had caught up it)
away before Mrs. Cleveland's o
come up. The President's carriage
only open one in the procession.

As soon as Mrs. Cleveland's ca:
gone the assemblage broke or ro
momentary conversations.
was surrounded by several fra
quaintances. Gov. Hoke Smith
with Regent St. Clair MoKelway. uli
Justice Melville W. Fuller of the Unity
States Supreme Court had a few words ¥
one of the Messrs. Armour, Se
quaintances sought a brief chat with |
tary Cortelyou.

About the cemetery in the neighbt
of the grave were Commodore E. CG,
dict, Richard Watson Gilder, John Gi
lisle, William F. Vilas, Hilary A. B
John G. Milburn, Charles 8, t
David R. Francis, ex-Attorney-Gen
Harmon and Senator James Smith, |
of New Jersey, Bishop McFaul 2
Roman Catholic Church, who
to the funeral as a personal fri way
Cleveland; Mrs. William Bissell, Mra. Da
8, Lamont, Mrs. Bryant, Mts. Mo
Mayor George B. McClellan and C
J. McCook.

The scene in the cemetery until the’ }
ward bustle, which was led by the Pix
dent, began was one of quiet beau
Although there was a car track in thenean
atréet no trolley gong or rattle broke am
the late afternoon silence. Only once
nature's respectful stillness broken
wise than by the quiet voice of the pi
reading the words of the final service.

That was just at the moment
had ended his last invocation, -.Th

cartwheels leading to and from |

surrounding turf. On the onde alde
eviiy Dues mp sort Savedeay D ron

for a bank of ae
white iris, the bl of the wi
and its fairer sister, at lilies on

of carnations and roses.
Through this' rich chromatic