0
00

98

ront,
4

front

50

and
large

S.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
    
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
    
   

 

VOL. LXVIL—NO, 355,
inte

DEAD GIRL WAS STRANGLED

poLice NuW LOOKING FOR A MAN
wHO SHOPPED WITH KATE SCHARN,

He Was the Last Person Known to Have Been
with Her Before She Was Mardered and
They Say They'll Have Him ta Forty-eight

s-Theory That a Woman Committed

Crime Bank Clerk Erxonerated.

 

Hour

the

Three facts stood out prominently at the
close of Y oatorday’s investigationi nto the mur-
der of Katherine Scharn, the girl who was found
dead in her flat at 674 Second avenue by her
younger brother Fred at midnight on Satur-
day. The first of these in importance is that
Mise Scharn was shopping on Saturday after-
noon with & young man who was paying her
pills. The police want him very badly, and
they say they will have him within forty-eight
: The second important fact was the

qperver’ at the autopsy that the girl was
strangled to death, and was not
killed by the blows of a hammer,
These only stunned her 80 that
the murderer might finish his work with a rag
or bis hands. The third fact was the practical

establishment of the innocence of Louis Line
coln Elsenprice, the bank clerk,who under the
» Price iby which he is most commonly
known) Wis urrested on Sunduy on suspicion
of having committed the crime. There were
other facts of more or less importance worked
up by the police and by reporters, wud some of
them may yet become of greater significance
as the case unfolds, but nothing which seemed
to point to the guilt of any one person,
Inspector Harley who has charge of the
case began his day’s work by taking FElsen-
price and young Scharn, who was also arrested
on Sunday morning, up to the Yorkville police
court for arraignment. They were both
remanded for examination by the Coroner.
At noon they were taken before Coroner Fitz-
patrick by the inspeotor and by Detective
Macauley. After Macauley had submitted
a brief aMdavit embodying the facts of the
case as then presenting themselves to the
polices, Inspector Harley asked that the prison-
ers be remanded to the East Thirty-fifth street
police station for twenty-four hours to per-
mit a more extended investigation. The
Coroner granted the request, whereat Henry
J, Goldsmith, counsel for Elsenprice, and
Fmanuel Friend, who appeared for young
Sebarn, strenuously objected. Friend arose
and instructed his client to answer po ques-
tions put to him by the police inspector, Har-

ley then got angry.
“That puts an embargo on this case,” he ex-

claimed. “Suppose | find the stolen rings of

the dead girl. 1'll want the brother to identify

them.”

“Then put your
said the lawyer.

The murdered girl's brother was evidently
much upset, but Eisenprice did not seem wor-
ried. As it developed he had no cause to’be.
Lawyer Goldsmith gave to the police a detailed
statement of his client's movements on Sat-
urday night. fle said that Eisenprice, who is
employed as mailing clerk at the Western Na-
tional Bank, Pine and Nassat streets, lived at
0% Brooke avenue. On Saturday afternoon
he left the bank at 1:05 o'clock and took the ele-
vated train at the City Hall station to 161et
street and Third avenue, where he got off and
entered the saloon of Joseph Corbett, under the
station, He remained there until 7:26 o'clock,
when he went out to keep an appointment with
MissScharn, He was to meet her atiééth street
and Third avenue at 7:30, He stopped for a
mioment at Grohpeer’s saloon, 165th street and
Third avenue, and when he came out he bouglit
three roses, which he had intended to give to
the girl. After waiting fifteen minutes at the
appointed place he went back to Corbett’s and
told the proprietor that he had been “stood up,”
He had the roses with him. He remained there
uotil midnight, when he went home.

Corbett was in the Coroner's office and cor-
rovorated this story, ‘The police investigated
thoroughly and found it to be true. At the
Western National Bank the cashier said that
Fisenprice had beenin the bank's employ for
twelve years and was one of the best mailing
clerks in the country. He scouted the ideg
that Eisenprice could have committed the
ctfime. it is probable that the bank clerk
wil be released from custody to-morrow,
Young Scharn. while not really suspected of
complicity in the murder, has not proved an
allbi to satisfy the police. They have not
heen able to verify his story of his doings on
Saturday, but when his mind is more coin-
posed the police think he will be able to
Straighten out any inconsistencies

Eisenprice was not engaged to be married to
Miss Scharn. He had known her four years, but
would not be likely to marry her. When he
met her she was living with her mother in Tinton
avenue in The’Bronx, and their acquaintance
continued after she moved downtown. He
had a key to her Second avenue apartments.
Strangely enough, although the th appears to
have leda most unconventional life, her neigh
bors give her the bestof characters, The police
learned yesterday that she sometimes wernt to
the Abbey, a concert hall in Fighth avenue, near
Twenty-eighth street, but she was not a ha-
bitné there

When the police began to follow the thread
of the gir.'s movements on the day of her death
ther tool as the first clue the bundles of dry-
Goods which she had brought home from her
thopping tour on Saturday afternoon. The
name of Rloomingdate’s store was on the wrap-
Ding paner. The detectives took the bundles
anda picture of the girl to the store, and the
clerks who had sold the goods recognized the
picture of the girl and remembered her being
'n the store. They said she was accompanied
by a “very well dressed” man, who was about
%yearsold. He pald for most of the purchases.
They left the store together, taking the bundles
with them. To make the identification surer
the clerks were taken to the East Thirty-
Afth «treet police station, and the
hat of the dead wr! was shown to them. A
saleswoman dentified it positively as that worn
by Miss Scharn in the store. The hat wae
found on the sitting room floor when the mur-
der was discovered. The clerks gave Inspector
Harley a detailed description of the young man
who was with Misa Scharn, but the Inspector
would not make the description public. He
told reporters that he expected soon to have

sen in person and that the publication
4 the description might hinder the work of the
detectives. Itixne known whether or not this
an accompanied Miss Scharn to her flat. If he
d!d uo one in the neighborhood could be found
ye saw him enter, but he might easily have
hulls So, a8 there are six families living in the
vu ding and many pasa in and out. There is
f0 Pvicence to conrect this man with the crime,
ut the fact that he ix the last person known to
ave been in the girl's company makes his ap-
prehension indispensable to the police. In-
that ir} Farle? evidently thought last night

at if he could lay hands on him he would have
fone a long way toward the solution of the

mates b

‘I rhe ast person questioned so far who saw
Mieg eharn alive is Edward Murphy. He is
rn eyed in 8S. B. Reynolds's grocery store at
ff Second avenue, two doors south of her
Oa fle says that about ten minutes to 7
jane [2 Saturday evening she came into the
ke - th three pears she had taken from a
woe front and asked their price. They
hot have cents and she bought them. She did
te eye hem wrapped up, but carried them
aa Bape hand. She turned toward her home
me eleftthe store. She was dressed as though
har “2 evening out, except that she wore no

name of

questions through me,”

at, Mr Mui ,

‘ Mrs. ulligan, who lives on
, in oare floor in the house ad-
anit’ flat, knows that Miss Scharn

was !n the

ere room and alive as late as 7 20 o'clock
ere Is only a thin partition between the two
‘an eed: SO thin that Mrs, Mulligan says you
au Near the dropping of a fork. a laugh ora

Th

 

spoke
Mul ot On Saturday afternoon Mrs.
the fire x noticed the portieres hanging over
dow. spn ube outside of her neighbor's win-
as though tad heard her earlier moving about
it be ugh cleaning up. fater in the afternoon
n to rain Mra. Mulligan noticed
ly at aan © clock the por-
pon Ee, still out and she commented
out again. our of the other tenants. Looking
ain at 7

2) o'clock fre naw fhe portieren
a the ) minutes later she looked again
= ‘omen Were gone. All this time there was
Mulligan » either of walking or talking. The
10:30 ‘o'ai, Slayed at home all evening uptil
clock when they went out to market

eae there had been no sound, no token of
could nal”. no fall, no blow, no ‘outery, that
@heard, When the Mulligans returned,

"till there. Te

 

nantes

Sy Aakers

 

 

some time after 11 o'clock, they went to bed
and knew nothing of the murder until the morn-

ng.

Sint at what time the murder took place ts
as muchof amystery as how itcould have been
accomplished without a sound. Between 7:20
and 7:30 o'clock the girl was In all probability,
alive for the moving of the portieres points to
this, but ats o'clock, when there came a sum-
mons at her door she did not answer. At that
hour two litte girls brought to her & basket
of clothes from a Thirty-elghth street laundry.
They knocked on the door several times but
there was no answer. Finally, wearying of
their vain rapping they went to the door of
Mrs. Carlson on the floor below and asked
her if they might leave the clothes there, ex-
plaining their reason for the request. She
took the basket into her rooms and the little

ris went away. If the Scharn girl was at
iome and alive she evidently did not
want to be disturbed, or else

she feared that some one whom she did not care
to 8ee was at the door, It is hardly likely that
she was then dead, for the ambulance surgeon
from Fellevue Hospital, who examined the
body shortly after it was found, said he thought
the girl had been dead not more than two or
three hours at the most. He did not see the
fot pee until nearly 1 o'clock and rigor mortis
had not then set [n. If the murder was done
while the Mulligans were out there were still
others in the house who It seems must have
heard some sounds to give them a hint of the
crime. As they did not the police are non-
plussed.
An examination of the rear of the house
shows that it would have been easily possible
to get in or outof Miss Scharn’s rooms by clani-
bering up a porch in the back yard and then
from an iron baleony on the first floor to
an tron balcony on the second, There are no
ladders as in ordinary fire escapes, but the
shittters would serve for an active man, dust
below the Mulligans’ windows, where a man
would naturally place his feet while pulling
hameelf up there were some eeratches on the
brick wall that looked to be freshly made and
like auch as micht be left by the feet of aman
The balcony on that floor is common to the
Scharn and Mulligan quarters, and once on ita
man had but to stap through the open window,
The probability that any such thing hanpen
remote. The climber could scarcely fall
to have been seen from the many near windows
looking into the court from allsides. As an ad-
ditional deterrent, Undertaker Michael J. Byrne
at 476 Second avenue keeps a big St. Bernard
dog in his back yard, The dog would have
barked herself hoarse at the sight of a strange
man climbing up the wall even if persons had
not seen him, unless, of course, the man were
known to the dog. ‘On the whole the detec-
tives concluded that whoever committed the
crime knew the girl well enough to have mot
into her rooms by the ordinary means. ley
don't hold to the theory of robbery asa motive
for a moment and only a burglar, they think
and a foolish one at that, would have attempted
the wal! climbing .
Deepite the fact that the girl's money and
rings were taken, the police think jealousy
was the motive for the crime. [n_ their in-
vestigation yesterday they learned through
Elsenprice that a girl friend of Miss Seharn
had quarrelled with her, Fisenprice said, about
iim. This girl works at the Fagle Pencil Fac-
tory at Fourteenth street and Avenue ©. where
Misa Scharn was also employed. The two
were friends until recently. Then there came
the alleged quarrel. The police are looking
into this end of the case, but not with any de-
of enthusiasm 7

The girl in question has been on 9 vacation
fora week. At her home yesterday her mother
said she left town yesterday morning, going
on a visit to Sullivan county. Her daughter
waa tn Atlante City for a few days tntil last
Saturday morning, when she returned, but
the girl did not see Miss Scharn. She did not
go out at all until she started yesterday for the
railroad station ;
Another person to whom the police pald
some attention yesterday was Willlam fl. Ty-

druggist who owns the building in
which Misa Scharn_ lived. flis drug store i«
on the ground floor, Yesterday morniny
about 10 o'clock two detectives got his kevs
and went to hia home on the third floor of 1”!

ler, the

East Thirty-fourth street. They entered the
flat and remained there for an hour, Their
purpose could not be learned. ‘Tvler
refused to talk about the case. He was

aked where he was on Saturday night
when young Scharn called to tell him, instead
of the police, that his sister had been mur-

dered. At that time he was not in his flat
Mrs. Lawler, the wife of the janitor there, who

rompanied Scharn back to his home, rang
is bell but got no response. When she re-

turned after 1 o'clock she again rang the bel!
and Tyler answered. When siie told bim that

Yad heen a murder in hie building she
d sages Mloudy., yh Fm
oing to bed.” @ insisted, however, that he
oan over there, telling him who had
and then he went
the witnesses in the case
who was murdered

there
euys he sai

ought to §°
been killed,
Tyler was one of
of Mamte Cunningham,
in Thirty-seventh atreet several years ago
She was strangled to death. He Rave testi-
mony against a half-witted Italian who was
at first suspected of the crime and afterward
against Farrell. the printer who was tried
for the crime and acquitted. He was of great
asaistanc? to the prosecution

Coroner's Phystetun Donlin made the autopsy
ov the Scharn girl's body at the Morgue ) ester-
He found that four blows had
been struck with the hammer. One blow oily
was heavy. ‘The heavy biow fell jurt to the
left of the centre of the crown of the head = In
the doctor’s opinion it was struck fre ” behind
by « person taller than the girl ta force
fractured siightly the inner table of the skull
und caused unconsciousness, Tbe other blow
struck a little to the left of this but only caused
ecalp wounds. The left eye was blackened as
though from a blow by a fist,
The evidence of death by strangulation
came in the hemorrhage which appeared on
the inside of the wind pipe. There was such
a slight discoloration of the right side of the
chest and neck as comes from asphyxiation
The blood fluid was dark in color and the lungs
were conzested, additional evidences of stran-
gulation. There were no finger marks or other
bruises on the outer skin of the throat. In
Dr. Donlin's opinion the person who did the
choking must have had short, thick fingers
e nails closely pared or bitten down.
A cloth might have been usod,but,in any event,
after the blows from the Aammer very little
force wonld be necessary fo prevent breathing
Mrs. Lippold, the dead girl's mother, who
has come to New York from Stonington, Conn,
fe living with friends at 678 Second avenue
She went to the Morgue yesterday and looked
at the body of her daughter. She was inuch
In the afternoon she had a lone

davy afternoon

with

overcome
talk with Inspector Harley.
grieved over stories she heard of her daughter's
life than over her death. The dead girl's em-
ployers, like her mother, gave her an excellent
reputation. Supt. Guggenheimer of the pencil
company said that there waa no more faithful!
well-behaved girl in the factory than she
She had been employed there for more than
two years without a complaint having been
made against her
he said, and had little to do with the other

ris

When Miss Scharn Lived at 315 Kast Four-
teenth street she knew a man named C. E
Todd, who boarded in the house. Todd is an
employee of the Consolidated Gas Company
Yesterday he said he had not seen her for a
year, but he had learned from some one that
ahe had received a letter of importance on
Saturday morning. The police would say
nothing about the latter, but from a let-
ter carrier {t was learned that the
girl did get a special delivery letter that
morning. Whether it had anv bearing on
her. breaking her appointment with Flsenprice
cannot be told at the present stage of develop-
ments, but it is evident from her actions thar
something happened which made her decide
voluntarily not to see Eisenprice that night
The police either have this letter now or cle
the murderer took it. It is supposed that
some letiers were taken, as the airl’s corre.
epondence had been searched when the police
found it.

SHOT A BOY FOR STEALING APPLES.

Youngster Wouldn't Ran When an Old Man
Pointed a Gun at Him and Counted Three.

Rocnester, Aug. 2.-Edwin F,. Wilson,
87 years old, took two shots at Stanislaus Warz-
wiack, a twelve-year-old boy, this afternoon
Stanislaus is laid up at the Hommopathic Hos-
pital with a bullet in one of his legs and an-
other in his abdomen. The doctors say he
will live. Stanislaus and three other boys
were stealing apples in Wilson's orchard in the
northern part of the city Smee had done the
same thing before. Wilson discovered the
HOys this afternoon and yelled to them to get
out of the orchard, With his mouth full of
apple, Stanislaus hurled back deflance at the
old man and continued to fill his pockets

“T'll count three,” shouted Wilson, “and if
at the end of that time that fence ain't between
“ou and me I'll wing you.” Stanislaus pointed
his fingers at the old man, and Wilson held up
hia rifle while he counted. The boy stood facing
him as he shouted “Three!” He dido't move,
and the old man pulled the trigger. The boy
yelled in his agony, but the yell was cut short
by the nip of another bullet, and the boy dropped
to the ground. :

“That'll hold you for a little while,” muttered
the old man, putting the rifle under his arm and
striding over to the house. The nelehbors
heard the lad's groans, picked him up and calied
anambulance. Wilson was arrested.

The Saratoga Limited.

Another train deluxe on the New York Central.
All Pullman cars Fivery day but Sunday. See
New York Central Ticket Agent.—Ade.

 

ay S

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21,

She seemed more |

 

 

 

ENVOY SENT TO HERRICK.

GRADY TRIED TO SEE Hin
ALBANY BUT COULDN'T.

IN

 

The Justice as Well as Croker Did Business
Through a Representative-Says Nomina-
tion Was Not Offered to Him —Nobedy
Will Say What the Meeting Was About.

ALBANY, Atig. 20.—Senator Thomas F. Grady
came down from Saratoga this morning to
see Supreme Court Justice D. Cady Herrick.
This naturally gave fresh impetus to the rn-
mor that Richard Croker desired to make
Justice Ilerrick the Democratic candidate
for Governor. After refusing all day to make
any definite statement about the matter, Jus-
tice Herrick sald to-night:

“Mr. Grady has made no proposition to me
about being a candidate for Governor, Neither
has any one else.”

Senator Grady's coming was secret, and only
a very few persons knew that he was in the
city. He came down from Saratoga Springs
on an early morning train and went imme
diately to Justice Herrick'’s house. The
Justice had started downtown and the Senator
did not meet him, but, returning to the Hotel
Ten Eyck, the Senator did meet a man who
acted as Justice Herrick's representative
The two men held a long conference, after
which the matter under discussion was carried
to Justice Herrick by his representative, who
found him in Supreme Court chambers at the
City Hall. It is Impossible to ascertain what
actually occurred at the meeting between the
Senator and the Justice's representative, as
neither cared to discuss the subject. Justice
Herrick said to THe SUN reporter:

“IL did not meet Senator Grady at ny house
this morning. Possibly the Senator may have
been there, aal came downtown early, I
heard that he was in town, but oaly had a glimpse
of him.”

“You did not talk with Senator Grady?”

“The Senator met a friend of mine and talked
to him. I do not care to say who my friend
was.”

Justice Aerrick did not say in this interview,
as he did to-night, that hehad received no offer

from Croker of the nomination for Governor,
but spoke in rather an evasive way of his having
had no relations with the Tammny leader for
a long time. Fle referred THE SUN reporter
ie Senator Grady for information concerning
nis Visit

Senator Grady refused to talk on the subject
fle smilingly said he was in the city on prie
vate business und of course could not be ex-
spore to talk concerning private tutters,
je took an early truin buck to Saratoga this
afternoon,

It was rumored throughout the day among
local Democratic politicians that Grady not
only Offered Justice Herrick the nomination
but presumably al-o promised on behalf of
Croker to back the Herrick factién In the fight
for the control of the Albany county Demo-
cratle organization us ugainst State Commit
teeman FP. bk. MeCabe and Eugene D, Wood
The MecCube fuctlon recently succeeded tn
wresting control of the party machinery from
the Justlee after a long contest, Ex-Senator
Hill, while not active In the local squabble,
has long been opposed to Herrick, and, ul-
though not committed to Mr. Hill's Interest,
the present State: ormmitteeman voted with bliin
at the recent meetlag of the State Committee
{o Suratoga.

SaratTousa, Ave 2-—-Ssnator Thomas F
Grady returned irom Albany this evening, but
declined to discuss the object of histrip. Me
Croker went to New York this morning. The
newes' candidate for Lieutenpant-Governor is
Wiltam HR. Rowe, Jr., of Troy, and itis said
that Mr. Croker looks with favor on the Rowe
boom. They were together a great deal at the
races.

 

COMING FROM CHURCH,

Mrs. Thorpe Accased of Rebbing Her Mother
fo Her Infatuation for a Conductor,

Curcaco, Aug. 29.—Mre. Frank H. Thorpe,
prominent in church circles in the fashionable
suburb La Grange, was arrested as she left
church yestérdiy morning on a warrant
sworn out by a private detective
agevey, charging her with having stolen
$4,000 from her mother, Mrs. C. T. Newton,
while the latter was critically and suspictous'y
ill Charles dluss, a street ear conductor, was
also taken into oustody, charged with conspit-
ing with Mrs. Thorpe to rob Mrs. Newton
When Mra. Thorpe was searched by the matrou
at the Annex $2,240 was foundin her possession
Huss was wearing a considerable amount of
jewelry when he was arrested and this is sald
to have been given him as a present by Mra.
Thorpe

Mrs. Thorpe is 46 years oldand comely. She
openiy acknowledges her infatuation for Huss:

the street car conductor. She saves she firet
met Huse three yeare ago. She has seen him
often since {n riding to and from La Grange.
Mr Thorpe is engaged in the bookbindery
business at 195-207 Canal street.
looked upon as one of the finest in La Grange
lle says he hod allowed his wife a larae «um for
current household expenses, part of which, itis
charged, went to the etreet car oonductor
Huss is a tine-looking man, 32 years old. He
has been a conductor for several years on the
a Grange Suburban Electric neiway, which
now connecis with the Metropolitan Elevated
eystem,
C. T. Hasa of the Hass Detective Agency
through whose instrumentality the alleged
paramours were arrested, charges that Mra

ARRESTED

His home is |

 

|
|

TORNADOES IN THE WEST.

Eight Buildings Wrecked at Sheboygan, Wis.
~Severe Electrical Storm ta CRicago,

Surpoyaay, Wis, Aug. 20.—A flerce wind
storm from the north struck the city at 1 o'clock
this afternoon, Fight large buildings were
wrecked and 200 small houses were blown down,
The loss will be upward of $300,000, The clouds
were banking up all morning and by noon
the sky had become so dark that it was neces-
sary to have lights in the buildings to see, It
was intensely hot.

A few moments before 1 o'clock the storm
broke, Increasing in force until a tornado was
blowing. People were thrown down and fences
and signs hurled hundreds of feet, The storm
raged for ten minutes and passed off to the
south. The storm started in the western part
of the city near the graveyard and swept down
to the south side and off {nto the lake, It was
two miles wide

The roof of the large warehouse of the Crocker
Company was blown off and thrown against
the large factory. The building was wrecked
and the large stock of chairs was left without
yrotection from the rain, which fell in torrents

‘he street car barns were wrecked and cara
were smashed to pieces. The electric wires
were all blown dowy

Osmkosn, Wis, Aug. 20.-A tornado struck
this city shortly after noon to-day, doing areat
damage to property, Several stores in the busi-
hess distriet were wrecked and many mills
and factories unroofed The storm was pre-
ceded by intense heat, and the darkness be-
came so intense that all business was suspended,
Two Inches of rain fell, flooding basements
and exnusing the sewers to back up :
*Cooswein N. 1D., Aue. 20-—A storm like a
tornado swept over Sargent county last night.
Great damave was done to growing crops A
two-inch rainfall accompanied the blow. Build-
Towanda

ings were wrecked nat Nicholson,
and in this city. No fatalities have been re-
ported

CuHicaao, Aug. 20. -The most severe elec-
trical storm experienced for many monthe
swept over Chicago at 10:30 o'clock to-night,
Many Quildings have been reported struck
by lightning. So far as known, no lives have
been lost.

The rainfall was heavy.

FIVE HURT BY A RUNAWAY.

Horse in New Haven Knocks Down Pedes-
trians and Smashes Things Generally.

New Haven, Conn., Aig. 20.—-A rminaway
horse this evening injured five persons, two
probably fatally, started three other runaways,
amashed two runabouts and the plate @lass
window of a ‘ewelry shop and literally cleared
the people out of the busiest block in the city for
eeveral minutes at the hour when the street
is most crowded. The horse belonged to
Arnold M. Spencer, acarpenter. It was fright-
ened by a trolley car at the corner of Fim and
Chureh streets, After dashing up Church
street for two blocks the horse struck the rig

of Deputy Sheriff Peter MeEnerney. The
latter's runabout was smashed and his horse
wae started on a rampage

Mr. Spencer was hurled from the wagon to
the sidewalk and very badly cut and bruised
His horse wheeled tnto Chapel street and dashed
on for half a block, and then meeting a trolley
car turned to the crowded sidewalk. The
horse all the while was dragging along the
buggy. The first pedestrians to be hit by the
buggy were Mrs. Anna Pemberton and her
seven-year-old nephew, Roland Hatch of
Stamford Mrs. Pemberton was struck in
the left side by the wheel of the bugey
and her left wrist was broken. It is feared
that she is injured internally. Her nephew's
left arm and left leg and his left collarbone
were broken

A few feet furtheron the buggy struck Mrs,
Terence Fitzgerald, Knocking ner down and
eutting her about the bead. Just back of Mrs,
Vitzgerald was Mrs. Mary Anderson. Both of
thelatter’slegs were broken and she waa injured
internally. As the horse left the sidewalk tha
buggy was hurled through the big plate glass
window of a jewelry store. People sought
shelter evervwhere, and the frightened ho
rota clear path. It turned the next corner an
Furled the nt into a lamppost smashing the
buggy to splinters. Half a block further on
the horse stopped. It ia feared that the little
boy and Mrs. Anderson will die.

 

TRAIN ROBBERS TACKLE TRAMPS.

Get Four Times as Much Booty From Them as
From Sleeping Car Pasiengers.

Denver, Aug. 20. A train robbery on the
Union Pacific only afew miles from Denver at
lio'clock last night was reported to the police
to-day by Alva Bryan and W, LL, Lyonsof Ama-
rillo, Tex. Lyonsand Bryan boarded a mixed
train at Cheyenne and gave the brakeman $1
each for the privilege of riding on top of the
freight cars. At Brighton four marked men
crawled on the train and held up Lyons and
Bryan. From Bryav they got a gold watch with
a diamond set in the case. It fs valued at $124
From I.yous they, got a woman's gold watch
and $25

The robbers held up several other people on
the train. Herman Royer of Denver, by
economy and hard work, had managed to <ave
$200, He, too, had been working in Wyoming
aud wanted to cometo Denver. He goton the

train at Cheyenne and pad the brakeman for
the privilege: of riding in a box car.

He was fn |

 

“4900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING A

ae

a car near the engive and shortly after thetratn |

left Brighton the four robbers climbed in
Thev pulled Royer out to the door and robbed
him of $50 in money, @ cer ificate of deposit for
$200 and a certificate of deposit for $50. The
four men left the train at Fort Lupton

The polic® estimate the value of the booty
obtained by thes» thievea at about $600. A
wecullarity of this robbery ja that the exploit
wrought four times as much plunder to the

| urge the Empress

| thieves who robb d supposed tramp: as was |

Thorpe, inher eagerness to get possession of |

the mone, gave her mother aconite in her tea,
trom the effects of which she nearly died. The
alleged attempt at poisoning is said to have
heen made on June 1, in the Thorpe home at

' 888 Stone avenue, La Grange, where Mra. New-

| ton

She wasextreme!y reserved, |

 

was sopping with ‘r daughter and
son-in-law,

fines admits having received sulte of clothes,
sixteen fine shirts, a diarnond pin, a gold watch
and severai rings and some money from Mrs.
Thorpe but denies that be knew they were the
proceeds of robbery

QUICKER MAIL COLLECTIONS.

An Experiment With Antomobiics Which
Promises a Saving of Much Time,

An experiment with a view to expediting

the collection of inail from the street boxes .

is being tried by the Post OMce authorities in |

in the use of a small electric automobile. The
vehicle is so small that it could easily be run
on the sidewalk

“There are but two machines like this in the
country,” the operator of the New York yve-
hicle said to a reporter yesterday. “We have
put one in Washington and are trying the other
here, The manufacturing company is not
operating them. The Government has bought
them outright from the manufacturers and
is giving them a thorough trial. The one in
Washington has been in use for a week and it
has proved that It saves fully twenty-five min-
utes out of each hour. The one here made its
first regular trip to-day

“As the best test, the hardest collection dis-
trict was chosen. We left the Post Office,
went down Nossau street to John, then to Wil-
llam street, to Wall, then over to the river front,
around to Broadway, and up to the Post Office
again. ‘There are between twenty-five and
thirty boxes in that route and the record time
for collection has been fifty minutes. With
the automobile to-day we did it in twenty-one
minutes and a few seconds. Of course, this
is only one test, but we think that we can keep
ftup. The automobile is to be tried in all parts
of the city, believe that even more time
will be saved in the outlying districts where

the distances between the mail boxes are
greater than they are downtown.”
Should the experiment prove the success

that the trial yesterday Indicated, a number
of the automobiles will be purchased by the
Department for use in this city. Jt is aleo
probable that all of the large cities in the coun-
Iry will benefit by the New York experiment
if it proves a success, The macnine attracted
a great deal of attention and comment when
it passed up Broadway yesterday morning

 

James RB, Keene to Live in England,

Notwithstanding the deniuls of the report
that James R. Keene is to live permanently
in England, it was revived aguin yesterday
Several men who know dir, Keene intimutely
sedd that it wus quite probable

 

Will Never Forget

The delights of a trip © Chicago on the Penasyivania
Limited. Plectrically lighted.— Ade, 4

obtained by the robbers who plundered the
sassencera of two sleeping cara two weeks ago
‘he robbers have not been captured

DROWNED AT CAPE MAY RIPS.

Albert J. Schwab, His Sweetheart and Her
Friend Carried Out by a Strong Ebb Tide.

Care May, N. J., Aug. 20 Albert J. Schwab
of 708 Market street, Philadelphia, was drowned
to-day in trying to save Miss Saline Newbauser,
his sweetheart, and Miss Ellen Young, her
friend, who were also drowned because of get-
ting out beyond their depth at Cape May Point

The young man came from Philadelphia to-
day tospenda week with them and all went

into the surf before the usual bathing hour. A
strong east tide was running, which
carried the three out, Schwab prised
himself on being a good swimmer and there
was no reulizaton of danger unt] the
women screanied for hetp. As they did, Niel
Stauffner, Ray Newbold and Frank 8 Hughes
menned a boat and starte! for their rescue
All this time Schwab was holding the women up
and nearly rescued them, but threw up his
hands exhausted before the boat r- ached them.
He sank out of sight. When the two women
were reiched they were apparently lifeless and
floating face downward hey were pulled into
the beat and, nosizn of Sciwab being found,
were brought ashore

The life saving crew, several physicians and
others worked at resuscitation, but with no
aval. The hodies were taken to St. Peter's
Protestant Episcopal Churenh nearby, where
they will remain uatil the Coroner hol his in-
quest. Schwab's body was not recovered.

Mise Newbauser ard Schwan were to be mar-
ried next month and Schwab brought down a
diamond ring for her :

The place where the accident occurred was
the ‘Rips,"’ just off Cape May proper, but not
on the beach of Cape May, the resort

 

ALADAMA OFF FOR A TRIAL
The Batticship to Stop Here on Her Way to
New England,

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.--The battleship Ala-
bama left Cramps’ shipyard this afternoon at
4 o'clock for her official trial trip off the New
England coast. She will go direct to New York
and will be drydocked at Brooklyn and get two
coats of sea paint, after which a careful inspec-
tion, inside and out, will be made. The battle-
ship will leave New York on Aug. 2%. arriving
in the outer harbor of Boston on Aug. 27

Among the representatives of the Govern-
ment on board are Capt. Willard H. Brown-
son, general inspector, Licutenant-Commander
Charles J. Badger, executive offloer, Lieuten-
ant-Commander Abraham V. Zane, inspector
of machinery; Lieutenant-Comimander Richard
Henderson, recorder; Lieut, fienry B. Wilson,
inspector of equipment

TRIP.

 

 

Caltforata Excursions,

Datly excursions in Tourtst Cars; Personally con-
ducted every Thursday, Chicago, Union Pacifie and
Northwestern Line operates two fast trains daily,
Superl equipment; unexcelled time. Sleeping car
reservations and information at Northwestern Line
Office, 461 Broadway —Adp.

(err

 
    
 

ND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

 

ALLIES CALL FOR HELP.

 

RE-ENFORCEMENTS GOING TO PEKIN
BY FORCED MARCHES,

The Emperor and the Empress Satd to He
Sixty Miles From Pekin—Three More Im-
perial Ofictals Decapitated— Japanese Dis-
trast of Germany and Russia—Contioued
Rivting Going on in the Swatow District,

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

 

LONDON, Aug. 21.—The scantiness of the
news from China is ascribed to a breakdown
of the land telegraph to Pekin. The most re-
cent official despatch received in Europe was
sent to Rome by the commander of the Italian
cruiser Fieramosca, who, cabling from Taku,
“Fighting continued at Pekin on Aug
18. Very urgent fre being made

for the despatch of further reanforcements
from Taku to Pekin. Four hundred Italian
marines have started for the capital by forced
marches,”

The Ministry of Marine at Berlin has received
&@ message from the Admiral who is second in
command of the German saquadron. This
message, which ia dated Taku, Aug. 17, says
that a German detachment would presumably
muster at Tientsin on Friday evening and
then a forced march would be made to Pekin,

It is believed in London that if the inner
city is satisfactorily reduced, it is probable
that the Powers will agree not to push military
operations further than is necessary to effect
the punishment of those directly responsible
for the disorders, to secure indemnity for in-
jury to the persons and property of their sub-
jects and to reéstablish a stable government.

A Shanghai despatch says that according
to Chinese official news three more Imperial
officials have heen decapitated. These are
Hsu Tung, President of the Civil Board, Yi
Lien Yuan, a member of the Ministry, and Li
Shan, a member of the Imperial household,
The first two were anti-foreign, while 11 Shan
was pro-foreign. Prince Chang has imprisoned
Yung Hi. It is stated that the Emperor and
the Empress are sixty miles west of Pekin
under Prince Tuan's restraint

The Yokohama correspondent of the Mail
says that there is elation there over the relief
of the legations, which is aacribed chiefly to the
Japanese contingent, but there has also been
ke-n anxiety regarding the final settlement. The
Japanese distrust Germany, and Russia is
equally suspected of ulterior designa. The
newspapers urge that Japan, having borne
the chief burden in the operations, must see
that the future of China is not determined
merely by the pleasure of the Western Contl-
nental Powers. A contemplated loan of $100,-
000,000 and other facts show that the Govern-
ment is preparing for emergencies

There is generally a pessimistic feeling, but
it is the opinion of the Japanese generally that
Great Britain, the United States and Japan will
avert the danger arising from the ambition of
Continental Furope. A semi-official paper says
that Japan will not prefer an exorbitant cemand
upon China. Her object is the maintenance of
the integrity of the Celestial Empire. With
that purpose she will exhaustevery effort. If
the occasion arises.Japan can send 50,000 troops
at short notice. If the Powers are inclined to
play a selfish game, special measures will be
necessary.

It is understood that Japan and Germany
will both land contingents at Shanghai.

The Chronicle printa a Shanghai despatch,
dated Aug. 20,saying the Chinese are posting
inflammatory placards in the Swatow district.
It adds that the Americans there have applied

Bays:

requests

to the authorities at Manila for warships. The
Daily Mail's Hong Kong correspondent says
there is continued rioting near Swatow, The
foreigners are anxious. An American war-

ship has gone to Swatow,

A despatch to the J/imes from Shanghal says
that the native newspapers state that Yu-Shien,
witha force of Boxers, is marching to Kalgan
to meet the kmpress and escort her south
The cdespatoh adds that there is no cfficial news
confirming the alleged flight of the Empress
Refugee missionaries from the Province of
Shensi think {t unlikely that an attempt will be
inade to establish the court at Hslanfu despite
the preparations because of the long drought
aod furnine throughout thatreg.on. The low-
ness of the water in the Wei River prevents
transpertation, Moreover, the Mohammedan
population are distinctly hostile to the
Dowager Empress) The southern officials have
varned the Empress of the existence of this
feeling This partly induced the Viceroys to
to remgin in Pekin The
Mohammedans chicfly fear Tung Fuh Siang’s
troops. The despatch further says that Li
Hung Chang will start northwar! immediately,

Beriin, Aug. 20.-—-A German officlal despatch
from Chefoo of to-day's date says the allles
are bombarding the fortified Imperial Palace
in the Forbidden City, where the Dowager
Empress is believed to be.

Lonpon, Aug. 20. Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng
luh, the Chinese Minister to Great Britain,
has received a cable deapatch announcing
thatthe kmperor and Dowager Empress left
Pekin twoor three days before the arrival of
the a'lies.

 

VICTORIA TO THE RESCUBD,

 

Praises the Marine Goard at Pekin for Its

Brave Defence.
Special Cable Despatch io THE SUN
Loxpon, Aug. 20.—The Queen has sent the
following cable despatch to the officer com-
manding the marine guard ut Pekin:
“IT thank God that you and those under your

 

 

CHICAGO'S CENSUS, 1,698,575,

 

A Growth of 606,725 of 54.44 Per Cent.
Since 1800-Count by Wards.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 2. The population of the
city of Chicago, according to the official connt
of the returns of the Twelfth Census, is as fol-
lows: 1900, 1,008,975; 1890, 1,000,800. These figures
show for the city as a whole an increase in popu-
lation of 508,725 or 64.44 per cent. from 1890 to
1900. The population in 1860 was 503,186, show-
ing an increase of 606,605 or 11.58 per cent. from
1880 to 1890.

The population by wards in 1900 is as follows
First, 24,274; Second, 28,547; Third, 82,080;
Fourth, 37,020; Filth, 48,815; Sixth, 60,216;
Seventh, 36,844; Highth, 94,742; Ninth, 51,690;
‘Tenth, 01,007; Fleventh, 37,693; Twelfth, 75,607;
‘Thirteen th, 47,827; Fourteenth, 71,528; Fifteenth,
79,044; Sixteenth, 64,859; Seventeenth, 20,713;
Kighteenth, 20,608; Nineteenth, ' 46,020; Twen-
tieth, 20,577; Twenty-firat, 34,105; Twenty-
second, 82,757; Twenty-third, 82,424; Twenty-
fourth, 35,830; ‘Twenty-fifth, 54,588; Twenty-
sixth, 70,757, Twenty-seventh, 30,131; Twenty-
eighth, 31,015; Twenty-ninth, 41,214, Thirtieth,
106,124; ‘Thirty-first, 56,576; Thirty-second,
69,202; ‘Thirty-third, 61,802;  Thirty-fourth,
91,445; Thirty-frth, 11,705.

SENATOR LODGE'S SON WEDS,
4 .- + -
He and, Miss Davis Make a Ranaway Match
Society Expected Their Wedding Socn.

Boston, Aug. 20.--The announcement to-day
of the marriage on Saturday of Miss Matilda
Frelinghuysen Davis, daughter of Judge John
Davis of the United States Court of Claims at

 

Washington, to George Cabot Lodge, the
younger son of Senator [odee, surprised
their large circle of friends, who had

expected thut this event would take place ut
Bar Harbor next month. The ceremony on

Baturcay was celebrated at the Church of the
Advent, at poon, with ont. a few present to
witness it. Mr Lovee, who is his fatner’s piivace
secretary, went tothe church in the forenvo
and when Miss Davis arrived with her maid,
met them atthe door, He e-corted the bride to
the altar, where the Kev. Harold E. Addison,
curate of the church, performed she oeremony.

Mr. Lodge's brother, John. F. Lodge, was the
only relative of either family present) A man
allied to the two tamilies said th's afternoon
that the reason the couple waa so quietly mar-
ried was because they were both averse to a
weddirg which would be made 9 social event:

rticuiarly in view of the recent death of the

ridegroom's grandmother. He said the parent
of the couple ap rovedof the engagement, an
that they were married with the consent of
both fam illes.

In order to avoid a public ceremony the
courle decided to circumvent their friends and
anticipate the ceremony, which had been set for
Sept, 12

 

 

GLAD BAUTE WAS MURDERED.

His Mother-in-Law Prays in the Morgue That
His Slayer May Escape.

St. Lovis, Aug. 20.—An unusual scene was
witnessed this afternoon at the morgue, where
the body of Henry Baute, who was shot Sunday
afternoon by William G. Allen, was placed on
view. Mrs. Emma Baute, his widow, accom-
panied by her mother, Mrs, Thomas 8Schwe!-

kert, entered the place and after standing for
some moments viewing the body through the
giass slowly turnes and started to @0 out
Suddenly Mrs. Schweikert paused a moment
and ther sank to ber knees cising her hands
and her eyes she repeated the opening words
of apraver, and then earnestly asked that the
footsteps of the murderer mig!it be guided so
that he would come to no trouble and that the
police might noteateh him, but that he might
escape scatbless. She also asked that he
be forgiven for his orime, not only
here, bit alse in Heaven # the next ordeth s e
pray d that the murdered man, her son-in-law,
riebt b> nned to eternal punishment for
his actions in this world, and she closed with a
vehement ade agalnat the murdered man.
Inexrianation of her prayer, Mrs hwel-
kore said that Baute deserted his wife, her
aughter.two year® ago and since that time
hac contributed nothing toward ber support.

 

 

FARMERS TO WAR ON TOLIGATES,

Uprising Expected tn Indiana and Gov, Mount
Orders Troops to Get Ready for Work,

INDiaNAPOLIs, Aug, 20.-The farmers of

Cass county have declared war agaist the

 

owyers of the Buriington turnpik», who
insist upon collecting toll for travel on
the road. The company his employed fifty

or sixty men to guard the tollgates at night
and the farmers bave crganized to tear down
the structures, Tollgate Keepers Smith and
Myers have received notices from the farmers

that they would destroy the tollhous# and
have been warned that if any resistance is
wade their lives will pay the renalty The

company has guards at all the bridges on the
road, The menare heavily armed and have
been instructed to protect the property at any
cost

So threatening has the situation become that
the Sheriff of Cass county bas advised the Gov-
ernor that he way need assistance in upholding
the lawand the Executive has ordered
militia cormppany at Peru to be in readiness to
march ata moment's notice It la said that the
mobs had arranged to make a dese nt u on the

|) Cuards on Saturd sy night and again last night,

| pleted by

command have been rescued from your peril- |

ous situation. With my people I waited with
the deepest anxiety for the good news of your
kafety und the happy termination to your
heroic and prolonged defence. I grieve for
our losses and the sufferings experienced py
the besieged. Vicronia, R, 1."

 

FPRANCE LOOKS 70 US FOR AID.

Pleased by a Report That American Troops
Will Be Landed at Shanghai.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SuN
Panis, Aug. 20..-A despatch from Shanghai

are about to be landed at that place. This
news is much appreciated in France, as it is
regarded as further strengthening the theory
of the internationalization of the Yangtae
Valley, where, it is sald, English prestige has
diminished very much of late, owing to the
shilly-shallying policy of the British Govern-
ment.

 

NOT THE TIME FOR AN ARMISTICE.

The London ‘Times’ Also Opposes LA Hung
Chang as China's Representative.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

1.ONDON, Aug. 21.--The Times inan editoria
says that Li Hung Chang's reported proposa
for an armistice does not afford a possible basis
fi rany kind of negotiations. Before avy offers
of the Chinese Government can be entertained
the Powers must be satisfied that a Chinese
Government exista. Moreover, Li Hung Chang's
personal.ty and antecedents throw the strong-
est suspicion on any course he may propor,

The time for negotiations has not arrived.
When it does they must be on a different basis
than that suggested in the telegrams from
Washington and by a different n-gotiator.

 

An Experienced Traveller

Knows the merits of the Pennsylvania Raliroad, That
is why he uses It.—-Ade

bot violent stcrins prevented the raiders from
reaching the place of assembling.

GOVERNOR'S PORTRAIT

FINISHED,

 

le Will Be Mung at the Paris Exposition To
Be Exhibited Here.

the |

Rain to-day and probably to-morrow;

 

An oil painting of Gov. Roosevelt. just com- |

Payard H. Toler at bis studio,
Twonty-thied street and Fourth avenue, will be
exhibited at the Paris Exposition. It was
ordered by the New York State Commilation to
the Expesition. The picture is fifty-one tnches

in heighth and representa the Governor in a |

silting posilion,. It will be on exhibition at the
artist's studio to-morrow and Wednesday and
wiil be shipped next Saturday to Paris.

POTSON

 

STEPPED ON Wy.

 

The Mishap That Befell a Recruit in a Koeipp
Care Colony.

John Delfino, 25 years old, went to live at
Monroe, N. Y., a few weeks ago. Last night

he came into Bellevue Hospital and told the
doctors there that while at Monroe he had
joined a colony of fasten curists. He walked
about in his bare feet for several successive
mornings until his feet became so swollen as
tw cause him much alarm. His fellow Kneipp-
ists shared bis alarm and after try the
simple remedies at their command advised

) him to go to a New York hospital for treatment.

The Bellevue doctors said he was suffering
from ivy polsoning.

MISS HELEN M, GOULD'S GIFT.

 

Presents a Valuable Collection of Plants to
the Botanical Gardens.

Tarnytown, N.Y, Aug. 20.-The Botanical

Gardens in Bronx Park have received a large |

received here announces that American troops | @d valuable collection of plants from the con-

servatories of Miss Helen M. Gould at Tarry-
town. At the time of the World's Fair at Chi-
cago Miss Gould presented to the management
some of her finest palins. Her gift to the

| Botanical Gardens inclu ‘es over two hundred

end fif'y plant The most notable one is a
large t alm over thirty feet in height

SUCCEEDS PERRY HEATH.
President Johnson of the N. J. Senate to Be
First Assistant Postmaster Gen

WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. Postmaster-General
Smith announced this afternoon the appoint-
mentof State Senator William M. Johnson of
New Jersey to the place of first A«sistant
Fostmagter-eneral, from which Perry 8. Heath
redgned. Mr. dohneoa tives in Hackensack
N.J., and isthe President of the New Jersey
Senate. He has been a member of the Legisla
ture for five years

 

Missionaries at Shanghai.

Special Cadle Despaich to THE SUN.
Lonpox, Aug. 20 -Tne Church

southwest winds,

PRICE TWO CENTS.

PALACE BESIEGED

Last Stand of Chinese Troops tn
Pekin's Sacred City,

 

 

 

¢
ENEMY SURROUNDED THERE,

 

Belief Thit Emperor 1s in Palace and
Bmpress Has F led

Advices Received in Washington From the
Consul at Tlentsin, the Japanese Foreicn
OMce, Admtral Remey and Consal General

Shanghai-The Outer Cliy

Cleared of Chinese

Soldiérs to Fight at the Palace

~Question of Formal War With Chinese

Empire Still in Doubt-Ii Bung Chang

Again Seeks Peace-More Riot and Pillage

—~Ouar Casualties During Siege of Pekin.

Goodnow at
Troops Japances
First

WASHINGTON, Aug. 20--Information
ceived here to-day from several official sources
shows that fighting did not cease at Pekin
with the capture of the city by the allies. These
advices are such as to indicate that the fall
of Pekin has not ended the Chinese troubles
and there is now quite as much uncertainty
concerning the attitude of the Imperial Govern-
ment as there was before the le-
gations were relieved. No man in Washington,
however important his place in the Govern-
ment, is able to say definitely whether war be-
tween China and the Powers has been averted
or not. The situation is almost as critical as it
was a week ago, and eventa may have oocurred
before this that will force the European Govern-
ments, Japan and the United States to enter
into technica), formal war with the Chinese
Empire.

There is no positive evidence that the Imperial
authorities did not oppose by force of arms the
entry of the allied army into Pekin, While
the comparatively slight opposition to the relief
column would indicate that the Imperial Army
did not participate in the defence of the capital,
there can be no doubt that some Imperial
troops were engaged. These may have
been in revolt against the established
Government. The advices that came
to-day point to collusion between the defenders
of the city and some of the Imperial authori-
ties, for the Chinese troops fell back to the
Imperial City and then to the strongly forti-
fled Inner or Forbidden City when the allies
entered the east and south gates of Pekin and
were apparently admitted by those inside.

Telegrams concerning conditions at Pekin
were received by the State Department from
Consul-General Goodnow at Shanghai, Consul
Fowler at Chefoo and Consul Ragsdale at Tien-
tain, by the Navy Department from Admiral
Remey, and by the Japanese legation from
the Foreign Office at Tokio. These despatches
tell briefly the story of what happened imme-
diately after the allies entered Pekin, and con-
firm the Japanese report, transmitted by Ad-
miral Remey yesterday, that the Taner City
was beiug attacked by the relief column,

No definite information has been received ap
to the wher@abeuts of the Empress Dowager,
although these official messages indicate that
she fled to Slan-Fu, the capital of Shensi prov-

re-

ince, three days before Pekin was
taken.

suspect that, if alive, he isin the Imperial Palace

two or
As to the hmperor, there is reason to

in the Forbidden City, which by this time prob-
ably has been captured by the allies
Pne whereabouts of Prince Tuan, the arch
conspirator in the anti-foreign uprising, who
is charged with having led the reveltof th
Imperial troo;@ and directed the attack on the
legations, is not certain One report says
that he is in the Palace, while other reports
say he left Pekin with the Empress Dowager,
The nations have a heavy score to settle with
Tuan, and the general opinion here ta that
he should be dealt with severely
important news of the day was

It came from Consul Fowler

The most
the last received
at Chefoo in a telegram reading as follows:

“CHEFOO, Aug. 2.
''Seerelary of Sta'e, Washington
“Twentietn. Ragsdale (United Consul at

Tientsin) reports Chinese troops surrounded
in Palace grcunds.”

This information, coming on top of advices
received earlier in the day, did not cause sur-
prise. Admiral! Remey bad reported that
the allies were “moving on the = Im-
perial City,” which, however, must not
be confused with the Inner or Forbidden
City. The Forbidden City is within the
Imperial City and contains the palace of the
Emperor, where the Chinese troops were at
last accounts making a final stand. The Ja-
panese Foreign Office sent word to the Japanese
legation here that Japanese troops sent to
guard the palace met with obstinate resistance
in guardng the palace and were fighting when
last heard from

Taking all these despatches and fitting to-
a@ether the parts of each relating to the situa-
tion in Pekin, it appears that when the outer
gates of the capital were captured the allies
fought their way to the legations, which were
surrounded. Opposition by the Chinese was

made in the «treets of the Tartar or Outer City,

but they were gradually forced back into the

Imperial City, which wos captured after a short

, engagement.

Missionary |

Society received a despatch to-day from Shang- |

hal, dated Aug. 18, which reports the arrival
there of twenty-thre> missionaries and adds
that others are coming. The despatch als»
siates that the mid-China missionaries are wel!

 

Poland Spring House Open Till Oct. 15,

Deen. Poland Water Depot, 3 Park pl., N. ¥.
= v.
\

 

of the Forbidden Citv,

by the allies

The engagement here eouid
not have lasted long, as all these minor battles
oceurred on the evening of the dav the onter
gates were forced Priven out of the Imperial
City, the Chinese took refuge behind the walls
which was also taken
Then the Japanese troops
marched to the Palace to surround ft and

guard its inmates from harm While engaged
8