en

 

iy

;

=

2 SOE IONS DY EN es Pe eT

ERTS 0 ee ee

 

  

ee

 

teeth
aa pw me

 

  

 

i they were fired on from the
is foie. "Pho Inn rial residence was the
attacked by the epancee, and at the re
the last report that was sent by Conml
dale through Consul Fowler the Chinese army
had been surrounded in, the Palace grounds.
Mtrangely eno . few of the despatches give
any dates. Aug, 15, the day the legations were
relieved, is the last date mentioned in any
)| C ene
one fret dospatoh received by the Govern-
ment to-day was from Admiral Remey . It was
based on a reportireceived by the Admiral from
Lieut. Latimer, the naval intelligence officer on
Gen. Chaffee's ataff, It follows

Take, Aug. 19
“ Bureau of Navigation, Washington ve
Authentio report\Pekin, 15th, from Latimer

“Troops moving ap Imperial city, Clearing
out Tartar city.

“All Americans whowemain in Pekin are well
Have been no deaths among them except one
ehild

‘Capt. Myers has reoovered from wound;

Tever,

a orists t, now convalescent
ee Burgeon Lippett was wourded
left upper leg, bone fraouwired, leg saved, now
Tecovering.

*Pollowh killed fying 6 ie Pekin
Rergeant J. . Privates ©. B. ’
Tutoher, J. eeeey, R. FE. Thomas, A. Hurner,

. 7 , Private J. Behrosder,
sloow, pvanh ang dangerovnty all fill ) areas
J: Mit wound upper , )

but recover! All others handed and aiok

have returned to duty.
, “Casvaltios Major Biddle’a oommand attack

Tanpating: Firet Lieut. Butler, chest Private

Grean, wrist; Private arrell, right temple,

all slight.
eported from Chinese sources r val family

have escaped and en rovite to wien sy

came three telegrams to the Japanese

} Lh the J oreigo U 28 okio. Two
he attack on

aCtpensaeae! nner

while t
Cons if , the sign! state
t ian the cathe ristian outbreak enpeared
Sts srreadine: firet Japanese telegram
eal ter eniry tio Pkip was sree by See
e, th ‘hinese troo
i ives te and remained in the Imperial

ape, Al. 16. body of the Japanese so!l-
ere was told off to guard the palace and

t met with obetinate resistance by the
Chige : and fighting ts still golng on

@ headquarters of the Japaneses army is

fo the} pion and! aviator fe maloly quar-
tered {n the villages outside of Anting Men

he second telegram from the Tokio Foreign

Office, dated Aug 19,gam the contents of a mes-

he Ja

t eae acting Consul-Cieneral
stbiccahat who had wbtatned {nformation

m Sheng, Director of the Imperial Railway
d Telegraphs, that the Empress Dowager
as fied from Pekin, and from other sources
that Prince Ching and Gen Yung Ju, pro-
‘oreign Chinese, were still in the capital, and
nee Tuan, the anti-foreign leader, had fol-
‘owed the Empress. The acting Consul-Gen-
eral eave
‘From Sheng’s statements to me lam in-
clined to think there ts truth in the rumor that
he Empress Dowager at least, if not the
Amperor, too, has left Pekin for W utal-Helen
tf) thens! Province, via Pao-ting-fu. for he
that geome of the seetretaries of
the Privy QGounol! crossed the Lukon Bridge
on the 12th, with banners bearing insorip-
tions denoting that they formed @ part ot the
Imperial cortege, and Iu Chuan Lin, Governor
of Biansu, sent a telegram on the dith
o the southern Viceroys and Governors direct-
ng them to forward all war funds to Shenal,
yut as an Imperial decree was issued on the
ge. the departure, if it took place at all, must

been subsequent to that date.
AYP nave also gt another reliable

told me

“‘T have also gathered from
source that Prince Ching. Yuge Lu and Kang
‘} are atill in Pekin, though Prince Tuan has
followed the Empress Dowager

he third telegram from the Toklo Forelgno

Office contatned the following

“The Japanese Consil at Amoy telegraphed
n Aug. 18 48 follows: ‘From the interior ft
i. reported that in Tongkow-fu and Lungyuan

veral Christian chapels have been destroyed
t mobs. The antl-Christian movement ap-
years to be spreading toward the district of
Uhanachow-fu There do not seem to be
any forelea misfonaries in the interlor, how-
ever
Laterin the day the State Department gave
out astaitement containing the synopsis of a
telegram from Consul-General Goodnow at
Shangial concerning the reported depa rture of
the Einpreas-Dowager trom Pekin. ‘The De-
partinent’s statement follows

lhe acting secretary of State makes public
the receipt of a telegram to-day from Consul-
General Gioodnow, dated the 20th fostant, re-
porting a statement of the Governor of Shantung
that the Empress left Pekin on the 1th for
Kinan-fu in the province of Shensi, and that
Princes (bing and Tuanand Viceroy Kang Yi
are stijl in Pekin. ;

“Sinan-fu appears to be another phonetic
version of the name of the capital of Shensi
where there is an Imperial palace. It is other-
wise spelt Hsi-An, Si-An and Si-Ngan, the
auffix ‘fu’ denoting city which is a seat of ad-
ministration °

Consul Fowler's important news that the
Chinese troops were surrounded fn the Palace
rounds was received by the State Depart-
ment at 4:10 o'clock this afternoon and was
promptly made public

In the defence of the Imperial City and the
Palace by the Chinese lies the most serious
aspect of the international situation, ‘this
Government has proceeded on the theory
that the Chinese Government was nof in sym-~-
to the allies and

pathy with the opposition
would, if it were able, put down the anti-
foreign uprising. There {s now ground for

the suspicion that Imperial troops are oppos-
ing the allies with the approval of the ¢ hinese
Government. In that opposition lies the
danger of a war that will involve the entire
Empire and cause the Powers to abandon
their present attitude of what may be termed

unoffloial haat itty ceeened only, 1 Peden nall?} killed near |Temple?|. Cooper and
orelaners and establis order is Govern- 2 ‘ .
wee I. hopeful, however, thay war Belgians’ fate uncertain. OMcials had sent

in its official, technical sense will be averted,
but it is extremely anxious as to the oute sme of
conditions at the Chinese capital. From the re-
jorts telling of the departure of the Ernpress
Jowager from Pekin some of the officials here
have obtained the {mpression that the los al Im-
verial Army Jett with her, leaving only the
oxers and the revoltlig troopa to oppose the
allies. io fact, prees despatches have asserted
that most of the Imperial troops went with the
Euipress. If this i be correcB the situation
is not so critical. forgthe withdrawal of the Im-
perial Ariny would indicate that the Chinese
Government was adhering in good faith to its
assertion that it was not opposing the Powers
aad that the anti-forelgn attacks were made by
the Boxers and troops in revolt

However, as matters stand, the situation is
eo complicated that the Government is unable
to form any correct idea of congitions as they
exist in Pekin to-day and of its relations with
the Chinese Government — It still maintains
a cordial attitute toward Minister Wu Ting-
fang and it is willing to receive and acknow|-
aige communications from Ili Hung Chang
ana other high officers of the Empire. [ts
consular officers in China have not been jn-
structed to change the character of their rela-
tions with the Viceroys, Governors and Tao-
tais, and altogether there is nothing in its atti-
tude toward Chinese officials to indicate that
it regards the relations bet ween the two coun-
tries strained

But where is the Emperor Kwang-su? The
Japanese acting Consul-General at Shanghai
was unable to find out when he investigated
the whereabouts of the roval family, although
he waa told that the Fmpress Dowager had left
Pekin. None of the other official telegrams
mentions the Emperor, but the fact that his
friends and advisers, Prince Ching and Gen
Yung Lu, remained in the Imperial Palace
after the Empress and her suite fled is regarded
by some officiala here as suMficient to tndicate
that their purpose in remaining was to guard
thelr voung sovereign

Ching and Yung [a have nothing to fear
from the Powers if their attitude has been
correctly represented, and the Emperor, like
them, is credited with progressive ideas. If
information from Chinese sources is to be be-
lieved, it was Yung [11 who persuaded the
Chinese Government to provision the legations
after the truce which he arranged on July 17
He has shown himself to be opposed to the
attack on the legations and in one he was sup-
vorted by Prince Ching. If Yung Cu can satis-
Se rorily explain how he was able to stop the
firing on the legationa if he was not in com-
mand of the troops which made the continued
attacks on the foreign quarter, he will probably

be treated with the greatest consideration camp at the Presidio. Capt. Robert N. Getty

Some officials think it exceedingly reasonable | is in command. The batsalion will probably
that Ching and Yung Lu persuaded the Fm- | sail on the Logan the first of next month. The
peror to remain in the palace until the allies | other battalion of the First Infantry under
arrived, They are familiar with Western jaeas | orders to go to China, will not be here for rome

of progress and civilization and must know
that the allies would have regard for the per-
aone and property of the Emperor and off-
olals not concerned in the anti-foreign uprising
For these reasons {t is regarded as most
likely that the Emperor elected to remain in
his palace eurrounded by his faithful officials
while the Dowager and her suite with most of
the Imperial troops ran off to Sian-Fu, 300 of
400 miles away.

ITALIAN SOCIETIES PARADE.

Memorial Service in Willlamsbarg for the Late
King Hombert,

4 memorial service for the late King Hum-
bert was held yesterday afternoon in Palace
fiall at 93 Grand Wilhamaburg, and
was participated tinby sixteen Italian societies (
Corsi, the President of the united societies, was
thechairmantnd told the obleet of the pather-
ing. Mr Coltnoof Manhattan mnadea «peact A
the conclysion of the serviee the societies
causedatele gram of condolence tobesent to tie
new Ttahan King. then a mock tunetal was
held, the societies with three bands marching
along Grand street to Union avenue and thence
to North Kighth street, to Havemever
and to Metronolitan avenue 4 large portrait
of the dead King was in front of the house of
Pasquale Martino, an Ttajian banker at 385
Metropolitar avenue All othe  paraders
stopped im front of picture and showed
their reverence for the late Kine by raisin
their hats and bowing. A few vards further
on the sovieties were disinissed

street,

the

 

-_————
—S

—_—_————— eee eee teniesainisatimmeciinaiapeaeaeeaaigeiaimtmeiainainn nna

et a aedel

, ’ wa +

eS

ILI AGAIN SUES FOR PEACE.

ASKS FOR AN ARMISTICE AND A
PEACE CONFERENCE.

 

 

| His Assumption That Couditions Preliminary
to Negotiations With China Have Been Com-
pited With-Suggests Conger as Oar Rep-
resentative-Oar Reply to Be # Denial.
WaAsHINGTON, Aug. 20~ Another pesoe pro-
posal from If Hung Chang, China’a Plenipo-
tentiary to arrange an armistice with the Powers,
was delivered to the Btate Department to-day by
Mr. Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese Minister tn
Washington. It is based on the bold assertion
that the conditions laid down by the President
and the Secretary of State as preliminaries to
peace had been complied with. One of these
conditions was that order should be
restored throughout the Chinese Empire, and
LA's assertion was strongly gt variance with
official information which came to-day that
fighting was going on in Pekin between
Chinese troops and the allies, The great Chinese
diplomatist has, therefore, invited another re-
jection of his overtures, Unless there is @ rad-
ical change in the situation he will be informed
that this Government will refuse to entertain
his proposals
When the answer will be eent has not been
determined, according to the guarded state-
ment of ofictals, One of them said that the
State Vepartment will take its own time in
responding. If this and other statements
be true, the indications are that no answer will
be returned to [i until a detailed report of con-
ditions at Pekin has been received from Min-
ister Conger or Gen. Chaffee
Karl Li sugwests in his communication that
Minister Conger, having been released from
his recent restraint, would be acceptable to
the Imperial Government he representative
of the United States in a conference between
China and the Powers to effect an amicable set-
tlement of the exiating difficulties, but
expresses confidence that any other person
familiar with the situation named by this Gov-
ernment would be acceptable to China and indi-
cates a desire to have the American representa-
tive near at hand so that the negotiations may
begin soon, He assumes that the Powers will
want to hold the peace conference in Pekin or
TNentain and urges that steps in that direction
be taken
It te understood that while the appeal has
been addressed to the other Powers, Earl Li
wants the United States to take the initiative
in bringing about the proposed peace con-
ference, a natural sequence of the lead taken
by this Government in laying down the con-
ditions with which China must comply before
ally settlement oan be reached, To Tnk SUN
reporter a high official of the Government
said to-day in relation to [i's appeal
‘I muat decline to discuss the contents of
the communication from Li Hung Chang. It
would be improper in me to speak of the an-
awer that will be made by the United States,
for ite scope has not been mapped out even.
But you can reason out for youreelf the atti-
tude of this Government. The President in his
communication to the Chinese Emperor of July
23 latd down certain conditions with which
China must comply before he would entertain
any proposals for an adjustment of the present
troubles. Have those conditions been com-
plied with? The principles asserted by the
Secretary of State in his communication of
July 28 are bed-rock. We will etlek to them
until the last. The Chinese must do their part
before we will be in a position to grant them
a hearing.”

LS ne

 

MASSACRE AT PAO+TING+FU.

Government Advices Confirm the Reports—
Women as Well as Men Blain.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 20—The State Depart-
ment has been for five days in possession of
offictal information of the reported massacre
of missionaries at Paoeting-fu, but did not ad-
mit that fact until to-day. The publication
of statementa that the massacre had been
committed and that three Amerloan Presby-
terian missionaries had been killed evidently
convinced the Department of the truth of the
report and brought about the decision to give
{ts information to the press. The Department's
advice came from John Fowler, United States
Consul at Chefoo, in the following despatch:

“CHeroo, received Aug. 16.
“Secretary of State, Washington:

“Evening 13th. Reported § all  Presby-
terian missionaries Paoting-fu killed June 30,
prémises burned same (night?! Catholic mis-
sion. Rain stopped — work. July iat
attacked American [Board”!, (Pitkin?) shot
dead trying to keep gang out. Misses Morrell,
Gould, taken Boxer headquarters, killed. (Bag-

all home from Yamen. All natives connected

foreigners suffered like fate. Authority: Spe-

cial messenger sent by Tientsin missionaries.
“Fow.er.”

The despatch came to the Department very
much mangled, and it was necessary for the
cipher experts to guess at the meaning of some
of the symbols Some of the names given were
confused but it appears certain that Misses
Morrell and Gould of the American mission
were killed. Where the Department was not
certain as to a number, word or phrase, the
uncertainty is indicated in the despatch by
an interrogation point.

Pao-ting-fu is the provincial capital of Chill,
the provinee in which Pekin is situated. It is
about seventy-five miles from Pekin. The
Roxers were very strong there and the missions
had been in danger for months The massacre
was reported to have been committed by order
of Gen. 1.1 Ping Heng while on his way to Pekin
with 10,000 troops to assume command of the
Imperial forces.

 

MORE TROOPS FOR CHINA.

 

The Transport Sherman Unable to Sail From
San Francisco as Expected.

San Francisco, Aug. 20.—-The transport
Sherman was unable to get away to-day ac-
cording to programme, as the Second and the
Fighth Infantry, which have been assigned to
her, did not arrive in time. The Elghth did
not arrive until this morning. Two compa-
nies of the Second are expected to-night, and
two more to-morrow, and they will go on the
transport as soon as they arrive. «

lt is expected now that the Sherman will go
straight to China. The order assigning seven-
ty-five recruits and four officers belonging to
Manila regiments to her has been revoked,
The Sherman will carry a large amount of am-
munition, 100,000 rounds having been received
to-day for the battalion of the Fighth Infantry
alone

The First Battalion of the First Infantry has
arrived from Fort Leavenworth and gone into

time, as it has only just returned from Cuba

Jigit Battery C, of the Seventh Artillery,
Capi. Montgomery M. Macomb commanding,
arrived from the Fist to-day, and a detuch-
ment of Light Battery M, Seventh Artillery,
consisting of Lieut. Hopkins, fourteen men.
and eighty-six horses is also here.

WALDERSEE'S JOURNEY BEGUN,

 

He Starts From Berlin to take Command of
the Allied Troop: tn Ching.

Despatth to THE SUN

a —  ———

Special Cable
Beruin, Aug. 20- Field Marshal Count von |
Walderse started for China at 7:90 o'clock
this morning There wae a brilliant assem-
blawe of officers and state functionaries at
the station as he departed. The soldiers and
the people sang “Museich denn, mussich denn,
| zum Stacdtlein hinaus.’

 

| UPRISING IN COCHIN CHINA FEARED

Additional French Troops Sent to Satgnon to
i Meet an Pmergency.

| WasHinaton, Ang, 20. Word bas been re
ceived at the State Department that more
Frenes troops have arrived at Saignon, in
Cochin China, where the French Government

apparent!) fears an uprising among i's native
| subjects |

 

  

How His Arrest Came About—Ne Decision Yet
in Bis Case.

Natale Maresca and Michael Guido, the two
Italians who were arrested by Secret Service
agents on their arrival here laat week on in-
formation from Italy that they might be con-
cerned in a plot to kill President McKinley,
are still held on Ellis [sland with about fourteen
other detained immigrants. The last inatruc-
tions Commissioner Fitchie recelved came last
Friday from Washington in a telegram from
the Commissioner of Immigration ordering
Mr. Fitchie to hold the two men until important
evidence could be collected and forwarded
here. When thts evidence arrives, if any has
been obtained, the Board of Inquiry will meet
and the evidence will be presented by the Secret
Service agents. If {t arnounts to much the two
men have the right to get counsel and fight

the oase
Commissioner Fitehie and those concerned

in the arrest of the two men here, with the
roasible exception of Chief Hazen of the Secret
hervice Bureau, do not know whether or hot
the Departinenta in Washington have been
able to wather any important evidence That
they have not rece(ved any further lustructions
fromm Washington, they believe, is due to the
fact that evicence against the two suspects
has had to be wathereu avroad, as af the thue
of the men’s arrest the Washington authorities
had nothing in addition toa cablegram from
Consul Byington at Naples ‘This cablegram
arrived in Washington about Aug. 3, and con-
tained the words of the letter which was sent
to Mr. Byington warning him of Maresca’s
threat to kill the President

Commisstoner Fitchie last Saturday received
the aame letter by mail from Mr. By!ngton,
In the letter in which {t was enclosed Mr. By-
jugton gave eomne further particulars. ‘The
facts as yiven by Mr. Fitchle yesterday are
these’ About Aug. 3 Mr. Byington received
by mail an anonymous letter which bore no
date. Iu this letter, a copy of which Mr. Fitehe
has now in his veeaerelat), but which he re-
fused to wive out yesterday, the writer said
he had overheard Maresoa declare that. he
was about to start for this country tokill McKin-
ley. The writer said’ that Maresea was half
drunk when he made this threat but that he
seemed to be in earnest. He was also heard
to say that he had not made up his mind when
or from Where he would sail; but that he was
about to sail soon, the writer had no doubt,

ly his letter to Mr. Fitehie, Mr. Byington
said that he had notified at once the Ltalian
volice who immediately took up the case w ith
the greatest eagerness end told Mr. Byington
that they hoped they could eateh Maresca
before he sailed. The manifests of all ships
sailing from Ltraly were searched but Maresca's
name did not appear nor was he located in
Italy, Upon receiving the letter, Mr. By!ng-
ton had alse cabled It to the State Depart-
meot which in turn had it cabled to every Con-
«ul residing at ports from which Maresca malgnt
sail, The Secret Service Bureau in turn decided
to watchall ships which sailed fromFurope about
Aug. 4 and the first one they came across Was
the Kaiser Wilhelm IL. which sailed from Na-
les. In the ineantime the pers of Wash-
ngton, supposedly through a leak in the State
Department, heard of the letter and decided
to watch abips on their own hook. The New
York police were advised of the case by the
police of Parie whose chief cabled that An-
archists were to sail from Havre, Naples or
Rotterdatn

So last Friday the Washington police and
the New York Sollee were walting for the Katser
Wilhelm at her pier, while unknown to them
Chief Hazen was on his way to meet the vessel
at Quarantine

MEMORY OF HUMBERT.

 

IN

Solemn Requiem Mass at St. Patrick's At-
tended by 2,500 People.

In the presence of many consular repre
sentatives and of about 2,500 people, most
of whom were Italians, a solemn requiem
mass for the repose of the soul of the
late King Humbert of Italy was celebrated
yesterday morning in St. Patrick's Cathedral.
After the mass Archbishop Corrigan gave the
pontifical absolution. The services exceaced
in pomp any that have been held in the Cathe-
dral in some time. The services began at
10:30 o'clock. Joong before that hour Italians

 

filled up the church. Italian bankers with
silk hats and frock conta mingled with the
laborers and trom Mulberry

organgrindera
street, and with the fatter came many wornen,
some of whom wore shawls of brightest colors,
which stood out in contrast with the black
with which the chancel was decorated. The
Italians of the laboring class came earliest and
formed by far the larger part of the assem-
biage
ne firet pews on the centre alsiehad been
reserved for the Italian Consul and the other
Consuls in the city and for representatives of
the different Italian societies. When the ser-
viees began there were some Vacant seats in
the front pews, but all the other pews in the
church had as many people tn them na they
could hold, while quite a crowd stood in the
rear of the nave. In the front y were the
Italian Consul and ViceConsul and behind
them sat representatives of Japan, Germany,
Brazil, Argentina, useia and Austria-Hun-
gary. In the centre aisle before the altar was
a catafalque covered with black andsurrounded
by candelabra. On top of the catafalque was
a cushion of purple silk on which rested A crown
of gold. Fourteen priesta and monks of the
Franciscan order entered with the Archbishop
The Archbishop was escorted by Father M
. Lavelle and Father J. M. Connolly and took
is seat on the throne. Schmitz’s Requiem
Mass was sung. One of the features of the
musical part of the services was a barytone
solo selected from the Slatine Chapel collec-
tion of the Vatican ‘The mass was celebrate
by the Rev. Anacleto Rocago, rector of St.
Anthony's Church.

CHAPELS BURNED IN CHINA,

 

MORE

Japanese Consul at Amoy Reports Anti-Chrie
tlan Movement Spreading.

WASHINGTON, Atig. 20.-The following cable
despatch was received by the Japanese Minis-
ter here to-day from the Foreign Office at
Tokio, dated Aug. 20:

“The Japanese Consul at Amoy telegraphed
on Aug. 18 as follows: ‘From the Interior it
is reported that in Tongkow-fu and Lungyuan
several Christian chapels have been destroyed
by mobs. The anti-Christlan movement ap-
pears to be spreading toward the district of
Changchow-fu. There do not seem to be
any foreign missionaries in the Interior, how-
ever.”

The New King's Policy Toward Anarchists.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Rome, Aug. 20.-At a Cabinet meeting to-
day King Victor intimated to the Ministers
that he did not dasire that any special laws
against the Anarchists should be enacted.

SAFE WITH THE LEGATIONS.

Dr. Roberts and Missionaries From Koo Fan
. Reached Pekin in Time.

Totepo, Ohio, Aug. 20.-A cablegram from
Shanghai under date cf Sunday was received
by Frank J. Cheney to-day. Thedespatch oon-
veyed the news that Dr. Roberts and several

missing missionaries, who have been sta-
tioned at the Cheney farm at Koo Fan,
rre safe and sound wth the foreign

leg tions at Pekin and are now with the allied
lores, having Leen liberated on Aug 16. Two
female members of the party are missing, Mra
Neilie Paricer and Mrs. Charles Roberts. ‘Lhe
former is known to have been killed by the
Boxare, who surrounded the Koo Fan farm
earivinduly. it is reported that Mr, Roberts
is probably safe with friendly Chinese near Sip

Kish.

F ank J. Cheney has left here for Washington
to conler with the authorities, so as to obtain, if
possible, military protection for a rescue party
ihe Koo Fan farm lies forty milessouth of
Pekin and is used as a receiving depot for the
herbs grown in that neighborhood, It is man-
acei by Dr. Roberts, who formerly lived with
his parents at their farm near New York In
1891 he married a Mi-s Jones of New York city

WALLART SLEW FIVE.

 

 

Set the Farm Rulldings on Fire and Hacked
His Wife and Her Children,
ARLINGTON, Minn., Aug. 20. -Theodore Wal-
lart, living three miies from here, killed his wife
and four of her children this morning early and
burned the farm buildings. A fifth child of
Mrs. Wallart was so badly injured that he is ex-
vectedtgdie. Theaeaa are Mrs. Sophia Wal-
fart. axe 42; Justice Steinborr, age 120, Heena
Steinborn, aged 16 Annie Steinborn, aged 13
and Keinold Steinborn, aged 10. Otto Stein-
born, aged 16, was wounded
A neighboring farmer named Joel

saw the

fire in the farm buildings and arrived at
the farm in time to see Wallart leave the
house and make for the woods. It seems
that Wallart set fire to the stable and other

buildings and by the light thus obtained
entered the house througii a window and began
his work of slaughter. With a large butcher
knife he slashed and hacked his victimes, all being
eut many times

Mrs. Wallart had been married to Wallart
about six years. Her name previous to that was
Stainborn, and the children all bore that name
Beveral months ego Wallart left the home on
account of family troubles and went to live
with relatives in the neighborhood He was
seen in Arlington about 9-30 last evening, and
itis thought that he must have gone from here
to the farm

Ce Bee ee te

 

 

BURGLAR KILLS A WOMAN.

SHOT DEAD IN HER
MASS.

 

MISS FOSBURG
HOME AT PITTSFIELD,
Three Men Entered tho House—Her Father
Had a Fierce Encounter With One and Her
Brother With Anether—She Came to See
What the Trouble Was and Was Shot by
the Third Burglar-Ciues to the Men.

PirrsrreLp, Moss, Aug. 20. -Early this morn-
ing Miss May J.. Fosburg, daughter of Robert
I. Fosburg, a contractor, who had just moved

 

here from Buffalo, N. Y., was shot and killed |

by a masked burglar. Miss Fosburg was 24
yoars old. The shooting took place on the
second floor of the house where the members of
Mr. Fosburg’'s family were sleeping, Three men
hud entered the house in asearo for plunder,
Awakened by @ light fu the house Mr. Fosburg
had attacked a burglar, who was masked, witha
pillow and armed with a revolver, The struggle
with the burglar had aroused the rest of the
farnily and Miss Fosburg, who was sleeping tn
an adjoining room, stepped out of ber apart-
ment apparently to Investigate the noise that
came from the room of her parents and was in-
stantly shot through the heart by oneof the
men who had entered the house.

The murder of Miss Fosburg was not known
until the burglars had fled, Just as they were
leaving the house, Miss Beatrice Fosburg, the
second daughter of Mr. Fosbure¢, turned on the
electric lights. J.ying on the floor of the hall,
with astream of blood pouring from a wound
in her breast, lay Miss Fosburg, dead

The news of the murder reached the police
station at about 1 30 o'clock and Capt. White
notified Chief of Police John Nicholson, who
ordered out every policeman onthe foroe. It
was decid’d to arouse the citizens. The Fire
Department rang an alarin and hundreds of
business men and citiaens burried to thestreets
The police secured a quantity of shotguns and
armed pos-es went out under the direction of
local officers. During the day ascore or more
of tramps andsuspects have been gathered in
by the police drag net, which extended a dozen
miles in all directions. Some of themen gave
satisfactory explanations and were released

Others are io the local lock-up awalting further
examination. The police do not bellevethe right
juen have yet been apprehended

Some time after t o'clock this morning Mr
Fosburg was arou-ed by the flashing of a ileht
in the hall. His dvor was open into the hall
and the light flashed and went out. It flashed
again nearer his room and went out. Mr, Fos-
bure knew instantly that it was not the per-
manent electric likhtsin the house and he sat
up quickly in bed. Mrs, Fosaburg was stili
sleeping at his side. The light flashed avain
and Mr. Foshburg siid up into @ sitting posi-
tion on the edge of the bed, and as he stoodup
onthe floor a inan stepped into the doorway
and thrust a revoiver into his face

Mr. Fosburg, although 60 years o/d, is agile and
strom. ith courage be struck the arm of the
man holding the revolver and the weapon fell to
the floor. The man was masked in a loog white
mask with great holes cutin tit for bis eyes. In-
stanly the men grappled and asthey did soa
second man ap} Sared on the acene masked iike
the first. Hestruck Mr. Fosburg with @ sana-
bag or a slungshot on the shoulder and neck and
Mr. Fosburg fell backward into his sleeping
room carrying the first masked burglarto the
floor with him

Mrs. Fosburg meanwhile was aroused by the
atrugele on the threshold and in the room, and
ehe went to the aid of her husband. The strug-
gie of the men untilnow had been speechiess
except for a word that escaped from the necond
burelar as he struck Mr. Fosburg with the
eaidbag

‘Uhere,”' said the burglar

Mr. Fosburg clung to his man Gegpite the
terrife blow on the head and neck. The noise
of the faliand the sirugele went through the
house and aroused the rest of the inmates,
Robert S. Fesbure, son of the contractor,
hurried from bis sleaping room to the ecene
aud Mise May Fosburg, the eldest daughter otf
the contractor, became aroused and stepped io
the door of her room

Just as she reached the door a shot rang
through the house. The younger Mr. Fosburw
was appearing in the hall. He saw the flash that
foran instant Jighted up the hall and caught the
body of his slater as ehe tell toward him
Placing her on the floor of the hall he sprang
yponathird man who attempted to escape
ase n the beck stairs. He grabbed thie man by
They fought desperately, This thir
man was unmasked. He was sniooth=faced an
wore ashort black rack sult, The fight that
took place between young Mr. Fosburg and the
burglarg Mr. Fosburg describes vividly. ‘Ihe
young man weighs about one hundred and
orty pounds, but he i¢ strong and very active
The men were engaged in a struggle that might
mean the life of one or the other, when suddenly
the younger man was struck from behind by a
sandbag like the one that had been used on his
father ‘The force ofthe blow caused him to
release his grasp andthe man with whom he
had been fighting ran down the back stairs
and out of the house

Meantime the first burglar had succeeded in
reléasing himself from Mr. Fosburg, Sr, and
with the burglar who had shot Misa Fosburg they
stepped out of a window leading to the top of
the veranda, around whichis a railing. They
clung for a moment to this and droppea to the

ound and escaped The fight on the second
oor had aroused the whole family, and just
as the buralar with whom Mr. Fosburg, Jr.,
had been struggling, ran Miss Beatrice Forburg,
another daughter, found the button and turned
onthe lights. Thesiaht that metthe gaze of
the frightened family prostrated Mra Fosbure
and shocked the male members of the family.
Lying with upturned face on the floor of tne
hall was Miss May Fosburg, her night dress satu-
rated with blood from the wound in her breast

Iwo articles, furnishing an important clue to
the affair, were found at the Fosburg house
They are a hat and a shoe The shoe wasa
Hanan shoe, marked inside “Hanan & Son, &'s
C, 44003," while on the strap at the back are the
words “Hauan & Son." ve fan dreas shoe, a
yatent leather affair with cloth tops, and cost
The hee! of the shoe

  

the coat

rom $6 to $650a pair

Was worn well down, andon it was a piece of
steel to keep it from wearing farther. The hat
is one that would be recognized easily. Itis a

derby, a light summer hat, about seven in siz,
the ugh there is no number init. In color it is
licht brown, bordering almost on gray, with
dark brown band and binding. There was no
mark whatever on the dat, the number, name
of the maker and selling price all having been
taken out

Hoth the hat and the shoe are out of the ordi-
nary and area good ciue. Few men wear hats
of that color and few comparatively hereabouts
wear the expensive sho’s, Another article
found was arevolver, This was secured from
under the bed, where it fell when Mr. Fosburg
knocked it from the hands of his assallant. It

isa 14 Coit bulldog revolver with heavy short
barrels, It is fully loaded

aw Fosburg said to-day in describing the
wht

“Two shota were fired. One bullet passed
throngha picture in aroom on the north of the
hall and passed out somewhere. Wehave not
been able to learn where. The burglarl was
fighting with succeeded in loosening my grasp
aud got away by running through the vacant
room and leaping out ontop of the porch.”’

RK. 8. Fosbure, the son, who with his wife,
Mrs. Amy Fosbure, lived with Mr. Fos-
burg's family, gave his experienos. He said this
morning that he was awakened by his wife, who
thought that she heard nolsesin the attic onthe

third floor. They listened for a time, and
as there did not seem to be a repeti-
tion of ihe noises they decided that

they were mistaken and went fo sleep again
Later Mr. Fosburz was awakenéd by the noise
of the struggle in the main hall and he hurried
along the corridor to the hall. Just as he
turned the corner leading to the main ballon
the second floor he saw twomen. There was a
flash of a revolwer followed by a seo nd flash,
and his sister feiltoward him. He caught her
as she fell and turned and grappled with the
man nearest to him.

“TL grabbed him by the throat.” said Mr
Fosburg, and choked him. He must bear the
marks ot my finger nails, for T broke them in
my grasp onthethroat of the burglar. Then
some one struck me from behind and 1 was
obliged to loovwenitny bold on the man and he
ran down the back stairs and o1t 0 doors. The
revolver with which tiny sister was shot was
yrobably the one that is missing from my
pureau in the rear of the nouse where the men
got the hose to put over their shoes, and where
they secured a pair of my trousers and the

 

TA Most

 

: Unfortunate
i Mistake

$ ‘The one thing that keeps many

% people from using Gas to cook

with is the idea that it is more

expensive.

EVERYBODY admits its superior clean-
liness, comfort and convenience—but
the extra cost!

Now, there isn’t any extra cost!

gs

On the contrary: Instead of being an
extravagance, Gas to cook with isa
great and easily demonstrated econ-
omy. Properly managed—A saving
of 50 per ct.

Ove cocccsoovocoscooecosovcsess

THE SUN, ‘TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.

—_————

« memeetnlpy

33 ne ie PP

te ate Ine

 

pillowcases which the

mani had the struggle wit

mask, He had short- propped hair and was o
| dark gomplexion. He might have been a
| colored man,”

A telegram was received this afternoon from
janan & Son, New York, saying that the ahoe
ound at the Fosburg house had sold at

their store, 1208 Broadway, New York, this

| epring
| Poases of armed oitizens are patrolling the
| town to-night. This afternoon the Chief of
Police posted a notice calling for volunteers to
| aseist in the scouring of the woods and flelds,
| lhe Chief of Police believes that the men why
' did the job are sulin hiding in the borders of
the town and will try to escape under the
cover of darkness, More than a thousand men
| responded to the call and were armed with
Winchesters and shotguns

BRITISH ATTACK DB WET.

 

Fight Going On Fifteen Miles From Pretorta
Some British Successes.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria,

Preronia, Aug. 20.-Gen, Christian De Wet
passed north of Pyramid Hilla and camped fif-
teen miles northeast of here last night. Hels
now being attacked by the British.

Lonpon, Aug. 20.-The War Office has re-
oalved the following despatch from Lord Roberts
dated Pretoria, Aug. 18:

“Carrington reports that the enemy with
whom Erroll was engaged were repulsed on
Aug. 16 from their strong positions at Buffels
Hoek. Commandant Swartz was severely
wounded. Our loss was three killed and nine
wounded, The New Zealanders distinguished
themselves

“Paget has ocoupled Waterval.
five wounded.”

The despatch goes on to give the official story
of Gen. De Wet's ruse (n calling on Gen. Baden-
Powell to surrender in order to cover his own
escape. Lord Roberts's account is almost
identical with the newspaper statements printed
this morning.

The War Office has also received the fol-
lowing despatch from Lord Roberta, sent
from Pretoria to-day:

“fan Hamiltons column occupied Oliphants
Nek on Aug. 17. He captured two Krupp
guns and one ammunition and two transport
wagons. The advance troop under Mahon
was engaged all day yesterday at Roode kopjes.
They captured two wagons and took several
Boers prisoners.

“Rundle reports from Harrismith that 684
Boers have surrendered.”

He had

DETECTIVE'S PART IN BOER PLOT.

Prosecutor Dentes That Gano Acted Improp-
erly in Laying His Trap.

Special Cable Despaich to THA SUN.

From THe SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria

Pretoria, Aug. 20.-The prosecuting at-
torney made his closing addresa to-day in
the case of ideut, Cordua, who ts accused of
belng the ringleader in the plot to kill British
officers aud kidnap ford Roberts. He refrained
from making any severe arraignment of the
prisoner, although the latter, as the attorney
said, had admitted his guilt.

In regard to the atory of the prisoner, that
he had been led to commit the erlme by De-
tective Gano, an employes of the British Gov-
ernment, the prosecutor quoted the case where
the Judges tn Melbourne, Australia, upheld
the action of the police in going to a certain
extent in order to trap a criminal.

The defence, the lawrer said, had falled to
show that Gano had any part in the plot. On
the other hand, it was clear that the prisoner
was in {t and had approached others and asked
them to join him. Neither Gano nor the polloe,
the prosecutor declared, originated the plot.

Coming down to the prisoner's pleafor mercy,
the prosecutor said he would make no recom-
mendation in that matter. He had simply
tried to lay the case fairly before the court
without any racial animus

The court then adjourned until to-morrow,
when the Judge Advocate will make his etate-
ment

 

GEN. DE WET FALLS BACK.

Between the Retreating Boers
and the British.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

From THe Sun's Correspondent with Gen. Roberta

Pyramip His, via Pretoria, Aug. 20, 8:40
P. M.—Gen. Christian do Wet passed north
of Pyramid Hills and camped fifteen miles
northeast of here last night. He has retired
before the advance of the British and there has
been no fighting between the retreating Boers
and the pursuing force

IONDON, Aug. 20-—-The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Lord Roberts
dated Pretoria, Aug. 18

“Carrington reports that the enemy with
whom Erroll was engaged were repulsed on
Avg. 16 from their strong positions at Buffels
Hock. Commandant Schwarz was severely
wounded. (Our loss was three killed and nine
wounded. The New Zealanders distinguished
themselves

"Paget has occupied Waterval. He had five
wounded.’

‘The despateh goes on to give the official atory
of Gen, De Wet's ruse in calling on Gen, Baden-
Powell to surrender in order to cover his own
escape. lord Roberts'a account is almost
identical withthe newspaper statements printed
this morning.

The War Office has also received the fol-
lowing despatch from Lord Roberta, sent from
Pretoria to-day:

“Ian Hamilton's column ocoupled Oliphants
Nek on Avg. 17. He captured two Krupp
guns and one ammunition and two transport
wagons. The advance troop under Mahon
was engaged all day yesterday at Roode kopjes.
They captured two wagons and took several
Boers prisoners.

“Rundle reports from Aarrismith that 684
Boers have surrendered.”

No Fighting

PARIS EXPOSITION HONORS,

 

Commisstoner Peck Madea Grand Officer of
the Legion of Honor.
Specta’ Cable Despatch to THe Sus.

Paris, Aug. 20.-The following appoint-
menta to the Legion of Honor have been an-
nounced:

Grand officers, Commissioners Peck of
the United States and Crisanto of Nicaragua.

Officers, Sefior Demier of Mexico, Com-
mander Woodward of the United States, Sefior
Rendon of Feuador, Sefior Anza Antonio
of Mexico, Sefior Sanz Toribio of Peru, and
Mr. Pierson of the Transvaal.

 

‘EIGHT ON BRIGHT'S DISEASE.

Its Cause Said to Have Been Discovered by
Dr. Ovid Moor, Formerly of New York.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN.

Lonpox, Aug. 20.--A despatch to the Pall
Mall Gazette from Rome é@ays that Dr. Ovid
Moor has discovered the mysterious polon
which produces Bright's disease. It is a yellow
liquid which in appearance resembles olive oil,
Dr. Moor lived in New York for many years
He di-covered an antidote for morphine potson-
ing in 1806.

 

Stilettos Against Revolvers Near Paris.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, Aug. 20.-A serious encounter has
occurred between French and Italian work-
men ata bottle factory in St. Denis, near Paris,
The Italians used stilettos and the French-
men revolvers, Thirty persons were wounded,

King Prempeh Deported From Slerra Leone.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN
Sterna Leonr, Aug. 20--King Prempeh
and Chief Asibi sailed yesterday on the troop
ship Dwarka for the Seychelles, a group of
islands in the Indian Ocean, whither they have
been deported

Morocco Seeks Ald Against France,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN
Taxorer, Aug. 20.—-The Moorish Governe
ment has sent another circular to the Powers
protesting against the encroachments of France
in that country and asking for assistance.

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY HOME,

  
    
     

  

   

    

rrr”

TRADE MARK

Small Steel Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic Acid Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING,

There is something about sparkle and fizz that tempts every

palate.
delicious beverages.

be given life and effervescence.

small steel capsule and a special

bottle.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (40 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

All Druggists.

Compressed Gas

Capsule

STRIKE ON THE NEW BRIDGE.

 

 

Strikers Objected Because Their Wages Were
wowed Reduced to the Union Rate.

The tron workers at both the New York and
Brooklyn towers of the new East River Bridge
went on strike yesterday, the former against
a reduction of wages from $350 a day to the
union rate of $3.20 a day, and the latter in
symputhy with the New York strikers All
the iron workers belong to the Housesmiths

and Bridgemen’s Union, which has jurjsdic-
tion both in New York and Brooklyn. Terry
& Tench are the contractors for the New York
fron work, the contract having been sublet
to them by the Degnan-Mcl#an Construction
Company, Which has the general contract.
Terry & Tench had to pay $850 a day for A
time in order to secure men but laid off a num-
ber of men recently. On Saturday night the
firm notified the iron workers that begloning
with yesterday they would be paid the unfon
rate of $920 a day. About thirty men quit
work

The Brookivn iron workers who are employed
by the New Jersey Steel and Iron Company also
received $3.50 aday and were not notified of any
reduotion, but they quit work all the eame
when asked todo so bythe union. Less than
the usual complement of men were at work
when the strike was ordered.

One of the saddles, for the tops of the towers,
which weighs 61,800 pounds arrti for the
Brooklyn tower yesterday.

EMPLOYERS' TERMS REJECTED.

 

Strikers in the Factories of Six Cigar Manu-
facturers Will Not Agree to Them.

Meetings of thestriking clgarmakers formerly
employed by Kerbs, Wertheim & Schiffer, Har-
burger, Homan & Co, Foster & Co., Hene & Co.,
Schwartz & Co. and Powell & Smith were held
yesterday ! p Bohemian National Hall to hear
the report of the Arbicration Committee which
had en conferring with their employers.
A long atatement was made by the committee
In which it was said that the manulscturer
were not willing to grant more than one-third
of the advance demanded. Other demands an
conditions and the negotiations concerning
them were reported in the statement. ‘lhe
committee slated that the union would neither
interfere with nor try to influence the strikers if
they wanted to cccept the yo | offered by the
manufacturers. Ihe etrikers by a vote re-
jected the terms offered. The committee will
report to thestriking employees of the other
firms effected by the strike to-day.

FIRE ALARM FOR AN AMBULANCE.

 

Negro Whose Friend Is Mortally Stabbed
Thought Box Was for All Emergencies.
Jobn W. Williams, @ negro, was stabbed fn
ti.e abdomen in West Thirtieth street last night
and his friend, George Harris, took him to Dr.

W. F. Stone's house in West Thirty-fourth
atreet, The physician told Harris to run out
and et an ambulance Harris went

to the fire alarm box at Seventh avenue and
Thirtyetifth street and pulledthe hook down
twice. Then he waited for the ambulance.
When the first fire truck gottherethe negro
asked the foreman if he had happened to see
anything of the arnbulance on his way up the
avenue

“What ambulance?” asked the fireman.

“Why, the ambulance | just rung this bell
for.” said the negro

The firemen turned the negro over to tho
police and drove back to their quarters, At
the West Thirtieth street station Harris ex-
plained that he thought the fire alarm boxes
were for all emergency cases—“one pull for
the police, two for an ambulance, three for the
firernen and four for the National Guards.”
He was locked up on a charge of disorderiy
conduct,

In the meantime Dr. Stone had telephoned
for an ambulance himself and Williams was
taken to. Bellevue Hospital, where it was
said that his wound was mortal. The police do
not know who stabbed him

A DETERMINED SUICIDE.

A Middle-Aged Man Drowns Himecif at New-
ark, Refasing Offers of Assistance.

A stout, middle-aged man threw off his coat
and hat upon the footbridge of the Centre street
railroad bridge at Newark yesterday morning,
dropped upona shed and thenceaprang from
the roof to a float and plunged into the Passaic
River. Bridgetender Robert Rawson follow
him closely and was in time to grasp his cred
as he came up close to the float, but the suicide
wrenched himself away with considerable force
and sank again. As he came upagain Rawson
threw a rope to him, but the man put ft aside
and disappeared under the bow of a bargefloaded
with bricks. The body was not recovered. A
worn memorandum book in the coat he left
behind contained thename of William Kuebler
upon the front page, and upon another page
was somethipg supposed to be Mrs. Demsal or
Demaak, 4! Second street, Passate, N, J,

   

Write for Booklet.

Heonenenenenene
The man who smokes

Old Virginia Cherootss

Its absence takes a vital charm from many otherwise
By use of
SPARKLETS any cool liquid may

A

  
    

Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

SHOT DEAD IN CHINATOWN,

HOSPITAL SURGEONS SAY LING LUN
DIDN'T KILL HIMSELF.

 

 

The Police Think He Did—He Had Just Been
® Heavy Winner in a Mott Street Gambling
Hoase, According to Habitues, but His
Pockets Were Found Nearly Empty,

A score of Chinamen were elbowing each
other in an effort to get a glimpse ata Chinese
war bulletin that was posted on the wall of the
brick building at 17 Mott street at 1 o'clock yee-
terdavafternoon, On the fire-esoape baloony
of the Joss House opposite, two more were
gossiping about the war and other things. A
barefooted boy was climbing toward the roof
of the house opposite. He had reached the
second story when he dropped to the ground,
then picked himself up and ran intothe street
shouting, “Murder!”

The Chinamen, who had been studying the
bulletin board, and a hundred others gathered
about him waiting to hear what he had aaen.

“Just as I got up to the second story,” he
said, “I heard \three shots and I saw a manfin

the rear house holding his hand to his stomach
and falling down the stairs. Then two China-
ngo and a lobbygar ran out,of the rear
Ouse

lhe men or boys who run nds for the
Chinamen and white women of Chinato ar
known as lobbygars. The crowd thronged in\>
the rear house, whioh is a six-story double tene-
ment. On the third ‘Alght of ‘stairs ey
found Joseph Noble, the janito: otpiihs
building, trying to lift an injured China-
man to the foot of the stairs. The
Chinaman had two bullet. wounds in his
abdomen, Within a few feet of him a
woman stood wringing her hands and weeping.
She was expleiaite - Lv senior that the

1inaman must have shot himee}f. ¢ womaL
i he Black Rose,’ they sailed her, was
Grace Lawrence. She said she was visiting the
house and was in the apartment of a Chin 2
on the third floor when she heard tw hows
fired, and running Into the hall saw the China-
man throw up his hands and fall downstairs.

Policeman Alexander Schmidt came dhoae

ust then. He summoned an ambulance from

{udson street hospital and went upsteire to
the Chinaman

‘I guess he shot himself,”’ sald Janitor Noble.

“Yes, he shut himself,” said the woman in
the hal!

“You saw him doit," said the policeman,

“Well, sald the woman, ‘when ran ont
after hearing two shots he was lying there, and
he fired a third shot”

Schmidt wanted to know where the pista
was, but no one was able to tell him. Twenty
or thirty girls living inthe house, and of ages
ranging from fifteen to twenty-five, had gath-
ered.in the hall by this time together with the
Chinamen. One girl came into the hallway
ina pink silk wrapper with an optum pipein
her hand

“Don't Jet the chink die here," she said, “it's
hard luck for a Chinaman to die in any one's
house, The pistol may be down in the back
yard"

Half a dozen young men who live in the lower
part of the tenement went out to search for
the weapon. An ambulance surgeon was
already at work attending to the wounded
man's injuries. Two of his countrymen identi-
fied him as Ling tain, the. proprietor
of a_ laundry at 182 Park avenue
Brooklyn One of the Chinamen. remarke
that Ling had just won a hundred dollars in a
gambling establishment on one of the upper
floors of the front house. Policeman Schmidt
searched the injured Chinaman and remarked
that he only had 57 cents in his. posses-
sion, Then the Chinaman who had identified
him offered the suggestion that probably he
had been robbed and shot by someone from
the gambling house

When the ambulance had started for the hos-
pital one of the young men who had been
searching for the pistol produced a 88 caliber
revolver and told the police that he had found
it in an areaway at the rear of the house
Three of the chambers were empty.

‘The janitor said he thought that it was acase
of suicide, and the police accepted bis theory
No arrests were made. The Lawrence woman
went later to the Elizabeth street police station
and made a statement which she awore to
before a notary public

The Chinaman died in the hospital
hours after being taken there. The surgeons
there sald that in their opinion he had not shot
himself, They believed that it was a case of
murder. The man was probably shot while he
was coming down the stairs by someone who
stood on the lower landin

Coroner Zice’a, Who w if investigate the case
to-day, said last night that he had taken estate
ments from persons who believed it was a
murder and also persons who believed {t was 1
ease of suicide. Dr. Hamilton Willams, he
said, would make an autopey to-day and the
autopsy would certainly determine whether \t
was a case of murder or of suicide
If the man shot himself, other persons pointed
out, he must have walked fifty feet afterward
have opened a window and thrown the pistol
with which he did the deed out into the area-
way {n which ft was found,

three

 

S has a satisfied, ‘‘glad I have got it” °
@ cxpression on his face from the time @

M@ he lights one.
-

e

. Florida or
@
&
@
-

He knows he will @
not be disappointed.
where he buys ohe—Maine or Texas, @
| lifornia—he knows they
will be just the same as those he gets
m at home—clean—well made—burn
even—taste good—satisfying !

Three hundred million Old Virg
year, Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for 5 cents.

No matter my

inta Cheroots smoked this

y