=

 

sfEWART LEAVES BRYAN,

4 SENATOR DISGUSTED BY
NEVADA rei PERIALISM.”

silver Candidate Loses One of His
dent Advocates Because of His Un-
Views and Utteranoes Regarding

Philippine Question Mr, Stewart Gives
- Explaination of His Change of Heart.

Senator William M. Stewart of Nevada

t to the Republican National Headquarters
a Madison avenue yesterday and announced
“ nator Hanna, chairman of the National
a ae can Committee, that he had no moro
ot Candidate Bryan. Senator Stewart
be been one of the strongest of the supporters
- aince the currency question be-

o1 evel
a et political issue. His adherence to the
nel in free silver led him away from the Re-

of which he was one of the

ican party,
ease Common sense and patriotism
'

t him back to it. Mr. Stewart is dis-
wee B Bryan's insincere and foolish talk
pout ‘(mpertalism.” Like ex-Senator Pfeffer
or Kansas, he cannot abide the Popocratio
busbug and cant, Senator Stewart issued
this statement announcing his desertion of

an
a political ghosts and hobgoblins created
by the feverish {magination of Mr. Bryan are
It of overwork and exhaustion,

be natural res
as ravings at imaginary imperialism—which

doss not exiet—are very much like the antics
of a California horse whioh has eaten a weed
that grows iD that country called the locoweed,
When an attempt {s made to lead a horse thus
afflicted over 4 string in the road, he will rear,
plunge and refuse to step over what undoubt-
edly seems to him a monster or @ mountain,
It is evident that Mr. Bryan's political vision
{s equally exaggerated with that of the poor

te which has eaten the fatal weed. The
facts which Mr. Bryan's hallucination distort
{nto imperial monsters are simply these
The United States went to war with Spain
urged on by the Democratio party. The popu-
Jarity of the war was such that Mr. Bryan joined
the army as 4 patriotio duty, and possibly to
elevate himaelf in the estimation of the coun-
try. The war was successful, a treaty of peace
was entered into whereby the United States
agreed to pay $20,000,000 and accept the sov-
ereignty and public property of Spain in the
Philippine Archipelago. There was opposition
to the ratification of the treaty. Mr. Bryan
came to Washington and persuaded his Demo-
cratic friends to vote for the treaty, and it was
through his influence that the treaty was finally
ratified It then became the duty of the United
Btates to maintain law and order, and protect
the lives and property of all residents of the
{alands, whether native or foreign born. The
United States, at the time of the ratification
of the treaty, held military possession in Manila,
and immediately after such ratification as-
gumed the sovereignty of the islands. The
people of the United States, and particularly
of the Pacific Coast, became entitled to the vast
commerce of the Pacifico Ocean, of which the

Philippines furnish the key

“One Aguinaldo, whose political destiny {s
the leading factor tn the Bryan campaign,
had raised a rebellion in Luzon against Spain
before the commencement of the Spanish
war with the United States. This adventurer
bad sold out or settled his rebellion with Spain
for $400,000 before Dewey set sail for Manila,
and as a part of the bargain with Spain Agutn-
aldo had agreed to leave the islands and never
return. Dewey took the wily agitator back
to the islands, supposing, as a matter of course,
that Aguinaldo would naturally be an enemy
of Spain and a friend to the United States.
In this Admiral Dewey was mistaken. Aguin-
aldo, as soon as he landed on his native soil,
organized a rebellion against the United States,
which would have been of little consequence
{f he had not been able to obtain ald and com-
fort in this country. An organization was
formed in the United States called the Anti-
Imperial League, which has for the last two
years cooperated with Aguinaldo’s Tagal
junta, with headquarters at Hong Kong, to
supply literature and materials of war for
Aguinaldo. President McKinley had no au-
thority to buy out Aguinaldo’s rebellion againat
the United States, but was bound by the treaty
(which was the supreme law of the land) to
maintain law and order and protect life and
property in the islands.

“It required a large army and the expenditure
of hundreds of millions of dollars to put down
Agiinaldo’s rebellion. The assistance and
encouragement he received from the Anti-
Taperiat League and the enemies of the United
States, both at home and abroad, made his
barbarous and trregular war bloody and ex-
pensive. Congress, however, made all neoes-
sary appropriations, providing the Executive
with men and money to maintain the authority
of the United States in the Philippines. The
so-called Anti-I[mperialists declared that the
policy pursued by the Government to put down
Tebellion aud maintain law and order in all the
territories of the United States, without regard
to the time when such territories were ac-
ulred, was ‘imperialism,’ and that any use of

e army to maintain law aod order—however
necessary— was ‘militarism,’ although aid and
comfort to rebels in arms against the United
States was maintaining the principles of the
Declaration of Independence,

“Mr. Bryan's unparalleled campaign for the
peipelples of the Chicago platform, and his
nsist-noe upon the adoption of that platform at
Kansas City, induced the Prope to suppose
the campaign of 1900 would be conducted on
the issues of 1896. In this they were mistaken.
An hallucination induced Bryan to make war
on an army of ghosta and hobgoblins, which
his diseased brain created. His inatinct, which
had formerly led him te consider realities. de-
parted. He sought his closet in pursuit of
phantoms and strung together 10,000 words,
which he gave to the public at Inaianapolis.
He omittea all mention of the issues of '96 and
summarized the paramount issue of the pres-
a campaign in the following pledge tothe

aga) guerrillas

“If elected, | shall convene Congress in ex-
traordinary feSSiON AS BOON AS 1 am inaugur-
ated, and recommend an immediate declaration
of the nation’s purpose; first, to establish a
stable form of government in the Philippine
Islands, just as we are now establishing a
stable form of government in the island of Cuba;
second, to give independence to the Filipinos,
ust as we fave promised to give independence

the Cubans; third, to protect the
from outside interference while they work out
their destiny, just as we have protected the
republics of Central and South America, and
are, by the Monroe Doctrine, pledged to pro-
tect Cliba.’

The pledge to support Aguiraldo's rebel-

m has already borne fruit. The Anti-Im-

rial League of America, codperating with
he Hong Kong Tagal Junta. immediately con-
yened at Indianapolis and nominat Mr.

Tyan for President, and promised to support

Im with all the zeal and fidelity with which
they maintain the cause of Aguinaldo. Whether
Mr Brvan cherished the hope of falling into
the arms of and being embraced by this un-
Patriotic hand at the time he pledged fidelity
fo Aguinaldo'’s cause is immaterial. His al-
leglance was established when he made the
Pledge. and the cordial support of the friends
6f Aguinaldo's guerrilla bands who are mur-
ering our soldiers in the Philippines was
natural and timely. He is now the full-fledged
fandidate of Aguinaldo, and of Aguinal 0'8
Hends and supporters at home and abroad.

ill the people who mourn the deaths of
thelr relatives, rmurdered in the Philippines
by Aguinaldo's guerrillas, support his candi-
date In this country? Will a country which
hs Sacrt ced thousands of lives and hundreds
oF millions of dollars to maintain the authority
Pp the United States elevate to the office of

dent the candidate of a league which is
erting all its energies to tear down the flag?
4 The promise of Mr. Bryan if elected Presi-
yg to exert all the power of that great office
© secure the independence of the Tawals and
rob the United States of all we possess in the

 

eo Free
Most Ar
American

 
 

Qrient Was not enough. Mr. Bryan promised
th mM more than the Tagals themselves h.
® audacity to ask. He promised in

7 p ve quotation if elected President he
ine ald ret all his influence, after all the terri-
pd he United States in the East had been
tr itndered and Tagal governments set Up,

‘end the Monroe Doctrine to the Orient,

=e } rotect against all the world such govern-
Arching tte Philippines might haye in the
Arehine

laraticr ee The Monroe Doctrine is a dee-
the gnmiteee our Government that
ont dulsition of territory and the establish-
g Y monarchical governments by Furopean
be tnteoae nemsweere would be regarded
fed Vriendly to the United States. This dec-
hot —s Was made for our own protection, and
of cpt venevolent interference with the affairs
acknowledeeghit:, SO Furopean nation has
Rath ne eed the Monroe Doctrine as inter-
Pom mre eet, Dut all the nations have refrained
inten ter ference, on account of the paramount
Rane op othe United States, ‘The mainte-
after wa. the Monroe Doctrine in the Orient
Onne HAv® lost our possessions there would
don pe peed and resisted by all the world, To
etous acs ind contro) the relations of the@um-
exist & Wernmental organizations which might
World « Philippines with all the nations of
tment 2 Would: require a military establish
Furope uel to that of the combined Powers of
bation why ph h a conception is not an halluci-

"Kerelcy uid insane asylums?
#n nations will readily concede our

part of

  

ilipinos ,

 

a
SS Ses a see

 

right to protect the Phillippines while we own
them, but when our ownership goes, our right
to protect them must go withit. The evidence
that Mr. Rryens unpatriotic associates have
sacrificed the lives of our soldiers and the money
of our people w an enormous extents, is abun
dant Gen Lawton, the most bry) lant and
successful soldier of the war, lost bis Ife through
the machinations of the Anu-lmperial |eague
Before his death he discovered conclusive
evidence that the enemy he was ghting in
the Philippines was the Anti-Imperial League
of the United States, and that if his life was
sacrificed the league would be_ responsible.
A few days before his death he said

“'*L would toGod that the truth of this whole
Philippine situation could be known to every
one in America asl know it. If tne real history,
inspiration and conditions of this insurrection
an
encourage the enemy, as well as the actual
possibilities of these islands and peoples and
their relations to this great East, could be un-
derstood at home we would hear no more talk
of unjust ‘shooting of government” into the

puipines. or of hauling down our flag in the
Philippines. If the so-called anti-imperialists
would honestly ascertain the truth on. the
fround, and not in distant America, they whom

believe to be honest men and misinformed,
would be convinced of the error of their state-
ments and conclusions and of the unfortunate
effect of their publication here. If I am shot
by a Filipino bullet {t might as well come from
one of my own men, because I know from ob-
servations, confirmed by oaptured prisoners,
that the continuance of fighting is chiefly due
to reports that are sent out from America.’

“Evidence existe to corroborate Gen.Lawton'’s
statement, which if printed,would fill volumes.

The Anti-Impertal League cannot excuse {ts
crimes against the United States by contending
that the United States is wrong and that the
rebels are right Citizensof the United States
who assist the enemy when war existe are gullty
of treason and cannot plead {n their defence
or {n extenuation of their crimes what they
{magine to be the wrongs of the Government
in waging war. The crime of treason !s coin-
plete when ald or comfort {s extended to the
enemy. There can be no doubt that the Anti-
Imperial League {s unpatriotic, anti-American
and engaged {n a criminal conspiracy ainst
the United States. When Mr. Bryan affiliated
with that league and secured {ts eupport he
betrayed his American followers and became
the candidate of the enemies of the United
States both at home andabroad. To his fnor-
dinate ambition and unparalleled efforta to be-
come President must be attributed his biassed
{udgment and unbalanced mind. He will not
© President.”

The Republican campaigners were much
ratified at the stand which Senator Stewart
ook. His associates in the Senate hadn't
doubted his honesty, alnoerity and patriotism,
it was said yesterday, and they were not as-
tonished that, he should be opposed to the
“policy of scuttle.”

BRYAN'S NEXT NOTIFICATION,
Thirty Thousand People Expected at the
Popalist Ceremony at Topeka.

LIncotn, Neb., Aug. 20.—Literary work oc-
cupied Mr. Bryan all day to-day, but the tn-
terruptions were so frequent that he was forced
to flee to his farm. Here he completed his
revision of the speech he will make at the Pop-
ulist notification.

He recetved word from Topeka to-day that
all arvangements had been completed for the
ceremony of Thursday. He {s expected to
reach there about the middle of the forenoon
and to shake hands until noon. A conference
and more handshaking will follow dinner, and
about 4 o'clock the exercises will begin. These
will be held on the State House grounds and
will consist of speeches by Judge Doster and
Chairman Patterson of the Notification Com-
mittee and an address by Mr. Bryan. He will
leave at8 P.M. He is assured that 30,000 strang-
ers will be in Topeka, the railroads having
given a half rate. Mr. Bryan will be accom-

anied by Senator Allen and other prominent

opulists from Nebraska. There will be no
parade, because of the extreme heat, which
also forced the fixing of a late hour in the after-
noon for the speechmaking.

James feaver of lowa, one of the Pop-
list members of the Advisory Committee to
the Democratio National Committee, had con-
ferences last night and this morning with Mr.
Bryan. He aaid that all the reports that came
to headquarters at Chicago showed an un-
mistakable trend toward Bryan, and he pre-
dicted that Bryan would sweep the country.
He left to-day for Kansas to begin a stumping
tour of that State.

Secretary Edgerton of the Populist National
Committee is back at hia desk after a trip to
Colorado, He found a big pile of mail await-
ing him. He said afterward that every report
showed that Bryan is gaining strength all over
the country. he only Western State that
went for Bryan four yeas ago which he con-
siders doubtful is Idaho, where the Fusionists
have not ver got together.

The ballot row in this State will reach the
Supreme Court. The Bryan Populists, who
are known officially in Nebraska as the People's
Independent party, announce their willingness
to permit the Barker faction to go on the ballot
as “Middle Road Populists,” but the latter in-
sist upon the simple designation of Populist.
‘The Republicans have given up all idea of con-
Houing their fight against the use by the Silver
Republicans of that Goslgnation, the law being
interpreted to mean that the candidate's nam
shall be printed but once on the ballot instea
of three times as before.

 

BLAST FROM P. J. GLEASON,

   

Says the Borough of Queens Is Being Piun-
dered by Carpetbaggers.

Former Mayor Patrick J. Gleason opened
the campaign in Long Island City last night
at a Democratio mass meeting in the old city
hall building. About 800 persons were crowded
into the room, The alleged abuses in vogue
in the Borough of Queens under the present
leadership was Mr. Gleason's theme. Owing
to the prolonged absence of John P. Madden,
the Tammany leader of the borough, who has

been away on sick leave for several months,
Mr. Gleason said the borough was practically
witbout a responsible head, and tha: five deputy
leaders, scattered in as many wards, were
plundering the taxpayers and iining
their own pockets. Confusion and disorder,
he asserted, were evident everywhere in the
Democratic ranks, and the young men were
being driven out of the party by those who
have been holding office for more than thirty
years and now want to transmit their berths to
their sons. Out of the extravagant sums apent
for the maintainance of the Government of the
borough, he asserted, but $88 was paid the
residenta of the borough. o the hundred
policemen living outside the borough $340,000
was paid vearly and $140,000 to one hundred
firemen, also living outside the borough, while
£70,000 was paid to residents of Nassau county
holding positions in Queens

Resolutions were adopted indorsing Bryan
and Stevenson.

SILVER A PRESSING

Charles A. Towne Says Recent Events Have
Oniy Postponed Its Day.

Deuvr#, Minn., Aug. 20. -Charles A. Towne,
ex-Vice-Presidential candidate of the Popu-
lists, returns here this week and will start out
at once to speak for the Democratio ticket,
It is hia plan to open the campaign here in a
speech some time next week, From here he
will go to Kansas and Nebraska for a few weeks
and then direct to New England where he will
stay all the fall. He will confine himself al-
most entirely to the “paramount issue.”

“Events,” he says, “must determine the future
of free silver. It will be a pressing issue ogme
time: recent actions have postponed the y
but it is now overshadowed by questions of
more immediate importance,”

 

ISSUE.

Keahenites Hold a Mass Meeting.

East River Bridge Commissioner James W.
Boyle, Tammany leader of the Seventh As-
sembly district, who is fighting to prevent ex-
Alderman P. H. Keahon from deposing him,
held a big meeting last evening at his
headquarters, 240 West Fourteenth street.

Senator Thomas F, Grady. who had been
expected to address the meeting didn't appear
and Mr. K-ahon was denounced by home tal-
ent, Senator B. I. Martin, in whose district
the Seventh is, held hia annual picnic vesterdac
at College Pcint and the Keahonites said that
Mr Royle slighted him by holding a meeting on
the same night ‘Ihe Kenhonites will raly on
Friday evening at Abingdon Square.

Harry Houghton of Seventeenth street and
Seventh avenue has renewed his offer to pay 10
per cent. to anvbody who can get him a taker
for any part of $3,000 which he wants to wager
on Keahon's success at the primaries.

Perry Belmont Sees McLaughlin.

Sovru Jamesport, L. 1. Aug. 20.--Perry
Belmont arrived off here in the steam yacht
Santinella this morning. He was accompanied
by former State Senator Edward Hawkins,
Fiijah Griswold and . Henry Brown. The
varty came ashore, and Mr. Belmont and Hugh
VicLaughlin had a conference that lasted over
an hour. Neither of the men would tell what
the conference was about

 

Fegan Calls a Meeting of Irishmen,

Patrick Egan, ex-Minister to Chill, who tried
to get up a league of Bryan clubs and failed in
his endeavor, bas sent out acall for a tneeting
of Irishraen at the Hoffman House on Thursday
evening, for the organization of an Anti-im-
perialistic Club. Mr. Rgan has the assistance
of Patrick Fordand Dennia H. Spellissy, both
of whom are confident that they control a great
many Votes,

the influences, loca! and external, that now

 
 

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21,

 

 

HAS COME TO TAKE UP CAMPAIGN
WORK IN EARNEST.

He Thinks There's & Good Chance of the
Democrats Winning tn the State and Na-
tion, His Friends Say—Latest Phases of
the Coler Boom and Its Brookiyn Backers.

Rivhard Croker came back to this city yes-
terday to begin the hard work of the campaign,
which he firmly belioves will result in the elec-
tion of Bryan and Stevenson in the nation
and of the Democratic State ticket in New
York State. Mr. Croker has told his friends
that he has the utmost confidence in the outcome
of the November election. He has also told
them that he intends to work hard himself
and to have all his lieutenants work hard for
every Democrat nominated on the 16 to 1 plat-
form for an elective office

Mr. Croker's reappearance in New York
after a two weeks’ stay in Saratoga was sig
nalized by a statement which he issued to the
press, he having suspended for a very short
time the rule which he established several
weeks ago of not talking for publication. Mr.
Croker made the statement because {ft had
been reported that Eugene V. Wood of Albany
had said that the Tammany chieftian wanted
to make an alliance with him for the purpose
of electing anti-Hill delegates to the State
Convention from Albany oounty, Mr. Croker
denied this. This question was asked:

“flave you read the statement that Eugene
Wood has been asked by you to ald you ina
movement for the election of Herrick or anti-
Hill delegates to the State Convention from
Albany county?”

“Yes,” was Mr. Croker's reply; “and there is
no truth in it. 1 have no dealings with Wood,
He is the paid lobbyist of Republican corpora-

tions and insurance companies, and tells what he |

does forthem. 1 regard him asa fit subject for
the Distriot Attorney of Albany county.”

Having uttered this thought in regard to
Mr. Wood, Mr. Croker returned to his rule of
no talk for publication. Mr. Croker wil) as-
sume the burden of the campaign at once,
He will go to Tammany He!l every day that
there is anything to be done there. He will
be at the De mocratic Club whenever he can be
at work there. He will be at his office at j11
Broadway, if he thinks that effective political
work can be accomplished there. From this
time on Mr. Croker intends to work, both for
the success of the Democratic party generally
and also for the success of the Croker-Murphy-
Shevlin faction of the Democratic party in
this State against the Hill-Sheehan-Coler faoc-
tion. Mr. Croker's friends said last evening
that he was convinced there existed a plot to
destroy the Democratic party in New York
State and that he was ping to work to_ knock
the plot on the head lis friends went further
than this and they declared that within a very
short time the names of al] the persons who
Mr. Croker thinks are concerned in the plot
will be made public. As a matter of fact Mr,
Croker and his personal advisers in polttical
matters have about made up their minds that
they are the custodians of pure Democracy in
New York State and they think that anybody
who opposes them or differs with them in any
wey. is an eneniy to the party

Acting upon this principle Mr. Croker and his
ahead at once on the idea that
anybody who does not accept thelr reading of
Democratio principles Pee just as well be
Republican and should be treated as such,
When the friends of ex-Senator David Lenneit
Hi!) heard this last night they were amused,

friends are golr

and they said that Mr. Hill and his
adherents had as much right to interpret
Democracy as Mr. Croker and_ his friends,
Mr. Croker does not regard Mr. Coler as

one who ia filled with the truth of Democracy
and therefore he is opposed to his nomination
for Governor. Over in Brooklyn the Kings
county Democrats regard Mr. Coler as a true
Democrat, and yesterday afternoon the Brook-
lyn Citizen, which is regarded by residents of
“4 county as the official organ of th
Hugh McLaughlin and Senator Patrick Henry
McCarren, and the Willoughby street leaders
generally, printed an editorial which {!t was
said expressed their views on Mr. Coler com-
pletely.

The editorial pointed out that ex-Senator
Aill with the aid of the Kings county Democ-
racy would be able to nominate Mr. Coler in
the State Convention. It is said that the Kings
county men would go far for Mr. Coler if they
had only their own Joca! interests to consider,
but that they were anxious to avoid a fac-
tional fight, and wished to see _ Tammany
accent r. vont willingly as the Democratic
candidate t concluded with thie paragraph

“}t remains, therefore, we judge, to be seen
what success will attend the efforts of the Kings
county leadera to bring Tammany to reason.
If they succeed in their efforts Coler will be
nominated. If they fail it is probable that
they will not go the length of making a move
which might stamp the campaign with fac-
tional hatred from the very outset. We cherish
the hope that they will not fail in their good

endeavors and that Coler will come before the |

people with @ united party bebind hirn.”
This editorial, it was declared. was the official
notice of the Willoughby street organization

Hon, |

Pe
SORT ag een een n ERTRETEPTUrEe:

  
 

‘

 

 

WILL MAKE NOCAR+TAIL SPEECHES.

 

Gov. Roosevelt Makes This a Condition of
His Coming Tour.

Gov. Roosevelt came up to town from Oyster

Bay yesterday and stopped for a few minutes

| in the morning to have his throat examined

 

that it thaught Mr. Coler was a very nice young |

man, but that it wasn't one to fight Tam-
many Hall, which controls all the patronage
of the city of New York and has two delegates
to Kings county's one inthe city conventions, on
his account

Mr. Coler was at his desk in the Finance De-
peryoent yesterday and spent the day there
4e had a large number of callers. He told all
of them that he had nothing to say about hia
boom for Governor. Among the gentlemen
who talked with him was Elliot Danforth, who
$ one of Mr. Hill's most loyal lieutenants. Mr

gatcrcn had quite achat with the Comptroller.
After it was over he said that there was a strong
sentiment for the nomination of the Comp-
troller in the up State counties, and that it ap-

rc)

peared to growing all the tine. Mr. Dan-
orth added that he hoped Mr. Coler would be
nominated

John A. Mason, Secretary of the Damoocratio
State Committee, was at the St. James bulld-
ing headquarters yesterday. The employees
of the committee are taking great care of the
fine furniture with which the rooms are orna-
mented. The members of the committee be-
lieve that they will be able to return the furnt-
ture to the manufacturers at the end of the
campaign without its showing any signs of
wear. Mason prepared a4 statement say-
ing that the Democratic workers in Steuben,
Onondaga, Oswego and Madison counties
were much encouraged.

Yesterday aiterpoce Comptroller Coler had
a long talk in the Brooklyn Club with Augustus
Van Wyok, who bad just come down from Sara-
toga, and Bridge Commissioner John I. Shea,
who is one of his warmest supporters for the
nomination for Governor. They were closeted
together for three hours and discussed the

ituation Vaorougnly former Justice Van

‘yok, according to his friends, would not be
averse to accepting the nomination for Goy-
ernor again himeelf, and he would be accept-
able, it ‘8 understood, to Mr. Croker,

NORTHWEST FOR M'RKINLEY,.

 

Chauncey 8S. Truax Says He Will Surely Be
Re-elected.

San Francisco, Aug. 20.--Chaunoey 8S. Truax,
the New York lawyer, has arrived in this city
after a tour through the Northwest, during
which he bad an excellent opportunity to ob-
serve the drift of political events. As a result
of his observations and inquiries, Mr. Truax,
whois an old line Democrat, is of the opinion
that Brvan has nota ghost of ashow for elec-
tion. Inan interview he said:

“I think there ia no question that McKinley
will be the next President. There are many
reasons for believing 80, and I have no hesita-
tion in stating them. In Washington State the

conditions are such that pipminens Democrats
freely declared to me that there was no hope of
the mocrets earrving the State. Oregon, of
course, will be for McKinley, as was indicated
by the last State election.

“You ask what special reasons I have for ex-
pressing such radical views in view of the fact
that Iam Democraticin politics. A few weeks
ago, jost before I started for the Pacific coast,
IT dined with seven other well-known Demo-
crats at the Manhattan Club in New York and
in the course of the dinner the subject of poli-
tics came to the front and was freely discussed,
When we came tw wind up it was found
that there was just one man in the crowd
who said he proposed to vot» for Bryan
He was from Baltimore and said the solid
South would be the Democratic candidate's
ahare Refore the dinner party broke up a
Northern Democrat had wavered the Southern
Democrat $800 to $100 that McKinley would be
elected. This is merely incidental as going to
show the temper of the intelligent classes of the
Democratic party.

“Again Tam convinced that there are many
Democrats who voted for Bryan and whoss
observations of the progress of the country
during the past three years will cause them to
vote for McKinley. this year. Ihave met so
many of them that I have drawn my conclusions
partly from personal observation.”

Senator Fairbanks to Speak ta Maine,

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 20 Senator Fairbanks
will leave this week for Maine to make a series
of speeches at the opening of the campaign. On
Saturday he will sreak at Bangor, on Monday,

ug. 27, he will be at Rockport, on Tuesday at

‘interport and on Wednesday at Seboga | ake,
On Thursday, Aug. 90, be will speak at Salem,
Mass .

!

} @ subject until his fad

| foreigners, and their animosity

and to talk with his political friends at Repub-
lican national and State headquarters. The
itinerary for the Governor's tour through the
West during September and October has been
about completed ard the changes which are
made in it hereafter will be arranged by Na-
tional Cormmitteeman Payne, who has charge
of the Western headquarters at Chicago, in
whose territory most of the Governor's speak-
ing will be done, The Governor will be ac-
companted throughout his trip by Col, Curtis
Guild, Jr., of Boston and John Proctor Clarke
of this city. Mr. Clarke was the Governor's
companion on his campaign tour through New
York in 1808 and ja a warm personal friend.
Gov. Roosevelt will not make any car-tall
speeches. This was decided upon yesterday.
The Governor and Senator Nathan B. Scott
of Weat Virginia, who has charge of the speak-

ers’ bureau, had a long talk on this subject
Gov. Roosevelt told Senator Scott frankly
that his throat had caused him a great deal
of trouble during the past month, and that he
did not believe that he would be able to respond
to the demand which Mr. Scott had told him
would be made for a speech every time the
train stopped. The trip ia to last forty-three
days and the Governor will make in the neigh-
borhood of seventy-five speeches. These
apeeches will all be scheduled by the National
Committee, and Gov. Hoosevelt believes that
they will be all that his throat will permit him
to make, Senator Scott agreed with the Gov-
ornor perfectly, and Republicans along the
line will be made to understand before the trip
Degine that they cannot expect Goy. Roose-
velt to speak to every crowd that gathers

The Governor will probably travel in a special
our, although this hus not been decided yet. At

ny rate he will travel on regulur trains, for the
National Committee hus de ided that better
time can be made on the regular sehedulea of
the roads over which he is to pass than could be
had on wu special train. This will relieve the de-
mands for car-tail speeches to some extent.
Wherever it is necessary that a speech shall be
made, Col. Guild or Mr. Clarke will make the
speech, and us both of them ure excellent cum-
pulgners the committee expects that they will
prove satisfactory

Goy. Roosevelt had a long talk with Senator
Janna, ‘[Yeasurer Bliss, and then Gen, Francts

‘inton Greene, President of the Republican
County Committee, saw all of them and re-
marked that the Governor's assistance was
needed in the campaign inthis county. Com-
mitteeman Frederick S. Gibbs backed Gen.
Greene up in this. From the National Com-
mittee headquarters Gov, Roosevelt went
across the street to the Fifth Avenue [lotel,
where he called on Chairman Odell of the State
Committee

Before he went he said that Attorney-General
Davies had informed him that it would not be
possible for him to make an prgument in the
jJardiner case this week and had requested
that the Governor postpone action until next
week. Goy. Roosevelt assented to this He
said that there was nothing new in the matter
of the charges brought against the Mayor on
account of i interest in the Tammany Ice
Trust. Mayor Van Wyck was in town yester-
day for a few minutes on his way to Seabright,
where he will spend the rest of his vacation.
Nothing can be done in regard to the charges
until Afteen days have elapsed from the date
that they were served on him, or until his an-
ewer to them is received. Gov. Roosevelt
said that be had nothing to say about the can-
didacy of any person for the Repubilcan nomi-
nation for Governor this fall. When he was
asked about it he laughed and said “See Senator
Platt. I know nothing about it.”

Among politicians there was some #pect-
lation as to whether the Governor would ap-
point a successor to the late Justice Frederick
8. Smyth of the Supreme Court, who died on
Saturday, The names of ex-Justice William
N. Cohen, ex-Justice Joseph F. Daly, and ex-
Judge James A. Blanchard were mentioned,
but nobody knows what the Governor intends
to do about this matter

WASHINGTON, Aug. 20—Gov, Roosevelt ar-
rived in Washington at 6:10 o'clock this even-
ng and went from the station to the White
Wes, where he is the guest of the President,
At an informal dinner given by the President
and Mra. McKinley tn honor of the Governor
to-night, there were present Secretary and
Mrs. Gage, Secretary Hitchcock, Postmaster-
General Smith, Secretary Wilson and Adjutant-
General Corbin, After the guestsdeparted the
President and Gov. Roosevelt svent several
hours in the Cabinet room. The Governor
asked to be excused from seeing newspaper

nen. Tt was stated at the White House just

fore midnight that the President and he had
heen discussing “political and other matters.”
The Governor will leave Washington for New
York to-morrow morning.

 

HANNA ROUNDS ON RBOUTWELI.

The Senator Exposes a Statement of the For-
mer Governor Made at Indianapolis.

The attention of Senator Hanna, chairman of
the Republican National Committee, was called
yesterday to the passage in ex-Gov, Boutwell's
speech at the Liberty Congress {n Indianapolis,
in which he said; “The troubles in China have
been aggrava'ed by the policy of the United
States, and when we entered the Philippines {t
was a menace to the Chinese Empire, and led to
the revolution {n China and put the mission-
aries and Ambassadors {n peri! of their lives.’
Mr. Hanna, on reading the extract from the
speech, said

"This is certainly anti-imperiallsm ron mad,
The idea that there isany connection, physical
or political, between the Fallippine roubles
and the Boxers’ insurrection could only enter
the brain of one who has brooded over
has become mono-
Borers’ immovement origi-
nated veara ago, long before our war
with Spain was ever heard or dreamed of
The Boxers’ main purpose is to rid China of all
has been far
leas strong aga'nst the Americans than against
the German:, English, Japanese and some other
nations. ‘Ihe Chinese have shown an intention,
even since the Japanese war in 1804, to
extirpate all foreigners, and the Boxers’ move-
ment has been in steady progress ever since
then. It has had no more to do with
our Philippine trouble than. with last year's
eclipse of the moon, What has our war with
Beta todo with the partition of China? And

ave we not shown very clearly that this na-
tion, alone among the great nations, has abao-
lutely no desire or intention to take part inthe
partition of China’ The ideathat our being in
the Philippines was the chief occasion of the
revolution in China is without doubt the cham-
pion idiocy of the campaign up to date,"’

 

mania. The

INDIANA WONT GO BRYAN.

Senator Fairbanks Says Anti-Imperialism Has
Fallen Flat Out There.

Senator Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana
stopped in this city fara few minutes en route
to Vermont, where he will epeak in Burlington
this afternoon, and in Rutland to-morrow
evening. Senator Fairbanks said that every-
body was prosperous in Indiana and that there
waa no question but that the Kepublicans
would carry the State this fall. He said that
the Bryan people had ful! control of the so-
called Liberty Congress which was held there,
the most conspicuous workers in {t being well-
known 16 to 1 men. i

“The isaue of imperialism has fallen flat,”
aaid Senator Fairbanks. ‘People see the 16 tot
iseie through the flimsy curtain which Bryan
has drawn in front of it. [I was not present at
the Bryan notification meeting, but I was in-
formed that the attendanore there was by no
means as large as was expected, and that the
enthusiasm was much lesa than the managers
had been prepared torec-ive Of course, these
thingsare relativa and one cannot alwaye tell
about them. I do not think that Mr. Bryan
has any chance of carrying Indiara.”

Col, Graber to Give a Pink Tea.

Col. Abraham Gruber, the isolated leader
of the Republicans of the Twenty-first Assembly
district, is going to have a pink tea for his

followers on Thursday evening, at Colonial
fall, 101st street and Columbus avenue. Col
Gruber has written several poems which will
be a conspicuoue feature of the evening's en-
tertainment, and he will make a speech de-
fining the issues in the primary campaign
against him as he sees them. Col. Gruber
and ex-Aasermblyman George C. Austin who
is at the head of the opposition to him, have
both issued circulars mutually denunciatory
Col. Gruber's circular contains biographical
sketches of himself and his chief lieutenant,
William 8. Bennett

Alderman Goodman for Congress.

Friends of Alderman Flias Goodman of the
Thirty-firat Assembly datrict are booming him
for the Republican nomination for Congress in
the Fifteenth District, which ls now represented
by Jacob Ruppert, Jr.. an anti-16-to-1 Demo-
crat. Mr Goodman's friends declare that his
excellent record as an alderman will enable him
to overcome the 10,000 plufality by which Mr.
Ruppert defeated Philip b. Low in 180s. Mr
Goodman is willing to run, and intends to make
an active canvass for the nomination.

Campaign Headquarters Moved.

The Kings county republican managers
have hired the Argyle Rooms in Pierrepont
street, near Fulton, in Brooklyn, as campaign
headquarters, and they will he opened at once,
The other rooms at Court and Joralemon streets
will also be retained, but all the important work
of the campaign will be transacted in the more
spacious quarters in Peirrepont street.

   

 

1900.

READY WEDNESDAY,

Paty) ea ee

ra ne

AUCUST 22.

The KNOX hats are approved by gentlemen desiring unquestionably correct style,
superior quality and the highest class of workmanship.

Sold by the representative hatters in every city in the United States and Canada, Also London. Parts, Melbourne,
Sydney, Brisbane, Auckland, Buenos Ayres, Havana and Honolulu.

BERGENS AT WAR AGAIN,

TUNIS

 

PAMILIES OF JOIIN AND
RENEW HOSTILITIES.

Free Fight in the Road in Which Members of
Both Houses Took Part-Part of John's
Mustache Gone-His Wife Says She Was
Bitten on the Wrist-Sammons for Tanis,

The families of John and Tunis Bergen
brothers, who live next door to each other
at Bay Ridge, are at war again. The Bergens
are among the earliest settlers in New Utrecht
and the family has always been prominent
in that neighborhood. The houses of John
and Tunis are at Seventy-fifth street and the
shore road overlooking the lower bay. The
first that the police knew of the trouble between
them was thirteen months ago when Tunis,
who is 45, had John, who Is 42, bound over to
keep the peace for one year, It was then
alleged that John had chased bis brotherabout
the neighborhood with a gun. Not long after
the year was up, Mrs. Tunis Bergen alleges,
John began again to annoy the family

Ou Sunday night, shortly after § o'clock
Mrs. John Bergen was sitting on the plazza

of her home when Tunis Bergen came along
the shore road, Tunis in passing, it is sald,
made some remark which ahe resented. What
the remark was !# not known, but {ft resulted
in reopening active hostilities. Calling her
husband to her aid, Mrs. John, it is said, ran
across the lawn and out into the roadway where
she seized Tunis and struck him several times,
Her husband, who went to her assistance.
Jumped at Tunis, it is said, and forced him to
the «round. Afterward, while Tunt lay on
the ground, both John and his wife, {t is said,
sat on his chest

Tunis cried for help and his wife with her
eighteen-yeur-old son Adolph, and her daugh-
ter Elale, rushed to the scene. John and his
wife were forced to release their hold on Tunis
and, it is said, a general mix-up ensued. When
the fighting ceased, the women, it is said, ex-
changed some very bitter personal remarks.
“Brazen hussy” and “spiteful wretch” were,
it is said, among the terms used. Then it Is
alleged the fighting was resumed, and when
irs. Tunis Bergen took a hand in the matter,
ohn was thrown to the ground

Mrs. ‘Tunis and her son and daughter then
sat on him, it is said, and began to play a tattoo
about his face and body. Johnis or waa the
owner of a flowing mustache. A large part
of it. disappeared during the fray. John
yelled with pain and a number of the neighbors,
among them Mrs, Renisen Bennett, ran to the
scene

A man who eaid he was Charles E, Smith
of Bensonhurst came along about the same
time on his bieycle and he rode off to summon
additional help and medical aid at the drug
store of Edward Wolff at Thirdand Bay Ridge
avenues, The Bergens then separated, each
vowing Vengeanoe against the other. Mrs.
John Bergen secured yesterday afternoon
from Magistrate Voorhees in the Conay Island
police court a summons for Tunis Bergen, who
8 ordered to show cause on Friday why he
should not be bound over to keep the peace

Mrs, Tunis Bergen, when seen at her home
last night, said Jolin Bergen and his wife
for the last few days have been trving to cause
@ (disturbance, The whole difficulty lies
pei cipally with John's wife, whom be married
ourteen years ago. Before her marriage
she was Miss Isabelle Loveland of Nartford
Conn, The marriage did not exactly meet
with the approval of the Bergen family and
it has resulted in my husband and his brother
being On Unfriendly lerins. John on several
occasions has endeavored to straighten mat-
ters out with my husband, but he would not
consent to it. This vexed John and he has
repeatedly caused us annoyance, His wife
is also jealous because she does not ahine in
social circles in Bay Ridge and because we
will uot associate with ber.”

Mrs. Bergen admitted her part in the assault
and said she was justified in her action.

dohn Bergen said: “I do not care to go into
details about our troubles f my wife was
vere she could give you some interesting facts
f Mrs. Tunis Bergen does not cease ould

 

about us I will tell sore things that she woul
not care to hear, She {s responsible for al
this trouble and will have to pay for it dearly.
Something surely ia xoing to happen before
long and people will then have an opportunity
to talk.” Asif to lay more stress on his words,
Mr. Bergen snapped a rawhide whip and inti-
mated that he intended using it on somebody.

After the war between the brothers was
over it was found that John Bergen'’s mustache
had been so badly damaged that he will have
to shave off what remains of it. He had al-
wavs prided himself on his muatache. Mrs.
John Bergen's left wrist was slightly injured
She snid she had been bitten. John Bergen's
face is brulsed. He blames his sister-in-law
for this damage and saya she kicked him while
one of the ators held him on the ground. Tunts
Bergen and his wife were not injured.

 

Republican Clabs' Campaign Plans,

The Republican Club of 450 Fifth avenue will
open campaign headquarters next week
at tbe corner of Grand atreet and
the Bowery, and will work along the same
lines it did in 1808, when {it succeeded tn
reducing the Democratic vote below Four-
teenth street appreciably. The club apnointed
a committee of five to meet its President. Sen-
ator Depew, on his return from Europe and
arrange for the regular Depew reception, which
is held every year, when he gets back from his
vacation.

The Weather.

The pressure was low yesterday over a belt of
country covering all the Northern States from Mon-
tana to the New England and middle Atlantic coasts,
with cloudy and showery weather prevailing through-
outthe entire area. Thecentre of the low tempera-
ture was over Minnesota, moving eastward. High
pressure and fatr weather prevailed in all the
Southern States.

High temperatures continued in the Central States
and inthe Tennessee and Ohio valleys, the maximum
ranging from 06 to 102 degrees, The heat wave is
spreading eastward aud it should be quite warm io
the Atlantic States during the next few days.

In this elty the day was generally c'oudy with afew
Heht sprinkles of rain; maximum temperature, 73 de-
greesatS:45 P. M.; average humidity, 67 per cent;
wind, northeasterly and fresh, barometer, corrected to
readto sea level at& A. M., 40.06,;3 P. M., 30.00,

The temperature asrecorded by the oMcial ther-
mometer, and also by THF SUN'S thermometer at
the street level, is shown in the annexed table

—OMealm Sun's -OMeial— Sun's

HOU. LSP. Le00 lo), 1800, L800,

9AM 6y° 7o° 70°; 4P.M..71° as® 73°
12M 7 an? 70° O#P.M..70° Bur @ge
3 P. M.68* 86° 73° 12 Mid oe* 78° 64°
WASHINGTON FORFCAST FOR TO-DAY AND

1O-MORROW

For Massachusetts, “lihode Island, Connecticut,
eastern New York, eastern Pennsylvania, New Jer-

sev and Delaw are increasing cloudiness andlocal rains
to-day and probably Wednesday: fresh southeast winds

For the District of Columtia and Maryland, local
rains to day, Wednesday generally fair; ight to fresh
Dorth shifting to southeast winds

For western Pennsylvania and western New York,
local rains followed by fair to-day; Wednesday fats
fresh west winds

 

 

 

WEATHER LIKE THIS

Makes us crave a change of diet,—our usual food palls,

 

COOK’S

FLAKED RICE

Is so attractive in appearance that it tempts, and
that is half the battle.
dent to its preparation.
minute, and may be done at the table.

Besides all this, COOK’S FLAKED RICE is
both a preventive and a cure for summer com.
plaints of children.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.
All Grocers, Large package, 15 cents. Try one,

There is no fatigue inci-
It takes less than half a

COOK’S FLAKED RICE CO.,, 1 Union Sq., N. Y. City.

 
 

MISSISSIPPI REPUBLICANS.

 

A Campaigao to Be Made This Year—Teaders
Hope to Poll 25,000 Votes,

New ORLEANS, La., Aug. 20.—For the first
time in ten years the Mississipp| Republicans
have resolved to make a vigorous campaign
in that State, and while they have not the
faintest hope of success, they expect to poll so
large a vote as to put the party in good position
for future campaigns. This is done to reorgan-
ize the party. The Mississippi Republicans
say that they will poll 25,000 votes, Even if
they do not reach that figure, there is no doubt
that they will poll a larger vote than any time
in twelve years and that they will win seoond
lace away from the Populists, The Popu-
ists reached high water mark in 1805 when
they polled 47,000 votes Since then the party
has gone down steadily until to-day there are
only a few irreconcilables left, most of the
others having been swallowed up in the Democ-
racy

The last exodus from the Populiet to the
Democratic party took place last summer
when the Democrats adinitted the Populist
members of the Legislature to thefr caucus
and broke down the last barrier between the
two parties

Irn the last election there were two Republi-
can Electoral tickets nominated by the Hill
and Lynch factions of the party, the tckets
belng composed largely of negroes, This
election there will be one ticket and for the first
time in the history of the Republican party
of Mississippi it will be composed wholly of
whites and of the best and strongest men in
the Republican party in Mississippi. The
character of the Ucket is one that will render
it possible for the Gold Democrats to support
it and the bulk of the gold men are counted on
as certain, The Central Committee will do a
great deal of missionary work and send out
speakers through all the counties, its obsect betng
to poll as large a vote as poseibie he Hon
M. A. Montgomery says there will be a vote of
25,000. The Democrats concede 12,000 to the
Republican ticket as compared with 4,849 for
both the Republican Electoral tfeketa in 1896.
Mr. Bryan received 55,000 Democratic and 7,000
Populist votes at that election,

 

COL, WARDER LEAVES BRYAN.

A St. Louls Democrat Who Stamped the East
for Him tn 1896,

Kansas Crty, Mo.,Aug.20 --Afterthirty years
of active work inthe ranks andup tn front of
the Democratic party Col. George W. Warder of
this city publishes an open letter withdrawing

and going over to the Republicans for self-
protection.

Col, Warder is well known in St. louis, but

even better in New. York and the New
England States, for, by his own seeking,
he has in previous years always atumped
the East for the Democratic _ ticket.
Four years ago he worked in New
York city, Brooklyn, Long Island
City and up the Hudson. His free-silver book,
“Manand Mammon," was used by Bryanites

all through the Campaign, and sent out by the
literary bureau by the carloaas

“But facts and conditions change,” says the
Colonel now, “and men must change with them
What was right is wrong, and to remainright I
find I must change my views."

“If elected,” the Colonel's letter says, ‘Mr.
Bryan would have gathered about him sucha
heterogenous mass of discordant politicians
from ali parties opposed to the Republican party
that it would be beyond the power of a greater
man than he even to subjugate, muoh less
direct them. His following to-day is made up
of the dissatisfied, the restless, the visionary, the
polyglot siraggiers and walking delegates of all
issues, With it he could not command public
confidence. With it he would be a menace.”

 

Our Last Years’ Patients Testify

HELD ON CHARGE OF ARSON,
PATRICK COONEY OF MOUNT VER«

He Is a Saloon Keeper Said to Be Worth
$100,000 -His Batiding Borned and a Po-
liceman Says He Saw Him Setting the Fire
~He Says He Was Looking for a Burgiar.

Mount Vennoy, N. Y., Aug. Patrick

Cooney, a saloon keeper, 60 years old, who was

formerly a resident of Bensonhurst, L. LL, 1s

being held here without bail on the churge of
arson in the first degree, He ts charged with
having set fire to his euloon, the Greater New

York Cufé, which was burned at 2:30 o'clock

this morning. The saloon was ut 154 South

Fourth avenue, in the middle of u long row of

frume buildings used the first

floor und living epurtments overhend. Seve

erul of the tenants had narrow escapes from
being burned to death. One woman, Mrs,
John O'Brien, wife of the driver of the Clinton

us stores on

Hook und Vuadder Company, and her three
children bud to be curried down a burning
Blairway

Roundsmun Albun Gleitzman says he dis

covered Cooney in the act of setting fire ¢>
the building. Gleitzinun first looked into the
store shortly after inidnight. Everything ut
that tlme was us usual and a dim light was
burning buck of the bar. When the patrolman
returned ubaut 2.80 u slight noise attracted his
attention und he walked up to the plate-gluss
window, which, he says, was covered with
paint, He found a «mull spot uncovered
and peered in A man, he alleges, clad in an
undershirt und trousers, wus Walking uround
the burroom with « candle in one hand and
a“ big can in the other. Gieitznian says he saw
the man take the candle and place its flame
uguinst the woodwork in several places, Then
the man went tothe back room

Gleitzman ran throueh an alley which Jed
tothe rear of the §building and just as he
was about to stavefit in a key turnea
nthe lock and the old man opened it In
us right hand Cooney had a 48-caliber
revolver. As the door opened Gleitzman

aeized him by the throat with the lef hand
and cracked him over the wrist with his club,
The man refused to drop the revolver, and, it
is alleged, attempted to level It at the police-
man. Gleitzman says he struck him = four
times before he dropped the revolver, which
Gleitzman picked up

Meanwhile a milkman had seen the fire and

 

turned in an alarm. Cooney carried $2,000
insurance on his stock, He says that when
Gleitzman caught him with the revolver he
was looking for burg 8 fie issaidto be worth
about $160,900, Coroner Banning, whe is in
charge of the case, has held Cooney without
bail for examination on Wednesday. The

came here

imprisoned man's wife and family
vim,

to-night from Bensonhurst to see

Madison Square Clab for Hess,

The Madison Square Club of the Twenty-fifth
Assembly district met last evening in its club-
roomsand by a vote of 38 to 8 indorsed the prie

mary ticket which bears the nameof Charles A,
Hess, the present leader of te distriet. Thomas
W_ F_ Jsom presented a min: rity report denoung-
ing Mr. Hess, which was net adopted White
this was going on the anti-Hess faction met at
the Sturtevant House and decided to conduct @
campaign independent of the regular organiza-
tion this fall. Alderman Herbert Parsons will
be at the head of a committee of twelve to look
out for the club's interest. Col. Jacoh Kemple
made areport for the committee which waited
on Gen, Greene this week to enlist him in the
anti-Hess movement. Col. Kemple said that
Gen. Greene informed the committee that he
thought Mr. He s was entitled toa placein the
district delegation

  

THAT

HAS CURED

HAY FEVER

They were completely relieved last year and this year they have had no trace

or only slight attack immmediately dispelled

by “ORANGEINE.” Much

testimony reaches us like the following from Mr. R. C, Brandon of Lord &

Thomas, Chicago.

“For fifteen years I have been driven north by Hay Fever andeven then suffered intensely,

Last year 1 was perfeotly relieved by Orangeine
by two or three powders daily and am enjoying t

ey thie year I have been kept entirely free
20 best health Lever had.’

Mr. A. B. Dick, President of the A. B. Dick Co., Chicago, and many others say

substantially the same.

Fever sufferers relieved by “ Orangeine,”’

Every mail brings expressions of gratitude from Hay

Four soc boxes for season treatment

Orangeine is equally efficient for Asthma, Headache, Neuralgia, Colds,
Women's Pains and other everyday ills.

Full information gladly given in answer to inquiries

Orangeine is sold ia

25c and Soc packages by druggists or by mail.

~

ORANGEINE CHEMICAL COMPANY, 1s Michigan Avenue, CHICAGO, ILL.

\

=

—

 

>

oon eee

ae