a
CUBAN TEACHERS’ PICNIC,

 

A THOUSAND OF THE VISITORS GO ON
AN EX°UARSION TO WEST POINT.

 

It Was @ Hollday Trip for Them and Men and
Women Were Allowed to Go Together on
the Same Steamer and Everybody Was
Happy~Some of the Teachers Stayed Here,

The Cuban schodteachers to the number
of a thousand, went te West Point yesterday on
a steamboat, They marvelled at the commer-
clal solidity of the city as they saw it from the
waterfront, They wese moved to tears by
the beauty of the Hudean. They fainted and
prayed heaven for mercy when the stone quar-
ryrmev at Tompkin’s Cove fired blasts in their
honor. They invaded the summer camp of
the West Point cadets, who gave them the ex-
traordivary honor of a special dreas parade,
and they screamed “Viva West, Point” and
*Viyan Estados Unidos” until they were hoarse.
Then they boarded their steamboat and in al- |
lant adoration and in noisy vooal demonstra-
tion worshipped Alexis 5. Frye, the Superin-
tendent of Education in Cuba, the leader of
their pilgrimage, as they have worshipped bim
every day since they left the Gem of the An-

Mr. Frye {s young looking for the respon-
sibility that rests upon him in the case of the
1,300 Cuban trevellers of whom more than half
are young women. He has mild reddish hair,
a mustache and a conciliatory smile, among
other things. Tie has a way of organizing
things while he |s apparently doing nothing
more than extending the courtestes of the oo-
casion to the people in his charge. Some per-
rons would say that Mr. Frye bas tact and
others might call hima diplomat. He believes
that Cuba is the loveliest island, that the Cuban
people have the most lovable and admirable
natures ever possessed by human beings. and
that Cuban women are the brightest and sweet-
; ent that ever dropped a sympathetio tear, It

did not therefore seem remarkable to any of
7 the people connected with the expedition that
‘ the first thing the teachers on the transports
did yesterday morning was to inquire as to
Mr. Frye’s health, as he had gone to bed itndis-
posed on Sunday night.

Two of the transports on which the teachers
spent the night were tied up : = —

r ea foot of acific efreet
Be rhe “Ae two were anchor
near the Statue of Liberty The women
were all on the Sedgwick and the Raw-
lina, and the men all on the McPher-
gon and the Crook. It ia very much oo thi
plan that the expedition has heen conductec
all summer, the idea having been to conform
as much as ible to Cuban ideas) Even at
Cambridge the meu and women were separated
as much as possible. It was partiy to give the
relatives and the lovers among the teachers
@ good time together in one grand mixed party

that the excursion to West Point was planned
There were lota of people in the

 

 

a vacation day.

The Taurus went down the bay to the Raw-
/ ling at 6o'clock in the morning. The young
a women who made up her company were not vet
through with ther breakfasts, but they were
most anx{ous to see the excursion boaton which
their long promised picnic day was to be sent
Wherefore they sulli‘d out on deck and ex-
cla med over the steamer and offered up pray-
ers with gestures expressing their gratitude
that the pleasure of an excursion on the boat
was to be permitted tothem Then they went
down and finished their breakfasts. They

athered on the decks and ehattered until the
, nterpreters came among therm and told them
4 to move over to the steamboat
{ The young women of Cuba_are fortunate
i! in the Interpreters they have found on these

 

States ely
0

of the student soldiers
dréss parade, which was conuuanded by Col.
Mills, there was not a murmur from the thou-
sand or more 8
request of the Harvard interpreters that evory-
bod
hin \
over a man teacher came running to Mr. Frye
and asked: “Is it permitted that we cry viva!

been discuss
had been taught to speak Spanish,
the fourth-year men had been considering the
sarue fact with much satisfaction,
and the teachers did pot
of one another, thanks to
the sentries carried out the officer's orders.
“Mucho throwdown,” murmured the cadets.
The girls loaked mystified but sym

away. Mr, Fryelaughed. “That ie what they
all call me,” he eaids thelr ‘Dadre?

The f vy up the river the ‘Tau went
the more frequent were the indications that
the Cubana were expected and wrepoome, Byer?
time a Ouban flag was seen as _Alloat,
thre was a rush of those on board the I aurug
for the rail, arnid loud shouts and shrieks of
“Cuba! Cuba! Cuba! Viva Cuba! Vivan Ameri-
canos!”

As the Taurus was passing the Tompkins,
Cove quarries the excursionists heard cheerin
ashore and @ couple of hundred people cou
be seen standing on the rubbish piles at the

uarries, waving their hate. They were
cheering s the Cubans made them out men
and women together danced up and down the
deck, pointing at the quarries. In another
miniite there wasacracking big explosion
Off to the left of the quarry a great volume o
brown dust rose into the air and spread out over
the hillside. Another dynamite blast followed,
nd another and another. The echoes of the

lasts were repeated far back in the hills. The
rush to the rail this time was such that the
steamer heeled until some of the women began

to show fright. A middle-aged Cuban began
to. push right left and shouted; “ie
ship is sinking.”

: Harvardcontingent showed quick com-
mo. and nerve iving vent to a loud
\poal at faughter’ 7 ubans hegan to laugh.

Ine or two women who had fainted were car-

ried into a stateroom to be revived, and al
was well again
nm the West Point wharf awaiting the ex-
were Col Mills, the cormander
of the Mii Academy, Mayor _ Bellinger
t One of Mr. Frye's as-
sigtants jum ashore and when the boat
was e fast he announced that by invita-
tion of the commandant the teachers were
invited to witness a aril} by the cadets. For
the second time in the history of the academy
the dress parade was to be held at any other
than the usual hour. Carriages were provided
for the women, but the men had to walk up
the hil. As the teachers passed off the boat
each one ocelved a@ circ printed {n Span-
ish which desoribed the buildings on the grounds
in the order in which the excuraioniste would
see them and told of the drill which woul
[ovlow. At the end of the circular was the
prormation that all West Point was at the
disposa] of the teachers,

Almogt before the visitora had reached the
edge of the parade ground the drums were
beating the ease bly for dress parade. ‘The
teachers swarmed along the edo of the field
and watched the formation of the cadets, corm-
ing by companies out of the camp streets,
Nothing they every saw of Spanish or United

evolutions in Cuba had are.
r such brilliant neatness as that

ared them
During the whole

ctators, except the occasional

would sit down in front to glve those be-
a chance to see the parade, When it was

tye

“Go ahead,” said the Superintendent,and

cheers rolled down the line, while the women
waved their handkerchiefs and mantillas
fans at

| Harvard men ca
ered in & kno
of the uriversity,ending it
The cadets formed out of the company streets
into the s;,ace just in front of thelines of tents
and made answer:

nd
the retreating lines of cadets. ‘The
ht the infection and guth-
barked out the ‘Long ren.

Point.”

an ,
with “West

Ray! Ray! Rey!
Rab-rab rah-rah-rah-ranl
West Point! West Point!
Cuba! Cubal Cubal

by Mr. Frye.

arty who had been friends and acquaintances Then they paid a similar compliment to the
for years who had not had a chance to have | Harvard men. The Cuban line could stand the
three friendly words together since they sailed | strain no longer. The teachers swept across
from Cuba. Yestarday they were all thrown | the parade ground upon the tents. A few sen-
together on the steamboat Tarus. Mr. Fry | tries sprang out to meet them and the rush was
called it a day of rest and of friendly visiting, | checked. But nothing could stop the cheering

river the € wbae give ped
ye cadets

All the wer up the
i
1 Poasibiy

« the fact that some of

The cadets
et within forty teet
erigid way inwhich

thetic.
The boat had been very siow in reaching

West Point and there was only time for the
teachets to visit Memoria! Hall before returning
The Taurus left West Point at 4 o’elock aud
madethe first of the transports at & o'clock.
The teachers reached the transports all ready
Seer’ their beds; (as soon as their dinners were
eaten).

They hoped for as good a time to-day,

. When they were in Cambridge a large

hi shor oe ol Sa ev aduate a riaanty ot Spanish | When they will travel through this elty from
\ n the university showed a praiseworthy desire | Grant '# tomb to the Battery, stopping for lunoh-
i te e of assistance to the visiting students of | eon in Central Park. Mr. Frye said yester-
the summer schoo Their services were | day that he thought that the visit of the teachers

accepted to the mutual edification of them- would do areat good here and in Cuba.
lvee and the women. It would not be fair The teachers,” he said, “have been enter-
for anv one to assume that the Harvard under. | tatned by the best familtes of Boston and Cam-
graduate {Interpreters and guides neglected | bridge. What they gained in that way was
the menteachers. But it has seemed to every- | of the utmost value, They have learned some
bod” who has watched the progress of the ex- Fnaiish and they have become remarkably
Send that the men have nm much more millar with our ideas and institutions. One,
able than the women to take careof themselves, | third of the teachers of Cuba are here. All but
? especially at moments when an. tnterpreter four towns tn the island are represented. Think
5 was in sight. Twenty-seven of the Harvard | what that means to Cuba! On the other hand,

men eame from Cambridge with the party

and made the trin to Washington with them.

All twenty-seven did what thay could to make

every man and every woman as confortable

as possthle all dav vesterday. While the young

unfveraity men did not seem to be tired by

} their labors, and while they strove to be im-

partial, it is quite evident that some of them

would be very sorry when the dave of their

voluntary service to the cause of Cuban edu-
cation should come to an end.

The Taurus went from the Rawlins to the

$yook and took on a load of men. teachers,

e chatter that broke forth on the steam-

fi boat's decks epusee Btaten idend ferry beat

passengers to look up from thelr newspapers

' and stare. The Cubans waved their handker-

; chiefs at the Staten Islanders and the news

1 yapers were waved in return. Between ferry

boats the pilgrims turned to the Bartholdt

atue and hailed the svinbol of liberty. The

‘aurus steamed across the bay and up behind

overnors Island through the Buttermilk
Channel to the foot of Pacific street. Tha
teachers had provided themselves plentifully

hem flut-

with Cuban flags, and numbers of
tered aon the crowded rau. It was almost
9 o’colok when the.gteamboat was ready to re-
calve the teachers from the Sedgewick and the
McPherson. They had been told to be ready
at 7 to go aboard. Having waited two houra
they were no longer ready. There was a great
tote when the Harvard men bustled among
them and uraed them to hasten. Among the
women the perturbation was particularly great,
The handbags came open with @ great snap-
ping of eclaspa. Out from them came powder
‘azs with which 300 faces were hastily dabbed,
he powder fell down over many shoulders,
g@athering there in streaks and lumps.
Many of the teachers are only 18 or
14 years old. It was remarked by one
who has been with them ever since they landed
inthe United States that a change has come
over some of the prettie t of the girls, who have
quite given up the recklessness with pow-
jer which first characterized them. The 700
women range in complexion. from the
fairest blondes to the black of the negro.
a color line |s drawn, itis not apparent to the
casual observer
The steamboat swung out from the plerin
dune time and heeled far over tothe Brooklyn
shore as the teachers crowced to the side to
wave farewell. to the three hundred or more of
their number who had chosen to remain in the
eity during the day instead of going to West
Polnt. Asif it had been arranged for the occa-
ion the sail ne of the Ward liner Segu anca de-
aved he Taurus forafew minute. in getti ¢
away from the Brookiyn pier, The Seguranca |
was going to Cuba. It was not two minutes
from the time v hen her name, printed on her |
bow, became visible to the teachers before every
man andwoma” on theexcursion was acquainted
with the steamship's destination and a few |
tears, that were so few as tosugg #t that they
were perfunctory, were shed. As the steam-
; boat went up theriverevery ferryboat captain
; felt it ‘ineumbent upon him to exoend a few
| pounds of steam in welcoming the excursion,
and there was much blowing of whisties. The
Cuban flags fluttering from the rail fuliv adver-
tised the identity of the excursionists, who
cheered in response to these greetings. The
Taurus was way down In the water, first on one
side and then on the other, as her passengers
rushed across the decks in response to excited
announcements from the more impressionable
of the teachers as to the nature of the sights to
: he seen on either hand Again an' again the
i pining men of Harvard were called upon to ex-

2 a nee

plain just what the tall buildings were used for
and that they were owned by private individu-
alpand not by the Government,

e steamboat stopped at a Jersey Central
plier at Communipaw, where 1,250 lunch boxes
were taken aboard. Each box was about as
large as two ordinary bricks, and each con-
ta ned three sandwiches, one tongue, one ham
and one roast beef, a banana and a hard-boiled
egcandasiiceof cake. A hundred ga lons of
coffee were also loa ed on. Six musicians came
aboard and the excursion went on its way,
} Down in the cabin a little group of teachers had
f been producing music without professional as-
sistance. Two men had guitars and six or seven
women were in age: i-circle around them sing-
ing. With the coming of the professional mu-
siclans the people in the ‘abin ran to the for-
ward deck and pulled their camp chairs a close
a possible tothe music. Ti en they beat time.

h> littl flurry of rain had passed by the

ee

 

rat time the Taurus was abreast of the Palisades.
The girls who had been sitting with their eamp
x chairs against the smokestack on the hurrican

- deck hiteh d their chaira away and foaned

their customary freedom o enthus astic ex-
pression. There w os siwaysaline of teac’ ers
Standing at the right of Mr. Frye, awa ting the
chance tospeak t him. He translated some of
the things they had to say for him for the bene-
| Ot of TAR SUN reporter.

bf “They say.’ he said, “that each new thing
they see ls more wonderful and more beautiful
than the last. Thereare not any superlatives
Jefttothem. All they can do is to wave their
hand and cry ‘viv. s,'"’

Mr. Frye called a timid-looking child of 14
from @ ‘ampstool forward and held her
hand while he assured the reporters that she
was one of the bost teachers in Cuba. He
translated what he had said to the young
woman, who ducked her head coyly and wig-
gled. Thereupon Mr. Frye patted her cheek
apd araured her that it war Overy word true

e looked at the stranger doubtfully, po
to Mr. Frye and said Mi padre."* 7 owe

Then she blushed, giggied some more and ran

w

we

   

iain aiidee

they are an exhibit
sort of people
taught meer, Americans some new ideas about
the populat

, Justice Vitzzerald of the Bupreme

to Americans of what
Cuba produces and they have

on of Cuba,”

 

ASSAULT IN A FREIGHT YARD.

 

Railroad Detective Farrington Beaten and

Nearly Killed by Robbers.
Thomas Farrington, a Pennsylvania Railroad

detective employed at the Waldo avenue freight
yard, Jemey City, was found in the yards with
his skull fractured on Sunday night.
jury had deprived him of the power of speech.
He was taken to the City Hospital, where he

became
proce of the fractured skull pressed upon the

The in-

unconscious, It was found that a

rain and yesterday the operation of trepanning

was successfully performed though there ts little
hope of saving Farrington's life
recovered consciousness he said he had detected
two men robbing a freight car and when he
undertook to arrest them one of them knocked
him down with a stone.
scription of the men

When he

He could give no de-

 

A Writ That Weighs Twenty Pounds.
Hartrorp, Conn, Aug. 20.~A suit return-

able to the United States district court tn this
city has put into circulation one of the most
unique legal documents ever seen in the State.

The suit is brought against the Holmes, Booth

& Havydens Company, of Waterbury, by Wil-
Nam H. McGill of New York,

wrongful use of the word “patented” on an
article which has not been patented. The
writ weighs twenty pounds and is In the form
of a bound volume as bi
abridged dictionary
plaints for $190 each. atotal of $254,000. There
are 2.545 printed pages.
the complainant gets one-half of the damages
recovered.

alleging the

big as a Webser’s un-
It contains 2.540 com-

If the suit is won

 

Leock-Stab Check Company Assigns.
The Jock-Stub Check Company of 126 Sixth

avenue made an assignment yesterday to

William H. Church, the deed being signed
by Jefferson Church as President. The com-
pany manufactured paper checks and stamps
en dies tor use in hotels and restaurants,
t was incorporated on May 20, 1807, in New
Jersey with a capital stock of $150,000, and had
branches in. Boston and Chicago, William
H. Chureh, the assignee, obtained leave from
Court to
file a provisional bond of $10,000 In order to
continue the business.

 

Telegraph Wires Down itn Japan.

The cable companies have issued the fo)-
lowing notice:

“Inundations In Japan have seriously crip-
pled the telegraph service of that country.

Nagasaki reports that only one line is workin
alternately with Tokio, Yokohama and Kobe,
and that very slowly. One line to Osaka hus
pose restored. | messages are subject to
eavy delay.”

 

13-Hoar Day to Keep Up With the Work,

ALTOONA, Pa., Aug 20.—Orders have been
posted in all departments of the locomotive
shops of the Pennsylvania Railroad in this city
and Juniata for a thirteen-hour day, beginning
to-day. There are ordersinfor new engines
sufficient to keep the 5,000 employees of these
departmenta busy until January and other

okings are looked for, This is a state of af-
are unprecedented in the history of the loval

ops.

Milled in a Barn Wrecked by a Storm.

HAVRE DR Gkacr, Aug. 20.—Havre de Grace
was inthe path of one of the severest hail-
storms that wasever known Ip this region last
evening. About .our mils from town, no
Webster, Mr Crawford Thompson's barn was
blo nto pieces. His son Hugh was in the barn
ft the time and was amothered ‘o death by : e-
ne covered with .00 busteis of wheat which
were stored inthe barn. Many other barns were
also destroyed

 

Nffanys Win Prizes at Paris.

Tiflany & Co. received a cablegram from
Paris yesterday announcing that the firm had
received three grand prizes and three gold and
three silver medals for its exhivits at the Expo-

taiot Paras bad avpstnied fc ita sch

a appolin the fir
sliversmiths to his Imperial Majesty. oe O24
counmentalienmeamtcemnnpnts

Georgia's Cotton Crop Short,

ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 20. The Hon. O. B.
Stevens, Commissioner of Agriculture for
Gecrgia, in his report just made public esti-

mates the cotton crop of Georgia this year at

055,000 bal ainst 1,
aes previous’ ue ” 1,206,800, the average of

is Ms
nee

;

, , .

a 58"

ho

J ete Rt ELL APTI PF

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.
CLAY FOR FLUSHING'S ROADS. * NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

JUDGE WALLACE EXPLAINS.

COMES TO TOWN ESPECIALLY TO MAKE
STATEMENT IN THE NEELY CASE.

 

Defends His Own Action ta Holding Up the
Extradition Proceedings and Exonerates
the Prisoner's Counsel of Unprefessional
Conduct-Pays His Compiiments to Judge
Lacombe Who Had Criticised His Action.

The disagreement between Judges Wallace
and Lacombe of the United States Circuit
Court over the Neely ease became more marked
yesterday when Judge Wallace came down
from his home in Albany to make @ statement
from the bench vindicating Neely’s attorney,
John D. Lindsay, from imputations of unpro-
fessional conduct in connection with the case
and to explain his own action in allowing the
appeal to the United States Supreme Court
from his denial of the application for a writ
of habeas corpus. In denying the application
Judge Wallace remanded the prisoner to Mar-
shal Henkels's custody pending thatappeal,
and a request of United States. District
Attorney Burnett for the vacation of the
order of arrest was refused and an appeal al-
lowed on a new application for a writ of habeas
corpus, which was prepared by Mr. Lindsay
in accord with Judge Wallace's suggestions
and then denied, in order that the Supreme
Court may have more complete data upon
which to act when the matter comes before it

on appeal.

When the court opened yesterday Judge
Wallace came to the point immediately. He
began by saying: “Inasmuch as Mr. Lindsay,
counsel for Neely, upon whose application the
order Issued by me was made, has been sub-
jected to what I regard as unmerited criti-
clsm by the observations in Judge Lacombe’s
opinion delivered in public from the bench
I have deemed it my duty in disposing of the
matter to see to it that Mr. Lindsay's profes-
sional conduct shall be cleared from all stain
of reproach and be vindicated as correct and
laudable, so far as the expression of my opinion
will effect that result.”

Judge Wallace then reviewed the proceed-
ings in the case leading up to the decision ren-
dered by Judge Lacombe on Aug. 9, in which
he sald: “The evidence shows probable cause
to belleve the prisoner is guilty of an offence
under the act of June 6, 1900, and which ts also
a violation of the criminal laws in force In Cuba,
and upon such evidence he vill be held for
extradition, On Aug. 9, Mr, Lindsay, as coune
sel for Neely, made the application to me for
the writ of habeas corpus, The petition al-
leged that Neely was unlawfully restrained
of his liberty by the marshal in the extradition
proceeding, the act of Congress upon which
the proceeding was taken being unconstitue-
tional and void. If Mr. Lindsay's contentio
of the unconstitutionality of the act was soun
he re fully justified in making the application
and If he believed that his proposition was
fairly gopatabie he would have been ‘lerelict
in his duty to his client if he had neglected to
do so. By no other proceeding could he have
obtained a review of the decision of Judge
Lacombe, The office of a habeas corpus
is to test the constitutionality of the petitioner's
detention,

‘It lg the imperative duty of the court or
Judicial officer to whom the petition ia ad-
dressed to entertain the petition and pass upon
it. In a case like the present, where the writ
is denied, the petitioner is entitied, as a matter
of right and not of discretion, to a review of
that decision by the Supreme Court of the
United States When the petition was pre-
sented to me I was advised that it had already
been presented to Judge Lacombe, and he had
suggested that as he had already decided the
question in controversy adversely to the pe-

the application had better be made
to some other of the Judges competent to en-
tertain it It t# eonceded that he did make
that suggestion. I denied the writ, being of
the same opinion as Judge Lacombe in regard
to the constitutionality of the statute. Rs I
have said, the petitioner waa entitled to an ap-
peal; it was my duty to allow it: I did allow it
and upon its allowance the petitioner was en-
| m in the custody
ng the decision of

titloner

titled to an order leaving
where he already was, pend!
the Supréme Court

“Judge Lacombe haa intimated in the optnion
referred to thut the zeal of the prisoner's coun-
sel has produced an unprecedented complica
tion, and that the anneal to the Supreme ourt
will probably be dismissed on the grounds that
it was premature. That opinion seems to have
been predicfed upon the view that Neely had
not been restrained of his liberty inthe extra-
dition proceedings.”

Here Judge Wallace quoted at length from
Judge Lacomope's opinion, in which {t was re-
festediy stated that the prisoner was held by
he marshal under the order of urrest in the
efvil suit and not In the proceedings taken
under the act of June 6, 1900, Judge Wallace
then continued:

“Whether the Judge has made an order com-
mitting him or authorizing his holding ts a
question quite aside the point f Neely was
in custody of the marshal under the warrants
of the extradition proceedings, he waa re-
strained of his liberty. If the prisoner {s in
charge of an officer who haa a warrant author-
{zing his detention, it is quite immaterial what
pre the other facts of the situation, A prisoner
ls not in court In view of the law unless he hen
been brought there by legal process. Until
the warrants were issued and served, the
whole proceeding was in the air, and notwith-
standing the prisoner may have been in the
presence of Judge Lacombe when the hearing
was held and the witnesses were examined,
all that took place waa a solemn farce. If he
hecause the marshal
brought him there under process {In some
other proceedings, my brother Lacombe
was merely holding a moot court, and his
pronouncement would have had no more effect
as a legal decision than if {t had been made
yy the United States Attorney or even a boot-

lack upon the corner of the street.”

NO AMBULANCE TO BE HAD,

was present merely

Magistrate Kramer, Criticises the Flatbush
Hospital Management.

Charlies Bishop, a homeless German, 68 years
old, was arraigned before Magistrate Kramer
in the Lee avenye police court, Williamsburg,
Sunday, on the charge of vagrancy. The man
was scarcely able to stand and the Magistrate
asked him what the trouble was. Bishop
told him his right leg was affected with gan-
arene and a cancer and that the pain was driv-
ing him almost insane.

The Magistrate directed a clerk to telephone
to the Flatbush hospital for an ambulance.
The reply came back that Bishop should be
sent to that institution from the court on a

trolley car. Magistrate Kramer declined to
do this and when he began to remonstrate
he was told that an ambulance would be sent,

Half an hour later word was received by
telephone from the hospital that the ambu-
lance river was absent and there was no way
by which the vehicle coulda besent. The Mag!<-
trate communicated with the Superintenc ent
of the Eastern District Hospital and induced
him for the sake of humanity to disregard the

rules and regulations of that institution which |

prohibit the ambulance from going out of the
1ospital district and permit Bishop to be taken
in an ambulance fram that hospital to the
Flatbush. Before this was accomplished
Bishop had suffered torture for more than
two hours in the court room.

Magistrate Kramer yelerday everely oriti.
cised the action of the Flatbush hospital offie-
jals and sai. he was consicering whether to
lay the matter before the Charities Board.

 

KNOCKED OUT A POLICEMAN,

Bat a Family Terror Looked as if He'd
Passed Through a Threshing Machine Later.

George Rodney of 421 West Twenty-sixth
street, looking as if he had passed through a
threshing machine, was arraigned before Mag-
istrate Hogan in the Jefferson Market police
court yesterday charged with beating his ets.
ters and mother and, incidentally, with knock-
ing out Policernan James Meade, who attempted
to arrest him on Sunday night Meade went to
the hospital with abroken kneecap, and it was
all two brothet officers could do to subdue Rod-
ney with clubs, fists and feet

May Rodney made the complaint against her
brother. She said that he would not work,
that he took from her sister and herself half their
earnings to spend for drink, and that when he
could not get enough money he beat them un-
mercifully.

“Yes, | tump ‘em when I can't get the dough,”
said Rodney.

Magistrate Hogan held him in $390 ball for
further examination

ee

He Had a Fit at a Window and Fell to His
Death,

Gaetano Raffo, 17 years old, yesterday morn-
ing while looking o t of the second-story win-
dow of his home at 1645 Downing street, fell
to the sidewalk, sustaining inj gr s of which
he died in St, Vincent's Hospital, His twelve-

eur-old brother Tony grabbed him by the
egs ua he tottered on the window sill and tried
to pal him back into the room, but was too
weuk.

Receiver for the Pekin.

Justice Freedinan in the Supreme Court yea-
terday appointed Benno Lewinson receiver
for the Pekin saloon, hotel and restaurant at
145 West Thirty-fifth street on the application
of Frank D. Ames in a suit brought » him

R. Harley

 

net Wilbur T. Ames and b
fixed the bond in teow )°”*

 

| railbirds,

 

Supt. Cornell Says the Department Will Not
Furnish Stone Screenings.

In Flushing, L. L., in the Third ward of the
borough of Queens, Supt. William 1. Cornell
of the Department of Uighways 1s compelled
to steal or beg material with which to repair
the macadam highways.

Last week a heavy storm washed the streets
and highways very badly, Mr. Cornell re-

aired them by putting on clay, This clay
ecame sticky from the raina, stuck to the feet
of pedestrians and was thrown upon the clothes
of those riding in carriages, It clogged the
wheels of bicyclists so that they had to dis-
mount_at. frequent Intervals and scrape the
mud off the tires so they could proceed, The
oreiaens made many protests and a committee
tl

wait upon Mr. Cornell to learn the reason
why the fine driveways were turned into mud
roads. Mr. Cornell informed the committee

that over «ix weeks ago he sent to the Depart-
ment of Highways of Queene borough a requi-
sition for bluestone screenings and sand with

which to woperly make necessary repairs.
This was the aat of several similar requests,
but none of them had been honored. He has

not received a single cartload of material for
months. fe has been compelled to goabout
the ward and steal or beg from property own-
ers whatever he could get to put on the streeta,
No one will give the city any sand, so he has
o,get clay where excavations are being made.
he citizens were indignant at this neglec
of the city. The fine macadam highways o
the ward, which cost over $500,000, are going
pieces. Mr. Cornell was also asked hi
did not cut the weeds on the back streeta. He
Bid he had only two ory ines with which to
work about forty miles of highway.

 

TAKEN FROM A BURNING MINE,
Three Miners Lose their Lives at Mahaney
City—Rescus of Many Mules.

Manmanoy City, Pa, Aug. 20. — Exoltement
prevails here over a fire in a slope of the Lehigh
Valley's Primrose colliery. The town's foroe of
fire fighters, after the discovery of the flames,
were successful yesterday in taking out nineteen
of the sixty-three mules in the mine, There ts
every reason to believe that those remaining in
the mine have been smothered. The bodies of
George Tomkess, William Tomkess and Charles
lrius were recovered jast night.

Thus far but litte headway has been made
toward extinguishing the flames. A large fanis
now being placed in positjon to clear the slope
of the smoke, thus enabling the fire fighters to
work with safety,

Many of the officers were on the ground
to-day, and it has about been decided to seal
the part of the workings in which the fire
is raging. By flooding this part of the mine
it Is hoped to extinguish the flames. Should
it be found impossible to do this, it will be neces-
wary to flood the entire mine.

This would require the suspension of opera-
tions for almost a year and would mean en-
forced idleness for 600 men and boys
The Lehigh Valley Coal Company recently
rebuilt the breaker at Primrose, besides making
other extensive improvements, and the fire
at this time will mean an enormous expendi-
ture and loss

POLLEY CONFESSES JUDGMENT,

 

 

Former Treasurer of the Hoffman House Owes
James D. Leary 627,588.

Grahams Polley confessed judgment yester-
day for $27,588 in favor of James D. Leary, for
money loaned at various times from May 9,
1887, to July 29, 1900, of which $12,404 was loaned
since Jan. 1 of this year. Mr, Polley has been

‘reasurer of the Hoffman House corporation
or the grat three years. On Jai. 17, 1808,
Fdward 8. Stokes obtained a iitarpent against
him for $30,679, the result of litigation grow!
out of the sale of Hoffman House stock, an
the judgment is still unsatisfied on the docket
in the County Clerk's office.

When asked about the confession of judg-
ment last night Mr. Polley said: “Oh, It's a
misunderstanding; I'll see Leary,” and that’s
all he would say

It is understood that Mr. Polley’s suocessor

as treasurer of the company is D. J. Leary
son of the man in whose favor he has confessed
judgment.

 

MISS PACKARD RELEASED.

Her Brother-tn-Law, Dr. Wilkinson, to Be
Sent Back to Dover, Del,

ATLANTA, Ga, Aug 20—Miss Josephine
Packard, the Dover girl who eloped with Dr.
IL. M. Wilkinson, her brother-in-law, was re-
Jeased to-day, and with her mother will prob-
ply leave town to-morrow. Wilkinson is to
ne taken back to Dover and proseouted on
some charge not concerning the elopeiment.
From the conversation of each it seems prob-
ble that they are adopting this course aa the
est way out of the situation, and that when
affaira become straightened they will rejoin
each other.

 

 

Raceabouts Receiving Special Preparation for
the Fall Regattas.

The contests in the raceabout olaas this sea-
son have been remarkably close and in many
of the races the leaders have only been sep-
arated by seconds. The Scamp, Johnaton
de Forest's boat, is leading in the champion-
ship contest by a very small margin, and in
the fall races there is promise of even keener
contesis, H. M. Crane's yacht, the Raider,
has been very much improved since her first
Face, and during the Larchmont week shewon
the series cup bn points. The Raider did not
win a race, but was second so many times that
ale scored more points in the series than the
boats that finished first in the races. Mr.
Crane thinks that the boat can be still further
improved and several silght changes have
been made that he hopes will make her faster,
The Raider was hauled out at Abraham's yard
at Cold Spring Harbor last week and the lead
fin and under body smoothed and painted. The
Scamp, too, has been hauled out at this yard,
and by the time of the race next Saturday
these boats will be in fine shape. The other
yachts in this class have also received atten-

fon and will bein better trim than in the races
failed early in the season.

The Huguenot YachtClub willstart the racing
again in this section with an open regatta
for classes fifty-one feet and under, to be sulled
next Saturday, The courses for the regatta
ure off New Rochelle, the starting line bein
off the eustern end of Huckleberry Islanc
on which island the Regatta Committee wil
inake its headquarters oar in the morning.
Entries for the race should be made to FE
Hanford Sturges ut New Rochelle. On Satur-
day, Sept 3, the Larchmont, Indian Harbor
und Sewanhaka Corinthian Yacht elubs will
have regattas and on Labor Day the Laroh-
mont Yacht Club will sail its fall regatta on
the Sound and the Atluntio Yucht Club down
the bay.

McGovern Answers Jordan.

Ben Jordan, the English pugilist, who arrived
on Saturday from London to meet Terry Mo
Govern, will in all probability have to return
to his native land without fighting the Brooklyn
wonder. MoGovern has a number of theat-
rical engagements on at present and says
that it will be impossible for him to tackle Ben
before the first of this month, Sam Harris,
MeGovern's manager, who is now in Phila-
delplia, writes as follows to Tur Sun;

“Lam sorry to state that it will be impossible
for McGovern to meet Ren Jordan hefore the
first of September, as his theatrical engage-
ments will not allow it. It seems strange that
Jordan did not come over here several tnonth.
ago and arrange @ match, and not wait unti
the last moinent. Eyerybody seen to be
hurling challenges at McGovern now, as they
are aware that he has his hands tied and cannot
fi nt owing to his contracts on the road. Other-
wise they would never have n heard from.”
Sam further states that if Jordan will agree to
meet Eddie Santry_of cago, who met and
defoated him at the Lenox A. C. last year, Terry
will canoe] one of dates and face Jordan,

 

rovided the latter whips Santry.

that {f Jordan defeats Gantry he will inuace
diately post orfelt of 85,000 and arrange a
contest for McGovern with elther Jordan,

Gans or Flaherty the next day.

 

Kenny Refases to Fight ‘Denver’! Fd Martin
at the Hercules.

Yank Kenny, Fitzsimmons's former sparring
partner, was booked to fight “Denver” Ed
Martin twenty-five rounds at the Hercules A. C.
last night, The men got into the ring at
11 o'clock, but no gloves could be found to fit
menny ta auatier § .
gloves big enough for Kenny were dug up,
Kenny then refused to fight. m NB

The referes awarded the bout to Martin by
default. This did not satisfy the crowd of
4,000 people and 4 distur ance an-eared {m-
minent ‘he police jumpediuto the ring and
quieted matters down.

I theprelim.nar bouts Kid Meade of New
York knocked out Red Creamer of Brooklyn
in the third round and Joe Parker of Brooklyn
got the decision over Fred Wright after ten
rounds at 126 pounds

 

Preparations for the Fatarity.

The buzz of preparation for the great Futurity
race has already set in at Sheepshead Bay, and
timers, owners and_ trainers
were on the vive yesterday, The
only notable oandidate for the be classic
worked out was the Keene colt
Olympian with Spencer u He romped
six furlongs in 1:15. C. Pleischmann’'s Sons
Irritable had his trial in the second running of
the Grand Union Hotel stakes, at Saratoga,
and made a very disappointing effort. The real
soos wil cpme on, eee end Thursday,

e ere w ea possibility of sizi
the merits o' contenders for heturday! ~

ast 12 an old pair of |

 

DISRUPTION THREATENED IN THB
LEAGUE OF AMERICAN WHEELMEN.

The New York State Division Officers Meet
and Decide Not to Submit to Being Wiped
Out-Secession Talked Abonat-Opposition
Said to Be Aimed at “One-Man Power."

There was a potential amount of action In
the main branch of the League of American
Wheelmen yesterday, of the kind that leads
to Insurrection and secession. It was taken
by the officers of the New York State Division,
the largest in the organization. After the
meeting of the executives yesterday it was
evident that a crisis is at hand between the
New York Siate Division and those who con-
trol the national organization. New York
State has been in undemonstrative rebellion
for a couple of years.
with the national assembly. It was too power-
ful. The whole situation is akin to a national
political convention in which the strongest State
fs unpopular.

The present trouble, which is serious enough
to disrupt the League if peace be not made,
hinges upon the proposal to abolish the State
divisions and crystallize the organization in a
national executive body. The hitch in the
Constitutional Revision Committee caused by
this proposition was recently noted in Tus
BUN. The attitude of New York State toward
it was then forecast, That attitude was plainly
declared yesterday to be one of secession rather
than submission,

It all ocourred at a regularly called meeting
of the officers held late in the afternoon at the
offices of the State division, at 192 Nassau street.
There were present Chief Consul Milo M.
Belding, Seoretary-Treasurer John F. Clarke,
George ©. Pennell, W. M. Meserole, John B.
Uhle and C. J. Obermayer. It was made very
plain in the course of the discussion that the
rebellion was due to the belief that the secre-
tary of the national organization, Abbott Bas-
sett, of Boston, was seeking to concentrate the
organization in Boston and himself. This
sentiment was freely expressed during the
takk and there was a startling unanimity and
emphasis to the effect that he should not suc-
oeed. This is substantially what Chief Consul
Belding said to a reporter of THe SuN after the
meeting:

“You may eay that from information received
from various sources the officers of the New
York State Division L. A. W. have been led to

believe that there is a movement on foot to
Wipe out the present plan of government and
to make the League @ one-man organization,
to be controlled from Boston. We are bitterly
end unalterably oppo: to this. The United
States Government is founded upon individual
States. This arrangement creates State pride
and State prosperity, With the State pride
and entiusiasin wi out the efforts of the
feague of American Wheelmen, which are now
uccessful, would be barren of results, t be-
leve that if the State divisions were abolished
New York State, which now has more than
six thousand members, would not by next April,
the time for annual renewal, have more than
four or five hundred members, One point l want
to emphasize is this- {it would be impossible to
et State legislation of the sort we now obtain,
stich as the Bicycle Baggage luw, the Collins
Unitorm Ordinance law and the Sidepath law,
if there was no State leadership and the
workers here were simpl privates
in an organization having its headdu rters
in another State. _We would cut a sorry figure
at Albany asking for anything if we had no or-
ganization in the State, but were only scatterin
followers of a Boston boss. We are satisfied,
also that if there is to be a national headquarters
tt should be in New York, where tin bulk
of {nternational business is done, which ts the
arwest city in the country, and which is nearer
{o the centre of the League's membership than
Roston. The headquarters should not be
pushed away from the centre of population,
he centre of membership and the centre o

activity, On these principles we stand.
ay hermore, we are bold enough to declare
that if it comes to a question of abolishing the

State division or the national body, we would
favor the wiping out of the national organiza-
tion and letting the separate States continue their
organization. You can read between the lines
{in that statement, I guess. We tool no action
because no action has yet been taken by the
national body, but we formulated our plans of
action, The movement proposed means a one-
man organization, andif the question of one-man
rile ts brought up it will precipitate a discussion
that will be disastrous even if the movement is
unsuccessful.”

The remarks made by the Chief Consul are
significant, but more go to those familiar with
the workings of the L. A. W., than they are
apt to be to the rank and file. As has been
suggested, there is much of politics in the
trouble. Abbott Baasett of Boston has been
Sooretary, of the national body for aboutten
years. Hia salary is $3,000 a year. He holds
office pouring good behavior,” or in other
words has 4 life tenure. Ino order to run their
respective organizations a certain amount of
the annual income of the League is allotted
to the State divisions. It is 85 cents of every
$1 received from membership dues, 40 cents
going to the national treasury and 25 cents
to the publishers of the official monthly organ.
If the State divisions were abolished there
would be no money allotted to Btate organi-
vations and all the money would pass through
the hands of the Secretary, a man nearly 60
years of age, who has been doing the routine

work and has been a power in League politics
for many years tween Bassett and
the powerful leaders of New York State
there has long been friction, The

representation in the National Assembly is
based upon membership, and the make-up
of the legislative body fs similar to that of a
national political convention, New York has
been powerful and dictatorial and for a couple
of years it has been Ha me to beat New
York" with the “bosses” of the Assembly.
The situation suggests the beginning of
the trouble of 1899 when the N.C. A. was formed
to divorce racing from the League. Tug SUN
reporter suggested to a group of officers after
the meeting that perhaps if the national body
ecided to abolish divisions New York would
eciine to be abolished and continue independ-
euuly, The reply, made with tone and manner
of affirmation, was: “Well, the answer to
that ought to be plain enough from what we
have raid
New York, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts
are the three leading States in the lL. A. W. in
voint of membership, with New Jerey fourth,

New York has 6,146 members, Pennsylvania,
6,825, and Massachusetts, 6,266. Since last
April the New York State division has lost

fewer members than any other division, the
figures of the leaders being: New York, 1,974
lost; Pennsylvania, 3,758 lost; Massachusetta,
2,220 lost

In spite of the fact that New York is the
largest and most influential State, ite delegates
and officers have been so crowded to the wall
by political combinations for the past two
years that the State has had practically nothing
to say in the national management.

 

Miss Jane C, Yatman, who atarted fro
the New York City Hall at 8:80 o'clock si
night to ride to Chicago, did not make Albany
on her achedule time because of the heavy
roads encountered, She got as far as Red
Hook, forty miles this side of Albany and there
stopped. She was confident, though, of mak-
ing, yp and finishing within her wchedule time,
which calla for 115 milew a day, She ia due in
Chicago next Tuesday. Miss Yatman is @
member of the Century Road Club and last year
rode seven centuries continuously She {s not
attempting to make a@ distinctly new record on
this ride, but only a “reoord for women.”

Twenty-one clubs were represented at the

orn of the Associated Cycling Clubs of
Love sland, held at Bader's on the Coney

sland cycle path last night. The associetion
indorsed the plan of Park Commissioner Brower
to bulld a park and bathing pavilion atthe end
of the Boulevard at Coney Island, Attention
was called to the dangerous condition of the
Coney Isiand end of the Boulevard and it
was suggested that the Commissioner might
devise a plan for the building of a plaza there
similar to the one at the southern entrance of
Prospect Park. Travelis so congested at that
point that some improvement is necessary. The
delegates reporte. that the motormen were not
observing the aw relating to the cars atoppir,
at the a-phalted crossings. Theannouncemen
that Second avenue was to be asphaited from
Thirty-eighth to Fifty-eighth street was re-
ceived with enthusinsm. This will make a new
connection with the Shore drive. The Race Com-
mitt-e reported that the liveliest interest ia be-
ing taken inthe oney Island Handicap which
will be con‘ucted by the association on the
Cycle Path on Labor Day. Twenty-seven
prizes have already heen donated and more are
expected. The prizes include bicyoles, dia-
monds, rincs of various sorts. watches, oll
pain ngs and guns, Toe following clubs have
donated prizes, Unknown Wheelmen, Bush-
wick Wheelmen, Gr ater New York Wheelmen
Dean Cycle Club, Prospect Wheelman, Urit
Wheelmen,  Twenty-sixth, Ward Wheelmen,
Montauk Wheelmen and Williamsburg Wheel-
men,

Peter Maher Wins on a Foul,

TRENTON, Aug. 20.—Peter Maher of Ire
land defeated “Klondike” of Chicago in
five rounds ona foul at the Tren-
ton Athletio Club to-night. The battle
ended in a rough-and-tumb|
Up to the fifth round it was @ hot aght S;
Chicago man making a surprisingly good
showing, In the concluding round Maher
landed =a couple of right-hand bodv

punches that hurt “Klondike,” wh

eo Foust peters. Any r Maher was Riven te
oor five tunes Referee whurst

— against “Kiondike.”’ a

if Tere i bis ee ty ae
ae we le oes Che TAPES oss

licen nahn ahnadatinememmedll

|
}
i

|

It has been unpopular |

 

HAVE YOU TRIED

Every method of dress fastening and found some drawback to
each? Now try the

“SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900.

Closed by a Touch.

It is a strong, simple hook and eye.

Opened by a Pull.
Easy to sew on and use,

A whole row opened by a short, quick twitch.
“THE SNAP DOES !T."
If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents for a sample
card. Say whether white or black.
SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 B’way,N. Y. City.

Gossip OF THE BIG FIGHT,
Fits and Sharkey Hard at Work--The Cornish-
man Will Fight Corbett Agato.

After a good reat on Sunday, former champion
Bob Fitzsimmons did a bard day's work yester-
day. The Cornishman punched the bag, boxed
and skipped the rope. The big boxer arose at
7 o'clock and had his customary shower bath.
Then be took atrial atthe weights, and used
the dumbbells until his arms were tired. After
breakfast be went on the road fora five-mile
run, He took his time, and did not return to lis
training camp until about 10 o'clock. Then he
hada rub down and rested until dinner. After
this meal Bob's real test of endurance began In
the gymnasium on the boardwalk at Bergen

Beach.

Lanky Bob went at the bag the first thing.
Fitz lashed and stnashed the ball as viciously as
he could, and at times the whole outfit was in
imminent danger of being demolished. Then he
puton the gloves with Bob Armstrong and Jeff
Thorne, He gave the pair all the exercise they
wanted and when he finished was quite fresh.
A bout on the mat with Prof. Atlas, the wrestler,
followed. ‘The two wentatitfor all they were
worth and Fit% showed both strength and ekill
and wrige@led quickly out of many dangerous
holds. His work was enough to tire five ordi-
nary men, ut Fitz stood it well and was
anxious to continue, After a nap and supper
Fitz went on the road again and ran to Bath
Beach and back.

Now that the chances of egtting on a fight
with Jim Jeffries seem to be decidedly slim
Fits says he is going after Jim Corbett. “H
made a few disparaging cracks about me,” said
the Cornishman, ‘‘and Tam going to hil back
athim. I was never afraid of any one aud I'm
sure that Corbett cannot scareme. If Corbet
is really in earnest he can be accommodate
with a match provided his succesful inlaying
Kid Mev oy low. I will Gght him at Carson City
toa finish for a good round sum on the out-
side, say $5,000 to $10,000, That ougut to hold
him fora while, I think.” ;

Tom Sharkey, who is doing his training at
Sheepshead Bay, has a novel way of gettin
into condition. He believes in doing @ lot 9
boxing and (ndulges in daily tilts of four rounds
each with five different men. Matty Matthews,
the welterweight, is Bharkey's principal part- |
ner, Sh rkey also had an essay with (he ball
yesterday. e does not do any pesos, in front
of the bag, Hesimply goes at it as though it
were an imaginary opponent. The Sailor
covered about ten miles on the road
and when he returned he was thvrougliy
rubbed down with coarse towels and witch- |
hagel. Sharkey'’s meals are prepared by his
sister, who recently arrived from Ireland. Toin
eats only plain food, He says that it seryesto

erfeot his wind andgive bimetrength. He ia
n fine trim, judging from bis looks and ac-
tions.

Several of the local eports have already made
bets on the result and Fitgsimmons is fin |

 

favorite at 2 to 1, Johnny Considine, Jim
Corbett’s partner, ls williax to take the short
end and back the ex-tar for $2,000. The news
that the date of the Gent. hed been enpnare
rain to Aug. 24 was gratefully recely y
sporte yest Thy think that the attend-
|

ris yesterday.
seen © than if decided on Futurity

anoe will be larger
day.

 

JEFFRIES STILL UNREASONABLE.

 

Demand for a 65,000 Forfeit From Fits or
Sharkey Not Generally Considered Fair.
The demand made by the manager of Cham-
pion Jeffries that either Fitsvimmons or Shar-
key should post a forfeit of $5,000, to be col-
lected by the boilermaker in case he does not
get on a fight with one of those pugilists a week
after their battle at Coney Island next Friday

night, appears to be unreasonable in the esti-
To post such

mate of leading sporting men.
a forfeit and then lose it because of an accident

in the ring or injuries resulting from their en-
counter is asking too much of Fite and Shar-
key, and considerable adverse criticism has
been levelled at Jeffries because of the demand.
Tuk SUN has already pointed out thatif Jefiries
really wants to indulge in a fight with the win-
ner of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey mill, it is only
necessary for him to wait until next Saturday
or Monday, when he may definitely learn
whether he will have a fight on his hands or not.
From what both Fits and Sharkey say now,
both are willing, in case of victory next Friday,
to fight Jeffries, but of course their physical |
condition after that event must cut quite a |
figure, tis more of a burden for either Fitz or
Sharkey to Rant again within a week thao it is |
for Jeftries, who hasn't been in the ring since he |
whipped Corbett several monflis ago. King
followors know this full well and they say that
the conditions lately named by the champion
are not what they should be, ;

As a matter of fact, a fight between Jeffries
and the winner of the Fitz-Sharkey event a
week after the oper has produced 0, etinite |
result appears to presumption on the part
of the promoters. Nobody believes that Fitz. |
siinmons, for instance, after indulging in two |
hard tights with Ruhlin and Sharkey within |
two weeks, could be absolutely fit to do him-
self justice In an encounter with the only man
who ever knocked the Cornishman out, So fn
case of a meeting between Jeff and Fitz it would
be hard to convince the public that the lanky
vugillat would be able to enter the ring a third
tine in three weeks in his beet physical trim,
fighter, no matter who he inay be, goes stale |
immediately after an eugagement in the ring,
even though he may have trained hard for three
le is compelled to rest at least two
days before he oan resume vigorous training
and to make himself fit inside of a week is
ee almost an impossible taxk. Fitz has
had two weeks to get ready for Sharkey and
there are experts who say the Cornishman will
ood as when he got into the ring with
Kuhlin. Theretore, it is argued, he cannot be
at his best if he runs uR against the champion
seven days later. But the prospect of big gate
receipts makes it an inducement for Fitz, or
& rhe , in case the sailor should win, to put
up his hands with the b ilermaker even in
the face of inevitable defeat, and it muy be
taken for granted that if Jeffries waives the
5,000 forfelt condition and the winner of next
“riday a fight is not seriously injured, there wil
ne @ fight for the championship of the worl
on Aug. 31.

WHY O'ROURKE PICKS SHARKFY,

months.

not be as

 

Says the Sailor May Score a Knock-Out if Fitz
Swaps Punches With Him,

Though Sharkey was such an easy mark for
Rublin, there are many wise men who belleve
that the Sailor will make things hum for Fitz-
simmons on Friday night. Sharkey was not at
hia best when Ruhlin whipped him, but since |
that time he has been working systematically
to get himself into the shape he displayed when
he boxed twenty-five rounds with Champion
Jeffries. Sharkey’s followers, including his

manager, Tom O'Rourke, are confident that |
he will down Fitzsimmons. This is the way
O'Rourke reasoned it out to THRSUN man the

other night:
“Shar or stronger physically than Ruhlin |
and can take more punishment than the latter. |

e is also the harder hitter. Now, if Fitz fights |
 , the way he did with Rublin and etaoe
punches with him, it would not surprise me a

it tosee Tom put himaway. Ruhlin had Fitz
to the bad even with hia inferior blows, co
Sharkey ought to make a better impression, |
Sharkey worked altugether too hard for his mili
with Ruhlin and was stale and slow. When
Rublin began to nail him with his fast attack
Tom didn't know how to fight, and even if he
had known he couldn't have made good. But
pd time youl Rad oe Sharkey is every hit

strong and fast as when he tackled Jeffries
which means that Fitz will have no cinch one |

may get @ punch that will stop him.

 

    

  

GOLF,

 

Play for the Pouvert Cup em the Lake
Mahopac Links,

Since the opening on July 28 there has been 4
crowd out daily on the links of the Lake Mah. -
pac Golf Club. The golf fever seems to have
taken a firm hold on every sojourner around
the lake, due to an extent to the fine condition
of the links. The contests for the Antonia
Pouvert cup will end to-day with the play-off
between the winners of the three earlier cor)-
petitions. Those who qualified at medal play
were D. I, Bradley, J. F. Dorring, E. and A,

Jusenbury, Lee Murphy, KE, L. Pouvert, A.

‘ouvertand kW. Barry. The resulta of the
match play on Friday and Saturday were:

First Round—Hariy beat A. Pouvert by 3 upand |
to play: Dradley beat L. Murphy by 1 up; BE. Dusen
bury beat A, Dusenbury by 2 up: Dorring beat +
Pouvert by 8 up and | to play. Second round = Brad-
ley beat Harry by 2 up; Dorring beat BE. Dusenbury by
Supand 2toplay. Final round—Dorring beat Brad-
ley by 5 up and 3 to play.

To-morrow there will be a mixed foursome for
some very pretty prizes presented by Henry
Patterson and Dr. Ignatius Bradley,

 

Under the title, “Golfin
the long Island Railroad has brought ont

well-illustrated booklet containing @ brief
escription of nearly eighty links and other
nformation of value to golfers.

Hvpson, Aug. 20.—The leading scores in the
weekiy handicap contest at the Glenwood G, (,
on Saturday were:

D. KE. Peek, 109, 36—74; BF. W, Scoville
63; Charles Esselstyn, 01, 2-80; W. W.
12—90; P. S. Cady,
123, 30—92.

on Long Island,“

04, 15--
. lee, 102,
L, 107, 15—92; W. J. Hoysvods,

 

NARRAGANSETT Pier, Aug. 20.—The annual
open golf tournament of the Point Judith
Country Club began here to-day. The qualif-
cation cup was won by A. DeWitt Cochran. f
Ard-ley, Who made a score: f 173. Those who
qualified and their scores follow

A. DeWitt Cochran, Ardsley, 173; W. 9. Carnegie
Pittsburg, 176°C. N. Hiwheock, Jr., Yale 470.0 M.
Robertson, Yale, 181; Jasper Lynch Lakewood
A.C. Fobes, Oneondega, 190; H. Hitehcock, Point
Judith, 192; M. Burt, Wannemisett 201; R. G, Colt,
Agavem, 202; P. M. Prescott, Jr., Point Judith, gua;

Av

J. + Foves. South county, 204, H. Batch-
eller, Point Judith, 206; . & Barnes, Gar
den City, 297; H. A. Waldron, Agawam, 214:

1. M. Carnegie, Pittsburg, 216; C. C. Goldsborough,
Harbor Hill, 217; G. A. Pope, Jr., Misquamicut, 2)4:
P.M. Prescot, Point Judith, 226; B. N. Anderson,
Misquamicut, 233; T. A. Culbertson, Point Judith,
244° C. C, Coffee, Jn, Point Judith, 244; C.W. Yulee,
Point Judith, 248 Marion R. Wright, Philadelphie,
and, J. Buliogs, Point Judith, withdrawn.

Newport, Aug, 20.—The record of the New-
port links was broken to-day by J. H. Johnson,
who comes here to play in the open tournament
next week. ‘lhe prev jous record of the course
was held by Willie Davis, His resord was 74, 36
out and 48 In, and up to to-day no one has been
able to beat it. This forming Mr, Johnson
went out with F, P. Sands, not with the inten-
tion of making a record score, but was sur-
prised that he had done so. 6 covered the
pouree la 72 strokes, going out in 34 and coming
nin 38,

Cark May, Aug. 20~The playing tn th:
women's elgbteen-hole handicap this afterno: 1

 

onthe Cape May links was interesting. Mr
Morris Daliett won. The scores: ~ '
Mrs. Morris Dallett, 186, 45-91; Misg Nellie Wii

Hams, 123, 30-03; Mrs. J. F Lu 23, 30-053;
Mrs. Elliott Rodgers, 109, 10~0; Mra T. W. Fax
wick, 14), 40-101; Mra. 8, Bispham, 189, 35—{04;
Miss McFillien, 146, 35—110; Mra J. M. E. Hildreth,
141, 17-114; Mrs. L. ©, Ogden, 139, 25-114; Miss
Smith, 124, 10-114; Mra Reed, 146. 30-116: Mra
Worth, 164, 40-124; Mra. KR. M. Williams, 155, 35 ~
12U; Miss E. Lucas, 168, 40—128.,

 

JEFFERSON, N. H., Aug. 20.—Golfers at Jeffer
son began their gala week this morning with
perfect mountain weather and the Waumbex
jolf Club links in perfect condition for tourna-
ment play. In addition tothe men’s tournament,
in which thirty-four golfers started in the first
of twopreliminary rounds, the special attraction
was the Vardon exhibition, which attracted all
to thelinks. There was little of interest, how
ever, in the foursome arranged for the after-
noon. Vardon had as his pariner J. Whitney
Baker, Hillside Golf, one of Waumbek's best
anateurs, and against them were Alexander
Findlay and Edward M, Dalley of Ardsley, who
is also near the head of the home club's list. The
match was simply a_ practice round fer
Vardon and he took things emsily, *o
much eo that Findlay and bis partner
won a close match in the nineteenth
hole, the quartet having been followed over
the course by an enthusiastic “gallery” of 800
ormore, To-morrow the match will be over
thirty-six holes medal play, Vardon pla ing
the best ball of Horace Rawlins and iindiay

Rawlins gave the day to practice with Gilber',
Nichols giving way to this match, and the tour-

nament play laid out for to-morrow is post-
poned until Wednesday, To-day's preliminary
tournament a ores follow:

J Wr ataey Baker, [lllside Tennis, 49; Pr 8.
Robertson, Hill School Golf, 04; Edward M. ley.
Ardsiey, #4; W. E. F. Moore, Englewood Golf oh:
Arnold Wood, Ardsley, 09; E. M. S

rol, 103; Lawrence Dalley,  Ardaley 103;
Cyrus H, Adams, Onwentsia, 193; SO, Ace.
Hartford, 107; W. T. Kaufman, Hillside Tennis, 100;

Jobn E. Adriance, Dutchess County, 100; H. A. Blat:,
Waumbek, 100; Jobn Raymond, Onwenisia. 112; A
rT. Compton, Jr, Washington, Conn, Golf, 112:
Teonard M. Daggett, New Haven Country, 114; Mar
ris E. Adriance, Dutchess County, 115; Jestah Bart
lett Waumbek, 116: Douglas Hartehorne, Waumbek,
117; Andrew B. Cobb, Newton Golf, 118; Henry Da)
ley, Ardsley, 119; W. E. Carter Brae
burn, 139 Elton = G._ Littell, Waum bg.
121; J. Russell alay, Lakewood Golf, 122:
Edward mviigen. Hartford Golf, 123; Edward Kemp
Jr, Waumbek, 124: John Eyerman, North Ha
ton Country, 126; A. C, Thompson, Chestnut Re,
Golf, 141; Sabin P. Sanger, Brookline Country, 188:
© L. Raymond. Onwentsia, 132; E. amne,
Waumbek, 132; Theodore MH. Banks, Seabright Goll.
144; James C. Church, Knickerbocker Field, 136;
Cyrus Adams, Jr, Onwentsia, 142; CB, Borland,
Waumbek, 142.

By mutual agreement the scores made to-day
by Edward M. Dalley and W., F ¥ Moore
counted in settlement of their tie for the Cobv
cup played for on Friday, Dalley winning.

Knocks Reilly
Sampsoa A. C.

Patsy Sweeny of Boston knocked out Jimmy
Reilly of Brooklyn at the Sampson A. C. last
night. The conditions were twenty rounds at
133 pounds. Reilly weighed in at 180 pounds,
but Sweeny refused to get on the scale-
Sweeny was haudled by Kid McFadden and
Patsy Corrigan. ‘Tom Moloy and Billy Macla\r
looked after Reilly's interests. The betting
favored Sweeny at 3 to 2.

Reilly started the bout with several stiff jai s
to the mouth which surprised Patsy. The lat-
ter tried a right-hand swing for the juw, but
missed, and Reilly put in ° hard one on the body
which sent Patsy down for afuidoount. Bot
men fought bard to the bell. Nweeny oponed
the second round with a light left on the mout!
and Reilly re‘aliated with a hard Jab (o
the nose which puffed Patsy's rig!.t
eye. Another lefi-hand jab brought the
blood in @ stream from Sweeny's inaged
optic. Sweeny put ahard right-hand jolt ou
the chin whien shook hKeiily from head to hee/#
Both men fought hard to the bell with honors
about even, Sweeny came out for the third
With @ rush and put aright »wing tothe point
of the chin, which dazed Reilly. Reilly was

 

Sweeny Oat at the

| €ame, however, and sent ina left hook to the

stomach which made Patsy wobble, Reil!s
tried another hook, bul mis ed, and Pats ded
6 Bere jot or the chin which put Reilly down
1d out, =
The opening bout brought together Kid
Johnsen, @ oolored pusili t from Albany, aod
Billy Ryan of Brooklyn They fought for ten
rounds a! 105 pounds) The result was a draw
The other prdiminery bout was @ rattling
one betwren Jimmy Clarke of Brooklyn and
the Colored Mi-sissippi, ten rounds at 10)
pounds. Both men fougnt hard and fast in the
first four rounds, Clarke having the best of it
Clarke sent his man down four times in the
siepth round, Pa was unable to finish bim, He
est of the remaining rounds, Referee
Jack Gabay called it a draw.