~“w

ANDREW MACK APPEARS FOR THE
FIRST TIME IN “THE REBEL.”

J.B. Fagen’s Irish Melodrama Produced at
the Academy of Music~A Fourth Proctor

Hoase of Continuous Vaudeville Opened |

New ‘Theatrical Season Under Way.
In “The Rebel,’ which was produced for the

first time in New York at the Acadeiny of Musio

ast night, three elements of popularity
were discernible. The author, James
b. Fagen, bad cut his material from the

nocepted pattern of Irish stage romance, not

varying from the tried model by 80
much as an inch, and pupplying the
peco with a | lentitude of villainous

Britiah soldiers, good and persecuted Irishmen,
ancestral castles, ruined abbeys and pleasant

baliads. ‘To these sure conventionalities he
added rampant melodrama, such as the
Bouelcault plays had but more recent

Irish pieces have lacked, More potent than
ether of these in the popular acceptance of
“The Rebel” was the fact thatthe central per-
sonage was Andrew Mack, To his admirers there
is only one Andrew Mack, the Irish lad, who
sings and fights fora colleen and old Ireland,
that publio ia pleased with him in that guise,
and knows not nor cares that he has the
abiiity and desire to do something worthier,
He showed himself as Sir Lucius O'Trigger for

a eiogie performance a few years ago
and bore oomparison with more = es-
tablished actors in that role It

wasevident (hen that he had artistic appre-
ciation if he was a little crude in some of
the finer points, blis that must be
worked over and brought to perfeo
tion by repetition. Such practice was not
required for his part in ‘The Hebel.’ It wasn't
subtle, butoh, my! it washerolc. The time of
the play wae during the Irish Rebellion of 1798,
the daughter of the Squire of Dunieckney Hall
fo loved by a@ leader of the rebela and by
a British eypy. The young girl's brother dis-
covers the treachery of one lover and de-
pounoes him, fur which the forward youth is
promptly killed. Before he dies he persuades
his sister to marry at onoe the true-hearted Irish
boy, whom she loves and is loved by. The
bridegroom rebel ig concealed in the hall,
where the Englisheearchforhim, An old priest,
who is very good and very wearisome, knows
where the young patriot {a hiding, but rather
than expose him ts about, to die at the
bands of the pursuers. Noble Andrew
Mack will not see this done, but with a
few well-chosen remarks about his own
valor gives himself to the syndicate
of villains and eaves the priest. This Is
accomplished much to the tumultuous joy of

the gallery and to more than a slight feel-
ing of rellef on the part of the clergy-
man, The embodiment of nobie-
vess Is cast into a dark and dismal
dungeon, From there he escapes as the dead
body of a prisoner who has committed suicide.
He fp put in a ooffin and buried alive. Little

details like that are mere trifling pleasantries
to the Irish D Artagnan. While waiting for his
wife to come with her little spade and pick-
aze and rescue him, two body-snatchers
let him out, and are disappointed. not
to say somewhat startled, to find the ex-
eoted corpse a livng person, They
help him, however, forthey are kindly men,
gven thouweh their business might bar them
from the society of some prejudiced and narrow-
minded persons. The pursuers of the hero
have in the meantime discovered his means
of escape. and come to blow up the
coffin which has, to quote Dan Daly, “nothing
in it.”’ Finally the hero and chief villain meet
and fight a duel, in which the jatter is killed,
and the former and his wife goto France, where
they live happily ever after

{inoue last night's audience was nolaily
enthusiastic over Mr. Mack personally, and over
some of the more effective, though thoroughly
theatric,scenes, {t was probably the least demon-
strative that the play will have. The upper
on 3 the house accepted the play heartily,
u n

the orchestra were many more
aophisticated, and even the most polite of
these enilled, while many laughed out-
right. Of sali the pieces that Mr.

Mack has appear. din as astar (lis was the least
commendable from an artistio viewpoint,
bute will probably be the most popular.
Mr, Fagen, the author, almed very lew
and bit bard. The acting throughout was
adequate, but in only two cases was it worthy
of separate notice. Mr, Mack brought more
technical knowledge of acting to the
part of the hero than it required, byt
did not spare himself in the demonstrative
scenes. hroughiout he was the jovi'l,
good-hearted rishman, heroio in deeds
and serlo-comieo in manner. lle was
lainly pervyous, and when called upon
or @ speech at the end of the
third act he lost courage  com-
pletely, and confessed that he had learned
some proper ‘impromptu’ remarks, but had
quite forgotten them. NexttoMr. Mack the
success amorg the players unmistakably be-
longed to Josephine Lovett, who ip'used
much originality in an utterly convertional
role. She was charming in manner, sympa-
thetio in voloe and poise and more than an
assistant to Mr. Mack in theirscenes. Atthe
finale of the third act, a striking ang stirring
situation, more than suggested by “Held by
the Sein. Miss Lovett brought a scene of
suspense that rested entirely on her toa thrill-

tag primes.

f course, the songs were a prominent part
of the play and they were generally good. Their
inusic Was Composed by Mr. Mack and two of
the numbers will surely be popular, One was &
typically, Irish jig song called “Little Tommy
Murphy WasaSfoldier Bold.’ Another was a
spirited patriotic march song, “Freedom and
Ireland,” which was repeatedly encored. The
theme recalled Chopin.s “Marche Finebres’
but the treatment was radically different. The
mournful wail was changed toa epirited call to
arms, but still the pathetic note made a sympa-
theticsetting for the martial appeal for Ire-
land's freedom.

Summer idleness for the Columbus Theatre
was ended yesterday when, as Proctor’s 125th
Street, {t was opened as a continuous show
house. Alterations in its outside had set the
Proctor trademark in letters of electric lights
above the entrance, and had put a tiny box
office in the middle of the corridor giving
upon the street. Within all the decorations
had been freshened and the siage had been
supplied with new scenery. The programme
was on the standards of the downtown Proctor
theatres, but included some new matter. J.
K. Emmett and Lottie Gilson were paired in
@ new sketch that employed three other
participants and that had dramatio form,
but was little more than a framework on
which to hang the specialties of its principals,
Chester Blodgett's specialty was another un-
familiar {tem. He was a bicycle expert whose
most diMloult feats consisted in equilibrism
while his vehicle was at rest. With the bicycle
thus placed he performed'on the unsteady rest
{t made many of the tricks done by balancers
who seize steadier supports. In one series
of his acoomplishments the bicycle rested on
the seats of two chairs while he climbed through
ite frame and stood head downward from the
step and spokes of its front wheel. He did
ttle riding, and it consisted mostly of con-
ventional exercises. One bit was likened to
hurdle Jumping. Three sticks two inches

high lay side by side on the floor a foot apart.
ide one of these the rider stopped his ve

ole, and by sidewise hitches brought it a few

‘nches from the stick. Then in three jumps

hein the sticks, at each jump Jerking both
eels ov

 

eran obstacle, Then the three pieces
wood were piled one atop the other, and he
cleared all at a single jump. To close his
{nning he rode his bicycle straight over a chair
from which the back had been taken, first
measuring the distance so as to be sure of the
pedals being in favorable position when the
obstacle was reached.
_ These items were as much of newness as is
required in any yaudeville performance. But
they were hardly necessary. Audiences at
the Columbus were noted for their turbulent
enthuelasm, When the yogue of strenuous
melodrama was waning this Harlem playhouse
bs its last outpost to fall. The suffering good
folk and the scheming wretches of the play-
wright’s creation could arouse noisy interest
there, even though the interpretation was
worse than mediocre. And yesterday the
horoughly familiar doings on the stage were
Kooepted as of equal value with the new. Lot-
'@ Gilson's invitation te her hearers to join in

her refrain was taken as unexampled sauciness
and the faithful response frou the apdience of
one hired vocalist, coupled with afew faint notes

from scattered enthusiasts, was heard with
surprised pleasure. So it went all along the
list. The pianist had one number, which he
filled with Pyrotechnic variations on “Yankee
Doodle pstairs it was considered the
best ever,” and downstairs approval was
not less thorough. Jennie Yeamans in the
brogress of her singing pretended a misunder-

standing with her accompanist. He read it
from the page from which he played, and on
his part there was no pretence of genuineness

Hut the laughter the brief dialogue called out
indicated that many present had never heard
ine like. A “sister” pair of singers and
ranoers. well known to vaudeville
8 owers, raised such abundantand noisy ap-
plause that they seemed in danger of bein

ow One for a moment burlesque

    

  

the imitators who pose as celebrities. She had
not Rit eubely of false beards and w that
go with such copying, but merely p*zuek an
| attitude and announced the name o wae pore
\ son intended. Of serious ratea’ copy re
| Was none, and when it lv recorded that such
| names as Admiral Dewey and the Presidentia
i
'
|
i
'

 

candidates were met with long-continued hand |

clapping, the true measure of the Har! en-
taken. A  monjent ter
laughter by mock
the words Give
the Columbus ods

be
brought

ut n
- Often did

thusiast may
the woman
seriousness

me me child!

   
 
 

 
  
 

 

stand by harried heroines who made just such j

‘ speeches, and they seemed as thoroughly
stirred by the doings of apeciait folk lax
di ‘arlisle and lesser varie

Unger, Midgeley
porte weley an

rmers were greeted similarly, so.as much

on the up- |

stairs portions of the theatre was proven to be |

eqeure. A succession of bills like those pro-
vided for the other Proctor theatres, whieh {is

what this theatre istohave, will ensure @ scar-
| city of empty seats downstairs twice dally.

The theatrical season of 1900-1901 started
at the Academy of Music last night and soon
it will rain openings. Now the only other
legitimate theatres in use are the Herald Square,
with “he Cadet Girl"; the Star, with “The
Angel of the Alley,” and the Third Avenue,
With “Coon Hollow.” Saturday evening Koster
& Bial’s wil! start in with vaudeville, and the
Grand Opera House with “The Belle of New
York.” The following Monday “Brother Of-
ficers” will be revived at the Empire, and Thurs-
day night of that week “Ihe Parish Priest”
will be produced at the Fourteenth Street.
The new stock company at the American will
introduce itself Saturday in “I'he Great Ruby.”
The following week a heavy storm of first
nights is due. Besides revivals of “Ben Hur”
at the Broadway and the “Pride of Jennioo”
at the Criterion, and the reopening of the Har-
lem Opera House, nine new plays will be pro-

of the new enterprise as depended
|

duced in five nights. The dates of
some may be rearranged, but as
they now stand Monday will see

“Arizona” at the Heralé Square, Otis Skinner
fn “Prince Otto” at Wallack’s, Louis Mano
and Clara Lipmann io “All On Account of
Eliza” at the Garrick, “A Million Dollars” at
the New York and the unnamed piece by Lud-
wig Englander and Harry b. Smith at the Ca-
sino, Wednesday will have Annie Russell in
“A Royal Family” at the Lyceum, and Thurs-
day will have “The Rose of Persia” at Palys
James A. Herne iu “Sag Harbor” at the Re-
pubie and two new burlesques at Weber &

‘lelds's. The next Monday will have “Ib and
Tittle Christina” and “The Husbands of Le-
ontine” at the Madison Square, Francis Wilson
in “fhe Monks of Malabar” at the Knicker-
bocker and “Cupid Outwits Adam” at the hi-
jou, The next night John Drew will be seen
in“Richard Carvel” at the Empire, The next
Monday night will see Edward H. Sothern in
“Hamlet” at the Garden, and aleo “Caleb West”
at the Manhattan, and “The Rogers Brothers
fu Central Park” at the Victoria, During that
week the new musio hall at Broadway and
Sixtieth street will be opened, the Sch ey will
start under the name of the Savoy with a Cham-
berlyn production, and the Murray Hill will
commence its third year of the Donnelly Stock
Company.

“The Ameer” was revived at Manhattan Beach
last night with Frank Daniel# io his familiar
role of the unfortunate poredtate. ain's
annual “carnival of fire” will be given in the
open-air amphitheatre Saturday, Excellent
vaudeville shows were given in the Victoria
and New York roof gardens, and the Casinu was
also in use

Yesterday’a continuous shows supplied an
abundance of lively vaudeville, At Proctor’s
Palace, as contributors of dramatio matter,
were Minnie Dupree and Grace Buatiagtoa,
and here were Bruno and Russell and Rita as
specialists, At Proctor's Fifth Avenue were
Smith and Campbell and Williams and Walker,
two amusing variety show pairs, and Digby
Bell had a new budget of jokes in monologue
form, Two one-act plays at Proctor's Twenty-
third Street engaged mund Day, Maud
Poole, J. F. Crosby and Inez Forman, and
Morrie’s ponies and the Shaws were pleast
specialists, Wilfred Clarke had the dominan

rt in the short play at Keith's, and Elizabeth
irray, Genaro and Bailey and Gus Williams
were among the specialists. Cook and Sonor
Kenno and Welch and the Gardners were a
Pastor's. A wax figure of Victor Emmanuel,
ltaly's new King, was shown at the Eden Musee,

Kathryn Kidder returned yesterday from
Europe, where she bought two new plays, one

of which she and Louls James will use, Their
principal offering will be a revival of “A Mid-
summer Night’s Dream.” Mrs. Brown Potter

be the Jultet to Martin Harvey's Romeo
in his forthcoming revival of the Shakespeare
tragedy at the London Lyceum. Mrs. Boott
MoKeown, whose husband has _ recently* run
through the fortune left to him by his father,
will goon the stage. Gabrielle Réjane will ac
frst talon ion, though it {s hard to understand

ow the foul French version of the play will be
allowed by the censor. She will Ye the part

will

there at the G ok, where M esile Carter
acted it. Florenos Kahn il umour, the
Cho in Richard Mansfield’s revival of “King
Henry VV." Olive May will be fn John Drew's

production of “Riehard Carvel.” Julla Blano,
a California actress, will be new to us the
Amerioan Theatre stock company.

Cora Tanner will dip Into extravaganza,

laving a burlesque adventuress in “A Million
Jollars.” The other principals in that. show
will be Joseph Sparks, Nav Wills, Josie Sadler,
Ida Hawley, Belle Bucklyn and William Mande-
ville. he name of the comic onera that Fran-
cis Wilson wil! use has been changed
from “Booloo Boolboom” to “The Mra s of
Malabar.” Ailda Clark will return to her fa-
miliar position as prima donna soprano of the
Bostonians. Albert Parr will be new with
them as first tenor. Marie Dainton, a London
Gaiety girl, has come to this country to appear
in the new Casino play.
First nights at Weber & Fields’ a attract many
people, as has been many Vines proves. 80 this
year the managers there dec ed to sell the
seats end boxes at auction. De Wolf Hopper,
David Warfield, Charles J. Ross, Edgar Smith
and John T. Kelly will be the auctioneers. The
exact day of the sale has not been set. The
improvements In and out of the music all are
almost finished, and not only add much to the
looks of the place, but to the coating capacity.
The number of seats at the New York has been
enlarged by 600. In both theatres boxes were
taken out, and in the larger house the orches-
tra extended back fifteen or elghteen feet. On
the first night of the new stock company at the
American souvenir books of pictures of the
principal players will be given away.

 

Violinist Kubelik to Appear Here.

Vohann Kubeiik, the youthful violinist who
created a sensation in London during the past
season, has been engaged for aseries of con-

cert appearances here by Rudolph Aronson.
Kubelik is 20 years old. He is the son of a Bo-
hemian market gardener and was born at
Michlie, near Prague His father played the

LUTHER E, NEWPORT INSANE
PAUL BUSINESS MAN MAKES

A SCENE IN FIvVTH AVENURF.

= Seeaeeenee From « Yacny on ereetes

Hotel District Mere Waving His Shirt About
Mis Head and Is Sent to Bellevue.
The escapades of Luther Egerton Newport
of St. Paul, Mian,, during the last two weeks
have caused his family a great deal of worry,
and culminated yesterday in his arrest and
detention at Bellevue Hospital to have his sanity
inquired into. Mr. Newport {s a son of Gen. kK,
M. Newport, a banker, of St. Paul, and with
his father roanages the affairs of the Platinum
Photographic Paper Company of St. Paul,
Jaither BE, Newport is married and lives with his
wife in St, Paul, but business affairs keep him
in this city for a great part of the year, His
father, Gen. Newport, spends so much time
in town that the family keep epartimenta all
the year round {no the Lenog, at 2 and 4 West
Thirty-sixth street,

Luther Newport's family noticed a month
ago that his health was failing. He came to
New York to be doctored and placed himself
in charge of Dr. Bonjamin T Tilton of 69 West
Thirty-sixth street. His relatives were noti-
fled that he was threatened with brain fever,
but that with good care and rest he would pull
through. He lived as use Lenox with his father
Two weeks ago a frend of the family who
owns @ yacht invited the General and his son
on a short cruise. The sea trip, Newport's
physician eaid, would benefit him greatly.
‘Lwo days after the yacht salled a landing was
made at Noroton, Conn, Gen. Newport
and his son went ashore and while dining the
son gave the father the slip and disappeared,
His family haven't eeen him since and he sent
many telegrams to his wite in St. Paul from
Various cities ip the East, telllug her that it
Was useless to by and find him. A week ago
Mrs. Newport came to New York and took up
her residence at the Lenox while search for her
husband was made.

At 6:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon John
Malone, a cabman, of 131 Weat Seventeenth
street, Was standing beside his cub in Uplon
Square, when Newport engaged him | New-
port is 45 years old, and is a Dig.muscular fellow.

de wore a Striped flannel sult without a waiste
coat and when he hired the cabman appeared
to be in his right mind. At his order the man
drove him to_@ hawberdasher's store in rie
avenue, near Twenty-eighth street. He pai
the cabrnan and entering the store where he
wis known, said loudly to a clerk

“Lwanta shirt! J wantashire!”

A blue négligé shirt was shown to him and
he quickly pulled off his coat, loosened the
searf and collar of the ahirt he wore, and before
the astonished clerks could prevent him had
whipped {t off and stood in the centre of the
store naked from the waist up. He put on the
new blue shirt and as quickly started to pull
it off. While he was pulling it over his head
a hansom cab was driven rapidly past the
door and Newport started out of the shop wav-
ing the new ehirt in the air, He ran
into the roadway yelling:

“That's my cab, stop it! *

Te half-naked man running tn the roadway,
Yelling at the top of his voice, astonished pe

estrians. He waved the shirt in the air as

@ ran and women who didn't become faint
made for the side streets. The hansom driver,
frightened at the wild appearance of the man
in his waké. lashed his horse and disappeared
around the corner of Thirty-third street.

Just as Newport got tn front of the Holland
House, Policemen Baxter and Lavary, coming
down the avenue, spotted him. He was 80
big that they didn’t want to tackle him alone,
so they despatched two hackmen for hel
while they got as near to Newport as they dar
He continued to shout:

“Tn right: I'm right! That's my cab-

 

ST.

mar
Three ior policemen soon arrived fn ane
ewer to summons and the five surrounde
Newport. hey handled. him gingerly Y
were able to put the nippers on him. _ Then
they tied his shirt around his neck by the sleeves
and marched him to the Tenderloin station,
escorted by a crowd of about 300 pedestrians,
a dozen hackmen and a score of bicyclista In
the police station Newport became calm. His
name and address were obtained from som
apers in his pockets. Sergeant Murtha sen
or an ambulance, Dr. Youman of the New
York Hospital, who came with {t, sald that
Newport was insane. He was taken to Belle-
vue in the ambulance.

Mrs. Newport was shocked last night when
a@ reporter told her of her husband's escapade.
“T have not seen him for over two weeks,”
said she, . “fle has been poor health and
was under treatment here until two weeks
ago. Then he disappeared, didn’t even
know he was !n town.

Mrs. Newport drove to Bellevue nat night
te see her husband, Gen, Newport not in

elty.

PRETENDED COP BOSSED REAL ONES.

 

Ran Things in the Fire Lines, Hada Clab and
Made Arrests—Himself Arrested Now.

One John Williams, or John McCormick or
John White-he uses all these names—was
arrested in the Grand Circle at Fifty-ninth
street last Thursday night on the charge of
personating a policeman and eince then the
police have learned a whole lot of queer things
about him. Yesterday when he was arraigned
in the West Side police court for examination
there were a dozen or more witnesses tn court
to tell of his escapades. Policeman Radigan,
who arrested “Williams” said he had known him
for some time and had always thought that he
was attached to Inspector Thompson's staff, be-
cause the man said he was and acted the part,

“Why,” said Radigan, “he used to go into
police stationa and give orders. A week or
two ago we got onto the fact that he wasn'ta

policeman at all pad nenectot Thompson has

d men looking for him since.”

- Inspector Thompson said that when “Wil-

lfame” was in court last Friday after his arrest

he, Thom) son, went up to the man and said:
“They tell me you're on Inspector Thomp-

son's stall?”

“Yes,” sald the man. “I do a great deal

of work for him at the Tivoli.”

“Funny, that is,” sad Thompson “I'm
Thompson myself, and I thought I knew all
my_ men.”

Fire Marshal Peter Beery told him the pris-
oner had passed hirnself off as an assistant
fire marshal at a@ fire at $14 Flighth avenue
on the strength of a fake badge Several
policemen said that they had often seen him

violin and from him the boy received his first | at fires, with a badge on his waistcoat and a
instruction. He studied for six years at the | billy in his hand, directing at the fire lines,
Prague Conservitory under Ottar Seveik an pushing ople back and generally bossing
then went to Vienna, where two Mr ohe | things. ties were always somewhat in awe
made his first public appearance. nat winter | of him, the policemen sald. etective Kerr

he appeared in Berlin, where his performance
was praised.

Subscriptions for the Enaglish Opera Season,

The sale of subscription seats and boxes for
the season of opera in English at the Metro-
politan is to begin at the theatre on Monday,

Sept. 17, Subscriptions will be received for the
fal) season fro. Vot. 1 to Dee, 16, and for the
spring season of seven weeks that begins in
April.. Although seats and boxes may be pur-
chased in advance for the season, eubseri
are called upon to pay only one week in ad-
vance. The first rformanve of the season
will be “Faust,” to be given on Oct, 1.

The Kaltenbora Concert To-night.

The programme at the Kaltenborn concert

last nightin the St. Nicholas Garden waa made
up entirely of compositions by Strauss and
Wagner. One of the Sohubert. symphonies
will pa played at the regular symphony concert
to-night,

NEWPORT SOCIAL EVENTS.

Ball Given by Mrs. Hl. M. Brooks in Honor of
the Co g Out of Her Daughter.
Newpont, R. I. Aug. 20.—The social event of
importance to-day was the ball given to-night at
“Rockhurst’’ by Mrs. H. M. Brooks in honor of
her daughter, Miss Gladys Brooks. It was a
most elaborate affair, and was given as a com-
ing-out party for the young lady, It was the
first really big ball of the season, and was at-
tended by all the cottagers. Not only were the
cottagers pleased with the event, but hundreds
of townsfolk waiked along the cliffs to get a
peep at the place. “Rockhurst” is situated on
the cliffs. The decorations were not con-
fined tothe villaand grounds, but even on the
cliffs and on the shore were placed hundreds of
ele ctric lights, mahing a very prett) effect

The ball was preceded by a dinnerto a num-
ber of young people, served in the dining hall,

rs

 

 
 

The rest of the cottagera came in for the
dance. -Following supper at midnight, the
cotillion was danced, which was led by Mr.

Elisha Dyer, Jr., and Miss Brooks. The Brooks
ballroom is one of the largest in Newport. and
it was banked with palms and garden flowers,
all studded with electric lights. The favors for
the cotillon were purchased by Mrs. Brooks
abroad, ana included silver and gold trink>ts,
niagio wands, cigar and eigaretie holders
match boxes, electric Jamis, hunters’ horne anc
boutonniere holders, There were fifty couples
in the ecotiLon.

Mise Brooks is the second daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. H. Mortimer Brooks, She is a well-known
golfer, and spe dea greater part of her tine
on the links. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Stevena,
the former a well-known tennis player, enter-
tained a large party of youns ople on board
their steam yacht Aileen this afternoon.

 

of the Eldridge street station eald that one day
n dune “Williams” actually arrested Joh
yan, a printer, at 756 Delancey street, an
anded him over to the sergeant at the station,
charging Ryan with assault and robber and
representing himself as a deputy United Btates
marshal. yan was taken to the Essex Market
police court the next day, but no prosecutor
appeared.
kimer FE. Getohell, a tattooer of 11 Chath
Squure, told the Magistrate that on July 27 he
was handing over a Bowery panhandler to a
polleeman when “Williams” stepped up an
said he was a Post Office inspector and that he’
ene the prisoner to the Elizabeth street station.
etchell and the policeman, however, couldn't

inspector had
in the case and weren't bluffed put.
“Well, Williams,” sald Magistrate Comell,
when he had heard the witnesses, “what have

see what business a Post Office

you got to ep? :
“Nothing here,” said the prisoner. “I'll say
what I've got to say before a jury

Inspector
two

He was held in $1,000 bail for trial.
Thompson said that the man has served
terms in prison.

 

POPULIST LEADER STABBED.

Edgar S, Van Meter of Callfornia Thought te
Be Mortally Woanded,

Frareno, Cal., Aug. 20.—Edgar S. Van Meter,
vic®-chairiman of the Populist State Central
Committee of California was stabbed and
probably mortally wounded this morning by
Cuff Corlew, candidate for Supervisor. With
some other politicians, the two men were dis-
cussing the situation, and Corlew called Van
Meter a Har. The latter attempted to strike
Corlew, who drew a knife and stabbed Van
Meter in the breast. Van Meter has made an
ante-mortem statement.

 

 

Lucy Parsons Fined $560 and Costs,

Cuicaco, Aug. 20-—Mrs. Lucy Parsons, one
of the leaders of the Chicago Anarchists, was
arraigned before Justice Sabath to-day on
charges of disorderly conduct, resisting arrest
and blocking the sidewalk at a recent meeting.
She appeared before the court in the rdle of
martyr and loudly affirmed her allegiance
to the cause of the “Reda.” But for her domi-
neering attitude, she would have been dis-
charged with a severe reprimand from the Court,
She was fined $50 and Costa.

In Memory of Sergt. Charles Floyd.

Stoux City, Ia., Aug. 20.--The cornerstone
of the monument over the remains of Serge.
Charles Floyd, a member of the Lewis and
Clarke exploring expedition, was luid to-day,
This mofhument will be bullt with $6,000 of Fed-
eral, $5,000 of State and $500 of city funds; will
be 100 fe t high and of Kettle River sandstone
ond wil stand near the apot where Floyd died
ninety-six vears ago, whichis on a bluff over
looking Nebraska, South Dakota and Iowa.

 

‘
‘

  

A RRIEST LOCKED UP.

Moant Vernon Police Sergeant Caused the
Arrest for Disorderly Condact,

Mount Vernon, N. ¥., Aug. 20—A priest
who said he was the Rev. William Ward was
locked up ip the Mount Vernon police station
to-night charged wlih disorderly conduct.
Father Ward was on his way from Sullivan
county, N. ¥., to St. Joseph's Seminary at
Dunwoodie, where, it wus said, he is to spend
his retreat.

He was standing at First street waiting
for a trolley car when Sergt. Beckwith came
along in plain clothes. “What ear do | take
to gv to Dunwoodie?” Inquired the priest.
“Take the Harlem station car,” replied the

tergeant; “there goes one now.” Father
Ward grabbed the case containing his yest-
ments and ran_for the car, but did
not overtake [t. When he returned to the side-
walk he was angry and abused Sergt, Beck-
with. The officer was patient fur awhile. Then
he told the priest that if he became tuo noisy
he would arrest him, Father Ward, it {4 said,
dared Sergt, Beckwith to arrest him, andthe
sergeant, taking the priest by the arm, led him
to the station house and locked him up.

After the clergyman had spent several hours
in the eell Chief Foley sent for acti Judge
Sinnott, and after a conference with the pris-
oner they decided to let him g°. Before leaving
the police station Father Ward shook hands
with the officers and thawed them for their
leniency, [t is belfeved that the naine and
address given by the priest were flotitious.

WAS IN HER 1018T YEAR.

Death of Mrs. Maria Wiley Darlington, Prob-
ably the Oldest Woman ia New York.

Mrs. Maria Wiley Darlington, who was prob-
ably the oldest woman in Greater New York,
died yesterday morning in her 101st year, at the
residence of her son-in-law, William Ogden
Giles at 2006 Fifth avenue, Mrs. Darlington
oelebrated her 100th birthday on June 29, and
up to that time was in good health. The hot
weather in July and in the early part of this

wneosh caused an illness which resulted in her
eath,

_Mrs, Darlington was born at Pleasant Valley,
N.Y., on dune 29, 1800, and came of a Huguenot
family. Her great-grandfather, Danlel Rey-
neau, was the son of a Hugpenot minister who
came to thie country after the revooation of the
Elict of Nantes, Daniel Reyneau settled at
New Rochelle and became Freeholder and Sur-
veyor of the town. A street there still bears
his name. Mrs. Darlington had six relatives
who fought in the War of the Kevolution, She
often said that the first event she remembered
distinctly was the total eclipse of the sun in 1806,
when she saw the chickens on the farm going
to roost in the daytime. She married Peter
Darlington, @ Scotch paper manufacturer, on
dune 17, 1819, In 1822 they went to live at New
Windsor, near Newburgh, N. Y. In 1800 Mr,
Darlington retired from business and removed
to Brooklyn, where he died. Eleven children
were born to them, of whom there are still living
Mrs. Anna Mattison, Mrs. Catharine C. Giles,
4nd Henry Darlington, a fire insurance adjuster,
and Thomas Darlington, a lawyer, of 206 Broad-

way.
Mra. Darlington had fifty grandchildren,
thirty-elght great-grandchildren and one great-
great-grandchild, She and her husband were
at @ public reception given at Newburgh in 1824
to Gen. Lafayette. Mra, Darlington has been
& resident of the United States under all the
Presidents except Washington, who died the

 

year before she was born. she had lived in this
city slice 1851.
OBITUARY.

Announcement was made on the Stock Ex-
change yesterday of the death of John D.
Flower, senior member of the banking and
brokerage house of Flower & Co., of this city,
and brother of the late Roswell P. Flower.
Mr. Flower suffered a stroke of paralysis on
Saturday night at Prout’s Neck, Me., the sum-
mer home of his daughter, Mrs. Ira Kipp, Jr.,

and died on Sunday night. He did not recover
consciousness from the time he was stricken
up to the hour of his death. Mr, Flower had
not n in robust health for @ long time, hav-
ing had an attack of the same disease seven
} ago. Jobn D. Flower was born in Oak
lill, Jefferson county, He was one of eight
children, seven of whom were boys. T'wo o
the brothers are now living, Nathan Flower,
the eldest, who is now tn California, and Anson
Flower, who is a resident of this city, In his
early days deceased was engaged in the dry
oods business in his native town. In_ 1870
e transferred his business interests to Utica
and in 1880 he came to this city and eaten
the firm of Flower & Co, After his brother
Roswell, P., died, the firm was reorganized
id John D. Flower became the senior mem-
He was a member of the Stock Exchange,
and was Vice-President and Director of the
a and Pembroke Railway, and a Director
f the American Casualty Company. He
was a member of the Metropolitan, Lotos,

Lawyers’ and Manhattan clubs, and was a
yestryman ig St. James's Protestant Episcopal
Chureh, _ Ma m avenue and Seventy-first

oees. Mr. Flower leaves a widow and three
children, Mrs. Ira A. Kipp, Jr., 0
N.J., Miss May

South Orange,
ower aud Nathan M. Flower,
He a town house on Madison avenue and
&@ country place at Dobbs Ferry.

a The funer
Flo be at Woodlawn or pleery, Holl

ow. Mr.
ower's death did not affect the stock mar-
et, e had no speculative interests. The
remainin f members of the firm of Flower &
Co. are 8. Flower, Na Flower and
B. C. Van Dyke. Anson R. Flower is a special
partner. In the reorganization of the firm,
which now becomes necessary, Fred 8. Flower
will become the head of thé house.

Dr. Hosea W. Libbey, for nearly fifty yearsa
practicing phyeician in Boston and Cleveland
and an Inventor of considerable note, died
at home in Boston on Saturday afternoon
aged 65. He was born in Lebanon, Me., an
had but a limited education, After attending
two courses of lectures he struck out in inde-
pendent medical study, especially of nature's
remedies as found in flowers, barks, roota,
@urns and leaves of the wild woods, He began
practice in 1854. One of his most remarkable
cures was the comnqrese restoration of a foung
woman who had been a bed-ridden patient
for thirteen years, suffering from paralysis
of the legs. In 1580 he established two hygiene-
tariums, one in Boston and one in Cleveland,
During his spare moments Dr. Libbey devoted
considerable attention to mechanical appli-
ances and invented a number of devices, rang-
ing fromm a meat broiler to steam and electrio
bicycles. As ony ag 1871 he invented the
“no-horse-to-feed bu qs which was pro-
petied by the feet with an endless chain, and
rom which the safety bicycle of to-day Ia said
to have been developed. Dr. Libbey claimed
to have been the first to spring a rubber tire
into the periphery of a wheel: the first also
to use a sprocket wheel, endless chain and
tension wheel. His stearnm and electrical bicy-
cles were designed to run at a speed of from
fifteen to twenty miles an hour, with a supply
of stea:n sufficient for a journey_of twelve
hours. Up to within a few years Dr. Libbey
had taken out 118 patents and at that time had
forty-five claims pending in Washington.
Among his inventions were a cartridge shell,
@ compound electric @able, a yelocipede, a
combined sleeper and rellwag ear, a switch
for street railways, @ steel car heater, a hvuse-
door letter box, safety gates for electric cars,
an automatic aerial railway and a steam bicy-
cle. He was editor of Boston Hygiente for thirty-
five years. He leaves a widow and one daugh ‘er.

Mr. Jane floopes, widow of Levi Hoopes,
died in Gollidays burg, Pa., on Sunday night.
8 orn in Delaware
the daughter of John and

he was June 18, 1807, being
Margaret Ladmer,
was a first cousin of Henry Clay and was an
eye witness of many historical occurrences,
including the bombardment of Fort McHenry
by the British troops in 1814, and the festival
soenes attending Lafayette's visit to America
in 1824. She married Levi Hoopes of Kennett
quare, Pa., on March 24, 1831. fler husband
was a warm friend of J. Bayard Taylor the
traveller and writer, and supplied him the
needed money for his celebrated journey afoot
through Europe. At their house was boarded
Pe engineer when she Bre between
hiladelphia and Chester was in course of con-
struction and she was a r aboard the
first train running between the cities,

Mrs. Georgianna M. Cor of 2% East Fifty-
seventh atreet, the widow of Alanson Cox,a well-
known physician, died suddenly at her home
last night, When Mra. Cox became ill there
was nobody in the house with her but the ser-
vants, One of them ran across the street for
Dr. J. A. Blake, but before he could get to her
Mra. Cox was dead. The physician said that
she had died of heart disease. Mrs. Cox was
76 vears old. One of her sons, John W. Cox, a

proces of 71 Broadway, is now in Biddeford,
q e., on a vacation with his family. Two other
sona are in Colorado and two of Mrs. Cox's
daughters are on their way home from Paris.
Thev are due here to-morrow.

Capt, William F. Young, a famous abolition-
ist, died at his home in Wakefield, Mass., on
Sunday afternoon, & 79 years. He became
editor of the Voice of Industry in 1846 and con-
tinued In that place for four years, At the
time of the anti-slavery movement, he went
over the State with Gen, F. Butler, Horace
Greeley and Senator Charles Sumner, In 1861
he was appointed Captain of the Commissary
Department of New Orleans by President Lin-
coln and afterw served with Gen, N. P.
Banks in South Carolina. After the warhe
engaged in the wholesale grocery and produce
business. He leaves a widow, two sons and a
daughter.

The Rev. Dr. O. L, Presbrey, a retired Presby-
terian clergyman of Brooklyn, died on Monday
in Saratoga where he had been staving*for
overtwo years for his health. Dr. Presbrey
was about 80 vearacid. For many years he was
connected with the Evangelat, He was an au-
thor and composer of hymns, among them
"The Half is Not Told

J ho Amschell, one of the oldeat Gowvers-
ment bond brokers of this city, aied on Satur
cay at Mount Sinal Hospital, He was 7. yeare
old,

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1900.

NN ssn eee

RECORDER GOFE’S HOUND.

CHARLES I. ROAKE SHOT BUT DID
NOT KILL 17,

 

 

Now He Has Been Arrested for Craeity to
Auimaly—Thomas Carney, With Whom the
Reeorder Left the Dog, Says It Was a Fox-
hound Worth $2,000-—Roake Meant Well.

Charles [. Roake, the Water Purveyor of Bay-
onne, and a member of the Republican City
Committee from the Second ward, went to
Police Headquarters, Bayonne, last night to see
some friends that he has on tho force, While
he was talking to his friends, George McCarthy
of Jersey City, the Superintendent of the Hudson
County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to animals, entered and walked up to Roake.

“I've got a warrant for your arrest,” he sed,
“ang if you can flnod bail you'd better come with
me right away aud get it or 1 will lock you up
bere.”

“Ha, ba,” laughed Mr, Roake.
good joke.”

McCarthy soon showed him that his state-
ment was no joke, for he displayed @ warrant
that had been issued for his arrest on the com-
plaint of Thomas Carney of West Thirty-second
street and Avenue C, Bayonne, who charged
him with cruelty to animals Roake went with
McCarthy to the home of his brother, and the
three then returned to Pollfce Headquarters,
where the brother went on the bond, and Roake
was released until this morning, when he will
appear {n court to answer to the hare. when

rom his

® trouble atarted last Thurs

Roake was out riding. Half a block
home at West Thirty-second street and Avenue
C, Roake saw a dog writhing in the middle of
the street. The dog seemed to be in such pain
that Roake got out of his buggy and borrowed
a pia 1 from a friend in. the neighborhwod.
This he emptied {nto the dog, but he did not
kill the ahimal He then climbed into his rig
and rode away, saying that the dog would prob-
ably die in a few minutes, anyway. ‘Ten min-
utes later, Thomas F. Garrett, the proprietor
of the City Hotel, came up, shot the dog twice
and then beat its life out with a club.

Had the dog heen, a mongre) there would have
been no trouble for

“That's a

Roake. But it wasn't.
It was a Russian foxhound that belonged to
Recorder Goff of this city. Carney, who is

Goff'a private secretary, declares that friends
gave the dog to the Recorder, that it was valued
at $2,000, and that there were only two like
itin the country. When Recorder Goff started
on his vacation two weeks ago he gave the dog
to Carney for safe keeping, and Carney took
it to his home on West Thirty-second street,
near Avenue C. When Carney heard of the
dog's death he went tu Jersey City and called
on Supt. MeCarthy. He based his charge on
the fact that Roake had ridden away after shioot-
lug the dog without having killed it

$295,000 LOST IN TRANSIT.
It Was Sent by Express From Chicago to a
Bank in Barlington, la.

Cutcaco, Aug. 20.—The sum of $25,000 In
transit between the Commercial National Bank
ef Chicago and a Burlington, Ia., bank has
disappeared and officers of the Adams Ex-
press Company and of the Burlington Rail-
road are trying to learn who was the
thief. The package was delivered to the Bur-
lington bank on Saturday, apparently as shipped
but the contents were missing when it was
opened. .

Officers of the bank and the express

eompany declined to make any statement
concerning the robbery, but, it is said, the bank
will not be the loser, because the money package
was haudled throughout by representatives
of the express compasy.

The money was ordered on Friday, and {n
the siteraesD re eopntete, of the oaprees
company ca at the bank and gave a reoceip
‘or it. It was billed out and placed in the
through safe of au expresa car, to which
safe the measenger has not the combination,
+4 fate being opened at certain stations along

e line,

Onarriying at Burlington the safe was opened
by the Adams representative and money pack-
ages for that city were taken in charge’by
him. No suspicion was aroused by the ap-
pearance of the package, so tt was ‘dellvere
© the bank without question or unusual notice,
rise came when the package was
opened. Not a billremained of its former
contents. Then anexamination of the seals
was made, but so faras could be seen, there
was nothing to indicate that the parkage had
been tampered with. Officers of the express
company were notified at once and have since
been investigating.

PrALINoTON, Ia., Aug. 20.—A strong bellef is
held here that the dummy package was substi-
tuted for the genuine atthe Union Station ex-
press rooms in Burlington, The package of
money Was removed from the express car safe
by the local night agent Mercer, @ trustworthy
man. He carried it to his office and put itin a
safe where it remained forthree hours till de-
livered to the bank. If heplaced it down even
for an instant during the transfer from the car
to his safe in the bustle of business it would
give anexpert thief the desired opportunity to
make the exchange. The dummy Package
goqtained old print paper dated early in duly
and it is believed that it had been prepared
weeks fp advance and that confederates lurked
about the Burlington station waiting the op-
portunity of making the exchange, So farno
clue to the thief has been obtained.

The su

AORSESHOR IN THE TROLLEY

Small Boy Wanted to See Fireworks—Fined
for Trying to Tie Up the Road.
An inspector of the Metropolitan Street
Railway found a smal! boy trying his level best
to drop a large horseshoe in the Third avenue
trolley slot at Fourteenth street on Sunday
and had him locked up, charged with trying
to put the entire Third avenue trolley road
out of business. Joe Morello was the name
given by the tearful prisoner. fle also said that
he was 10 years old and lived at 822 Fast Eleventh
In the police station be msde,» n-
fidant of a good-natured patrolman, To him
he explained that some one had told him that
by dropping a piece of fron in the trolley slot
he could see more fireworks in five minutes
than he could see in a week at Manhattan Beach,
In addition, he could have the pleasure Of ieee
en
he found the horseshoe, therefore, he felt sure
that it would bring good luck and the promised
fireworks.
Magistrate Brann fined Joe $5 in the York-
ville police court yesterday for the fireworks’
show that didn't come off, As hadn't $5
he will spend this week in the Catholic Pro-
tectory.

sLor,

 

street.

ing all the trolley cars come to a stop.

 

HELD UP IN A HACK,

 

   

Driver Says Two Highwaymen Stopped the
Rig and Tried to Rob His Fares.

ATLANTIC Ciry, N. J, Aug. 20.—Frank Mala-
testa, a local haekdriver, reports that while
driving Joseph MoCarthy of Philadelphia and
Miss J. Watson of New York across the meadows
last night the rig was held up by two highway-
men, midway between this city and Pleasant-
ville. One caught hold of the team, he says,
while the other stood beside the door of the
vehicle and called upon the occupants te give
uptheirmoney. Malatesta saye be swung the
butt end of his whip and hit the man holdin

the horses on the head. He released his hold,
the driver says, and the horses trotted away
leaving the highwaymen behind.

WOULD NOT STAY IN THE HOSPITAL:

 

When She Went Out She Feil and Fractured
Her Skali--May Die Now,

Marie Horch of 828 East Fifteenth street fell
from a First avenue car at Fifteenth street yes-
terday afternoon and was severely injured, She
was taken to Bellevue Hospital, but refused to
stay there after the doctors had dressed her
wounds. She went away and had only walked
two blocks when she fell fainting on the side-
walk and her skull was fractured. Again an
ambulance was called and she was taken to

llevue. ‘This time, the doctors sald, she will
probably @e,

To Restrict Net Fishing on the Hudson,

Ata meeting of the Protective League of Salt
Water Fishermen, held in {ts rooms at 106 Weet
Thirty-first street last night, it was announced
that its old antagonist, the Hudson Kiver Net-
ters’ Association, had declared its willingness to
bury the hatchet At the last session of the
Legisiatire the league advocated a bill prohib-
jing the placing of nets in the Hud.on River,
and it was op »osed vigorously by the netters’
as.ociation. The bill was defeated, This vear,
according 'o President Biedinver of the league,
the netters’ association will combine with the
Jeague in asking for the passage of a bill pro-
hiblting the placing of nets in the Hudson on
three diys of each week

A couimunication was received from the For-
est, Fish and Game Commission notifying the
leag e that owing to civil service regulations
the commirsion could not at present appoint
any member of the league as requested

Found Dead in Bed.

Yong ens, N. Y., Aug. 20.—Kate Mocziar, is
years old, was found dead in bed this evening
with indications pointing to suicide by inhalin,
vas, The only cause assigned is the loss o|
money she wae saving to send to her mother.
She was a sorvant emp oyed by James W, Hane
pigan, a shoe dealer of this city,

 

 

 
 
  

WILD BOY CAUGHT IN BRONX Woops,

Has Lived There a Month With Oaly a Sheet
to Cover Him—Swam From Randall's Island.

For several weeks people near Hunt's Point
in the Bronx have noticed an eleven-year-old
boy lurking in the woods and along the high
ways, At times he was entirely nude, but
soinetimes he appeared wearing a sheet. He
wore the sheet when he visited the houses in
the neighborhood to beg for food, He scared
the women, and his presence was reported to
the West Chester police. After scouring the
woods for several days in search of the lad
Sergt. Burflend and Detective Dillon, while
driving in the patrol Wagon, caught sight of
him and, leaping out of the wagon gave chase.
He gathered his sheet fbout him and ran well,
but the dectlives finally succeeded in chasing
him into the corner of a fence where they
pan ht him and wok him back to the station
n the wagon,

“T havent done nothin’,” protested the boy.
"I was working for a farmer and he sacked
mé and turned me out without no elothes nor
hothin’ to eat.”

He was the wildest looking prisoner ever
captured in The Bronx, the police said. His

halr was matted and unkempt and Ws bedy |
vith swellings from

 

        

 

   

    

     

Ilere are several hundred Jin-
gering pair of tan shoes.

      
          
    
   
    
   
     
  
   
  
    
   
    
     
    
    
  
   
    
 
  
     
    
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
     
     
     
  
  
   
 
   
     
      
   
    
   
   
   
     
   
  
     
  
   
  
   
 
    

was covered 1 sores ab ' ’ ‘
Insect bites. Peter Maher, the fighter, was So they ll not linger longer, we
in the station when the boy was brought ip . : :

“down” the price to $1.50 a pair,
High and low.
All sizes.
All three stores,

and, taking pity on him, purchased him @ sult
of green underwear and a@ pair of green sus-
precers. The polleemen chipped in and got

im shoes and a suit of clothes.

Agents of the Gerry Bvelety, who have in-
vestigated the boy's record, have learned
that he is Harry Wood, i1 years old, a former
inmate of the trouse of Refuge on Randall's
Island. It js supposed that he escaped by
throwing off hia clothing and swimming the
Seune, He has been living in the woods for
a@ mouth

BIG DAY FOR IROQUOIS CLUB.

More Tham 1,100 Citizens of the Fifth Enjoy
the Annual Outing.

More than 1 100 eitizens of the Fifth Assembly
district went to College Point vesterday on the
annual excursion of the Iroquois Club, of
which Senator Bernard J. Martin is President.
The excursionists left the foot of West Fleventh

 
  
  
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
 
  
  
    
 
  
  

Rogers, Peer ~ Company.

256 Broadway, cor. Warren

and 7 and 9 Warren St
6469 Broadway, cor. Prince We Gill orders
1260 Broadway, cor, 32d by mail.

pac 4 West Sid St

FLORISTS' SHOW OPENS TO-DAY,

 

 

Sixteenth Annual Meeting of the Americas
Soctety in the Grand Central Palace,

The sixteenth annual meeting and exhtbi-«

tion of the Bociety of American Florists and

street on the steamboat Cyguus aud arrived at Ornatnental Horticulturists will begin to-day
Witzel’s Point View Grove at 12 o'clock, A| 4 the Grand Centerl Palace, and continue
breakfast was served and then came the] '-'orrow, Thursday and Friday, The dele
oratory. Several speeches were made and of | &ates will come from nearly every State in
course the name of Bryan was greeted with | the Union and from Canada and will number
cheers, but not with more entthusiasin than was | SeVeral hundred. At 10:30 o'clock this morn-
the name of Bernard J. Martin ee . at ees a 4 ygenholmer will meat
, ” em a p ar a ddress of welcome , -

Athletic games followed, ‘Ihe winners were dent Edmund M Wood of Nat n* Ses: ri
yoryard, dash, Walter Ewan; Rg ifemite fub. W fash and deliver an addres. Th tha swans
MoNulty; quarter-miie run, dosepli bFolvey; | ¢ re fn & lnntiure a .
fat men's race, Bernard McKeevy. In the lat- ene te Ne meee ir . " i Md - + Bigg Ora
ter event there were ten starters, and the com- The exhibition ts to be unustially larvae and
petitor with the heaviest weight up was the | peuutiful this year, the manager sald yeater-
winner. McKeever carr.ed 221 pounds. Abase- | gay Jt includes plants, flowers, fruits, Vege.
ball gaine between the representatives of the | taijes, and ornamental designs and groupe
Ninth and Sixteenth precincts resulted in @ Vice | Many prizes have been offered for the best
‘oy for Heo oye eatin of 38 = f trick J exhibits in the different classes. Ihe exhibl-
mong those at the outing wer S tion is a free one wud the public will be wel-

Ryder, leader of the Third Assembly district;
John T. Oakley, Vice-President of the Council
and leader of the Fourteenth district; Thomas
¥. Byrnes, Coroner Hart, Congressmao William
Astor Chanler, Congressman Riordan, WillLam
T. Moore and Joseph A. Flynn.

eorned
THIEVES AT A BOWERY THEATRE,

Got Balky Booty Away From the Atlantio
Garden Somehow, Perhaps by the Roof,

The Elizabeth street police are searching for
a thief, or thieves, who broke into the flag room
of the Atlantio Garden on the Bowery last week

and carried off several hundred dollars’ worth
of flags and @lvssware stored there. Manager
Charles Morlith of the garden firat diso vered
his loss last Wedwerday He is unable te
understand how and when the robbery could
have been committed as the place is guarded
by a watchman at night and is crowded
throughout the day. Mei could not carry so
much vlunder out by the front entrance with-
out being noticed by the crowds on the Bowery
and the rearentrance ia directly opposite the
Elizabeth street police station. It is possible
that the booty was removed by way of the roof,

 

 

 

SHOT AT BY HIGHWAYMEN,

Twe New Jersey Fishermen Have a Lively
Time on a Road in Maine,

WATERVILLE, Me, Aug. 20—A. F. Duren
and D. A. Dinsmore, two New Jersey sporta-
men, who have been fishing in the lakes and
streams about here for several days, had a
battle with highwaymen near this city on last
Friday night. The two fishermen were return-
ing ta this ety to take the train for home, and
hired a man and boy some miles out to drive
them to the station. They heard a vehicle of
some sort moving ahead of them on the road,

nd were startied to hear the first velucle halted

Vv a voice saying: “Hold vp or we will open
the barkers.”

The driver of the firat wagon did not obey

eoommand, and as he whipped up his horses
t robbers let w a volley after him, The
New Jersey men then prepared for battle, and

 

Colleges and Schools, i

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

NEW YORK, N. Y., 435 Madison Ave.

while the driver got the best speed he could (for
cu ofa naga abornn nvood ready with | Berkeley School soys.)

Twenty-first year begins Oct, | Spectal attention
to preparation for Harvard, Yale, Columbla and
Princeton, with opportunity for rapid advancement
New fireproof buildings-Armory, Gymnasium,
Swimming Pool, Lxborawories. Eight boarders re-
ceived into teachers’ familics. For new register and
prospectus, address

J, CLARK READ, A, M., Registram, |

~ Dwight School

15 West 453d Street, New York City.
2let Year opens Sept, 26th,

evidently surprised the highwaymen, for they
ducked into the bushes on its appearance and
then opened fire with thelr revolvers,but all of
the bullets weaot wide of the mark.

The New Jersey men replied in kind, but
evidently without success. When the wagon
reached here the occupants were so excited
they could hardly tell the story, but $e boy
say's at least a dozen shots were xchanged,

NO FORECLOSURE FOR MOLONEY.

Boodle Aldermen's Clerk Arranges for the

 

 

wan High class private school for boys from 7 to 26
Discontia oe of Proceedings on Consent, years of oa. ndividual sieatee gives wore i
7 education has been irregular rge faculty. La

William Moloney, formerly clerk of the Board | Secale Symnadiin” Athletes

of Aldermen, against whom the Equitable Life
Assurance Soclety brought proceedings to
foreclose a mortgage upon his house at 450
Texington avenue, has made arrangements by
which the action was discontinued yesterday
by order of Justice Fitagerald an consent of
both sides. Moloney, who became a deputy
clerk to the Board of Aldermen in 1870, was the

ESSEX FELLS, New Jersey
Individual training to manly, healthy, cultured
eelf-mastery. Ideal situation fn hill country over-
looking the lovely Passaic Valley. Residence roomy.
All improvements. ‘Terms, $500, Noextras
Booklet telis whole story
JAMES R. CAMPBELL, M. A
~

 
  

reading clerk in 1884, when the board - Fi ,

DP he resolution authorizing a railroad ST. FRANCIS COLLEGE,
on Broadway. lt was rumored that he had BALTIC STREET, BROOKLYN.
charge of the “boodle.” He fled soon after | ooxpecTiD by ihe FRANCISCAN BROTHERS.
the bribery exposure of members of the board Classical, Sci ntifie and Commercial Courses

He was indicted in 1886. He came back to this | gotrance 4) Butler street Apply for Catalogue.

city in 1889 after a etay in Canada and Burope. BROLHER FIDELIS, 0.8. £., Rector.
on his return and gave $40,000

 

 

fc munesquentiy $h dic t di anit Wrna? | ie
missed Moloney onevied a saloon ‘at New| HAMILTON INSTITUTE,

Chambers street and Park row after his return,
but it did not prosper and he gave it up.

45 West Si«t St.. Manhattan Square, North,
ht OPENS SEPT. 26TH
For information or

N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Nh Bri

 

CATTLE WAR IN OKLAHOMA,

ta Ms A, Pringipal
PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY COLLEGE

Chester, Pa. Soh year begins Sept.
Degrees in Civil Pngtineering, Claemistry, Arts Also
Thorough Preparatory Courses. Infantry, Artery
and Cavalry Drills A military school of (he highes
order."'--U. S. WAR DEPT.

Catalogues of Col. ¢

 

A Rich Cattle Dealer Assassinated in Bed, It
Ts Suspected, by Cowboys.

WicwiTa, Kan, Aug. 20—News has just

been received here of the killing of a rich cattle

dealer named Huff {n Custer county, Okla-

homa, twenty-two miles east of Arapahoe

He was assassinated on Friday night, the shot

E. HYATT, President

being fired into his bedroom as he slept ‘The THE BARNARD SCHOOL
trouvle was caused by a dispute over cattle 119 WEST t25TH STREET.
laws and the cowboys on a neighboring ranch Office and entrance, 120 West l26th ot
accused Huff of trying to cheat them out of Thorough preparation for College and Business
geveral tracts of herdingland Huff had threat- | Catalogue a

ened to have them arrested. More trouble is
expected between those who favor what is
known as the Herd law, and those who op.
pose it. No one has been arrested for Huff's

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN, 620 VEAR,.
THE INDIVIDUAL THE BASIS

 

murder, but his friends threaten to wipe the Special advantages for saving time in preparation.
“cow punchers” out of exitence WM. BETTS, M.A. (Yale. Principal
- MHE RECTORY SCHOOL, New Milford, Litea
GETTING OFF A CAR, HE FELL: l field Co, Conn, Address Head master, Harvey
een E. Taylor, formerly of Pomfret, Conn., or Mr, Chaties
S. Everest, M.A :
Sebastian Wagenblist Killed at Woodhaven Walitance be permission: ite Wan D. Bae

~Condactor and Motorman Arrested.
Sebastian Wagenblist, 30 vears old, of 268 Ten
Eyck street, Brooklyn, fell on his head while
attempting to get off a Brooklyn Rapid Transit

Patroness of Ingleside

GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY, -

WASHINGTON, D, ©, ‘

. Arts and sclences, law, medicine College and pre
trolley car at Jamaica avenue and vepiet Paratory department ti2th year. Sept. 12
street, Woodhaven last night. He was knocked | ——--——--— ——- ————
unconscious and Was carried to the Richmond | Fer Giris & Young Women~City & County.
Hill folios station, where he died from a frac-
tured skull. The conductor and the motor- LADYOLIFE'§E'.

man of the car were arrested.

Business Rotices.
“The following cablegram from Paris bas Just
received at the New York branch of John

     
 

Academy of Our Lady of Angels Under the
Direction of the Franciscan Sisters.

LADYCLIFF wrst’Point iorkts,

   

 

sewat & Sons, Lid, 126 Bleecker st: “Dewar's | Board & Tuition, $200 peryear, Send for Prospeetus
Seotch Whisky has been awarded the ‘GRAND | ~~ os coo
PRIX’ for superior excelience—the bigbest possible NSTI UTE TISNE, Figbth Year, opens Sept
ward—over all other whiskies’ 26, 1900. Preparation for leading colleges
* = Principal, Mme, HENRIETTE TISNE, oMcerot the

a Academie Francaise, and oficial delegate of the

Mre, Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children | ('njted States to International Congresses un Public
Instruction, held at Paris, 1900,

No. $33 WEST END AV., NEW YORK CITY

ST. M ARTH A’S INDUSTRIAL

SCHOOL
for girls of good character. BRONXVILLKE, N. ¥
Under the care of the SISTERS OF ST. JOSEPH OF
NAZARETH (Epis opal), aoe

--~ - —~
Fer Yousg Men & Women—City & Country,

tecthing, soflens the cums, reduces inflammation,
allays pain, cures wind collo, diarrhea.

25c. a bottle.

 
 
 

 

DARLINGTON,.—On Monday, Aug. 20, 1800, at
her home, Maria Wilde, widow of Peter Darilug
ton, fp the 101 st year of her age.

Funeral services al the residence of her son-in-law,
William Ogden Giles, 2005 Sthey., New York, on
Wednesday afternoon, Aug. 22, 1900, at 4 o'clock.
Interment Thursday at Bethiehem Cemetery, Salis-
bury Mills, N. Y.

FLOWER.—At Prout's \.¢ek,
Monday morning, Aug. 29,
Plower, aged 60 years *

Funeral from late residence, 1044 Madison av., on
Wednesday afternoon, Aug. 22. 1900, at 4 o'clock.
Interment at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery,

SMYTH.—Entered into rest at Atlantic City, N. J.
Aug. 18, 1900, Frederick Smyth.

Funeral services will be held at 10 A. M. Tuesday,
Aug, 21, 1900, from St. Gabriel's Churoh, East
57th st, where a solemn requiem mass will be sald
for the repose of bis soul Itis kindly requested
that no flowers be sent

 

ENNINGTON (N. J.) SEMINARY. on. Bound
Brook R.R.; 62d year; both sexes; healthful loca-
lion; home comforts; nobility of character and care
ful trajming our constant alm; $65,000 new improve

Me, suddenly. on
1900, John Davison

NEW YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 15 West
+ 48d st. Brooklyn, 200 Joralemon st.; prepares
any one for REGENTS, colleges, schools, open now,

Business Colleges.

Long Island Busiaess College,

145% to 140 Sonth Sth St., Brooklya,
The business tralning school of to-day for young
men and young wornen lay aod Evening sessions.
REOPENS SEPTEMBER 10
HENRY ©, WRIGHT, Principal

“THE MILLER SCHOOL

WETMHORE.--At Hempstead, 1.1, Aug. 18, 1000, St. James Boliding, 1143 Broadway.
after a brief iiiness, Abram Brinkerhof Wetmore SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, KKEEPING,
DAY OR FVENING. CT ARS. NO VACATIONS

  

of New York, in Dis 75th year.

“No Ketter School at Any P
Funeral private —— come

 

 

Law Schools,

 

  
 

‘Rew Publications, =| NEW YORK — | Bay Schoo 95 Nassau st
Bee g LAW SCHOOL | "iiwignt method” of instruc

C.—Kipltn ‘s ‘"Recessional,"’ “Vampire.” “Be | thom, LL.B. In tw a: LI.
1 trothed* “Gunga Din.’ PRATT, 161 6b av. i Send for catalogue : GEORG i chase’ -

: i