THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Fair and warmer to-day; tomorrow fair,
southerly winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 62; lowest, 51.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on page 15.

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

 

——
=_—-—

VOL. LXXXIIL—NO. 249, . wy NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MAY

 

 

       

PRICE TWO CENTS.

“

6, 1916,—Copurignt, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

 

— en

BERLIN’S SUBMARINE REPLY RECEIVED BY PRESIDENT;
CONCESSIONS BRING HOPE OF PREVENTING A BREAK;
WILSON RESERVES HIS DECISION FOR OFFICIAL TEXT

 

CARRANZA WILL LONDON YIELDS FULL TEXT OF GERMANY’S REPLY TO LANSING’S NOTE, Germany Insists Britain Shall Abandon Block-

ade and Asks Wilson to Urge Eng-

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

 

       

   

   

 

 

   

 

    
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

   

      

 

 

      

  
 

 

  
  

    

   

     

7
N T BERLIN (via wireless to Sayville, L. 1.), May 5.—Following is the conduct of naval warfare against an enemy resorting to all | ; land A
text of the note of the German Government in reply to the American kinds of ruses, whether permissible or illicit. | an to gree.
note respecting submarine warfare, delivered yesterday to Ambassador But apart from the possibility of errors, naval warfare, |
SCOTT” 8 PLAN HER BLOCK ADE Gerard by Foreign Secretary von Jagow: ‘just like land wartare, implies unavoidable dangers for neu- | NO CLASH BELIEVED LIKELY
rT ‘ behal he t — tral persons and goods entering the fighting zone. Even in| 4 . S
' 2 2 . . - “
le undersigned, on behalf of the Imperial German cases where naval action is confined to ordinary forms ot IF GERMANY KEEPS PLEDGES
Gov t, has the , se his Excellency the . ,
' overnmen is the honor to present to his Excellency 1 ‘far . pe ly ec
Insists. It Is Said. That U nina % ‘ : cruiser Warfare neutral persons and goods repeatedly come
; Said. That U. | ‘ders in Council May Be Ambassador to the United States, Mr. James W. Gerard, the to grief.
" ' : following reply to th te of April 20, regarding the con- ‘he A : 5 ttly |
‘OODS . ' iain i I 0 e note o I ga £ nen £ mmnh oe , 4 >y * >| : ‘, ‘ “ vue Bina * ’
Troops Must Quit Altered. Says Lord Belt ot Carman seunradine wartars The German Government has repeatedly and explicitly president and Cabinet Go Over Forecast of Note for
Moxie | ; or , an submarine warfare. pointed out the dangers from mines, as they have led to the 7 ‘ , '
MENTCO, Robert Cecil, The German Government handed over to the prope? joss of numerous snips. The German Government made sev- lwo Hours—Consensus Is That Berlin Has
. . ' . ’ > ° . s & 8 ”
naval authorities for further investigation evidence concern- eyal proposals to the Government of the United States in Gained Time in Controversy.
T.s. SCOUTS LOCATE PRIZE COURT FREES ing the Sussex as communicated by the Government of the order to reduce to the minimum for American travellers
; ee | sii ' ee United States. Judging by the results that investigation hith- and goods the inherent dangers of naval warfare. Unfortu.)
VILLAS CHASE IS ON SEIZED STEAMSHIP erto yielded, the German Government is alive to the possi- nately, the Government of the United States decided not to | Wsstisvies May S- Though Pues) Great Briaan io act tefinite
| ‘ 7 ‘ ‘ ; ‘ ient Wilson is reserving decision until) 1 4ined, appears to represent a detinite
~ mn bility that the ship mentioned in the note of April 10 as tor- accept the proposals. Had it accepted, the Government Oo fo i ~ ‘ ei ie ot «o over the offictal concession and something more than
Fi. Paso, Tex, May 5.—Sudden inter: | pedoed by a German submarine is actually identical with the the United States would have been instrumental in preventing ee ‘ ae a (adteations tole has ever agreed to do bes
j ee ee nee ] Speco) Cable Despatch to Tne Svs . : ext, there are at Ie ; ore
Gention of Carranga has caused wt hite ‘| London, May §.—Lord Robert Ceci! | Sussex. the gre: iter part of the accidents that American citizens have Night tuat » German reply to the The main Telianee of the United
is r der ey ti regarding the | \tinister of Blockade, announced to-day | The German Government begs to reserve further com- met with meantime. The German Government still stands by american nov will avert the danger of, oe Government in its belief that
nadit camp: Mexico, according to Seine’ . a <a : . : ® * ts . ° } ce ‘tie é has ‘ the President's be
a iiaitan Massive tes ane 3 ae E at Great Britain has made four im-) munications on the matter until certain points are ascertained its offer to come to an agreement along these lines. Lan immediate diplomatic break Fbnda in Gaeiuinas ce te wee de
. Svea USE ‘ ‘ portant concessions constituting re- : ba a . +03 » ‘ ‘ f ‘ The oflel ext of the German note eee CeCe Cnrr ence . a
apparently reliable source I cation af her blockad. wf ermany. Which are of decisive importance for establishing the facts As the German Government has repeatedly declared, it) | The mow tesco ' a coe % “lsaed by the Imperial Government to
ist hmoinlivmae. Aha tnd oe Siieeg tee teert en ee slit otal . . : e% ad he State Jeparimen u- | its subt ine cor anders hese
sed to Tatty the agreement effect \ prize court has granted appeal to! Of the case. Should it turn out that the commander was cunnot dispense with the use of submarines as a weapon in '" andere state: ee
ferised to ratify the agree nt i Bie , 5 eas etaayner:| . ° ‘ * eh Sa a
. by Gens, Seott and citi i oa vats ‘ - aie sal 1 ‘ : re. | WPONE In assuming the vessel tobea man-of-war x the Ger man the ¢ onduct of warfare against enemy trade. T he German The German note. though unsatis- In accordance with the seneral
. ' Zamor: > Ze last June ane ite vw . . ‘2 . ‘ | , Ms = ”
ch ' it is said, that Gen. Obre- | ah = 7 : a ae seta Ges renment Government will not fail to draw the consequences resulting Government, however, has now decided to make further. so... woo several points, apparently | principles of view and search and
r re ] Kiet ; . iter rae r bh jj : ma . : : * f ‘ the destruction of merchant vessels
gon adiere to big instructions and urge : ° 7 oa : ~“ @ . . ‘pee aris : + . . ieets e Preside s basic demand e
the {mmediate withdrawal ie Hie et | ogether with her cargo of coppe sev. | therefrom. ( oncession, adapting the methods «¢ submarine warfare enence! : : ican recognized by international law, suci
troops, Pull ; Jeral blockading orders may be aban- | : ‘ the interests of neutrals. In reac Aine this decision the Ger- it Germany “immediately deela Vessels both within and without the
ih \ a Arsh that he is to induce} doned as a result of this action, Lord Repudiates Sussex Assertions. aman Government is tuated 1 v nsiderations which 1 °| ind effe tho abandonment of present) area declared a naval war zone shall
i ne in Government to at least 1S | ot me. Indivated é ' e Ss actuate ) considerations c are and bat ; OE. hie cain t} Soko
te for thate thal } haces AM be tthe a i * 1 vis of submarine warfare \ sunk Without warning and
PURSE SOP CHSE wrens ip Shippers to and from ral countries In connection with the case of the Sussex, the Govern. | above the level of the disputed question. LS ehepinai cubmeride commanders! “Without saving human lives unless
Carranza is represented ¢ eine vers ath s aay ‘ oe f . ¢ ahin atts ee nih enn ie
Puch opposed to appro a vagres. | Nill be assured that bu documen's ment of the United States made a series of statements, the! Sacred Principles of Humanity. biave been ordered to conduct their} jf 00? & ere ’ i
: ene NB ANY ABE] ill be placed in a separate mail b ; ‘ 5 ‘ : we ; , sewn : Seer oese:
ment which seems to lend official Mexis| gig silt be. eicamhined withiout datas J“ gist of which is the assertion that the incident is to be con- The Germun Government attachesno:t Widen ce ae et. fhe orders appear deft raw
A ton to the Ame e minhaiento RA) OPN Sisemeenee ses ety = e Ge Ove e ches no less yor@Mane oO Ani th the eral principles ot " eee yepear Ge ! Phodga,
tastin. ti ie AMIOTICAN COMB | od on the ship on which they were, sidered but one instance of a deliberate method of indiscrim- sate " rad “ - Moprincipl but officials already <ee a possibility
in o by pledging cooperation and | Phe the sacred prineiples of humanity than the Government of the vie: and sear recoenized by inter. it they may In Bi nodlvarentit
even a partial use of the railroads joriginally mailed inate destruction of vessels of all sorts, nationalities and des- |... : : iH : Par rR EAL aren a CUrerenw in
Many messages are known to have! ‘The Dutch steamship Aiwina has been! |, : ; United States. It again takes fully into account that both novens: vow and these orders, ae- pretation according to whether or
bee exchanged to-day between Car | ; ; ta ve owner, tinations by German submarine commanders. The German Anverinients tor +1 ated 4 ; ; Finia. vo the tote: are in eitect how ( an armed merehantman is res
yanza and his Minister of War, The | Testored by a prise cour ae 7 G mument must emphatically renudlate the assertion 7overnments for many veurs have cooperated in developing s pera enter ded as a ‘merchant vesse The
‘ t t then rego: o- con. | bee se her « ro although destine un . . win oh i. ne . Dee thc. aa 3 ue * . fact that rerimalny UNV A dileua = ¢ * ;
t that Gen, Obregon: to-day cons | Decalise her cargo. sithougn Hestined for | eery meee tpeae np , ae hiiaag international law in conformity with these principles, the i. ha carers | Mittd States bas flatly taken the
santly caused the postponement of what) Germany, had never been delivered | The German Government. however, thinks it of little ultimate object of which has always been to confine warfare" ({'{"°D* f° Shataw the coke | dena fiat this te the proper and tegal ;
) Ve bee le conference | tnere i ; 4. ¢ . 4 Si ¥: vet vaai A \y2 ed States obtains con-! designation of HIGSRHE nih bn Mee Pe
With "Gen: Brot Mave color to the res | T ght Germa { Austrians @VAil to enter into details in the present stage of affairs, more on sea and land to the armed forces of the belligerents and |, 2... - re . for iefence. Ui rhe pa Pour toc ,
hore that Gen. Carranza had failed lirtyse it Germans and Aus ne , Pe : : ite : tect hoe $e i : ' i é € S & ssions from Great Britain relative to £0 clefenee sermar is declared ee
10 see the force of the argunie nts. which }taken from the American steamship particular ly as the Gov ernment ot the United States omitted to safeguard as far as possible non-combatants against the'::. wicnde an otc Temarded Neces: ate th Iiperial Government regards a
couvention should be tatified | nS’ | China, ware ordered to be released im to substantiate the assertion by reference to concrete facts. porrors.of war. But although these considerations are of great ssrily as vitiating Germany's conces- ime a stirs i
onvention should be ratifies ' at . wee . . . ' a > : t t t 2 arils . ating Phan . st ice as uNXiliary wars m fot he 1
mediately ‘The Government admits (1 Phe German Government will only state that it has imposed weight they alone would not under the present circumstances ~ "800 (0 Americas demand | reagon that the Hritish Admiralty | 1
*e 1 Arne ai presentation of the facts ye] “Vv alo a res Cc 8s S rh eax pe Ts : ; , ‘ is aunt Sane e One8 =e
eee Ce eee eee vect and that is own far reaching restraints upon the use of the submarine, weapon ; : ue ‘ The United States, it is explained.) ordered them to aciack submarines 4
This gave rise to-night to the appre- | intorniat on wan wrong Is’ . x have determined the attitude of the German Government. ;w know how to deal with this threat} ft now develops it Secretary Lan- im
bension that the whok son teren e might | |” rains deli ‘solely i in consideration of neutrals’ interests in spite of the fact In answer to the appeal by the Government of the United; =) eld it be pur into executiol In the | sing made public the American memo-
fesult in utter ailure oof t e eve of Vo Alter Orders tn Caounell. ‘x 2a ere rietions are necessarily of ndvanta re to Ger- meantime le 68 marine menace tol randum defining tie status of vino
oie i what promised to be a most | oo atc orer ieee pal i that the se rest si é : : antage t re) States on behalf of the sacred principles of humanity and | Pecan Wae nt al terrta ai: ledat’ teliis | BeOR RAG ee aie agi F
@tsfactory agreement the , ‘ ‘ Ve 2g ; : ; ' } rose
Lieut.<Col. Michie, aid to Gen. Scott, | Urder in Councti Lord Robert said) - Many senemies, ; international law the German Government must repeat once! porarily eliminated, nud this is the ob- f meeting some , t
vi MOON Tae ee Sete eaten ce ele Dene No such consideration has ever been shown neutrals by more with all emphasis that it was not the German Govern- *)) '"" “ ch the President has been) The United States foresaw the pos
} at 10°06 this terning ane ul methods ¢ lo » " ‘ « ‘ striving «: t Germany won Pept y: ait A.
if a see Bein iia an\nt is’ 4 questfon whether it { mt a le to Great Britain and her Allies. ment. but the British Government which, by ignoring all the ! 2 ' erie io redi with cer=| to exclude oh at 4 mei mie r ey ;
i automobile and returned to the maintain che various odrrs 'f e court ee ‘ ae ntcn ; Peers noe i aig x - ae i ; ) t the "reside wecepttsabhipg fray the ' wa at)
Bi Paso side. Gen, Scott said that he bold they cannot contravene the prize German submarine forces have had, in fact, orders to accepted rules of international law, extended this terrible war 1°" ee eee cil witlirctis een et ok ordinary me!
sae RENE RR ener Pee Geena Ok ceree ae sae ceized ny re CONduct the submarine wartare in accordance with general to the lives and property of non-combatants, having no regard acacons strenaly point thar 8 a
meeting me oof Obregeor argo of cotton was seized by t r — fitkat t re he Gert : ai
pruned lh gi al aa ae Sth vee principles of visit, search and destruction of merchant vessels whatever for the interests and rights of neutrals and non. To° Preeie eGR EG, Ala eter Lansing on Armed Shinn, qt
he -norlow n route from e ork ’ ; > ‘ ‘ sania a , . : Fi : : Bs D moa a fre arlin, Just before Pe Ma
Obregon indicated vesterday that Sir Samuel Evans, president recognized by nt eniationsl law, the sole exe ption being the combatants, which through this method of warfare have been pec. rc; merting He reuiat ty ais SEP Meine 84 I! as tis
he Ree eee ets requisit! Stara War conduct of wartare against enemy trade carried on enemy severely injured. In self-defence against the illegal conduct @!s errs aml or eines escussea tu eee FOWBISID LG if
phe A gh Me Mt eee F pavoniited aii: AiDON! freight ships encountered in the war zone surrounding Great of British warfare, while fighting a bitter struggle for mae ye ayeession made by MEPCANE Vessel ofan oun i
ring he s enty-fo | permitte an appeal fr ; v8 . saa _ este ti ake ye ee Le : ' . ' fatal ani : Bh.
‘ uring: she. laa. wee ancl Da i Britain. With regard to these no assurances ever have been tional existence, Germany had to resort to the hard but effec. t2« sharp words in tie preliminary don the high seas ie é t
to-day 1 i! great holida An a result of thit decis an bs the given to the Government of the United States. No such assur- tive weapon of submarine warfare. parts of the note Was offs theo us oie ‘ Bi )) { gerents and i |
v i Gen, Obregon ane vis of iq Jud al Comittee representa es ¢ , = . : cvs Vesna . . 9 aes Wasa . the of ®e orders to ¢ Marine Com ; ‘ >t na ' aw
ee ae aaa aah reine Sore centers ee ance was contained in the declaration of February 8, 1916, As matters stand the German Government cannot but morders which mdicates the specitie Mend i's
ts8H irageous Menicn Ld Tverd court expressed the : : ° . : ; essions WwW . the Imperial Gove che 4
Zaragosa, with a Mexican army, ernment would not . . reiterate its regrets that the sentiments of humanity which M ! ' of
a PATER OER SD ee eine (eet tat Sita Tis weeanti ad cnaeipion A Question of Good Faith. k an ee sali } Biirenneree Dicnrnshicnea enkde, ick’ unaeratood “The deter a hikavcha A
arm? at Puebla andveattiedvonce for all laf international jaw in pressing cases if the Government of the United States extends with such fervor coc ce Presiden: fer thar much of 88°" Mast rest cn ns case Upon pie a
elentious claims of the noun = the prise ourt rhe German Government cannot admit any doubt that to the unhappy victims of submarine warfare were not ex- [O° ("ose ih os ee e 1 presumption eye i
t reate an empire in this west- Two days after il appeal ow per ‘ a ni heen 7 awe sa ; : ‘as ; ~ ; ‘aes for ~ home PESUIMTE pay one seriit t rane ! ‘ “ ‘
a ; mitted in tae Tkimora case the . these orders were given and are executed Jn good faith. tended with the same warmth of feeling to the many millions y is 006 guarantees. pot the Words e of an armame rid iH
sconts Locate Villa, De ne ee oe eee | Errors actually occurred. They can in no kind of warfare. of women and children who, according to the avowed inten- [ot ierested toe Presidey AMRHE nian eee UnObA Bits i
Villa's hiding place has bee : ae Joseph * orene Sets SE ene a be avoided altogether, and allowances must be made in the | Continue Loan Second Page Hrenk Seems Averted, ive it to be a warship and 1 ned 4 Nf
e \Vmerice scouts ate n be foun: ha the 2) doctrine now ’ ck wit i ; j ’ ti
. ante oe ve «los af n upen> was that Orders in Council which gro- - - Following the Cabinet meeting there ay the poe o rage a e Taghts gh
t ndit leader “somewhere in Mexico.’ posed to alter internat.omal aw were it ‘ were further indications t t un im- : t }
. ieee sammie pera, [baad nig eats S| MEW SPAPERS OF THE COUNTRY EXPRESS GENERAL A: vey pu
j ' ser woe Pershing to Gen. have to proceed without the assistance Secretary Lansing suid : or Purther Discussion,
Be rE en Pee aya [OS ae | VIEW THAT GERMANY MEETS PRESIDENT’S DEMAND wy isin" 00 2 9 ghittiee "coo
ershing, um Stated, he ‘ . ’ ' me th i , Serra)
graphed that he had Villa located and Dotch Steamer Released, d 1 Way at this tine Die arity Dos Germany agree
that he expected to close in on the bane In the case of the Dutch steainship Pa ee atten ‘a wars Ly sland cwnen 1CHee tee bu ie udded Jater that certain in- i : PUL Yr does Germany stil
ae diately The message did not ’ ce a : \e . ae : . é i -_- - . s ' i & ne i ' ea v f si cnet ‘ a se mf ae 1 ties ( noerning the Hote probably ai iin ft i hie is the riehe) to ite
Alwina, the Crown brought forward evi- ye treated ina amee with the pri motion the world confli ' : : t rn I
et voere Villa had been found, but Sea ‘ s} as seized off Fale gs i hin te » ciples of terna 1 lay h ware | ‘The it anal ROTH GNiits hich | corp? wae would be made of the German Govern : > ed merena easels the
rat Americans had saune ae ork Gita peg Can way aoe to e German A mertean | vOsK ( alls Jn force bef eon 0 alive ( 7 ing ae such fe Be aN ifosive will i | he \ om Md ( alls Reply \r- ment This was regarded as an ad- a a : aA MAT shia. \\ ttark
! nerion is wo ild capture him, if the after an attempt to supply coal to the for Action Noninst excep to eases of vessels that attempt: eve deter President Wilson from our , rovant Insolent and Insult- missiet that t Meite ad at least ’ #9 3 Phe onty iswer =
; : eee ent from Ban Ane; German cruisers in the Pacific. The ves s = Oe ape oor resist visit and search lertaking it and thus tax his conscience = served the purpose of reopening diple- Pore. mits eoessar ‘ from
: ii sane os , aca i or sel actually disposed of her cargo 0° * nego sritain. his icession is ide without any) with the terrible consequences ino—tkor NV “Onn ' i negotiations between the two (Ue (Mperkd Governm 1 1
a whe re pie gd \s pan ore ‘coal toa British firm after the Germai Great Bi clauses and qualifteations whatsoever German Gazette CPhiladeiphian The Ine For No Bargain. ee une ‘ah Hinastiinis A Necessitates further nied al pea
itis - on w distribution of the! fleet had been Gefented off the Falkland eS Re 1 eg ‘1 ned a aA at ve +P Bs ee PAGAN Sr nee ib Cee BG} e a | igen eae on bad made it clear that in case the forther opportunity for Bertin to One
ys Islands Mh } \ DEM ANDED i ‘I vane rateeiaaee ie ont i PESTS = HR OBES. § ee ovement] German repiy dl not ome i deavor to impress its vie Wpelnt on th
f : . ¢ ‘ : The prize court decided that although I \ | R Pi \ . rh . prevailed upom to oat the principle length to prevent a break with the! “TRI BI NE" FOR \ BI : > erm ep dha er is ode United : e
telephone message from Columbus : “ ' * ie ; AG i fEAK ie he. 1 it sf : nites mieten (rave roment
” { she ‘ carries . raband and had ‘ nterna@ional baw e sume manners t ted States he German ve mands e Would eo enter inte an
ba t thirty Carranza customs guards 5! had carried contra ae Sed _ | Judging \ BER ,
et ane CRATER mt \ false papers, as she had not delivered —— n whicl inv ts rendy to observe tient las given p that it is vt further diseussio . ee ate
oe € yiliee Re te the coal to the enemy, she was free | these eeu Tstriving to heep peace with the 1] Other Calnnet officers reflected tha | su ‘rine mins hs 5 ;
taeda and ordered: ihe. come Pfrenialablllts ; te dee{ [nh the prensa of the country the Pres dent W Ison can enforce this, he (states and to preserve this pale MURCIA UAE AR WARGAAIA Dict hac Aha jensen bad. teluad fe ‘ te explained in
The Mexivang. \ nf naa ” ie arian the China ‘Tord Rebert manyves re pis has substantially met int ne ‘to Use tls powes in the. inte rest; war ; nen frees 10 a hieh ha  daman ae aear ‘¢ oe is eth eee ee tne not discuss the matter specifically, but ‘ F i te Gernin ; ’
. ting “Cinco de Mayo,’ ins hat ished it understood that : ‘ of humanity in all directions. President) Goverument believes itself entitled on tion. The concessions are h that we Said he was going on a flehing trip as) [tty fo do its utmost tie or
n othat eo American flags said that he w ae yd saul? GA President Wilson's demand ; : , a ynatan lt ated : ; ‘ +f ‘ ORBOt raat aii that we : uld i away from: ¢) erations of the w f
‘ 2 eat iin as, treated as a particula ase ; : _) Milsen to-day fas portunity Of in-jaceount of its Opponents’ violations of | are ardly ‘doin handing Count S00n as he could set a \ Nea eriion fin ite oR aAC, : >
> tent ten pn. Bax dem a and wae not to be ao nsidered a precedent That portion of the Kerlin docu aleulable ‘ Will he make use of fthe law of humanity vor Bernstorff his papers We have! White House be ¥e t Rent , aS Fhe
a re ut | Soeeist ah ‘ ‘We are not going to say that every ment which criticises this Govern-) it \ decision rests in his The Frete Presse (Cimetamath) The) only one answer to imake to Germany The left the errespondents 10 Gor m all eins camer SUrING [reese
; Re Y \ " rer lene travell on a neutral ship will; ; . , ot) anit. bands,” German note distinetly sounds the pres-) regarding her proposal that we force heir own conelusions e higt ua ‘eer
bp ia = . re, Y dan ie cc seal tye hs sain “The special Ment’'s course with regard to the Brit New Vorker Herold. -fn its last analy- ent spirit of Germany The Germa 1; England to ft her food ‘blow vasa as ope ee t ne ie ae ; me ehieits en ente that G
Pas 7 ne og sink an wie aliouiislisices in each case must be con-: ish “blockade” is warmly supported in) sis, Germany's reply to President Wil , Emperor and his people do not want) Germany, We shall eonduct our foreign ve pat Al made : rs ae ¥e Rey Atatome ¢ mo aoe I Pe pats u ‘we TeVOting at
tt) Dor ter this mornhit res, sidered, In the course of time the United | the German American newspapers son's “ultimatum in appeal to the, war with the United States. They fully | affairs with (ireat Britain without dik mn at a Aminivtration would: aes ac ae eS aa ee aaains
7 : 7 ; epee sea ha } Y. " : fai ss of the American people. ce Appreciate the friendshi f this coun-| tation fre Potsdi the German promise and let the de- ne ut net reat Brita
He ae on LOWY: thelr Res | af we) # fare Ye eet Hope is expresst d that this “dis- rae vields io t! z Rae hear w a a FANE has aon ie teat ae " an) a the rea bsppint apne answer of the. Velopments of the future decide the auishes the blockade The
mertean wer ane re aise 5 , . ‘ vear : ’ . ¢ : ‘insane aint ote states that ‘the oh
5 terior when n whieh plose seized were conce ned erimination” will cease at d that Presi- specting submarines There are no cor ea 3 . Cerman Covernme » the latest de eourse of thos Gaevernimes ia Sys ; ‘
bher then ° The Minister announced also that nue! area ninpedk anateatic ditions attached to the assurance that The Cierman note is a strong doeu-) mand of the Government of the United lovernment ‘ nee
hae nh all ot than ang Fr i ST AnatRAn es had reached him dent Wilson will proceed energetically the submarine war will be conducted | lve and will eo down in history as ay Stites for an iiuimediate abandonment of Note Leaves Loophotes, re : , : Se a te State thas
4 also reported that twe against the delay of shipping papers! against Great Hritain along the lines heretofore fixed by ine | tiasterplece of diplomatic communicas| its present methods of warfare agatus! is ia ey aval rees ha ved the
4 Melcher and Wheeler ree wing to the censorship of the mails, bes! & to be the general view of ternational law Hon. Germany has gone pretty far in} passenger and freight carrying vessels! Ther " wever, much doubt on) Mowing orde
of Mazatlan, had heen fined) cause of which cargoes could not be un- It seem : Hioweve: our Government is re) Meeting the proposals of President Wil-| is a dexterous rejoinder It will molt. | certain points covered in the note rt e construct vii erbera af
41.000 of a for refusing to) leaded. since their papers had been taken; the country’s newspapers that there ininded that Germany's adversaries also son Tt was not to he expected that shejlify the public mind of Germany and) The mote, if is polnted out, is so worded “ ae Ss Cabinet, becau s, place
. na correpey. ‘The Amerie! and lad not heen transmitted on thes oiouia be no severance of diplomatic Have broken the law of nations. What | would stop the U boat warfare, Unless; muddle the public mind of the United} as to leave many diplomatic loopholes) {7 Me orders is 1t Cie oe Nake
pea hen these ‘es were » ship Ile proposed that in order a 4 ] shall be done with them?  Shath they, President Wilson has made up his mind | States <x Vas fn ; & her fu 1 concessior wy e in the
t ‘ hese fi sane a] proj . a Berlin's ew : for the Imperial Government IR-8O Wane : '
bya currency they were to avoidysuch delays shipping papers be relations in) view f ruin NeW enjoy immunity while the weapon with | 10 break such an event will not oecur “Tt is pitched in @ tone so sneering as f aa 4 t practically der i hope of Dringing the desired essio
er insisted upon by the placed ih # separate bag. which would! pledge which their Hegal practices were fought | Tf he aets reasonably he will agree tothe to satisfy the Germans, and couched ino | ameq (nh - ata a “ nands from Great Britain, Viewed hix te
hen aceampany the ship to its destina- s torn from Crermat hand? Noe the Present German proposals’ terms so clever as to mislead many flrther ehierdation on Various phases onthe Wis are not inclined ¢ relieve that
tie Naturally, he sald, this bag would 7 ’ ’ sense for fair and oust dealing whieh Wespltche Post (St, Lous) "From a Americans, With the exgeption of the Of the controversy It is doubtful if) the German Government wy make a
sy VATCHFUL WAITING he opened to see that it contained genu- GERMAN AMERIC AN has always distinguished the American) lon-partisan standpoint the German reo concluding paragraph, the rejoinder was al me here understands precisely issue of the armed merchantmen que
ABAL al " f i é j T ine shipping papers The modus oper- Sra San WAITS people, will not tolerate discrimination, | Ply makes a deep impression as a ostn- written for ‘home consumption and may. what Berlin's attitude is on severay of Ue 1D carrying Gut these orders Yet
" li oof the ‘plan will be left to the PRESS € OM MEN y We are certain that all illegal practices | cere desire for peace. The deeision for) be dismissed as a stump speech dies gy, viral questions involved For this there is nothing definite to + .
Amana ia Lie eM ie APT PPT Uy te shippere will have to stop President Wilson) war or peace lies in the hands of Presi | tated by domestie necessity.’ NARA ICA o President, it te sala, | *° ording to official
. The Ger reply to) DAS been rather lenient with England, | dent: Wilson” | ‘The Herald) While Germany's reply. 1 PeCetont IENER Gl ' , bs a
Hane Vota, The Germans and Austrians, who were | Staats-Zellung e ‘ ferman reply 10) uch more so than the « rouMstances | Vhe Ameriha (St, boule) The Presi, to President Wilson's ultimatum con i Fol : VEHIE ATH ne Dass Rte ‘: Orders to Submarines,
" My ; Nedosposition w outed by Great Britain for alleged | President Wiisou's. fatest  ¢ tie justify. ¢ dent has failed in his effort toe put the. tains much thar te teritating and mane Met m it tantil he as closely studiec
Nive iy forces in) Mexieo, foleg compheity in a plot to stiy up a@ revo. note had thoroughly disappointed the The Amerthal Magyar Kepszava, | uueston of a break of diplomatic rela- that is irrelevant, jis general effect as the oMetea taxt ; in BAete te ;
,opecod oof onilitury watehfull tution in Indla, were taken off the (hina hets whe predicted that: the Rerlin ! Hungarian Dally “Justice is on Gere | tions up to Germany, and the question disclosed in its concluding pledge. cvan- Apparentiv the German positon on Mipiinaa-ie tha dtitainent ¢ 4 ’
ed for immediately after! py the British auxiliary cruiser Lauren. Prep F Mead ta, dene ithe yn. | man's side. That much we are yet} rests with Wilson.” jstitutes a distinet compliance with the; the vital point at issue—the suspen- gan submarine con ; : ‘ ihe oder
we ece ved here that Glen. > tie on February 19 The vessel was on Government titender Fe "Ons permitted to state and write. Such in j American demands and so proves a trie) sion or abandonment of illesal sul Se eee Fendi idles i
! ‘ wi bbe operat ne : er en r i
nal ipproved the ten ver way from Shanghai to San Fran-) traversy further along deed has been our opinion and our behef r re) puinph for the Presidents course ‘lng arfare —conld be : couting in t aatiaae ‘ay >
reached at the horde: eae The Teutons were bround for a note is devoid of all attempts from the tneeptlon of the submarine | OPIN ION s Or THE { After long and patient efforts he has ee br ba o ie Hl “12 ne ae * ia aaa aoa n the er eri ;
hetween Gen, Scott and Gen. Manila ; ; eae {| Issue Now, that we earefully and, "PICAN PPS!) apparently brought Germany to an oo! 7 : aa ? , , i ee 1a ee : : :
antl I anican Gavainhiant nainied out pAb vanial) and hidden phrases, and di | thoughtfully considered the last note of AMERIC AN } RESS ARIBOMOt Gi what tuepinations) jaw Germany h is suspended its illegal ¥ Y esaeipls . e ‘ » Ger
(te Seolt has received word that the Germans and Austrians would | reethy tackles the question at ia in) Germany, our belief becomes firmer and ee plainly decrees, and so can only ask Submarine’ warfare in the hope that a . sedis ihe cl id Ray TAS
ent Wilsons approval he has hace been compelled to transship at Nae all ite essential points and makes @) our faith deeper, not as Hungarians in Molto > Are iter Stem her to perform with fidelity what ehe the United States will now insist pon Hien . ee +} ' ee : antare
i ' g Inther to Washington ae aki to yeach their destination and | clear presentation of the situation syoipathy with them, but as impartial, Following are the editorial views of TOW promises, In) these circumstances Great Britain abandoning its legal uh os ruance i “i . - Ree , Pi aaaae
: nfereesx did not meet toe thes might have been arrested while In As aomatter of faet the German Gove unprejudiced and truth loving Ameri: | bewspapers throughout the countrys ‘the President would have no eeeasion blockade.” yee ee " i ay pa Ram AE Fe
‘ assed that Obregon is stil’) duapan ernment in this way proceeds from the cans - j for withdrawing Ambassador Gerard, or sretefore German f ; . ba ey ae arvete trees Pe mert ae
humanity standpoint of President Wil- Uiel bunnidankoAsiannhinkooanlim ate : & . OE een daverine toletike a ave R He : tof ra steeiet \ has offered to in ernatior al : ‘LW, ie aul ‘ xeep "
Continued on Fifth Paye Knead “WHAT ¢ on LD GERMANY pa. sen In fact, it declares ftwelf fully) the sentiments and interests of the twa ROS TON r Leet ieee KSA RAS sbandoan ie Hlegal submarine opera. being the ond it ‘ ‘ \s ‘ !
- * FOR IRET. ANI Tames WK. MogGaire willing te accede to the President's de peoples severs diplomatic relations and - | ty securing se mueh that is substan. [10Us simultaneously with an abandon - eae i - a a Rt ee ne SER EY
CHANGE 'y TIME NENW YORK CENTRAB the oo : yan 4 practic! ig +e foe mand by making kuewn new insteaes brings aboot the atest inevitanle eas) The Globe -"Germans's reply te the! tive he can afford to overlook the an. | ent ef the bloekade by Great Britain BOER 5 it eA
lion . aay | j Ou pel Cj mn DUK. The ea ittahas "tons given to the submarine commans) lamity of war, he would commit a mere) Uyited States is shrewd in its cone lias; DOsINe aspects of the notes phraseologs, New Germany apparently has made i re era
eved ves et vedennngs nd St. Leule ) £20 West @2nd 80, New York Price $1.) ders in whieh it has ordered that all) fatal offence  agalinat humanity And! tion, heen in its arguments and clewerly + - , the first mave as a concession to the left on official Atal ia EAL : H pa a
\ Dar ney hanges consult agents.--4de | mae lenemy merchantmen, outelde and within | againet mankind than was perpetrated’ vague tm its conclusi ons, It was evti- Contimued om Second Page, | United States without waiting for] factors Germ my new rdera, it je
» ¢

 

| he ee ee ee