Cloudy with showers to-day and prob-
ably to-morrow.

Highest temperature

 

——
=—_

VOL. LXXXVIL—NO. 82. in

——

 

 

 

weather wigerts oa Chia ee *

 

 

++++

 

see

CHICAGO ROUTED TEN KILLED

BY CINCINNATI; | IN ARKANSAS
RUETHER, HERO RACE BATTLES

Young Pitcher Not: Only}Three Whites and Seven Ne-

 

Subdues White Sox, 9 to
1, but Makes 3 Hits,

 

 

groes Among Riot Vic-
tims in Elaine.

 

OBTAINS TWO TRIPLES'500 REGULARS ON WAY

 

Cicotte, American League| Blacks Attack Posse Seek-

Pitching Ace, Batted Out
of Box in 4th Inning.

 

ing Murderer of Rail-
way Agent.

 

REDS FURNISH SURPRISE} FIGHT IN CITY’S STREETS

Use Mace With Telling Effect} Wounded

on 8 Hurlers in First*Game
of World’s Series.

 

STANDING OF THE CLUBS.

rR WwW. Le PC.
Cincinnati (N.). 26... i 1 0 1,000
Chicago (A.).......44- 000

By a Staff Correspondent of Tum Sux.

CINCINNATI, Oct. 1—This southern-
most end of Ohio is just one lurid, red
smear to-night and Cincinnati is in
the wildest throes of an ecstasy which
it never before had known. And well
might this city celebrate. While 30,511
persons looked on in varied stages of
acute frenzy at Redland Field this af-
ternoon the Cincinnati club of the Na-
tional League triumphed over the
Chicago team of the American League
in the first game of the world’s series
for baseball supremacy. And as might
be gathered from the score, which was
9 to 1, it was none of the ordinary
successes either,

Not since the Philadelphia Ameri-
cans had beaten the New York Na-
tionals in the final contest of the 1911
classic, by 13 to 2, had any cluy been
able to record as clean cut and deci-
sive a result in the annual interleague
competition. Add to this the fact that
Cincinnati never before had been rep-
resented in’ the classic and that it
had gone into the series conceded only
the slightest ofanunder dog’s chance
and you have all the ingredients of a
wild exultation which the Queen City
lost no time in concocting, even as the
players still were battling on the dia-
mond.

Standing out in bold relief
the carmine background of
nati’s splendid achievement was a
young man of twenty-five, Walter
Ruether by name. Ruether was called
on to pitch against the great Eddie
Cicotte, hero of the 1917 world’s series
with the Giants of New York. And
Ruether pitched. He did at/least that.
When the last Chicago batsman came
to the plate, with neither ambition in
his mien or menace in his pose, thor-
oughly cowed by the cunning and the

against

 

Taken to Helena—
Appeals for Reenforce-
ments Made.

4

 

Hevena, Ark., Oct, 1—Three white
men and seven negroes were killed in
race riots which broke out this morn-
ing in the town of Elaine, near here,
according to telephone messages from
there late this afternoon. The dead
white men are James A. Tappen, a

prominent business man of Helena;"

Clinton Lee, also of Helena, and W. 8.
Adkins. A fourth white man, Ira Proc-
tor, and a number of negroes are said to
have been wounded. Late messages from
Elaine said that further trouble is ex-
pec and that 600 Federal soldiers
are their way to the town from
Camp Pike, near Little Rock. They
should reach there by midnight. —

The riots, according to advices from
Elaine, grew out of a fight between
negroes and members of a . posse
searching for the persons who’ last
night fired from ambush and killed W,
D. Adkins, a special agent of the Mis-
souri Pacific Railroad. Reports have
been received here and in Little Rock
that other white men had been shot
from ambush within the last two or
three days, but these have not been
verified,

Ambushed at Church.

Deputy Pratt and Adkins and a negro
trusty were ambushed opposite a negro
church at Hoop Spur, two miles north of

| Blaine, while on their way to arrest
members of the Clem family, who were
said to be involved in a row among
themselves,

A man pamed Clem, alleged bootleg-
ger, had been reported “on a rampage”

Cincin-/|in a message to the Sheriff from Elaine |

authorities. Clem, it was asserted, had
|threatened to kill his wife and other
‘members of the family, including W. H.
! Clem, formerly a contractor of this city,
but now a resident of Elaine. The mes-
Sage requested that deputies be sent to
arrest members of the family to prevent
gurther disturbances.

+ The, automobile in which Pratt, Ad-

kins and the negro trusty were riding, |

lit is said, was stopped before the Hoop
| Spur Church to repair a puncture, and
| while working on the car the party was
' fred upon from the church by unidenti-
‘fied persons. Adkins dropped dead and

 

——--—— +

 

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1919,.—copyrione, 1919, by the Bun Printing ond Publishing Association

-——--—- — ——

 

 

PRICE TWO

 

 

 

 

WILL NOT LET OUTSIDERS RUN HIS BUSINESS; |
WILSON’S DECISION ON FIUME WORRIES ALLIES: |

German Embassy in
Paris Opens Again

PARIS, Oct. 1.—Baron Kurt von

Lersner, head of the German
delegation, left Versailles this
morning and went to the German
Embassy in Paris.

ITALY SERKING
RUMANIAN AID,
SERBS CHARGE

   
     
       
           
       
   
       
      

 

 

 

The German Embassy has been
officially vacant since the de-
arture of Ambassador von
choen at the outbreak of the
European war, although a small
party of minor German function-
aries came te Paris some time
ago to put the building in shape
for occupancy n the resump-
tion of official diplomatic rela-
tions between France and Ger-
many.

VOTE ON TREATY
CHANGES TO-DAY

Action on Fall Amendments to
Be Taken as Answer to
Charge of Delay.

Jugo-Slavs Insist Secret
Treaty Has Been Made as,
Result of Crises.

U. 8. MISSION IS HOPEFUL

 

    

Later News Indicates Landing
of More Marines Than
First. Reported.

 

By LAURENCE HILLS.
Staff Correspondent of Tuk Svun.
Copyright, 1919, all righte reserved.

Paris, Oct. 1.—Confidence was ex-
pressed in American mission circles
to-day that the Italians would accept
President Wilson's decision regarding
Fiume without taking extreme meas-
ures, despite the fact that while vot-
ing confidence in the Nitti Government
the Italian Parliament affirmed Italy's
claims to Fiume and in effect gave a
mandate to the Government to en-
force them,

American confidence here is based
mainly on two things. First, private
despatches to the effect that the Ital-
ian Socialists are opposed to war with
the Jugo-Slavs and threaten revolu-
tion if such a war is declared, and,
second, that Italy is so economically
dependent upon the United States that
she must conform to American policy.

The President's spokesmen here,

both in the Italian and Rumanian sit-
uations, lay increasing emphasis on
America’s economic power over the
nations with which the United States
iis associated, save possibly Great Brit-
‘ain, From the way the threat is made
jit would imply that all the economic
jagencies in America-can be mobilized
lin support of any one of the Prest-
dent's policies here.

 

REAL TEST COMES LATER

Equality With British Empire
in League and Reservations
Principal Issues,

 

©
Special Despatch to Tue Sux.

Wasuinaron, Oct. 1.—Directly con-
futing the Administration suggestion
that there has been purposed delay
and fillbuster by the Senatorial oppo-
nents of the peace treaty and League
of Nations covenant in unaltered
form, the majority to-day promptly
accepted the suggestion of the minor-
ity that a vote be taken to-morrow on
the Fall amendments before the con-
clusion of the calendar, day.

‘rhe Wall amendments provide that
America shall not be represented on
the numerous boards, commissions
and committees formed under the
|} terms of the treaty for the adminis-
Wilson's Answer Disappointing. tration of intr&continental problems
; Burope is disappointed because Pres-\in Europe. There are thirty-six
| ident Wilson's answer postpones if ity amendments, all sjmilar in form.
| doesnot preclude the possibility of @; The vote on the Fgll amendments

j

}

settlement of the Adriatic question; and cannot be considered in anywise as aj}

coupled with this is the growing resent-| test of the strength of the two sides in
ment in French and other circles over; the !eague controversy. The defeat of
the use and display of American eco-; the amendments by a considerable nmga-
nomic prowess to bring about the set- jority has been foretold for weeks.
tlements the President desires, but vo. |

garding which others disagree. It is!
| not helping the ‘concert of free peoples |

in Reservation.

The purpose sought by them can with
| the greatest ease be accomplised through

Covered

BELGIAN RULER
ARRIVES:NATION
TO HONOR HERO

King, Queen and Prince
Will Step Ashore at Hobo-
ken This Morning.

 

 

GUESTS HERE TO-MORROW

Great Welcome Planned for
_ Royal Party—Will Leave
Sunday for Boston.

 

Albert, King of the Belgians, the
heroic ruler who spurned peace when
it involved dishonor, will set foot to-
day on American soil for the second
time in his career. The transport
George Washington, bearing the King,
his consort Queen Elizabeth, Prince
Leopold, Duke of Brabant and heir
apparent to the Belgian throne, and
the members of their suite, dropped
anchor off Sandy Hook last night and
will proceed into the harbor at dawn
this morning.

‘After the formalities at Quarantine
have been completed the vessel will
dock at the army piers at Hoboken,
where the royal party will be received
with fitting honors by Vice-President
Marshall, Secretary of State Lansing,
Secretary of War Baker, Gen. Peyton
C. March, Chief of Staff; Breckenridge
Long, Third Assistant Secretary of
State; Gov. Runyon of New Jersey
and Mayor Griffin of Hoboken. Major-
Gen. David C. Shanks, commander of
the Port of Embarkaflon, and his staff
and a number of other military offi-
cers and civilians also will be in at-
tendance, Admission to the pier, how-
ever, will be Hmited strictly to those
who have passes signed by Mr. Long,
who is in charge of all arrangements
for the progress of the royal visitors.

Seeond Visit to the United States.

It is twenty years since King Albert,
ithen heir to the throne, visited the
United States. He was then unknown
}save as the possible future ruler of a
little Eufopean State about which
| apeenenny knew little and thought less,
{and his arrival and the extensive tour
he undertook in this country excited
little notice. He comes to-day as the
representative of a people who have suf-

| fered all that war waged by a relent- |

‘less foe can inflict, and triumphed at
In his own person he stands

power of the lefthanded delivery which; Pratt was wounded. The trusty, who

 

 

his team had tried in vain to solve,

Ruether was still in the box, pitching. |

Cileotte Driven From Mound.

Aad while Ruether was out there bask-
ing in the smiles of the multitude and
wallowing in the salvos of their approval,
Cicotte was sitting {nm the club house,
rummaging over the strange upsets
which Fate delights in staging. For

while Ruether had more than triumphed, |

Cicotte, accounted by most men as the
most likely hero of the series, had been
driven from the mound in a wild assault
which had netted the Reds five rugs in
the fourth Inning.

The shine ball master, who had gone
through another league season with .the
awe and respect of every batsman who
had faced aim, had not only been
forced to yatire under severe fire, but
he had bee. chastised most ignominiously
and greeted by the Cincinnati batsmen
with no more respect than if he had
been the veriest of tyros, just breaking
into the major league.

Great as was the wonderment over
the fall of the Chicago star, greater still
was the delight of the intensely parti-
fan gathering over the wonderful show-
ing of Ruether, who at the end stood out
as the heroic figure of a conquering
Alexander of old.

Ruether’s Hitting a Feature,

Ruether not only made his left hand
work with consummate mastery and cun-
ning, for he allowed the White Sox only
8ix scattered hits, but he wielded his bat
with the terrific effectiveness of a Cobb,
Jackson and Roush all rolled into one.
Four times Ruether came to bat and
at the finish his percentage was 1,000.
The

pass, “Good enough for a pitcher,”
Shouted the fans. But it was not good
enough for Ruether.

Chis young man of 25, with eyes cver
turning to a pretty, smiling young wife,
who sat in a box close to the playing
area, had other and more heroic plans
and ambitions,

 

role, He was bound to prove his versa-
tillty with the ash, too, and let it be
recorded that he succeeded even beyond
the wildest wishes and most sanguine
hopes of his wife, himself and the thou-
sands who sat in wonder stricken enjoy-
ment of his performances,
The second time Ruether came to bat,
‘he fourth inning, he. faced Cicotte
an overpowering desire to hit this
cago idol, already tottering, just
ere his clay feet showed. One lusty
'e and Ruether had smashed out a
ee base hit into centre fleld and had
red both Neale and Wingo. Clcotte
‘inained on the mound yet a while, but
‘hat triple of his rival was the one mur-
‘Yous blow that struck right at the vet-
er heart and sent Roy Wilkinson, a
‘Unester only recently acquired by the
White Sox, warming up.
‘ertainly Ruether had done enough for
‘s day, particularly for @ pitcher work-

Continued on Bighteenth Page,

in
With
{

 

first visit to the plate yielded him.

Kuether was not satia-,
fied alone with playing a great pitching |

j escaped unwounded, made his way to a
| nearby railroad station and telephoned a
report of ihe incident to the Sheriff.
Pratt made his way to Helena this
| morning, despite his shattered knee, and
was taken immediately to the hospital.
The accounts of the deputy and the

| negro trusty indicating the attack on the

 

three men had been made by an organ-;

ized band of negroes, posses were hastily
| organized by the Sheriff and rushed to
| Blaine.

Negroes Halt Posse.

The first posse to arrive was met by
a force of armed negroes and immedi-
ately sent back urgent calls for reen-
forcements, declaring the negroes were
assembling in large numbers and had
begun promiscuous firing on white per-
sons. Additional posses were organized
ore and at Other centres of population
‘fn the-county and rushed to the scene.
| Within an hour reports came of a
| pitched battle In the streets of Elaine
| between the posses and negroes.
| Early reports said between a thou-
sand and fifteen hundred negroes had
| assembled in the vicinity of Elaine and
were armed with high powered rifles. A

| girl telephone operator, between
i screams, told an official here fighting
!was in progress in the streets, Mes-
‘sages followed in quick succession urg-
ing additional reenfercoments, guns and
ammunition. A message was sent to
the Governor asking his aid in obtain-
ing troops from Camp Pike.

In one message Chief Deputy Dalsell, in
charge of the posse at Elaine, telephoned
that his force was greatly outnumbered
and that firing had become general.

Later it was reported that the negroes
had been driven from Elaine, but that
fighting was still in progress a mile to
the north, where the band was supposed
‘to have received reenforcements. Fight-
| ing in this vicinity continued late in the
‘afternoon, but died down toward dark
and wearied poses men began to return,

Early to-night, however, negroes were
reported again congregated in the out-
skirte of Elaine and Joseph C. Meyers, in
charge of one of the posses, said he ex-
pected another battle to begin at any
moment. An hour later, however,
message was received saying the situa-
tion had grown no worse.

 

Negroes All Armed,

The fighting apparently continued
throughout the morning and most of the
afternoon, as a telephone message from
Elaine shortly before 5 o'clock said that
all ‘of the negroes were armed and that
| Shots were being exchanged between
whites and blacks in the streets of the
town.

Joseph Solomon, president of the
Helena Chamber of Commerce, said to-
night that two or three wounded white
men, in addition to Proctor, have been
brought to Helena for treatment, City
officials here have also received a mes-
sage from Joseph Myers, who was in
command of. the posse which started
after the murderers of Adkins, saying
the situation at Elaine was critical and
requesting reinforcements to help keep
order until the arrival of the troops.

More than a hundred negroes and
a white man who is alleged to have had

 

Continued on Fourth Page.
9

‘the President has talked about if the
| comment heard here indicates anything.
| Both Rumania and Italy, threatened
/in this manner, have been brought into

| accord and the Jugo-Slavs are now in-)

| sisting that a secret treaty has been
i made between them for mutual support.
| Again the Americans are showing re-
' sentment over the attitude of France and
| Italy toward the Rumanians. Assistant
| Secretary of State Polk read a telegrain
lin the council to-day complaining that
the Rumanians still were mistreating
the Hungarians, All he got, however,
was exclamations of surprise.

| Jt now appears that not a handful,
 sut 500 marines were landed from an
American warship at Trau and that they
took the city away from the Italians.
This incident appears much graver than
was indicated in thé American explana-
tion and while it is denied that the
marines were landed under any order
of the council it is admitted that the

 

 

mile zone around Spalato and that these
ships are authorized to maintain order
undef a general agreement of the coun-
cil, ;

 

Serbian Version of Affair,

A curiow feature js that American
marines landed and expelled an Italian
dictator while the council has ruled that
D'Annunzio's dictatorship at Fiume is
an Italian affair. The Trau and Fiume
| occupations appear to be of the same
kind.

The Serbian delegation gave out a
statement this afternoon in which they
said the Italians entered Trau at 2
A. M., and that they immediately pro-
claimed a dictatorship. The Ital‘an
troops were not enthusiastically
\ ceived, according to the Serbs.

The Serbian statement does not con-

{form to the American explanation that
{the marines landed at the request of
ithe Italians. ,On the contrary, the
| Serbians contend that no sooner had the
Italians taken the city than the Amer-
foan# landed, recaiving a great weicome
ifrom the Jugo-Slavs, who then rushed
}into the streets; to repel the Italians.
'The Serbs say tie Italians fled, abandon-
ling to the Serbs the booty they had
collectéd,

The Serblan communique , says the
American warship is still under orders
to prevent any new Italian attack, as

re-

isuch precautions now seem necessary to’

prevent new movements by the Italians,
who are now seen concentrating behind
| the lines and placing artillery on all
| pemee leading to Trau. These move-
ments, according to the Serbians, are
causing much alarm, as they give the
impression that the Itallans are gett'ng
\ready to provoke armed conflict.

‘HUNGARY SOLUTION

 

\Indisposition Now to Organ-
ize New Government.

 

By the Associated Press.
Paris, Oct, 1.--The situation in Hun-
gary, upon which depends the negotia-

Continued on Senemth Page.

 

 

American navy {s patrolling a* seventy |

| WAITING ON FIUME:

i last.
| 4 reservation to the pact qn the part of
: the United States whereby the American
; Government would hold it to be unneces-
| sary for the United States to hold mem- |
; bership upon these commissions and |

| committees whose functions are solely , swept from the earth.
; to deal with Continental problems. nee ae - ig permnctten tie ot
j i i ¢ all that moved the American people
} m is anticipated that the irrecon- | sympathy with the allied cause even
| cilables among the Republicans of the | hefore events impelled this nation to
| Senate, with possibly two or three votes | take a part in the great conflict against
| from the Democratic side, will constitute |Germany, and he will receive a popular
the entire strength of the backing for | reception such as few visitors to this
Senator Fall. |country have been accorded.

As the Fall amendments are in no The official ceremonies at Hoboken,
sense @ measure of strength of the oppo- | however, will be brief. Vice-President
'gition, so algo may be considered the | Marshail wiil welcome the royal visitors
Moses amendment, which will be next in|}On behalf of President Wilson, whose
i line for consideration by the Senate. illness prevents his presence, and Gov.

The Moses amendment provides that | Runyon also will speak. Then the King
in the deliberations of the assembly of |}@74 Queen and their attendants will
the League of Nations the right of an | be taken in automobiles to the Waldorf-
| autonomous colony to sit in a case in-|AStoria by way of the Twenty-third
volving controversial rights of a mem- | Street ferry. At the hotel they will oc-
ber nation shall be denied and that no |cUPy tne rooms used by Gen. Pershing
member nation shall sit in judgment on |" his return from France and addi-
a controversy in which one of her au- | tional apartments along the Fifth ave-
tonomous colonies is involved, ‘nue and Thirty-third street sides of the

The Moses amendment, just as the | Puilding on the third and fourth floors.
Fall amendment, is not expected to be! Mr. Long was solicitous yesterday that
adopted. Its discussion probably will | the royal couple enjoy complete rest and
occupy the Senate for two or three days |@ict until they become officially the
and then with the arguments clearly | Suests of the city on Friday, He said
outlined and the situation defined this |h¢ hoped the public would permit them
amendment, too, will be beaten. to remain in complete seclusion.

jas the personification of «Kingship in its
ancient and true sense. He comes too
to express the gratitude of his country-
men for the timely aid which came to
them from America, aid without which

 

 

Fight on Shantung Igsue. Real Welcome To-morrow.

But the Moses amendment, like the |
Fall amendments, is capable of trans-
mutation into a reservation which can |
be ratified with the predominence of res-
ervationist votes existing in the Senate. nicipal fleet will escort the transport

The Moses amendement will be fol-| fom Quarantine to the Hoboken pler,
lowed by the Shantung amendment pro-| but the oficial greeting of the city will
posed by Senator Norris (Neb.). This take ‘place to-morrow. At 11:30 to-
amendment will develop a bitter fight | Morrow morning the royal party will
and closer result than the Fall amend. | 0° taken in automobiles to one of the
ments or the Moses amendment, The! North River piers, whence they will

b s ‘proceed by boat to the Battery. A
debate on Shantung promises to be the! card of honor composed of two com-

most acrimontous and perhaps the most panies of regular infantry, two com-

protracted of all. | panies of seamen dnd two companies
WV '
q With the Shantuag amendment ais- | of marines will give the honors due a

posed of, possibly defeated, the way will
be cleared for ecasidenbtion of the John- | sees, e Soren 4. oats
son amendment providing that America pe Queen and their attendants to the
shall have equivalent voting power ‘n’ City Hall by way of roadway and
the league assembly to any nation and! park Row.
its autonomous colonies in combination, At the City Hall Mayor Hylan will
Its exact purpose is to equalize the vot-j extend the freedom of the city to the
ing strength of the United States and the! ova) couple and the King will make
lng: are sere eer. real! q brief address in reply. The King and
st of strength on the part o e Sena- "
ee ete ae en tah aoonte "tae Queen, accompanied by the members of
to the Peace Conferene for revision. onor, will then r °
As the tally of the Senate stands to- - > "The guard of oat wiea
night the vote on the Johnson amend-| the command of Major-Gen, Barry, com-
;ment will be exceedingly close. The! manding the Department of the Bast,

Democrats claim a tiny majority, On! and Rear Admiral Glennon, commanding

the other hand the best’ estimates of the! the Third Naval district.
| other side disclose a net majority of two, On Friday afternoon the royal party
A tie would defeat the amendment. wi'l see 50,000 school children in Central
| Park and in the evening they will at-
tend a gala performance at the Hippo-
But where the reservations are con-| drome.
, cerned the tale is wholly a different one. Saturday's programme includes
| It is known to-night that not only will! to the Woolworth Building,
' all of the reservations prepared and in- | Exchange and
| dorsed by the Foreign Relations Com-
}

Representatives of the Mayor's Com-
mittee of Welcome will go down the bay
to meet the George Washington this
morning and several vessels of the mu-

 

-See New Reservations.

visits
the Stock
the Produce Exchange
by the King, and luncheon at the Hank-
mittee win their way in the Senate, but|ers Club as the guest of the Committee
that a number of reservations. not hith-!for Relief in Belgium. In the afternoon
w discussed will be presented in va royal couple will receive the rep-

 

——4
Continued on Bixth Page,

 

ed

Continued on Ninth Page,

att

the Mayor's committee and the guard |

Gary’s Policy Is to Cut
Prices First, Wages Last

WASHINGTON, Oct, 1.—In his

testimony to-day before the
Senate Committee investigating
the steel strike Judge Gary,

chairman of the board of the
or States Steel Corporation
said’

“The general public now re-
quires increased production, that

may even necessitate increased
hours up to the limit set by the
willingness of workers and their
health, but there is no use of
talking. about increased wages
and decreased production and at
the same time roaring about ris-
ing prices. J’m in favor of high
wages, but there comes a time
when there is a limit.

“In my view prices are too
high right now. The right way
to do is to lower them first, and
decrease wages last. That is the
policy of the steel industry.”

LABOR CLOSES
PRINTING SHOPS

152 Magazines Suspend Until
Workers Recede From
Radical Stand.

 

A. F. L. WITH EMPLOYERS

 

International Heads Denounce
Men for Not Living Up to
Their Contracts,

 

Presses in 250 printing establish-
ments of the city other than newspa-
per plants were idle yesterday as the
result of demands made by four radi-
cal unions, which are at loggerheads
with the International Printing Press-
men's and Assistants’ Union and the
American Federation of Labor; for the
immediate introduction of the forty-
four hour week and an increase of $14
weekly in wages. The publication of
152 magazines with countrywide circu-
lations is suspended temporarily, Esti-
mates of the number of persons thrown

yout of work vary from 7,000 to 10,000.

The difficuity resulted from a lock-
out instituted by the employers against
all pressmen who are not affiliated
with the international union and their
refusal to accede to demands which
| they assert would increase their labor
cost by 662-3 per cent. and violate
contracts entered into by them with
j{the international. These contracts
| Provide for the introduction of the for-
| ty-four hour week in 1921.

“All the outlaws have to do,”

 

said

Major Berry last night, “is to agree to!

jtake the obligation as union men to
| respect the laws of the international,

| ing printers. Bagley and Nolan. are|
| drawing salaries and naturally they will
| continue to draw them as long as pos-
sible. Their unions have voted to pay
no strike benefits for two weeks, The!

 

 

BRITISH STRIKE
NEARS AN END:
PARLEY FAILS

Other Unions Chary of Join-
ing Railway Men in Ty-
ing Up Kingdom.

 

MORE TRAINS OPERATED

 

Premier Tells Mediators He
Will Not Treat With Men
Till They Return.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sv.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

Lonpon, Oct. 1.—Every indication
points to an early settlement of the
railway strike. J. H. Thomas, secre-
tary of the railwaymen’'s union, headed
a delegation of strike leaders that
called on the’ Premier this evening,
and while the conference did not
achieve any definite result, it is be-
lieved by those in close touch with
Thomas and the other union leaders
that they will accept any reasonable
offer looking to a return of the men
to their posts. »

The railwaymen thought they could
conduct a strike against the Govern-
ment without any help from the other
unions, and when they saw their
tlans failing and witnessed a resump-
tion of service on the roads, accom-
panied by hostile demonstrations
against them, Thomas announced pub-
licly that he wanted the other unions
to join the strike. This was an ad-
mission of weakness.

But instead of the instant action on
the part of the other unions, as he
had anticipated, the strike leader found
only a half hearted response. Public
feeling’ has been so solid against the
strikers that the other unions hesi-
tated to act, which they knew would
bring down the wrath of the public
upon them,

All through the day the railway men
have shown the greatesi eagerness,
even anxiety, to end the strike, with
the result that there have been re-
peated rumors that the men _ soon
would return to work. It is hard to
establish any definite basis for these
rumors beyond the general feeling that
“something is in the air’ and that
the strike in some manner nobody

seems to know anything about will be
ended.

PREMIER WILL NOT

 

| DEAL WITH STRIKERS |

they would in all probability have been | the American Federation of Labor and}
jadhere to contracts made with employ-{ Tells Me

Railway Men Must Return.

By the Associated Press.

LONDON, Oct. 1.—For the first time

membership, forced to carry the strike ; Since the railway strike began there has}

|
|

|

 

Steel Corporation Chairman
Tells Senate Committee
of Strike.

MEN ARE HIGHEST PAID

 

No Wage Demands Made; 1%
Points First Heard Of in’
Newspapers. dot

he
eeccetecneeamneng ing

CLOSED SHOP DENOUNCED

Judge Refuses to Tell What
Wilson Said in His Appeal ..
- for Workers.

 

a.
Special Despatch to Tar Sun. Saat

WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.—Judge Elbert
H. Gary, chairman of the board of the
United States Steel Corporation, ex+
plained with detail mndecomplete frank
ness to-day the policy ofhis corpora’ on
in dealing with labor. He appea
before the Senate Committee on ae
cation and Labor, which is investigate
ing the steel strike. '

The corporation, he explained,
makes it a fixed policy to receive {ts
employees for the consideration of
any grievances at all times; but.it
will not deal with organized lebor
as such because of the firm belief
that labor organizations are not UBe-
ful to labor, industry or the publie .

Concerning matters which passed
between himself and President Wi-
son when the President asked hin to
meet” the grievance committee “of
labor organizations Judge Gary did
not want to answer questions. ,

“There is no mystery about what
passed,” he sald, “but I consider 4t
proper that any statement should he
made by the President.” ;

In opening his statement Judge
Gary denied stories about the alleged
unfairness-and cruelty to ite em
Ployees. He particularly denied
stories about the death of Fannie
Snellings at Brackinridge, Pa., which
was described by labor leaders “as
having been caused by gunmen of the
steel company. As a matter of fact
he showed the corporation has wo
works or interests in that *own.

 

About 260,000 Men Employed,

Judge Gary said the Steel Corpora-
tion and its subsidiaries employ about
260,000 men, and not more than 40
cent. were out. This includes the coal
mining and iron mining compantes,
The coat mining operations in Penn-
sylvania, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, Weat
Virginia and Kentucky are extensive,
as the company makes its own coke
and mines nearly all of its own coal.

He promised to give the committee

| the number of employees in the steel

‘burden, certainly will not tolerate the! been a serious attempt at mediation un-!

leadership of Bagley and Nolan very! certaken to-day,

long. >
“The leadership of the local unions,

committed as it is to a complete cen-! its thirty-six unions to a

as foreshadowed lagt
night by the powerful Transport Work-
ers’ Federation, which before committing
sympathetic

sorship of all publications and ogher | Strike decided to see if it was not pos-

Bolshevist principles,
|management of the printing industry,
is of such a character as to prohibit
any cooperation and encouragement of
the policies they have outlined. We wiil
give no quarter to the acknowledg::!
Bolshevikit and make no compromise
with those that follow the course of
anarchy and. industrial disruption.”

Strikers Are Confident.

Despite the hostility of the interna-
tional the strikers asserted that they felt |
certain of winning, and announcement
was made at their headquarters at!
Maennerchor Hall, 203 Hast Fifty-sixth
street, that a number of the employers |
already had granted their demands, The
announcements were wildly cheered, but !
their truth was denied by Major Berry
and officials of the Printers League |
Section of the Association of Employing |
Printers, which has opened offices in the
Flatiron Building.

In addition to the members of the |
outlawed unions, 300 printers in the job
loffice of C. J. O'Brien, Inc, at 22
‘North Willlam street, walked out yes-
| terday afternoon. Representatives of
| the firm refused to discuss the situation,
, Sixty compositors employed by the Carey
Press, Thirty-ninth street and Tenth
avenue, which prints the Century May-
| azine, Vogue and Vanity Fair, bolted!
|the International Typographical Union,
“Big Six," and struck yesterday, accord-

ing to Col. William Green, chairman of
|the Printers League Section of the em-
ployers. The compositors demanded $50;
a week and the forty-four hour week, |
;Col. Green said. Seventy-five others |
jemployed by the McGraw-Hill Publish-
\ing Company also quit, it was reported.

Reports that friends of Leon H. Rouse,
president of “Big Six,’ had told the com-
positors privately to present demands |;
as individuals were denied emphatically |
by Mr. Rouse last night.

“The stories are absolutely untrue,” |
|} said he. “Whatever they did was done!

as individuals and not as representa-!
tives of this organization. 1 understand |
that some of our men are quitting in|
disgust over the peculiar situation. The j
Technical Press, in the Rhinelander |
| Building, is reported to have laid off
{100 typographic men to-day. As there!
jis no work, it is likely that a lot of
men will have nothing to do in a few
days anyway.”

All members of the Printers League
section of the employers’ organization

Continued on Third Page,

 

 

 

a

including soviut|6!ble to bridge the narrow margin pi
Na-

arating the Government and the

j
|

|

 

diation Committee , industry ajone, skilled and unskilled,

and the number of each class strik-
ing. During the war the number of
unskilled laborers was much greater
than in normal times.

“Are the hours of labor longer for
steel corporatian employees than for
other companies?” asked Senator Me-
Kellar.

“I would like to refer first to the
matter of wages,” replied Judge Gary.

tional Union of Railwaymen, namely,! “The lowest rate for unskilled labor,
whether the terms already granted the; ten hour day, is 42 cents per hour. This

lecomotive men should be granted also} is

other grades of railwaymen

, Government,

A number of ministers and other in-
fluential men were called into the con-
ference, and at its conclusion an of-
ficial statement was issued to the effect

‘that the Government would only resume

negotiations provided the railwaymen
first resumed work. The Premier, how-
ever ,consented to receive the executive

 

on the eight hour basic day, the

The tran#port workers’ depytation of! Worker getting pay and a half for
eleven men which called on Premier! overtime—that Is, 42 cents per hour
Lloyd George for this purpose included | aces ats aoe ik
some of the most conseryative and far | the frat eight hours and 68 centa per
seeing members of the Labor party,; hour after that, This makes $4.62 for
among others Harry Gosling, president) the ten hour day. Some boys get as
of the transport workers; John Robert | low as $3 per day
Clynes, formerly Food Controller; Ar-} ah J >
thur Henderson, James O'Grady and “The rollers, who roll the hot metal
; James Sexton, Labor members of Par-! into shape, and must be skilled in
;Mament, The council sat three and a} deailr ith the t
Path tae aehlation chads ot 1g with the temperature .of the
offer, conditional or ungonditional, to I metal and the adjustment of gauges,

get as high as $32.56 per day.
Average Pay 86.37 a Day,
“The general average of our manu-
facturing companies, all employees emt
cept executives and g@iling force, get
$6.37 per day. This includes some at

of the National Union of Railwaymen, | $8, Some at $10 and some at $12 per
and, acordingly, the deputation of trans- |

port workers, with J. H. Thomas, Presi-
dent C. T. Cramp and other representa-
tives of the railwaymen proceeded to
Downing street again to ascertain on
what basis negotiations might be re-
opened,
some basis
reached.
Men Must Return First.

of settlement be

may

The following official statement rela-
tive to the conference was issued this
evenings

Replying to a question from Mr.
Gosilng (president of the Transport
Workers Federation) the Premier
said:

I am ready to receive the execu-
tive of the National Union of Rail-
way men and hear what they have
to say, Dut I am sure you will agree
that nothing !s to be gained by am-
biguity, more especially as there has
been a deal of misunderstanding a'-
ready. I want, therefore, to mnke it
quite clear that in the Government's
opinion it would be quite impract!-
eable to continue negotiations until
work is resumed.

Apart from other considerations,

aueeemnerdine
Continued on Third Page

<2 Onerasinaenpanedeonmenion cneeemrreeene

cauarnsacanneuppeniaredonemenmmensenes

GRILL ROOM AT THE PLAZA.
New Open.
Tea, Dinner and Supper Dances.— adv,
iA

|
|

day. The average for unskilled labor
is $5, for skilled labor $6.70 per day,
“The practice is that wages in each

| plant are based on individual capacity

Feeling is strong to-night that |

of the men and promotions likewige,
Under the open shop system every
man is on his merits,

“Our statistics show that 264% per
cent, of the men, or 69,281, work twelve
hours daily; 192,362 work eight and
ten hours a day, af whom 88,994 work
eight hours and 103,902 ten hours, The
average earning a man a day, not in-
cluding executives and selling force, but
including superintendents and foremen,
was, in 1914, $2.98 a day; in July, 1919,
{t was $6.27 a day, an increase of 114
per cent.

“The coal miners and coke operaters

averaged in 1914 $2.74, in 1919 $6.26
daily. The iron ore workers ave
In 1914 $2.74 and in 1919 §5.76. The

transportation employees averaged in
1914 $2.71 and in July, 1919, $5.03 @
day. As a whole, unskilled labor, work-
ing ten hours, earned $2 a day in 1918
and $4.62 in 1919,

“The salaries of superintendents apa
foremen would not appreciably change
these results. Some superintendents
earn up to possibly $6,000 or $7,006 «
year, but I doubt if they would make
a change of a cent a day in the ave
age.”

"The rollers who earn $32.56 &, dan”
¥

CENTS.»
<a

GARY SAYS CLOSED SHOP INJURES WHOLE U. S.; —

 

 

 

ed

nee

oe

x, see