Ve

‘SH

T
lie

E|
IN BRANDT CASE?

Investigation of Court of General
sessions May Follow
Collapse.

 

vO INDICTMENTS AT ALL

Judge Crain Would Not Receive Pre-
5 sentment Reflecting on
Rosalsky.

 

The Grand Jury which has spent nearly
two months inquiring whether or not
Folke E. Brandt, Mortimer L. Schiff's
former valet, was landed in prison as the
result of a conspiracy took ite discharge
yesterday from General Sessions Judge
yc. T. Crain without returning indict-
ments. It presented Brandt as a thief
but not a burglar, Judge Crain told the

* iqrorsthat that point was not for their
coneideration and made them cut it out
of the presentment

The refusal of Judge Crain to accept

the presentment as it was written will | time may not be unfitting to make a sue- |

he followed, according to a report from
Alhany night, by a request from
Attorney-General Carmody that the Gov-
ernor and the State Senate investigate
the Court of General Sessions here. The
Grand Jury subscribed unanimously to the
’ snding that Brandt waa guilty of grand

last

larceny for entering Mortimer L. Schiff's |

house on the night of March 8, 1907, pat |" the public press,” said Mr. Whitman,

that he wa=not a burglar. The District
\ttorney was not consulted by the jurors
in this proceeding, although a committee
of five asked him after the vote had been
taken if the presentment would be legal.
There was a story here that several
Supreme Court Justices expected that a
presentment declaring that Brandt was
not a burglar would be received by Judge

Crain and that these Justices were sur-
red when Jndge Crain declined .o
receive ic. Lc waa said that Attorney-

Geneial Carmody was promntiy informed

over the long distance cvelephone that |

‘udge Crain had refused to accep. a
presentment that reflected upon a fellow
Judge of the Court of General Sessions.
Judge Rosalsky, who had
Krandt to thirty years for b urglary inthe
fret degree.

Mr. Carmody, according to information |
received by THr Stn, let it be known |

that the Senate would be asked to inquire
into the procedure of the court with which ,
both Judge Crain and Judge Rosalsky
are connected. The Senate can inves-
tigate at will, but it can remove a Judge
of the General Sessions only on the recom-
mendation of the Governor and by a
two-thirds vote. It is hinted that the
clause stricken out of the presentment
wy Judge Crain was designed as an in- |
itiative which the Attorney-General will
now get along without. |

It is pretty late in the session to get!
a matter before the Senate, which ad-}
urns to-day, but of course a Senate |
committee could sit and report either!
to an extraordinary session or to the
new Senate to be elected next November
along with a Governor.

Mortimer L. Schiff said when he heard
{ the original presentment:

“Lam of course delighted that (he Grand |} orses under control.

Jury has once for all disposed of Brandt's | were negotiated going down Arrowhead
lying tales and of the charges of conspir- | hill and this descent was made with the
| h

acy. To my mind it hes always been per-
fectly clear, and stillis, that the man com-
injited burglary in the first degree and
would have been convicted of that crime
if he had stood trial. The main thing, |
however, is that the long fight which}
‘ay counsel and [ have made for a full!
investigation has been won and that |
Brandt is at last shown to the public
to be the lying criminal that he is,”

Brandt will go back to Dannemora |
{the habeas corpus writ by which he got
out is dismissed on appeal and no Gov-
ernor pardonshim, If the writ is sustained
he will be formally arraigned for a new
trial. He is now out on $7,500 bail. |

The Grand Jury met at 2 P. M, yester- |
day for its final session. For an hour and |
4 quarter the twenty-three mernbers |
argued about a presentment, Nearly
half insisted that no presentment should
he made, In the course of the alterca-
‘lon 4 committee of five headed by James
Buckley, the foreman, called on District
Attorney Whitman to ask his advice, ;
When they reentered the Grand Jury
toom they were cheered and applauded
by their colleagues. They brought back
word that there was no legal reason why
4 presentment should not bé returned.

At 315 P.M. the twenty-three investi-
#ators filed into court. Foreman Buckley
handed up a typewritten paper and Judge
‘rain read it frowning. Then he said:

You have handed me a paper which I
have read and which I feel constrained to
return to your foreman inasmuch as it
embraces matters not within the scope
f the inquiry as conducted by you, If
you see fit to retire, and desire upon
consideration to file with this court a
Paper sufficiently describing the inquiry
you have conducted, together with the
conclisions reached as a result of that |
‘aquiry, it will be received and filed as a|
fourt record. For that purpose you may |
Tetire ”

This was the presentment which Judge
‘rain refused to accept:

We

make the

following presentment to you:

We have examined forty-one witnesses
‘nthe Jolin Doe proceeding instituted before
Sand crowing out of the so-called Brandt
‘ase \We have further examined a mass of
etary evidence, including court

» ofeia

ware force

correspondence, &c,
d to the cone'usion that the
submitted to the Grand Jury of
in March, 1907, together with the
“dion! evidence submitted to us, fails
st “h the crime of burglary in the
but does establish to our minds

eree

of Brandt in the residence of Mr,
if was for the purpose of com-
“ erand lareeny,

' Grand Jury would avail itself
phortunity to acknowledge the
treatment ever accorded to it by

Grand
Loft

Jury further desires to
high appreciation of the
snd fairness with which
it Attorney has conducted
‘oupticated investigation,

u

Is was oP M when the jurors ap-

—————

 

.
| deliberations there has not been that degree

  

~NEW YoRK,

+

 

 

 

| Peared again before Judge Crain. The |
| hour and a quarter had been used up in| (} MOR - §
| hot argument. This time the jury handed |
WAR IN WEST 420 ST.

in @ report which was identical with the |
first except that the paragraph referring |

Prosecuted With Vigor After a
Night in a Moving Van for

| to Brandt as a thief but not a burglar,
| Was omitted, This Judge Crain accepted }
| Then the Judge spoke his mind on what he |
jtermed violation of Grand Jury room |

17 Freshies.
DAY STRIFE

 

secrecy. Ho said:
Apparently in) connection with your

| of secrecy, that lack of publicity, that the |

| policy of the law suggests should exiat

| Various provisions of the law go to point ALL
that with respect to the deliberations of the |

j Grand Jury there should be the utmoat)

 

UPTOWN

FRIDAY, MARCH 29,

a

noah ste hid

are.
oa

 

 

 

Saeed

movmons ast LETTER CUFFRUGE BEATEN I
HOUSE OF COMMONS

e Said He Had Been Despondent Ever
Vote Was 202 to 222, With No Party

Since He Was Deserted. |
Wasutxnoton, March 28.~The remains

Lines Drawn and Many
Members Absent.

 

 

 

!
|
| H

 

| of Philip 8. Hichborn, who killed himself
in this city yesterday as the result of grief |
over the elopement of his wife with Horace
Wylie, were placed on board a train this
afternoon at 5:36 to be taken to Mount |
Auburn, Maas., where the interment will
‘be to-morrow. Mr. Hichborn will be |
buried beside his father, Rear Admirali ; ‘
Hichborn. Before the remains left this} WINDOW SMASHING DID IT

city funeral services were held at the home

 

 

 

 

win.

 

 

sentenced |

 

;a cross matched six from Mr. Howlett’s |
| Stable.

 

secrecy,

| | have no reason to think that any one
| of vou has violated a single provision of the
jlaw. I need not tell you that the Grand
| Juror who disclosed the happenings of the
| Grand Jury room, if it became known he had
| done so, would have his name stricken from
| the rolls and would be the subject of @ just
{and unspeakable contempt of an outraged
}community. If I believed that the official
| stenographer had disclosed notes of testi-
| mony taken before you and of your pro-
| ceedings, asa Judge | would recommend
| his indictment for a violation of the statute

| Uf the court had reason to believe that any

portion of your deliberations had heen
given to the public through an Assistant
District Attorney I would recommend his?
dismissal to the District Attorney 8
thought that the District Attorney had
; Made public any part of your proceedings
| T would ask the Governor to remove him.

| Perhaps this is scarcely the place, yet the

 

| gestion, theoretically through you, but
practically to the public and the press, that
henceforth the papers, acting in harmony
with the law of secrecy in the Grand Jury

| toom, do not disclose the proceedings of
\

{law should be changed there is an appro
priate way for its amendment
District Attorney Whitman was on his

| feet at once. “There have been statements
| “purporting to give proceedings in the
| Grand Jury room. Aas official custodian
| of the minutes of'the Grand Jury I assure
you that not one word of what went on in
the Grand Jury room has been made
public—not one single word of evidence
or a vote taken by the Grand Jury. I know
you will accept my word for this, but if you
| want me to I'll bring you the minutes
of the Grand Jury to examine.”
| Judge Crain bowed politely to the Dis-
| trict Attorney and discharged the jurors,
| who looked very much as if they were
| glad to go.

| COACH AND SIX THROUGH PARK.

Morris E. Howlett Starts the Season With |
the Magnet In Novel Fashion. |

An experiment was tried successfully
by Morris E. Howlett in opening the
|coaching season yesterday. With the
Arrowhead Inn as the objective point
| Mr. Howlett tooled the Magnet with six
| horses instead of the customary four.

| The horses were selected at random be-

cause Mr, Howlett took exception to a
statement that a coach and six could
not be safely driven through the city

|streets unless the team was specially

trained. ;
One of the coaching party picked out

|

Snowy and Irony were the |
leaders, Chesty and Lady Gordon the!
swing team and Lady Amelia and (Grand |
Duke wheelers

Starting at noon the coach wes
tooled down Broadway to Thirty-cighth
| street, east to Fifth avenue, up Fifth
;avenue to the Plaza, into Central Park
and up the East drive. At the Casino

jthe whip negotiated figure eights and
| Se as easily as though he had but four

Two hairpin turns
orses on @ run.
Ben Riley acted ashost to the part

Those who took part in the initial drive
were Morris E. Howlett, whip; Louis C. |

Touissaint, B. C. Riley, Dr. Robert Bich -|

ards, August C. Gogni, Charles Mercer,
Montagu Worthley, Ashby Deering and!
Hugh Logan, while Arthur White, the|
guard, kept the horn pealing out rousing
coaching calls at every few blocks.

The northward trip occupied just one
hour, including the fancy driving at the
Casino, The return trip was made in
forty minutes.

It was the first time that a coach and
six was ever driven through Central Park,
a special permit having been granted to
Mr. Howlett for the day by Park Com-
missioner Stover.

EXPLOSION AT CITY COLLEGE.

Hydrogen Tank Blows Up and Wrecks a
Laboratory Room.

Students of the College of the City of
New York were frightened by an explo-
sion yesterday afternoon in the concrete
room of the chemistry building, Convent
avenue and 140th street. A tank of hy-
drogen into which too much air had been
permitted to enter caused the explosion.

Three to four hundred students were
working in the chemical laboratones
and recitation rooms when the explosion
occurred. These rushed to the street.
A huge iron door had been blown clear |
acrose the hallway, and all the windows |
of the room facing 140th street were
amashed. The noise was heard for several
blocks and the shock jarred the four
buildings in which the students were
reciting.

The concrete room is used exclusively |
for the storing of dynamite and high ex-|
plosives. The fact that the walls of the
room were conorete prevented damage
to other parts of the building. However,
all the expensive apparatus which was

 

|
|
]
|

» lebruary Grand Jury, desire to | in the room at the time was blown to bits.

 

MODERN DOWNTOWN HOTEL

the Civic Centre Proposed
Wholesale Dry Goods Men,
The executive committee of the Whole-
sale Dry Goode Centre Association had
another meeting yesterday at the Mer-
chants Association to discuss ways of stop-
ping the uptown movement of wholesale
business. It was suggested by some of |

 

Near by

nd any question of doubt the| the members that a large and up to date

hotel in the neighborhood of the new civic
centre was not only practical but very
desirable. Such a hotel, it was said, should
prove attractive to buyers and would
bring them closer to the district,

At yesterday's meeting several com-
mittees were appointed, including one
on transportation, a realestate improve-
ment committee and one on hotel accom- |
modations. These committees will start |
work at once and report to a meeting

of the whole association to be called soon. | 5

 

| up in a room in the

yout | by a party of sophomores. A rescue party
an old fashioned Arrowhead Inn luncheon | of & score of freahinen got ito the hotel

!Columbia Campus the Scene of In-
| numerable Sorties—Many Fresh-
men Captured.

 

 

Columbia College underclass men in the
proportions of about seventy-five sopho-
}Mores to a hundred freshmen mixed it
| up last night in front of Murray's in West
| Forty-second street, while half a dozen
| policemen tried to fight both sides at once
in an effort to secure peace. Aside froma
number of black eyes and minor bruises
no damage was done. One representa-
tive of each of the warring factions was
arrested, but both were discharged in the
night court.

The fight was the result of a day's
labor by the sophomores, who, in order to
furnish entertainment at their dinner,
which theyheld at Murray's after the fight,
had corralled seventeen freshmen Wednes-

 

your body, If in the public judgment the | 44y noon and had piled them into a moving

van, The prisoners were kept in the
moving van all night, their hands bound,
and themselves otherwise tied up, and all
day yesterday food being fed to them with
great glee by the captor sophomores,
The van was shunted about Morningside
Heights where it would be least likely to
attract notice, and last night the horses
dragged it down to Murray's andit was
backed up in front of the restaurant just

the streets were filled with theatre-
gvers.

The sophomores lined up and opened
the doors of the van for the captured
freshies to pass into the restaurant
But just as the first freshman walked
between the lines of jeering sophomores
there was a rush from up the street and
a reserve force of freshmen who had
been waiting for a chance to rescue their
brothers bore down upon the sophomores.
In the scramble seven of the prisoners
got away. The other ten were hustled
inside by their captors and taken up-
stairs in the restaurant before they could
take advantage of the general confusion.

The fight didn't last long but it was
good while it lasted. Detectives McCar-
mick and Bowes were the first to attempt
to stop it. McCarmick lost his hat and
Bowes's coat was ripped up the back.
Four or five uniformed men then joined
the detectives and the fighters were
scattered.

Francis McDonald, a sophomore, and

S Bouvier, a eee were
so intent upon each other as they rolled
about the car track locked in each other's
arms that they didn't notice the change
in the situation unti! they were grabbed
up and started off for the night court.

| McDonald is 19 years old and liven at 510)
West 113th street. Bouvier ia 18 years

old and lives at 612 West 116th street
Magistrate O'Connor listened to the story
of the fight and then discharged the two
prisoners

Another incident of the evening took
place in the Hotel Marseille at 108d street
and Broadway a few minutes earlier.
Four freshmen prisoners had been locked
hotel and were guarded

and attacked the sophomores in the

| corridor as they were about to start down- |

of Mrs. Paul Pearsall, 1501 Eighteenth
street, and were conducted by the Rev.
Rolend Cotton Smith, pastor of St. John's
Episcopal Church.

The note which Hichborn left was made

public to-day. It reads:
| hope lam doing no wrong, Ihave atood
lit as long as I can and I have been despon-
dent ever since | was deserted. | hope my
aon will not inherit as unhappy a life as
his father's

This was signed Phil’ and was written
on the back of an envelope,
written these worde:

“I hereby give, devise and bequeath
to my son, Philip Hichborn Jr, all my
property."

Then apparently as an afterthought
thie was scrawled:

“I hope Stub will pardon me for spoil-
ing his rug.”

“Stub” is Capt. Paul Pearsall, husband
of Mr. Hichborn’s sister, in whose home
Hichborn killed himeelf.

Every possible effort was made to-day
| by friends of the Hichborns and others
to locate Mrs. Hichborn and Wylie to
apprise them of the death of the young
man by his own hand, but so far as is
known they have not been found, It is
believed they are in Europe,

| PENSIONS FOR W. U. MEN.

President Vail Announces Plan That Will
| Take Effect tn July.

 

 

 

 

Western Union employees are to be
protected from old age and accident by
a pension plan announced vesterday by
President Theodore N

Vail, which he
said was probably the first in a series of
such benevolences

“It is my firm belief,” he said. “that all
employees identified here by years of
faithful service are entitled to some
financial protection against the necessity
of retirement, and it is the hope of this
company that this beginning will extend
to fur* her protection.”

For many months the pension com-
mittee has been compiling statistice and
analyzing conditions among the 30,000
emploveer,and in the meeting of the ex-
ecutive committee on March 20 proposed
che plan which was adopted and will go
into effect on July 1, 1912.

The pensions will be graduated ac-
cording to length of service and salary be-
fore retirement and except in cases of
disablement twenty years service is re-
quired, Fram 20 to 26 years, 1 per cent.
of the average salary for the ten years

    
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 

tiplied by the total years of service; that
lis, an employee whose average salary
| was $100 in the ten years before retire-
‘ment at, say, 25 vears would get $25 a
|month. The scale then moves up. From
25 to 35 vears service there is 1'; per cent.
additional for each added year; from
125 to 40 years service, 2 per cent. addi-
tion#l, and after 40 veara SO per cent. ad-
| ditional The man who got $25 a month

j after 25 vears service would after 35 vears

get $10 and after ‘0 yeare $50, or half his |

former salary. All employees reaching
70 are to be retired from servies. No pen-
\sion is to exceed $100 a month without
special authorization of the executive
committee, and none is to be less than $735.

 

 

'TO BROADEN CUSTOMS ACT.

 

Below were |

 

Irish Party Deserted the Cause for
Tactical Reasons--The Militants
Don't Care.

Marconi Wirelese Despatch to Tur Sux.

Lonpon, via Glace Bay, March 28.—
The woman suffra bfil, commonly
known as the “conciliation” bill, which
; would have permitted a million women

| taxpayers in Great Britain to exercise

|
|
|
|
|

 

| the franchise, was rejected by the House
| of Commons to-night by a vote of 222 to
208. It was not a party vote at all and
there were many absentees.

The bill effected the tactics of the
Irish members, forty-one of whom voted
against it, probably in the hope of getting

;an extra week for the forthcoming home
rule bill by putting the women’s bill to
; death. Ten other Irish members were
| about. Timothy Healey and William
O'Brien alone supported the bill. Last

|year a majority of the Irish members

 

voted for the same measure. More-
over, all the miner-Laborite members
of the House were absent, having
;gone to their constituencies in the

 

   
  

| balloting on the question of the miners
resuming work. If present they would
| have supported the measure.
| The defeat of the bill was due largely
| to the window smashing and other antics
‘of the militant suffragettes. The re-
jection of the bill saves a week of Parlia-
mentary time which Premier Asquith
had promised would be allowed for its
discussion.

This same bill received a majority of

167 when it was up in the Commons last
year. Its supporters this year included
| Bonar Law, the present leader of the
Unionists, and Arthur Balfour, the former
Conservative Premier; John Burns, Augus-
tine Birrell and Sir Rufudé Isaacs, mem-
bers of the Cabinet, while among ite
| opponents were Winston Churchill, First
| Lord of the Admiralty; Reginald McKenna,
the Home Secretary; Sir John Simon, the
Solicitor-General; Sydney Buxton, the
president of the Board of Trade, and
Mesers. Masterman and Seely, two par-
liamentary under secretaries.

The debate over the bill did not draw
a crowd but the galleries were well filled,
especially that set asideforwomen. As
the division came near the crowd in-

the figures of the vote were
eagerly awaited, as it was known that
many members who had hitherto favored
the measure had washed their hands of
it because of the recent suffragette vio-
lence.

The announcement of the figures was
| received with prolonged and excited
| cheering, the opponents of the bill waving
| their hats and handkerchiefs. A crowd
|of women awaited the announcement of
| the result outside the Parliament build-
| ing, but there was no disturbance and
| the large force of police which was held
j in readiness for an emergency was not
| called out.

The rejection of the measure is a matter
of indifference, even satisfaction, to the

militant suffragettes, who condemned
|} the bill as merely enfranchising a com-
| paratively few property holders. While
| the debate was in progress the militant

town with their charges. Policemen were | 4¢ wil Permit Americans to Bring In | ones held a big meeting in Albert Hall

called in to drive out both parties.

Classes in the undergraduate courses

at Columbia were deserted all day yes-
terday because of the warfare between
the sophomores and freshmen that began
as soon &s the first first year man showed
his face on the campus in the morning.
The fact that capturing freshmen is
frowned upon by the university au-
thorities and in fact is punishable by
expulsion, had little effect in deterring
the sophomores and in some cases they
completely surrounded freshmen on the
campus and marched them off.

The depredations of the sophs began
on Wednesday night and several fresh-
men were caught then, but the biggest haul
was made yesterday. Stirling Graham, a
freshman who was ensnared on Wednesday
by means of a fake telephone call and
locked up for safe keeping in the apartment
of James Miller, a soph, at Broadway and
121st street. slipped out of his thongs at
1 o'clock yesterday morning and running
to the street hotfooted down Broadway
with half a dozen scantily clad second
year students at his heels, He was
stopped by a policeman at Broadway
and 114th street but after a word of
explanation kept on going. Not having
a cent in his clothes he couldn't get into
the subway and there were no surface
cars in sight, so he kept on as fast as his
legs would Jet him. Finally at Ninety-
sixth street his wind began to go and
Miller, who rows on the varsity crew
squad, pounced on him, ‘The captive
was led back to the apartment and put
under a double guard.

Some of the freshmen who were cap-
tured were Frederick Woodcock of
Brooklyn, who was a champion mile run-
ner at Manual Training School last year;
Montgomery Claghorn, who rows on the
freshman crew; W. Curry, Stirling Gra-
ham, Frank L. Brady, who was the quar-
ter mile champion at De Witt Clinton last
year; Roy Spooner, W. G, Dwyer and
J.C, Lee, Varsity basketball] stars; Charles
Logan, a Varsity baseball pitcher and
Paul Ayrault, another freshman oars-
man, The sophs, however, had corralled
so many of the first year students that
they could not get together a complete
list and they went down to their banquet
with more freshman captives than any
other class in Columbia's history.

 

England Plans Great Coaling Station,

Marcont Wireless Despatch to Tue SUN

Lonpon, via Glace Bay, March 28,-
The Admiralty is planning the establish-
ment of a great naval coaling station at
Rosyth in Fifeshire. It will be big enough
to enable an entire fleet to coal simul-
taneously.

PASTOR RUSSELL AT HIPPODROME,
unday. Meh. Sist, AIS P.M. Seats bree. Age

More Than 81! of Goods Free.

WASHINGTON, March 28.—The Treasury
Department has approved a bill now pend-

ing in Congress to broaden the provisions

of the custome act which permits Ameri-
cans returning from a tripabroad to bring
into this country $100 of goods free of duty.
Secretary MacVeagh has written a letter
to Chairman Underwood of the Ways
and Means Committee of the House
suggesting that this provision be broad-
ened so that returning tourista can bring
into the country free of duty not only
wearing apparel and toilet articles in-
tended for their personal use but also
souvenirs and curios intended as presents
such as doilies, vases, table napkins
and so forth, within the $100 limit.

An amendment is also recommended
by the Department permitting foreigners,
detained in this country longer than ex-
pected to send for and receive free of
duty personal effecta which were left
behind. Under the present law only
such persona! effects are admitted free
as are inadvertently left behind and should
have accompanied the passengers. In
case a foreigner residing in this country
sends home for his personal effects he
must pay a duty, which has led to hard-
ships and complaints.

TO TRY FITZHERBERT AGAIN,

 

New Jersey Senate Will Investigate the
Morris Canal Scandal.

TRENTON, N. J., March 28.—The Senate
this evening adopted a resolution for
a further investigation of charges against
Senator Richard Fitzherbert of Morris
county. Senator Edge of Atlantic county
offered the resolution and directed the
President to appoint a committee of three
| Senators to invostigate reporta that
the Morris county Senator acted in aman-
ner unbefitting the dignity and duty of a
| member of that house in connection with
| the Morris Canal abandonment bill.

The preamble refers to the uncon-
tradicted published reports that Senator
Fitzherbert both in person and through
a relative had sought to be retained as
counsel by the Lehigh Valley to care for
its interests in securing the passage of
the Morris Canal bill, 1t was alleged that
the Senator had first let it be known that
he was opposed to the bill of which he
subsequently offered to become the
champion

The resolution passed with one dis-
senting vote, If the committee to be
named does not have time to make its
report before the final adjournment
}and if the investigation seems to justify
|} such @ course, the Governor will be asked
to convene ‘the Senate in extraordinary
session to consider the report.

a EE ooo

 

 

 

| at which $50,000 was subscribed to their
| war fund.

| Many people filled the galleries of the
| House whan J. 'T. Agg-Gardner, a Con-
servative, opened the debate. The bill,
which was a private measure and which
| therefore was supported by ind®vidual
members of all parties, conferred the
franchise on women taxpayers, of whom
| there are about 1,000,000 in the country,
\ Mr, Agg-Gardner asked a fair hearing
/on his bill and that it should not be con-
| signed to the scrap heap, as was a similar
| bill in the last session of Parliament.
| Premier Asquith, speaking on the bill
| said that he personally would vote againat
it. The sex qualification for the vote
should continue, he said, and anyway he
did not helieve that the majority of the
| Enclish women desired to vote,
Not being a Government measure the

party lines were eplit, with the result
that some wonderful contrasts were on
exhibit. Supporting the measure were
such strong Conservatives as Lord Robert
Cecil, W. Ormsby Gore, E. A, Goulding
| and W. Mitchell-Thompson, while the
| Conservative sponsor for the bill, Agg-
Gardner, had at his back Liberals like
Eldes Griffith, Thomas Burt, J. Murray
MacDonald, Sir Joseph Walton, Laborite
Philip Snowden and Nationalist member
Sir Grattan Edmonds.

| A decision was rendered in the Bow
| street police station to-day that three of
the suffragette leaders must stand trial
for conspiracy for the raid on the glass
windows of the fashionable shopping
districta. '

The leaders who will have to stand trial
are Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst, the com-
manding figure in the agitation for votes
for women, and Mr. and Mrs. Pethick
Lawrenoe, who are both editors of the
paper Votce for Women.

The three leaders are charged by the
prosecutor with being respoasible for the

recent raid on shops and the immense
destruction of property. All three re-
main in custody, bail having been re-
fused,

The charge against Mrs. M. Tuk, another
of the leaders, was dismissed.

 

 

SUFFRAGE UP TO GOV. OSBORN.

Michigan Législature Passes Bill Provid-
| ing for a Vote.

| Lanersa, Mich., March 28.—By 75 to 19
the House to-day passed the woman suf-
frage bill providing for a vote this fall

jon a constitutional @mendment, which

if passed will give women the ballot.

| The Senate adopted concurrent. resolu-

\tion last Tuesaday by a vote of 23 to 5.
It now goes to the Governor for his signa-
ture.

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

. 5

Detailed weather

See ——

1912.— Copyright, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

WOMEN VOTERS BIG SUCCESS:

Make Polling Places Respectable and 90
Per Cent. of Them Cast Their Ballots.

San Francisco, March 28.—Women
voted for the first time in this city to-day
and 10,000 of them went to the polls and
voted for civic centre and city hall bonds
to the amount of $8,600,000.

Women served on election boards in
many parts of the city and did their work
well.

As clerks they were a decided success
and the presence of women did much to
give to polling places an atmosphere
totally different from that seen on other
occasions.

The bonds carried, 43,000 to 34,000.
Ninety per cent. of the registered women
voted, while less than fifty per cent. of the
men went to the polls.

DICKENS FUND INVESTMENT.

Lord Strathcona’s Plan to Care for
Novelist’s Granddaughters.

Marconi Wireless Despatch to Tus Scx

Lonpon, via Glace Bay, March 28.—
It is announced that Lord Strathcona,
the Canadian High Commissioner, will
invest the $47,000 seoured for the Dickens
fund in Canadian securities which will
yield an annual income of $750 for the
next five years to each of the grand-
daughters of Charles Dickens. After
that time the money will be used to pur-
chase annuities which will yield each of
the women $850 a year.

The corrected American total of sub-
scriptions to the Dickens fund brings
the grand total up to £0,419, or $47,095.

SAYS T. R. “IS SO IMPULSIVE.”

But He's Made a Great Mistake This
Time, Mr. Garnegie Thinks.

Hor Sprinos, Ark., March 28.—Mr. and
Mrs. Carnegie and their daughter, Miss
Margaret, left for New York over the
Rock Island at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon.
They had spent twenty-three days here.
A great crowd saw the Carnegie party
off. Mr. Carnegie was much interested
in the result of the primaries.

 

 

 

 

 

“Mr. Roosevelt and I are atill very gocd

friends,” said Mr. Carnegie, “but he 1s
so impulsive. He has made a_ great
mistake this time.”

WELLESLEY’S MILE OF PENNIES.

Giris Begin Campaign to Ald the Col-
lege’s Building Fund.

WELLESLEY, Mass., March 28.—Welles-
ley College has started after ita “mile of
pennies.”

Strips of pasteboard, each a foot long,
with perforations for twelve pennies,
have arrived and each student carries
a few of them about. The echeme is
designed to aid the Wellesley student
alumn® building fund.

Five hundred filled in strips were turned
over to the committee the firet day.

Before the Easter vacation begins
to-morrow the committee hopes to have
12,000 pennies turned in. Strips will be

in the grip each girl takes home,
so the fund ought to jump considerably

 

 

STOLE A $6,700 CAR.

Alfred Benjamin’s Chauffeur
Only to Cross Broadway.

Alfred Benjamin, the clothier, has lost
@ $6,700 Italian made Fiat car. It was
stolen on Wednesday afternoon at 2:45
o'clock from in front of the Fiat Auto-
mobile Company's offices at Fifty-seventh
street and Broadway.

Mr. Benjamin's driver left the car in
front of the Fiat headquarters while he
got an order for a tire on a concern across
the street. While he was crossing the
street he looked around and saw the car
turning into Broadway.

Ap advertisement yesterday said that
a reward of $100 would be paid for the

 

Left It

recovery of the car and $150 for informa- |

tion leading to the conviction of the thief.
This is not the first time an automo-
bile has ‘been stolen in the streets.

TO USE COAL WITHOUT MINING.

Sir William Ramsay to Test a New Im-
portant Theory.
Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sux.

Lonpon, March 28.—Sir William Ram-
say announces that he is going to test
his theory that gas can be made under-
ground from the coal without the latter
being mined. He has received permission
from a pit owner to try his experiment
on a small scale. Sir William says:

“If this experiment is a success a candle
may be lighted which will not be extin-
guished in our time.”

Sir William spoke of this matter a week
ago as a novel way of ending the coal
strike. He asked:

“What is to hinder the coal being lighted
where it is and the air being passed down
in the right quantities? If water gas is
wanted water could be passed down.
It would soon become steam. The right
thing to do would be to use gas engines
at the pit’s mouth, which is the most
economical form of power. Having
made electricity at the pit's mouth it
would cost very little to transform it and
convey it hundreds of miles,”

Sir William put forth his theory in an
address at the’opening of the International
Sm oke Abatement Exposition. .

VOTES ON SUFFRAGE TO-DAY.

Assembly Receives Votes-for-Women
Amendment From Committee.

ALBANY, March 28.—Mrs. Blatch and
her suffrage campaign workers were
happy in Albany to-night. They kept
after the Assemblymen long enough
to get seventy-six§signatures to a request
that the Rules Committee report out
the Murray votes-for-women amendment,
and the committee was forced to put
the amendment out for a vote upon the
floor to-morrow. '

Thinking there might be a chance of
its passage in the Assembly, Senator
Newcomb gave notice to-night that he
would move to suspend the rules in the
Senate to-morrow to permit the immedi-
ate consideration of the bill in the Senate
in the event of it getting through the
Assembly, which is doubtful. ;

Opponents of the proposition ineiet
many of the signers of |(theJrequest that
the Rules Committee got to-day will not
vote for the bill.

RD'S BREAKFAST COCOA
all-season verage. Wonderfully
g and nourishing, Ade.

 

 

Sus.

 

 

Rain to-day; clearing and colder to-morrow.

reports will be found on page 15.

 

 

 

— eS

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ILLHE BOLT?
“TAL EQUIVOCATES

 

Tells Direct Questioners to
Find Answer in Boston
and Chicago Talks.

WON’T SAY YES OR NO

Astute Politicians Read Either
Reply Into Colonel’s
Recent Utterances.

IDENTIFIES “THUGS”

Wasn’t Talking of Chicago Con-
vention When Excusing
Irregularity.

 

 

 

WILL HAVE MUCH TO SAY

If the Bosses Turn Him Down, but
Refuses to Tell in Advance
What It Will All Be.

St. Lovis, March 28.—“Any statement
like that is a fake,” said, Theodore Roose-
velt to-day just after he had arrived at
the Planters Hotel in answer to questions
as to the report that he will bolt the Re-
publican convention at Chicago if Presi-
dent Taft is nominated.

“Any time I have anything to say upon
such a subject I will say it myself and
anything purporting to come from me,
unless J say it myself, isa fake.”

Later when asked again concerning
{his statements in the Chicago spesch
which was taken as a broad hint of his
determination to bolt the Colonel denied
that he had said: ‘The Republicans are
not bound to respect a nomination 6-
cured by thuggery.”

The Colonel said: “There was no allusion
to the Chicago convention. The allusions
were specifically to what had been done
in New York, Indianapolis and Denver.
No such sentence including the word
“thuggery” was used. What | stitei
was that such primaries as those held iu
New York, Indianapolis and Denver wers
in no way binding upon the Republicans.”

Colonel Roosevelt did not answer posi-
tively as to whether he would or would
not support Mr. Taft in the event of re-
nomination.

When asked what would happen if
the delegates which the Roosevelt forces
charge were elected by fraud were seated
by the Chicago convention he referred
to his utterances at Boston and at Chicago.
What he said in Boston was at that time
reported thus:

“He was asked: 'If Mr. Taft is nominated
at the Chicago convention will you sup-
port him?’

“Col. Roosevelt responded, ‘Of; course
I will.'”

To-day he declared he would not say
anything further than what he had said
before. “I stand on what I said in Boston
and in Chicago, and any man who reads
into or reads out of the speeches anything
I have not said is deliberately and wil-
fully misrepresenting,” he said, and
dismissed the subject.

Those in St. Louis who looked for an
unmistakable and clear statement from
the Colonel as to what he would do if Mr.
Taft were nominated were disappointed.
They felt that the doubt and uncertainty
of the Roosevelt position had not’ been
cleard up. They wished the Colonel
to define exactly what he had in mind
when he said in pis speeches of yesterday,
beginning at Fort Wayne and repeated
not only to the precinct leaders of Chicago
but in the three evening speeches there:

“If the people by honeat vote declara
against me | have nothing to say. I may
{think they are mistaken, but that is their
; business, But if the people are for me

and the bosses turn this against me then
I will have a good deal to say.”
| What is to be included in the Colonel's

“good deal to say” is unexplained and may

be stretched to cover almost any plan

of campaign. There were those who be-
lieved that the Colonel in these utterances
was unmistakably shaking the big stick
lat the machine in a way that, though
| not amounting to a positive threat to
bolt, was a warning that something would
Se if the Colonel did not get what
|
*I put the party above the individual,”
he said, but would not say what the
| Oklahoma delegates would do in cage
"4 Colonel bolted.

he considers the square deal in the pri-
The Colonei in St. Louis wae not eo full

maries.

They pointed as an even stronger
utterance of warning to the Taft forces
to that part of the Chicago speech where
the Colonel denounced the Taft managers
as trying to kill him at any expense,
even to the wreck andkiefeat of the party,
if only they could keep control of the party
machinery. This a number interpreted
as being a clear pronouncement from
the Colonel of “Go no further. H you do,
look out!”

The story of the option on the Audi-
torium in Chicago held by the Roosevelt
people for the time that the Republican
convention is to be held in Chicago was
put up to Alexander H. Revell, the presi-
dent of the National Roosevelt committee
and leader in Chicago.

“The story is an absolute falsehood,”
he said. “There is no basis for it, nor
has any one in my presence given the
slightest hint in regard to a movement
of that kind. I know of no option of that
kind, and have no arrangements for any
space in Chicago except the space which
we have in the Congress Hotel.”

The basis of the story of the hiring
of the hall was a report that the Roosevelt
leaders in Chicago had gone to the man-
agement and asked terms for it.

“Dynamite Ed” Perry of Oklahoma, who
is Col. Roosevelt's most devoted and
constant trailer on the trip, says there
will be no bolt, That ought to answer it,
Perry believes, as he controls the Okla-
homa delegation.