. THE WEATHER FORECAST. oa
“ F Fair and warmer to-day; probably fair to- }
morrow; southerly winds. ‘
; ¢ Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15. 1

 

 

: nooo —— — |

v4 L. LN \ X. NO. 167, +44 NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1913. —Copyright, 1915. by the Sun Printing and Publtahing Association, PRIC B TWO CENTS. j | f

PEACE HOPE HOLDS |: : —— rm :

, Heat: SoyEt 19 TO MARRY. ‘PRINCETON STUDENTS. MAKES iat aaa .
UPR.R.STRIKEORDER twats on sens HAIR SUFFR AGETTE) evi lened at Avweclnted Prest DIAZ GAINING GROUN D AFT ER
|

|

(|

  

 

 

; The announcement of the engage: | Lirtin Roe, Ark., Peb. 13.— With the

oneoon Ment of Miss Bihel Roosevelt, datiets | anil Sie acquiescence, it ‘is said, of Gov. Robinson,

5 . ‘ ° fer of Theodore Roosevelt, is expected who is in Washington, acting Governor
Firemen Ready, but Decide Not soon. Aithough the fact. of the Se He: John Boldt, First Arrival Oldham this afternoon signed the Senate
to Call Walkout for Kikement was contirmed last night, the bill of Senator Covington to regulate the

nate of Miss Roosevelt's flance could not! in College Town, Has transmission and distribution of news L ts se a ad abi
Sunday Night. be learned, but it was said that the an- | over telegraph and telephone wires, ' 7
: hounecement would be made on Sunday. | sich Reception. This measure is aimed at the Assoctated |

WEATATORS ft NAT AT WORK nine Feport has it th at ata ped “am ae TREE seit aad WG Miwa atk Nee JUSTICE GERARD MAY’ AMBASSADOR LEISHMAN SUED. |Rebel General Moves From _ | |

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  
 

late Dr Richard HL Derby of 969 Park KIDNAPPED AT RUTGERS. gathering associations from giving any Rrokerage Firm Clatme &70.010, Arsenal Toward the
aaa avenue Dr Derby was graduated pct Wiel - one newspaper in cities of Arkansas ex- oe : Hf
: - itutward in 1908, His tater © a welt | — clusive franchises, It provides for pen- ee Interest, on Stock Transaction National Palace. y
Further Conferences Without j Known eye specialist | Policemen at Princeton Reseue aliics:of $1,000 against any telegraph Pirtsarra, Feb, 13.—Suit was brought
Result—Penee Efforts to Be About a vear ago rumor linked “the rT I Mot ‘ id Spell company Senet leased mk to! i lane day against) John G Lets pu —_
: § F , t ; } . ‘wWspapers receiving exclusive fran | United States Ambassador to Germany, ’ »
jname of Miss Roosevelt with that of er From Mob—Cold Spe newspapers receiving exclusive fra , rw
Renewed To-day. George Palen Snow. Harvard. ‘04. of 33 iv chises of any press association, Mach | Influences at W ork to Induce ;, vy Harry Raymond, George Pynchon, ( ITY ALMOST IN RUINS
eaaliiiiadinhl {West Forty-eighth — street At Mr. | rhins the Ranks. day's Violation constitutes a separate | " . Charles M. Eaton and Clarence L Graff, |
Snow's home last night it was salt . offence, [i is said that apptication will Him to Become Mediator brokers and bankers doing business
The orders for the strike of the flre- that he was not engave Va Hanie ; eke be made at once to the Associated Press | : te. tat pounder the name of Raymond. Pynehon oe ‘ ; ‘ 4
men on the Kastorn railroads were! volt, but that whe sae oneaned te coana! PRINCETON, Nod. Feb. 18.—Mrs. John for ite service for a new Little Rock | in the Civil War.) ee nee rie. Pane and Londen, | eavy Artillery Fire Cone i
drawn up yesterday and copies printed one and that the announcement would Beldt of New York, one of the pile paper. . a ' 1 é L Wher oe Pieris ose eae! tinues Throughout Night we
¥ uy : : ® 5 Pate , Gin Melville 1. Stone is sald to have de- voices ; vase. With interest from December 31, 1912. 4 |
dines oo be sent to the different be made on Sunday gkrims in the Votes for Women march : 14 » ‘ » Ip ; J ;
ait ; PEE RUS Cee T t ’ clared that he will test the eonstitue | R t rT l I LAN OF Os A A wril of forelgn attachment was is- 9
ation It was originally intended | ars oe velt, Jr. sald that he to Washington, suffered the most un- tionality of the law in the courts. j sued te attach all moneys and crediis | and Hundreds Are Killed. iH
eou o SC USS e repor , j os a ; oe F canthn a) i atta ai §
tart the strike at midnight of Sun- nt % a a . a geile but ad : Pleasant experience here this evening of Leishman held by the Union Trust a 1h
. : i is Sister was raKe t , alt ; : 7 ‘ —-_--_—- |
an but a delay has been decided upon! tte would not. sas ‘6 Wiott tt White that has been dealt out in either of | CASH REGISTER MEN GUILTY. Taft's Determination Not to In-! Company of Pittsburg, the Union Tru t . 1
inferences are concluded. Judge! mated that an ae acaieewens fernite ie the walks of the suffrarettes, She ar- . volve U.S. in Costly War Beil i tl ie oe ibe. am: | AMERIC ANS ARE SAFH \}
‘ive ere alone. far a c : ym - ' mi jank tsburg, 1 are si - i
Martin A. Knapp with oD. W. W.) made soon rived here atone, far ahead of her com President Patterson and 28 Others Is Commended mroned se ratnishees ae erereanene i }
i er, veting United) States Labor Marly in 1909 Miss Roosevelt was re- Sate and a mob of several hundred CeAvicted Cider Sherman Taw ; . \ Mtock tranaactions covering & — }
& ieaiaatante a: Hane RMI: aecaieiiee ob ee ae eae eae to William Phillips rinceton students rushed her off her Cikcinsin, Wb: 1e-lPvesttent Kein a of thirty dave and totalling $1846; 599 | Ambassador Wilson Finds
Son ou Mrs. Joh , as of 20 oe 1e arrie er ¢ ft ee INNATI, i t . ; / ;
ittempt to settle by mediation the: porier 4 a sot tin bgt Se ESN Teet ana: th De carried her, ne crags M. Patterson and twenty ght ober Woasiixaton, Meb. 138.—The inangura-{are shown by the papers filed to have i
tn: dilepute - . a ster tack " joston, Who ging her, half pushing her, fully” half officials and former officials of the Na+ cion of two separate and distinet move- , been ¢ rried by the brokerage company | Shelter For ] 000 Far
tis ‘ the as in th State Jepartment iN yo mile thr aH Che: atresia oF the <4 : ey . at aN a tig Poiw : are a ‘ as : hthe Ht tiffs Tali mt
‘ . 11 x no view + i ous e ¢ ’ € I+ ttonal Cash Register Company of Day-., nate. 6 » shout 3 adiustmo ; for Leishman, and the plainti el . R ‘
eres of conferences lasting all ves- Washington, Miss Roosevelt: later de- lage fH. Ware POUNG: B late: tosntent at ments to bring about an adjustment of that he still owes them a balance of] From Fighting Zone. wat
7 ‘ ied the Frenor t K ‘ ? he Me ituatio ) so ’ ' ‘ne Tal
were held at the Broadway Cen- | Med the report When two town policemen forced | Violation of the Sherman anti-trust law the Mexican situation without resore lO' g7q 976.95. Demand for this amount was }
Hot between the Crovernment

 

They had been on trial before Judge intervention by the United States Was) made, aceording to the brokerage firm |

t mee SAT ' their way through the mob and reseued vaya EHalllater ren Lenituel ai tatentEHG Hombre ob to.dhay'a de Geloumeanin (®.1 bar Debieehe wae Parated i et ia ul a
Steere ee woos tea tier, th take Her to the Princeton Inn, | Howard Hollister Ie "the Unite Staten, tho feature of to-d te ue 3 FAMINE DANGER GROWING §
i men, 3 itime the conference | District Court for several months. The Washington ———_----- y

she was able to say that she was all

  

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

     

 

 

   

     

     
 

 

 

 

     

   

 

 

     

    

   
   

            

 

         
    

     
 

     
    

    
  

   

   

 

 

   
 

   
     

   
 

     

  

 

   

  

  
  

 

  

 

 

mittee of the railroads held a meet. | : case was given into the hands of The yoy of hese movements were set on SUES HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL. | Sie iI
n the New Haven Railroad build-! right, but she had to go to bed after jury at noon to-cas foot “Inder ndently of President Tatt. | ‘ . . tne
"Rast Bopte<ftth nipect: atter| ILLING her experience Judge Hollister in charging the jury °% : = " : a r ee saya DY Rebels in) Fortress Said to Ba tial
a statement Was issued by Blisha Mrs. Boldt took, the Rack Pike from sid iba gel ie AoA be isa Sel Balak ih capt aa | Eating Horses as Food at

hairman f the committee, in| ae New Brunswick, where tne suffrage “If a ble business bets bullt up by tion not to take such action in Mexico Felter Owea Her 8951. a = re \

; tat { ; ns i : arian he y mt us ae skill and ability, then such results afte ge will involve the United States in a William 1. Melter, principal of the; Givows Searce i}

ew oof the published announce: | His Chauffeur Confesses to tassel ay eta ia elke tt paella ey wie ae Vadis Che long and costly war in that country. Girls’ High Sehool at Halsey street and | ' Fee.
ar ‘ . . ‘ . . neues < vekea demnation mit if the business Is 1 , Vv es ‘9 . Wy AS SIE

ments of tt e Rremes ot ne Iv pot n Causing Policeman Fitz- the army to arrive in the afternoon, but result of illegal competition in restraint This atthtude of the President received i: nner dGneeie, ent halves toe :

eave. HGS Pat mites a) WARS _ ‘s Deatl hy G o'clock not one marcher had been of trade, then it is high that there positive commendations from members 90.11. Guava 1. Wood, who had charge} MENico City, Feb, 13.—Gen, Diag ff
to understand their posit a ail sighted, The students were all set for Should be a stop to such businegs.” of the House and Senate to-day, Who of the lunch room in the school until} Salned important advantages to-day
The  railroaas concede in hours fun and grew impatient at piesa Ver etree atte a eel CASE Geclared (hat they were earnestly op- last June. She alleges that Dr. Felter | after another twelve hours of artillery He
should be adjustments in the pay!) ‘Th the foreed wait Eee ee OTe Ne a ete by the ed to intervention in Mexico at this owes her that amount for food furnished | fighting in the heart of a half ruined + |
firemen, The firemen demand about who Finally Mrs, Boldt put in an appear. Government in Eecun Ie! wd ae an juncture. to him between 1902 and 1912. She! oity, ‘To-night the rebel commander was ie
woo.d0d annual inerease, or 420 per peter anee, She was sighted half a mile away SUT Pe ie 1 ws ae Sarva an an ie suid he had patd her only $12.50 advancing his batteries toward the Na- i
Whe: Konie Havecoarade the: men re down Nassau street and the crowd, '24n anti-trus JAN and is nu) io John Barrett's Plan. | John J. Lordan, counsel for the | 1 Palac Wien hei shelled co j
an increase of 4 per cen This was re-;o0 around cheered her to the skies. There | that it dors Pl an er ae _ AY china Fe plaintiff. said yesterday that she had} ''0na! Pa oon WHCRERS nae) s Ls ; ae
i by the firemen man wis thing in this that was unlooked Roe. nt cab = See, ' af i Inasmuch as President Taft has fe-liiig many times to collect the mone oy | th nuously. The Madero forces have re- h
e st on to reiterate! theatrical man for, but when she had walked a littl ther Rae of compel tion and voacediy said that he will not Intervene ond that Dr. Felter threatened to oust} celved repulses all atong the line of
ff to arbitrate the} Capt. Tunney of the West Sixty. further several hundred more students ae * eat eared chat tae if Mexico without the advice and con-, her from the lunch reom and finally} fighting and may be on the defensive
se bY a board OF Feven met Che fire- | cighth street police station and In- | 08d swelled the throng te cahiplt 9 ugainst compe ttatn had sent of Congress, this ant!-Interventi nj did put her ont to-morrow,
Mr. Lee says, ha rejected the lspector Fauret questioned Rotheim for She tried to force herself AEOU EH the Haat wine on since 1890 and that the sentiment is taken as conclusive proof | ee acetal To-night Gen. Diaz demanded the sure ]
ids’ offer and have offered to ars! several hours in the Bathgate avenue m om See Ob SOUCHEH iad oe Nee ational has succeeded ino destroying that sueh action is practically beyond, MISS WITSON FOR 10 HOUR DAY. | render of Madero and the Government |
rate under © Erdman art he station before he admitted killime Put Ey ne my Dance nana ut oa an more than 150 cash register companies, the range of possibility, except under! Ancona ltoraen
fatement ren gives the arguments ad- simmons ; When they confronted bin a as a a Pedea alas _ 1 et ind asa result controls more than 99) hopeless clreumstances P Preaident-elect's Daasghter “ me Federal artillerists dealt a telling blew
e rairoads With the broken lamp from Mr. isman’s ~ : Sa Ma oe . vereent of the trade. The Government fo Jarrett, director of the ane | . eit ,
t Ir Ca er « he wt reke down and told of vhs di on ) si dod a ee oer eb or saked. hat the defendants be per- Aahehlck Union, whieh is supported by ; VIMY RRC rVeY JIeare Tae hla cial {to the Diaz forces when they silenced
ae Lae ae TGRn ce a ' ante valtiin iad about ne betually restrained from doing the THINKS che twenty-one republics of North and WitMiINoTON, Feb, 13.--Miss Jessie land practically destroyed a heavy bate ]
, © matters invais aes eats 4 Rotheim, who lives at 978 Kast 165 ‘ile ae swani alone STK A TH san complained of South America and the Caribbean, to- | Woodrow Wilson, daughter of the tery which commanded a sweeping posl-
ee fe ‘ nan rr Was arrested as the result of a saincala Inn, where the army had re oe night proposed a plan of medirtion upon President-elect, will make an address | toh from one of the main etrecte. late

¢ there were arbitration under the} conession made to Police Chaplain Sul- | panned to stay TRAIN A MILE LONG TESTED. ‘2 part of the United States Govern- Sty on ree nies i cere aie Ve We atmenat ANAETIS Wateie AU |

ean’ bai enivd ea RMIT THAT Hae ieee Joseph Ro Wade, a washer In) the two policemen had been trying ; x ment with the cooperation of repre-/ Dll an se oe Me Sudan biel el - ae Rinie doreiaie: Ric Kiee tiene ad a }

atrike ‘ re an st oy se HOstOn Toad Borage At) I ‘On hard to get into the centre of things, | peg Engines and 132 Loaded Care sentatives from Mexico and other Latin (4@ Working day or women o ten ho o | & ght. is advantage was off-

bea 1 t jroad) Wade went to Father s1 an On, and finally succeeded. Mrs. Boldt @as Veo ream ner Saris American republics, ‘this proposal was, The Delaware (¢ onsumers League will jset_a few mnutes later by the rebels

fi { Wednesday and told him that en the hearly fainting when they got her into Sent Over Lackawanna. set forth by Mr. Barrett in a letter ad- | bring the President's daughter here. jwhen a well directed shell traced its way

Benen ehcest neste pee eee | night Fit simmons was Killed a car | inn. Newrow, No J. Feb. 13.--In @ test of }dressed to President Taft: and ha Pea ee Lae fea ‘vont a: heave fata glee (n:the arieeal

Kit the Paitroads don't bellevecthn y came into the garage With.the Jampas Wark the day Mra. Boldt had) the lengim of a 100 alder aneile 40. Cullem, chwipman wf sheSenate Conte. ; — one ee ae -od Mise Wil- @nd found lodgement in one of the main

ae cab ; smashed and the mudguards Le hander a somewhat similar expert- ha wer the Lackewanna cutoff the mittee on Foreign Relations, and Chair- [ure and Its advocates secured Miss Wi : ‘
eyecare Wn Euyt : os I er Sullivan t Wade to ence » hands of the Rutgers etu- Lackawanna ratiroad sent 132 vaded man Flood of the ifcube Committee on son to counteract the opposition. jentrances to the National Palace. Here |
ate , F Sere ao : ri) Headquarters and as a reso ‘ his dents my had wot there fo val cars from Slateford Junction to! Poreign Affairs. Paoserorh seman rre wre it exploded, killing twenty-five Federal in|
A J F , 2 a ** | stor thee we rreste Rothe % he fe t rt ' to- li t > /
ships on every ne interes nd more iffer hLeing nfront ; : Ww : ‘ ; z ot % aE Ae Anes pres hes were | T) Mu ee et more than a mile! Justice Gerard an Mediator. STUDENT NOW MISSING 8 DAYS. IBtante net { |
than any one no the So,000.000 of |g, made ast ad on de-|— Ls sia ae oe Sra «simi : {| The Federals planted a battery to- ala

t > eek ai estat a a } i d the polire that on the night, ee oe lad about rr ie eh E with uae ae — ieaath Nine and two ie anatee | aa a No Trace Got of George F. Boulard night immediately in front of the Amer- 4

ir railroads representes the] nf the a ae ‘ : +n eis SOM OF 1€ VOY wu Atte S . een} ‘ ee 4 ; Mir garrett it as bee ne . . : : ies Cons > .

r se committer the f ft m ot care ee ti aa aa ee ; = at i they grabbed oh rand ruaned ae ie ; a ae 2 . i ey at : aw. ne niluences are at work In ah SAMSRYOF 7” " Lora ve ; ee , Lene ark Tee inecae
‘ end must pay t “ fautheatta aL want thraleHl the Hanke | ee ee ee eee MNES oh a Naat rs Sauniteien near l io Induce Justice James W Gerard of Phe retatvaa ob Gecres. F poner ! » bulidts ts t ' st Bh *h il
Ne le two Feder mediatoranor $16 anid he was speeding up behind an They kept her tt and sald they were : ee ; ano rues = anid pte i ane Supreme Court of the State of a student in the City College who dis- ait Lae ing has met abandoned. The |
President Carter of the firemen Would! niher ear to tell them’ thelr reat ieht keing to make her stay for dinner. At of as SU PORE ARt ; i o~woYork to go to Mexico at once 0 appeared on February § from the home Federals daringly invited the fire from t
s a word as to whether any progress | way joose when he hit Fitzaimmone He vost, sald Mrs Boldt to Prenle mere earls ascertain if any peaceable sotution of of Dr. F. W. Davis at 142 Wert Twelfth the Diaz forces knowing that before
had bee n made toward peas At the laid the ioamin) wan draeeed ithint dent Demarest came along and nyide the he Mexican situation can be reached. street have asked Thr SUN to help an accurate range could be secured, |

end of the three conferences Carter ad-j gor to the edge of the lake before ha | DONS let her go That is why she took PENSION BILL FOR ONE MAN. ry plan is understood to have the them tind him. Boulard had lived at Dro yi and shot would cause serious

ted that there “might be COn= | could stop a different road to Princeton arfd) wi acking of a number of Democratic. Davis's house two years and left to stay damage to the American property. N
rences to-day and probably that there’ wren he saw the policeman's shield "De orrived here alone Georee Mita Ninlrana | members of Congress who desire to an- with an aunt in Hillside, N. J, and com. | HUMES MRGHICOR: RERPEIS cae ,
would be, He left it toe be understood, ve" ined mannlehtahed a pacnn iia Ross The Princeton students after having . ee ; Bois ticipate the change of administration: mute for a time, but he did not reach | Pepsy’ in this direction was made by the |
without making i NE Hei Es ements on road garage and changed his broken had thelr fun with Mrs. Boldt waited) BM ee Affected by Healy's Menaure. and who fear that they may soon be! there and has not been heard of since Diaz gunners. '

‘ he subject, that ‘he strike order lamps for new ones, The broken lampa 2? nd forsome one else toshaw up. The Yon wers, Feb 13. Ci records show called upon to consider some plan for Boulard was 21 years old. He drew ; When the fighting ceased to-night i |
@ held In abeyance Untii the present! ore found hidden in the garage next arrival was Miss Elizabeth Free- that Senator Healey’s bill which (he) intervening in Mexico, all the money he had In the bank, abOUT™ Gon ping had advanced one-third of i"

discussions are over in the hope that Wade was held as a material wit- |™Man. who ts not Walking bat fs riding Senator Healy's bill which the Democrats to-nfeht were inclined to $100, before he left. His allowance was tha wait he ar 1 } N in|

i ® last moment a settlement may nade . iin a cute littl vellow wagon driven he ate has passed authorizing the es-! gna much good news In the proposal sufficlent for any ordinary needs, the way from the arsenal to the Na- iN |

be reached either by a direct agreement) ™~ ee Laussane, the faithful The students tablishment {n Yonkers of a pension’ qyat Justice Gerard be seni to Mexica The young man left Dr, Davis's home | Uenal Palace. He had pursued the re- |

or by submission of the points at Issue ZIEGLER INCOME IN DISPUTE showed ber a lot of attention. They! fund for municipal employees Whe have (g qook over the situation and see if after dinner. He is about five feet eight trepting Federals and had punished

: 7 itration anime hinimelenlia® i * cheered her, threw their hats Into the a record of fifty vears or more of con- | something cannot be done to straighten) inches tall and has dark halr and ai them heavily tie placed heavy guns

He would not commit himself, how- afr and yelled for a speech. She prom- tnuous service would affect only one out the affairs of that country without) rosy complexion. He wore a gray sult, jy gy, the. nalace of . .
ever, to any statement as to what If) Fight Started Amatnet Chief Welr's bed to make one at S o'clock and then employee at present resort to arms, Justice Gerard speaks gray ulst derby ha) and tan shocs : eat ra ay . ak . : au oe
prog! had been made SOWAG | Applleation for Surplas, escaped into the inn He is George Plison, a sanitary in- Spanish and is quite familar with con- fet an PARAS alae ROM URE DLOUE and }
One of the me mhers of the fire- (Manteo W BrandtiotGhidhro anhalt: The marchers who are left straggled spector in the health bureau Pilson cittons in Mexico, Furthermore, he is 7 . threw shelis into the National Palace i
‘ ttee said: "We Ave the brothe 3 of the late “Wilham wleslar into the town one by one during the was an employee of the Yonkers village free from any connections which CARNEGIE'S SECRETARY FINED. x: shui range, He used armor piercing a
ar ready and when the order filed a notice in the Surrogate’s office | evening Surgeon-General Lavinia, governinent and is the only surviver of might blas his jadgment of the Mexican i shells. which did iinmense damage. The 1a
; it ie. ie piped nk yesterday’ that he will contest the ap- Dock left to go to New York on personal John Brown's raiding party situation Tate Owned Up to 40 Miles an Hour General returned to (he arsenal at hi
ri to effect like that, snapping his ‘ , , © * 7 - - 1 Ss ut j reiot h Pe > hel A . ae ss

ung ee ie eee ne a Ae ee erent Soe alate, eee Iden a Good One, Says Overman, on M GRC ERIE: Mightfall, but ieft outposts and batteries

1 third conference at AGON bs Bang en RESES SO! EY BAe ¢ al ( ie . SENATE PASSES WILSON BILLS. ; ; tae da RAllie One of Andrew Carnegie’s secretaries. and will undoubtedly take the offensive
t , he surplus income of the estate, which | smallest of them all, was prostrated by Senator Overman of North Carolina | William A. Tait. who lives with the
' asted until ne has accrued since 1905) patd over tothe walk and had to be carried the last : to-night said the idea was a good one. or at 2 Ki st Ninety-first atran nthe morning The whole Federal

! evening, After that lim at ences Young Ziegler’s order to few hundred yards to the hotel. M House Wil Rash Seven Weform oii. Gerard.” said the Senator, “is oe ane ed DB h Ucn Me (ine has been thrown back
red wit! ms comm Han enresent= | chow cause against the trustees, Mayor! Marte Baird dropped out at Franktin Measures Through Nest Week. a splendid man and he might accorm- atte eta ne Satine 4 pace | There are many eritieisms here ree i ;
" Heatieeiiaee dia mmantee d that | Gaynor, Wiliam 8, Champ and Mrs, Park, aren nee from Metuchen Trenton, Feb, 18.—The seven anti- | pish a great deal of good Dy mathe MRE toreyele, He was caught by Policeman! sarding the condvet of the Red and }
tement would be made about him Matilda Ziegler, comes up to-day for where t e start was made, and took @ trust ills advocated by Gov. Wilson ndependent information fot the use of Skelly of the motoreyele squad oon White Cross organizations, The Red }

Neat argument train to Princeton, So did Mrs, Mary Were passed by the Senate edav and Vresident Wilson and the Democrats Wednesday afternoon running forty |e . : }
colleague, f ate ‘ ’ stat ; * a ie Nan < ; ; wun? OF * (ross is said to have favered Madero
Brandt contends that the chief heir | Morgan were immediately transmitted to. th: In other quarters, However, iC WAS ites an hour up Fifth avenue z
: ; is not enutled to the surplus income | ane marehers | Are now twenty-tWO qrouse where they were referred to the pointed out that the Wilson Admintsira- “You must be crazy,” said Magistrate and to have amugeled ammunition and
REDEMPTORIST LOSES SUIT. ‘and that it should be made part of the|miles nearer W ashington than they Committees on Corporations. It is the ton will have before it in less than @ornetl: “if t had been on the street 2Ubplies to him, while the White Cross ia
Sake pe cee E ah ana tke! principal og the eg teen were thls ation Trento, ts their plan of the Demoeratle majority. to three weeks all the great Bet of Bs T would not have bean able to wet out lis aceused of favoring Din. ; |
i Hrandt and other he FO.BTE Nees ed NEST GER RB VON j Nake the bills the special order of busi. formation on Mexico now In the pOsRES of your way and | would probally have Reports to-night from Vera Cruz say
Cooking for the Fathera, j under a clause of the will providing ti At} —_ hess at the opening of the next week's Sion of the State Department, THiS teen killed. Automobiles are bad. but. that athe whole country sympethizes {
Stephen Himeek, who Joined the order if the adopted son diem Without issue bes OPIUM IN FAKE CIGAR STORE. = session and tt ts antielpated that thes information it was declared has been motoreyeles are worse.” with Diaz
ef Redemptorist. Fathere in 1905 $ fore ree? ving all of the estate the part will be in the hands of the Governor gathered from every conceivable source mate admitted the speed and paid the The Pederal attack was resumed on |

i was cook for his brothers in the | "emalning woes to the aurviving heirs oar ss for sienature before the close of the for a long UUme and presents @ More’ tne, which is the | limit. the east and north. Dlax replied to |

7 2 il 1909, cannot recover $5,400! oa — ’ Secret Service Men Sefze Trank Fall y oe) comprehensive study of the Mexican these attacks with machine guns, while |

rvices during that time, <A SIX HURT IN AUTO CRASH. | !

 

maintaining with ftleld pleces a heavy

 

of th D " The Senate devoted practically its en. situation than any single man woud |
of the Drug 1 late « practiea Ante PAYS. $38,000 FOR ‘MOVIE FILM.

 

 

   

   

before Supreme Court Justice ; tire day to consideration of the billie, be able ny tire on the National Palace, Gen, Mon- Wal
tum. yesterday decided against | “ire Machine Tosses Lighter Ceratt After they had jumped on two negroes |, hich were supported In thelr entirety Mr. Barrett's novel proposition ts ap- dragon's direction of the guns was
* ' vw ’ . ® . ® ' et . ay
Agninat Elevated Pillar, in time to prevent a spirited gun play py senators Nichols and Waite, Repub. parently destined to meet a chilling re- Picture of "Quo Vadis" Brings Bly superb |
defence was that all the mem- po ; ‘ United States Secret Serviee Agents [eans, as well as by the Democratic ception at the hands of authority. nev Peive at Auction, White Cross surgeons said to-night j
: : The automobile fire engine of Com- ; ; ah aE TMS 5 ‘ Ny } ’ ; nd At the ey > tat q
E tnG ORGGD RIVE HGH “ROPV GER 39 was going south in Second ave. | Wewis and Murphy, with Deteet've Bar- majority Other Republicans added in control the Government, At tn Special Cable Despateh to Tur Sv that fifiy Pederals had been killed in the \
; many os as $ ae Vere i * eee nat : - . si 4 K . arate t } . ’ . ' » ‘ . . real 7
heut other compensation than their) ye near sixtieth street, late last eve. Die of the - nox avenue station, caps) their support to some of the bills, bur Bitte ok i Mans a ee Loxpow, Feb. 18.--The movies are be- pete eee es wore.
, ne . ’ . f te > o Wy é co i ‘ ‘TO, . ria & * i >
and clothing and that Himeek nang toa fire When a smaller automobile tured a trank full of sow opium in @) most of them voted against the more Stepping forware asker th & winning to bring the prices of oid “*'T ie feria ane e Cabinet are
ed an agreement to do the same.” Heinent of the Mexican qites-

z P ~ oe im We 13 , . ' * thle se
driven by Joseph Zrozek, 28 Stuyve- dummy cigar store in West 134d street drastic measures which define iilegal, £ le
yesterday afternoon

ogarded as the helght o
sant avenue, Brooklyn, shot past it and. * : : combinations and sek to make per- Mi 84 Laie aie re t e th
“eder ‘ en arthorities ' ' ropriety ft ‘ ct {

tried to cross before it onto the Queens- Federa ' ane muniegal avthoritles sonally Mable directors of corporations Prepelety in view o a
bore Bridge have noticed a «reat increase In the) which violate the provisions. fands in an

guarded by hundreds of troops, Thirty
citizens were Killed by Diaz's fire in the
Socala in front of the palace, and (hirty
More Were shot down in the capital's

‘ aileged that he was induced to
he gereement through fraud and
he was not of legal age

¢ ine masters One company’s pieture of

he | @uo Vadis’ which was sold at auction
oficial relation not only [O7day realized $388,000, This: Included |
the fifteen copies and the exclusive rights

 

 

ee fe the PURS a ‘ ” ited States but to all Whitechapel district, Ia Colonta de al
Zrormek miscaloulated his distances and oa ee a ae ' ns y aruee tb The Republieans based their objee- ' as t ; he : pruaboiic f the nse a te the show in this country for two Bol . PUREE Les ; ' A de la
i e 4 "1% ' . ie as three oar t Wenty othe " CS 4 n Pleas isd,
' “avy fire engine tosse Ae; os. : : tlons pon the ground that the Demo- can j ath ae j
TO CURB WASHINGTON HOTELS. | ni heay n r ae i a uF sone he Ma-) rour weeks, Several enses of persons | kn pas i , a ere annie years To-night Diaz's ved flag is fly- |
e net s “levile ville : ats i ‘fuse 1 riers : \ iM
Hill to Prevent Uplift of Rates in eth fia The four: mie q ne ine ace stupefied by the drug had been pleked ments Present Content Decisive, ing in the Avenida de San Frane

engine were thrown off. Mr. Zrozek was "POP the BIROBI JA aulet Investigation - It was pointed out to-night that the SAFE DOORS BURY $30,000. eisco, the principal approach to. the

Inauguration Week. led the secret service mon to believe that

  

 

Sok Uy (ia ; National Palace, The rebels are exe
Wasntnaton, Feb, 18 Washington | etein oie chavs aee ok boi “O* the dummy elgar store was the dis- GOV. WILSON RETIRES MARCH 1. Shea tect ane Dina one California Bandits Forced to Flee Pected to attack the palace to-morraw }
4 aaa of 9 hearse ame onl Ay 8 Faieut Wel i ane r wae MeGough gs pecan Went vite the plice on By ‘That ‘Time Legislature wat quBSRen Of ie MENICRD AHA HOR eo With Gold tn Sight, eT ies fire ceased at 6:30 2. M, 1
they intend to uplift prices In tne pi oP ga vente uman an Won ware a jump yesterday afternoon aod landed Have Passed Uin Bills, Fe te eaitaanl it rai ‘ba far eraiC ith San Prancisco, Feb, 13.-—Sheriffs of and after Dian had , cleared several
ural period are attacked in a joint)" mpartio on the Second avenue surface Atk ef & partition just in time to see) persceron, Nod Feb, 1%.—President- | let the opposing forces fight out their balf a dozen counties are racing around streets of Federa’ infantrymen — by 1
ihon presented ino the House vo a tall negro make a dive for a sofa,

line was held uD for half an hous elect’ Wilson announced to-day that he Sattles toa finisn rather thaa chat forea the country trying: to find a large red) machine gun fire there was a cessation

Representative Johnson of Ken. has fieecd opon Mareh | as the date of should be interposed with the object of automobile in which safe burglars c@- of hostilities, As this despatch ts being i

(where he grebbed a bie revolver, His
smaller companion Wont under a bed

 

 

   

  

  

 

 

ee LLE ome ' > Gove i ing ¢ cision, caped early to-day from Vacaville, So- written Gen. Diaz Is extending his lines, ra

Mr Jobnson's resolution charges that, KI D “IN SCHOOL'S DYNAMO. and grasped another gun, Rarnitz eke ‘Cte gS gen art tog gy pn pee Ate eteitad that Mr. Bar- ae county, after blowing open a large preparing apparently lo take the

vels have preseribed exorbitant Min ulin MDLRABA AIM Ainadl lia Th landed ne ~ ci tagg ret d hig tat Gate tha Legislature will have en-/ rett's plan contains inconsistencies fatal safe of the Bank of Vacaville. offensive

‘ies ang that lodging houses, boarding , ; : BERTORA & s, , RUT map ‘neted into law the chief measures recom- to its adoption. Though he states that The dynamite explosion woke up the The Maderistas lost terribly in te-

ives, cafes, restaurants and other trol Wagon Brought by Accident, dropped on the smaller one Phe bipg mended by him the adoption of his” proposal would whole town and when it) was found day’s fighting, Hedera! officers say that
} es of hae heaps ear agen & _ Patrick Lyneh, 44 vears old, of 211 Oe Beit Oe We rev er ROBES S08. 508 Ie Conta sAcniai that his corpora- save the sovereignty of Mexico from telephone wires nae + a aarne obe hundreds of their troops were killed.

t the pales bh Cire nae trae a5 and nae vue icy , ate nig Pere vine (# laborer fiving inthe nelhborhood, {Mons bills had gone through the Benate| Impairment, me mecpoaes GOar Metin pear ig ae ane nay aan mee a bay or ay seuenieese 3 by |
March & shall be those current at other ae hare bite aon eal faa eitie When Lewis opened the trunk he Without amendment and will not be seri shall promisy In advance - apes sas Ae a itemablia They got nothing for ae ay 1 ra el By ree eens ae
puna ae Aa CARA ak Guanaeen cone or na ie a erp MM i Olver! ared an exclamation It was filled Ously Opposed in the Assembly, recommendatious of such a commis- ppc to ete note MOP ROG iB ph Seep fi a » On =

enaity is $100 for each offence and euiiuhaas asi A eis, where He Was) sin raw ooplum, between fifty. and) The Governor went to Trenton this en Ae be ty iexe ee doors fell inward, burying $20 000 In| tour of cee ailites "The veteran

Steir ab the MURA Mine de Oe eat as ; iseventy-five pounds, worth more than: Morning, but returned to Princeton Adoption of suc hs P an ae resident tanF , ’ ' our at theese attacks, The rebel | m
Washington during the Ullgation, — leosiant of a patrol wagon brought) 9109, ‘The secret service men said early In the afternoon to entertain Col,/ Taft, {t was declared, woul e Kold, ee ee mander lost com atively tow men, on

| ans tn ve _ jaa a “ae ! there was no smoking it. the shop. The FE. M. House of Texas and New York, , equivalent to a deliberate affront to estimate placing his loss at 30 killed and
happened, aneh is survive » his

——— | MAYARA-TETH FAROLCR SPENCE 50, wounded.
-, n o's elm ‘
Journ at Miam!, Fla, Continued om Second Page, | ‘Florida Special,” 12:38 noon, 1218 B'way.-—ide,{ TO-nlght all of the prisoners had @@s

 

 

ANGOSTURSA BITTERS worlds famous| Heaa Bahia two men manufactured it and sold it,| Who has just returnea after a short so- | —
tone, Ueiicious Mavoring, all desserts.~ Ade, ea and three children, j They were locked up. |