'
a

 

{

{

\

>

cloudiness.

Highest temperature yesterday, 34;
Detatiod weather wSeerta one aa page.

lowest, a5

ann ——_—_ —
==

GREEMENT

XXXVI.—NO. 155.

 

e +444

 

EA

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.—coryrione, 1919, By the Bun Printing and Publishing Association. 91) PAGES.

 

 

 

CHED ON LEAGUE

 

 

 

 

OF NATION

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS { Soyo

SS ae

PRINCIPLES;

 

 

 

 

FRANCE MAKES SOME RESERVATIONS; JAPAN HOLDS ALOOF;

 

BIG NAVAL BILL |LIST OF MAJOR
CALLED BLUFF | CASUALTIES IS

FOR THE ALLIES} PUT

 

Republicans Resent Wil-
son's Sudden Demand for
Huge Authorizations.

PAPER PROJECT OPPOSED

 

Feeling in Congress Is That
Money Asked Will Not
Be Spent.

 

Epectal Despatch to Tre Sex.

WasHINGTON, Feb. 1.—Republicans of
fhe Senate look with extreme disfavor
on President Wilson's latest demand
for a huge naval programme, which it
fg now believed is not thordgghly and
sincerely a programme of construction
but a programme of biuff.

There is deep resentment through-
out the Senate that Mr. Wilson should
have chosen this particular time for
attempting to force through Congress
stupendous authorizations for expendi-
tures which may never become subject
of appropriations. They denounce in
bitter_terms the authorization of what
they term a “paper programme” of
construction at this critical time in the
affairs of the world.

It became known in the House yester-
day that the occasion for the favorable
report on the naval apvropriation pro-
gramme by the Commitiee on Naval Af-
fairs was the direct result of Executive
pressure applied by cable to the com-
mittee members. It was known in the
Mouse that the acceptance of Mr. Dan-
eis's plan and the granting of his de-
mands for the great three year pro-
grainme of construction followed imme-
diately on the receipt of a cable from
President Wilson in which it was set
forth that the plans of the American
delegation would be sadly interfered
with at Versailles unless the American
Congress showed its willingness to ild
the great navy which the Daniels plahs
project.

At once thie became known in the
Senate and there wae a reaction. dt
Was pointed out that the President's de-
inand for a “big navy’ programme at
this time could mean only one thing. It
vas regarded as indicating that the
American peace commissioners were
ending themselves to a game of bluff.
But along with this suggestion at once
‘rose the question of who might be the
object of the bluff. F

The Republicans are preparing to de-
y»and what the occasion for the bluff is.
They are ready to go forward with any
programme of construction within rea-
son

There will be no effort on the part
ft tepublicans of the Senate either
Naval Committee or on the floor
stall the appropriation of a gen-
erous sum for actual conetruction, but a
halt will be called in sharp fashion
igainst the enactment of a bluff authori-
vation of hundreds of millions for the
vose of “impressing”? America’s late
"es now striving at
onference to readjust the balance of
the world and effect a durable peace.

   
     

 

 

 

ALLIES CONTROL TURKEY.

Railroads and Banks of Country
Armistice,

 

Taken Under

WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.—-An official re-
o the State Department to-day
ut inced that the. French and British
ties had assumed control of all
i in European and Asiativ
vy {n accordance with the terms of
rmistice and that the Allies also
i taken over control of the Constanti-
le police and the German and Aus-
rian banks in the Turkish capital.

«se measures, it was stated, were
good effect upon the situation
rkey, and disorders were decreas-

 
 
 

 

r Admiral Mark L. Bristol haa
el at Constantinople and has holsted
Amefican flag again over the
ted States ship Scorpion, a cable to
> Department reported. The

1 had been detailed to Constantl-

pe for several years before the war

am

eRe When the United States broke
" ms with Germany the ship and
its crew were Interned.

 
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
 

} First Division Suffered Most.
i

the Versatlles |

AT 66,592

With Records 95 P. C. Com-
plete, N. Y. Troops Stand
Near Top in Losses.

10,000 UNACCOUNTED FOR

First Regular Division Paid
Heaviest Toll—Infantry
Bore Brunt.

 

 

Special Despatch to Tam Sow.

WasHinoton, Feb. 1.—Gen. March,
Chief of Staff, to-day made public an
official tabulation of casualties by di-
visions 95 per cent. complete for the
American Expeditionary Forces. The
total, exclusive of two regiments of
marines in the Second Division, shows:
Killed in action 27,762, died of wounds
11,396, missing in action 14,649 and
Prisoners 2,785, @ total of 66,592.
Wounded are not included in the list.
The Twenty-seventn (New York) Di-
vision had 1,302 killed {m action, 404
died of wounds, 380 missing in action
and 158 prisoners, a total of 2,194.

The 107th Regiment had 418 killed
in action, 25 missing in action, 99 died
of wounds and 16 prisoners. The 106th
Regiment lost 315 killed in action, 77
died of wounds, 137 missing in action
and 134 prisoners. The 105th and
108th suffered less severely.

The Forty-second (Rainbow) Divi-
sion, which included New York troops,
lost 1,072 killed in action, 723 died of
wounds, 440 missing in action and 85
prisoners, a total of 2,950. The 165th
Regiment (old Sixty-ninth) lost 435
killed, 187 died of wounds, 230 missing
in action and 27 prisoners, a total of
879.

The Seventy-seventh (Camp Up-
ton) Division lost 1,275 killed tn ac-
662 died of wounds, 529 missing
in action, and 336 prisoners, a total
of 2,692.

Tn killed in action the First ‘Regular

| Division leads the list with 2,303. Other
| divisions with more than one thousand
j men killed in action etand in the fol-
ee order: Third, 1,901; Forty-sec-
ond, 1,702; Thirty-second, 1,694; Twen-
| ty-eighth, 1,544; Fourth, 1,500; Twenty-
; Sixth, 1,388; Second, 1,383; Twenty-sev-
jenth, 1,302; Seventy-seventh, 1,275, and
{ Thirtieth, 1,084.
| In the National Army divisions the
| regimental losses of the 316th Infantry,
Seventy-ninth Division, were the heavi-
est, totailing 800.
i
place the four infantry regiments of
the First Division as heaviest sufferers
with from 1,150 to 1,164 major casual-
{tles in each. These regiments are the
Sixteenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-sixth and
Twerty-eighth Regulars. Figures for
the Fifth and Sixth (Marine) regiments
in this division are not ‘given.

Among the Nationa) Guard divisions
the heaviest regimental losses recorded
are from the 110th Infantry of the
Twenty-eighth Division, 1,142 men,
while the losses of the 109th Infantry
of the same division stand second at
1,112.
Twenty-sixth

988, and fourth is the 165th Infantry of | .4.4,mandeered by the Allies will be

the Forty-second, with 879,

 

What the Records Show,
By the Associated Press,
WasttInuton, Feb, 1.-—-Official tables

of the major battle casualties of the

American forces in France, made pubiic| which has overtaken the fatherland.

to-day by Gen. March, Chief of Sta,
show that approximately 10,000 men re-
main unaccounted for’ almost

|The deaths, missing and known pris-
oners are tabulated up to January 10
for each of the thirty combatant divl-
sions of Gen. Pershing’s army. The total
ts 66,592,
as missing or captured.
An appended statement
only 29 American military
were believed to be still In Germany on

prisoners

WEIMAR UNDER STRICT @vARD. [unos 8, and that 4,800 prisoners had

Plans for German Assembly Call
for First Session Thursday.

Paris, Feb. 1.—Since Thursday no one
tas been allowed to enter the city of
Nelrmar without permission, says a Zur-
‘ch despateh to the Petit Parisien, which
‘aye that after Monday no one wil! be
‘'owed to enter without a special pags.

The opening of the session of the;

German Constituent Assembly is fixed
for 1 o'clock next Thursday. On Friday

* President of the aesembly will be
sected, after which the Assembly will
‘djourn to give the committees time to

 

°o

1s6 the proposed constitutign of the!

German Republic.

GHERARDI GOING TO BERLIN.

Other Members of U. 8. Mission to
Be Stationed in Various Cities,

Panta, Feb, 1-—Capt, Walter R
*herard!, former American naval at-
tache at Berlin, who is at the head of
‘he party to be sent to Germany to
‘Avestigate political, goctal and economic
onditions for the American delegation
f the Penee Conference, wil} make his
Peadquarters in Berlin.

The other membére of the unoffictal

 

 

mission will be stationed in vartous Ger-

man cities, Dr. H. H, Field and Lieut.
George Howe will be in Munich.

Continued on Eighth Page.

   
 

 

|

|
|

Smokes Help Vastly
as Boys Await Orders

THE uncertainty about when

they may be returned to the
United States is harder to bear
than any experience under fire
in the front lines, declare the sol-
diers, who add that THE SUN
smokes restore patience to them
in these conditions. A great
number of grateful doughboys
and their officers have written
to the donors of the fund since
the first of the year. What they
say appears on page 1, section 4.

“Send us more smokes, they
are better than medicine,” is the
appeal of wounded men in
hospital. Surely the donors of
the fund will respond.

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors,

 

|

 
 

 

  
 
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
       
 
    
   
     
   

i

 

 

 

| by the strike of the electrical and 848 | guarding the railway stations, bridges, land Srdmakrenga.

|

 

three} situation at Bremen, toward which city
;months after the ending of hostilities | groups are advancing from Berlin.

|

 

of whom 17,484 are classified} Copenhagen advices to the Exchange

shows that! hard fighting is expected.

{

|

!
|

|

 

in the German armies,
i

ja lessening of the authority of the Sol-

eee control even in matters of

lqenereiy with dissatisfaction, it being

  

Two New York Divisions Lost 2,577 Killed
and Suffered 2,311 Other Major Casualties

     
         
     
       
       
        
      
       
      
      
       
       
              
     
        
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    

 

Babess Lbs ks Feb. 1.—A aummary of the major battle casualties of the
American divisional troops in France, giving the classification of losses

by divisions, including figures for the Field Signal Battalions and Division trains,
Sollows:

  

 

 

Div. No. Killed. Died. Missing. Prisoners. Totals. | |
Li ccestceesizsecvscces BB00 1,050 1,789 106 5,248 ||
SO) i vcescter ieevevete . 1,383 696 813 73 2,965
SiiVissassccrsevveceye 1,901 589 873 254 3,607
Rey ecie SUEV ENCE EEE N aes 1,500 618 R17 At 2,986 ||
Orcsay Cet enns 970 505 6,969 60 2,5 |
OG. ivscis! EVE IEEs CRO 49 67 % 3 122 ||
Moe eE Tee ae 175 98 +O 3 326 ||
RO CCric ster ees ea eriryas 1,388 660 462 354 2,864
La Een eee 1,302 A404 330 158 2,194
SO aa enriaye ean 1,544 553 1,174 619 3,890
BOG) cvvcicrsnvrivesvess 597 220 267 33 1,117 |,
BO. ivsccesececvecsceces 1,084 415 251 22 1,772 ||
BS. cestovsececnstccecces 1608 708 768 43 3,213 ||
AR ree A ie ke ek 632 261 249 29 1,171 ||
GB cs ccavevaceus cess veces 596 217 808 112 1,733 ||
BO i501 ORK ese CHT OSs Tt EES 358 116 393 2 869 ||
G7 vps teciveseeevectceeee 658 289 303 © 0 1,250 |
BO (G)azatecssiveceveses kes *723 440 85 2,950 ||
TC @)svcvecvsvesssvscces 1,975 552 529 336 2,692 ||
48 Qiscewousecssvedsve OLS 339 508 63 1,825 ||
FOr va ceev ene eee oeteeys 80 352 1,142 15 2,389 |!
OO: (Bi cavec cess seahosnss 636 337 286 96 1,355 ||
SU ice SV EVE TSE TESS 203 86 79 sae 370 |}
BPincsvevsces ereweey 808 324 271 189 1,592 ||
Oe USGS TR ITE TROT RS HOTT 20 33 7 6 66
BUT chicane Poeeeeteens 838 427 256 4 1,525
DOs ucsvevss@0t nse ergs 936 327 287 35 1,585 |}
Oli sasedscoutseussveters 934 275 70 23 1,702
GB cevccvcessevescosovse 109 50 AT 5 211
GO anrtvisevesteesereees 372 05 8 4 489
TOCA cccessevececcs 27,762 11,396 14,649 2,785 56,592

(a) Two regiments of marines in the Second Division are not included
in this table. Figures for the marine brigade of the Second division, not
carried in the War Department summary, complete to January 1,show: Killed
and died of wounds, 55 officers and 1,507 men; missing in action, 2 officers and
695 men; severely wounded, 91 officers and 1,802 men; slightly wounded, 186
officers and 5,296 men; gassed, 31 officers and 1,854 men. ‘Total casualties
for all causes, 365 officers and 11,152 men.

(b) New York National Guard.

(c) Includes New Jersey National Guard. ,

(d) Rainbow Division, which includes the 165th Infantry

(e) New York Metropolitan National Army.

(f) Includes National Army troops from western New York.

(g) Includes New Jersey National Army.

|
\
}
|

 

FORCED LABOR, SOLDIERS QUELL
GERMANTHREAT) GLASGOW MOBS

Revolution Seems to Have De-| Fresh Troops
generated Into a Wage
Movement.

 

 

Brought In,
More in Reserve—NStrike
Leaders Held.

ON

HALT IN WORK GENERAL

100.000 IDLE CLYDE;

 

Difficulty Expected in Finding | Continental Bolshevists, Work-
Crews for Commandeered
Ships.

ing on Union Malcontents, |
Blamed for Trouble.

{

By the Associated Press {

' Guascow, Feb, 1.—Great crowds}
AMSTERDAM, Feb. 1.--Germany iS] were about the streets all of to-day, |

strikeridden, and the revolution seemS ] put no disorder occurred following the!

 

 

Special Cable DespatcA to Tue Srn.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

Tables showing losses by regimentsa!to have degenerated into a mere wage ! graye situation created by the strike attacked at Taresevo from three sides |...

movement, laments the Frankfort Ga- i yesterday. Soldiers are guarding alt!

gette, Stoppage of work in the Ger-j|the important parts of the city, and!
man collieries seems to have been pro- | officials arranged for calling in troops |
ductive of the main distress, although j from, outlying districts in case

of |
life in Berlin has been dislocated badly | emergency. !

Highland regimer&s are:

workers, resulting in a complete lack | electric power stations and gas works. |
of illumination. The strike leaders, Emanuel Ship-

The Government threatens to eN- 'wel], William Gallagher and David}
force compulsory labor unless the situ-| Kirkwood, were charged to-day be-!

ation improves. fore police magistrates with inciting |
Thousands of seamen and dockerS/¢to riot and assemblying for unlawful |

are out at Hamburg and Bremen, and! purposes. Gallagher was charged
Next is the 102d Infantry of the|there seems to be considerable doubt |aisgo yrith assaulting a policeman.
Division with a total of|whether the German merchant ship8|qney were remanded until February

6, bail being refused.

Minor leaders were dealt with similar-
ly on about the same charges. Shipwell |
is an offictal of the British Seafarers’
Unton and a member of the Town
Council,

able to leave harbor with German
crews.

The German workers are accused in
the newspapers of a lamentable under-

estimation of the frightful calamity {

 

 

Fresh troops were brought into the
elty during the day. The council of
Scottish trade unionists held a meeting

Lonpon, Feb. 1.—-There is a critical
to discuss a resolution brought up by

the Parliamentary Committee. The dele-
gates pledged themselves and their or-
ganizations to do their utmost for the
success of the forty hour movement, |
protested againste‘the brutal behavior
of the authorties," and demanded the
release of the prisoners.

 

De-
mands that the city be surrendered have
been refused by the workers there, who
have decided to defend it, according to
that

Telegraph Company. It is said

SS NSU SONGS

PRUSSIAN WAR CHIEF
DEFIED BY SOLDIERS

Open Revolts F ollow Orders
to Army.

Perfidy Among Strikers Charged,

A statement issued in behalf of the
employers deciares that the extremist |
party among the workmen had repudi-
ated the bargain made by the trade
union leaders and challenged their au-
thority. dt asserts that the extremists |
made no demand on the employers and
had expressly sald they would not ap-
proach the employers.

The issue was between the “revolu-
tionary section” of trade untonists and
the supporters of the accredited repre-
sentatives. Continental Bolghevists, the
statement goes on to declare, ‘were using
malcontents to upset society.

The local newspapers say that no
prominent trade unlonists are support-
ing the strike and that those favoring
the forty hour week are against it
Many labor meetings to-day repudiated
the strike and protested against ‘the
picketing of the districts around the
works in an attempt to prevent the en-
trance of workmen who have not gone
on strike. Numbers of these have been
roughly handled and have gone away.

It is estimated that 100,000 men are
idle on the Clyde, of whom one-third
are strikers.

Bakers Threaten to Go Ont.

The bakers have given notice of their
intention to strike next Saturday unless
they get a fomy hour week,

One hund and eighty-five delegates

Oontinued on Third Page.

 

By the Associated Press.

BERLIN, Jan. 31 (delayed).—An order
issued by Colonel Reinhardt, Prussian
Minister of War, has aroused open re-~-
volts on the part of Soldiers’ Councils

The council of the Ninth Army has
declared that it will not obey the order
and has been informed that the Gov-
ernment will find means to enforce it.

The order of Col. Reinhardt concerns

diers’ Councils. Up to this time the
councils of many or most of the ar-
mies have been exercising virtually

command and the order was received

declared by some that the Government
was playing squarely into the hands of
the Bolshevikt. ‘

The first open revolt came from the
Soldiers’ Council of thy ninth Army
Corps. which’ sent delegates to Gustav
Noeke, the military commander of Ber-
lin, with the demand that the order be
rescinded. Herr Noske refused, where-

 

ee
——__.

Continued ow Second Page.
a

] Vologda Railroad are now estimated to

BOLSHEVIKI COMPEL U. S. AND ALLIES TO RETREAT 20 MILES

 

REDS OUTRIGHT GERMANY WILL |Disarmament Postponed UntilDeteils

LITTLE ARMY IN | LOSE COLONIES
NORTH RUSSIA} UNDER ACCORD

Occupied Regions in Asia
Also Will Be Detached
From Turkey.

DEFINITE PLAN IS FIXED

Mandatories Will Differ in
Power According to Needs
of Peoples.

 

Taresevo Lost in Desperate
Two Days Battle, Foe Us-
ing Gas First Time.

SITUATION IS CRITICAL

 

 

Washington Expects Drastic
Action by Foch if Germans
Furnished Shells.

 

 

By the Associated Press.

ARCHANGEL, Feb. 1.—Another violent
attack by the Bolsheviki on the Amer-
ican, Russian and British positions at
Taresevo compelled the hard pressed
and outnumbered little allted column in
this sector to withdraw on Thursday.
Its new position is at the viJlage of
Srdmakrenga.

The Bolshevik attack followed a
bombardment in which gas, incendiary,
shrapnel and high explosive shells
were used. It was the first time that
gas shelis had been employed in this
northern Russian warfare. The shells
were of the German type.

Oficial Statement Issued.

An official statement on the opera-
tions on the north Russian front is-
sued to-day says:

Wednesday and Thursday the Bol-
sheviki strongly attacked the positions
at Taresevo, compelling the Allles to
retire northward, and they are now
holding positions twenty miles north
ot Taresevo. It is reported that the
Bolsheviki are using gas shells, The
Allies are completely equipped with
anti-gas apparatus.

In Murmagsk allied patrols consist-
{ng of Karelian volunteers have
reached Onlozero (Notosero?). From
this village the Karelians have been
enabled to enlist more volunteers,

It has been learned that early in Jan-
vary, in connection with the general
lan to make the Bolshevik apmy a
formidable force by early spring, gas
schcols were opened at Moscow.

The Bolshevik!, whose active forces in
the fleld from the River Dvina to the

: By the Associated Press.

Paris, Feb. 1.--The accord reached
by the council of the great Powers
concerning the disposal of the German
colonies and occupied regions in Tur-
key in Asia is much more definite than
is generally supposed and besides ac-
ceptance in principle of the American
plan of mandatories it embraces the
following main fegtures:

The allied and associated Powers

are agreed that the German colonies

' shall not be returned to Germany,

owing, first, to mismanagement,

cruelty and the use of these colonies
as submarine bases.

The conquered regions of Armenia.
Syria, Mesopotamia, Palestine and
Arabia shal] be detached from the
Turkish Empire.

Provision is made whereby the
wellbeing and development of back-
ward colonial regions are regarded as
the sacred trust of civilization, over
which the League of Nations exer-
cises supervisory care. The admin-
istration or tutelage of these regions
is entrusted to the more advanced
nations, who will act as mandatories
in behalf of the League of Nations.

 

Mané@atories Not Uniform.

These mand@atories are not uniform,
but vary according to the degree of de-
velopment of the colonial region and its
approazh to the etage of self-government.
The’ mandates in Palestine, Syria and
other portions of Turkey, where well de-

, veloped civilization exists, would be com-
paratively light and would probably per-
mit of the provisional recognition of the
independence of these communities

On the other hand, colonies like those
in Central Africa would require a man-

datory with large powers of administra-
tion, responsible for the suppression
of the slave trade, the liquor traffic, am-
munition and arms traffic and the pre-
vention of military authority on the part
of the natives except for native police
purposes,

Other colonies and localities, such as
ose in German Southwest Africa and
some of the South Pacific islands, have
and greatly outgunned, the defenders) ch sparse and scattered populations and
held on there unt!! Thursday, when a/4Fe 9° Separated from otner communities
flanking column of the enemy with guns | that the laws of the mandatory country
proceeded northwestward over a winter! Would probably prevail in these regions.
road and began an attack on the village
of Gora, which {is on the line of commu-
nication northward between Taresevo

number 15,000, brought up suii more
artillery Thursday and are heavily shell-
ing the new American position on the
Vaga River and also the position on the |
lbvina at Tugas. The other sectors are
comparatively quiet.

Follows Week of Fighting.

The American evacuation of Taresevo
was made only after a week of fighting
in this sector, in which the Bolsheviki
kept persistently on the offensive after
suffering considerable losses in their first | th
attack, which was repulsed. Although)

Will Repert Regularly.

The mandatories will report at stated
intervals to the League of Nations con-
cerning tlie manner in which a colony Is
being administered,

The foregoing general outline
cates on broad lines the terms whereby,
it is declared, conflicting views were
finally reconciled and a common agree-
ment was reached acceptable to all the
great and colonial Powers.

In framing the details for the plan
the committee is understood to have
agreed that the present immigration
laws of Australia should obtain in New
Guinea.

One of the main claims of

The little detachment of British and
Russians at Gora held out until the
American Taresevo force completed its
evacuation. The two forces then joined,
retreating northward in good order.

The weather for the two days was un-
usually warm, with slight snowfalls yes-
terday. .The winter trails are in splen-
did condition for sleighs, and the relief}
from the extreme cold is facilitating the
movement of enemy troops from the
southward.

Australia
for the outright annexation of this terri-
tory was that under internationalization
she would be unable to maintain her
present laws, which provide for exclu

sigs tet ease ° sion in certain cases.” ‘The conferees de-
Reds Said to Be Using Ger- cided, it is stated, that Australia wou'd

man Gas Shells. , the right to say what immigration

REGION FACE CRISIS

was desirable.

 

WASHINGTON, Feb, 1.—-The situation
in the Archangel district 1s regarded by
military officers in northern Russia as
extremely critical

Advices to the War Department to-
day made no reference to an appeal for
reenforcements, but it was said here
that inasmuch as this was a matter for
determination by the Supreme War’ gates to the Peace Conference ,it is un-
Council at Paris, a more complete re-! derstood, will raise no objection to the
port has been sent to that body, posst-; appointment of Count von Bernstorff,
bly with a request for additional sup-|former German Ambassador !n Wash-
port. ington, as one of the German delegates

Reports that the Bolsheviki were using} to the Peace Conference, although not
gas shells was taken here by some om-, attempting to influence or speak for the
cers to tnean that this equipment had] Entente delegation.
been supplied through German SOUTCOS, | It is declared that it is beyond the
notwithstanding the terms of the armi-!/ power of one government to say that
stice, and if this was established it was it does not desire the presence of any
intimated that drastlo action would be| person that the other party to the
taken by Marshal Foch. treaty making process may select as a

Available figures obtained by War representative.

Department officials show that the Brit-
ish force in the region of the north ts
approximately 6,000, American 4,500,
French 1,500, loyal Russians under Brit-
ish officers 1,600 and 1,000 other soldiers
of one of the smaller allied countries.
The exact disposition of these forces is
not known officially in Washington, no
report on this having been made in some

WILL NOT FIGHT BERNSTORFF.

Won't Object to

 

U. §. Delegates
Him as Peace Envoy.

Paris, Feb. 1.-——-The American dele-

 

WILL STUDY WAR TERRAIN.

rate History of Conflict.

By the Associated Press.

Paris, Feb. 1.—To insure the writing
of an accurate history of the war a
score of officers under orders to return
to America have been detained and sent
to Italy to make a atudy of the regions
over which the Italian and Austrian
campaigns were fought.

A large number of officers are now en-
gaged in studying the devastated regions
of France and Belgium for the same
purpose.

8.

Army officials said that the body of
troops now retreating before well armed
and reenforce’ Bolshevik! was smail,
being little more than an advanced post.
Reports of a forty mile retirement, how-
ever, led experts to believe that a larger
body was engaged than had been sup-
posed heretofore.

Use of gas and high explosives by
the Bolshevik! was looked upon by army
men as the most disquieting feature of
the military greports as they affected
Americans. resevo, from which it was
reported the Americans had been forced
to retire, is a small town about 130
miles directly south of Archangel.

 

Pershing Inspects Brest Rarracks.

Brest, Feb. 1.—-Gen. John J. Persh'ng,
commander of the Arnerican forces in
France, has arrived here by special train
to inspect barracks in the city and near
by.

indl- |

U. S. Officers to Help Make Accu-|

Are Worked Out—Conscription to
Be Abolished if Method Can Be
Devised for Army in Italy

OUTLINE TO BE PRESENTED AT
SESSION TO BE HELD TO-MORROW

 

|
‘Committee Will Hear Neutrals and Switzerland
| First--Wilson Hopes to Bring Home Copy
of Complete Draft—Submarines Are
Forbidden—Neutral Seat for League.

 

 

 

By LAURENCE HILLS,
Staff Correspondent of THz SuN.
Copyright, 1919; all righta reserved.

| PARIS, Feb. 1—The United States, Great Britain, Italy
jand France, the last named with some reservations, have
\Senieh to the basic principles of the League of Nations plan,

which to-night is being put on paper by political draftsmen
for presentation to the first full meeting of the league com-
mittee, which has been called for Monday at the Hotel Crillon.

The American plan, submitted by President Wilson at
the conference where the agreement was reached, is to be the
backbone of the scheme. As now drafted it is specific as to
administrative and other features. It calls for meetings of
the league in a neutral country, such as Switzerland or
|Holland, with an organization of ee representatives,

°

who are to be the Ambassadors that country or special
| appointees,

| The members of the league pledge themselves to use their economie
weapons to enforce the decisions of the league, but the employment of
| physical force is left for each one to decide for itself. Employment of
‘economic weapons, however, is compulsory. Disarmament is post-
poned until the league works out a programme on a grand ecale, but the
idea is indorsed.

The abolition of conscription is included, provided that the point
raised by Italy can be met by the military experts now at work on it.
It is the contention that Italy is unable to raise an army by the
volunteer system and if restricted to that method she would be helpless.
Submarines are placed under a ban as a war weapon.

The plan is still liable to many changes, as the neutrals have been
invited to submit their views. Those of the Swiss are to be received
on Monday. The league committee will meet ‘every day after Monday
and President Wilson hopes that its labors will be so far advanced when
aoe for America that he will be able to take home a draft of the
plan.

The President is well satisfied with the result of his work so far. as
he believes that the basic outlinexalready agreed upon will render war
by an outlaw nation like Germany absolutely impossible in the future
The mandate plan is embodied only as a genera] principle, Italy's feats
being calmed by an assurance that it would not apply to territory like
the Trentino.

The plan clearly calls for a conference to determine upon a definite
economic policy, which some believe will raise a constitutional point in
the United States. It is largely the work of President Wilson Lord
Robert Cecil and Gen. Jan Smuts.

France apparently is unwilling as yet to go as far as the others
Japan is not taking any part; her attitude is quite puzzling.

GOMPERSSTANDS
WITH BELGIANS

|
eaictascreten
|

 

|

 

, while

 

 

Doubt and scepticism sti)! remain
in many diplomatic quarters over the
Possibility that any league plan wil!
meet the conditions. Until the league
plan is committed definitely to paper
and its defects cf be exposed the
Statesmen sitting around the table
with the President have belleved it
American Labor Men Will Re- | to be better apparently on account of

the popularity of his ideas with the

fuse to Meet Germans at masses to suspend if not to forego

Ram their objections to the revolutionary
! . changes in political methods which
Parra aot he has urged, if not demanded
| : By tha Associated Praga Won Through British Aid.
ARIS, Feb. 1.—The American Fed- Si
eration. Of Labor delagaticn, keane | It is significant that every time the

 

President wins a point such as was
involved in the colonial question the
Socialist press indulges in wild re
joicing. But the touchstone of it all
now is to be the plan itself. In other

| by Samuel Gompers, decided to-night |
| to support the Belgian Soctalists and
| Trade Unionists
i the

who refuse to meet
Germans at either the Socialist |
or Trade Union congresses which will |

j convene simultaneously at Bern next words, upon the President's four-
week. teenth point, providing for the forma-

This decision was adhered to tion of the league of nations, are pow
throug ai two-day session, despite hung most of the others, Tt must

the protests of the Rritish and French| be @ Stout peg to carry such a bur-

trade untonists, who will go to|“en and it seeins now by common
Bern to-morrow. consent to have been put up to Pres!
| The delegates of twenty-two nations, | dent Wilson and Lord Robert Ceet?
{including such national groups of the|to see that it does.

jformer Russian Empire as tha visa It is

the Anglo-American alliance
| nlans and Esthonians, are now at Bern, iwhiech

lor on their way there. Tho four ab.| _hus enabled President Wilson
‘petitess from bath Gonevannes are Fe ee guin many of his points The
Americans and Belgians, who refuse jeer have been called upon so far
{parley with their late enemies unti) | to make suerifices, but on the other
Peace {s signed, and the Bolsheviki,| hand Grest Britain is to keep her
bei whom the Norwegian trade union- | fleet and her potential control of the
sts agree that neither Soctalist nor seas under the league pl ‘tr \
trade union programme is sufficiently Ese PAD O81) Ow
jradical, thus taking the opposite view- Is being shaped.
|point from that of the Americans and This appears plat!niy to be the price
| Belgians E , of the British support whieh the
Announcement that the International | president has had on many pointe
} It is impossible not to believe this

 

Soctalist and Labor Conference in Bern
would convene early next week, inducad

| Ameren BOclnliats, one of whom are | represents a “oncession on the
n aris, o make efforts to obtain ores ‘ e .

American participation in the confer- part of the President, when com
ence pared with the views which {t was

Application was made to Col. FE. M.| alleged on pretty good authority he
House of the American peace delegation 7

' .
to have passports {Issued to two promi- | held when he left Washington. There
nent American Socialists, who are be- | Also {s good reason to belleve that
lisved to be in dew sore at the present! the British construction of the “free-
me. us far the application has ’
elicited no response. It is understood, dom of the seas” will be the one
j however, that Washington will be per-| adopted here. when the architects of
mitted to deal with the applications in| the league reach this point These
being the two things dearest to Brii-

accordance with its general policy con-
cerning passports
- {sh hearts, the British have no cause

Maria Theresa Seriously Il. to belleve that there is anything
MUNICH, Feb. 1.--The condition of | wrong with their diplomacy at this
former Queen Maria Theresa of Bavaria conference.

has become very serious. It {s feared

that her {ilness will terminate fatally On top of this Ves also the fact

 

ane

i
at
t
f ;
iat
SWty BP
3 1
Nae
4
3
- 4
k
Wan
a ie.
Tan
A fy
ae 8
i t
‘|
< Po ia
Pail
fri
at

 

 

:
i
}

=