i Pa iat %
. ’

AES a a? a
‘FEBRUARY © 2,-

  
 

ee

ty uae pS

2
’ 4

oN, ‘SUND:

—-

  

i ae
oe
; + athe . : ‘

MILLION MUSTERED

  

   
    

 

 

SS

LEAGUE'S OPERATION

 

 

 

     

 

It comen, EB. Eveleth Winslow, Amos A

that from all present indtentions ‘the | effective guarantees of their loyal in- lot the King is still unpublished.

ae | FRENCH ARMY LEFT |" on." Fas Grats ee
: » league plan which eventually will be ; ; P oO A N o “T admive the imitation whieh gene, WhlAm Bryden, George R. Allin,
-: adopted as the cornerstone of the; most of the session to-day to hearing ° ‘

Hand,
Reynolds J. Burt, Willam B. Cochran,
Frederick B. Shaw, Mathew CG. Smit>,
Walter C. Short, Albért C. Dalton, Mel.

France willingly {mposed, upon herself
and which so vitally coneérns her mill-
tary defence.'"’

The former Premier was laboring

. peace treaty will be; from the point! M. Bratiano and M. Mishu concerning
OE view of authorship, largely a Brit- Rumania's territorial interests, which,

BEGINS WITH PEACE} WATER OUT OF U. §. FORCES

BORDER UNCOVERED

in addition to the Banat region at Issue

ish plan, or rather a combination of

 

with Serbia, Include Dobrudja Province

 

Leads All

 

under great emotion and his voice was

 

 

ville 8, Jarvig and Robert W. Mearns

ra . : and ports lying along the Black Sea, as ‘ at hi i very corner About 200 officers and 3,500 men
f Suite and Loed Robert Cecll, aa well ne Trans ivania. and, Bukowina "| Details So Far Advanced That wie eae and wonderful Withdrawn July 30, 1914, to of tie spacious chamber, as "he con: Total Ordered for EarJy Dis- nounced by the Dar Department. to-d19

sia, Yas eulady ix Outtite Os nae te fe “tartrueton to the. commission | Machinery Will Bo Set | Potted only atthe Sprite under ger. {| Prove Peaceful Intent as | ,,""",!* essentia that the world know! charge Is 1,896,000, 153,« Fates North-Carotinn, ate to ger
* Uden accept ge the cornerstone, but the entire Pela, economic and mil Up Quickly. Wor SPANISH INFLU engl sae Germans Advanced. flee Baerifis In anoorerct our’ drome 000 From Overseas. the Twelfth Battalion Twentieth En.
<a | kituation in the Teschen region between Seta ieee Sfeatest danger is the after-effects pon thin Peak GMCS CTE teas vetoes f

* left out, ag has already: been agreed,

 

upon the kidneys and intestines.

 

 

you think that great and noble America

 

tieth Engineers, casual companies of

the Poles, and Csecho-Slovaks has .b ’ TI] ‘ ’ » TU I te ; linea § ¢ he ‘ y S air service troope, Georgians and Penn.
the league plan cannot bring about provistonaily adjuated ty an sgreament RULES FOR THE COLONIES Poland water can be drunk in any REV ELATIONS BY VIVIANI ech 8 "ening denoratration oF our 88, Canna maem oy 10) syivanians, and 30 casual officers.

® disarmament. Bven Lord Robert ad- | between the delegates of these countries, . - - \ |[ quantity with perfect safety and is good faith aed thet it had no influence The transport Saxonia with 104 off.

mits this, yet the Bern. Labor Con- | Which the council approved. A i the most efficient Natural ‘Diuretic t upon her final decision? ; cers and 1,168 men enrolled as sick and

ference is about to demand that the | rte Socralt communication of the Su-]Open Door Is: Preserved ‘and aner’ for th were Stimulating }} Former Premier Discloses| «The responsibilities for the war hie | Gen. March Reports Numerous . ae ae aad poe avare ine en

: D “| preme Council says: < effect upon the kidneys. i ey 8 . ; tae > : ih

* Peace Congress Ifve up to President] ‘The President of the United States, Export Duties'Permitted an ae torians mey discuss, but France by her bulance companies Nos, 21 and 23 for

** Wilson’s fourth point (the reduction

the Prime Ministers and the Fore!gn
Ministers of the allied and associated’

_ Only by Consent.

 

For sale in any quaritity by leading
druggists and grocers generally and at

 

 

 

 

 

 

France’s “Sublime Sacrifice”
—Deputy Attacks Move.

 

withdrawal ten kilometers away from
her frontier has given the world proof

 

Units Soon Will Arrive

 

Camp Meade, a casual detachment of

Lee

; . . i negro troops for Camp and the

of national Armaments to the lowest} Bowers and the Japanese repreaénta: POLAQD WATER DEPOT of her earnest desire for peace. Here From France headquarters of the Firat Battalion
“point consistent with domestic] tives met this afternoon at the Qual ; — a BROADWAY AND KTH ST. New York PERSHING DENIES Fiftleth Regiment Coast Artillery.

“* gafety) d'Orsay from 3 to 6:15 o'clock. Special Cable Despatch to Tue Svs. TELEPHONE MADISON BQUARE 4748, : , b Demobilizat! The steamers Norfolk, due at New

i The conference approved the text of Copyright, 1919; all righte reserved. SEND FOK ILLUSTRATER BOOKLET Paris, Feb. 1.—-On July 30, 1914, the WasninoTon, Feb. 1.—Demobilization | york February 15, and the South Pole

* ° Two Big Questions Arise. the provisional agreement between the 1 To ‘ Th ral eMabilahe', French Government ordered its troops to MEN ARE LAWLESS of the army passed the million mark dur- due at New York February 3, are bring-

: a Czechs and the Poles, proposed by the ANDON, Feb. 1.—The fi a - tire elght or ten kilometers from the ing the last week, Gen. March announced | !"& @ few casuals each.
With respect to the United States, | delegates of the Powers, regarding the | ment of the league of nations upon aj retire elght or ten , jing . 4 968411 The Third, Sixth and Eight Balloon
3 pending publication of the plan| Teschen district. practical basis will synchronize with the frontier, having heard that the German | Tells Secretary Baker Paris to-day, with 61,237 officers and 952, Companies and the 308th Ammunition

*

agreed upon by President Wilson and
~ Lord Robert Cecil, these questions

: are being raised here:

Can the American Senate ratify
a@ treaty contMning a league of na-
tons plan that would bind future

‘* congresses to a certain economic

od
—— = eee.
Bet ST SR

policy in the event that interna-
tional situations arise requiring

istrative plan of the league of na-
tions to be Inid before the Peace Con-
% gress instead of merely a broad out-

The instructions to be given to the’
interaliied commission which is to pro-
ceed to Poland were definitely decided
upon and approved, =

The Rumanian delegates, M. Bra-
fiano and M. Mishu, were then {ntro-
duced. M,. Bratiano made a detaltled
statement of the Rumanian claims,

The next meeting will take place on
Monday at 11 A. M.

Gompersg Heads Labor Committee.
The Commission on International Leg-

Those present at the meeting were M.
Colliard, the French Minister of Labor;
M. Loucheur, the French Minister of Re-
construction; M. Fontaine and Leon Jou-

tention to observe its covenants.
The Council of the Great Powers gave

conclusion of the work of the Peace Con-
gress, THe SUN is informed from a high

pected, possibly within three months.
In the ‘meantime two other matters,
aside from the league of nations, will
occupy the immediate attention of the
peace delegates, China is to get some
Britain,

simultaneous examination. :

All Are Anxious for Speed.

PRUSSIA WAR CHIEF

DEFIED BY TROOPS

 

Continued from First Page.

upon the delegution informed him that

, the order would not be obeyed in thelt

 
 

Colonel was sent by the Government to
discuss the matter, ordered the Colonel
to leave the city within twenty-four

troops were moving toward it, Rene
Viviani, former Premier, declared in the
Chamber of Deputies last night in the
course of disclosures concerning the
origin of the war, some of which never
have been made public.

M. Viviani was Premier when the war
broke out.

“It was on July 30," he said, ‘that the
Government of which I wae the chief;
decided that the French troops mathe

 

France as well as Russia bears no re-
wponeibility for the attack.’

These reminiscences of the momentous
days of the last of July, 1914, caused the
Deputies to rise and cheer the former

Stories Are Untrue.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.—Gen. Pershing
in an official telegram to Secretary Ba-
ker to-day characterized the sensational
reports in. French newspapers of as-
saults and burglaries having been com-
mitted in Paris by American soldiers as
“gross exaggerations.”

jen. Pershing's cable follows:

“Reference your telegram No, 2570, a

Naturally there are minor disturbances
in Paris. But the American military
police organization is excellent and
these disorders are kept at a minimum.

men actually discharged, Of the officers
mustered out 2,444 had been on duty in
Washington.

The demobilization has proceeded to
such a point that general officers are be-
ing discharged from the war organiza-
tion. Gen. Mareh announced the honor-

able discharge of thirty-three Generals,
all except four being regulars, who re-
turn to thelr rank in the regular estab-

including 153,000 returning from o#4:r-
pean.

Pass Back to Reserve Corps.
Gen, March said 10,706 officers in the

Train also have been assigned to eariy
convoy.

150,000 GERMANS
HOLD POLES BACK

 

 

; money. Bankers of Great retire elght or ten kilometers from the) personal knqwiedge of conditions and in- | }jshment. .

euch action by the league; in the | islation on Labor of the Peace Confer- F . nd the United States and Japan army. Noske replied that the Govern-| frontier. On the same day I requested vestigation since receipt your telegram| Three National Guard officers ordered | Volunteers, Free From Taint

* majority opinion of its directors? ence unanimously elected Samuel Gom- | France @ : ° 50,000,.| ment would find means to enforce it. | Paul Cambon (French Ambassador in| chowg that sensational reports as to as-! mustered out are Brig. Gens. Charles X.
Can the United. States ‘claim | Pets. president of the American Federa- | kre to participate in a loan of $50,000,- The Government, !t is believed, how-| London) by wire to inform Sir Edward! sauits and burglaries by American sol-| Zimmerman, who commanded the Sev- of Bolshevism Used as
Zi a Hiaee tion of Labor, as president at a meeting | 000, to secure twhich the Chinese Gov- ever, will hav ri ei oo Sees te Grey of the measure taken. diors are cross exaggerations. Crimes|enty-third Infantry brigade; Roy Hoff- : ;

o re a a aes ok he renin’ santa ee eae are a ol ernment will pledge certain reyenues of attempts is eihine? a fc. I The Cablegram to Grey. ; by American soldiers in Paris are almost} man, who was temporarily in ee Frontier Foree.

trine in future applications : 3 stry o or Wag elected , mpts force the order. The coun- | ‘ negiigtble, considering the large number | of the Ninety-thir vision, and Leroy

mandate plan,. when this, would |{eneral secretary, with Mr. Butler, a the country as security. eee eile tn many army corps as well as a|_“‘Englend. J said, ‘will realize that tf] Gr Cran ie the vieinity, ‘The bate Mar|G. Bwecaee Belbedeh, denn A, Jenne Se are
0 to put Ameri a in a special British delegate, as “jomt general sec-/of the bankers concerned are to visit great number of local councils already France is firm it is not she who is sae (ee said as to conditions throughout] ton, a former regular, appointed from special Cabte Dieseeh. 6 Tar 00s
* seem to) é erie : retary, The commission decided to name] China and investigate the qnancial situ- : Coa ’! measures of aggrossion. Although Ger- France ! civil life, is the fourth other than the . ogame
th clays? aCe 1 | {£60 seqrefaries, ope Italidn. Palma Cas-| sion . here” ‘The committee system | 5@¥¢ Sven notice that the order will not|many has moved her troops upon her “Since the conclusion of the armistice | regulars to be discharged. Copyrigh?, 1919: all rights reseri ed.
tk This week's developtherts seem to eet are eae aean sway fe. to-be d by the conference enables this | ® obeyed. battle Hne the Governinent of the French) parig offers attractions to men mis-| The total number of men ordered for| Parts, Feb. 1—The new German
"he ll i f , let ils of the admin ine raid ae cae i ee a is . Mi to come under| The council! at Luebeck, to whom a Republic intends to demonstrate that/ onievously and criminally inclined.]|early discharge has reached 1,396,090, volunteer army enlisted to protect the

eall row for details o 2 -} the nations with special interests. an milar matters

eastern frontier against the Poles is
asserted by Germans to number 300,000
men, but reliable information received

Fr La , Th ! “N } ceable n
5 Mine. These and other similar ques: fee ens the & ench at at Ree ac aan a that tr a anleny ae ; 6 officers of a ploneer bat- Premier. M. Viviani continued: damsuet to Taay bay ereee Ne een: United States had panded. back into © Sets die gd ia that {t {e
a ance; George Nico) arnes, Sir] ta in ris of the nations alion at Hard resign ow “Could we m y po ; = al ength.
}, ¢tons are likely to be brought up 8000 | yfajcoim Delevingne and Mr. Butler, for coneernee. Premier Lioyd George in’ par- cata ete ~ risk & murderous war upon | niless soldiers are found in Paris.| reserve corps, furnishing a strong re It is now a fairly good force, how-

—
=

‘ for discussion, in the opinion of many

 

Great Britain; Emile Vandervelde and

ticular, realize the intense desire of the

the attitude of the cbuncil. On the day

the chance meeting of patrois? We de-

sired to proclaim high before the world

There are individual cases of delayed

serve of trained mén in this {important

branch, and with the overseas forces

ever, and promises to improve steadily

, , ayment due to a change in pay system :
\ \ ; M. Mehain, for Belgium; Mr. Gompers| people to settle down to norma) life with after the publication of the order 200 that if France were forced to fight ehe which took place durite hostilities. The] yet to be heard from. He sald 4,293| 824 soon will be worth me eee With,
‘ ee . and Edward N. Hurley, for the United] the armies disbanded as quickly as pos-| soldiers from the garrison at Allenstein would do eo for right and justice and] new pay system enables a soldier to] reserve or National Guard officers had, The men mostly ie Molsees tk ‘tain wand
re, WP oe ot i eek payer des Planches, for ie! sible. President Wilson also vente cas |Pataded the streets with a placard In-| not take advantage of any equivocation.| get pay from paymaster when money| applied for permanent commissions in ave cidaron almcipline gpl ivict ina
r SOCIETY OF NATIONS townki, for Poland, and weer ‘aaah ve iw nied avi aced betéek, ba porns te scribed “Down With Officers.” Officers ‘ne withdrawal was carried out) is due him. Generally speaking, the pay ea Fes uiae anys ' that of tnBoia German army; they are
‘ ofA 3 Histamine mn c ah ~ ‘ well even : 16a ie ver brief Were stopped in the streets at’ revolver | Without meeting any obstacle, elther| has been almost always correct. The Gen. March revived the question of mainly adventurous spirits or enthusi-
‘ SUBMITS A DRAFT Sraniewmae , meet e oak at vi America, ma the ee eee one cake | points and: their shoulder straps torn off. technical or military. No objection came; pay department has been sending of-| the treatment of troops at the embarka- asta eager to defend the fatherland.
\ He oresentad to her awe alae mith w It Is at oe ¢ the Halling pe One officer who reststed was stabbed from Gen. Joffre.” ficers to find casuals at our hospitals] tion camp at Brest, France, saying that Expert military opinion is that there
sitions for a farher” along with con-|of peace will.partake o fatally. . M. Viviani'’s speech was in reply to] and elsewhere with directions to pay | Major-Gen. William F. Glenn and Col.

ALSO OLE Oe BEER COREE CO eee. Fe

Provides. for Compulsory Ar-
’ bitration in All Disputes.

 

‘ By the Associated Press.
Paris, Feb. 1.—Leon Hourgéols, the
French delegate on the soviety of na-

renewal of the
armiatice this month, if present plans
are not deranged. Recognizing the need
for a return of the world to a normal
peace time basis, tho nations associated
aginst Gefmany are considering making
a@ start toward the actual peace treaty
by inserting some of the eiertentary

a provisional ag mt that will be
subject to revjaion by... organizations
which the, league ftself will plan and
establish. The methéd which the League
of Nations will adopt for the govern.
ment ofthe sejzed German colonies
will be:

‘irst: Its relation to the peoples of

Numerous fdstances of illegal actions
on the part the councils apart from
disobedience to the order of the War
Minister are reported. The Soldiers’
Council at Coburg issued a warning
against enlistment in the forces designed
to protect the eastern frontier. The

questions by Deputy Fernand Engerand,
who sharply criticized the abandonment
of the ten kilometer zone. He claimed
that it was a technical mistake he-
cause the mineral valley of Briey was
within range of the French guns and
had it been bombarded intensively for

men whose records are entirely lost.

“Full refutation of the charges made
regarding crimes and disorders in Paris
cannot be put too strongly before the
American public.”

REDS ADVANCING ON KIEV.

 

Palmer of the General Staff had just
returned to the United States by way
of that port. Col. Palmer inspected the
camp January 19. He reported that
while the climate was very bad and
|} the camp was muddy all tents he saw
|had been floored and thirty-five miles

 

fe the nucleus of a real fighting force
{n Germany's volunteers which is far
better than the old army.

The Germans have complied with the
milltary termts of the armistice {n al
Particulars possible and have delivered

} More than the full amounts required of

   

 

 

: ay ? Workmen's ¢ rf i jthree or four days the German iron ;of boardwalks had been built. Co].) @ll kinds of war material except trucks
, tlons, presented aN to A eet terms into.the conditions which wil be} the térritories will be that of a trustee. Praesta, “forvids the vermin ue ore deposits and factories would have ; | atnan said the food served at. the|@nd railroad material and they etill are
} Wilson, Premier Srcratas celandn the | Submitted to the German Armistice Com-| Second; administrative activfilty will | inteers for troope.” ‘The council of tne | been destroyed and Germany placed in| Tretaky at Kharkov Encouraging | camp was the best he had. ever seen | Short 300 heavy guns. Measures ara
; Lloyd Pistia eo tact So en formation | ™!Ssion on February 17. be unfettered locally but an international | Nineteenth army Corps at: Dresden as an ‘nferior position regarding minerals. Further Invasion of Ukraine. | served to enlisted men in a long ex-| being taken to get these.

Dar ine ‘. be ae at Gaon by the This decision is reflected also in the] agreement will be made ‘that certain {ended wialmilik ORae ? This, the deputy thought, would have oi: canvkoad : ‘perience in the army, and Gen. Glenn

iasaational eheantantian, embracing | C7*™mination now -under way to de-| fixed principles shall be applied to all] The council at ‘Arnswalde, Branden-| Drought about an end of the war in| -OUpmASA. Jan. 24 (delayed).—It t# re-| cone naa this statement. Pants, Feb. 1.—Czecho-Slovak troops

the American, of which Wiliiam Howard

termine what American troops it will be
necessary to leave in occupied territory.

these cases, The duty of the League
of Nationg will be to maintain watch-

burg, forcibly deposed the president of | #!* months.

ported that Leon Trotzaky, the Bolshevist
Minister of War and Marine, has arrived

The plain fact was, said Gen. March,

| were attacked by the Thirty-second and

‘ the civil district. Th > ye. | that unless the army continued to uge, Thirty-eighth Hungarian regiments on
i Taft is president; the British, of which! Tne pian is to get them all out as soon | ful oversight and to see that. the prin-}opponents of th @ activities of the; necided On in January, 1914, | 2 Kharkov and ts exhorting Bolshevist | prest for returning troops, the progre’s|Thursday at Balaxsa, forty-tive miles
; Viscount Grey ts president; the Italian, |; \¢ seems advisable and {t has been ciples actyally are applied, ~ raasinn eine amar ee find ex- ; regiments to a further—tnvasion of | o¢ demobilization would be greatly de-| north of Budapest, according to a Bud.:
©: French and other associations. thought’ th ; 1 ° x : i y other ways. In Former Premier Viviani repiled that} Ukraine. Despairing appeals for help!.... ani laren “Ke :
.M. Clemenceau previously had asked leslie etd Tan aioe St canoe: ne Tribunal to Be Set Up. corcnare. Berit, which {9 a Spartacan| the abandonment of the Briey valley | against the Bolshevists addressed to the ee Ae toliae Gan wae ia wea | uence There Twin Ateey hatice
«| M. Bourgeois to procure an agreement) emcials who have been closely studying : r shold, forged military orders to re-|in the event of war had been decided | Allies are reaching Odessa from Khar- | i : F Fi ae

British source, and that conclusion will
arrive much sooner than is gonerally ex-
he.
}

 

port to the

 

 

 

 

oer ; ‘ ry. f he barracks occupied by the
on the details among the advocates off che git } } Third: there will be set up tm Eu- colors are being sent to| upon by the genera! staff in January, | kov aety pound 1 “ ‘

Ge project. in all countries and. the|yrensruation Believe that the armistice | ONES Vacdy lke coust gf-appests Goucreds of men of military age, The| 1914. A withdrawal to a depth of #5| The Bolshevists are said to have oc- Wecasn-ee RUsIe-Glackinks Sia el ee Gn Ncne hots ene

; plan presented to-day was in response} eace treaty, just as they think a no- | Or a tribunal dgfore which gations or tare er “ formally declared these | kilometers was first considered, said M.] cupied Tcherntkov and to be advancing eturn to eir anka. he ce ea he hitter ie pene

t to this request. * ciety of nations might be developed out other respone|die _ bodies, “ e¢¥en. local fs-RO inbents rect, and that there) Viviant, who then read q telegram from | southward toward Kiev, where there is a The general officers from the regular! The arrangements for getting food

$ It provides for compulsory arbitration | 5¢ he deliberations of the Peace Con-| tribes, can’ bring’ complaints Bf alleged ‘The Radical conscripting anybody. | Gen. Joffre, dated July 30, reading as| panic reported. army who go back to their rank as|and clothing into Poland through Dan«

} » fn .all disputes without exception, the! ference. President Wilson {s known to | Violations of the rulés Inf down by the... etheit h cal Independent organ Die follows: eS ae | Colonel or Lieutenant-Colone! under the zig for the relief of the Polish popula-

4) Nmitation of armaments and a series of | |... examined this view and contem-| league. These rules are to be such as aa ¢ has accelerated its campaign “For diplomatic reasons it {s indis-| Explosion Kills Sixty Germans. demobilization order are Major-Gens.|tion are progressing satisfactorily | and

: } penalties against nations provoking wat, | plated its possibilities. will not run counter to the dictates of | against the Government. To-day, for|pensable that no incident occur at the Brvssers, Feb. 1-—Sixty Germa | Henry C. Hodges and John BE. McMahon, it is expected the first shipments will

end a detailed provision is made for the ere a ee, Se j humanity or the:principles of eaonomic ace ah it prints an order tesued by! frontier. No unit and no patro) shall prisoners, three French officers and one|and  Brig.-Gens. Wilber EF Wilder, | reach Danzig in a few days. Because o

EE lee poe Mae be DEL of COUNCILS GAINING CONTROL. ie ae: ehational agreement will be ue aslaltee oat nae i. Merk | ae Civiant piety i asi from | American was killed and many injured | Charles H. Barth, Joseph A. Gaston,/the shallow water to be encountered
alle tries givin uarantees 0 n e e St . y must use eir . 1 ‘ear 8 a fro ; . Geo 4) rr, } c ac Ay urthe . it te ‘shinment

i Bapat intentions are ‘admitted. The text |made probably to abolish forced labor| weapogs to protect citizens. Die Fret. Adolphe Messimy, Minister of War at| “hen & munition train exploded on the | Heorge W. Burr, Marcus 1). Cronin. John | further along the route, the shipments

{ of the provisicns follows:

ee ae

Se

1. To submit all disputes arising be-
.@ween themselves to methods of peace-
2 settiement, :
PSS 2. To prevent or suppress jointly by
“@le use of all means at their disposal
any attempt by any State to disturb
, the peace of the world by acts of war.
$. To establish an . international
wourt of Justice charged with the duty
of deciding all justiclable disputes and
to insure the exccutfon of its decisions
by all appropriate international sanc-
tions—diplomatic, juridic, economic,

will provide for the development of in-

» ternational law and take common ac-

wf ticn in matters of general concern.
38 2. The

representative council! will

 

 

 

Soldiers Resuming Their Strug-
‘ gle for Authority Over Staff.

By the Associated Preas

CoBLEN2, Feb. 1.—According to infor-
mation reaching American officials from
tyé unoccupied sections of Germany the
soldiera’ councils have succeeded re-
cently in resuming much of the author-
ity they exercised immediately after the
armistice, A struggle for authority is
now developing between the councils in
severai corps districts of Germany and
the army corps staffs, who are largely

piete contro] for the time-being of all
military affairs fn the corps district, and
the oouncil 's r@@elving meseages from
councils in other corps districts eup-

| for private profit and the league will see
that the rules made to-control the gale of
| drink to the natives are kept. “Land feg-
| ulations probably will be adopted whick
will make itg complete expropriation by
jthe natives fmpdssible and will secure
} thelr economic future. Sve

| The “open door" will be agreed upon,
| and if any duties are levied upon exports
which affect other powers it will be nec-
|esmary to obtain the consent .of the
| league of nations before they are im-
| posed. Negatively the league will not
| interfere with the administration of local
justice or with local taxation.

| rying out of

principles previously agreed
| upon, . -

 

 

heit wok no notice of the order when it| tat ume, as follows:

was issued, but prints it to-day under
the heading ‘The Mask Falls.”

aA meeting of the eafety police, a mill-
tary force created by former Police Chief
Fichhorn, which was held for the pur-
pose of attacking the Government.

Dodgers are belig distributed in Rer-
lin by the “Red Soldiers’ Union,” which
{s a Spartacan military organization,
calling on the proletariat to arm and
consolidate

The press is just beginrings to wake

Sessors of political power.
blatt says:
“It will

The Tage-

be harder to dethrone the
Soldiers and Workmen's Counct!s than

Tt ac-|

|

{

“In order to assure English collabora-
tion, is indispensable that

made upon them.”

On August. 2, Gen. Joffre, learning
that seventeen violations of the French
frontier had been committed  tele-
graphed to Premier Vivian! as follows:

“The interdiction against crossing the
line indicated ts Hfted, but for national

| reasons of diplomatic and moral order

it is Indispensable to leave to the Ger-
mans the entire responsibility for hos-

ij hin beyond.”

M. Viviani continued:
“Then war was declared. The Presi-

dent of the republic wrote a letter to

railroad between Aubange and Longwy | la Hayden, Willlam V. Judson, Thomas! from Amerfce are being

to-day. The accident was due to a sol-
dier dropping a shel}.

 

|#. Rees, Charles W. Kutz. Henry J

Hatch, John N

    

Hodges, Henry C. New-| fer to smallet steamships

unloaded it
Copenhagen and other points fer trans

    

Now for a Permanent Position—

0 , ilitary . y : t the seriousness of the situation. | titities S 1

and if necessary, military. supported by the War Ministry. | In short, the league of nations wit) | UP‘ u ne) tities, Consequently our troops will e
Fourthly—1. To establish an inter- The soldiers’ council of the Ninth |confine ite attention to. supernational | \°Twaerts deciares that democracy has| merely hold the enemy back and throw e

ational reprasentative.council, which |Corps of Altona, Prussia, ts in com- | oversight, limited, however, to-tha car-| 0 Place for these councils as the pos-| him upon the frontier without pursuing ne ta Ing

4 Yo watch over the freedom of nations and | porting its stand. } TO NAB FRYATT’S SENTENCER. |i: was to dethrone the princes and | King George, which was published win An opportunity Sor the JOung woman who threw the
" TE teat nee at Re oe | Se depen kings.” | the press at that time, but the reply weight of her hand and mind into the winning of the war
% éer _Hambarg Sailors Will Arrest T * :
} (8. Considering. itseit invested with [MISS WILSON HAS INFLUENZA. ‘wav, captaine Beside wantny and who is now looking fer permanent employment.
is the moral guardianship of uncivilized | 24 » if MAAFAys

“22°

(-ewwece

aoe ene

* races the representative counéll will
} secure the execution, and in case of
need promote, the gevelopment of tn-
+ @ernational covenan® necessary for the
| protection and progress of those races.

» Method ef Adjuditation.

+ ‘4 A permanent committee of con-
' -eflation shall take in hand all dif-
ferences between the associaied na-
Mions. The committee will act, in the
first instance, as éonciliator or media-
‘tor, and, {f necessary, it will refer the
differnces, according to their nature,
either to arbitration or to a court of
justice
ing ali such inquiries ae it considers
useful and will determine the neces-
gary limits of time and conditions. In
every and any State refusing to obey
either the award of the arbitrator or
the decision of the committee the ap-
Piication of appropriate sanctions will
be proposed to the representative coun-
ceil and the associated Governments
by the committee. These sanctions
shall be obligatory tn the case of vio-
lence or aggression,

Fifthly—To lfmit and supervise the
@rmaments of cach -nation and the
} manufacture of all material and mu-
+ mitions of war, having regard to the

requirements of the league.

Sixthly—-To renounce the making of

Secret treaties.

Seventhly-—To admit to the league on

the basis of equal right before the law
all peoples able and willing to give

‘

‘Closing Out Entire Stock of
Furs, Coats, Coatees
In All Desirable: Pelts
Great cea:
Reductions . ;

SCARFS
‘MUFFS
FURS

Suitable
. for
Southern
Wear Et Kj "
VISIT US IF INTERESTED IN FURS,
J' O: TEPPER»
, MP Furrter —°
X12 Meat Hoth 'St—Noar Sth Ave.

   

 

  

 

Kidd hd sdidiiiihissdisdiddldhiiid adden

Daughter of President Ill at U. 8,
Legation in Brussels.

Brvussri.s, Feb. 1.—-Miss Margaret
Wilson, daughter of President Wilson,
according to the Etoile Belge, is suf-
fering. from an attack of Infivenza.

She is confined to her room
American Legation

 

l semat Pot Carmen Back at Work.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.-—-In a supple.

montary order in the Kansas City Street |

tailway labor controversy the War Labor

It will be charged with mak- | Board to-day directed that the’ company
} restore striking eimployes to duty Mon-
{day at the higher wage scale Already

prescribed without awaiting the outcome
of an application for permisvion to in-
crease fares.

Lib bbb hd bbe

in the}

Baset, Feb. 1.—The arrest of Admiral!
Schroeder and Capts. Koester and Reg-
wr of the German navy has heen re-
quested by the Central Committee of
Satiors at Hamburg. The officers are
acoused, especioiHy Admiral Schroeder,
with being responsible for the execution
of two sailors, although they were con-
| versant with the general amnesty order.

Admiral Schroeder became notorious
When lie ordered ihe execuliviof Capt.
Charles Fryatt while he was command-
ing the German naval forces at Bruges.

Paris Money Market,

j
|

{ Parra, Feb, 1.—Prices on the Bourse
| were firm to-day. Three per cent. rentes

| Were quoted at 64 francs for cash, ex-
| change on London 26 francs 98 centimes,
| five per cent. loan 92 francs 20 centimes,
w'thant enunons

‘

  
 

EXHIBITIONS & SALES AT THE

ANDERSON

GALLERIES

PARK AVENUE & 59°" STREET, NEW YORK

To be sold Monday, Tuesday
February 10, 11, 13, 14, at 8:15

OF

FREDERIC

Royalty and Doctors.

G To be sold Monday, : Tuesd
February 3, 4, 5, at 2:30.

, Thursday and Friday evenings,

PART THIRTEEN (AND LAST)

THE

GREAT COLLECTION OF PRINTS

FORMED BY THE LATE

R. HALSEY

4 This catalogue comprises a fascinating varéety of prints, including En-
gravings in color, Line Engravings of the 17th, 18th, and 19th Centuries,
and portraits of Literary Celebrities, Musicians, Artists, Jurists,

Statesmen,

Many of Mr. Halsey’s favorite prints are now offered.

ay and Wednesday afternoons,

MANUSCRIPTS AND INSCRIBED BOOKS
; COLLECTED BY THE

LATE

JAMES CARLETON YOUNG

(PART TWO) \

4 Paul Verlaine, Robert Browning, Carmen Sylva, Robert W. Chambers,
D'Annunzio, Eugene Field, Maeterlinck, Joaquin Miller are represented.

“SALES CONDUCTED BY MR, FREDERICK, A;)C

hdd ibiiilbibddddiddddlaliiiiiin

 

2 ae ptr ehcn te awe bet

ELDOM

ss

446 Fifth Avenne

2 sn ee

French
companies ‘the order with comment on troops do not cross the general line de-
cided upon unless a regular attack ts

HAS
PRIVILEGE OF
NERS] EMPLOY SO EXQUISITE A
MATERIAL IN THE MAKING OF A BLOUSE.
ALL THE DELICACY AND CHARM
WHICH ONE LIKES TO ASSOCIATE
WITH THE FIGHTEENTH CENTURY
PORCELAIN SEEMS TO PRESENT ITSELF
IN THIS WONDERFULLY SOFT MATERIAL
AND ITS BEAUTIFUL PATTERNS,

THE MODELS ARE SIMPLY STYLED,
AND THE NEEDLEWORK OF THE
DAINTIEST FRENCH CHARACTER,

$8.95

AVEDON @ CO.

at Fortieth Street Madison Avenue

A Pleasant Place to Know About

 

IT BEEN
AVEDON

THE
TO

34 th Street at

cag A ene IN gid ct en a SI ci RR RR RR erg ne ae

e

1 Net as mer

HILE you have been engaged in turning out the
things that made fighting possible—while you have
been serving in any one of the thousands of Capacities
in which women contributed so largely to the winning of the
war—thousands of telephone operators, “Soldiers of The
Switchboard’’ they have been called, have likewise been en-
gaged in tasks that helped to bring about the Great Result.

But while your work\s finished, the réal work of the telephone
operator continues. Her position is as vitally important todav
as it was during the active days of warfare, and she will need

help in carrying

on her important duties du

period of reconstruction.

ring the coming

So to you bright, healthy, ambitious young women between

16 and 25, who appreciate the
the publicina big way, w

importance of serving
¢ offer employment as telephone op-

erators with good pay while you learn, increased pay at frequent
intervals after you learn, and a good desirable position always,

Telephone operating is an occupation in which the workers
are promoted to executive positiens and your advancement to

one of these positions therefore,

is only depe

willingness and ability,

We are interested in all young women who

necessary qualifications

ndent upon your

possess the

and we would be pleased to have

them call at any Application Office Sor particulars.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY

58 West Houston Street, Manhattan.
1454 Broadway, Manhattan,

109 West rasth Street, Manhattan,
81 Willoughby Street, Brooklyn.

Elewhere—TFust Call the Chief Operator,

EEF RKTT hey Parr

APPLICATION Orricgs:

1030 Gates Avenue,

5110 Fifth Avenue, Brooklyn,

Brooklyn.

453 East Tremont Avenue, The Bronz.
281 Washington Street, Newark,

t