FIVE ENGAGEMENTS
ANNOUNCED IN DAY

Miss Vera MeNair to Wed|
Daniel L. Hutchinson,
Former Ensign.

 

MISS) WERHAN ON

LIST |
Marriage of Mrs, Williams and
W. S. Kimball Takes Place
Saturday.

 

 

At a luncheon given at their home, 5
Tast Seventy-ninth street, yestemlay Mr.
cod Mra. Willlant MeNair announced the
s\gagement of their daughter, Miss Vera
‘toNair, to Reginaid L. Hutchinson of
this city. The guests at luncheon, fifty
» number, were debutantes of this year
ind last, intimate friends of Miss Me-j
Nair, who was introduced to society last
vinter. Miss MeNair t@ a granddaugh-
‘er of the late Isaac V. Brokaw and a
‘lece of Irving, Howard C. and George

Brokaw,

Mr. Hutchinson {ts a son of Daniel
‘ovett Hutchinson of Philadelphia, and
was graduated frém Yale in 1918. He
sa member of the Racquet Club of this,
‘ty, and of some of the prominent clubs |
Philadelphia. Mr. Hutchinson has
fuet been mustered out of the United
states Navy, where he served as ensign

tie Flying Corps. The wedding will
ake place during Faster week.

Mre. Goorge FE. HR Werhan of 2 Gram-
Park and South Nyack, N. Y..
nnouneed yesterday the engagement of
r daughter, Miss Marion B. Werhan, |
0 Rohert S. Wormser, son of Mrs. Mau-'
fro S. Wormser of 45 East a

 

ond street,

Announcement has heen made by Mr.
and Mrs Thomas Wright Phillips of Los
(Angeles, Cal, formerly of Chicago, of
*he engagement of thetr daughter, Miss
Angelita Phillips, to Frederic Jamea
Dennis, son of Mr. and Mrs. Warren E.
Dennis of the Hotel Gotham. Mr. Dennis,
who {@ now in Pasadena, Cal., was
graduated from Harvard !n 1912. He fs

member of the University Club. Mr.
and Mra. Dennis will leave next week

» join their son in California, where
they will remain for the romuinder of
he winter.

The engagement has been announced
o? Miss Gertrude M. Lacey. daughter of |
Mr. and Mra. Thomas Lacey of 35 East
Thirtieth street, to Howard A. Gray of}
thicago |

Announcement was made yesterday Dy |

DIED.

ABBOTT.~—William Henry, on Friday eve-/|
ning, January 31, 1919, aged 46 years,
of pneumonia, after a brief ilinese, at
the Lebanon Hoepita’ The Bronx, of
which he was the superintendent.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Puneral services at St. Ann's P. E.
Church, l¢ist street and St. Ann‘s
avenue, The Bronx, on Monday, Feb-

ruary 3, 1929, at 9:30 A, M. Interment
Saugerties, N. Y

BRAY —I.illian, on January 21 Services|
“THE FUNERAL CHURCH,” Broad-
way and Sixty-eixth street (Frank E.
Campbell's), Monday 9:30]
o'clock.

"ROMWELL.—-At sea. on January 19. 1919,
Gadye and Dorothea Cromwell. daugh- |
ters of the late Frederic and Esther
Husted Cromwell. ]

A memorial service will be held at St.
Rartholomew's Church on Wedneaday, |
February 5, at 4 o'clock.

DE RABIN.—Jean, on Fedruary 1. Lying
in state “THE FUNERAL CHURCH,”
Broadway and Sixty-eixth street (Frank
©. Campbel's). oh “

DOWNS. --Millard, on Janudry 30, Services!

THE FUNERAL CHURCH.” Broad- |
ray and Sixty-siath street (Frank LF. |
Campbells’), Sunday, 1:39 o'clock

GRISWOLD —Dr. Henry Griswold, beloved |

morning,

 

 

 

husband of Charlotte Burkhart Gris-/
wold, on Saturday, Fetruary 1919, 1
at his residence, 79 West Forty-cighth
etreet.

Funeral notice later.

RART.--At her home, 65 Hawthorne ave-

nue, East Orange, N. J on Fridas
January 71, 1918, Emily Adams, wife
of Percy G. Hart.

Puneral eervice and interment private.

WAY.—At Newark, N. J.. on Friday, Janu-}
ary 31, Ebenezer C
first year. i

Funeral services at his lato residence. |
989 Broad street, on Monday. February |
2, at 2 P.M. Relatives and frienda are!
invited to attend. Interment private. |

LABAU.--Franeis, beloved husband of
Julia Stanley, In hie sixtieth year, at
his residence, Tarrytown, N. Y., Satur-
jay morning, Feoruary i |

Funeral services 11 A. M. Tuesday. Feb-
ruary 4, in the Firet Reformed Dutch
Church, North Broadway, Tarrytown,
NS. Y. Train from Grand Central Ter-
minal leaves 9:40 A. M. Burial sar-
vices at Rahway Cemetery, St. Georges
avenyve. Rahway, N. J, at 3 o'clock |
Tuesday afternoon.

MeLEAN —-Clara A. wife of the late Harry
Cc. MeLean, formerly of Washington,
D. C., on February 1, 1919, at Bronx.
ville, N. Y.

Services and interment at Belair,
Monday morning, February 3
MILLER —February 1, 2919) Mary Matilda

Stitt, beloved wife of George Miller, at

Har, in his eighty |

 

 

M4,

her residence, 1 Weaet Eighty-first
street.

@ervices the “Funeral Church.’ Camp-
bell Bidg., Broadway and Sixty-aixth
street, Monday morning at 9:99. Inter-
ment at Athens, N. Y¥. Jersey City
papers please copy.

MURPHY.—At the Church of the Sacred
Heart, Mount Vernon, N. Y., on Wednes-
day morning, February 5, at 9 A. M., a
requiem mags will be said for the re-
pose of the soul of Lieut. J. Oliver
Murphy, U. & A., of Company L. 305th
Infantry, who wes killed in action in
the Argonne Forest November 1, 1919.
Trionds ara invited to attend.

rRYER.—On Saturday morning, February

of pneumonia, at his home, 12 Proe-

pect avenve, Larchmont, N. Y, Harold

Chardavoyne Pryer, Jr, only son of

Harold Chardavoyne and Nanette
Waddy Pryer, aged 7 years 7 dayn.

ral pri

   

 

CEMETERIES.

ae es OD

New CATHOLIC CEMETERY of

THE GATE OF HEAVEN
MT. PLEASANT, WESTCHESTER CO.
Harlem R.R. 6 miles No. of White Plaing
“ntranee to Cemetery at Mt. P ant Ste.

Receiving Vault, oord for il'a’t'd

CALVARY & A D CEMETERI

°4 East 52nd &t. Phone Plaza 9098,

Rev, William J. Stewart, M
“RELIGIONS ADVERTISEMENTS. _
——_—_— ——_——_——_— — — —_— — — — arrest

~

 

 

   
 
   
   

 

 

The Public Forum,

CHURCH OF THE ASCENSION, |
Fifth Avenue and Tenth Street
p Speaker: |
VACHEL LINDSAY

_ America’s Greatest Living Poet |

| Sunday, February 2, at.8 P. M.
The Public Is Invited.

___ INFORMATION WANTED,

WANTED by R. L. Gray Co,, 45 Liberty
&., N. ¥. City, the addters of Wm. Tho-
"an Foulker,
Wm. Thomas

goes under the name of

| Pittsburg, Pa; Miss Mildred McNeill of

| Newton

Mra. John Franklin Southmayd of 380
Union street, Brooklyn, of the engage-
ment of her daughter, Miss Katharine |
Brewster Southmayd, to Marcus Francle |
Hodges Hubbard. son of Mr, and Mra.)
ee Kk. Hubbard of Yorktown Heights, |

The marriage of Mra. Josephine Hotch- |
kiss Williams of this city and Rye, N. ¥.,
to William Eugene Kimbath, also of New
York, will take place Saturday ufternoon
in the chantry of St. Thomas's Church, |
and there will be present to witness the |

 

marriage none but relatives and a few

friends, Mis, Willianis is the widow of |
Waldron Wilians, Hey children are)
Mra. John T. Terry. Jr, Mrs, W. Ross |
Proctor, Jr, Miss Hope Williams and

Barent Willams. Mr. Kimball, who}
makes his home at the St. Regis, was,
&raduated fron’ Amherst. He ts a mem-|
ber of the Racquet, University, Piping |
Rock and other clubs ang has a country |
Dilace in Glen Cove, L. 1, known as |
Cedarcroft. Mr, Kimball and his bride
will leave directly after their marriage

for Palm Beach, to remain for six
weeks,

 

a ead '
{
of Borough Preat-
Will Become Mrs, Lynch. |

Miss Ethel Riegelmann, of Monreiasir, |
N. J., and niece of Borough President
Riegelmann of Brooklyn, will be mar-
ried in the St. George Hotel, Brooklyn, |
Wednesday | evening, to Charles E.
Lynch, Jr. ‘vice president and general |
manager of the Charles E. Lynch Man-

ufacturing Co. of Poughkeepsie. Miss |
Riegelmann is a lawyer and when sho |
|

Niece

Lawyer
dent

 

was admitted to the b@r in 1917 after
her graduation from the Naw York |
University Law School, was sald tu pe
the youngest woman practising in the
courts of this city

Announcement Miss Niegelmann’s |
engagement was made last \Mareh
Only members of the immediate families
Will he present at tie wedding Mr. |
Lynch's home is at 929 St. Mark's ave.
nue, Brooklyn. |

or

 

 

Crane—Richards. !
Miss Nancy Rf@iards, a daughter of |
Mr. and Mrs. George Richards, was |

married to Robert Crane, son of Mr.
and Mra, Munroe Crane of Dover Plains,
N. Y¥., yesterday afternoon at the home
of her parents, 399 Park avenue. The |
Rev. Dr. William P. Merrill of the Brick
Presbyterian Church performed the mar-
Yiage ceremony. The bride. who was
given away by her father, wore a gown
of soft white satin trimmed with old
point lace, and her tulle veil was held
with orange blossoms.

Mise Harriet M. Richards was her
sister's maid of honor, and the brides-
maids were Miss Isabel Jamison of

|
|
Brooklyn, and the Misses Sei ot |
Poote and Olive Burns of East Orange,
N. J. The maids of honor wore a cos: |
tume of draped blue chiffon and satin,
and the bridesmaids wore gowns of green
satin draped with rtavender chiffon.
Little Ixitty Vondermuhl served as
flower girl, and her brother, George Von-
dermuhl, as page. ohn N. Stone of |
Springfield, Mase.. was best man. The
ushéra were Brenton Pomeroy of Green-
wieh, Conn.: Phillp B. Brewster of
Flushing, L. I.; Beach Barrett of Bloom-

field. N. Y¥.; Donald Crane of Dover
Plains, N. J., and Clifford Merrifield of
this city. A reception followed

Fisher—Darlington.

Special Despatch to Tar Srv,

HARRtsBtUnG, Pa., Feb. 1.—Mise Mea-
nor Townsend Darlington, daughter of
Bishop and Mrs. James Henry Darling-
ton of this city, end Lieut. Joal Ellis
Fisher of New York were married here
at noon to-day. The ceremony was tn}
St. Stephen's Church, Rishop Darlington
officiating. :

The ushers were Jonathan Thompson,
Lieut. Charles P. Crane, Lieut, Jesse <A.

 

 

Boston, Feb, 1.--The engagement is |
announced of Miss Mathild> Spengler, |
of Rockford, Ill, to Prof. Paul Nixon
the Dean of Bowdoin Coliege at Bruns-
wick, Me. He was a lieutenant in the |
U. 8. Infantry.

Mr. and Mrs. J. Eugene Cochrane of
Dedham. announce to-day the engage-
ment of their daughter Miss Eugenie
Cochrra* io Horace 8S. @revens, son of
Mr. ana Mrs. Horace H. Stevens of
1911 Beacon street, Brookline

Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Johnson of
Randolph avenue, Milton, announce to.
day the engagement of their daughter
Miss Josephine Johnson to Wiliam
Barnum of New York city,
son of the late Mr. and Mra Wiliam
P. Barnum.

MISS KERLEY INTRODUCED.

Given at Home Fol-
lowed by Theatre Party.

» Mrs. Charles Gilmore Kerley
Teception yesterda:
home, 10 Eaat
introduce her daughter, Miss Barbara |
Kerley, Mra. Kerley and her daughter
Were assisted in receiving by Mrs |
Elliott D. Phillipe and the Misses Blos-
som Gray, Edith MeCoon, Madeleine
Reece, Josephine Flood, Katharine
Biggs, Sylvia Brown, Marian Carpenter,
Victorine Lee Kellogg. Betty Jackson,
Vera McNair, Helen La Fetra. Dorothy
Clepp and Lila Hotz. After the recep-
tlon there was a dinner for the receiv-

Reception

 

afternoon at her

Eighty -firet to}

gave a |
street,
|

 

 

 

 

ing party and afterward Mrs. Kerley
took her guests to see “Somebody's
Sweetheart’ at the Central Theatre
Supper end dancing in the Crystal
Room of the Ritz-Carlton followed the
theatre party

A number of young men were asked |
for the theatre and dancing Among }
them were Major Lawrence Anderson,

Captains Grant Burns and Henry Rau,
Lieuts, Robert Meilville Loring, Law-
rence Baldwin, Albert Vitoske and
Henry Arthur Hotchkias; Robert French
Archibold, Stuart Lyle, Henry Hiller,
Richard West, John Rogers, Hugh Wal-
lace, F:liiott D. Phillips, Darnwell Wal-
lace and Moree Lippincott.

Sues Frohman for Royalty.

Charles Frohmag Inc.,, is being sued
in the Supreme Court by Walter C. Jor-
dan, who seeks to recover 24y per cent.
of the gross receipts from November 4
to January 1 from the theatrical produc-
tion “The Honor of the Family.” Jor-
dan ie suing on an assignment of royalty
made by Paul M. Potter, and he alleges
that he believes the receipts during the
period were approximately $180,000. He
demands $4,500, less $247.49, which is
due the corporation from Potter.

!
'
!
|
}

 

 

Dinner for Stage Cop Reserves,

Col. B. ¥. Albee gave a dinner to the
theatrical police reserve regiment in
Keen's chop houge last night, with Police
Commissioner Enright, Special Deputy
Commissioner Wanainaker, Inspector
Dwyer and other officials present. Major
George Cohan made a speech. All the!
other officers responded to toasts, The
regiment has no privates among ity 359
members, all of whom, according to Col,
Albee, have done regular reserve duty,

 

j ight

{ partly to

   

   

 
 
 

MRS, ROOSEVELT JR..
TELLS OF WAR WORK

 

American Women Are Needed
More Than Ever in France,
She Says.

TO TROOPS SHOWN

HELP
Vassar Alumni Hear How

“Leave Areas" Solved
Army Problems.

 

“We need women more than aver to
work in France now," Mra Theodore
Roosevelt, Jr, told 500 Vassar alumne
at the annual luncheon of their organt-
zation at the Hotel Biitmere yesterday.

Interest in war work since the signing
of the armistice, but there is still a great
deal for them to do.

“We want girls over there who have
been brought up with brothers. I don't

mean a girl must have brothers of her
own, but she ought to know other girls’
brothers and be accustomed to their
Ways. And the women who go to France
should be adaptable; they should be able
to adapt themselves to hardship.
men of that kind are still much needed
in France

Slender and blend and girlish in her
biue Y. M. C. A. uniform, Mra
Toosevelt didn't look like one who had
done hard service among our army boys
for many months, but she stood up like
a little soldier herself and told quaint
stories of her experiences in a simple
and most captivating way. The army
authorities, she sald, were decidedly at
a loss to know what ‘to do with men on
leave. For the French and English it
Was ea'sy—their men could go home;
but our boys, go far from home and
most of them not speaking French, were
a problem to Gen. Pershing. He solved
it by asking the Y. M. C. A. to estab-
lish “leave areas.’

Work at “Leave Area.”

Mra. Roosevelt was at the “leave area”
at Aix les Bains, in the Department of
Savoie, near the Lake of Bourget. The
Y. M. C. A. was ordered to have a “leave
area’ ready in two weeks from the time
of notification, and did it by taking the
Casino—vedrooms, bar with marble
topped tables and all the rest. The day
It was opened a trainload of Yanks af
rived. .

“And every single one af them had a
grouch,” said Mrs. Roosevelt. ‘They
took one look at the place and they
named it ‘Aches and Pains,’ and wanted
to go back. You see they had been or-
dered out of the trenches at 3 o'clock
and told to take the train at 5, and
they were wet and muddy up to thelr
waists, and they didn't know where they
were being brought--and ther were
most awfully grouchy. Fifty of then:
told us right away that they had no
money, so arrangements were made to
take them back: but firat we showed
them around the hote] a bit. And wher
they'd finisned tae inspection all but
six of the fifty found they had money
to atay after all. At first the men paid
their own expenses on leave.

“The rooms weére very nice. One
doughboy came running down and told
us grinning: ‘Say. I'm in Queen Vic-
toria's apartment!’ Another told him:
‘You've got nothing on me—Iiam in the
King of Greece's suite."

 

 

ery careful to collect those tags when
the men left. :

“The toughest group of men we had
were Regulars from the artillery, and {t
was strange. but they didn't care about
vaudeville, and they loved to play chil-
dren's games, ‘ring around a rosy’ and
‘blind man’s buff,’ and so 9n. One game
popular with them was when we tied
something heavy, a pair of shoes gener-
ally, to a pole by a string and awung it
around the circle. The thing was to
keep from being hit."

Miss Ruth Crippen of Rochester, mem-
ber of the Vassar unit that went over
for war work, talked about her ex-
periences working in Mra. Edith Wh@r-
dispensary in Paris Sha added
n't sure whether women
to go over now, but that
undoubtedly the reconstruction of France
would proceed faster if Ameyicans had
a hand in it. “We are more efficient
than they are,” she said. “A French
woman said to me, ‘France will build my
village again. yes, Dut ff Americans stay
to do it it wil rished in two years,
where the French will take five!”

Other speakers were Dr. Henry Marc-
Cracken, president of Vaesar; Mra. Nina
Duryea, who urged great need of Amer-
icans to keep on working in and for
France, and complained that whereas in
1914 she saw many women knitting in
opera boxes now hardly anybody seemed
interested in relief work for the victims
of the war, and Mise Nancy C. McClel-
land. Only one individual at the guest
table did not make a speech. He was a
Relgian police dog, who sat wisely look-
ing on from under the table, hie head

ton's
tons

 

 

peeking out with an air that seemed to

say he could tell marvellous things if
oniv Mrs. Mary Charles Halsey, the
chairman, would call on him

The annual businéss maating preceded
the luncheon. Reports indicated a deficit,
dve partivy to the fire that destroyed a
wing of the main bullding lasg year,
tha shrinkage of the ddllar.
However, the Vassaritea took this cheer-
fully, explaining that a college without
a deficit would be as hard to find now
“as @ live tchth:osaurus.”

 

 

Crone—Glilbert,

Harry Crone, assistant

Waghingiey in this city yesterday. Mr

| Crone is @ graduate of Columbia Law
School an@ a member of the Bar Aségo-
After a short wedding trip the

elation.
couple will live in New York. »

 

 

Manufacturer Forced to Sell at Great
Loss.

14-Kt. Gold Filled

Case Guaranteed 10 years. Movemen
. Guaranteed. \

Regular Price $22.50,
; Sale
Puce DLO
Gold er Gold Trimmed Silk Bend
2s Desired

ELWELL-ROBINSON ASS’N

366 Sth Ave., bet. 34th & 35th See.
Room 716, fel. Grecley 1820.

‘
{ know women have rather lost their

Wo-!

Corporation
Counsel @uring the Gaynor administra-
tion, ma ied Miss Edith M. Gilbert. of

 

      
      
      
     
   
      
 

 

   
   

‘ri ‘sun, . FEE nee — 1919).
[Snow or nexmeare rowrness NEW YORK OFFERS
7 OPERAS IN A DAY

Braus Galleries,
The Braus Galleries have placed on|
view a collection of paintings by Ameri-
Among Them Is
“L'Oracolo” Which Has
Its Season Premiere.

 

 

 

cans with a view to arousing in upper
Broadway an interest in “intimate” pie-
tures, Not all the works of art on dis-
piay are sketches, but at least all are of |
! the kind that people who live with their
‘ collections-— that is, use them as home
ice orations- refer. As to the sketches, |
j there seems (oO be an increasing vogue |
E them in America, as it is felt that

 

 

eften the spectator approaches closer to
the artist's thought in them than in the
finished picture

The gamut of the seasons is rung by
the artists in (Mlese small canvases, that
range from spring to hot summer and
then to chilly winter. Hobart Nichols fs
represented by a winter scene and
Gustave Wiegand is another who has
sketched the snows of January. John W.

To whom would Paris have given the
golden apple of opera yesterday? Four

the arbiter of beauty
be little doubt in his nrind.
afternoon he would sit in the presence

day in summer and was fortunate
enough to see a nymph sitting in a tree
branch by the river. Edward ©. Vol-
kert submits a small and attractive cat-
tle piece, and William R. Derrick, Rich-
ard M. Kimball, Glibert Gaul and others |
rend attractive sketches. !

OLD TIME CHINESE

less study in the rhythme of expression
in "La Cog d'Or."
Also there was a performance of “The

 

' Seven operas in a day are a plenty. And

afternoon and “Fra Diavolo” at night.

Discussion of Massenet's “Thais” is
now fruitless,
to observe the degradation of a monk
and the exaltation of a courtesan, but aa

a vehicle for operatic impersonation the

 

Sang-de-Boeuf Bottle, Gem of
Moore Collection, Goes

opera is one of seductive lure. Miss] oq to Thee,” and Scott Welsh sang

| to Duveens. | Garden's Thais ts a unique creation, and) «toad Kindly Light.” The chapel was

j again yesterday tt exercised its wonted| ,enruaely decorated with flowers from

} we jspell overs un audience. Mr. Balslanoff.) tye Lamba. the National Vaudeviile

T tar : eee Who had sung on Thursday and Friday| artists, Mies Gardner, Jesse Lynch

_ The star piece in the big sale of Rutus 7 evenings, had still enough energy tO} Wijame, Mrs. Shelley Hull, John A
BE. Moore Oriental art, which has been! take a dramatic 4thanael, Mr, O'Sulll-

engaging the attention of enthusiasts al!
week at the American Art Association,
came up in yesterday afternoon's divi-
sion, and after george spirited bidding
achieved the top prite of the week, It
was a splendid sang-de-bewuf bottle, No.
1159 in the catalogue, and Duveen Bros.
acquired it for $10,500. The vase, which
dates from the K'ang-hsi period, has a
bulbous body and slender neck. and is
covered with a brilllant glaze that has
in it some of the admired “blood clots”
and alao a high light, a spot where the
Blaze has thinned a little to give an
added emphasis to its brilllancy.

There were many rare single color
specimens in the sale. For No. 1110, an
apple green cracker far, Otto Bernet,
agent. gave $3,000, and the same buyer
paid $825 tor No. 1147, a mirror black

hing whive vive WW. Seaman, agent, BRODIE L. DUKE DIES
paid $450 for No. 1108, a sang de beout | IN DURHAM, AGED 72

Jar; $500 for No, 1165, a cucumber green |
vase: $2,000 for No. 1182, a sang de! ——

boeuf vase, and $510 each for « sroup | Long in Tobacco Trade and

of five interesting powder blue vases, . :
numbered 1172 to 1176. | Married Four Times.

Miss R. H. Lorenz, a paid $580 |
for No, 1177, a mirror black bottle; $500 Special Despatch to Taw Sex
DrnvHam, N. C., Feb. 1.—Brodie L.

j\an waa the Nikias.

Leon!'s opera ‘"L'Oracolo” had its first
performance of the season. There were
some new members of the cast. Marie
Sundelius sang Ah-Yoe excellently and
Mr. Althouse was a competent Win-San-
Tuy. Put as heretofore the Impersona-
tions which chained attention were Mr.
Didur's Win-Shu and Mr. Scottl’s Chim
Fang. Mr. Didur was not at his beet
vocally, but his acting was admirable,
while Mr, Scotti's delineation of the vile
Chinaman was again a supreme achieve-
ment in dramatic composition and vocal
coloring

To complete this record of a day's do-
ings it may be added that Mary Fills re-
placed #lorence Easton in “Gianni Schic-
chi," and performed admirably.

ee eee

   
 

for No. 1178. a mirror black club shaped

j vase, and $500 for No, 1179. a second; Duke, son of the late Washington Duke,
j mirror black club shaped vase 1. Ables|and with him founder of the great
Save $800 for No. 1250, a famille verte; tobacco business which has centred here
ear shaped vase, and H. Da-veson paid

E and whose financial and marital @x-
| $1,050 for No. 1259, a famille verte! neriences kept him much tn the public
beaker, and $750 for No. 126

eye for many years, died at his home

 

 

. a large

club shaped vage here to-day. He was in his seventy-
The total for the afternoon was $61,-| Second year. Death was caused by a
| 239, making the grand total to date| teneral physical breakdown.

| $133,713.50. The sale will end on Mon-! Mr, Duke at one time was rated as

| aay afternoon. j the possessor of many milion dolars.
ase j At times during his career, however,
|

| BIG SALE OF NATIVE ART.

years he was understood to have re-

 

| N. E. Montross Collection Will Be | ae hg pa aetin ena mer st Be
Disposed Of on February 27. | possessor of a fortune of at least a
million dollars.

 

The history of the last few art sea-|

sons has taught that nothing wakes up

tacular and = attracted

 

 

   

 

 

lavtt, Lieut. John T. Rowland, N. Tay- re wo collectors to such an e2-! oi ention

lor Clark and Bliltott ©. B. Darlington . y% as does the persal of o collec- ite ae
Whi bride's attondante Sere MPS. Semmes Picnic for Soldiers jtion of works by, native artists. In Since 1910, Mr. Duke had lived here
Lenox Banke, Jr. Miss Gertrude Mall, | the first picnic arranged for the consequence there will be general inter. Wwietl ra MIR ZOUTU ESOT NO Aw oe
Miss Caramai Carroll and Mies Eliza- preparations were made for 59, \eet in the announcement from the Amer- 22th Dhin when he died, She was Miss
beth Thompson, all of New York. The}and 250 came, “We ‘Y° workers Went) ican Art Association that it wil sell goon | Landa Rochelle of this city. They were
bride was given away by her brother, | Without food at that picnic,” Mrs. Roose- the private collection of N. EF. Montroas, % arri era? Uy in Washing re several
Lieut, Gilbert S. B. Darlington of the | velt said Papen re oF b@) the well known dealer ele eae ere een uy ae —
nas ;verved first and kept bringing us ne.) Mr. Me thro. itu mate puivorca from nie t 1 wife, know 3
‘The honeymoon will be spent on the | but we told them: ‘Oh, we never eat at at eine waite Ha patronage diss Alice Webb iis marriage to Miss
Pacifi cant at 4 Li cit and Mrs i her | this time of the day" new men has Sean the kar ae f Webb, which took placa tn New York
et er os / esti a Voit kh sae eas gi Tena es ee , a dificulty at first » HAS va means of bring- city aftea courtship of only a few days,
wlll make their hore in New rk efty | Dances were a difficulty at first. for mee <hK fran —s ya i riship of only af ays,
th the marine ¥e “ |ehere would be 4.900 men and only abou! rate oes so tes ont io Are NOW was followed by a long series of court
| Re ee Ber ieee 20 or 30 girls. So we Suvented a svstem of | “ ne er esis as artiate Of great) proceeaings during which Mr. Duke was

| tage each man would wear » begeage, * eae ‘ pratd 4 aie ee aoe Srey sent to a sanitariuny near New York,

DEAN OF BOWDOIN TO WED. ptag in one of the eeven primary coiers see a ae * oe te repremented in the Mr, Duke's first wife was a Miss Mc-
rerannnrmnere jon his back. and flags in the different; ‘°* 7 ‘lon by examples of sterling Manncn, daughter of a_ Presbyterian
Miss Josephine Johnson Engaged | colors were flown in rotation, When the | quality. na a lergytnan of this city. She died more
: blue tlag waved tne blue tag men rushed| Among the listed artists may be men-| than twenty-five years ago. Mr. Duke's
to W. P. Barnum. | forward and claimed partners, and so} ‘i ned Arthur B Davies, by eight ex-? second wife, who divorced him, also sur-
Specia! Despateh to Tur Svs. lon through the rainbow. And we were|ampies: Thomas W. Dewing, three;| vives. She was Miss Minnie Woodward

1 Childe Hassam, eight: J. Francis Mur- sof

Pasadena, Cal, and was prominent
Dhy, six; A. P. Ryder, four; Dwight W.

socially on the Pacific coast

Tryon, twelve; Horatio Walker, five;; Mr. Duke was a half brother of Ben-
Blakelock, two; Elliott Daingerfleld,! jamin N. and James B. Duke, connected
two, and Bilashfield, George do Forest | with the American Tobacco Company
Brush, Harry Chase, W. M. Chage,/| end interested largely in public utilities
Bruce Crane, Charles Melville Dewey, | corporations.

Winslow Homer, Bolton Jones, W. TL. oreo esersenearerite

8215,030,000 Pension Bill Passed.
Feb,

 

Lathrop, Will H. Low, George W. May-

nard, Robert C. Minor, H. Siddons, Mow-/|  woasnrnaton, 1—The annual

bray, F. K. M. Rehn, R. M Shurtleff, | n. nsion Dill, carrying $215,030,000, was
Tohn FW. Twachtman, Elihu Vedder, passed to-day by the House and sent
| Worthington Whittredge and A. H.| tc the senate.

Wyant.

The first public view will take place
on Washington's Birthday {n the Amer-
{ean Art Galleries, Madison Square
South, and the pwhiic saie will be heid
in the grand ballroom of the Plaza
Hotel on the evening of February 27..

ART NOTES.

Modern paintings from the estate of
James Rector are on eXhibition in the
Old Gatieries, 15 East Fifty-ninth street
near Fifth avenue. beginning to-morrow,
together with decorative art objects,
Renaissance and modern furniture, sil-
ver and porcelains and also a spectal
collection of ancient and modern guns,
pistols and other weapons of historic

 

 

SILVER WEDDING AT LENOX.

Many Friends Congratulate Mr.

values. J. Beauclerc Clarke will sell all

and Mrs. Church. lof these objects at auction, beginning

Special Despatch to Taw Sis | Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock, the
LeNxox, Feb. 1.-~Mr. and Mrs John) sessions continuing daily until Satur.

H. Church gave a large reception at day inclusive.
their home last night tn observance of
their aiiver wedding. Among those who |
helped to receive were Mrs. John Dodge |
Peters, Mre. Delano de Windt, Mrs, |
Georgo Church and Mrs. Clark T. Dur-
ant.

Grenville IL. Winthrop and Misses
Kate and Emily Winthrop who spent
the week at Grey House in Lenox re-
tummed to New York to-day

For the week beginning February 10
Silo’s Fifth Avenue Art Galleries an-
nounces the exhibition and sale of the
art properties of the William Me - eely
estate of Phfladelphia, including Englieh,
| French and Italian furniture; art ob-
jets both decorative and useful. and a
great variety of textiles, including tapes.
tries and hangings

 

olo FIETEL AVENUE

IMPORTERS CREATORS
| i

NEW EVENING GOWNS
NEW EVENING WRAPS

For immediate delivery

COATS, WRAPS and
Greatly reduced

feoliedaiialinncin iranian

  

|
|

Leoni’s| Lambs and Other Theatrical

|

performances and eeven operas tempted | morning,

  
  

HOPPER BULOGIZES
NAT GOODWINS LIFE

 

People Pay Last Tribute
to Actor.

 

The Lambs and othera of the reer
cal fraternity paid tribute to Nat Good-
win, the comedian who died Friday

at services held yesterday I

Yet there could; the Campbeil Funera] Church, Broad-
In the, Way and Sixty-aixth street.

De Wolt |
Hopper pronounced a eulogy and the rit-

| wal was read by the Rev. Dr. Nathan

Tales of Hoffmann” at the Lexington | jurad by your name.
{Theatre in the evening and at the Met- | nomseesed.
ropolitan in the afternoon the dduntless | your way to do something for me or for
Puccini three faced overwhelming 0448. | any friend.

, \if all these were too serious for th6’ 4 goeries of blows that befell you, but
jarbiter he could sun his soul at thé@| you rallied and ‘came back.’ Your whole |
; Park Theatre in “The Mikado” in the! life wag such a wealth of nobility.
\

It is distasteful to some! comedy, your pathos, your altruism will

'
‘

j

}

|

|

 

| of Mary Garden as Thais at the Lexin&- | Seagia, pastor of St. Stephen's Protes-
Rentley has tried for the poetry of ma | Theatre, in the evening he would ‘ant Episcopal Church.

Miss Georgia

hasten to the Metropolitan to observe (Gardner, the fiancee of the comedian, sat! para to
Antonio Scotti's masterpiece of tragedy tear the coffin with two women friends] than a
in “L'Oracolo” and Rosina Galli's match-; and Mr, Goodwin's negro housekeeper.

“Nat, T came here to voice my love
and sorrow,” De Wolf Hopper sald. |
“What a wealth of significance is con-
What talents you
You would go so far out of

 

You occupied a pinnacie of |

success. For a time you weakened from

“Nat, your fle#h is gone from the
Lambs But the remembrance of your

live with us forever. We are grateful
for the lér@on you have taught us.”
The Lambs’ quartet sang “Nearer My

Hoagland, Georgge Appleton and many
others.

Among the large number of the-
atrical people and managers who at-
tended were Theodore Babcock, who
played for years with Mr. Goodwin;
George Cohan, King Baggot, Daniel
Frohman, Charles Dillingham, John
Golden, Edgar Selwyn, R. H. Burnside,
Joe Waber, Jack Hazard, Adoiph Link,
Charles DeWitt, Mr. and Mrs, Willlam
Collier, William Elliott, Frederick Court-
ney, W. H. Thompson, Pauline Hall,
Rose Coghlan, Mrs. Fred A. Goodwin,
Mra. J. W. Melville, Mra. Shelley Hull,
Mrs. William Hull, Helen Clarke, WIll-
fam Grovér and Charles Ford.

John J. McGraw and Thomas Gor-
man, representing the New York Press
Club, were algo present.

Funeral services will be held this
morning in Roxbury, Mass. the late
actor's home. Mr. Goodwin's aged
parents in Roxbury will attend them. |
Burial will be in Roxbury Cemetery. |
Misa Gardner accompanied the body to.
the Massachusetts town.

FRANCIS LA BAU.

Francis La Bau, 60, traffic assistant to
A. H. Smith, Regional Director of Rail-
roade for the Eastern division, died yes-
terday in his home in Tarrytown. He
had been largely in charge of directing
traffic of the North Atlantic ports since
June, 1918, and materially assisted in
clearing the congestion about this city
which threatened to block the flow of
supplies overseas, He was forced to go
to Florida several weeks ago to recover
from the exhaustion of this work, and
returned home ao week ago apparently
improved.

Mr. La Rau {is survived by his ee

he suffered financial reverses,’ Tn recent! and daughter, Miss Julia La Bau, who

has been prominent in Red Cross work.
Ho was born in Rahway, N. J., where

to be the! burial will fo§ow the funeral services

Tuesday in Tarrytown, Mr. La Bau en-

Some of. his stock mar-|tered the railway service in 1879 as a
ket traneactlons were unusually spec-| waybdill clerk in Philadelphia aad became
international |a general freight agent in 1891,

He was
made traffg manager of the New York
Central in 1917.

WILLIAM BAYTIS.

William Baylis, deseendant |
Long Isiand family and for ma 3
a member of the New York Stock
change, died yesterday in Nis home, 11!
Fast Sixty-sixth street, following an}
illness of about five months. He was 72
years old. His wife, Adelaide 1° Brooks
Baylis; a daughter, Adelaide B. Raylis,
and a son, William Baylis, Jr.. survive. |

Mr. Baylis was bom in Brooklyn, a!
son of Abraham Burtis RaYlis, who was]
a member of the New York Stock Ex-
change from 1841 to 1883 and its presi-|
dent in i882. His mother was Deborah |
MacDonald of Bedford, Weatchester
county, Educated at the Polytechnic
Institute of Brooklyn. h® was graduated
from Princeton University in 1868. Mr,

   
  

  

    

 

O// - «
inn CHS ano

COUNTRY

FOR NORTHERN

SMART NEW

od LUN
Aes aia
to

 

    

5TH AVE AT 46TH SH

TRANSPARENT EVENING HATS.
DINNER anp EVENING GOWNS
DANCE DRESSES ~ EVENING WRAPS
FANS . FURS ayp PARIS NOVELTIES

also-

~——---— SPORT EVENTS

Baylis hecame a member of the firm of

of the Stock Pxchange. Upon hie fa-
ther’s death he formed with his brother,
A. BK. Baylis, the firm of Baylis & Co.,
of which he was senior momber at the
time of his death,

 
     

'pleton, last night.

| Staten Island for #ixty-five years. Me
had held practicilly every office in
that borough, up to sheriff.

He organized the Ancient
United Workmén and eventually

Order of
be-

Mn Brown wae"?
his father, and in 1870 becamé a member born in Manhattan but had lived on

Mr. Baylis wae a director of the Can-|came Grand Foreman of the order in ™

ton Company 6f Baltimore and a trumtee
of the Gratuity Fund of the New York
Stock Exchange. He was a member of,

the Union, Metropolitan, University and ,

Princeton clubs, of the St. Nicholas So-
ciety and a vestryman of St. Matthew's
Chureh, Bedford. Recently he spent
much of his time on his farm near Bed+
ford.

Funeral services will be held Tuesday
morning at 10 o'clock in St. Thomas's
Chureh, Fifth avenue and Fifty-third
street.

WALLACE H. ROWE.

Pittsnura, Feb. 1.—-Wallace H. Rowe,
aged 58, president of the Pittsburg Stee!
Company, and one of the most prominent
steel manufacturers, died at his home
-day after an illness of more
year. For many years he was
Identified with the interests of John W.
Gates & Co, and the Consolidated Steel
and Wire Company of Ill{nola as genera)
manager, When the latter corporation
was merged with the American Steel and
Wire Company Mr. Rowe retained his
Position. In 1901, when a merger was
effected with the United States Stee!
Corporation, Mr. Rowe sold his interests
and founded the Pittsburg Steel Com-
Pany, with its main plant at Mones-
gen, Pa.

In 1914 under his direction the Pitts-
burg Steel Company acquired an ore
property on the Cuyuna Range, Min-
nésota, said to be one of the richest tn
the United States. Mr. Rowe was a
member of the Duquesne, Union an@
other clubs and of the Pitteburg Athletic
Assoelution, He is survived by his wife
and five children.

HERBERT B. ALLEN,

Funeral services will be held this
afternoon for Herbert B. Allen of 761
Harcock street, Brooklyn, superintend-
ent of the printing department of the
New York Evening Journal, who died on
Friday. Burial will be in Greenfield
Cemetery, Hempstead, L. I.

Mr. Allen was 67 years old. Many
years ago he was foreman of the prees
room of the San Francisco Celk He
came East and became superintendent
for the Boston Americon. Mr. Allen was
a member of the Royal League of St.
Louis, Typographical Union No. 6, Mae-
Sapequa Lodge, F. and A. M., Rockville
Centre, and Charter Oak Council, Royal
Arcanum. He is eurvived by his wife,
two daughters and a sister.

EDGAR LACY MORRISON.

Edgar Lacy Morrison, proprietor of the
Morrison Theatre at Rockaway Beach,
died in his home, 12A Verona place,
Brooklyn, yesterday at the age of 71.
He was the eon of Edgar L. and Mary
Field Morrison and a member of a
family that has lived tn Brooklyn more
than 109 years. He owned a number
of valuable properties on Long Island
and until recently had a summer home at
Lynbrook. He built the theatre at Rocl.
away Beach thirty years ago. He is

| survived by his wife, eix daughters and

four sons.

 

MRS. MARY M. S. MILLER.

Mrs, Mary Matilda Stitt Miller died of
Pehumonta yesterday fn her apartment in
the Hotel Beresford. 1 West Bighty-first
street. She was the daughter of the
late William J. Stitt, who dealt in coffea
in Chambers street for over fifty years.
She was born in Jersey City about
seventy years ago.

Mrs. Miller left a husband and one
daughter, Mrs. Allan F. Carver, Funeral
Services Will be held Monday at 9:86
A. M. In the Campbell Funeral Church.
Burial will be at Athens, N. Y.

MRS. CATHERINE L. YOURTR.

Mrs, Catherine Least Yourth, the
oMest inhabitant of Newark, died yes-

 

jterday in her home, 40 Duryee street.

that etty, in her 108th year. She had
heen for months hut had use of
all of her faculties until a
7 atively short time ago.

She was born in Switserland in 1814.
She came to this country at the age
of 84 and settled In Newark. Before
‘oming here she married Louts Yourth
nd for more than forty yeara they
conducted a candy store and newspaper
Bland at 241 Orange atreet

When her husband died twenty-five
years ago, Mrs. Yourth went to live with
her daughter, Mrs. William Bail, in Dur-
yee street.

 

 

BENJAMIN BROWN,
Benjamin Brown, 79
died at his home

   

           
     

in Sand street, &t

NEW YORK —

Nivects attention to
New FASHIONS

_FOR THE FUNCTIONS OF
THE FEBRUARY SOCIAL CALENDAR

Concert Hotel etesburaitt

Wed8ings

CLOTHES

AND SOUTHERN

 

SWEATERS

SEPARATE SKIRTS ~KNITTED SPORT
SUITS ~ CHINTZ awn ORGANDIB-
DRESSES ~ HANDMADE KNITTED
wp FABRIC COUNTRY
PARASOLS=-BATHING SUITS &@

Ne CO do. Cailerurg Oy aituants
prepared 4o develop
Soran

andiwiaual

HATS

CBahions :

orver

 

years of age. |

\New York State. At the outbreak of
the. civil war Mr. Brown organised
| the Fifth Ira Harris Cavalry and wae
its first forage master.

;. Mr. Brown was a widower, his wife
having dled several years ago, without
children.

CHARLES HECKMAN,

Charles Meckman, 67, of Bay Twen-
ty-fifth atreét, Bensonhurst, an {impor-
ter and merchant tailor of this city,
died Friday of pneumonia

Mr, Heckman, aS a young man was

a member of the old Amaranth Dramatic
Society, and appeared in many of its
productions. He played léading parts
‘with Edith Kingdon, now Mrs. George
Gould; Nellie Yale Nelson and Helen
Russell.

Mr. Heckman was born in Kennebunk-
port, Me. He started tn business for
(himself thirty-five years ago in 570
;Fifth avenue. He {s survived by
;Wife and three children. Funeral ser-
)Viees will be held this evening and
buriai will be in Yanctic Ceimetery, Nor-
(wich, Conn,

 

HIGHLY IMPORTANT |
UNRESTRICTED SALES

ene

NEW YORK. CITY

ON FREE VIEW
BEGINNING TO-MORROW
and continuing until the
date of gale

The Very Important Collection
of

Ancient Arms,

Formed by the Connoisseur

Mr. Theodore Offerman
To which has been added a number

important private collections.
THE WHOLE TO BE SOLD
On the Afternoons of Friday and
Saturday of This Week
February 7th and 8th, at 2:30 o’Clock

Note by Professor Bashford Dean, Wil
Dollar.

---~ALSO—

ON FREE VIEW
BEGINNING TO-MORROW

A Collection of
Old and Modern
Paintings
Of Extraordinary Importance

Trustees of Several Estates and for accou
of a number of Private Owners.

OLD MASTERS
Ravenstyn—Jan Steen--Van de Velde—De

ee

—Van Gelder—Van Loo—Tocque-—Nattier.
EARLY ENGLISH ARTISTS

Wheatley. ©
MODERN FOREIGN MASTERS

Dendy Sadler—-Vezboeckoven (3).

AMERICAN ARTISTS
Inness--Wyant--Homer Martin--Blakelock —
Blashfield (2) — Moran, T.
Boggs—-Wiggins—-Rogert — Eaton — Rohn —
Shurtlefi—Chase (2)--Ridgeway Knight (2).

THE COMBINED COLLECTIONS
TO BE SOLD

On Monday and Tuesday Evenings

Next, February 10th and 11th

IN THE GRAND BALL
ROOM OF THE PLAZA

|

| Fifth Ave., 58th to 59th St.

| (Admisston by card, to be had free. of the
Managers

*.*Mlustrated Catalogue Matled on Re-
ceipt of One Dollar.

 

To-morrow (Monday) Afternoon
j at 2:30 o’Clock

Concluding Session of The
Rufus E. Moore Collection

 

| ON FREE VIEW TO-MORROW
UNTIL DATE OF SALE

Illustrated Books

| and Caricatures

An Extensive and Notable
\ Collection of
| ORIGINAL ISSUES OF THE. WORKS
\OF THE. THREE CRUIKSHANKS,
| ROWLANDSON, GHLLRAY AND
| OTHER ARTISTS,

From tho Prtvate Library of

J. BARTON TOWNSEND, Eszq..

of Philadelphia

TO BF SOLD
BY ORDER OF THE OWSER

|
| On Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
|

of This Week,
At 3 and 8:15 o’Clock P. M.

 

ON FREE VIEW
Beginning Saturday, Feb'ry 8

|
| The Important Coll ection
{ Formed by the Late

James Franklin Bell
Major-General, U.S. A.

This collection includes Rare North
American Indian baskets and blan-
kets Philippine arms and weapons,
| hand-woven fabrics including the
‘but little known death blankets,
land other curious objects of per-
|sonal and historical interest col-
ilected by Major-General Bell while
|in the Far West and the Philippine
' Islands. ,

! 70 BE SOLD BY ORDER OF TRF.
| WIDOW OF MAJOR-GENERAL BELL.

On Friday, February 14th

| AT THE

AMERICAN ART GALLERIES
at 2:30 o'clock P. M.

| *Catalogue in preparation, copies of

*
| which will be mailed to applicants on Re
ceipt of Fifty Cents.

 

Ihe Sales Will Be Conducted b»
| MR. THOMAS FE. KIRBY
! and his assistants, of the

| AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION,
Managers, ‘
2, fand 6 East 23d St., Madison Sq. Seuth
a

2
7

Weapons and Armor:

Mailed to Applicants on Receipt of One .,

Vos—Coello—Campi-—Mierevelt—Van Geyen
—~Besch—Bel---Pulzone—Bronzino— Janssens

Daingerfield —

“fh

his 3~

A

of fine specimens from several other |

*.*Kllustrated Catalogue, with Prefa bx p

To be Sold by direction of Executors and | %

Murillo—Van Dyck (3)—Dirk Hals--Vam -

Revnelds--Raeburn—-Beechy-—Cotes—Dupont. ,
— Lely — Lawrence — Moreland — ,

Coret (2)—Daubigny—Diaz—Van Marcke (3) .
—Courbet—Harpignies (2)--Boudin—-Montt-
celli (7)—Israels—-Kever (2)—De Bock (4)--
Maris, W.— Henner— Vibert — Bouguereau >
Thaulow (2)—Bosboom — Grison — Jacquet—

 

  
  
 
   
       
     
       
     
   
   
   
       
       
     

 

 

 

~

f