bi
2

SS

a

Pee

16 eee

 

SIBONEY ARRIVES =|

 

WITH 8,336 TROOPS

|

45th Coast Artillery Retarns
Without Having Had |
Taste of War.

 

©. S. GOAL OF PRUSSIANS

Officers Want to Escape Ger-
man Taxes and Make
Money Here.

 

After enduring a distant and most |
tantalizing view of New York city for
about twelve hours, 3,336 officers and
men of the A. E. F. trotted down the!
gangplanks of the transport Siboney
yesterday morning and once more trod
the cobblestones—soil is scarce in Ho-
boken—of their native land.

The Siboney got into port too late on
Friday to come up the river to Hoboken,
Bo the men on board saw a whole lot of
thither Staten Island by moonlight—a

|
Whole lot more than they wanted to, ac-
e@ording to some candid soldiere.

On board the transport were the For-
ty-fifth Regiment of Coast Artillery, 50
Officers and 1,693 men; the 309th Am-
munition Train, 25 officers and 968 men;
Batteries C and D of the 339th Field |
Artillery and Casual Company No. 25

New York, made up of 110 men.

A Real Legion of Nations.

On one thing, at least, the men of the
Vorty-fifth and the men of the 309th
@re agreed—the war had no right to

iwver out that way before they had a

nee to see what it was like. The
Forty-fifth, which has Americans in it
from every State in the Union except
aware, and also Chinese, Japanese,
exican and Indian ecrappere, is sure
gomebody rubbed a rabbit's foot the
Wrong way and jinxed the war, for oth-
@rwise why should it peter out just
filneteen days after they landed in
France? And the 309th, consisting of
Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana and Mlinois
men, is sorer yet, for the 309th headed
for France tn plenty of time to get into
the flight. and landed in Sydney, Nova
Scotia, with influenza raging among the
men. Four companies were taken off
after thirty-eight men had died, and
eight more succumbed at Sydney. They
finally got to France, but too late to get
into action.

The commander of the Forty-fifth ts
Heut.-Col. J. T. H. O'’Rear, and with
fim was Major Robert H. Hazeltine,
who before joining the Forty-fifth was
@ National Guard officer connected with
the Eighth Coast Defence outfit of New
York city since 1913.

Prussians Want to Come Here.

The United States has to fear a whole-
@ale rush into this country of Prussian
officers after the war, according to Major
Monson Morris, another passenger, who
a his address as the Knickerbocker

. After seeing much fighting with
the 869th Infantry, which was the Fif-
teenth New York, the negro regiment
headed by Col. Hayward, Major Mbrris
had the dubious pleasure of commanding
a camp for captured German officers at
Richelieu, France.

“They are the most arrogant, im-
pudent, contemptible and meanest bunch
of men I've ever had the misfortune to
meet,” Major Morris said. “And al-
most every one of them was planning,
even then, when the war had not ended,
to dodge the heavy taxes which they
knew Germans must face at home and
come to this country to make money.
They kicked about everything they
could think of, and they were singularly
Sifted in thinking up things. The only
mame not too good for them is Prus-
sians.”” E

Major Morris said that the old Fir-
teenth was cited seven times for its
bravery in action, and that Col. Hay-|
ward had been recommended for the
Legion of Honor The negro troops}
fought for twenty-six weeks, most of |
the time in the Argonne, as a part of
the Fourth French Army Corps, an or-
anization hastily put together of!
French, American and British troops
when the Fifth British army broka

ee

 

“War Bread” for Prisoners.

Seven men formerly held in German
prison camps were pn board the vessel
One, F. E. Paul of Boston, Mass.,
brought with him to back up his story of |
wretched rations a plece of black bread
which he said had been found on analy-
Sis to consist of powdered bone, saw-
dust, barley and potato feelings.

Another relesred prisoner was Jacob
Yedinsky, a netvsboy who formerly dealt
out “wuxtries" at Fourth avenue and
Fourteenth street. Prisoners at Rastatt,
he eaid, had thelr wounds dressed once |
in two or three weeks, |

Others aboard were Henry A. Kapit, a}
former New York lawyer who fought;
with the Fifty-fourth Regiment; Private
James Williams of Company M, $57th |
Regiment, of 718 Malbone:street, Brook-
lyn, who was gagsed in the Argonne, and |
Private William Hanson of Company D,
318th Infantry, whose home is at 834
Hart street, Brooklyn, who was wounded
in the leg on September 29. !

Private Benjamin Mitchell of the 343d!
Field Artillery, who lives at 723 Tinton |
|

1

 

avenue, The Bronx, brought home with
him the Croix de Guerre awarded to|
him by Premier Clemenceau for discov-
ering a German Information post. While
on guard duty at Chateau Thierry a'
German crept up to him and bayonetted
him in the back of the neck. Unable!
to move his head, Mitchell fired his re- |
volver back over his shoulder and got
the German.

MEMORIAL FOR ARTILLERYMEN |

 

 

800 Members of Ninth Coast Corps |
to March to Old Trinity.
i

Almost 800 members of the Ninth Coast |
Artillery Corps, New York Guard, com- |
ffosed of New York business men who en- }
Wisted in the twelve provisional batteries
of the veteran-corps of the State for an
anti-aircraft defence service for New
York city, will attend a memorial ser-!
vice this afternoon for the men of the
Ninth Regiment who fell in the§service
br who died in the last year. The ser- |
Vices will etart at 3:30 o'clock in Old!
Trinity Church, lower Broadway. The|
Rey. William T. Manning, rector, wi)! |
deliver an adress.

Under the command of Col. George}
W. Burleigh the regiment will march |
from its armory at Fourteenth street, |
near Sixth avenue, down Fifth avenue}
and Broadway to Wall street. The men
will carry no arms.
have as members of his staff a number |
ef officers recently returned from for-
eign service who were formerly mem-
bers of the Ninth Coast Artillery Corps.

 

 

 

 

Regents Honor Red Cross Man. |

4 minute was adopted by the Board
of Regents of the State of New York at}

  
   

 

Troopships Due To-day

HENRY R. MALLORY | from
Bordeaux, January 20, with
1,755 officers and men, including
the 327th Field Artillery, one
casual company of Texans and
one of Ohioans, and 120 ill and
wounded, among whom are
twenty with mental disorders.

Battleship Connecticut from
Brest, January 20, with 955 of-
ficers and men of the 162d and
490th Aero Squadrons, air ser-
vice mechanics, detachment of
anti-aircraft men and casuals of
the Marine Corps and South
Carolina (colored), and Iowa
troops.

Celtic from Brest, January 25,
with 3,113 officers and men,
chiefly of the First Gas Regi-
ment, the 308th Sanitary Train,
six casual companies and 107 ill
and wounded officers and men,
arrived last night at Quarantine
and will dock this morning at
Pier 60, North River, about 9
o'clock,

Hampden from Bordeaux, Jan-
uary 7, with twenty-one officers
ane men bound for Camp Mer-
ritt.

 

 

  

 
   
 
  

 

HYLAN SEES ‘JOKER’
IN A UTILITIES BILL

Calls Fowlor’s Measure Plan
to Unload Car Lines on
City Taxpayers.

 

 

 

 

Mayor Hylan Sent a letter last night
to Senator George F. Thompson, chair-
man of the Public Service Committee of
the Senate, in which he denounced the
bill recently introduced by Senator
Fowler under which the munictpalities
of the State would be enabled to take
over and operate public utilities.

The Mayor said the dill was the “bold-
est attempt ever made by the public

utility corporations and high finance to
longer deprive the munictpalities of, the
privilege of taking over their lhe
utilities, or if they are allowed the prtv-
ilege of taking them over, to unload
upon the people of a municipality their
wornout equipment at an exorbitant
price.”

The hill would grant to the Public
Service Commission power to determine
whether a municipality might take over
its utilities and further to determine the
price to be paid for the franchises and
equipment.

“This proposed bill,” said the Mayor,
“delivers the people of the city of New
York and every other municipality of
the State through the Public Service Com-
mission into the hands of the scheming
financial exploiters of the people. The
Public Service Commission could fix such
an exorbitant price upon the equipment
and franchises held by the publte utility
corporations that it would be impossible
for the people of any municipality to
take over and successfully operate the
same. It would place such a financial
burden upon the people of a municipality
that taxes would be increased and the
people would be compelled to pay an
increased fare for transportation.

“The Public Service Commissioners in
many instances in the past have been
appointed to these positions through the
instrumentality of big interests who are
in league with the public utility cor-
porations.

If by chance these appointees were
not friends of the public utility corpora-
tlons before their appointment to the
Public Service Commission, for some
reason they hecome strong advocates of
the public utility corporations after thetr
appointment.

“The Public Service Commission in
New York city Instead of serving the
people who pay them their salaries have
served the interests. This fact was well
recognized by Gov. Smith, who no doubt
is familiar with the methods resorted
to by the Public Service Commission, and
who was so incensed at the Public Ser-

vice Commission for their neglect of
duty which resulted {in the Brighton
Beach Malbone street disaster that he
said if elected he would remove all

the members of the present commission.
It is needless for me to say that this
promise on the part of the Governor
to the people of the city of New York
gave him such a tremendous and over-
whelming vote tn this city that he! was
elected Governor.”

The Mayor also took another fling
at Travis H. Whitney, acting chairman
of the local commission, who, he said,
“seems to be more interested in helping

1e transit corporations finance their
transit lines than he has been {fn com-
pelling the transit corporations to com-
ply with orders of the commission to
run ai sufficient number of cars and
trains to accommodate the travelling
public.”

EDISON’S VOICE NOW
PHONOGRAPH RECORD

He Consents to Reproduction
for First Time.

Thomas A. Edison, who invented the

phonograph forty-two years ago, has for

the first time consented to have his own

| Voice recorded on a phonograph record.

The reproduction, which is on the back
of a record containing the national an-
thems of @ur Allies, was heard for the
first tlme in the Edison laboratory at
Orange, N. J., yesterday.

Mr. Edison will celebrate his seventy-
second birthday on February 11. The
talk, which is Mr. Edfeon's first comment
about the war since America entered the
fight, follows:

“Our boys made good In France. The

| word ‘Amerfean’ has a new meaning in

Europe. Our soldiers have made it mean
courage, generosity, self-restraint and
modesty. We are proud of the North

Amerteans who risked their lives for the
liberty of the world, but we must not
forget, and we must not permit dema-
goxues to belittle the part played by our
gallant Allies. Their casualty Msts tell
the story.

“However proud we may be of our
own achievements let us remember al-
ways that the war could not have been
won if the Belgians, British, French and
Italians had not fought like bulldogs in
the face of overwhelming odds. The
great war will live vividly in the minds
of
years. I hope that
ence to the memory

when we do rever-

 
   
 
    
    
    
      
 
   
     
   
        
 
     
        
      
   
    

 
   
 

    

   

{about what was going to happen over in!
: France when Major James A. Meissner, , cognizance yesterday of the fact that a

|

Americana for the next hundred| exercise his stiffened joints before he!

of our brave boys! seclusion of his hole.

'
'
|
!

   

< :

FLATBUSH JOYOUS

OVER ACE MEISSNER} BLAMES HYPNOTIST vicin

 

5,000 Join in Lionizing the! Youthful

Youthful Major for His
War Exploits.

PRIEST LEADS SPEAKINGICASE PUZZLED

 

Section Aflame With Lights,
While Bands Play and
People Cheer.

 

There wasn't a doubt in the wor

plane and lit out after the rman air- |
men. The German was gofhg to lose, |
because there wasn't a single thing up
in the clouds that Major Jimmy Meissner |
could not do, do well, do better, in fact,
than most any sort of filer the German
school of war could turn fn his direction.

But there fs one thing that even the
herote ace cannot do. It was demon-
strated clearly last night to Ace Jimmy's
neighbors, but apparently they didn’t
mind at all. Major James A. Meissner
cannot make a speech. Especially he
cannot make a speech when there are
4,000 shouting, cheering, clamoring Flat-
bushites all trying to crowd onto the
Meissner front porch at 45 Lenox road
to shake the flier's hand at the same
time. All that Major Meissner can do in
such circumstance is to bow, smile pro-
fusely and then announce that he
“guessed” he “believed” he “thought” he
“didn't do much anyhow.”

For Major Meissner got down to Flat-
bush about noon yesterday in the big
limousine sent over for him to the plier
where he landed the night before
from the steamship’ Adriatic, along
with a batch of other American fight.
ers just in from France, Somehow,
the block didn't look the same as it
did when Major Meissner—who had no
rank at all then—left-it a long time

ago to get into the serious business of
war.

Brooklyn's youthful ace, ne into his

 

Housewives Join in Welcome.

Flatbush housewives who before didn't
pay much more attention to the Meiss
rer youth than they did to any of the
other boys on the block were out braving
the rigors of Flatbush weather, while
they hung flags from their windows ani
porches and hedges, and strung streani-
ers of bunting wherever a bunting
streamer would hang. The whole block
was dotted with colored electric bulbs,
and for every revolution of the Iimou-
sinc wheels Major Meissner heard him-
self acclaimed a hero at least a hun-
dred times. All of which gave the very
first hint that Major Melssner, ace or
ro acc, was a mighty bashful youngster
of 22 years and eight Boche Miers to his
credit.

Carl A. Metesner, father of the Flat-
bush ace, who is a metallurgical engi-
neer for the United States Steel Cor
poration, ran out in his shirt sleeves to
give his favored son just the sort of
greeting that the young filer was walt-
ing to bestow upon his proud father.
Mra. Meissner’s greeting was equally
enthusiastic, and then Jimmy went In-
side to teil just how shooting down a
German flier {s accomplished.

It was not, however, until last night,
that Major Meissner realised the mean-
ing of the decorated block. Until then
he didn't know it was all for him. But
it was, and along about 8 o'clock two
bands of music marched into Lenox
road. Behind them came the full mem-
bership of all the civic associations of
which Flatbush can boast, and that is
approximately one fér each square
block.

At least 5.900 more persons tralied
clvic association folk and when they
were all nicely settled in straight rows
that stretched far down the block in both
directions the cheer leader gave a signal
and up went 4 big shout. It brought
Major Meissner and his family out to
the porch and then the formal job of
wecoming home the ace which Brooklyn
calls its own got under way.

Priest and Judge Speak.

There were speeches by Mar. John C
Woeds, pastor of the Catholic Church of
the Holy Cross, which is just a few
tlocks from the Meissner home; by
County Judwe Howard G. Nash and by
Henry Hesterberg, a Flatbush resident
who ts the Borough's Superintendent of
Highways.

Major Meissner stood blushing and
nervous in the background while all this
was going on and he toyed clumsily at
the end of nts uniform coat when he
heard the priest and the Judge and the
other speakers tell the 5,000 neighbors
just how much of a hero Flatbush had
produced. Then some one called for a
speech from the ace.

It couldn't be helped, and Major Meiss-
her was called upon to step forth and
tell the Flatbush folk just how he did it.
The two medals that Major Meissner
won by his bravery were conspicuous by
their inability to be seen. In fact, the
moet noticeable thing about Major Meiss-
ner was the blush that suffused his coun-
tenance as he tried to comply with the
demand for a speech.

He made several starts and then
wound up by aaserting that words failed
him, whereas his engine hadn't, and that
he juet went over to do the best he could}
and he guessed he believed he thought he
“didn't do much anyhow.” After which!
Flatbush cheered and the big party|
broke up and, still blushing, Maice |
Meissner retired inelde the big house
to tell his mother and his daddy for the!
thousandth time just what did happen!
when he met the German airmen.

GROUNDHOG DECIDES
ON WINTER TO-DAY

Forecasters Promise That He
Will See His Shadow.

'

 

 

Old Brer Groundhog ts due to stick |
his nose out of his winter quarters this/
morning to take a look at the weather.
He always does on Candlemas day, ac-
cording to tradition.

If the old fellow sees his shadow he
will duck back to his burrow as quick!
as he can and prepare for six weeks
more of winter. But if he finds the
sky overcast he will stay out with per-
fect assurance that winter is over,

The chances are that old Mr. Ground-
hog will get no more than a chance to

his shadow and retreats to the
The reason is that

s0es

who fell in France we shall not forget; Washington forecasts the weather in’

forms of our Allies.

“I believe that the national aire of

France, Great Britain, Italy and Bel-

Banner.’ "

German Staff Maps at Colambia.

Col. Burleigh will! their brothers in arms who wore the uni-| New York to-day will be fair and

warmer.
There is a tradition that a fair Can-
dliemas day portends a severe spring.

; sium should for ail time to come be as. In Scotland thea notion {s expressed in
| famillar to us as our own ‘Star Spangled! the following:

“Tf Candlemas Is fair and clear,
There'll be twa winters in the vear.”

 

| who came with

pe

“THE SUN, SUNDAY,

UP T0 DATE ‘TRILBY’ Boy ACCIDENTALLY

 

Actress Recovers
From Spell and Wins Free-
dom in Court.

 

 

DOCTORS

 

Girl Fails to Remember Hav-
ing Tried to Pass Bad
$150 Check.

 

The Court of General Sessions through
Judge Thomas C. T. Crain took official

girl could commit a crime and afterward
acknowledge it, and yet be utterly
blameless because she had been under
hypnotic tnfluence at the time. This
legal recognition of such a possibility,

one of the first of its kind in this State,
was brought about through a case of
double identity that rivals the novel of
“Trilby.”

Norma McLeod, 21 years old and at-
tractive, like the heroine of George du
Maurier's tale, has been accustomed to
appear before the footlights for a living,
since she ran away from home six years
ago.

Who or where ‘her parents were
seemed almost as much a mystery to her
as the manner in which, though honest
enough in her ordinary character, she
had been led to become a criminal when
mesmerized. She had been brought up
with guardians at St, Paul, Minn. In
1912 she suddenly developed a spirit of
independence which led her to revolt
against her humdrum surroundings, and
she left home overnight.

Eaters Alleged Villain,

The life that appealed the most to
her plastic imagination was that of an
actress, so she joined a theatrical com-
pany. But the road was hard and
engagements were trregular. Her
Powers of resistance were at a suitably
low ebb last summer when she met @
man who promised a good career for
her on the stage. He was a hypnotist.
playing in vaudeville, and he offered
her an engagement as his partner in an
act that, he said, was a “headliner.”

She was to be the subject, but though
she knew she would put herself under
this man's will he seemed agreeable and
trustworthy, and the work seemed easy
after her years of struggle. So the
girl agreed, and after a few rehearsals
the hypnotist was able to send her
into a trance easily and the act went
on tour. She yielded her mind to
him so readily that he was able to
put her into an automatio condition
for days at a time.

Suddenly after going into a trance
in a theatrical rooming house, at 244
West Forty-elghth street, with serene
confidence, she woke a few days
ago to find herself in the Tombs, being
examined by a lunacy commission, after
having been charged with forgery by
Louls Missi, the boarding house keeper.

Con@ition Proves Puzzling.

Dr. Frank A. McGuire, the Tombs
physician, told her that at the time of
her arrest in November she appeared to
be dazed, so Dr. McGuire gave her the
customary medical treatment for the
drug habit, but she failed to become co-
herent under it, nor did she recall any-
thing about the bad $150 check she tried
to pass

Greatly puzszied, Dr. McGuire placed
her under observation. He noted that
her demeanor had many peculiarities
that suggested insanity, but at the same
time differed from such mental! states
because there seemed to be no temporary
spells of lucidity and clear conscious-
nessa

So the physician called her case to the
attention of Judge Crain and District
Attorney Bwann. A lunacy commission
was appointed, and the most they could
make out of her case was that the young
woman seemed to have a strange and
rare mental affliction. It was suggested
that she might have amnesia, because
she exhibited no concern about herself,
the prison or how she got there.

The alienista. who had never met be-
fore with a person mesmerized into com-
mitting misdeeds, did not imagine the
possibility of hypnotism, and were about
to give her up, baffled.

Mind Does a ‘‘Right About Face."

Then abruptly, and as if her mind
had done a “right about face" of its
own volition, this modern Trilby came
out of her coma and asked where she
waa

Then ehe told of the hypnotic spells,
repeating again and again that she had
not known what sho was doing when
she offered the false check. She thought
she might have been led to do similar
things of which she had no recollection
while in other trances.

‘Her story was so unusual that, be-
sides Dr. McGuire, Dan Kimball and
Mrs. Kate Sprague were set to work
investigating ‘t, while two attorneys,
William Embree and Louis Fabricant,
were called in to look into the facts
and prepare a case for her. Their in-
quiries substantiated her assertions.

On the strength of thetr report Judge
Crain yesterday freed her from prison,
at the same time issuing a bench war-
rant for the arrest of the man who, she
said, had put her in the condition in|
which she presented the bad check

—

STEERAGE RUSH TO ITALY.

Giuseppe Verdi Leaves With 2,100 |
Passengers. |

The Giuseppe Verdi of the Italian}

line sailed last night from Pier Bi

|

 

near the foot of York street, Jersey
City, with as many steerage passengers
as she could carry.

The vessel had been announced to
eail in the afternoon. Hudson and
York streets near the pier were jammed
all afternoon with trucks loaded with
trunks and baggage of the cabin pas- |
Seigers, Md one big waiting truck was!
piled high with mail bags. }

Lieut. Charles Graf and a dozen
policemen and detectives from the City
Hall station had hard work in keeping |

passageway through the crowd for:
the cabin passengers and their freight. |
The police estimated that 3,900 Italians,
their transportation |
tickets were told they would have to.
wait for the next ship. The cabin pas-
sengers were mosmly men on business
trips.

The steerage passengers came from all |
parts of the country and were sald to!
be returning to their native land to
stay. They expected to find plenty of
work, They were almost all middle
aged or elderly men. The number of
passengers carried was about 2,100

 

To Explain Training of Blind.

How blinded American goldiers are
being trained for self-support wil] be}
explained by Lieut.-Col, James E. |
Bordley, director of the Red Cross In-)

their meeting January 30 recognizing A collection of some of tha most ace Clothes for Soldiers Sought, stitute for the J3lind, at Baltimore, in!
the presence at the meeting of Regent | curate man in the world has just been The War Department, through Dr, F,! an tfllustrated address at a meeting in
Tames iyrne, A 0 since December, 217 received bx Columbia University from’ K. Keppel, Third Assistant Secretary of|the Century Theatre at & o'clock on|
ea eee eee with the American | the Swiss Gover " The gift was) War, is considering the appeal made| Tuesday evening. Sir Arthur Pearson |
ee al rved am deputy com-| made rough Han Sulzer, Minister from| py Brooklyn clergymen and four minute; will give an account of the rehnbilita-|
peesioner and lemal adviser with the | Switzerland at Washington. In the Balad as to sanction the plan for raising; tion of the English blind. Reserved
gene of Major On his trip to Kurope | lection is a set of German General) a fund large enough to buy civilfan) seats may be had at the Red Rees
r ; ereA carried greetings of the Uni- | Staff maps consisting of 6£0 sheets, only! elothes for every discharged soldier,| Institute for Crippled and Disabled |
versity of the State of New York to ed-|a few of which have been seen in the| The plan !s to place the money {n the| Men, Fourth avenue at Twenty-third;
ucational authorities abroad. United States before hands of the Red Cross for distribution, street. i
rq!
i
_ ~ “~~ > Rr ee er ih cuprates precinct a nape per — owes _ rasp TR Sra ne see

 

Tian

mere s5T or
(oes

{fam

;and Capt. Jean Richard of the French
' “stork

" 7 Tan rn " a

FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

a

&

 

ELAS Hs MOTHER OO RACK GLATHS

ugene L. Thompson.

 

 

Mrs. Maud Webb Thompson, 34, was Judge Mayer Authorizes Garri-
aocidentally shot and killed just after
; son to Borrow $3,000,000

midnight this morning by her son, Will-
Powers Thompson, 12, in their for Pressing Needs.

apartment at 610 West 116th street.

Mrs. Thompson was the wife of Major

Eugene Leslie Thompson, now in France|(CAR SERVICE
with the Seventy-sixth Division.

Mrs. Thompson attended a theatre last
night and left her son alone in the apart-
ment. She returned a few minutes be-
fore midnight and found him reading a
book, “Heroes of Aviation.” While his
mother was away, the boy told Capt.
Gargan of the West 125th street station,
he placed in his pocket an automatic
revolver, which he loaded. The boy said
he was careful when he placed the re-
volver in his coat pocket to see that the
safety clutch was set so that the weapon
could not be exploded,

When his mother returned to the
apartment, the boy said, he greeted her,
and as she sat down at the table where
he was reading he took the revolver from
his pocket, intending to place it on the
table. As he drew the weapon from hie
pocket there was a report and his mother
dropped dead.

The bullet entered just below her
heart. The only explanation the boy
could offer for the accident was that the
safety clutch was unlocked by catching
on his coat. He was taken to the sta-| Mayer refused this request. He said
tion for questioning. No charge had(that {n cases where adjustments cannot

been Maced against him up to 2 o'clock | be reached at hearings before the ape-
this morning.

$5,000 PLUM HERE
CAUSES G. 0. P. RUS

Many Out for Commissioner of
Elections, With Chilvers

IMPROVES

 

Receiver Orders Guards Em-
ployed to Handle Crowds
During Rush Hours.

 

Federal Judge Juliue M. Mayer ap-
Pointed former Judge E. Henry Lacombe
yesterday as special master in chancery
to pass upon claims against the Brook-
lyn Rapid Transit Company and subsid-
jaries that are in possesion of Lindley
M. Garrison as receiver. Ina seupplemen-
tal order the court fixed March 15 as the
date on which all claims must be tn.

John J. O'Leary, counsel for a num-
ber of the claimants who seek to re-
cover damages growing out of the Mal-
bone street tunnel wreck, asked that the
claims be passed upon by a jury. =

cial master he would permit trials be-
i juries.

An order was signed autborizing the
receiver to borrow $3,000,000 with which

 

to meet the pressing obligations of his
companies. No action was taken on the
petition of the receiver to be permitted
to borrow over $16,000,000 on receiver's
certificates,

Can Negotiate With Bankers,

Another order gave leave to the re-
ceiver to negotiate with bankers who
have loans of over $3,000,000 to the corn-
pany outstanding. The receiver will pay

 

interest as it comes due and arrange to
in Lead. pay the principal, the lenders to hold
a thelr collateral from sale in the mean-

time. This order was agreed upon after
What is generally considered by poli-|a number of lawyers representing varl-
ticlans as one of the most delectable} °US banks had discussed it. They ob-

> jected to an order restraining their cli-
morsels of patronage in New York city ents from putting B. R. T. collateral for
is at the disposition of the Republican] joans in the market without giving no-
organization in Manhattan. And, need-| tice of their intention to the receiver,
less to say, with Democrats in control

but were in agreement that evil or the
1 selling of the
in the nation, State and city, ontside would follow the wholesale # <
of some of the elective State officials,

company’s securities.

The receiver said he would not pay
there are many good organization men| interest and then have the collateral sold
who are yearning for this place fn an
intense way.

in the open market.
The matter, as finally ordered, leaves

The job {s that of Commissioner of} the question of loans and thetr collateral
Elections to represent the Republican between the receivers
organization. It pays only 85,000 a
year, but is virtually a life job and
does not necessitate a man's giving up
all his tizne to it.

The Board of Ilections {s bi-partisan,
consisting of two Democrats and two
Republicans. The Republican organ-
izations in Manhattan and Kings each
select a man and the Democratic organ-
ization {n each borough selects one.
Ostensibly the election is in the hands
of the Board of Aldermen, but the Board
has never falled to take the recom- }
mendation of the committees. Although|Tesard to both physical and mental!
the term ts for two years it has been| Qualifications for the dificult job of
the practice for a long time to keep|>andiing the crowds at points of con-
the same man tn office and usually the | sestion. ,
only changes have been due to death.| ,The men will receive a special course

The present vacancy is caused by the| training. They will be taught to
death of Moses M. McKee, who had! handle hurrying passengers with courtesy
served since 1911, when he was ap- | and Intelligence and boisterous rowdies
pointed to succeed Charles Page. Mr, | With cool headed efficiency.
McKee was the leader of the Twenty- Figures were given yesterday to show
first Assembly district, and John T. Mo- that the street car service picked up
Neill, for many years the first lieuten- mpeeny uring January. Ths he slpagal
ant of Mr. McKee in the management of EOUnG Cripal Of mere apes
the district and who within a short time oreesed iy ly A eee cree
will be chosen formally to succeed him The improvement oF fue a oeetoat a
in that capacity, rather belleves that this Ader Cond One: on HOvamoss eee
should entitle him to become Commis- the RUIDAnY, BAS SED ener nen fer 3s
sioner of Elections. Mr. McNeill han| 72728ce, cars.
been for twenty years a deputy in the
State Excise Department.

John S. Shea, former Sheriff and one

to adjustments

eancel or affirm contracts with the city
and Public Service Commission within
six months from January 15, 1919.

The receiver requested J. J. Dempsey,
traffic manager of the companies in the
receivership, to advertise {!n cars for
men of more than the usual height and
strength to act as platform men to
handle rush hour crowds. Former eol-
diers will receive preference in the selec-
tion of men who will be exam!ned with

On November, 31 there
were 2,259 motormen available and the
number has increased until now there
{s a shortage of only 190. The figures
for conductors show similar progression

time leader of the Fourteenth district,
ould Ke t i 3
would like the appointment. But it has Asks Public's Cooperation.
been considered quite generally that the
ofce was one that should go to an ace Receiver Garrison ts dasirous of the

tive district leader, as it {s frankly a | cooperation of the public tn his admin-
political place. Leaders who are active; stration, Speaking yesterday at a
candidates say that Mr. Shea in getting | ncheon of the Brooklyn Chamber of
the fat fees of the Sheriffs office for; Commerce, held In {ts rooms at 32 Court

one term has as much as hawas entitled} Street, Mr. Garrison asked that the
to for many years, members, as representatives of the pub-
Among the most active candidates are |H!¢ appoint a committee whose duty it
Collin H. Woodward, leader of the,it sliall be to give to him suggestions
Twenty-third Assembly district, and, for the operation of the Brookiyn rail-
Herman W. Beyer, leader of the south ; ¥4¥8 and to ascertain the public's opin.
end of the Fifth. Mr. Woodward wag/!0nS_on the subject
Tax Commissioner in the Mitchel ad-| “This is a public service company,”

j; said Mr. Garrison,
excuse for

“and It really has no

ministration gnd now holds a place in
ms {ts existence if it

one of the State departments. Joseph :
Levenson, coleader of the First, also has | S€T’ . 4 SAO ee eee 5
his eye on the plum. An a e m presen °
Members of the executive committee, public that this company {s called upon
who, after all, will settle the matter, al- pdf “i i ; SLAB ey ae ber Ine |
a h - - _ 1 't Sts we are er ste uS are
though we Counts oma Lies Us | entitled to protectian, but the very hest
finally ratify the selection, are strongiy Be Rarahagn hoe :
incilned toward William Chilvers, leader | Protection that they can get is to have

does not

the

 

and the creditors,
Another order permits the receiver to
|

 

 

of the Fifteenth district, who was per- their service run with the public vate
sonal counsel for Gov. Whitman for] !Sfed with to :

some time. He is not an active candi- 1.) I na ae 39 Ventre to ask this
date, however. hTe county committes ink yard thal ato a Sa ee Ze
will formally name the man on Febru- sag Sahanal benka. var sere) anda
ary 20. re Bonar & ! ing to ask

whether you can form among your
membership a committee whose duty it

 

 

MANY WAR WORKERS shall be, either from its own members

or thelr related citizens, themselves to

SAIL FOR FRANCE study ail of the problems that relate

is the publie aspect of this matter, to |

. ae receive, invite and provoke eriticism |

500 Polish Soldiers Among jo! experiences, show where ‘chanses

, should be made and sift these out sa

Rochambeau’s Passengers. mato fndlitha worth and ‘wallaite 27

—---——-—- those criticisms and. then bring them

Although the war is over, military |tq me and I will either put the remedy

passengers and war workers continue In| into effect, or convince you as common
the preponderance among the passen-

sense men that under the cir umstances
it cannot be done

gers leaving New York, as the mee
list of the French liner Rochambeau,
whicn left yesterday, demonstrated.

On board were 500 Polish soldiers un-

Wants Road to Serve Public.

“Tam not sufficiently acquainted with
local

 

 

 

, ; : : your layout over here to kno
der Lieut. Stanislas Cackowski, who will whether there are boards of oem i.
, ' ‘ae ro - P - . : : . te ' ,
recelve f irther training in France and different parts of your community to co-
later join 38,000 who have been sent operate with you. It seems to me that {f

| abroad from the United States. Y, you were to get a small working com-

(.. A. canteen workers and nine recon-| mittee there is no need for a large
Struction workers sent over by the S0- | committee because only a faa wan _
i ew ake a oe s :
cie ty of Friends also were passengers tall the work-—-that will make the layout
Some °00 Quakers already are engaged and the chart, and then get into contact
in reconstruction work in the devastated | with the entire area that is served Rana
regions. , 1 . ali )

4 2 ; and have the matter centralized here so
C apt. Ferdinand Becheljer, a French that I will have to deal with only one

j ace who has been in this country for] poy : and then all of us strive to see

the last six months as an instructor, : :

whether or not we can make this road
serve this public in exactly the way that
it ought to be served, .
“You cannot carry 60,000 people fn
an hour, as we have been doing, without

squadron,’ who has been at-
tached to the French Mission at Wash-
ington, sailed. Capt. Beckelier, who has
the Legion of Honor, the Croix de

. Some people having to stand up. T
Guerre with five citations, the Russian. everybody wanta te’ wet toraal ts a uae
Cross of St. George and other medals, } at asiata dere. oh, 5

| at a given time some r
said that if ‘ e are going to be

the war had continued the
United States would have led the world
in fliers Young Americans make splen-
did fiers, he declared

The Rochambeau carried 420 cabin
and 111 steerage passengers, besides the
“00 Poles. The French liner Chicago
also left yesterday, carrying 400 cabin
and 1,200 steerage passengers, many of
whom were returning to find out what
had happened to relatives during the
war,

| uncomfortable

“You can never get in any kind of}
touch with people who are unreasonable, |
but I don't believe that the citizens of
Brooklyn, any more than the citizens of
any other part of the United States, are
unreasonable.

“I really beileve we all of us, tn the
main, are fair minded, and that when
we know a set of facts and get the
proper light om those facts I think that |
the verdict of a Brooklyn jury will bet

 

eae ee a entirely satisfactory to everybody and
Hob Capt, Harrigan'’s Home, I am sure it will be to me.” ;
While Capt. William DP. Harrigan, aoe = - |
207th Infantry, was speaking at the Runaway Taxt Fells Woman, |:
j Sphinx Club dinner at the Waldorf Fri Mrs. Claire Unwin, 41, writer, was}
day night his apartment at 44 West ! struck at Amsterdam avenue and 119th |
Forty-sixth street was entered and PrOp- lstreet vesterday by a taxi whir h nia
erty valued at $1,200 taken, including a been left at the curb and was blown ba {

sum of money, two furs belonging to his the wind down the
wife, pleces of jewelry and the suitcases at that point. After hitting Mrs. Unwin
of two brother officers who were visiting the driverless car veered onto the curb

him. and smashed a window in a restaurant, 4

incline of the street

5 PRELATES IN U. S.
PROMOTED BY POPE

Successor to Cardinal Far-
ley Is Not Chosen Yet.

Though five promotions in the Catholic
hierarchy of America were announced
yesterday by cable from Rome, no word
came from the Vatican In regard to the
appointment of an arcnpishop to succeed
the late Cardinal Farley.

The chief promotion made by the Pope
was that of Monsignor Austin Dowling,
Bishop of Des Moines, to be Metropoli-
tan of the diocese of St. Paul, in succes-

sion to the late Archbishop John Ireland.
Bishop Dowling has been head of the
Des Moines dioceses since 1912. He was
for seven years before that pastor of the
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in
Providence, R. I. Bishop Dowling re-
ceived his education in Manhattan Col-
lege and later at St. John's Ecclesiasti-
cal Seminary at Brighton, Mass. He
was ordained in June, 1891, after which
he epent eeveral years in the Catholic
University, Washington.

The Rev. Edmund F. Gibbons of Buf-
falo was chosen to succesd the late Mon-
signor Thomas F. Cusack, Bishop of
Albany. He has been rector of St.
Teresa's Church tn Buffalo for three
years and was superintendent of the
parochial schools of the diocese of Buf-
falo. He is 45 years old and was edu-
cated for the priesthood at the American
College in Rome.

The Rev, William Turner, professor in
the Catholic University in Washington,
was appointed Bishop of Buffalo.

The Right Rev. Edward D. Kelly, for
many years auxiliary bishop of the De-
troit diocese, has been made Bishop of
Grand Rapids, Mich., diocese, succeed.
ing Bishop Gallagher.

The Rey. Willlam A. Hickey, pastor of
St. John’s Church in Clinton, Mass., was
promoted to Coadjutor Bishop of Provi-
dence, R. I. He is a native of Wor-
cester, Mass. He was graduated from
Holy Croes in 1890 and Was educated
for the priesthood in France.

NEW RULE ABOUT DISCHARGES,

Pershing to Pass on Applications
for Men in Europe.

The War Department notified Adjt.
Gen. Gilkyson of New Jersey yesterday
that Gen. Pershing will pass personally
on applications for the immediate return
of soldiers in the Expeditionary Force
who are needed at home. He was in-
formed that only in exceptional cases
should such application be made.

Soldiers who entered the service after
April 1, 1917, are qualified to apply for
immediate discharge upon representation
that there is sickness or other distress
in their families. Officers and men un-
der this ruling may be discharged in
Europe if they waive allowances for
travel pay. Relatives should write di-
rect to Gen. Pershing.

 

 

 

P, S. 40 Alumni Dine Heroes.

Arrangements are being made by the
alumni of Public School 40, now known
as the George W. Wingate Schopl, to an-
tertain at dinner 350 former pupils who
served with the Twenty-seventh Division.
Bight graduates were Killed in action
and twenty-two wounded. The senior
alumni of the school, those graduated
before 1895, will hold their ninth annual
dinner in the Savoy, February 10.

 

ENTERTAINMENTS FOR
IN UNIFORM.

MEN

Morning.
Sundsy Morning Breakfa (Complimen-
tary)—Greenwich Home Service Club, 129
West Thirteenth street, between Sixth and |
Seventh avenuss, pancackes and coffes, 9-
10 A.M Socia! hour, 10 to 11 A. M
giate Church, Fifth avenue
and Twenty-ninth street, 9 A. M., coffee,
Pancakes, musfc
Siehtaseing Trip in New York,

 

  

 

Marble ol!

 

Cents—-

  

From Headquarters Unit No 55 West
Twenty-saventh street, buses start 10:30
A. M., Includes Battery, Bowery, China-

town, Grant's Tomb and 100 other goints
of interest; running time two and a half
hours, Tickets on sale at W.C. CS. Unit
No, 5, Sunday, 9 to 10:15 A. M. (25 cents
each).

Afternoon.

Home Dinners--Grace Church Unit
Cc, C. & Untt No. 19), 98 F
12 to 3 P.M. (25 cents)

W. C. oC. S& Unit No. & &ixty-fourth
street and Central Park West, 1 P. M. (40

cw
urth avenue,

. BSL Wear
cents)
ldter and Sailors’

2 FP. M.-—-Given by New
Community Service at
House. Weat Thirty-fourth street. between
Fighth and Ninth avenues Best profes.
Sional talent volunteers for thi: show

Country Waik, 2:30 FP. M.. Supper, 7
P, M.; Music, § P. M.—-Central YY. WC. A.,
f10 Lexington avenue, Haat
etreet \

Entertainment—W, CC. S. Ur
10 Manhattan street, tntersection Amster-
Vere RyaILUe and West®1l26th atreet, 2 to 10
Pp

End avent

  

1 to

 

Vaudeville Show,
York War Camp
Manhattan Opera

 

 

 

Sunday Entertainment, Tea, Dancing—
Comrade Club «(W. C. GC, 8 Untt No. 37)
188 peas Thirty-seventh street, 3:39 to 6

a a

“Feeding Six Milliee People.” Address
by Dr. J, ©. Day, Commipsionear of Mar-
kets, 4 P. M Sunday Tea and Social

6:15 PP. M —Twenty-third
Branch, Y. M. C. A,,
third street
“Home Day''--Vacation Association Club
CW. C. C, 8 Unit No, 54), 388 West Thirty-
ninth street Tea served 4to6P OM
Open House, Afternoon Tea, “afeteria—

Street

West Twenty-

216

 

   

we ek A. Debarkation Hostess House,
Forty-first street and Lexington avenue
Men in uniform and women relatives and

friends w

Dance—Central Jewish Institute, 125
East Eighty-fifth street, 2:30 P. M. Light
refreshments

“At Home’; Muete, Orchestral or Band;
Tea Served by Hostesses—Riverside Com-
munity House (W. C C. 8 Untt No. 25),
Riversida Park and Ninety-seventh street,
4to 6 Pp. M,

Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Taa—Weet End
venue Presbyterian Church (W. Cc. Cc. 8
Unit No. 41), 165 West 105th street, 5:45
P.M

“Sing” and
ored Men { 1
Service and R
188th street, %:80

Nen's Assembly

 

Interesting Speaker (for Co!
Uniform)—Y, W. C. A. War
pation Centra, 127 West

 

 

R. M.

Lecture and Musical
Programme, 4 P. M Buffet Supper, 6
P.M. («Complimentary to Man tn Uniform)
—East Side Y. M. Cc. A., Lexington avenue
at Eighty-aixth street

Prening.
Light Refreshments—-Scotcn tea room, 21

 

 
 
 
   
   

  

 

East Forty-seventh street, 7 to 11 P.M.

Sunday Sing--Weet Side Y. M. C. A., 318
Weat Fifty-seventh street, 7 P.M

Supper (Compitmentary), Sing, Addrese
-—Fifth Avenue Baptist Church, & West
Forty-aixth street, 6:30 P.M

Supper (Complimentary) and foctal
Hour Nicholas Service Club (W. Cc. C
S. Unit No, 25), 1 West Forty-eighth street
(corner Fifth avenue), 6 P.M

: Night Supper (Thirty-ve Cents)

Instrumental a anak A

hostess house, af t “second etreet,
6P. M. Home ga

Supper (Compu Madison Ave
nue M. EF, Chureh son avenue and
Sixtteth atreet, 6 to 7.15 P.M

Home Supper (Thirty-five Centsi—W. C,
Cc. 8, Unit No. 8, Sixty-fourth street and
Central Park Weet, 6 P. M Men tn ynt
form may bring their wives sweethearta
and best giris
Song Service, Supper (Compiimentary)—
Church of the Divine Paternity parish
house, 4 West Seventy-sixth street, 5 }'
Suprer (Compilmentary), Singing, So
Hour—Cen ! Chureh Diseiples of Ch
142 Weet I hty-first atreet, 6:40 PM }
mpiimentary? and
rmead Church of Har}
avenue and 12 eat, hto TPM
Informal Ent 1 Sto 6 FP. M
Supper (Comp Mo a tea fF Swe
Chureh,

 
  

   
 
 

  

Entertainment---W ‘ ( s |
nit No 4 (National League for Woman's |
Service). 261 Madison avenue, (Thirty. !
ninth etreet), § FP M {
Army and Navy Evening Sarvice- |
Church, Fifth avenue at ‘Thirtv-seventh |
street, 7:80 P. M. Rest known men of th
nation will epeak, notable eolista wiii sing
For programme inquire at any W C.¢

Brick
h

   

information booth or W. C. © 8. unit

Sunday Entertainment-Chureh of the
Holy Faith, 166th etreet and Trinity ave. |
nue. Supper, 7 oP. M.; cammunits
inging. 7 to Short service, ¢
owed bs 9

Two Show Sus
Stage W 7

For theat a Ww
anit

Hoy ‘ s+ 6m =
Chureh t} ‘ Fitty-thi
street, 8 1) M

Dance---Kxiucationa! AWiance. 197 East
Hiroadway iat Jefferson stree ¢éa-31 &
NM. “Victory dance,"

bran

|ADMITS INFLUENZA
SERUM IS USELESS

U. S. Laboratory Director Says
No Cure for Baffling Dis-
ease Is Known,

DEATHS HERE NOW 12,190

Mortality in Boston in One
Week Reached 154 in
Every 1,000.

 

 

 

Considering that the insurance com-
panies of the United States lost about
$10,000,000 during the three months
last year when the influenza epidemic
Was at its height, it was but natural tha:
when the Association of Life Insurance
Medical Directors met in annual conven-
tion in Newark last week the physicians
and public health authorities should con-
cern themselves almost exclusively to
the search for some preventive measure
which would preclude another outbreak
of the plague.

And yet, although !t was shown that
about 6,000,000 peaple in the world per-
ished from it, 400,000 of whom were
Americans, all the medical experta ad-
mitted that the disease was completely
bafiling. Said Dr. G. W. McCoy, direc-
tor of the hygienic laboratory of the
Public Health Service tn Washington:

“There is no serum that I know of
which is of the slightest value in pre-
venting influenza, nor is there any serum
that is of any use whatever in the treat-
ment of the disease.” He made thin
statement after carefully experimenting
with serums and vaccines in all parts o*
the country where the disease had
broken out, and particularly in Pelham
Bay and the army camps where the mor
tality was great.

Agreeing with him, Dr. Frederick L.
Hoffman, vice-president of the Pruden-
tial Ineurance Company, said: ‘The
epidemic from a life insurance point of
view requires to be made the subject
of a thorough and prolonged scientifie
investigation. If such epidemics car
neither be successfully anticipated nor
successfully prevented after serious out-
breake have occurred the solution of the
problem would seem to lie in the direo-
tion of exacting research into the larger
subject of non-tuberculosis respiratory
diseases, their causation and gpread
from person to person from the simple
‘common cold’ to the most eerious form
of infectious influenza."

The number of deaths in New York
city, he said, was 12,190. In one week

in Boston the epidemic reached the
maximum mortality of 154 in every
thousand.

DRILL LAW IGNORED
BY 230,000 BOYS

Only 70,000 Undergoing Mili-
tary Training, Reconstruc-
tion Committee Learns.

 

 

The manner in which an Industria!
census of boys 15, 17 and 18 years of
age is to be made and the military
training law were discussed before Gov
Smith's reconstruction committee, Dr
Felix Adler chairman, fn the Board of
Edneation Building yesterday.

Frederick F. Moran of the bureau of
vocational training said that tn the cen
Sus «oon to be taken full information
will be obtained to permit occupationa!
analysis of trades and industries em-
Ploying boys, with a view to alding
trades unions, employers and echool ay-
thorities In making trade agreements
under which apprentices may attend part
time continuation school sessions and
work the balance of the day. 5

“We aim to assist the boy to become
highly skilled in his chosen trade or oc
cupation,” Mr. Moran sald, “provide:
that his choice is an occupation tha’
will be useful to the State.”

It was stated that of 300,000 boye now
subject to military tratning under the
State law only 70,000 are attending
The commission is having difficulty {:
enforcing the law in the case of hoys
who are not in school and have to dr:'
after business hours. It has been de
cided to exempt boys from training w!
are working and attending night schoo’:
apprentices in accredited tndustrias, bo:
engaged in farm work and members 0’
New York Guard or home defence orga
izations.

The members of the education cor
mittee present were Dr, Adler, Georg
Foster Peabody, Mra. Ella Hastings
John G. Agar and Mre, Lewis Stuvve
sant Chanler. Another meeting wi! |<
held next Thursday

 

ARMENIAN SUFFERING TOLD

Turks Have Turned Randits,
Jndson Says.

Dr

Dr. Harry Pratt Judson, president o°
Chicago University, told the Committe
for Relief in the Near East at a luncheor
in the Bankers Club yesterday that e
much suffering extfsts in Armenia az
Syria that a new government should he
immediately formed to take the place +
injustice and tyranny which have been th:
predominant feature of Turkish rule ove
that part of the world. He had just r+
turned from Persia

With the war over and Turkish armie:
broken up the Turk soldiers have turne
robbers and bandits and anarchy rules
he said.

The committee announced New York's
contributions total almost $1,000.06
Charles V. Viceroy, secretary of the com
mittee, recelved word that Secretar;
War Raker has promised to cable Pr
dent Wilson for authority to use an ar
transport to take supplies and re
workers to the Holy Land.

Babies’ Pictures tn “Buses.

Such a fine lot of babies were
covered among the progeny of emplorees
of the FYfth Avenue Coach Compar
in the contest recently held under th+
auspices of the National Baby Yaa
Committee that pletures of some of them

are to be placed tn the company *
buses to-morrow, So far as possihs
the picture {n each bus wt!l be tha
of the child of the driver or cond

of that venhicie Two hundred

were entered In the contesi and ely

of them got cash prizes

 

ADVERTISEMENT.

 
  
 
 
    
     
 

THE RESNATI OVERCOAT
“CHIC,” $32.

Purely a young man’s

imported material, close fitting
deep vent, corded seams
quarter silk lined medi:

weight, just righ for the mont!.s
ahead, &82

     
         
 
    

      

You can secure f vo K
correct style in your clothes at
reasonable prices My :
have a custom “touch” a pass
for tatlor- rade 1 inak ‘
and sell direct to vou. @ saving
of from$i to $7. GN.VINGH
024-426 6th Ave eur Gist

 

 

 

 

f