DITRICHSTEIN
and
JANE GREY
im
° TNE MARQUIS

 
 
   
   
     
   
   
   
       
    
   
   
 

By LAWRENCE REAMER. |
T is really darkest before the dawn. Who has not felt during the
| dreariest nights of the theatre year that somewhere, somehow re-
lief was in sight? Now like a sudden streak of sunshine the news
flashes across the clouded heavens, The undying hope of the faithful
has been rewarded. Salvation with healing in its wings already hovers
over the American theatre. The most pessimistic Drama Leaguer feels
an awakened interest in his crusade. With the approaching resurrection
of nature, with beauty preparing to bloom through the rather snowless
but according to the calendar undeniably winter earth comes also the
awakening of art from its long disheartening slumber.

The magic words have rechoed through the long corridors of art
booming out their glorious message. Jacques Copeau and Percy Mackaye
have joined hands im the service of the American drama. In this simole |
fact lies ali the eloquence of pages of proclamation. These two mijchty
spirits will be one in their labors on behalf of our theatre. No words |
need be added to describe the simple grandeur of this vision.

All the same, there will be a certain curiosity to see how much is
left of the American theatre when they get through with it.

 

 

The aspect of the drama in wartime England, as it has been revealed |
in the examples imported to our own stage, has been in a measure com-
forting. Whatever one may say of the British article, our own is vastly
better. The criticism of this country has, however, been mild in com-
parison with the expression of discouragement and surprise heard in
England. Men of letters have been seeking everywhere some way in
which the situation may be improved. Arnold Bennett's new thectre is!
described elsewhere. The familiarity of its founder’s expressions of
optimism do not in the least affect the desire to see the scheme crowned
with success,

/

 

It micht be safe, however, to risk* table
the opinion In advance that its event
will be no more than a literary thea-

It remains to be seen whether
the check to the healthy movement!
of the past twenty years is temporary

tre, for which there will, however, be or permanent. I hope for the best. |
Ceep gratitude. Mr. Bennett his often “Shakespeare proved his vitality dur- |
expressed his contempt for the teach- |

ing the war by asserting his sway over |

ings of the mandarins as to the quall- thousands at the ‘Old Vi .* $n

spite!

  

 

fieations of a playwright. The €0- of all manner of depressing conditions,
celled technic which they hold up as Ag goon as the political horizon light.
an obsta hefore the eyes of all

ened he blossomed forth at the Court:
in shis gayest and most gracious as-
pect. |

‘rom all this it may be gathered |
that IT am no pessimist. Those who
declare that ‘the drama is going to
thé dogs,’ merely because the bulk of !
the productions at any given moment |
are trivial and even vulgar are the
victims of a shallow illusion The

writers is In his opinion no more thin
a bugaboo not in the least to be feared
in reality the author with any-
thing interesting to say. Mr. Bennett
as a playwright has not yet proved
this theory, but he has come near it.

hy

 

y

 

Now William Archer has been called!
fn as a spectalist. Te tas pounded}

 

CLIFTON
WEBB,
GERTRUDE
VANDERBILT
and
ADA MAE WEEKS
in
"LISTEN LESTER",

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

ro)

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the German theatre was as supreme as
the German armies, we possessed noth
ing—absolutely nothing—thet we could
send forth to hold our end up against
him, An incredibly {ll advised move
Yn the direction of ‘dramatic propa-
gande’ ended in a squalid extrava-
ganga in the law courts.”

 

and pummelied the patient, lMstened to! truth is that the bulk of the public, at °
sturdy breathing, especially in the!any given moment ere trivial and|. NOW Mr. Archer comes to the
neighborhood of the reviews, and’ eyen vulgar remedy:

thinks, after all, that there is hone He | ; “We need a national theatre just as

; “We do not declare <hat literature is
recommends, however, an institution! poing to the dogs, because What's- |

we need a national gallery. The differ-
ence is that if it were reasonably well

Yfront. Everywhere they flagged andjthat the public demands good drama,
| Aickered out for lack of intelligent in-] ‘or there is no such thing as the pub-
terest on the part of the local authori-| lic. I have admited above that there
thes, municipal or educational. is a large public which is perfectly

“It is not money that ts wanted, or| satisfied with things as they are. But
only such trifling sums as are not}it is literally true—it is proved by the
worth consideration. It is true that] experience of the ‘Old Vic’ and of a
every self-respecting city should pos-| thousand hut and camp performances
sess its own seemly and well appointed} poth in Engiand and at the front—
playhouse, which it should concede] that there is a very large public that
rent free, or at a very low rent, to di-| heartily enjoys good drama, and is
rectors who should agree to keep their! positively hungering for more.

entertainments up to a certain artistlio| “To take no measures for the due

which has aiways been thought op-' pig. ‘ aiiane | standard—the concession to be rev-! satisfaction of this craving would be
posed to the spirit of the Rnguan | rasname ihe Ghaveltis tea a 5° | managed it would be much less ex- | ocable on short notice if the standard! something very like a crime.
Government. This {s a national theas! misfortune of the theatre that all ite Pensive. jee BO} HiRE eee | “fhe Government, as such, takes no
tre. After leaving the hedside he gave | productions are displayed, so to eneak, |__!We have ready toour hand the most; —“F SE ore a pare noe this elmple ex- cognizance whatever of the theatre,
out the following bulletin: 'on the same level—indeed, the worst Potent instrument of recreative culture pedient, intelligent local authorities except (very properly) to tax it. A
“The intellectual drama, watch had get the florcest advertisement. Let us in the world, and we take no steps to| could do mu h at very slight expense) ogurt official—the last despot left in
the whole progressing hefe { utilize it. We leave the cinema master | to encourage sound dramatic art. Itis) pyrope—meddles vexatiously and ir-
been on the whole progressing befor@ he fair, and judge the British drama, 2 Ith Micthah (a SEAN RAan Taniiente } )
the war, was stricken dumb in August, not hy its lower and lowest, but by OF See SSURGOD:: ne we GO, DO! See | SNe eee cs Py ei A np ry |remponsibly’ with the drama, but
1914, Neither authors nor public had its nigher and highest manifestations, “ttemPt to counteract 1s deleterious | ened revlizition of thelr duties and op- | escapes the fate of King Stork by be-
any intellect to spare for It. In that; “We decline, as a nation, to take any imbecility, or to apply {ts vast poten- portunities, \ing little more than a King Log.”

there is nothing surprising or lamen-) cognizance of the fact that we possess |
| the greatest drama in the world. When!
'Max Reinhardt, during the war, |
perambulated the neutral world, per-

suading the Swedes and the Swiss that

 

s?
SYDNEY THOMPSON
wt the PRINCESS THEATRE
an RECITAL,

 

MF
, 'SABELLE Lowe
Qe MELTING OF MOLLY.”

tialities to desirable ends.

“That the provinces are full of true
drarnatic instinct is proved by the his-
tory of the repertory theatres. Every-
where—but most markedly tn Man-
chester and Glasgow—they brought
notable playwrights and actors to the

 

_ HELEN HOLMES
a& KEEP_IT_TO YOUR SELF”

ae

rn

ns

fo f

“It is unreasonable, however, to ex-/|
pect local initiative in this matter i
the absence of any central guidance
and encouragement.

“A Ministry of Fine Arts? Well, that
{s a large question, and I have no

ONE OF THE WISE ONES.
LAUDE GILLI NGWATER. one

of the “Three Wise Fools” tn
Austin Strong's comedy at the

 

space to enter upon its pros and cons. |
“Let us try to express ourselves ac- | Criterion Theatre, recefved his valua-

David Belasco in

curately., It would not be true to gay | ble training from

Ps ry '
|

|
|

 
 

|
|
| MONA BRUNSS /, HOBOHEMLA’

EDNA Go
GREENWICH VILLAGE THEATRE | et the RALAGE.
rs

 

the seven years
with that management

CAH!
wm

MARIB

  

tL

“ JusT AROUND
the CORNER,”

engagement he had!
When Belas- |

co found the actor he was playing at
the People’s Theatre on the Bowery |@fransed to produce the piece in Lon- | varieties hy the important role he {s
in “A Boy Wanted” having een
with Charles BE. Blaney for two years.

“I recelved your note, Mr. Belasco,
and here I am,” announced young
Gillingwater one day at the Belasco

| office.

“Not possible,

You are not the man

I sent for,” replied Belasco.
I am he,” declared the actor
/and assuming a different voice he re-
| peated some of the lines of his part
in “A Boy Wanted.”

; “Yes,

That

career on Broadway.

Belasco
' thony,”

was given the role of the American | temptation

was the

put him
failed but

beginning

in,
almost

of his

at once he

Consul in “Madame Butterfly,” an im-
portant part for so inexperienced an

actor,
ever,

Fro}man,

He had a success tn it, how-
and Charles

having

 

ial
= MARGARET MOWER
| THE GODS OF THE MOUNTAIN®

  
  
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
  
 

  
    
     
   
  

     

GEORGIA O'RAMEY and ERNEST TORRENCE tn
“ THE VELVET LADY "

THE WEEK IN THE THEATRES.

MONDAY—The New Amsterdam Theatre—Klaw & Erlanger will
introduce ‘The Velvet Lady.” by Victor Herbert and Fred Jack-
son. Henry Blossom made from Mr. Jackson's play “A Full
House” the present libretto and also supplied the lyrics. Victor
Herbert will conduct the first performance, which will entail the
services of Georgia O’Ramey. Ernest Torrence, Ray Raymond, |
Marie Flynn, Alfred Gerrard, Minerva Coverdale, Jed Prouty and |
Eleanor Gordon
Punch and Judy Theatre—Stuart Walker will offer a bill made

up altogether of the plays of Lord Dunsany. They are “The Golden |

'
|

 

Doom,” “King Argimenes” and the “Unknown Warrior” and “The
Gods of the Mountain.”

Theatre du Vieux Colombier—The company wil! this week pre-
sent Erckmann-Chatrian's famous play, “L’Ami Fritz,’’ which has
long been one of the classics of the repertoire of the Comedie Fran-
caise.

TUESDAY—Henry Miller Theatre—Mrs. Fiske will be seen for the }
first time this season here in “Mis’ Nelly of N'Orleans,” by Lau- |
rence Eyre, who wrote “Things That Count.”’ The play deals with
Creole life. Hamilton Revetle, George Revenant and others are
members of the company.

Longacre Theatre—Marie Cahill will make her appearance after
a long absence from the local stage in “Just Around the Corner.”
George V. Hobart and H. H. Winslow are its authors.

THURSDAY—Shubert Theatre—‘Good Morning, Judge,” a musica!
farce founded on Pinero's “The Magistrate,” will be acted by
George Hassell, Mollie and Charles King, Margaret Dale, Grace
Daniels, Harold Dale, Edward Martindel and Betty Pierce. The
present form of the play is in two acts.

SATURDAY—The Greenwich Village Theatre will open its season
with a dramatic vevsion of Sinclair Lewis's story “Hobohemia,”
which aims to depict some of the humors of life in the “villace’
In the company will be Harold Meltzer, Frank Conroy, Ralph
Bunker, Mona Bruns, Helen Westley and Beatrice Prentice. ;

TO-NIGHT—yYvette Guilbert will play “Gibour” at the Neighbor. |
hood Playhouse, and in response to many requests will repeat the
old mystery on Friday, Saturday and Sunday next.

don, gave Mr. Gillingwater complete| now playing in “Three Wise Pools.”

charge of its presentation, and he has just signed a new con-
Later, the actor appeared in “Under | tract with Winchell Smith and 1

Two Flags” and with Mrs. Leslie Car-!L. Golden which will {nsure his

ter in "Du Barry,” playing Denys. At| pearing in the role he created :
the and of his Belasco association Mr.|as the play runs at the Criterion
Gillingwater made the second big hit of
his enreer in “Mlle, Modiste.” In one |
piece he played a role which was es-

 

 

Conspicuous {in the current exhibit.on
lof American Pai I

pecially written for him bs Henry} Nters at. fi
ieecam Finding musical comedy Majestic, In which are some of

his liking, he remained in it several} OCSt examples of Bia kt

seasons, being for te greater part of Albert P Ryder and Ger :
that time with Montgomery and Stone. | '* partrar: whi NI Mo : a
| Having a useful and pretty talent | D&S painted f Bertha spans
| for concocting vaudeville sketches, | POAT an ae ne ; " aa 2) ~ : .
Mr. Gillingwater has heen writing and | the Fulton Theatre. Mr. Blocic, a 5

The first play playing in his own acts for the past protege of the actress, has s
“Naughty An-

several years. From a financtal stand-| (27° t to the canvas something 0

point he found vaudeville a greater the MYBUEC and inscrutable qu y of
than the prestige Broad- , the Kalich face

way could give him. This fall, how-

ever, he was lured away from the

|
ry
;

| § ed *. a
Ane vs Wy

bs As §
at OP 5
Neg Begg Pe,

 

  

Le | eo a gs ¢

JANE FEARNLEY | va : 7

n : HART sn" EVERYTHING
mm BUSINESS BEFORE PLEASURE’ | APRN IPPODROME