.

AIR TRAVEL RULES FIXED
BY BRITISH COMMISSIONER

The subject of commercial aerial
transportation after the war was care-
filly studied in all its phases by the
Lritish Government between May, 1917,
and May, 1918, in order that at the close
of the war England might take the lead,
according to a lengthy report most of
which has now been released for publi-
cation.

The report, that of the cfvil aerial
trameport committee, which was
by Viscount Northcliffe until he was eent
to the United States on a special mis-
sion and later by Major John Baird,
D, 6 O., Parliamentary Under Secretary
of State for the Royal Air Force, con-
tains the findings of aixty-one British
statesinen, aviation experts, army and
navy flying officers and others whose
knowledge of departments of the sub-
ject made their opinion and researches
valuable, :

In this country the report has engaged

the attention of the members ef the
Manufacwurers Aircraft Association, who
are the leading airplane manufacturers
of the United States,

The find{ngs of one of the special com-
mittees oonsidering the encouragement
of airplane production after the war
throughout the empire (for:the ontire
Bntish Empire, including Canada, India,
New Zeaiand and South Africa, was rep-
resented) as summarized by its chair-
man, H. White-Smith, contains the fol-
lowing statements:

“Cost what it may, this country must
lead the world in civil aerial transport.

“The State must have a reservoir of
eertal power capable of meeting a sud-
den demand for expansion of the naval
and military air forces,”

The summary then continues: ‘Put
shortly, we may say, ‘It must be done.’
Approaching the question, therefore,
from this point of view, It becomes evi-
dent that if civil aerial transport is so
necessary to national interests every
step possible must be taken by this coun-
try and the Empire to foster the id
development of this form of a@ial
power, and by it the power of produc-
tion in this country. The development
of civil aerial transport to the extent
outlined in the preceding paragraph can-
not, in the opinion of the special com-
mittee, be brought about without some
State action

“The State may:

“(a) Give its assistance in one or
more of the many possible forms to pri-
vate enterprise; or

“(b) May itself own and operate, or
Participate in the ownership and opera-
tion of aerial transport undertakings.”

The special committee and also the

 

 

 

 

‘
|

 

Fre ee aa a,
News of Hotels and Restaurants |

| several of the allies.

main committee leave the decision be-
tween the two plans to the Government
itvelf, although the merits of each plan
are carefully set forth.
The summary, dated March 8, 1918,
concludes: |
“It scems necessary that the steps to |
be taken to secure the main object aimed |
at, namely, the provision of the indis- |
pensable reservoir of aerial power |
should be considered and determined |
upon by His Majesty's Government
once, as it will be too late to consider |
them after the war. If at the conclusion |
of peace direct naval and military orders
fall off very greatly and no steps ‘iave
been taken in advance to create other
markets for the manufacturing industry, |
the manufacturing industry will dwindle |
With great rapidity and may well cease’!
altogether to exist, except to the extent
necessary to comply with such dimin- |
ished naval and military orders as the |
State may still continue to give. It can- |
not last without orders while the State |
is considering, what steps can be taken,
to develop tne commercial use of airs |
craft, a process that is likely to occupy |
fome time.” |
The need of haste also was empha- |
sized by the main committee, which de- |
clares that steps must be taken before |
the end of the war so that action might
start immediately om the proclamation |
of peace. |
“The negotiation of a convention, at
any rate with our allies, and probably
the arrangement of agreements with the.
Dominion and other governments of the |
empire, to regulate interimperial and|
international flying, would seem to be!
indispensable preliminaries to action!
and should, w@ venture to suggest, be |
taken In hand as s00n as possible.” }
The main committee, whose members |
include such men as Major-Gen. W. S.
Brancker, Brig.-Gen. R. M. Groves, R
A. F.; Brig.-Gen. E M. Maitland, ‘R. A. |
F.;"Major-Gen. Sir J. Whiteside McCay,
Brig.-Gen. Lord Montagu of Beaulieu,
the Duke of Atholl, Sir Thomas Macken- |
zie, Col. J. C. Porte, Sir C. H. Perley, |
Sir M. D. Chalmers, K. C. B.; Sir Na-,
pler Shaw and H. G. Wells, concluded |
thelr report by pointing out that pre- |
liminary action for the purpose of pre-
paring for civil aerial transport, in some |
cases by the institution of experimental |
posta! service, had already beer taken

“It has been reported also,” the com-
mittee says, “that enemy countries have
moved in this direction. We consider it
of vital importance that the British Em-
Pire should not be allowed to lag behind
other nations in this movement, more
especially as this might have a very
serious effect upon the position of the
empire with regar@ to the international
aspects of aerial transport. We would
urge that there {s a large amount of pre-
liminary work which could be com-
menced at once. We consider also that

Gala Sunday Concert for Murray’s. | for nearly 300 performances, will ter-

A gala Sunday concert, dance, din- | Minate next Saturday night, when the

ner is the innovation to be introduced | “Springtime Girlie Revue,” also a Gus |

by Manager Mortimer M. Kelly to'the | Edwards origination,

patrons of Murray's Roman eens

to meet a popular demand of people

will have its,
premier. Judging from the rehearsa's |

that have been going on for the last |

who like to spend a Sunday evening | ‘ew weeks the “Springtime Girlle Re- |
leisurely and sociably with just enough | Vue” will demonstrate that the popular |

good music to prove entertaming.
For this particular event the orches-
tra has been augmented and several
Soloists of reputation have been en-
gaged. For those who like the “popu-
lar” music the colored string quartet
will render Old’ Rnd new selections.
Naturally

an occasional dance be- | don
tween courses will enhance the enjoy- | taurant on the Strand.

ment of the repast for the young folk}

and some of the older ones as well; in| “sophie

fact, it is pleasing to look down on the
revolving floor from the balcony and
observe some of the “elders” tripping
the light fantastic with all the zest of
the younger element.

 

Gpringtime Revue for Martinique.

The sensational run of Gus Ed-
wards'’s successful revue,
which has played in the Omar Khay-
yem Rqom of the Hotel Martinique

 
     

|

|
!
|
|

|

|

“Attaboy,” |

s % |
GY =| The entire revue will be elaborately

| costumed and bids fair to be as suc-

‘of Syncopation

producer has outdone all previous ef- |
forts.

Arrangements have been completed
through Manager Walter Chandler, Jr.,
and Producer Edwards for the presen- |
tation this spring of the “Ajttaboy" |
production practically intact in Lon- }
in the famous Piccadilly Res-

Tucker Room," oa

weber's,

At Reisenweber's, Columbus Circle,
elaborate preparations are being per-
fected for the opening of another
revue which is scheduled for appear-
ance about the middle of February.
Louis Silvers is responsible for the
music and lyrics as well as the com-
pilation of the production, while Far! !
Lindsay is looking after the details of
the staging processes. <A large cast
has been engaged and those retained
for the new entertainment dnelude
Midgie Miller and Stewart Jackson

cessful as {ts predecessors. |

Sophie Tucker and her Five Kings |
continue to draw a}
host of patrons to the Sophie Tucker |
room. New features are constantly |

} added, which makes this room one of!ment, started Monday

the most popular refidezvous In fOwn.
Similarly the “Paradise” room, zal

| Lady Constance Stewart Richardson
jand Miss Vera Maxwell is making;
| this resort the most popular ballroom |
'in America,

All of the other floors are:
adding to the popularity of Reisen- |

“Vanity Fair’ at Cafe de Paris.

cupled by

it {is a matter of urgent necessity to os-
tablish a system of propaganda through-
out the empire In order to convince the
whole nation of the vast importance and
possibilities of aertal transport and to
familiarize the governments and the
local authorities with the subject. There |
is evidence of the initiation of such a
system in enemy countries.

“In order to carry out

 

these views |

| we therefore recommend that a special | h ae
at! branch (commencing on quite a modest | through the ‘fog.

scale) should be formed at once for the |
purposes specified under the Air Ministry |
to insure that all necessary preliminary
action be taken without delay—-a defi-
nite responsibility being imposed upon
the Air Council,”

Frank Pick, one of the members of |
the committee, in a memorandum sub- |
mitted at the same time with the final |
report of the committee, declares that |
the Government must take care to avoid
any steps which might interfere with
the adoption of an international code of
lawa,

“The door should be left open for the
widest possible conference and the most
general acceptance,” he says, ‘There
are two other selfish reasons for thie |
policy. The strategic position of this
country in relation to the alr diffors |
fundamentally from the strategic posi-
tion in relation to the sea. So long as
the shores of the North Atlantic are oo-
the leading civilized people,
so long the British position is advan-
tageous as a centre of sea power. But,
if air power is to usurp to any degree
the place of sea power—and this seems |
probable—so long as flight over land |
holds appreciable advantages over oa |
over sea, which is the case under condl- |
tions as they exist to-day, then the}
position of a country placed gentrally |

|
|

as regards land must be superior to
the position of a country placed cen-
trally as regards water.

“The German aims of central Europe,
central Africa and the Berlin to Bag-,
dad approach to Asia are seen to be the
more sound and the more dangerous as
this idea is .carried to fruition. The
very scattered and discontinuous char-
acter of the countries constituting the |
British Empire becomes an obstacle to
the development of aerial transport and
aerial power.

“The British Isles are badly placed for
aerial communication. Other nations
bar access to the great land masses
associated to form the British Empire. A
clear right of way, free from restriction
across France and Italy, is essential to
effective progress ‘in intercolonial air
communication. Our self-Interest, there-
fore as a great power lies toward an in-
ternational settlement of air Sovereignty.

“And for similar considerations our
interests as a commercial and industrial
people must He in the same direction.
The right to pass across other national
territory without let or hindrance, relief
from varying terms and conditions at- |
taching to flight which may be onerous)
‘nd irksome, the absence of customs re-
Stralnts or tariff restrictions and gener-
ally the absence of the apparatus for
hampering or artificlally routing “trade
are all wanted, On all these grounds it
is submittetl that the case for an {nter-

; national settlement is strengthened,”

The possibilities of commercial routes
between London and various points in
the British Isles and to the Riviera, to
South Africa and to Russia are dis-
cussed Concerning the transatlantic
route, on which Commander Porte (the
aviator who was to fly Rodman Wana-
maker's seaplane to England

America
| when the war brok4 out) reported, the |

following statement made:

“As to the Aflantic route Commander
Porte pointed out in his report that for |
some time to come a direct route from i
Ireland to Newfoundland and vice versa !
will be found tmpracticable He sug- |
gested that the only possible solution ot
the transatlantic route at the present

{time and for many vears to came would

be to use the so-called Azores route,

PALM

BEACH GETS

 

FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

employing San Miguel, the principal tsl-
and of the Azores, as a landing station.

“To avoid the great distance of a
direct flight from the United Kingdom
to San Miguel, he recommended a route
from London, via Paris, Madrid and
Lisbon, the distance from Lisbon to San
Miguel being 775 miles. From San Mi-
guel to Newfoundland ta 1,346 miles,
although this distance could be reduced
to 1,045 miles by calling at Flores, an-
other of the Azores group. The use of
Newfoundland as a terminus presents

on the banks and around Newfoundland
itself. The effect of this fog is to make
a journey westward to Newfoundland
liable to the danger and uncertainty in-
volved in having to come down to land
The same difficulty
does not occur in the eastward journey
from Newfoundland, in that the pilot
can lay his course by the compass and
would within a comparatively short
period find hmself outside the fog area.

“Commander Porte’s conclusion ia that
at any rate in the immediate future it
would be preferable to fix upon New
York as the western terminus of the
Atlantic route. The distance from San
Miguel to Long Island is roughly 2,250
nautical miles, and Commander
Suggests that for the purpose of dividing
this long distance into reasonable stages
it would be necessary to design and ar-
range for sea stations in the shape of
long ehips of say 600 feet, with a clear
upper deck of 400 feet, fitted with wire-
less and the necessary signalling ap-
paratus. Such an arrangement would
make possible the use of airplanes rather
than seaplanes.

“While Commander Porte is a high

| authority, the special committee do not

feagthat they possesa sufficient inde-
pendent information to enable them to
express a confident opinion with regard
to his conclusions. So far as these are
hased upon the prevalence of fog on
the Newfoundland coast, Major Taylor
is disposed to think that they are open
to question Major Taylor's impres-
sion, based upon his study of the sub-
Ject, is that the sea fogs prevailing off
the Newfoundland coast are low in alti-
tude and do not extend far inland. Any
further evidence that could be obtained
on this point would be valuable.

“Here again the committee cag only
recommend that a practical experiment
should be instituted as early as may
be poasible, all available information as
to the weather conditions likely to be
encountered that may be in the posses-
sion of the Meteorological Office of of
the governinents of the United States,
Canada and Newfoundland having first
been studied with a view to undertaking
the experiment with the best chances
of success.

“This route would appear to be a
particularly suitable one for an experi-
ment with airships as well as with fero-
planes, the distance in a direct line from
the east coast of Newfoundland to the
west coast of Ireland being no more
than could be accomplished in favorable

weather by airships already in exist-
ence.”

HIPPODROME

Charles Dillingham has the
distinction of presenting the
most popular attraction in New
York, since “Everything” enters
upon its seventh successful
month at the Hippodrome on
Monday, with the record of play-
ing to a larger public week after
week than any other theatrical
offering in town. An average
of over 58,000 patrons weekly at-
tended the big playhouse during
the month of January, and the
Hippodrome has never before en-
joyed a post-hpliday period of
prosperity equal to the present.
The reason for this extraordinary
success is to be found in the
spectacle, which is not only one
of magnitude but is of variety
and quality as well.

 

i

MORE NEW YORKERS

PaLM BEACH, Feb. 1.—The rush sea-}
son at Palm Beach, the few short weeks |
luring which society people from the
ountry over come here as they go no-
where else, got a good start tiiis week
The place is now nearly fuil, the crowd

rhe

wing ten days ahead of tts pre-war
schedule,
Features of the last few days were

‘he opening of the Palm Beach Country
‘lub, the opening of the Poijinciana
‘oconnut Grove, where sojourners gather |
\t Bunset every night for two hours of
outdoor dancing and sociability at little
tables under the palms, and the running
of the annual Lake Worth golf tourna-
with nearly a
hundred entries and concluded Jast night.

Mr. and Mrs, Peter Cooper Hewitt of |
New York, who are passing their honey-
moon here, were among those who en-
tertained at formal luncheons at the
Country Ciub openiiig. They have been |
Much in evidence, as their appearance |
has given Mr. Hewitt his frst oppor- |

| weber's with ite myriad of entertain-| tunity to presant many of his friends to
| ing features and miles of dancing floor | his bride.

| space, : \

They met at Palm Beach
last season, when Mrs, Hewitt was Mrs. |
Maryon J. Brugulere. Other luncheon
hosts at the Country Club opening were |

Ellis Wainwright, John F. Harris, J. M.!

Cudahy, Samuel Untermyer, Mr. and Mrs |

Marvin Pool, Mr. and . Serxey Friede
agement and the unprecedented cul-| anq F. 8 Peabody. Mrs. Serxey Friede |

sine which have distinguished the Cafe} Jesse L. Livermore and his wife havo|
de Paris from the day it became other | just arrived at the Breakers for the sea- |
than Rector’s, a once famous name!son, having found at the last moment |
has been lost in the plaudits earned by | that there was not a villa left. Edward
a new establishment which is close to| B. Mclean of Washington got the last

With the elegance, the perfect man-

 

the heart of Broadway. Every detall |
of the Cafe de Paris equipment and|
service has been carefully arranged
to better all precedents in that famous
iullding, and the results are attested
by the fact that a table at the Cafe |
de Paris 1s more frequently sought by
the average lover of Broadway than
it is to be obtained. “Vanity Fair’
aptly describes the sentiment which
imbues forty excellent players with
fair reason for vanity.

 

Helen

 

Hardick at Healy’s
Golden Glades,

 

“IN THE WORLD OF MUSIC

nti rom Third Pa, way, some having been engaged to play
Continnag f oe with regular orchestras this year.

 

 

 

 

forata, B flat, Schubert; “A Bet of on .
J FEdward Royce; Humoreskes, Felix Garzigiia, French planist, will}
Nocturne, F sharp; Polo-| give his second recital in Aeolian Hall

& mann;
? ( minor; Mazurka, D major, Cho-
bur; The Ride Of the Valkyries, Wagner.

Iiulda Lashanska, soprano, will give a

on Saturday evening, February 8, He
will play among other selections works |
by Debussy, a Beethoven sonata, two
studies of Chopin In one
by Godowsky, and Chabrier's ‘Scherzo

as combined

® 1g recital on Tuesday evening in Car- | }}
sie Hall, The programme: Splagge | Valse.”
\nate, Dell’ aurea sua etella, from omearmonnd
")arls and Helena,’ Gluck; Ah lo ao, The fourth concert of the Philadelphia

fom “Magic Flute,” Mozart; Mermaid's
fog, Haydn; Myrto, Dellbes; Decep-
1, Berenade, Tachalkowsky; aria

Orchestra will take place on February 11
in Carnegie Hall. Olga Samaroff will
be the soloist, playing the Brahms B fiat

 

n “Hamlet,” Faccio; Eros, Hidden | piano concerto,
e, Grieg; Deserted, MacDowell;

G «ope, Gretchaninoff; L'Heure Dell- The second public concert of the
ciei@, Staub; David's Harp—Welsh | priends of Sukie wil] take place at
there, arranged by Kurt Schindler; | 4 oo)jan Hall on Saturday afternoon, Feb-
G Star, Zucca; Springtime, Bauer,|ruary 15. The programme will be given
ano The Wind, Fickenscher, by the Flongaley Quartet, Povla Frijsh
ora soprano; M. Louis Bailly, viola, and

The MacDowell Symphony Club, or-/| Heinrich Gebhard, piano. A number tn
gurized under the leadership of Max/the list of especial interest will be the
J@coos last season, has lately resumed |first performance of Charles Martin
{ts rehearsals, to be held every Sunday | Loeffler'sa new string quartet, which was
morning at 10 o'clock at the Yorkville! written in momory of one of our eviators
Casino where those interested may ap-| who gave his ‘life in the war. Mme.
p)s Both men and women, professional | Frijsk will sing a group of songs by

and non-professional players, are eligi- Carpenter and, assisted by Mr. Bailly
le, and over 100 members are said to/and Mr. Gebhard, the Four Poems for
ve guined exporienes already in shis|voiga, viola and piaua, by Mr, loefilen

 

front two years ago for Mrs, Frederick

| Guest of London and never occupied.

The coming of the McLeans after a
lapse of one season, coupled with their |
having secured the most elaborate place ;
ever built here, with the single exception
of Whitehall, fs interesting news to their |
large circle of friends, who remember
their extensive entertaining here three
and four winters ago.

Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Thomas of New
York have given up their villa in Sun-
set avenue and taken a suite for the
season at the Breakers, where they will
arrive Tuesday morning. Mr. and Mra.
Frederick Lewis of Fidgefield, Conn.,
and New York have just arrived in
their private car. Mr. and Mrs, F,
Egerton Webb will Join their party later.

avallable one, that bullt on the ocean |
|
|

 

Mr, and Mrs, Charles F. Van Vleck,
Jr, of New York arrived Wednesday
at the Poinciana Mrs. Van Vleck

when here was Miss Natalie Johnson of |
Milwaukee, and one of the belles of the
Palm Beach season two years ago

Former Attorney-General John C, |
Rell of Pennsylvania is due to-morrow |
and has a suite at the Poinciana for:
several weeks. Frank Tilford of New
York will be down tn a few days. Fran-
cis B. Crocker of the Racquet Club, New
York, haa just arrived, Wilmot H, Smith
of New York Is at the Potnclana for the
season, Mr. and Mra H. R. Mallinson of
New York are at the Poinciana for the
winter.

It seems a reasonable conclusion that
the dancing craze {s to continue indefi-
nitely at Palm Beach. Even last winter
{t was as much a feature as when the
new dances first started some seasons |
ago, and ¢this season Palm Beach is!
already dancing three times a day——at |
the Breakers noon concerts, in the tea
grove, and at the Poinciana palin garden |

At one ef the tea grove dances this |
week among those entertaining was Mrs, |
Gustav A. Walker, who had a party of
twenty-six guests, including Mrs, Rob-
ert A. Black, Miss Dorothy Black, John
Black, Mr. and Mra. Richard Hudnut,

{dart of Phil

Corps, J. B. Elwell, Roger Hill. Mr. and
Mrs. Kenneth B. Van Riper, Mrs, Ar-
mour Ferguson, Vincent B&B Hubbell,
Miss Minnie May Crabtree, Miss Amy
Phillips and Louis A. Koone, Jr ;

John Bradley Kitchen of Chicago and
New York entertained for Mr and Mrs
| Jerome Bonaparte Mra Charles R
Dillingham, who has just arrived to oc.
cupy a new villa ehe and Capt. Dillir ge!
ham have built, entertulned a party of
twenty. Other hosts included Mr. and
Mrs. William Lawrence Green, Mrs,

Samuel I ntermyer, who entertained for

Mrs, de Herczeg; Mrs. Walter Fearon, |

Mrs, Alfred Beadleston, Mrs. John Mur.
phy, John Erwin, L. ©. Crossett, Mrs.

| George 8. Hanna and Mrs. Frederick C

Van Dusen. Mrs, Harry Payne Hing-
ham hed a table for eight, and others
entertaining were Mra. David
Calhoun, Mra, A. Fellx Pont
Charles Choate, Jr.

The Reach Club restaurant {s one of
the places that was to have been boarded
up this winter, until the armistice
veloped, and now it is the eating place
twice a day for !ts hundred-odd mem-
bers. Among those giving formal din-
ners or luncheons there this week were
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard D. Ahl, who came
here some weeke ago directly from thelr
place at Prides Crossing: Mr. and Mrs.
Jean St. Cyr, Mr. and Mrs. George W
Hanna, Jerome N. Bonaparte, Mr. and
Mrs. John E. Liggett. C. W. Hammill,
Nelson Slater, Joseph Speidel, Lewis
Morris, Harold 8. Vanderbilt, Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Harris and Frank J. God-
Bol

du and

Mr. and Mrs. Robert Addams of Mni!-!

adelphia are here for the winter on a

new houseboat they call the Ubadam
They gave a dinner on board a few
nights ago for Mr. and Mra. Edward

Crozier of Philadelphia, who are here on

the houseboat Seurry Other guests
were Mrs. Newbold Etting and Lieut
Henry Peacock of Philadelphia, They

had the Poinciana Sextet over to play
dance music.

Mrs, Rebecca Lemist Esler of New
York and Newport has gone into bus!-
ness here this winter. She has an an-
tique shop in the Beaux Arts Building,
at which ft !s understood she wil! give
tens from time to time and otherwise
entertain.

The chance of a visit of Lieut. and
Mrs. Laurence Lewis has arisen through
the return within a few days of Lieut.
Lewis from France. Mrs. Lewis, a girl
in her early twenties, is widely known
as the heir of the late Henry M Flag-
ler, Her maiden name was Loulse Wise
Mr. Flagler left his great fortune very
largely to his wife, who died suddenly
and made her niece, Miss Wise, her heir
Her marriage and the entrance of her
husband into a training camp, to which
Phe followed him, have prevented Mrs
Lewis from visiting Palm Beach since.
It is understood that when she comes
she will live at Whitehall, Mr. Flagler's
Palm Beach home, built for elaborate
entertaining, but owing to a long chain
of circumstances never much used for
that purpose

Mr. and Mrs. Pierre
Wilmington have fust arrived at the
Breakers for the season. Mr. and Mrs
Irene du Pont have a reservation there.
{1 Mr. and Mrs, Pierre du Pont's party

8. du Pont of

;are Mr, and Mrs, Charles Copeland of

Wilmington, Mr. and Mrs, Frank ©,
Pratt of Schenectady and Mr. and Mra
Paul B, Belin of Scranton. R. 8. Har-

elphia arrived this week

at the Breakers with the Misses May

and Frances Hardart, Mra. E. H. Who-

ley, J. F. Wholey and Leo McCloskey,
Philadelphia,

Capt. Fleming of the Royal Flying |all of

Porte |

R. |}

de- |

NEWS OF CINEMA

~AND FILM GOSSIP

 

Impetus to evolution in motion pie-
tures is expected to follow the combina-
tion of five great stars of the screen in
a company
pictures,
ing on them what they don’t want,”
seems to be their slogan.
are wealthy and individually have all
said that they do not expect to make

more money, but to make better pic-|
tures; to develop the art, produce
greater pictures; to advance and not

 

continue to make mere pot boilers.

The motion picture industry will be
following the ways of change for some
time to come, but everybody must ap-
prove of the step taken by these inter-
preters in this their effort to better the
standard of screeh productions.

The big distributers already tn the
flekl are not at all angry, And as for
j btter pictures any distributer will bless
the man or woman who will eliminate
the crudities, start a big theme and
| popularize it, who will take basle doc-
trines, weave In human life stories and
r simple'screen productions so great
t

 

that any one and every one can see and
enjoy and be helped.

 

* Lieut. Lee Lawson, former technical
Mirector; Sergeant Clarence DeWitt and

Sergeant H, Divver, formerly of Uni-

that will distribute its own |

 

“To give the public and ex-
| reat difficulty owing to continual fo€' hipnitors what they want without fore-

The five stars |

|

|

John Barrymore In “Here Comes the
Bride” tg the feature at the Strand this
week.

Cecil B, De Mille’a latest production,
“Don't Change Your Husband,” at the
Rialto Theatre this week, is a story with
melodramatic tendencies, written by
Jeanie Macpherson, It is about one
wife, riches, poverty, two husbands and
green onions. The cast includes Elliott
Dexter, Gloria Swanson and Theodore
Roberts. De Mille’s ability in direction

is again evidenced, The Rialto magazine | plies of jams and jellies.

 

among those who went down the bay on
the police patrol] boat carrying a flag of
weicome. ‘Buster’ Blackton ran away
from college to enlist more than two
years ago. It is not yet decided whether
he will complete his college course or en-
ter business,

 

Dr. Harvey Wiley, food expert, says
the orange is beneficial and excellent to
@at at any time. And the Government
itself has spread the gospel of the
orange. A motion picture “The Story of
the Orange,” will be released by Pathe
on February 9.

MARMALADE DAYS HERE.

This is the time of year when the pre-
serve pantry is beginning to show empty
shelves. ‘The holidays with their boun-
teous feasts make heavy inroads on sup-
New Year's

for the week includes pictures from over- [the housewife sees the last of her good
seas, including the first of the Amer- |! things disappearing.

ican troops and officials at Archangel.

Fortunately, this is also the time when

An organ solo by Arthur Depew closes | oranges and grapefruit are at their best,

the programme.

 

Dustin Farnum {s understood to be a
greatgrandson of Daniel Webster, whose
son, Fletcher Webster, died in Civil War
time.

 

William Faversham,

 

 

with Barbara |
Castleton, in his first photoplay, “The |

and marmalade made from them may

replenish the depleted stock of pre-
serves.

Marmalade lends itself to many alf-
ferent ways of serving. There is no

more delicious filling for tmdividual
tarts, and the_plainest cake takes on
an added richness when there is a gen-
erous spreading of the golden sweet
between layers. A souffle omelette with

Silver King,” will be shown at Loew’s| marmalade is a dainty dish.

New York Theatre and Roof to-morrow.
Tuesday Fred Stone in “Under the Top,”
a story of circus life, will be the attrac-
tion. The later features will be Alma
Reubins in “Restless Souls,” on Wednes-

versal City, for over nine months mem-/! gay; Henry B. Walthall in ‘Long Lane's

bers of a camouflage regiment

1n purning,” on Thursday; Peggy Hyland |

France, have returned to the studio. | i, “The Girl of No Regrets” and Monroe

When America entered the war Lieut
Lee assembled scenic artists, sculptors

Salisbury in “The Millionaire Pirate,”
on Friday; Kitty Gordon In “Mandarin's

directors and property jen in @ camou-| Goi4q," saturday, and Edith Storey in

flage platoon. He was wounded twice.
Sergeant DeWitt gassed and
Divver wounded twice.

Sergeant

 

“The Heart of Humanity” having
stood the
continue at the Broadway Theatre, Car)

Laemmle announces,

 

 

acid test of Broadway will |

William 8. Hart in “Breed of Men," |

a Prizma color picture, the usual Rivoli
pictorial and sevefal musical numbers
form the programme at the Rivoli The-
atre this week. Rossini’s “William Teil"
overture is followed by Prizma's “Model
Girls,” depicting the making of the
ladies in wax who smile from the shop
windows. Mise Catherine Northfleet,
violinist, will play.

Hart enacts Careless Carmody, @ cow-
boy role, and a dashing hero who sets
all things / aright. The cast includes
Senna Owens, Bert Sprotte and Buster
Irving. The story was written by J. G.
Hawks of the Ince-Hart etaff. A comedy
follows and Firmin Swinnen’s organ
solo “Finale in D Major” closes the per-
formance.

Carpenters, tinsmiths, bricklayers and
plumbers had a hand in the constru@tion
of a set representing a New England
homestead used by Julius Steger in B
S. Moas's production “Break the News
to Mother.” It {9 somewhat like "Way
Down East.” Pearl Shepard plays a
country mald and {ts the central figure
in the plot.

 

“Creaking Staira,” a six reel attrac-
tion, featuring Mary MacLaven and her
ifiret picture {n three months, will be
released February 10.

 

 

AMUSEMENTS.

a ae
——O~nrrr~’

Free Illustrated Lecture
Victory Over

Blindness

    

 

 

Sir Arthur Pearson
St. Dunstan’s, London

Tuesday, February

at 8 o'clock

4,

CENTURY THEATRE

Tickets good for reserved seats can be
obtained from the Red Cross Institute for
Crippled and Disabled Men, 311 Fourth Ave.

 

      
  
 

Ti RIVERSIDE Shs

|| Concerts Sunday, 2.15 & 815. Week ofFob 3
|| Mat. ALL STAR BILL

100 Overture
(05 Riverside News Pictorial _ 8:05
12 Ben Beyer & Augusta |
24” Phina & Co. ‘8:24
2:38 MORRIS & CAMPBELL 8:38
7. RUTH ROYE 8:57
3:12 SALLIE FISHER & CO. 9:12
3:35_Lenzberg's Harmonists_9:35
3:45 9:45
3:55. CLIFTON CRAWFORD 9:55
|] 2:25 MEHLINGER& MEYER 10:15
1] 4:27 HALK.& PAITERSON 10:27
| __& Disteland Jass Band.

Exit March 10:47

NM) bt to

|
|
|

to ts

  

:

 

“WHERE 1S HOBOHEMIA BRED
IW THE CUP ORIN THE HEAD?

youll find your

 

CONDENSED INTO A FARCE
COMEDY OF GREENWICH
VILLAGE AY THE

yy VILLACE
Abd Uhl3

4ST. & 7MAVE. PHONE SPRING
OPENING SAT. EVE

TS NOW ON SA

°
To
NEW

SHOW EVERY WEEK

The Great, Towering, Populartt of Co-
lumbia Burlesque is Built Upon a
Foundation of
Pretty Girls and Pictoria) Beauty—
And the Performances are Clean and

Laughter,
Wholesome.
2 Big 215, 25¢ & 5Oc.
Concerts TO-DAY 8:15, 25¢ to 81.00
Cemmencing To-morrow Afternoon
A

} Fun,

Company
Favorites. Twice Dally.
Seats 2 Weeks in Advance

Gatety,

THE MAJESTICS

with FLORENCE BENNETT
New Production in Every Detail. All
Melod
o

aud Magnificence. Big
Burlesque and Vaudeville
Moderate Prices.

Smoking

Week of Feb, 10-——-GIRLS of the U.S. A.

 

AUTO sss
‘SHOW

ORY as ee
10 AM. 10:30PM
Viewed sunday TICKET ADMITTING
| Reopens Mendey BOTH BUILDINGS 5Ox

 

& ROOF

LOEW'S NEW YORK THEATRE #, ROOF
Cont, 11 A.M. toll P.M. Roofto1 A.M,
BERT LYTELL in **KAITH,"

 

[an tsin a BT add 8, WO of Bway,
Loew sAm ie... R ! Every Evening at 8 tb.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (Mon.) EV.

Trobadours, dates ‘All Seats

Ben. Ab, 8d, 50

  

\

 

BROADWAY AT 47TH i A.

|

“As the Sun Went Down," on Bunday.

 

A small town city editor is the char-
acter role Fragk Keenan is to play in
the Pathe film, “Todd of the Times.”
The supporting cast was carefully
selected.

Corporal J, Stuart Biackton, Jr., son
of Commodore J, Stuart Blackton, well
known motion picture producer and
sportsman, returned with the Fifty-ninth
Coast Artillery on the dew Hampshire
last Friday and is now with his com-

|

 

pany at Camp Upton awaiting discharge. |

Commodore and Mrs. Blackton were

 

AMUSEMENTS.

een

—_—

The most difficult feature In the
preparation of marmalade is the shay-
ing of the fruit. Strictly speaking,
fruit should always be cut with a ail-
ver knife, but the skins of grapefru't

talent in vaudeville.

cluding Toto, on the programme.

Fred Irwin will bring the Majestics to the Columbia Theatre this
week. Admirers of burlesque know this to be one of the best of the
companies, and there will be a cordial welcome for Florence Bennett,
and the other actors in the company. A new two act satirical bur-
lesque will make up the programme.

—

AMUSEMENTS.

 

  
  
  
   
    
   
    

VARIETY AND BURLESQUE.

The Palace Theatre bill will as usual include the best available
Edna Goodrich in a sketch and wearing an en-
tirely new and elaborate wardrobe will head the programme, while the
Morgan Dancers are again to show their spectacular dancing, with
Belle Baker also retained on the programme from last week.

Sallie Fisher will not be the only star on the Riverside ‘Theatre
programme this week, as Clifton Crawford will also tell his smart
stories and sing his new songs. There will be Hale and Patterson as
well as the Dixie Jazz Band and other popular vaudeville actors, in-

 

 

 

and oranges are so tough that ft fs alk
most impossibla to follow this rutile.
If the steel knife is kept scrupulously
clean, it may be used and the fruit
not discolored.

Many persons prefer a marmalade In
which grapefruit, oranges and lemons
are combined, to one inade of oranges
alone. The proportions are two sound
grapefruit with clean, smooth skins, three
oranges of the naval variety, with rich
reddish skins, and two lemons,

Shave the fruit as finely as possible
into thin strips. Discard the pits and
tough central fibers of grapefruit and
orange, also the heavy walls of the
grapefruit. Cover the shaved rinds and
pulp with three times their bulk Of water
and stand tn a cool Place overnight. The
next day bring to a boll for one minute
as a sterilization process. Set aside
again in an earthen vessel and the next
day boil for two hours until the rinds

are tender, Now add to the boiled
liquid an equal amount of sugar, or
a little less if one prefers a slightly

tart preserve, and boll twenty minutes,
Pour into sterilized glasses and seal
with parafine.

lf one wishes an orange marmalade
the process of preparation is exactly
the same, but the addition of a lemon
or two is always an improvement. Six
good sized oranges will make about a
dozen glases of marmalade

A lucious icing is made by thinning
marmalade with a little lemon juice and
then adding the confectioner'’s sugar. If
one makes icing near an open window
a much lighter icing will become firm,
Care should always be taken also that
the cake is cold, A half warm cake
nelts the icing and Ittle of {t remains

 

AMUSEMENTS,

ALL WEEK BEGINNING TODAY

IALT

THEATRE|

Times Square, 42nd St. & Broadway

aay

iC TION

ont

JEANIE MACPHERSON

 

ECIL B. De MILLE’S “Don't Change Your

Husband” is a magnificent domestic drama, staged
and gowned with a style and sumptuousness and daring
that even De Mille himself has never equalled before.

It is the reverse of the love-tragedy shown in “Old

Wives for New.”
Here it is the husband.

love.

 

There it was the wife who killed

Leila, the dainty wife, turns to another man, an

alle

 

King of Dreams, who is a fine little promiser

(‘chests of smouldering rubies and chains of virgin pearls
as beautiful as your curls’’), but he can’t make good:
he is simply a polished husk.

It wams women against the man who makes love
for the love of making love.

It aids her to recognize the worth of the man who
makes love because he’s in love.

Rialto Program

Direction Hugo Riesenfeld

Beginning Today at 1.00 P. M.

Cecil B. De Mille’s

‘(Don’t Change Your Husband”’
An Artcraft Picture

Rialto Magazine

First Films of Americans at Arch-

angel.

   

Comedy and Solo

“Vitava’’ Overture
Rialto Orchestra
Hugo Riesenfeld and Nat Finsto:

ain aite '
conducting

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sao