ean =

 

ing their clothes. After that every-
tulng is easy; it is only necessary to

you just what he did, but he made her

HE blouse is a sartorial robin.
| It heralds the approach of an individualist. Men never believe in

. . look after details, which consume} indecision, you know, and they cannot
spring. It is the kind of acces-| probably one morning every six understand whimsicality in clothes.
sory toacostume that both pleases and | months. Briefly, she wore stately evening

irritates. That it is usually wrong is| This class of individualists is larger

the verdict of most women. When it | sine eowie Laie ies oR aace.
is right it is very, very right, and that | you know, has become” ultra fashion- gewgaws, beads and bugles, jet /and
is the best that can be said for it. able. A woman chooses a certain type/ rhinestones, hanging cords, swinging
Its possibilities for evil are not | Of gown, the slippers to go with it, and | tassels, floating garlands, ineffectual
t ; the wrap. and then she orders half a! poses. She wore tailored suits on the
Hmited. Those who recognize that the | Gozen in different color combinations. | street made on mannish lines and a
neck line governs the appearance of Strange to say, the men indorse this certain cut of blouse that had been ar-
‘ & y, |
the face know full well the chances for, Plan of action more than one's fellow | an ae her "hai. ota Sime Fei
| women. Whenever it is told to a hus-| ures. She wore flat, plain hits, elimi-
Good and evil that rest in the collar of | jana or brother or any of the male! nated veils; also patent ‘leather shoes
oi Riese ta oe ' 1 | 8Pecies who pays or approves bills,| and pumps for the street.
ee os eb Sie bbe Henne ©" | there is a quick nod of approval and a/| fully worked up a tremendous contrast
blouses, as of books. No one can cavil rather patronizing compliment. Men| between her appearance on the street
at the paucity of these garments. Any have the idea that if women take up'and in the evening, but the general
shop in any town at any time {s apt | this form of apparel they show sense; | principle of her apparel ran like an
to confuse a woman with the multiple | and it is well to hearken to these men, | undercurrent through everything she
offerings hurled at her across the |

}for one of the strange things on this; put on.
counter the moment she asks to look | planet is that they are usually better | Unusual. She never bothers any more
at blouses. | judges of what a woman should wear | about whether or not she shall accept
These bits of the costume are the |than she is herself. It is for that rea-| this or that fashion. Her dressmaker
small change of the shopkeeper. They son that the men dréessmakers have | sees to it that the kind of gown she
are taken in and out of stock, off and| made a great success of the world. wants is ready for her.
on the counter, throughout the differ- | There is a well known story in smart Of course it takes money. There is
ent months of the year. They ffl in| girotes of a woman who spent large | the weakness in the whole structure,
spaces. They break the monotony of
business which arrives between the
periods of high pressure. It is not
true that what a woman wants she
can always get in this department of
dress, but it is overwhelmingly true
that whatever she says she wants is
answered by an avalanche of designs
offered to her as the best and the
latest.

Oh! if only there were a censor to
cut out forever from the vocabulary of
those who sell clothes the expression
“It is the newest thing!” Its constant
if repetition reminds one of the sugges-
i tion made by lan MacLaren that it
would be a good thing for the Uni-
versity of Edinburgh to have a chair |
of humor, for it would keep many a}

gowns made on a certain pattern, in
black, in white, in gray, in velvet, in
satin and in tulle. She elim!ngted

7

|

dry body out of the Presbyterian |
pulpit, . |
Out of the mass of women who

search for blouses at this time of
the vear, and who are very often se-
duced into buying the wrong thing
because they listen to the statement
that it is the “latest thing,” there

Ho care- |

Her comfort of mind has been |

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

At the left, Indian blouse o
dull blue kid embroidered

ver: The sash of red satin i
knotted in front.

in
pottery design of red and sil-

At the right
is a novelty blouse from Paris,

FEBRUARY 2, 1919. ¢

 

 

 

 

SSS

OMEN'S BLOUSES, EVER USEFUL, HARBINGERS OF SPRING

Tunic Modelled in Indian Style Loosely Belted and Worn With

Separate Skirt—Beauty of the Peplum Makes It the Popular
Shape—War Workers Revive Colored Linen Shirtwaist

 

copied in this country,
sively smart and better Iiked by cer-
tain well dressed women than the hip

the midwinter.

amazingly
sors

like her Indian predeces-
in this country.

  

£

Ss

are exces-; are chosen,

and on dark surfaces
there is an ornamentation such as
the Indians put on their pottery. Take

blouses of caracul cloth worn during|a@ dark blue kid tunic worn with a

black velveteen skirt, have it orna-

These kid tunics make a woman look | Mented in a pottery design in yellow

and black and a thread of dull red,

Colored skins| and you get an exceedingly ingenious

costume,

The milliners are quite willing to
match up these kid tunics with tur-
bans and the Woman who likes to look
like an Indian chooses a turban, not
in kid but in taffeta, wRh upstanding
quills painted at the tips.

France, having accepted the tunic
blouse as something of her own in-

vention, far more desirable than the)

American shirtwaist,
play little tunes on the theme,
of these novel touches are not quite
desirable to the American eye. One
isn’t sure that going about with a
pack of playing cards printed in col-
ors on the surface of a tunic is liv-
ing up to the requirements of a well
dressed woman. There is a bit too
much novelty about this; but it is

has begun to
Some

Indian blouse, however, has far finer
possibilities and proves a closer kin-
ship to art.

It cannot be said that the revival of

 

SOME NEW RECIPES

semi-precious lace and batlste collars
is a new stroke in neck ornamentation,
but it js a delightful fact and gains an
appreciative hearing, whether new or

old. We are heartily tired of colla:
less necks. We are tired of upstand
ing, outstanding ecollars. We want

something that is becoming ana takes
away the often hard lines from the
neck, face and chin of a woman
over 30.

The lace collar surely does that. Its
revival was told in this department
fully three months ago, but the ma-
jority of shopkeepers and blouse mak-
ers turned their backs upon the fash-
jon. Even up until this day dress-
makers will tell women that the bare
neckline is the latest thing. But the
French blouses, as well as the very
best from smart American

houses

where one pays $125 for a waist, show
V shaped or square collars of embrvid-
ered batiste or handsome lace, such os

Belgian point, Cluny or old Honiton

| Iris lace, Venetian point and filet are
| disntissed.
Every woman does not wear this

kind of collar. She is either opposed
to it or. hasn't yet made up her mind
about it, so only the occasional smart
blouse shows the revival of a fashion
of another day.

 

FOR PEACE CAKES

WO cups jugar, two-thirds cup
| butter, one cup sweet milk,
three cups flour, three eggs

three teaspoons baking powder, one

FR LT et On NA RO OREN eS

? which are not expressive of their type.
+ Naturally, it would not be possible for |
the shops, great and small, to keep a
limited line of blouses which some
buyers have chosen for reasons good |
dnd true, for thousands o1 women
buy a blouse as they buy a dug—with
little actual knowledge of its good or ~
bad points; they take the word of .
some one else and let it go at that Blouse of banana colored satin embroi- :
These women bring money to a shop, * be
ghd they insiat upon variety dered in navy blue and worn over a blue vel aiid
' Out of this capricicusness arise mil! | _veteen skirt. There is an apron front that .
ions of ill-dressed women, Variety; extends over the skirt, and sash, embroi-
may be the spice of life, but it !8| dered in blue, that ties in back.
rarely the spice of dress,* The woman |
who knows her type and sticks to | ms of money on her clothes but was| The woman of average income has to
it Is the one who gets ahead above | over satisfied with them. Her hus-| work very hard to achieve such suc-
her fellow women, after the fashion | band paid the bills ungrudgingly. but/cess. But the episode is worth repeat-
of the asps in a Grecian urn. |did not approve of her costumes.| ing, because it may fall upon a wor-
The individualist, therefore, does not | Finally, when thé war had caused| ried mind as‘a healing suggestion.
as a rule 80 to the large shops for her every one to eliminate the non-essen-| Of course there are new fashions!
blouses She goes to those, certain | tials in mental as well as physical ac-{ in the blouses this spring. They have
small places that rest their fame on | tivities, she went to him and said: “I] been shown to women; they have
giving these women what they desire. | have made a failure of my costumes} been purchased for the unusually large
Here there is no persuasive siren calls | for twenty years, and you have been a| exodus to the South, and they will
to buy something different from the brick about paying for them. I am/ appeal to the majority of women dur-
last thing one bought. A woman does | jpritated beyond Badirance with the | ing the next four weeks, when one’s
not have to go shopping with a bit Of | whole question of choosing clothes.| thoughts turn to the rehabilitation of |
cotton to stop ler ears. he orders | Now I pul it into your hands. You are | the winter wardrobe or the acquisi-
her blouses for sports, for tailored suits | alleged to be an almost superhuman] tion of a new one.
and for indoor wear on the same lines organizer, Turn your attention to my There is no more paucity of inven-
j year in and year out. They may differ | wardrobe, organize it, and I will abide| tion in blouses this year than last.
giz in detail; they may be of different by your decision for a year.” France and America have both done

 
 
    
    
  
  

arise a few wonten who really know
what they want in blouses and who
get it. Many know what they want
in life, but few achieve it, which is
an old bit of philosophy .that applies
to the art of apparel.

Certain shops rest firmly on this
foundation of the individualist's,in-
sistence upon having exactly what she
wishes. Some shopkeepers have been
able to buy country houses and motor |
cars through catering to this class of |
women, and not trying to persuade !
them into buying a host of things |

fabric; they may accept a new color!
scheme, but-they remain true to type

The same pattern is used; the same
neck line is indorsed; the sleeves are

eut with the same curves. These
women do not wish variety. They are
not capricious. They have studied!
their style, their needs, their oppor-

tunities in work and in play, and they
have rnade a definite decision concern- |

A WOMAN'S SHRINE

has some little
nook somewhere that is more

i replete with her personality,

than any other place—a little shrine
of personality, if you will. It is the
place where she does her planningy the
place where she fetls most at home,
her place of dreams and aspirations,
the place that reflects most that wom-
an's personality and individuality. To
the woman whose chief interest in life
is writing, no doubt that place is the}
desk where she labors to put into com- |
municable form her thoughts and /deas,
To the woman whose best thoughts
and efforts go into/-housewifery it may
be some nook in her kitchen. To a
hostess of sume types it is no doubt
the tea table in her own drawing room,
where she feels more at home than;
anywhere clse in the world. To many
a woman of the most feminine rove
this little shrine place is—it must be
admitted—the place of her owh dress- |
ing table.

A well known moving picture ac-
tress the other day remarked that it
was at her dressing table that she,
worked out all her roles, because it was |
when seated at her own dressing table |
that she was best able to collect her-|
self and do her best thinking.’ She.
therefore spent hours at her dressing |
table. There she studied her own facial |
expression because that was necessary
to her work, and there she planned and
dreamed.

Don't imagine that this

VERY woman

 

dressing

_

| dressing table, On the contrary, it was |

| Will, that she sometimes liked to handle

 

 

He accepted the proposition. She was
quiescent. She did the actual choosing,
but he organized the type of clothes
she was to wear, and the financial ex-
penditures. She has never been so well
dressed. She not only acknowledges
it but all her friends praise him more
for this dee@ than for putting tremend-
ous corporations on their feet.

It would take too much space to tell

 

table was just a stereotyped sort of

fairly saturated with this actress's |
personality, for this actress, like many |
other women, had sought to express
her personality in the very design of
the dressing table and in its acces-
sories, The pictures hung on the wall|
near to the dressing table were some
that were expecially dear to her. There
were little objec on the table that
brought her comfort—little toys, if you

 

and touch as she worked out one of
her roles—a little modelled elephant
and a fat little porcelain Buddha.

The day, of the stereotyped dressing
table, if not actually past, at least
ought to be, because !t is such an in-
teresting task to put personality in it.
There are some women whose tempera-
ment is best expressed in a dressing
table all fussed up with old rose silk |
and gold braid, a rather commonplace
French affair. There are others whv
find their best inspiration ata severely
plain, studiously simple dressing table
of Queen Anne design. There are
others, like the little lady in the sketch,
who seek their inspiration in acces- |
sories Japanese and never dress to bet-
ter advantage than when snothed by
the swect aroma of some Japanese in-
eense burner.

But the dressing table of the girl of
1919 is not merely a show place. It
must be essentially designed and placed
for service. It is an absurdity if it is no*
first and foremost a place where one
can dress one's hair, manicure one’s
nails and do other essential primping.

 

which has printed face cards in
red, black and yellow on the
surface. It is held in at the
waist with a black cord weight-

teaspoon lemon extract. Bake half the
dough in two layers, and to the other
add one tablespoon molasses, one cup

[Baek cloves and nutmeg. Bake in two

layers and put together with alternate

layers of the white cake and frosting
Angel’s Food,

 

Beat the whites of twelve eggs until!
very light. Mix and beat«well for five
minutes. Take one and a half cups of
granulated sugar, sifted once. Stir

a fashion, and as such must be re-!
ported and should be discussed. The

‘chopped and seeded raisins, one-half | Sently into the eggs, then add one

 

with a narrow skirt of blac
woolen velvet.

their best
riety that

and it
evil

is In this vast va-
possibjlities le If

\ women could be trained to regard the

blouse as something (ata) unless well
chosen they woul@&go about the busi-
ness of getting together half a dozen
with the precaution and precision
necessary when walking on ice. They
would not buy Georgette because it is
fashionable, tomato red because it was
the style, nor would they choose gal-
loon embroidery, shoe lace braiding or
brass buttons because the designers
had chosen to exploit these caprices.
They would go among all the masses
of waists with the precision of a bird
flying to its nest. They would take

the nearest straight ling to what they |

want. If they did not find it they
would go elsewhere; if it was not to
be found in the shops they would have
it made by a specialist or a seam-
stress from a well considered pat-
tern

As long as this method of buying
| blouses is the true one any other
method is waste of time and money.
| What is gained by paying five dollars
for a ten dollar blouse if it
fifty dollar suit?

Why pick up some-

thing that is new to wear with some- |

thing that is old when the two have
nothing in common? Why not carry
an organized mind to the section of
| blouses and remember that square
| Pess will never go into round huies?
The part of the blouse that is very
|often fatal is the collar. There are
| few women who can stand more than

Peplum blouse of heavy black satin, with wide flat collar of
fine cream lace. The hem iszturned under to form a puff, :

ed with a tassel, and ig worn

spoils a |

  

k

|two types of neck line, A woman
(should not rebel against this verdict.
{She should accept it and
nate trouble... She should not experi-
Ment with blouses that do not carry
either one of these necklines. She
must remember that no blouse is
worth its price if it hasn't the kind of
‘Ollar that offsets the neck line of her
oat. She must also take well into

msideration the difference between a
| blouse which is to be worn as a part
of a costume topped by a fur or cloth

thus elimi-

;coat and one that is merely a shirt-
waist and part of a tailored suit.
These are not all the requirements |

l for success in buying blouses Al
; Woman must have, or must acquire, al
j true knowledge of the juxtaposition of |
; fabrics. She must know what mate-
| rial in a blouse goes best with the ma- |
j terial of her suit or her separate skirt |
;and top coat. For instance: Georgette, |
‘beaded in a bold design, does not ia
G&ith a homespun or a cheviot suit.
That is merely one €xampie out of a
dozen or two others that could easily
be enumerated

' The truth about georgette—which is

worth repeating because the fabric

    

 

i'plays so dominant a role in separate vi
| blouses this year-—-is that it looks far HS
| better as part of a costume than‘as an nr |
jaddition to a coat suit. As a peplum aS KI
iblouse worn with a skirt of its own| ce

; color, or in harmonious contrast to it, |
{it is very good; not as good as me

me

for silk jersey, but commendable. It
| may be ornamented, if one can adopt
that type of blouse, and even trimmed
with beads, which is a debatable form
of ornamentation on a separate gar-
ment but not impossilde for certain |
types of women,

Because of the adoption of uniforms
through the war there is a strong re-
crudescence of the tailored linen shirt- =e ,
j Walst for women, especially in horizon Cuffs of cygnea, an imitation
j blue, shrimp pink and dead white edged pleated skirt is horizon blue.
j with color. These have tucked fronts,
llong plain sleeves, regulation arm- >
| holes, turnover cuffs with link buttons, | —
and the collar of a French student of |
ithe Second Empire.

Women have found that a rolling
collar with a slight bit of starch, worn |
j with a cravat, is an attractive neck-
line. Only the very young woman with|such a color carries fashion's immedi-
a slim, smooth neck can attempt the | ate favor, but to know just what color
high turnover collar, either starched or| that color goes with to conform with
soft. Below a face that shows the|the canons of smartness. And really
marks of time this collar is impossible. jin designing your new frocks if you

When the French designers made’ have settled the matter of color com-
the peplum blouse and then sat back bination you have accomplished quite
in watchful waiting for its success,/a little. For color combinations that
which took long to come, they created} would be impossible one season have,

oo
a.
Le
“ter 2 A

oA

 

 

 

HE trick

colors

is In knowing what
combine, It is not

enough to know that such and

something that was very worth while.| because they are stamped with the
American women see the light to-day, approval of some great dressmaker
and they grasp with eagerness the or through some association of the

possibilities of this outside tunic blouse, | times, taken first place among combi-
It is difficult to persuade a certain’ nations that are distinctly possible.
set of women that there are other) At the present time Paris

types of blouses. Nothing cou'd in-!stamped with her approval combina-

duce them to return to the kind that!tjons of metallic hue and almost any
Thus many of

tucks in under the skirt belt
feel they have eliminated this awk-
ward line around the middle of the
body, and they choose all their blouses
after the tunic pattern, whether for
tailored suits or for service with a
separate ekirt under a fur coat.

It is sometimes permitted to tuck
the back of the blouse under the
skirt, provided there is a front panel
that drops, apronwise, below the
waist, and an ornamental belt which
runs from each side of it to the back.

They | color on the calendar

 

      
      
       
     
   
     
       
     
   
         
 

WOMEN SHAVE
‘ UNKNOWINGLY

When you only remove hatr
from the surface of the skim the
result is the same as shaving. The
only common-sense way to remove

  

  

This is the most ingenious compro- pele is te attocs it uader the skin.
: eMiracle, e eriginal « ar
pee neeerees the new and the old Hauld, 4 + this br nbeoree y

 

Only genuine DeMiracle has a
ik guarantee im each
At tollet counters tn G0c.
2 aizes, or Dy mall from
us in plain wrapper on receipt of

Fabrics are now chosen fer these
tuniclike garments that have never
been considered in the making of
short shirtwaists, Kid, for instance.

  
   

price.
That is a material unheard of among wd beets matled im plain
the weavers as part and parcel of|] }ale@ emvelope om request. De-
women’s apparel. Yet: t'e new kid wisocin, 180th St. and Park Ave,,

 

peer tr

tunic blouses, sent from France and

Oe heapetietd

[RICKS IN COMBINING COLORS

cup currants, small piece chopped
citron and one teaspoon each of cinna-

    
     
 

  

Slipover sport blouse of yellow corduroy, with collar ane

of swansdown. The accordion

the smartest new ribbons show silve
or gold threads running one way with
the colored threads running the other
These are used extensively in connec
tion with the new evening frocks
Antong the interesting ones are gold
nd brown, gold with a bright bluc
and silver with emerald green. Such
a ribbon would, of course, give the key
to the color scheme of the evening
frock on which it was used.
|

Pale blue georgette over yellow is a
color combination seen in some of the
newest lingerie. The effect is a rather
vague green. For the young woman
; With complexion fair and clear such a
color combination would have great
charm in an evening frock.

Henna may be on the wane but it
has attached some interest to itself
even on the wane in a house gown in
which it {s combined with mustard
yellow. Now this doesn't sound very
pretty, and perhaps it is isn’t pretty,
but interesting it is and it carries with
it a distinct impression of smartness.

 

Another color combination that isn't
pretty but that has the “right” look to
it ts violet and brick. Some shddes of
brown are used with a vivid red in
some of the eventhg hats in Paris and

; though brown and red would to most
persons seem to be a very unlovely
combination, this carries the seal of
fashion’s approval. Cream and cerise
are interestingly combined in one of
the new foulards and this might sug-
‘est a-color scheme for an afternoon
frock of considerable distinction,

heaping cup of flour. Sift flour three
times before measuring; then add one
tablespoow cream of tartar and
| 48ain. Add one tablespoon almond
flavoring. Bake in an ungreased pan
| (the bottom of which has been lined
| With paper) for one hour in moderate
| oven.

sift

Make a cap of paper for top of
the pan. Remove the paper to brown
ithe top. When done, turn it upside

| down on a rest, so air can pass under
jit, and let it remain until cold.

Icing: One pint granulated sugar,
one pint water; boil until the consis-
tency of mucilage. When warm tothe
| finger add almond flavoring and beat

{ until creamy.

Tea Cakes,

Tea cakes are the time honor:
1eens of patty cakes. To make t
eam a cup of butter with twic:
uch sugar. Beat four eggs s
tely and add the yolks to the |

ad sugar, beating well. Grad
id a cup of milk and three and a f

243833 aQ

ips of sifted flour mixed wit f
teaspoon of salt, a teaspron 4
uarter of cream of tartar and ra
aspoon of soda. Stir in a cy ‘
alf of mixed raisins, « t
hopped citron and almonds; tod in
he beaten whites and boke in buttered
ins. Sprinkle with powdered si
hese little cakes are best when « 1
‘esh, although the fruit and nuts
‘ake it possible to keep them in good

ondition for some time.
Devil's Food,

Two cups of dark brown sugar
alf cup of butter, two cups of ff

vo eggs, one-half cup sour milk one
mall teaspoon soda, one-fourt! ,
hocolate. Pour over thig one-half )

Ojling water and
‘lavor with vanilis
Icing: Use two tablespoons «
Nickened = with
‘lavor with vanilla.
vhile warm.
Marble Cake,

Marble cake is made of two cile
nixtures, om dai and one Heht. First
yne Sort and then the other is ; int
he pan by the spoonful The
hould be baked in two small jonas
me large one It may be mac: ’
1 sort of ribbon cake ff two layer f

| he light mixture and two of t
| re baked and the four
|

Qo sMal pin
Bake in on

 

pulverized = s
Spread ove: ¢

are
ether with layers of jelly The
ixture is made in this was
he yolks of four eggs, and ad
of brown sugar, half a cu
‘asses, half a cup of butter, halt
of milk, a teaspoon cach of
cloves, cinnamon nutmeg ar
& cup and.a half of sifted fi
teaspoon of sofa dissolved i:
of the sour milk. To make |
hatter beat the whites of four
Cream a cup of granulated suvar
a half a cup of butter, add half
of sweet milk, two teaspoons of
ing powder,

|
feiftoaia

 

 

  

4

 

two and a hale cur s
=n

7 AN® tha hartan a

— - —- - - = Ss Late es —
| /<:0nstnSnEaneEEebsnennnemeeenssenmnsenere=s
HOW TO JUDGE A’ WOMAN |
BY HER HAIR

 
     

There is real common sense i)
noticing whether the hair is ws
to judge of a woman's neatne:

ood taste. If you are one
ew who try to make the
your hair, remember that it
advisable to wash the hair wit
cleanser made for all purposes
always use some good shampoo
can enjoy the very best by y»
some camhrox frem your dr
dissolve a teaspoonful in a
hot water. This makes a

of shampoo liquid, enough so
easy to apply it to all the hats

of just the top of the head
druff, excess oil, and dirt
solved and entirely disappe:
hair will be so fluffy that it will
much heavier than it is. Its Juste:
fsoftness will also delight you
| wh stimulated scalp gains the }

ni

which insures hair growth.— Adv.

 

  

 

‘

amet Vad

z
{