‘ ,

7 / 4 THE SUN, SUNDAY,
One Piece Dress to Stay,
| With Taffeta Ideal Stuff

bon crushed around and tied simply at!
one side. The shirtwaist bodice has a)
round low neck with batiste frills,

 

 

Odd Color Combinations and Much

  

Embroidery Still

Ruling in Spring

Models Now of View

 

By MARTHA GOODE ANDERSON. | tight skirt and by setting a tiny flut-

HD one piece dress seems to be
more in favor than ever. It is
appearing at thie time in ne
that is, fabrics which seem
w in that we have not used them for
» fone.

+

Taffeta, for instance, is one
“he newest one piece utility frocks are
of black taffeta, Now the making of
. frock of black silk of any sort is an
ort in itself, as no other color gives
just the middle aged sedate appearance
that the black silk frock has. Espe-
cially {s this true of black taffeta, as
his silk too often has a shiny surface
vhich is not,pretty at all and most
ficult to Treated

wear cleverly,

iowever, tack taffeta pives its reward

frock answering all needs and ap-
uing at advantage always.
Thus we find these newest spring
With fow
tlons the chemise dress ig the favored
model, but with variations. Few of
these straight chemise models are now

seen without belts of some sort, and

ne plece dresses, excep-

ing or quilling of the silk above this.
These fluted ruffies, be is known, are
distinctly new! and along with them

Wi come the double and triple box quills |

| finishing skirt hems and tunies and
all panniers, which also are here again.
Now the pannier takes two forms, |
| that ot draping at the hips or lying
straight around the waist in a short
| ripple much as the tafl of the chemise
blouses appeared earlier in the fall.
|Only extraordinarily slender figures
|cCan carry off this frilly effect about
; the waist line, but panniers are not al-
ways difficult even for the very stout,
as they rather take away the large,
thick look through the hips and con-
centrate attention on themselves.

| Safest for Average Figares,

Without
Straight
erage

clever

doubt, though, the jong,
tunies are safest for the av-
run of figures, and now that the
makers have found a way of
adjusting the long and loose effect to
all figures by these beautiful and be- |
coming belts it is safe to predict an

| frock.

| The tricolette and tricotine frocks

and those of other knitted materials,

{either of silk ar wool, have not lost

generally these take the form of wide | their popularity and are here again in

irdles or sashes, often combined of |80me new colors.

one or more colors. The effect of the
olor combinations is very pleasing.
On one of the black taffeta dreases
of which L have been speaking there
ppears a sash at least twelve iAches
vide, made of two pleces of Frénch
jue ribbon with a soft lavender shade
etween the top and bottom pieces, Of
course the wide belt crushes in good

folds about the waist and does not
break the long line of the chemise
frock.

Great Tendency tor Triniming.

I observe over and over the temdency
to trim, ornament, embroider and
otherwise embellish all fabrics and
am not surprised, thereforé, to come
across a black taffeta dress with its
lower tuni¢ made entirely of eyelet
/mbroidery done ‘in black silk thread.
This also has a wide girdle of two

jJors, which fn this instance reveals
jack with an entre deux bahd of
sold and black.

Of course tho skirt is nvuch longer
than those we have had and, at that,
mueh tighter about the ankles. In-
deed, the very first thing which strikes
ne in looking over the spring modes
is this extraordinarily narrow effect
about the ankles. In many instances
t has been achieved by a slightly
wathered effect along the bottom of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

There are few
| Changes as to lines and designs, as the
narrow, tight skirts with the long
| tunics are still favored, the upper part
of these tunics being of almost shirt-
waist plainness. Redingotes these re-
semble, that long,
long ago.
Buttoning up the back is the new-
est departure, but these, I am sure, !
will be left more largely to the younger
| generation. Whatever the design, there
seems to be an effort to make a plain, |

| unrivalled preference for this type
tight’ garment *

tight fitting bodice with narrow shoul- |
,ders and the straight, long sleeves of |
our grandmothers’ day. |
Foulard is about to have a flurry |
| awadn, especially the satin foulards
with the oyster white backgrounds
| overrun with rings, scrolls, dots and
garlands of blue. As this sort of ma-
j terial is ornate in itself, the tendency
|} for extra trimming is less peondunced
{On the chemise dresses made of this
|silk. In fact, one might almost call the
foulard frocks thus far brought out
shirtwaist dresses, for they have the
simple dignity of that type of frock.

Of Schoolgirl Simplicity.

One, for example, is of almost school-
girl simplicity with a narrow tunic
over a tight petticoat underneath and
made of dark blue moire. At the waltst
there is a sash of dark blue moire rib-

 

Continued from Second Page, | Red Cross overseas for two years, re-!
<<a cialeanatinoenit {turning only after being wounded by |

Anna M, Finley

3. Carbin and Mrs
There will be prizes for each table.
Meleetic Club will hold {ta first meet-

German bombs and in the hospital six |

; months in France.

 

A charity ball for the benefit of the

; has become of all the whale boning,

 

knife pleated and edged with narrow |
valenciennes, the same frills appearing |
in the three-quarter sleeves.

A delightful material, which is sister
to this foulard with its scrolls and |
ornamented surface, is the printed |
georgette. Last year this sort of frock
was not ubiquitous like the self-toned
dresses of georgette, relieved only by
the endless panels and bandings of self-
toned beads. This year, however, it
bids fair to tell another story, as |
orinted georgette is charmingly woven
in colors and d-signs almost irresisti-
ble.

Again, an old atyle becomes new, for
many of these thin, supple frocks show
accordeon pleated tunics softiy draped
over the underskirt of a plain and
more subdued fabric. As they are like
the foulards—ornamental enough in
themselveg—there is little need for
extra trimming, and one rarely sees
more than a sash of two colors set
against their figured backgrounds and
giving tone and character. Nothing ts

 

| more serviceable than a dress of this

sort, It is suitable for almost every
occasion in warm weather, as it is
neither too elaborate nor yet not elw-
orate envugh, ‘

As the spring days advance we will
begin to realize that this ia to be a

{silk year—certainly if all the indica-

tions speak truly it will undoubtedly
be one. And we can see a return of
the taffeta frocks of some seasons
ago, with a combination of georgette
and these printed fabrics almost sup-
planting the thinner satins and crépes
which have been with us now so very
long. Of course, J mean that the silk
frock is the one which will practical'y
supplant the others for the utility
frock. Since we have come to realize
that our shirtwalsts, however beautl-
ful,(are not always the most appro-
priate things to wear we have rushed |
frantically into these one piece affairs |
until one would trave} far without
finding a feminine wardrobe minus.
It is a distinct departure from the
days of basgues and bodices and
waists. And by the same token what

the casings and the seam bindings and
endless intricacies which made the
home dréssmaker's task so monumen-
tal and so HfMficult? The tnside of our
dresses these days are of extreme sim-
plicity, thanks be!

Linings Made “imple Now,

A simple silk band of varying width
ig placed around the figure, a still sim-
pler lining for the bodice of a soft
China silk, a bit of lace whipped |

around the low neck and siecves of this
inner lining, sufficient fasteners placed
down the front or back

as the case |

 

 

ing since the death of its late president,y Knights of Columbus will be given atyyesterday in the ballroom of the Hotel

Miss Florence Guernsey,
!2 at the Waldorf-Astoria.

on

February | Madison Square Garden on February 24,
Mrs.. Albert | The ball will be under the auspices of a/ tirely of compositions of Charles Gilbert

Canfield Bage has been elected to fill | non-sectarian women's auxiliary, with Spross, and the artists were Louise Hub-

the

unexpired term
guernsey,

of the

late Miss|

 

Miss Blizabeth Marbury as head. It]

 

 

 

 

  

 

es
-
.
>

ee

FEBRUARY 2,. 1919.

darky sali, not a woman

bought a trinket or a frip-
pery or a furbelow, and few shops
showed the delightful trifies so dear
to the fomjnine heart and so pleasing
to behold.
emphasized the return to a pre-war
status as the revival of all of these
gay accessories
shops which fill our great cities,

And these little things have not re-
thrned timidly and appealingly as if
uncertain of their reception, but boldly,
flauntingly and endleasly—like our
{feather fans, for example, How won-
derful they are and how much charm
these waving glories of ostrich feath-

lere add to our evening kaleidoscopes
of color by their added splotch of
brilliant and vivid hue against the

lights of ballrooms and the soft tones
of party dresses.

Of course the beautiful things mount
up into hundreds of dollars, but every
woman knows how quickly frds of
this sort pass and contents herself
with one of the beautiful fans at $22,
{or even one for less. They are huge—
| large is too small a word—for the little
softly curling feathers are left
j length on their “atem,” shall T eall it,
|} mounted on amber, ivory, pearl or
,eandalwood sticks. The colors are of

green, canary and, now and then, the
new henna.

Gaudy Beads Popelar Toe.

Now more of the world’s history has
been wrought by fans than either you
or I would dare to think, and one
thing is certain in this year of almost
peace, to be a la mode one must wave

on ee, ee

 

 

. ;
may be. And here we have a lining | A frock of red tricolette and one of black taffeta. i
accomplished in much less than half |
the time it used to take, for as a rule | pticity of making from the French and |{ own clothes or buy them ready made
only two seams, one under each arm, |} they have learned how to achieve the | to decide which they prefer, but I meee oe
appear. On this waist band are draped | maximum of effect with the minimum | think every one halls with Joy all that a
skirt and bodice—and there you are! of labor. IT leave it to the various] simplifies the complicated existence of | \
_it 1s said we have learned this sim- | types of women who either make their | to-day ar
onsen ————————S ae oS — eee etemecmenaane Saanceaseoeaa }
{
OF THE \W EN’S CLUBS
°
Herbert Crawford, Mrs. N. P. Schwerin) musi nd poetry Mesa. Clarinda Smit! Among ! iinner guests were Miss
and Mra. William J. de Rivera. }was the chairman \. Bollaert ul Claire Te nt, Misy Ceeil Picard, Mies
-_ {some of } poems in French: Orphes s Miss Helen Gould, Misa
The New York Mozart Society, Mrs, | Langevin, tener, sang folk songs of Marie Meadows, Miss Genevieve Barker,
Noble McConnell president, held its; France and Alsace-Lorraine, and Hyer-| Licuts. J. Sanford Peck, James Morton
fourth afternoon musicale of the geason| bert Mortimer Hanks read original |and Thomas Raymond, ]r. Thomas
poems and stories, }ituches, Ensign Charles Robinson and
Astor, The programme consisted en- iad ;Andrew Simmons. The dinner was fol-
Nubdinstein Club, Mrs. William Rog-j) lowed by dancing, to which about fifty
ers Chapman president, held a carnival extra guests were Invited.

bard, Lulu Cornu, Joseph Mathieu and!

 

entertainment on Tuesday evening on

Wil cooperate with forty-two councils in; Wilfred Glenn, with Mr. Spross at the} the roof of the Waldorf-Astoria. It wa

At the meeting next week Mrs. Dar-| this city, and the proceeds from the; piano, 2 @& costume dance and faney caps were
win Walter Truss will*be chairman of] ball witil be used for the relief of all The guests were received by Mrs, Me- {distributed as favors when the grand
‘he day and the musical programme | turned soldiers and thetr families. Connell and her committee, on which! march started. For those not caring to
.!] be {n charge of Mrs, Charles G.| Some of those Interested in the auc-} were Mrs Henry C. Hawkins, chair-|dance a room was set aside for card
Hraxmar cess of it are Mrs, Otto H. Kahn, Mrs.| man; Mias Elsie Bickman, Mrs. Lyman ganes

The ofMflcets of the club, in addition| Mortimer L, Schiff, Miss Maude Wet-{ D. Post, Mrs. Jonu Kurrus, Mrs. William! ©n the carnival committee were Mrs

to Mrs,
first vice-president; Mrs. Richard. Rod-
riquez,

T. Weston,

third

Mrs, Frederick R., Lee, treasurer, and
Mrs. Richard W, Eljifott, recording sec-
retary.

     

 

Bage, are Mrs, E, PD. Arnold,| more, Miss Elsie de Wolfe, Mrs. Henry} H. Agricola, Mrs. Harry Archer,
{Clews, Mrs. W. Bourke Cockran, Mrs.

second vice-president; Mrs. Al-| E. Henry Harriman, Mrs. Enrico Caruso,| Kutts, Miss Madeleine E. Berkman, Mrs.| Sch
vice-president ;} Mrs.

!Smith, Mrs. Ogden Goelet, Mrs. Oliver

Simon Baruch, Mrs. Alfred EF. !

 

Harriman and Mrs. M. Orme Wilson.

 

Mrs. Lewis Nixon on Tuesday eve-

Women's Democratic League of

| |M. Louise Enhaus, Mra, Robert W. Ed-
Athene Club, Mrs. Katherine A. Mar- | Ding entertained the members of the,

Mrs. |

3ertram Hl. Billman, Mrs. Ww

George
Douglas BK. Boag, Mrs. Frederic A]
Brooke, Mra. Henry W. Chatfleld, Mrs
Robert Nicoll Clyda, Mrs. Arthur A
Colebrook, Miss Marte Cecilia Carr, Mrs.

 

aren, Mrs. Horace G. Hart, Mrs. William |

   
  

Charlies Augustine HRobtnson, Mrs
erick Clarki Brown, Mrs. iustave G
k, Mrs™ Fannie R. Smith, Mrs. Eud-
ward M. Maag, Mrs. W. R. Reyno
Mrs. Marion Zabriskte, Mrs \v It
Perry, Mra. J. W. Simpson, Mrs. Clin
ton M. Field, Mra. W. H. Wallace, Mre
Lester H. Bond, Mrs. Rufus L. Cowing
Mrs. Charles G. Braxmar, Mrs. John G

Fred-

  

ds

 

   

dn a y ts next the; T. Holt, Miag A. Victoria Hewitt, Miss|(iulick, Mrs. W. F, Keefe, Mrs. A. C
a Fae Ree ia Thurs, | State of New York, of which Mrs. John | Charlotte H. Irving, Mrs. Florence Fos-{ Uridges, Mrs. J. Hedden, Mrs, H. G. |
ss the SWeidonteAstoria. Mise Sherwin Crosby is president, at the/¢ter Jenkins, Mies Carrie I. Lee, Mra.| Holch and Mrs W. G. Coghill
en Keller, the famous blind, deaf|!xon home tn East Fifty-third street.) Frank Loughrang Mrs, John Lyttleton) Un the floor committee were George
‘ \dL Be one of the guests of! Lewis Nixon introduced the speakers,! Lyon, Mrs. Frederick L. Melis, Miss Mar-| Molerson, chairman; Witham Thorne
* wit coe oS ee inthseatiie ads who included Mayor Hylan, George Gor- garet J. McCooey, Mra. Newell D. Par-| Matthews, W. G. Moore and Lester W
Her teacher, Mrs, Annie Sullivan 2) Baile, Judge Jaines Allen, Judge; ker, Mrs. Frank Gi. Schaibie, Mrs. timma | 2©
Will algo be present. Others who peo Nee T. Mahony, Miss Sophie Irene; ¥. Seaman and Mrs. Fdwin H. Strat-;, Tie fourth musical of the clube will
make addresses are Trevelyan Sie | ree? rs, Ella Hastings and Mrs.) gorg, | fe held on February 15 and will be fo

1 D., historian and author: Joe
Farnham, publisher of the Harpoon;
edwin Liebfried and Mrs, Myra
gman Millar, president of the

3 will include Miss Grace Niemann,

1a s

ber of the club.

 

Mrs. George W. Becker is the
nts ald,

 
 

‘he club will give @ large reception) yirs, Alice ©.

‘yr | dance for the officers and men in the
rvice on the evening of March 1 at the
It will be under the chairman-

p of Mrs. Frank K. Brewster.

———

., Mme Aida Tantni
will have its next
musicale on Saturday at the
aza. The artists will be Miss
iiier, soprano:
llugo Gigante, violinist, and. the
thoven Choral, which will be heard
t songs under the direction of
Koemmerich. Harold Osborn-

1 ill be the accompanist.

 

ernoon
elt
ra i

  

Na- |
s . | Among the more than 300 r
al Federation of College Women, The ip an - aw

{and Miss Hylan, Mra, O. H, P. Belmont.

daughter of Mrs, JP. Niemann, | vrs.

MM. Elizabeth! Jonn Robert Mi
Varker is chairman of the luncheon,| yr and Mrs. A. E

Mrs. Charles F, Lembke of the re |

Hugo Hulter, bary- |

A twelve piece orchestra played dur-

‘ing the evening and there was dancing.

A buffet luncheon was served,

r. and Mrs, Simon Baruch, Mra, Hylan

a
Randolph Hearst, Mra. |
Her, Miss Mary BK. Hart, |
mil Skoog, Mrs. Cor-
nelius Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs, Charles
Alexander, Mr. and Mra. John O'Leary,
Mrs, P, G. Grant, Mrs, John J. Kenmedy,
Kraft, Miss Rose Helen
Fay, Mrs. Charles K. Mills, Miss Ruth
Ross, Mrs. Mildred Schemerhorn. Mrs.
John E. Quinn and Miss Martha Deylin.

Mrs. Belle de Rivera, founder and
honorary president of the New York
City Federation of Women's Clubs, en-
| tertnained the board of directors of the
Federation at their lust meeting on Fri-

William

day at the Hotel Astor.
| The annual cenvention of the City
Federation will be held on Friday at}

the Hotel Astor, It will be the forty-
;elehth, will be held itn the grand ball-

 

A naval ball will be given at the
Hotel Marseilles for men jin uniform to- |
morrow evening, especially those of the

United States Coast Guard, by Mrs. Jane |

Stannard Johnson, until fecently sevre- |
tary of the division of filme of the |
Committee on Public Information at

Washington.

In her visits to the ¢amps and tn her
patriotic work of giving the Thursday
night dances for the Coast Guard every
week at their naval station Mrs. John-
son has become interested in tho social
life of the men tn uniform, Mre. John-
8on has {nvited about 120 guests to her
dance, for which the Marseilles manage-

ment hag furnished tYe ballroom, and}
a noted soloist will sing as a fi ature |
of the occasion, '

Among those who will assist in re- |
@elving will te Mrs. (Tinton N. Field, |

Miss Stillwell, Miss Abble Tillotson and

Lieut. MoEINgott, commander of the}
Sixth Company, United States Coust
Guard, Capt. Covell, ald to Capt. God-

frey L. Carden, commander of the port
of New York, will be praesent to assist

The | room and will bean all day session, There | jn making things happy for the men in|

gramme will be followed by dancing. | W!!l be an election, luncheon and eve-] uniform.

lub will hold a St. Valentine's
t the Plaza on February 14, The
mbia qollege Glee Club will sing
evening and there will be
number dances with prizes,
for the benefit of its war
ind will be given by the daugh-
{ Indiana, Miss Mary Garrett Hay
on the afternoon of ®ebruary
Hotel Astor. The knitting
iittee of the club meeta every Tues-
afternoon, with Miss Susan M.
ain at her studio In Carnegie Hall,
recently elected officers of the club

‘oa

the

rd party
\

t the

} ning reception,

 

Plejadés Club will have a theatre party
on Tuesday evening. The play selected |
| is “Keep It to Yourself,” at the Thirty-|
; ninth Street Theatre. Edward F, Foley
is chairman of the arrangements.

The club will have its first dinner thie
evening at its new meeting place, Reis-;
enweber's, Columbus Circle, when it Is)
expected that all the members will be.
present. For years the club has met at
the Hotel Brevoort, but at a recent!

| meeting it was decided tw move further
{up town, and Reisenweber’s was selected,

 

Mre. William Gerry lade will hold a |
reception on the twenty-first of each
month until May for members of the |
Daughters of 1812 who belong to no}
particular chapter and also for other!
county chapters. Regents of chajfters
and State officers are also invited to
these receptions, which are held at Mrs, |
Sinde’s home, 332 West Eighty €eventh

street.& Mrs, Slade ia president of the
New ork State Soclety Daur*ters ,
of 1813.

Euterpe Club, Mra. Alcinous Berton

addition to’ Miss Hay are Mrs, Lois! Howard S. Neiman will be the toastmas-/ Jamison president, had its first evening
! Hughes, Mrs, John Anderson Wood, | ter this evening. Clayton J, Hesrmance! ooncert of the season on Wednesday at
Reuben Jeffery and Mrs, Claude! is president of the club and G. Warren! the Waldorf-Astoria. There was ’cham-

is, vice-presidents; Miss Lois P.
ake, recording secretary; Mrs, Mar-
is Anderson, corresponding secre-

Mrs. Newell H. Stewart, treas-

| Landon secretary.
chairman of the house committee,

——

The next members’ meeting ot the

Mrs. E, H. Davis, auditor, and} New York Theatre Club, Mra. Belle de

Vee Joseph Froggatt, hletorian.
,ecutive committee are Mrs, George
pton, Mra Irving B, Kaston, Mrs.
* iiitner and Mrs, Foster Moore,

 

>

 

president, will hota. their
seventy-fifth street with Mra Jobp B.
Sheppard and Mrs. Marie L. Rimea

After the business meeting and the re-

port of thelr reconstruction work the} the lagt business
club will have as speaker Miss|do Rivera, Mrs. Daniel

**

On, Rivera president,

Daughters of Michigan in New!

will be held at the

Edward F. Foley 18) ber music by A. H. Nussbaum’s New

York City Trio, and also John Nichols,
tenor; Graham McNamee, barytone, and
Mme. Marie Thomas, soprano,

 

For the benefit of orphans of France

Hotel Astot on Tuesday at 2 P. M. The |@ card party will be given by Le Ly-

board of directors meets at 1 P,
and the community chorus at the same
hour.

The discussion during the study period

Mrs, Thomas Gladstone Massey | will be led by the chairman of the day,} souvenirs for non-players.

Hour,” which
the membres attended last week.

The following delegates to the City
Fedefation Convention were elected at
t Mrs. Belle

 
 
 
 

   
  
  
   
 

ceum Societe des Femmes de France,
Mme. Carlos Polofeme president, on
February 27 at the Waldorf-Astoria
There will be prizes for players and
Tickets are

regular| Mre, Andre Destamps, the subjeot being |$1,and may be obtained from Mme. Po-
monthly meeting on Tuesday at 36 West| the play, “The Crowded

lofeme, 321 West Ninety-second street,
Mra. Emil Cuendet is chairman of ar-
rangemente and Mme. Victor Pearl sec-
retary.

At the

at the

of la um yester-
‘theme

wes the of the readings,
hs RY ies

£

lowed by dancing, The second evening

‘concert will be on February 25

o- |
"Economics" wae the subject for dis- |!
cussion at the meeting on Monday of
the Phalo Club, Mrs. James McCuliagh
president. It was held at the home of
Mrs. R, Ferguson, 128 West 122d street

 

At the social meeting of the Theatre |
Club, Mre. John H. Parker president, on

Tuesday at the Hotel Astor, ‘Grand
Opera” was the topic. Alfred G. Robyn}
made an address on the subject. Mrs

Adolph Schaffmeyer was chairman of the
day.

 

Dixie Club of New York, Mrs. Frnest
E. Maleolm president, will be one of the The daughters of Ohto will hold a
first women‘’e elubs to entertain at the | Meeting on February 10 at the Waldorf-
new Hotel Commodore. It will give Ast ind the Maryland Soctety will
luncheon there on March 4. The next | 2itve & diner that evening also at the

meeting of the club will bg on Febru-

ary 20.
y de a2 iry 11 and the New York Browning So-
" eiety on the day following. Euterpe
_The seventh annual congress of the | Club will have a luncheon at the Wal-
National Society, Daughters of the} qort on February 12 and the National

Union, was held at the Hotel McA!pin on |
Thursday. It was an all day meeting;
and reports and election of officers fol-
lowed the luncheon. On the committee

in charge of the meeting were Dr, |
Monell, chairman; Mrs, Frank D, Elli-
son, Mre. Willlam R. Stewart, Mrs John

H, Dorn, Mrs, Elifot L. Dow, Mrs. Harry |
L. Drullard, Mrs. Charles L. E. de Gauge
Mra. John T. Halliday, Mrs.

 

John 3. |

, Hayney, Mrs. Lawrence Harnecker, Mrs, 'Arel

 

CY ibald Kains. Mr. and Mrs. George
Homer Lee, Mrs. FE, V. Jackson, Mrs.! Hamilin and Miss Han lin, Mr. ‘and ea
;John D. Struye, Mra, John J. Fields, ! yonn Patterson, Bou linot Colt. Mr. and}

Mrs F. D. L. Prentiss, Mra. Henry W. !
Royal, Mrs, Hdward A. Starkey, Mrs. |
Horace Stokes, Mrs. Ferrier Martin, Mrs. |
J. T. Vreedenburgh and Mrs. E. M
Raynor.

Mme. Katherine Evans von Klenner | given recently at the

will hold a eeries of Sunday afternoon

receptions In February and March at her | Benel

home for members of the National Opera

Club of America, of which she is the! Rev. Thomas F. Donigan was toastmas-

president. The club had fts annual en-!
tertainment for the benefit of its treas. |

ury on Thursday evening at the Waldorf |
Astoria, “Mignon” was presented by/
the members under the direction of

Romualdo Sapto,
programme.

Dancing followed the |

Miss Kathleen Picard entertained at| of Hast Oranze, N. J

dinner on Tuesday evening at the home
of her grandmother, Mrs. M. C. Akin,
310 West Seventy-elghth street, for
Capt. Sidney McCann of the Canadian
army. Capt. McCann-recently returned
from four years’ service in France,

Soul of | where he received the Croix de Guerre,
the Military Cress and che King's

Medal.

| president

 

;Conn,, and Mrs, Melvin Davis of Mon-

California Club, Mrs,

Vivian president, will give a
dance on February 21 at the
Waldorf-Astoria. Mrs, Joseph F. Noun-
nan will be the chairman,

The National
Tiomas J

At a recent meeting of the club dele-
tes to the New York city Federation
of Women's Clubs were elected They
are Mrs. Henry L. Harrison, Mre. J
Theodore Odeil and Mrs. William T,
Martin, while the alternates are Mra,
Vivian and Mre, George F. Shurtleff. ‘

The Rainy Day Club of Amertea, Mrs

 

 

| A. M. Palmer president, will not hold {te
annual president's day on Wednesday as
/Originally planned owing to the recent A
death of its first vice-president, Miss

 

e Guernsey. The regular social
however, will be held that day.
Mrs. Thomas Webster Edgar will give

A card party on Saturday afternodn at

her home, 766 West end avenue, for the

TY

  

ibenefit of the Belgian Relief Committee

There fn exhibition and
sale of Belglin laces.

nae ; ‘

will also be

Iw!

  

Mrs (} A. Walter gave a silver tea at ease aus ee
her home, 308 West Ninetieth street, A mantle of tricolette with
on Tuesday afternoon for the benefit of

th

hospital in connection with the wome |

auxiliary to the rescue work of the
Army. Mrs. Walter is vice.
of the auxiliary The next
meeting of the auxiliary will be held on
February 265,

of taffeta and straw.
==

Salvation

will have a social and
to-morrow at the Waldorf-As-

Sorosts Clab
ur

he
neon

Daughters

of
ani« in New York will meet on Febru-

Waldorf rhe Pennsyl-
V

Opera Club will have a meeting on Feb-
ruary 13. The Verdi Club will hold a
meeting at the Waldorf on February 14,

Mr. and Mrs. Walter Leon Heas re-
cently gave a musicale at thetr home,
161 East Sventy-ninth street. The ar-

Vgoni

Among the guests were Mr. and Mra. |

Mrs, tlerbert Hamlin of Greenwich,
treal,

In honor of Lieut. Andrew Benel, U.
S. A., a reception, dinner and dance was |
Hotel Berkeley by
the members of the Yahah Club. Lieut
recently returned from France,

where he had been for over a year. The

ter and Lieut. George Hoffman, U, S. A., |
was chairman of the reception com. |
mittee

Among those present were Mr, and
Mrs. Paul Hitterly, Mr. and Mrs. Lew |
Karnow, Mr, and Mrs, Walter Tannler, |
the Misses Annette and Clalre Rush and
Mr. and Mr lrosper Blynn, the latter

Mrs. T. Carlos Leon, formerly Miss
Linda Beatrice Kinney of thie city,
arrived from Buenos Ayres last week
with her husband and young eon. |
She paid a short visit to her aunt, Mrs.
Frances Kinney Abrahall, before resum-
ing her wavels

Coming Into

+s NDURIN' of de war," the old}

4%

  

 

 

Their Own Now

‘Gayest of Fans, Gaudy Beads and

 

Perhaps nothing has #0

full ,

the most vivid--scarlet, French blue, |

fringe and a low crowned hat

Were $135 to $225
Reduced, $95 to $150 |

Brocaded Parasols Only a Few .
of the Delightful Gewgaws

 

voted to festivity and to joy at least.

And beads! Great wooden beads of

every color, preferably the most gaudy

| and most brilliant, appear everywhere.
| These are often made of dyed woods,
,or again of celluloid colored so gnayly
‘and etrung together to end in an im-
| possibly large medallion or pendant of
| urilliant colors,

Particularly in demand are the scar-
let beads and those resembling jade in
their bright green, linked with soft yel-
low. These ornate things are worn
with the one piece frocka, preferably
those of one color, to give the splash
of tone contrast nearly always wel-

| come with this sort of gown.
Along with these brilllant links and

Peer Dress Accessories

chains and pendants we have belt
; buckles, also of the same brilliant
colors, and very large, some three

inches in length, and Varying
'to those almost small enough for shoe
buckles. Of course tiis craving for
!eolors vivid and sereaming is psycho-
logical, for the sadness of past years
which expressed itself in subdued
monotones must now be relieved by as
gay and bright effects as possible, Wit-
ness the vogue of the scarlet straw
hat as proof of this,

Speaking of hats, a new shape ap-
pears—the shallow crown chapeau. It
has its crown ecarcely more than three
inches high and appears as odd as it

in size

    
 
   
    
   
  
  
    
    

;is intended it should, and also as new,
| contrasted withthe turretlike struc-
j tures so long in fashion.

| One of these little shallow crowned
(affairs takes a round sailor shape with
'a rather narrow brim and {s worn tip-
| tilted a little over the forehead and
has two mercury wings of canary
| colored feathers at the back and har-
|monizing agreeably with the brown
straw of the hat,

Brocaded Velvet Parasols,

|

| Along with this novelty appears a
brocaded velvet parasol. It is all
charm in tones of purple and lavender,
}the latte, being of silk thickly bro-
|caded with the purple. Side Ly side
with this is a Dresden china affair in
| white and pink on top, long white ribs
and just within the top, as one often
sees electric Hghts hidden in huge
outer dome, there is a soft covering of
‘black dotted net shirred against
white spokes and partly Ailing the in-
terior of the gay parasol. 1 have
| r@ady spoken of the vogue of parasol,
jhat and frook made all of the
| Material, a Vogue to be much exploited
‘in those gay Southern resorts just
j}now at the height of their gayety

 

}
ile

same

{| Capes and mantles of tricolette ana!

Brooklyn

Final Season’s Clearance |
FUR SALE

Prices Reduced One-Fourth to One-Hal f

O assure Complete Clearance of all Manufactured Furs, we place
on Sale our Entire Remaining Stock of Coats, Dolmans, Capes,
Coatees, Neckpieces and Muffs at Extra Reduced Prices.

’ : rt

Men’s Fur Lined Overcoats |

Special Reductions in Custom Tailored, Fur Lined Overcoats.
Domestic Fabrics, Smartiy Styled. |

the!

Were $250 to $650
Reduced, $175 to $450

in the marvellous | feather fan on those occasions de-  tricotine are among tte first showings

of the summer wraps. One of these
tricolette mantis In in the new henna
shade and so closely resembles those
| Spanish shawls which Carmen forever

ish shawl.
jin the
Carmen

that
one

same draped manner
wears ‘hers, over

shoulder, around the waist and cas*’

cading off to one side, fringe and all.
| Of course tricolette drapes delightfully
and gracefully and is well adapted to
this type of wrap.

Another tricolette cape is a cape and
nothing else, hip length, of the charme-
ing blue of the French flag. It haga
rather deep collar of equitrel which
contrasts well with the blue and gives
Just the

; Wrap demands

' Sth) another new cape is extremely
narrow and square nnd is made of an
ecclesiustica) sort of velvet brocade in
dull green and gold, resembling

paintings.
Jewelle@ Combs Fashionable.

Jowelled pins and combs are allur~
{ng and fashionable for the evening
colffure. Especially lovely are the
round horseshoe shapes thickly stude
ded with that blue called “midnight®*
or emerald green and almost supplante

| ing the jet and rhinestones se long wm
favor.

Long casque combs, being really
lines of gay stones mounted on those
amber, tortoise or black backgrounds,
are worn the length of the head in the
hack, or as short as desired. What
ever the preference in size or design,
one must remember that jewelled or-
naments in the hair are very popular
jand fashionable,

Compantoning the jewelled hair om
naments are high dog collars of white
chiffon, wired to clasp tho throat
tightly and studded thickly with
,small rhinestones in conventional
serolls or Greek designs. Of course
older women prefer these collars, as
younger throats do not need them, and
} indeed should not let them hide thetr
soft beauty

A wisp of tulle, however, tied around
ithe throat and left in a little cloud

under one ear {is a coquettish fashion
jand has been adopted quickly, and

usually becomingly, by many younger
women in place of the once all favored
tulle scarf. This scarf, dy the way, if
here with bands of sequins in every

{
1

 

~olor and is hung over the shoulders
quite as often as.ever we saw the un-
jattached stripg of tulle
So much for the new little notnings
Which we are so gayly adding again
te our possessions. They are the lite
tle things which point to the general
turn to other days, and after all ft
is the little tGings which so often

make or mar the whole that we can
ail these pretty trifles with a sigh of
elief and earnest welcome indeed,

 

 

GJulton and Smi th Streets

Finest Foreign and

 

seomed to wear (at least on the stages*
; that ft may actually be called a Spans’
It is intended to be worn.

needed warmth an evening.

the’
| priestlike robes one sees in Spanish

         
     

Tae

Sas
SOE a erage en

eo ee