oon

1, TWELVE
PAGES

    
   

BOOKS AND THE BOOK WORLD
_NEW YORK, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2

Ny
Copyright, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

ee eee eet

ife and J ames Branch Cabell

 

1919.

/
|
|
SECTION |
FIVE

Of Course It Is Tre I His ay aes Book Is Called “Beyond Life,”

AMES BRANCH CABELL’S
latest book, Beyond Infc, has a
quiet cleverness, an audacious origi-
nality that will delight a good many
readers. In fact, this mosaic of es-
says on books and things in general
should be sufficient to convinee any
one not actually in the mental bread-
line that here is a thinker worth at-
tention, a writer in bondage to no ex-
terior ideas, a dreamer who follows
after beauty and lets the dollars take
eare of themselves. Considering Mr.
Cabell’s value it is astonishing that he
is not better known. He is one of the
most original writers that we have
now in America, and those of another
generation than our own will discover,
or rediscover, his queer, arresting
charm.

There are many intelligent persons
who would greatly enjoy Mr. Cabell’s
work if only they knew about it.
There are also many who would not
eare for it at all, who could not, in
fact, be induced to read it. He makes
you think. To think is exhausting,
sometiines painful and generally need-
less. Many persons do better to read
Harold Bell Wright or Holworthy
Hall. Mr. Cabell’s books are provoca-
tive of thought. Readers who find
thought stimulating should make his
acquaintance quite irrespective of the

fact that they may not agree with him. That is a
trivial matter.
Beyond Life is Mr. Cabell’s first volume

of essays, his previous books ineluding novels,
short stories, poems and_ genealogical trea-
tises. He remarked to the writer one afternoon last
summer, at his home im Virginia, that he greatly
liked essay writing, but that because of the limited
market for the essay in America he usually eompro-
mised by inserting little essays i: his novels and as
forewords to his books. Those who have found these
digressions peculiarly delightful will be prepared
for'the pleasure to be derived from this new volume
devoted wholly to ideas apart from narrative.

An All Night Job.

The book is in the form of a dialogue between
two friends, one of them, John Charteris, a novel-
ist who figures elsewhere in Mr. Cabell’s works.
Charteris, in attempting to expound his philosophy
of the ‘‘life beyond life,’’ which by Milton is at-
tributed to good books, talks until dawn without
wearying his actual or his vicarious listener.

‘« «Off hand,’ began John Charteris, ‘I would say
that books are best insured against oblivion through
practice of the auetorial virtues of distinction and
clarity, of beauty and symmetry, of tenderness and
truth and urbanity.’’’ On this as a basis for judg-
ment, Charteris—or Cabell—discourses concerning
books and their makers with a keenness of percep-
tion which only urbanity confers and with a satire
that is delectable. America has too few satirists of
a sane and healthy character to neglect this one.

Underneath the surface seriousness of this expo-
sition is a puckish drollery directed against various
persons and publications which the author is in-
clined to think will not escape forgetfulness, but
(whieh, lacking the auctorial virtues mentioned
previously, are ‘‘passing in limousines to oblivion.’
He is meditating aloud in an apparently timeless
fashion (somewhere he makes a capital distinction”
between timeliness and timelessness) and editorial
foot notes naively explain certain allusions for the
information of the future reader.

For instance, im speaking of the neglect accorded

Arthur Machen, who has been undeservedly ig-

 

JAMES
BRANCH
CABELL,
Author of
“* BEYOND
uFE”

 

nored, perhaps because he believes that all endur-
ing art must be an allegory and rarely expressess
directly what he can subtly s suggest, Charteris ¢ or
Cabell says:

“*It.is perhaps on account of this rash reliance
upon intelligence and imagination as being at all
ordinary human traits, that Mr. Machen has failed
to appeal as instantly as, we will say, Mr. Robert
W. Chambers appeals to those immaculate and ter-
rible ladies who languidly vend books in our de-
partment stores and with Olympian unconcern: con-
fer success upon reading matter by ‘recommending
it.’’’ The foot note on Chambers is as follows:

‘“A novelist of the day, appropriately eommemo-
rated by Captain Rupert Hughes (another writer
of fiction) in the Cosmopolitan Magazine for June,
1918. ‘Mr. Chambers does not run about the world
shaking his fist at the sky or spitting in other peo-
ple’s faces There is eternal summer in
his heart. The world is his rose garden.’ Mr.
Chambers, according to the same authority, has
written ‘masterpieces,’ ‘triumphs of art,’ ‘superb
faniasy,’ ‘thrilling drama,’ &e., dealing for the
mos: part, with ‘well groomed men and women in
their stately homes.’ ’’

Other foot notes repeat equally astonishing
praise by Hearst’s Magazine and the Cosmopolitan
of other writers frequently appearing in their
pages. Mr. Cabell finds amusing the trick of hiring
staff writers to praise each other with reciprocal
extravagance. Another foot note speaks of the
Saturdav Evening Post as ‘‘a widely cireulated
advertising medium which printed considerable
fiction: published in Philadelphia.”’

Booth in a Tragic Role.

Mr. Cabell’s critical comments are not all satiri-
cal, however, since he genuinely admires certain
contemporaries, as H. L. Mencken and Joseph
Hergesheimer. Concerning Booth Tarkington he
speaks with scornful affection, believing that his
easy popularity is ruinous to his genius:

“‘Mr. Booth Tarkington, also, is a very popular
novelist. But that I take to be one of the most
tragic items in all the long list of misfortunes which
have befallen American litcrature. It is a fact that

But That Only Means It Is Likely to Be Beyond Some Readers

merits its threnody, since the loss of
an artist demands lamentation, even
_when he commits suicide.’’ He con-
siders that while to write best sellers
is, ‘‘by ordinary men, a harmless per-
formance, in Mr., Tarkington's case it®
is @ misappropriation of funds.””

Mr. Cabell refrains from inserting
his publisher's blurbs at the back of
his volume, printing instead the most
sarcastic criticisms which have ap-
peared concerning his previous books.
He warns, the prospective reader of
them that he, James Branch Cabell, is

crities that prefer ‘‘ostentatious im-

permanenee.”’

There is many a sly bit of humor
in these pages. For instance, in
speaking of poetry he says: ‘* There is
Nicholas de Caen, for instance, who in
his Dizaim des Reines (with which I
am familiar, I confess, in the English
version alone)’ The jest lies in
the fact that some years ago Mr. Ca-
bell published a volume of verse con-
taining various ‘‘adaptations,’’ as he
called them, from Nicholas de Caen,
“*& medieval French poet.’’ Not until
some earnest student tried to find
biographical material in the arehives
of Caen, and wrote disturbedly to Mr.
Cabell that he couldn’t unearth any-
thing about Nicholas, did the Vir-
ginian confess that he had invented
Nicholas and that the verses were wholly his own.

not in favor with a publie or with 7

Mr. Cabell’s work has been almost entirely in ro- _

mance, and much of the discussion in Beyond Lafe
toneerns the power of romance; which he believes te
be a ‘‘world shaping and world controlling prinei-,

ple.”’ His idea is that romance controls the minds of |

men, and by creating foree producing illusions
‘‘further the world’s betterment with the forces
thus brought into being. - . The sum of cor-
poreal life represents an essay in romantic diction.

And so it comes about that romance has

been the demiurgic and beneficent force, not merely -

in letters, but in every matter which concerns man-
kind; and realism, with its teaching that the mile
posts along the road are as worthy of consideration
as the goal, has always figured as man’s chief en-
emy. . . . It is by the gr&ce of romance that
man has been exalted above the other animals.

Some Sample Sentences.

‘“‘Man alone of animals plays the ape to his
dreams. That a dog dreams vehemently is a mat-
ter of public knowledge; it is nerfectly possible
that in his more ecstatic visions he usurps the shape
of his master and visits Elysian pantries in human
form: and awakening, he observes that in point of
fact he is a dog, and as a rational animal, makes
the best of canineship. But with man the ease is
otherwise. . . %

‘“‘To me who w6nder at the irrationality of all
this, to me, also, life has been an interminable effort
to pretend to be what seemed expected. . . .
And I have suffered as yet no open detection. The
neighbors seem.to accept me quite gravely as the
head of a family ; the chauffeur touches his cap and
calls me ‘sir’; publishers bring out my books; and
my wife fairmindedly discusses with me all our
differences of opinion, so that we may without any
bitterness reach the compromise of doing what she
originally suggested.”’

But these detached bits are not fair to the author.
The attracted reader should enjov James Branch
Cabell’s books for himself.

 

BEYOND LIFE. By James Bsance Capert. Robert ML

McBride & Co. $1.50.

7 =

&

” 1 aa
ahr Te

oop

—