a ae

— SUN, saci ay.

a ae
‘FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

 

——————— o—E——e——eeeeEESESESES~=SSSSSDT

William Winter’s “Life of David Belasco”

By BARRETT H. CLARK.
HE position of William Winter in
the history of our native stage is
secure.
timate the exact importance of his volum-

It is at present impossible to es-

fnous contributions, but not even bis most
that

one impossible

unsympathetic detractors can deny
he is an imposing figure,
to ignore.
material that he has already collected in

book form his writings would loom large

Were it only for the mass of

in our libraries and form the basis of

much of our material on the American
theatre.

Winter was not only a critic who prac-
tically dominated a great dramatic—or
Jet us say theatrical—epoch, he was a
man of letiers; his books would demand
attention by reason of their delightful
style if not for their matter.

“Si Monumentum Requjris—”

The publishe rs are rendering a distinct
gervice in issuing volume after volume of
the collected works of the veteran eritic.
These already include three series of
studies relating to Shakespeare on the
Stage, two volumes of miscellaneous ma-
terial in The Wallet of Time, two on The
Life and Art of Richard Mansfield, not
to mention biographies of actors, single
volumes of reminiscences, and finally, the
most imposing of all the biographies, The
life of David Belasco—two volumes,
with a total of 1,093 pages!

A quick glance at this formidable set is
sufficient to see that the writer has been
at pains to gather all available material
not only on the life of Mr. Belasco, but
on the numerons associates of Mr. Belasco
and the various activities with which he
has been identified. Indeed, had Winter
confined himself merely to a biography of
David Belaseo that manager must surely
have protested. Bernard Shaw’s biog-
rapher dared net devote over half the
space to his hero that Mr. Winter has
given to his, and I know of no Goethe
biography—even by a German—that is
longer than the work nuw under consid-
eration. Surely William Winter must
have considered his subject rather as a
centre of activities, a point of departure,
than a demicod.

Belasco’s Claim to Fame.

I intend no disrespect to Mr. Belasco,
who is a very able manager, a play-
tinker of talent who rendered signal ser-
vice to the American theatre during a
period of depression. In all probability
the obstacles he was ealled upon to face
and surmount were fully as great, if not
greater, than those faced and surmounted
by our younger managers and play-
wrights. But seriously, is there any com-
parison between the plays produced by
Belaseo and the manner in which he
mounted them, and the plays and artistic
achievements of Arthur Hopkins and
Robert FE. Jones? At a time when Europe

Newest. Books
The League of Nations,

Today and Tomorrow
By H. M. KALLEN—$1.50.

Letters of Susan Hale
Have been called “letters of
light.” —$3.50.

Can Mankind Survive
By Morrison I. Swift—$1.50.
Racial Factors in
Democracy
By Philip Ainsworth Means
$2.50

 

Marshall Jones Company

212 Summer St. Boston, Mass.

Wendertully idueraced ey Keerme - Pri

The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Publishers

 

 

was building theatres that we are just be-
ginning to imitate, when managers were
putting into practice lighting devices
which Belaseo has just “discovered,” our
own “Wizard of the Stage” was erecting
ill-ventilated and uneomfortable play-
and preducing plays nine-tenths
of which were of no more than passing
interest.

In spite of this our biographer is right
in his fundamental implication: that
Belaseo was in his day the nght man in
the right place, though he is pitifully
wrong in claiming for him a position he
does not deserve. The chief interest in
his Life of David Belasco is not David
Belasco, but the variegated and moving
picture we are offered of the American
stage of the past four decades. The style
of William Winter has rarely been put to
such exeellent use as in the deseriptions
of the late palmy days with which these
volumes are studded.

The “Good Old Days.”

Here, as in The Life of Richard Mans-
field and The Wallet of Time, we are in-
vited to enjoy the first nights of the "80s
and ’90s and the quarrels of actors and
managers; we are guided—by a preju-
diced observer, however—through the
mazes of the old Syndicate intrigues and
finally we find ourselves perchance be-
guiled into thinking fer a moment that
perhaps the palmy days were indeed
palmy, un.il we are rudely jolted by one
of those ill-advised outbursts of temper
which the old gentleman could not re-
strain and foreed to admit that the palms
were simply dead palms. To Winter the
past was beautiful not because it was the
past, but because it was not the present,
and his later years were one long drawn
wail over the invasion of the new, the vile
excrescences of the Gloomy Norwegian,
the sewage of Shaw, and the pruriencies
of Pinero.

And yet somehow the work is vitally in-
teresting. !'or one thing the documenta-
tion is thu ugh. This is in the shape of
letters, photographs and programmes,
many of them of the first importance to
the student of the period, and nearly all
of prime interest to the general reader.
The historian of the future will find this
part of the book indispensable. Unfor-
tunately he will find himself unable to ae-
eept Winter’s judgments as they stand.
Due allowanee in every case must be
made for the personal equation. There is
no use repeating what is now a common-
place: William Winter was constitution-
ally incapable of understanding the first
priciples of the art of Ibsen and his fol-
lowers.

houses

An Angry Old Man.

Had he been éontent to champion the
“wholesome” drama of the past, which he
understood, and not set. himself against
the new movement, which he did not
understand and whieh he was eternally
striving to belittle beeanse it stood for
ideas that were radically opposed to his
own, we should still have been able to
abide by his judgments; but in condemn-
ing modern plays and modern actors he
becarne obsessed with the notion that the
earlier actors and the earlier plays were
tar superior to all else. He lost his sense
of proportion and, consumed with a
mania of impotent rage, spluttered help-
lessly in a sea of exasperated invective.

The vindictive note is everywhere pres-
ent in the later works. In The Life and
Art of Richard Mansfield his spitefulness
takes the form of childish tricks when he
considers the famous Beau Brummell ease;
for example, he consistently avoids re-
ferring to Clyde Fitch by his nghtful
name, preferring for his purpose such
devices as calling the well known dramat-
ist “Mr. W. C. Fiteh,” “C. Fitch” and
the like. In The Life of David Belasco
we are afforded the same sort of thing.
Says Winter on page 267 of the second
volume in reference to one of the con-
spicnously few first rate plays produced
by Mr. Belaseo:

A Winter Come to Judgment.

“Mr. Engene Walter's play called The
Easiest Way, is one of the most obnox-
jous specimens of theatrical trash that
have been obtruded on the modern Stage.

- It is melancholy and deplor-
able that he [Belasco} should have lent his
great reputation to the support of the
vicious play which now disgraees his
Stuyvesant Theatre. . . We do
not want to see in the Theatre the vile-
ness that should be shunned; we want to
see the beauty that should be enmlated
and loved!” I am not aware,mat Winter

eriticised Hamlet or Macbeth on the same
grounds.

It would be unfair to quote further in-
stanees of our eritie’s aberrations; I wish
only to indicate his greatest defect. I am
even willing to grant that essentially he
may have been right and that the future
will see in him a prophet in the evil days
of twentieth century drama; but on the
other hand it cannot be doubted that his
method of attack was fatally wrong, and
the note of spite that is constantly
sounded a continual warning to the wary
reader in search of facts, :

The reviewer is often embarrassed in
the oie of a work of this sort in

his effort not to lay too great stress on
the shortcomings, and yet—it takes so
much more space to describe these than
to praise the whole. Personally T am
grateful, if not overgracious, to the
writer of The Lafe of David Belasco for
having afforded me a broad if not un-
prejudiced view of a very nmportant man
and of an epoch that is fast slipping
from us into the gilded past of American
theatrical history.

 

THE LIFE OF DAVID BELASCO. By
Winiiast WINTER, edited and completed
by his son, Jefferson Winter.
umes. Moffat, Yard & Co. $11.

Tn two vol-

F rom ‘Examination Papers
in Victorian Literature

N ATINEW ARNOLD had a rule
I by which poctry could be meas-
ured for worth of thonght and style. It
was not, however, applieable to vers libre.

Dickens was a romantie realist. Which
means that he had the qualities of a good
seenario writer.

Tennyson was made Poet Laureate of
England because he wrote the Charge of
the Light Brigade.

Thackeray was the first man who ex-
perienced the horrors of serial writing.
The “devil” was always after him for
more and more copy, a fact which ex-
plains why he had to kill Col. Neweome
so prematurely.

George Elliot read 2,000 histories of

Florentine life at the time of Savanarola
before she wrote Romola.

Charles Kingsley was a preacher who
incidentally wrote boresome novels.

Thomas MacAuley was dhe opposite of
Carlyle.

James Stuart Mill wrote a compendium
of the world’s history at the age of exght
and fell in love at twenty.

Charlotte Bronte’s Jane Eyre shocked
the prudish Vietorian public beeause she
was the first woman ia any English novel
who made amorous advances to a man.

Tennyson opposed woman suffrage,
This is proved by the faet that he wrote
“Woman is the lesser man!”

Thackeray was a cynie because he hated
snobs. M. J. A.

JOHN GALSWORTHY

says:

THE GREAT HUNGER

“is the first work of fiction I have ever reviewed. This story by the
distinguished Norwegian writer, Johan Bojer, is so touchingly
searching and sincere that it interested me from the first page to

the last.”

JAMES BRANCH CABELL

says:

THE GREAT HUNGER

“ascends beyond —— narrative to lyric splendor.

to be an enduring boo
Price $1.60 Net.

MOFFAT, YARD & COMPANY,

It is—or ought

At all bookstores,
Union Square, New York