ieagusmmeveensaupensmmensineeeerces a

Books and the People Who Make Them

IEUT, CONINGSBY DAWSON,
who recently married Mrs. Helen
Wright-Clark, daughter of Peter Camp-
bell of Newark, will sail for England with
Mrs. Dawson the middle of this month,
immediately after publication of his new
book, Living Bayonets: A Record of the
Last Push.

 

To THe Eprtorn or Books AND THR
Book Worip—Sir: At the request of
Mrs. Choate I am engaged upon the biog-
raphy of Joseph Hodges Choate.

I shall be obliged, and so will Mr.
Choate’s family, if you will give notice
that friends who have letters from him,
which they would be willing to entrust to
me for my information or for publication,
are invited to send them to me in care of
Charles Scribner's Sons, 597 Fifth ave
nue, New York.

Epwarp 8. Marti.

New York, January 25.

 

The thirtieth novel by H. B. Marriott
Watson, a mystery story called Denyer’s
Double, is being published by the Robert
J. Shores Corporation.

 

Robert Nichols, author of Ardours and
Endurances, will lecture at the Princesa
Theatre, New York, on the afternoon of
February 6. This will be the first of a
series of lectures which James B. Pond
will arrange for him thronchout the coun-
try. Mr. Nichols will read from his own
poems and those of his friends who have
become known as the Young Elizabethans,
and he will comment between readings on
the work of these poets.

Mr. Perla Answers
G. K. Chesterton

O tHe Eprron or Books AND THE
Boox Wortp—Sir: I beg that you,
extend to me the hospitality of your col-
umns to reply to Mr. Gilbert K. Chester-
ton, who did me the honor to review my
book, What Is National Honor, in a re-
cent number of Books and the Book
World,

In view of the fact that Mr. Chesterton
eharacterized the book as “undoubtedly
an earnest ethieal inquiry into an im-
portant subject,” I do not feel that he
retained a recognition of this fact through-
out his article, which in parts is hardly
quite fair cither to Mr. Angell or to the
book.

F can understand how Mr. Chesterton
may have felt a sense of amusement on
finding Mr. Norman Angell writing an in-
troduetion to my book. The reason that
it is amusing, T believe, is because Mr.
Chesterton did not state Mr. Angell’s po-
sffion as the latter would have stated it
himeelf.

Mr. Chesterton correctly states my po-
sition when he says that “Mr. Perla’s book
is entirely founded on the idea that most
wars are not fought for material interest
—but on a moral point of self-respect ”
He asserts that Mr. Angell represents a

 

 

point of view directly opposite to this,
namely that Mr. Ange?! believes that the
primary incentive for war is the desire
for economic gain, not the moral necessity
to defend moral ideals. Mr. Chiesterton
strangely enough concludes this from the
circumstance of Mr. Angell’s having writ-
ten a book “to show that nations were un-
wise in going to war since war was &
financial speculation that would never
really pay.” As an interpretation of The
Great Tllusion this statement would be
correct if it did not imply that Mr. An-
gell dispelled the illusion of the economic
advantages of conquest, that he therefore
must believe that nations go to war be-
cause they believe it is profitable.

My understanding of Mr. Angell is that
he is not a philosopher in The Great IL
lusion trying to prove how essentially bad
human nature is. I believe that he tried
to show the shallowness of reasoning and
economics whilch justifies war on its
supposed promises of “economie gain.
Will Mr. Chesterton deny that a
substantial number of men all over
the world believe that conquest is
profitable and furthermore that these men
believe nations go to war because of this
belief? Certainty Mr. Chesterton will
find no difficulty in admitting this in the
case of the entire population of Germany.
If Mr. Angell committed a blunder it was
one which every peace society in the world
has committed, namely in taking the num-
ber of the men seriously who believe war
to be profitable and paying them the trib-
ute of a refutation.

Although Mr. Angell is chiefly fa-
mous for having refuted the economic case
for conquest, he has never committed him-
self to the belief which such a refutation
might imply. I do not believe that Mr.
Angell was interested in constructing a
philosophy of human motivation, but
taking his queue of human me@ive and
belief from the Imperialist school of
thought which holds first that there is an
inevitable struggle among nations, sec-
ondly, that nations are justified in “sur-
viving” in this struggle, and thirdly, that
conquest is synonymous with economie
success in this struggle, he set about to
show the fallacies of this economic, bio-
logie and political sophistry.

Mr. Chesterton goes on to show the “es
sence of honor’ and the mode of its vin-
dieation. THe says that honor is not lost
by failure to defeat an oppressor, but is
lost by-failure to defy him. Mr. Chester-
ton certainly must regret fhe passing of
the duel inasmuch as in personal insults
the duel was the only effeetive method of
defiance. I would ask Mr. Chesterton
whether the modern ideal ofthe gentle
man is not equally effeetive as a security
of honor—not personal defiance, but the
impersonal courts of justice.

Mr. Chesterton aceuses me of having a
profound contempt for “democracy” be-
cause I attempt to show tho difficulty
which reasonable men find in holding to
their convictions in a time of intense na-
tional feehng. When he refers to my
contempt for deMocracy he of course im-
plies that I meant that the unanimity of
England and France was due to “an emo-
tion of the mass.” Perhaps it would not
be hard for Mr. Chesterton to share my
“eontempt for democracy” if we should

The Four

Horsemen of

the Apocalypse

“WHEN THE MEMORIES OF THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THIS AND THE
NEXT GENERATION ARE DEAD, THIS BOOK WILL REMAIN TO KEEP

ALIVE

A RIGHTEOUS INDIGNATION AGAINST THE REMNANT OF

BARBARISM WHICH POSED ITSELF AS THE APOSTLE OF CULTURE

HE WHO WOULD REALIZE

THE FRIGHTFUL EVILS OF THE

RULE OF MIGHT OVER RIGHT SHOULD READ THIS BOOK.”

—Temple Scott.

By VICENTE BLASCO IBANEZ
Author of “The Shadow of the Cachedral.”

$1.90 net wherever
books are sold

E. P. DUTTON & CO.

681 Fifth Ave.,
New York

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

take the unanimity of Germany in the
war as an instance of the effeet of emotion
in unifying a people. In his defence of
“democracy” he states, “it all fails upon
a very simple fact: That the people cam
not only think: it ean know.” I wonder
whether Mr. Chesterton is quite so ready
to pay this tribute to the Bolshevist move-
ment in Russia.

Finally Mr. Chesterton extracts a sen-
tence from a long paragraph and misin-
terprets it to show that I am not so sure
that Germany was the aggressor in this
war. My conviction on this point is so
clearly stated in other parts of the book
that I do not feel it necessary to repeat it
here. But I wish to quote the whole pas-
sage as it appears in the book and below
it the criticism whieh Mr. Chesterton
makes of it, and leave it to the readers of
Tue Sow to decide whether he was quite
fair to the scientifie spirit with which the
paragraphs were written.

The passage reads:

“Next to irrationality, the most char
acteristic thing about emotign is uni-
formity, or unanimity of reaction to a
given situation among any large group of
people. When millions of people confined
within one set of geographical boundaries
ean agree among themselves, and at the
same time disagree diametrically with mill-
ions of people within another set of boun-
daries, it is difficult to explain the uni-
formity within the two opposing camps
in any other way than as being due to the
contagion of emotion. The fervor with
which every Enghshman but Russell is
convineed that Mermany ought to be
crushed; the accord with which every Ger
man but Liebknecht cries ‘Gott strafe Eng-
land’; the certainty with which every
Frenchman but Rolland regards Germany
as the aggressor; these instances of unan-
imous conviction emphasize the extreme
mental vigor that is required to detach
oneself from the influence of national con-
sciousness and prove that national assur-
ance in a war of national honor is not
based upon reason which is peculiar to the
individual but inspired by emotion which
is commen to all. On questions of science,

 

»
oD

religion, morality, law, men following
their rational impulses are divided; on
maiters of honor there is always within
any country an unanimous bias. This is
“hot an accident of rational uniformity,
but the inevitable result of emotional in-
fection. If such unanimity happened
within the confines of a country once or
twice it would even then be stretehing a
point to regard it as the mere coincidence
arising from independent judgments. But
when a country is known to be one and to
present a united front in every war of
honor; when differences of opinion on re-
senting honor offences are almost non-
existent; when Congresses and Reichstags
vote to defend honer by unanimous as-
sent, we can no longer depend upon the
law of chanee to explain the alignment of
independent rational judgments into such
solid geographical phalanxes. Thought
is not contagious; if it were some of our
most serious edueational problems would
be solved.”

Mr. Chesterton extracts the diseon-
nected thought about Romain Rolland in
this passage (when he might just as-easily
have taken the case of Liebknecht vs. G&-
many) and writes us follows:

“For instance Mr. Perla has a curious
passage about emotional unification pro-
dueing the ‘certainty with which every
Frenchman but Roiland regards Germany
as the aggressor’ and even talks of the
‘extreme mental vigor’ needed to detach
oneself from it. Now in faet the French
masses showed not only far more mental
vigor but far more mental clarity when
they saw their homes burned and their
brethren butchered, and waited with a mind
unchanged, than Rolland ever showed
when he decamped comfortably to write
cloudy essays in Switzerland.

“And they did not merely feel or even

-think that Germany was the aggressor;

they knew it. They knew it first because
they were citizens and knew the faets, and
second because they were Frenchmen and
knew the Germans.”
To all of which I agree.
Leo Perna
New York, January 13, 1919.

New Booksof Lasting
Interest and Value
Wit, Wisdom and Foibles of the Great

By Charles A. Shriner

A fascinating new volume which introduces in an intimate and personal way the
men and women whose public lives form important chapters in history, but whose
private lives are largely sealed books. Here are hundreds of stories and anecdotes
revealing the personal habits, inclinations and experiences which indi-ate the real
characters of these people. This work offers the most enlightening and interesting
footnotes to history. 600 pages, cloth bound. Price, $5.00 net: by mail, $5.16.

“It is a most valuable book of reference ina Kbrary."—Johbn Hays Hammond.

Expressive English
By James C. Fernald, L.H.D.

This is destined to be one of the great
books on the English language.

author places meaning above every
other coasideration in writing and
speaking and he shows how the writer
or speaker can convey the exact im-
pression he wishes to convey, with the
greatest power and beauty. All phases
of English expression are treated in a most
helpful and enlichtening way that puts the full
power of the language at the command of the
reader. Secidom has there appeared a book on
this subject written in so entertaining a style.
Never has there appeared one that presents
the subject in a more modern and usabie way.

Chth bound, 474 pages. Price, $1.60, nat;
“The emphasis on principles the rg.
erence fur plain Janguage, and
adaptation of the subject to the needs of
the practical man, are the best fea
tures. —-T. W.Hunt, Litt.D., Ph.D.,
Princeton University.

Knowing Insects
Through Stories

By Floyd Bralliar

The interesting life of the insect world
is portrayed vividly in this new book.
The appearance, habits, characteris
tics, etc., of all kinds of insects, in-
cluding Butterflies, Beetles, Grasshop-
pers, Ants, Bees, and many other
varieties, are described in a pleasingly
simple style, and yet with careful ac-
curacy on the scientific side. The book ts not
only most entertaining, it ts aiso instructive,
identifying all the insects, showing which are
beneficial and which are injurious. This is a
simple course in Natural History, arranged in
an unusual and fascinating form. The book is
profusely illustrated, many of the plates

in the actual colors of the insects

It is bound in decorative cloth. Price, $1.60,

; by mail, $1.72.

tlusiraions are very

—L. O. Howard, Chie!
Entomology.

Nerve Control
and How to Gain It

By H. Addington Bruce

The cloud of mystery, which hides
this viral subject from the average man
Or woman, is hiown aside by this en-
lightening and reassuring book. In a
sirpie and sympathetic manner the
author explzins health-giving nerve
Control in all its phases. The impor-
tance of proper food, habits, exercise,
ete.. is explainw! The cures for trritabliity,
insomnia, melancholia. worry. timidity, and
other results of affected ner.es, are described.
While the book is written in popular language
easily understood. it teaches accepted scien-
=a and their application. Cwth
& Price, $1.00, net; by mail, $1.12.
“Mr. Bruce writes with his usual lucid
tty and simpiicity. It gives me pleasure
to recommend the book. to the worried,
the oversiruzned, the discouraged.” —
Samuel McComb, D.D.

 

The Unsound Mind

and the.Law
By George W. Jacoby, M.D.

A most valuable book for those inter-
ested in forensic psychiatry. It is a
careful consideration by an expert of
the various types of mental abnormal-
ity with a discussion as to the degrees
of responsibility that may be assigned
to persons classified under the different
categories. The first part of the book
deals with the general relation that jurispru-

bears to the treatment and restraint of
those suffering from mental disorders, and the
second treats of methods of diagnosis and dis-
crimination between different types. The
third and fourth parts cover hypnosis, sexual
enomalies, and the manner in which
ae should be rendered. loth bound.

rice, $8.00, net; by mail, $*.16.

 

“The book is simply and clearly written,
and is worthy of wide distributien among
the members of the legal and the med-
tical prefession.’ —Dr..Lewellys F. Barker.
Baltimore

For Sale in Ali Book-stores, and by the Publishers

FUNK & WAGNALLS COMPANY,

ee ee

254-360 Fourth Avenu, NEW YORK

eis

alts eg sabe

oo cea Sahel Laing sch so «