d

“Tin Cowrie Dass” Is
Out of Kipling’s India
HIS particular bock reporter has
T always held a private grudge
against Kipling for not letting him have
further knowledge of the artfully sug-
gested adventures of Strickland of the
Police. We naturally thought of Kipling,
and more specifically of Strickland, in
reading (at one sitting and in complete
and joyous abandon to the pleasures of a
thoroughly good story) the adventures of
Yin Cowrie Dass, by Henry Milner Ride-
out.

Not that Mr. Rideout has in any sense
imitated Kipling; for as a matter of fact
he writes in a much better style than did the
Kipling of the earlier Indian tales and
with quite as much originality. But it
ttruck us that the episode in the life of
Mr. Rideout’s engaging hero set forth
here was just the kind of an experience
Strickland mmst have had knowledge ef
and remained mute about through the pos-
sible indulence ef his creator.

There are some stories the reporter feels
he must net tell. MMs reasons for this
muy be delicacy of feeling, as in the case
of a “news story” connected with death or
some private scandal, or—as a reporter
ef new books--from the desire not to
epoil the virgin expericnee to the reader
of coming fresh to the pages of an ex-
eiting and absorbing tale. Mr. Ridcout’s
stery of Tin Cowrie Das: falls within this
last named elass of preseri;

And so there remains to say for it that
to those who know and love India and ils
Anglo-native worlds through Kipling’s
pages, here is matier for an hour's most
pleasureable renewal of such aequain-
tance. Since reading Amos Judd we can
recall no story based on Indian hfe, its
mysteries, its passion, its romantie color
so wholly charming and thrilling as this
tale of Mr. Rideout’s. It reflects all these
things as exquisitely as does a perfect
Indian pearl.

 

 

tions,

TIN COWRTE DASS. By Rexry Mrixre
Eivrevr. Duffield & Co. $1.25.

a
‘The Apartment
Ti, 9
Neat Door
W ILLIAM JOHNSTON'S new book,
The Apartment Next Door, is
certainly a lively and absorbing yarn
which holds one’s interest from first to
Just and wili appeal to reader
spy stories.

s who enjoy
my aceide nially
niurder under the window of her home in
a Riverside Drive apartment house which
also happens to be the home or headquar-
ters of twe suspicivasly acting Germans
whom Secret Service men are watching.
Learning of Jane's residence in the apart-
ment house and appealing to her patriot-
ism, the Secret Serviee men enlist her as
zn operative. As part of the scheme to
uncover the spies, Jane beeomes ac-
quainted with Frederie Hoff, who shares
the apartment next door to the Strong
apartment and who is believed to be in
league with his uncle. Jane falls in love
with the man whom she is trying her
best to expose, theuch her diseaveries have
convinced her that he is a criminal and an

Witnesses a

eneny to her country

We meet Gernian, Dritish and Ameri-
eax intelligence men. The stery intro-
duces sume of the most ingenious methods
of German plotters, telling of their plans
of destraction and describing in detail
their code and also the cleverness with
which they were thwarted.

TEL APARTMENT NEXT DOOR. By
Wruiam JoHNston. Little, Brown &
Co. $1.50.

 

A Three-Hour Story
That You Wiil Want
¢ Yo Finish at One Sitting

THE
WEB

By FREDERIC ARNOLD KUMMER

It moves. It captures the in-
terest instantly. It never loses
its hold for a moment. It car-
ries you throvgh fascinating
mysteries, thrilling dangers.
And there is a charming love
story.

All bcotstores. $1.50.
THE CENTURY CO.

   

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

The First Four Books of the | Penguin

By BARRETT H. CLARK.
I KNOW of no publisher who is in busi-
ness to amuse himself or fer his

health, and I very much doubt whether an
exelusively idealistic and philanthropic
“publishing house would prove of greater
benefit to the world than any other phil-

But there are publishers who take a cer-
tain justifiable pride in issuing a good
book, whether it sells or not, and who pos-
sibly thrill with a perverse pride pre-
cisely if it fails to pay for itself. I know
one American publisher who told me he
was bringing out a book he was positive
would not sell simply beeanse he “liked
it.” To eomplete the anecdote I might
add the fanciful touch that the book
proved a best seller—but it didn’t.

The aim of Messrs. Boni and Liverighit,
it seems to me, in beginning the Penguin
Series is not altogether cleemosynary ; bat
there is just enouvh idealism in the ven-
ture to inspire me with the hope that it
may prove suflicienily remunerative to
cneourage the young firm to extend the
series, <

As I understand, it is their, intention to
reprint forgotten or otherwise little-read
works of well known writers. The first
four volumes are th: result of this policy
and it is eredibly stated that the fifth and
sixth are to inelude unpublished essays
by Mark Twain and Walter Pater.

The four volumes that have just ap-
peared are remarkably interesting; they
comprise hittle-known stories and essays
by weil known writers: Lafeadio Hearn,
Henry James and Hermann Sudermann,
Mark Twain and Walter Pater will soon
take their place in the dignified company
~-an imposing array. Hnt let us hazard
the hope that volume seven will introduce
us to a new American writer.

And new for the books before us. Two
of them—Karma and Japanese Fairy
Tales, the former in particular—are im-
portant additions to the increasing steck
of Hearn “diseoveries.” These new dis-
eoveries have been frequent lately, for
Dodd Mead have during the past two
years published tliree volumes of excep-
tional interest, Interpretations of Litera-
ture and Appreciations of Portry. While
these are only stenozraphic reports of
students, they are so scrupulously exact
that very little is lost of the finish that
Hearn would doubiless have added if he

who published Caralry of the

Clouds, by Capt. Alan Boit of the
British Royal Flying Corps, have re-
ceived from Capt. Bott a letter in which
he relates his adventures as follows:

“T had reecived no correspondence at
ali—not even from home—for eleven
months. You may have heard that I was
wounded and eaptured m Palestine Iast
Mareh, my aeroplane being shot down in
flames. I was only a prisoner for four
months, but spent two more in escaping.
I made four attempts to get away and
was recaptured three times, but succeeded
the fourth. I got into hospital in Con-
stantinople by shamming mental derange-
ment and made my plans while there. I
escaped with an Australian captain
named White. We,knocked about Con-
stuntinople for two or three wecks—
White being disguised as a frowsy Turk
and myscif as sometimes a German officer
in mmufti and sometimes a Russian sailor.
We then stowed away on a dirty little
tramp steamer crossing the Black Sea to
Odessa. The Turkish police searched the
boat six times, but we managed to dodge
them by hiding in the ballast tanks under
the propeller shaft, right at the bottom
of the ship. At Odessa we got false pass-
ports as Russians, Jay low in a small room
in the Bolshevik quarter and kept clear
of the German and Austrian troops. We
even got bread and sugar rations on the
strength of our false passports. We were
both ill for a time, but when we recov-
ered we made arrangements with the Cas-
sack army (fighting the Bolsheviks in
the Don country) to travel with the En-
tente troops in Siberia. Then we heard
that the Allies were occupying Bulgaria,
so we stole to the docks at nighttime and
boarded a ship that was to leave next
morning for Varna (on the Bulgarian
coast). A Russian general disguised as
an engineer's mate and one of our spies
came with us. From Varna we travelled
to Sophia and joined the British army of
occupation. I then motored down to
Sulonica, shipped to Egypt, trained to
Palestine on special duty and flew up to
Damaseus. Afterwards I retnrned to
Kgypt, wasted an awful lot of cash at

Cairo, Alexandria and Port Said.”

 

OUBLEDAY, PAGE & COMPANY,

 

er a

OF Res se. aE

 

 

FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

had had an opportun.ty to look over the
proofs.

Of the two new Hearn velumes, Karma
is the more important. This contains, be-
sides the stery that gives the book its
title, a sketch on ghosts, an article on
Silal, the first muezzia, and a long study
on China and the Western World. Karma
is a story that produces an uncomfortable
sensation in one as i? some uneanny in-
quisitor were locking deep down into
one’s inmost thoughis. It is a tale of a
man’s struggJe with himself, of his re-
pentanee and arduons atonement. The
most highly finished and characteristic
work is, however, The First Muezzin,
Bilal—a life of Mohammed’s faithful
friend and follower, the first who ealled
the Mohawmedans to prayer. It breathes
the spirit of the East and is writen in
Hearn’s best manner, a composite of fluid
ease and chaste reticence. China and the
Western World is an absorbing study of
the Yellow Peril, one of the few econvine-
mg arguments T have scen on the subjeet.

The Japanese Fairy Tales—twenty in
all—are charming!y related, though only
the first four come from’ Hearn’s pen.
Hearn’s love of the supernatural is given
free play in his contributions. The six-
teen other tales are perhaps less brilliant
than the first four, but are none the less
attractive.

The third velume includes one long
short story and three short sketches by
Hermann Sudermann.

Tolanthe’s Wedding is one of the Prus-
sian writer's earliest works, Here, as in
the belter known Dame Care, we are
offered the spcetacle of a group of Kast
Prussian charaeters—in this case a
strangely grotesque lot. Ivlanthe’s Wed-
ding is a tale of lovers’ woes, whieh up
to the last page seem destined to end
tragically, but by a deft if net very con-
vineing stroke they are quickly given a
new turn @er the sake of a happy con-
elusion,

T have not read the original /ofanthe’s
Hoehzeit and I eamnot therefore speak
with authority on the merits of the trans-
lation as a faithfw rendering ef the
author’s style and spirt, but I may re-
mark in passing that the work done by
Adele 8. Seltzer is spirited in the ex-
treme; her style is buoyant and at times
almost reckless; it earries the story along

at what I feel must be the tom +> intended

Series

by Herr Sudermann.
this!

And finally we have an early and prac-
tieally unknown tale by Henry James,
Gabrielle de Bergerae. Gabrieli2 de Ber-
gerac is no finished masterpiece like The
Turn of the Serew or The Real Thing,
but it is one of the most striking ex-
amples of the sort of story which econ-
vineingly evokes a sense of the past.
Read this romantic tale in the light of the
writer's words to be found toward the
close of A Smali Boy and Others, where
he says:

‘

Not very Prussian,

- . * for he it was [his old
friend M. Ansiot, a bookseller in Bon-
jogne}] who most literally smelt of the
Vieux femps. Thus he im
pressed me as with an absolute ancientry
of type, of tone, of responsible taste,
above all; this last, [ mean, in literature,

T must have had told, in this
mere sovereipn sample of the accidentalty,
and

the quife unconsciously inpreten-

tiously, the all negligibly or supertiuously
handed down, of a rare ease of the pro
vineial and academic cuisire. A

T shouldn’t without him have been able to
claim, for whatever it may be worth, a
tenth (at that let me handson: ly put it)

of my ‘working’ sense of this vieux
temps.”
Gabrielle de Bergerac is the result of

James's viearions experience of the “olden
time”—in this instance the time immedi-
ately preceding the Freneh Levolution.
The student of James will, of course, try
to diseover in this youthful work indiea-
tions of the later Henry James, but he
will discover few traces of the mature
writer here, and he will perhaps sigh at
the thought that the autlor of The Golden
Bowl was at one time capable of wnting
so engaging and cameolike a story as
Gabrielle de Bergerac.

These four httle books have afforded
me a peculiar pleasure: [ have enjoyed
glimpses of three writers whose every as-
peet is arresting and a variety of impres-
sion and adventure that is rarely to be

inet with in newer books.
¢

TILE PENGUIN SERIES: Karma, by Law
CaDIO Hearn; Japancse Fuiry Tales, by

  

Lsarceapio Hesrn and others; Iolanthe’s
Wedding, by HegrMann Supenuann; Go
briclle de Bergerac, by Wexny JaAMER
Boni & Liveright. $1.25 each.

 

Facts on World Problems

Railway Situation—Foreign Markets—The League of

T= Balkan Tangle—Russia—Portugal—The American
a“

Nations—are these not vital questions to-day? Here are
volumes that will give you definite facts on all of them.

The Eastern Question

By J. A. R. Marriorr. 550
Pages. Net $4.25.

A systematic account of the ori-
gin and development of the East-
ern Question, dealing successively
with the Ottomafs, Hapsburgs,
Russian Empire, the Hellenic
Kingdom and the New Balkan
States, with an epilogue brought
down to June, 1918.

The Balkans

By Nevitte Forres and others.
408 Pages. Net $2.25.

An excellent volume to read in
connection with Marriott’s East-
ern Question. Histories of Bul-
garia, Serbia, Greece, Rumania
and ‘Turkey are included.

Russia

A histery from the Varangians
to the Bolsheviki, by RAayMoNnp
Beazvey and others. 626 Pages.

Net $4.25.

Portugal, Old & Young

By Georck Younc. 350 Pages,
F Net $2.25.

Portugal’s part in past and re-
cent European history, and the
potential moral and_ intellectual]
powers of her people.

American Railway

Problems

in the Light of European Expe
rience. By C. S. Vrooman.
384+ Pages. $2.40.

The results of private and goy-
ernment ownership of rathways in
Europe and some lessons theres
from for our country.

The Mechanism of

Exchange

By J. A. Topp. 270 Pages.
Net $2.25.

A handbook of currency, bank-
ing and trade, containing much
useful information for those en
gaged in foreign trade.

A REPUBLIC OF NATIONS
A Study of the Organization of a Federal League of Nations, by
Rarercu C. Mrvorn. 346 Pages. Net $2.50
Provides a definite programme for the formation of a permanent
League of Nations, with a constitution based on the Constitution of the

United States.

“Must be read by every serious stu-
dent of the most important issue now
before the world.”—Ciicago Evening
Post.

“Scholarly, dispassionate discussion
of the whole subject deserving of the
earnest, serious consideration of every
individual who loves peace.” — New

(Average weight of each book 2 lbs.; postage extra.)

At All Bookstores or from the Publishers

AMERI

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS

C AN
THIRTY-FIVE W. THIRTY-SECOND ST., NEW YORK

BRAN C H

York Sun.