a
Oe ete

B eRe mem near see me yore

ea

a acne Ri la ie anche A NC i i 1 at ORIEL By Qe taagattinecliai te CANE ame,

 

 

   

  

{

longer than any Brigadier-General in
the infantry. He was on the front line
until November 6 and a division com-
mander who was appointed to succeed

@allant Gen. Edwards removed him on

GALLIVAN ASSAILS
PERSHING'S STARE vse, "tcmemer” on th

. his brigade from last February, and the
reason assigned was that he was not
aggressive enough in his attacks.

“tie had been attacking and had
wained a further advance in the enenr’'s
line than any other brigade commander |
jin infantry. And in his brigade was}

 

 

Controlling Influence in It;
Was Leavenworth Clique,
Ife Asserts.

j vue regiment which was cited as a regi-
ment and the colors decorated. He
‘asked for a court of inquiry and after
; the court was held and the papers went
clear up the line they got to the com- |
mander in chief of the American Expc- |
+; ditionary Force. Gen. Pershing ordered |
IN| the man back to his brigade and said

‘he never should have been removed.”
American Army, Declares |

Bay State Representative. |AGREE ON $3,000,000
\FOR NATIONAL GUARD

‘106,000 Officers and Men

 

 

BLAMED FOR INJUSTICE

 

Militarism Is Rampant

 

 

 

Kprrial Despatch to Tar Svs.
Wasnuincton, Feb. 1-—“Thera are

Huns behind the lines as well as in front | Provided For in Committee.
of it.” asserted Representative Gallivan, | summamntotats
Democrat (Mass.), to-day in the House,

the American army which the men in| tional Guard at a strength of 106,000 of-
France had to fight against.” ficers and men during the next fiscal

Mr. Gallivan renewed his attack on), year was tentatively approved to-day
the “Leavenworth clique,” which he as-| by the Military Affairs Committee,

In its original estimates for the com-

Sorted was responsible for the demotion ing year the War Department submitted

of gallant officers not in its good gracem | oe 8 tentative figure for the Na-

The influence of the “Leavenworth | tional Guard, to keep this appropriation
clique,” the Representative emphatically alive, and when Gen, March was before
announced,extended to the General Staff the committee he explained that as the
in Washington, Militarism, he asserted, |
is rampant in the American army [ oveleoee it was impossible to form any
Replying to a suggestion from Repre-| accurate estimate as to what the future
sentative Decker (Mo.) that the state of |of that branch of the military establish-
affairs he described may have had its; ment wouid be.
inception at West Point, Mr. Gallivan In approving the $3,000,000 approprt-
told the House that he was not attacking | ation committee members followed the
the military school, but insisted that | recommendation of Brig.-Gen. John W.
West Point had a lot to learn. He quoted | Heavey, Chief of
a recent address of acting Judge Advo-| who stated the amount would be suf-
cate General Ansell to the effect that the) ficient because it was unlikely the Na-
aplrit-of the men and not military science | tional Guard, after Betng discharged from

bulk Of the old National Guard was still

the Militia Bureau,

had won the war. He cited cases of
what he termed “unfair and unjust ac-
tions” on the part of influences abroad
in the matter of promotions and demo-
tions of officers.

Leavenworth Men Blamed.

“I .am assured on high authority,”
Representative Gallivan sald, “that these |
unfair and unjust actions are credited,
to the so-called Leavenworth clique andj
there are men from West Point who are |
net In the Leavenworth clique. The War |
Department has certain army schools at |
Leavenworth, sort of  port-graduate |
schools, and these men who come out of |
Leavenworth have become closely banded
together.

“Whether Gen. Pershing is the head,
front and centre of the Leavenworth |
elique J cannot say, but it is well known !
that the controlling influence in his staff |
were members of the Leavenworth
clique. And, unless [ am led astray, men
in the regular line, {f assured of proper
Protection, will when Congress investi- }
gates the entire situation take the stand |
and under oath testify to the power and
the Influence and the unfairness of the
Leavenworth clique.

“I am advised from excellent sources
that a great many of these unmerited:
daemotiong were due to the influence and
power of this clique. I have sought to
separate the West Point system from the
Leavenworth system, and [ do not Intend
to lay up against West Point the injus-
tices that have been perpetrated upon
the American young men who gaye up
everything to go acroas the ocean,

“Y have 400 letters, which have come
te me from twenty-nine States in the
Union, and T will be glad to show these |
letters to any member of the House who
is interested in seeing the originais, eo
that Congress may realize what 1 refer
to is not loval to New Lngland but gen-
eral to the country.

Coming Back Disgrantled.

“These men are coming back disgriun-
tleé. Oh, yes. when they come into New
York or Boston or other ports of de-
barkation they are glorying the victors
won. They have defeated German au-
tocracy, but I have talked with dozens of
them and they have told me in many tn-
stances when they were fighting the
Huns in front of them they had to watch
for a few Huns behind them, and that is
the corpel truth, gentlemen of the House.

“If members of the House want an
explanation of this remark what I mean |
is the very militarism which they have
gone abroad to batter down they have
found in their own ranks behind thein,’ |

In explaining his point that militarism}
1s rampant in the American army Mr.
Gallivan said:

“Right here I want to warn the mem-
bers of inv own party who are con-
stantily criticising us when we endeavor
to bring to the attention of the country
the needs of these boys who are Aa
ing back and say to them that they
are making the mistake of their political
lives in rushing to an imaginary defence |
of the men who have been guilty of|
cruel wrongs to our soldier boys. It|
is no party question and the party that;
attempted to defend these men will go}
down in ignominious defeat. ]

“I am doing my party a efervice when |
I challenge the action of the mien abroad |
and I want to say that the men of
New England for whom I spoke the
other day, who are coming back only}
in dribs and drabs. are a unit in the
criticisms to which I have referred, and
once more I beg the men on this side
of the Iiouse to keep quiet unless they
can answer these attacks, and do not
put the Democratic party in a hole.”

 

 

 

 

Saunders Asks for Light.

“IT am certainly not anxious to put!
@nybody in a hole,” interrupted Repre- |
Sentative Saunders (Virginia), “but the}
@tatement that there were a few Huns |
fn the rear of the American army con-)
veys a very horrid idea and [| want}
to know what is meant by {t. You
know who were the Huns in front and
what they stood for. Does the gentle-
man mean to say that behind the Ameri-
can army there were men, officials or
otherwise, who so far as our men in
France were concerned stood with
reference to them just as the German
enemies in front of them stood?

“I want to know specifically just what
fis meant by a statement of that sort.
If there is any one who oueht not to be
protected I do not want to protect him
and if there is anybody who ought to be
punished I will join in freeing that he
is punished.”

In reply Mr. Gallivan said he was
quoting the boys with whom he had
talked and what they meant when they |
said they were “fighting the Huns be- |
hind them"; they meant “in all human |
probability that Hun autocracy which |
they were there to destroy but which !
they may is exemplified in our own}
ranks,”

“They meant‘hat that existed on the |
part of some of the officers in the
American army?" demanded Mr. Saun-
dere

“Pxactly,” replied Repersentative Gal-
livan.

|
!

Not Proud of High Command.

In his conversation with many re-
turned soldiers Mr. Gallivan said he had
not found one that was proud of the

high cammand in France. He gaid
hundreds of the letters he had received
clearly did not reach back to mere

rivalry for promotiong between officers. |
The letters I am reading are rea} |
letters which do not refer to individual
Promotions. I have letters from forty |
fix General officers above the rank of
Captain who saw service’ abroad and |
sere demoted, aud in most instances
men who got their places '
seen combat before, ? moe aa
“IT can refer to a distingul r
shed Briga- |
@ier-General of my city who bad fought

WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.—An appropria-
“in the form of a military autocracy In ‘tion of $3,000,000 to maintain the Na-

| George W. Steele to command the fleet

| perintendent

Federal service, could be recruited up to
106,000 officers and men, the minimum
provided for under the national defence
act, before the next
nearly over.

Gen. Heavey said that the expense of
maintaining the National Gjuard at the
maximum strength of 424,000 men, al-
lowed by the national defence act, would
be fpproximately $190,000,000 a year,
but that this would be reduced to $55,-
000,000 tf the War Department would
transfer to it needed supplies and equip-
ment from ite eurplua supplies

fiscal year was

 

U. S..NORSE TREATY RENEWED. |

Pact, Almost

100 Years ona, |
Changed Owing to Seamen's Law. |
WasuHtncton, Feb. 1.—By an eux-

change of notes to-day between Assist-
ant Secretary of Stute Phillips and
Minister Bryn of Norway, the treaty
of commerce and navigation between
the United States and Norway, ef-
fective to-morrow, which was denounced |
by the State Department a yea: agu.
was continued in force with changes
eilminating articles in conflict with the
Seamen's act of 1915

The treaty, nearly a century old, was
one of a number cf suca conventions
which the American Government found
i, necessary to uenounce witi the re-
quired vear's notice heeause of confilets
with the Seaman's act. The sections
elimingted related to Norwegian con-
sular control over Norwegiap seamen
in American ports, Without them, the
treaty remains in effect just as it was
negotiated in 1827.

 

ACCUSES U. 8, COMPTROLLER.

Treadway Charges He Is Abusing
Franking Privilege.

Wasttincton, Feb. 1.—-Representative
Treadway, Republican (Massachusetts).
charged In the House to-day that Cornp-
troller of the Currency Williams was
“abusing the franking privilege for the
personal support of himself as Comp-
troller.”

Mr. Treadway declared that
were to bankers on the

letters
|

sent general |

| mating list of the Comptroller's office in |

regard to an alleged attempt of a
paper correspondent to prevent

nNews-
Senate |

confirmation of Mr. Williame's reappoint-

ment. The letter referred to the corres |
spondent being called to Mr. Williams's |
office and Mr. Treadway questioned the |
Comptroller's right to call the corre-
spondent before him for examination. '

TWO ADMIRALS GOING TO SEA. |

 

Welles and Fberle Assigned to!
Commands of Divistons.
WasHINGTON, Feb. 1.-——-Naval orders
issued to-day assigned Rear Admiral

 

Roger Weiles, director of the Bureau
of Naval Imelligence, to command Di-
vision One of the Atlantic fleet; Rear
Admiral Edward W. Eberle, until re-
cently superintendent at Annapolis, to
command Division Five, and Captain

air detachment.

Captain Archibald Ii, Seales, com-
mandant of the Great Lakes Naval
Training Station, was detailed as su-|
at Annapolis, to fill the
left by Rear Admiral Eberle

Barton Home to Be Museum,

Rorpentown, Feb. 1.—The  sehvool |
building in which Clara Barton, the}
famous Rel Cross worker, first taugut |
schoo! In Bordentown will be purchased |
and set aside as a landmark and as a
“museum of relics of the great war if
plans formed by the local branch of the
National Security League are carried
out. The structure is oecupied by a
negro family.

 

vacancy

 

The Oriental Stere

Men’s

CONFEREES AGREE
~ ON WAR TAX BILL

Final Draft Will Be Pat Be-
fore House Friday and
Senate Saturday.

PASSAGE SEEMS CFRTAIN

Wrangle Over Campaign Levy
in $6,000,000,000 Meas;
ure Adjusted.

 

Wasntnaton, Feb. 1.--The war rev-
enue bill, revised to raise about $6,000,-
000,000 by taxation this year, and $4,-
000,000.000 annually thereafter
sumed final form late to-day when the

Senate and House conferees reached a

complete agreement on the measure. It!

will be presented to the House Wednes-
day.
The conterees already had announced

agreements on all tax rate adjustments, |
was devoted to compara-,

and to-day
tively minor provisions. Among these
Was the tax on campaign contributions,
a Senate provision Which the House
yesterday voted to reject and then after-
Ward to accept if modified to apply only
to future campaigns. The Senate con-
ferees, it was reported, yilelded the
ninendment and agreed to its elimina-
tion,

Bill Ready for Passage.
The conference report and final re-
iiraft will be called up in the House

Friday with the expectation of its ap-
proval before adjournment. It will go
to the Senate Saturday, and Chairman
Simmons of the Senate managers sald
to-night {ts passage was certain.

Absence of President Wlison, the con-
ferees stated, made doubtful the exact
date the new tax law would become ef-
fective, but would not interfere with
Treasury plans for collection of the new
taxes.

As Pres!dent Wilson probably will be
on the point of sailing when legislative
action on the bill is concluded, Senator
Simmons said to-night that the en-
grossed copy probably would be held
here for his approval. He then would
have ten days to consider it.

Agreement by the conferees paves the
way for final enactment of the legisla-
tion which President Wilson and former

Secretary McAdoo asked jast May. The
final draft, jike both House and Senate
measures, provides that of the gross

levy War excess profits and income taxes
shall bear the heaviest burdens,

SERVANT SUES FOR LEGACY.

Lafrings Claims Benefits Under Will
of Oliver H. Payne.

 

Claus Lafrinz, who says he was for
more than eighteen years a servant in
the household of Oliver H. Payne, who
died in his Fifth avenue home in August,
1917, filed in the County Clerk’s office
yesterday. summona and complaint in a
sult for $4,400 against Payne Whitney,
Lewie Cass Ledyard and Lewis (ass
Ledyard, Jr., as executors of the dece-
dent's estate.

Lafrinz allegeg that in the will of Mr.
Payne, each servant who had been em-
Ployed by him for two years or more
was to receive a legacy of $3,900, with
$200 additional for every year or fraction
of a year over two years’ mervice La-
frinz alleges he has not received his in-
heritance, although, he says, he has made
application for it

BEVERIDGE TO BE EULOGIST.

Chosen as Chief Orator for Roose-

 

velt Memortal Service.

Ann@®uncement war made yemerday by
Judge Crane of the Court of Appeals
that Albert J. Beveridge, formerly Sena
tor from Indiana, will eulogize the life
and deeds of Theodore Roosevelt at me
morial services to be held February 9
In the Brooklyn Academy cf Musie
Judge Crane was appointed recently by
Boreugh President Riegelmann as chair-
man of the Roosevelt memorial commit-

tee.

Lawrence Abbott, son of Dr. Lyman
Abbott, will be another speaker Mr
Abbett accompaiied Mrs. Roosevelt to

greet her husband upon his return from
the African jungle trip.

Ace to Attend Dinner to Wallis.

Capt. Edward Rickenbacker, Amer!-
can ace, will be one of the 200 guests at
a dinner to be held February 4 in the

Waldorf-Astoria in honor of Fredert:k;

A. Wallis, Fourth Deputy Pollee Com-
missioner. A large number of business
and profesional mnen have been invited
by TL A. CC, Smith, chairman. Mayor

Hylan, Chauncey M. Depew, former Ben-|
Joab

ator Burton, Alton RR. Parker and
Hedges are expected to speak. Geraldine
Farrar and Enrico Caruso will sing
Secretary Baker also has been invited.
George T, Wilson will be toastmaster.

Dove of Peace in Post Office.

Pease again reigns between Postmas-
ter Patten and the union of postal clerks
Recently Mr. Patten ordered that
bulletins published by the union should
not be posted in the post offices He
was waited on by a delegation from the
Central Federated Union and thereafter
permitted the bulletins to go up.

trday in Mr. Patten.

Ser
= aa
a hee ae

Furnishings

As direct importers of the materials
used in the making of the men’s furnish-
ings offered, we are enabled to quote
prices that—quality considered—cannot
be duplicated elsewhere:

SHIRTS—Negligee Shirts of Imported Japanese Cotton
Crepe, in a variety of striped designs or plain colors. Prices
—striped $2.75; plain colors, $3.50 and $5.00.

MEN'S SHIRTS of Imported Chinese Pongee Silk,

natural (light tan) color.

Price $5.59,

MEN'S SHIRTS of Imported Washable Japanese Habu-
tai Silk, in plain white or in white with stripes of the most

popular colorings.

Price $7.50.

YECKWEAR—Of specially woven Oriental Silks, in a
variety of exclusive designs and colorings. Prices $1 to $3.00,

PAJAMAS—Men's

of Washable

Pajamas

Ja
Habutai Silk, made especially to our ae & manufac-
turer who specializes in peieme-making in white, light blue,

pink and lavender.

Price per pair, $1

MEN'S PAJAMAS of Imported Chinese Silk Pongee,

which becomes softer
pair, $7.50.

the oftener it is washed, Price per

A. A. Vantine & Co., Inc.
Fifth Ave. & 39th St.

Lt scl toe aie alien Ka 2s tee fh

Dt ee i)

 

Sh se feat oleh be Rik oe ee eT
Ledirstite-dvestientetietestia det k M1)

hee ha) arnt

 

 

the!

The!
union passed a vote of confidence yes-)

Oe Oe OT ee RT

~~

_THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919,"

BOLSHEVIST DEFINED
AS KAISER FOLLOWER

The Rev. Dr. Eaton Styles
Him a Mere Burglar.

This is the Bolsheviet ag described
yesterday by the Rev. Dr. Charles A.
Katon at a Republican Club luncheon:

“The Bojshevist gets you by the scruff
of the neck, givessyou a ewift kick and
tells you to ‘get the hell out of here.’ He
then steps into the factory, sits down.
smokes his pipe and drinks a lot of
boose until the factory is wrecked.
After this he goes to another factory and
repeats the operation,

“He is a burglar, the greatest outrage
we have ever had in the world except
Prussianism. He has an idea that {f
you are etrong enough you can take
what you want from any one who, is
weaker. The Kaiser was the chief Bol-
shevist, but the world rose and beat him
to the dust.”

Dr. Eaton, who predicted the future

; Would see a great conflict between the
_ Slav and the Anglo-Saxon, also said:
: “I believe that the citizenship of Can-
ada and the United States ought to be
interchangeable. Can@da reaches out
,one hand to the old mother land across
| the sea and the other to her great sister
on the south and seeks to bring them
once more together, so that our great
Anglo-Bazon race shall be imperishable.
God bless Canada.”

It was “Canadian day" at the Repub-
Nican Club. The other speakers were
Newton W. Rowell, President of the
Canadian Privy Council; Justice Suther-
land of the High Court of Justice, and

,the chairman, Alderman Arnon L
| Squiere
}

ELECTRIC BOAT SUIT |
| MUST GO TO TRIAL,

Caso Involving W. G. Me-|
Adoo’s Brother Comes Up
in Newark.

 

 

Application to diemiss the complaint
under which stockholders of the Electric
Boat Company have been seeking to oust
Henry R. Carse, president of the com-

; pany, as a voting trustee of that con-
cern was denied in Newark yesterday by

Vice-Chancellor Lane, who consented
only to ordering part of the bi!l amended
| The sult was brought by Elihu B
Frost, vice-president of the company for
jeighteen years, and Mrs. Antoinette 1°
Btout. One of the principal allegations
is that Mr, Carse paid $40,000 to Mal-
colm Ross McAdoo, brother of the for-
mer Secretary of the Treasury and Rail-
road Administrator, to influence Govern-
ment officials, which charge was met by
indignant denials on the part of every
one whose name was connected with It

Counse] for Mr. Carse argued that the
bill was defective because it falled to
name certain necessary parties to the
action, and that it was vague because it
failed to name a “certain high Govern-
ment official,’ who was to have beer in-

owns all of the Electric Boat Company's
stock. 5

Under the amended complaint
Frost will appear as the only complain-
jant. Mra. Stout's interest in the suit
| was an outgrowth of her control of 500
shares of stock of the Submarine Boat
Corporation as an executor of the es-
tate of Calvin Frost. Incidentally Vice-
Chancellor Lane directed that the Sub-
marine Boat Co.poration and Henry R.
Sutphen and Thomas C. Dawson be
{named as codefendants. ‘Mr. Suthpen
jand Mr. Dawson are voting trustees
lunder the corporation's voting truat
| agreement.
| At the time the sult was brought
arse made a statement in which he
admitted paying £40,000 to Mr. McAdoo,
but said the money was out of his own
pocket and In payment for an engineer-
ing report on the company's plant in
New London, Conn. He said the
that the money was to be “used for cor-
ruption in Washington” was ridiculous.

Mr.

 

New Haven to Cut Sunday Trains,

New Haven, Conn, Feb 1.—Orders
Operative to-morrow will decrease the
rumber of freight trains over the New

York, New Haven and Hartford Rall-| binding upon all parties, provided, how- |

road on Sundays hereafter.
and station work is to

Shop, vard
be curtailed

siarply, with the object of eliminating
non-essential Sunday work.

   
   

|

j
'

|

|

|
|

ment in the world. It is

Cut ’cross lots by the
home you hoped for.

fore we have met you.

—and we trust them

|Fleet Corporation:

NN

 

Mr, | be
| United States, one to be appointed by |

harge |

"

SHIP STRIKE BREAKS'|
CONTRAGT, SAYS PIEZ

 

  

Director
Refuses to Deal With Men
Who Went Out.

REFUSES TO COMPROMISE.

 

 

Solemn Agreement of Leaders
Deliberately Ignored by — |
Men, He Says.

 

j
‘

 

Kpectal Nicepatch to Tae Sex. |
PHILADELPHIA, V’a., Feb. 1,—Charles

Piez, Director-General of the Emergency |

I'This redugtion

HOTELS CUT PHONE CHARGES.

Submit “Rather Than Inaconven-
fence the Public.”

“Rather than cause the public great
inconvenience” the hotel men of the city

| have decided to submit to the demands

of the Postal Administration and the
charge for telephone service in hotels
and clubs will hereafter be five cente
was agreed to after a
talk between Union M. Bethell, chairman
of the operating board of the United
States Telephone and Telegraph Admin-
istration, and Charles J. Campbell, coun-
sel for the association, in the Hotel As-
tor yesterday.

Mr, Bethell said he would proceed
with Mr. Burleson's order to cut off ser-
vice if the hotele continued to charge ten
cents fof a call. After consulting Fred
A, Musehenheim, chairman of the tele-
phone committees of the Hotel Associa-
tion, Mr. Campbell said that the hotels
would comply with the order. Hotel
men assert, however, that it will cause
great financial loss to them.

TAKAKI’S FUNERAL HELD.

 

CRY OF BANKRUPTCY
~ HEARD IN SENATE

Item of 200,000,000 for
Postal Road Building Meets
Opposition.

| DANTELS IS UNDER FIRE

 

Thomas and Weeks Make Gen-
eral Attack on Size of
Appropriations.

 

WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.—Opposing an
item of $200,000,000 in the Post Office
appropriation bill for a three year

! ' .
Fleet Corporation, to-day authorized &! Body of Motor Car Victim Will Be | 'Uliting programme Senator Thomas

statement in regard to the atrike of ship-
yard workers on the Pactfic Coast.
“The atrike,” he said, “is a direct vio-
lation of a solemn contract entered into
by the American Federation of labor,
representing the shipyard workers, the
United States Navy the United
States Shipping Board Emergency Fleet |
Corporation. |
The men involved in the strike should |
realize that the emergency of war 1s)

and

Japanese Mr akaki wa f 0 0
past and that the need of ships is not | Paron Ranchiro’ Pakekl, but fer Pal
as great as while the war was in/ than twenty years he had been a resi-
orcgrend. Loon of teu He had been for many

“The mer nes 7) Corporation, ata a ee Orientals etudying
The Emergency Fleet 1 ; Christianits The simple ritual of the
as trustee of the money of the people | Mpiscopal Church was read by the Rev.
of the United States, cannot couipromiste | Dr. Ernest M. Stires, rector of St.
a vital moral principle. It is bound | Thomas's. The body was laid in the
by an agreement with the shipyard) vault of the church to await being sent

workers throughout the country which
is irrevocable, except through modifica-
tion by mutual consent.

“The shipbuilding labor adjusting
board, popularly known as the Macy
Poard, is the tribunal before which the
shipyard workers, Navy Department
and the Emergency Fleet Corporation
agreed to submit all questions tnvolv-
{ng wager, hours and working conditions.
In striking before the expiration of the
Macy award which fixed the rafe of
wages to be paid up to March 31, 1919.
the men were guilty of a breach of
agreement #olemniy entered into by
thelr international presidents, and by
this action they have repudiated the
verdict of the supreme tribunal they
helped to create.

‘The decisions of this tribunal have
been and must continue to be binding
upon the Emergency Fleet Corporation
and the workers alike. So long as the
workers remain away from their posts
the Emergency Fleet Corporation cannot
treat with them.

“The original agreement,
entered into in August, 1917,
created the Macy
compact by the unions, the Emergency

which was
and which

Roosevejt, acting Secretary of the Navy:

Boat Company to the Submarine Boat} Department, Jonn 1. Noland of the In
Corporation.” Mr. Carse also is presi-|ternational Molders Union of North
dent of the latter corporation, which] America, J. P. Franklin, integnational

era of Arserica; James Wilson, president
Pattern Makers League of Nort); Amer-
{ca;
International Union of Steam and
erating Engineere; WoC
eral vice-president International Brother-
hood of Blacksiniths and Helpers; F.1D,
MeNulty, L. RB. M. of W.; John J. Hynes,
president Amalgamated Sheet Metal
Workers of America, and William
Johnston, 1. A. of M., per H. Flaherts

“THs agreement provided for the ap-

ferences, such board to consiet of three
persons, one to represent the public, to
appointed by the Fremident of the

Gainuel Gompers, representing the Amer-
ican Federation of labor. and one to be
appointed jointly by the Emergency
Fleet Corporation and the Navy.

“The President of the United States
placed his influence behind the enter-
prise by appointing the chairman of the
board

 

 

board, was a joint!

Fleet Corporation and the Navy. It was
amended in December, 1917, and in this
final fori was signed by Frankia 1). ;

president Bolle? Makers Iron Shipbuild- |

Milton Snellings, general president |
Op- !
. Vandornes, gen-!

H. |

Sent to Japan.

Funeral services were conducted yes-
terday in St. Thomas’s Church for
Shunzo Takaki, prominent Japanese
merchant and banker, who died in St.
Luke's Hospital on Wednesday of inju-
ries received several days before when
he was knqcked down by an automobile
at Riverside Drive and 121st street. Hie
home was in 307 West Seventy-ninth
street. .

More than 1,000 persons attended the
funeral, among them many prominent

to Japan.

INFLUENZA AGAIN DECLINES.

Fewer New Cases and Deaths Than
in Pervious Day's Report.

Influenza and pneumonia cases, and
aleo deaths, again showed a decline, ac-
| cording to the report to the Health le-
| partment covering the twenty-four hour
{period ended yesterday. But 441 influ-
enza Cases were recorded, as against 534
the day before. Pneumonia cases num-
' bered 108, as compared with 174 re-
‘ported Friday. Influenza deathe totalled
| 67, a decrease of 22, and there were but
' 91 pneumonia deaths, as against 105 the
previous day.

Following are the new cases reported
yesterday by boroughs:

 

 

Influ Poeu-

enza tmonie.
MOANAER 6 6cc0s cen see sess 213 6
BPOOKIY Os 0b teases hes cee vs 128 1}
LPRPONE (sav oRROW EMS e Des a7 on
Queans SSC CRD EEE COBO OES 27 11
} Richmond............ osetece 9 1
Totals 441 108

 

 

Tourniquet Stops Blood Fftowing

fluenced. The bill alleged that Mr. Carse,| Charles Plez of the theres” biboed From Injared Chauffear.

through control of two covoting trus-| Corporation, William Blackman of the) : ;
tees who were named, “diverted lurge| Emergency leet Corporation, James! A tourniquet made from a police:nan’s
and valuable contracts from the Electric | O'Connell, president of the Meta! Trades Dilly probably saved James Kelly. 46,

| from bleeding to death yesterday. Kelly,

fa chauffeur, who lives at 1343 Forty-first |

| street, Brooktyn, fell from his automo-
bile at Twelfth avenue and Forty-sixth
street. His right hand was caught and
badly mashed in the sprocket of the ma-
chine,

Patrolman Brown, remembering his
“first aid” lessons, used the leather thong
of his billy to estanch thé flow of blood
until a eurgeon from Kings County Hos-
;bital arrived Kelly was taken to the
j institution in a serious condition

pointment of a board to adjust all dif-;

 

All Sales
‘ Final
} Ne C. O. D.’s

 

“This agreement further provided that |

‘The decisions of the board will, in #0}
far as this agreement may be capable |
of achieving such results, be final and!

ever, that elther the employers or em-
ploysees may have the right to appeal
from the decisions of the

Cut ’Cross Lots To
The Home You Hoped For

There’s a quicker path—a_ short-cut—leading
from where you stand now to that dream home of
yours that you supposed was several years away.

It is the short-cut of Credit, that form of confi-
dence which makes possible every big accomplish-

through Credit that gov-

ernments are carried on, ships are built, streets are
paved, houses are erected and homes are furnished.

Credit path to the better

Here at the Cowperthwait &
Sons’ big store we have developed Credit to a
wonderful degree. Your name is good with us be-
We know home-lovers——have
dealt with them for 112 years right here in New York

pladly. At the time you order
your new things small weekly or monthly payments
will be arranged to suit your convenience.

CowPERTHWAIT & Sons

“Oldest Furniture House in America’
3rd Avenue at 12I1st Street

adjustment !
(board to a board of review and appeal.’ "|

Formerly sold from $7.00 to $12.00

1 (Colorado) declared to-day that lavish
appropriations were threatening na-
national bankruptcy. Similar views were
expressed by Senator Weeks (Massachu-

setts) and both sharply criticized the
three year navy. building programme
recommended by Secretary Daniels.
“Here we're talking about a league
of nations to inaugurate the dawn of
the miilenium,” said Senator Thomas,
“not for a thousand years, but for hun-
dreds of thousands cf years, and ye
the Secretary of the Navy wants the
j largest navy in the world
“Tf a pacifist Secretary of the Navy
wants this, in the name of God what
; would a belligerent Secretary want’
“The Secretary of War wants an army
of a half million men, apparentty to fight
only the ;owere of Heaven and Hell,
because the powers of earth are not to
} attack this plan for perpetual peace.”
Declaring that Congressmen by in-
sisting upon local appropriations are
“sapping the Treasury,” Genator Thomas
asked, “How long is the Government go-
ing to be solvent? Idontknow. I believe
we are heading directly for the rocks
of national insolvency, with supreme
indifference by Congress, unmindful of
the burden of the war and indifferent
to anything exe¢ept satisfying local con-
stituents.”

Class Legisiation Charged.

charged that an
amendment to the road appropriation
item providing for use of funda on
roads ‘which may be used” for postal
service was a “joker” and ciass l¢sisla-
tion. He added that although Demo-
crats had criticised Republicans for
enacting class legislation more of that
kind had been passed during the last
six years of Democratic administration
than ever before in the history of the

Senator Thomas

Government.
The Senate without a record vote
adopted the committee arnendment in-

creasing to $850,500 the House appro-
priation of $300,000 for airplane mail
service after rejecting an amendment by
Senator New (Ind.) to retain the House
provision

In urging adoption of the New amend-
ment Senator King (Utah) pleaded
greater economy on the Government's
part, declaring this was a “very bad and
finproper time for making appropriations
| for experiments and placing the investi-
| kation in the hands of men not qualified
to make them.”

Senators McKellar (Tenn.) and Towns-
end (Mich.) urged that a suffictent aj-
|} lowance be given the postal authorities
| to make experiments in carrying mall by
| airplanes so as to determine finally the
| practicability of the scheine.
{

Government Operation Questioned.

The right of the Government to op-
| erate ships and railroads was questioned
thy Senators Knox (fenn.) and King

 

(Utah). Senator Knox said {t would
be interesting to know under what au-
thority of the Constitution such power
was given.

Senator Lenroot (Wis.) contended it

was given under the interstate con-
meres laws and decisions of the Supreme
Court.
Opposing an appropriation of $300,000
for the Post Office Department to con-
duct an experiment in the delivery of
farm products from producer to con-
sumer, Senator King said that Fourth
Assistant Postmaster-General Blaksles
violated the provisions of the law in
conducting a previous experiment.

KIRCHWEY DEFENDS BUREAU.

Dentes Inefficiency Charge Against
Federal Employment Service.

Dr. George W. Kirchwey, Federal Dt-
rector of Employment for the State, de-
nied yesterday @ charge made by the As-
sociated Manufacturers and Merchants
of New York that the United States em-
ployment service ts providing jobs for
business agents of organized labor and
social welfare workers. He said:

“The service has during the last week
directly placed nearly 100,000 persons, @
large proprotion of them being returned
soldiers and sailors, back in industry.
and it has through a vast machinery of
cooperation with welfare and other gov-
ernmmental agencies and through its
widespread propaganda aided in finding
positions for many more.

“The amount of this service can never
be accurately estimated, but it Is safe
to say that the Federal employment ser-
vice is the one agency that stands be-
tween the country and a condition of
unemployment which would, without its
aid, result in a dangerous condition of
unrest and demoralization.

“There js no reason to suppose that
the need for the service will grow Jess
until the work of reconstruction has been
fully accomplished.”

The letter to which Dr. Kirechwey ob
jected was signed by Mark A. Daly, gen-
eral secretary of the Associated Manu-
facturers and Merchants. It contained
the statement that “mort people belie:e
the United States employment service
has been a failure.” ’

MISS PACK WOOD TRACED.

Jersey Innkeeper Tells of Parchase
of Brandy.

Additional evidence bearing upon the
life of Azeele Fackwood, who committed
suicide on the Palisades, was given yes-
terday by Fritz Walch, proprietor of the
Buena Vista Hotel in Edgewater, N. J
He and his son sald they distinctly re-
member the girl and declared yesterda\
that she used to walk upon the cliff ever:
day. She was invariably accompanied
by a tall, blond man, who was to all
appearances prosperous.

The last time they saw her was three
months ago. She visited the hotel art
asked for a bottle of brandy. Young
Walch called his father, because at that
time the Federal authorities were par-
| ticularly emphatic In their warning
| against allowing Nquor to get to soldiers

at Cainp Merritt. When Walch, Sr. raw
who it was he aold her the bottle im-
mediately She was driven away in a
taxi belonging to James Brown of Fn-
gliewood. Brown and the Walch family
are positive the visitor was Miss Pack-
wood, and they will go to Englewood to-
day to Identify the clothing.

Counsel for the girl, awaiting the ar-
rival of her brother from St. Louls, re-
fused to divulge certain Information that
he possesses concerning her life until

| Monday.

 

 

 

 

\

France Bars Pan African Congress.

WasniIncton, Feb, 1.-—-Passports for
negroes desiring to attend the Pan Afr'-
can Congress at Paris have been re-
fused by the State Department, which
announced to-day that the French Gov-
ernment did not consider the present @
jrerereo time to hold such a confer-

} ence.
a

 

 

  

; , ies
ava a rd Y E n

1 tesa =~ Stamped ona Shoe Means Standard of Merit
ts

34" St. New York

cTeeoeere

All Sales
. Final
\ No C. 0. D.'s
¢

No Exchanges
Ne Credits

 

TO-MORROW—LAST DAY OF OUR

Final Clean-

 

r pair

 

ESS and Walking Shoes of Cocoa, Russia and Black

Calf; Black, Brown and Gray Kid; Patent Leather
Vamps with Blackand White Kid Tops; Colored Kids or com-
binations of most of these leathers with coivred kid and
cloth tops; military and Louis XVI Heel Models.

WOMEN’S EVENING SLIPPERS

Colored Satins and Bullion Cloths

in plain and

  

brocaded effects.

Formerly sold from $6.00 to $12.00 |

 

| 9.95

 

 

 

Not Every Size in Each Style, but All Sizes in the Loi

 

Knhe Sleiman

aR che TE

v¢

 

Fe

>a