Some Stories in the
February Magazines

By DOROTHY SCARBOROUGH.
T is understood that magazines in gen-

eral are rather hard up for story ma-
terial just now, since the Sudden signing
of the armistice made much of the copy on
hand seem inappropriate for use. Various
publications have been sending™ out dis-
tress calls for stories, but a good deal of
the fietion in the current issues would ap-
parently indicate that the response has
not been altogether satisfactory.

The February issue of the Metropolitan
is announced as a fiction number. True, it
contains four stories, pleasantly varied as
to theme and locale, but they are in no
sense memorable. Treasure, by Mary
Heaton Vorse, offers occasional mild
thrills, but the materials are of the tritest
—the stranded ship, the young boy grow-
ing to manhood on the savage island, his
failure to fit into civilization on his re-
turn, and the fruitless search for buried
treasure. The Key to Paradise, by Cosmo
Hamilton, is another feeble. variant on
the aged theme of the beautiful wife who
finds worldliness suddenly pall and who
runs away to the country to fall in love
with her husband. Only novel character-
ization and a freshness of style could make
these venerable incidents worth reading,
as they are not here. Peepers All, by Ebi-
nor Mordaunt, is a general mixup of man-
ufactured emotion, with a Chinaman, a
Eurasian, a German Jew and two Ameri-
cans doing puppet performance. The
Stars in Their Courses, by Mary Chol-
mondeley, is a rather entertaining story of
conflict between two women, but we dont
really care about any of the characters.

The Century this month is almost ex-
elusively English in its stories, for three
out of four examples of short fiction are
by British authors. One rather wonders
why, since the specimeus chosen are not
meritorious beyoud the possibilities of
American short story writers. Hilary
Malthy, by Max Beerbohm, is an inter-
minable and undramatie account of rivalry
between two writers. The reader floun-

_ ders patiently throngh about 14,000 words
with inadequate recompense for his ex-
ertion. 7

Harper's best story this month is The
Friendship of Men, by Maria Moravsky,
a story which has not been “standardized”
to the conventions of American short
stories and which has a sweep of emotions
that is infrequent among us. Maria
Moravsky is a new writer who should go
far, and it is hoped that she may preserve
her individuality of style.

Confidence, by Carrol] K. Michener, in
Seribner’s, has refreshing naturalr ess and
charm in the telling of a love stor This
account of a man who lacked u.surance,
and to whom love brought confidence in
himself, is admirable in its contrast to an-
other story of a timid lover, The Spec-
tacular Lorer, by Dana Gatlin, in Me-
Clure’s. Here the man who covers up his
terrifying timidity by swift and indiserim-
inate philandering doesn't make us believe
in him at all, though he is rather amusing.
It seems a pity for Dana Gatlin to waste
her genuine talent in writing artificial love
stories that are merely popular. Popular-
ity has spoiled more than one writer. Of
course a really good love story is one of
the rarest and most difficult of literary
achievements, but that fact doesn’t excuse
the number of superficial romances found
in our magazines to-day.

A still more warning example of the
attempt to write a love siory without any
inspiration is The Lions im the Way, by
Bess Streeter Aldrich, in the People’s

A Whiff of Ozone in EveryLine
Cap’n Jonah’s
Fortu

By JAMES A. COOPER
A new book by the author of Cap'n Abe,

ecper
12me., cloth, net $1.50, wrapper ia color
and four illustrations.

Whether you are a “landlubber” or an
“old salt” you will enjoy immensely the
reading of this wholesome story of Cape
Cod and its quaint fisher folk.

George Sully & Company

373 Fourth Avenue, New York

 

    
     
       
       
     

   

yy

a Nc A, ee, Sa

Home Journal. This publication runs
largely to the oversentimentalized tale,
and here the writer has teleseoped two
engagements, with a result fatal to the
story. The plot skids down hill to the
deplorable twice happy ending in a man-
ner as remote from life us from art.

The Education of Paul Gant, by How-
ard Mumford Jones, in the Smart Set,
is a story sincere in substance and in form,
pleasingly contrasted with the meretri-
cious cleverness of the other slories in its
company. This is a telling) piece of satire
of a man who slaves to get a Ph. D. and
then tries to live on the salary paid a col-
lege instrnctor—which would make good
reading for college presidents and trus-
tees. No one could have written this story
or could appreciate it save one who has
suffered the pains and terrors incident to
a doctor’s degree. and has tried to live up
to fixed social and intellectual standards
on an impossible salary. The scene of
the oral examination is extremely vivid.

Giving It Away, in the All Story Weekly,
is another of FE. K. Means’s clever negro
dialect stories. Here the plot is too neatly
constructed to seem real, too well turned
fur the slipshod actuality of darkey psy-
chology, and in so far the story fails to be
credible. But the dialect and the char-
acterization are realistic and convincing.
Mr. Means is doing something worth while
in bringing back to favor the negro dia-
lect story, which has lapsed from popu-
larity for some years. Jlis descriptions
of the colored persons in their unlettered
rusticity weuld probably be amnsing to
any one, though Southerners would enjoy
them most because most fa:miar with the
originals,

Un Morso Doo Pang, by Edna Ferber,
in Collier's, showing the gulf that les be-
tween the sma!l town girl who stands still
while her lover experiences dazzling dan-
ger and Jearning in France, touches more
lives than that of little Tessie Golden. Miss
Ferber’s stories reveal human emotion and
also leave the residuum of a thought in the
reader’s mind.

The Final Crop, by Albert Payson Ter-
hune, in the Green Book, is rather trite in
its dietion, but shows considerable feeling
in its character drawing. “Old Misery”
and his son are worth while in their
simple manhood and devotion to each
other. The atmosphere of the Kentucky
mountains is good and the court scene
where the son makes his novel speech in
defence of his father is affecting.

The Black Guill, by M. Emery Hull, in

_the current number of the Argosy, is a
good story of the sea, with the mariner’s
superstition well brought out in the un-
canny incidents and atmosphere.

Hler Wifely Duty, by Helen R. Martin,
in the J’ictorial Review, is delicious in its
characterization of the young wife revolt-
ing against cireumstanees and her. sponse.
Her hnsband and his family, being Men-
nonites, hold serious and purely utilitarian
views concerning woman's place and
duties, but the spirited young wife is
finally goaded into shattering their eco-
nomi¢e scheme to bits and lettimg fate re-
mold the fragments nearer to her ideas
of the desirable. Her arguments with her
husband as to her duty on divers points
show excellent character comedy. Helen
TR. Martin knows the mind and life of the
Pennsylvania Dutch and is at her best
when she is reporting their humors. She
is very much more worth reading when
she merely attempted to tell a story, as
here, than when she has her fiction mount
a soap box and assail social conditions at
large, as she has shown a distressing ten-
dency to do of late. .«

The Sik Hat, by Julian Street, in Me-
Clure’s, is a rather big story, with a logi-
eal unfolding of plot and inimitability of
outcome. Tt is a satirical characterization
of a wealthy publisher with a string of
newspapers all over the country, who art-
fully plays on the feelings of the proleta-
riat, and who has made mistakes in his at-
tituds toward the war.

Paradise Regained, by Sammnel A.
Derieux, in the American, is a delight-
fully sincere and human tale of a smail
boy’s struggles with ethieal problems. One
wonders why the American doesn’t print
more stories like that instead of the su-
perficial, artificial and generally valueless
piffle produced by Holworthy Hall, the
one in the present issue for example.

— SSC >

Moffat, Yard & Company will publish
this spring The Story of Versailles, by
Francis Loring Pyne; Remaking a Man,
by Courtmey Baylor of the Emmanucl
Movement; The Flail, a novel depicting
the Americanization of the son of Ger-
man parents, Hy Leonard Strange;*The
Gentile Wife, by Rita Wellman (the play
in which Emily Stevens has been seen this
season) ; George Gordon's The Men Who
Make Our Novels and Henry Leverage’s
The White Cipher.

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

FEBRUARY 2, 1919. | 5

os

=p

 

THE POILU.
From Raemaeker’s “Cartoon History of the War,” Volume II.

HERE is plenty of the weird and mystic in

“Blye Aloes,” there are incidents and scenes
that you rarely encounter in modern fiction, there
are thrills enough to more than satisfy you, and
there’s the passion and romance of South Africa
permeating the pages that gets into your system and
carries you to the dreamy, fascinating Veldt which
Cynthia Stockley knows so well. A thoroughly en-
joyable book, whatever your preferences. $1.50

Blue Aloes

By CYNTHIA STOCKLEY

Act'or of “Poppy”
“Te Claw,” “Wanderfoot,” etc.

New Yok G. P. Putnam’s Sons tondon

 

               
    
     

 

| WHAT novel had, during December, the “largest sale” in twenty
large cities?

WHAT novel was, and still is, most in demand at the public libraries? |
| WHAT novel is still selling continuously all over this country?
{
1

 
  
 

The answer ts

“SHAVINGS”

|

|

‘By JOSEPH C. LINCOLN. .
: and the reason

— because it is the most entertaining story of the sex-on.

ookstores, $1.56 net.

    
   
 
   

| This Is an Appleton Book. For Sale at All B

Re:

Set

 

 

 

 

By the Author of ‘The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse’”’

The Shadow of the
Cathedral —

WILLIAM DEAN HCWELLS, in his Introduction to this significant
novel by Blasco Ibenez, calls the book “‘one of the fullest and richest in
modern fiction, worthy to rank with the greatest Russian work and
beyond anything yct done im English.”

Translated by Mrs. W. A. GILLESPIE. New Edition, ertirely reset, $1.90 net.

For Sale at all E. P. DUTTON & co. 681 Sth Ave.

New York.

   

A