6 THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

” Ghe stein Siew

BOOKS AND THE BOOK WORLD
ieee ere eerie ees ce peer ores eee aon :
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919. _
Speers Saconcmecseceeseciesaaeamesseseeraes eee

BOOKS FOR A LITERATURE CLASS.

ROM the head of the English department in a
* Kansas eollege this request:

‘‘Give me a list of books published during the
Jast ten years that should be included in college
English laboratory classes in literature. I want
your list. I have my own, but fear it is too
academic.”

The following list is an offhand attempt to com-
ply with this request. It is offered merely for the
Buggestions it ‘may contain. If the ten year re-
Btriction is rigid we ask pardon for such titles has
may be a little older than that. Strike them out.

For Kansans: Wi.1a Sinert CaTHEer’s novels, O
Pioneers! and My Antonia, chronicling people and
epochs of Kansas-Nebraska. Wiuuiam ALLEN
Wuite’s A Certain Rich Man and In the Heart of
@ Fool, less for their Kansas-ness than for their
Americanism and huainity.

For Middle Westerners: Merrepira NIcHOoL-
Bon’s The Valley of Democracy. Zona GaALe’s
Birth. Cari Saxpsurea’s Chicago Poems. Epoar

Zire Masrsrs’s Spoon River Anthology. ‘Vacnen
Linpsay’s longer poems. Mary S.  Warts’s
Nath Burke and Van Cleve: His Friends and
Tis Family. Lorv Cuarnwoon’s life of Lineoln.
Wi1um Dean Howe ts’s The Leatherwood God.
Boorn Tarkineton’s The Conquest of Canaan
‘(first published about fourteen years ago) and The
Magnificent Ambersons. GexXe Srratron-PorTER’s
'A Daughter of the Land, her Freckles and her A
Girl of the Limberlost. One or two books by
Harotp Bett Wricnr. The Passing of the
Fronticr, by Emerson Hovan, and other books in
the Chronicles of America series published by tite
Yale University Press.

Broadening Out.
Mary S. Warts’s The Rise of
Jennic Cushing. OwrEn Wister’s The Virginian
‘Gf not barred under the ten year rule). Boorn
TarkINGTON’s The Flirt. Novels with American
settings by GerTrupe ATHERTON and Stewarr Ep-
warp Wuitr. Mary Jounston’s The Long Roll
Wita Sisert Carurr’s The
Epira Wuarton’s Ethan
Frome. Auice Brown's The ELLEN
Guascow’s The Deliverance. Corra
A Cireuit-Rider’s Wife. All of O. Henry.
Garret De.ann’s The Iron Woman.
by Wixstox Crurcami. Ernest Pooir’s The
Harbor. Josern UHeregesuerer’s The Three
Black Pennys, his Gold ang Iron‘and his Java
Head.
American biographies too numerous to mention.
From of
American Forcign Policy by Lataxe (published by
the educational department of Doubleday, Page &

For Americans:

and Cease Firing.

Song of the Lark.
Prisoner.
Hakkris’s
Mar-
Earlier novels

Historical books by THropore Roosrve.r.

Isolation to Leadership: A Review

Company). Essays, such as those of A@nes Rep-
PLIER.

Each of these enumerations presupposes “the
books already named, or most of them. Don’t treat
Many of
them arent. Those that have fine literary workman-

them as pieces of literary workmanship.

ship have something else, too—and it’s the other
thing, cr things, that count. Fine art in a book is
like good breeding in a person, a passport, not a

Magna Charta. ‘‘Manners makyth man’’—yah!

High School English Teaching.

We are also asked:
“What are some of the things which should
enter into the training of teachers of high school
Encglish?”’
We reply:
A regard for literature, not as it reflects life, but
as it moulds lives.

A-profound respect for an
author who can find 100,000 readers, a respect at
least equal to that entertained for an author who
can wr ie superlatively well. Get
it out of your head that you can afford to con-

For instance:

descend toward a best seller, or to worship such a

writer as SteveNSON for his sheer craftsmanship.
An instinct for what will nourish the ordinary

man or wouian as keen as your perception of what

a ti TT oT i a eae
-

Don't
insist that people must live on what you, or any
one else, declare to be good for them. It is not for
nothing that they ‘‘don’t know anything about
literature, but know what they like.’’

A confidence in the greater wisdom of the great-
TARKINGTON got it right. The pub-
lic wants the best it is eapable of understanding ;
its understanding may not be the highest under-
standing, but ‘‘the writer who stoops to conquer
Neither does the writer who

will be relished by the fastidious reader.

est number.

doesn’t eonquer.”’

never concedes anything. The publie’s standard
can't always be wrong; the private standards can't

always be right.
What Do They Find There?

ARNOLD BENNETT says, quite rightly, that the
classics are made and kept alive by ‘‘the passionate
But the business of high school teachers of
English is not with the passionate few—who will
look after thefnselves—but with the unimpassioned
many. You can lead the student to Mr. Pore’s
Pierian spring, but you eannot make him drink.

29

few.

Unless you can show him, in the Missourian sense,
it’s all off. If you can’t tell what it is a girl likes
in Grace S. Ricumonp how are you going to show
her what she'll like in Dickens? Unless you know
what it is that “‘they’’ get out of these books they
do read you won't be able to bait the hook with the
things you want them to read. Don’t you think
you’ve got a lot to learm yourself? Arta mightn’t
you do worsé than sit down yourself and read at-
tentively, at whatever personal cost, some of the
best sellers? :

It all goes back to the size of the teacher’s share
of our common humanity. A person wko can’t
read a detective story for the sake of the thrills has
no business teaching high school English. A per-
son who is a literary snob is unfit to teach high
school English. A person who ean’t sense (better
yet, share) the common feeling about a popular
writer and comprehend the basis of it and sympa-
thize a little with it and express it more or less
articulately in everyday speech is not qualified to
teach high school English.

“Composition” Writing. :
A word about writing ‘‘compositions’’ in high
Make ‘em write stories in-
If they want to tackle thumbnail sketches
or abstracter writing—little essays—why, let ’em.

school English classes.

stead.

Abstractions in thought and writing are like the

ocean—it’s fatally easy to get beyond your depth,

and every one else’s. Read what Sir Arrutr
QuILLER-Covcn says about this in his Studies in
literature (G. P. Putnam's Sons. $2.50). Onee

in a while a theologian urges us to *‘get back to the
Bible.”’
the world would do well to get back to the Bible, or
to the Old Testament, at any rate. As GarpINER
points out in his The Bible as English Literature,
it was the fortune or misfortune of aneient Hebrew
that it had no abstractions. Everything was
stated in terms of the five senses. There was no
such word as ‘‘virtue’’; you said ‘‘sweet smelling-
ness’’ or ‘‘pleasant tastingness’’ or something like
that. And everybody knew what you meant.
Whereas ‘‘virtue’’ means anything from personal
chastity to a general meritoriousness that nobody
ean define. The Greeks introduced abstract. think-
ing and expression and the Germans have blighted
the world by their abuse.

What should enter into the training of high
school teachers of English? Only humbleness,
sanity, catholicity af viewpoint, humor, a eon-
tinual willingness to learn, a continuous faith in
the people—and undying enthusiasm. Only these
—and the love of books.

Well, there is one sense, at least, in whieh

SOME ENDURING ECSTASIES.

OME one has eried out for a ‘‘ new eestasy.’
What is the matter with the old ones? Have
we forgotten?

That we live on a star.

That no ore has ever found out. why two and two
make four. ‘

That the sun is just as much of a miracle to-day
as it was when it was first seen. '

’ That no one has yet found out where the music
is when the violin is silent.

That no Darwin has yet discovered how a beef-
steak creates one kind of thonght and pumpkin pie
another.

That a child’s steady gaze causes you to lower
your own-—and you know not why.

That love is more rapturous to the eivilized man
and wore of a mystery to hin than it is to a savage.

’

le

Che Librarian's Corner

CONDUCTED BY
FRANK PARKER STOCKBRIDGE.

THE LADY CENSORS OF KANSAS.

66 HERE is no booke so bad, but some com-

modity may be gotten by it. For as in the
same pasture, the Oxe findeth fodder, the Hound a
Ware, the Stork a Lizard, the faire maide flowers;
so we cannot, except wee list our selves, saith
Seneea, but depart the better from any booke what-
soever,’”’

Tt was on the wall of the private room of the
librarian At Newar': I came upon this excerpt from
the late Henry Peacham’s Compleat Gentleman,
appropriately enlarged and framed, a constant re-
minder of the absurdity of literary censorship that
I would, if I could, hang on the wall of every publie
library in America.

Two Are Banned.

At Newark it is merely a decoration ; of all libra-
rians John Cotton Dana stands least in need of
adjurations to liberality. But when I got home
from my adventure beyond the North River I found
a letter from Kansas—Bieeding Kansas!

““At the request of a Ladies Aid Society,’’ said
the letter, “The Dovelling Place of Light was taken
off the shelves of the public library this week, and
Supmer a month ago.”’

Thou Shalt Not Read—

Books are suppressed for two reasons—beeause
they are not true or because the truths they tell
are held ‘‘dangerous.’’ Sinee both Winston
Churchill and Edith Wharton are good reporters,
the censorship in this case must have been for the
last-named reason; which is, after all, the usual
reason.

I don’t know the ladies in the ease, but I know
their state of mind; it is precisely that of a maiden
aunt who, in my own juvenile days, took it upan
herself to suppress the copy of Wilhelm Meister’s
Apprenticeship I had taken from my father’s book-
shelves, and then and thereby terminated my ac-
quaintanee with Goethe.

The End of Ignorance

All good Kansans, of course, regard their State as
the modern Garden of Eden, but to label every-
thing that hangs on the Tree of the Knowledge of
Good and Evil as Forbidden Fruit does not proteet
Innocence against Ignorance. It would be an injus-
tice to these censors of Kansas—and elsewhere, for
they are the bane of librarians everywhere—to sug-
gest that they wish the young folk of their eom-
munity to grow up in ignorance; what with the
Delineator discussing in the plainest terms what
the daily press still feels compelled to refer to
euphemistically as ‘‘sex hygiene’’ and the Y. W.
C. A. distributing leaflets telling explicitly why
girls should not flirt with strange men in khaki,
ignorance surely must have been dispelled by this
time—if it ever existed—even in Kansas!

What the good ladies are really afraid of is that
their sons and daughters may discover that there
are still some people on this wicked old Earth who
are as human as the folk of Shakespeare's day, or
Thackeray's; one ean explain away the ‘‘classies’”’
as records of the manners of a bygone and immoral
age, but the people Mr. Churchill and Mrs. Whar-
ton write about speak the language of to-day.

“HOLD THAT!”
HEN the ‘‘movie’’ director has posed his
actors and actresses just as he wants them
in a scene he evies ‘‘ Hold that !’’ while the operator
grinds out. film. :

Literature, like everything else in life, is a series
of attitudes. Literature is the evolution of atti.
tudes. Tragic or comic, flamboyant or senti-
mental, realistic or romantic, thin or philosophical
and religious—the history of the written word is
the history of man’s emotional, mental and physi-
eal attitudes before the cameras of the gods, who
are the great directors of the human movies on the
studio of the star called the Earth.

The mournful note has passed with the war. The
tragic attitude of the soul, reflected in the poetry,
the drama and the novel of the last four years, has
given place to a gayer pose. Laughter and Ad-
venture are indestructible. With Fantasy, they
have no conquerors; they only sign armistices from
time to time.

The post bellum books that presses are poufing
out present humanity in attitudes of hope and °
gayety. The submarines have disappeared from
the open seas of the mind and the Zeppélins no
longer obscure the stars. Literature is peeping out
of its cellars. The race is posed for a great comedy
in spite of those frightful Apoealyptic figures moy-
ing in the mists of Russia.

To the laughing, fantastic, adventure-hunting
ereators of books we say, ‘‘Hold that!’’

B ne