wus

" THE. SUN,

ue ie —.

UNDAY. FEBRUARY > Toi

ed

Gilbert K. Chesterton’s London Letter
The Newspaper and the Cathedral

Copyright, 1919.
MONG the hundred fancies that must flit
through anybedy’s mind, until somebody

All rights reserved,

turns one of them into a farce or a fairy tale, I
was once conscious of a half-formed story about
a fastidious architect and a badly designed house.
The essence of the story was that the sensitive
artist lived in the unsightly house. beeause it was
the only place in the town from which he could
be sure of never sceing it. From any other situa-
tion he had a faint fear that he might eateh some
far off glimpse of the house; in any other neighbor-
hood, his morbid apprehension suggested, he might
be lured to take a stroll and turn by some dreadful
accident in its direction. Needless to say, he would
have to decorate the inside of the house in style
more soothing to his taste, and resist (like Mr. Max
Beerbohm in his recent amusing sketch) all efforts
to take him out for a walk.

The tale would be something of a parable, as
such tales tend to be; for the modern man is really

somewhat in this position in the centre 6f modern .

civilization. He ean endure it because he cannot
really see it; in the sense of seeing it from outside,
aud therefore seeing it as a whole. He ean reform
and refine the immediate furniture of his life; but
he seldom thinks, or wants to think, about the whole

plan or shape of it.

Reading About Old Things.

Now one real advantage of reading about old
things is that it does help us thus to realize new
things; and especially to see that new things are
new. History and tradition do not merely fill the
mind with antiguarianism, or even with antiquity;
on the contrary they alone can give us the vision
of novelty. If a man knew of no other mode of
travel except the Inner Circle Railway, he would
forget the railway carriage that went round the
circle as we all forget the earth while it goes round
the sun.

It is the memory that men ean travel by chariots,
by ox wagons, by old stage coaches, that has enabled
a mam to see a railway carriage as it is. He ean
see that it is in the strict sense a discovery; and
he may do as the children do, and stand in the

street wildly waving his arms wherever it passes

in the distance; though grown up people do not
do this as often as they should. He ean also see
that it is a eertain curious kind of wheeled box;
he ean criticise it; and consider whether it may

Myself the Pharisee

By GEORGE GORDON.
A’ you know, Monsieur Jerome Coi-

gnard, the central figure in more
than one of Monsieur Anatole France’s
volumes, is as gallant and intriguing an
epicurian, as convineing and pleasant a
philosopher, as will be found in modern
letters. “Indeed,” says his author, “one
must be a Pharisce not to see in him a
beautiful creation of Ged.”

Now though I reeognize the many ad-
mirable qualities of Monsieur l’Abbe
Coignard, I see no reason why God should
be held responsible for his creation sinee
he is so palpably a figment of Monsieur
France’s brain—and Monsieur France has
said that, after all, the Setebos of Caliban
may be the true god despite the sneers of
our friend Prospero.

(There is a story told by Charles
Baudelaire whence Monsieur France takes ff
his cue. One day a naval officer showed -f
Baudelaire an idol brought from Africa,
a small misshapen head above a monstrous,
hideous body, carved out of wood by an
old and ignorant negro. “It is very ugly,
uncouth,” said the naval officer. “Prenez
garde!” warned Baudelaire; “si c’etait le
vrai dieu!” Now it is all very well to
walk humbly before all gods since the
faith of the lowliest worshipper sanetifies
their purpose in the eyes of the most high,
but it is inexcusable to mistake the images
of good and evil worshipped by the Ethi-
opian for the true god whose dominion is
over all the world. I will not spit upon
the altars of the Unknown nor mock his
priests, not out of fear or reverence for
him, but out of an understanding sympa-
thy for the men and women who kneel and
pray in utter need to one whose face they
cannot see, whose voice they do not know.)

But Jerowe Coignard, the untfrocked

 

priest, is a shameless mountebank; and
though I bring down on my head the sur-
prised and contemptuous pity of the mock ator, a card cheat, a drunkard . .

Price $1.25 Pcstpaid $1.35

not turn out to be, as in Stevenson’s title, the
wrong box. Anyhow, the point is that man, inside
the house of modernity, ean forget he is in the
wrong box. By taking a stroll outside in the high-
ways of history, he may find ue is in the wrong
box—if it is the wrong box. And in a real modern
problem, like that of the modern press, the best
way to get a free and fresh impression of the
present is to apply the test of the past.

To this particular ease of journalism which I am
here considering, a phrase in an excellent book now
before me applies the historie test in a highly in-

ateresting fashion. For until we realise that men
eould chalk up the news on the wall, or entrust it
to swift horsemen, or send it by carrier pigeons, or
use any other of the hundred ways they have used
for spreading the news, we cannot strictly be said
to have seen a newspaper at all.

Sir Edward Cook’s Book.

All will agree that the defence of journalism
is best offered by the most defensible sort of jour-
nalist. Dropping the delicate question of whether
I am a defensible journalist, I ean at least elaim
to be a journalist; and to testify that in journal-
istie eireles in England no man would be more
readily recognized as representing a dignified and
enlightened journalistie tradition than Sir Edward
Cook, at one time editor of the Daily News, but
probably more widely known as the chief student
and biographer of Ruskin. His reeent book, ‘*Lit-
erary Reereations,’’? published by Maemillan, eon-
tains a number of very interesting essays, each
containing a number of very interesting ideas; but
the idea in which I am interested just now is to
be found in the essay on ‘‘ Modern Journalism’’
and touches the true nerve of the analysis of that
institution. He grapples with the real question of
the comparison of the present with the past; and
his ease for journalism may be summed up in the
sentence, ‘‘It is a delusion to suppose, when one
see&, say during the luncheon hour in the city, boys
and girls in St. Paul’s ehurehyard devouring their
favorite Scraps or Cuts that they would otherwise
be immersed in contemplation of the cathedral or
the study of philosophy.’’ The eurious thing, I
think, about this single sentenee is that it con-
elusively answers what I may eall the artificial
ease against modern journalism; and yet it un-
consciously admits the whole of the real case
against it.

Journalism and Democracy.

It is indeed silly to complain that journalism is
journalistic especially when it merely means demo-
eratie, but the weakness of the modern newspaper
world is not its democracy; it is, on the contrary,
its aristocracy. This is none the less true, even

—apainoanay Seas

selves be free.

No Politics!—No Abuse!—No Bitterness!—Just God’s own men and womereat their lovable
best. You will see why, with half a chance, they go over the top in all walks of life—

the spirit, the force of manhced (inspired and fostered by a womanhoed of supernai
purity) that sent the 69th gnd other thousands of the blood to the front
lines cf the trenches to fight and die for God and Country.
a, trish, it will make you a still better American. If not Irish,
you’ll wish you had at least one Celtic corpuscle, that
you toc might flaunt it as a silkless emerald—
the rarest of precious brilliants.

WHY
60D LOVES THE IRISH

. By HUMPHREY J. DESMOND, LL.D.

With a strong Foreword by Joseph I. C. Clarke, President:General of the American-Irish Historical Society, and a really
. delightful Appreciation by Dr. Maurice Francis Egan, our Minister to Denmark.

An Ideal Souvenir of the greatest of all wars, with 300,000 Irishmen at the front
with our Allies, and from thirty to sixty per cent. of our own Army, Nary and
Marine Corps, Irish or of Irish descent or affiliations.

“The Sun,” “The Tribune” and “The Evening Post’’ are foremost authorities on liter ature.
Melba note, but at length too great to quote here.
thal ge gace it an entire front page of praise. A copy of this review will be sent on request.

NCTE: To the theusands who were unable to get a copy because of a
guickly cxkausted supply—a third large editicn is new ready.

THE DEVIN-ADAIR COMPANY, Publishers, 425 Fifth Ave, New York

 

modest, I confess that I am ready to give
thanks that I am not*as he is, a forni-

France is the World’s Sweetheart—

Ireland—the Beau of Humanity.
Read WHY GOD LOVES THE IRISH —-zive or lend it to others; oe
they will agree with you that Men and Women who have done
so much for every free nation on the Globe should now them-

   
    
  
  
   
 

The Editor of |’ The Sun™ was so impressed with the “charm” of WHY GOD LOWES THE IRISH

where the aristocrats have abandoned any affeeta-
tion of being gentlemen.

Historically considered, the peculiarity of the
newspaper is that it is news commg te the people,
from certain speeial centres generally of greater
wealth and occasionally of superior eulture. But
without the newspaper news might come from the
people; in the human form of gossip or the more
heroie form of legend. And this vision is called
up, as if by accident, by the very words of Sir
Edward Cook about a cathedral and a philosophy
and a little boy reading Scraps. It is the more
liberal of Sir Edward to say a word for Scraps,
since he certainly would never- read a word of it;
he is just the surt of man who would really prefer
to stare at St. Panl’s Cathedral; or even to review
his philosophy, thongh I doubt if it would be my
philosophy. If he takes literally some of the Gothie
teachings of his master, Ruskin, he might need
not a little of the philosophy to make him endure
the cathedral.

Our own architectural taste ean be more com-
prehensive; but the very mention of Gothie archi-
tecture brings this pareuthesis to the puint. Sup-
pose the old mediewval St. Paul’s Cathedral stood
in the place of the more modern St. Paul’s Cathe-
dra], as it stood there before the great fire, and
lifted on the hill of London the tallest spire in
Christendom. A good Ruskinian like Sir Edward
Cook knows better than I, and perhaps better than
anybody, that such a medieval cathedral would
have been one mass of varied and vivid seulptures,
not only telling numberless tales but cracking nu-
merous jokes. It is barely possible that the poor
boy might have found them a substitute for Scraps,
or even preferred them to Scraps.

The Use of Gargoyles.

It must be remembered also that those seraps
were not merely serappy. They encouraged a con-
nected scheme of thought; im other words, they did
help the boy to meditate on philosophy. Only the
morbidly sensitive will be shoeked at the faet that
the philosophy was also a religion. But all that
is not the vital difference involved here. The real
point, as a good Ruskinian will testify, is that
this popular art was not only popular in its appeal,
but largely popular in its origin. Poor boys could
often learn, not only to enjoy gargoyles but to
make gargoyles. Guilds and apprenticeships organ-
ized popular humors so that they passes into per-
manent form.

What we need is some really democratic organi-
zation of gossip and local opinion; but the expen-
sive and exclusive newspaper, even at its best,
cannot come near to it; any more than the dome
of Wren ean seale the height of the ancient spire.

G. K. CieESTERTON.

 

yet in all humility I own it but the grace
of God that makes me what I am, a
. - Pharisee.

 

  
 

 
 

  

 
 
  
  
    
  
  
 
  

     

7

All three praise Mr. Desmor:d's book in a key high as a

At Bookstores or

ae