ee

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

A Soldier Poet in France

 

Verses of Lieut. Charles Divine, Author of “City Ways and Company Streets”

: } pany, is & descendant of that Lady Mary
1 € an Worthley [Montagu] whose cight enth “Note bly interesting illuminating, inspiring.” New York Times.
y Gt Se AGN! W CHAMEESLAIN | ao ‘rcuminoeisll dbpinue. read 5 $2.00 net at all 681 Fifth Ave.
Sendiastilhey Btiabastad by Centnes = Prtcb Tbuas j cenlury icllers at ti: O goread sume I Catone E. P. DUTTON & co. °

Tha Pobhe Meri fom ccer Poblicherg

 

 

 

In the Cathedral at Nevers He Soldiered With Jack in the Islands II. A Picture of Dejection

The sacristan “T soldiered with Jack in the islands, The fisherman along the Seine
Had an old brass key Down ix he Philinsinns” s Who is always dropping his line in the river
That was shiny with age . eG e Po ae And never taking it out,
As much as he. tial yeneral Pershing he boasted ; Squats on the quay like a statue,
A france and a half I pictured the tropic scenes. Hunched under a voluminous cape
He took for his fee, “J soldicred with Jack in the islands,” That hides his hands and umbrella
And looked at his watch: Another one said, and I bowed, And pail of worms.
“Dix heure et demi, An a tubule to acldiens of Satens, Only the pole is left projecting,

And his serubby whiskers,

Which appointed the time
Staring at thestream ,

iS sould come for me For bolos and natives he’d cowed.

Then he locked me in, * Intent on a muddy oblivion.
Where the“shadows flea, I met them from Bordeaux to Paris,
At the tower door, From Luxehbourg down to the sea, IIL. I
aes ek eee . In Montmartre
With his old brass key. Who had soldiered with Jack in the islands

They are butterflies born with decadent souls,

And all in the same company! os ke
. ea" There Mimis and Toineys and Lulus,

Up in the stone stairway —

: ei wee oe Roce . . Night moths that glitter in witching gaslight.
From what wenees ot Seage “T soldiered with Jack in the islands, In the Cafe Cyrano they explain their lives
F oe aaa or Patrolling the burning sands, With a single phrase: “It is Mortmartre.”

Tom gargoyles teree . mpd ate

ae . ; Then we didn’t have dandy civilians

And gargoyles old, a ,
é 6 E The only ree petals they know

And figures of saints In armies in foreign lands, oa
6 They buy from the beggar at the door.

 

All green with mold, Who were always a-thinking o° home folks, : :
. : : ; Love binds thers tegether, and thrusts them apart,

Mad demons hanging Or talking of taking the ar os ' oe

ibe Ghats Baile : ce oF ; Light love, and lost, like the gloss of their wings;
With ssstails wide On the sidewalks of Broadway or Main street, : Sleeping by day, living only by night,

rom breathing goles. Or the purple cravats they would wear. With red plush, wine cups and forgetfulness.
O the red tiled roofs “Yes; I soldicred with Jack in the islands oe do not speak of Paris;

so fz ‘low see 1 ‘7 py ak rathe its Capi

So far bel w, “Say, how did you get that way? hey spe tk rather of its Capitol,
And the chimney pots “oe si alii seta , These Minis und Toineys and Lulus.

Where the sparrows go. =e eee - 2 ye And they tell you the story
In the clean mosaic “I’ve seen you before to-day. Of the strange tint of their wings

Of cobbled street You was tendin’ bar in the Tub of Blood, In the singe phrase :
There were people moving In the Bowery, turnin’ the tap, “C'est Mortmartre!”

A On ce And you never saw Jack in the islands,

convent bei - sig - s y 2 -

From among the trees. Or the islands -of'n a map.’ I\ e A Rainy Night

Came tinkling up
On a tiny breeze;

And the sun flicked down O worship of heroes and seenes— Throvgh the burnished haze,

And distant ones wear halos.

os Sleek, bare tree trunks glisten,
The soldier of fortune departed— Street lamps glow and glimmer

Where the leaves would fail Who had soldiered with Jack in the islands
A sprinkle of beams Down in the Philippines.

On a flowered wall. Lamps that tinge th esidewalks

Gren and gold and yeilow,

The sacristan 1. ) Tn myrged paths thal waver toward your footslep
With his old brass key Sk i +} es ae | ars

Had unlocked the gate u ec tc 1? > In aris There are jewels in the shop windows,
Of dreams to me, bright jewels in the Avenue de TOpera,

Had colored the drab I. A Fete Day And the Rue de la Paix.

There are other jewels in the street,
Flung by the lighted windows,
Shining over the walks:

Pearls in gutters, rubies at the eurb.

And the commonplace
With a brigiter hue

And a purer grace;
The erippled soldiers

City of the gay heart and laughing eyes,

Of boulevards and perfume,

Who sat in a jane Flowers and fatalism, Tt is better to own these jewels in the street,
Peeling poiaives And lights; To see the gutter pearls and curbstone rubies,
Again and aga:n, Of the courage to be yourself, Than to possess all the garish diamonds in the windows,

Were children at play - e
With a game they know, And every drop of mist becomes a topaz

And the pecled potaives To ornament the shop girls tripping home
Were flakes of snow. In low shoes fluttering with wide bows.

City that put your soul in the fete day, Silk stockinged loveliness walks in the rain.

From dawn to dawn of our President's arrival. And fur neck pieces fringe the mystery of eyes

Where peace found you with confetti in your hands,

And American soldiers were absent without leave.

Deseending the tower,
“Dix heure et demi,”

T beat on the door Your old men’s eyes were filled with tears—

o
The one horned taxieabs go plunging, hooting,

Thourh I scarce could see; They called him the savior of humanity 3 it ; f hast
ase an enor Choruses 0 1aste,
There was ne response ‘our voung girls grabbed out eaps for souveni ‘ E
And your young girls grabbed out caps : MTS LA yellow, horse drawn cab erceps past,

Of a hand or krree se os ements et ni ner .
From the sacristan In starlit boulevards where crowds surged long, Its feeble Jantern ambling through the mist
Litt de seed .s .
With his eld brass key With shouts and sengs und kisses, Like a lazy =
i Ws OF Tu ney.
I waited and called . With circling hands arcund a eaptured pair, a
i Tt is six o'clock,

  
    
  
    

Only echoes and tre. Chanting: “Em-bras sez! Embrassez!” ’
or ro a i : The hour of the aperitif,
The day went by, When from the headlong, homeward rush
With the nish of night A cornet, a drum «ind a flag, The lovers step to seck a sidewalk table,
The gargoyles snarled And you had the paraphernalia of a parade, Hand in hand,
At my lonely plight, You packed the Piace de Opera at midnight, Under the shelter of the protecting awning,
And the city of dreams You Ingved a captured German eannon Alone unto themselves,
Was a prison dark, s i PI ae ba ‘Concnell In the clamor of the boulevards.
A cold, black stairway, From the sa re ig -
Noises, and hark! . 6 g And trundled it through sireets confetti dappled , In the restuarants are empty tables,
But, no; net a seund seore of merrytmakers rode th egun, Waiters placing fresh inked menu cards about ;
At the ancient lock, Enthroned on high a wounded Poilu sat, There are no diners yet,
For death had come And waved his erateies in the air. Except Americans who cannot shake off
With a quiet knock The hayit of getting hungry at six o’clock.
And was showing a town Tha ts Se
His life was the fee ee ee It is the hour of stret lamps and jewels,
To the sacristan After the victory— Of the aperitif, marble topped table and lovera,
With iis old brass key. Waving your crutebes in the air! And Americans ravenous for food.
= a oe
M 1 the fanny pictures with s! ich Kirkland
pa Liish, consists of HL Day of the Mallet Reserve il! trated
hosieeeos ow | Q@OFEeS Vlemenceau
helping heep the watch on the L : : ;
isi diane tan evans 0h the onthe The most dramatic figure in the world to-day.
. nar Tar What would you not have given to stand cicse to this wonderful man
} : ies through France's years of tensest strain, to hear him exp! ain the under-

: currents of events, to see how one old man by his eloquence sustained
Wortiles Underwood, suther of the courage of anation? To realize what his desire for France has been,
and with what aims he comes to the peace table, read

from a Prairie (rarden, soon to be

yeses | France Facing Germany

New York.

 

Saree -

EEE eee Se

 

ae ap ee a < fetneinene