ELIZABETH BLACK
Author of “

HOSPITAL HEROES"

Vilson

By BENJAMIN DE CASSERES.
HERE is no romanee like the re-
T mance of Hope. There is nothing
more gorgeous than the drama of man’s
beliefs.

than

There is nothing more tragic
smile before the
It is for this rea-

his ineradicable
sombre realities of life.
son that Cervantes’ Don Quirote is the
greatest story ever told.

Man’s “search magnificent,’ as TH. G.
Wells would the search for
prophets and messiahs. Man not
live by bread alone. His soul must be
alimented as well as his body. Without
vision the people perish. And visions are
most poignant and lavish and hallueinat-
ing when the spirit is hungry. Interpre-
ters, masters, saviors are sought in all
ages, by all peoples. The great individual,
who comes with a radiant hope or a pana-
cea for. earthly ills, is the amalgam of
millions of individual longings.

To-day man is in the messianie mood.
He is on tiptoe. He is looking for a
new illusion, a new vision, a new path
finder. Not that life to-day is any bet-
{er or any worse than it ever was. But
man’s sensibilities have grown more ex-
quisite and more refined. He has been
jarred out of his orbit. Ilis mental and
emotional antennw have multiphed with
thie growing complexity of life and the
His nerves

say, 13
does

revelations of the Great War.
lie completely exposed to the external
world. He is all brain and nerve, and
he feels nuances of pain and pleasure he
never felt before. His ancient dreams
and hopes lie in ruins. In a word, he is
looking for a messiah. Te stands on the
bank of the River of Time waiting for a
golden prow to swing around the bend, or
a great flash of light on the horizon. He
does not expect a miracle, but a fact.
Comes at this moment, then, a book
from the press of Richard Badger of Bos-
ton, Messiahs: Christian and Pagan, by
Wilson D. Wallis. It is a book in his
“World Worship Series.” It is a book
more fascinating than any novel we have
ever read. It is a romanee of the soul of
man from the earliest myth making times
to Tolstoy and Woodrow Wilson. It is a
fairy story of our profoundest beliefs. It
is a psychological exposition of Expeect-
ancy. It is a hard headed drama of all the
great names of history, sacred and pro-
fane. It is a book by a dreamer, a scholar

 

 

Bahk
Meg Man

     

 

F. BRETT YOUNG
Avutho, “7 ”
r % ALTE ERESCENT MOON

and a thinker. It is a condensed Talmud
of mystical aneedote and the legends that
make man mentally free.

Mr. Wallis has ransacked all libraries
and books for this remarkable study. It
is the most comprehensive deseription yet
given of the messiahs of various peoples,
civilized and primitive, and their roles
in social, religious and political life. “The-
ologians,” says Mr. Wallis, “may retain
their peculiar right to judge of the sourees
which only such thorough scholarship as
they possess is able to interpret confi-
dently. But they ean no longer claim
that the interpretation of the meaning of
the facts which they adduee helongs ex-
elusively to them—if, indeed, they have
ever inade such a claim. The messianie
faiths which they present appear in Juda-
ism, but they are not its peeuliar posses
sion. Rather do they belong to humanity.
They are a phase of human life whieh
has its parallel in many widely separated
and historically unrelated regions of the
globe; they constitute one chapter in the
exalting and often mistaken faith of man-
kind, their complement being found in
Mohammedanism, in Buddhism and in the
eruder eyltures whieh pertain to savagery.
The light of universality must play upon
them in order that we may ascertain
wherein they are the outcome of the
Semite and wherein they share in a larger
human brotherhood. In no other way ean
they be properly evolved.”

It is in this eritieal spirit that Mr. Wal
lis has approached his great theme. A
comparative study of messiahs and mes-
sianie hopes has led him to a beautiful ex-
position, in his ehapter entitléed An Tn-
terpretation of Messianie Movements, of
the psychologieal bases of the persistent
proclamation of “Glad Tidings.”

“Why is it,” he asks, “that rare souls
who have lived in dark and stagnant times
have inculeated a messianie hope? Is it
because they were rare souls or beeause
the times were dark and stagnant? Only
a rare soul is eapable of instilling the
idea and only dark and stagnant times
supply the need of it. There must be a
savior to proelaim salvation; there must
also be a people willing to be saved. The
whole phenomenon is an example of a
struggle for survival.”

There, too, is the economic factor.
Drought, famine and poverty generate the
hope of a messiah, There is always a
Moses bel.ind, or in the heart of, every
great racial catastrophe. It is the reaction
from the empty stomach and the empty
pocket and the knout. There are poor peas-
ants in France who to this very day cherish
the dream of the reincarnation of Napol-
eon, who will come to redress their ills. “The
French who were murdered in the Sicilian
Verpers at Palermo still slumber til! the
timc eomes when they shall awake and
avenge themselves. Reluctant indes!, is
human nature to give up hope for revenge
or hope for restoration.”

Among primitive peoples the messianic

 

4 eee —
FEBRUARY 2 i989

 

Author o
TWENTY —~ THREE 2@ad A
HALF HOURS‘ LEAVE

oy OOLEY HOYT.

“

Walliss Panorama o

hope is based on this very human instinct
of vengeance. They dream of champions
who will belp them to “get even” with
their oppressors—magieal Robin Hoods
and Jesse Jameses. And is not this the
same motive that glorifies a Lenine or a
Liebknecht? Economically, saviors are
the dream of the under dog. Croesus needs
no avenger.

With swift, electrie touches Mr. Wallis
moves up the ages to this very extraor-
dinary year 1919. There is a fascinating
chapter of the messianic movement among
the American negroes. The dream of the
Mahdi--the Great Direetor—is likely at
any moment to foeus itself on am individ-
ual in the Orient. Russia is gving
through its Gethsemane. In Madrid at
this very hour there is a man who “an-
nounees” himself. In Poland “saviors”
grow with the hunger of babes. “Seeond
Adventists” swarm all over Germany.

APEUOUUCUACGEUUAGOOEUERSOUULEGEAOSUSUSSSOUEEESEUSEERRUORTOORECOOUOOOUEROREICSTOCOSOC SOOT SELET SEE

Don’tStop WaichingtheHun!

The German spy in America hasn't signed the armistice.
He is still trying to bleed the United Siates to pay Ger-

 

many’s indemnities.

if you read

OLEUUSU CUED CUTOUT

You can understand the disclosures in the Senate better

FREDERIC ARNOLD KUMMER
Author of” THE wes”

Messiahs

And Tolstoy himself, as late as 1912, pro-
elaimed the coming of a “great figure out
of the North” who would reorganize the
world when war and famine and stupidity
had done their work.

 

Man is a mystical animal. And it is
this that eonstitutes not his foolishne<s

but lus sublmity. It separates him com-
pletely from the rest of organie nature.
The great artist is the avatar of man’:

 

ng for beautiful mirrors. The re'ig-
jous avatar is his longing for justices.
They are the final and supreme critics of
reality and life.

We would put Messiahs:
Pagan, in every library in the land. It
; a great, a beautisal, a faseinating, a

vital book.

long

Chrisfian and

MESSIAHS: CHRISTIAN AND PAGAN.
By Witsoxn D. Warns. Richard. Badger,
Boston.

$2.

a

 

       
   
   

HUUUHURDOUOD OD GANOAAAAUEOOUDODOITE

THE GERMAN SECRET

A coberent record, valuable for refer
ence and interesting for casua! reading.
—N. ¥. Evening Post.

A bovk of the highest importance, to
be recommended to all who wish a con-
cise yet comprehensive histery of the
deviltries of the Hun within our gates.
—WN. Y. Tribune.

Organized villainy has never been so
fully exposed. One ef the 25 best

AT ALL BOOKSTORES

2)

By JOHN PRICE JONES and PAUL MERRICK HOLLISTER

SMALL, MAYNARD & CO., Inc., 41 Mt. Vernon St, Boston, Mass-

 

books for holiday reading.— The Liter

ary iMmgeat.

I wieh it could be put fnto the hans

o all geod § Aurericans. — Tihcodure
oosevelt.

If you want to know what we hare
been up against in our pursult of the

underground Hun, read this book.—
Wiliam J. Flynn, cz-chief, U. 3. Be-
eret Service.

$2.00 net

STUANAUOVOUNOONONDDGAADSANSUUUAOUUAODUANOOOULE

 

  

Jacquou the Rebel

Nono: Love and the Soil

At all bookstores
Postage extra.

    

Library of French Fiction

Edited bj BARNET J. BEYER, Sometime Lecturer at the Sorbonne

Translated masterpieces of French literature which give the reader a view
of the life of all sections, types and classes of modern French society. The
first issues of this valuable series are:—

Reveals the sturdy rural communities of Perigord, where neither the conditions
of life nor the gentle qualities of the pcople had chang-d trom the period of this
novel to the time of the present war.

A forceful story of life in the wine-growing district of Burgundy.
in which stark realism is combined with the finest and firmest ideals. $1.90 Net.

Six further volumes are either ia press or in process of translation.

E. P. DUTTON & CO.

  
       
   

By Eugene Le Roy

 
      

$1.90 Net.

By Gaston Roupnel

a deep drama

     
    
   
    

681 Fifth Ave.,
New York.