rd

a

~~

a ee eS Tee

ae ee

a rt emg ate nner TA NS MS Ao cena!

ai

   
       
  
    

accessory Jayout.
are motorists who are not desitous of

Thousands of visitors

purchasing new cars but nevertheless
are in the market for certain. accesso-
ries and improvements adaptable to their
present cars. Hundreds of makes of ac-
cessories, parts and sundries are offtred
by more than 200 manufacturers and
selling organizations. Many of the de-
vices displayed are new and ingenious,

» while, for the most part, they represent

refinements and improvements upon

, Standard designs.

‘The successful organization of the big
expoaition has been due to the indefat-
igable efforts of the show committee,
ethe members of which have been meet-
ing dally for the past six weeks, disctiss-
ing and deciding upon the various prob-
lems as they arose. From the outset it
‘has been conducted on a sound, earnest,
business basis

To the chairman, C. H. Lareton, and
fils associates, including H. Kt. Bliss,
Harry J. De Bear, RK. J. Gilmore, WIll-
fam C. Poertner, Walter A. Woods, goes
much of the honor of bringing the show
to a successful opening, while the other
mambers of the Automobile Dealers As-
‘sociation, who put their shoulders to the
* ag and helped, considerable credit is

uve.

Following the usual custom, special

 

DINNER TO ACE IS
SHOW WEEK EVENT

 

 

Banquet for Rickenbacker,
America’s Premier Avia-
tor, To-morrow.

Plans for the elaborate banquet to be
given by the American Automobile Asso-
elation Contest Board to Capt. E. V.
Rickenbacker, the leading American
“Ace” during the New York Automobile
Show are complete and the demand for
tickets already has been large, several
hundred having been sold to date.

The dinner is to be held to-morrow
evening in the Waldorf-Astoria, and
the guests will include prominent fig-
ures in the automobile world, Secre-
tary of War Baker, Major-Gen. W. L.

ays for the week have been designated, Kenly of the Department of Military

These are as follows:

Saturday, February 1, Opening Day:
Monday, February 3, Army and Navy
Day ; Tuesday, Dealers Day ; Wednesday,
Suburban, Club and Assoctation Day;
Thursulay, Society Day; Friday, Engi-
neers Day; Saturday, Closing Day.

Although the automobdtle show covers
only a brief period, the dealera associa-
tien fs doing its part in endeavoring to
assist discharged soldiers by engaging
forty of them to police the Garden and
armory. They will be in uniform. Ten
Marine Corps aviators have been en-
gaged to assist the committee in vari-
ous capacities. The policing will be in
charge of Lieut. J. A. Knapp, a marine
officer, who formerly was on the New
York police force.

A single 50 cent ticket is good for
admission to both the Garden and arm-
ory during the passenger car. display,
and visitors may visit one building one
day and the other on a following day if
they so desire. The same arrangement
holds, too, for tickets sold for the com-
mercial vehicle show. Neither sections
of the show will be open on Sunday. The
passenger car section opens at 8 P. M.
Saturday night, closing at 10:30 o'clock.
Thereafter {t opens at 10 A. M. daily,
closing at 10:30 P. M.

Where the Cars Are.

Exhibitors in Part I. (passenger cars)
are grouped as follows:

Madison Square Garden, Main Arena—
Putck, Cadillac, Chandler, Daniels,

ge Bros., Haynes, Locomobile, Mar-

mon, Maxwell, Mitchell, Moon, National,
Oakland, Oldsmobile, Overland, Packard,
Peerless, Pierce-Arrow, Stearns, Stude-
baker, Stutz, Willys-Knight, Winton.

Medison Square Garden,
Hal, Main Floor, Adjoining Foyer—Au-
Lurn, Baker R. & L., Cole, Dort, Mercer,
Reo, Scripps-Booth, Velie.

Madison Square Garden, Concert Hall,
Seeond Floor—-Essex, Hudson.

ixty-ninth Regiment Armory, Twev-
tyestxth Street and Lexington avenue—

Apperson, American, Buick, Chalmers,
Crow-Elkhart, Cunningham, Davis, El-
ain, Empire, Franklin, Hupmobile, Jor-
dan, King, Kissel, Lexington, Liberty,
MeFarlan, Nash, Owen-Magnetic, Paige,
Phianna, remier, Roamer, Saxon,
Standard, Westcott.

In the armory wil! be shown several
d.tberty aviation motors and a wide va-
riety of body designs. the following con-
cerns exhibiting: Carmm Body Com-
pany, Blue Ribbon Body Company,
Rrooks-Ostruk Company, Holbrook
pany. ‘

Two bands will sup
of music—real

   
 
  
 

ic and rot simply
noise, a feature h makes the exposi-
tion doubly attractive

Thousands of doliare were spent on
the decorations for both  bduiidinge.
Those in the Garden were executed by
™. A. Singer and the Armory was en-

trusted to Joseph St. Petrie. Madison
Square Garden lends itself well to a
clever decorative scheme, owing to its

amphitheatre and baiconies. The walls
about the main arena floor have alter-
and large mirrors, and
veneath the balcony fllumi-
direct lighting. The color
eam and white, with certain
The first ba afl «
led in artistic n,
forty urns filled with
rnSerests upon it at inter-

      
 

nate panelling
the portion

  

 

    

 

shades of b
parapet is
and a sei
} ite and fe
vals.

3 5

     

Pillars Decorated in Blue.

The pillars, which rise to the girders,
are decorated in blue, with white lattice
work, and forty-eight quaint old Eng-
Vish wrought iron Janterns hanging from
¢hem. The second balcony is worked out
in three shades of blue, with white lat-
tice work, and at either end of the Gar-
den hang huge blue French curtains.

Ahove the second balcony, where the
canopy covering the enormous
roof meets the side walls, a valance of
@ark blue with huge scallops at inter-
vals and conventional designs of auto-
mobile w'cels, produces a neat effect.

As the visitors enter the Garden, they
pares through the lobby flanked on either
side by a series of pedestals and pergo-
Jas hanging with smilax. The walls of
the lobby are latticed with mirrors al-
ternating, and at the entrance of the
arena are three large
hung with laurel reping and their bases
adorned with neatly trimmed bay trees.

 

 
 

 

patriotic color scheme ix the keynote | Way construction have been largely sus-
Between the rows of| pended for several years and must be

of the armory.
exhibits extends a wide arbor effect,
with trellised vines and flowers.

5,266 SPEEDERS FINED.

Paid to Greater New York Courts
$147,671,
Compiled from records in Secretary of

 

|

Exhibition} Vice to accompany

Com. | title of “Ace in one month by bringing

ly an abundance] tories followed in quick succession.

arched |

arched bowers}

 

State Hugo's office, it 1s revealed that in |

Greater New York between January 1}
and November 1, 1918, 5,266 persons
were nabbed for speeding and fines ag-
gregated $147,671. In default of fines
171 persons were committed; 203 were
committed without the alternative of a
fine, while 925 drew suspended sentences,

The report of the State Troopers made
to Mr. Hugo shows that out of 1,786 per-
mons arrested last year by the troopera
for violations of the motor vehicle law
1.689 convictions were secured. More
than 700 motorists were arrested for
driving without proper plates and 295
were apprehended for reckless driving.
The convictions numbered 284.

HUGO'S SYSTEM COPIED,

Other States Adopt Hyphenated

Motor Numerals,

The hyphenated effect in automobile
plates devised by Secretary of State
Yugo some two or three years ago has
apparently scored a hit with

‘

|
}
|
{

|

|

|
|

other | market

States, for this year Connecticut, Maine, |
Maryland, North Carolina, South Caro- |

lina and the District of Columbia appear
on the scene with hyphenated plates.

Trafic policemen and others say that
the idea is an admirable one, enabling
them to catch more easily and accurately
the numbers of passing cars. Secretary
of State Hugo has received letters from
eeveral States serving to indicate that
the hyphenated plate will prevail within
the next year or two

ROOSEVELT MEMORIAL ROAD,
Memoria's to the dead and tribut o
Me itving in the form of highwaye ts °
ian which ts catching the Popular fancy
everywhere Since France christened a
atreet {n honor of Wi'son Tlents
hae done the eame thing, and e! where
suggestions have been made that a trane-
continental hignway Le named in honor of
Roosevelt. Weuisiana is Planning a Victory
Oak way and sentiment is reflected by
Taevarnente fe rengme Streets and high-
we) e 1eroes of 1 ’
sot. he war in o

  

 

or

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 

Aeronautics, prominent statesmen and
other people of note, Representative

Cifftord Ireland of Illinois, a member of
the A. A. A. Contest Board and a friend
of Capt. Rickenbacker, will be a toast-
master.

The dinner will be the biggest social
event of show week. To assist in mak-
ing it such, the Automobile Dealers’ As-
sociation cancelled its own banquet,
which was scheduled for the same date
and will cooperate in the céntest board's
‘andquet. The samo is true of the Motor
Club, which had planned a banquet for
“Rick” and whose tivitation he had ac-
cepted; likewise other organizations de-
sirous of entertaining this “Ace of Aces”
who has twenty-six Boche planes to his
credit, Cooperating organisulions ,in-
clude the National Automobile Chamber
of Commerce, Motor and Accessory
Manufacturers Association, Automobile
Club of America, Aero Club of America,
Aircraft Manufacturers Association, &c,

A reception committee was appointed
to meet Capt. Rickenbacher upon his
arrival from France. It included El-
mer Thompeon, secretary of the Auto-
mobile Club of America; Charles Brown,
president of the New York Dealers As-
sociation; C. H. Larson, chairman of the
New York Show Committee; William
Allen of the New York Motor Club, and
Fred Wagner, who has charge of the
tickets and seating. Tickets at $10 may
be obtained at the Contest Board's office,
501 Fifth avenue.

Rickenbacker was Captain of the
Ninety-fourth Aero Pursuit Squadron.
The day the armistice was signed his
outfit was transferred from the First
Army to the Third Army. It was the
only squadron in the Amerien Air Ser-
the Army of Occu-
pation. This distinction was given it
as a reward for its unusually good
work for eight months on the western
front. This unit shot down sixty-nine
enemy planes, including tne firet and the
last Boche brought down by Ameri-
cans, Of this number Capt. Ricken-
backer accounted (official) for twenty-
6ix German airmen.

Capt. Rickenbaker plans to return to
the automobdile racing gaine this season.
He umiouttedly will be the most pic-
turesque figure on the track in 1919.

He enlisted early in-1917. Fora time
after reaching France he served as
chauffeur to Gen. Pershing, but later
procured a transfer to the aviation eer-
vice. After completing his course of
inetruction In April, 1918, he won his
down five German airplanes. Other vic-

Hiis exploits were recognized by the
highest military authorities and he holds
the Distinguished Service Cross with four
oak leaves, equivalent to five citations;
the French Croix de Guerre, and the
decoration of the Legion of Honor.

In 1916, his last racing year, “Rick
ranked third to Resta and Aitken in the
A. A. championship ratings. It is said
that Rickenbacker may drive an Eng-
lish “Sunbeam.”

SEES RECORD YEAR
FOR MOTOR TRADE

{Continued from First Page.)

 

been able within the last two months
to get back anproximately to their last
year’s schedule and others have attained
to 50 per cent. or more of it. By spring,
if there are no untoward developments,
the industry should be running on nearly
{ts normal basis,

Troubles Only Temporar;.

With their usual optimism the manu-
facturers view present unsettled condi-
tions throughout the country and the
civilized world as only temporary and
look ahead to certain future great ac-
tivity and prosperity in industry and
commerce in the United States and in
those countries not adversely affected
by the war in Europe, This feeling is
justitied on the ground that world
stocks of foods, clothing, textiles and
all sorts of manufactured articies and
various raw materials are low and must
be replenished, that building and high-

 

resumed, that railroads need rehabilita-
tion, that the shipbuilding programmes
will be continued and that farm pro-
duction must go on indefinitely at enor-
mously stimulated rate®

All such activity will call for increased
and more efficient transportation, which
Mhéeans mores general use of motor trucks
and passenger cars. Foreign markets
that have been shut off by prohibitions
against imports of motor vehicles, high
duties, lack of shipping and high freight
rates will Increase their purchases of

won favor in fields where formerly the
products of Europe dominated Auto-
mobile and truck makers are studying
the export situation and laying plans
to {Increase their foreign sales.
Normally the production and sales of
motor vehicles !n this country increased
at a rate of 40 per cent. a year. In
1915 and 1916 the passenger car Increase
was 50 and 80 per cent. respectively,
but in 1917 it fell to 17 per cent. and
last year there was a decrease of nearly
40 per cent. If the normal increase had
been maintained throughout this four
year period the output last year would
have been approximately 2,250,000 in-
stead of the actual production of 1,044,-
754, and there would have been built
about 700,000 more cars than were ac-
tually made. So there is an apparent
shortage of that many cars. For the
year 191% thsre should be a potential
for 3,000,000 cars, but not more
than half of this number will be pro-
duced, in all probability and by summer
many persona will be wanting care who
Will have to go without or content them-
selves with machines that have already
been in service too long and should
to the junk dealer.

Used Car Market Cleaned Lp.

The used car market has been pretty
well cleaned up. Several hugedred thou-
sand automobilists who have got along
during the war with thelr old cars wil!
want new ones this season.
the American Army who have learned
to drive care will feal they must have
machines for private use when they have
been honorably discharged and returned
to remtnerative employment.

Hundreds of thousands of women
whose husbands, brothers and fathers
wert into the army and navy became
proficient automobile operators and will
ot be satisfied to ride ag gnere pase

\

i a ne

SL ————_—_—$_ Re a aed a
a er ee SS NE

i
|
|

 

; American cars and trucks, which have]

 

j

!

|

Boys with }

 

 

‘THE SUN, ‘SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919. a vee

 

Welcome Home, Eddie Rickenbacker

This Show Issue Is Dedicated to You and Your Glorious Accomplishments for America and
Her Allies.

sengers, but will want cars of their
while the male members of the house-
hold are at work during the day. So it
is probably a safe estimate that there
are half a million new candidates for
car sales.

Money will get into more general and
free cculation as the Government ef-
fects settlement under war contracts, as
the military forces are demobilized and
paid and as public and private construc-

MAIN ENTRANCE MALL i

MADISON AVENUF

Cars in Exhibition Hall
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN

 

Cars in Concert Hall
MAISON SQ@.GARDEN

   

 

 

 

CAPT. EDWARD V. RICKENBACKER,
Ninety-fourth Aero Squadron, United States Air Service.
OGicially Credited With Having Brought Down Twenty-six Boche Fliers.

|

eer put more money in the

individuafs to spend as th
fas judgment dictates.

 

See fit or

| utility and convenience that more than
,ever the public will deem it a neces-
| sity.

The country is aroused to the need of
, immediate improvement of the highways

 

| tlon and replacement work is resumed. |
own or will make use of the family car This wil) relieve the financial situation |

hands of}

The automobile |
| has now demonstrated so conclusively tte |

 

number of bilis have been introduced in
Congress to provide for this and various
States have passed huge bond issues for
the construction of State highway sys-
tems of hard surfaced roads.
fect of such improvement will inevitably
be to increase the use of motor cars
and trucks.

Bearing foregoing conditions in mind,
One cannot well take other than an en-
thusiastic view of the future of the au-

; On a scale never before contemplated. A \ tomubile industry.

 

Where to Find the Exhibits

APPERSON
4
KISSEL BEX

 

 

OWEN MAGNETIC
LIBERTY

SPECIAL MILITARY
EXHI Bir

TWENTY: FIFTH STREET
69th Regiment Armory

VENTH STREET

DODGE
BAOTHERS

MADISON AVENUE

TWENTY = SIXTH STREET
Madison Square Garden

 

 

The ef-.

 

   

  
  

ONE MOTOR VEHICLE
T0 EACH 18 PERSONS,

 

Points Out Vast Strides

by Industry.

ee ee . ; i

By CC. H. LARSON, '
Chairman Show Committee, Automovite |
t

|

AT THE
ee aS a ab

air
Show Committee waters |
ARMORY

Dealers Association,

Each year since 1900 the automobile
shows in New York have proved to be; 1,227 as a gain. Though Ohio made tig
the true, consistent barometers of the oT Gore Lomi ae tee ake ae Distriee

. |}of Columbia was far ahead of all the
automobile industry, the growth of the | States in percentage of gain. The fect
Industry itself being reflected in the | (hat the District registered 89 per ce):
motor car exhibitions through the me- | Serve cars last year than in 1917 v-||

; . » blic / S@t¥e as some indication of the grea:
dium of the interest taken by the public | influx into the national capital during
in these displays or by the new ad- tne year.
{vances made in automobile designing , .
las first dtsclosed at the shows. Towa Is Per Capita Leader,
| Motor history, like other history, re- lowa and Nebraska head the list in
peats itself. When the first automobile

iso far as per capita distribution of cars
show was held in New York the number

{and trucks is concerned. In each of
of motor vehicles in service in the/| these States the entire population ca,
| Unitel States could easily le counted

be carried in their cars. Each has one
in the hundreds, while in 1919 the Madi-

 

 

vehicle for every seven persone. Last
son Square Garden and Sixty-ninth Regi- | year lowa had one for every elght per-
ment Armory display is being held at a, *0ns and Nebraska one for every nine
time when there are almost 6,000,000 | persons, New York State has one car

passenger and commercial motor vehi- | for every twenty-three persona in the
cles in operation. | State and New Jersey a car for every

One Vehicle to Every 18,

| that there is one motor vehicle for every
| eighteen persons in the United States,

; States totalling some 6,945,000 cars and

trucks. Briefly, there are almost six
| timer as many oars and trucks now
; than there were seven years ago .

; for the close of 1918 represent an in-

being slightly over 1,000,000—and this
jin a wartime period! These are ret
{figures with all duplicate, non-resident
and reregistration deducted. In 1917

istrations showing an increase of 1,139,-
324, or 39 per cent. over those of 1916.
Ohio leads all the States for the in-
;crease it shows for the last year. At
jthe end of 1917 New York held first

; be content with secund position.

; also Illincia continued
jin registration increases

in fourth place

' During the last year Ohio gained
| $8,770 vehicles over 1917; New York,
149,341; Iowa, 49,287; Mllinois, 48,843.
; Nevada is at the end of the list with

 

IVITAL

 

(Continued from Farst

Page)

 

jgineers who could devote substantially
thelr entire time to consummation
the programme laid down.

The ¥esult has been a truck designed
especially for military purposes and re-
garded by many engineers of the army
and others in an excellent position to
judge of its merits as the best truck for
such purposes in existence.

The work thus accomplished was the
subject of special recognition on the
part of the Secretary of War, who pub-

bers for the patriotic service rendered
As a logical development of this work
@ separate department of the army
| known aes the Motor Transport Corps
has been organized, and a programme of
complete standardization of trucks used
| for military purposes adopted. Thus the
army was enabled to ¢oncrentrate on the
production of a few standardized models

‘for trucks instead of being under the
‘necessity of furnishing parts for the
| keeping in operation some thirty odd
, different makes or models. Just what

this would have meant had the war con-

‘MANY KEEPOLD
MOTOR NUMERALS es'S ico"

vie | As another logical outcome of the work
| Ex-Sheriff De Bragea of Brock- in which the 8. A. FE. cooperated there

{has been established an engineering de-
Ivn Finds 13 Has Brought partment of the Motor Transport Corps,
Him Lack.

the function of which is to handle the

   

 

quired for transport service in the army
Such a department was o prime neces-
sity ans hae already eliminated much
o the jast | unnecessary duplication of effort
insistent demand ape
j
| Tegistration plates containing low num-}

 

This year is no exception

1 two or three in an

Cooperation With Coune!},
The S. A. F. was one of the first en-
bers or numera!s corresponding to house | Sineering organizations to offer its ser-
or business address, or to some event | Vices to the Government aiter the cec

 

ration of war on Germany One earls

which stan forth prominently iz pel ppt oe
. ds fo prominently in the! veguit of thie offer of cooperation was

| life of the autoist. Mr. Hugo's offices | the creation of an automotive transport

|

|
|
|

'
|

|

i
'
|

|

 

      

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
      

  

| California, 2
| making the comparison finer, the figuras | Texas, 250,0

1917, the net gain during the last year |

t twenty-four.

In point of total registrations New

The latest automobile census shows | York has a substantial lead over its nea: -

est rival, Ohio. In New York on Pe
cember 1 there were registered 453.558

 

 

the registration figures for the various | Cars and trucks, while in Ohio there were

417,400.
total registrations are Iilinols,
Pennsylvania, 379,119; lowa

The next eight States and thelr
389,155;

  

    

And 8,173; Michigan, 2 i

Indiana, 227,168, na

Minnesota, 210,127. The other Statesa-e

(crease of 20 per cent. over those for | below the 200,000 mark :
It ia interesting to note that of 1

increase of approximately 60.000 cars
New York State a large proportion
these regietrations are from the metro-
politan district. A big increase in ta

lthe gain over 1916 was even greater | Greater New York territory may be ex
| than during the past year, the 1917 rag-| pected this coming season

now thi
peace conditions have so altered the ou'-

| look of the motor car maker and dea):

 

unless the members of our aseoclat
are greatiy mistaken.

Speaking for our own compan l

| Place in this respect, but 1918 it bad to | shall be greatly disappointed if we do
Then | not sell
;comes Iowa, which in 1917 was third; | senger car display and more Oldsmo!

more Oldsmobiles at the pa:
trucks and Master trucks during the ©
ond show week than et any show during

the past decade, And 1 feel that I a

‘not going to be disappointed and knov
\ that many other dealers feel the san:

of |

licly thanked the society and its mem- |

} design of all motor driven vehicles re- |

‘preparation of
| This

  

'
|
| The International
'
'

way about their showings.

WAR PLAYED

BY AUTOMOTIVE ENGINEERS

 

) International Aircrait Standards Boa
the chairman and most of its members
so far as this country was concerned, be
ing members of the society whose er-
perience had been gained in serving on
the S. A. E. standards committee.
Alreraft Standards
Board made a trip to Europe early in
1917, and laid the foundation for inter-
national cooperation in aircraft stan
dardization matters. This resulted
inestimable good to the Allies as we!! a«

   

 

to this countrys

Similar cooperation aircraft eta
Gardization matters was brought abont
with the Navy Department, with whic.

most cordial and benefMcial relati
isted

ns e\-

Research Work Valuabic.

Other members of the society serving
both on the committees of the National
Advisory Committee for Aeronautics and
in cooperation with the National Burea:
of Standards, heiped to bring about re
search work of no little importance in
the Government programme One result
of this work was the design and estab
lishment at the Bureau of Standards of
called altitude laboratories in which
as possible to submit engines to test
under the low pressure and temperature

 

£0-

   

   

   
 
     

eonditions encountered tn actual fligh’
Laboratories of this character were a
n Itv In the field of engineering ant
the means of securing much daca
reat value.
3 aero: iivision of (he sé
Is committee of the soctet

 
  

y {mportant sessions during th
adopted many standarda for a
parts and materials which were late:

Zreat benefit to the Government ii 6
aircraft epecifica s
work was done at a time wi

appreciated, as «id
long experience
matters, tl
without +

 

 
   
    

few

 

 

   

   

  

    
 

 

 

 

  

 

  

    
  
    

  

  

are fairly besieged with such requests, | ae composed of members of the! is pesot w ith the greatest diMevities
f akan MIG. ee | Bociety and represe B each of the! nos ; 0 i a= eis
As a general] u ing, ny ever, the same \ major brancnes of the automotive prod- \ n eee ae oe
numerals are given to the same persone! ucts section of the War Industry Board, | confronted the Sees ae nae Gt ean
year after year. + an organization which rendered very le eae entry of this ASOT . i
Some amusing things develop in con. | Vatuable service not only 0 Our OWN, was that involving the Anat and
nection with these splfsam ! | ounsey: but to the allied Governments, | quo: on of tractors suitable f the
oO! } nese spilsame numerals.! whose representatives sought its advice i haulage of ord and or &
For three ycars past Joseph De Bragga,| in the purchase of many varieties of au-ly time To this tater Caduen’ a
ew Sheriff of Queens county and one of | tomotive apparatus. of a similer character in con: .
the best known residents of Brooklyn,| Even before the creation of this com- {with army vehicles commonly knows as
has had No. 13 for his car. Mr. De| mittee the society, at the request of the | tants , RRsAzANE NG) BAD'S
Bragga paid Mr. Hugo a visit a few} Secretary of the Navy, appointed two of! In this work members of t
days ago. ite members who had been presidents of | again played ‘a nrominer t par Une
“I suppose you want the same number | the society members of the Naval Con- | of ite past presidente was plas
for 19197" inquired Mr. Hugo sulting Board, an organization which] charge of tank engineering work, a
“Il certainly do,” said Mr. De Bragga, rendered very valuable service to the | past Vice-presidént in charge f
| “for tt has brought me all sorts of luck. | Nation. x ‘involving the design of tractors
' My son was released from the navy on One of these past presidente later be- ; haulage of artillery in the fle!d, a9
December 13, but that is only one ex. | came chairman of the Aircraft Board, a as for the handling of amm
ample of good fortune that has comme | &™°uUP of patrivtic men of affairs, whi h,juanee repair shops and th
my way and I am quite sure that No. 13|*?ough they labored under great diffi-; work involved not only the 4
ion my car has been responsible.” culties, performed service of unques- , of d 1, ut production in su
Percy Lang, a banker in Waverly, has tioned value to the Government, among !quantities as would truly ha
had B13 for his car for two or three | ther thinss arranging for the design! tie <yerman had he | a
| years and {s in the same class with Mr. and Production of ‘the Liberty engine jour long enough to witness?
De Bragga 412 has gone to W. Scott his engine, as is now wel! known, of a campaign in 1619
Mattraw of Watertown, a well known | Proved suitable for production in lange | i
theatrical manager. quantities, Agured largely in the plans Foe Escaped Mach.
Of course there are many who would | Of the Allies for driving the Hun tro: w
not take 18 or 23 for their care if they {the air and carrying the war deep into | d
were given the plates. One man was |Che™y territory, This accomplishment |
sO superetitious that he refused a plate added another page to the achievements di d
hearing the numerals 1889, explaining of American automotive engineers dur- giauea
to Mr. Hugo that he had no desire to ‘ng the war,
tamil fata | Activities in the Aircraft Fiold. :
Many persons ask for numbers which 4 ; ee I °
correspond with their home addresses, | meta a Being Sngingers who figured bee
while others want automobile numbers prominently in the design of the Liberty &
ue , Les engine were members of the society, one Va
corresponding with their telephone | of them pei mn office Rieterenit :
numerals, One man went so far ng to} +), ) tis moe an a car of the society at an
ask for a number the same as the year HO ame the work ‘waa undertaken cus =
when he secured his divorce, and it 20 Though the design and the original ted directly on tractor
es coe ve ; Models of the engine were produced in e thelr position
happened that Mr. H ugo had the Hume ‘an inconeeivably ehort period of time, | time, and thus
ber on hand and ac ommodated the {n-|much development work was necessary | impossibie for ¢ va i
dividual. Tle said the year had been the | to perfect the new engine, as wae nat-| with suffices cITA {
bapplest of his life urally to be expected. This development! posing artillery to a
= work, as well as most elaborate prepara- | and direction
ROAD CONSTRUCTION RESUMED. tion for the production of the engine, was. equipment was desig
ee carried out in large part by members of! of development ant
South Fepectally Active in Making | the society. It is indeed true that the! y automotive ¢ eers
society as such had little to do efther! the armistice waa st j 8B €
Improvements, with the design or the development ot | rapid would he adsance "
Road construction, which hus ,veen|the Liberty engine Ie was, however, |Started that nothing bye
| suspended or partly suspended in every | distinctly the product of standardization, , cot j sa\ the fo
| Part of the South since the United States | and standardization has been fostered by |
, entered the war, is resuming inaN South-|the 8S. A. E. as in no other soctety F |
ern States on a far greater scale than In fact, through the activities of the! tomotive e:
ever before in the history of that section | soclety probably more than in any othe; | made whereby the
of the country, according to information | way, automotive engineers have come] soon be as if it were
received by the B, F, Goodrich Rubber]io thnk in terme of pt ndaritaatn | propelled vehicles of such
Company. y iw without which product such aa the Li! -| the destruction of roads we
In Virginia, West Virginia and Ken-J/erty engine ts quite impossible, at least} of Mttle moment,
tucky work of making permanent and|so far as quantity production is con. | negotiate almost any kind off ¢
new highways cannot get into full swing | cerned. Many standards created by the | The German may well
in the winter, but extensive preparations | society prior to the war were incor- that he did not a
are under way in those States for in-|porated in the Liberty engine. The so- | campaign } <
tense activity in the spring, In the]ciety also assisted {n the creation o¢| have gained ¢ ‘
balance of the Southern States, where as | many other standards great impr mt ;
gv0d Work can be done the winter as itance in t} aireratt : } b ' ¢
in the summer, big starts have alroad: Another a ‘ery | cal outrome « \
been made, Great activity is reported in] $, A. U. work in aircraft standardizn- | w came earl than «
Louisiana and Mississippi! tion matters was the creation of sol nus had thought possible,

,

»

 

 

 

MES

f

ow

: