et eS

a

an tn alah ER NITE

—

a re Sta

ee os

pret

eae

a a Ale ee RE El CNET At RT TER a a nm memati a me aS ST ee OF ere Oe ETRY RCE RONEN a Stee

Lo wee nae

—

eae sc x

, bnsy

“from the war.

 

SAYS POST-WAR GAR |

ISTO BR LIGHTER! So eee eg

-~

Marmon Vice-President Gives
His Idea of Present
Tendencies.

 

 

By F. P, MOSKOVICS,

Véoe-President of the Nordyke & Mar-
mon Company.

On November 11 ie armistice was
signed, and up to that moment no con-
cern which wae truly patriotic and which
followed the ordera from Washington
could possibly have designed and devel-

oped an automobile. Io not forget that
draftamen, tool makers, tool designers
and, in fact, every metal artisan, from
the designer to the finished tester, was
with war. Therefore any concern
which claims during the period of war
it designed and developed a post-war
car admits on the face of it that it
verged very closely tu being exceedingly
unpatriotic.

Bear !n mind the element of time can-
not be divorced from the design and de-
velopment of a motor car. Any car that
is to be worthy of the name “post-war
car” must have jin it lessons gathered
e@ war was not over
until November 11.

No designer in the world can design
and develop experimental models, try out
these models, then turn them over to the
factory and have the factory put them
into production without considerable
time. This varies from one year in some
factories to several years in others; but
the element of time is utterly and abso-
lutely necessary.

Now, considerable will be asked as to
what is a post-war car, I am going to
refer to some extracts from an article
entitled “Mars Shapes Industry's Trend,”
written by one of the best authorities in
the automobile industry, H. A. Taran-
tous, in the January number of Motor.
First among headings he brings out the
following:

The Hot Spots.

“Makers have learned better produc-
tion and manufacturing methods.

“Developments of regular products re-
tarded because of war work,

“Work now in progress will result in
cutting of car weights to startling de-

* Bree.

“Aluminum and pressed steel will come
in for greater use.

“Metallurgical knowledge gained in war
period will be reflected in the cars of
Mm near future

gine and chassis lubrication will be
much improved.

“Designs will be altered to lend them- |

4 BUSIN

selves to the lighter constructions. 4
“Fuel problem not so troublesome as

 

|
|

 

AR ERSKINE

“itachi ees cot Derr ONE RANA Nendo, mend iaontel Wein btn sino |

7

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

FEBRUARY. 2, 1919.

oe =e Visiting Motor Factory Officials = Motor Factory Officials BARNEY OLDFIELD

PRESION T=

STUDEBAKER CORP.

A.G_ SIEBERLING
GEN.MGR. HAYNES

<M

J.J. COLE
_ PRES. COLE Co.

 

NESS OUTLOOK

  
 

NASH MOTOR

J.F. DODGE,

G.A.KISSEL, PRES.
DODGE BROS.

KISSEL CO.

H.M.JEWETT
PRES. PAIGE DETROIT
; ©

H.H. RICE

SALES MANAGER, MARMON J.0.

DORT MOTOR CAR CO.,
FLINT, MICH,

J.D. DORT, PRESIDENT,
DORT MOTOR CAR CO),
FLINT, MICH.
gz
H.E DODGE
DODGE BROS.

 

  

armies in the field at to many

   
 

‘
home |

  

 

          

 

 

    

 

   
  
 

 

    
      

 

      

 

  
    

   

    
    

    

s

CW. NASH, PRESIDENT
$ COMPANY
KENOSHA, WISCONSIN,

MANSFIELD
GENERAL SALES MANAGER,

 

men who never before had en-

imagined. allowed to stagnate and de-| joyed it I do not refer to the “war
“Briefly those cars will be _to a place that would Aeaste Lelact nillionaires, but to the large
lighter than our present ones; they ot to peace conditions a difficult middle and working class whose re-
use more aluminum and pressed steel UALLY GOOD m d one attended by depression |muneration fumpoed up by leaps and
varts, they will have better bodies, be and busine upheavals Consequently | bounds. This class has emerged from
more comfortable, far more economical, we now are in a position to resume our |the war with sufficient means to own
cheaper in price and show a general re- 1 OF | Nata AS ug. Lae anes ae arose ae ane it ? going to any
‘ + - , . . on ’ While the problem of re onstruc ton has | em, More han that a large number
Pee tcinch nee kak aGlis oui to say | Expert Anal) sis Shows n- he diMficulties we aie 2 we l pies aes d renee os ee ye in en
q . itiag . puUsiNess) are nfident o overcoming | ifves through e siberty oans, ance
Meco ttle aumtee be mateeteae usual Opportunities fo1 AULO- | them speed Ty And confidence is more;they are now in a position to gratify
ers have worked out aluminum engines | mobile Business Everywhere. pee HBAL OLS the Conquest } | ee Tete time: CORY BOYS: AS! SOP. IRR
with a view to lightening the chassis and ‘ | To come down to particulare: Our {automobile ‘
Retting better cooling, there seems to be ; country is in a position to accelerate its | It must also be considered from an-
mo especial virtue in the former move By J.D.) 2 z |} peace time pursuits. It hag the re- other point. The utility of the motor
unless the rest of the chassis is lightened y J. D. MANSFIELD, |Sources, the man power @md the facili- car has been established better than
accordingly. The aluminum engine cer-| General Sales Manager of the Dort!ties for this—all of them practically | ever before. Men who have been un-
tainly saves a hundred pounds or so of Motor Car Company. untouched by the ravages of war and|able to see where a motor car could
weight, but I do not belleve that there] Bigger, better and firmer business |M&@ny of them developed and strength: | beneft their business have pean Shen ts
ever will be any great number of such| conditions loom up as we stand on the | “Med He they, never lad been before Play . Aah Der rari ene uew lee
engines in American chassis. What the;|threshold of a new year and of a new Europe looks to us for help in building | ers anot er ents angle, :
maker must do is lighten the whole|age in the world. Business has met t'c |UP her shattered industries and we are) All these things point in one direc-
give { ur ‘ ‘ § -
chassis. test of unsettled conditions success! liv | 80'ns to give it. Our obligations as the | tion Nes Ate song pone eres Rute
“Admittedly our chassis in general are | and has emerged with a new confidence j Most pow rful n ation from a commercial mobiles re In the future vee in the
too heavy. A certain few are enor-/in the ability of industry. | 8 Ipoint at this time can produce puy eee Or sane. Are ne v ate on
mously heavy as compared with others Business aleo has seen new avenues | one result B ess generally will me pete ote ie ber au - ie in
That these cars must be so heavy is an |of endeavor unfold and is prepared to bigger, better and keener than before eet ls he ultimate cause of pros-
admission of a waste of materials, and | meet them, and the people of na- lereae as oe iture OF She Ente Say inn ty.
inability to get riding comfort without /tion are firm in their determi: n to | Less 18 DEEr “RMaiiee Sit ace ahaa
that weight, {@o on with their economic work with | tior s ure generally, the better business | NEW ALLEN EXECUTIVE.
x a renewed vigor and enthusiasm which | Condit are in the aut nobile indus- | i
Lighter Construction. can lead but to one ending, a period | TY Ae ie a6 eh ee ay the | J. F. Richman Is Now Manufactur-
“Aluminum and pressed steel must|Of unprecedented commercial activity | re 7 Autre vanad aoe east ing Manager.
come into greater vogue as chassis ma- jand consequent prosperity tn HAIRUAPahREEt) 16 t|
terials, and in addition to the greater} Fundamentally, as I see it, the busi- CT eae that the renee The Allen Motor Company, Fostoria,
use of lighter materials, the design must! ness future of America is indicated Waaioue§ ven greater than | Ohio, is fast getting back to a pre-war
be alterad to lend itself to lighter con-/in its past When we became a unit dependent entirely on post- | production une. To-day'’s tndustrial
struction. The average seven passen-|With the allied nations of Europe tn rituution more urgently than ever bde-
ger car of to-day is highly inefficient | pursing society of its evil governments! As a nation we were sold on the motor |fore requires a most efficient factory
when one considers the ratio of its load| we did so without the flurry and in- | car's utiiity before the war The fat- |) organization. The Alien people are par-
to its weight. The trouble is in many stability that had marked the entrance | ness of the ins pocketbook ularly fortunate in having secured J.
cases that the entire chassis will have|of some of aur European neighbors. and s busir were pra tically : F Richman 1s manufacturing manager.
to be redesigned and this most makers; We ere calm and de ate in our the on! limitations upon t sale of Mr. Rich 1 is a man of wide ex-
hesitate to do. It is supposed by ay t tranngor of activities from commerce | automobiles. Pioneer salesmanship of; perience, having served in the produc-
great many that the heavier cars ride jtc battle Naturally there were ups | automobiles had-Leen completed. Every-! tion and engineering departmentar of the
easier than the lighter ones, but that is | heavals and disturbances in commerce,; body wanted,one, if only for pleasure; | Olds, Maxwell-Briscoe and Hudson fac-
because of a misunderstanding of the|but we made few of the mistakes of levéry one was going to have a motor car tories. Just previous to his present Al-
fundamentals underlying easy riding. It | other countries, and we so divided our | as soon as he was {len connection Mr. Richman was for five

is not a result of weight, though to be
sure any very heavy car will ride easy
It ts not meant that every light car is
better than the heavy one—quite the
contrary, but it is stated that the whole
run of chassis are entirely too heavy
and it has been shown it {ts possible to
Nghten them by many hundred pounds
and get even better riding qualities
With the lightness comes betier fuel
economy, tires last longer, the engine
need not be so big and powerful

"In order to obtain the desired light-
nese not only the larger parts of the
chassis, such as the axles, frame, en-
gine, &c., but the small parts of these
units must be attended to also. Pressed
steel and’ aluminum parts will further
find,their way into the chassis with the
rest that our cars of a few years from
now will be on the average some 500
to 700 pounds lighter,”

 

Smaller Car Unnecessary.

thought In the minds
some engineers working in this di-
rection ip to the wheelbase
and make a smaller car and by a closer

‘The very first
of
decrease

 

study of the avaiiabliity of espace get}
the required room in the body and sult-
abie body lines. If the subject is given
proper thought it will be found that
thie is not entirely necessary, A large
cat, that is, one of long wheelbase and
large body, does not necessarily have
to weigh more than a short car, The

public demands a lot for its money and,
size always will be a desirable factor.
‘There ig a certain attachment for emall
vehicles by a certain class, but that
class couTd readily be converted to the
ideas of the others, if the large cars
equal to the largest of to-day were as
light in weight, as flexible and econom-
ical to operate as the smaller ones
This question of added room as here
inferred should not be construed as
meaning that space should be wasted,
for this is far from being the thought
impressed. If the designer can use the
available space to the very best ad-
vantage, as is the case now in a few
ears, then the chassis will be that much
lighter.”

Light Weight One War Lesson.

One of the lessons the war has
taught us is the tremendous importance
o! light welght. This lesson Nordyke
& Marmon Company knew years ago
It is driving our competitors to some-
thing they tried hard not to admit
Nothing mysterious in the way of en-
eine design has been learned from the
war. About all we have learned is
how to manufacture better motors, fit
bearings better and increase the effi-
clency of both production and inspec-
ti6dn, These things will be reflected in
©ur cars from to-day on

Don't expect a new model to revolu
tlonize the world overnight. The wat
taught us no such lesson No better

proof could he evidenced that even Eu-
ope has developed no ste artiing
than the fact that the French Govern-
ment ordered nearly 300 Marmon 34
touring cars and limousines for the use
of her army staff. These cars are being

advance

Gelivered to them to-day, and deliv eries
will not be completed unt
April

{i some time in

 

 

| energies that while every
was concentrated

to

possible
winning with

 

Now
the war

effort ous

our

prosperity of
in giving wealth | ager for the

the tremend
months resulted

 

Cole,

| Years superintendent and factory man-

 

|

|

'

 

|

THE POERTNER MOTOR CAR CO, Inc.

it is the uncommon task that the National does unusually -well.

at Broadway and Fifty-sixth Street
Invites your inspection of the

This

was conclusively proven on the military roads of France, where the
power and stamina of the National Sedan were put to the test of army
service.
distinctive and able closed car were equal to the most arduous task is
the common testimony of the officers who rode in National Sedans
from GHQ to the front.

Six and Twelve Cylinder Models

 

T

hat the efficient motor and the rugged chassis of this

 

In Complete Range of Body Styles

7-Pass. Touring Car, 4-Pass. Roadster, 4-Pass. Phaeton, 7-Pass. Convertible Sedan

The Six Sedan, $3120

 

The Twelve Sedan, $3720

 

 

NATIONAL MOTOR CAR & VEHICLE CORP., INDIANAPOLIS

Nineteenth Successful Year

 

Brooklyn Distributors—Mulford-Haas Co., Inc,

Space 12 at Madison Square Garden
1505 Bedford Ave.

  

| NOW MAKING TIRES

“Master Driver"Quits Ijacing
to Head Own Manufactur-
ing Organization.

 

 

Crrcaao, Feb. 1.—Prominent among
the developments of the automobile show
which has just closed here was the for
mal confirmation of the rumor, current
for several weeks, regarding the coming
of a strong new element in the tire in-
dustry.

The Oldfield Tire Company, of which

Barney Oldfield is president, casts its
banner to the breeze during the show and
launched an advertising campaign which
demonstrates the sincerity of its pur-
pose to give the big veterans of the
business some new and enthusiastic
competition.

While the new company bases its in-
ftiaivclaim to attention on the fact that
its tire was developed by the ‘Master
Driver's” long series of experiments and
tests, there is no disposifion to rest
there. President Oldfield was himseif
in attendance at the show, with head-
quarters at a local hotel, where other
members of his organization helped him
in the organization of a system of dis-
tribution.

In contrast with what might have
been expected, the element of financing
does not enter into the company’s plans,
Mr. Oldfield stating that the company
{is a closed corporation with all stock
paid in and a capital sufficient to handle

a produttion of $20,000,000 worth of
tires In its firat year
Coineldent with é@ announcement a

his company, Mr. Oldfield announced }
retirement from racing in which he has
been for nearly twenty years an annual
competitor.

“I took up automobile racing fa
fun and the money I could get out of
{t,” he declarsd during the show. “I've
kept it up for the last five years only

the

because it offered me the best chance
about tires
"If you've noticed, tn all that time

I've had almost no tire trouble and I
for the testing out of some of my ideas

   
   

 

 

 

SURPRISES IN NEW
HUDSON BODY TYPES

All the Year Around Utility of
the Super-Six Em-
phasized.

 

“The Hudson Super Six, always noted
for its individuality, is providing visitors
at the Automobile Show this year with
frome notable surprises in new body crea-
tions of greater beauty and utility than
ever before,” says H. 8. Houpt of the
Hudson Motor Car Company of New
York to-day,

, “The daintiness and luxury of the
cabriolet, the smaftness of the four
passenger coupe, the utility and comfort
of the Imousine and touring limousine
and sedan are shown to best advantage
beside the richly finished, cosey and
speedy looking four and seven passenger
phaetons.

“Its mechanical perfection having
been thoroughly demonstrated during the |

past three years by more than 66,000
owners, the chassis Is unchanged except
for very slight refinements which add
comfort and conventence in driving.
Hudson, the largest builder of fine cars
in the world, is also the largest bullder
of inclosed body types, and, in fact, was
a ploneer in this development, which,

 

 

i=

 

ran the whole gamut of racing—-dirt
tracks, roads and speedways.

“There was a good reason for it. I
was cashing in on my own ideas of tire
safety that I'd developed since my first
accident whéh a bursting tire, threw
my front over and I lost control of
my car.

“I started on this tire specialty to
save myself and my race cars. When I
found how it was working out I followed
}

 

   

   

  
  
 
    
  
   

 

  

with the natural application @f the idea. | has made the automobile even a greater
The Oldfield Tire Company is the result.” | necessity and convenience in winter than
— {t is in summer. |
aie oat EF cee RONS FOR NATIONALS, “The fact also that Hudson design)
mi y automobiles were awarded and mechanical exceilence has been so
{ ripe about % National Sedans] standardized that there have been no
aixer 1 twelve, are qua! 1 tolradical changes for years, and that a
A eae Hanus hic Seen: a) bt Hudson ear built six years ago ts still
er feral headquarters and thi >! modern and up to date In appearance fs
since the first detachment of the American|of the greatest {importance to the owner. |
Exped nary For anded tn Franc Lecause of this policy Hudson used cars |
command the very highest prices and

INCREASE NATIONAL OUTPUT, are always in demand.
In order to supply the increased demands “Tt was only a few years ago when
of the Amerian and export inarkets Na-| every automobile was a ‘one lunger'—
n July 1 will start a pro- that the first touch of frost drove every |
hat calls for the manu-]car into winter quarters. To-day every |
third again as many cars a8! Suner-Six is built to afford full protec- |
pespon ing tepive months | tion and comfort in any kind of weather.
output was established . i ey “This policy has been one of the most

   

 

TH AT THE
om REGIMENT
ARMORY

 

important factors in taking automoblley
from the list of things classified ag
‘luxuries’ and making them an all the
vear around necessity.”

eee ere ee perenne

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
       
     
             
     
       
         
     
         
     
       
       
         
                 
     
       
       
              
 
      
    
  

VISIT THE

SELDEN TRUCK SHOW

AT OUR SHOW ROOMS
See the complete line of big

powerful one to five-ton
Selden Models on display here.
Selden Trucks will not be

shown at Madison Square Gar-
den or the 69th Regiment
Armory.

The officers from the Home Offices
of the Selden Company will be at
the BILTMORE H during the
week of the Show and cordially
invite Dealers and Investors con-
templating taking over a line of
muator Trucks to call upon them
there

SELDEN TRUCK SALES COMPANY

Factory & Home ark
Rochester, N. ¥., U. 8. A.

MANHATTAN MOTORS CORP.
238-256 West 10th St., New York City

 
  
       
   

   

    
  
 
  
 
   
 

   
 

They know it to be a proved success. Ina field of good

cars Saxon “Six’’ stands out clearly as the supreme

car—the best value.

Its great pulling power, its”

smoother power-flow, its swifter acceleration and its

greater endurance, have been established in public
competition as well as in the daily service of thou-
sands of owners. And it has always been known as

an economical car. It is a motor car investment of
remarkable value.

Saxon Motor Co. of New York

Removed to 1761 Broadway
Between 56th and 57th Sts.

Export Distributors, American Motors Inc., 100 Broad St., N. Y. City

|
{
|
It is not hard to see why men want Saxon “Six.’’
|
|
|

eT gc
Come to the Saxon “Six” Booth at the Show

1m“

 

    

 

Se ee

~ ne oe