ite

 

=

 

6 ‘

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

EW YORK, the champion cele-
brator of the nation, wbict |

flaunts more banners and
sees more parades and erects more
memorials and entertains more in the
course of its everyday life than all
the other cities of the country put to-
sether, is up against it.

Give New York something simple,
1ik@ a fleet reception, or a centennial
or @ gala week for British, French or
Itallan commissions, and it is right at
home. But with the greatest event in
history to celebrate, not for a day or
a week, but for all time in short, an
event to memorialize—-New York is a
little puzzled. How shall she com-
memorate the world victofy of 1918?

That New York will have a perma-

nent memorial no one can Goubt; and
one quite aside from the arch now
being put up in temporary form on

Fifth avenue.

is becoming daily more complex.

But with plans for per- | city.
manent arches, halls of fame, parks|be made
and what not springing up on all sides, | monies.
each championed and each in

erided and cried down, the problem | proposition,of such magnitude based |

side which even Paris's Arc de
Triomphe would look small, erected sn
Battery Park is the central motive
of the plan. About three sides of a
quadrangle, to which the huge arch
would form the entrance on the land
side, would rise a walied colonnade, a
hall of fame for the soldier and sailor
heroes of the war, Flanking the arch
and inside the colonnade are proposed
two museums for trophies, one for
the army, the other for the navy.
Finally, the whole would be faced sed-
ward by an ornate water gate for the
city’s and the nation’s guests,
Landing at this water gate and
crossing a 600 foot wide court of honor,
in which a whole regiment could be
drawn up, with room for bands and ree
ception officials, the guests would pase
through the arch and out of the park
along a thoroughfare as wide as Broad-
way, decorated with columns and
memorial figures, and on up into the

Departures of such guests would!
equally impressive cere-
That no American city, as a

turn | city, has ever had placed before it a}

purely on patriotic, artistic and civic

For immediate: purposes, the arch | grounds is conceded by all who have}
now rising over Fifth avenue is ade-' seen the plans. '

quate, in the opinion of most artists
and architects, but as a

permanent |of the city’s

Battery Park, in the opinion of many |
leading architects and,

addition to the city’s artistic and ar- |artiats, is the ideal setting for a na-

chitectural equipment, a symbol not
only of our part in a world victory
by arms but of a new era of peace,
this arch has few defenders. It is
fairly plain that all factions realize

|memorial, suggested by F. B. and A.

that something bigger, more signifi- | '
| State street where that thoroughfare |

cant, will have to be brought forward
if the occasion {fs to be risen to.

For the city’s memorial, whatever
it be, will not mark a victory by land
or sea. It must be a reminder for all
time of the greatest test of heroism
well met, the greatest rejoicing that
ever rose from the nations of the
earth and the beginning of the great-

est era of hope and happiness the |

world has seen.

To rise to such an emergency, New
York finds itself handicapped at the
outset by the mere physical limita-
tfons of Manhattan Island. Conges-
tion prevails in every part of the
city, making the Streets unavailable
for any expansive treatment of archi-
tectural designs such
colonnades.
cally
majority of those that exist are
needed for air space or are protected
by public sentiment against any in-
vasion, however worthy. Joseph

Extra parks are practi-

Vrban would have a Victory Temple,

on Riverside Drive, yet Riverside
Drive, in the opinion of many, would
be sidetracking such a memorial.

What many consider the most am-
hitious project of all those yet pro-
posed is contained in a set of plans
which have been placed before the
Mayor's committee and are now
under consideration. They embrace
not only a vietory memorial, a figure
of national significance, but provide
for individual recognition of Amer-
{-a’s prowess on land and sea. Both
arms of the service are paid homage
and finally, the city receives a trans-
formed park, an imposing water gate
and an impressive entrance way
through which distinguished guests
would come from the sea into the
city.

A towering victory

arch, one be-

 

1 United States becoming inde-'
pendent of Yucatan for its
supply of binder twine material
through developments made by the
United States Department of Agricule
ture. Manila maguey has been grown
in the Philippines many years and
sisal has been introduced into those
islands since the American occupation,
Work carried on by the department
in cooperation with the Philippine Bu-
reau of Agriculture during the past
vear resulted in the introduction into
the Philippines of the first really ef-
ficient machines for cleaning the fibres.
Two machines jn the islands are fully
equipped and in operation and a third
complete outfit has been forwarded.
Mantations for supplying leaves to the
machines are being developed on a
large scale, Better methods of plant-
z, culttvatfng and harvesting are be-
ing practised, aa
The cultivation of fibre plants in the
Philippines has been confined chiefly
to areas near the coast where the
leaves could be soaked in sea water.to

 

as arches and]

out ~of the question, and the} .
| honor is open, and leads, by a series of
| steps,

ltory hall of fame with 400 or 800 niches |

 

Binder Twi

.
HERE are possibilities of the

tional and civic monument of such pro- .
portions. The plan of the proposed |

Ware and M. D. Metcalfe. architects,
requires an area whose northern line)
would extend from the Aquarium to}

| turns into Whitehal] street, and whose |

eastern and western boundaries would ;
run to the harbor on a line with Broad-
way. Broadway itself would be ex-
tended south, passing the Custom
House, and into Battery Park, where
it would go under the victory arch ris-
ing from an ornamented wall sur-
rounding the big memorial enclosure.
On the inside of the boundary walls, |
beginning at a point near the Barge |
Office and running around to the sea
end of the opposing wall south of the |
Aquarium, forming a court of honor,
would be a colonnade containing a vic- |

and tablets for busts or inscriptions
commemorating the heroes of the great
war.

Toward the harbor this court of!

down to a great water gate,
ample to admit craft as large as the
President's yacht to enter and land
guests of the city. Facing east and
west gn the court of honor, and inside
the dolonnade of the hall of fame.
stand the two museums.

The proposed triumphal arch, the
central motive of the memorial, is a
structure of colossal proportions.
From the level of Broadway as one
would enter the Court of Honor the
arch would rise to a height of 250 feet.
Its span would be the width of Broad-
way, which would be extended into the |
part at the same width as obtains up
town.

From the street level to the highest
part of the opening proper the arch
would measure approximately 180 feet.
This arch would provide a°wide van-
tage point for sightseeing, and would
be fitted with elevators and decorated
entrance halls. |

The Court of Honor, would be laid

 

eM

 

 

terial Now Being G

 

Philippine Output Improved bv

 

 

 
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
      
   

 

 

i

a: at
td

Lf

Hit
I

 

Map showing actual location of war memorial.

 

Better Machinery and|

Porto Rico May Rival Yucatan for Sisal

soften the pulp and facilitate cleaning
by hand. Cantals, or manila maguey,
Was produced more extensively be-
cause the plants were more easily ob-
tained and this fibre more easily
cleaned by hand. More than 14,000
tons of the hand cleaned fibre was ex-
ported from the Philippines during
1917. Its value for use in binder twine
is. greatly impaired because the salt
from the sea water attracts crickets
and grasshoppers, which destroy the
bands while the bundles of grain are
standing in the field. ,

It is found that sisal is not only su-
perior to maguey, as was well known
before by manufacturers in this coun-
try, but that it is cleaned to better ad-
vantage by machines. Proportionately
more sisal, therefore, is being planted.
A second introduction of a half million
sisal plants from Hawaii has been se-
cured.. The use of machines for clean-
ing the fibre will peript the planting

4, f wae ik. Ga

ty =
‘ 4 © 7 *

 

of sisal over large areas away from the
coast. The work is now started under
most favorable conditions for the de-

 

The selection of hemp for fixing and
maintaining improved strains is being
contInued, and seeds of the strains of

velopment of sisal production on a| proved superior value are sent to

large scale in the Philippines. -

Work on the development of im-
proved strains of sisal and henequen
by methods of selection is being con-
tinued on an increasing scale in, Porto
Rico. Trial plantings of sisal and
henequen have been made in the dry
lands near Quebradillas, in northwest-
ern Porto Rico, and also on Mona
Island, where several thousand acres
of unused land are apparently suitable
for these fibre crops. Propagating
stock of the plants has also been fur-
nished for experimental planting in
Centra] and South America, with the
hope of developing new centres of pro-
duction that may become available as
the increasing demand for binder twine
fibres exceeds the supplies from Yuca-
tan, -

growers who raise the seed commer-
clally. This method has been followed
during the last five years, so that most
of the hemp now grown in this coun-
try is of these improved strains.

One of the most promising recent
introductions is the Tochigi variety
from Japan. A plant of this variety
grown at St. Joseph, Mo., in 1917, gave
an excellent yield of seed, especially on
loose soil, and this seed was of good
quality and high germination, notwith-
standing three severe frosts before the
plants were harvested. This season
about thirty acres of hemp seed were
cultivated in Missouri.

Early maturing varieties, chiefly of
Italian origin, are being grown at
Madison, Wis., in cooperation with the
Wisconsin AAgriciitural Experiment

Une et

tit Hh eS

1 Saree ro ae
rey a m ue

we ae

ig

oe Tl ' i MY | T |
' ° |
a

rown by the U.

7
FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

 

3

 

 

Massive Water Gate Suggested as a Memorial of the Great War

a Arc de Triomphe and Brandenberger Thor

 

 

i

 

        
  

a A Hf) a a
\ Sean la wit:

i Te al
| i il I A i hi |

ie yt oe 1 fii! L
t | 4 mM TiN UN aS

NT

a er

a

 

TT

|Ornate piers would guard the water
| gate, which would be 600 feet long, ad-

| considerable size.
| Since the long bygone days of Castle |
| Garden, when immigrants got their
| first impression of America’s metrop-
/olis through the vistas afforded from |
what is now the Aquarium, Battery
| Park has been far from figuring ag a
| place of beauty. Visitors from Euro- |
| pean cities, whether persons of wide |

two things—the
Statue of Liberty and the aiepacsaners. |

——<—_——

Aspirants

CTING on the theory, now well
A established, that a certain pro-
portion of the students who

enter colleges have brains tncapable of |

 

compiling a series of psychological |
{tests which each entrant must pass.

this method of weeding out applicants. |
Its action was inspired by the wonders |
ful results obtained in the army, where
men were chosen

in hundreds for;

 

idren approaching the college age it!

 

 

 

City Would Have
yy . &

Settee Seana tee

 

Bartholdi monument at a safe distance
but as a rule not even a guest of the
municipality escapes being ‘anded at
an unsightly pier on the Jersey side of
the river or at an cqually unsightly
one in. uptown Manhattan.

In the event of a call at the City
Hall the visitor gets a look at the
Woolworth Building. If he has time
and can dodge those who have his en-
tertainment in charge he may journey
downtown and view at close range the
architectural marvels of the town. He
may also see Wall Street, Old Trinity,
St. Paul's Chapel and the Equitable,
the largest office building in the world.
Otherwise he goes away as he came—

’ i

Architect’s drawing of Water Gate at the Battery as viewed from the Bay. Note that the unsightly elevated and Aquarium are hidden by the structure.

interesting section may be like.
For the next two or three years at

the centre of arrival for many foreign
delegations, famous soldiers and states-
men on official and sem{-official mis-
sions. A large percentage of these
visits will call for elabcrate receptions
by city and national officials.

gests, even though the structure were

but temporary, thoge receptions, now!

beauty.
More than that, guests of the city

 

 

 

for C

 

explore the mental processes involvedyare flying

in such studies as mathematics, his-
tory, languages and theoretical and
applied sciences. The methods of test-

absorbing further knowledge, the au-|ing are standardized and grouped, to!| breather”
thoritles of Columbia University are) be given tu those supposedly having the | whether

mind of a normal person over 19.
The methods used in determining the

teresting mainly because of their
novelty, and in the course of time will
be too commonplace to attract atten-
tion. The reason for the application

with the cases of students whose par-

 

I

With |
such equipment as the memorial sug- |

| terprise of some sort.

 

olumbia
| Get a Psychology Test

Could Be Lost in Victory Arch—Greatest
Worthy Approach

Not only do such visitors pass the] would be conducted straight through

the arch and up Broadway, through
part of the canyons of skyscrapets
and past some of the most historic
spots in the town to the City Hall,
where they would be received by the
Mayor. They would then pass on up
town by Lafayette street, Washington
Square and Fifth avenue.

The advantages to the city from the
esthetic point of view alone would be
considerable, it is contended. Such a
nemoriai would mean the transforma-
tion of Battery Park trom a mediocre
lounging place with grass and a few
trees into one of the distinguistied
show places of New York.

The memorial pians are so drawn

 
    
    
    
  
 

006 ene we

\
\

jput approximateiy 600 by 300 feet.) still wondering what New York's most, that while they would not disturb any

| feature of historic interest in the park
|the great walls or the Hall of Fame

j mitting of the manmuvring of craft of | least, it is argued, New York will be! would shut off from the visitor's view

{the ugly “L” structure, and up to a
| point opposite it the squat Aquartum
| and the ramshackle public baths near
by. At the same time but a small part
of the airy spaces of the park would be
invaded, permitting an artistic re-
arrangement of.trees and grass plots,
Such a project would involve the ex-
penditure, it is estimated, of several

information or pupils of kindly guide| often a source of embarrassment | millions of dollars——possibly five or six.
books, usually admit, New Yorkers|through inadequate arrangements,| New York is used to spen@ing millions,
find, that they approach the city with !could be made events of dignity and!/but they “usually are millions for a
interest centred on

| “practical” meaning, a commercial en-

to-day must pass both
| payeholagion! and physical examina-
| tions at regular intervals. <All fliers

must take what is known as the “re

test, designed to show
the aviator retains his
faculties at high altitudes. Entering

a room fitted with « startling arr.

| Columbia is the first university to use| mental age of a college student are in-| of apparatus he is given a small ecard

upon which is printed in fine type a
series of instructions he {s to flew
in taking the test He is given a
‘moment to read and absorb the ine

jexecutive and minor positions through of these tests has long been a matter |formation and the card is then taken

the use of psychological tests quickly |of incenventence to colleges. Every |from his hand. A board of doewwre
and easily applied |semester sees its quota of “flunks” and | watches his subsequent actions @&n1
| To the mothers and fathers of chil-|the college boards are forever harassed | rates him upon the precision and ae-

curacy with which he = follows the

|may seem a terrible thought that re-|ents have the means to semi them to; Written orders.
j}@ardless of careful rearing and the | college but cannot fusnish them with!
, best of environment their child may be! the mental capacity to keep up in their}

High Altitades Duaplicatae

one of the unfortunate few who are) work | While breathing and rebreaihfna
j unable to ulllize more than a secondary, These students are ‘crammed’ for oxygen from a tank, thereby duplicat
ischool education. Yet it is true that althe entrance examinations by paid!ing the conditions to be found upon
{small proportion, sufficient to be aj;tutors; their minds are loaded with | flying to high altitudes, the aviator
|drag on nearly every college, have} just enough of the subjects required!Mmust put out lights, correct an indi
;minds that may be likened to storage to get them by, after which they be-|cator on a dial and regulate the speed
, batteries, capable of being charged just!come stumbling blocks. In the army, ,of @ motor, All of the work is done
|so far and no further, It is this class’ where all types from the lowest to the | with one hand and one foot while the
of students that Columbia University | highest are admitted, they are expertly {doctors continually take his blood pres-
{intends to keep out by the use of psy-|classified immediately upon induction. ,sure and respiration, listen to his heart,
chology and not only avoid their hin-| The quick witted are placed in posi-/and test his eyes
drance in class rooms but also help tions of authority over the slow minded! Prof. 1. M. Terman of Stanford
them to reach more quickly the walkjand backward. Men of superior in- | University, an eminent psychologist
of life for which they are fitted. (Ptsetee are made officers or given! discussing the value of these tests, has
— a ——— Based on Binet-Simon System, éxecutive work of some sort. Unfortu- pointed out the futility of uncovering
The department of psychology at nately colleges and Uuniversitios up to, the student's entire Knowledge af ule
Columbia Teachers College is now pre- | the present time have applied seler tive previous school work, and fig aratively
@| paring the tests which are to.be given, Measures only in a cursory manner. | sugmests that shafts be sunk and
candidates for admission. ‘There 1s! Mach Used in Air Service. samples of the applicant's brain powe

Station. This is the third year of s-
lection there for some varieties, and
the results promise the successful pro- .

“ve ‘portion of them will be based upon the
duction in that State of seed of heMP | Finet-Simon system, originated
fully equal to the Ferrara of northern! France
Ttaly, Several acres of broadcast hemp | prot E. L
oil a ee ea 2 roonsin | College has them in charge. As chair-
ante oe tee os MM EAlaan {il 1917 man of the board which originated the

The hemp growers AA xEM onan ain nee ‘examinations for the United States air
ganized and encouraged by the cooper-
ation of the State Experiment Station,
increased their planting last year to
7,600 acres, compared with 7,000 acres
the year before, although the unfavor- : ; :
able market which was maintained by lec tually or emotionally, to fly.
dealers and consumers until after the, "°¥ 5° —_ of entrance examination {s
close of the planting season resulted eS or the spring semester at Co-

much speculation as to just what they,
will be, but it is certain that a good

 

almost invaluable service, for through
his efforts the Government was spared
the time and expense of training hun-

a decrease throughout the country of
about 12,000 acres from the record crop
of 41,000 acres the year before.

And it all needed, for with sup-

that institution as did the selective
draft system to the National Army.
Of the tests which Prof. Thorndyke
is preparing little can be said. Their
pie see ee pa hee - 8, Sue nature will not be divulged beforehand,
States but of the allied nations also because that would allow tutors to
must depend upon the hemp produced coach students for them just as they
in this country. now prepare them for the ordinary ex-
Foreign inquiries are being received amination. However, it can be stated
and it is reported that some American|With reasonable assurance that the
hemp has been sold for export, the} tests will determine the entrant's per-
first instance in half a century. ception, judgment and alertness, and

in pert that a
a little over a decade ago.) men

lumbia it may prove as beneficial to|

The psychologists in the army camps
who had charge of rating the intel-
ligence of drafted men became so ex-
line of several hundred
could be moved
of error leas than 2 out of 100, In
one large draft camp a personne! offi
cer examining negroes was in the

service, he rendered the country an/habit of glancing at each man in turn

and instantly asking him a set of
questions to show his mental age.
, “Where were you born’? How

dreds of men who were unfitted, intel- | are you?”
If the)

Thén leaning across
officer would. whisper:
“Have you any ancestors’
In cases of low mentality

the desk the

the

draftee would assume that ancestors |

were something in the nature of
cooties, and he would offer a lasty
and yehement denial of any such
property.

Psychological tests were used more

extensively in the United States air
service than in any other branch of
the army. From the time a man up-

plied for his initial examination in
the flying corps he was subjected to

continuously, |
Thorndyke of Teachers| each being classified, with a percentage

old

jhe extracted for
gists agree that differences in Ind
;Vidual endowment exist at birth and
jare emphasized with progress toward
maturity.
Universal

ass iy

All psyeholo

standards hava been
reached whereby each person ex-
amined can be classified, and as the
classifications are ow well nigh per-
fected, it is possible to apply them to
the college entrance examination with
lassuranee of their accuracy
Tt is quite probable that the new
system will meet with disfavor in the
mind of the general public Parents

are loath to believe their children any

{thing but perfect, and a father who has
attended some famous university and
desires his son to follow in his foot

steps can hardly be blamed for hiring
any number of tutors to make it possf-
jble. But if the psychologists are given
‘a free rein, the tutors will fail in their

purpose, the university will avoid a
|needless drag and expense, and the
'mind Which has reached its maximum
leantent will be diverted to its own

rightful spheres of usefulness instead
lof being allowed to tackle work beyond

one test aftgr another, The men who | {ts capacity.

   
  
     
     

oak eae aie
Se ee ne ee oe