aa ee

Sig WP ROE Diaries t

é

me ornate,

wee os
Sees enna, eae

 

6

———
——--

 

 

&& EY, WOODY That was
1 Old Princeton greeting
hich P 1

whi resident Wilson

 

heard breaking through the shower of
applause that greeted him as he stood
On the platform hefore a great audi-
ence at Manchester. He peered about,
hoping to espy the one who had thus
unexpectedly called up memories, and
he bowed in the direction from which
the voice came with one of his warm-
est smiies

 

The truth is “Woody” is giving
every one a:surprige by the way he
let himself

human being. Here is an interesting |
cominent of his on himself which hits | trinkets that swing from their silken
‘cords, these are taking on a wonder-

 

 

AMERICAN EMBASSY . PARIS.

just like any other}

6

 

2 o

HOTEL CRILLON

i Titibrellas, and they are very smart. |

  

ircicle especially necessary in Paris |

"ont e Stpposea vo nave wien! — FAaSHION-—Necessaries of Daily Comfort Getting Back
to Normal—Author of ““Madelon” Poor

Government of the United States had; name and enlarged its functions as a
| Preliminary to helping the small pro-
| prietors rehabilitate their buildings, to
their back taxes, rents,
become the
| Box of Public Credit.
lthe direct results of the war.
to strangers
|to. the pawnshop atrocities
Paris Mountain
| seemed alréady to be an admirable in
It was in reality what its very
| Sympathetic name implied,
jfor the worthy needy.

liberties with the President's umbrelia
out at the golf clubhouse while he was
on the fleld. It was brown silk, with
the ribe white ivory tipped; an in-
verted Chinese vase in blue and white

served as a knob and two white ivory a first class press bureau of its own
trinkets dangied from the cord which | established in the Elysees Palace Hotel,
rnamented the handle.

: : : | just across the avenue from the news-
Already any one who makes a point | paper rendezvous, fully equipped with

of keeping up with the fashions pos-|q rut staff, cable and telegraph run-
Sses an umbrella with the ribs white | ning night and day, gathering and dis-
tipped, and Chinese vases in the great- i seminating the news from all parts
est variety are appearing on the han- ! of the United States.

des, while as for the two pendant | The rivalry is probably a friendly
| one, as the news of the Commission
'

Off the situation perfectly : |of Public Information, as Uncle Sam
ny : 4 ful variety, from Ninette and Rintin- calls his show, consists chiefly of tid-
have been ve muct terested,” p boars’ } . ;
‘ ry much interested,” /tin to white elephants and FS bits from the various States of the
he said, “before coming here to see | tusks.

what sort of a person I was expected |
to he. So far as I can make out I was!
expected to be a perfectly bloodless |

thinking machine, whereas I am per-
fectly aware that I have in me all the
insurgent ele

I am

sof the human race.

 

 

stinc’s in restr

Taxe note that he quatifies his state- |
Ment by the word sometimes, and of
course that does not mean always. For |
insta en he was being driven
thr tue de la Paix, the world's
fashion factory, sitting beside Presi-

dent Poincare and with every wfndow |

filled with bouquets of little sewing

 

 

Birls, “Woody” did not restrain him-
self from blowing kisses at the thou- |
sands of frail and sympathetic midi-

aettes Who Were waving him an ova-
tion with kerchiefs and bright colored
i and laces—whatever they cou'd

|
atch tup from the } bles, the
- 2 Wer seeyes : l ous desuetude, and their special grief lair and opinionated that his

daint.est and most expensive.

Aglow With Memory of Walson,

 

 

 

I ta iwith one of these Httie girls
the other day and she was still all
azlow at the meory of it. “He did,”
she said President Wilson nous
envoyait des baisers.”

He probably d:d not start out for!

the founding of the society of nations

With any idea of also influencing the}
fashions it euch is his popularity |

he wears or does not!
seized upon by the!

 

that even what
wear 1s it
fashion exper

of note The story went the rounds
that he had his high hat lifted out of
hfs hand one ht back of the opera
and that he rode home to his Palace
Murat hatless and in hilarious mood
i quence. The next day the

e
far

 

 

 

  

the opera and highly recommended the

new idea.
Whether | President

 

   

 

not los on that night, we all
know ' the morable seance
at the Academy wher

the init n of Marshal Joffre to his
seat among the Immortals, when the
ceremonies were over and the Presi-

his hat, and it required the

 

 

The inference would be that “Woody”
{fs Inclined to throw off some of his
restraint in Paris, at least concerning

his high hat, which he always waves
aout in circles over the crowd in a
way to indicate that for two cents he
would throw it away altogether and

get out and “play ball.”

Arbiter of New Modes,

 

Kut here is the latest. Some people
have vreatness thrust upon them, and
whether he will or not it looks as if
Woodrow Wilson may become the ar-

biter of modes for the peace delegates

of the world, that is if the creators of

fashion have their way Now it is the
Wilseor collars or more properly
speaking the Wilson no collar, or at
least no stiff hed coilar regime
Some enterprising journallet discov-
ered that the President of the United
States takes off his collar when he

 

 

 

works, and at once all the ‘fashion
chroniclers took up the refrain.

Why not? Why should a man wear
thore stiff uncomfortable things?
Why is it not more elegant to wear
those soft, high collars held in place
at the cravat with a strong pin of some
eort, such as many of the smart Amer-
jean officers, especially the aviators,

Wear about tne streets and tn the res-
tuurants of Paris? Why not, indeed?

So the Beau Brummells of America
m: keep a sharp lookout for new
modes in men's neckwear—after the
pesave is siened—and in the meantime
ho one need be surprised if all the
peace delewates at Versailles remove
thesr collars in the course of their ar-
nous duties What a tableau such a
painting would muke hung alongside
the laces and velvets and wigs of the
Other historic pietures hanging on the
walls of the Trianon for future gener-
ations to gaze it!

Varis is already bristling with Wil-

  

reason of long |
Seoten tradition, able to keep those in- |

' being snappy dressers to appear with

| They are to be seen thus at fashion-,

‘brother of the politician, even some-

{is against the Deputies who write bi«
| leaders for the press, a loeil, as the

| of the printing press, that the Depu-
| les are probably not losing any sleep

on notes in the papers took up|

the question of men going hatless to}

do efforts of tne ushers lo trace: the Am
he shining object and restore it to its |

 

 

i

| Union, which are given out to the
One Trouser Leg Turned Up. |
embassies, while the chief business of

Another thing: It has been discov-
' w , the } te’
ered that in the photograph taken of | the newspaper men e legitumates, is

the President and Mrs. Wilson with the |
King and Queen during their re - |
ent trip to England the President
carelessly had one of his trouser legs
‘urned up, not beth, in the English
style. Presto! It is now the latest
chic for men who pride themselves on

home.

{this weight of Information both com-

with the bread earning of the jour-

1
ne trouser leg carelessly turned up nalist by profession.

able restaurants, at the theatres and
yn the boulevards
Paris {s always the sarre. It must

; ‘ ;
have some distinguishing fad with dent Wilson, is a personality not

which to amuse itself and to relieve | @mong the ordinary. His was the hand |

the monotony | that virtually ruled Spain during the

The journalist is always the little | Minority of the King, and still rules)

it. so the Spaniards say.
times his big brother. The French
journalists recently formed some kind
f House of the Press, presumably for
their mutual! protection. The members
of that organization are not engaged
in upbraiding one another for innocu-

is lame, as was Richard, and the story
goes that as a little boy he was £0

father in a fit of anger at his imper-
tinence picked him up and threw him
French say, and without pay of
course, as in this way they can show
off their importance to their home
constituents as well as help to swing
measures in which they are interested.

But the bread earning journalist;
where does he come in? That is what

for life.

these are asking themselves, and they
are promising vengeance. Stjll when

e
did an association of writers ever Ul } lal ) 1
co anything really helpful for them-

ene ce enathia . thy | Selves! Their lack of cohesion {is s0 a
s as something worthy j renowned, since the very foundation | ‘ ee years ago I was com-

missioned to visit a manesup-

over the matter, and the newspaper
proprietors are getting copy, more or
less good, toujours a l'oeil,

away from a banking institution for
some time. I went at rather an in-
opportune time. The man was out,
and his wife, knowing who I was, was

 

Tardieu in the Right Place.

Andre Tardieu is the right man in!
the right place. He knows the spirit |™much perturbed.

 

of America almost as well as if he had| ‘“Bhe explained the case thoroughly |
did or did|}teen porn there, and he knows also

and assured me that her husband was

t ace the » WDE -
he place that the newspaper in Amer really sick and was at that time out

ica occupies and the influence it

he witnessed | wields for an airing. She also added that

she did not approve the bank's send-
ing a physician to spy upon her hus-
band and did not think it was right

M. Tardieu must have read the riot
act to the French Government, be-
cause, presto' the Government has

rted to leave he again could! requisitioned the finest pa¥ace in the after he had served the institution

Champs Elysees for a residence for | *° Well for so many years. a
an newspaper men who are The woman's earnestness appealec

in Paria for the Peace Conference, |t9 me. I reported the case and also
Good-by, billiard tables; the lambs | ber attitude. ‘Go there again, doc-
will now be gathered into one fold, | t°°: and assure that woman the last
under a roof to make millionaires one | thing in the world the bank is at-
vious, and not even the President in| tempting to do is to spy upon her hus-
Palats Murat is any more luxuriously band,’ were my further instructions

 

 

housed. It was indeed gratifying to me to be}

The new newspaper emporium is the| @88ured that it was not as a spy that

property of the late M. Dufayel, who|1 Was sent and that the institution |

made an immense fortune {n the dry! Was really in earnest and anxious
goods and houschold furnishing busi-| about the man’s welfare. The case
ness. The Dufayel stores, situated far} proved to be a worthy one and the
up in the Montmartre quarter, are one} institution more than did its part by
of the show places of Parts. They | its employee.

cover an immense space and are won- “It wags that particular trip that
derfully Ughted by a system of glass| brought to mind the possibilities of
corridors; they have a moyte show all | Institutional medical work and the
of their own and numerous other at-| beneficial results which might follow
tractions, to say nothing of the enor-| should it be organized and put upon a
mous display of household goods, which practical working basis. As a result

the late proprietor sold largely on the, of this call, then, the medical depart- |

instalment plan,
In other words, Dufayel was a man

ment was organized.
“That wag some years ago, Its be-

 

of the people and catered largely to!ginnings were humble. At that time |
the poorer classes. His hotel, by the |a small room in the basement was the |

way, is bullt on the site of the resi. | doctor's office. One hour a day was
dence of the Duchesse d'Uzes, and/| given to the work. It consisted chiefly
when Dufayel waa rebuilding he gave} of clinical work in its simplest form;
orders to his workmen not to leave a' minor complaints and the milder dis-
single foundation stone of the aristo-| eases were taken care of. .As a matter
cratic, not to aay historic, residence,|of fact, the department at first was
such was his dislike and conggmpt for| not used to any great extent.”
the aristocrats of France, Thus writes Dr. Norman Barnesby,
medical director of the National City
Too Imposing for a Home.
On the site he built the present! ment in the current issue of Number
Structure with massive wrought tron| Eight, the bank's monthly magazine.
gates in front; it Is too imposing for a} Like all the departments of the Na-
private residence, and it !s said that/tional City Bank, this one has now
Dufayel constructed it with the inten-| reached a scope which could not have
tion of turning it into a museum of} been contemplated in the beginning
some sort. He died shortly after !t|The comparison of records and a re-
was completed, so that it has practi-| view of results illustrate in striking
cally never been occupied. But it is/fashion the expansion of growth in
now in @ fair way to become already| modern banking institutions beyond
historic as the general headquarters|the strict business of banking. They
of the press emphasize the human aside of which
In the meantime Uncle Sam has|most persons not familiar with bank-
stolen a march on the newspaper men.|ing activities have no conception,
Long before they got over here the For instance, Dr. Barnesby's fires

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

 

rose Vignettes of Paris Life in Days of Peace and Wilson

ams
re
Li

poe

t
Po

F

i

4.

   

 

AMERICA'S PEACE CAPITOL 17 PARIS.

Municipal Cash
This is one o

accustomed

Householders
overtaken by sudden misfortune such
European press direct and through the as loss of position from sickness
!families suddenly bereft of their wage
earning support could go to the Mont!
de Piété and by presenting a rent re-
ceipt get small sums of money ]
them over difficult places

ing whatever they had of value,
ing and going, and if Uncle Sam sticks| this for 2 per cent. per year

|to his last, this giving out of news, |
also a l'oeil, is not likely to interfere | ably still are, the sharks, the Maisons
de Reconnalssance, easily recognized at
| night by their flaming red lights, which
were always willing to take the pawn-
tickets and advance an 2
money on these for another extr:

;to get news on this side and send it |

”-
If the cables do not break down with

Unfortunately, there were, and pro-

' Qonde Romanones, the present |

Prime Minister of Spain and once more |
in power, and who came al] the way |
to Paris for a meeting with Presi- |

 

misfortune themselves
two interests instead of one
j they often lost their fam!ly
old jewelry in the end
these will

There are many rumors aftoat ali|
over Spain as to the deeds and per-|
sonality of this remarkable man; he |
is called the Richard III of Spain. He}

Those who have not lived in
during the years of war can never Ir
discomfort

yne has suffered, and especially

people, with the amo t
energy wasted
jthe requirements and in trying to be
frugal of all the little things whi
out of his carriage bodily, laming him! ordinary times s*arcely counted

This especially as regards

 

 

complying

The Mont de Piété, in other words,
the Paris pawnshop, with the begin-|and it is with real joy thot we
ning of the New Year has changed its| we will no longer have to present

posedly sick who had been|

 

work was confined to emergency cises
To-day the department not only treats
cases minor and major,

 

| with the bank, The examinat!
perfunctory affair either

| eleven months 1,953 persons have been

; examined and 1889 have been passed

NORMAN
BARNESBY.

Bank, of the inception of hig depart- |

 

 

 

 

dy

ST.ROCH , WHERE PARIS MIDINETTES ATTEND.

oe gerd may manatee President's Lightest Act Gives Boulevards Cue for a New

{ticket in order to get a bit of petrol or}to live our normal, creature-comfort
a bottle of gasolene; that 1s one bur-/| lives.

cen lifted, anyway.

 

vi

you.

You still drop into a restaurant, tired |
and hungry, and you remember that}
you left your bread tickets in your|
jother bag this morning. You forgot
; to bring out an empty bottie; you can-

not get any milk. You must economize

our matches to the utmost; they are!
j#xpensive and hard to find. You must

save every bit of paper ang string you
‘an get your hands on, an@ in washing
ut all your small things, handker-

chiefs, stockings, which you must do}

if you do not wish your laundry bill to
be as big as your board bill, you must
economize the soap, because soap is
worth almost its weight in gold.

The Americans f!n uniform, male and |

fernale huve a vreat advantage, be- |
iuse they can go to the American
Army ommissary stores, but even

they have to stand in line fur an hour

 

too, for the hospitals
e soup question is amusing
There is a certain brand of American

 

j}soap which may work all right in

American water, but in France every-
thing is French, even the water, and
th n brand of soap does not
cent over here. We can

{fs Ameri

 

 
 

lather for
penk of t e big-littl annoyances
w that t ei sare no longer in

 

the cold, gluey trenches; be‘ore, it

   

 

So this is in reality a very glad

oN w Year; we can once more begin

e of Bank Do

Wonderful Results Among Employees
Obtained by Dr. Norman Barnesby
in a Few Years

 

 

In other words, there were eighty- |

rejections for these ailments and
fects: heart disease, not a good risk,
hernia, poor physique, tuberculosis,
Kiriney disease, goitre and trachoma,
There have been 207 examinations
for the foreign branch certificates, of
Which mumbe= 189 were passed. Out-

 

 

—————

 

THE FONCIERE

| soldiers have struck
You have found yourself rushing | off rather a good expression for those
homeward, perhaps through a cold:of their number who are always
rain; you were thinking of the nice hot| foraging
ip of tea you were going to make for | There ure a great number of places
provided both by the Government and
the Hed Cross, and some by the Y. M
A., to say nothing of the numerous
private enterprises which have gener-
ously contributed
the inner soldier, so that a hungry, or
greedy, boy can sally forth and go the
rounds, eating a dozen meals in a day
° go inclined, at a very small cost to;
| taurants. They are still under serious
The soldiers have named these fel- | restrictions as to both hours open and
But we have all/ the menus they serve, the latter natur-
j ally, because of tue still great short-

for something good to

urself, and then suddenly you re-|
| membered that you had no more petr 1]
tor the stove, and at the same time}
that you had no petrol tickets with}
| comfort of

lows food hounds.
become more or less food hounds, and
dainty women who
thought and discussion of mere
gar food before the war have taken to
accumulating like the rest, laying by
for a rainy day.
The New Year
blessings to fill the longing for intel-
revictualing.
interesting
practically
This {s especially gratifying to |
the returning American troops and the
arnry of women war workers, who nat-
urally want
real Paris before they sail back home,
many of them having come abrvad for
; the first time and many never to re-
never have set
foot in France except for the war.
Some of them wanted to go to the|
Louvre to get a glimpse of Mona Lisa
Venus de
jewels and
| went to Napoleon's tomb, all
with sacks of sand.
the Luxembourg with
paintings and statu- !
Cluny—closed

shuddered

brought other

places are all

get waited on, and then all the| something

things are reserved, and quite!

who would

 

 

 

ason to exhibit such a= sel-| tions of modern
ary—closed
Carnavalet—closed,

much everywhere the same

;w

ctor’s

7,71 clinical cases and 13,599 visits.
“It will be asked,” says Dr
“why the bank gtves such atten-

does not have to be a Sandow to op-
erate a typewriter or an adding ma-
chine or to add columns of
That is true, but he has to be
| physically well, and we have to know
that he is physically

before we,
thinking of the man's welfare

department
he may be assigned
into a department
tubercular individual or

In fact, the medical departinent has)
been bullt up out of a curious com!-
nation of motives. hunianitarian as well |
as ufiiitarian.
one consideration was
| benefit plan of the bank

business to

phew things brought about by after

‘those who be a burden from;
No level headed business |
or firm or corporation will
ploy a mentally defective

why a physically

'whi

employees well after they are in
Karnesby believes in and practises the
better as well
cheaper to keep well than to get well
To this end the bank supplies a force |
of doctors and nurses,
specialists,

This costs the bank money, |
but It is free, not as a charity, but as

an ald to what the medical department

calls “the institution's vitals,”

It is a rule of the department that
take place as
may be deemed necessary, and {n any
event two or three times a year. |
direct monetary profit to the bank!

|} fered most This
farchitects and seu

medicines, am- |

examinations

says there is ‘on the ledger a humani-
profit, distinctly

a definite
monetary profit to the institution be-
cause the department's work Increases
individual efficiency in many cases, It
recognized fact

 

institution

makes a sick man well the institution | paintings of a historical
lirectly benefits

considered
of service
ther department of the institution, as
ipon the efficiency of the entire work-
ing force depends the individual suc-
cess attained.”

  

 

 

 

 

 

———__

 

a Li] ae ee ie

ao

          

INS. CO. TO THE

story. But now all is changed. The
French have hurried as much as they
could, considering the lack of manual
labor, due tu the grievous war Causing
gaps in its ranks, and now nearly

everything is open again, another |
| the sun, while we have been wi:

cause for rejoicing.

The cinemas (movie shows) are do-
ing a smasiiing business, partly be-
cause even the most conservative,
those who think it indecent to go to
the theatres with all their families and
friends in mourning, can quite prop-
erly go to the cinema to see the war
films. These are so fine, so life-like;
the entrance of the French troops
intu the Rhine towns and others, that
there is round after round of applause.
The entrance into Strausbourg is es-
pecially wonderful, and it is often
given as an extra, by special request,
at the well-known places.

Restaurants Under Ban Yet.

The hardest class to keep within
the line of decorum are the res-

age in food stuffs. But as their in-

| terest is to serve as much and us

many as they can, and to keep open

| as late as possible, there are constant

clashes with the police,
Christmas Eve saw some lively do-

ings along these lines, and a number j

of proprietors of smart restaurants,

who hired rooms up dark stairways |

where toe initiated met and made
merry until the small hours, were
heavily fined afterward.

Rather a painful episode took place |

before a notorlous smart restaurant,
much frequented by strangers, up in
Montmartre, in the early hours of the
morning. Montmartre is an artist

quarter, if you will, but it is also aj
poor quarter Poulbots, notorious |

street urchins, are Montmartre types,
as the artist himself who lives up
there under the shadow of that great
basllica the Sacre-CHur.

When a gay party of richly gowned

Women, with their escorts, sallied |
torth from the restaurant at a very]

late hour on Christmas Eve, the

nen were set upon by some of the
poor women of the quarter, who were

   

,Outraged at their lack of respect for,

Vork

present conditions, and so roughly
handled that they had to be rescued
by the police,

Apropos of Montmartre, the com-

poser of the song moft popular with:
; the potlus as it was they who made it
\ sige of examinations there have been! famous, “Madelon,” and which is being
jsung all over the world and played
{for all the troops as they come march-

ing Rome, lives up there, poor and ob-
scure, His son lost both legs in the

{war and he has received only slight

profit from all the millions of coptes
of his song which have been sold,
while the publisher is becoming rich
from it.

Composer Recelves Nothing.

According to the law, he can only
touch a royalty when it ts given in a

‘theatre or a public place of amuse-

ment, and as ‘‘Madelon" is sung or
played most often in the streets or in
private dwellings, the poor composer
floes not receive anything for these.

I) pluribus unum is the watchword
Y a new society which is mobilizing
itnelf at the front, that Nas taken as

(istes Mobilisés. This is another of t

 

war conditions, and {t may prove to he
the nucleus for a great renaissance in
all things artistic in France, a so>r-
thing which will throw the Cubls a
and the Futurists in the shade, and
ch may create © new literature as
AS neW standards {n music and

     
 
 

those mobilized it ie perhaps
ist class, which needlesa to say
{s enormous in France, that has suf-
s especially true of
ors, who from the
very nature of their ovecupations have
een unable since the war began to
do a stroke of work

 

 

Now they are asking for their com- |

pensation: it is due them, The ovea-
ston also ie not lacking, for there are

ithe wonderful things, already in a!

state of gestation, which are going to

aris, for the great défile of the troops

when they come marching home from }
fand to connect the two bys

the front, a pageant such as the world
has never seen

Much to Be Permanent.

Besides this. there are triumphal

jarches to he built, there will be statues!

and paintings to be done of Cleme

 

hceau, of Foch, of other notabilities, |
those who will take an active part in!

the- Peace Conference, us well as genre
character

r¢ | which will fix for posterity the stirring
As no charge whatsoever is made |events through which the
for examination, consultation or treat- | passing,

world is now
Therefore, there need be no

ment, the department is not in a posi-: lack of lucrative work so far as the

tlon to show any actual profit, but its | painters, sculptors, architects, musi-
‘alue must ,

cians and writers are concerned

With all this in mind, the young
men of this category who are still at
the front sent a delegate to Paris this
Week to look after their interests, and
to open the way for orders for at

RIGHT ts AVENUE de!’OPERA,

selves might be safely guaried

arise a style which it is ho;
which ought to be born of the grea‘
conflict.

-

 

| Dined tulents together

{ . ,effort, not only to heauti
its tithe—Federation Francaise des Are | | we

 
 

least a part of this great) jars
which is supposed to fall natu
into thelr ateliers, of its own accord
But he came back only to report
“They don’t care a fig for us ba
there in Paris, those who stay

 

 

 

 

these four years {n the mud
who begged us to hold firm to the
bitter end in order that they t!

 

are there now fighting for all the est
orders for themselves, X, is negoti-
ating for the statue of Clemence
Y, for that of Foch, and the alpha!
has not enough letters to designate
those who are making the rus! for
the monument to the poilus.”

“It is, a shame, an outrage
chorused his listeners.

“Wait a minute,” continued the

speaker. “Bids are open for the

camouflage of the triumphal route to
be followed by the glorious ¢t 8
through Paris on their return fror
front. 1 went and consulted the Mir
ister. a

Which one?"

   
 

“The one competent He replied

| that the financial sucieties which hav

charge of public amusements w

secured the rights to all nces-
sions

‘Infamy! <A scandal.
“Well, then,” goes on the messnszer

}imperturbably, “they are only thinking
jof the old ones, of the retired before
the war, of the incapable.’ This is the
| way the young men at the front ik
at it. Nevertheless, these young ones
have passed through the flery furnace
ia whole generation of artists, an or-
deal that has enlarged their

and from whom may Le expected

d and

 

Formed to Combat Danger.

To combat this other danger, there

fore, the Federation Francaise
Artists Mobilists was created there
that other battlefield. They
business, too. They propose,
essary, to organize a salon 0

own. and they have already drawn of
plans requesting to be represented by
at least two-fifths of the jur.
awards, those who will have t

ing out of contracts for ail tis
work ahead in connection wit t
great festivities of next sume:
well as in the creation of al] memorials,
&c. Bravo! once again for t
nesse, for the artist poilus w!

i;done their full share in saving torr
‘country from the Boche!

 

 

The director of the Beaux Arts

presidents of the salons, the ysers
tors of the museums, the managers
the schools of applied arts and the edi-
‘tors of the art reviews can hereby |. @

notice; these young poilus of

‘arts are again on the warpa!

this time with their bright

|faces turned toward Puris.

The agitation surrounding t

Conference is dull and mund
compared to the animation
world of art in all its bran
!Paris. The Peace Conference p!
'to deal with the psychologic:
; moral betterment of a heter:
mass of the peoples of the w
; all architects, painters and
of note

 

aus well as the dire
Arts, are laying the
in

 

the Keg

 

  
 

7
cleanse and renew her fror
toe for the trfumphal ent:

poilus when they come 1

proudly home to victory; b

do honor to their sublime dead

  

May Use Mont Valarien
Already one idea ts taktt
shape. It is the proposit
vert Mont Valerien, an a:
Standing on a high hill
Into a megnificent mauwus
memory of the dead and dis
heroes, those who cannot
t call on that

the living stream of the

x

   

Warriors will pass in triump?
the Are de Triomphe

The pians for this are
tirely worked out, but it will
thing more magnificent ¢)
curial outside Madrid = Jt is
to erect another Arc d

‘ {somewhere near Courbeyo!
be carried out for the beautifying of | SOMeWhere near Courhevote w

he about half way between
Triomphe tn Parts and Mont \

of handsome boulevards
trees, shrubs and flowers. T?
will soon find her horisze
the district through whi
highway will pass will be
hecome a whole new and eles
dence quarter; in facet the
are Infinite As ustital,
harken back to Napole
versal genit
and exploits, as well as his

his ylans for eversthing * 3
civilized life, still serve as nm at
only for the French themselves for
the whole civilized world, {:

 

  

s, whose milita

 

Roches

Along the walls of the

lhe ere ted in hoe-rellefs etat

‘Colonels and Generals, and a

be hung with the flags
trophies captured by the arm: m
the enemy. *”

 

EE

eE-

—