Wizard Trouble Testers ‘Who Keep \ Yo O

 

Inside View of System That
Makes Perfect Service Pos-
sible Reveals Marvels

 

By HARRY ESTY DOUNCE. | always talking as it seems into their

OUTH of Thirty-fourth street on | | Berber ieee stand four staff officers,

| better known to 24 Walker street as

S Manhattan chad are twenty | despatchers, The map is of Manhattan
central office telephone districts, | Island, from Thirty-fourth street down

all better known to you, Mr. Sub- | You recognize the place, but you won-
scriber, as Central” or “Exchange.” | der if the cartographers didn't map it

ney: ; jafter an imaginary earthquake or on
Their aves which you associate -with | the morning after something else.
people's telephone numbers, are Broad, This is because, in order to have the

Howling Gréen, Whitehall, Rector, | map long enough to ‘give four des-
Hanover, Beekman, John, Barclay, | patchers room to work abreast, yet not

; . Ht so wide that they cannot reach the
Cortlandt, Worth, Franklin, Canal. | | North River front from the floor, some
Spring, Orchard, Forsyth, Chelsea, | ingenious distortion was practised.
Marragut, Gramercy, ‘Stuyvesant and | The uptown section shows compressed.
Madison Square. | the Battery section expanded, poor cid

;Greenwich Village skewed like a
- Daily you use or call for a phone on | drunken concertina. None of that im-

the switchboards of one of these twenty | pairs the usefulness of the map, whieh
centrals. Sooner or later in the course | bristles with wire pegs, hung with gay
‘f human and teiephonic nature you | little tags of diverse shapes and colors

and with pins that have heads like a
1 j !
run into Trouble—real trouble, not a | typewriter's key, each head showin. a
stake, but apparatus out of order.

| number,

And then? Having cussed a little| Now. keeping all this in mind, sup-

108 ¥ ,

‘not into the phone, it is to be hoped, eater eBags Wetha, ineantetio
‘though one of the kinds of people! get an idea Oo? the vastness and com-
which it takes to make a world is the | plication of the centralized testing bu-

1d, happily rare, who pelt girl opera- | reau, let us write down in our mem-
tora with tursea), you ‘hutry to some- aie that the twenty central offices
body else's phone and tell Central |
youfs won't work; or, as the case may |
le, you jiggle the receiver hook of
yours and report that the phone you)
want wont.

What happens next? How is the
trouble diagnosed and jocated?

   

In order to show you how it is neces-
essary to take you behind the scenes
in a@ Central,of Centrals, a telephone
lioly of Hollies, on the elghth and other
floors at 24 Walker street, which ad-
dress you perhaps know by sight as a
tall, sheer sided, severely plain red

hullding that dominates a nondescript
business neighborhood west of the |
wholesale dry goods belt of Broadway. |

Nerve Centre of Wire Service. |

look on that building with awe when
hext you happen near it. The physi- |
cal nerve centre, the medulla, tf you
like, of telephone service and telegraph
as well is under its lofty roof; and the
centre of local service for New York
not only but of a good deal of the na- |
tion's service too.

Naturally precautions are taken at
24 Walker street. How anxiously, how
tlaborately they were taken through
the war, only T. & R. officers and Fed-
eral agents could tell, and neither care
to do it even yet.

As for fire, the telephone people |
have Cnief Kenlon’s own assurance
that the building is the most warrant-
ably flreproof of all the fireproof struc-
tures in the city, and New York's
modern fireproof structures come
nearest to making the adjective good
of any in the world. If ever anything
resembling a fire should get started)
there the chief feels sure it can be}
stopped before much harm is done. |

  

trouble.
Floor eight is multifariously and |
intensely busy. Most of it is open all
together, like a factory loft or a young!
ree narrowest of haar hoards, general | yihone There are more stations
than lines, of course, on account of
beence of woodwork, heavy, seamless
linoleum under foot and a strictly en-!

;scribers' private switchboards,
forced no smoking rule \etray the;

rejudi st havi Aves oul! You run into trouble. You get Cen-
prejudice against having fires, {tral's ear, one way or the other, and |
pass through a maze of desks under

F /vell her, She simply connects you with |
migeonhole raeks—this being the de- jthe repair. clerks—the hollow square |

partment, chiefly clerical, where new described above—at 24 Walker street,
subseribers’ orders are attended to- eighth floor. Fhe repair clerk inquires

an 7 0 at
and arrive at an end of the room ar ‘your ‘phone number, and where the
ranged as follows: |
|
|

here centrainzea tor troupies mean
+ 130,000 and more subscribers’ lines,

Within four steel frame columns of

- \
the aS a gi euere yd Some funny replies are remembered.
keys and h lamps in platoons, “This 'phone ‘ll talk, but it won't say

seven open card file cabinets form 2! nothing,” one injured voice declared.
hollow square, in the middle of which |

‘| hi complaint made sense to the}
two information clerks sit facing eac |clerk, who understood it to mean, as
her. The hollow square is the re-

{it did, that the complainant was able |

patr clerks’ desk, The card files hold to make the other fellow understand |
ird for each subscriber's line of all \ nies

twenty central offices, If your phone| ia)
one of those twenty exchanges
r card is there at hand.

For the sake of quick classification |
the tops of the cards are colored ac-
ding to central office districts and
the nature of the service. At a glance
the color and the position of a tab on!
he margin of the card tell the repair |
clerk the story.
Moving around the department you |

find yourself in the aisle between the/ .neoriper, Replacement of a broken

hatl , 9 0
ollow square and a long, continuous | recaivar iano much more complicated,

yes > , ‘
hattery of test desks looking (to the | ana there are common, and simple.
Ayman) not unlike Central's everyday

x {kinds of trouble requiring a repair

awitchboard aa we all know it from | man, but which the repair clerk's ex-
AG BCL UTOs of the young women a | perience has taught her to recognize
el work. | and spot as soon as the symptoms are
Rut the workers here are men, aiid | described to her.

ese men are the most exjert and}

ighest paid of all why earn a living} Dingnosis by the Test Man,

sittihg up to telephone apparatus

ceivers harnessed to thelr ears,

symptoms seem to be,

the other fellow had to say. |

In a certain percentage of cases the!
{repair clerk can determine right away |
what is the matter, and where, andj
; have it attended to without help from |
the busy test men. For instance 400,
subscribers a week report that their |
‘phones’ mouthpieces have got broken. |

| ment out of business in any way, and

th

)

| However, when the trouble is o”7 a
ut i kind beyond her power of location
and horn shaped mouthpieces rising | that is, requiring test—what she does

m their breastbones, }is to pick out the filed card of the ail- |
In front of each, at his left, Is a} ing ‘phone or circuit and send it along
white dial with a nervously sensitive, by a file boy (who roughly corresponds
aillating needle, It is the face of the to a liaison officer) to the appropriate
uillameter, whose facial express:on# t0.1 man, He tests the lines involved,
ire marvellously eloquent, inasinuch | ong by virtue of the delicate ob-
the test man reads by them tha servation instruments before him he
facta he wants for spotting a cause of can presently note on the card
trouble. whether the trouble is with the sub-

Spotters Rival Artillerymen, scriber’s Mne, the subscriber's station
or the central office apparatus, and

  

And unless that cause happens to lie
buried In one of the great malin under-
ground cables he can spot it almost
nvarlably with such precision that the : ; latitina saat inane

‘pair man can be sent straight to the; pers ae Meee = aes
spot. Artillery range Anding wirards | thing wrong among the circuits in the
have nothing much on him! . |ecable, The case, instead of moving on

Leaving the test desk, as if on tie
order left wheel, you find before you
twelve studious individuals, also be-
eceivered and bemouthpleced, who face
tach other in pairs across @ long desk | while let's stick to the eighth floor,
with kevs and lamps and with part of| and to cards and mishaps the test men
‘he hollow squace’s card file conve-| there do dispose of.

‘ent to half of them, They aretrouble}  pjirectly such trouble is located and

But in a certain percentage of trou-

 

room, which is upstairs, We are go-

 

Hack of the other half is a spacious card, to which, with a wire clip, is by
War map, or something like one -a| now affixed a little tag for the map.
“ar map which Tirpits. or Hindenburg] The despatcher takes the tag off and
would have thanked hig stare to have gets his information from its very
« chance to use. It stands up on edge shape and color, usually without ref-

‘@ a blackboard, and in front of it] erence to any further notes. The card

 

 

 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

DISPATCHERS
MAP_ TAGS SHO
WHERE AND WHAT

TROUBLE Is,
NUMBERED
MARKERS,
REPAIR

naturally
others. Lf one is unduly slow, the fact
is discovered by his district foreman,
really an overseer, Whe makes vounds | busiest telephone area of its size on

 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
  

 
 

TROUBLE CLERKS, SEATED,
DISPATCHERS AT MAP. THE
FORMER KEEP TRACK OF

But this is about New York's tele- CLEARING, THE LATTER KEEP
phones and how they are doctored for TABS ON REPAIR MEN,

with 250,000 stations. A station is a |

branch and extension ‘phones and sub- |
|
ailing 'phone feels the worst; what its |
|
but couldn't himself understand |

That accidert does not put the instru- |

|
j
a new mouthpiece can be mailed to the ;
|
|

WIRE CHIEFS DESK, RELAY RACK, FUSE PANEL, AND DISTRIBUTING FRAME,

TROUBLE IN TELEPHONE CABLES IS LOCATED

trouble clerks,
keeping the

itself he refers

just where it is as to any of them, | whose functions are
men in touch with the despatchers and

bles (and these the worst, from the! keeping the cards marked with trouble |

with whom he has,
ne connection,
hetween the
» despatcher re-
hers of troubles

> des} atcher,

needs to have,
although the
under fifteen feet
| plles with the
for that repair min to attend to, ¢

 

now showing trouble
two is |and attended to, pass to the tabulat-
gs clerk, who transcrives from them

the data wanted for

his record sheets, |

, who puts them back in the
wanderings started
ir man in the course of his

Meanwhile
dreds of him
to the despatchers, is referred for a/his round
special test to the main distributing | rather resembles
paper reporter's,
ing upstairs in a minute or sv; mean- | man, who “covers”
| of the city and telephones in the
he gets for other men to write
the repair man
telephones his district's central oftice,
clerks, identified, the despatcher§ gets the | asks for the trouble clerk and is con-
nected with
He gives his name and num- |
ber (q numbered pin represents
on the map) and the address he is call-

troubles to he
numbered pin

ne from the
which now ge

repair man's | files whence their

es into the

in the district on

man is next to call,
in turn gives the
assignments,
n | initials on the filling ecards and replaces

rhe trouble
rman the new li
the tester for
repair man is working,

meaning the
a specified section

man's test”

something
is connected with
commanding

Jobs cleared up, {wants to report,

makes corre-

of repair jobs

notifies the pair man can get through in a work-

‘yr, Who then takes

the map, and replaces them with fresh
assignments,

nature of the jobs, but somewhat on |

The trouble the repair man himself, some of them

clerk tells these things

 

reauired and where lesse* ones would
do, the scale of the width was sub-
jected to distortions, with intermediate
regions skewed to fit in—and all so
ingeniously that the whole thing in
its own tipsy fashion comes together,
und looks as if Father Knickerbocker's
toe had been run through a wash-
woman's wringer.

To reduce eye strain, the body was
painted light green, the backing light
olive green and vtreet lines, names
and numbers were painted on with
black. Other colors needed were
chosen to blend. As for the tags, a
round red one means a line altogether

. out of service; a yellow one, trouble
that affects but does not break off ser-
vice; a pink one of rectangular shape,
long distance loop trouble; a white
one, trouble not affecting service.

Troubles on Government lines, Fire
Department and police lines are spe-
clally indicated on the map; and, by
the way, at Government offices, hotels
with many extensions, great depart-
ment stores and police and fire head-
quarters there is always a repair man
on duty.

You think at times in your unlucky
or pessimistic moments as a telephone
user that “Trouble” is pretty numer-
ous in the service. Do you remember
the number of lines and phones in-
cluded in this southern” district?
Against that set the number of red
tags-—lines out of service—that
spotted the map the morning the

   

'

 
 

REAL TROUBLE
IN SOUTHERN

MANHATTAN
EXCEPT IN

CABLES’
2

       
     
 
    
      
  
 

 

       
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

 
    

       

being quicker workers than|/ writer had a iook around 24 Walker |

 

| five out of 250,000 telephones, in the

of the repair omen and cheeks up) our busy and sometimes vexatious lit-
their results tle planet!

Central Offiee subseriber line trous}| Now in the trouble cases that elude
ble i indjed thr the tester by | the test man's skill help is besought

 

of the wire chief's provinces, which is
upstairs, on the twenty-umpth floor

impression this big room makes on
the visitor is that of a bleak Congres-
sional library, its stacks full of incan-
descent bulbs or tiny, neat brass but-
tons instead of books. The stacks,
which are the frames, rise to the ceil-

: fact.

thing that used to go with phono-

showing in its sombre throat a little
round yellow eye of intermittent lu-
minosity. To the inexperienced visitor
the horns make the place as weird as
the House of Suddhoo, albeit this de-
vice is nearjy as old as the telephone
itself.

thirty feet if you wish from the near-
lights to attract your ailention andt
signify that down on floor eight a
test man is ready for speech with you,
you address him, not raising your
voice. The horn replies. That is, the

perfectly distinct, is odd and husky
and blaring and inhuman.

There you stand, feeling the creeps
of a broad daylight spiritualist se ,
without the consolations of ho
pocus and mysticism, and trying to
look unconcerned and chat like a nat-
ural, rational being When You ean

    

|; goodby and his orb is quenched
|

| How Cable Troable Is Found,
| They call the thing the loud speaker
(Up at the Metropolitan Opera House
Mr. Gatti has a copy of it in his pr
vate office by which he hears, fresh
'from the stage, every tone of the
;Opera, Its use at 24 Walker street
,;of course, is to have the wire man in
ispeaking touch with the test man
downstairs, and yet save him climb-
ing down his ladder every few minutes
to an ordinary phone

   

the inside man reports to the tester, mote from the central bureau, the re-
who records the case on it, und the pair man can always be sent straight

card goes direct to the tabulator and}to the manhole nearest the spot that
| from him to the file } needs him.

Of all this mechanism, clerical and Have you ever seen a sample cut

{electramechanical, | ea'sils the most of one of these telephone cables?

spectacular piece is the map It iS Kach of {ts many fine strands of wire
painted on composition board, backed (aq pair, of course, for every clreuit)
with heavy white pine. The necessary ,is swathed in tinte! tissue paper sp!

| distortions of scale were mide on the! rally twisted on Hke an old fashloned
the district in which the |

the inch; the genuine article was the repair men to distinguish the dif-

}too narrow for four despatchers, and! ferent circuits

too wide for them to reach the top! In the New York Telephone build-

|without step-ladders lin &, 15 Dey street. they have an amuz-

 

street. There were forty-five; forty- |

among the distributing frames. The!

ing; the testers up here work on trav. |
‘lit ers—live ¢ the ladders, in! :
elling laadere—live: on Bale fire, and everyvihing that would melt

se re tf fers of;
mAnming between. % aud : fand trouble was really trouble for a
frames are here and there a morning | 5 ;
; seas
‘glory horn, a smaller edition of the | 5450.

graphs, but painted abysmal black and |

You take your position anywhere, |

est morning glory; the yellow eye,

 

(ing split and every

‘endure no more of it the Cyclops says|

   

7

 

ur Telephone Line Clear

around him. The whole thing was
made of the contents of the cable's
leaden sheath.

By no means always is trouble spot-
ting simple, routine work. Sometimes
the Central Bureau's ingenuity is
tested even as the lines. They tell
you of one mystery case which turned
up during cold weather in a produce
market. The telephone was in service
by days, and went out of business at
night. No one had use for it then,
but the fact of a dead line reported
itself automatically.

Observation instruments were baf-
fled. The owners of the premises
knew of no explanation. Finally it
was discovered that the telephone
wire was broken, inside its insulation,
under a staple which held it near the
floor.

Not far away was a stove, in which
a roaring hot fire was started every
morning when the market opened.
The heat, expanding the wire, brought
the ends at the break together. At
night when the place cooled off they
pulled apart.

Another — case, detected as a
grounded circuit, came down toa
baby playing on the floor alone tn
the room where the telephone was.
Baby had found the insulated wire
and was chewing It. The moisture
had done the business.

Doctor Thought It Magic,

The third case the writer heard
about happened to be in the apart-
ment of a doctor, who had his of-
fice there. He reported intermittent
trouble. Now his phone worked, now
it didn't, seemingly without rhyme or
reason. He was much annoyed. At
length special instruments were put
on the circuit, but still without solv-
ing the problem.

As water, grounding circuits, is a
common cause of trouble the tele-
phone testers decided to eliminate that
possibility, and a repair man was sent
to look over the premises. The man
tried the back, or service stairway of
the apartment building, and speedily
discovered a ceiling leak and the
plaster down in the apartment over
the doctor's, When he reported, the cen-
tral bureau suggested that the doctor
have a hunt for water running amuck.

|The doctor scouted the notion, but

hunted, and found that a flooded bath-
tub was doing damage. He is now
convinced that the telephone com-
peny employs a corps of magicians.
The bathtub, though, as it happened,
wasn't the culprit. A wire break, hid-
den by the insulation, wus at last lo-

| cated on the outside of the building,

where the opening of a shutter put
strain on the wire and forced the ends
apart. When the shutter was closed,

} they met, apd the doctor could hear
| his patients ask him what to take for

a dull, burning pain in the spondular
region,
Not only the twenty southern cen-

| tral office districts, but the Jersey toll
| board also, are handled by the South-

ern Central Testing WKureau. Really

{serious telephone trouble on a large

scale, the telephone company offi-
cers say—and knock on wood as they
'say it--is very rare. Nothing short of
a “conflagration” can worry them;
“conflagration” is quoted here hecause
in telephone circles the word has a
meaning of its own, and apples to ac-
eidents, usually fires, which put whole
cable systems out of business

This happened once at Longacre
Square during the subway diggings
A blithesome spirit with a crowbar
get through the pavement, struck
something hard, smashed into cables
irrying a tremendous lead of electric-
itv, and —kept on smashing Poetic
justice would have the current knock
him galleywest, but that wasn't what
happened, Instead, everything inflam-
mable underground at that point took

 

 

was fused by the intense electric heat,

When a Ship Made Mischicf.

Then there was the time when the
pilot of a ship in the East River
thought to show his skill and finesse
by bringing the ship to dock himself.
The currents took and played with her
and to hold her they finally dropped
anchor, the anchor dragging along un-
til it fouled the main telephone cable
between New York and Brooklyn,
which it kinked till the lead sheath-

‘ircult: promptly

    

died of dampness
Within ten minutes the wires
hummed with trouble like a swarm of

i bees, und the only thing to do was to
test man replies: but the voice, while |

hurry a big ad. into every news-

| paper explaining and asking the pub-

lic to be patient But that happened
several years ago, and before the cre-

tation of the Central Testing Bureau.

At this moment a sunken Govern
ment barge lies on bottom, off New
York, equarely upon an important
sunken cable, and the
are wondering how soon it will settle

 

telephone peoj

 

 

sufficiently to paralyze the service the
cable involves. The barge sank while
the nation was at war. The telephone
company Knew where nd tried
to obtain a priority lave it
raised in time They wait-

     

ing for the order, or ut least for the
barge to be raised.

The chief advantage in the centrali
zation of testing here described ts the
gain in accuracy, efficiency and con
venience. Under the former method
each Central Office had its own test
ers, who had to do not only their

 

 

|

| Exactly how the wire men test the} pr per expert work, but a good deal of

}cables, the writer does not pretend to} cle rival and even errand boy work he
j}be able to explain. If he could, he|sides. As things are now ley are

would be an electrical engineer and | relieved of everything but the tests

even then the explanation would not!and the progress of every test at
! ox nvey much, probably, to most read- | piece of repair Work is checked at each

HERE era of this article. The problems stite ! stage

Sd {themselves like algelira;: given three! ‘The results are thus economical (the
|known quantities, find X How won- highly skilled and highpaid force being

;derfully X is found will be under-}reduced) and in every way more satis
»}an inside man in the Central Offtee | stood from the fact that in a ease of | factory The records of the work keep
involved. After clearing the trouble | cable trouble, no matter how far re- Ip to the minute almost automaticalty

by considerable

 

Subscribers are gainers
{improvement in safeguards of the ser-

| vice
Should anything hapner however,

to the mechanism at 04 Walker street
the cards and other essential para

phernatia could be instantly sorted and

fhurried, in cases kept on hand against
lemergency, to the several central] offices
; ; where the old syst
basis of a map showing 600 feet to’ pipe lighting spill The colors help!

m would be put in
practice until this trouble of troubles
had been cleared

Tha southern” centralized testing

 

 

;Durenu, as it is called, was the first of
}its kind But the telepho company

The length was doubled by doubling | ing specimen of skrimshander, us sail- | liked it so well that a ge Saad one is

the scale for north and south dimen- ors call such things; a cut of cable

jnow in operation for Manhattan from

sions. Making Fourth avenue the!frazzled and artificed into a patriotle 'Thirty-fourth to 110th street, and a

centre line, and plotting district by | ornament, a sort of parti-colored foun- |

mine where ample dimensions were|flags of the allied nations grouped

hird, to include the remainder of the

district on temporary maps to deter-j tain, with an American eagle atop andtisland with the Bronx and West-
chester, is contemplated,