6

 

 

 

David Belasco
Frank to Say
He Likes the
Play Better
After Produc-
ing It Than
He Did at
First Reading,
a Rather Un-
usual Experi-
ence

By DAVID BELASCO.
et I] F you were writing a criticism

 

of ‘Tiger! Tiger!’ what would
you say?”

Across the hullabaloo of interesting
criticism of my production of Capt.
Edward Knoblock’s new play, now in
its third month in the Belasco Theatre,

this pointed question comes to me
from the dramatic critic of the New
York SUN.

To ask a.manager. to write a criti-
cism of a play which he himself is
presenting might seem to the casual
thinker a futile thing to do, for the
natural expectation would be that he
could not give an unprejidiced opin-
ion. But when it is remembered that
he was, after all, the very first critic
of the play which he offered the public
and upon which his success depends

it will be seen that his analysis must |

be most thorough and merciless. He
has too much at stake for it to be
otherwise.

But even after the most careful |
analysis the impression of a play may |
change entirely when the piece is pro-
duced. In the case of “Tiger! Tiger!"
iny opinion has not varied. My con-
ception of it after its presentation to
an audience was exactly my concep-
tion of it when I read the manuscript
forthe first time. Soin answering the
question, “What yould you say if you
were writing a criticism of ‘Tiger!
Tiger!""? I can do no better than to
state the opinion I formed when read-
ing it.

Came From the War Zone.

The manuscript of “Tiger! Tiger'”
was sent to me by Capt. Knoblock last
summer while he was in active service
in the war zone. I was about to pro-
duce a fantastic drama in which Miss
Frances Starr was to open her season
in New York, but when I read the
manuscript of “Tiger! Tiger!" I de-
cided to lay aside the fantastic drama

until a later date and to put on the |

Knoblock play at once,

@ did this because I found in “Tiger! |

Tiger!" elements which I believe will

bring it ultimately into a permaner.t |
place among the classics of dramatic!
literature, I have no hesitancy in pre- |
dicting that I shall live to see my,

prophecy fulfilled—that I shall revive
this piece in my own theatre. 1
formed this opinion not merely because
of the literary quality of Mr. Knob-
loack's work--although this impressed |
me me at | the time—but rather because of

 

 

Twenty

INFIELD SCOTT POTTER, |
inventor and metallurgist,

had an idea and clung to it
‘or twenty years. He became so ab-
sorbed in it that he neglected his
meals. He would disappear for iong
periods, and when found by his friends
ould be at work over the furnace |
where he conducted his experiments. |
They would lead him away, compel |
m to take food, bathe, shave and
sleep, and then, after a time, he would
disappear again.
Mr. Potter’s idea was that he could
make a tougher grade of steel than

he United States Steel Corporation |
or any other manufacturer in the
eld. The fact that chemists backed
vast wealth bad been working to-
ward the same end for years and had
failed did not discourage him. He)
continued his experiments and finally
succeeded,

A $6,000,000 corporation, backed by
men closely associated with the
United States Steel Corporation, was
organized to market his patent. It

ind purchasers, not alone in the
lnited States but other countries.

Amplifying his activities, he built a
factory near Pittsburg on a site cover-
ing fourteen acres. His income began
to increase by leaps and bounds, and
4 vista of almost bewildering possi-
hilities had opened before him, when
death suddenly ended his career,

The steel made under the process
invented by him was used exclusively
for the helmets worn by our soldiers
nthe war. Millions of persons travel-
ing in the subways and on the ele-
vated lines of New York and over
steam railroads owe at least a meas-
ure of their safety to him. Yet when
he died a few days ago, the occurrence
was virtually unnoticed by the public.

Not only was it not known generally
that such an invention as his was in
1186 but few of the millions benefiting
by it even had heard.that such a man
existed. Stee] makers and scientists
the world over knew his name, but not
the public,

Steel Makers Leng Pussied.

His friends and relatives in telling
his story generally digress at this point
to say something about the man him-
self. Mr, Potter, so it appears, vas not
of the long haired, eccentric type of
inventor. On the ¢ontfary, he was
rather of a virile and double fisted sort.

 

 

 

}

   

 

Hh
a7: ene

tne throbbing realism and numanity of
; the story.

jthere has been no more absorbing
theme—either in the theatre or out of
jat—than that of sex aitraction. As I
ideas are compiemental, tl! one ine
icomplete without the other; the union
of the two forming the perfect whole

   

 

Years

 

{four vers course in three years he
| was an instructor for atime in metal-
}lurgy, he had tried his hand at pro-

| 8pecting and timber cutting in Minne- |

sota, and his frie delight to tell of;

{the fight he had one night with wolves
;and of the hardships he endured. In
| addition to his abilities as an inventor
jhe had, his frien Is say, an extraordi-
'nary gift of narrative, and when in re-

ds

 

 

j

 

sw

a

      

stand why the great drama of the

|; world has been sex drama; why the
Since the drama of Adam and Eve}
was enacted in the Garden of Eden |

greatest poems have been inspired by
sex passion; why the most beautiful
music has been builded upon this
theme. The living literature of the

, World is based upon the love of mar
,8ee the matter, the male and female}

and woman for each other.
In the field of modern drama the
most potent examples of the sex play

of which I can think are “The Second) voluntary ’
With | this in mind, it is easy to undere Mrs. _Tanqueray, " “The Kasiest Way”'The writer ‘ds seri!

 

 

 

‘Manganese Steel Maker Give Unusual E iW mnlé of Baraisianak That Binushile president, J. D. Gallagher as vice"
Rich Reward and Gained _Admiration of Hosts of Friends

put up a furnace elsewhere, he built

pne in ihe cellar of the St. George Ho-

tel in Brooklyn, and there are guests
{there who still remember the smoke
| from it that sudden} y burst upon them,

{cent years he travelled in Egypt and | Hie chose the cellar of the St. George

other foreign la
Laue a fund of

always returned

 

It Was this gift for interesting peo-

| fected his invention, to find financial
backing for il and that led to his 1

|coming a director in the Manganese | },

Steel Rail Company of New York and
|president of the Alloy Steel Forging |
| Company of Carnegie. Pa.
| The story of his invention is this:

lan alloy known as manganese steel. |

This steel differed from other steel in
that it could not be rolled. It was more
{Gurable than ordinary carbon or cast
| steel and an ideal metal out of which
to make rails for railroads. But noth-
ing could be done with it commercially.

Chemists, scientists and metallur-

 

gists the world over, recognizing its |

enormous value once it could be placed
on the market, experimented with it
| mienout success, Sir Robert Hadfield

ing metallurgists, made more progress

than the others, but could not quite}

reach the goal.

Manganese steel refused to permit
itself to be shaped into rails or any
other commercial commodity. Rolls
into which it was introduced were
broken, thereby causing heavy losses
to their owners, and scientists, encqun-
tering discouragement after discour-
agement, almost gave up hope of do-
ing anything with it.

Experimented in Hotel Cellar.

It was to this problem that Mr. Pot-
ter devoted himself. His father, Mark
L. Potter, a retired sea captain and
owner of ore lands in Alabama which
brought him more than $1,000,000, had
little faith in his son's undertaking,
and would not encourage him in it by
advancing him the money with which
to carry on experiments. So young
Potter, who was not to be diverted, set
about to earn the money he required.
There are a great many men in Man-
hattan, Brooklyn and New Jersey who
have vivid recollections of his early
struggles.

Not having the means with which to

anecdotes which were |
thoroughly appreciated by his hearers. |

 

Hotel because he and Major John W.
Tumbridge, son of the owner, had been

classmates at the Brooklyn Polytechnic

Institute and classmates and room-!
ple that helped him, after he had per-! mates at I

tensselaer,

It was not much of a furnace, that |
be-' first smail affair of brick and mortar,
rut young Potter, when not out earn- !

ing his rent, could hardly be separated
from it.
“They used to call Potter my fight-

: : |ing partner at Rensselaer,” said Major
For years there had been In existence | -pympridge in telling about this period

of the inventor's life. “We had the

|gsame rooms at the institute for three
years until he graduated in 1890, and
[ thought 1 knew him, but I must say
his devotion to thut furnace, and to the

Jone he put up afterward in Hamilton

avenue astonished me.

*“T have never Known a case in
which the ability of persistence to win
out was more remarkably demon-

|}strated. The man would not eat or

j sleep for days. We'd in search of |
of BheMeld. England, one of the leads ieee eee oe Bo An BABE

im, and when we found him he'd ask

us what day of the week it was. He);

would not know, apparently, how long
he had been without food, or when he

{had last been in bed, ‘

“No man without his giant frame
and extraordinary tenacity could have
stood it."

Bayard 1.. Peck, lawyer and director
in the Manganese Steel Rail Com-
pany; Jom C. Pennie, patent lawyer
of New York, Joseph D. Gallagher,
an official in the American Brake
8" oe and Foundry Company; A. Aigel-
tinger, president of the Manganese
Steel Rail Company, and Frederick
W. Snow, a director in corporations
engaged in producing or marketing
steel, are some of the others who re-
member Potter's early struggles.

The Secret Discovered.

From Hamilton avenue, Brooklyn,
Potter transferred his activities to
New Jersey. This was in 1906 or
1907. By going to work in foundries
he was able to earn the money he
needed for his expenses, and at the
same time be where he could go on
with his experiments.

Ultimately he obtained employment

_SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2,

 

 

 

   

'Second Mrs.
; Much upon the long arm
pinion that “Tig

, be experienced by an
eavesdropper watching, through a key
» passages in the lives
of two people.”

is a brilliant
a man who has

world can
never known an
awakening of his bored, untouched, un-
suspecting

Kusiest Way" | member of Parliament,
With nity
This was my
| alysis when 1 rend the manuscript my

   

 

 

 

 

r sensation ii!

 

 

Devotion to cal Idea —

After leaving Rensselaer Polyteah- }
| nic Instiiute, where after completing a |

 

in the Ne W

fet of rolling manganese

WINFIELD |

 

 

 

   

he it wha an Fe
ro ant terre tadinne

(Caption as written by Mr. Belasco.)

 

 

jresult is os itab the. spece|I know but this: that far beyond the
tator soon Me) 5  Rectching 4 strife
play, and sees the two lives lived be- | Of Mortal passion looms another life,
fore him to their fullest capacity. bei” Saas might fades evermore
To quote again from the letter: Before the freedom of an undreamt day.
Miss Starr, in her unfolding of the; There shall we meet again; no earth-
story of Sally, ceases to be merely a born lie
great actress playing a great role, and} To set the union of our souls awry,
| becomes a woman revealing the depths There ehall the true dn us flame on as
| of a woman's heart.” i Nar
This woman's gocial position is as| Eternally in Love's immortal Sun.
far removed from that of her cultured} The eternal beauty of their love is
lover’s as the North Pole from the| to her unaltered by elther time or cir-
South. She is the daughter of an Eng-! Cumstance, although she has long
lish farmer, reflecting in the simplicity | Since yielded herself in marriage to a
of her nature the broad free spaces of | Man of her own class. The end of the
the open fields. Her influence in the temporal experience is death for Clive
|

| life of the famous M. P. is akin to that | Couper and heartbreak for Sally; but |

|of a country garden, with its quaint; beyond the tragic Now there is the|

vw

a

 

“Throbbing
Realism: and
Humanity of
the Story”
Overshadows
Even, Liter-

ary Quality,
.He Says, and

‘AdverseCom-
ment Does
Not Disturb

ee

While this was the effect upon the

man, the giil-was not without benetit
through the relationship. She was tov
tnherently decent, ‘independent and
self-respecting ta accept money for
the love she gave, She tovk nothing of
the slightest intrinsic value. Her as-
| Sociation with him broadened her in
every direction. Her, appreciation of
| the beautiful grew through her con-
tact with a man of splendid education
and refinement. Her knowledge of the’
world increased. Her own tastes be-
came more refined through his com-
pantonship.

How They Were Transformed.

Leaving behind her the sordidness
of her duties as a cook in another
woman's home, Clive Coupers per
fectly appointed rooms were like a
brighter world to Sally. There she
unfolded the full beauty of her wom-
anhood. <All this made itself manfest
in the growing prettiness and retine-
ment of her ways, of her very cloth-
ing, while the benefit of the associu-
tion to the man was revealed in his
rise to fame in Parliament where, be-
fore he knew Sully, he was but.a
mediocre figure,

Had there been less of mutual bene-

 

 

charm and variety of moods. His in-| eternal Beyond, and as my audiences) gt to this man and this woman who

| fluence in her life never in any way} { leave the theatre at the end of the play

warps her sense of right and justice; | I am positive that it is with a distinct

never blinds her to the truth of the| sense that Dawn is already breaking

situation. |for the Tristan and Isolde of “Tiger!

The member of Parliament dreams{ Tiger!”

his man's dream of protecting this girl, Firet Idea Remains.

who has drifted into his life on the This was my criticism of Capt.

wings of the moonlight. He wants to| Knoblock’s play when first I read it.

make her comfortable, improve her en-| This remains my idea of it. This, in
ee lift her above her station | substance, is the thought expressed to
|

and her menial work-—in return for|{ me in varying terms by hundreds of

the inspiration and happiness her com- | those who have taken time and trouble

panionship has brought into his hith-| to write to me of their pleasure in the

erto monotonous existence, play. Because of this gratifying ex-

Woman Knows the Outcome. real message of “Tiger! Tiger!” I am

But Saliy wants nothing—asks noth- Pally y persuaded that to those who find

clear eae | ing for the all of her she has given. in this love story anything to offend |
ere he icokad

She knows that Convention stands} their modesty the cause for such of-
with the flaming sword, ready to drive! fence exists in their own conscious-

nj her from her Garden of Eden. She! ness alone.

knows that they have no future and!) From the time Clive Couper's meet
makes no plans, But in spite of the in-/ing with Sally in the Public Square

evitable shoals ahead the lover is still her influence in his life was altogether |

| Tristan--she forever Tsolde—and the good. Clothed in mystery, she repre-

rosses his| charm of the play—its greatest mo-| sents to him eternal romance. Joyous,

|
| ment—lies in the fact that the sever-| quaint, refreshing in ideas so different

‘ance of their relationship does not al- from his own, she furnished him his]

ter this. relaxation from the arduous duties of
When, during the war, he has passed! Parliament in war time; gave him in-

To} on to the next va Saliy sits deso- | centive to work; inspired him through

late in his dismantled rooms reading | her love, and remained loyal to him

ot matter. at tes) his last words- . “written for her: in her every thought.

 

 

 

 

 

990,000, with W. G. Pearee as chair-
ove of the board, A. Aigeltinger as

preside: at R. J. Davidson as secretary
ae treasurer atd FE, W. Van Houten
}A@S assistant secretary and treasurer.

ey he Oflices of the company were estab-
He found that by heating manganese | ished at 30 Church street, where are

 

of | steel to a certain temperature {t could 4/80 the ofhees of the American Brake
kn wie dge of | be passed through the rolls and worked Shoe and Foundry Company, and the

into rails and other shapes, and he Illinois Steel Company agreed to maiu-
proved it in a series of demonstrations facture the steel for it under the Pott
| witnessed by Mr Gallagher and others | Process
| interested in the American Hrake Shoe Manganese Steels Udes,
jand Foundry Company, The process
| was not as simple as it sounds, how-
lever, as was learned by the heads of
one mill in South Chicago, who de-
|stroyed valuable equipment because pany. The rails were Inid on curve
| they took it for granted that they) supnjoot al str id at
| could carry on the Potter process with: | switches where the danger ‘of accident
eee prety ie snarough instruc) due to breakigg was great. The man-
Oo rom ] iventor, | aware , ; . AP
| Mr, Potter and his backers took over eee pe payee out + ee es
fan old foundry at Paterson and con- a th of the Veiainakaiien The ik
| ducted eens) Se rornan sag to the Ne wv York Central, the antayie
| prove the value of his invention, ney ani Fie lo} “alle We
of the Braeburn Steel Company in| yeojonts were made by
| Pennsylvania, and at the works at are: tae a ; f th
Mahwah, J» Which became the|D0rations on the durabillty mk ae
nucleus of the Manganese Steel Mail Potter anvention and uu ae a WD
Compas. that a manganese steel rail would out-
One of the demonstrations at Mah-| Ve?! Seven ordinary carbon steel rails,
wah, which was attended vy steel His invention having been shown to
manufacturers, as well #s railroad en- nO 8.8 ac eeae Mr. Easter é reaneee Hi
gineers from many parts of the coun- Alloy wine Forging ‘ OMPANY, for $ho
try, consisted of repeatedly dropping making of steel shapes not assigned in
a huge ingot, weighing many tons, on|
a bar of manganese steel laid across |
supports raised well off the ground;
but the metal was scarcely dented a Pheer ek eed ’ ,
Many public tests also were carried |” British Government when the fac-
out to show the method of heating the) Ty Was taken over by the Un a 4
steel. The metal, it was shown, re-| States Government soon after

  

Manxanese Steel Rall Compuny
orporated on June 19, 1911, and
one of the first to buy its product was

Was ine

{> wunus

      

 

 

these cor-

   

tail Company. His personal tinveast-
ment }

 

 

The Manganese Stcel Rall Company | death of the wearer.

cn EEEtnE EEE

 

the Interborough Rapid Transit Coin-!

the patents to the Manganese Stee! |

n the new plant was close to
$500,000, and he was making guns for

dous capacity for concentration and|was the thin metal perforated, and
work again carried him through, neither bullet would have caused the} shelle yathered

was organized with a capital stock of | Before adopting the Potter process

dominate the story of “Tiger! Tiger!”
the bond between them could never
have been dignified by the name of
love. That it was not u cheap, tawdry
liaison was demonstrated in the sequel
—the very best epilogue | have ever
read.

Separated, Sally and Couper be-
longed none the less to each other,
even though the inexorable nature of
circumstances—the flaming sword of
Convention—had driven them apart.
Sally’s heart was none the less. his
after a marriage in her own class than

pression of an understanding of the | it had been before, and Couper crossed

j the ¢ treat Divide with the names of
jthe litde London cook or s lips

I consider the simple love s
this play as great as Romeo's |

 

 

 

| Juliet: as great us the greatest pas-
}eion ever recorded by faet or fiction.
| As a sex drama, [ helieve there h
j heen none to approach it in its fait}
fulness to nature, it depiction of

ltruth, adherence to logic or
\lation of a woman's heart the
|charm of its romance and its sudden
rise tO a great height.

If I were writing a criticism
“Tiger! Tiger!” this is what I would
say, because it sums up my opinion
of it not only after I read it but
since the curtain has

 

 

 

 

 

Marked W. S. Potter’s Life

for its helmets the Government ex-
amined the motuls used by Great brit
ain and France, but after many tests
decided on the mansanese steel. Leve
helmet worn by the soldiers of the
.| United States in the ng Vas made
lof manganese sti

lice Was signed
considering the u:
in the manufacture of body armor fov
the men, and for certain parts for air-

 

t e arnys
the Government was

r, planes
i!

Tha taking over of his plant tem-
porarily robbed M otter of emplo
ment, and he chufed au is, preter
activity to the profits assure him
by the Government ite tl wis
informed that his factory would be res
Btored to him i: fiat ext, and }
*) hurric i to Pittsburg to mal,
j tions for taking po

  
 

Since he had heiped ' wit the
Manganese Steel Wi Company
had taken out a lars miunber of
patents, which he jad ver assinne
ito the New York corpora
!was makir } pl t
ij keting these wher ecame i
| Pittsburg Hie w removed to t
Western Pennsylvanin Hospital an
died there on Janus 3 Jast

Mr. Jotte vid orn in bro

fifty-two year RO In 1907 7 i
ried Mary &. Butler of Li hy wi
fwith two childrer Mist Th |
{years old, and Wintie “

Jr., 11 mont! old, sury
body was broug to Lito)
| burted in Green-Wood Cs

 

eras of Buttons
Dates to Elizabeth

tained its capricious nature until just ee try entered the war. "| ,HE J ( vor
the right temperature was reached; %eantime the rail making ie oF to 4 tt ittonho
and the least variation either above or, Paar Allen & Co, of SheMeld, Eng- "
below the point required destroyed its land, had bought rights cae the | regarded a ny : ‘ 1
value, It would at once revert to its| Potter rail patents, as had mannfac-} much to rey thor cres I
former brittle state, and either break | turers of other countries, The Witko- | origina! vatte va
up itself or smash the rolls. |witz Company of Austria and the) of needlewor i Wits

“It became necessary at first for my | ipps of Germany negotiated for the | taved 4 by use of a wooden mould, 1
husband to be at the works constantly new material’ before the war. i brass button i» said » have bee
while the heating process was going With the entrance of the United! introduced | il ning m merchant
on,” said Mrs. Potter the other day. | States into the war the demand for the] in 1659. It tunk 200 sears to improv
“He would remain there, hour after, Potter steel became very great, espe-}on the methoa o! , the cloth
hour, and sometimes day after day, so) cially when {ts value was discovered] upon the covered i Then an
that when he started for home he for the making of helmets. There {s|ingenious Dan: t upon the idea of
would stagger from exhaustion and/in the office of Mr. Gallagher the first | makin the button in two parts and
people would think he had been drink-| helmet made for the Government of | clamping them together with the cloth
ing.” this material with two dents in the} between

But Mr. Potter, as he had already crown, These were caused by two bul- The most importer '
shown, was not a man to yield tojlets fired from a .38 caiibre Colt at a} button industry in tt Vinited sta
physical exhaustion and his tremen-| distance of ten feet In neither case|is the making of pearl butt 3 2

 

material for h ! aot n {r ’
ung Mi pt
River. The Industey he frown up

within the lass tweoly years,

   

 

SSR Sane Aes =

Fae tg OSs

 

cram

a

eed

 

 

5

* ame