m355!

 

     
  
     

.

10

 

 

 

 

Over One, Washington Said
Farewell; In Another Gari-

baldi Talk

ed Liberty

 

By JOHN W. HARRINGTON.

| to be the largest mirror in the United

| States, Ca¥ved owls blinked down

to be with things that were. | officiated a wonderful mixer of drinks

Bie: 8 sawdust trail is soon | upon its patrons, and back of the bar

The paintings of national bank
notes which adorn the walls of Stew-
art's quenchery are going on the block
of the auctioneer. Already the sirocco
of prohibition is withering the oascs.

One cannot dismiss the old New
York saloon in a single clove scented
breath. The memory of many will re-
main. The great ones of the earth
have hooked their heels on the brass

rails of these old taverns which are |

passing; the fates of nations have
been weighed around their dingy ta-
bles.

 

swinging a stream of juleps two feet
long or pretty nearly.

Srosnan’s, however, has always held

to life's verities. It encouraged a man
to take his whiskey straight. The best
brands which the world could produce
went over its oaken bar. Bottles hung
with cobwebs still stand on its shelves,
though their ranks grow thin as the
| fatal hour draws nigh. The old ale
pumps, bright like those of venerable
English inns, shine benevolently out of
the dim background. They have been
there ever since the name of Brosnan
|} went up over the door.

The history of the American stage of
two generations ago passes in review

Are there not saloons which are re- lin rows of playbilis, recalling the great
positories of literature and art—and | actors of the romantic drama, and the

others that had stuffed birds before
ever we had a museum of natural his-
tory?

a memorial to house its pictures and
statues and historical documents. But

as matters stand these valuable col- | gladiutors of

lections are being cast adrift on the
cold water, eventually
way into some back eddy or other,
there to be seen no more.

These taverns of old New York, s0
soon to be perverted to the selling of
mere food or soda water, are well in-
dented in the city map. Hardly had
the good Dutch burghers built their
palisade against the Indians when they
opened a saloon. It used to stand
down at 1 Broadway, where there isan
office building full with those of this
about to be ginless generation. There,
tradition has it, the first cocktail in the
United States was Compounded, and
men of the New World first took baad
ease in their inn.

All lower New York bears footprints |
of time in these old houses, where |
mighty draughts of schnapps were |
once poured down. |

History? John Brosnan’s, in Fulton |
street, is covered with it! The ambi-
tion of the National Park Bank to
spread eastward was responsible for
the decision that Brosnan's was to go.

When it goes the site probably will
never be marked by a tablet of bronze
like this:

“Here Garibaldi planned the libera-
dion of Italy.”

And yet he may have. He spent
many a year within what is now
Greater New York. He made his liv-
ing as a chandler and soap boiler, and
down on Staten Island, near Rosebank,
is his cottage, and in the yard, on its
hase of brick, is one of the kettles he
used. He and his compatriots in exile
took many a trip to lower Manhattan
fn those days and met other friends of |
liberty in the Httle back room of Lo- |
renzo Ventura’s wine shop. It ros: |

 

about this time, 1850, that John Bros-
nan took over the place, but with rare
delicacy permitted the sign of the for- |
mer proprietor to remain, and so it has
remained unto this day. |

The room where Garibaldi assembled |
his junta is just as it was in his day. }
In the middle of it is a ponderous table
with massive curlycue legs and topped
with an octagonal slab of red marble.
The favored visitor to Brosnan’s may
have a look at Garibaldi’s Table or sit
in one of the chairs in which he sat at
the head of his council. Light slants
from a single window to find the ma-
hogany bookcase nailed against the
wall and bursting with yellowed docu- |
ments and newspapers. When the door
of this haven is closed no sound of any
talk within can reach the outside
wewiid. Nowadays the room houses the
telepjone.

Broegan’s is a saloon of the plain old
type. Was it was started there were
two extremes in the decoration of hos-
telries. One was represented by ‘the
famous Gem Saloon, a picture of whose
gaudy interior is so broadmindedly
hung on the Brosnan wall. The Gem
had a tesselated floor of varicolored |
marbles. It had what was then said

 

 

Crippled Soldiers Being

’

Continued From Eighth Page.

 

schools for soldiers on the use of trac-|family income, and give greater in-| pass before the effect of the training

tors. The mastery of the engines of |
these appliances is easy enough after |
one has learned the anatomy of the |

automobile. at Lawrenceville is likely to be fol-|for months to come, despite the sligitt} tered out when the struggle between | Museum Bar, so called because a few}]may be no more ale with cakes that

The use of electrical machinery and | lowed in other parts of the country.|declines in food costs which are | the North and South had ceased, A | days ago it was hung with stuffed alli- the historic aNonahOUnEe wil aknipe {
appliances for farmhouse and stable) Ii is especially helpful to the young | noticed. }eountry cried aloud for development | gators and lizarcs, bulbous bloly fish | Truc, a mug of cider is not a flagon,
lighting have an especial appeal! to the ; men who came from the rural dis- After every great war the suldier|and he heard jts call. He now hears!and unsociable porcupines. It had old |and Rolfe's. the one bar in town nant

soldier student. In many Western)
States where stream and waterfall may |

be harnessed to the plough and the) getting on

threshing machine the electric current
is bound to be more and more a factor
in agriculture. The time may come
when with the aid of the turbine a
farmer may make electric current from
the brook that rushes through his own
meadows or woods.

As many farmers in the ‘broad
reaches of the West are employing the
electric current to saw wood, to churn
and to be the chief hired man about
the place, it is natural that the would
be scientiffe farmers at Lawrenceville

of this new power. When the Gov-
ernment develops the great forces of
the rivers and streams and distributes
them so that users of current both
large and small, may have what they
need, the value of a working knowl-
edge of electricity
tu the farmer,

Owing to the fact that only a part
of the men at Lawrenceville have re-
covered, there are not many who can
give the whole day to work or study.
Some have only enough strength for
two hours’ work a day; others can
stand half a day. The school, there-
fore, considers each branch, of course,
asa unit. The student who becomes
proficient in any one of them gets a
credit slip which puts him on the pre-
ferred list for employment. There are
special marks for such courses as
operating of farms, managing a dairy
herd, er ralaine noultry and hogs, or
preparing ensilage.

Some men isiay wish to continue
their old trades in the city, but may
find that on account of their injuries
they must have a certain amount of
out of door life, For such as these,

will mean much

to find their |

should be eager to master the = of the motion of his fingers owing
|

{names of the Bowery Theatre, of the

| Theatre Comique, of all that long line
Were the saloon in better odor /of playhouses which years ago went
with the nation some one might build |

under in the march of progress, Lith-
ographs and engravings attest the
greatness of Henry Clay and such like
his time, while in the
paddock, “Surrounded by greatcoated
admirers, we see the debaters Heenan
and Sayers arguing out the champion-
ship of all England.
These mementos of
gradually disappearing.

the past are
One good cus-

tomer or another has claimed some
choice piece for his private collection,
to be stored away with prime Bourbon |
or Irish against the duy when the shut- !
cers go up on Brosnan's once for all. |

A figure of his time was Theodore
Stewart; who in 1860 started the sa- |
loons that bear his name. <A person-
able man, with a wide reach of white
waistcoat, he was one of the adorn-
ments of his calling. He had an eye,!
and was one of the first to hang sa-j
loon walls with gilt framed oil paint- |
ings of nymphs. Wandering artists |
who could paint lifelike portraits of |
dollar bills were sure of a welcome at |
Stewart's. |

Red hangings screened the gleaming |
figures of goddesses. How he delighted
in the sight of painted game, and of
the Colt's revolvers limned with such
realism that they stood out from the

 

 

|} side lines like poultry raising or gar-

dening May be made to add to the

terest to sublirban life. A short period
of training is very helpful to them.
The plan which guides the school |

 

tricts and want to ges back to thelr
old form of life. One who is just}
his fect after weeks of
hospital. care, said: “I want to xo
home and be around the farm where
I cah smell the cows.”

“I wish I had done this ten years
ago,” sald a one armed marine the
other day. He had spent all his life in
the city of New York, where before
his enlistment he had been a salesman
for a wholesale house. He is now in- |
terested in small farming and expects
to specialize in bees,

Among the cases at Lawrenceville
was that of a youth who had lost con-

to a bullet wound in the right arm.

Under would

have

ordinary conditions he

been put through a course of

mechanical exercises or would have

had to stand at a patent exercising

machine,

tedious process the physicians assigned
him to the greenhouse. He became
intensely interested in the work, and
slowly regained the use of his fingers
by transplanting seedlings. In his de-
light in getting his fingers into the
moist earth he forgot his pain, and hig
disabled fingers obeyed his will.

A veteran who hud gone through
the horrors of Chateau-Thierry com-
pleted his course in stock raising and
is now on his way to a Western ranch.
Several officers who were physically
disabled én the war have already quali-
fied as farm superintendents. They
had been boys on the farm and they
added technical training to their early |
experience.

The returning soldier, in the opinion
of experts, will have an important
influence in solving that vexed prob- |
lem—the high cost ofeliving. A mem- |

The Gem Saloon, a gem of the ’50's

other ownerships, shorn of many of
{their objets d'art, but still retaining overhead took leave of the officers of
as a special exhibit the first pump; his army.

| War of the American Revolution, when | nical training gained in special schoole | five

Instead of putting him through =
|
|
'
|
|
b

THE. SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.

 

‘

   
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
    
 

SMELL

backgrounds as if they might bej|the less retaining the ale scent that
knocked loose. This was no saloon; aj} has hung around it since the Revolu-
shrine of the arts. The one in Warren|tion. Fraunces Tavern has been re-
street is soon to be dismantled and all stored and remodelled many a time,

its effects sold at public vendue, jand yet it has to this day the tiny bar,
Others of the name have passed to which must have been much the same
when Washington in the Long Room

which wooed trom the willing keg the Down at Broad and
first draught of brown October ever on what was once the
served across the bar. jwharf, remains the (Cid Coffee, the

A study of the saloons of old New/rafters still redolent of the gin and
York would take us back to the days|the pipe smoke of colonial days. When
of the City Hotel, when the display of
crystal glasses and mirrors was a0 lav-
ish Malvolio would have protested. ,of those who took part in the proces-

Strange how the traditions of the, sion assembled in the old tavern, a
tavern have persisted through all the|rival of the house of Black Sam
years. There is the ancient landmark! Fraunce. Over this place now aca
at Beekman street and Gold, accounted | sides Fritz Lindinger,. who is meditat- |
a chop house in these days, but noneling the conversion of the place into |

Water streets,

end of a big

Washington was inaugurated as first
President of the United States, many

Made Expert Farmers

ber of the Federal board said yester-
day that probably another will

auest of the northwestern
The flourishing States of the middle
West, such as Ohio, Indiana and llli-
of the soldie® farmer will be appre- | nois. resulted from that wise policy. | restaurant or « Lop house When drought
ciably felt. The enormous demands | Again the soldier went to the con- | falls upon the land

of Europe for food will keep up prices| quest of the soil after he was mus- | And down in Coenties Slip is the

territory.
year

 

geod prown tide goés out forever and
ever.
Let none imagine that because there

 

returns from the field of battle to till | it again, and he will

/ ring to his task | muskets, flintlocks, blunt nosed derrin-
the grain field. This was so after the

not only a love of rural life but tech-| gers. The sailor men who for seventy-
years have been guiding the

deor to a church, and
}its glowing grill will

Farrish’s with
have to begin

to serve eats with temperance drinks,

 

 

 

through the foresight of Gen, Wash-|and also that efficiency which made j foamy schooners wing and wing across But many a Bowery landmark from
ington land was given to the officers| possible the great achievements of; the bar will miss this place when the'the palmy days will be missed. In
of the army, and thus came the con-| American arms. = — ———— —-~ . aan ao eS eee

SOLDIERS
GETTING

FIRST LESSON
IN GAS ENGINES

  
  
 

 

LEARNING DAIRYING_AT LAWRENCEVILLE, N.J.

 

 

 

heir Impending Fates

 

Brosnan’s, Stewart’s, McSor-
ley’s et al, to Follow “Black

Sam’s Chop Houses

 

those days scores of saloons there
were garish and gaudified. Present
day: ones are tame affairs compared
with the old “gilded dives.” Billy Mc-
Glory’s is no more. Who ever hears
these days of bold, bad Harry Hill?
McGurk’s Suicide Hall has gasped its
last. Dive keeping was a passing
phase of the New York saloon. Citi-
zens’ committees and the police decided
it had to pass.

Gradually the saloon came to be con-
sidered, in' sociological circles, the poor
man's club, It is not so many years
since a Bishop of the Protestant Epis-
copal Church opened the “Subway Tav-
ern.” Various substitutes for the sa-
loon of the screened windows and
swing doors have been put forward;
and just before the cataclysm the
brewers were promoting saloons of the
type of the English pub. Whatever
may be said of our old time saloons,
many of them made a strong appeal to
the social instincts. Here men found
a kind of friendship, found a helping
hand in need. The saloon was usually
a stronghold of the district political
leader. The hold it had is well exem-
plified by the career of the late Silver
Dollar Smith. In the centres of the
tiles of his saloon were embedded sil-
ver dollars, which as the years went
by were scuffed smooth by the feet of
habitues.

There is another type of saloon

 
 

Famous \

Garibaldi
Table

\ in Brosne
. >

 
   

! wich has by common consent become
; 4 meeting place for men of one kind
‘only. Witness a wine shop in the
Bowery hear Houston street, where
year after year the same grave faced
men foregathered over their Moselle
and talked of homes beyond the sea.

There is Cobweb Hall, with its en-
crusted bottles and its shining taps,
Where the laboring men from. the

neighborhood of City Hall foregather,
Further up is that bright haven, The
Truck Drivers’ Rest» American rival
of Dickens's Inn of the Six Jolly Por-

ters, ~

The

tollers who

; live near Cooper
Union get together at McSorley’s,
; ancient home of good ale. The old
walnut bar over which the tankards

Slide is lacking just four years of being
1100, It began in a saloon where now
Cooper Union stinds, and was bought
by John MeSorley, then fresh from
Ireland, who in 1854 established the
piace which bears his name,

or most of his cartier fifty-five
years John drank hts own brew earn-
estly and well, Then he Stopped for
thirty-two years, and rising at 5 every
| Morning, walked briskly to the Battery
and took a swim. Whether ytrong
drink or cold water prolonged his life
is still a matter of dispute, When he
died in 1910 he had the clear and ruddy
complexion of youth. His white side
| Whisk@rs gave him a striking resem-
blance to certain rieh men of the day
, for whom he was often mistaken, 7

The friend of the poor, he was
on friendly terms with Commodore
Vanderbilt, and inany a time on the
road in the morning they met to race
, their trotters. McSorley's too looks
the same to-day as when it Was first
opened, The grimy ceiling, the saw-
dusted floor, the hospitable grate fire
;'n winter, the walls covered with old
prints and play bills and first copies of
New York hewspapers, one of them
being Tue Sen, are all part of the old
atmosphere, William MeSorley, son of
| the founder, now plans to cony ert the
place into a chop house,

| So from the old taverns of the

also

>

{sland’s Toe to where the ink vine
twineth in Greenwich Village, in the
words of Victor Hugo, “every time the
hour sounds everything here below
says a goodby.”

Weimar Is
Hun Refuge

N. ancient city of refuge ¢ 1
A ideals is Weimar, the little

capital of the Grand Du’)
of Saxe-Weimar, where on Thursda)
next the first German Assembly of the
new democracy will be held. The Ger.
man Athens it was called when Ger-
many truly reverenced art and letters
and sages, and though its glamour
began to fade as a citadel of culture
when Goethe died in 1828 it has hel!
jout all these years «against +t
es culture of the Hun,

 

A shelter for republicanism it was
when its fame was spreading through
the literary world, and whén in 1870
the conquest of France had been a -
complished the victor’s song was
heard, not in Weimar, but in Berlin,
The capital of Prussia may lose tts
influence in German affairs if ter
many truly repents; storied Weimar
of the Golden Age may prevail once
more.

The rime of a thousand years en-
crusts the venerable city founded in
the ninth century; her streets ars
plain to shabbiness, and yet there is
within her gates the soul that should
have dominated Germany. Weima:
gave the world philosophers, poets and
dreamers. Berlin gave Prussia
‘lords and junkers.

' The making of a constitution for
| Germany in such an environment as
Weimar may mean much to the future
It is certain that the thought of a
new government coming into being in

War

Weimar at this late day is still ab-
|horrent to Berlin.

The Grand Duke War) <Atgu:t
despite his patriclan ways, was at

heart a democrat. His palace even in
the early part of the eighteenth cen-
tury was a very plain one, and often
he sold jewels and other precious he-
longings that he might help author,
poet or musician. Compared with
Wilhelm Hohenzollern he would hav¢
been classed as a true republican, al-
though he cid join the Prussian arm

As a statesman he was far ahead of
his time and even came near bring
about a form of constitutional govern-

 

ment in his duchy.

His counsellors were men of lofty
| motives and broad views. The old Ge
; many was scandalized when he called
, te sit with him in the management
}of public matters men not of uoble
birth, although one of them was
Goethe.

We think always of the author of
“Fatst” ‘when Weimar is mentioned
j and yet in these days the sponsor
| for the young German democracy diay
more inspiration from a shabhy lit
house up a side street than from +
Classic structure where Goethe dw:
Plain almost t) meanness is the or
house where Schiller dwelt, as it a

 

—— es —

pears to-day, still attesting as it ders
his poverty, and yet it seems as soine
sacred fane to those who hope for
Germany

Schiller was’a rebel against im.) -
jtarism. His genius was all but crushed

} by the relentless rules of the mih-
tary school where he was sent
boy. The Prussian idea was to
the epitome of lawless cruelty
Driven from his native provi

a ruler who forbade him to
poetry any more, Schiller found at !
in Weimar a haven among cons:

 

leouls, It mattered not to them t
he had pilloried Teutonic tyran: n
his “Wilhelm Tell” or that

violently attacked aristocracy e

Robbers.”

By far the happiest years of =
ler's life was spent in
Athens. Carlyle tells of the firs:
of Schiller in 1787 to Weima: The
poets Herder and Wieland 1
him with cordial weleome sa:
Wieland, nestor of German letter
soon formed a friendly intim

the tlerma

 

* he wrot f

“You know the men,’

whom Germany is proud; a ti }
Wieland, with their brethren

Wall now encloses me and the: Wat
excellencies are in Weim: I :
city, at least in this territer

to settle for life,

more to get a
Goethe

and at lens
country
Italy w
first went to Weimar, bu
turn the two poets beca
friends, and their associat:
with the name of the city its if
literary circle formed about t
sether in bronze they star e
day in a public square at W .
the Goethe-Schiller monumen'
The memory of the twa
Fested at every turn in
The National Goethe Mu
them with many preci
In Weimar music als
ven. Here dwelt) Pra:
great pianist and com)
him, broken, discouraged
many did not understs
Wagner. The incomps
music of Bach was heat
time in the ducal pala
The court theatre of W
in dramatic art, was thi
rona Schroter and other |
ers. Here dramas of t:
Schiller, had
The more
history of Weimar t!
influence of the city
One landmark
built centuries ago, f
which Martin Luther
the selling of indulee

was in

their

one goes

first

is tl

Portrait, painted ly
the altar is a paint
fixion, from toe bius

the elder, and i

of Luther avd Me
press of the milit
‘much to form tWe (+
and to give
old, may still be ck

The Germai

ing back to Weiims
Stages of their pile!
of tyranny and u

ideuls t

freedom and ideals

 

 

 

 

 

aan