ee we mer r i " ~~ q is mm Perms ' " a e ya Lee ty , F , . ’ r * ' yr ; Pee rod si 7 os ae ee r r , its : * P "
me ear ier : IN Bi granny ta ‘ Ss me eRe a Raye : rae N , r ? MP oc Hoey eae PF gay, * Kt Wastes ne ;
a TERN eS agar LAI ia Tia a eB, nh hed oo) ai ria Er * i ‘ - | ‘ es ears DS UN peg als Moby (ich oS MGMT My ah Ok ? i, Rs. od ”

; yy, en

rT 3 — & OW)
! Pee ND U/

 

 

 

 

3, ¥ Pai bp (ad \ ‘ . ™ Furpar,Wovemaen,38,-190%,
. hy air-andreoldersto-day- andytogmorrow.
| oo aaa ee » - ? ’
Si i eae C_/ o

 

 

 

 

 

”

 

' VOL, LXXIV,—NO 84.

GERMANY ASKS A SQUARE DEAL

KAISER'S ENVOY GUEST OF THE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

 

 

 

Pleads for Better Commercial Relations and
“Open Door Everywhere’ —Sir Morti-
mer Dorand Says Good-by to American
Antiences — Message From Peary.

The annual dinner of the Chamber of
Fommerce—the 138th—was held last night |
et the Waldorf-Astoria. Among the guests |
were the British Ambassador, Sir Henry
Mortimer Durand; theGerman Ambassador,
Baron Speck von Sternburg; Senator El-
kins of West Virginia, Gen. Horace Porter,
Gen. Fred D. Grant, Sir Alfred Mosely, the
English educator; the Rev. Dr. William R.
Huntington, Sir
Kar! G. Buenz.

The German Envoy made an urgent
plea for better trade relations between
Germany and the United States, while Sir
Mortimer delivered his unofficial farewell
to American audiences.

President Morris K. Jesup, who presided,
read a letter from President Roosevelt,
in which the President said that he was down
in Panama seeing with his own eyes what
had been done toward starting the canal
work, and telegrams from Commander
Peary, in which the Pole hunter sent word
that he was on his way home after planting
the Stars and Stripes at the point “farthest
North.”

Covers were laid for nearly 700, and the
only absentees from the guests’ table were
Lord Curzon, Admiral] Dewey and Ambassa-
dor Henry White. Around the gallery
were hung the coats of arms of nearly every
State in the Union, while over the heads
of the apeakers were the coats of arms of the
State of New York and the city, and the
fags of the United States, Great Britain,
Germany, France, Russia, Spain, Austria,
Holland, Belgium, Norway, Sweden, China
and Japan. -

President Jesup, as a preface tothetoasts, |
said to the members of the Chamber: “You
'
|

Percy Sanderson and

know that it is not my custom to take up
very much of your time at a banquet in
making an address, To-night | simply
wish to congratulate the members of the
Chamber that we have reached the age of
138 and are still young.” [Applause.}

Most of the diners observed that Mr.
Jesup was pale and apparently a bit upset,
hut comparatively few of them knew that
he had barely escaped a serious accident
in starting from his home to the Waldorf.
Later, when it beaame generally known,
Mr. Jesup was warmly congratulated on
his good fortune.

TOASTS TO THE NATIONS’ RULERS.

He proposed first the heaith of the Presi-
dent of the United States. While the mem-
bers of the chamber stood and drank the
band in the gallery played in funeral march
time “The Star Spangled Banner.” Mr.
Jesup waved his hands, trying to put ginger

 

into the band, and finally cried: “Faster,
faster.”
The health of the German Emperor |

was then drunk, although the” toast list
called for King Edward VII., and Mr. Jesup
followed it by calling for a toast to the
President of France. “The Watch on the
Rhine” and the “Marseillaise” were sung.

Forgetting for the moment to introduce
the name of King Edward, Mr, Jesup said:

"We had expected to have as our guests
Admiral Dewey, Lord Curzon and Ambas-
sador White. I have letters from these |
gentlemen explaining the reasons for their
absence. We had expected to have with
us also, and to greet him with all our might,
(ommander Peary, but he has been un-
avoidably detained. jLaughter.) I have
some telegrams received to-day. The first
oneis from Port au Basque.”

Senator Chauncey M. Depew interrupted
Mr. Jesup with:

* Where is that?”

“It is about 200 miles from Sydney,”
said Mr. Jesup. “Here is the telegram:”

 

TELEGRAM FROM PEARY.

“arrived 10 this morning. Coaled and
inmmediately leave. Weather favorable.
The expedition has completed a great tri- |
angle, the apex of which marks the furthest }
ipproach to the Pole. The Stars and
“Stripes have been deposited at each angle
of this triangle. Deeply regret adverse
circumstances deprive me of the honor and |
pleasure of being at your banquet. My |
compliments to those present and for your-
aelf ”

the members greeted the reading of the
telegram with an outburst of cheering for
Commander Peary They cheered again
when Mr. Jesup read a second message:

“Roosevelt leaving here at 2 P. M.”

At this point one of the guests reminded
Mr. Jesup that be had omitted the toast
to King Edward.

“Well, now, that is too bad,” said Mr,
Jesup. “That makes me think that I am
indeed growing old. I hope you will all
pardon me, Gentlemen, let us drink with
more gusto than ever to the health of his
Majesty, our friend, King Edward VII.”

ROOSEVELT REPORTS FROM PANAMA.

Mr. Jesup read a letter from President
Rooseve!t which ran:

“My Dear Mr. Jesup: I sincerely regret |
that [ cannot be present at the annual ,
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce.
1 shall be away on business in which all |
of our chambers of commerce are much
interested—that is, 1 shall be at Panama |
to see with my own eyes what has been |
done in starting the work ofthe great canal. |
With all good wishes to the great commercial
body of which you are president, believe |
me sincerely yours, }

|
|

 

 

“THEODORE Roosevevt.”

In introducing the German Ambassador
Mr. Jesup had this to say: “The ballot is
sale in their hands. We have established
rétiprocal relations with Germany along
efucational lines. We are as anxious now
as they are to establish reciprocal relations
on commercial lines. [Applause.} And why
should we not do it?

“We have with us to-night Baron von |
Sternburg, the worthy representative of |
the worthy Emperor. During his sofourn |
here as Ambassador he has done what he
could to maintain peace and harmony and
to cultivate commercial relations. No
worthier representative of that great nation |

could be here to-night than he. I am sure I |

have a right to say in your name'-aad of
course I cannot go out of the Chamber--
that we have for the German people and

 

Continued on Third Page. :

ali tt *

‘ iy iL a |

| at Albany.
| lation affecting the business interests of the

PRESIDENT LEAVES PORTO RICO.

Enthusiastic Farewell Reception at San
Juan—Expected in Washington Menday.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

San Juan, Nov. 22.-The battleship
Louisiana, with President Roosevelt on
hoard, left Ponce this afternoon for Hamp-
ton Roads.

The President held a farewell reception
at the Governor's palace this morning
which was unprecedented for enthusiasm
and the number who attended 't. The as-
semblage was 6o great that many persons
were unable to reach the resident and
shake hands with him.

An agreeable incident of the occasion
was the meeting between the President
and E. C. Morton, who fought at his side at
Santiago de Cuba and was one of the first
five to ascend the hill.

The President’s return to the United
States was somewhat delayed. Owing to
the roughness of the sea outside San Juan
harbor, he was unable to board the Louisi-
ana here, as was intended, and he returned
to Ponce to board her there. He left by
train for Arecibo and thence went to Ponce
by automobile. This enabled him to see
other portions of the island that otherwise
he would not have seen.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.—The Navy De-
partment has been informed of the depar-
ture of Yhe battleship Louisiana with the
President on board from Ponce, Porto Rico,
for Hampton Roads, the armored cruisers
Washington and Tennessee convoying.

It is believed by the officers stationed in
the Navy Department that the Présidential
squadron will cruise at an average speed of
15 knots an hour between Ponce and
Hampton Roads, If this is the case the
Louisiana will arrive at Hampton Roads
on Monday morning. The President will
there be transferred to the Dolphin and
‘come up the river, reaching Washington
on Monday evening.

 

AUTO HIT M. K. JESUP’S COACH.

 

Driver Knocked From the Box and Harness
Torn From the Horses.

Just as Morris K. Jesup was about to
step into his carriage, which was standing
in front of bis house at 197 Madison avenue,
waiting to take him to the Waldorf, where
he was to preside at the dinner of the Cham-
ber of Commerce last evening, an auto-
mobile coming up the avenue sideswiped the
vehicle, knocking the coachman from the
box and nearly stripping the harness from
the horses. Mr. Jesup had allowed him-
self but scant margin of time to reach the
dinner, and after rushing back into the house
to telephone for the doctor to look after his
coachman, he hurried on foot to the hotel.

James Martin, the coachman, was carried
into the house, but the doctor could find
nothing wrong with him and he went back
at once to look after his horses. One of the
bay team had several scratches on its flank
and the harness was forn from the backs of
both, but neither of the horses was badly
enough hurt to need special attention after
being led to their stable on East Thirty-
fifth street. The carriage escaped almost
without a scratch.

Martin said that the man driving the auto
stopped at once after the collision and came
back to find out how much harm had been
done. Martin said that the man's name
was Wilcox, but that he had not questioned
him much, as he did not blame him for the
accident

 

TO WATCH LEGISLATION,

Business Men Contemplate Establishing a
People's Lobby at Albany.
Syracuse, Nov. 22.—-The New York
State Council of Business Men's Associations
was organized here this afternoon for the
purpose of establishing a “people's lobby”
It is intended ta examine legis-

State, to promote beneficial legislation and
to oppose that which is undesirable. One
hundred representatives of business or-
ganizations from all over the State were
present. The following officers were
elected: ‘

President, Giles H. Stilwell of Syracuse;

| first vice-president, R. J. MacFarland of

Brooklyn; second vice-president, O. S.
Foster of Utica; secretary, William B.
Jones of Albany: treasurer, Judson G. Wall
of Brooklyn. :

Mr. MacFarland is president of the Manu-
facturers’ Association of New York, which
promoted the organization. The plan is
to establish a bureau at Albany for the
purposes of publicity. A lawyer and news-
paper man will be hired for that purpose.

 

NEW AUTHOR OF SHAKESPEARE.

 

German Authority Dectares Against Bacon
and For Roger, wari ef Rutland,
Spectal Cable Despatch to TAR Sux

BERLIN, Nov, 22.—The disciples of the
jate Mr. Donnelly and other Baconian
theorists must be prepared to combat the
champion of a new author of Shakespeare's
works. Dr. Karl Bleibtreu, one of the
most eminent of contemporary German
writers on literature and history, declares
his absolute conviction that neither Shake-
speare nor Bacon wrote Shakespeare.

Dr. Bleibtreu has devoted much research
to English history. He is the author,
among other notable works, of a history
of English literature, in which, by theway,
he gives short shrift to the Baconians, avow-
ing that Shakespeare wrote his own works.
Now he recants, and says he is immovably
convinced that the real writer of Shake-
speare was Roger, Earl of Rutland, who
was born October 6, 1576, and who was a
son-in-law of Sir Philip Sidney.

In a book shortly to be published, entitled
“The True Shakespeare,” Dr, Bleibtreu
adduces detailed circumstantial evidence
of this theory, which he admits was sug-
gested by the work of Herr Avor, another

| German, which was lately published in

Munich. Dr. Bleibtreu is convinced that
the family archives in possession of the
present Duke of Rutland contain valuable
evidence in support of his contention.

 

MRS. JAMES M*LAUGHLIN HURT,

She and Her Friend Mrs. Lindsay Thrown
From a Runabout,

Mrs. James McLaughlin, wife of the

well known horseman of Ocean avenue ,

and Avenue T, Brooklyn, took a drive with

her friend, Mrs. B. H. Lindsay of 286 East |
Thirteenth street, Flatbush, yesterday after- |

She drove a fine horse attached
At Bevérley road and the
the horse took fright and

noon.
to a runabout.
Ocean Parkwa
ran away.

Lindsay were thrown out and both received

painful bruises, but they refused medical |

attendance.

The horse subsequently ran into a train
of flat cars and was so badly hurt that he
was shot.

Try Gold & Black Label |, 2 & 3 Crown Sherries
ef A. R. Rulz & Hermanos, Jerez, Spain.— Ade.

 

+NEW YORK. FRIDAY, NO
OLD SPECULATOR’S HARD LUCK

rs. McLaughlin and Mrs. |

 

 

VEMBE

|

 

 

NO CLEAR FIELD FOR RAINES,

Opposition Likely fo Develop to His Leader
ship of the Senate.

GAVEUPALLTO SQUARE MA TTERS | Senator John Raines af Ontario has been

BUT 18S NOW IN JAIL.

 

though He Got Everything Bookkeeper
Had, Even His Home—Court and
Prosecutor Sympathize With Prisoner.

/

William Weateott Bridgeman of Nutley,
N.J., who confessed to a theft of several
thousand dollars two years ago, was ar-
raigned in the Tombs polie® court yesterday
under circumstances that made both Magis-
trate Walsh and Agsistant District Attorney
Paul Krotel express regret that they could
not give him his freedom. |

John W. Hankin of the firm of John
W. Hankin & Bro., contracting engineers
of 550 West Twenty-fifth street, was in
court as the complainant. RPridgeman is
a small man of genteel appearance with
snow white hair. So completely surprised
was he by his arrest after this lanse of
time that he could hardly stand during the
arraignment. He had made all the resti-
tution of which he was capable, giving up
his life savings and his homein New Jersey,
under, he declares, a solemn promise of
immunity from arrest and exposure.

Among those in court were the defend-
ant’s wife, made an invalid by worry,,and
their daughter, who for the same cause
was in a similar condition.

Bridgeman went to work for Hankin as
his bookkeeper. He got $25 a week. It
was ample for himself and family and he
prospered, adding slowly to his bank ac-
count. One day a man he believed to be
his friend called and began to tell him of
a wonderful gold mine in which he was
interested. Never had there been anything
like this mine, he said. It was located

near Roulder, Col.

Next day he commissioned his friend
to invest $500 at 5 cents a share. Within a
week it had jumped as the friend had
promised to 15 centa and he sold out at a
profit of $1,000. «

The next day the stock jumped to 2
cents and the old bookkeeper reinvested
his original $500, his profits and took an-
other thousand out of the bank. The
atock began to climb. Before he got his
money in it was around 90.

Then Bridgeman decided to make it a
big cleanup and he took $1,000 from his
firm’s bank account, oovering it up by
raising checks and “padding payrolls. The
stock continued to rise and he wanted to

| sell, but his friend advised him not to let
go under $1. So he continued to take
the firm's money. This lasted about a
year anda half. Then came the discovery.

Bridgeman confessed, believing that
his stock and $6,200 worth of the mining
company’s bonds which he had were worth
many thousand dollars in excess of what

| he had taken. He had bought 140,000
shares of stock at prices ranging from 5 to
50 cents, and the “quotations,” the “friend”
said, then showed it to be a good investment.
|
|
'
|

Employer Insists on Prosecuting Him, Al-
|
|

“I'll turn it all over to you, and you can
take out what I owe you and give me the
balanoe,” said Bridgeman to Hankin. The
firm took the stock, tried to sell it and found
it, they say, worthless.
Bridgeman’s wife and daughter knew
nothing of his speculations, but they con-
sented to turn. over the homestead, the
furniture, everything, if only they could
keep it a secret. Bridgeman and his wife
toid Magistrate Walsh that Mr. Hankin
had solemnly assured them he would not
prosecute if they did this. They were
| left without a dollar. For months Bridge-
man tried to get employment, but every-
; where he was told he was too old, About
a year ago the Salvation Army found hiin
| a place at $7 a week, and he was working
i yesterday when arrested. He says

he never suspected that he would be prose-
cuted after the lapse of years and making
| restitution so far as it lay in his power.

District Attorney Jerome was disinclined

| to take the case up when Mr. Hankin brought
jit tohim, saying it looked strange that
| he should wish to go ahead after two years
had elapsed and after Bridgeman had
| turned over everything apparently with
| the understanding that he should be left
| alone.
| “I never agreed not to prosecute him
| criminally, and the only reason I did not
do so at that time was because he left the
| figm’s finances in such bad shape that our
creditors would have descended on us and
| bankrupted us had th®y known,” said Mr.
| Hankin.
| When further questioned in court Mr.
| Hankin repeated that he wanted Mr. Bridge-
| man rosecuted “purely for the principle
| inve ed.”
“This is an unusual case and I'd like to
dismiss it if IT had the power,” said the
j Magistrate. “But I can't do that. The
Grand Jury, however, have the power to
hear a defendant, though they seldom
| exercise it. You just write your side of
this case 40 the foreman and I think he'll
settle this case right then and there.”

He then committed the aged prisoner to
the ‘Tombs in default of $1,000 bail. Bridge-
man dsked permission to speak to hie wife,
who thought when she saw him coming
toward her that he had been released.

“Good-by, mother,” he said, kissing her.
“I've got to go to prison.”

“My God, to prison? After all we've
done and he said he would not send you
there?” cried the white haired old woman.
Then she fell fainting into her daughter's
arms.

| Bridgeman said his wife had not a dollar

to the daughter, asking her tosell it.
“Father won't live long now,” said the
daughter. “Mr. Hankin has a policy of
$5,000 on his life and perhaps if father dies
and he can collect that he'll be satisfied.”
'
'
|
'

 

Mr. Hankin declined to say anything |

further about the case except that his losses
through Bridgeman’s wild speculations
were not less than $20,000, or $13,000 in
excess of the amount restored by the sale of
the Bridgeman homestead.

“I will say nothing,as I might be mis-
quoted,” he said. “If I said anything it
would be in writing.”

In their efforts to keep the matter a secret
the Bridgemans never employed a lawyer
to look after their interests. Now they have

no money to do so or to getbondsfor Mr.
Bridgeman. By the advice of a friend they
submitted their case to the Legal Aid
Society.

 

Where Hearst Was Knifed.

The official canvass of the vote in the
Fourteenth Assembly district in Brooklyn,
in which Senator P. H, McCarren lives,
was taken up yesterday. It showed that
Hearst was knifed unmercifully all over

| the district, runni 100 votes behind
| Chanler in some election districts. i

 

: After all, Usher's the Geotch
thas made the B :

AWD sai i) eT m
Na re , te

i
j
i
|
‘

 

|

ee ee

 

 

 

 

|

|
|
|
|

 

 

}
|

|

| bales of paper.

reelected and is a hot candidate for reelec-
tion as President pro tem. of the Senate.
From the close of the polls on election day
he has been attempting to secure pledges
from Republican Senators.

It developed yesterday that State Chair-
man Woodruff, Herbert Parsons, president
of the New York county committee, and
Senator Alfred R. Page have had frequent
conferences of lute at Gov. Hughes's office
and the suggestion has been made that
Republican ~State Senators should hold
themselves unpledged to Senator Raines
or to any other candidate for President
pro tem. of the Senaté until after Gov.
Hughes is inaugurated.

Henry A. Van Alstyne of Columbia
county, at present State Engineer and Sur-
veyor, is said to be a candidate for Superin-
tendent of Public Works to succeed Gov.
Higgins’s man, Nicholas V. V. Franchot
of Olean.

There were Republicans last night who
said that Senator William J. Tully of Corn-
ing was the leading candidate for chairman
of the Finance Committee of the Senate,
and yet Senator W. W. Armstrong of
Rochester and Senator Alfred R. Page of
New York are candidates for this place,

Gov. Hughes, it wassaid, stands ready
to reappoint Prof. Huffeut, Gov. Higgins's
personal legal adviser, as his own legal
adviser. Mr. Huffcut succeeded Mr. Hughes
as professor of law at Cornell University.

D.,L.& W. FIREMEN ASK MORE PAY

Not Satisfied With the Present Agreement
—No Strike Expected.

The firemen of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western Railroad are atill dia-
satisfied and sent their adjustment com-
mittee to this city yesterday morning to
confer with Grand Chief J. J. ae
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Fife-
men. Mr. Hannahan had a talk with the
committee and sent them to Scranton.

“The Lackawanna firemen are very much
dissatisfied with the present conditions
and with the result of their talka with the
officials,” he explained. “I told them what
to do and sent them back to Scranton, where
I believe they went into conference with
the officials. I do not think there will
be any trouble, however. We are not
looking for any. The companies seem
inclined to be fair all around.”

It is expected that the engineers’ and fire-
mé@n's committees of the New York Central
will reach an agreement to-day satisfactory
to both sides. General Manager Smith
said yesterday afternoon

“This is only the annual wage conference.
We have all but settled with the firemen
and engineers and will reach an agreement
with them within the next twenty-four
hours,”

The conductors, telegraphers and others
employed on the railroads are expected
to send their committees soon. A repre-
sentative of one of the largest companies
said:

“There #1 be no trouble en.aay road,
It is practically certain that all the men
will have their wages advanced.”

 

 

NEW HAVEN ENGINEERS WAGES,

 

They Demand Four Cents a Mile and Same
Pay for Electric Motormen.

New Haven, Nov -The passenger
engineers of the New Haven road want
more pay. General Manager Higgins at a
conference just held received a list of their
demands. They want the pay of the pas-
senger engineers increased from three and a
haif cents a mile to four cents. The freight
men, under the agreements signed some
time ago, are receiving four cents, with
100 miles or less making a day's work. The
plan is to bring the passenger engineers
up to the same level.

In addition the committee has asked that
four cents a mile be paid to engineers who
take positions on electric engines and that
all runs over 100 miles on the electrics be
paid for at the usual overtime rate.

”

DANIEL OWEN A SUICIDE,
His Doctor Had Teld Him That Ue Had a
Cancer of the Moutltr.

Daniel M. Owen, a well known figure in
Wall Street fifteen years ago, took his life
yesterday in his home at 226 East Twenty-
third street by burying hia head beneath
the covers of his bed and inhaling gas
through a tube. His family say that on
Wednesday the doctor had told him that
he was suffering from cancer of the mouth
and that Owen doubtless thought that by
suicide he was only anticipating a lingering
death.

He lived with his unmarried sisters,
Anna and (lara, in the old house his father
had built forty-five years ago. It was
Mias Anna Owen who detected the odor
of gas in the upper hallway at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning and who discovered
the body of her brother, still warm, lying
huddled under the bedclothes.

Owen was launched by his father in the
lumber firm of John G. Moore many years
ago. When this partnership was dissolved
and the brokerage firm of Moore & Schley
was established Owen did an independent
business in Wall Street for several years.
Fifteen years ago he retired from active
business. Since that time he had been a
well known figure on Broadway and in the
theatre district.

 

SPEEDING AUTOISTS TRAPPED,

A Dozen Drivers Caught in Upper Broad.
way Before Midnight.

In response to complaints from upper
West Side clergymen that many children
have been injured by speeding auto-
mobiles Inspector Walsh set a trap for
scorchers along upper Broadway and River-
side Drive last night.

Roundaman Casey and a squad of police |

in Commissioner Bingham's automobile,
and Policeman Mallon on a motor cycle,
did the trapping.

Before midnight the police had landed a !

dozen chauffeurs in the West Sixty-eighth
street and West 100th street stations.

TRIED TO BURN WAREHOUSE,

Bunches of Rags Soaked in
Through a Sit in the Door.

Edward Gleason of 82 Cherry street dia-

covered last night an incendiary fire in the

Madison Paper Stock Company, 10 James |
| slip.
in the big wareroom, which was filled with |
The door was smashed in !

The blaze was just inside the door

and the fire
trifling loss. ‘
In the door is an old slit formerly used

for mail, but over which on the inside a

extinguished with only a

| amall board had been nailed. This had

j
|
}
‘

been pried off and several bunches of rags
saturated with oil had been forced through
the slit. Then a lighted match had been
dropped in.

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
“Its purity has made it famonus."’—Ada, |

 

— fn cpr \ ieee
js cekali al le

OU Stuffed |

GIRL OF 43 STIRS UP A TOWN

LOST IN A WHITE DRESS, COMES
HOME ALL IN RED.

Found, After Many Alarums, Buying Things
in a Poughkeepsie Store and Ship-
ped Back (oe Fishkili-Young Man
showered Meanwhile With Telegrams.

 

Vivian Langdon, the thirteen-year-oid
daughter of Charlies H. Langdon, a New
York business man who has a large country
place near Fishkill, returned to her home
yesterday afternoon after having stirred
up the village greatly. She went away on
Wednesday evening wearing a simple white
frock and a long tan raincoat. She re-
turned in a red tailor made suit with hat
and gloves to match.

When she went away a negro servant,
Lottie Jenkins, 21 years old, also went away,
and a diamond ring belonging to Mrs.
Langdon and $66 in cash disappeared.

Mrs. Langdon had gone to the village
early Wednesday afternoon, leaving Vivian
and her three little brothers at home in
charge of the servants. Mr. Langdon was
in Washington on business. When Mrs.
Langdon got home, shortly after 6 o'clock,
she asked for her daughter and then for
Lottie, Neither was to be found about the
house. Going to her room Mrs, Langdon
found that a small jewel case in her dresser
had been opened and that the money and a
ring were gone.

Mrs. Langdon telephoned to Chief of
Police Mara of Fishkill Landing. Ne soon
learned that the girl and the negress had
taken a trolley car to Fishkill Landing, and
bought tickets at the New York Central
station, and the station agent thought they
had got tickets for New York. Chief Mara
notified the New York police to look ont for
the pair.

Mrs. Langdon spent a sleepless night.

Poughkeepsie. A Miss Clapp, who ia em-
ployed in the dry goods store of Luckey,
Platt & Co, there, informed Mrs, Langdon
that Vivian was with her. The daughter
then talked to her mother and said she
would explain all. Mrs Langdon asked
Miss Clapp, who knows the family, to bring
Vivian home,and it was done, Chief Mara
met the train and questioned the gir! briefly.
She said that she had gone with the negro
servant just as a prank,and that they had
missed the last train out of Poughkeepsie on
Wednesday night,

Miss Langdon went to the Morgan House
at Poughkeepsie and put up for the night.
The Jenkins girl went to a house in the
negro quarter yesterday morning. The
two wet out to do some shopping and vis-
ited the Luckey, Platt & Co. store. Miss
Langdon, or the negress for her, first bought
a hat, then gloves, and finally the red tailor-

i

made suit. This took about all of the
eash, and then the diamond ring was
pawned,

The Jenkins girl, who had on one of Mrs.
Langdon’s silk dresses, decided that she
wanted a cloak and went to the top floor of
the stereto try one on. Whileshe was
the Langdon girl was recognized. She
admitted to Miss Clapp that she had started
out to go to New York, but said that she
had thought better of it and was willing to
go home. Miss Clapp in her burry to get
the girl home forgot about the negress.

Chief Mara telephoned to Chief McCabe
of the Poughkeepsie police to arrest her.
Detective McGowan found her some miles
down the road toward Fishkill. The
negress said that when she lost Vivian
Langdon she had started to walk back to
Fishkill. She had only 50 cents. She says
she did not take the money or the ring,
but that Vivian took them herself and sug-
gested a trip to Poughkeepsie and then to
New York. Vivian told Chief Mara that
she never had the money or the ring, but
that Lottie Jenkins had both all the time.
Chief Mara asked the Poughkeepsie police
to hold the negro girl.

A New York end of the story came out
last night through one of the four Lowther
brothers, who have all become acquainted
with the Langdons while at their sister's
summer place in Fishkill, John Lowther
is the editor of a trade journal in West
‘Twenty-third street and rooms in Hartley
Hall, Columbia University. When Vivian
disappeared on Wednesday Mrs. ‘l.angdon,
remembering that her daughter had a fancy
for John, sent a telegram to John asking
him if he knew anything of Vivian's where.
abouts.

John telegraphed back that he didn’t
and went on about his business. When
he came down from his room yesterday
morning he found a telegram Waiting for
him dated Poughkeepsie and saying “Meet
me at the West Twenty-third street ferry
late this morning.”

While puzzling over the telegram, which
was signed with a name he had never heard,
he received another, signed with still another
name and asking him to meet the writer
and another woman at the Grand Central.
Still another telegram came appointing
another place of meeting. John surmised
that the telegrams came from Vivian or
some friend of hers. He waited some time
for some explanation and then took a train
yestertiay afternoon for Fishkill to show
the telegrams to Mrs. Langdon. Another
telegram was waiting for him at Hartley
Hall last night.

 

SUMMONS FOR MCARREN,

Hrooklyn Senator Is Notified to Appear
for Trial.

The official notice to Senator P. H. Mc-
Carren, the Democratic leader in Kings
county, summoning him to appear on
Monday next before the sub-committee
of the State committee for trial for alleged
disloyalty to Hearst at the recent election
reached Democratic headquarters in Brook-
{lyn yesterday. Senator McCarren, who
| started on a long Western trip with some
friends four days after the election. is not
expected back before the middle of next
week.

It is thought that he will ignore the in-
vestigation, having the assurance of high
legal authority that the State committee
has no power to expel him.

These are the witnesses that have been
called to testify against McCarren: John

 

SS gine
ee a 5 ae

| H. Delaney, Patrick Hayes, William J.
| Dalton, Patrick H. Malone, A'exander
} Kataky, Max E. Lehman, Fram j. Ulrich,

Mortimer 8. Brown, M. E. Dooley and

Frank W. Foley.

—

 

Gift From Mrs, Sage.
Sac Harpor, L. I., Nov. 22.—-The Board
of Education has received from Mrs. Russell
Sage an additional gift of $2,200 for

new high school buildin
here. e had already

ven $50,000, but

to buy a sufficiently large site. Mrs. Sage
was asked if that amount could be taken
from the $50,000 which she had given toward
the building of the school

28, 1906 .—Convright, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

|

|

 

 
   
   

MANY LOST IN LAKE STORM.

Kighteen Known to Be Drowned; Others
Missing —Werst Blew in Years.

Derroit, Mich., Nov. 22.— Eighteen known
to be drowned and possibly a dozen others
is the record of the worst storm that has
swept the Lakes in years.

Many ships are ashore and several are
overdue, so it may be a day or two before
a full list of the casualties is known.

The barge Athens sank in Lake Erie,
and Capt. Markle of Milwaukee and his
crew of six men are lost. The steamer
tesolute, bound to Toronto, foundered
and six of her crew perished when her
lifeboat was swamped.

Off the new breakwater at the entrance
of Holland Harbor four men were swept
int the lake and drowned.

The steamer Panama, with its crew of
twenty men, went ashore near Ontonogon.
The crew landed and made their way for
ten miles toward Ontonagon drenched
to the skin in freezing cold. They found
a lumber camp and a lumberman carried
bare news of safety to Ontonagon.

FEAR FOR TILEMAN'S LIFE,

Chieage Police Will Guard Him From Ne
groes Even While He's in Bed.

CuicaGco, Nov. 22.—Chief Collins has ar-
ranged for a police bodyguard to meet
United States Senator Tillman on his arrival
in Chicago next Tuesday.

The armed guard will be stationed in the
hall outside his room in the hotel after he
retires. The station at which the Senator
will arrive and the exact time of his arrival
will be kept secret.

Threatening letters came to-day as a
climax to numerous mass meetings held by
negroes all over the city following the a=
nouncenment that Senator Tillman had heen ,

 

 

About noon she got a telephone call from | engaged to speak for the benefit of the Chi-

cago Union Hospital at Orchestra Hall |
next Tuesday.

The letters said
would be shot while on the stage if he at-

tempted to deliver an address.

Tillman |
|
CURZON'S INTEREST IN ESTATE.

that Senator

He Recelves One-third of 61,750,000,
Settied on His Wife at Marriage.

Curcaao, Nov. 22.--Details of the mar-
riage settlement made in April, 1805, when
Lord George Curzon married Mary Leiter,
became known to-day

In the settlement Lady Curzon received
the inco:me from $1,750,000 invested in real
estate and bonds. Upon her death it was
stipulated that if she was survived by her
husband Lord Curzon should receive one-
third of that amount. The remainder
will be divided among the three children.

Phe children are Mary Irene, 10 years
old; Cynthia, 7 years old, and Alexander,
3 vears old.

Lord Curzon, Robert T. Lineoln and
Joseph Leiter met to-day to arrange the
settlernent of Lady Curzon’s estate. Alter
the settlement !.ord Curzon will go to
‘on, and a short time dater will
sail for England.

TAFT'’S TRIP TO PHILIPPINES.

It Has Been Postponed From Aprtl Until
Next September.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22,.—Secretary Taft's
trip to the Philippines, to attend the opening
of the first legislative assembly, has been
postponed from April until next September.
Unless something unforeseen occurs to
prevent him from leaving bis duties at the
War UVepartment, Mr. Taft will visit the
islands at that time. The delay is due to
the fact that the bill which prescribes the
districi« which are to send representatives
to the assembly and makes provision for
the body, as amended, does not fix the time
for holding the elections until July 1. It
will then be about ninety days before the
assembly meets, or about October 1. Sec-
retary Taft is very anxious to be present at
that time, and intends, if possible, to make
the trip. e°

Secretary Taft to-day discussed with
former Governor-General Ide matters per-
taining to the Philippines. He hopes to
have the Senate take up the Philippine
tariff bill at this session and pass it.

WATERS-PIERCE OIL CO. LOSES.

Demurrer to Texas Ouster Suit Overruled
by Court.

AvstTIN, Tex., Nov. 22.—In the district
court here to-day Judge Victor Brookes
overruled the general demurrer to plaintiff's
petition in the case of the State of Texas
against the Waters-Pierce Oil Company, in
which suit the State seeks to oust that com-
pany from Texas and to collect penalties
amounting to more than $500,000 for alleged
violations of the anti-trust act.

ROOT NOT THINKING OF HEARST,

Has Been Teo Busy Lately to Let Mind
Wander to Politics.

St. Lours, Nov. 22.—-Secretary of State
Root departed for Cincinnati to-night to
address the Commercial Club in that city
to-morrow evening.

The Secretary spent the greater part of
the day touring the city. He said he was
too busy thinking about what he had seen
in St. Louis to let his mind wander back to
politics.

“Do you believe the election of November
6 put an end to Hearst politically?” Mr.
Root was asked.

“I have not thought over that matter at
all,” he said. _

TO PREVENT FALSE ALARMS.

Commissioner Bingham Is Going to Hold
Police Responsible for Them.

Fire Commissioner Lantry got a letter
from Police Commissioner Bingham yes-
terday declaring that policemen on post
were going to be held responsible for any
false fire alarms that might be sent in, in
accordance with the orders he issued a few
weeks ago. He informed the Fire Com-
missioner that charges of neglect of duty
were going to be made against three police-
men on whose posts false alarms had been
rung since they had been warned of what
they might expect. These alarms had been
sent in on the West Side and the icemen
on duty had failed to arrest the offenders,

 

 

 

 

FALL RIVER STRIKE THREAT.

Unions Vote to Go Out Monday Uniess 10
Per Cent. Advance Is Granted.

Fa. River, NOV» 22. Special meetings

ts e-em

the | of the five cotion operatives’ unions affil-
to be erected iated as the Textile Council were held

to-night to consider the compromise offer

by the manufacturers in response to a
demand for ® per cent. more pay made |
“Rech wales.

to reject the compromise and to declare
strike next Monday. i nf _
r ‘

&

union voted almost ‘sr deaare's |

; PRICE TWO CENTS.

CARUSO IS QUESTIONED. AGAIN,

“MRS. GRAHAM” 1S EXPECTED TO
APPEAR IN COURT TO-DAY.

 

 

Twe Women Who Wanted to Testify Barred
Vrom the Stand—Witness Whe Wee tn «
Monkey House Declares. Ho Saw Neo
Wrongdoing ow thé Part‘of Ginger. |

Enrico Caruso; the Metropolitan Opera:
House tenor, spent three more hours yester-
day afternoon in the Yorkville police court
and he will be obliged to undergo another
ordeal this morning. Third Deputy Police
Commissioner Mathot announced near the
close of the hearing that he had received
information which led him to believe that —
“Mrs. Hannah K. Graham,” at whose in-
stance Caruso was arrested, might be ip .
court in the morning, and Magistrate Baker ,
granted an adjournment.

A high police official said last night that «
they were certain they had found the woman
who caused Caruso’s arrest. She is a meme
ber of a respectable family, he said, and had
been kept from appearing by their wishes.
Two men were sent out from Police Head-
quarters late yesterday afternoon with a .
subpoena, They had instructions to exert
every effort to serve the subpena before
morning and then accompany the woman
to court. The police official refused to dis-
close the name of the woman.

Two women who were willing to testify,
that Caruso had annoyed them in the same
way that he is charged with having an-
noyed other women in the monkey house.
of the Central Park zoo appeared at yester-
day's hearing. The evidence of the two
women was ruled out by the Magistrate.

Caruso, on the other hand, produced @

| witness in the person of Adolphe Danziger,

a writer and former United States Vice-

; Consul at Madrid, who declared that he wag

watching the tenor in the monkey house
on November 16 and saw him do none of -
the things with which he is charged.

If anything, the crowd that flocked to,
the Muncipal Court Building yesterday
was larger than the one which turned out
at the first hearing. There waa a stronger
force of policemen on duty and greater pre.
cautions were taken to bar persons who
had no business in the court room, but the /
place was packed. There were more,
woinen in the crowd than on Wednesday
and they struggled with the men for vant.
age points where they could hear every
detail of the testimony.

The street outside was filled with a crowd
of 500 persons when the tenor drove up
in an electric cab in company with Herr
Conried, his manager, and the Italian
contingent was on hand with its shoute of
“Bravo, Bravo, Caruso!” The accused
singer paused half way up the court house
steps, and raising bis silk hat with a flour
ish acknowledged the greeting. At the
same time there were derisive shouts from
others in the crowd.

The defendant looked pale, but he wasn’t
as nervous as on his first appearance before
the Magistrate, and when informed that he
would have to wait for an hour or so antid
several other police cases had been disposed
of he called for a chair, and settled back in ,
it comfortably.

Caruso was the first witness called,
Deputy Commissioner Mathot taking hing
up on cross examination. j

“Were you present at any performance
of ‘Parsifal’ in the Metropolitan Opera
House?” asked the Deputy Commissioner.

“I object!” shouted ex-Judge Ditten-
hoefer, Ciruso’s leading counsel. Judge,
Dittenhoefer went on to say that the casey
before the Magistrate had to do only wit!
occurrences in the monkey house on Noe
vember 16, ;

“But,” interposed the representative of,
the Police Department, “the defendant testi.
fied on Wednesday that he had never
guilty of any impropriety of the sort char
and | am laying a foundation for impeach=4
ment of the testimony.”

“Is it not a fact,” continued Deputy
Mathot, “that you were present at @ per.
formance of ‘Parsifal’ in the Metropoliters
Opera House on February 4, 1906?”

“I don’t remember; I am not p
to say,” answered Caruso through the ine
terpreter.

Just then the door of a private
behind the Magistrate opened. “
her out,” said Mathot, and there was @
great commotion in the audience. ’

A woman of about medium height; well
formed, with dark hair and eyes and ap-,
parently about 28 years old, appeared im
the doorway, accompanied by a blond
young man, wearing a light covert coat.,
The woman wore a white silk waist, @ P
skirt of rough material and a small '
hat trimmed with green velvet. Her face
was partly concealed -by a heavy white
veil.

Caruso; when the girl entered; was lean-
ing on the desk in front of the Magistrate,
“Look at that lady,” said Deputy Com-

missioner Mathot.

Caruso’s eyes met hers squarely as she
advanced to within a few feet of him. She
started to lift her veil, but wag stopped
by Mathot.

“I do not know her,” said Caruso.

“Is it not a fact,” asked the Deputy Com-
missioner, “that at about the beginning
of the second act of ‘Parsifal’ on the after-
noon of February 4 this lady was standing
downstairs in the rear of the Metropolitan
Opera House and you came to her and
stood behind her and did what you are
accused of doing in other cases?”

“No,” answered the tenor.

“How many strumpets can you bring
here?” added Judge Dittenhoefer, and then
the Deputy Commissioner got angry. He
declared that Dittenhoefer had no right
to apply any such name to any of the wit-
nesses, and the Judge immediately dis-
claimed any intention of applying the name
to any witness that had appeared. He
merely wondered how many the Deputy
Commissioner could bring into the court
room.

Before this occurred the woman who
had faced Caruso had withdrawn.

The Deputy Commissioner wanted to
know next whether Caruso had attended
the Horse Show last winter, and again Ca-
ruso’s counsel objected. Commissioner Ma-
thot declared, as he had before, that he
desired to impeach Caruso’s testi

‘

it was found that $2,200 was needed in order | of an increase of 5 per cent, in wages, made | and that he had another woman who

identify him as having annoyed her
Horse Show.

Judge Dittenhoefer intimated
was easy enough for the police to
number of women to testi . be.