‘Yection was

“deen, after he had served in the same posi-
‘tion at Madrid.
‘for a time acting Consul.

* wanted to see them do was to produce one

of the women who were annoyed, as charged,

‘im the monkey house on November 16—

Mrs. Hannah Graham, for instance. “If
I had as many policemen as you have, she
would be here in court,” the Judge added
With a sneer.

Again the Deputy Commissioner fired up.
“Unfortunately,” he retorted, “your client
is in a position to overcome the efforts of the

Police Department. Before I get through

 
   

with thie I will show some information as to

why Hannah Graham is not here.”
“Gentlemen,” interrupted

both.”

It was then that Magistrate Baker ruled
out the evidence in regard to the alleged
incident in the Metropolitan Opera House,
and refused to allow the second woman to
be brought in.

The Beputy Commissioner kept at the
gener almost half an hour in regard to what

—¥r in the monkey house on November
16, but he wasn't able to shake the story
which Caruso told on Wednesday. Judge
Dittenhoefer objected to having the witness
‘tell what was in his mind in regard to the
‘po-called Mrs. Graham, who is charged by
Caruso with making eyes at him. he ob-
sustained. Caruso couldn't
describe her-—what she wore, or what her
@mperal appearance was. y

Wouldn't it simplify matters if you
‘would bring the woman here?” suggested
WDittenhoefer, and the Deputy Commissioner
wharacterized that as a “chestnut.”

“How,” asked the police lawyer of Caruao,
“do you recall the woman's ogling you 80
distinctly when you can’t describe her?”
LAn objection to this question also was

tained. All Caruso could say waa that

e@ knew the woman looked at him and

tracted his attention.

Caruso testified that he was married ten

rs ago and that his wife ie at present in

Judge Dittenhoefer brought out more
wtrongly than on Wednesday the facts,
alleged by Caruso, that “Mrs. Graham”
not accompany Policeman Cain and the
pnor to the station in the Arsenal after the
@rrest was made. .
“When the officer brought me in,” said
Waruso, “he handed me over to another
and then went out and got the woman '
Officer Cain and the other police wit-
«6 had testified that the woman went
fatona with the prisoner to the Arsenal to
ke the charge ;
|. Adolphe Danziger, the witness who testi-
‘ for Caruso, said that he lived at 1327
fth avenue and that he has an office at
%S1 Wall street. He is an attorney of the
lifornia bar and has come East to apply
r admission to the bar of New York State.
@ was at one time Vice-Consul at Aber-

At the latter place he was
He has, he teati-

, written several novels and historical
‘works, his latest being “Children of Fate.”
Deputy Commissioner Mathot was inclined
to pooh-pooh the idea of bringing in the
record of Danziger.

“Oh,” said Dittenhoefer, referring to
the witness, Jeremiah McCarthy, .who
@orroborated on Wednesday some of the
things that Policeman Cain says he said in
po ae house. “You got your American

gue man in yesterday; now give us a
ehance.”

Danziger dwelt on the fact that he was
connected at one time with the Republican
National committee, and he was inclined
to claim considerable credit for Roose-
velt's election. He testified that he had
started to walk along the park road from
the Fifth avenue entrance at Sixty-third
street, at about 4:30 o'clock on the after-
noon of November 16, when he noticed
Caruso enteri the zoo. He was well
acquainted with the tenor, having lived
in the same hotel with him in London,
and would, he said, know him if he saw him
a long way off. As it was, Caruso, when
he ente the monkey house, was only
a short distance from the park roadway,
and Danziger went back to the entrance
which led down into the zoo. He didn’t do
this particularly for the purpose of speak-
ing to Caruso. The idea simply occurred
to him when he saw the tenor go down
to look at the animals to do a little sight-
seeing himself.

When he got to the monkey house he
saw Caruso standing in a small group of
ce looking intently at a monkey cage.

here were some women in the group,
and Caruso was standing some little dis-
tance from them. }

 

“Did you see him standing against any
women?” asked Judge Dittenhoefer.

“No,” was the witness’s reply.

“And you had him in sight all the time
you were in the monkey house?”

“Yes.”

The witness testified that Caruso could
not have been in the monkey house more
than two or three minutes before he entered
‘it, and he remained in the building until
Caruso left. Danziger said that he would
have spoken to Caruso, but he thought
it might be impertinent. He was under |
the impression when he first entered the |

 

 

house that Caruso was a member of the
parey which was panes before the
monkey cage, and that is the reason he

did not go up to him.

Danziger testified that he was positive
that Caruso had not annoyed any women
fin the manner described while he was in
the monkey house. That, he said, would
have been impossible without his seeing it.
He didn’t see Caruso walk from one woman
to another or,from one group to another.
Mr. Danziger became interested in two
black monkeys and while he was looking
at them Caruso started to leave. But
Danziger saw him when he turned away
from the group at the cage, and the tenor,
he said, did not rub up against any women
or annoy them. On the contrary he had
a@ look Of disgust on his face. Danziger
followed a few minutes later, but the tenor
was not in sight.

Danizger was very impressive some-
times. On one occasion he declared with
uhlifted hand;

I stand here on my oath and honor and
I say that it was a physical impossibility
for a man to do what they said Caruso
did in the monkey house without my seeing
it.”

This is why Mr. Danziger volunteered
to_ testify:

“Ca is the greatest tenor that ever

; 'e is a benefactor to mankind and
don't want to see him lampooned. That
why I have come forward. ;

It was while Danziger was on the witness
@tand that Deputy Commissioner Mathot
received a call on the telephone from Police
Headquarters.

*Don’t bring in any more women,” re-

ked Judge Dittenhoefer as the police
official left the room. It was then that the
Deputy Commissioner got the information
on which he based his application for an
adjournment toward the close of the hear-

fichard Barthelemy, a professor of music
and Caruso’s tutor, testified to the time at
which the tenor left his apartments on the
afternoon of November 16 and Herr Conried
told how difficult it was for Caruso to apeak
English. Herr Conried’s testimony was to
show that it was impossible for Caruso to
have said some of the things attributed to
him on the afternoon of his arrest. Herr
Conried said that the tenor could say “Good
morning,” “How dofyou do,” “I'm hungry,”
and auch expressions as that, but whenever
he desires to carry on a serious conversa-
tion with him the impresario uses an inter-

reter. Caruso always understood when
Yonried asked him in English to have a
cigar or take lunch with him. In regard
to that matter of Caruso carrying his hands
in his pockets, Herr Conried said: }

“He always does it. He does it in Italy, |
he does it in Germany, he does it in France,
he does it here, he does it everywhere. He
talks that way; he walks thet way.”

“So his English is childish and bland?”
said the Deputy Commissioner.
“It is,” asserted Herr Conried,

rous nod of the head
udge Dittenhoefer made a formal de-
mand t?.at the origiaa! entry in the police
blotter be produced. The Deputy Com-
missioner refused point blank, and declared
that the courts would sustain him in his
refusal to make the police record public.
Judge Dittenhoefer said he wanted the
entry for use in contradicting the story
which Policeman Cain had told. The

rate said that the entry in the blotter,

as made by the sergeant, wouldn't

e policeman’s testimony. but he

ed to grant the request. Still

out

"t produce it because you are
Dittenhoefer.

produce it,” shouted Mathot,

with a
vi,

Magistrate |
Baker, “this must cease or I shall fine you |

‘One and One-Half Years
is the = of time required
to make the os

  
  
   

PENCIL
from the time the first opera-

tion begins until the finished |
'article is ready for the user. |
| They never vary. |
6B to 9H. |

17 Degrees.

AMERICAN LEAD PENCIL CO.

NEW YORK.
If /ndelibie jead t6 wanted ask for Venus “Copy-
ing’’ No. 165.

 

“because I don’t propose that you shall
run the Police Department.”

“You're afraid,” Caruso’s counsel said
again.

“Oh, no; oh, no; oh, no!” said the Deputy
Commissioner.
“Why, a monkey could say ‘Oh, no,’ too

RS Lo aM

WOMEN WIN AT GLEN RIDGE:

ITS NAME NOT TO BE ERASED
FROM THE POSTAL GUIDE,

 

!
|
| The Suffragettes Out Early and Show Great
Skill in Depositing Their Ballote—The

Vote Stands 647 to 82 Against Free

| Delivery From the Bloomfield Office.

The voters of Glen Ridge turned out as
one woman yesterday afternoon to ex-
ercise the “God given right of a free and
| untrammelied ballot” and to decide whether
Tom Moritz should hold hia office of Post-
| master-General of Glen Ridge for ever and
ever. In the biggest battle of the suf
fragettes New Jersey has ever aeen the
women carried the day. Glen Ridge de-
cided once and for all that its post office
will not become a sub-station of the Bloom-
| field post office.
| Ever since the good old summer time
| Glen Ridge has been in the throes of a
| free delivery question. The trouble came
| to a head during the dog days when the
; postal authorities began to talk of “pro-
viding the people of Glen Ridge with an
| adequate and satisfactory postal service.”
| One of the suggestions was that Glen
| Ridge be provided with a free delivery

| service. This sounded well at first blush,

remarked the Judge, and Mathot glared | but when it was learned that if the borough

at him.

Judge Dittenhoefer asked that his ex-
ception to the ruling be recorded.

Seveniah McCarthy, the former em-
ployee of the American League baseball
grounds, who testified on Wednesday
that he had seen some of the cases in the
monkey house charged by Policeman Cain,
was recalled Judge Dittenhoefer. It
was shown on Wednesday that McCarthy
was acquainted with Policeman Cain. Yes-
terday Judge Dittenhoefer brought out the |
fact that MeCart hy had been summoned |
befor the secretary of the American League |
team and questioned in regard to a one
that he had been collecting penny to let |
people in at a private gate of the baseball

round which he was watching. McCarthy
Scchaced that there was no truth in the
charge and that the sec was satisfied
ot his innocence. That occurred on
the last day of the baseball season, and he
had left the employ of the company and |
didn't know whether he would go back or |
not, as it was not time to engage the help |
for next year. |

This testimony was greeted by loud |
applause among the Caruso supporters in
the room. One of the court »licemen |
threatened to arrest some of the disturbers,
and Deputy Mathot characterized the |
demonstration as “a pyrotechnic iy el
which had been arranged by Judge Ditten- |
hoefer.

It was 5 o'clock when an adjournment
was taken.

Caruso as he left the building was cheered |
by his supporters. Two young women who
were standing near the court room exit
handed him a bouquet of violets, and an-
other woman threw a bouquet of cammations
into his automobile cab. The tenor ac-
knowledged the gifts and the applause with
® sweeping wave of his hat and a profound
Ow,

The woman who was wang to accuse
Caruso of annoying her at the Horse Show
was slightly darker than the one who ap-
d in the court room but was about |
the same age. She wore a brown velvet |
dress and a black veil. Both women said |
they had consented to appear as witnesses |
only after the police had assured them their
names wouldn't be disclosed. |

 

|
|
'
|
'

 

BRIDGE JAM CONFERENCE.
Mayor Calis In Engineers to Settle on !
Something Feasible. |

Mayor McClellan has called a conference
to be held in his office next Monday on |
plans for relieving the congestion at this |
endof the Brooklyn Bridge. The conference |
will be attended by Prof. W. W.Burr, the !
consulting engineer of the new Water
Supply Board; William Barclay Parsons, |
Bridge Commissioner Stevenson, Chief
Engineer C. M. Ingersoll of the Bridge
Department, Ira S. McCormick, the engi-
neer in charge of the improvements being
made on the New York Central Railroad
system, and Corporation Counsel Ellison.

It is the purpose of the Mayor to try to
evolve out of the multitude of plans now
lying in the Bridge Department's pigeon |
holes some concrete plan that will afford
speedy and adequate relief. The Mayor
is of the opinion that this can best be ac- |
complished by going ahead with the propo-
sition for the building of terminal loops on
the block ocoupied by the Staats-Zeitung
Building and on the two triangular blocks
lying immediately to the north. He
ridiculed yesterday the assertion made by
Vice-President Calderwood of the Brook- |
lyn Rapid Transit Company that the capac- |
ity of the bridge had been reached and that
it would be dangerous to attempt to run
more trains upon it. Mr. McClellan said |
from expert advice he had received he was
confident that the train service could be
greatly increased if the terminal facilities
were enlarged.

Vice-President and General Manager
J. F. Calderwood of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit Company made this statement |
last night:

The Commissioner of Bridges determines
how many cars may he operated over the
Brooklyn Bridge. With the facilities now |
given the railroad every precautionis taken
to handle the travelling publie with despatch
under a very close headway during rush |
hours, but jamming and crowding are una-
voidable because we cannot operate any
more cars

We stand ready when additional bridge
facilities are afforded by the city to give an
increased service. We desire the public to |
know and to understand that the condition on |
the bridge is not the fault of the Brooklyn |
Rapid Transit The incessant tirade againat |
the Brooklyn Rapid Transit for the congestion
and crowding at the New York end of the
bridge and of their cars over the bridge does
not aid or encourage our employees to battle
with the present and trying conditions, but,
on the contrary, discourages them

The Brooklyn public has been promised
relief. from this congestion by several ad-
ministrations. Jet it be recalled that the
relief so far afforded by the city has been
adding a few indaequate plktforms at the New
York terminus. The company has expended
several hundred thousand dollars for better-
ments on the bridge. I hope no serious |
accident will occur in connection with the
present operation. Should an accident ocenr |
the public should place the blame where the
blame belo ngs.

 

 

Rirthday Luncheon to the Mayor.

Mayor McClellan will be 41 years old |
to-day. To celebrate his birthday the |
heads of his departments will entertain |
him at luncheon this afternoon at the |
Hardware Club. }

| you to the voting place and show you.

| “but Mrs.

wanted free delive y it would have to be-
come a sub-station of its neighbor, Bloom-
field, and so lose its identity, the exclusive
borough stood up on its hind limbs and
said with well bred intensity: “We shail
not, we will not be erased from the Post
Office guide, so there!”

Two mass meetings were held to discuss

| the burning question. At the last one, No-

vember 7, a resolution was offered by
Clemens Herschel, the hydraulic engineer,
that all citizens of the borough, men and
women, over twenty-one years of age, vote
on the question at an election, supervised

| by Mayor Lockwood and the Borough Coun-

cil. Mr. Herschel’s resolution was carried
with a roar that almost drowned out the
passionate panting of the ten million waiting
automobiles lined up outside Assembly
Hall. The few persons who live down near
the Bloomfield line, where maids are atill
known as hired girls, stalked out indig-
nantly while the Glen Ridgeites, who em-
ploy only maids, went home gleefully, and

| they spent the time thereafter drilling the

women of the families how to vote.
Wherefor Glen Ridge was awakened very
early yesterday by Mary Anns announcing
excitedly to their mistresses’ “T’-day's th’
day, ma'am.” Many of the men almost
lost their morning train while they tarriad
to plead with their wives, daughters, sis-

;

i
ters” not to repeat, and above all things |

| not to have their ballots cast out by mark-

ing R. S. V. P. or anything like that on j

them.
“Now remember,” were the parting in-
structions, “you simply take the ballot

marked ‘I vote to retain the Glen Ridge

post office’ and drop it into the
box. Into the box, understand? Right
into the box. Hold it over the open-
ing with finger ‘and thumb—so—

and release it so it will fall into the box.
You simply—oh, you'd better wait till I
come home this evening and I'll go with

And let me bring Jane up there to-night
after she does the dishes so that I'll be sure
she votes, and votes right.”

But when the polls opened at one o'clock
there was scarcely a woman in Glen Ridge
who could hold herself in till the six o'clock
Lackawanna train brought the male com-
muters back from town. All the afternoon
Ridgewood aycane was a-cough with auto -
mobiles that stopped in front of the little
brown stone Borough Hall to discharge
fur clad passengers who worked their way
through the election board, the chief of
police, the New York reporters and camera
squad and the earlier women voters, who
after casting thei ballots proudly refused
to tear themselves away from the excit e-
ment.

As a rule the women voters showed that
they could vote intelligently, even without
the help of fathers and husbands. Voter

| number 206, who will be called here Mrs.

Smith because that Wasn't the name she
gave when depositing her ballot, will suftice

| a8 an instance of how well the women were

able to look after their rights. Young
Mrs. Smith, entirely surrounded by white
fox furs, got on the job at ten minutes to 4
and presented two ballots to Judge of
Elections Charles De Groot.

“You may insert only one ballot, madame,”
began Mr. De Groot not unkindly.

“Oh, only one of these is my vote,” said
Mrs. Smith. “The other is for Mrs. Jones,
who is sitting out front in the car.”

“I'm perry returned the election officer,

ones will have to deposit her
own ballot in person.”

“But she’s all bundled up comfortably
and I really don't like to disturt her. She's
~well, she's older than! am, you know.”

Mr. De Groot insisted that the law was
the law, however, and after further dis-
cussion, Mra. Jones was brought in.

“Now, your name, please?” asked! the
election officer.

“Smith.”

“Yes, but we must have the name in full.”

“Oh, of course— Mra. Smith.”

Mr. De Gropt wiped his brow.

“What is Sour hus+and'’s name
asked.

“Why, that’s absurd. My husband isn't
voting. This is my vote. don't see why,
when we women do have a chance to cast

or

he

our-

“But I have to have his name whether
he votes or not to get yor —"

“But he can't vote to-day. He's in Haver-
straw to-day. He went up on business and
won't be home till ——-”

“But, madam, I simply muat have the
name in full, whether you like it or not, be-
cause—-—-”

“Oh, indeed! Now, you're not here to be
impertinent, young man.”

“No, but I must have your name in full
before——”

“Well, for mercy sake, why on earth
didn’t you say so?” demanded Mrs. Smith
with fire, “instead of keeping this long line
waiting by detaining me here with imma-
terial questions. I’m Mrs. John Smith, and
I should have told you in the first place if
you had asked me.”

Then the ballot was placed in the pretty
glass ballot box thatwas used for the
women’s votes. While arrangements for
the balloting were making some of the
younger women thought it woyld be a
oe idea to make a further distinction

tween the ballot boxes by using a cut-

lass punch bowl for the women’s votes.

his was talked down by a matron of pro-
hibition tendencies, and the girls then
suggested that the box that was used be
trimmed with pink and blue baby ribbon.
Defeated. Inside the railing sat Miss
Marian Daniels, who took the names of

 

 

To show you the prevailing styles is nothing unusual; we

anticipate here—the results are offered for your inspection.
Ready-to-wear Suits $18 to $42, Overcoats $15 to $62.

|

 

 

SHE SUN, F

Offer spices from the
world’s best sources of
supply, in all their or- |
ginal purity and strength, |
| at lowest prices.

} White for Pricelist

 

the voters, so that the list might be turned
over to the citizens’ committee later.

Tales of high handed bribery of servants
by their mistresses have been rife for days.
Some said that matrons had offered to
allow their maids Sundays out for a week
if they voted against free delivery, but
the panes made no arrests during the day.
‘The bribery atories were probably unfounded

for the reason that ucements were
uaaqcsneary: each matron handed her
maid a ballot marked for the retention of
ope, pout office, s0 the maids hadn't much
enoles

The first vote was cast by a woman,
Mrs. George White, who threw the free
delivery ballot on the floor with scorn and
deposited the other. Gawge Wash'n Brad-
ley, janitor of the a library, handed
each suffragette two ballota as she entered
the hall. Near Gawge's feet was a waste
basket, into which the women dropped the
free delivery ballots when their emotion
didn't lead them to tear them up indignantly.
As dusk drew on, William B. Colson took a
straw yote by picking up a handful of the
ballots in the waste basket. Altogether
he drew out seventy-eight, and of theseonly
three were for the lition of the post office.
From this it was gathered that the day
was saved.

Young Mrs. William H. Sayre, Jr., gowned
in a dark green suit and carrying a bi
red book, came in during the afternoon anc
created the first real excitement of the day
by refusing to vote when she learned that |
there were two ballot boxes, one for the
men's votes and another for the women.

“It's illogical and unfair.” declares Mrs. |
Sayre to the reporters as she left the hal! |
after refusing positively and finally to vote
while there was a “sex distinction.” “Why,
they might as well make a geographical
distinction or One of color or religion. We |
were given to understand that we could
vote like the men and we come here to find |
this absurd sex distinction.”

“Are you an advocate of women’s rights?”
Mrs. Sayre was asked.

“Well--well-—oh, I shan't go into that,
because you would make a story of it. My
action here is aside from any question of
women’s suflrage.”

A police officer got his wife up to the
balloting room only after much persuasion.
He told her he didn’t want her to tell him |
how she would vote. }

“Just give me the ballot you don’t intend
to use and you may keep your other one a
secret,” said the husband.

“Well, I see you voted to retain the oe
office,” said the husband after his wife had
deposited her ballot and he had Gas
of the other one which she had handed |
Mm,

“Oh, don’t think you’re going to worm it
out of me which way I voted. You're only
guessing,” said the wife, mysteriously.

George White, a retired broker, was
asked by the reporters whether there was
any truth in the story that he had said he
wouldn't vote if his servants were allowed
to cast a ballot.

“My servants wouldn't vote here with-
out an invitation,” said Mr. White, em-
patically, “and they received no invitation
from my family. Why, if I saw one of them
coming up here to vote I'd be tempted to
tell her to go along about her business.
This question of the maids voti is due
to a misunderstanding about the word
‘resident.’ Suburban servants aren't resi-
dents--they'’re soldiers of fortune, fly-by-
nights. And if I saw a maid on the stre-t
I shouldn't ask her, ‘Maggie, where do you
a but, ‘Maggie, with whom do you
ive?”

The votes of Mr. and Mrs. White and their
daughter were the only ones reco! from
the White household

All Glen Ridge gathered in the council
room when the polls closed at 9 o'clock.
Amid a noise like a Democratic convention
the election board announced after the
count that free delivery was defeated by
647 to a paltry 82. Exactly 333 women.and
314 men voted “to retain che post office
under improved conditions,” against 27
women and 55 men who want free delivery.
A brass cannon blew holes in the sky oppo-
site the Glen Ridge Club. The women hur-
ried home to gather for informal election
parties.

As there are no ones in Glen Ridge, and
therefore no saloons,the men also gathered
in their houses or moved from house to
house to discuss the election and things

“To what do ~~ attribute this magnifi-
cent victory?” Postmaster General Moritz
was asked at midnight.

“The hand of God,” replied Mr. Moritz,
but with some difficulty as he was standing
on his hands and shouting at the time.
“And young feller,” he continued, revers-
ing himself, “say in your paper that I said
the town of Bloomfield wants to stop raising
deviltry with us or they'll get in trouble
down there. Slap ‘em hard.”

AY PNOTIZED WITNESS IN COURT.

Divorce Plaintiff Couldn't Utter a Word
So Long as His Wife Eyed Him.

INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 22.—A witness in a
divorce case, a man 65 years old, was hyp-
notized by his wife in court here to-day
so that he could not answer a question.

For ten minutes the man sat and gazed
at the Judge, but not a word could he utter.
The eyes of his wife wore fixed upon him
all the while.

One year ago John Amos owned a fine
farm and lived with his only son. Before
his wife’s death she had become acquainted
with a Mrs. Ropp, a spiritualist.

Amos went to the medium to talk with
his dead wife and among the first messages
he received from “Bright Star,” Mra. Ropp's
Indian maiden control, was an order to
marry the medium. Then she commanded
him to sell his farm, buy property in this
city and have it conveyed to him and his
second wife jointly. e complied.

Later Amos began to doubt if the mea-
sages had come from wife No. 1.

hings went from bad to worse and
Amos sued for divorce, alleging fraud
and asking for his property.

The trial was called this morning. After
Amos's inability to testify became ap-
parent court was adjourned and Dr. wil
lam Kludge was asked to examine the
witness. r. Kludge reported that Amos
had been hypnotized.

This afternoon the old man walked to
the witness chair with his face turned from
his wife and gave his testimony but he was
still evidently under great stress.

 

 

ANOTHER BioW TO OIL TRUST. |

Obie Court Grants Mandamus to Compe
Pipe Line to Act as Common Carrter.
Finpuiay, Ohio, Nov. 22.—Judge Silas E.

Harin of the Circuit Court to-day granted

a writ of alternative mandamus against

the Buckeye Pipe Line Company. The

motion was commenced by Attorney-Gen-

eral Wade H. Ellis, who seeks to compel the
1 line com to tranesport oi n

eroducer without discrimination. pow
The petition alleges that the Buckeye

Pipe Line Company charges 20 cents

a barrel for transportation, but that the

Standard Oil Company, which controls it,

pays nothing The rate is fixed so high,

it is alleged, to keep others than the Stand-
ard from seeking to use the lines.

 

i

  
 

bin sibilant
pil alin i = <r Bigg
mma

Busy Men of Affairs Need Home Relaxation

The Pianola Piano

Affords Just the Right Mental Tonic to Over-
come the Worries of a Strenuous Business Life

UR sales statistics reveal the interesting fact that we

The Governor's Opinion
One Yeor Later

are selling many Pianola Pianos to prominent men

State of W. Virginia,
Governor's Offices,

Charleston, Nor. 20, 1906,
THE AEOLIAN CO.

Tately there wae placed
in the Governor's Mansion
a Weber Pianola Piano,
of your make. We are
delighted with it The
Piano ie a very fine in-
strument, aud #0 pro-
mounced by all persops
who are capable of judg
ing the quality of such
iastroments. The Metro-
style is a wonderful in
vention and increases the
worth of the Pianola
many times over.

We are greatly pleased
with the instrument, and
would not be without it
for many times its cost
WM. M. 0. DAWSON,

Gov. of W. Virginia.

poser.

The Aeolian Co.,

made only by the Aeolian Company.

in the business world—leading firanciers, the offi-
cials of large corporations, presidents of railroad
companies, insurance companies and the like.

* The act of playing the Pianola Piano concentrates one’s
attention, takes one’s thoughts away from every-day worries.
There is a positive power for good
when you are able to produce that musi¢ yourself,

in music—particularly _

The business man who plays the Pianola Piano a little
every evening finds that instead of taking only a casual inter-
est in music, he has dipped into a most fascinating subject,
and he wants to know more of the composition and the com-
As Governor Dawson says, the Pianola Piano opens
a new werld of recreation to thousands of men without any
musical education.

 

Charleston, Nov. 19, 1006.

We have in the Gov-
ernor’s Mansion one of
your Weber Pianola Pi-
anos, which is very sat-
isfactory.

I find the Pianola Piano
a most welcome means of
pleasure and recreation,
I suppose there are thou-
sands of men like me,
who, having a love apd
an appreciation of music,
bet not a musical edu-
cation, most depend large-

om such instruments as

There is but one Pianola and but one Pianola Piano,

Aeolian Hell,
262 Fifth Ave., N.Y.

 

CLERKSHIP FACTION FIGHT.

ESPOUSES
WOODRUFF,

ODELL
CAUSE,

There Are 92 Places in the Office of the
Clerk of the Assembly and About
Every Man Who (iets One Is Expected
to Be a Cog in Somebotly’s Machine. ,

\
There were Republicans from the up- |
State counties in town yesterday who said
that the fight for the Assembly clerkship
between Col. Archie E. Baxter of Elmira
and Ray B. Smith of Syracuse was tending
to produce a marked alignment of two
Republican State factions, one headed
by Chairman Timothy L. Woodruff and
his friends and the other led by Benjarnin
B. Odell, Jr.
Mr. Odell
at the Murray
within the last few days with Republican
Assemblymen, including John R. Yale
of Putnam, James K. Apgar of the Third
district of Westchester and several others

|

|

{

has had frequent |

|

who were supporters in the Assembly of
j

Hill Hotel and elsewhere

meetings

Supreme Court Justice Warren B. Hooker
when Arthur ©. Wade of the First district
of Chautauqua led the fight on the Assembly
floor to prevent Justice Hooker's retire-
ment from the bench. Wade has been
put upon the shelf by the Republicans
of Chautauqua county because of his ad-
vocacy of Justice Hooker. Yale narrowly
ercaped defeat for reelection in Putnam,
even though Hughes carried the county
by 676 plurality. Yale’s plurality was
54, whereas a year ago it was in the neigh-
borhood of 800, Apgar was reelected
by only 154 plurality, whereas Hughes
carried Westchester by 5,578, and Apgar's
plurality a year ago was 1,498.

Mr. Odell in his support of Col. Baxter,
it is stated, has gathered about him all
the Republican Assemblymen who stood
by Justice Hooker at Albany, and if he
wins with Co]. Baxter the patronage of
the clerk’s office of the Assembly is to be
distributed by Mr. Odell in hia effort to
rehabilitate himself in Republican State
machine politics. Mr. Odell lost his Senator,
Louis Goodsell, on election day, and yet
he saw an opportunity to begin all q@per
again if he could reelect Col. Baxter Clerk
of the Assembly and capture the patronage
of the clerk's office.

Col. Baxter has always been a supporter
of Senator Platt. He even «uarrelled with
his old friend Representative J. Stoat Fas-
sett when Mr. Fassett temporarily retired
as one of Mr. Platt’s lieutenants in the
southern tier. The relations between Mr.
Fassett and Col. Baxter have been only
partially friendly sincethat time. Yet Mr.
Fassett's newspaper in Elmira spoke up the
other day for Col. Baxter's reelection as
clerk.

Mr. Odell bas publicly announced that he
is for Col. Baxter and he has criticised Mr.
Woodruff, Francis Hendricks and others
for putting forward Ray B. Smith for Col.
Baxter's place. The Woodruff people and
the Hendricks people and other Republicans
as William L. Ward and William Barnes,
Jr., while personally friendly to Col. Baxter
do not believe that Col. Baxter's place as
clerk of the Assembly should be made the
stepping stone for Mr. Odell's effort to re-
turn to influence in the State machine's
affairs.

Mr. Smith is now assistant clerk of the
Assembly. He has been Col. Baxter's chief
aubordinate. He was associated with Mr.
Woodruff, Mr. Ward and Mr. Barnes in
the management of the Hughes campaign
at Republican State headquarters in New
York city.

The patronage of the clerk's office of
the Assembly cute a great figure in Re-
publican State machine politics. All told |
there are ninety-two appointments at the |
command of the clerk of the Assembly, |
and these places are distributed among |
Republicans in nearly all the counties. ;
The present employees of the Assembly |
clerk hail from Chemung, Onondaga, Sara-
toga, Albany, Chautauqua, Chenango, Alle-
gany, Herkimer, Suffolk, Orleans, Wayne,
Erie, Orange, Oneida, Seneca, New York,
Monroe, Cattaraugus, Kings, St. Lawrence,
Westchester, Livingston, Erie, Washing-
ton, Yates, Otsego, Nassau, Ontario, Os-
wego, Putnam, Broome, Montgomery,
Genesee, Cayuga, Dutchess, Cortland,
Franklin, Delaware, Columbia, Steuben,
Niagara, Ulster, Jefferson, Madison, Sulli-

f

‘x

J. Newman,

  

van, Schenectady, Wyoming, Renseelaer,
Warren, Clinton; Lewis and Greene coun-
ties. All these employees of the clerk’s
office in the Assembly are supposed to te
hustlers in politics. Part of their duties
consist in rounding up delegates for As-
senbly, Senate, Congress, Judiciary and
State conventions, pot to speak of town
elections. They are looked upon aseturdy
spokes in the wheel of machine politics.

POLICE STOP BOXING BOUT.

Capt. Schlottman Descends on Long Acre
Athletic Club—Four Arrests.

Capt. Schlottman of the Tenderloin police
station and two of his men visited the Long
Acre Athletic Club, 158 West Twenty-ninth
stree:, last night and stopped the boxing
show. Then the Captain arrested Michael
the referee and treasurer,
Charlies Falconi, the ticket taker, and two
members of the organization. Each was
held in $500 bail, for violating section 458
of the Penal Code.

McConville and Williams were to nave
appeared in a three round exhibition bout.
After the pair had sparred a minute the
acrappers were hustied out of the ring and
taken to the station house. The club was
crowded... Newman, however, expected
trouble and prepared a show which con-
sisted of several wrestling matches and
vaudeville stunts.

Newman has been arrested a number
of times for holding bouts at his club and
in each instance he was discharged in court.
It is said that since last summer he has
been running his club on strictly legitimate
lines, the members paying their dues in
advance.

 

‘SUFFERED AGONIES
FOR FOUR YEARS

Whole Foot Nothing But Proud Flesh
— Tried Different Physicians and
All Kinds of Ointments— Could
Walk Only With Crutches — Ohio
Man Says:

“CUTICURA REMEDIES
THE BEST ON EARTH”

“In the year 1899 the side of my
right foot was cut off from the little
toe down to the heel, and the physician
who had charge of ne
was trying to sew 11
the side of my foal,
but with no success.
When he found out
thet ae work,

trying to
heal the wound with
all kinds of ointment,
until at last my whole
foot and way up
above my calf was
nothi ut proud
flesh. I suffered un-
told agonies for four years, and tried
different physicians and all kinds of oint-
ments, I could walk only with crutches,
It is sixteen months ago since I began
using Cuticura Soap and Ointment for
my limb and foot. The first two
months the Cuticura Remedies did not
seem to work, but I bans on using them
both. In two weeks afterwards I saw a
change in my limb, Then I began using
Cuticura Soap and Ointment often dure
ing the day and kept it up for seven
months, when my limb was healed up
just the same as if I never had trouble.

“It is eight months now since I
stopped using, Cuticura Remedies, the
best on Go's earth. I am working
at the prei:nt day, after five years
of suffering The cost of Cuticura
Ointment 9:d Soap was only $6;
but the doctors’ bills were more like
#600. You can publish my name and
refer any one to write to me about
we Remedies. - will answer all
letters i postage is enclosed. John M.
Lloyd, 718 8. Arch Ave., Allian i
June 27, 1905.” F ——
SGmor, foes Fangln te eat
consisting of Cutieura

Vent, He. (lo form of
$0). par tales of all

 

 

 

 

“

  
  

 

 

.
|
|
|

|
|

 

| HALE

    
     

 

The Best
Furnitare
Polish

for dull finished furni-
ture as well as for the
— lished Furniture.
It OVES all rubs
and marks, restoring the
wood to its original finish.
It has had a steadily
growing sale for more
than two generations and
this is the FIRST adver-
tisement ever written or
printed about it.—S0e.

Schmitt Brothers,

40 East 23d

 

Furniture Makers.
& stablished 1858.

         
     

 

Carbonic, Artificial Vichy, Setters,
Als to bette tr ott
supertor to

CARL HR. SCHULTZ

‘Tel. 3420 Madison Sq, 430-444 Ist Av., N.Y.

MARRIED.

COLLINS.-CROLIUS,—On Wednesday, Nov. *:
1906, by the Rev. John F. Carson, D. D., Bila
Brooks Crolius, daughter of Mr. and Mrs
Albert Crolius, to Edwin James Collins.

HACKSTAFF—GALLATIN.—On Thursday, Nor
22, 1908, at Trinity Chapel, by the Right Rev
Bishop Burgess, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Dia
Margaret Hoffman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs
Charles L. Hackstaf, to Albert Gallatin, aon
of Frederic Gallatin.

SARGEANT—THOMAS.--On Thursday, Nov. 22
at 201 West 55th st., by the Rev. James B. Was
son, D. 1., Estelle Angela, daughter of Mr. ani’
Mrs. Charles H. Thomas, to Harry Brooks
“Sargeant.

 

ACKER... November 21, 1906, Augustus Acker, age!
45 years
Funeral services will be held at his late reaidenc’
York av. and 34 st., New Brighton, on Frida
evening, at 8 P.M. Interment at convenienc’

of family. Kindly omit flowers.
DELAFIELD.—On Tuesday. November 29 16%
at the home of his mother, Riverdale, New

York clty, Robert Hare Delafield, son of the |a'e
Lewis L. Delafield, in the 43d year of his age

Funeral services will be heid at Christ Church.
Riverdale.on-Hudson, Friday, November 23
at 10:30 A. M., on arrival of train leaving Grand
Central Station at 9:30 A. M. Interment pri
vate, at Woodlawn.

FARLEY .--At bis residence, 426 West End a\
Thuragay, Nov. 22, Philip H. Farley.

Funeral service at Rutgers Presbyterian Church,
Broadway and 73d st.. on Saturcry, at 1:30
Interment private. Western parers picase
copy.

FELDHAUS.—Tuesday, Nov. 20, 1906, Magdalena
née Cardel!, beloved witty of Bernard F. Feld
haus, to her 6ist year.

Puneral freza hep late residence, 2314 Belmont
av., Brons, Friday, Nov. 23, at 9:30, thence 'o
the Chureh of Our Lady of Perpetual Heip
Fast 6ist st., where a solemn requiem mass
will be offered for the repose of her soul at
10 o'clock. Interment in St, John’s, L. |.
Kindly omit flowers.

YULTON,—In New York, on Wednesday, Nov. 7
1906, Fllsha McCurdy Fulton, Jr, son of Elisha
M. and Sarah C. Fulton.

Funeral services will be held at Christ Church
Rye, N. Y., on Saturday, Nov. 24, 1006, at
o'clock, Carriages wili meet train leavine
Grand Central Station for Rye at 1:04 P. \'
Returning, leave Rye at 3:12 P.M. Interme’
private. Montreal papers please copy.

At her home, Glastonbury, Conn,, Thurs
day, Nov. 22, 1906, Mrs. Elien Elizabeth Hale, |»)
her 53d year.

Funeral private

OWFN.--Danlel M. Owen, eldest son of the lat
Dantel and Bailey Owen, died Thursday, No
22, 1906.

Funeral private.

SHORE.--On Thursday, Nov. 22, at his residence
Brewster, N. Y¥., Levi A. Shore.
Funeral from St. Andrew's Church,

f N. Y., Sunday, Nov. 25, at 3 P. M

VROOM.--At her home, Summit av., Hackensack
N.J., Thursday, Nov. 22, 1006, Mary Flanagan
wifé of George A. Vroom.

Funeral services will be held at her late residene
on Sunday, Nov. 25, at3P.M. Train stopping »
Prospect av., Hackensack, leaves Pennsytvan'*
R. R., Jersey Clty, at 1:66 P.M. Intermen
Greenwood at convenience of family.

Le
BUSINESS NOTICEs.

BAAR ARR A nnennnnnnn un nnn nnnnnnananan ane
Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children

» Softens the \s
fF cclie, aie : 2

on

Brewste