IN THE SHOW RING.

i Se .
EN HALTERS AND HARNESS BE-
FORE GARDEN THRONG.

Roe

e OTTERS
iy

bP

‘Mentacky Tod, Winner of Two-Year-Oid
Futurity, Wins for Miss Wilkes —Men-
ee archal Gains Biue Ribbon in a Great
Class of Stailions—Vanderbilt'’s Road
‘Team Has Close Shave From Defeat
by Judge Moore's Four—The Awards.

That cab horse bought by Alfred Vander-
| hilt at Syracuse last summer helped him
to win the blue ribbon at the National Horse
| Show yesterday in the strongest class of

road teams ever seen in Madison Square
Garden. Interest in the classes throughout
the day and evening was as bright and
sparkling as the beads in champagne. In
quality and variety the exhibits were the
greatest in all the types ever seen on the
. tanbark. The American trotter had a very
| prominent place in the judging, and many
| gentleman farmers and owners of fast
| roadsters appeared for the first time during
the week among the onlookers, Miss
| Katherine 1. Wilks of Galt, Ontario, dis-
‘played her great two-year-old Kentucky
“Tod, that in October won tho futurity for
bis age at Lexington. The colt started
| twice at that meeting, the only time he
has ever been to the races, and his winnings
> were $3,700.
F Keatucky Tod, who has a record of 2:14%,
- outclassed the others in the ring in looks,
© although low in flesh after the training
. stable, as much as he did on his record,
It was a foregone conclusion that he would
_ get the blue, the second prize going to
© Du Mond Boy, exhibited in the pink of show
§ condition but not a very clean stepper in
front. When Kentucky Tod returned t®
Galt from Kentucky the Mayor headed a

specia’ 1ittee of citizens to honor his | . ;
d i commi a P | and Mrs. Gerken had some reason to think

reception and they will now have further

@ause for rejoicing. Miss Wilks also won
) the blue ribbon in the class for three-year-
© old stallions with the bay colt Mograzia;
E this one was in the glossy coat and plump
' condition lacking in Kentucky Tod, while
» he made a great showing in action. This
_ ‘as natural,

a

for Mograzia is by Moko, and |

© through his dam Congrazed is descended |

* from a line of notable show horses, the
granddem having produced the celebrated

| General Blair

| championship for roadsters with Rhea W,
and Easter Bells, breeds horses at her Cana-
S dian farm purely as an amateur. Until
Plast season she was the only woman to have
» @ racing string on the Grand Circuit, but
> this, year Miss Lotta Crabtree has divided
the distinction with her. Miss Wilks saw
her horses win afd had a good time answer-
a ing the congratulations of her friends. One
) of the exhibitors in the trotting classes is
the Nebraskan breeder L. (. Kinney, whose
» gtallion Norval King was third in the after-
» moon.
Bushnell shape in black derbies, the West-
| erner rode the pony and guided his horses
% With all the vim of a boy.
No less than ten teams appeared in the
afternoon clase for the best road fours.
\ Judge Moore sprang a surprise on the
public with a gray team of unexampled
) gtyleand finish. In this class for two years,
' and at a dozen of the smaller shows, Alfred

This gray teams. It was evident that the
Judge had been quietly preparing for
» What racegoers call “a killing,” but the best
he could do was to take the second ribbon.
' “They have too much style for the road
Be and are only fit for a coaching club parade,
» ib the only disparaging comment that could
| be madeagainst the Mooreteam. Asa fact,
the same criticism would be passed on each

of the ten exhibits, for the only tradition

of the road respected by the owners was to
/. go in for odd colors and contrasts, Most
) startling in this respect was the second
§ team from the Vanderbilt stable, in which

and piebalds were crossed.

(ae aimlesely as chips in a pond,
- Endurance, speed and the ability to whirl

coach along were all if evidence in
fred Vanderbilt's team, shown to his
ite racing coach, that ran to Belmont

i, thie season. He had Storm King and

iking, of the former winning team, on the

and the leaders were Vogue and
—the latter drew Vanderbilt and

Sharles Wilson from the railroad station

) € the fair grounds at Syracuse on one occa-

last summer when they were belated
such good style that they decided the cab

» would do for coaching. They bought
nag, which turned out to be of good
fotting stock, at a fair price, and yesterday
horse did his share of the work in win-
" the blue ribbon.
' There was a great medley: of coach tunes
*from the long horns of the guards during
¢, judging of this class. The onlookers
applauded the Musical efforts quite as much
; they did the showing of the horses.
a a broom” and such old ditties were
- the favorites, but the Vanderbilt guard
»goored a great hit and brought down the
“house with a spirited rendition of “Tam-
ny.”
~ Horatio N. Bain of Poughkeepsie took
blue ribbon for two-year-old and year-
I fillies with Frances Bain and Alcina
"Robbins I1., both of his own breeding.
‘Phe latter is by bis sire Sir Robbins, a son

Stamboul, but despite a good showing
Wahis one only took the second ribbon in the

for stallions kept for service, The
aner, Monarchal, by Chimes, is a New
‘© bred horse, however; so the credit
the blue ribbon counted for New York
. Medio, unplaced in this class, now

1 @are old, has a three-year-old record
1 44%, made in the Kentucky Futurity
that year, in which the horse took two

_ Gentlemen riders had a place in the after-
np and evening classes on hunters and

Blo panies, and the interest in the judging
of secondary interest with their friends
the showing made by the amateurs.

, n also rode, and in a saddle
class of as high quality as the ring
ever seen. Brigand, ridden by Miss

n Holloway, won his second blue

of the week. This i# a six-year-old

i by Belvidere, dam Livonia, and
ied by James Galway. Like the parents,
figand has raced in the colors of the Preak-
Oo amateur drivers are overlooking the
farms in searching for new high-
pers, in the opinion of Secretary God-

of the American Hackney Morse

piety. :
We are importi 80 many hackneys
C the New York show,” said
. God a the question naturally
«3, Are American breeders to continue
owing such imported material
h no ter success than has resulted
- late? and are we to depend upon im-
uted hackneys, stallions at any rate,
aoe ear to provide. sensational
tui e have been sixteen years at
® business of breeding in large numbers
the Eastern stock farms, and still we take
our hats to imported , 48 a general

sportemen like to see the

and y compete against

our Show is to be-

why not bold bere » dupil-

why no’ a -
ternational

‘eate c posed ini affair,
pou we tiny vee on this side of the At.
parade

laatic all the wonderful horses that

> Vanderbilt has had a walkover with one of |

Guards
in brilliant liveries who tooted horns helped
) to enliven the scene and recall the atmos-
of the road. Two of the coaches were

plowed by cock horses, useful on hilly

, but in the show ring drifting about

Full bearded and wearing the latest |

| among the older horses.

SS SE SSS sg ss seh Sls SS ss

Miss Wilks, who three years ago won the | the important breeding industry

f
We respecttully solicit ac-
counts of Individuals, Firms
and Corporations, giving to
the requirements of each
careful attention.

The Trust Company
of America

135 Broadway, New York
26 Wall St... New York
OS Gresham St., London, E. C.

CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $12,500,0 0.

 

over there before English entbusiasts.
Granted we are buying the newly imported
horses right along, but why not patronize
also the Smerican breeding establishments
and bring home bred material to maturity
in prize winning form. We shall never
get away from first principles if we are
not content with producing stock of our
own, There are thousands of good hack-
neys in this country and stock produced
by them. Is the love of the sensational
alwene to predominate here? and is our
appetite for something new from abroad
never to be satisfied?

THE DAY WITH THE JUDGES,

Trotting and Road Team Classes Provide
Great Competition,

First of the classes of special interest to
breeders of horses were two in the pony
division. ‘That for Shetland mares, some
of which had foals no larger than New-
foundland dogs with them in the ring, was
won by T. L. Watt, Jr.’s Donna Fortuna,
a winner at other shows and typical of the
rugged breed. In the stallion class, to be
shown with three of their get, for breeds
other than Shetlands Doncaster Model led
no less than six of his produce in the
ring, the showing making ,two exhibits,

 

 

that she would take both the first and second
ribbons. The blue, however, went to the
entry of Eben D. Jordan, the Bostonian,
who sent in Dilham Prime Minister and three
well furnished and typical young st®ppers
asa bodyguard.

American trotters followed the English
type into the ring. There were fifty en-
tries in the six classes that filled in the
interval to the intermission for luncheon,
and as a lot they were representative of
The in-
terest of the onlookers was remarkable
during these and the trotting horse classes
of the afternoon in view of the slim oppor-
tunity New Yorkers gave to witness light
harness racing. There was a wide distri-
bution of the blue ribbons, W. R. Murray
of Canastota, N. Y., won the blue for the
class for brood mares with Kilia, by Kremlin,
and bred by William Russell Allen, the New
England breeder. The Poughkeepsie
breeder Horatio N. Bain scored with two
from his own farm, Alcina Robbins II.
and Frances Bain. Miss K. L. Wilks of
Canada had easy wins with the two-year-
old Kentucky Tod and the three-year-old
Mograzia, both well deserved. In Ken-
tucky Tod's class Rhythmic Bell, one of
the Wilkes family, made a good showing,
but was only fourth.

Stallions kept for service brought out ten
entries when this class was judged in the
afternoon. The Westchester stallion Algen,
a noted roadster, was one of the candidates,
but he lacked substance when ranged
The Hamlins of
Buffalo, although no longer in the breeding
industry, had representatives in the blood
lines of two of the four to win ribbons.
The blue went to Monarchal, by Chimes,
a winner in this ring in this class
for the Hamlins more than once, and
owned by the estate of D. 8. Hammand,
Horatio N. Bain's well known Sir Robbins,

by Stamboul, was second, while the
entry of the Nebraska breeder L. C.
Kinney, Norval King, a big bay with

steady action, was third. Fourth prize
went to the black stallion Lorenzo Hamlin,
who moved with such freedom and re-
vealed Such smooth conformation that
many thought this entry should have been
higher in the placing. The sire of this
horse, Dare Devil, as with Chimes, the sire
of Monarchal, has won in this class at
earlier shows for the Hamlins. The dam
of Lorenzo Hamlin, Belle Hamlin, with
Justinia, held for some years the world's
record for pairs, and the two with Glode
held the record for three horses as a team,
Lorenzo Hamlin has the action and looks
worthy of his lineage.

The class for road teams had ten entries,
possibly the largest exhibit of this type
ever seen in this country. The contenders
were led into the ring by Judge Moore,
with four grays to a yellow coach. The
leaders were particularly showy and stylish,
going so lightly that there was reason for
their names of Ping and Pong. The wheelers
were unnamed and of a darker shade of
gray than the leaders, with their requisite
strength and handiness for their position
before the coach.: Otto H. Kahn showed
three chestnuts and a roan to a red coach,
the Fias, Doerr & Carroll Company had
two snappy roans in the lead and a bay
and chestnut wheeler before a yellow coach;
John 8. Bratton of Sta Louis four browns
and J. Campbell Thompson showed chest-
nuts and grays with park quality. There
were two Vanderbilt entries, Charles Wil-
son drove a well matched and oddly colored
team of grays and piebalds, and Alfred
Vanderhijt four grays, named Vogue, Cabby,
Storm King and Viking.

The teams whirled the coaches about
on the loose and clinging tanbark, the
going corresponding to a dusty road, with
an ease to prove their pace and substance,
while their good manners were apparent at
a glance. he contest for the a ty ribbon
was in a duel between the teams driven by
Alfred Vanderbilt and Judge Moore. The
former has not been defeated for two years
with his gray team in road coach classes,
but thia time, in which appointments were
not considered, he only won by a narrow
margin. Judge Moore's four had the most
style, but the Vanderbilt outfit went along
steadily and evinced the ability to answer
any quéstion that might be put to them in
wecition a coach. The judges gave the
blue ribbon to this team, an award that
could not be questioned, and Judge Moore
received the red.

E. T. Stotesbury of Philadelphia, who
had been forced to take second ribbon
with his mares Leonora and Letty Lee in
the roadster classes for pairs, won his
first blue ribbon of the week with the hand-
some and smooth stepping mare Preferred,
driven by George Webb, in the clasa for
single roadsters, appointments not to be
consideged. Richard F. Carman, hitherto
most co@spicuous at the show as anfamateur
whip in the heavy harness classes, took
second prize with the dainty stepping bay
mare Miss Daisy. The Plainfield mare,
Miss Banahan, twice a winner of blue
ribbons this week when paired with Mise
Wescott, was third, and Alfred B. Maclay
took the fourth ribbon with the young
chestnut mare Alea, that had won for
him at the White Plaina show. The class
had a large entry and to win in it was a
distinction for eferred, although this
bay mare has won at New York and Chicago
in similar classes before. The lot Pre
ferred beat yesterday was full of quality.

There «ere but five competitors in the
class for jadies’ saddle horses, exceedine
15.1 hands, but the quality could not havg
been excelled. J. W. Harriman had in the
two champion saddle mares of many shows
May Morning and Corinnes Rufus L. Patter-
son sent in Corotoman, Mias C. Adelaide
Doremus had in Lady MacDonald, and
James G. Marshall had two entries, Brigand
and Lady Baker, while to end the string
came the bay mare Jane, owned by Law-
rence Jones of Louisville. The judge
tested the class thoroughly and wit the
ye of an ish horseman for
he thoroughbred as the ideal park hack
he misled’ st’ the blue to maene, to
the undoing of the former champions.

Hunters were subjected to the hard

 

 

|
|

 

 

blue ribbon. This mare is one of the lithe,
active sort, and a contrast to the two raking
hunters owned by E. H. Wetherbee, Rupert,
a 16.2 hand black gelding, and Pearl, a 16
hand bay mare, which were respectively
second and third. The two took the ob-
stacles in a slashing style that have gained
distinction for them over the stone fences
of Westchester county. Charles Hart of
the Richmond Count unt, took the fourth
ribbon with his well known gelding Fox
Catcher, a clever jumper brought from
Ireland a couple of seasons ago.

An afternoon harness horse class, entries
to exceed 15.2 hands, was for non-winners
at this show. Blue ribbon winners at many
other shows, however, had the ring. Judge
Moore showed one of the Forest King sort
in the imported gelding Whytegate Majesty,
winning the blue. The haroess class for
ponies, 12 and not over 13 hands, was an
easy win for J. W. Harritman's well known
champion, Lady Eccles, the outstandin
one of the lot entered. Polo ponies clo
the afternoon and opened the evening ses-
sion. Squadron A _ poloists took all
four ribbons. The Squadron team won
the class for three ponies from ‘one
polo club in the eveni L. J. Hunt's
entries doing the as. b E. Stoddart’s
lot from the New Haven Polo Club, E. A.
Stern riding, were placed second over two
other teams from the Squadron.

Some excitement was caused while pairs
of harness horses owned by dealers were
being judged. Several had nm given the
gate and among these was a pair of bays,
Just So and So It, owned by the Union
Coach Horse Company and driven by J.
Kennedy. As they turned quickly at the
eastern end of the ring both horses went
down and in a second both were ‘kicking
vegereney. The grooms with difficulty
quieted them, but before they could be un-
harnessed they started kicking again and
Just So broke loose, It took some time to
disentangle the harness and get the wrecked
rig out of the ring. Neither horse was
seriously hurt.

The winner in this class was Lehman
Strauss, who showed a slashing good pair
of bays, Delight and_ Delightful. John

le was second,with Banker and Broker,

rotters with a record of 2:30 or better
came next, and this time E, T, Bedford
scored a win with King Axworthy, by Ax-
worthy, with a reeurd of 2:15%,. Algen
was second, owned by Dunleavy Milband,
and Wycombe, owned by William Silver,
was third,

There were four out of the sixteen entered
that competed for the Brewster prize for
pa shown before a phaeton. Alfred G.

anderbilt drove his pair, Polly Prim and
Primrose. In this class the judges had
power to reject any entry that failed to
come up tostandard in quality and manners,
or in harness, carriages, liveries, &c. The
Vanderbilt pair failed on appointments
and got the gate for the first time this week.
The prize was won by Lord Baltimore and
My Maryland. JW. Harriman’s Laughing
Water and (‘hieftain were second and Best
nore Vanderbilt's Barrington and Irving
third.

Hicks A. Weatherbee’s Little Minister
was the winner of the blue in the saddle
class in a small field. Black Squirrel was
second and The Master third.

Seereggneres hunters wound up the
show. The class was for those qualified
through having hunted and for horses suit-
able to become hunters. Conformation
and performances counted. They were
tried at a single hurdle and an in and out,
at which some of the horses balked. Little
Fred was the first tried, but he refused,
much to the amusement of the spectators.

Then Oneiros,ridden by C. Holloway, gave
a fine exhibition. Most of the others had
some trouble with the in andout. Oneiros
is by imported Morpheus, and he won the
blne. Henry V. Colt’s two, Nivolic, by
Eolic, and Centipede, by Goldfellow, were
not quite good enough, and were placed
second and third, and Fred. W. Okie's
Jubilant, by imported Mirthful, was highly
commended,

 

 

SOCIETY A BIG FEATURE,
Boxes and Seats Filled and the Beard-

walk Crowded,

The evening house was the biggest of the
week. The crowd on the walk was so great
that it was slow work getting around the ring.
Every one who was any one was there, and
every one was admired.

PRAY, IVePV Ee

picture hat.
Mias Caroline Fello wore a white
satin costume and a white hat — with
Mrs. W. E. Carter of Philadelphia wore
turquoise blue chiffon trimmed with white

Mrs. Payne Thompson wore a smoke
colored cloth costume.

Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hollister entertained
in their box, No. 40, Miss Silvia Parsons,
Miss Page, Mies Dix, Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Hollister, Jr., Shelton Whitehouse, Edmund
Rogers, Peroy Pyne and Buell Hollister.

It was a big house yes y afternoon
and evening. Thursday is always the star
day and in the afternoon the walk was
crowded so that the box holders had little
opportunity to promenade and had to be
cuatens i sit wn be watched and > “me
the parade. ‘he regularsfjwere a. there
and every box was occupied. The seats,
too, at the back of the boxes were well
filled and so was the baloony.

Mrs. Hans Weidenfeldt wore a gown of
cream lace and chiffon and a yellow hat
trimmed with brown velvet and brown
plumes.

Mrs. Frederick Edey wore a gown of
gray broadcloth and white lace anda plumed

at.

   

Mrs. Sidney Dillon Ripley had on a black
and white striped costume, a gray hat and
sable furs.

Mrs. Celeste Eustis wore a costume of

ray chiffon and cloth and a gray plumed

t

Mrs. C. B. Alexander wore a brown broad-
cloth gown and a small brown hat trimmed
with browa plumes.

Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt, who had one
of her small boys in the box with her, wore
a costume of green cloth and velvet and
asmallhattomatch. The boy was dressed
as a sailor and applauded heartily when
his father drove his road coach to victory.

Miss Isabel May had on a gown of did
— broadcloth, a mink turban and mink

urs,

Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr.; worea rather
severe tailored costume of black broad-
cloth and a round black hat.

Mrs. Elisha Dyer, Jr., wore a
tan cloth trimmed with tan brai
hat to match.

Mrs. John McCullough wore a costume
of black broadcloth and chiffon and a hat
of black wings.

Mrs. Oliver Harriman wore black broad-
cloth and a sable toque hat trimmed with
roses and sable furs.

Mrs. W. B. Leeds had on a black broad-
cloth gown and felt hat with an ostrich
tip on one side.

Mrs. James E. Martin wore black cloth,
a brown bird hat and black fox furs.

Miss Anna Sands wore black cloth and
a black plumed hat. Mrs. maney Smith
wore white lace and a silver gray hat with
plumes,

The men, too, have attracted some atien-
tion during the week by their many cos-
tumes and a well dressed man at. the show
must be as careful as the women to avoid
criticiam. Reginald Vanderbilt invariably
wears a check suit morning and afternoon
and a dress suit in the evening, which he
covers with an overcoat when driving in
the ring. Alfred G. Vanderbilt affects a
horsey costume during the day too, and
yesterday had on a coat and hat that re-
sembled very much the costumes of the
old time coachman. This was because he
had to tool his road coach.

Creighton Webb, who never misses a
show, wears a sack suit in the morning, a
frock coat in the afternoon, varied some-
times by a cutaway.

Hamilton W. Cary always wears black,
morning, afternoon and evening. His bow
is a most profound one and it rivals that of
J. Campbell Thompson, who affects horsey
costumes.

One of the most particular men at t he
show is George Drakeley, popularly called
the Baron, because of his connection with
the Germans who came here to place the
order for the Kaiser's Meteor, Baron
Drakeley appeared the first day with a
regulation frock coat and silk hat. His
appointments were perfect. That evening
he had on a dress suit and his waistcoat was
adream. The next day be had ona modest
check sack suit and yesterday he wore a
walking coat of subdued hue. The Baron
knows everybody and everybody knows
the Baron.

Among other well dressed men are H. V.
Colt, the English judge; F. Vivian Gooch,
who always " his spure on; Elisha Dyer,
W. B. Leeds, William H. Moore, J. W. Harri-
man, C, W. Watson and Richard F, Carman,

own of
and a

 

 

 

THE AWARDS,
PONY ‘STALLIONS AND BROOTD MARES.
Class 92- Stalliens, 3 years old or over, not ex

) ceeding 12.1 hands; shown tn band—First prize,

| $100,

In the crowd were Mrs. Frederick Martin |

Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Austen Gray, Worth-
ington Whitehouse, Mr. and |Mre." J. E,
Widener and Mr. and Mrs. George Widener
of Philadelphia, Mr. and Mrs, Frederick
©. Beach, Mr. and Mrs. James B. Taylor,
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Leeds, Mr. and Mrs.
Elisha Dyer, Jr., Miss Laura Swan, Mr.
and Mrs. Jules A. Montant, Mr. and Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt, Jr., Mr. and Mrs,
W. D. Sloane, Mr. and Mrs, Oliver Harri-
man, Mr. and Mrs. Reginald Vanderbilt,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt, Mr,
and Mrs. E. Berry Wall, Mr. and Mrs,
Frederick H. Allen, Col. and Mrs, W. H.
Rowe, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Van
Schaick, Mr. and Mre. James J. Coogan,
Mise Jessie Coogan, Mr. and Mrs. F. Burrall
Hoffman.

Mrs. Frederick Pearson; Mr. and Mra.
Charlies A. Childs, Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Stevens, Major Creighton Webb, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank C. Bishop, Mr. and Mrs. William
Pollock, Mr. and Mrs. Trenor L. Park, Mr.
and Mrs. Frederick G. Bourne, J. Clinch
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Reginald W. Rives,
Mr. and Mrs. John J. Wysong, Mr. and Mre.
John Alexandre, Mr. and Mrs. BK. H.
Weatherbee, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Halsey,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Stevens Ulmann, Mr. and
Mrs. Ralph N. Ellis, E. T. Bedford, Miss
Emily H. Bedford, Mr. and Mrs. James Lee
Tailer, Mr. and Mrs. H _H. Hollister, H. V.
Colt, A. B. Maclay, Cornelius Fellowes, Mr,
and Mra. B. Aymar Sands, Hamilton W.
Cary, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Bacon, Mr. and
Mrs. E. D. Morgan, Robert Lawrence Cut-
ting.

L. J. Hunt, C. W. Watson, Lawrence
Jones, J. Campbell Thompson, RK. Penn
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hitchcock, Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Herbert, James A.
Cochrane, John E. Cowdin, John G, Heck-
echer, Mr. and Mrs. F. K. Sturgis, Preacott
Lawrence, Eben D. Jordan, Mrs. E. Ker-
nochan and Capt. W. H. Evans.

Miss Adele Ritchie has been a constant
attendant at the show and occupies a seat
in a box on the north side of the Garden.
Her costumes have attracted much atten-
tion on account of their richness. Last
night she wore a beautiful figured silk
gown and white picture hat. Her ornaments
were diarnonds. She has worn a different
costume at each session of the show so far.

Mrs. Elisha Dyer wore a gown of lavender
silk and chiffon and a lavender hat trimmed
with pink plumes.

Mrs. W. leeds wore a costume of
chiffon and lace and a brown hat trimmed
with brown plumes and roses. Her orna-
ments were diamonds.

Mrs. Oliver Harriman wore a costume
of cream lace and black silk and a large
picture hat with black plumes, She wore
no ornaments.

Miss Morosini_wore a gorgeous costume
of white lace trimmed with empire wreaths
of gold and a string of diamonds.

Mira Thomas Hitchcock, Jr., wore a
gown of gray chiffon anda gray hat trimmed
with plumes to match.

Miss Mabel Gerry wore a black costume
and a black hat. Miss Angelica Gerr
wore gray and blue figured silk and a blac’
hat trimmed with white plumes

Mrs, Russell Hopkins wore another Empire
gown of white chiffon trimmed with salmon

| gilk and a black hat with black plumes.

Ee

Her ornaments were diamonds.

Mrs. J. E. Widener wore a lace costume
trimmed with gray silk and touched with
green velvet. She had a black hat trimmed
with blue plumes.

Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt had a costume
of white lace trimmed with black silk and
a black hat trimmed with roses and plumes.

Mrs. Charles Rowe wore a costume of
lace and black silk and a black picture hat.

ra. Frederick Edey wore a gown of
black silk trimmed with white lace and a
black hat trimmed with white plumes.

Mise Emily H. Bedford wore a gown of

|
|
|

 

|

|
|
|
|

MS ae alliance el oe
;

   

Herkelem Bantam, b, s., 11.3%, hands aged
William H. Moore, Secand prize, $50, Doncaster
Model, b. s., 11.3 hands, aged, Mrs. John Gerken.
Third prize, $25, Mar Il., bik. 8., 12.1 bands, 6 years;
T. L. Watt. Highly commended, Clark, b. s.,
11.3 hands, 5 years, IP. L. Watt.

Class #3 Stallions, 3 years old or over, exceed
ing 12.1 hands and not exceeding 14.2 hands; shown
in band First prize, $100, Horace, Jr., br. 8., 14.14
hands, 4 years; S. A. Fletcher, Second prize,
$80, Oak Ripple, br. s., 14,1 hands, 5 years; Carr
Hiros, Third prize, $25, Torehlight, b. 8, 13.3
hands, 6 years; Mrs. John Gerken. Highly com-
mended, Cocksparrow, b. 6., 18.3 hands, 6 years
Mrs. John Gerken.

Class #4—Brood mares (other than Shetlands),
not exceeding 14.2 hands; must be in foai or have
produced a foal in 1906; shown tn hand- First prize,
$®), Lady Kitty, b. m., 14 hands, 12 years; Eben
I), Jordan, Second prize, $40, Towthorpe Nellie,
b. m., 11.3 hands, 5 years; Mrs, John Gerken,

Class 0%. Shetland stallions (must be regisicred),
not exceeding 46 Inches, shown tn hand~ First
prize, $80, Ellersiie of Pittsford, bik., 40 inches,
aged, islnore Farm. Second prize, $40, Grand
Duke, bik., 39 Inches, 5 years, Miss Watt. Third
prize, $20, Bressay of Pittsford, br., 38 Inches, 11

years; Mrs. KE. F. Hawley Highly commended,
Moonbeam, b., 3% inches, 6 years, Edward ‘Trotter
Price

Class %—Shetland brood mares (must be regis
tered), not exceeding 46 Inches; must be in foal
or Lave produced a foal In 1906; shown in hand
First prize, $80, Donna Fortuna, bik., 30 Inches,
& vears, T. L. Watt, Jr. Second prize, $40, Martha
M., blk., 3®@ Inches, 12 years, Miss Watt, Third
prize, $20, Shadeland Vesta, ro., 42 inches, 5 years,
Sbadelawo Pony Farm. Highly’ commended, Caro-
line, bik., 41 inches, 13 years, Miss Watt.

Class ¥i-- Pony stallions (other than Shetlands),
not exceeding 14.1 hands, to be shown with (ree
of thelr get, shown In hand—First prize; $150,
Dibam Prime Mintster, br., 13.3 hands, aged, get

 

Lady J)iiham, Wintham Lad and Dainty Eccles;
Fbhen Lb. Jordan, Second prize, $75, Doncaster
Model, b., 11.2 hands, aged, get Neille, Dorey
and one unnamed; Mrs, Jobn Gerken. Third

prize, $35, Doncaster Model, b., 11.2 hands, aged,
get three unnamed; Mrs. John Gerken,
TROTTERS (BREEDING CLASSES)

Class 6 Stallions 3 years old (foaled in 1903); to
be shown tn hand or by the side of a saddle horse
First prize, $150, Mograzia, b., 15.3 hands, by Moko,
dam Congrazed; Miss K. L, Wilkes. Second prize,
$75, Hernle Murray, br., by Monorchal, dam
Raroness Ethel; W. R. Murray, agent. ‘Third prize,
$35, M. H. K., ch., by Medio, dam_ Kila; —
Murray, agent. Highly commended, Endure More,
br., 16.2'4 hands, by Merion, dam Lrookdale Queen;
L. C, Sintth,

Class 6 Stallions 2 years old (foaled tn 1904); to

be shown tn hand or by the side of a saddle horse
First prize, $100, Kentucky Tod, bik., by Todd,
dam Paronella; Miss K._L. Wilkes. Second prize,
50, Du Mond Boy, »., by Gayton Boy, dam Leonette;
firs. W. F. Du Mond. Third prize $25, unnamed
chestnut, 15 hands, by Reilint, dam Grace Hopkins
Hillandale Farm?! Highly commemed, Khyth
mick, blk., 15.3 hands, by Rythmic, dam Cornelia
Belle; Mark W. Potter

Class 7- Fillies 3 years old (foaled tn 1908); shown
im hand or by the side of a saddle horse-- First prize,
$15), Mayure Medico, b.. by Medto, dam aud
Mast; W. R. Murray, agent. Second prize, $75,
Nora Bellini, ch., 15.1 hands, by Bellin!, dam Car
menctta; Hillanddale Parm. Third prize, $35, Cola
Mosby, ch., 15.2 hands, by El Hadji, dam Lalla
Rookh: A. R. Gtilts. Highly commended, Gena
Sprague, b. 15.1 bands, by Prince Eugene, dam
Ethel Sprague: A, F. Bradley.

Class S- afilies, 2 years old (foaled in 1904); to
be shown in hand or by the side of 4 saddle horse
First prize, $100, Francis Bain, br., 15 hands, by
Master Flect, dam Carry !. Medium; Horatio N,
Bain, Second prize, $0. Anita G., oh., 15.1 bands,
by Nutwood, dam Sis Nutwood: A. R. Gillis. Third

rize, $25, Muyure Gaton, b., by Gayton Boy, dam

innie Clay. W. R. Murray, agent. Highly com
mended, Cectila Bellini, ch., 16.1 hands, by Bellini,
dam Cecil McGregor: Hilbandale Farm

Class 0 —Colts or Allies, 1 year old (foaled in 1905);
to be shown tn hand or by the side of a saddie
horse. First prize, $100, Aicina Robbins 1i.. b. {.,
15 hands, by Sir Robbina, dam Alcina; Horatio
N. Hain. Second prize, &0, Hope Axworthy,
eh. c., 14 hands, by Axworthy, dam Lady Powell;
Frnest T. White bird prize, $25, One Two Three,

   

b. f., by Medio, dam Rose Conarch; W. R. Murray,
agent Highly c@mmended, Monarcbial's Bonnie,
e:, by Monarchial, dam Bonny Fthel; W. R

} Murray, agent

Class 10--Hrood mares, 4 years old or over; must
be In foal or have produced a foal tn 1908-- \"irst
prize, $100, Killa, b., 11 years, by Kremlin, dam
uutn, W. R. Murray, agent. Second prize, 0,
Sis Nutwood, ch., 15.1 hands, aged, by Pilot, Jr.,
dam Pilot Lady; A. R. Gillis. ‘Third prize, $25,
Monesta, b., 9 years. by Mendocino, dam Faster,

Hillandale Varm Pp hly commended, Rhea W.,
bh. 15.8 hands. aged, by Woodford Wilkes, dam
Prettacien; Miss K. L. Wilkes

Class 4 -Stallions, 4 years old or over, kept for
aecrvice; to be shown In hand or by the side of a
sdafaiie borse; stallions having taken a first prize
as “our-year olds or over tn the breeding classes
at any of the association's previous shows not
eligible First prize, $200, Medio, b. #., 16 hands,

3 . by Pilot Medium, dam Lady Fpicure
w. Rk , agent. Second prize, $100, Sir
Robbins, b. 8. 15.2 hands, 9 years, by Stamboul,
dam Addie Lee |1.; Horatio N. Bain. Third prize,
$50, Norval King, b.#., 1! years. Dy Norval, dam
Hulle, Jr: L. C. Kinney. Highly commended.

renzo Hamlin, ch. s., 15.3 Thee by Dare

MEAVY BARNESA.
Class! 121—Novice class; horses eaceeding 16.2

dam Belle Hamlin; A. F. Br

     

    

sls
7 TT LT

You can work
52 weeks in the
year and enjoy
it if you

work at a
Hale Desk.

HALE DESK CO.,>

IS STONE ST., next Produce Exchang

—_—_—_—_—— EEE

hands; open only to horses that have never taken
a ribbon at any of the association's previous shows;
they must have been owned and used by tae ex
hibitor for at least ninety days before the closing
of entries; not to dealers; shown to appro-
riate vehicles—First prize, $100, Whytegate Ma
esty, b. g., 15.244 hands, 6 years, William fh. Moore;
driven by owner. Second prize, 875, K .
,» 15.2\4 hands,  yeeee, Edward Knierlem;
driven by owner. ‘Th rize, $85, Bluebell, b.
s, Tonzo Sauvage: driven

m., 16.249 hands, 6 years,
by tous es ighly commended, The Dic-\
tator, b. § 214 hands, 7 years, Reginald Van-

ven by owner.
PONIES IN HARNESS.

Class 65—Ponies 12 hands and not paceeding
43 hands; 4 yeara old or over; must be practically
sound, have good manners and be shown to appre -
priate’ vehicles—First prize, $80, Lady Eccles, Dr.,
m., 13 hands, 6 years, J. W. Harriman; driven by
J. Donnelly. Second prize, $40, Welsh Princess,
bik. m., 12.2 hands, 8 years, Elsinore Farm; driven
by G. W. Wilson, Third prize, $20, Helen Miller,

. 12.2 hands, 6 years, C. W, Watson; driven
by F.T. Mitchell. Highly commended, Prince
Arthur, br. g., 12.9 hands, 5 years, Mise Mattie
Watt; driven by F. Winterbottom.

ROADBTERS.

Class 12—Horses, ¢ years old or ano By un to

dervilt; d

harness or Wagon; @ roagster should not under
15 hands; conformation, substance,.style ess:
manners, action, bitting and shoeing and they
are and appear at time of showing In_ the 3ing
considered tn Judging— First gris. $160, Preferte".
b. m., 15.2 hands, 6 years, E. T. Stotesbury, drivey
by G. M. Webb. Second prize, $75, Miss Daisy,
b. m, 15.2 hands, 6 years, Richard F. Carman,
driven by owner. Third prize, $35, Miss Banaban,
b. m., 15.2 hands, 9 years, W. J. Buttfeld, driven by
isaac Fleming. Highly commended, Alca, ch. m.,
15.2 hands, Alfred B, Maciay, driven by owner.
JUMPERS.

Class 110--For the hest performance of hunters
or jumpers over six fences) two at five feet, two
at five feet six Inches and two at six feet; to carry
a minimum —aee of 140 pounds— First prize,
$200, The Wasp, b. g., 18.3 hands, 5 ye Crow
and Murray, ridden by J. Hamilton, Secon prise.
$100, Hupert, blk. g. 16.2 hands, 8 years, FE. H.
Weatherbee, ridden by W. Carberry. Third prize,
$50, Pearl, br. «., 16.8 hands, aged, A. H. Weather-
bee, ridden by W. Carberry. ighly commended,
Fox Catcher, br. g., 15.3 hands, 8 years, Hart Bros.,
ridden by Charles Hart.

FOUR IN HANDS.
Class 61—For the best road team; must be shown
before a coach; horses should have substance,
pace and good manners and not be under 15 bands
First prize, $250 Vogue, Cabby, Storm King
and Viking, Oakland Farm, driven by Alfred G.
Vanderbilt. Second prize, $125, Ping, Pong and
two unnamed, William H. Moore, driven by owner.
Third prize, $60, Red Roan, Go Light, Patience and
Regent, Otto H. Kahn, driven by Francois Guillot,
Highly commended, Pioneer, Faugh a Ballagh
Brander and Pilot Belmont, J. Campbell Thompson,
driven by owner

SADDLE MONSES
Class 78—Ladies’ saddle horses, exceeding 15.1
hands, 4 years old or over; must be practically
sound: judged by their quality, manners and ability
to carry welght; manners to count 50 per cent.,
conformation 25 per cent, and Quanity 26 per cent.;
paces required a free open walk, square trot and
easy canter--First prize, $150, Brigand, ch. g.,°15.2
hands, 7 years, James G. Marshall, ridden by Miss
Marion Holloway. Second prize, $75, Corinne, ch.
m., 15.2 hands, 7 years; 4. W. Harriman, ridden by
Miss Belle Beach. Third prize, $35, Lady Mclon
ald, b. m., 15.2'o hands, 7 years; Miss C. Adelaide
lhoremus, ridden by owner. Highly commended,
Jane, b. m., 15.2\4 hands, 4 years; Lawrence Jones ,
ridden by Miss T. L. Van Wick.
Class 76--Cobs, not under 14.1 hands and not
exceeding 14.3 hands, 4 years old or over, up to
carrying and to carry not less than 180 pounds
First prize, $100, Little Minister, b. § , 14.2 hands,
7 years: Hicks A. Weatherbee; ridden by Dantel
Coen. Second prize, $50, Black Squirrel, bik. g..
14.1'¢ hands, 6 years; Thomas J. Ryan; ridden by
J. McDonald. Third prize, $25, The Master, b. g.,
14.1 hands, Aged; P. H. Davis, agent; fdden by
Miss Beatrice Frothingbam,

POLO PONIES,
Class &8—Polo pontes, up to carrying 200 Ibs;
to be judged for their manners, handinesa and
conformation-—-First prize, $100, Monte Carlo, gr. ¢.,
14.2 hands, Squadron A, N.G. 5S. N. ¥., by Leavitt J.
Hunt: ridden by lL, J, Hunt, Second prize, $50,
Me Joe, gr. z., Joseph Howland Hunt; ridden by
Leavitt J. Hunt. Third prize, $25, Montoz, b. ¢.,
cC. M. Talbot, ridden by L. J. Hunt. Highly com
mended, Snip, b. g.; J. Howland Hunt, ridden by
L. J. Hunt.
Class §0— Teams of three polo pontes represent
ing a polo club, to be ridden by members of the

pcp A SSS ccs

Polo Pony Assoctation-—-First prize, $100, Big Joe,
Montey and Ula, Squadron A, by Leavitt J. Hunt
ridden by L. J. Hunt. Second prize, $0, Sweet

heart, Spotted Wolf and Dodger, New Haven Polo
Club, by L. EF. Stoddard; ridden by FE. A. Stern,
Third prize, $25, Lasca, Bambino and Sunny, Squad
ron A, by Alfred Borden; ridden by Alfred Borden
Highly commended, Sunbeam, Montez and Sun
gieam, Squadron A, by Robert Cutting Lawrence
ridden by R. C. Lawrence
HARNESS HORSES,
Class 42--Pairs of horses exceeding 15.2 hands;
open to dealers only--First prize, $200, Delight
b. g., 15.2!6 hands, 7 years, and Delightful, b. ¢..
15.2%) hands, 8 years; Lehrnan Strauss, driven by
Fr. G. Paimer. ‘Seeond prize, $100, Banker, b. g.,
15.3'6 hands, 7 years, and Broker, b. ¢., 15.3'e hanes
6 years: John Doyle, drived by owner. Third
prize, &, Ponty, br. @., 15.8'4 hands, 6 years; Per
fection, br. g., 15.349 hands, 7 years, Fiss, Doerr &
Carroll Co.; driven by A. de Cernea. Highly com
mended, Action, b. g., 16 hands, 6 years. and Value,
b. g., 16 hands, 6 years; George Watson, driven by
owner
Class 120--Brewster prize, for pair of horses
(mares or geldings); to be shown before a demi-
mall, spider or Stanhope phaeton, for park use;
horses to count 30 per cent., and to be practically
sound, with good manners; carriages, 40 per cent;
harness, 20 per cent,; servants’ liveries, &c., 2
per cent; if in the opinion of the judges an exhibit
js absolutely deticient in any one of the above
qualifications such exbibit shall not be considered;
the entire exhibit must be the foe of the ex
hibitor—First prize, $200, Lord Baitimore, b. g¢.,
15.1% hands, 7 years, and My Maryland, b. g., 15.2
hands, 6 years; C. W. Watson, driven by Everett
Everett. Second prize, $100, Laughing Water, br
m., 15.2 hands, 6 years, and Chieftain, br. g., 14.2
hands, 6 years; J. W, Harriman, driven by J. Don
nelly Third prize, $0, Barrington, b. g., 15.2 hands,
6 years, and Irving, b. g., 15.2 hands, 6 years; Regi
nald Vanderbilt, driven by owner.
TROTTERRS, DRIVING CLARB,
Class 11--Statiions, mares or geldines, 3 years
old or over, with a record of 2 or better; to be
shown tn harness; maist be standard and registered;
records not to be considered-—First prize, $250,
King Axworthy, b. g.. 15.3 hands, 5 years, by Ax-
worthy, dam Colatta: F. T. Hedford: driven by
R. L. Wililams. Second prize, 6125, Algen, ch. s.,
15.2 hands, 7 years, by Allerton, dam_ Gemorah;
Dunleavy Milbank: driven by owner. Third prize,
840, Wycombe, b. 8, 15.3 hands, 6 years, by Arena,
dam Embiem: Wililam Silver; driven by W. N.
Weaver. Highly commended, Clementine, b. m.,
14.34 hands, 7 years, by How Bells, dam Morning
Glory; Lawrence Jones; driven by W. S. Roberts.
HUNTER,
Class 102—Thoroughbreds; open to qualified
hunters and to horses aultable to become hunters:
conformation and quality to count 50 per cent;
performance over fences, SO Yr cent., horses
entered tn this class muat be registered in the stud
book of thoroughbreds. First ptrze, $200, Onelros,
ch. g., 1.8 hands, 7 years,, Westchester Farm,
ridden by Sidney Holloway. Second prize, 8100,
Nivolic, ch. g., 16 hands, 3 years, Henry V. Colt,
ridden by J, Flynn, ird prize, $50, Centipede,
b. g., 16 hands, 4 years, Henry V. Colt, ridden by
J. Flynn. Highly commended, ,fubilant, ch. ¢.,
15.3 hands, 4 years, Fred W. Okie, ridden by owner

PROGRAMME FOR 10-D4Y.

Judging four pairs of ponies in harness,

10:10 A. M.— Judging four pairs of Shetland
ponies In harness, class 48.

10:20 A. M,--Judging hackney stallions for the
Challenge cup, class 14.

10 A. M.

10:35 A. M.—Judging trotters, stallions, for the
championship, class 2.

10m) «6A. M.-—dudging twenty-seven harness
horses, class 41.

11:20 A. M.~dudging seven horses sultable for
cavalry service, class 115,

11:45 A, M,- Judging seventeen harness horses

driven by ladies. clate 124.
inl BP, M.~ Judging twelve horses sufable to
become hunters, heavyweight, class 105.

12:0 PB. Judging nine horses suftable to
become hunters, middleweight, class 106,

1 P, M.—Kecess

2 PP. M.— Judging twenty-one harness horses,
class 34

230 P M Judging four trotters, stallions,
shown with four of their get, clogs 3

255 P. M.- Judging fourteen saddle horses,
class 74

320 P. M.--Jdudging eight harness tandems:
appointments to count, class $7

340 P. M.—Judging twenty hunters, shown
over the In a/d out, class M4

420 FP. M.—Judging ten pairs of horses to he

driven by ladies, class 125
445 P. M.—Judging fifteen ponies in harness,
class 6D
5 10 Pr. M.—Judging fourteen horses suitable
to become hunters, class 107,
6B. M.-—-Recess
230 P. M.—ludging thirteen pairs of harness
horses, class 45,
455 P, M.—Judging twenty-six seddie horses,
class 72.

9:25 P. M.—Judging eighteen gig horses for the
How Mortiainue ae a 183.
9 . MJ < 0 ‘teen ladies’ ualined
hunters, clase 101. e

10:30 P. M.-—Judging ten horses for the high

The ring comral 1 Day —Thom Hitoheock.
tee is: as
. and spp G. Vv —F

Z t Evening . K.

6

"oe

frie, Lat Nag ivi ee
7p 2 a

 

a eg Fe

igners, Importers,

‘ Manufacturers and Retailers

°

; of i
Girls’ FashionableA pparel

Exclusive Novelties

Distinct'Styles
Selected Materials

Exquisite: Productions

Special Designs
Fine Workmanship

Most»Complete Stocks in the City

 

)
60-62 West 23d Street.

   
  

MAN dignifies a
ceremonious or

informal occa-
sion with a_ dress
Suit or Tuxedo.

~

Ours lend dignity to
the man and _— the
edict.

Triumphs of fine tail-
oring and designing, $30
to $48.

A distinctly new overcoat,
an exclusive model with us is
the Operette—have you seen
it?

It’s practical and unique.

Hadeitt. Carhart 5

EIGHTEEN DOGS TOGETHER.®| THE JAMES RB. DUKE DIVORCE.

,All Now in Police Custody—One of Them | Mrs. Duke on Appeal Denies They Were
Belonged to Martin Holst. Residents of New Jersey.

The yelping of dogs in the lower partofthe | Trenton, N. J.; Nov. 22.—Argument
tenement at 357 Hudson avenue, Brooklyn, | was heard in the Coase of Errors and Ap-
became so annoying that at last the ocou- | peals to-day in one of the appeal cases of
pants notified the police, and last evening Mrs. Lillian N. Duke, from whom James
Patrolmen Hines and Hammond visited the B. Duke obtained a divorce in this State
house and placed Augustus Martin, 46 years | last spring. The case before the court
old, under arrest on the charge of violating | was on the question of jurisdiction of Vice-

the health ordinance, Chancellor Pitne es
; 7 , y to try the divorce case.
en ees dogs have you?” asked Pa- | The Vice-Chancellor assumed jurisdiction
« Kightee T thi ‘” rn and after a hearing granted Mr. Duke a
n, ink,” was the response. divorce. The appeal argued to-day was
The two patrolmen then went into the | on the question of jurisdiction, and if it |e
two rooms on the first floor and found that | held that Vice-Chancellor Pitney had juris-
there were eighteen dogs of various breeds | diction then argument will be had on the
in the place. One, a large white bulldog, | Other appeal from his decision granting |i «
was friendly with the officers, and he and divorce. If it is held that the Vice-Cha:-
another, a brindle bull, were led to the sta- | Cellor had no jurisdiction then the divorce
tion house with in, Martin said that | Will fall.
the dogs belonged to his son, a dog fancier, Counsel for Mrs, Duke claimed that
who was absent, and that he was staying ta | neith@r Mr. Duke nor Mrs. Duke was a
home to care for them. _ | resident of this State and suit. could not
Subsequently the large white bulldog | be properly brought in New Wersey. It
was identified as the pte of Martin | Was contended that Duke's residence waa
mith
dog d

Three Broadway Stores:
At Thirteenth St.
At Canal St.
Near Chambers St.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Holst, a saloon keeper on street near | in New York, that after his marriage cards

Atlantic avenue. The i announcing the couple “at home” gave
on Saturday night. Martin comeeal nm ex- | his New York address and that Mrs. Duke
plain how the dog came to be in his pos-

lived in the New York residence.

seasion, Martin and the two dogs were Mr. Duke's counsel urged that his client
locked up in the same cell. Patrolmen | ¥45 4 resident of Somerville, that he had
Murphy and Balfe were sent to the Hudson | stablished an elaborate residence there
avenue house to care for the other sixteen | 29d maintained it the year round, that
dogs. The police are still investigating the | Duke voted there wegetany end fe 1904,
matter. The only charge entered against | While a resident in Somerville, he was
Martin last night was for violating the | ¢lected gs a national delegate to the Repul-
health ordinance. lican convention. The Court after hearing
arguments to-day on the question of juris-
diction, reserved decision.

 

MRS. G. F. EARLE INJURED.

BROOKLYN'S DEAD JURIST.

Courts All Adjourn Out of Respect to the
» Late Justice Goodrich,

The United States Circuit Court, all the
branches of the Supreme Court and the
County Court and the Surrogate’s Court
were adjourned yesterday out of respect
for the memory of the late ex-Justice Will-
iam W. Goodrich; for many years presiding
Justice of the Appellate Division in Brook-
lyn, who died on Wednesday morning. In
all the courts addresses were made.

The funeral services were held in the
afternoon at the Lafayette Avenue Pres-
byterian Church. The body will be taken
to Albany to-day for burial,

oe

 

Runaway Horse Drags Her Cab Down
° Fifth Avenue.

Mrs. G. F. Earle, a widow, 62 years old,
left the Hotel Devonshire, where she lives,
to go shopping in a hired cab driven by
Robert Martin of 913 Sixth avenue yester- |
day morning. While driving down Fifth |
avenue the horse became unmanageablo
and at Twenty-fifth street ran away. In |
front of the Hotel Bartholdi the hansom |
struck an ice wagon and Martin was thrown
icon en dragged the half

6 horse then e half wrecked
carriage straight for the gla jecti
the mate ond of the Foticen Suilding,
There the horse was caught b
the United Cigar Stores Company. It |
was found that one of the doors of the cab |
had been amashed in, pinning down Mrs
Earle, whose collarbone was broken and
face terribly bruised. She was taken to
the New York Hospital. Martin was not
seriously hurt.

uilding.
a driver for

#10,000 fer a Lost Left Arm.

A jury in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn
awa rded James H. Phelan yesterday a
verdict of $10,000 in his suit against Charles
D. Pierce of the Pierce-Wells Engineering
ani Supply Company for the loas of his
le t arm while working in Pierce's machine
shop in Jersey City in January, 1904. The

, : plaintiff contended that th i ic
Two Lackawanna Employees Meet Death | he was working was dual leaaael so

Examining Olid Workings. timbers set in the ground instead of being
SCRANTON, Pa., Nov.22.-Yeaterday after- imbedded in a fcundation of concrete.

noon Foreman Benjamin Evans and Fire | now EEA eS ag tet
Boss Evan J. Williams disappeared in the New York Travelling Man Foand Dead tn

abandoned workings of the Central Lacka- Har N _—
manna colery, ant this morning a nearch | o¢ Nen"Wymn Nov-72- WB. Raaeett Powel
or un, : , < sa an,
This evening the body of Williams waa | } a found dead in his bed at the Allyn
} ouse here to-day. ; “te
found under @ great mane of rock. It is | heart disease. ile was employed by Whit
supp ly tvans is there o—- — of 847 Broadway, New
The roof had evidently come down on
them as they were pursuing their investiga. | =
tion.
The body was burned and blackened
showing that there had been :
of gas before the roof fell, — '

 

MINE FORE MEN CRUSHED,

 

!
SUES MEN WHOTHREW THE EGGS. i

 

 

steady PULL WINS.

Store up energy for “staying”
qualities by breakfasting on

 

Whiskey Drummer, Driven Out of Kansas |
Town, Asks $10,000 Damages.
ToprKa, Kas., Nov. 22.-Clarence RB.
Empey who was recently driven out of
Stafford, Kas. under a shower of stale eggs
hurled by the Mayor, City Marshal and six
other citizens, has sued in the United States

(irape-Nuts

Court for 0400 damages,
Empey was a drummer for a Kansas Cit * THERE’ ”
hiskey h and y 5S A REASON
Cae ais eind Seggeses stony ine {| Oe