SOLVING JAPANESE PROBLEW.

 

Q@uESIDENT JORDAN SUGGESTS A
DIPLOMATIC ARRANGEMENT.

 

@hinks Coolles Should Be Exctoded and Can
Re, Treating Directly With Japan—No
Poubt of California's Strong Dislike
of the Yellow Races in Numbers.

Gan Francisco, Nov. 22.—Thoughtful

glifornians are giving more and more
ttention to the Japanese question as the
days rollby. That is to say, they are giving
jt as much attention as the ciroumambient
excitements of the moment will permit.
What between indicting the Mayor and
Boss Ruef, gunning for a majority of the
city officials, rebuilding 2,500 acres of ruins
and scrambling up and down heaps of
débris all day long in the process of these
pursuits, San Franciscans are a pretty busy
lot of people just now. '

But the more thoughtful have an eye for
the future and they believe that the status
of the Japanese in this country is a problem
quat is going to increase in importance
Qntil it is settled to their liking. There is

feeling among some of them that a na-
onal commission, including a fair repre-
gentation of California men, should be
formed to make a rockbottom study of the
gase on California soil. It would be of the
ttmost importance, of course, that the
personnel of such a commiasion should be
made up of widely experienced, travelled
Americans, blessed with scholarship and
gfommon sense and incapable of narrow-
bess or bias—such men, for example, as
Andrew D. White, President Alderman of
the University of Virginia, Jacob A. Riis,
or, in California, President Jordan of Le-
= Stanford or President Wheeler of the

Jniversity of California, both of whom,
though Eastern men, are thoroughly fa-
miliar in a sympathetic way with the Cali-
fornian .point of view. At present the
matter is simply drifting and drifting fast
upon the rocks of international ill will and
Dyisunderstanding.

President Jordan believes that the matter
of Japanese immigration, which really
underlies the trouble over the segregation
of Japanese school pupils, can best be
pettled in conjunction with Japan herself,
He discussed the case with TH& SUN cor-
respondent in this way:

In a evilized country it is no crime to be-
Jong to another race, and there can be no
toleration of the incitement of race riote
in this country. It ts even more important
that a nation should be decent than that it
ghould be white. It is, moreover, a sign
of a brave, just nation that it should treat
all ita neighbors alike, insulting none, op-
pressing none, and cringing before none.

These principles should guide us in our
own advancement and in our own self pro-
tection. It cannot be denied that great
dangers as well aa great advantages lie in
our relations with Asia. We have on the
Pacific coast no economic asset more valu-
able than the good will of China and Japan.
On the other hand, there is real danger that
our civilization may suffer enormously from
the mere overflow of superfluous Chinamen.

I believe that exclusion laws should be
jointly framed, so that the people we deal
with will not be humiliated by them. Any
sort of exclusion law is an evil. An overflow
of people of less intelligence, less self-re-
liance and leas patriotism than our own,
whether from China, Poland, Africa or any-
where else, is also an evil. If we choose
exclusion acts as the lesser evil, we should
not make them offensive to those we do not
need to exclude. We must always let our
neighbors “save their face.”

The whole matter of our relations with
China and Japan demands not snap judg-
ment, mass meetings and emotionalism of
one kind or another: it is a question which
the United States must decide, not the people
of San Franci®o, Agitation can do little
except mischief. If our end in view is to
keep California a “white man’s country”
we must grant to men of other nations certain
exclusive privileges of their own. The open
doors of world politics swing both ways.
We cannot grow rich with Asiatic trade unless
we do our part in enriching Asia.

I do not favor the admission of Japanese
lnhorers, if we can arrange amicably to keep
them out. But friction with Japan ts a more
serious matter than the presence of a few
thousand industrious Japanese. Japanese
officials have freely expressed willingness
to do whatever we wish in this regard, if
our wishes are made known diplomatically
and courteously. For about five years emi-
gration of Japanese laborers to the United
States has been rigidly prohibited by the Jap-
anese Government. That they come from
Hawail is a matter over which Japan has no
control; nor does the small number who come
affect the situation much.

On the other hand, we have no means
of checking the entrance of the Japanese
except by mutual agreement with Japan.
Japan is a nation of the first class, and we
can no more turn the Chinese exclusion
acainst her than we could against France or
Germany. A Japanese friend writes to me:

“The remedy against immigration of lower
class Japanese is to be sought in coming to a
diplomatic understanding in the matter, and
by eliminating the objectionable features.
The Japanese Government, without doubt,
would be open to reason, But to pass a law
condemning the Japanese wholesale, for no
other reason than that they are Japanese,
would be atriking a blow at Japan at her moat
sensitive point. The unfriendly act would be
felt more keenly than almost anything con-
ceivable. An open declaration of war would
pot be resented as much. The reason is not
far to seek. Japan has had a long struggle
in recovering her rights as an independent
state and of obtaining a standing in the civil-
ized world. If now her old friend, almost re-
aponsible for having started her in this ca-
reer, should turn her back on her and aay she
will no longer associate with her on even
terms, the resentment must necessarily be
very bitter.

The entire loss of prestige in Japan may

not seern much to the Americans, In the
Fur East there will be stupendous convulsions
from which great nations like America cannot
keep themselves clear. And with such crises
those with community of interests should not

misunderstand each other.”

It has been made sufficiently plain that
Californians do not like the Japanese in
numbers, It cannot be too many times
repeated that the foment is not the result
of labor union sentiment. That idea pre-
vails in the East, and ite prevalence does
more than anything else to blind the country
at large to the true state of things here.
The facta are that the Japanese in large

numbers are viewed universally in Cali-
fornia with dislike and suspicion, Nobody
here wants the coolie class, save the fruit
furmers, These want them because cheap
labor ig scarce.

lhe chief employment of the Japanese
Californian cities is as house servants.
> “honest schoolboy,” as he calls ghim
tell, cooks, washes, scrubs and sweeps
and generally makes himself useful about
the house, Good reports of his reliability
@re not common, It is the universal com-
plaint that you never know when you go
out in the morning whether your Jap serv-
ent will be there when you get back at

in

"ry

night. Agy higher offer will induce him
fo quit without a moment's notice, The
(hinaman, on the contrary, is faithful.

If he agrees to stay a certain time he is
sure to dq it.

Before the segregation rule was ladopted
almost all the Japanese house servants
went to school. Practically all of them
were here to get an education in our lan-
guage and ways, intending to return home
when that was acquired, The house serv-
ante thus included a far higher order of

 

' could give a hungry man?

 

APARTMENTS
57 West 57th St.

We offer a limited number of small
studio and living apartments, Studios
three rooms and bath, other apartments
two rooms and bath; electric light, gas,
steam heat, elevator, fireproof equip-
ment. The best location in New York
at the most reasonable rates.

Apply on premises to

H. T. GALPIN.
References required.

Japanese than could be found in other
employments,

“We had a Japanese servant,” said a!

San Franciscan, “who told us that his
father was a banker in Kobe and that he
himself had been note teller of the Kobe
branch of the Yokohama Specie Bank.
He must have been 24 years old. Yet he
was going to a public school in a grade
that included white boys and girls of 10
or 12 years.”

So scarce are domestic servants that it
is not at all uncommon for a Japanese to
get $7 or $8 a week.

“A Japanese youth answered my ad-
vertisement,” said a householder, “and
when I asked him what wages he expected
he said he wanted $60 a month. .

“['ll give you $70,’ I answered, ‘and a
horse and buggy to drive around town,
Then my wife will get breakfast, my niece
will get supper. You can get lunch, be-
cause there’s never anybody home then.’

“His eyes stuck out some at this, but my
wife came in as I was concluding:

“ ‘You better go,’ she told the Jap. ‘He'll
kick you out if you don’t.’ He took the
hint.”

But the fundamental fact is that Cali-
fornians do not like the “offskins,” as
they call them. They have no objection
to the Irish, the Italian, the Polish Jew,
the Spaniard or the German immigrant.
These they believe they can assimilate.
Indeed, more than half, or at least half,
the inhabitants of San Francisco are to-day
either foreign born or the children of
foreigners, But the yellow races they dis-
like and fear with an ineradicable aver-
sion and suspicion. The offskins, they
Say, cannot be assimilated and are only
here to get what they can of education or
profit. They are not eligible to citizen-
ship and would not be naturalized if they
were, They can ee nothing but calamity
in the growth here of any considerable body
of Oriental civilization.

They believe that the criticiam their at-
titude has received from beyond the Rockies
results from a total miscomprehension of
Oriental character and standards of life.

FIREBUG BUSY IN OLD CHELSEA,

Six Houses Set Afiame in the Early Morn-
ing Hoars—One Woman Injured.

While fifty policemen stood on guard early
yesterday morning a firebug slipped
through their lines and set fire to six tene-
ment houses within an area of a few blocks,
placing the lives of 510 people in danger.
All this was done within a period of lessthan
twohours. The firebug was not caught.

At 3 o'clock Frank Herscher, janitor of
the five story tenement at 335 West Seven-
teenth street, found a brisk blaze at the
foot of the stairway. The tenants were
routed out and the firemen soon quenched
the flames.

Ten minutes later fire was discovered
across the street, at No. 330. The firemen
found the whole cellar in flames, but were
able to get at it so quickly that the fire was
promptly extinguished.

Meantime Police Sergeant Tims took com-
mand and sent for the reserves of three
precincts. With these men he surrounded
the entire neighborhood, giving instructions
that a sharp watch should be kept on the
crowd that had gathered.

The third fire started in the six story
tenement at 235 West Eighteenth street.
Asin the other cases the tenants were driven
out. Again, owing to the prompt alarm,
the firernen extinguished the blaze with a
small loss.

By this, time the entire neighborhood
was al and thousands of people
thronged the streets, giving the reserves
all they could do to maintain fire lines.
An hour later the fourth blaze started in
the rear of the cellar of the five story tene-
ment at 317 West Twentieth street. John
Penira, who occupies the cellar, discovered
the blaze and put it out.

Ten minutes latef, at 339 West Twenty-
third street, started the most disastrous
fire of the six. The building is a five story
boarding house and contained a large
number of reons. Two alarms were
turned in for this blaze. The fire had been
kindled at the foot of the dumbwaiter
shaft, and the flames mounted to the roof.
The firemen had a stiff fight to prevent the
flames from spreading to the adjoining
buildings. The crew of Engine 18, under
Capt. Roche, mounted the rear fire escapes
to train a stream on the top floor. They
were not able to get any water after reach-
ing the position, and bursts of flame from
above and below suddenly hemmed them
in. The crew of Engine 34 turned their
stream on their entrapped comrades, who
hastily scrambled down through the flames.
Later it was discovered that a three foot
eel had plugged the water pipe and pre-
vented water from reaching them. The
house was completely gutted and the dam-
age is estimated at $15,000.

Every one in the house excepting Mrs.
Catherine Arnold, who lived on the third
floor,e dsafely. She tried to jump from
the first floor fire escape balcony and fell,
hurting her thigh so badly that she was
taken to the New York Hospital.

While the fire in the Twenty-third street
house was burning, the sixth fire started
at 324 West Seventeenth street, but was

ut out by the people in the house with a

 

 

oss of $50, They were assisted by Police-
man Weeks of the West Twentieth street
station.

 

BOLD PANHANDLER IS HE.

Walks Right Into Police Captain's Office
and Begs for a Dime.

Joseph Leonard, 55 years old, who claims
no permanent abiding place in the city,
was arraigned in the Jefferson . Market
police court yesterday charged with va-
grancy and sent by Magistrate Barlow to
the workhouse for six months.

Leonard had caused a sensation in pan-
handling circles the night before by walk-
ing into the Macdougal street police station
and asking Capt. Hodgins for adime. The
man had his right arm bound in a heavy
bandage and walked past the sergeant’s
desk and into the captain's private office.

“Sir, have you got a spare dime you

’ he asked.

Capt. Hodgins gasped. He looked up
and there the man stood holding out his
hat for the hoped for dime. Hodgins
called Policeman McCarthy and told him
to look after the man’s wants.

The policeman searched Leonard and
found $4.70 in one of his pockets. He then
turned to the bandaged arm. He unwound
yards of cloth, epee off a quantity of
cotton and found beneath a strong and
sound arm. Then a charge of vagrancy
was made out against she man.

 

 

 

Sixty Women Go to SO Wall Street.
Sixty women, employees of the Prince
George Hotel when William A. Lattimer
kept it, made up their minds that they
would go to 80 Wall street yesterday to a
meeting of the creditors, and they did.
They expected to get their back pay, but
the meet: merely elected a trustee, and
afteraw the women were
there was no use in

STEAMER GRASH

BIG KAISER NEEDS REPAIRS AF-
TER CHANNEL COLLISION.

 

 

Her Passengers Will Be Forwarded on
Other Boats and She'll Be Taken to
Bremen—Vessels Hit in a Fog —Shock
Caused a Panic in the Steerage.

Special Cable Despatches to TAR Sun.

CHERBOURG, Nov. 22.—The North German
Lloyd steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
which was in collision with the British Royal
Mail steamship Orinoco at ¥ o'clock last
night, was unable to proceed on her voyage
and will be taken to Bremen for repairs.
Four of the Kaiser Wilhelm’s steerage pas-
sengers, three men and a girl, were killed.
Seven were injured.

Five of the crew of the Orinoco were
knocked overboard and drowned. Twelve
were injured.

The exact details of the damage to the
vessels are not known. It ia said that a
hole ten feet long was stove in the starboard
bow of the Kaiser Wilhelm and that her
injuries will amount to $200,000. The Orinoco
was not so badly damaged. She has been
ordered to go to Southampton.

The Kaiser Wilhel&2 and the Orinoco
were both outward bound from South-
ampton, via Cherbourg, the Kaiser for New
York and the Orinoco for West Indian
ports. When the collision occurred the
Kaiser was going out of the harbor after
touching at Cherbourg and the Orinoco was
coming in.

The weather was foggy. The Kaiser
Wilhelm was travelling at a speed of ten
knots when the Orinoco crashed into her
starboard bow, remaining fixed there.
The two vessels had come together ‘with
great force. Both captains gave the word
to go astern and the vessels parted. As
there was fear that one or the other might
founder signals of distress were made.

The shock caused a panio among the
steerage passengers in the bow of the
Kaiser Wilhelm. All the killed or wounded
were Hungarians or Russians.

The Kaiser carried 268 first class passen-
gers, 88 second and 697 steerage. She also
had 1,475 bags of American mail.

Lonpon, Noy. 22.—It is announced at the
North German Lloyd office here that the
saloon passengers of the Kaiser Wilhelm
will be transferred to the American liner
St. Paul and that an extra steamship will
leave Bremerhaven to-day to take on board
the second cabin and steerage passengers
and convey them to New York.

Paris, Nov. 22.--At the office of the North
German Lloyd here it is said that the first
class passengers of the Kaiser Wilhelm will
be transferred to the La Lorraine and that
the Kaiser Wilhelm will be taken to Bremen
for repairs.”

a

—__«———

COMPLAIN OF NEWFOUNDLAND.

We Make Representations to England, but
Modus Vivendi Is Sttll Working
Special Cadle Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 22.—In the House of Com-
mons to-day John B. Lonsdale, member for
Armagh, asked Sir Edward Grey, Foreign
Secretary, whether the enforcement of the
provisions of the bait act by Newfoundland
against colonial fishermen who enlisted on
American vessels involved a breach of the
modus vivendi which had been arranged be-
tween Great Britain and the United States,
and whether the United States had made any
representations on the subject.

Sir Edward Grey replied that he was not
prepared to say whether the action of New-
foundland involved a technical breach of
the modus vivendi, the practical working
of which had, however, not been interfered
with. The United States had, he said,
made representations, which were now
under consideration.

 

FILIPINO PLANTERS SUFFERING.

 

Low Sugar Prices Bring Ruin—Anglo-
Saxon Naval Love Feast.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Mania, Nov. 22.—-The planters on Negros
Island are complaining of the ruinously
low prices of sugar. Some of the estates
are on the verge of bankruptcy and others
are borrowing money at exorbitant rates of
interest,

Rear Admiral Brownson's four cruisers, |

the Philadelphia, Maryland, Colorado and
West Virginia, and the Philippine squadron
have bought a theatre for three nights
and have ordered three banquets and are
otherwise preparing for the entertainment
of the crews of the British Eastern squad-
ron, which is to pay a visit to Manila, under
command of Vice-Admiral] Sir Arthur Will-
iam Moore, from November 75 to November
90 The squadron consists of the cruisers
King Alfred, Deadem, Astrea and Mon-
mouth

REFORM OF CONGO ABUSES.

The United States Has Not Agreed to Co-
operate With Great Britain.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Nov.22.—In the House of Com-
mons to-day Sir Edward Grey, Foreign

Secretary, replying to a question by Sir

Charles W. Dilke, said that no communi-

cation had been received from the Govern-

ment of the United States to the effect that
it was prepared and anxious to cooperate
with Great Britain with regard to abuses
and misgovernment in the Congo Free

State, or that it was desirous of being repre-

sented in any international conference on

the subject.

AN AIRSHIP LIKE

German Inventor, Whose Machine Has
Arms and Legs, to Enter English Race.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR SuN.

BERLIN, Nov. 22.--Josef Hoffmann, the
inventor of a fiving machine built on the
principle of a stork, with legs and wings,
will compete for the prize of $50,000 offered
by the London Daily Mail for a flight from
London to Manchester, He hopes that the
German Government will grant him a sub-
sidy. The Kaiser has inspected Hoff-
mann’s machine, in which he displayed
much interest.

GENEROUS ON GOLDEN WEDDING.

Jewish Banker of London and His Wife to
Give $500,000 to Charities.J
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 22.—Bischoffsheim, a Jew-
ish banker of London, and his wife will
celebrate their golden wedding by donating
to charities the sum of $500,600, of which
$100,000 is allotted to Jewish charities. Mr.

Bischoffsheim has already expended large

sums in philanthropy.

 

4 STORK.

 

a

NEW CUBAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.

Gov. Magoon Orders One to Pass on Losses
Sustained in the Rebellion.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sun.
Havana, Nov. 22.—Gov. Magoon has
igsued a decree providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission *o pass upcn the
claims arising from losses sustained in the
rebellion. It will consist of two American
army officers anda judge of the Audiencia
or Supreme Court.

 

   
 
   
  
   
 
  

 

Jamestown Exposition Banquet in London,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Lonvon, Nov. 22.—THk Sun correspond-
ant learns that a banquet will be giv
fm London on December 19 in the acest
she Jamestown expositien

.

interest

| CATS ALL WENT TO IRISH FAIR.

Boxed Up by Folk Who Saw Proft in a
Joker's Placard.
Spectai Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Dvsuin, Nov. 2?.~The town of Bally-
mena, County Antrim, has been the victim
of a hoax. Some time ago placards bearing
an official appearance were posted in the
neighborhood declaring that the War
| Office was ready to buy cats in unlimited
numbers for the purpose ef clearing the
barracks and military stores of rats and
mice. * ; ’
It was added that an official of the War
Office would attend the next fair at Bally-
| mena and would pay half a crown apiece
| for cats,
Thereafter the animals had a lively time.
They were hunted day and night, far and
| wide. Scores were caught and imprisoned,
j and their owners were not able to trace
; them.
When a fair day arrived cat laden crates,
| Bally baskets and sacks were taken to
{

 

Ballymena from all directions. Many carts,
which otherwise would have been laden
| with pigs, carried only felines. The strange
| livestock was deposited by common con-
sent in the place usually devoted to pigs.
The War Office official was sought every-
where. Hours passed before the people
| understood that they had been hoaxed.
| The War Office will probably make it lively
| for the trickster if he is disgovered.

GEN. BOOTH IS COMING HERE.

Just at Present Ho's Basy in Berlin, Where
the Nobility Are Aroused,
Spectat Cable Despatch to THs SUN.

BERLIN, Nov. 22.—Gen. William Booth’s
meeting at the Cirous Busch last evening
was attended by ten Counts and thirty-five

| Barons. One of the latter wanted to come
to the penitents’ bench, but eventually
was satisfied with shaking hands with the
General.

Gen. Booth told Tag Sun correspondent
that he was going to the United States or
Canada in January. He said:

“In Japan, where the Government is giving
| the Salvation Army every facility, the army
in the recent famine rescued 3,000 geishas.”

He said the Salvation Army had gained a
footing in Corea and he hoped that later
it would also in Manchuria and Siberia.
He was not satisfied with the progress
it was making in the United States, the
General said. The people there were too
rich and prosperous to be religious. He
hoped to be able to conduct a campaign
in America next autumn.

 

GOLD FIND IN: ENGLAND.

Ore Equal to That of the Rand Mines Said
to Have Been Discovered.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Lonpnon, Nov. 22.—According to the Pall
Mall Gazette, a gold discovery was made
the past summer about two hundred miles
from London. Hitherto the secret has been
very closely guarded.

A report made by engineers declares
that the ore vein extendas from eight to
ten miles, with a width of from six to fifteen
feet. The engineers have no doubt that
it is of great depth. The ore is identical
with that found in the main vein of the
Rand, and the prospects, it is declared, are
as good as were those of the Rand. The
report goes on to say:

“The mine should be quite as good as
the best belonging to the companies operat-
ing on the main reef of the Rand.”

The ore averages eighty grains to the
ton. A syndicate has been formed, with
a capital of $245,000, to work the find.

AFTER OTHER RAILROADS.

 

| New Charges of Rebating to Be Laid Be
fore Federal Grand Jury.
| Judge Holt in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday imposed a fine of $18,000
on the New York Central for giving rebates
| to the American Sugar Refining Company.
| Austen G. Fox, counsel for the railroad,
| pleaded that the $108,000 in fines imposed
upon the company recently for a similar
offence was “ample punishment,” but Judge
Holt thought differently.
On the motion of John E. Parsons, the
court put off until Tuesday sentencing the
sugar company for recéiving rebates.
| United States District Attorney Stimson
| is not confining his attention t the New
York Central, and he has sufficient evi-
dence against other railroads to submit
to a Federal Grand Jury. It is understood
that in some cases he expects to make out
a much stronger case than he did against
| the Central.
| Mr. Fox in his argument referred to
President Roosevelt’s action in the trial
of the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fé Railway,
at the time when Paul Morton, a former
officer of the company, was a member of
Mr. Roosevelt’s Cabinet. Judge Holt had
denied Mr. Fox's motion for a new trial
and for the arrest of judgment, and Mr.
Fox then said that “no less an officer than
the Chief Magistrate of the United States
had come forward several years ago, when
another great railway in the Southwestern
section of the United States and its chief
officer were on trial on charges similar to
those on which the New York Central was
being tried.” At that time, said Mr. Fox,
the Chief Executive’s declaration that no
corporation could keep the law and remain
in business had the effect of making the
law a dead letter. He thought it unjust
that one law should prevail in one section
and another law in still another section,

 

GIRL ASSAULTED AND MURDERED.

Body Found tn Common,Where It Had Lain
Two Days.

Dayton, O0., Nov, 22.—The hody of Dora
Gilman, 20 years old, was found to-day
in a common along Groveland avenue, in
New Arlington Heights, where it had evi-
dently lain since Tuesday night.

The girl had been assaulted and then
choked to death.

Miss Gilman worked at the National

 

Cash Register factory and is supposed to | MRS.GUNTON NO.1 GETS DIVORCE

have been on her way home when attac |
ace | Dakota Divorce on Which Gunton Married

| Mrs. Lowe Invalid,

There is no clue to the murderer.
The dead girl’s widowed mother is near
death from the shock.

 

Sults to Foreclose on Benjamin D. Green's
Dairy Co.
| Stamrorp, Conn., Nov. 22.—The Stam-
ford Trust Company has brought suit for
$30,000 against the Purity Farms Company
to foreclose a mortgage given by Benjamin
D. Green, December 5, 1899. Franklin
Nevins of Jersey City has brought suit for
$25,000 against the sarne company to fore-
close a mortgage given by William J. Hart
May 7, 1902. The Purity Farms Com
recent y took over the Rock Hill Land and
Dairy Company. The dairy was originally
by Capt. Benjamin D. Green, who

is now in jailin Savannah.

 

New Attorney for Legal Ald Society.

At a special meeting of the board of
directors of the Legal Aid Society, heid
yesterday at the office of the president,
Arthur von Briesen, at 49 Wall street, the
cgpemineet of Merrill E. Gates, Jr., as
attorney in chief was announced, Mr. Gates
will take up his new duties on January 1.

Break in Canadian Cabinet.

Orrawa; Ont., Nov. 22.—The Hon. Charles | “ted.

Hyman handed to-day to Earl Grey his

ignation as Minister of Public Works. It

pli oii ok

| BLEVA
|

ee a

 

is the portfolio may be offered to Clif-
ford Siam acRsiete of tna Datarior Ag

     

   

TED THIRD TRACK

 

R. T. BOARD REOPENS QUESTION,
PENDING SUBWAY EXTENSION.

 

At the Same Time Urging the Board of
Estimate to Act on Routes Long Be-
fore Them for 6125,000,000 Worth of
New Subways, One in Third Avenue.

AGAIN

 

The Rapid Transit’ Commission, through |

ita Committee on plans, decided yesterday
to revive the question of the advisability
of adding a third track, for express service,
to the second and Third avenue elevated
railroad systems.

The committee took this step a lit-
tle while after, at the same meeting, it
had deplored the delay of the Board of
Estimate in passing on the new subway
routes and had urged Comptroller Metz
to appeal to the board at ita meeting to-day
to approve of the proposed routes. Mr.
Metz said he would. Under the Elsberg
act the Board of Estimate has coordinate
powers with the commission in the laying
out of routes. Chief Engineer Lice said
that if the board would approve the routes
at once the commission could advertise on
January It the specifications for the Lexing-
ton avenue extension of the present sub-
way, the new West Side route from the
Battery to Harlem, and the route running
from Pelham Bay Park, through The Bronx,
down ‘Third avenue across Manhattan
Bridge and thence by way of fourth avenue,
Brooklyn, to Coney Island, with another

branch ‘running to Bay Ridge. These
plans provide in all for more than fifty
miles of new subways, which it is estimated
will coat about $125,000,000.

Mr. Metz sue ested a public hearing on
the elevated t tracks. President Orr
declared that the board had already twice

voted against the plan.
But Mr. Metz carried his pain, and a
public hearing was ordered by the com-

mittee, which means that the whole ques-
tion will be reopened. It is stated that the
syndicates pocparee to bid on the new
subways have infofmed the city authori-
ties that they would not bid if there was any
intention displayed on the part of the munic-
ipal government and of the Rapid Transit
Commission to grant any more elevated
railroad franchises, and especially that a
syndicate which is ready to bid for the

roposed Third avenue route had let it be

nown that it will not bid if Mr. Belmont is
allowed to third track the Third avenue
elevated structure.

Comptroller Metz is said to believe that
the city has not funds aufficient to embark
| on Lge ew proposed subways. The

Mayor hol

the opposite view.
| resident Peters

ee

of the Long Island
Railroad applied to the committee yester-
| day for franchises for two short branches
| from Glendale over ita own property for
| about a mile and a half in the direction of
Long Island City. He suggested a nominal
lump sum as a proper price for the fran-
chise. Mr. Orr objected, saying that the
franchise might be very valuable some
| day. It was only a little while ago, he
said, that a single share of the New River
Water Company, which has a_ charter
granted to it in the time of Charles I. to
supply water to the city of London, was
or £128,000, ita par value being £100,
The company agreed to confer on the
question of terms and to bear the expense
of street openings, with the exception that
the city should pay for the regulation,
paving and grading of the streets,
|

80

OFFENDERS TIPPED OFF?

Parkhurst Soclety Superintendent
pictous of Court Room Crowd,
Superintendent McClintock of the Park-
hurst society is convinced that some of the
evidence against poolrooms and disorderly
houses which his society recently submitted
to Commissioner Bingham when Dr. Park-
hurst saw fit to meet Assistant Commis-
sioner Mathot's challenge would have been
more effective had not somebody gone into
the Hwsiness of tipping off places suspected
when raids were anticipated.

When the Commissioner got the evidence
he sent it to his inspectors, with orders to
have the captains take it to the police courts
and get warrants and then go raiding.
Thirty-one warrants were issued on such
an application one day in Jefferson Market
court. Twenty were served, the police re-
porting back that the evidence in all the
remaining cases must have been very old,
every place visited was found closed.

“Yes, gone out of business when some-
body tipped them off out of Jefferson Market
eourt,” was Mr. McClintock's comment.

He appeared with Capt. Dooley of the
Elizabeth street station in the Tombs police
court vesterday to get a warrant for a place
in that precinct. But before he would pre-
sent his evidence he told his suspicion of the
tipping to the magistrate, who asked all the
reporters, clerks and policemen not directly
concemed to step out of range. Then the
evidence was handed in and the warrant
issued, It had not heen served by the time
court adjourned,

COMSTOCK ARRIVES ON THE RUN.

Sprints to Court With His Arms Full of
Alleged Evidence.

Anthony Comstock andaHugh Gordon
Miller had another spat yesterday in the
Tombs police court before Magistrate
Walsh, They have had little love for each
other ever since a few weeks ago in the
Federal Court when Mr. Miller asked Mr.
Comstock some embarrassing questions
about his Government mileage bills, which
Miller said verged on grand larceny.

Comstock, the night before, had raided
R. J. Pierce’s druggists’ supplies place at
140 William street, seized $1,000 worth of
articles and medicines and arrested Pierce.

When the case was called in the Tombs
court Mr. Comstock was not present and
Mr. Miller was asking for an adjournment,
believing that Anthony had decided not
to appear. Just then the door flew open
and Comstock ran into the room, his arms
filled with boxes containing the confiscated
exhibits.

“I shall not consent to any adjournment,”
he said, as he got some of his breath back...
“This is a most atrocious case and must

prosecuted at once. Let me show you,
your Honor, let me show you!” He hastily
opened a box and laid his “evidence” on
the desk triumphantly.

“Adjourned until November 27, 2 P. M.
Rail, $1,000,” interrupted Magistrate Walsh.
Pierce put up the cash.

 

Sus-

 

 

Supreme Court Justice Giegerich signed
yesterday the final ‘decree granting to |
Amelia R. Gunton a divorce from George
Gunton of Gunton'’s Magazine. Gunton |
obtained a Dakota divorce, afterward held
to be invalid by the courts of this State
He had, meantime, married again, taking |
for his second wife Mrs. Rebecca Lowe,
formerly president of the Federation of
Women’s Clubs.

Mrs. Amelia Gunton’s divorce was based

on her husband's relations with Mrs. Lowe
y | The suit was tried before a referee, Henry
| W. Bookstaver, who re

rted against the |

validity of the Dakota decree.

$5,000 FOR BEAR BITE.

 

Jury Gives the Malloy Boy a Verdict
Against John H. Starin,
A verdict for $5,000 was returned in the
Supreme Court yesterday by a jury, before |

| Justice Dugro, in favor of Walter K. Malloy,

a twelve-year-old boy, and against John H.
Starin of the Starin steamship company. The |
boy, who sued through his father, was
bitten a bear on one of the Starin piers
at New Haven and his left foot was ampu-

Two years ago the boy got a verdict for

$10,000, but this was set by. the A -

ate ee. The defence was that the
and was responsible

     

At

Heat. dl hk he

  

  

MOLLIENT AMMONIA
A DELIGHTFUL PREPARATION

 

  
  
 
       
   
   
         
    
    

TRY IT IN YOUR BATH

 

SCRU

SCRUBB’S

SCRUBB’S
SCRUBB’S

 

eee

SCRUBB’S

SCRUBB’S

SCRUBB’S

 

SCRUBB’S

SCRUBB’S

SCRUBE’S
SCRUBB’S.
SCRUBB’S

SCRUBB'
SCRUBB’S

 

OO

SCRUBB’S

 

SCRUBB’S
SCRUBB'S

SCRUBB’S

SCR

SCRUBB’S|

————

SCRUEB'S
SCRUBB*

SCRUBB’S

: “ eer

SCRUBB’
SCRUBB’S

te, seer

USED BY ALL THE a
ROYALTIES OF EUROPE

 

At ail Crocors and Druggists, 2
SCRUBB & CO., LTD.,

THAW WITNESSES OUT OF TOWN, GRAND JAURORS IN MULBERRY ST, 2 ee

 

U E 8’S REMOVES ALL STAINS. 4

Greenwich Strect,

   
   
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
 
   
  

_

>

BB'S

INVALUABLE FOR
TOILET PURPOSES.
FOR MOTORISTS 80
COMFORTING AFTER

A JOURNEY. _—_
CLEANS & BRIGHTENS
SILKS, LACES, AND

WOOLEN GOODS. e
REFRESHING AS A
TURKISH BATH.

 

MAKES YOUR HANDS
SOFT AS VELVET.

 

KEEPS MIRRORS
BRIGHT AND CLEAR.

ALLAYS IRRITATION
OF INSECT BITES.

CLEANS WINDOWS IN
SHORT ORDER.

 

 

SPLENDID FOR BATH-
ING TENDER FEET.

REMOVES ALL ° ODOR
FROM PERSPIRATION. |
‘AFTER ALL TAXING z
EXERCISE &SPORTS SO
VIVIFYING & BRACING.

A POWERFUL 7
DISINFECTANT. |

 

 

REMOVESGREASEAND
DANDRUFF FROM THE
HAIR.

MAKES CLOTHES
BEAUTIFULLY WHITE,

 

UNEXCELED FOR
CLEANING SPONGES. as

CLEANS PLATE AND
JEWELRY WITH 4
HARDLY ANY EFFORT. '
FOR CLEANING EYE- #
GLASSES QUICK AND i
CERTAIN.

 

 

RESTORES AND |
CLEANS CARPETS.

FULL INSTRUCTIONS
ON EACH BOTTLE. 2

ee
- _ »

KEEPS HAIR BRUSHES
CLEAN.

INDISPENSABLE FOR 4
WASHING DISHES.

‘ADDED TO THE WASH
MAKES CLOTHES
SNOWY WHITE.

MAKES SOILED a
WHITE GLOVES LOOK 7
LIKE NEW.

 

 

5 cents a large bottle.
NEW YORK.

  
  
 
  

Truxtun Beale and Thomas “icCaleb Said
to Be Two of ‘Them,

Clifford W. Hartridge, counsel for Harry
K. Thaw, had a half hour conference yestex-
day afternoon with District Attorney Ferome
on the question of taking depositions of
witnesses outside of the jurisdiction of the

local courts. Mr. Hartridge was accom-
panied by John H. Iselin

Mr. Hartridge talked in a general way
with Mr. Jerome about the interrogatories
to be submitted tothe witnesses, In get-
ting the consent of the court to take the
depositions it will be necessary for Mr,
Hartridge to state the nuimes of the wit-
nesses he wants to examine and what ques-
tions he wants to ask them. Mr. Jerome
has the privilege of opgoring or consenting
to the taking of the depositions

Mr, Jerome's action will depend a great
deal on the witnesses Mr, Hartridge may
want to question and what he wanis to get

from them, Should the witnesses be im
ortant, in the judgment of Mr. Jerome, it
18 not unlikely that Mr. Jerome will ash for
the appointment of a commi- o that

 

  

sion,

the District Attorney can |e ; rerer.t and
cross-examine the witnesses aiter they have
made their statements to coun tor Thaw

It is known that some of the witnesses
Mr. Hartridge is anxious to examine arein
the far West and two or three in Ban Fran.
cisco, Mr. Hartridge refuses to say who the
witnesses are. It is said thet two of the
San Francisco witnesses are Truxtun Beale
and Thomas McCaleb. They were with
Thaw and his wife in Martin's shortly be.

fore Thaw shot Stanford White on the roof
of the Madison Square Garden. It is also
said that Beale and McCaleb’ were witnesses
of the shooting

* Should they be two of the witnesses Mr

Hartridge wants to take depositions from
Mr. Jerome would like to cro°*aexamine,
especially as Mrs. Thaw is said to have
passed a note to her hushand in Martin’

which is said to have had some reterence to
White

Cellar Floor Conerete, Consequently Not | %
Dug Up
The cellar of 138 East Ninecy-third street
where Wilhelmina Eckhart, a micwife,

pn on Tuesday, was not dug up

lay. Representatives of the Dis-

trict Attorney's office found that the cellar
concrete that th

in the

Five of Them Make a Tour of Police Heade Zz

quarters Led by Gen, Bingham,

Five members of the November Grand
Jury, including Foreman M. L. Simon,
went to Police Headquarters yesterda
afternoon at 4 o'clock as the result of
invitation given by Commissioner Bingham
when he appeared before them several days
ago. The Commissioner was out of his
office and the Grand Jurors had to wait for
him for an hour

When Commissioner Bingham returned
he took them through the various departe
ments at Headquarters and explained the
workings of the police machinery. The
Grand Jurors would make no comment on
what they had seen,

MISS HELEN LAMBERT DEAD.

Third Victim of the Auto Aceident In Which
Tom Cooper Was Killed.

Miss Helen Lambert, the show girl, of

 

137 West Forty-fifth «treet, who was injured
on Tuesday night in the automobile collision
in Centrad Park in which Tom Cooper was
instantly killed, died yesterday from her
injuries in Roosevelt Hospital. Her death
made the third to result from the accident.
State Oficial to Sing Sing.

Robert Hawthorne, who was the mecdta-
tor in the State Labor Department, was
sentenced by Judge Rosalsky in General
Sessions yesterday to not more than three
and a hai! nor less than a year and a half
in Sing Sing. Hawthorne pleaded guilty
to bigamy His two wives were in court

and pleaded for clemeney for him.

 

COHN JAMESON

3 Three * * ye Star
Whiskey

Your friend KNOWS
that he is getting the
besi when “Jame-
son” is ordered,

W.A.Taylor & Co.. Ag’ts. 28 B’way.N.¥.

   
  
  
    
   

   
  
 
 
    
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
    
    
  
  
   

$ &
ae eere ere reer eae ee a

a es

eae