CLOSE WEB AROUND GILLETTE.
WHE PROSECUTOR SPRINGS AN-
OTHER SURPRISE,

Intredaces a Witness to Prove That Salt Case
Was in the Boat Two Hours After He
f&ald He Had Taken It Ashore—Told the
Sherif the Roat Upect and He Feared
to Drown if He Tried to Save Giri.

HekKIMER; Nov. 22--The prosecution in
the case of Chester Gillette made a hard
problem for those who are defending him
to-day in bringing up very forcibly 1! ¢
aan of how it happened that the suil
case he had with him in the canoe was
dry when it was found and the stuff in it
ghowed no sign of having been in the
‘water. In the first place the prosecution
proved that when Gillette was arrested
he said that Grace Brown was drowned
after the boat which they were in had acci-
dentally upset. When asked to account
for the fact that the suit case was dry,
he replied that he and the Brown girl had
gone ashore to get their lunch at 8 o'clock
in the afternoon and had left it there at
that time.

On the cross-examination of Sheriff-elect
Klock; who testified to these facts, the
defence spent a long time in impressing
on the jury. thia explanation of Cillette.
‘Then the District Attorney sprung his
surprise. In the last few minutes of the
afternoon session he called Thomas Barrett
to the witness stand, Barrett is a guide
at Camp Craig on Big Moose Lake.

“At 5 o'clock on the afternoon of July 11,”
he said; “{ had taken the two boys I had
in charge from Camp Craig to a ewimming
float off South Bay, I was keeping close
watch Jof the time so that I would not let
the older boy stay in too long. At just
$:20 o'clock I saw a boat come out of the
far inside of South Bay and turn into the
“branch known as Punkie Bay, In it were
@ man and a woman, and between them
was a suit case. The man was in the bow
peat of the boat rowing, and the woman
was in the stern, I noticed that they were
young people. At 6:45 o'clock I saw Mr,
Barnard Foster's boat come out of South
Bay, and a few minutes afterward the boat
with the young man and woman came
from Punkie Bay and went toward the south
shore of South Bay. The man was leaning
forward in the bow seat, apparently talk-
ing to the woman in the stern, and was
rowing slowly, a stroke at a, time.”

Nearly the whole day was spent by Prose-
cutor Ward in showing the actions of Gil-
lette after the death of Grace Brown had
gpecurred and tracing him fromthat time
until the time of his arrest by Under Sheriff
Austin B. Klock at the Arrowhead Inn on
wuly 14. Mr. Klock, who is Sheriff elect,
was called to the stand early in the after-
noon. With him, he said, was Charles
Gross of Cortland, who worked in the Gil-
lette skirt factory and who identified Gil-
lette for him. The under sheriff attempted
to refresh his memory from notes he had
taken of the conversations he had with
Gillette after the arrest, but this was strenu-
musly objected to by the defence and finally
not allowed.

“When I went into the hotel office,” said
Mr. Klock, “I saw the defendant. At that
time I did not know him. Gross went up
to him and said, ‘Hello Chester,’ and the
defendant answered, ‘Hello, Charlie; what
are you doing down here?” Gross asked him
if he knew that Grace Brown was dead, and
Gillette answered, ‘No; is that so?’ Then
Gross said: ‘Yes, she was drowned in Big
Moose Lake” and Gillette answered, ‘My
God! Is that s0?'”

In the morning the Rev. Cuthbert
Frost, a minister at Lowville, had testified
that on the evening of the day before this
Gillette, who was in the lobby of the Arrew-
head Inn, had gone up to some men who
were playing cards in the lobby and had
said, “Have you heard about the tragedy
at Big Moose Lake?” This was;after a day
which Gillette had spent climbing the Black
Bear Mountain with a party from Arrow-
head Inn, which included the Rev, Mr.
Frost, the Rev. Mr. Dean of Lowville and
Mr. Dean's son and daughter.

Most of the morning session had been
@pent in proving by this party that Gillette
had gone with them to Black Bear Mou n-
tain, and had made another expedition the
day after Grace brown's death to the moun-
tain alone. Three witnesses were called to
tell of his first expedition, and Miss Gertrude
Dean and Mr. Frost were called to tell of
the second.

Gillette joined the party; they said, just
2s it was about to start, and went with them
up the méuntain. They had some dif-
ficulty in finding the trail, but relied on
Gillette’s experience of the former day to
guide them™ When they arrived at the
top they had a lunch,and Gillette and Mr.
Dean's son Robert spent their time in carv-
ing the initials of the party on a nearby
rock. Gillette told them of his former
life in the West, his experience as a brake-
man, as a student in Oberlin College, and
e@aid that he was then employed in the
Villette skirt factory at Cortland, but he
Aiid not tell them where be had been the
last few days.

“When we got back to the inn,” said Mr.
"Frost, “we went out on the porch after
supper and spent the evening in singing.
Gillette said that he could not sing, but he
occasionally joined in snatches of thesongs.
Before 1 went upstairs to bed that night
J saw the defendant go into the office and get
a drink of water, Afterward he went over
to a party of men who were playing cards
in one corner and asked them if they had
heard of the tragedy at Big Moose~the
*drowning.”

A bunch of photographs was shown to
yall the witnesses who were examined as to
the two expeditions Gillette had made to
Black Bear Mountain, which they identified
fs being views taken on the mountain and
around South Lake, The District Attorney
spent some time in this process, which at
first seemed to be an almost useless one, It
later developed, however, that these pic-
tures were the ones which were found as
films in Gillette’s baggage and had been de-
veloped by the prosecution. Their intro-
aluction was to forestall the possibie ex pla-

Yation that Gillette took his suit case with |

dim on the day Grace Brown met her death
in order that he might have the material
‘with him to take pictures,

After the witnesses to the two expeditions
aot Gillette to Black Bear Mountain had been
excused Edward G. Whitford, an instructor
in the College of the City of New York, who
had spent the summer ina camp on Seventh
Lake, was called. On Friday evening, Mr.
Whitford said, he was in Inlet post office,
mear Arrowhead Inn, when Gillette came
gnto the room ;

“Gillette asked me about some people
on the luke,” said the witness. “He asked
me if I knew Josephine Patrick, and when
J answered yes he asked me if it was at
Calavista Lodge that she was stopping.
J told him yes, and when a few minutes
later he said he had been up Bear Moun-
tain the day before I said that | wondered
he had not seen her, as she had gone up
too, I told him that she and a party were

gto Lime Kiln Lake the next day, and
pd: ‘If their plans are made | won't
in

Patrick was the young woman
met on the train between Deruyter
Canastota when he started out with
and with whom he made an

ft Friday follo

hn ve tv penereteeniiicne

Buyers

If you desire additional funds with
which to complete the purchase of
real estate, we can supply them on
reasonable terms.

This Compan:
der on bond “a
York City.

plating a loan.

TRUST C9
Capital ¢ Surplus, - $11,000,0¢0
176 Broadway, New York,
175 Remsen Street. Brooklyn.
2360 Vultom Street, Jamaica.
Broeklyn Banking Dept., 198 Momtague St.

is the largest len-
mortgage in New
Consult us if contem-

Seventh Lake. Miss Patrick was recalled
to the stand. She told of paving gone to
the Inlet store on July 13 with Miss Westcott
and a Mr. Wilcox he met Gillette there
and talked to him for some time. She
said that she had asked him why he had
not come to see her and be had answered
that he_ bad for, the name of the
camp. He had also said that he expected
to A. home early Monday.

e witness said that she had asked
Gillette where he had been before be had
come to Arrowhead, but that she could not
remember what he had answered. Neither
could Miss Westcott, who had been present
at the same conversation.

Most of the afternoon session was taken
up with the testimony of Under Sheriff
Klock and Sheriff John Richards, who told
ofthe finding of the tennis rackuet. Taking
up his story from the place where Gillette
was told of Grace Brown's death, Mr. Klock
continued: :

“Gillette asked Gross to pay his hotel
bill, which he did, and I started upstairs
with him toward his room. As I left the
office he asked Gillette where he had been
Monday and Tuesday nights, and he replied
that he had been at Raquette Lake. On
the “7, upstairs 1 told him tinge overgthing
he said would be used against him. Then
said to him: ‘You knew the girl was drowned.
What did you do it for?” He said: ‘The
boat upset.’ I said:‘Couldn’t you save the
girl?’ and he replied. ‘I was raid that if I

id try to we would both be drowned.’ ”

Later in his testimony Mr. Klock said that
he asked Gillette three times how the boat
came totip over, and he made three different
answers. The first time he said: “I got upto
fix my hat.” The secondtime he explained
it by saying: “I was reaching out to pick a
pond lily when we tipped over,” and his
third answer to the question was that he
was going to the stern of the boat to talk to
the girl w a>

The under sheriff said that he had noticed
that Gillette’s suit case showed no signs
of having been in the water, and im
the reason for it. The defendant replied
that he had gone ashore to eat lunch with
the girl and had taken his suit case with him.
When he got back into the boat he left it,
he said, where they had partaken of lunch.

The under sheriff said that he had asked
Gillette what had become of the tennis
racket, and he had answered that he our
posed that it was floating in the lake. is
umbrella, he said, he had left on shore.
The suit case and its contents were put in
evidence. None of them showed any signs
of having been in the water. Two of the
exhibits were a linen collar case full of col-
lars and a pair of white socks. They did not
show any signs of a ee

“Did you ask Gillette if he knew that
Grace waa in a d te condition?” asked
the District Attorney.

“I did,” replied Mr. Kleck, “and ‘he said
that he supposed she was.”

; ae he say anything about getting mar-
ried?”

“Yes, I asked him if he expected to be
married, and he answered that he had ar-
ranged to go to the woods and get married
there; that the girl was in a delicate con-
dition and that he did not want to get mar-
ried at her home because of the gossip it
might cause,”

lock said that Gillette had $3.40 when he
was arrested and that when he started
he had had $25 and boughta mileage book
for $10,

Sheriff Jobn Richards was called to tes-
tify about the finding of the tennis racquet.
Gillette had told him where it was, said,
and he had gone once and searched for it
unsuccessfuily, Then he had come back
and accused Gillette of having lied to him.
He told Gillette, he said, that re had been
a reward of $15 offered for its recovery and
that the prisoner could have it if he would
tell him where it was. Gillette told him
again, and this time the Sheriff was able to
find it. It was hidden under a log about
seventy-five feet from the side of Big Moose
Lake road and had been covered with loose
moss and dirt,

A racket in a brown canvas case was
identified by the Sheriff and put in evidence.
The case was covered with black spots,
which might have come from the wet dirt
and moss. The ra@kyet was taken out
of the case and shown to the sang It was
one of apparently good make. he strings
| were all snapped and broken in it and two
flat pieces glued to the sides of the handle
| had become leose. The frame of the racket
| was cracked on the right hand side near the
throat, but so slightly split that the break
could not be seen from a distance. Other-
wise the frame was apparently in good
shape, except that the winding of a near
the throat had become loosened. - The
broken strings and the looseness of the
side pieces on the handle might be ac-
counted for by the three weeks exposure
to the weather which it had to withstand,

On cross-examination the Sheriff testi-
fied that when he had taken the racket
partially out of the case when he found it he

ad not noticed that the side pieces of the
handle were loose. Since then, he said,
it had been under his particular supervision,
first in the jail and then in the Grand Jury
room, This racket is the weapon with
which Chester Gillette is said to have struck
down the girl and its condition was of the
greatest importance to the case.

An edict went forth from the Sheriff's
office to-day forbidding luncheon parties
in the court room during the noon recess.
[ta issuance was a body blow to those who
had been accustomed to come to court in
the morning with a lunch basket and a
lantern prepared to stay all day.

It took the combined efforts of six depu-
ties to shoo the people out of the court
room during the noon session, and even
then some of them tried to sneak down-
stairs and hide in some of the offices below,
waiting for the first chance to get back
to the court room and get good seats, All
day, as usual, the doors of the court house
were besieged by those who had not been
able to get in beforg, the court room was
full. Each door was Kept locked and guard-
ed by a deputy, who would only open it
when the proper kind of a knock was given,
and each atairway to the upper floor also
had a guard to hold up those who, on one
excuse or another, had sneaked by the outer
portal.

CAMPAIGN EXPENSES.

Prohibition State Committee Recetved
82,204 and Spent 62,307,
ALBANY, Nov. 22.—Belated election” ex-
pense statements filed with the Secretary of
State by political committees to-day in-
cluded that of the Prohibition State com-
mittee, which certified that its contributions
amounted to $2,204 and expenditures $2,307.
The largest contributor was Henry ;
Randall, the Gubernatorial candidate, who
gave $545.
The Republican county committee of
; Queens received $6,533, including $3,300
from the Republican State committee and
$1,000 each from Theron H. Burden and
Warren B. Ashmead. The Republican cam-
mign committee of Flushing spent $487.
‘he Hughes volunteer campaigners in New
York spent $1,450.

Michaci J. Regan Appointed State Mediator
of Labor Disputes.

ALBANY, Nov. 22.—Commissioner P. Te-
cumseh Sherman of the State Labor De-
partment to-day announced the appoint-
ment of Michael J. an of Albany State
Mediator of Labor Disputes in the place
made vacant bv the retirement of Robert
W. Hawthorne of New York. The salary 6
$2,100 a year. Mr. Regan hae been —
agent in the dqgeetmess for several ls

ie

wT '~
4 _

ee

aN BS Sea

First Aid to Realty AFTER

terre eS ee SS SSS

eee ee Ten ode

-

THE. ALLEN’S AGAIN.

JEROME WANTS TO KNOW WHO
REFORTIFIED THE PLACE,

Bennett, Alleged Manager, Heid in #2,000
Ball Despite the Protest of Deputy
Attorney-General Fuchs—Latter Be-
fore Grand Jury Refuses te Talk.

The. Allen's poolroom at 80 Sixth avenue
received another visit yesterday afternoon
from District Attorney Jerome's repre-
sentatives. Detective Reardon of Mr. Je-
rome’s office was accompanied by Capt.
Miles O'Reilly of the Mercer street station.
This time the invaders found the place
open and empty. But evidently prepara.
tions had been made to repel future in-
vaders.

The heavy door which was chopped
down on Wednesday, after thirty minutes
work, had been replaced, this time with
a much stouter and heavier door with iron
reinforcements. The door was twice the
thiokness of the original one. On the in-
side were iron crossbars and there was
an iron lock bar six inches in diameter,
which was supported by strong cleats on
each side of the door. There was also a
V-shaped arrangement made of iron, which
could be fitted into a slot in the door and
which made a fine barricade against an
attacking force

Reardon went to the place with a warrant
for the man who was indicted on Wednes-
day with Charles Bennett, said tg be the
manager. Reardon did not find the man
he was seeking; but until the man Mr.
Jerome wants is found it is expected that
the place will have callers from the District
Attorney’s office every day. Mr. Jerome
also intends to get the janitor and the
carpenter who made the new door, &nd
find out who employs them.

Bennett, who was arrested on Wednesday;
was arraigned before Judge O'Sullivan in
General Sessions yesterday. Mr. Jerome
asked for $2,000 bail, Deputy Attorney-
General Emil Fuchs, counsel for Bennett,
said that that was excessive

“This man is a persistent violator of the
law,” said Mr. Jerome. “I intend to go
before the Grand Jury, and have him in-
dicted as a second offender. We also want
to try this case next week, and it is important
that he should be here. This place has been
running a number of years, and this man
has been arrested a number of times as the
doorkeeper.”

Mr. Fuchs said he was anxious for an
early trial. Judge O'Sullivan held Bennett
in $2,000 bail, which was furnished bv an
Eighth street saloon keeper.

A few minutes later Lawyer Fuchs was
called before the Grand Jury. The tnree
young men who failed to show up on
Wednesday were examined by Mr, Jerome
about a poolroom in Fourteenth street where
they had worked. They gave their mght
names, answering all questions. They said
they hadn't employed Fuchs to defend
them and didn’t know who had. So far as
they were concerned they waived the privi-
lege concerning communications between
client and counsel.

_ After learning that Mr. Jerome called
Fuchs. He wanted to know from Fuchs who
had retained him. Fuchs declined to an-
swer, on the ground that it was a privileged
communication. Mr. Jerome said he would
gre him until this morning to think it over.

uchs will be eumntionel’ by Mr. Jerome
to-day, and should he decline to answer it is
Mr. Jerome's intention to have him brought
before Judge O'Sullivan as a recalcitrant
witness.

_ Late in the afternoon Fuchs made a mo-
tion for leave to inspect the minutes taken
before the Grand Jury in Bennett's case.
Mr. Jerome will oppose the motion.

A further inspection was mgede of The
Allen's place yesterday afternoon to find
out where the telephone communication
came from,
from the wall on Wednesday before the
raiders arrived. It was found that the wire
was not one of the New York Telephone Com-
pany'’s system. The investigators couldn't
find out where the wire led to. One
guess was that it was a wire from some ex-
spenge from which racing news is sent out,
Mr. Jerome will question the telephone
officials to see if they can throw any light
on it.

Assistant Distric# Attorney Murphy has
been put in charge of a “gambling bureau"
which Mr. Jerome has formed and a number
of Grand Jury subpoenas have been issued
for to-day and Monday. It is expected that
on Monday poolrooms that have not closed
will be raided by Mr, Jerome. The raids
will all be made on warrants, which will
overrule any objection’ where there is a
Supreme Court injunction against the po-
lice interfering. A representative of a
poolroom owner who has a string of rooms
said last night:

“If Jerome persists in this move, and he
has the cooperation of Police Commis-
sioner Bingham every poolroom in town
will be closed in two weeks. The wise
men-—that is, the men who have consulted
real lawyers—-have closed already. There
is no stopping Jerome with the power
the Dowling law gives him. It is only
the men who don’t know who will take a
chance and be caught. In addition to being
landed themselves, they will get their em-
ployees into trouble. That is something
we have got to look after. We can’t let
the men who work for us get into trouble
and keep out of it ourselves.

“This otery business is preter serious
business. here is no poolroom keeper
in town who knows how many names of
poolroom owners Jerome got the other
day. We do know one thing, and that is
that the fellows who were questioned told
the truth. They gave up everything and
nobody blames them. They had to. Now,
how are we going to stack up against that?
We have consulted lawyers, and we have
been told that there doesn't seem to be any
chance of beating the perjury charge.
That being the case, we'll have to stop,
and you'll see a great exodus from this
town of the boys who have worked in the
poolroom game.”

PATRION’S BODY REINTERRED.

James Wilson Lies in State in Hall Where
He Signed Declaration of Independence.

PHILADELPHIA; Nov, 22,--After having
reposed in a little cemetery at Edenton,
N. C., for more than one hundred years, the
body of James Wilson, a signer of the Declar-
ation of Independence and a jurist, lay in
state to-day in Independence Hall and
then was buried in the yard of Old Christ
Church, beside that of his wife.

The gunboat Dubuque, with the body,
arrived off Chestnut street wharf early
this morning. On the shoulders of six
sailors and escorted by mounted police-
men; United States marines and dis-
tinguished citizens, the body was taken
to the room in Independence Hall, where the
Declaration of Independence was signed,

In the two hours that the body was in
the hall hundreds passed through and
viewed the flag draped coffin.

The body was taken from Independence
Hall to Old Christ Church, where the me-
morial services were held.

Tributes were delivered as follows: For
the bar of Pennsylvania, Samuel Dickson,
chairman of the memorial committee; for
the people of Pennsylvania, Governor Sam-
uel W ennypacker; for the University of
Pennsylvania, Dean
law school; for the American bar, Judge
Alton B. Parker of New York; for the
Scotch Americans, Andrew Carnegie; for
American literature, Dr. S. Weir Mitchell;
for the Congress, Senator P. C. Knox; for
the Supreme Court of the United States,
Justice White; for the American people,
Attorney-General Moody.

Attorney-General Hampton L. Carson de-
livered the Wilson memoria! address.

Following the committal service, a monu-
ment, the duplicate of one at Edonton, was

unveiled Governor Penn the
ey at vase seting.

a
™
Lm i =)

eT ne
—

it Ble
got we

The telephone had been ripped |

 

W. Draper Lewia of the |

4 wes
i,

eid ee Oe ee
a eA kas tinh Se

The Saving Grace

of a garment lies more in
the tailoring and interpre-
tation of correct style than in

the cloth.

Yet you'll grant the cloths as good as the
tailoring on our overcoats at $35.

-

You may choose from a diversity of models sanc-
tioned by good taste and good style, of this season's
favored fabrics,

WM. VOGEL & SON,

Broadway

Houston St

HANDSOME OVERCOATS AND DRESS SUITS.

We
coats,
for zero weather.

collar, lined with our guaranteed all silk satin.
arance of the costliest garments;

every ap

measure $30,

recommend our French Moule cloth for Over-
It is soft as veivet, light in weight, and suitable
We make them plain edges, velvet

Have
to

Our Combination-Full Dress Suit with Tuxedo ‘coat, made of English

Drape, silk lined and faced, oeaa,
Samples given or mailed

style cannot be surpassed at any price.
any address.

ARNHEIM,’

Broadway @

SALT WATER SERVICE TESTED

£4,900 GALLONS A MINUTE ON AN
IMAGINARY FIRE.

This Was Through Twelve Short Lines of
Hose With One Inch and a Quarter
Nozzles —Test Made of the Coney Island
System Satisfactory to Chief Croker.

If there had been a fire any where around
West Eighth street and Surf avenue, Coney

Island, yesterday afternoon, it would have |

been out in a jiffy, because there was a
thirty minute test on of the high pressure
salt water service for fire purposes. For
about half an hour twelve streams were
directed against the air while count was
kept on the hydrant and nozzle pressure
and on the amount of water discharged
in the time. It was a highly satisfactory

test, 90 Fire Chief Edward Croker declared. |

The test didn’t make quite as much fuss

as if it had been held in the middle of the |

summer season, but there were plenty of
persons on hand to see it. It had all the
stage settings of a fire, except that there
were no fire lines and merely as an inci-
dental there were no flames. Three red
automobiles came hustling down Surf
avenue a little before 2 o’clock, bearing a

 

company of bofficialk, among whom were |
Fire Commissioner Lantry, Water Com- |

missioner O’Brien, Fire Chief Croker and
Deputy Chief Binns.

While the automobile squad was off up
to the pumping station at West Eighth

street and the Coney Island Creek, a sort |

of still alarm went out, and just about the
time that the chief and the commissioners
were on the job along came two fire com-
panies from opposite directions. They
were coming just as fest as if there was
a real fire, ond inside two minutes they had
their hoses in line to the bydrants and were
waiting for the signal.

There were three hydrants nearby and
hoses were led from all of them.
to measure the pressure at the base of the
hydrant were put on and the first set of
four hoses began to play on the imaginary
fire. That was well up toward Luna Park.
A casual wagon driver caught some of the
salt water apd got out of the way in a hurry
The salt epray floated over toward a peanut
dealer's place of business and he moved
it at once. The firemen stood holding the
hose while it discharged great volumes of
water in the air. They were all right until
a set of three hoses from another hydrant
in back began to work.

Then they got thoroughly drenched
until the order was roared out, “Play the
hoses on the ground.” With seven hoses
going full tilt the nozzle gauges were ap-
plied from time to time and numberless
records taken. Then Chief Croker recom-
mended starting the third hydrant. That
went in at first with three lines of hose,
which later were increased by two more.

The hydrant pressure from the pumping

|

Ninth Street.

HIS FOUR-IN-HANDS TO BE SHOT.

Provision of the W ill of Thomas A. Maitland,
Lawyer and Whip.

Waire Pains, Nov. 22.—“To my wife
I give $1,000 to be distributed among
my faithful servants who may have lived
with me and are with us at the time of my
death and I earnestly éntreat her to care
for any of my animals that may be in my
possession at the time of my death; notably
my coach team, All Scarlet, Phoenix, Free
Lance and Constitution, and that when
these horses are past service they must be
shot.”

This is one of the clauses in the will of
Thomas A. Maitland, a lawyer, clubman
and whip who died at his country estate at
Rye on the Sound last week, leaving a
large estate. Mr. Maitland was a patron of
the Westchester and New York horse shows
and the four-in-hands he mentions in his
will he exhibited at many horse shows.
He cared for them as if they were human
beings.

The value of Mr. Maitland's estate is not
given in the papers filed at the White Plains
Surrogate’s office to-day, but it ia believed
that his estate will amount to about $250,000.
In the beginning of his will be gives $1,000
to the pastor of the Roman Catholic Church
at Rye Neck for masses to be said after his
death.

He gives to his wife Helen V. Maitland,
$5,000 to be “distributed by her under the
guidance of the Roman Catholic Archbishop
of New York among the poorest churches and
charitable institutions of the diocese, share
and share alike.

Upon the death or remarriage of Mrs.
Maitland Mr. Maitland directs that his
estate, three-fourths of which is left to the
widow, shall be divided between his daugh-
ters Helen and Agnes. Then he adds this
clause:

“Should any of my children elect to be-

| come religious, either priest or nun, then
| they will only receive half of their share and

Gauges |

station more than half a mile away was |

figured at about 120 pounds as a minimum
and 135 as a maximum. The pumping
station was supplying water at 150 pounds
pressure and the loss, considering t dis-
tribution, was accounted slight. he nozzle

force varied al] the way from 55 to 80 pounds |

pressure, one line reaching as high as 90
pounds. This force distributed water with

all twelve lines at work at the rate of 4,900 |

gallons a minute. The display was on for
about a half hour, so that close to 150,000
gallons of water were played at high pres-
sure in the air

‘This, it was estimated, was equivalent to
the supply that could be got from a main
1 inches in diameter. Water was flowing
through twelve hoses each 1'4 inches in
diameter.

The test was favored by the |

fact that the hoses were in short lengths, |

none being more than 150 feet long.
was figured that the loss would be about
seven and a half pounds nozzle
for every. 50-foot length of hose added.

The tables that were made out will be
figured down very carefully and the tabu-
lated results will be ready very soon. The
cheapness of the new system and the ease
with which supply may be obtained is the
great recommendation. Chief Croker said
yesterday that he hoped that the two Brook-
yn plants would soon be in readiness.

NEW HAVEN ROAD HAS NO PLANS

For Transatiantic Service to Replace Red
Star and Leyland Lines.

New Haven, Nov. 22.—In reference to

It | of professional ethios,
ranean | Tucker, Virginia; David J. Brewer, Justice
ressure | of the Supreme Court of the United

the remaining one-half is to be divided
among the others, as I don’t think that a
religious person will require sa much as a
person of the world.”

Mr. Maitland, who wrote his own will on
four pages of foolscap paper, names his
widow, Helen, and George Coppel of Man-
hattan executors.

NEW PLAN TO HALT SCORCHERS,

Police Will Carry Spiked Planks to Throw
Before Speeding Autos,

Crncinnati, Nov. 22.—Park Superin-
tendent Rodgers decided to-day to adopt
drastic measures in regulating the speeding
of automobiles in the parks. Mr. Rodgers
said to-night

“I have told all the park police that a
formal order will be issued to-morrow
regarding auto opeeming.

“In this order I shall instruct the police
to take six foot planks an inch and a half
thick and drive through them long spikes
filed to a sharp point. 7

“When they see an automobile exceedin
thes 1 Jimits they will throw these spik
planks in the path of the car and puncture
the tires.

“The ordinance limits speed ith the parks
to six miles an hour, but cars often run
at forty an hour.”

Committee on Code of Legal Ethics.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 22.—Former Judge
Alton B. Parker, president of the American
Bar Association, has named the following

committee to draft the association's code
Henry St. George

States;

William Wirt Howe, Louisiana; Francis

| Lynde Stetson, New York; James G. Jenkins,

the announcement that the LeylandLine ani |

the Red Star Line, which have been docking
their ships at the wharves of the New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad in South
Boston and sending their cargoes out over
that road, are to move the first of January,
one to go to the Boston and Albany and one

}
|
|

to the Boston and Maine, President Mellen |

of the New Haven road said to-night:

“I presume that the Leyland and Red
Star steamship companies have left us and
gone to other lines because they can do

otter,”

No plans have been made by the Ne
Haven road to get direct transatlantic
shipping connections. Mr. Mellen declined
to make any further statement about the
plans of his company.

Continental
c

Rubber Co.'s Big Mexican

Purchase.

Austin, Tex., Nov. 22.--A despatch from
Torreon, Mexico, says that the Continental
Rubber Company has purchased 400,000
acres of rubber land in northern Mexico
from Pecedes de la Pena of Torreon for
$4,000,000 Mexican, which is equal to
$2,000,000 gold. It is eatimated t the
land will yield 400,000 tons of guayule;
which is now selling at $40 per ton.

gia. i
ms) hk 0k

ent i aes

Wisconsin; Ezra R. Thayer, Massachusetts;
Franklin Ferris, Missouri; Lucien Hugh
Alexander, Pennsylvania, and Frederick V.
Brown, Minnesota.

Go to Albany
for FURS!

Quite a good many
would if they knew
is to shop at

COTRELL & LEONARD'S

Annnnnnsnnnsannw
handsome Store on Broadway
the station. —

Fine Russian Sables, choice Mink,

(the Finest in the World Are
Trapped in Northern New
York, and We Buy From the
Trappers)
Ermine, Seal, Persian, Caracul, Pony,
made into Women’s Coats and Sets.

can be purchased at much leas than
the same can be bought in New York.

Dark Raccoon Coats

for Auto use are a apecialty.
Take the Empire at 8:30 and be back
by 8 P.M. if you like, and spend some
pleasant hours in Cotrel «&
ard's handsome, comfortable store in
Albany.

pple do. More
ow enjoyable it

near

.

PB. Altman & Co.

FIFTH AVENUE
| THIRTY.FOURTH AND THIRTY-FIFTH STREETS

od

EXHIBIT OF

FRENCH TROUSSEAUX, INFANTS’ OUTFITS
AND FINE LACES

B. Altman & Ca, are exhibiting extremely fine
French Trousseaux, hand made, of the mow delicate fabrics,
trimmed with rare laces, in reproductions of antique
makes, combined with the choicest hand embroidery—
especially designed for B. Altman & Co,—comprising
Bridal Sets at: $2,000, $1,700, $1,600 and $1,200;
also individual garments at $1,100, $750-and $425.

and fine lace making.

 

IN DR. WALTER REEDS HONOR,

Tablet Erected in Memory of Noted Yellow
Fever Expert.

The Kings County Hospital Alumni
Association has placed a bronze tablet
4x3 feet in the Institution at Flatbush to
the memory of the late Dr. Walter Reed,
a former interne of the hospital and a yellbw
fever specialist. The tablet bears

inecription:

“Erected by the Association of Ex-In-
ternes of the Kings County Hospital to the
memoryof Walter Reed . D,, interne in
this hospital, 1871. Majcr and surgeon
U. 8. A,, chairman United States Yellow
Fever Commission, 1900-1901. He ro
the pestilence of its terrors and caused
the cities of the Southland to sit in peace

within their gates.”

Gallatin —Hackstafr,.

Miss Margar, Hoffman Hackstaff and
Albert Gallati were married yesterday
afternoon in Trinity Chapel. The ceremony
was performed by the vicar, the Re¥. Dr. Will-

. Vibbert, and the bride was given aw
Ry her father, Charies Ludovic Hackstaff.
The bride was attended by her sister, Miss
Mai E. H taff, as maid of honor. Caryl
Hecketal, was the flower maiden and the
Misses Elizabeth B. Delafield, Gladys Pell,
Marien Stoddard Mery Watson, Lop Kidder
and Dorothy Kidder were ‘bridesmaids.
Goelet Gallatin was the best man and Fred-
eric Gallatin, Thomas Lincol anson, Jr.,
Seymour Johnson, Reginald verlee Willis’
Henry T. Fairbanks and Cliffo Wheaton
Vaughan were ushers. Afterward Mr. and
Mrs, Hackstaff, the bride's parents, gave a
reesestoe at their home, 58 Eaat Fifty-seventh
street.

Sargeant —Thomas.

The wedding of Miss Estelle Thomas and
Harry Sargeant was celebrated yesterday
afternoon at the home of the bride's
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Thomas, 201 Week
Fifty-fifth street. There were no brides-
maids or ushers. Robert Maclay assisted
the bridegroom as best man

FINE. LACES
A collection of Real Laces, in which are represented the
more exclusive makes of Burano, Point de Genes, Point
d'Argentella, Point d'Alencon, and others, in patterns de-
signed expressly for B. Altman & Co. Also unique pieces
of old lace of English, Italien, Spanish and Flemish schools.
Bridal Veils with matched series of laces, in Point d’Alencon,
Valenciennes, Point Duchessefjand other makes.

AN INSPECTION IS INVITED

|

this | to the

|

 

ALSO INFANTS’ WEAR, COMPRISING EXCEEDINGLY
FINE GARMENTS AND REQUISITES,
including an exquisite Outfit, consiting of Christening Set
and Cradle, rare examples of artiftic French hand-work

Price $3,000.

#4

STATE PURCHASES LAND.

Adds 26,000 Acres to Forest Park and
Buys Watkins Gien for 646,612.50
ALBANY, Nov. 22.—Announcement was

made to-day of the purchase for the State

by the Adirondack Forest Purchasing Board
of 24,000 acres of forest land in township

34, Hamilton county, and 2,300 acres in an

adjoi township, the land to be added

tate Forest Park. The land was
formerly owned by the uette Falls Land

Company, which dis: of it for $6.50

anacre. The land is well covered by both

hard and soft woods, and its acquisition ”
is regarded as the most important pur-
chase made by the State in some time.

The Raquette Falls Land Company is a
corporation of George Under-
wood, Congressman Louis W. Emerson,
Patrick Moynihan of Glens Falls, George
N. Ostrander of Albany, and others. The

roperty embraces the watersheds of the

Raquette and Rock rivers and is bounded

by State lands, so as to complete‘a holding

by the State of some 125,000 acres.

The State Land Board to-day purchased
Watkins Glen, Schuyler county, for $46.-
512.50. The property was owned by the
estate of the late Andrew H. Green.

RIOT IN STEAMER'’S STEERAGE.

Haverford's Crew, With Pistols, Quell War
Between German and Russian immigrants.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 22.—The steamshi
Haverford, with 1,040 rson board,
managed to gc to port to-day after being
held up at Delaware breakwater by fog
since Sunday afternoon.

About a hundred other craft came up
with her, all having been in the same pre-
dicament. ,

_In the Haverford « there was a
riot that was only quelled after the whole
ships crew, with drawn pistols, put a score
of the fighters in irons. Trouble had been
brewing between German and Russian
uaaespate since the Haverford eailed
from Liverpool on November 7,

FIFTH AVENUE

THIRTY-FOURTH AND THIRTY-FIFTH STREETS

BOYS’ CLOTHING DEPARTMENT

A sale has been prepared for this day (Friday), and
Saturday, embracing the following @yles in
Boys’ Winter Clothing :

Norfolk Suits with two pairs of knickerbocker trousers :

sizes nine to sixteen years
Reeters, sizes five to fourteen years
Overcoats, sizes ten to sixteen years

$6.00
- «+ $7.00
$7.00 and 9.00

POLO LAAN LALA PLLLPD IED PPPS IOP PPPLEP EPROP EID Pee
RELA PL AP

MEN'S SCARFS

and GLOVES

This day (Friday), and Saturday, the following selecions
of Men's Scarfs and Gloves will be offered at
considerably less than the usual prices:

SILK SCARFS, folded Pa regular four-in-hands, and
ots,

65c. each

$7.00 per dozen

GLOVES, one-clasp grey sede pique, $1.35 per pale