—

OWNERS OF MUNICIPAL CRIB.

BOTH MAYOR SCHMITZ AND BOSS
RUEV ARE REPRESENTED.

 

 

pirowher of One and Private Counsel of the
ther Draw Dividends for Them From
San Francisco's Worst Plague Spot—
«rand Jury Hears of More Graft,

oo”

San Francisco, Nov The main in-
terest in the proceedings of the Grand Jury
o-day centred in the testimony of A.
\ndrieu, who revealed that Herbert
schmitz, a younger brother of the Mayor,
wand Henry Ach, Abe Ruef’s confidential
counsel, are among the owners of the un-
speakable disorderly house known as the
Municipal Crib

Graney, the prize fight referee, was also
hefore the jury, and revealed that Ruef was
the owner of one-quarter of the stock of the
Relvedere Music Hall, but Graney declared

solemnly that he gave this valuable stock |

to Ruef through friendship, and not because
he believed Ruef's influence was essential to
BICCOERS,

Graney’s testimony was explicit in re-
gard to Ruet’a ownership and from memo-
randa he showed that the boss had drawn
dividends amounting to $550 each. Graney
,as forced to make these revelations be-
cause he knew that Heney had got the
«rocker-Woolworth bank books showing
cheeks for Ruef's share of the profits.

Graney in his testimony tried to soften
every statement for Ruef, but the facts
vere a deadly indietment of the boss and

erved to clinch the testimony of Coffroth
and to establish a clear case of extortion
against Ruet.

Ihe testimony of Andrieu, one of the
iribe known as “Macqueraux,” proved a

ymbshell in the Grand Jury room. An-
‘rie; gave facts which showed clearly that
both Mayor Schmitz and Reuf derived

venue from one of the most vicious re-
sorts in the city which would not have been
permitted to ran a single day without their
ection.

\ndrieu testified that with several others;

luding Diek Creighton and Jerry Dris-

i}, formerly prominent in local politics

dey old blind Boss Buckiey, he started

disorderly house at 712 Pacific street,
jv a block away from the Municipal Crib.

It cost $15,000 to open the place three
seeks ago. Andrieu paid $440 a week for
police protection, yet his place was shut

» last Sunday by the police because, he

iys, it was eutting into the revenue of
the Municipal Crib.

He ascribed che closing of his place di-
rectly to Ruef and then in response to
qneations gave the names of the ownera of

the municipal crib, which both Schmitz
ind Ruef have solemnly declared they
had no interest in. Among the owners

re Joseph Michael, Billy Finnegan, Emetro
Lasetrato, a lawyer; George W Maxwell,
ex-Fire Commiasioner: Henry Ach, coun-
sel and personal representative of Ruef
and Herbert Schmitz, the mayor's younger
brother.

Andrieu said he knew absolutely that the
list was correct and that Ach was merely
a dummy for Ruef, while Herbert Schmitz
represented the Mayor and turned his
share of profits to the Mayor.

Besides the share of profits to the Mayor
and Ruef, they drew down most of the pro-
tection money put up to save the Municipal
Crib from raids, This amounted to $1,500
a week,

There are 150 rooms in the Crib and the
disreputable women who occupy them pay
from $5 to $7a day, making a revenue of
about $800 a day, with very small expenses.

Andrieu gave his testimony in a clear,
straightforward manner [that was very
convincing. His revelations furnish the
worst showi that has yet been made

ainet the Mayor and Ruef, for this es-
tablishment has been infamous ever since
it started. Preachers and other reformers
have vainly tried, to shut it up.

MAYOR SCHMITZ DUE TO-DAY.

 

Will Probably Not Be Arrested Unill He
Gets to San Francisco.

Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz of San Fran-
cisco, against whom a Grand Jury of that
city brought indictments for extortion on
November 15, is a passenger with his wife
on the steamer Patricia, which was sighted
off Nantucket at 4:15 yesterday afternoon
and will dock this morning. When the boat
is boarded this morning the Mayor will
doubtless know for the first time that he
has been indicted, since the San Francisco
prosecutors did not publish the fact until
the day after the Patricia left Hamburg,
and the vessel is said to be without wire-
leas apparatus.

Despatches from San Francisco say that
the Mayor will not be put under arrest
immediately upon his arrival here, but that
a special detective from the District Attor-
ney’s office there will be at the dock to ad-
vise him of the indictment and to remain
with him on the trip to the West. No call
upon the local police has been made.

Mayor Schmitz was in Germany when
he heard that Francis J. Heney of Port-
land, Ore.; had been made a special deputy
District Attorney of San Francisco to in-
vestigate the system of graft alleged to have
been operative in the municipal govern-
ment. Schmitz cut short his visit abroad
and made eens to hurry home and
defend himself.

THE BATTLESHIP COLLISION,

 

 

wimeerr of the Virginia Held Blameless
by the Department.

WasArNoTon, Nov. 22.—The Navy Depart-
ment has completed its review of the report
received several days ago on the accident
in Hampton Roads some weeks ago, when
the Old Dominion liner Monroe ran into the
battleship Virginia. The officers of the
battleship are held blameless. A law of
navigation is that an overtaking vessel
must take care of herself and any attempt
*> pass a preceding ship is at her own risk.

n the present case, the Monroe, com-
ing from behind, endeavored to pass the
Virginia in a narrow channel. The captain
of the ship, it seems, after getting close
to the Virginia, changed his mind and
stopped his engines. His bow swung
around, was caught in the suction caused
by the inturning screws of the Virginia and
the two vessels crashed together. Offi-
cera of the navy who have seen the reports
and who know the law say that the captain
of the Monroe was to blame.

It is believed that the Government has
grounds for action to recover the amount
expended in repairs to the Virginia. The
damage altogether amounted to about
$5,000, An equal sum was needed to make
repairs on the Monroe.

 

BOY TAKES A

Hut the Gerry Society Has Got Him Now
for Stealing the Rig.

August Ghessi, 10 years old, of 7 Baxter
street, saw a newspaper wagon standing
in front of 63 Park Row last night, and it
struck him that it would be great fun to
take a ride. He jumped in and started
toward the Bowery on a trot.

The driver of the wagon, John Bottigliso,
came out just in time to see his horse and
wagon disappearing up the row. Another
wagon was standing near, and Bottigliso
leaped into it and gave chase.

Up Park row raced the two, then into
Baxter street, where Bottigliso overhauled
the youth and tirned him over to Policeman
Dineen, of the Oak street station. Bottig-
liso made a complaint of grand larceny
against the boy and he was turned over to
the Gerry society.

RIDE,

 

 

 

Pennsytvania Koad Puts Of 100 Men.

PitrssurG, Nov. 22.--One hundred men
fi the Verona shops of the Allegheny Valley
«ivision of the Pennsylvania Railroad
were laid off last night. There was no
notice of any kind. The men were called
to the office one after the other and in-
farmed that their services would not be
required after 6 o'clock

A large percentage of those laid off have
been in the employ of the company for from
20 to % years.

    

ET

THE BASSETT DIVORCE CASE.

Mr. Bassett Names the Rev. E. Lawrence
Hunt as Corespendent,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.—Hearing was be-
gun to-day in Equity Court No, 2, before
Judge Gould, of the suit for divorce brought
by Charles C. Bassett, a topographer in
the Geological Survey, against ‘hia wife,
Fanny Rice Bassett, in which the Rev,
E. Lawrence Hunt, pastor of the Noble
Street Presbyterian church of Brooklyn,

is named as corespondent.

Mrs. Bassett is the daughter of the late
Senator Rice of Arkansas. The couple
was married here fifteen years ago and
resided in Washington until about a
year ago, when Mrs. Bassett went to
Vive in Omaha, where she also instituted
divorce proceedings, which are now pend-
ing in the Nebraska courts. In the present
suit the husband asks for the custody of
four children, but disowns the parentage
| of a fifth child, born March 12, 1905, which
| bears the name of Lawrence Bassett.

 

| Mr. Hunt was pastor of the Westminster
and the Washington Heights Presbyterian
churches and in 1903 was a prominent can-
didate fér the chaplaincy of the United
States Senate, Mrs. Bassett was a mem-
ber of his congregation and was actively
enlisted in her pastor's candidacy for office.

None of the three parties to the suit was
in court when the case was called to-day,
and Mrs. Bassett has not even entered her
appearance in the proceedings by replyin
to the charges against her. The. Rev. Mr.
Hunt, however, led through his counsel

 

a general denial of the husband's allega-
tions against him and makes spegifio denial
that he was at Atlantic City and other
places at the same time as Mrs. Bassett, as
charged in the bill. He also denies the
paternity of the child Lawrence, which
was born some nine or ten months after the
Baasetts are said to have separated
But little progress was made in the case
to-day, for after the presentation of the
statement of the charges by Attorney Colla-
day, representing Mrs. Bassett, and the
von of Mr. Hunt, proceedings were sus-
pended until Monday, when the reading
of the depositions taken before the com-
missioner will be begun. As the witnesses
number fifty-two it is expected the tral
will last three or four days.
Among the depositions is one by John
| G. Carlisle of New York, contradicting a
statement alleged to have been made by
Mrs. Bassett while stomping with her cousin,
Mrs. O'Rourke, at Highbridge, N. Y., in
1904, in explaining her absence for several
) days by saying she was visiting Mrs. Car-
| lisle at Far Rockaway. Mr. Carlisle de-
| clares that Mrs. Bassett had never visited
his wife. Onanother occasion, it is charged,
she was absent from Mrs. (©'Rourke’s
| for several days “visiting the ‘Tillotsons,”
Her husband presents an affidavit from
Mr. Tillotson denying that she had visited
them.
|
{
|
{
)
}
|
|
}
}
|
'

 

DISMISSING NEGRO TROOPERS.

 

The Presfdent’s Order Is Betog Executed
at Fort Reno.

»

WASHINGTON, Nov ~The War Depart-
ment was advised this afternoon by the
commandant at Fort Reno that Secretary
Taft's welegram directing that the Presi-
dent's order dismissing the colored troopers
be executed had been received and that
the members of the three companies con-
cerned in the Brownsville riot would be
dismissed in groups of twenty-five daily
until all are discharged. There was no
change in the situation to-day, although
protests continue to come in to the Depart-
ment against the action

Representative Hull of Lowa, chairman
of the House Committee on Military Affairs,
saw Secretary Taft to-day and incidentally
talked about the matter of the negro troops.
Mr. Hull said that there was no doubt about
the legal authority of the President to dis-
charge the men without honor and to de-
bar them from reenlistment. The Presi-
dent or any of his successors in office might,
however, remove this disability, although
he expressed the oe that such removal
of disability would not entitle a man dis-
missed to his continuous service record.
Mr. Hull said it was not improbable that
the subject might be discussed by Congress
and perhaps some investigation ordered,
but he was unable to see what else Congress
could do. Mr. Hull did not criticise the
action of the President. -

-GuTHrtik, Okla., Nov. 22.—-The discharge
and paymeng of negro troops in the
battalion at rt Reno were resumed this
morning and one-half of a company was dis-
missed, making a total of one full company
mustered out of service. The War Depart-
ment is discharging half a company a
day. There are two more companies, and
their dismissal will require four days
time. The discharge of the troops to-day
was meee a routine matter, only the
officers and men knowing anything about it.

 

NIAGARA FALLS,

SAVE
That Is the Subject of Hundreds of Letters
Recelved by Secretary Taft.
Wasuninoron, Nov. 22.--Secretary of War
|

 

Taft’s office force is having a busy time

|
al ec: ‘
caring for hundreds of postal cards and | actually

letters begging Mr. Taft to save Niagara
Falls. They area result of the propaganda
of the American Civic Association to stop
the wholesale use of water for electric
power. Next Monday there is to be a hear-
ing at the War Department which will
have a material bearing on the situation

At that time Mr. Taft will listen to argu-
ments concerning the amount of power
to be brought into this country from the
plants on the Canadian side. By an act of
Congress the Secretary has the power to
limit the importation of power. If a large
amount of power is permitted to be im-
ported from Canada, then the planta on
the other side will use all the more water
and will consequently affect the beauty of
the falle. The communications to the
Secretary of War come from all parts of
the country.

 

JOHNSONS WED AGAIN,

 

Mayor Tom's Son Had Been Married Three
Years Before Tarrytown Wedding.
CLEVELAND, Nov. Friends of Loftin
E. Johnson, son of Mayor Tom Johnson,
were surprised to-day to learn that he was
secretly married August 21, in Tarrytown,
N. Y., to Mias Emma Elizabeth Hafoar of
West Nutley, N. J. Then came the an-
nouncement from his father that he had

been married for three years.

He was told that the records show that
he was married last August.

“Oh, that’s all right,” he said, “they
probably got married over again just for
the fun of it.”

Neither the Mayor nor Mrs. Johnson
would tell where the young couple are at
present, nor would they give _ informa-

e. Young

22.-

tion concerning the son's brid
Johnson is in business in New York.

KE. HW. HARRIMAN’S SON INJURED,

 

His Pony Stumbles and Throws the Lad
Into a Ditch,

LaKkEwoop, N. J., Nov. -Roland
Harriman, the ten-year-old son of E. H.
Harriman, is a pupil at Pine Lodge School,
six miles from here.
thrown from his pony while
with several companions.

At a turn of the road he veered off to
make way for a farmer's wagon, and his
pony stumbled and rolled over into a ditch,
carrying his rider with him.

The fall stunned him, but he was able to
walk to the school with the assistance of
his companions. Dr. Charles L. Lindle
found that his collar bone was fractured.
At his age the inujry is not
very serious.

oo

Yesterday he was

out riding

considered

New Pter for Jersey Central.
The Central Railroad of New Jersey,
through its chief engineer, J.O. Osgood, has
awarded to W. H. Jenks of New York a

 

anne tor penne S a pier 900
an eet w at the railroad’s
terminal in we

ys iu 43 th is we i sr) pied) r

 

ee eat eer ee

, gentlemen
| police

 

|

|

 

. port

 

va , ’ ee Tee SR ee ~

LAWS TO IMPROVE THE POLICE

ELIMINATING THE SICKENING
THUD WILL BE ONE ATTEMPT.

 

The Sickening Thud, as Mr. MeAdoo Elu-
cidates te the Improvers, Comes When
a Police Commissioner Tries to Rise
Above the Power That Made Him.

In answer to a cail issued by R. Fulton
Cutting, chairman of the Citizens’ Union,
and George McAneny, chairman of the
City Club's committee on police, forty
interested in improving the
met yesterday afternoon at the
United Charities Building in East Twenty-
second street. Mr, Cutting called the
meeting to order, and after expressing
regret that the cali had met with no greater
response declared that it was not intended
as a criticism of the present head of the
department.

Isaac Seligman was chosen chairman.
Mr. McAneny moved that the chair ap-
point a committee of thirty or more to
decide what should be done and to appoint
an executive committee to frame bills to
do it, the bills to be presented to the next
Legislature. Mr. McAneny’s motion wks
carried at the end of the session, but in the
meantime the reformers were asked to dis-
cuss what should be done,

Arthur Woods, an instructor at Groton
School, who compiled the pamphlet, “The
Police Problem in New York City,” recently
published by the bureau of city betterment
of the Citizens’ Union, told how he did it
and presented three suggestions, which by
common consent were made the chief topics.
Mr. Woods thought that what was most
needed was promotion for merit, increase
of power to enable the Commissioner to
reduce inspectors to the rank of captain
at will anda longer term for the head of the
Police Department.

Most of the discussing was done by former
Commissioner of Police William MeAdoo,
who paid the force many compliments
and then announced that if he could have
found twenty-five absolutely honest men
for his vice squad and had not been “be-
trayed” he could have closed every gam-
bling place in the greater city. Mr. McAdoo
remarked in parentheses that even with
the material he had he left only twenty-five
gambling places open when he _ retired,
and that these were protected by the highest
er in the land, injunctions granted
»y the courte.

He was convinced that all graft would
disappear as soon as the police force was
taken out of politics.

“At present,” said Mr. McAdoo, “a Com-
missioner going to Mulberry street to im-
molate himself on the altar of duty is asked
to rise above the power that made him.
If he does, the law of gravitation will assert
itself and he falls with a sickening thud.”
|(Mavor McClellan appointed Mr. McAdoo.|

Mr. McAdoo advocated a detective bureau
shaped somewhat on the lines of Sootland
Yard, larger prizes of promotion and pay,
and a long or lifetime tenure of office for
the head of the department

Prominent among those present at the
meeting were four of the old committee
of nine who tried their hand at police
reforming last spring. They were Mr.
Seligman, H. De Forest Baldwin, George

McAneny and William Chureh Osborn.
Others who attended the meetin were
the Rev. John P. Peters, Marcus M. Marks

of the National Civic Federation, Col. C.
H. Jones, Charles Loring Brace and the
Rev. Thomas R. Slicer

Mr. Seligman said that he would appoint
the committee of thirty within tbe next
two weeks.

CHINA REPUDIATES PLEDGES.

Italy, Like German), Fails to Make a
Treaty With the Pekin Government.
WasuHInotTon, Nov. 22.--Every effort on

the part of the Italian Government

make a treaty with China in accordance
with the terms of the protocol of peace of

1901 has failed because of the attitude of

the Chinese Government, and the negotia-

tions have ceased entirely. The reason
for the failure has not been clearly defined,
but China, according t mail advices from

to

that country, is to blame. The failure
was quite similar to that last year of the
German mission to Pekin,

One of the conditjons upon which the
Powers helped China straighten things

out in 1900 was that there be certain amend-
ments t the various treaties of commerce
and navigation. Soon after China had
become calm again after the Boxer troubles
the negotiations were taken up. A treaty
between China and Great Britain in Sep-
tember, 1902, was the first result. In Oc-
tober, 1903, Japan and the United States
concluded treaties with China, and Portu-
gal concluded ab agreement in 1904. Ger-
many tried to reach an agreement, but
failed, and now Italy is in the same posi-
tion. The recent outbreak of anti-foreign
sentiment has impeded the progress of
the negotiations.

In the meantime the treaties which have
been conclided are ineffective
to a great extent because of the provision
of the protocol of peace that certain agree-
ments should not become effective until
made with all of the signatory Powers.
Besides this, it is pointed out that there
has been no fulfilment of the agreements
between China and Japan, Creat Britain
and the United States to initiate and con-
clude the revision of the mining regu-
lations, to provide for uniform national
coinage, and to make seme provision affect-
ing trademarks.

fraly's greatest trouble in her recent
negotiations was that China wished every-
Thing and would give nothing in return,
tt is not known in Washington just what
Italy desired. At all events the breaking
off of negotiations has caused something
of a stir. In an editorial article concern-
ing the pement question of China's atti-
tude on the commercial treaty question the
North China Daily News recently said that
China seems to have adopted her present
attitude for the pleasure of flouting the
foreigner and repudiating her pledged
word. The article says in part

“The question now becomes whether any
other of the Powers will consider it worth
ae mes end pm ng Set pe allfor treaty re-
vision without some fresh understanding, and
whether other steps will not be required to
enforce a fulfilment of this engagement of
the protocol It is not a matter of a rebuff
to Germany or Italy, but a matter of the
attitude generally of China toward foreign-
ors and of her good faith in redeeming
pledges which extricated her from a position
of complete helplessness, From the Chinese
point of view also it is a matter of postpon-
ing indefinitely the freedom she seeks from
a series of galling disabilities under which
she labors,

“Each of thegew treaties ao far concluded
contains clause® holding out promises lead-
ing up to the abolition of extraterritoriality,
to the prohibition of the importation of
morphia and to the assembling of a joint
commission to investigate the missionary
problem and to devise means to secure
permanent peace hetween converts and
non-converts. With every fresh adhesion
to these principles China has gained a
point, but she is ready, it would seem, to
sacrifice all of these for the pleasure of
flouting whe foreigrer and repudiating hgr
piedgo word.

Arr’ ard Navy Orders,

WasHTNouy, Nov. 7 army
da)

were tssueo ¥
Ninth Infantcy, from Madison bar

Company 8,
racks, N. ¥ » Plattsburg barracks

These orders

Contsas) Surgeon J Marchal Wheate, from
Bolse, “Caho. to Fort Yellowstone

These navy orders @ere issued

Lieutenant Commander F. H. Clarke, to Bridge

Conn., a8 assistant inspector of ordnance

Lieutenant Commander H. H. Hough, from the
Cleveland to home and wait orders

Lieut. F, ft Seranton, from recruiting station,
Denver, to naval station, Tutulla, Samoa

Lieut. T. DD. Parker, from the Columbia and
continue treatment at naval hospital, New York

Lieut. R. S. Douglas, from the Tesas to the
Cleveland a8 executive

Lieut. J. H. Comfort, from recrujting party No.
4 to recruiting station, Denver

Lieut. D. V. H. Allen, from the Tesas to recruit
ing dury

idshipman W. ©. Ulrich, discharged from

treatment at naval hospital, New gers and sick
Jeave for one month granted.

ad,

Unt TENS edt aan s ee
nikal ile Ak

 

i

Se

 

ee

ash

ys 7% see “

 

ety iH HH I i

men

‘i 1
TT TT Pou
wi
NM! ¥
WD)

THE SUN FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 23. 1906.

a

Mey

 

‘0

i

rae)

is much experience
brought to the foot-ball
field, besides athletic train-

ing.

 

 

"Vhigne

"|

aad
Tn
ih}
ATHY
Wn

inn
i!

4

. wager MUN UKE) UERPNENIE LT TTY
testinal MIR Ae Wee ag yin yy
yor AAG a yg MA A EL nid oe een ll

osu ONT (lie le

nit

i

The players show it in

their form--the crowd in their
selection of

MURAD

CIGARETTES

No other cigarette so thoroughly satis-

fies the connoisseur.

To use them

argues a thorough appreciation of
finest quality.
“THE METROPOLITAN STANDARD”

10 for 15 cents

   

NEW IDEA MEN ORGANIZING,

 

Mayor ks Unanimously Hlected

Chairman,
A temporary organization of the central
Republican committee of Hudsen county
was effected last night by the followers of

Pagan

the New Idea at an enthusiastic meeting |
in Elks Assembly Hall in Jersey City
Mayor Fagan was unanimously elected

chairman,

Resolutions were adopted setting forth
that the regular Republican county com-
mittee had failed to make provision for
the primary on December 5 for the election
of the committeemen, and it would there-
fore be useless for the New Idea people
to make a contest. A list of the principles
which it was thought ought to be enacted
into law was adopted.

The proposed constitution of the Inde-
nendents’ committee, as read by Secretary
*. J. Higgins, was drafted on lines similar
to the constitution of the Republican county
committee, with several exceptions, notable
among which was a provision that every
Republican whose name appears on the
regular registry list shall be entitled to vote
at a primary election, and that every can-
didate who runs at a pesnery shall be en-
titled to appoint watchers and challengers

for duty at the primary elections. The
constitution was laid over until the next
mMeehng

CHINA JEALOUS OF JAPAN,

Rumor That There Is Talk of Boycotting

Japanese Goods in Manchuria,

WasHINGTON, Nov, 22.-A rumor has
come to Washington from China that there
is a general talk among the natives of Man-
churia of a boycott of Japanese goods, |
but there is nothing to show that the agita-
tion has gained any very great headway,
or that actual operation of the movement
is likely to appear soon. The reasons are
also lacking, except for an expression of |
opinion that the Chinese are dissatisfied
with the Japanese control of Manchuria
since the war. This is borne out by the
advices from Pekin telling of China's ob- |
structive attitude with respect to the opera.
tions of the Manchurian railway by the
Japanese. The Japanese are making rapid
headway in their campaign for the markets
in Manchuria and are now far in advance
in this respect of Great Britain and the
United States, her principal competitors

Further confirmation has come to Wash-
ington of the decision of the Chinese Govern-
ment to stop sending the young men of
the country to Japan to school. ‘there has |
been no formal decree to this effect, but
there is a general and well defined move.
ment to discourage the education of the
young Chinese in the schools of Japan. It
is Said here that it will be difficult for the
Government in Pekin to stop the present
practice, The stucent from China in Japan
can live for about one-fourth of what it
would cost him in any other country, he
is more or less familiar with the customs
of the country, and Japan is comparatively
very near to the shores of China. From
the various bita of information which have
reached Washington from China it would
seem that China fears, to some extent at
least, Japanese predominance in her do.
minions and does not desire the Japanese
to gain too great headway.

 

Movements Of Naval Vessels.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— The cruiser Des
Moines has arrived at Port Antonio and
the cruiser Chattanooga at Chefoo

The collier Cesar has sailed from Port
Said for Algiers, the gunboat Wasp from
Newport for Hampton Roads, the bhattle-
ship Louisiana, the armored cruiser Ten-
nessee and the cruiser Washington from
Ponce for Cape Henry, the cruiser Raleigh
from Chefoo for Cavite, the cruiser Prairie
from Havana for Hampton Roads, the gun-
boat Helena from Kiukiang for Hankow
and the collier Brutus from Colombo for
Suez

 

One Vote for Murphy for Governor.

In the canvass yesterday of the vote |
of the Twenty-seventh Assembly district
it was found that one vote coast
for Charles F. Murphy for Governor. In

the _runni between Mayor McClellan
and Leader urphy, for this the Mayor
ia in the lead. He hasa of two votes
to his credit, Ro sca

vw

   

Ss. ANARGYROS
Manufacturer

111 Fifth Avenue
New York

STILLINGS WANTS TO BE HEARD.

 

The Pobite Printer Will Demand an Investl-
gation of His Office.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.—Charles D. Still-
ings, the Publie Printer, has decided to
demand a thorough investigation of his

office by a committee of Congress
An effort to enforce the new rules for
simplified spelling has involved the Public

Printer in disputes with several heads of
departments, but most of his troubles have
grown out of his disagreement with the

bookb inders’ union.

Mr. Stillings said that he would ask that
a commis&ion be appointed to make the
Inguiry

“L want to present my side,” he said
“I court the fullewt investigation and J want
the commission to examine thoroughly into
the flying rumors, the discontent and the
complaints, and to listen without prejudice
t0 What | have to say and to what the em-
ployees will testify.”

Ever since he took the office of Public

Printer, in November, 1905, there has been |

a steady growth of ill feeling and uneasiness
on the part of a number of the employees,
and this has come to such a pass that the
work of the office threatens to become
demoralized. On his side Public Printer
Stillings claims to have done nothing that
was not necessary for discipline and the
betterment of the public service. Certain
employees maintain that Mr. Stillings lacks
executive ability, has been unnecessarily
harsh and arbitrary in his rulings and that
he has so reduced the pay of many of them
by means of octonans furloughs and by
arbitrary cuts in wages that they find it
difficult to support their families
Whatever the charges against Mr. Still-
ings may be they will not take him at all
unawares, He is pretty well advised on
his own showing of what will be alleged
against him, and he has before any public
charges are made prepared a
which he deems impregnable. His life from
boy hood on is open to the fullest investiga-

| tion and inspection, he says.

J. J. HILU'S DAUGHTER WEDS.

Becomes the Bride of Michael Gavin of
New Vork.
Nov

 

ST. PAUL, 22.-
St. Mary's Church at 11 o'clock this fore-
noon to Michael Gavin of New York

At the altar Mr, Gavinand his groomsaman,
Kenneth Schley, met the bride, Mr. Hill

defence |

Miss Gertrude Hill, |

| daughter of James J, Hill, was married at tinental

presented his daughter and then withdrew |

from the chancel rail and joined Mrs. Hill
in the family pew

The Rev. Ambrose McNulty, pastor of St
Luke's Church, in which the bride has mem-
bership, celebrated the nuptial mass, the
Rev. ‘I. J. Gibbons assisting him,

Twelve acolytes attended the celebrant
They were garbed in robes of pale blue
and wore tunics of white lace. Each bore
a lighted taper, and the taper, held by the
crucifer, was imbedded in a huge bouquet
of pink roses

St. Mary's altar was transformed into a
bower of pink and white blossoms, Long
stemmed white chrysant hemums, interlaced
with maiden hair ferns, were caught in clus-
ters of irregular height about chancel! posts
and railing

Only a few intimate friends of the family
were bidden to the wedding breakfast at
the Hill home, which followed the church
ceremony

These guests included Archbishop Ire
land, the Kev. Anatole Oster, J. F. Gavin,
Memphis, Tenn.; Mrs. R. L. Taylor, New

and Mrs. W. B
and Mrs. Gavin
days at Mr. Hill's country
Oaks, after which they will go for an ex-
tended visit in the Orient Though it was
the fifth wedding in the Hill family, it was
the first to be solemmized in church, dif-
ference of religious faith making a private
service necessary at previous weddings

York,
Mr

Carter, New York
will spend a few
place, North

Counterfeit #5 Silver Certificate.

WASHINGTON, Nov The counterfeit
$5 silver certificate which made its ap-
yearance in Chicago has been discovered
by the Secret Service. The had bill is of
the series of 1800, bears check letter “A,”
J. W. Lyons, Register of the Treasury,
and Charlies H. Treat, Treasurer of the
United States. It is described as a crudely

executed process note, on a le piece of
r, alightly thinner than the genuine,
h the fibre imitated by red and blue
ink noe oe A. cartes. The whole ap-
pearance is s aa degsive
pares but not an experienced pom
EM,
7 ad ‘ a r is ht

 

BRYAN TO REFORM DEMOCRATS.

He Calls on Them to Organize to Recapture
National and State Conventions,

LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 22. In to-morrow’'s
Commoner Mr. Bryan calls upon those
Democrats who believe in progressive re-
forma to organize to recapture the national
and State organizations in order that “the
party be not crippled by an organization
out of harmony with its purpose.” He says
in part

“In 1904 the party took a backward step,
Many good Democrats, discouraged by
defeat, yielded to the temptation b eld out
by Wall Street, which offered to help the
party secure some of its reform if it would
abandon others, Wall Street did what
Wall Street always has done when the
ime came— throw its influence to the party
which it thought would win

“There will be no contest in the national
convention of 1908 on platform The party
will be drawn up solidly against the en-
croachments of predatory wealth. And
its position wil! be clear and oxpreet on ail

 

the issues ripe for settlement; but the or
ganization is almost as necessary as the
platform We cannot fight upon a moral

plane with an immoral organization, we
cannot appeal to the conscience of the
country with a conscienveless crowd in con-
trol of the party machinery.

“There are many Democarts who are

voting the ticket whose prominence in the
marty would be a detriment to the party

f these men are really sincere in their de-
sire to help they will not force themselves
into the foreground, and if they do, the
party ought to thwart their purpose.”

He proscribes those who are counectedwith
trusts, franehised corporations and those
corporations that seek to control the Gov
ernment, including railroad attorneys. He
says the party must not load itself down
with objectionable and odorous represen
tatives

SUES TO ANNUL BIG MERGER,

Kdward WH. Litehfeld Asks Injunetion
Against Baltimore Ligh tng Combine.
BALTIMORE,} Noy.” 22.—A_ bill for

junction against the Consolidated Light

and Power Company, the Consolidated

Gas Company and the directors of the Con

Trust Company was filed in the

United States Circuit Court to-day By Ed-

ward H. Litchfield of New York, o1

the stockholders of the Consolidated

Company.

Mr. Litchfield alleges that the combina
tion is illegal and contrary to the principle
of the Constitution of the United S
that the two companies have norighi to
consolidate, and that the act of the Legisla
ture which waa passed in 1906 authorizing
the consolidation is null and void

 

an in

one of

Gas

4LL THE CARS ALL THE rim

Is What Seth Low Would Have onthe titer

borough Lines
Ex-Mayor Seth Low, in a letrer he has
ent to President Parsons of the Republican
county committee, commends the action

taken by the organization at its meeting
last Thursday in appointing a sub-com-
mittee to suggest means for the improve.
ment of the local transit conditions Mr
Low says that the Interborough company
ought to be required by law to run at all
hours the maximum mumber of cars and
that if it replies that that would be too
costly the answer should be that it would
not be but for overcapitalization. He
says it is rare to find a car at any timé of
day that is not uncomfortably crowded

 

  

WR, ANDMRS. STORMS TO DEFEND.

Obtained by

Judgment Mrs. Turner in
Slander Sult Set Aside.
Wuire Puiains, N. Y., Nov. 22.—By an

order of Justice Keogh filed at White Plains
to-day the slander suits brought by Mrs.

EMe J. Turner, the wife of the chief of the
Brewster fire department, against Fred-
erick W. Storms and hia wife, Mre, Eliza-

beth Storms, residents of the same town-
ship, for $10,000 each, will be tried in épen
Justice Keogh allows the defend-
ants to open the judgment which was
taken against them by the plaintiff by de- ;
fault on payment of costs. This will enable
the Storms couple to defend the actions.
Mr. Storms is said to be worth about
$150,000. Mrs. Storms is leader of a choir
in a Brewster church.

The actions are the result of an alleged
confession which it is said Mr. Storms
made to his wife in the presence of a clergy-
man io which he admitted he had accom-
panied Mrs. Turner w Manhattan. After
this confession it is alleged that a letter ,
was sent to Mrs. Turner by Mrs. Storms
containing her husband's statement.
Turner savas that the statement of Mr,
Storms is absolutely false and that she did
not go to New York with Mr. Stormea

Through Lawyer F.S. Barnum an offer
of settlement was mace to Mrs, Turner in
behalf of Mr. and Mrs, Storms for $5,000,
but this was refused Then on September
2) last Mrs. ‘Porver secured a judgment
by defaul: against the two defendants and
Justice Maddox directed that a Sheriff's
jory ip Putnam county assess the damages
suffered by the plaintiff. Now after several
mouths of Jezal batue this order has been
iside and the suits will go to trial.
that sensational testimony will be
it at the trial

court

ret
is said

borevetgelad «

onbmriTrt inh.

of the
importers at
home, 1 East
at the age of
148 in New York and
bred Butlerfleld &
became a member
‘om In@iaaa Fred

kdward A Price, senior teniber
t of Vred Buttertield & Co.,
Broadway, died at bis

eighih etreel, sieruay

kort ye
sort
employ of
l4 lie
the ate
aud Mr Price
orty years ago Mr, Price
lncobs of Philadetphia
year Me is survived
five of whom are married,
i Mr. Price was a director

» Avenue Be the importers
aod oPraders! National Bank and the New
Yo Hoard of ‘Trade and Transportation.
lle was a member of the Chamber of Come-
merece and of the Harmonte Club

Francis Sidney Coxe, 40 years old, son of

Co it the time of
in
hed
finan !
~ Bertha
ae bed ast
du ers

* son

  

!

the late Col. Frank Coxe, formerly of Philae
delphin, but later of Asheville, and owner of
t Battery Park Hotel and the Green River

estate, near Asheville, died yesterday at
the Hotel Kellevue-Stratford in Philadelphia.
Mr. Core's death was sudden Hie was vitee
president of the Battery Park Bank of Aghe-
ville and a director in the Commercial Bank
of Charlorte, N, ¢ Ile was a former presi-
dent of the Asheville (lub and a member of
the Swanvanoa Country Club, the Philadel-
phia Club, the Utoiversity Barge Clu of
Philadeiphia, the Vhiladelpbia Gun Club, the
Riverton aod Markham clubs and the Rittene
house Club

Aucusius Acker, clerk of the Court of
Special Sessions, Second Division, died on
Wednesday at hin home, New Brighton,
Staten Island) He was born in 1460 and wae
admiited to the bur in 1886, He was the
first Sheriff of Riehmond county. He was

appointed clerk of the Court of Special Bes-
sions of Staten Island in 1489
three children survive him

 

His wife and |

Mrs. j

-

became the *¢

— ole eee

£

a G. UM & a a ae
H. Ce: “
= *.
- EXTRA DRY & SELECTED BRUT “a
wi ©=-s The highest grade Champagnes that it is possible Ms

_ to produce x

6 The Champagne by which others are [ff
2 judged

mts ; - tat aD we Piet ee sVetarer ns “s