we

 
   

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1906.

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mal! Matter,

 

Gubscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY. Per Month
DAILY, Per Year
SUNDAY, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.........+
Postage to foreign countries added.

  

 

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Ageociation at 470 Nassau street, in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York.

 

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose

 

 

 

 

The Amazing New Law.

Discharge without honor, in the case
of Federal soldiers, black or white, is
not mere dismissal from employment.
It is degradation, deprivation of certain
rights, punishment as for a crime or mis-
demeanor.

Under the principles of the old law
such punishment can be inflicted with
justice only after a fair trial of each in-
dividual case, and in each individual case
conPiction by due process and according
to the forms provided.

The ultimate statement of the Presi-
dent's position and intentions presents
these extraordinary features:

1. Punishment without tri or con-
viction is inflicted on a large body of men,
not individually but collectively, on. the
recommendation of an_ investigating
officer, who bases his recommendation
on appearances. “They appear,” says
General GARLINGTON, “to stand together
in a determination to resist the detection
of the guilty; therefore, they should stand
together when the penalty falls.”

2. The penalty falls, without the previ-
ous trial or conviction of any individual,
on a large number of men, some of whom
are admittedly regarded by the President
as possible innocents. He contemplates
the possibility of the innocence of some

 

ee ee Be adabied oe

MOND, MERRY and Jackson® whereas
Naprer, Lyons and THorNTON, though
their lot was cast in ominous or troublous
times, deserved well of their country,
and the same thing may be said of
PAUNCEFOTE at the crisis caused by Mr.
CLEVELAND'S Venezuelan message.

The importance of cultivating the good
will of the United States and of avert-
ing friction between the two great
branches of the English speaking race
is even more keenly felt in England to-
day than it was in 1870 or in 1896. By
the latest treaty with France, and by the
subsequent entente cordiale, the United
Kingdom seems to have transformed an
age long enemy into a friend, but she
has also imposed upon herself grave
responsibilities in the event of a quarrel
between France and Germany. On the
other hand, from intimate relations with
the United States, unregistered in any
treaty, but amounting to a union of
hearts, England would have incompar-
ably more to gain than to lose. There
is little that Britain could do for us,
unless, indeed, Japan should assail us
in the Pacific, where until the comple-
tion of the Panama Canal we shall be ill
prepared to resist attack. It would be
impossible to exaggerate the magnitude
of the benefits which in certain contin-
trencies we might have it in our power
to bestow on the British Isles. So long
as we stood at their back and refused
to let them be coerced with the weapon
of starvation, they could make head
successfully against a coalition of all the
great continental Powers. In a word,
to England the friendship of France is
useful and desirable; the friendship of
the United States is vital.

Under the circumstances, she should
send to Washington the man best quali-
fied to extend, deepen and confirm the
sympathy which has begun already to
supersede the enmity of former days.
The indispensable condition of eliciting
the sympathy of a people is profound
and comprehensive knowledge of it.
Such a knowledge of the United States is
unquestionably possessed by the Right
Hon. JAMES BRYCE to an extent unap-
proached by any other Englishman now
in the service of the Crown. By the
natural fitness of things the Embassy at

 

| Washington is the place marked out for

when he announces that he will act as ,
he deems advisable in the case of any |
individual punished under the general |

order, if any facts appear later clearly
exculpating that individual.

uced to nakedness, therefore, the
difference between the old law and the
new law is this:

By the old law the individual is en-
titled to trial and must be proved guilty,
as an individual, before the penalty falls
on him.

By the new law the penalty falls on a
number of men collectively, because they
“appear” to an investigating or prose-
cuting officer to “standtogether”; and to
escape the punishment thus imposed by
wholesale the individual must prove his
innocence.

Was there ever in the histofy of this
nation a more significant reversal?

The Next British Ambassador to the
United States.

We hope that there is foundation for
the rumor, said to be current in the House
of Commons, that the vacant Ambassa-
dorship at Washington is to be filled by
the appointment of the Right Hon. Jamgs
Bryce, who in the present Government
occupies the post of Chief Secretary to the
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and who in
the Rosebery Cabinet was President of

»the Board of Trade.

of “The American Commonwealth,” the
most comprehensive, painstaking, au-
thoritative 4nd appreciative book on our
laws and institutions that has ever come
from an English pen.

In selecting a representative at Wash-
ington the British Government should
recognize that as we give of our best, so
we deserve England’s best. Thelong and
memorable list of American Ministers to
the Court of St. James's includes—to men-
tion for the moment only the names of
those who subsequently became Presi-
dents of the United States—JoHN ADAMS,
JAMES MONROE, JOHN QUINCY ADAMS,
Martin VAN BUREN and JAMES Bv-
CHANAN. We have sent thither such
diplomatists as Rurvus KING, such finan-
ciers as ALBERT GALLATIN, such jurists
as JOHN JAY, such scholars as EDWARD
EVERETT, such historians as GEORGE
Bancrort and Joun LorHrop MOTLEY,
such men of letters as JAMES RUSSELL
LowELb, and such lawyers as REVERDY
Jéunson and JoserH H. Cuoare. If,
on the other hand, we scan the almost
equally long list of British Ministers to
the United States we shall observe that
from 1791 to 1857 all of them, with two
exceptions, are men who were obscure
fm their own day, and are since forgotten,
the sort of persons who might have been
commissioned to petty German princi-
palities or to the Barbary States. The
only exceptions which we meet with in
more than sixty years are STRATFORD
Caxwina and Henney Lrrron Buiwer,
both of whom were destined to remark-
able diplomatic achievements, though
when in Washington they stood only on
the threshold of their careers.

Not until 1857, when the great events
of the rebellion perlod were casting
shadows before, did the British Govern-
ment deem it expedient to be represented
at Washington by anybody possessed of
more titular distinction than a knight-
hood or a baronetcy confers. Then it
appointed Lord NaPiER, who himself
was succeeded by Lord Lyons. Those
_ are the only two members of the peerage
' who ever performed the functions of

r to the United States, until,
toward the end of his life, Sir JULIAN

FAUNCEYOTE was made a baron. It is

true, however, that Lord ELGIN came to

Washington as a commissioner to nego-

tiate the reciprocity treaty between the

United States and Canada; that Earl

De Grey and RIPON was a member of

the Joint High Commission which in 1871
brought about the Treaty of Washing-

ton, and that Lord HerscHEeL, was a

High Commissioner in 1898-99. It is to be

-~ “noted that both countries had reason to

regret that the interests of Great Britain
should have been committed to the

He is, of course, |
best known in this country asthe author |

 

en
- A SS

him. In no other place could more val-
uable service be rendered to his country by
the accomplished author of “The Amer-
ican Commonwealth,” who has evinced
great practical ability in Parliamentary
debate, in economics and in statecraft.

Of course, the Right Hon. James Brycr
is not the only Englishman qualified to
prove of very great usefulness to the
Anglo-Saxon world as British Ambassa-
dor at Washington. Lord Curzon of
Kedleston might do, though he knows
much more of India and the Orient than
of the United States.

Colonel Roosevelt and the Colored
Troops.

Most Americans find no difficulty in

colored men who have publicly and with
more or less temperance protested
against the discharge “without honor”
of the three companies of the Twenty-
fifth Infantry. Nothing could be more
natural than the feeling which inspires
this indignation and resentment. It is
true, nevertheless, that some of these
orators, editors and clergymen in ques-
tion have overstepped the bounds of
wisdom and discretion, thereby injuring
their own cause and seriously embarrass-
ing their would-be friends and coad-
jutors among the whites. This is a
cause of serious and sincere regret with
us. There is in jthe past conduct of
the colored troops so much. of valor
and devotion that it\ seems a pity to
impair the argument of splendid fact
and glorious achievement by introducing
the dilution of silly fable and hysterical
assumption. ;

We refer especially to the persistent
reiteration of that preposterous and ut-
terly groundless story touching Colonel
ROOSEVELT’S rescue at San Juan Hill by
“the colored troops.” It is astory which
originated in the fevered dreams of
“war correspondents”—an incident wit-
nessed by their back hair as they sought
asylum on the transports off Siboney.
The truth is that President RoosreveELT
was not engaged in the assault of the
San Juan blockhouse, July 1, 1898, and
therefore could not by any possibility
have been “rescued” there by troops,
black, white, red, yellow or brown. As
a matter of fact, while General HAaMIL-
ton 8. HawkIns was leading the charge
on the hill surmounted by the block-
house, a charge magnificently successful,
Colonel THEODORE RoosEVELT watched
the assault from the summit of Kettle
Hill, two-thirds of a mile distant, and
‘was at no time in the slightest danger.
He tells the story himself in that ex-
tremely interesting book “The Rough
Riders” (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1903),
and on page 134 he says:

"We had a splendid view of the charge on the
San Juan block house, to our left, where the infantry
of KENT, led by HAWKINS, were climbing the hill,
* © * {page 136] The Infantry got nearer and
nearer the crest of the bill. At last we could see
the Spaniards running from the rifle pits as the
Americans came on tn their final rusb.”

So it was that our troops, led by Gen-
eral HAWKINS, stormed the heights of
San Juan and captured the formidable
blockhouse. But THEODORE ROOSEVELT
does not pretend to have participated
in that affair. He describes it, on the
contrary, a8 a spectator at a virtually
safe distance, and chivalrously gives the
credit to those who so nobly and valor-
ously earned it. To talk, therefore, of
the. colored troops as having “saved
ROOSEVELT’S life at San Juan” is unwar-
ranted, ridiculous and impertinent. He
was in no need of rescue at any time. He
had shown a week before San Juan, at
the outpost skirmish of Las Guasimas,
that he knew how to take care of himself,
and when he led the charge on the ridge,
something like three-quarters of a mile

to the right of the captured blockhouse |

(July 1), he exhibited qualities of leader-
ship which effectually removed him from
the list of the inept and the dependent.
Every one who reads “The Rough
Riders” must see that Colonel RoosEveutr
is a born soldier, and those who criticise
him on account of his action with refer-
ence to the Twenty-fifth Infantry will

    

    

salvation at San Juan by the colored
troops. These latter have a sufficiently
valid title to our respect and sympathy
because of actual and honorable achieve-
ment. Their doubtless honest advo-
cates will hardly serve them by setting
up ridiculous and maudlin claims. No
good can come of beclouding the case
of the Twenty-fifth Infantry with mere
romantic nonsense.

 

End of the Higgins-Hitchcock Dis-
pute.

On May 10 of this year FranK Wayr-
LAND HIGGINS wrote, on the official sta-
tionery of the State of New York, to the
President of the United States in behalf
of one THEODORE N. BARNSDALL of Pitts-
burg, whom he described as “one of the
principal developers of the oil and gas
sections of the Southwest,” and who at
that time was in a dispute with Secretary

STHAN ALLEN HircHoock of the Depart-

ment of the Interior over certain trans-
actions involving leases of lands owned
by the Indians. Mr. BaRNsDALL had
violated the regulations established by
the Secretary for the protection of the
Indian proprietors. In his letter to the
President Governor Hiccrns rather pat-
ronizingly expressed his belief in Secre-
tary HitcHcock’s honorable intentions,
“but,” he added, “his rulings, I fear, are
governed more by prejudice against
individuals than by practical knowledge
of the subject in hand.”

Governor H1IGorns’s letter was trans-
mitted to Secretary Hircucock by the
President. The Secretary’s answer to
it was a letter, accompanied by numer-
ous documents, which vindicated com-
pletely the course he had followed in
his treatment of Mr. BARNSDALL. He
showed, by Mr. BARNSDALL’S own ad-
missions, that the Governor's friend had
violated the Department regulations
knowingly, had made a financial state-
ment “that was not borpe’ out,” and in
general had merited the most severe
action within the Secretary's power. His
answer showed conclusively that Mr.
BARNSDALL had not “acted in good
faith,” as Governor H1aaIns declared he
had, and that when the Governor wrote
that “a great injustice is being done to
Mr. BARNSDALL” he was either disin-
genuous or uninformed.
~ The final outcome of this complicated
controversy, in which the Governor of
New York played such a sorry part, is
now announced from Washington. Ac-
cording to yesterday's news, one of the
last things done by President RoosE-
VELT before sailing for the Isthmus of
Panama was to approve the action of
Secretary HITCHCOCK in cancelling leases
“which had been capitalized as an
$8,000,000 corporation financed by the
Standard Oil Company.” These were
the Barnsdall leases, acquired in viola-
tion of the just and proper regulations
of the Department, the approval of

\ which was urged by Governor HIGGINs.

| sympathizing with those representative |)

|
|
|

'

|

Of the Secretary the Governor wrote in
his letter of May 10:

“T would communicate directly wéth the Secre-
tary of the Interior if | were personally acquainted
with bim.”

Perhaps Governor HIGGins might have
“communicated directly” with Secretary
Hircucock had he enjoyed that ener-
getic, fearless and conscientious gen-
tleman’s acquaintance. Yet he might
not have done so, and therefore it is
unfortunate that the two had never met

unfortunate for Governor HIGGINS, and
doubly unfortunate for the State of New
York, the official stationery of which he
used in an attempt to pull Standard Oil
chestnuts out of the fire.

Secretary Root on Foreign Trade.

Mr. Roort’s Kansas City contribution
to the propaganda of trade expansion is
worthy of the most careful attention of
every business man in the country. It
is a masterly presentation of the oppor-
tunities which lie open to us and of the
means which must. be employed if we
would take advantage of them. After
a brief preliminary statement he sounds
clearly the keynote of the whole situation:
“In our own vast country, with oceans
on either side, we have had too little
contact with foreign peoples readily
to understand their customs or learn
their languages; yet no one can doubt
that we shall learn and shall understand
and shall do our business abroad, as we
have done it at home, with force and
energy.”

Briefly stated, Mr. Roor’s argument is
that if we expect to do business abroad
we must do business in business ways; we
must adapt our methods to the require-
ments of the various markets which we
seek to secure. We should have only
ridicule and contempt for a foreign mer-
chant who came to this country and tried
to do precisely what many of our own
people attempt in the various markets
of the world. The secret of Germany's
success in developing her foreign trade
is close attention to the details which
we are prone to neglect. Germany as a
nation and Germans as individuals have
made foreign commerce a system which
is little short of scientific. Our methods
are mainly haphazard. We send out
agents who speak no language except
their own; we quote prices, in dollars,
subject to confusing discounts; and we
insist that the wares which suit the tastes
and the notions of our own people shall
be approved and purchased by those
whose trade we wish to secure.

What Mr. Roor says of our trade with
South America applies with equal force
to all markets. We must learn what our
prospective customers want and con-
form our products to their wants. We

| must send out agents who can speak

|

!

the language of the countries to which
they go. We must conform our credit
system to that prevailing in the country
where we wish to sell our goods. We
must “avoid the narrow and uninstructed
prejudice which assumes that difference
from ourselves denotes inferiority.” Our
banking facilities should be put on a par
with those of our commercial competi-
tors. Applying his propoaition par-
ticularly to South America, Mr. Root
adds that “it is absolutely essential that

| the means of communication between

oe ot men go incompetent-as Hatt-.| be wise to dismiss the stupid fable-of his

 

«Boa

ee.
bil 3 a ft.
SN aki id

  

the two countries should be improved
and increased.” He asserts that “this
underlies all other considerations” and
applies alike to mail, passenger and
freight service.

It makes no difference whether al}

if

< eaten Ate ‘
—

  

a ee eT ge ee ey ee ee
eee >, ee wm i. od
° > ss . .

one rn
x m

this or any part of it is new or old. It is
a lesson which unfortunately needs fre-
quent and emphatic repetition. In his
Kansas City address Secretary RooT
states it with force and directness. Each
passing year makes more necessary an
expansion of our foreign markets and an
increase of our foreign sales. The en-
largement of our markets and the
increase of our sales depend abso-
lutely upon our careful observance of the
rules and regulations so admirably set
forth last Tuesday by the head of the State
Devartment. We shall. be predominant
in the commerce of the world when, and
only when, “we do our business abroad,
as we have done it at home, with force
and energy.”

 

Seven Men in the Line; Four in the
Back Field.

The football season is not ended yet, as
Yale and Harvard are still to meet, while
Pennsylvania and Cornell, West Point
and Annapolis are preparing for their
annual contests. It will be impossible to
pass final criticism upon the rules of 1906
until the schedule has been played out.

| Already, however, there is more or less
heated .discussion as~-to whether the
amended rules have made good.

Of reversion to football as it was played
{n 1904, when mass formations were at
their apogee of dulness from the spec-
tator's point of view, there will be no
advocates among those who have at
heart the welfare of the game. On the
other hand, there will be many critics
of the new rules, which have carried the
play in the right direction, but too far.
The keynote of this criticiam will be that
the game has become too much like
basketball. The happy medium be-
tween the extremes of the close and the
open forms of play has not yet been
reached; in next year’s play it should
be realized.

Should the five yard rule be restored
for play between the twenty-five yard
lines and the goal lines? Will the rules
committee find it advisable to reduce
the value of field goals? Will any serious
attention be paid to such radical sugges-
tions as the abolition of the placement
goal after a touchdown? These ques-
tions will be considered and answered
by the football parliament in the near
future. We hope they will be discussed
and settled in the light of the one great
lesson of the football reform flurry--the
lesson of moderation.

The ethics of the game has been made
as nearly perfect as is possible; cleaner,

| fairer football than that of 1906 was
never played. To have accomplished
so much in a single season is highly
gratifying. The remodelling of the field
rules must necessarily be a slower proc-
ess, but with a year of experimenting
to guide their judgment, the football
Solons should bring their work to a
noble completion next season.

More than ever, in the light of the
present season's play, we should like to
see seven men always on the line, four
men in the back field. That would carry

| us back to the game of the early ‘90s.
The forward pass and the onside kick

| might be retained and perfected; and
football would not be basketball with
goal posts instead of baskets.

 

A liberal prophet predicts the destruction
of many great American cities next year.
New York, St. Joseph, Mo., and Lebanon,
Pa., are on the black list. Dr. PARKHURST
has taught us that New York is ripe for
destruction, and we shall not plead for
St. Joe; and yet it is a meritorious town,
and there are those who love it. But why
innocent Lebanon? Why must Lebanon
perish while Pittsburg and Philadelphia go

unscathed ?

HISTORY IN FIGURES.

 

Comparative Statistics Graphically Present
a Century's Progress.

To Tar Epiror or THe Sun—Sir; Figures
are not dry when they tell the history of a
country so eloquentlw as do those of the
United States in the following table:

  

 

PER 28.1908.

|

|

 

 

|

|

|
|
|
|

1800, 1005.

Area, square miles. ..... 827 ,R44 3,025,000
Population.. . 5,308,483 84,545,000
Wealth. eal -$1,000,000,000 $106,000,000 000
Interest, per capit $0.64 $0.27
Gold coined $917,760 $49,688,441
Silver coined.......-+++ $224,206 $6,332,181
Money incireulation,.., $16,000,000 $2,744,483,830
Bank clearings. + eeeeceecsees $170,000,000,000
National Danks... .... 6-5 seeeeeeeeers 6,053
National bank deposits. .......... $4,055,000,000
Savings bank deposits. . $500,000 —$3,300,000,000
State bank deposits..... ...........»  $2,700,000,000
Private bank deposits... .....0+ese0+ $140,000,000
Loan and trust compa-

nies’ deposits... 6... ceeeeeeweees $2,500 000,000
Total bank deposits..... ..-+--+++ + $12,606,000,000
Savings bank depositors 1,000 8,100,000
Government receipts.... $10,848,000 $504 ,000,000
Government expendi-

CAPD... vcvccscvcsenevce $7,411,000 9544 ,000,000
Pensions. seeceee $64,000 $141 000,000
Imports, goods.......... 981,000,000 = $1,226,000,000
Exports, goods. .......- $71,000,000 —$1,748,000,000
Imports, goldand silver $1,000,000 $140,000,000
Exports, gold and silver 83,000,000 $04,000,000
Exports, manufactures. $2,500,000 $603,000,000
Fxports, agricultural... $25,500,000 $49 500,000
Fxuporis, mining.......- «- 953,000,000
Exports, forest.......... $2,000,000 $75,500,000
Exports, fisheries........ 91,000,000 $8,000,000
Imports, Europe. + $47,000,000 $433,000,000
Imports, North America $32,000,000 $2.36 ,000,000
Imports, South America ... $140,000,000
Imports, Asia..........- $11,000,000 $140,000,000
Imports, Oceania....... $142,000 24,200,000
Imports, Africa. .......- $500,000 $12,800,000
Exports, Furope......... $41,000,000 — $1,200,000,000
Exports, North America $27,000,000 $208,000,000 |
Exports, South America $75,000,000
Exports, Asta........-... $1,000,000 $105,000,000
Exports, Oceanta....... «+> $25,000,000
Exports, Africa......-.+ $1,000,000 $19,500,000
Farms, number.......-. 200,000 6,500,000
Farms, value 3 $500,000,000 $25,000,000,000
Wheat crop, bushels trees 710,000,000
Corn crop, bushels,,..-. sere. +++ 2,700,000 000
Cotton, bales.. .. nme 156,000 12,000,000
Production, gold, value. .......-.- $86,000,000
Production, silver, value ............ $36,000,000
Production, coal, tons... ..-.. cerns 350,000,000
Production, petroleum,

gallons...... . sod aeebetuereey 6,290 ,000,000
Production, pig tron,

| tons....... & BHbeaieonnes 23,000,000

| Production, steel, tons, .......+. 21,000,000

| Production, copper, tons .... +. 450,000 |

| Factortes,. ceeees ee VOTY few * 216,622 |

| Facyory workers........ 66 seees 5,990,000 |
Factory wages.....-..-» -- $3,590 000,000
Factory product.. teksenseraus $16,500 ,000,000

' Imports, sugar, pounds. . 3,080,000,000

| Imports, coffee, pounds. 10,000,000 451,000,000
Rallway mileage © penewegeues 217,250
Public school puplig..... ...... 17,000,000
School expenditure. votes $205 000,000
Patemes lesUe..... 00000 soorsesonses 43,240
Immigrants........... 1,000 1,100,000

Progress like that in only 105 years is the
world’s marvel, and the end is not yet
WALTER J, BALLARD
Los ANGELES, Cal., November 18,

 

The Root of All Evil.

To Tas Eprror or THE SuN-—Sir: As to your
editorial concerning the abolition of wealth, let
me say: Abolish money! Any other proposal! ts «
| miserable fraud and a farce.

Another thing: Would politicians fight like cats

 

 

   
   

    

 

THE DISMISSED BATTALION.
ory

The President's Action Declared to Have

Been Proper and Wise.

To Tne Eprror or Tas Sun—Sir: In the
matter of the dismissal of the three com-
panies of the Twenty-fifth Infantry “without
honor,” all the indications up to the present
time are that the President is right and his
critics are wrong. Murder was committed
under circumstances which pointed unmis-
takably to the guilt of some member of
members of this body of negro troops. An
investigation was set on foot by the War
Department. That investigation soon devel-
oped the existence of a combination to shield
the guilty by means of a refusal to testify
at all concerning the crime. In other words,
the inquiry to ascertain who was responsible
for an atrocious murderous outbreak was
stified by a conspiracy of silence. Every man
in the three companies stood mute; and thus
those who may have had no share in the crime
helped to shield the guilty perpetrators.

Upon what principle this conduct can be
defended I am at a loss to understand. The
idea that a man is to be branded as an in-
former because he truthfully denies his own
participation in a murder and gives informa-
tion tending to the detection of the real cul-
prit is worthy only of the savages of Dahomey
or New Guinea. A soldier who will not testify
against a fellow soldier whom he knows to
be guilty of the crime of murder is not fit to
wear the uniform of the United States army
for a minute; and a soldier who adopts a
policy of silence for the purpose of shielding
a murderer is equally unworthy to be retained
in the service. The army, like the police
force, is organized and maintained primarily
for the protection of the people. Can anyone
doubt that if the police force became so de-
moralized that it was manifestly useless for
this purpose, the Legislature could prop-
erly put an end to its existence? And so
why cannot the President, the Commander-
in-Chief of the army, possessing the unques-
tionable power to dismiss troops from the
service, properly exercise that power to rid
the army of a band of conspirators who have
leagued themselves together to protect the
perpetrators of a murder?

Such is undoubtedly the character of thease
three companies of the Twenty-fifth Infantry,
unleas the President is misinformed as to the
facts. Of course, the propriety of his action
depends upon the facts; but if it be true, as
the Inspector-Generaj of the army declares,
that it was evident from the first that the three
companies had entered into a compact to
give no information about the Brownsville
affair, then the President was amply justified
in his course. Such conspirators should have
no sympathy or support from the honest
negroes of the Union.

The most surprising and melancholy fea-
ture of this whole affair is the lack of moral
sense which it has revealed on the part of
80 Many newspapers and their correspond-
ents. The concealment of a murder by
United States soldiers seems to be regarded
as equivalent to the silence of a college class
concerning some academic escapade. One
journal even goes so far as to denounce the
dismiasal of the three companies as a viola-
tion of the constitutional guaranty againsc
che deprivation of life, liberty or property
without due process of law; evidently being
ignorant of the fact that this provision was
not designed ro maintain men in any official
status, but was aimed simply at the preser-
vation of purely personal rights.

If the President is right as to the facts, he
is absolutely right in having rid the army of

hese three companies of the Twenty-fifth
nfantry. B.
New Yor«, November 22.

t
J

 

The Original Mistake.

To TRE Enitor or THE Sun-—Sir: In the
various letters written and criticiams made
on the President's order dismissing the colored
troops, there is one question that I would like
to ask: What official was responsible for
the lack of tact and stupidity in stationing
negro troops in a Southern community,
where the sentiment was so strongly against
them? Why were they not sent to Fort
Adams, Newport, or the’fort at Cushings
Island, Portland, Maine, or some other North-
ern city, where the inhabitants are so fond
of them? F. H. L.

New York, November 22.

Obedience to the Law of Nature,

To THE Eprtor or Tak Sux—Sir; Joshua
Bell, in his letter in to-day’s Sun, has the
right tone in flouting the idea “that men
who were little less than brothers, as they
ate, slept, worked and fought togerher as
onefamily, should betray one another.” That
is really the whole question. It is a question
of the law of nature, as ¥ suggested in my let-
ter published in THe Stun on November 15.
Capt. Hune of the Sixth United States In-
fanctry, in his letter to THe Stn, says: “Fi-
delity vo the law of the land is the first duty
of an American soldier.” Precisely so, but
does not the “law of the land,” and of every
other civilized land, recognize the existence
of the natural law, and if there be any con-
flict between the*“law of the land” and the
law of nature, do not all great authorities
teach the doctrine that the law of nature is
paramount?

Did the men of the Twenty-fifth obey
the law of nature? If theydid, they obeyed
the law of the land and did so beyond cavil,
for there is no law of the land requiring the
soldier to make known to his superior the
secret of his comrade unless it be through
regular judicial Inquiry. This is not a ques-
tion of white manor black man. It is a ques-
tion of justice.

What sort of recruit, white or black, would
you have for your army if he were required
totakean oath toact asa detective or informer
upon his comrade? No fight would ever
“gentle the condition” of the recruit who
would subscribe to such an oath. The people
intuitively know this and it is not surprising
to find indignation growing. This natural
and just feeling against the injustice will
not dissipate under some new charge that may
be made against the inen of the Twenty-fifth,
nor will any fine spun or specious reasoning
upon the part of the authorities as to the
necessity of maintaining discipline allay the
resentment that just men now feel over the
treatment of the three companies.

Everybody knows the innocent must some-
times suffer with the guilty: and if certain
menibers of the Twenty-fifth had been in she
habit of “shooting up the town” and were
still undetected and complete judicial inquiry
failed to identify them, then, in the very
necessity of the case, all must be regarded
as approving and aa accomplices, and to pre-
vent a repetition of the act all must be pun-
ished. But that is not the present case, nor
anything like it, and the punishment is not
meted out as the punishment for a habit.

It is said the President will not revoke his
order unless “new facts” are presented.
Well, I suggest that if the men of the Twenty-
fifth happen to haveany knowledge, especially
hearsay, as to which of their comrades “shot
up the town” and have not revealed it to their
superiors, such failure is because of the fact
that their lips are sealed by the law of nature.
I hope the President will consider that a
“fact.” Itisa“fact” and a “new fact” within
the letter and spirit of the President's reply
to Mr. Stewart if the President did not, when
he made his order, consider the existence of
the natural law and its binding obligation,
not only upon those who sustain the relation
of parent and child, husband and wife, but
upon comrades im arms, which latter can
seldom know any other law than this.

The President, in listening to the people's
ery for justice to the three companies, will
noe refuse to change his order if he haa not
deliberated upon the question of the naturnl
law, or, if having deliberated upon it, he has
not irrevocably determined that it has ne
weight ZOUAVE,

New Yors, November 22,

 

The Question of an Old Soldier.

To tHe Eprror or THE Sun—Sir:; The
President cannot raise an®army without the
consent of Congress, What authority haa he
to diaband an army or any fraction of it?

New Youk, November 22. OLD SoLpigr.

Despair of the Mighty Julius.

Cesar Was revising the calendar.

“I was trying to fix it so the magazines would
really come out on the first of the month,” he

 

and dogs to serve their country if there were no | explained.
Wusza,

money? ARNOLD
Naw BEpronm November 38.

Failing im this, his Weakened brain took to wris-
ing poor.

   

|

FAMOUS

Where Lincein, When a Circuit Riding
Lawyer, Swapped Stories.

 

With the demolition of the old Kelley tav-
ern, torn down last week to make room for
a barn, there passed one of the famous old
hostelries of Ulinois. Built in 1889, the old
tavern became the stopping place of all west
bound travellers, it being the only hotel be-
tween Danville and Urbana on the State road.
For years it enjoyed great popularjfy, espe-
cially during its ownership by Joseph Kelley,
who operated it from 1849 until 1864. During
the ‘50s it was the regular stopping place of
the old time circuit riding lawyers, among
whom were Abraham Lincoln and Judge
David Davis. Both Lincoln and Davis were
warm friends of Kelley, whose ready wit
and great fund of stories made him a favorite
with both men. Kelley was a great story
teller, and during the months intervening
between the April and September terms of
court he searched assiduously for “new sto-
ries to tell Abe.” When Limooln and the
retinue of cirouit riding lawyers and Judge
arrived Kelley was in bis glory. Out on the
long porch of the hotel or before the immense
fireplace he and Lincoln would sit for hours
“swapping stories” to the delight of the other
lawyers.

Often Lincoln’s coming, being heraided
about the surrounding country, drew scores
of farmers to the hotel, and not infrequently
residents of Urbana drove down to enjoy the
contest between the two great story tellers.
However well equipped with new material
was Mr. Kelley he always found himself van-
quished by Mr. Lincoln, whose fund of anec-
dotes seemed inexhaustible. Old residents
say that the two champions frequently told
stories almost all night, Lincoln sitting in an
immense armchair, with wide rockers and a
buffalo robe cushion, known to the household
as “Abe's chair.” The old chair is still in the
Possession of the Kelley family, one of its
most cherished heirlooms.

During the latter days of bis circuit riding
and while travelling from town to town on
his campaigning tours, the visits of Mr. Lin-
coln became famous for impromptu political
gatherings. Often Lincoln would sit for hours
in the barroom of the tavern, expounding
his views to the crowds assembled to hear
him. Mr. Kelley frequently asserted that
Lincoln was one of the few guests of the place
who never patronized the bar. TMs was
rare, for “good” whiskey, brought from the
Wabash country by an itinerant preacher,
sold over the bar for 37% cents a gallon, and
Practically every man, including the minis-
ters and school teachers, “took his dram.”
The old tavern played an important part
in the social life of the community. Here
during the winter months ‘assembled all the
young people for miles around to dance and
enjoy themselves. In the yard were held
the turkey shoots on Thanksgiving and
Christmas, when the pioneers assembled to
prove their wonderful skit’ with their old
muzzle loading firearms. Whiskey on these
occasions flowed freely, and some famous
fights have occurred about the old building,
but for the most part the early settler was
good natured, even in his cupa, and no serious
damage was done in these eghvanters.

With the coming of the railroads and the
passing of the stage ooach the old tavern
suffered a lamentable falling off in business,
and after @ precarious existence it was closed
and the building became the home of a tenant
farmer. Later it was used for the storage
of arain and farm implements. Falling into
decay, it has at last been .orn down, after an
existence of seventy-five vears, many of its
timbers going into the new barn,

 

Those Distinctive Soeldene Girls.
Emily Soldene im the Pall Mall Gazette.

“Of course they are ‘old days,’ yet I seem to be
fm them still. Those red, white and blue ribbons
lying on the table were tied to a bouquet that was
handed to me on the first night of ‘Genevieve de
Brabant,’ on November 11, 1871. That was the
night the country thought the Prince, our present
King, was going to die, and underlying all the
gayety and brilliancy was a feeling of fear. I
remember the bulletins being read from the stage
between the acts. Well, the opera caught on won-
derfully, and for the neat nine months we played
it to packed houses. All the aristocracy came,
Princes and Dukes and Duchesses—oh, most of the
Present middie aged members of the House of
Lords could tell you something of the ‘Phil’ In the
early '70s—and all the mews in the neighbor-
hood would be full night after night with the car-
riages that had brought them and were waiting to
take them home again.

“You should have seen our chorus—and our
pages. Such beautiful girls, and so big! There
was my sister, Clara Vesey, she was one of the
beauties of the day. There's he hotograph as
the pet page. Wasn't she pretty? I think she was
one of the first, if not the first, actress to be photo-
graphed for her beauty alone. She never had
much to do but look lovely--and I can tell you she
got there all the time at that sortof game. And
the presents that used to come to her—night after
night—simply pouring in! But all her admirers
knew she was my sister, so there was no nonsense.
They were just honest tributes to a beautiful crea-
ture-—and charming, too. Then there was poor
Selina Dolaro, the original Genevieve here. Why,
only to see her walk up and down the stage with a
rose In her mouth, like Carmen ~before Carmen had
been heard of—was worth a journey to Islington.

“I often wonder if the girls of the present day
have such a time as we had in the old Philharmonic.
Every man in London would be there--night after
night, many of them—and we were aj) so friendly.
“Potent, grave, and reverend seigniors’ many are
now, but they were not so grave then. They used
to come bothering ‘round me, and |'d say, ‘Oh, go
away. There's my sister. Talk to her.’ For if
I were singing and acting I hated to be disturbed.
We used to sit on our dressbaskets then—there
weren't the stuffed velvet chairs of the present
day~—and they were not at all uncomfortable, and
your tights kept right.

“I believe that the public now would be quite
shocked to see a girl in tights. You never see one
in musical comedy or comic opera. In fact, take
figures all ‘round,and I don't think you see the
figures you used to.”

__

Japanese Taste in Colors.

From Day Trade and Consular Reports.

The Japanese dress very quietly, even more so
than Americans. The babies are decked out in
very gay colors, contrasts of purple, yellow, red,
&c, The children wear mostly big patterns of “kas-
url.” This Is the name for the large patterns of
squares, blocks, lines, &c., which are mostly white

in Japan, probably more so than any other single
color, varying from indigo to very dark blue. The
older they get the more soberly they dress, and the
men wear no loud colors. Black may be sald to be
the national coior !n cloth, and the clothing mostly
used Is very Darrow striped gray and black. The
younger girls affect gay colors, and on holidays
that ts true of a large portion of the People, but
ordinarily the “daimio Jima” is the national cos-
tume, The name “daimto jima,” which means
“daimio stripes,” is sald to have been derived from
the fact that anciently It was the distinctive dress
of the daimios. Next to the stripes, small white
dots on a blue ground are tn most common use,

 

English Praise for American Education.

Sir Alfred Mosely, the English educator now tn
this country as the head of a commission studying
American school systems, says:

“My observations in this country have brought
me to the conclusion that the American boy Is far
better fitted for the battle with the world than is
the English youth when he leaves school, The one
thing that has struck me here is the large amount
of money that Is expended on education. You
have magnificent school bulldings, your equipment
fe lavish, and your teachers all seem fired with
enthusiasm, There ts another great contrast to
our educational methods. In England jt ts along
classical lines, In England the boy learns much
that Ie of little use laterin life. Here he specializes.
Then, too, the American boy remains longer in
school than does the English youth, and he fits
Himself for some definite calling. Here fewer
fail and sigj to the submerged tenth. In England
our rich men spend ther money on sport. Here
it is spent on education.”

eS

Bear in a Ganless Town.
Bloomsbura correspondence Phitadelphia Record,
While every man tn the village who owned a

gun was out bunting yesterday a larze black bear
came down the mountain from the rear of [1k
Grove and calmly sauntered down (the one street
of the town.
Several men with teams, but without guns, were
compelled to turn aside to let the bear pass,
_

An Admirer of Secrotary Shaw.
Knicker—The cost of living has gone yp.
Barpstormer—Thank goodness, that includes the

Fee se aeTr nnn ne a

i
q

   

  

ILLINOIS TAVERN. | PLEA FOR MERCHANT MARINE.
Only

 

 

Three Ocean Steamers Bailt in the
United States Last Year.

Wasnuyaron, Nov. 22.~An urgent recom-

Urbanq correspondence St. Louis Globe- | odation for the passage of a bill to en-

courage the upbuilding of the American
merchant marine is contained in the annua!
report of the Commissioner of Navigation.
It is pointed out that the fleet/of merchant
vessels carrying the Stars and Stripes has
become so reduced in number that American
merchant vessels are rarely seen in some
ports and never seen in many ports of the
South Ameridan republics. Stearn com-
munication with South America from our
Atlantic ports is: virtually confined to New
York, says the Commissioner, for while
foreign steamers occasionally enter at
Boston, Philadelphia or Baltimore, such
entry is generally an incident to a voyages,
The report favors American mai} lines to
South America as provided in the Merchant

‘Marine Commission bill.

|

|

The report shows that on July 30 last the
documented merchant vessels of the United
States numbered 25,006, of 6,674,069 gross
tons. Inthe past decade American shipping
on the Pacific has doubled, shipping on
the Great Lakes has increased 69 per cent.
and is now one-third of our total tonnage.
On the Atlantic and Gulf the increase is
only 29 per cent. In ten years the world's
merchant shipping has increased about
45 per cent. It now requires 177,200 men
to man all our merchant vessels and yachts.
In the year ended June 30 last, 1,221 vessels
of 418,745 gross tons were constructed. Only
three ocean steamers were built. On the
Great Lakes forty steamers of 233,356 gross
tons were constructed, three of them each
over 7,000 gross tons, the largest ever built
on the lakes.

The tonnage built during the current
fiscal year up to November 19 aggregates
208,000 gross, and if the present rate of
construction is not checked by strikes and
delays in furnishing structural steel, the
output of American shipyards this fiscal
year will be the largest in half a century,
and will be close to the output of 588,000
tons in 1855, the year of our greatest ship
construction.

 

NEW CAUSE FOR HIGH PRICES.

Dr. Powers Says It Is Pride and Vanity on
the Part of the Common People.

Wasurnaton, Nov. 22.—Pride and vanity
on the part of the average individual, rather
than an increase in the cost of raw products
or manufacture, are the causes for the pres-
ent high prices of foodstuffs, according
to Dr. Le Grand Powers, agricultural statis-
tician of the Census Bureau.

“People nowadays—I mean the average
people, common people, if you will—int
upon having the best of everything,” sax
Dr. Powers. “The workingman insists upon
the finest cuts of meat, and he buys better
meat, perhaps, than the salaried or pro>
fessional man. He does not subscribe t6
the shinbone doctrine of Edward Atkinson.
He has a feeling that he is as good as
anybody else, and this feeling asserts itself
in his purchases. That is vanity.

“You remember the time, perhaps, when a
man who wanted to buy a steak threw his
basket over his arm and went to the grocery
after it. But he won't carry a bundle now.
His meat must be sent to him. That ig

ide. It is safe to estimate that it costs

cents per steak for every cut that is de-
livered to a house. The same is true with
other commodities of everyday necessity.
The man whose food is delivered to him
by the earene or the butcher pays
the freight. °

“You may take any article you please
and you will find that the margin between
the manufacturer and the consumer is
constantly increasing. The middleman <r
dealer is the gainer, to a considerable degree,
although he is not responsible altogether
for the high prices of foods. He must
meet the consumer's fancies; he must make
his goods look attractive, and he must lay
them at the door of the household. All of
this costea money, and of course the con-
sumer pays the freight.

“People want prepared breakfast foods
now where they used to be satisfied with
oatmeal and mush, or dishes or cakes made
of flour. A barrel of flour sells anywhere
from $4 to $6 for a barrel of 196 pounds,
according to the price of wheat, but people
do not buy barrels of flour as of yore. They
demand it in fancy packages and some-
times get it in the form of prepared foods.
The flour that goes into a one pound pack-
age costs about a quarter of a cent. The
consumer pays much more, of course. The
price for this one pound package is higher
than it ought to be. it probably cost
eight or ten cents where it should not costa
more than five or six. The higher price
to the consumer is the result of the fancy
package, demanded by widely spreading
national vanity, and further to the fact
that the article must be delivered, a service
that is demanded by the pride of the pur-
chaser.

“People are spending money nowadays
and they are spending it fast. Our pros-
perity depends ane the spending. If
everybody hoarded what he earned pros
perity would cease. We would fry in our
own fat.”

 

 

MUST RUN SEVEN CAR TRAINS

On Third Avenue Elevated in Rush Hour.
—Six Car Trains cn Second Avenue.
ALBANY, Nov. 22.—The State Board of

Railroad Commissioners to-day adopted

recommendations for increased service by

the Interborough Rapid Transit Company
in New York city as follows:

That two seven car express trains be run
on the Third avenye elevated line during
the morning and evening rush hours; that
all trains on that line be composed of seven
cars during rush hours, and that all trains

 

lo on the § « rlevaten
piers om ie goin.” Dive wn tavar: Tor | Gperagesor the, Hecond avenue ev at

rue?
hours be composed of six cars. ‘The cars
composing the Second avenue trains wi!!
be of the subway type. with a groater ca
vacity than the regular Manhattan elevate.
he recommendations are to take effec
December 10.

“Present conditions would indicate that
the public of Richmond borough would no!
be provided “With proper transportatio:
facilities the coming winter,” say the com
missioners in a bulletin issued to-day con-
cerning improvements in railroad facilities
in that borough.

The board has recommended that the
Staten Island Midland Railway Company
and the Richmond Light and Railway Con
pany must purchase fifteen new closed
cars by December and sufficient power
house equipment to sufficiently light, hea!
and operate the maximum number 0!
cars required for operation during tli:
coming winter. The company will not be
required to put on additional cars during
evening rush hours until the terminals at
St. George are increased.

 

PROPOSED BIG BATTLESHIP.

The Board Appointed t o Select a Plan Has
Completed Ite Work.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.—The board ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy -
select a plan for the big battleship av
thorized by Congress at the last session
from five which were submitted to him
has finished its work and the final report
has been sent to Mr. Bonaparte. The res \!t
of the board’s deliberations has not been
made public and probably wil! not be until
Mr. naparte’s return to Washington,
Five designs were submitted, two by the
Bureau of Construction and Repairs and
three by outsiders. One of the Depart-
ment’s plans provides for a ship of 20,000
tons displacement and the other for a vessel!
with a displacement of 20,500 tons. Officers
interested in the matter say that a vessel
constructed in accordance with either one

of the Department's de would give
the navy a more sl oattbooks
any sow afloat we tdling ”