country, helei its first meeting yesterday

 

" gestions
‘Bishop Potter said that public speakers
of all kinds, actors, teachers, lecturers
and others must be relied upon to lead the
reform; that their influence was most direct

0 |
{

" a
~ i" leet te A ting ne om

 

ENTHUSIASM FOR ORTHORPY.

ON THE PURITY OF HIS SPEECH ,

 

 

By Forbes Robertson, Who Says He Could
Easily Fancy That He Was Listening to
a Distinguished Englishman or Seot
—Soclety to Look After Our Vowels.

The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Vowels, which has set out to purify
the King’s English as it is spoken in this

afternoon at the Academy of Fine Arts,
215 West Fifty-seventh street. The formal
name of the club is the Society for the
Study of Spoken English.

Bishop Potter and Forbes Robertson,
the English actor who is playing Julius
Cascr in Shaw's “Cesar and Cleopatra,”
talked before the new society, giving their
ideas of the best way to bring about correct
English speech. Mrs. Robert Erskine Ely,
who was a Dutch actress before she mar-
ried, and others of the chub made sug-

and far reaching upon the public in general.
He suggested that fathers and mothers
keep an eye on the sort of servants that
have care of their children, not permitting
the children to be under the influence of
loose, ignorant, careless speech on the
part of housemaids, governesses and nurses.
The Bishop didn’t like the way English is
taught in the schools in this country.

Forbes Robertson criticised the pronun-
ciation of his countrymen of the upper
classes. “In the upper classes in England,”
he said, “it is decidedly indifferent. it is
extraordinary what carelessness, ignorance
and affectation obtain among supposedly
cultivated and refined English men and
women. They will drop the final g and say
‘buntin,’ ‘ridin’, ‘flyin® and 60 on.

“The language of this great country is
English It is the object of this society
to bring about as correct and as pure pro-
nunciation as ible. In listening to
you sir,” he said, turning to the Bishop,
*I might easily fancy myself listening to
a distinguished Scot or Englishman. We
can't depend upon the pronouncing dic-
tionaries. We have to go to people that
speak properly and train our ears. Usage
is constantly changing the sound of a vowel
in a particular word, and we must bow to
that change and avoid the pedantry and
affectation that hold on to the old time
pronunciation,

“The great int, as the Bishop has sug-
gested, is to look after the nursery maids
and governesses that drop their h's and
final g's. Don't be too busy with social
affairs to watch your children. It ia really
quite remarkable how individuals here and
there in this country speak with absolute
purity of accent.”

“In connection with the stage,” put in
Bishop Potter, “why is it that people on the
stage for the firet time often speak 6o in-
distinctly ?”

‘It is the fault of their enunciation,”
said Mr. Robertson. “They’ do not know
how to breathe preety and they do not
speak clearly. only wish we in Great
Britain were about to form an equivalent
society. There is great need for it there.”

Miss Spence, the head of a girls’ school
here, said that Americans seem to be proud
of their provincialism, so proud of their

‘ own particular section of the country, that

‘ endure for endoore, and so on.

-

 

t

oy, refuse to deviate from its speech.
“Teachers and other educated persons
that have A. B.’s and A. M.’sand even Ph. D's
are constantly saying indooce, prodooce,
endooce and the like. Why should people
think it is affected to give vowels their
proper sound and continue to say “ant”
when th mean “aunt?”

“I believe,” said Bishop Potter, “that the
great majority of people in New York who
think they speak good English would think
it is affected if one said duty for dooty,
I have
heard them say they would not talk like
that because it would be artificial.

“By what standard do you speak?’ [
have said to them, ‘Your housemaid's?’

“We are bound to take such sophisms
by the throat and choke them, just as I
did one time when a man came into Grace
Church when I was rector there, sat down
in a pew, toe” off his coat, vest, collar and
cravat and thr»w them across the back
of the pew. He was asked to leave, and
afterward, when he apologized to me, he
said: ‘Bishop Potser, I once had a sun-
stroke, and go when summer comes I always
do the natural thing.’

“'No,’ said, ‘you did the indecent thing .’”

Mrs. Robert Erskine Ely said she thought
the reform ought to begin on the stage
and ost of the women present clapped
their hands appr waner

A small woman” in black who wore eye-
gla tes said she thought the pronunciation
int is city was appalling.
mic. worse than in Massachusetts, where
llive. sishop Potter nodded energetically
and all the women nodded too.

Letters congratulating the new society
were read from Richard Mansfield, who
said he was too busy with “Peer Gynt” to

* attend; Agnes Poppiier and David Bispham.

Mrs. Laura J. Post presided.

 

PRISCILLA HIT BY
Her Steering Gear Knocked Out, She Comes
to Her Pier in Tow.

The Fall River steamboat Priscilla, bound
to her pier at the foot of Murray street,
North River, anchored in a dense fog off
the foot of Twenty-eighth street, East
River, early yesterday morning, her cap-
tain fearing to venture further until the
air had cleared a bit. A deeply laden sand
scow, in tow, came out of the murk and
drifted down on the Priscilla, smashing
against her rudder and carrying away a
part of her steering gear.

None of the officers of the steamboat
saw the scow or tug long enough to identify
them. They were swallowed up swiftly
in the gloom. Passengers got a jolt and
were alarmed a bit. The mist lifted and
the Priscilla, finding she couldn’t steer,
asked by wireless for tugs. Three Dalzell
boats guided her to her pier and docked
her. The damage was repaired and she

sailed for Fall River last night about an
hour late.

HOME RULER DROPS IN.

Was in the Cromweliian Board of Aldermen
and Stull Takes an Interest.

William Demarest, who was a member of
what was known aa the Cromwellian or Home
Rule Board of Aldermen, was at the City
Hall yesterday. Heisnow 76yearsold. He
passed nearly the whole day in looking
up old records in the library of the City

all. He said he was searching for proof
to show that the boodle board of 1881 was
an illegal body and that when he got the
proot he would lay it tefore Alton B. rarker,
in the hope that the former Judge will
take proceedings to invalidate the street
railroad franchise granted to Jake Sharp
and his colleagues. ee
TAMPA WELCOMES FAIRBANKS.
Viee-President and Wife Escorted by Coast

Artillerymen.

Tampa, Fla., Nov. 22.—Vice President
Fairbanks and his party reached Tampa
this morning several hours behind shcedule
time,

They were greeted at the station by a re-
ception committee and escorted to their
hotel by a detachment of coast artillery.

The afternoon pro; me included a
reception and luncheon to Vice-President
and Mrs. Fairbanks. Later Mr. Fairbanks
delivered an addrese at the fair grounds,

A scoW.

 

 

 

Harvard '92 to Celebrate.

The New York members of the class of
1892 of Harvard will give a dinner to their
out of town classmates at the Harvard Club
his evening. Thomas W. Lamont will
orecide..

a

  

|

“It is certainly |

|

— $$ $$ $$ eee

BOOKS A AUT HORS. ,

Lady Dorothy Neville, whose volume of
Reminiscences is being so much read in
England, is a great favorite both in London
society and at country houses. She has
always been a brilliant conversationalist
and an appreciative listener, and has known
intimately many of the great men and
women of the Victorian era—politicians,
lawyers, authors, artists, sportsmen, art
collectors and aristocrats, includihg the
King. Her reminiscences range from the
Derby of 1835 down to the present day, and
her observations of men and women, man-
ners and customs, are humorous and en-
tertaining. She knows society as it was
and is, and though she has a caustic word
for the methods of the day, her attitude is
on the whole tolerant and her book is a
cheerful retrospect of sixty years spent
among the most notable people of her time.
Lady Dorothy is an eager collector of pic-
tures, furniture and china, and has for
some time been living quietly, devoting
herself to thinking and writing.

       
    
   
     
 
      
       
   
 
     

Lawrence Gilman, the author of “The
Music of To-morrow,” will publish in a few
weeks an analytical guide to Richard
Strauss’s “Salome.” which Mr. Conried will
produce at the Metropolitan Opera House
early in the year. The book will contain a
description of the drama and a full analysis
of the score, with musical illustrations. It
is dedicated to the conductor, Alfred Hertz,
who will direct the performance.

Old Q.—the Marquis of Queensberry—
whom the autbor George 8. Street calls
the “presiding genius of Piccadilly,” is the
subject of an interesting paper in the De-
cember Putnam's. It is illustrated with a
caricature and portrait of the picturesque
character, Old Q., whose reputed daughter
married the Marquis of Hertford, who is
supposed to be the original of Thackeray's
Marquis of Steyne?

‘

 

The English translation of the Hohenlohe
Memoirs will be published in this country
in the first week of December.

Dudley Kidd's new book on “Savage
Childhood” describes the life of the children
of the South African natives. Begining
with birth customs, the naming of the
child, milk charms, lullabies, &c., the ideas,
sentiments, ambitions and habits are passed
in review. Chapters are devoted to the
games of children, and a number of hitherto
unpublished fairy tales are included. The
book will be of interest to those engaged
in child study, anthropology and folk lore.

“Some Reminiscences of William Michael
Rossetti” is, according to the preface, the
eighteenth work more or leas connected
with his family for which Mr. Rossetti is
responsible. Of the Pre-Raphaelites gen-
erally, among whom the preeminence is
assigned to Mr. Holman Hunt, it is said that
they “belonged to the middle or lower
middle class of society. Not one (if I ex-
cept my brother aud myself) had had the
sort of liberal education which comprises
Latin and Greek, nor did any of them—
not even Millais, though associated with
Jersey—read or speak French. Faults of
speech and of spelling oecurred among them
passim. Of any access to ‘the upper classes’
through family. ties there was not a trace.”
Admirers of Christina Rossetti will be in-
terested to learn of a proposal of marriage
which she received from Charles Bagot Cay-
ley and which from religious scruples she felt
herself compelled to decline. To him she
dedicated sonnets and poems, and on her
death bed she spoke of her love for him.

M. Gaston Boissier is giving up his chair
at the Collége de France after lecturing on
Latin letters for more than forty years.
He is a brilliant writer and intends to de-
vote his time to a study of the Helleniza-
tion of Rome.

Felix Draeseke, the composer, now in his |
seventy-second year, recently published an |

article in the Stuttgart Neue Zeilung, called
“Konfusion in der Musik.” Fifty years ago,
he says, there was bitter party spirit, but.
musicians fought for a principle, whereas
present day musicians scarcely know what
they are fighting about. The writer was

among theearly champions of the new school |

of Wagner and Liszt music.

“The Art of Garden Design in Italy,” by
H. Inigo Triggs. should be a book of unusual
interest, for Italy is the classic home of the
architectural garden. The historical
troduction is devoted to the progress of
garden design from the time when Lucullus
carried out the garden works described by
Plutarch. The book deals with the Renais-
sance, when under the patronage of the
Medici the art of horticultural design was
revived, and during the centuries that fol-
lowed the greatest artists were employed
in making plans for magnificent gardens in
all parts of Italy. These gardens were
treated as an integral part of the general
scheme of the house worthy of the greatest
architectural skill in arrangement.

Constance Lady De la Warr’s life of a |

“Twice Crowned Queen,” Anne of Brittany,
who successively married two French
kings, is a refutation of the theory that the
modern woman is so much more ad vanoed
and improved than her forebears. Anne of
Brittany belonged to the fifteenth century,

but she was firmly convinced that men |

could not stand comparison with women,
deeply resented the injustice shown by men
to women, and ordered all her Court poets
to avenge her sex. She encouraged de-
bates on poetry, romance and history,

 

made a huge collection of books, was a.

generous patron of letters and pictures,
spent much money on her table plate and
the decorations of her rooms, and besides
all this insisted on her warm bath daily
and kept all her belongings perfumed with
silk sachets filled with roses, musk and

violets.

Among the “Old New England Churches”
described by Dolores Bacon in her forth-
coming book are the old First Church,
the old North Church, the Old South Church
ané King’s Chapel of Boston; Concord
Church, Church of the Pilgrims, Plymouth;
First Congregationat of Salem, and Churoh
of Christ, Bennington.

The continuation of Franklin's letters to
Mme. Brillon is the most notable contribu-
tion to the December Putnam's Monthly.
What the great philosopher has to say

| about the Ten Commandments will prove

ae GES

the most important as well an the most
startling feature of the article.

The Rev. George Hodges, whose “Pursuit
of Happiness” has just been published, is
dean of the Episcopal Theological School
at Cambridge and president of the Asso-
ciated Chamber in Cambridge. He is the
author of a number of books, including
“The Paths of Peace,” “When the King
Came,” and others.

 

Dr. Houghton’s Danughier to Marry.

Worcester, Mass., Nov. 22.—The en-
gagement of Mary Gertruds Houghton,
daughter of the Rev. Dr. George Clark
Houghton, pastor of the Little Church
Around the Corner, New York city, to the
Rev. (. A. L. Stromborn of , North Grafton
was announced to-day,

it

 

|

| Jacoby and Nevendorff, and MM. Rous-
| seliére, Plancon,

in- |

|

| which has not been heard here in years.

|

| Brag

rr

| included a number of the stockholders and

 
    
   

  

Knit underwear and hosiery
for men, women and children
,—at all the better grade stores.

@ THE

 

MARGULIES TRIO.
First Performance of a Long Winded Work
by Rachmaninoff.

The first concert of the Adele Margulies
Trio took place last night at Mendelssohn
Hall. The opening number on the pro-
gramme was the ‘Trio Elegaique,” opus
9, of Rachmaninoff, which was heard for
the first time here. This is a trio with sup-
plement, for in the second movement the
composer has introduced a harmonium.
Nevertheless, the title trio is fairly retained,
for the harmonium is used only incidentally,
though with signal effect, The work bears
the inscription “To the memory of a great
artist.” We are not informed who the
great artist is, but we are at liberty to in-
fer from a certain resemblance in
plan to the A minor trio of Tsohaikowsky
—itself in memory of a great artist—that
the composer of the “Symphonie Pathet-
ique” is meant.

It would be instructive and even com-
forting to know why Rachmaninoff found
himself unable to step when half way
through the firet movement of his trio.
This is much the longest of the three parts
and the composition in its entirety takes
nearly fifty minutes to perform. It is con-
siderably longer than Beethoven's fifth
symphony, yet if it went on for a hundred
years after the manner of its first move-
ment it would not say as much as that sym-
phony does In its first twenty-five seconds.

The piano begins the movement with a
figure of weird accompaniment, over which
presently enters a cantabile theme for] the
violin and ‘cello, When all three grow
tired of saying it this way, they exchange
and the piano sings the cantabile whilejthe
other two play the wailing accompaniment
figure. The development is of the harmonic
sort in which the one is screwed a
peg and heated a bit and then screwed u
another peg and heated some more till
there are no more pegs or heat and then
let down ‘peg by peg till it cools off and
gets back to its original state

The second movement is an andante quasi
variazioni. The small organ here lifts up
its voice and intones a churchly melody
witb ricoh harmonies. The other instru-
ments take up this thought and put it
through developments on the variation
plan. The scherzando variation is admir-
able and there is some really good music in
this movement. The finale is brief and con-
sists chiefly of a return of the principal
thought of the first movement. hrough-
out the composition the piano predominates
and its part is written for a virtuoso.

Miss Margulies played it notably well,
with much beauty of tone, with virility
and with musical appreciation. She was
ae J supported by her associates,
Leopold Lichtenberg, violinist, and Leo
Schulz, ‘cellist. The other numbers on
the programme were Schubert's “Rondeau
Brilliant,” opus 7, for piano and violin, and
Saint-Saéns's trio in F major, opus 18,

No, 1,
OPERA PROGRAMMES,

Coorted and Hammerstein Announce Their
First Week Plans.

The first dress rehearsal of the present
season was held yesterday morning at the
Metropolitan. “Romeo et Juliette” was
sung from noon until 4 o'clock before an
audience of less than 100 persons. These

pa i i

 

 

friends of Geraldine Farrar, who was making
her first appearance at a rehearsal. Mme.
Fames was there to listen to her youthful
compatriot and so was Herr Conried, who
had to hurry away later to assist Signor
Caruso. Among the otfier artists who sang
for the first time were Mme. Rousseliére and
Simard. .

The operatic war began yesterday in
earnest when both impresarios announced
their programmes for the first week of
their season. Next week Mr. Conried will
have no opposition. He will give on Mon-
day “Romeo et Juliette, "with Mmes, Farrar,

 

Simard, Dufriche and
Rossi; on Wednesday, “La Bohéme,” with
Mmes. Sembrich and Alten and MM.
Caruso, Scotti, Journet and Dufriche; at
the Thanksgiving day matinée, “Hansel
und Gretel”; on Friday, “Tannhaduser,”
with Mmera. Fleischer-Edel, Fremstad and
Alten and MM. Burrian, Van Rooy and Blass;
at the Saturday matinée, “La Traviata,”
with Mmes. Sembrich and Jacoby and
MM. Caruso, Stracciari and Bars, and
on Saturday night “Romeo et Juliette,”
with Mies Abott and M. Soubeyran

Oscar Hammerstein will open the new
Manhattan Opera House on December 3.
He will open with Bellini’s “I Puritani,”

The cast is new to New York with the ex-
ceptions of MM. Arimondi and Ancona,
who have been heard here some years ago.
The leading roles of the opera will be taken
by Mmes. Regina Pinkert. and Zaccaria,
and MM. Bonci, Ancona, Arimondi, Mug-
noz and Venturino. On Wednesday “Don
Giovanni” will be’sung by Mmes. Russ and
Donalda and MM. Bonci, Renaud, Gilibert,
and Mugnoz. “Faust” will be sung in
French at the Wednesday performance by
Mmes. Donalda, Giaconia and Zaccaria and
MM. Dalmores, Renaud, Arimondi and
Fosetta. At the Saturday matinée “I
Puritani” will be repeated. “Faust” will be
sung at the first Saturday evening popular
WTOrIRARES, with M. Ancona in place of M.
enaud.

 

News of Plays and Pia yers.

This afternoon will mark the last joint
appearance in America of Mme. Yvette
Guilbert and Albert Chevalier. They will
be seen at a special matinée performance
at the Broadway Theatre in aid:of the
Riverbend House Convalescent Home for
Children.

Ethel Houston has been added to the
forces of the Savage Opera Company, now
presenting “Mme. Butterfly” at the Garden
Theatre. Mise Houston, who has sun
with success in Paris, where dhe prepares
for the opera stage, will be heard as Zuzucki,
alternating in the part with Harriet Behnee.

W. 8. Gilbert's “hosenerens and Guilden-
stern,” a burlesque on “Hamlet,” is to be
made a feature of the Henry Clay Barnabee
testimonial, on December 11,in the Broad-
way Theatre if an arrangement for “all star”
re can be effected. It will repre-
gent Robert Mantell’s contribution to the
big programme in preparation. “Rosen-
cranz and Guildenstern” is in his répertoire,
and he will be seen as King Claudius. It
is the plan of the committee in charge of
the occasion to cast the burlesque with stars,
and to have Richard Carle for Hamlet,
Peter F. Dailey for Rosencrane and Sam
Bernard for Osri.

At the one hundredth performance of
“The Tourists” at the Majestic Theatre on
December 3 a ailver receiver in the
shape of a heart and beari portraits
of Julia Sanderson, Vera Michelena and
Grace La Rue will be given to the women

present.

“Dream ay will probably be the name
of the new Victor Herbert-Edgar Smith
play by Joe Weber’s company at Weber's
Theatre. The first rehearsal of the chorus
of the new company was held yesterday.
The principals, i Lillian Bromweot
Cecilia 8, Joe Wi , Otis Harian,
Will T. Hodge will

and Maurice Farkoa,
have their first rehearsal Monday

GEORGE
ADE

Driven abroad by the muck-
rakers, Pike (of the auburn
hair) climbs a wall to see
some A-rabs perform and
finds a real, sure-enough
princess, a pippin, if you
don’t mind his saying so
—the kind that “would
block the trafic if she

walked up Fifth Avenue.”
~

 

Alex. H.
Pike—

of the Bessemer, Penn-
sylvania, Pike family
(fortune made in steel
common, but preferred
that way) that “robbed
the orphans, walked
on the humble work-
ing-girl and gave the
double-cross to the
common people.”

The rest of it happens in
America because the ad-
vertising pages prove that
American breakfast foods
add a pound a day to a

SLIM PRINCESS,

     
    
  
   
    
   

Get This Week’s

  
  

5c the copy

   

   
    
   
  
 

Our main salesrooms, extending
from 23rd to 24th Streets, ac-

comodates* many purchasers
with ample room for careful

selection.

E. P. Dutton & Co.,

31 West Twenty-third Strest.

    
    
 
  
 
     
  
    
    

 

MR. LHEVINNE'S RECITAL.

  
    
  
    
 

 

The Distinguished Russian Pianist tin a
Good Programme at Carnegie Hall.
Joseph Lhevinne, the Russian pianist,
gave a recital at Carnegie Hall last night.
His first number was Beethoven's C sharp !
minor sonata, known and beloved among
schoolgirls and other sentimental music
lovers as the “Moonlight” sonata. Mr.
Lhevinne filled it to the brim with just
the sort of moonlight that music lovers
of this kind desire. It was just as dainty
as it could be. The other important num-
ber on the list was the “Carnival,” of Schu-

mann.

In this composition some of the better
qualities of Mr, Lhevinne's art were dia- |
played. For one thing his tone was beau-
tiful and in the closing p s he drew
from the instrument a splendid and im-

osing sonority. But even here he indulged
in some exaggerations of tempi which were
at war with the intent of the compose. It
was in rushing the utterances of one of
Schumann'smost delicate and poetic fancies
that he erred most of the time.

Other numbers on the programme were
the Brahms intermezzo, opus 117, No. 1;
Chopin's barcarole, opus 60, and A flat
waltz, opus 42; Brahms's variations on a
Paganini theme, one of the things Mr.
Lhevinne can play; Balakireff's “The Lark,”
Czerny’s octave étude, opus 740, and the
valse from Rubinstein’s “Le Bal.” Mr.
Lhevinne is a great technician and has a
fine command of tone, but he does not yet
disclose profound insight.

         
 
  
 
  
  
  
   

NEW

 

 

No Sonday Concerts at the New York,

The management of the New York Theatre,
the only syndicate house running a Sun-
day night performance, announced yes-
terday that the Sunday concerts would
be discontinued. There will be no per-
formance next Sunday. The reason given
is that the managemess — it im ble
under present conditions to give the pub-
lic a show worth while and is discontinuing
the performances to keep faith with the

ubtic. They will be resumed, it is prom-
feed, when the law is so amended as to
permit of changes in costume,

 

Dinner to Editor John J. Leidy.

In commemoration of the completion of
a third of a century in active newspaper
work by John J. Leidy, editor of the Morn- =
ing Star, a banquet was given him at Achtel-
Stetter’s, Newark® last night by the news-

per men of the State. Mayor Edward

ennt of East Newark was toastmaster,
and speeches were made by Gov. Stokes,

of Cornell University ;

top. Pages xxiv., 446,

Senator Dryden, former ator James :
Smith, Jr., Justice J. Franklin Fort, Mayor 46UYIGOROUS, authentic and vivid blography merkee by an tntense sympathy with the
Henry M. Doremus and others. A loving spirit of Mollere’s life ond work aud by @ ue critical faculty.”

cup was presented to Mr. Leidy.

 

 

 

Hetty Green Celebrates 72d Birthday,

Boston, Nov. 22.—Yesterday was the |
seventy-second birthday of Mrs. Hetty
Green.

Mrs. Green spent the day quietly at How-
land street, Roxbury, where she is staying,
devoting her time to her business affairs
and receiving calls from friends.

DUFFIELD

36EAST 21° ST

   

Big New Nurses’ School for Bellevue.
Plans have been filed for the new six |
story fireproof quatatag school for women |

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT Tors, |

 

 

Mayor McClellan received

trom the Atlantic Telephone SSoeone, wich neo nurses for Suilewee and Allied Hos- |
applied for o francine i or ibis city. for | pitals in Twenty-sixth street, east of First

operate this city, for
Of Estimate on
as

 

speedy ac ;
avenue, running through the block to
Belore ibe B to

boned enue te Gqeae’ Twenty-fifth street. 1t is to have a front-

he Slim Princess

IHE SATURDAY
EVENING POST

$1.50 the year, by subscription
THE CURTIS 'PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA

FROM ONE SIDE OF THE CONTINENT
TO THE OTHER, REVIEWERS PRAISE

The Story of
Martin Coe

By Ralph D. Paine

C. W. MASON, in THE BROOKLYN EAGLE, says:

** The best novel I have struck so far in the fall lists.
It has romance, yet it is modern and American.”’

THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL says:

‘** The Story of Martin Coe’ is a rattling good yarn.
It is such a well told tale that if §,
Conrad had written it the eritics would kow tow.”’

2nd LARGE EDITION

The Outing Publishing Company
YORK

MOLIERE.

A BIOGRAPHY

By H. C. CHATFIELD-TAYLOR
Introduction by Professor T. F. CRANE

complete Index and Appendices.
$3.00 net,

 

 

The Slim
Princess—

“slender, but not the
same width all the way
up and down”’— who
lives in a land where
fatness is a dowry and
where “a woman
weighing two hundred
pounds is only two-
thirds as beautiful as
one weighing three
hundred.”

 
 

  

  
   
  
  
  

        

evenson or

  
    
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
   
         
         
   
   
      
         
    
 
    

 
  

illustrations by ‘Job;”’
Large 8vo, gilt
Postage 18¢c,

Chicago Recerd-Heraid.

COMPANY

NEW YORK

   

  
     

age of 151 feet and a depth of 19114 feet.

oem or will contain the assembly
hall gx@ @ «ning hall, and the second floor
wit have a laboratory. The other floors
will be fitted with sleeping chambers and
there will be « roof garden with a pergola
ornamented with terra cotta columns.
The building is to cost $575,000.

  

  
 

  
 
  
 
 
 

>

| A new character in the class

**Has all the attractions of behind
the scenes with royalty, as well as
vital heart interest and deftness of
wit.”’—-Albany Argus.

“Apt to be found.on the ‘best sel-
lers’ counters before many weeks.”’
Springfield Republican.

An Exquisite Romance
Exquisitely Hlustrated

D. APPLETON & CO.
NEW YORK

PERN

The Illustrious
O’Hagan

By Justin Huntly McCarihy
The scene of Mr. McCarthy's
new romance is laid in a little
German principality in the eigh-
teenth century. Here O’ Hagan,
a gallant Irish gentleman and

 

| soldier of fortune, succeeds in bat-

fling the intriguing court beauties
and diplomats, and effects the
rescue of Dorothea, the beautiful
but unhappy wite of the dissolute
Prince. As the lady and her
champion fall in love with each
other and the Prince is unex-
pectedly killed, the exciting scenes
lead to a happy climax. A dash-
ing and dramatic romance told
with Mr. McCarthy's character-
istic grace and humor.

HARPER & BROTHERS

 

 

    
   

  

A KNIGHT
OF THE

CUMBERLAND
JOH
FOX,
Jr.

dilaustrated n color, 1,00

     
 
    

  

      
     
      
       

  
 
   
     
   
 
     

  

“The only possible complaint
that the reader can make is that
the book is too short; but perhaps
it would still be to short if it
were twice as long. It is one of
the best Mr. Fox has written.”
—Chicago Ev:ning Post.

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

  

READ

sty MSc, j
By e

SEWELL FORD

with Chimmie Fadden and the
Artie of George Ade, but “much
|more real. The most joyous per-
| sonage we have met with in fiction
‘in a good many days,” says the
| New York Press.
| A’ all Eocks:liers
Mitchell Kenncrley, Publisher, New Vork

JQNGROSSIN

+ Nluminating, Zostinonials, Memor
sails, Designing, a Pages 2

, Binsley-Drake Go.,845 Bway,N. . Tel. 8830 Cort,

RARE Casanova, History of Flagellation, Moll

Flanders, Apuletis’ Golden Ass. PRATT, 161 6th ay

 

| PENMANSHIP
HEADQUARTERS

 

 

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.

Advertisements for The Sun and Evening Sun

may be left at any American District Messenger
Office ip the city.

ae

bee

wig

il
ai

 

 

; : sie aes
* See ee
Ne ne

ae

Se aS Ge

ea