eee eens ee

IN THE FOOTBALL WORLD

NEW GAME INCREASES CHANCES
FOR STRATEGIC IMPROVEMENT.

Ceach Bloomer Predicts Another Tie Game
in New Haven Tomorrow —Other Im-
wortant Battles —Committoeman Daly's
Change of Heart—Practice of Teams.

 

A cloae atudent of football and its develop-
ments nakes the observation that much as
the game has impr..ved under the new rules
too much stress still is put on weight. Yet
he calls attention to the fact that little men
have been more prominent on the gridiron
than big men this season, which is one indica-
tion that the new rules are a step in the right
direction. Playera below the average foot
ball weight who have shone this season are
Knox of Yale, Starr of Harvard, E. Dillon of
Princeton, Fckersall of Chicago, Mayhew of
Brown, Bishop of Michigan and Lawrence of
Pennsylvania; and there are a dozen or more
players just a shade above these in weight who
have had more chance to show their worth
with the changed order of things.

Changes suggested for next year are of two
kinds. One would mean a partial return to
the old game, a partial restoration of the
maasing. slamming formations of last year.
The other is an amplification of the more open
game of this year. To restore the five yard
rule when the teams are inside the 25 or 15
yard lines would bring about the first named
condition, and a good many persons whose
interest in the sport has been revived would
look on it as a step backward—not a move
along the lines of progress. Any proposed
change needs a stronger argument than that
it would increase scoring to support it, espe-
cially in view of the great decrease in the num-
ber of serious accidents which the ten yard
rule and other reforms have accomplished.

It is true that with the closer grouping of
the defence inside the 25 yard lines ten yards
are harder to make than in other parta of
the fleld, but the matter of gaining ground
is of secondary importance compared to the
improvement of the game as a spectacle and
its more open and less battering nature. If
different rules are to prevail for different
parts of the field why not have a different
set of men to put in according to the location
of the ball? With only five yards to gain in
certain parts of the field beef would again
loom up as a vital possession, at least more
than now. And that is just what the rules
committee has striven to get away from.

A way to cope with the diflculty of gain-
{ing ten yards inside the 25 yard lines is by
strategic methods, not by avoirdupois. We
have not vet begun to realize on the possi-
bilities of forward and other passes and the
onside kick. Football is a game of tremen-
dous rategic possibilities. The new rules
and the direction in which they point for
further improvement are making more of
strategy than did the old rules, which were
more a question of smoothness in forma-
tions. Moreover, it is altogether reasonable
to believe that as players of the new game
are turned out and become coaches existing
difficulties in gaining ground in certain por-
tions of the fleld commensurate with the
ability todo so in other portions will me
less and that moves will be worked out to
more nearly equalize attack with defence.
One season's trial of the new rules has shown
them in such a good light that better things
are promised from them with the experience
and knowledge of fine points gained in the
first year. Everybody was in the dark when
the season began and had to experiment.
Now players and coaches are in a much
waar Ponto to dig up and elaborate and

verfect.

’ Even this year there have been enough
instances of ability of one strong team to go
the final twenty-five yards againet another
atrong team to point to still more of it as the
new game is developed. Cornell did it to
Princeton, Princeton to Cornell, Cornell to
Swarthmore, Yale to Brown, West Point to
Yale, Pennsylvania to Michigan and Harvard
to the Indians. Somehow or other these

teams got therein the games mentioned,
and what was possible is still possible.

Next to the Harvard-Yale battle to-morrow
the most important will be between Brown
and Dartmouth at Springfield. The officials
for the former game will be Hackett, West
Point, referee; Edwards, Princeton, and Hall,
Dartmouth, umpires, and Averault, Groton,
linesman. For the Brown-Dartmouth game
Corbin, Yale, will be the referee; Wrightington,
Harvard, and Burleigh, Exeter, umpires,
and Whiting, Cornell, linesman. Coach Rob-
ingon of Brown says Dartmouth is superior
to his team in punting and place picking. that
Brown is better in open play, and that in line
bucking the teams are equally matched.
Coach Folsom of Dartmouth says he would
rather predict a victory for Brown than for
Dartmouth, but Capt Glaze of Dartmouth is
confident Dartmouth will win, Capt. Schwartz

* Brown expects the hardest sort of a game,
but says Brown men feel that they have the
team to beat Dartmouth.

The Amherst-Swarthmore game to-morrow
is another of no small importance. Swarth-
more, notwithstanding the drubbing by
Cornell and crippled stars, is hopeful. The
team is capable of better football than it
‘layed against Cornell. The Amherst players
eft for Swarthmore yesterday and put in the
night in New York. Capt. Hubbard will play

quarterback to-day for the first time in a
regular game Lehigh meets Lafayette to-
morrow and Bucknell meets Gettysburg.

In both of these games there is sharp rivalry.
Lehigh has not a great deal of hope of beating
Lafayette after the latter's fine record this
season, but expects to hold the Eastonians
toa much smaller score than last year. Dick-
son and Bull, old Pennsylvania players, are
the respective coaches of Lehigh and Lafay-
ette. The Army is likely to get some good
yractice to-morrowin the game with Syracuse,
The Syracusans, since their triumph over
Lafayette, will go against the soldiera with
renewed zeal. Lt willbe the last skirmish for
the Army prior to the Navy engagement,

Ralph Bloomer, the Yale coach, who pre-
dicted a0 to 0 game between Vale and Prince-
ton, looks for another tie game in New Haven
to-morrow. “Harvard has a stiffer attack
than Yale,” he remarks, “and is a triflebetter
in punting Vale's defensive game is stronger
than Harvard's. [t should be a harder game
for Yale than the Princeton game was, but
the Yale team shonid be able to play a better
game than it put upat Princeton.” Rockwell
also looks for a harder game to-morrow
than Yale had last Saturday “Harvard
has Aa inore consistent team defence,” he
declares, “and it will have to be met by more
energetic team play

Yale's showing against the freshmen on
Wednesday was not expecially encouraging,
though those self-same freshmen might have
done as well against Ifarvard, for they area
powerful lot If Kno, does not play for Yale,
who will catch punts? There are capable
wunderstudies for Knox, but he was a sure
catcher of punts and the best man on the
team at running them back. Harvard is
brimming over with confidence and ginger,
Coach Reid's reference to the bratniness and
preparedness of his team makes one wonder
f it is as good as the Harvard team of 1901
Tf it is if ought to win to-morrow, However,
the description, “the beat ever,” applied to
this year’s Harvard eleven, also was applied
to the Prinvetoneleven last week. This isn't
Yale's “best ever” team by any means.

Three season already

eaptains for next

have been elected. Two of them are line men
and one a back Wesleran's new leader is
Vavior, the bie guard. Exeter has chosen

White. the tackle, and Andover’s new captain
is Merrit!, the quarterback

There will bea hig achool game in New York
te-morrow The Central Hich School team
of Philadeiphia and the De Witt Clinton High
School cleven of New York will elash at
(Nemple Field, 156th street and Fifth avenue

Charles Daly

int quarterback and a member of the
roles committee, has undergone a chanse of
henet { opposed more changes in the foot-
hell rules than any member of the commit-
tha

y

“he save

 

ame ois roueh improved Wt certainly ia!
hetter sport and injuries have been” out
wwn tremendously
“ew Haven. Nov. With every aevmp-
tomo being supremely confident of defent-
Harvard, the coaches to-day revised
eir plans for an easy session and drove
ew -leven in a ehaorp quarter hour ecrim-
YyaAge 8eainet the eeeands the recvlar
back ed hada laveff, as did Forbes at left
end. Dines was in the place of Tad Jones
and Wernecken, Bomer ant tinn made up
the rest of thehack fell The serubsa were
not in it with the firat «tring and besides
eoriny ith comparative ease the varsity
fin all the best of the de’enaive werk, tloome
had some practice to-das Ite will prob
ably not start in the game but will be saved
for the final onslaucht on the ¢ rimaon eles en
Romar now looks like the snoeeaser to knox
at rich halfback Vhe choice apparently

Hes bet ween Linn and Bomar forthe poaiticn
Forbes bas been off coler for a daw er twe,
but a reat ie thought to be all rhat is neeled
to put him back into the beat of shape

Nothing to it but Vale is the sentiment here
All_the coaches say that Vale should
and the undergraduate bedv ia juat as cer-
tain as ever a crowd of atndentsa were. The
ecrap over officials has raised the Vale spiric
toa fiehting pitch and it will satay there
Tt i: save to say that all the men in Yale feel
that Harvard was too cocky and arrogant
@nd that the squabble was all due to the

 

 

panne

Ppa Re

   

the former Harvard and Weat |

but Tam now satisfied that the |

win, !

m " ; oe it A dns woh S - eee

     

Yesterday 91,500 of Har-
money got here to be placed at evens

Cri
va
t was anapped ted,” a
more came to-day "end" will be covered just as
|

in attitude,

promptly.

Practice this afternoon was of exactly the
same character as it was for the few days
before the team left Cambridge. The team
gre subs, making in all a squad of twenty-
ight men, arrived al New Haven at 12:56
o'clock and proceeded at once in a special
trolley car to the Pequot Club at Morris Cove,
Coaches Reid, Brown, Lewis, Cutta and
White accompanied the men to direct the
practice and Dr. Nichols and Dr. Smith were
along to look after the paypioa condition
ofthe men. The work of the day commenced
about 4 o'clock. Osborne did some goal
kicking under the supervision of Coach
Cutts, Newhall tried a few drops and Burr
punted fora while, All the men on the squad
preccined eatehing kicks. After this pre-
iminary work, which was in an open fleld
in the rear of the quarters, the men were all
taken into a space of abaut two acres that
was surrounded wi.h canvas There they
were drilled in formations and in breaking
Up cortam plays. A snappy signal drill of
about forty-five minutes terminated the
work in the encloeure and the men then went
for_a run of about a mile along the road.
Kersberg had a shore run in the beginning
of the work, and was only on the varsity for
the practice before the signal drill. His knee
ia not quite well. Of the other men that have
recently been on the injured list Capt, Foster
and Starr were noticeable for the life that
they put into their work this afternoon, The
physical condition of the Harvard players is
of the highest order. This evening Coach
Reid was asked if he was confident of Har-

vard winning, :

“Confident?” he replied. “Well, I should
say weare. The boys are all here, you see,
and there is not one of them who is not in tip
top shape for this game, and so prime full of
the conviction that Harvard will win this

ame that there is no room left within them
or anything else.”

Asked about the dispute between the Har-
vard and Yale managers as to the selection of
officials, Reid repe $

“{ do not care to discuss that matter. Alll
will say is that we have agreed on officials.”

    

 

He would not say whether Yale had suggested
aad insted on Pau! Dashiell as umpire of the
game.

WasnINOTON, Nov. 22.—For the first time
in moor ro", neither the President nor the
head o the ‘ar or Navy Department will
attend the West Point-Annapolis football game
at Franklin Field, Philadelphia, on December
1. Pressure of official! business will prevent
them going. Assistant Secretaries Oliver
and Newberry will represent. the army and
navy respectively in their official capacities
at the game.

Hanover, N. H., Nov. 22.--The Dart-
mouth foothall squad, numbering twenty-
ao men, left for North Hampton, Mass.
this afternoon where they will sto tor final

ractice before the game with Brown at

Pringfield. With Capt. Glaze in the game
the men feel confident that the team will
play a better game than they did at Cam-

ridge. Hobbe, right tackle, has been hav-
ing trouble with his shoulder, but Dr. Bowler
thinks he will be in condition to start the
game. There is great enthusiasm in Han-
over over the coming contest and it is esti-
mated that some 909 undergraduates will
go to Springfield to support the team,

on

Iranca, N. Y., Nov In what was prob-
ably the last scrimmage of the year the
Cornell varsity defeated the acrubs in a short
sharp tussie by one touchdown, With a hare
field and bracing air the practice was very
fast and snappy. ati, regular reported
to-day, and all but Walder took part in the
scrimmage. With the strongest scrub team
that has faced them in a long time, Coach
Lueder playing one of the guards, the varsity
slowly worked its way down the field. War-
ner's new plays were used extensively and
proved good ground gainers. Cosgrove
agein showed up well as a plunging fullback,
although a bit slow in getting started. Earle
and Gibson made pretty forward passes
Newman and Cogk 8 owed up strong on the
defence. Thompson lined up with the var-
sity, his knee not causing him much trouble.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 22.—Football prac-
tice at the Naval Academy this season is the

most secretive that has ever been held here, |

not even naval officers and midshipmen,
except those directly connected with the
team, being allowed near the fleld. It is
rumored that Head Coach Pau! Dashiell and
Field Coach Cates have devised some plays
which use the possibilities of the new rules
in some ways which those connected with
other teams have not worked on. | At present
not a single regular player or leading substi-
tute is out of the game on account of injuries.

The friends of ell here
somewhat indignant at reports which indicate
that he is the cause of a dispute between Yale
and Harvard over officials, As a matter of
fact Dr. Dashiell declined the invitation early
in the season to officiate in any games.

 

STaTE CoLLRGe, Pa., Nov, 22.— Through a
most unpleasant mixture of mud and sleet
the coaches drove the varsity squad at a
merry clip this afternoon, the two hours hard
practice ending with a fast lineup aatust
the scrubs. Using two sets of halfbacka,
Henry and Partridge, Hirschman and Yock-
ley. with Zink at fullback, and Treeze at
centre, the varsity got well together for the
firat time since the Dickinson game, and
wen. through the scrubs rough shod for three
touchdowns; Henry also kicking a beautiful
fleld goal from the 35 yard line. ‘The strong
West Virginia University eleven will be met
here on Beaver Field to-morrow afternoon
Pennsylvania day here at State Colleve, and
it is very likely that Governor-elect Stuart,
Lieutenant-Governor-elect Murphy and many
other prominent men will watch the game.

WeEat Point, N. Y., Nov. 22.—In the prac-
tice this afternoon the varsity did very
poorly compared with their fine work all
week. By fine plays the scrubs made twice
as much distance as the first team, and once
held the varsity for downs on their 10 yard
mark. After Johnson's failure at a drop
kick, after the scrubs had carried the ball by
staright football from mid fleld to the var-
sity’s 25 yard mark, Beaver went in and
kicked a drop from the 35 yard stripe for the
second team. The makeup of the team for
the Navy game is practically settled, with the
possible exception of quarterback. For this
place it is a hard fight between Mountford
and R. D. Johnston. The former excels in
handling punts, and running through a broken

field ia a ground gainer. Johnston, however,
is a goo eneral and runs the team faster
There has been no secret practice here yet.

The signals for the Navy game may be prac-
tised secretly next week, however.

AMHERST, Maas., Nov. 22.—Coach Hutch-
inson sprung a surprise last Monday when
he tried Hubbard at quarterback. Hubbard
will probably play quarter in the Swarthmore
game on Saturday and Frank will take his
place behind the line. Aside from this the
eleven will remain aa in the Williams game
Practice will be held on Franklin Field on
Friday morning. In the work this week
the greatest attention has been siven to
defence and a slight improvement has bhe-
come noticeable. The acrubs will all be
taken on the Swarthmore trip and the break
training order will begin by a theatre party
in Philadelphia on Saturday evening

Coach Bull

2

Easton, Nov. 22 is appre-
some reputation, and is coaching the
fayette players with a view of meeting them
The teams meet here on Saturday and it will
he the eat game of the season on March
Field. fhe games with Pennsylvania and
Syracuse used the Lafayette men up pretty
well, but as MeAvoy, Logan and art, who
were not able to play against Syracuse, thus
greatly weakening the eleven, will be in their
reapective positions, the prospects are con.
sidered very good, At the practice yester-
day and to-day some new plays were per-
fected to the satisfaction of Coach Bull. The
players are showing more enthusiasm = in
their work than for two weeks past

To keep the men in trim and not run the
risk of injury, Coach Bull ia having the ‘var-
sity and scrubs play association football
Signal practice tsalao had. To-morrdw night
the students will hold a amoker and listen
to speeches calculated to enthuse the players.
The sale of seats for the game is unpre-
cedented. Lehigh sends word that its special
train will bring down 1,500 people. e

Lewisnrers, Pa., Nov. 22. Bie preparations
are being made here for the Bucknell-Gettys-
| burg game to be Na ved on Saturday. This
| contest, which is Bucknell’s home game, will

be the greaiest game seen here for about
; three years. Not for several years has
Bucknell been in auch good shape as she is
in this fall, and her rival is even in better
| condition, Gettysburg thus far has put up

a star game, She held Pennsylvania down
'to 6 8, and Pennsylvania State 0 0. Only
| once this fall has she been defeated. While

Bueknell cannot boast so large a string of
| vietories, she can point ont excellent results

She it was who first scored on Princeton this
‘ vear Navy was held down to 6--0, and
Cornell had to hustle some. Especial practice
ix being given this week for the came In-
atead of the flerce seriminaces with the
serubs, which tend to break the men up,
there is more inside work Coach Hoskins
is giving blackbeard demonstrations each
night, and the men are working ot experi-
mental plays on the gridiron each day

This week's contest will about wind up the
season here, unless a wame ia scheduled for
Phanksgiving in the very near future

OO

 

» PHILADELPHIA, Nov, 22.) Pennayivania’s
varsity team had its last serimmace of the
season to-day. with the exception of the work
they will get against Villanova and Cornell,

| and in 45 minutes actual play the varsity

| acored three touchdowns to a safety hy

Cireene that wave the serubsa their only « ‘ore
| Greene made two of the first team's touch-
| downs and Draver added the third
of the Red and Blue eleven was a revelation at

times, though they made several errors, one
of which permitted Turner, the scrub centre,

  

to get through and block Capt. Greene's punt,

which Greene recovered for a safety. Then,

  

  

—

r. Paul J. Dashiell here are |

hensive of trick plays, for which Lehigh pas |
a- |

rhe work |

ave
eat thing about the
conor of the firat
eleven. These men al the scrimmage,
and as tong as they were kept at the work
played with all the on ons ginger that
characterized them against Michigan. Then,
too, the team work was excellent, and asin the
case of Draper's touchdow . stood forth bril-
' liantly,for Draper was tackled on the 20 yard
line by the scrubs, but bis team mates pulled
and dragacd him over the goal for the score.
; That ended the work. wrence was as cool
as the proverbial oucumber in running the
seems, and his handling of the ball was very
clean.

Wo
times in a bi

vn
work Was the splen:

7

WASHINGTON, Noy. 22.—'Phere was excite-
ment at the White House this afternoon, but
it was not of the political kind, The occasion
for it was a football game, played within
the shadow of the executive mansion. The
contestants were a team from Gonzaga Col-
lege and Archie Roosevelt and ten of his young
friends from the friends select school. The
green lawn which has heretofore been dili-
gently grown and fostered by expert garden-
ers was trampled and torn by the young foot-
ballists until it looked like a pasture. Tem-
porary goal posts were put up for the occa-
sion and the field carefully measured off and
marked. The game ended by the score of
15 to 0 in favor of the Gonzaga lads. Archie
Roosevelt was in evidence Ppoerhout the
game, his plucky tackling a earless rush-
ing winning him paeny admirers, Young
Roosevelt was captain of his team and played
right tackle. onzaga’s victory .was due
mostly to better formations and trick plays.
The feature of the game was a run of forty
yards for a touchdown on a fake kick by

ullback Healey of Gonzaga.

 

Feotball Notes.

At Willlamsbridge yesterday Cutler Schoo) de-
feated De La Salle lastitute by a score of 6 to 0.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.- The Georgetown Prep.
School football team defeated St. Joseph's College
of Philadelphia here to-day 12 to 6.

Ossintna, N. Y., Nov. 22.-—-Holbrooks School
finished its season to-day tn wh! it has scored
is. potats to 6 by opponents by defeating Mohegan,

0 0,

WIutAMstown, Mass, Nov, 22,.--Willlam W.
Elder, ‘08, of Brooklyn, N. Y., who has played left
end on the Williams football team for the past
three seasons, was elected captain for next year
this afternoon.

 

BILLIARDS,

 

Cutler and Gallagher Victors in Game of
18:2 Balkline Tournament.

Gray Tom Gallagher of New York and
young Charles Peterson of St. Louis tapped
ivories in competition last night in the seventh
game of the 18:2 balk line professional tourna-
ment in the New York Theatre Concer. tall.
Gray Tom beac young Charles by a score of
400 to 200. Gallagher grappled with the
globes more effectively than Peterson in the
first quarter and led at the end of the tenth
inning by a score of 271 to 83. The veteran
made runs in succession of 23, 14, 28, 35 and
118, and the score war 246 to 83 in his favor.
He played consistently in wide position work
and cushion caroma, and in the course of the
big run got out of diffculties often by clever
execution. The eighty-seventh shot of the
run was a scratch, and the final shot was a
mise with the balls shaped up for nursing in
the centre sec.ion.

Peterson was speely His
| progress was halted twice by misses of direct
| draws. His method was good but his form

poor, Now and then he counted skilfully and
rapidly along the upper rail, his favorite seat

of operations. Gallagher was a long time in
annexing the laat half of his third hundred.

but erratic.

It was acattering billiarda at that period for
both. Peterson could not take advantage of
Gallagher's relapse, and at the end of the
nineteenth inning the score was: Gallagher,
322; Peterson, 187.

Gallagher braced up again after he went
into his fourth string and topped off his second
spurt with a carefully compiled assortment
of5i. Thescore:

Gallagher. 20, 5, 0, 3, , 23, 14, 28, 35, 118, 25, 0, 2,
15, 6, 23, 14, 13, 51. ‘otal, 400. Average,
High runs, 118, 51, 35.

6, O, 42, 1, 18, 2, 1, 36, O 1, 23, 38, 1. 3, 3,
Total, 200. Average, 9 2 22.

{
|
12.3% 6
18 4 22.
Peterson
33. 13, &% 1, 3 7% 4.
High runs, 42, 33, 25.
Albert Cutler of Boston made another
good average yesterday afternoon. He
stacked up against Frank Hoppe, Jr., and che
latter met with hia third straight defeac.
fhe game was easy for Cutler, who so far
has shown the most consistent form of any
of the players. He made a rum of 57 in hia
third inning, and thrée innings later did
such clever balk line manipulation that he
stroked the willing globes for an even hundred
points. Hoppe opened well, making three
double figure rune in his first four innings.
Then he cracked four successive goose eggs,

| and trailed far in the rear to the finish. The
| score
Cutler—%, 2, 57, 8, 29, 100, 2, 1,0, @, 1%, 23, 11, 17,

Average, 20, High

18, 37, 2
High

43, 0, 19, 0, 0, 21. Total, ».
runs, 100, 57, 40
Hoppe—2s, 14, 2.3, 7, 0, 0, 0, 0, 14, 12, 2.
0, 23, 18, & Total, 188. Average. 0 12 19.
| runs, 37, 28, 23.
MclLaugblin and Hoppe play this afternoon
and Cline and Gallagher to-night.

 

GOLF.

Monkeyshines at Englewoot— Armstrong
Has a Long Match.

There was something new in the tourna-
ment line yesterday at the Englewood Golf
Club, This was a competition arranged by
the associate members that they called a
“monkey = tournament.” The = eonditions
brought out as much fun as a whole ship-
load of monkeys -hence the title. It was
between teams of five, each team to use
but one ball. The respective captains drove
off with brasseys. The second players used
midirons, the third mashies, the fourth, no
matter what the lie was, had to use niblicks,
while the fifth players used putters. Then
they started the sequence over again and kept
| it up tnroughont, on a couple of the tees the
luek forcing the players to drive off with
niblicks while some of the potting was with
brassevs

Mrs. I.. A. Callan’s team won. There was
a luncheon afterward in the clubhouse which
was as folly aa the tournament. Besides
Mrs. Callan, the players included Mrs. kK. F
Sanford, Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs. Hrooks,
Mra. radiey, Mrs. 8. F. Lefferts, Mias Cun-
ningham, Miss Galloway and Mias M. Barber

 

|

The Fastern Professional Golfers’ Associa-
tion will give a dinner on Monday evening,
December 31, to usher inthe New Year. The
cammittee in charge consists of George Low,
Raltusrol Golf Club: Stewart Gardner, Gar-
den City Golf Club, and George Strath, Cres-
cent A.C,

In the competition at Fox Hills for the
Charles 8S. Mackenzie cup in the semi-final,
a competition of extraordinary length took
| place between De, Allen T. Haight and G. Kh
| Armatrong. At the end of the righteen holes
| the scores stood alleven, Ae Dr. Haight had
| to give Armstrong a handiewy>: of six, instead
| of Dlaying an extra eighteen it was mutually
agreed that Dr. Haight should give Arm-

strong one bisque and play the firat three

holes in lieu of a atroke on the firat and second,
which Armstrong would have been entitled
to by his handicap

i
| After playing these three holes the match
| still atood all even. Tt was then decided
| to play eigheen holes more on a@ subsequent
date At the end of that match, matters
| atill stood all even, and it was only after play-
ing sixteen additional holes that Armstrong
| won out by 4 up and 2 to go. _ Fifty-five
holes were plaved in all. In the final, which
was played bet ween Armstrona and Meecham,
the former won the cup by 7 up and 6 to go
inathirty-six hole competition,

 

Bennings Enirics for To-day.

First Race Highweight handieap; aix furlongs
Pretension A. Lord Roanerges 107
}
}

Dolly Spanker 128 Rose of Dawn, 104
Pater... ‘ 1148 Ala Ruseell.... *
Kelle Strome., 115' Peter Knight ‘4
Zlenap 192) Lintless,.....+ ooo OS
Oraculum 112, Lucy Marte . 00
Jupiter 110)’ Laura A 58
Second Race--One mile
Lord of the Vale 115 Homelander.... 110
Cecderstrome 115 Midas... a die
Red Knight 115;Snowball. . 107
Agile 118 Kiamesha It 107
| Ploneer 112 Hera. 107
Dekaber 112) Dieboid ®
Broadway Girt 112) Ted to
| Bohemia 112\Sally K, a7
\ Third Race One mile and forty yards
| Lord of the Vale 107 | Solan Shingle 104
| New York 107 Onatas 104
| Toscan 107| Dolly Spanker 104
| Plonecr 104 Luretta 104
| Fourth Race One mile and seventy yards
| L. J. Hayman 115;G. 1, M "1
) Cressina 116 Saylor 108
| ritth Race Handicap, for two year olds; six
| furlongs
| Yorkist 120 Crafty 105
Landsmar 115 Umbrella os
\delinette 114. My Son. os
Lee Harrison Il 110’ WH Do,,... »
Camby ses ivy) Bright Boy... wt
Lady Vincent 105 Rettle Landon. . 92
Sixth Race -Selling; seven furlongs
Scarfetl 110 Snowpail Lo
} Detent Ww? Chilfonte s a7
| Gentian 107 Britianby. 9.
Nonsense 107 Cambyees. . 92
| kehodale.... 1 Tanager, . no
| Anagrew Mack 1M) Killoehan ay
| Ladsarion 102| Betay Kinfo: 4 m4
Akbar... 102) Wabash Quien a
Ocean Spray., af Nioless, . reonnee 7
ducge White. ww
4 :
sh adn Be I ah AA oo
4 aa] sabi bx! firs

5 dot y aa
ah

   

     

OORT

 

.

RATHER ROYAL
SPANKER

AND DOLLY
BEAT HIM.

Beauclere, a Two-Year-Oid, Takes the
Handicap at a Mile and a Quarter
—Sandy Creeker, Sandalwood and Lee
Harrison Ii. Also Score at Bennings.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.--G. lL. Richards's
Ndw York ran in two races at Bennings to-
day and finished second in each instance at
long odds. With 25 to 1 about him, he was
beaten a head by Rather Royal, also a 25 to 1
shot, in the third event, for platers, at seven
furlongs. He weakened at the critical mo-
ment and Rather Royal nailed him inethe last
few jumps. Scearfell, 13 to 10 favorite, who
made most of the pace, was third, a head
back. With 50 to 1 quoted against him New
York went to the post again in the fifth event,
ata mile, This was only a gallop for R. T.
Wilson's, Jr.'s, Dolly Spanker, 7 to 10 favorite,
who breezed home in 1:42 2-5, the fastest
mile of the meeting. New York finished with
much gameness and was two lengths behind
Spanker, beating Avaunteer, 10 to 1, by a
length. Watergrass, backed down, to 2,
stopped in the homestretch.

The two-year-old Beauclere, 11 to 10 second
choice,, won the handicap for all ages, at a
mile and a quarter. He ran over Bulwark,
20 to 1, in the middle of the stretch and beat
him by half a length in a hard drive, the time
being 2:12 2-5. Angler, backed down to
even money, ran a race, the despised
Caronal, 50 to 1, having no trouble in taking
third money from him by nelt a dezen lengths.

Sandy Creeker, neglected at 15 to 1, capt-
ured the opening event, for maiden two-year-
olds, seven furlongs, by a head from Ra -
hannock, 6 to 4 favorite. John FE. Madden's
Old Colony, a 40 to 1 shot, was third. James
RK. Keene's Cadochan, backed down to 4, led
at the head of the stretch, but tired. The
time was 1:22.

Sandal wood, 4to 5 favorite, had the steeple-
chase handitap, at about two and a half miles,
athismercy. He was well ridden and galloped
home four lengths before Frank mers,
5 tol second choice. Caloorahatchee, a 25 to 1
shot, wasthird. Thetime was 5:11.

Senator McCarren's Lee Harrison II., 9 to 5
second choice, took the fourth race, for two-
year-olds, six furlongs, in a drive. Miler
rode him, and he had half a length over
Belvast, 6 to 5 favorite, at the end. The latter
received a weak ride from Notter. Botanist,
4 to 1, was 4 poor third. The time was 1:16,
Four favorites lost. The summaries:

 

FIRST BRACE.

For maiden two-year-olds; $400 added; seven
furlongs:

Horse and Age. Wt Jockey. Betting. Fin.
Sandy Creeker, 2... .108. Schilling... 15 41 Ih
Rappahannock, 2. 106. Miller. 5 85 2
Old Colony, 2 106.. Dickson,... 40-1 15-1 3?
Cadoonan, 2 100. .Lee.. 4-1 85 4
Sophie Carter, 2.... .106..0' Brien 1 10-1 5
‘Tuckernuck, 2.......106..W. Doyle 10-1 41 6
June Time, 2.... 106... Bilac .. 12-1 b&-1 7
Pterrot, 2...... 106..R. Wilson... 15-1 6-1 8
Matwell, 2 106. . Horner 4-1 15-1 o
Sheridan, 2 1%. .J. Powers..100-1 90-1 10
Nettle Carita, 2 106." Dennison... 30-1 10-1 11
Village King, 2 10%. Magan 100-1 3-1 12
Dissent, 2... 106... Beck man 6-1 32113
Ballad, 2 106. SaeMeld 100-1 80-1 14
Rye Boy, 2. 196. .G. Burns...100-1 40-1 15
Knockirby, 2 106... Burns,..200-1 60-1 16
Light Comedy, = 19 Taylor 100-1 80-1 17
(race Cameron, 2...106..Notter 40-1 15-1 18
il ‘Tovar, 2.. 100. J. Johnson, 1 7-1 19

Time, 1:32

Good start; won driving; Sandy Crecker, ch. c.,
2, by Aloba—Turca; owned andirained by J. W.
Vangie.

SECOND RACE.

Handicap steeplechase; for four-year-olds and

upward; $500 added; about two and a half miles:

Horse and Age. We Jockey Betting. Fin.
Sandalwood, 4 141... Hejder 45 3-5 1°
Frank Somers, 5 145. . RoBan 5-1 7-5 2
Caloorahatchee, 5...130.. Bowser 25-1 =§-1 97°
Punctual, 8 147... Dupee »-1 a-1 4
Seventh Ward, 5....187..A.rlewltt.. M1 7-1 5
Kirklevington, 7 180.. Moon @1 22-3 °
Berry Waddell,5....116. P. Hogan... 7-1 2-1 *
My Grace, 5.. 136 Robinson... 1 7-1 *

*Fell. Nime, 5:11

Good start; won easily; Sandalwood, b. g., 4, by
Sandringiam--Branco; owned by the Seminole
Stable; trained by W. L. Oliver.

THIRD RACK.

Selling: for three year olds and upward; $400
added; seven furlongs:

Horse and Age. We. Jockey. Betting. Fin.
Rather Royal, 4 106..W. Burns... 25-1 10-1 Ib
| New York, aged.....108..J.J.Walsh.. 25-1 &1 2h
Searfell, 5... . 1% Miller 13-10 3-6 3°
King's Gem, 3.......101. Schilling. 35-1 10-1 4
riimnap, 3. ceeee 104, .d.Jonnson.. 26-1 10-1 6
Baby Willle, 3 6. Schiller 10-1 41 6
Winning Hand, 3.... 96.. Beckman... 30-1 10-1 7
Soctety Bud, 3... 10). .G, Burns 25-1 10-1 8
Rickey, 3... 10)..Horner.. &1 3-1 8
Anna Smith, 3 101..Notter.... Gi 23110
Arby Van, 4..... 1O1..Hagan.....100-1 30-1 11
Pes Grose sc sc0nces 100. .0’ Brien 10-1 3-1 12
TAndale, 4 +. 106, . Lee 1 113
Benevolent, 3 oo .Hilac... 61 214
Hocus Pocus, 3 101. . Coleman... 40-1 15-115
Cobmosa, 3 104. Dennison,, 40-1 17-116
Stolen Moments, 6..110. Creamer ®t 38-117
Snow King, 4 106. . Miles 10-1 30-1 18
‘Time, 1:30

Good start; won driving; Rather Royal, br. ¢., 4,
by Prince of Monaco. Crowned Queen; owned by
h. C, Nelson; trained by B. L. Marders.

FOURTH RACE,

Selling; for two year olds; #00 added; six fur

longs:

 

Hlorse and Age Wr, Jockey. Betting. Fin.
Lee Harrison Il, 2.. 97. Miller 5 -& 1%
Belcast, 2... 100. Notter 7-5 1-2 21¢
Botanist, 2.... 97. Bilac. 4-1 7-5 38
Blue Dale, 2.. 97..J. Johbnson,.. 50-1 12+ 4
Nellte Racine, 2 M1. Chandler... 301 8&1 5
Turbulence, 2. 103..W.Doyle...100-1 3-1 6
Mexican Stiver, 2 97 ee 100-1 30-1 7
Reside, 2... .. 100, Sebilling... 3&1 81 8
Cooney K.., oO. Wrady 100-1 30-1 9
Black Flag, 2 92 .J.Powers... 30-1 &110
Autumn Flower, 2... 86..G. Burns. 1 A-1 11
Kankakee, 2... #6. Yorke. 100-1 90-1 12
My Son, 2...  Sehiller, 40-1 12-1 13

Time, 1:16.

Poor start: won driving: Lee Harrison L!., ch.
2. by Ben Strome. Janet Grey; owned by P.
McCarren; trained by John Lowe.

FIFTH RACE.

fe.

For three year olds and upward; $400 added;
one mile

Horse and Age. Wt. Jockey. Retting. Fin.
Dolly Spanker, 5....104.. Noteer 7-10 out 1?
New York, 7....+ 107.3. d. Walsh 50-1 10-1 2!
Avaunteer, 4 . 107, . Lee 10-1 = &-2 gh
Watererass, 3 97. Horner... 2-1 1-3 4
Pleasant Days, 3 190. Sebiiling... 60-2 M1 5
Poquessing, 3.. 97.. Miller. 81 2-1 6

Time, 1:42 1-5.

Good start; won easily; Dolly Spanker, br. g., 5,
by Kingston Lady Gay; owned by R. T. Wilson, Jr. :
trained by T. J. Healey.

SIXTH RACK.

Handicap for all ages; $500 added; one mile and

a quarter:

llorse and Age. Wr, Jockey. Betting. Fin.
Beauclere, 2... 8&7 .Notter - 11-10 2-5 1%
Rulwark, 4 80. Hilac 20-1 +31 3
Caronal, 6 s4.. Yorke . 6-1 81 He
Angier, 4 »s 120. . Miller. even 1-4 4
Nellie Burn, 3....... 90 .G. Burns... 308 4-1 5

Time, 2:12 2-6.
Good start; won driving: Beauclere, b. g.. 2, by
Salvator- Phida; owned and trained by Max Hirsch.

 

HOCKEY.

Schedule of Twelve Games Arranged for
Amateur League Championship.

With all the Amateur Hockey League
games for the season acheduled to be played
in the St. Nicholas rink, the enthusiasts are
looking forward to a season of more than
average interest. Infact, reservations have
already been Placed by the fans for their
seata for the entire series. The schedule does
not start until after the holidays, the opening
game on Tuesday, January &, 1907, being some
three weeks later than last season. Likewise
the season closes nearly two weeks earlier
giving a six weeks achedule for this year

The League is made up of the four teams
that finished last season, the Crescent Athletic
Club, the New York Athletic Club, the St.
Nicholas Hockey Club and the Hockey Club
of New York. Kach team will play each of
the other teams two games, making twelve
games in all. The nights set aside by the
rink for these games will be Tuesdays and
Thursdays. The schedule

January. 4, Tuesday, Crescent A, C, vs, Hockey
Cub; 10, Thursday, N.Y. A, C. vs. St. Nicholas
H. C.; 15, Tuesday, St. Nicholas H, C. vs. Hockey
Club; 17, Thursday, N.Y. A. ©. vs, Crescent A. C
22, Tuesday, Hockey Club vs. N. ¥. A. C.; 24, Thurs
day, Crescent A. ©. vs, St. Nicholas H. C,; :0, ‘ues
day, St, Nicohlas H.C, vs. N. 4, A ¢ 31, Vhursday,
Hockey Club vs. Crescent A,

February—5, Tuestay, Hockey Club. vs.
Nicholas H. C.; 7. Thursday, Crescent A. C.
N. ¥. A. C.:_ 14, ‘Thursday, St. Nicholas H. ©.
Crescent A. C.; 19, ‘luestay, N.Y
Club

With this situation the possibility of a tie,

 

   

St
vs.
vs
\.C. va, Hocke,

| as last year, is looked forward to by the fana

i NE ella ll alli yan ond sa "i

with more enthusiasm than before, asit means
that it will be played off at the St, Nicholas
tink, where seating arrangements can be
had, as against the flaseo of last vear at the
Brooklyn rink

With the fixing of the dates for the Amateur
League the intercollegiate schedule is now in
course of Preparation, following which will
come the interscholastic schedule. The firet
hockey game of the season will be on Decem-
her 20, when the St
City, Ts 3,
Mass

 

Plays the St. Marks of Southboro,

 

Riotous Auto Sirtkher Pleads diullty.
George Duell, one of the striking auto-

Paul's School of Garden ,

mobile drivers, pleaded guilty in General |

Sessions yeste ‘day to assault in the second
degree. *He waited until the prosecution
had put in ite case before he admitted his
guilt.

Judge (Sullivan postponed sentencing
Duell until after the trial of John R. O'Brien,
another driver, who is accused of having
aided Duell in assaulting William Jones.

‘ ial
6 oF fecha vk

ae io ae

op

pein J Big Nin shes Cae a

ye

Tennis Association Says They Are Amateurs
—Players Ranked.

The executive committee of the United
States Lawn Tennis Association, through
Frederick G. Anderson of the Kings County
L. T. C., yesterday gave out the results of
@ meoting that w held on Wednesday
evening at the Waldorf-Astoria. The com-
mittee gave a short time to the considera-
tion of charges that have been made against
Beals C. Wright of Boston, the former ama-
teur champion, and Wylie C. Grant of New
York, the national indoor champion.

The committee apparently did not take
much stock in the charges, and after a brief
consideration of them announced that it
still considered both these men amateurs.
The resolution of the committee on that point
Was as follows

“The attention of the executive committee
of the U. 8. N. L. T. A. having been called
to numerous newspaper artictes reflecting
upon the amateur standing of Beals ©. Wright
and of Wylie ©. Grant, the committee holds
them to be strictly amateurs in good standing,
And hee never considered them in any other

‘Those who were present_at the meeting
were: Dr. James Dwight, Robert D, Wrenn,
Palmer E. Presbrey, William J. Clothier,
Holcombe Ward, Raymond D. Little, A. L.
Hoskins and Frederick George Ande reon.
‘The Coronado Country Club of Coronado
Beach, Cal., was elected to membership in
the association. D. F. Davis, Kreigh Collins
and L, D. Scott were absent.

R. H. Carleton, Creavent A. C., on behelf
of the ranking committee, composed of A. L
Hoskins, R. H. Milea and himeelf, presented
the rankings for the laat.year. They were
accepted by the executive committee and
were given out as follows:

BINOLES.
Class 1—Owe 26 of 15—1, W. J, Clotnhler; 2, W. A.

Larned; 3, B.C, Wright; 4, F. B. Alexander; 5, K. H.
Bohr, Jr.
Class? Scraich—6, BR. D. Littie: 7, H. H. Hackett.

Class 3—Receive 2-4 of 15-5, Anderson;
9. EAD, Dewhurst; 10, I. C. Wright, 11, R. Le Roy.

Class 4—Recetve 36 of 15—12, F. C, Colston; 15,
T. HR, Pell; 14, K, Collins; 15, N. Emerson,

Class 5—Receive 46 of 15-16, F. J. Sulloway;
17, J. D. EB. Jones; 18, R. C. Seaver; 19, H. Mollen-
hauer; 20, N. W. Niles; 71, W. J. Johnson; 22, L. H,
Waldner; 28, C. F, Watson, Jr. ‘

Class 6— Receive 15-24, ©, M. Bull, Jr,; 25, RG.
Hunt; 2%, Heath Byford; 27, A. Stillman, Jr.; 28,
O. H, Hinek: 29, W. C. Grant.

Class 7—Receive 1.3 of 30-30, H. J. Holt; 31, C. C.
Kelley; 32, W. B. Cragin, Jr.; 33, R. N. Dana; 34
J. O, Ames,

Class & Tee 14 of 30 and 2 bisques-35, P. B.
Hawk: 36, E. T. Gross; 37, R, Bishop; 38, T. A. Pym
ton; 39, J. D. Lovering; 40, H. B. Register; 41, C.
poyte: 42, H. F. Simmons; 43, 2D. J, Dabney; 44,
E. V. Page.

Richard Stevens, Hf. 1. Westfall and Ross
Burchardare not ranked, owing to insufficient

data.
DOUBLES,

Class 1—Owe % of 15—1, H. Ward and B.C. Wright.

Class 2--Scratch -2, F. B. Alexander and H. H.
Hackett; 5, W. J. Clothier and W. A. Larned.

Class 3—Receive '4 of 15 4, G. L. Wrenn,
and Rex Fincke; 5, FE. #. Dewhurst and C. F. Wa
Jr: 6. L. H. Waldner and N. 'merson; 7, H.
rance, Jr., and T. R, Pell,

Class 4—- Receive 15- 5, R. G. Huntand W. Burton,
9. F. G. Anderson and J, D. EF. Jones; 10, R. N, Dana
and i, T. Gross,

More players were ranked this year than
last, thirty-eight being the number in singles
last season. There was some surprise that
Beales ©. Wright, who competed only twice
on this side this season in big tournaments,
had been ranked so high up, but it was given
ont to be understood that it was to insure the
idea geining ground that the committee had
vindicated him. Karl H. Behr, Jr.. whose
Play was the sensation of last season, therefore
was crowded back to fifth place.

Jr.,

 
  

 

MOTOR BOAT MEN MEET.

 

Edward J. Schroeder Elected Commodore
—Dixle to Compete Abroad.

The members of the Motor Boat Club of
America attended the annual meeting held at
the Hotel Manhattan on Wednesday evening.
After the routine business had been disposed
of the following officers were elected by a
unanimous vote: Commodore, Edward J,
Schroeder; vice-commodore, Joseph H.
Hoadley; rear commodore, Seymour Oppen-
heimer, M. D.; secretury, Hugh S. Gambel,
treasurer, Charles Francis; members of
board of governors, class of 1999, John D.
Roach and Touis Newman, M.D.; class of
1908, E. A. Stevens, Jr., and Charles Boucher:
class of 1907, to fill vacancy, Frank D. Gheen.
The commodore made a short address, in
which he made known the fact that the Dixie
would represent the club at the Lake Worth
regatta this winter, and that he also intended
sending her abroad endeavoring to secure the
Harmsworth trophy, now held by England.

The club has about ninety members and at
the meeting nine life memberships were taken
out. The dues were reduced from $50 to $35
and the initiation fee suspended for an in-
definite period. In all probability these
reductions will only be in vogue until the
club secures its permanent quarters, which
will be on the Husdon River, the exact. loca-
tion for the present being withheld, but it
has been stated authorititively that the loca-
tion is one easily accessible to members own-
ing automobiles. The matter of the club-
house is one which will receive the immediate
attention of the new board o! governors
when they meet to organize. li is expected
that the house will be ready for occupancy
at or shortly after the opening of the season
of 1907. ‘There was an informal talk in rela-
tion to racing rules, and it seemed to be the
general opinion that radical changes were
necessary for the benefit of the sport. An
effort is now being made by a committee of
the Jamestown international motor boat
carnival committee to this end, and if that
committee decides on changes meeting the
necessary requirements of a better rule the
= will in all probability be asked to adopt
them.

The annual dinner of the club is to be held
at the Hotel Astor to-morrow evening. Covers
will be laid for 159. The winners of the various
events held during the race week of the club
will be guests of the club, as well as a number
of prominent naval officers and gentlemen

rominent in yachting circles. Among
those who will be present and will make ad-
dresses are the following: Rear Admiral

doseph B. Coghlan, U.S. N.; Lewis Nixon, the
Hon. T. 8. Southgate of Virginia, Commodore
Edward J. Schroeder and Vice-Commodore
Joseph H. Hoadley.

 

CROKER’S TURF WINNINGS,

Former Tammany (Chief Heads List of
Owners in Ireland With #20,136.

Richard Croker heads the lis, of winning
owners in Ireland, according to the turf
calendar to hand from the Green Isle, Asa
result of 28 races he has a total of $20,136
Until a couple of months ago Croker’a horses
were trained at the Curragh of Kildare, but
they hove been removed to his place at Sandy -
ford, nea: Dublin, and have been affected
for the worse by the change. Next on the
list to the former Tammany chief is James
Daly, one of the most consistent followers
of racing in the ould dart, with a total of
$11,402. Most of this was won by the two-
year-old Lalla Rookh, one of the heat fillies
seen in Treland in a long time, and she also
heads the list of winning horses. Daly also
owns Hackler, the stallion who heads the list of
winning sires and is the father of Hackler's
Pride, who won some big races in England
P.O. I. Butler, who has had several victories
in England, heads the gentieman jockey
lit with 31 firses, 32 seconds and 25 thirds
Thompson heads the list of professional
riders. On the winning owners’ list are
Major Eustace Loder, owner of Spearmint,
winner of this year’s Derby and Paris (:rand
Prix. His figures in Ireland were $2,640, while
pe was second to Lord Derby in England.
‘ol. Hall Walker's total fs $3,748 for Ireland
and he figures in third place on the English
int

TWO FALLS

 

FOR W. C. HAYES,

.
Clarence H. Robbins Also Comes to Grict
in Sti? Meadow Brook Hunt.

HEMPSTEAD, N. Y., Nov. 22. -There was an
Unusually fine exhibition of timber topping
in the nine mile drag hunt over the north
country of Nassau county held by the
Meadow Brook Hunt to-day. The meet was
from the Jericho tollgate, and the firet portion
of the line was slippery, muddy and stiff and
several of the riders came down heavy crop-
pers

William ©. Hayes fell while en leavoring

to negotiate a double fenge two miles from
Syosset. He pluckily remounted and rode
on to @ point within a mile of the finish, where
the hunter took off again too quickly and
rider and horse rolled over on the gronmnad
together. Though covered with mud, tae
well known amateur rider was unhurt
Clarence H. Robbing of the Great Newk
Club was following closely behind and also
came a cropper He held riniy to his reins,
however, and managed to quickly remount
and rode to the finish, where he was well up
with the hunstmen bk. Caffeye aod Mra. F,
W. Swift and Mrs. Thomas Vierce of Roaston

After Mrs. Swift had passed overthe Inet
fence she rode beneath a tree and misiudged
the height of the limbs. Mra. Swift received
euch a severe blow onthe fave that she wae
eut and bruised bur not knocked from the
eaddie. A good sized field was ont to see
the aport and many came from various aec-
tions of the island in their automobiles to the
@tarting point

 

   

 

|

a —

]

J

: AUTOMOBILES.

Three years ago there were ONLY TWO “FIAT”

Automobiles in this country.

To-day it is the most popular foreign car in America.
This remarkable showing has been made possibie by
its wondertully consistent record in all speed and endurance
contests; its unusual mechanical excellence, combined with

absolute reliability.

“FIAT” Cars are built for those who want the best.
for immediate delivery.

Notice—The HOL-TAN CO. having secured all the
“FIAT” patent rights in the United States and Canada will
rigorously prosecute any and all infringements.

= HOL-TAN@

Broadway and 56th Street.

Licensed Importers Under Selden Patent
AGENCIES: HARRY FOSDICK CO., BOSTON. DALLEY & BARROWS, PHILADELPHI\

We will exhibit only at the Seventh Annual Automobile Show at Madison

A few cars now ready

SOLE AMERICAN AGENTS.

Square Garden, January 12th to 19th.

 

  

 

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS.

GRAND PRIX TO BE RUN UNDER
NEW CONDITIONS.

 

 

Only Regolation for Big French Race Will
Be Limited Fuel Supply —Welght Limit
Abolished and Tire Contest, Included
—Motor Fiexiblitty Desired— Gossip.

The 1997 Grand Prix of the Automobile
Club of France will have as its only regulation
a limited fuel supply, and will be organized
by an outside contractor, who will have
complete charge of the other details, says
the Paris correspondent of the Automobile
In making this decision the Automobile Club
of France has made a clean aweep of the
old and well-tried regulation of 1,000 kilos
weight limit, with 7 kos for magneto, and
has given constructors full liberty of action
The race, which will be held on one day, and
not two, as this year, will be over a total
distance of 8 kilometers (497 miles), whie)
must be covered with a gasolene allowance
of 240 liters (52.8 gallons). In its main fea-
tures it is a contest similar to the British
Tourist Trophy recently held on the Isle of
Man, with the important difference that,
while the English event was for touring ma-
chines with a minimum weight of chassis
and body, the French contest is intended
for racers pure and simple, free from all
weight restrictions. In the Isl@of Man one
gallon of gasolene was allowed for twenty-
five miles; in the French race the supply
is 2.6 gallons for the same distance, which
is practically the average consumption of
the Grand Prix racers.

As the new regulations were intended
to limit primarily the increase of horse-power
objection is being made in many quarters
to the generous fuel supply. Economy in
the use of fuel will, of course, be sought,
and doubtless obtained, and there is every
likelihood of manufacturers producting ma-
chines as powerful, if not more powerful
than those already existing. Instead of 3
liters per 100 kilomete>s (6.6 gallons per 62.1
miles), critica maintain that 25 liters (5.5
gallons) would have been sufficient. Ob-
viously the tanks will have to be carefully
sealed before the race to prevent fraud, but
we are not yet told how the gasolene will
be given out. In the Grand Prix very large
tanks were used in order to save time,
the Lorraine-Dietrich machines carrying 35
gellons. Fifty-two gallons would neces-
sitate an enormous tank, and would put
such a weight on the rear axle at the begin-
ning of the race as to destroy the balance
of the machine. If half the quantity is given
during the race, either the seals will have
to be broken and no further control will
be possible, or the machines will have to
enter a control station and have time allow-
ence for filling up and sealing tanks.

Atter such strong efforts in the past to abol-
ish controls, it will be regrettable to see them
once more revived, and this regret will be
shared by both competitors and the public.
So far asis at present known, work on the cars
will have to be done by driver and mechanic
only, as in the Grand Prix, and the use of dis-
mountable rims will be allowed. A tire com-
petition will be held in connection with the
race. Firms desiring to enter for this will
give notice eight days before the race, stating
the make of tires to be employed. Shoes and
inner tubes will then be stamped by the club
officiat, and a classification made on the low-
est tire consumption, allowance being made
for discarded tires, according to their con-
dition, A speed equal to nine-tenths that of
the winner in the principal events must be
maintained to qualify in the tire competition
Tire efficiency has always been difficult to
control, and critics do not hesitate to point
out the weaknesses of this match and to pre-
dict for it as little success as has attended vre-
vious tire competitions

M. Kene de Knyff, chairman of the sporting
commission, announces that the contractor
for next year’s race is M. Victor Brever, a
well known Parisian antoist and journalist,
known on both sides of the Atlantic, who will
take over the entire organization of the race
and free the club from all financial responsi-
bility, The delicate question of responsi-
bility in case of accident is at present being
discussed by the club and the contractor.
Permission to hold the race will be granted by
the Government to the Automobile Club of
France, and it alone would be held respon-
sible in case of any injuries to spectators,
The position of the contractor in such « case
must be clearly defined in advance to prevent
serious complications. In official circles the
action of the club in farming out its race is
heartily approved. Auto, a semi-ofticial
organ, heartily congratulates the sporting
commission on its decision, and describes the
arrangement as “elegent Klaew here there
is Jews enthusiasm, people asking with much
reason why, if a contractor can makea profit,
the club should be unable to hold the race, ex-
cept ata heavy loss

Nov. 22.—An automobile
an atitomobile railway
designated the “Glidden

 

CRICAGO,
verted” into
and official)
mobile Spee

con-
train,
Auto-

  

pulled out of the La Salle |

street station early to-day on the Rock bal- |

and road Charles J. Glidden of HBoston
who in his machine, “A 3822,” has already
travelled since 1808 a distance of 24,708 miles
through thirty-five countries in hia chase
for the world’s mileage record, was the “e-

aineer and fireman” of the “special He
intends of go over 5,308 miles of railroad
tracks in the southwest before arriving

January 1, at his destination, which is Mexico
City

“The time is past when the speed of a ear
is considered as the one great point to bring
out ina demonstration trip.” remarks a well
known automobile dealer Speed and hill
climbing ability were the great recnisites
a few vears ago Now almost every car ha
speed and hill climbing ability and the mub-
lie realizes that faet. The intending pur-
chaser is not blind to that eendition, but
what be now wants and demands ia flexibility
of the motor, He wants a motor that will
zo through the crowded city streets on the
sime gear that he drives on the countrys

roads, and not an eugine which demands a:

constant shifting of gear when
through congested theroughfares. The tens
deney throughout the entire industry has beer
toward this flexibility. There is really no
pleasure in driving in the city streets and
vaving to constantly change gears. Give a
man « moter with “ apeed of from five to
orty-five miles an hour on the ° Pat
and he is satisfied.” 7 ae om
Worcester, Nov. 21.—There was (u
the time at the annual banquet of the ea
ter Automobile (lub in the headquarters of
the club on Front street on Wednesday night.

  

travelling

eatettrentmeeene

~~ CHANCE OF A LIFETIME |

to SECURE BARGAINS such as We bave now

 

—

and

with QUALITY COMBINED

Ten

Cadtilacs,

$7) $48): Five Maxwells, §4s°

87h): Five Franklins, $350 9790, Four Rainiers anu
Clevelands, all

 

 

$1,450;

entrance

four

side ¢
homas

  

cylinder, §

25°: Panhards, $650, $1,200, $2,500; Rochet Schoet
der, $1,800; Darracg, 24 horse, $85), Ten Locomn
| Diles, all site entrances. If. to 45 barse, 8759 to
Packard,

$450 to $1,400, and abotit 200 more,

Al, $1.200 81,400; Seven Pope Tole

Si) $950,

  
 

Ja) tons,

     

 

M); Haynes, # hors
. $000; Peerless, side
ule

ntranee, $1,
(forty horse

 

usual opportunities at ANY price

Owners Want to sell to buy
LANDALLETS and

tions.

1907 cars. Lots of
LIMOUSINES. Demonstra

BROADWAY AUTOMOBILE EXCHANGE,

247-240 West 47th.

(Telephone 3007 Bryant

 

WINTER PRICES ON AUTOS

150 HIGH CLASS second band \utomobditics sent
to us for sale awalt sour inspection

Any Re

Tourt

We will GLADL)
Willis’s Antomobile Exchange.

 

ng Cars

sonable Offer will be accepted.

$275 to $7,000: Runabouts, 91% up,
DEMOBSTRATH. any car
231 West 5

 

Automobile Owners’ Supply Depot

Where supplies are RETAILED at WHOLESAL’

riees.

UNDREDS of dollars on your

\. visit

all and save jou
purchases

will ronvince

1655 Broadway, between Bist and S2d ete

TIMES SQUARE AUTO

Laregat Automobjle Dealers tn

ew and

 

 

 

 

cO.,

the World
Second-hand Automobiles.

215 W 48th, W B'’way. Phone 3423 Bryant. ~

Autos Wanted ; Spot Cash Read

BROADWAY

247-240 W

 

   

 

FIRE]

 

SPORTSMEN'S GOODS.

t 47th.

 

AUTOMUBILE canetioe,
(Telephon we7 Bryant)

sen manent

 

 

       

AAAAAAAN

SALE

Spalding
Athletic Goods

damaged in the tire of November 9, at prices from

40 to 60 per cent. below

the regular catalogue prices.

Down-Town Store Only.

A. G. SPALDING & BROS.

   

 

126-128 Nassau Street

HORSES AND CARRIAGES,

~~

 

——

Old Glory Sale

Will Open Nov. 26 at
Madison Sq. Garden

NINE DAVS AD DEVG
Racehorses, Trotters
Pacers, Stalitons, Brood-
mares and sensational
youngsters

 

(Catalogue gives fall particulars
Fasig Tipton Co., Madisop Square Garden

 

There

 

were

 

over

 

200) present We vas the

elub’s fifth annual affair of the kind and 1!

brought (o Worcester representative
automobile circles
over New England,
evening

numerc

by 1t
us

low
Pardee, who was ouly a volunteer

men in
from New York and a4

the fun was kept goine all
singing of parodies with
hits, written by Munson
Presiden!

he
at

John PV. Coughlin presided at the after dinne!
speaking.the prinvipal speaker of the even

being

Vanderbilt
A. A.A
better roada throughout
the next
progress
other speakers were Hiltott ¢

A. G
secret

few

cup

made

Batchelder, secretary of
commission and «a for.
Mr. Batchelder predicte
the «ountr wirl
n result. of the rar
the automobile 1
Lee of Bos

‘

ary

years
by

Louis R. Speare, president of the Bay state
Automoble Association Franet Hurrit
Jr.. legal representative of Boston autot
clubs: John ©. Kerrison and Jobn Fort TG
of Boston

The 1907 contest for the Herkoiner tour oe
trophy in Germany is to be run over a ro
of about 1,800 kilometres (1,118 miles: ?
ve stages The runs will be as fo

Jresden to Meiningen, 368 kilometres. M+

ington to Munich,
Lindan,

236 kilk
to Hon

smetres
mura,

5 kilometres, Mut
tlometres: Lindau fo MVM
exhibition at Munich MI

Ww kilometres

 

         
   

’

CONSTIPATION

On Arising ts,

«on

    
  
    
  

 

   

ee