30

Uc

Ie,

ue

 

 

 

VoL. LXVIIL—NO, 19,

HATCH & FOOTE RUINED

SPECULATIONS OF FOOTE,
MAD AND DYING.

His Losses at Least $200,000 and the Firm
Debts Ten Times That-They Say He Has
Heen Demented for a Year~ Carried His

Names—Lost

 

 

SECRET
\ow

by

Own Accovais tn Dommy
Heavily Last December—Was Ambitious to
Pay \a Fall Debis Scored Off Ai tir Che Pante
of 1864—Knowa Among Book Lovers,

Hateh & Foote, for more than thirty years

brokers in Wall Street.

yesterday, ruined, as the senior partner, Daniel |

 

B. Hatch, says by the secret spec ulations of
(baries B. Foote, the junior partner who hus

mad and dying of a paralytic stroke
The failure was announced on the New York

stock Exchange about noon, an assignment
having previously been made to Lawyer bk
Ellery Anderson, The deed was signed by Mr
Hateh only. The liabilities of the firm, it is
said. will not exceed $2,000,000, two-thirds being
fully secured

4t the firm's office, 3 Nassau street, shortly
af uneement on the Stock Exchange
Mr. Hatch said to the reporters

‘The failure was caused by the speculations
of Mr. Foote without my knowledge. The
speculitions were not discovered until Mr.
Foote had completely broken down in health
about Sept. 1. We take it for granted that he
crazy and out of his mind for six
months or more, f we cannot account for it
Personally he waa one of the nicest
His speculations have been

fter the ann

has heen

otherwise
men in the world
going on for a long time, pos ibly three or four
years. He conducted them through a dummy
count or an account standing in the name
He spectu-

a
of a regular customer of the firm

lated in several stocks. Sugar was a great
favorite of his. His losses amount to more than
$200,000

Mr. Foote and his family have been at Oceanic,
\.J., near Seabright. Mr. Hatch said that he
went down there shortly after Sept. 1 fo see
his partner, having heard that he was very ill

At first Mr. Foote had talked rationally enough |

with him, but soon wandered from the subject,
showing evidences of mental derangement
Since then he has taken to his bed and a few
davs ago he had a stroke of apoplexy. His
entire right side is paralyzed and Mr. Hatch
heard yesterday morning that the physician
attending him expected his death any mo-
ment, his case being hopeless, A friend of
Mr. Foote anid that since his mental derange-
ment became acute Mr. Foote had made abso-

lutely no reference to any matters of business
and for several days had been in @ eomatose
grate
have been softening of

the brain and the

une
the attendant worry were thought to have
hastened the progress of the disease which
had lately been rapid. His friends, in the
light of recent developmenta, are now inclined
to the opinion that he has been wrong mentally
for a year or eighteen months, although his
peculiarities failed to attract attention so
early He was in poor health, which was
ascribed to malaria and to various cauaes,
but it was not until after Aug. 1 that his physi-
cal condition began to alarm his friends and
relatives They prevailed upon him at last
to take a vacation trip to Canada. He went
to his summer home at Oceanic gn his return
Regarding Mr. Foote’s speculations, it was
learned yesterday from one of his friends,
with whom Mr, co on discovers
ing the state of affairs, that Foote conducted
them by means of two or three different dummy
aceounts, so called. The operation of suc
accounts is not unusual in Wall Street houses

whose partners want to speculate on their |

own aceount, but who do not wish their clerks
to know that they are doing so. Dummy ao-
counts under fictitious names or under such
titles as “A”, “B” and “C” are sometimes run
tor enstomers who do not wish their real names
to appear on the firm's books. Mr. Hatoh
was the floor, or Stock Exchange, member of
the firm and Mr. Foote was the office member
and had complete control of the books and office
machinery, lt was, therefore, comparatively
easy tor him to conduct the dummy accounts.
His chief losaas in the stock market, it is now
known, were made at the time of the panic
last December, when there was a big dump
in pnves

Assignee Anderson confirmed the statement
of Mr. Hateh that a great deal of money had
bean loat in speculation that the firm had no
knowledge of.

I have been informed,” said Mr. Anderson,
that the cross abilities will not exceed $2,000,-

“ Neariy two-thirds of the obligations ure
eoyred so that they will be paid in full. All
t twoor three of the open contracts of the

the Stock Exchange have been closed,
sult that a balance is due the firm
ation of the books and accounts
tw pleted as soon as possible, but I do
nk | will be in @ position to file any state-
“ five or six days at least. Perhaps
day after to-morrow | may be able to make

I r} ate myself
aid that he did not
Foote lived

 

Mr Anders
plate, whether Mr
inal proceedings

The transactions, under the rule on the New
York Stock Exchange, for account of Hatch
& fF , amounted to 2,500 shares They were
ail but 100 shares on the selling side, indicating
that the firm was long of stocks Here is a@

of the

contem-
or died, crim-

 

wle

transact
you St P
Railway preferred

jons
Galt ul, 809 Federal Steel, 290 Southern
20) Northern Pactie, 200 Brook

iyn Hapld ‘Transit, 100 Southern Pacific, 100 Sugar
Refining, 100 Tennessee Coaland lron, 100 Atchison,
New York Central, 109 Third Avenue.
bought 100 Rock Island
the Continental National Bank had had
Hatch & Foote’s account for twenty years,
Yhey have money on deposit now,” said

an officer of the bank, “and a loan that they
owe us is amply secured. Their account has
been always high class and their failure was
a perfect surprise to us.’

This same oMcer said hethought this firm had

ns with other Wall Street banks and trust
companies, but all amply secured by collateral
Mr. Hatch had a conference of about twenty
minutes in the afternoon with Vice-President
Seymour of the Continental Mr. Hatch
showed plainly the effects of the ordeal that
he has passed through in the past two weeks
His son, H. A. Hatch, who was employed as a
clerk in the firm, took the task of answering
inquiries off his father’s hands as tar as possi-
ble. The elder Hatch was asked if he thought
he would be able to resume business

“I don't know,” was his reply

 

There were many expressions of sympathy
in Wall Street Both partners had many
friends They started together as clerks in
the office of the old brokerage firm of Fisk
& Hateh, the Fisk of that firm being the late
Harwy Fisk, and the Hatch A. S. Hatch, who
iter formu d A. S Hateh & Co. and who was
not related to Mr. Hatch of Hatch & Foote The
st-named firm was organized about 1867 at

flyht

8 being

an outside brokerage concern
Mr. Foote

joined the Stock Exchange on May

 

800, and Mr. Hatch on Mav & of the same
vear. In the ‘70s the firm did a big business
n Government bonds later it switched
Yi railway sto ks and on May 14, 1884,
n the Grant & Ward panic, it failed with
abiliths of $4,497.915, of which $49,415 were
n red. Subsequently the firm made a
ett's nt at 50 cents on the dollar, of which

ts was cash and 25 cents in ‘n-tallmente
ne to five years It was said yester-

at while this was the official basis of
't nt more than 50 cents has «ince been
fn raid to the old ereditors. Mir
sti Exchange seat was sold on Dec,

the firm has not been especially
ah it was supposed to do a

«

 

 

ted to float reorganization plans
iN railroads, but with indifferent
understood to be concerned
in Wall Street
nal Paper Company in
of late

alee

 

the

it the
i int rate

* Stock Exchanae
nea lack of cunital
1, Sept 18- Charles B
1 da r
last night
ne is so In-

ne him

firm because
norder to Het
This was

live more than
4s PX pected all
one ond hia breat

t but those wate

  

 

onditior us been known
but to the speopla
} Bank Before he
} wo jis a
veneral commer
ing perfectly
ind traps

 

re riantis
and took

were

 

 

fore becor

| }
his her

Why So tlone

“ewe like hes

This Way:

prosperous cittes
when the train stops we
{hal is why we travel
Commercial Traveller.

Iravel
il scenery

 

  

rowing towns, a
¢ arrived newhere
ew Vork Centval.'’-

 

suspended payment |

{iis original affliction was believed to |

essful speculations he engaged in with |

the securities |

there has been some |

 

NEW YORK,

| He even sold the ponies of his younger children
| his idea appearing to be that he must economize

The Footes have had their summer home in
Oceante for a great meny_vears. It is on the
banks of the Shrewsbury River, adjoining the
home of the Rey. Dr. Thomas 8S. Hastings,
former President of the Union Theological
Seminary, Mrs. Foote is a daughter of Dr
Hastings. Just beyond Dr, Haatings’s place
are the summer homes of Cornelius N, Bliss and

 

 

M. (. D. Borden. They have all lived there

} many aummers. No fences separate their
properties, and the Red Bank people have

ij come to call it the Porden-Blies Park

| Dr. flastings sald to-day that Mr. Foote
had been mentally unsound since February
His family at that time became alarmed for
hie health. He was nervous, excitabe, and
evidently not himself. They all begwed him to

rest, but he insisted on remaining in harness
In April, when Dr. Hastings and hia family
moved down to Oceanic, it was plain that Mr
Foote was growing worse Nothing could pre-
+ Vall upon him to give up his business, even for

|
} leave business for a time and go away for a

} the time being. He kept hard at it until A
gust, when his family and friends saw that if

' he was to be saved fro 1 madhouse he st

' be forced to take a rest. Under strong pre
sure he consented to take a trip to Canadas
He was accompanied by a friend. In Canada

the ey mptome of insanity became so pronounced
that his friend decided to return with him at
once

The sick man got back to Oceanic in the latter

part of August, Ina few days he became in-
eoherent in his talk. ‘The: slow paralysis
seemed to becoming uponhin. Thephysicians
did not seem to be able to tell whether the
trouble was congestion of the brain, softening of
the brain or some other affection, Last Thurs-
day cume a stroke of apoplexy and he lost all
semblance of sanity and soon lost all conscious-
ness,
Whether Mr, Foote’s business cares brought
on the breakdown or whether his loss of mental
force led him into speculations Dr. Hastings
could not say.

“He was the soul of honor,” said the clergy-
man, “and it seems to me would have done
nothing while fn his right mind which was not
in keeping with the strictest integrity. I know
really nothing of his business affairs, except
that when the firm failed fn 1884 they made a
compromise with their creditora. After this
it was Mr. Foote's one ambition to pay up
dollar for dollar every obligation of his house.

 

jie did pay some of the creditors but he wanted
to pay them all.” Mr. Footeisin his sixty-third
year. He has been married twenty-five years
He has four. children His eldest son is a
student at Yale. He has one grown daughter
The other children are not yet grown.
The home at Oceanic, ia property of his wife
Atnong bibliophiles Mr. Foote Is very well

known. Heisa prominent member of the Gro-
lier Club of New York, having joined the club
in 1884, the year ofits formation. His specialty
has been the collecting of firat editions of
English and American authors. His library
became noted for the completeness of his
collection. He owned a full line
of the first editions of American authors, having
some of the very rarest, and also first editions
of English authors. Many of his possessions
were gems of the first water from the book
coilector’s point of view, He didn't attempt
an absolutely complete collection, but his selec-
tions were of the choicest, In 1804 his library
was sold in New York by Bangs & (o,, the auc-
tioneers, There were three distinct sales.
One was of American authors, another
of _ old Enalish, and the third of
modern English authors The sales pro.
duced a total of about $25,000, an exce lent
return upon the money that Mr Foote had
invested in his collection Since then, while
he has continued to be a prominent member
of the Grolier Club and has often been applied
{to as an authority upon certain lines of book
study, he has not attempted to make another
collection. He owns, however, still a few
choice books

WALDORF SUICIDE'S TRAGEDY.

Had Taken Another Man's Wife—Jndg-

 

ment for Alflenation Hanging Over Him.

Worry over loss of employment and over
want of money is believed to have caused the
suicide of John C. Hays at the Waldorf-Astoria
on Monday night. Hays lost his place as a
travelling salesman for J. H. Lane & Co.,, come
mission merchants of 110 Worth street, aix

| weeks ago, and there was A judgement for
$20,000 and $694 costs hanging over him. It Was
| awarded several months ago to Frederick C,
Hinkle as damages for the alienation of the af-
| fections of his wife, who is now Mrs, Hays

Hinkle isa salesman employed by a Greene

street «ilk firm. He obtained a divorce from
his wife last April, naming Hays as
respondent, and then sued Hays for $50,000, ob-

taining a verdict for $20,000. Hays
Mrs. Hinkle and went to New Jersey to avoid
the service of the papers. He had to return to
New York to earn his living ind was soon
arrested and locked up in Ludlow street jail
He remiined there until he was able to give a
bond that he would remain in the city. Hays
ot work, but did not ha tverviong J. i.
wane & Co, who employed hin last, di-charged
him, eaying that his work did | ot prove aat{--
factory. He couldn't get another place, and
{ that his wife might collect the $6,000 for whieh

coe

 

he was inaured, he shot hiner through the
| head
Hays left a letter addre aed to the Coroner

In it he askea that his wife micht suffer as little

      

| annoyance 4a possible in. conneotion with nis
suicide and that she should not be asked to at-
tend the inquest, He ust how he was go-
ing to shoot himself and wked that his body

might not be cut up and made the sport of

| sawbones.” Among other letters Hays left was

| one addressed to Hinkle

| Hays was 39 vears old He was a areduate of
West Point and for « time was a broker on Wall

street. His father, Gen William Hays, left hin
as«mail estate which was exhausted some time

| ugo

}

|

|

WOMEN CABRY THE ELECTION.

Weehawken to Have a $70,000 Schoolhonse
} Through Thetr ifforts.

When the women of Weehawken learned that
there was opposition to the building of a new
$70,000 schoolhouse in the t wnship they de-
cided to take a hand In a special election which

izing an appropriation for the building. Under
the New Jersey law, they have a right to take
part in elections pertaining to school matters.
That they were @ lactor In yesterday's election
was apparent at the polls. Not only did they
cast more than one-third of the total vote, but
the influence which they brought to bear on
husbands, sweethearts and friends brought out
many men who were hot interested in the elec-
tion and who would not have voted otherwise
Phe polls were open from 4 o'clock tov aut
of a total of 420 votes 165 were cast by women
Most of the women who, voted were betwee
the ages of 21 and 30 Phe election was «
ducted by a Citizens’ Committee, who place
at the disposal of the fair voters two automo-
biles, five stage coaches and a dozen other

vehicles
The majority of the women voters appeared
,

 

  

   

at the polls early Others, loss venturesome,
waited for their husbands to return froia work
in the metropolis that the men might escort

 
 

them to the pols corder William H Louche,
who was judge of election, is a gallant fellow
and it was not without muc h compunction that
he put to every female voter the necessary
question: “Are vou 21 years of fare?” —- Despite
oecassional incidents of embarrassment oc-
easioned by this query the election proceeded
without « hiteh, and Weehawken is to-day con-
gratulating herself upon the prom! ed Possession
ofa new schoolhouse and upon the publie spirit

 

 

and enterprise of her women citizens ‘The
i schoolhouse will be one of the finest In the
| State
}

HER REPUSAL COST TWO LIVES

Frederick B. Clark, Formeriy of New York,
Kills Himself and His Wife ta Chicago,

CHicaco, Sept, 18. Frederick B,

ie wife and himself at their home,

Clark shot

and killed !

  

 

5768 La Salle street, this morning. His act ts
7
| supposed to have been caused by his wife’
|
| refusal to sign over to him some New York
property he transferred to her
Clark was 55 and had been in Chicago ¢
six mouths, coming here from New York, tu
| his pocket Was a letter to fi ther, Eldridge
| Clark at Keene, N. H., in Woleh he said
| ‘My Dean FatHen: | at in receipt of your
lJetter of the 14th, in which you again asl !
| money, in this case for Addi 1] want to tell
' vou so you will understand, as it seems tot

that you are being Inisied by som
| somehow believe what | tell you
|
|

 

 

been considered a liar away from ho

 
 

have hardly anything left) I have been fi
Chieago the last. six months ali alone trying
| to support myself in an he tw
| My wife has been here the t few weeks
i but wont stay where my | re ar 4}!
| he wants of me is what she get out of me
| She ts worth in personal proper rigages
in New York r $40,000, beside what she got
I from you by guit-clain deed 1 have asked
her to-day to decd hack t! which ,
declines to do Now Tar te von for
perhaps the last time, because sont roieht
! understand

me and how feel

happen te m ' I want vou to fu
The New York poli

were notified

WEDNESDAY,

 

 

 

 

 

SPOOKS ADVISE MRS. LA BAU

COMMODORE VANDERBILT'S DAUGH-
TER CALLS THE MEDIUM A FRAUD.

Says Jeannette Danforth, in Collusion With

A. PB. Dodge, Advised Her So That She
greed to Pet $100,000 Into Dodge's
Kinettc Motor—Mr. Dodge Got 880,000,

When Mrs. Mary Alicia La Bau, one of Com-

modore Vanderbilt's daughters, was contest-

| ing in 1877 the probate of his will which left

| her $250,000 in

Lake Shore bonds, evidence

| was offered that the Commodore had at cer-
| tain times consorted with spiritualist and clair-

voyants and had their advice in money matters,
Mrs, La Bau, who. in the settlement of the will
contest, got $400,000 more from W. H. Vanderbilt,
has been consulting the spirits herself; and as one
defence to an action against her on a contract
eta up that the contract was obtained through

| falae and fraudulent spirit messages, delivered

married |

} storing what he got from her

was held yesterday for the purpose of authore |

by one Jeannette Danforth, a medium, in col-
lusion with the plaintiff.
The plaintiff is Arthur P.
Kinetic Power Company. He
Supreme Court to recover 20,000
Mrs. La Bau as a@ balance due
contract lo purehase a quarter inter-
est in alleged patent righta from him for
$100,000. Dodge appearing by Lawyer Joseph
Martin obtained an order for
service of the summons and complaint on Mrs,
La Bau on allegations that she was evading
service, A process server who said he called
at her residence, 144 Riverside Drive, on May
28 and May 31 last avers that he was informed

the
the
from
on a

Dodge of
sues in

at her house each evening that she was at a
spiritualistic conference Mrs. La Bau is now
bot ween 60 and 70) eas of awe

The contract on which the suit is based ts
written and is witnessed by Walter A La Bau,

said to be the only son of Mrs. La Bau. It was
executed on May 14, 1807, and does not specily
what patent riaghts it refers to, except to state
that Dodge conveys to Mrs La Bau for $100,000
a quarfter interest in such Pate nt rights as he
hasor may get in other countrl than the United
States. Soon alter the contract was made Mrs
La Bau advanced several sums of money to
Dodge, amounting in all to $40,000, She also
put in his keeping on June 4 i8u7, twenty-five
Albany Railroad Consolidated 5 per cent gold
bouds With coupons attached and filteen Lehigh
and New York Railread fim mortwage 4 per
cent gold bonds, each of the par value of $1,000,
inaking $40,000 of securities at the par value
Dodge sets up that the $40,000 in cash and the
$40,000 In securities were advanced on the con-
tract to pay him $100,000

In the long answer which Mrs. La Bau has
filed to the complaint she declares that Dodge
entered upon a conspiracy to detraud her by
false representations as to the alleged patent
rights, and that, as she is a believer in spiritual-
ism, he employed “spirit messages” to induce
her to trust her money and securities to him
Vodae in isu2 and they lida discussions

so-called inventions down to but
ago when she lost faith in him.
elaned the alleged

  

She me
about his
a short time
From the year 1892 until she

  

contract he repeatediy, as she avers, repre-
serted to her that he controlled by a majority
of the stock a corporation known as the Kinetic
Power Company which had cert patents
for a locomotive vehicle, desermbed b lh ge
as operated under the “stored steaus s\ stein”
and as ‘the Kinetic s stem of motive power,

She says she never got any thing on the contract
for the monoy she advanced, and she declares
that if the Kinetic Power Company owned any
patents they had then become free to the publi
or had but a short fime to run She further
avers:

“During a large portion of the said period
the defendant had in her employ a certain
Jeannette Danforth, who held herself out to be
a spiritualistic medium, and who attended the
defendant as such medium and who adminis-
tered physical treatment to the defendant for
rheumatism and other ailmenta, and the de-
fendant, as the plaintiff well knew, believed
in the possibility. of messages coming from @
spiritual world from the spirits of deceased
human beings to living persons through medi-
ums: and (as defendant alleges on informa~
tion and belief) the plaintiff! thereupon and
without the knowledge of the defendant con-
spired and plotted with the said Jeannette Dan-
forth, and by paying money to her and by other
means fraudulently procured her to make
statements to the defendant purporting to
come from certain spirits in_a spiritual world
to the effect that the plaintiff's anid system and
contrivances were of enormous value, and
other representations of a like nature for the
purpose of inducing the defendant to pay money
to the plaintiff and to sign contracts for the
payment of money to the plaintiff and the said
Jeannette Danforth, conspiring with the plain-
tiff as aforesaid, made such misrepresentations
as fraudulently suggested and directed by the
plaintiff.”

" On information and belief Mrs
’ ,

  

Tia Bau fur-
: oo

  
  

        

ther alleges the plainth? also “fraud ly
proe er persons to repeat to
their own opinions and as their own
certain false and fraudulent. misrepr

 

tions suggested and directed by the pl Fo
} t that plaintiff's system

 

il to the general effe
and devices were of very great value, and to
the same effect as the representations made by

   

the plaintig himself, and such other persons
did make such representations to the defendant
aa fraudulently suggested anddirected by the

 

vr

The answer of Mrs. La Ban was filed by Hunt-
inwton & Rhinelander, her counsel. She denies
that Dodge kept the agreement, and specifi-
cally sets up that he failed to carry out the
provision to the ¢ flect that he “would promot
and develop the best mutual and material in-
and she alleges that he

 

 

 

teresta of the parties,’

{gnored her and occupled hi lf with the pree
motion and development of his own interests
Want of consideration on her part is set up,

 

heeause she say’ she never recetved any patent
Interests under the contract and if she did she
is ready to restore them to Dodge on his re-
She seeks to
superimpose on the written contract an agree-
ment that sums of money were due under it
y when she should find it convenient to pay
She declares that she does not now find it cone
ventent to pay the $20,000 sued for or any other
ff money to Mr Dodge She denies that

   

sum

she let him have the forty bonds as part payment |

on the contract, but alleges that she surrende
ered the bonds to him to advance his credit
so that he could raise money for foreign patents
and to make the motors

Mrs. La Bau states that the company was
{neorporated in Maine as the Kinetic Power
Company for $2,000,000, but that the capital
was raised to $5,000,000, She says that all of
the stock except three or four shares were given
for alleged patent rights, although Docge had
falsely told her that the stock was paid forin
money. Shesays he told her about having many

 

orcers for the motors and that the president |
| of a street car company had sent a check for |

$1,000 for a motor for a test on his road, She
saves that all these statements were false
and part of the general scheme against her,
Her answer concluces with the cefence that
the contract was the outgrowth of fraud and
she should not be held to it, but that the court
should set it asi¢e and cirect Dodge to pay
back her $10,000 in cash and her forty bonds.

STOLE T0 PAY FOR A FUNERAL,

Story of a Salesman Arrested for Theft
Aronses Sympathy tn His Captors.

Henry G. Fowler, a salesman and collector

for a mineral water concern with offices at

162 Broadway, was arrested last night for the
of $20.00 on complaint of William F

 

  

 
     

larceny

Powell treasurer of the concern Fowler
was formerly ta business for himself. He
failed and got employment recently with the
mineral water company at asalary of $20 4
week fie said it wa part of his duty to in-
roduece the min il water into hotels, and that
i doing «o he ineurred expenses that ate
1 big le inthis salary He has four childrer

Three ok wo he lost his eight-vear-old boy
lie sa he took th money to give the boy a
decent burial and t he expeets to returr

it. ‘The sergeant * Tenderloin police statio

who locked Fowler up expressed sympathy
for him

wowaNn's bIGtL AT Tht VORGQUE

 

Nine Days She Sought Her Husband's Rody
~Then It Came to From the River,

A quict-faced woman has been a daily visitor

at the Morgue for the last nine days, asking

 

  

t » every body picked up in the river As
she never made an ideniification the keepers
bewan to think she merely had a morbid de-
sire to Jook at grewsome obiect I. st plight
however, when a body that had been pic ked
up at North River and Fortieth street yester-
day after was shown to her she fainted
Iker restored » CONSCIOUS ees
said i wa Macgie Ferrick
et Fortveninth street and that the body
of her hush les t plumber,
i heen missing for fa She sen

te an tndertaker's

 

Poland Water Leads All,
Prescribed by 5,000 ans,—Ady

physic

EPTEMBER 19,

substituted |

 

 

| ADVANCE OF THE BRITISH,

Gen. Lord Roberts Reports the Progress of
His Campaign.
Special Cable Despatchto THE SUN,
LONDON, Sept. 18.—-The War Office has rer
ceived the following from Lord Roberts, dated
| Machadadorp, Sept. 17
“Pole-Carew's aud Hamilton's columns will
| be in the vicinity of Kaapmuiden station to-
morrow. A brigade is near Nelspruit, and firing
| was heard in that direction this afternoon
“Pildvard has established a post at Utrecht,
and is moving to-day toward Vryheid in co-
operation with the mounted corps from Dundee.
| Barton is intrenched at a point where a amall
| bridge was recently destroyed between Krigers-
i dorp and Randfontein, He has captured @
number of sheep, oxen and horses
| “Clements had a skirmish yesterday at Hex-
| poort. fis casualties were one killed, one
wounded and one missing
“French's cavalry division has advanced
from Barberton to the Avoca railway station,
| French found fifty more locomotives that had
; not been damaged, six of which were at Els-
| pruit, The Boers have blown up several bridges
and culverts to the east of Godwaan, There
are plenty of sleepers and railway material
and the damage will be quickly repaired.”

| Force Sent to Burn Farms Where They Are
| Located—British Ambulance Train Captured.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
From Tre SUN'S correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretoria, Sept. 17, 3:45 P. M.—A detachment
lof Australians, who were part of Gen, Clementa’s
force and were left at Wasboschfontein, at the
head of the Nivet Valley, arrived here to-day.
They brought thirty-five prisoners with them
During the ride of forty miles here, they were
| sniped at continually from both sides of the

valley. The Boers who live in the hills have
| mattresses placed on the rocks for their con-
venience and comfort while sniping at troops
moving through the valley

On Sunday, Sept. 9, an ambulance train of
five wagons in charge of Dr. Perkins left
here to join Gen, Clements’s command, Themen
and wagons never arrived at their destination,
and Kaffirs say they were captured and that
five of the men were killed

Gen, Clements is doing good work in clearing
the country of these sniping bands. He is now
on hia way to burn twelve farms, which are
known to be night resorts of the snipers

PREDICT GENERAL BOFR SURRENDER,

Released British Prisoners Tell of the Effect
of Krager's Flight.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Drrpan, Sept. 18.--The tranaport Matabele
arrived here yesterday with eighty-two Brit-
ish prisoners aboard, They were very much
| amaciated and were suffering from ill-treat-
| ment at the hands of the Boers, They said
the conditions were unbearable after the Brit-
ish had captured Pretoria. Sixteen prisoners
had been killed or wounded while attempting
to eacape. They say there have heen inter-
necine quarrels and bloodshed among the
Boers over the flight of President Krilger.
There are many desertions daily and it ts prob-
able, according to the stories told by the men,
that there will be a general surrender in a few
days.

—_—_——-

KRUGER TO GO TO BRUSSELS.

Make His Headquarters There, Dr.
Leyds’s Secretary Says.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Brveaseia, Sept. 18--M. von Boosehoten,
the secretary of Dr Leyds, the European agent
of the Transvaal, stated to-day that President
Kruger intends to come direct to Brussels,
which he will make hia headquarters

—_——

SOCIALISTS DENOUNCE KAISER.

Members of the Reichstag Speak Freely at
the Mayence Congress.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

MAYENCE, Sept. 18.—Most of to-day's session
of the Social Democrata was devoted to a furlous
attack upon the Emperor's colonial and foreign
policies, Herr Singer, a well-known member
of the Reichstag, moved a resolution condemn-
ing Germany's Chinese policy, which, he de-
clared, was the outcome of military lust of con-
quest, Chauvinistic land hunger, and the profit-
making fury of the bourgeoisie, Herr Singer
contended that this policy of plunder would
probably end {n catastrophe, Ae doclared that
the Socialists should agitate everywhere against

| its continuance
Herr Schoenland,

wii

 

 

another member of the
Reichstag, denounced the personal régime
in German foreign politics, The Emperor
preached khaki absolutism and no quarter,
but he accomplished nothing

Herr Ledebure declared that the German
| workingmen were ashamed of Field Marshal
von Waldersee’s theatricals. Nevertheless, if
Germany hada leader as strong as Mr,Chamber-
lain. the British Colonial Secretary or President
McKinley, he believed they would vote khaki.
He deplored that Jingoism was everywhere
blatant, in Great Britain and the United States
equally with Germany.

Herr Singer's resolution was adopted unani-
mously, as was also a resolution of sympathy
with the Boers,

 

KING EMBRACES ROYAL EXPLORER.

Victor Emmannael at a Celebration tn Honor
of the Duke of the Abruzzi.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Panis, Sept. 18—A despatch from Naples
says the Duke of the Abruzai arrived there at
1.25 o'clock yesterday afternoon. He was
received by the elvil and military authorities
and representatives of various scientific associa-
tions. The officers of the British warship
Surprise took part In the reception

King Victor Emmanuel unexpectedly arrived
and embraced the explorer, who afterward
went to Capodimonte,

OVER 22,000 GUESTS INVITED.

 

 

Paris Banquet to Municipal Officers The Ban-
quet to Mayors Abandoned,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Panis, Sept. 18.—The banquet of the Mayors
of the various cities of France, which had been
set for Sept. 23 and to which the Mayors of
many foreign cities had been invited, will not
take place lhe Ministry disapproved of the
scheme

lhe official banquet of the municipal officers

22. Over

will take 22.000 gests

have been invited to

place on Sept
attend

GIRL DIES OF PIAGUE AT GLASGOW,

rwenty-One Fatalities Thas Far and 110 Cases
Now Under Observation.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

GLaAsuow, Sept. 18.--A girl who was adinitted
toa hospital yesterday died to-day of the plague
Six new cases are under observation and ten
persons who were supposed to be suffering
| from the disease have been released. Up to
date there have been twenty-one deaths and

110 cases are now under observation

 

Strike Riot in Hamburg.
Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Hamprns, Sept m&-The striking dock
laborers to-day made an attack on the non-
union workmen with Knives and clubs Three
policemen and ten non-union men were seriously

Sixty of the rioters were arrested

injured
| An Autumn Journey
| Over the beautiful Alleghany Mountains on the
| Pennosyivanta Limited is like an enchanted dream.
| Leave New York every morning.—Adr,

 

~4900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SU

SS
SSS SSS SS SSS

CROKER TO PLATT—LIAR.

NEVER, NEVER,
ANY ‘*RESORT.”

Hill Not Invited to Speak With Bryan Here
=—Mr. Croker Has Taken Charge of That
Meeting —Forty-seven Tammany Baoners Up
in Town and 14 More to Go Up This Week,

TAMMANY ISSESSED

Richard Croker, chieftain of Tam-
many fall, was very angry yesterday over
the statement made by Senator Platt that
Tammany had a large campaign fund, raised
by the assessment of “saloons and brothels.”
Mr. Croker denied the charge vigorously and
said that Tammany never had assessed resorts
of any kind, and had no interest in doing 60.
If Senator Platt made the charge which
he is quoted as making, he is an old liar,” said

The Hon

Mr. Croker I brand him as a lar if he said
that. He knows too, that he is a Har and
that he cannot prove a word of what he has
eaid, I defy him to prove that Tammany
Hall has assessed any saloon or any resort of
any kind He cannot bring any proof
of his statement, and he knows
it, and every one else knows it.
Tamman) Hall never has assessed and

never will assess any saloon or any resort,
It does not raise its campaign funds that way.
It does not have to raise them that way,
and it does not want money that is obtained
inthat way. Mr. Platt knows this, and knows
it well, and he ought not to make a statement
for which he knows that there fs no foundation
at all. The Democratic campaign fund is
different from the Republican campaign fund.
Every one knows how the Republicans raise a
campaign fund. All that they have to do is
to go out and hold up the trusts and make them
give up their money. That is the way the Re-
publicans get their money. They hold up the
trusts

“It is not right that a man should be allowe
to say such things as Senator Platt has sat
about Tammany Hall, when there is nothing |
to base them on, and some way should be founc
to stop it. Senator Platt has no right to say |
such things. He knows that they are not true,
and he ought not to say them any way.”

Tammany men have been boasting lately
about the size of their campaign fund, and
have said that it was practically unlimited.
As an evidence of this they have pointed to
the campaign banners which Mr. Croker has
caused to be strung up in all parts of the city,
There are already forty-seven big Bryan and
Stevenson banners across Broadway and the |
principal avenues and atreets, an fourteen
more are to be hoisted within a week. These
banners represent about $10,000 of Democratic |

money. |
The fourteen banners which will be put up
|

this week will bear a legend slightly different
from those which have been hung out so far.
Mr. Croker’s battle ery up to this time has
been, “We wish to remain free people,” and
banner that has been put out has

about every ‘
read; “We

had this on it. The new ones wil
intend to remain free people.’

Two of the new banners will be in Yiddish
One of them will be pat up over what Bim,
the button man, calls Tweed Plaza, known
otherwise as Rutgers Square. The other will
be at Rutgers and Cherry streets. Two Italian
banners will be hung out by the TD. Sullivan
Italian Anti-Imperialistic League, One of them
will be at Grand and Mulberry treets,
and the other in Mulberry Park. The Demo-
crats expect to make a great hit witha banner
80x40 feet that is to be raised on Saturday at
Broad and Wall streets, in the lairof the octopus
This banner is to have the pictures of Bryan
Stevenson, Stanchfleld and Mackey_on it, anc
a@ good deal of reading matter What the
reading matter will be no one would tell last
evening, but all the Tammany men agreed that |
it would pe hot stuff. A Hungarian Demo-
cratic banner will be stretched across Second |
avenue at Sixth street early next week, and
nine in plain English will be hung over Broad- |
way between the Battery and Twenty-seventh
street, where the Young Men's Democratic
League is going to hang out a big net and can-
vas affair. The banner business ts booming
Ex-Senator Hill ordered a banner for the Al-
bany Democrats yesterday

The Tammany Ratification Committee,
which has charge of all the arrangements for
the Madison Square meeting on Oct. 16, at
which Bryan is to make a speech, met last even-
ing in Tammany Hall. Mr. Croker presided
On his motion William R. flearst, President
of the National League of Democratic Clubs,
was elected vice-chatrman of the committee.
Mr. Hearst is aleo chairman of the Reception
Committee, The other committees and their
chairmen as decided upon last evening are:
Invitations, John Whalen; Organization,
Henry W. Unger: Press, John W. Keller; Print-

ing, J. J. O'Brien; Musie, Fireworks, Deco-
rations, &c., T. J. Brady; Police and Ushers,
F.G. Rinn

Tammany has Invited
Stanchfield, Mackey and Webster Dayis to

 

speak. Stevenson is not expected No in-
vitation was sent to ex-Senator David B. Hill,
although when the Demoratic State Committee
announced that the candidate for President
was to speak in this city, it added the
announcement that Mr. Hill would speak the
game evening from the same platform. Mr.
Croker has taken the management of the
meeting into his own hands and ignored the

|

!

}

 

|
|
|
Bryan, Stevenson, |

State Committee entirely He didn't want
Mr Hill to speak under. the. ans.
pices of Tammany, and therefore he dic
not invite him to. Mr. Croker's friends sai
ast evening that Mr Isryan, by speaking under
the auspices of Tammany, without Mr Hil,
would show his sympathy for Mr. Croker in
his fight for the political extermination ofMr
Hill and his friends Mr. Croker will probably |
call the meeting to order and introduce the |
permanens chairman Comptroller Coler has
een mentioned as a possible permanent chair-
man, but as he Is a follower of Mr Hill he may |
not be selected

The speakers will address their auditors from
a stage erected at the Fourth avenue end of
the Garden Behind them there will be a big
sounding board

The Chicago Plotform Democrats and the
Workingmen's Political Lengue have given |
notice that they will join with Tammany to
muke the meetiag successful

WHEELER TALKS

 

 

GEN. EXPANSION.

The Policy te Acquire Territory, He Says,
Was Characteristic of Southern Presidents.
HuntTsvitLe, Ala, Sept. 18 Gen,

Wheeler received an ovation to-night at the

hands of the people of Huntsville, Several

thousand people were assernbled in the county
court house yard, to which; lice Gen, Wheeler
was escorted from the Huntsville Hotel by the

Mayor, Citizens’ Committee, band and military

In behalf of the city of Huntsville

Joseph

company

Capt. Milton Humes, an old-time friend of the
General, introduced him to the audience
When the General arose to speak he was

greeted by enthusiastic applause. He snid that
words were inadequate to express the deep
sense of gratitude that he felt. He then paid a
graceful tribute to the soldiers and statesmen
of the South, describing them as the mainspring
and chief support of the Government Touch-
ing upon the acquis tion of forcign territory
he said that it had always been the po icy ot
Southern Presidents to acquire territory, and
that under their ad vinistrations the original
th rteen States lad expanded into the present
enormous domain of the United States of
America

BRYAN NOT COURAGEOUS

Comment of the London ‘Standard’ on His
Letter of Acceptance.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 19.—The Standard, comment. |
ing on Mr. Bryan's letter
dential nomination, says it does not think that |
he shows courage in meeting the issues before
the country. He does not appear to regard it
as safe to carry anti-imperialism beyond the

accepting the Presi-

stage of vague rhetoric

Portuguese Guard the Boer Frontier.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
LoRkKNZO MAnytts, Sept, 18 The Portu-
guese are closely guarding the frontier at Res-
aano Garcia and trains go no further than that

point

A Dioner to Celebrate British Victories, |
YONKERS, N. Y., Sevt. 18.--Prominent Eng-
lich residents gave a dinrer in the Geity House

this evening to celebrate the victories of the
British Army in South Africa, About 200 Brit-
ish sympat izers attend: d

 

Snow at Mount Washington,

  

Mount WasHtnatTon, N. A, Sept. 18—The |
first snow stormof the season began on the |
mountains about 9:30 last ment

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!

The purest natural spring water [n (he world. ~-Ade,

 

N PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

| a pile of railroad ties and was severe

| in the Executive

Continued cool and generally faly
weather to-day and to-morrow

@

 

 

mvcirep TO

Organizer Diicher of the Miners Invites the
Men to Begin Rloodshed.

WILK es-Barrz, Pa, Sept. 18.—The coal mine
owners are incensed at the statement given
out by Organizer Fred Dilcher in Seranton
yesterday, in which he said

“We are in this to win, and there will be no
half-hearted flght. If lives must be lost be-
fore it is settled, and settled as the men want
it, then {t must be so. That is for the oper-
ators to decide.”

The operators declare that if there ever was
a call for men to attempt an outbreak and
shed blood, thatis one. They eay it is a threat
against them worthy of an Anarchist There
is but one Interpretation, they say, to be placed
upon It, and that is that the strikers should stop
at nothing to gain their point, violence, blood-
shed, death if necessary. If these are to be
the tactics, they say, the strikers will not only
suffer defeat, but lose the respect of all law-
abiding people, and it will mean the deathblow
to the organization. They suggest that it
will be for the best Interests of the men if Dil-
cher is removed and a leader with oommon
sense and sound judgment placed at Scranton
in his stead.

 

BOAT BLOCKED A RAILROAD.

Trains tn the Grand Central at Chicago
Stalled by a Drawbridge Accident.

Curicaao, Sept. 1%—All trains leaving the
Grand Central station yest erday afternoon, last
night and this morning were delayed by the
wedging of the steanboat S. 8 Curry into the
draw of the ratlroad bridge. It was shortly
before 8 o'clock yesterday afternoon when the
vessel became wedged in. Efforts to release the
boat proved futile, and the engineers were not
at all sure that it could be moved to-day.

three large locomotives of the Baltimore

nd Ohio road, assisted by several tugs, worked
for hours, but only succeeded in fastening the
teambcat more tightly in the draw. The

idge could not be closed, and four locomotives
and forty coaches belonging to the Baltimore
and Ohio, Chicago Great Western and Chicago
Yerminal Transfer Company were left stand-
ing idle in the depot.

When it was discovered that the boat could
not be released locomotives and coaches from
the yards at Western avenue were sent for,

 

and oulgols trains were made up on the
west side of the river, near Twelith street
Passengers were transferred in omnibuses

from the depot to the trains.

A PASTOR CRITICALLY ILL.

 

 

The Rev. J. H. Slater of Bath Beach Was
Said Last Night to Be Dying.

The Rev. J. A. Slater, pastor of the Cropsey
Avenue Methodist Epise pal Church, at Bath
Beach. is lying at the point of death at his resi-
dence at Ray Thirty-fifth street and Cropsey
avenue. He wasoperated upon for a tumor of

She left eye about two mon'hs ago, and on Sun-
day before last while preaching. |e was taken
suddenly ill from the effects of the operation
City Magistrate Teale of Brooklyn finished the
sermon, Late last night the clereyman's phyai-

cians said that he could not live until this
mornin
Dr, Slater created a sensation last March

by denouncing from the pulpit the friends
of James Wakeley, Secretary of the Graves.
end Bay Yacht Club, who had committed
suicide, and accused them of leading him
astray. Many of Wakeley's friends were in the
congregation.

Dr. Sleter has been paster of the church five
years.

 

PROHIBITION TRAIN TO START OUT,
Presidential Candidate Woolley to Begin His
Novel Campaigning To-day.

CHICAGO, Sept. 18.—John G. Woolley, Prohi-
bition candidate for the Presidency, will leave
Chicago to-morrow morning on a special train
for a campaign tour. Mr. Woolley will be ac-
companied by Henry B. Metcalf of Pawtucket,
R.1. The Prohibition candidate for \ ice-Pres-
ident, Samuel Dickie, editor of the New Voice;
Volney B. Cushing of Bangor, Me, and Olive
W. Stewart of Chicago, chairman of the Nation A
Prohibition Committee, and Judge BB. Barnes
of Chicago, candidate for Governor, will also be
with the irty through Iilinols

The Prohibitionists expect this special train
to be the great feature of their campaign
Nothing like it has ever been attempted by them
or by any minority party

Mr. Woolley has just returned to his home
in this city from his trip to the Pacific Coast
fe reports large meetings and says that there
will be a great increase in the Prohibition vote

PARACHUTE JUMPER'S DEATH,

 

 

Result of Injaries Received ina Descent at
the Potnt of Pines.

Lynx, Maas., Sept."18.—Prof, John Sawyer,
the parachute jumper, died at the Lynn Hospital
yesterday from injuries received Thursday in
making a descent from a balloon at the Point of
Pines. Sawyer had descended to within twenty
feet of the ground when a heavy wind carried
the parachute along with it. While going at
a rapid rate within a few feet of earth he struck
injured

Sawyer, who was 24 years old, had been
through the country with his wife, both making
ascensions and parachute jumps, Not long
acco he was severely hurtin a parachute accident
at Montreal,

SHOOTING OF GOEBEL.

State Rests Ite Case in the Prosecatton of Jim
Howard for the Crime,
FraNkrort, Ky, Sept. 18 ~The
afternoon closed its evidence in
Jim Howard, alleged assassin of William Goebel
William H. Culton and Wharton Golden tes-
tified to conversations with Howard on the
shooting. Howard had exhibited to  Culton
smokeleas powder cartridges similar to those
hehad previously seen in possession of Youtsey
Golden said that Howard had said to him
“Jack Chinn is said to be a good race horse
starter, but he never started a horse that ran

THE

 

State this
the case of

| faster than Chinn did when Goebel was shot
being |

testified to Howard
Building at the time of

Many

Witnesses
the
shooting

4 WOMAN KILLS A SNAKE,

Mrs. Brown of Riverhead, L. L, Used Bolling
Water With Deadly Effect.
Rivenneap, I. L, Sept. 18 —A blacksnake
measuring nearly six feet caused conster-
nation in the home of Mrs. Everett Brown
yesterday. Mrs. Brown was upstairs and her

children were in the kitchen. Their shouts

brought Mrs. Brown to the kitchenin haste and
she was almost overcome at the sight of the
snake crawling between the baby’s les. The

little fellow stood still in the middie of the floor
too frightened tt) move. Mrs. Brown walked to
the stove wherea Kettle of water was boiling
and poured the hot water over the -nake. The
reptile raised its head in the air and fell dead,

An Automobile Travels a Mile in I Minute and
6 Seconds,

CHICAGO, Sept. 18.-All short distance auto-
mobile speed records were broken to-day in
every race al the internation’! automobile ex-
hibit and race meet at the Washington Park
race course. ‘T. BE. Griffin sent his vebicle a mile
in 106. Griffin <aid to-night that he would
make the distance to-morrow in 1:02 and proba-
bly ini minute. More than 4,000 per-ons wit-
ne sed the con‘est to-day, the grandstand being
crowded with the most fashionable people of
Chi-age

12-Year-Old Lost; His Mother Dring.

The police last night sent outa genera! alarm
for twelve-year-old Charles Corvey of §045econda
avenue. A chowder party with a brass band
pares his home list Sunday. He followed the
yand and tha’ was the last seen of him. His
mother is dying of cancer of the stomach. The
boy is dumb.

Safety Signals on the Pennsylvania Rallroad

Protect it by the automatic action of the electrie
current beyond the ability of fallible humanity. —Adw

 

a
PRICE TWO CENTS.
EASaer ene SOME MINERS WONT YIELD;

TAR COAL STRIKE MAKES SLIGHT
HEADWAY THE SECOND DAY.

 

Men in Schuylkill and Lehigh Regions Re-
main Deaf to the Apprals to Go Out on @
Sympathy Strike—Key of the Situation Re-
mains With Them—They Can Sapply the
Market if They Stay In-They Have No
Grievances—Spirtted Stand of the West
End's Men the Labor Agitaters
~Sigus of Serious Violence in Many Places
~High Wages That the Miners Really Make

Iies About the Squalor of Their Homes.

WILKes-Barre, Pa., Sept. 18.—The end of
the second day of the great coal strike shows
both sides lined up practically as they were at
the end of the first day. Of the 140,000 miners
in the entire anthracite region, between 85,000
and 90,000 have quit work and from 60,000 te
55,000 still refuse to obey the orders of the
United Mine Workers’ organization and are
at work. Some few collieries that nominally
were working yesterday have shut down to
day, but the fact is without significance. Al
though they had steam up yesterday and some
few men working about them, they were min
ing no new coal and were only kept open more
by way of bluff and in the vague hope that some
of their men who had deserted them might
come back. When they were opened on Mom
day morning it was with the full purpose ef
closing them to-day in case the men did nes
come back.

Naturally the strike leaders have made the
most of these shuttings down to-day and on
top of it they are claiming additions to their
rauks in the Schuylkill and Lehigh regions,
If there are such additions, they are trifling,
They do not affect the general situation, The
great labor landslide planned and partially
carried out by the western bituminous mitaing
organizution swept pretty much everything
before it in the Wyoming and Lackawannse
regions, but was held up short by the solid
barrier of resistance in the Lehigh and Schuyk
kill regions. The barrier still remains as solid
as ever and at this writing shows no sign of
weakening. Fully 80 per cent. of the mines
in Schuylkill and Lehigh are at work, It is ts
these two last named regions that thts greates®
battle in the history of the entire anthracite
country is to befoughtout, Itis here that will
be decided, and possibly within a week, whether
the strike is to be of indefinite length @
whether it will meet with sudden collapse,

If Schuylkill and Lehigh stand firm the chances
are good that the whole movement all
the line will be abandoned

The origin of the strike was artificial to
with. It came from outside and was
to reluctantly by a very large proportion o|
the miners who are in it, and it Was @ source oO
régret and well-rounded uneasiness to

Against

It may be of importance 'o the score or more
leaders of the United Mine Workers’ organie
zation who receive snug salaries and comforta-
ble expense allowances that they fortify theme
selves inthis desirable position by getting as
firm a grip upon the anthracite region as
have on the biturninous, but this end does nos
seein so desirable to the solid, substantial miner
who has to pay for it by the sacrifice of from $60
to $100 a month in wawes during a strike.
HOW ABOUT THE RELIEF FUND?

Already they are beginning to inquire u
the relief fund about which the agitators
so glibly before the strike was on—the f
that was to pay everybody from 60 cents te
$1 a day for doing nothing but wait until td
operators took them on their payrolls at greatly
advanced rates of wages. They want to know
when the man with the money is going to @

nd begin passing around the funds, It
ime they were paid off last week for the mont
of August. About the middle of October the
will be pald for the two weeks they worked
in September. But after that, what? Thi
feel that they would like to see some of ther
eash coming in now, It would tend to relleve
thelr minds of the haunting possibility that
they cashed in their sure-paying jobs and got
labor-agitator wind over the counter, They are
not vetinthe position of Doubting Thom
for when a miner becomes a Doubting Tho:
on the question of revenue that he thinks
due him he generally starts {n to smash 80;
thing. It is rather in the attitude of anxious
inquirers that they now are discussing
relief fund question

 

When the strike began the United et
Workers had £71,000 in the treasury. hele
own reports show that only about 57 per cent,
of their

membes responded to the 28 ta
assesame! If the strike really were to

 

prolonged for two or three months and up
over the borders of hard, bitter winter, it is @
grave question whether they could honor the
promises they have made, no matter what

tions they might make And then when the

ite appotnted part in the
aign # possibly very eu
to a certain element

v

 

is ‘ neeor generation of miners

have few responsibil

  

 

who ies and who have
never been through a real strike, and to whom
the gravity of the present situation does nos
appear Many ef them are ready to go Into @
strike fora strike’s sake They are not asking
any questi is to the relief fund and are quite
ready to offset any chances of Its future failure
with the joys of the present idleness and ege
citenent fut not so however, with the of
ind experienced man who has seen strikes an

vho knows what they are, and who has before
him ever t r that he ts doing notht

sence of wite and chil

around his home the pre
t this biggest of

 

dren to remind hirnor wh

thracite strikes may me them all before
it is over The re the n that are be
ning to ask quest about when the organ
tion money is # to appear

An instan thi awning anxiety. was
. wr inc ditt de that curred at Hazlee
ton to-da \ appeared at the offi
of one of the operators there and introdu
himself as a delegate from one of the Uni
Mine Workers’ councils in Scranton. He to
how by telephor he truth of his statement

 

and it was confirmed. The

 

miarht be confirtu

 

 

he said he had been sent down by his coun
on a quiet mission of investigation. They had
been told by their leaders up in Seranton that
the Hazleton and all the Lehigh region
miners were out, and that the
newspaper stories to the contrary were
all lies Yor the newspaper stories
were circumstantial and reiterated them, and
his counsel do become uneasy To settle
the matter definitely for once and all they had
cent him down to see for himself and report.
kvery facility was given to see the mines fp
which the men were at work A representa-
tive of the operators took him from mine te
mine which had been reported by Seranton
leaders as closed down, and he aw men

it work as though no strike had ever
heard of He was a quiet, thoughtful man
declined to give any opinion on what he
seen. He went away saying nothing, but
umably thinking mute d by this time

 

Seranton council knows as much as he knows,

  

EFFORT TO BEEAK DOWN OPPOBITION,

Phis state of dawning uneasiness ie know,
to the strike leaders, of course, and one r
of it is to spur therm to furious efforts to break
in on the practical id front of onpositia
to their wishes W h the miners of the Scuvl
and) Lehieh ior ire presenting, Upon
the capture f that fort |}angs the key to t
position, M the goneral in comman
at the United Mine Workers’ headquarters
in Hazleton, is concentrating all his foroes
noon that oblect It is at Mahanoy City

Hazleton that the battle will rage the bitt

 

hor ‘the rest of the wee
WEST END MEN HOLD OUT

It is true there is one fort holding out th
a few warrisons in the Wyoming region
Wiest End Coal Company's at Mocanaqua
holds out against the strike it is the of
mine jn the entire region that is still working,
Of all the 400men employed there not a
dozen quit work. The mine is becomf a
thorn in the strike managers’ side
nearest force is at Glen Lyon, four miles away,
where there are about nine hun-
dred striking «miners These men ve
kept up oa ! attack on the
West End mut Without ult.
There is a acro « the =

 

quehanna over which the West End minete
pase to Ae { from their work 't is a private
ridge, the property of the Wilkes-Barre and
Iehigh Coal Con.pany. The strikers posted
pickets on it toe intercept the working minets

 

 

 
 
  
 

     

until the thing became such a nuisance that the
men who wanted to work were | ming ner-
vous and the 1 Cer ny appealed to
the Wilkes-I Teli (Company, the
owners of t) to interfer This was
done and office pasted the bri
to-day to keep the strikers of -
About 10 o'ek this morning there eo o
3 telephone mes in . m the head-
quarters in Hazleton te Glen tvon. aghkti

being made with the W
as that th
West

what progress wa
End men. The answer
ho progress whatever—that

-

s

—