on

 

nt

wr

 

 

     

anne

—--—

VOL. LXXXI.—NO. 112.

+++

G.0.P,LEADERS |. r=." 28
LIKE NEW PL AN Slmery of Cinelnaats

Special Cable Deapatch to Tim Sus
(ireat Majority Approve Ac-

LONDON, Dec. 20.—Sir Hugh Lane, the
English connoisseur and collector

tion of National

Committee.

 

| $350,000 PAID FOR TITIAN.

 

sold) Titian's portrait of Philip tf. of
Spain to Mrs, T. J. Emery of Cincinnati,
told the correspondent of THE SUN to-day
that Mrs, Emery is making a collection of
masterpieces which she intends to present
to the city of Cincinnati. The price was
$350,000,

There are fewer examples of ‘Titian's
work in the United States than of any
Other artist so fur as Sir Hugh Lane
knows. He added that Mrs. Emery bought
the picture without having seen it. She
relied entirely on its reputation and a
photograph,

The painting is frequently cailed a sym-
phony in gold and silver. Mrs.
has it in the condition in which it left the
hands of the master. Some later addi-
tions by unknown artists have been re-
moved,

This portrait is one of the most famous
| portraits in existence, It 1s the original of
all Titian's portraits of Phillip If There

Mann and Woods Among Those {js a repiica in the Museo del Prado. in
Who Say They Have Not Madrid.

Formed an Opinion. NO NEW OPERA HOUSE?

 

ONLY A FEW PROTEST

 

Even Southerners Indorse
Reduction of Their
Delegates,

 

PROGRESSIVES STAND OUT

 

 

Report That Metropolitan Directors
Have Decided Not to Move.

Ik was reported last night that the di-
rectors of the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany at @ recent meeting had definitely
decided that the present house was ade-
quately sulted to needs of metropolitan
opera for years to come

The décision also carries with it the
determination to spend $500,000 in chang-
ing the front of the present building and
in making such other repairs as are nec-
essary,

The acoustic properties of the house
were considered by the directors, the
port said. They came to the conclusion

Tue Scn invited Republican leaders
of all factions throughout the United
States yesterday to express their views
on the reorganization plan adopted by
the Republican National Committee last
week. i

More than sixty-five of the hundréd }
who made atatements indorsed the!
action of the committee, ten opposed it
and the others were noncommittal. Of |
those who approved sixty are from |
Northern States and five from the
South. The ten who protest are equally
divided between the North and the

 

South, that this ate the stagwe equipment were
' Among those who “have not had time | ae ae eral - Geared ‘

i . ‘ wUATd, tie press epresentialive
to decide” are James R. Mann, Repub- | of theconera:Sonipand, anid laateniaht ahat

 

such 4 meeting

jn leader in the House, and Frank P.} 6 yaad not heard of
oods, chairman of the Republican |
Congressional committee. Still others |

ahs inontlie Us tHe Seale RAILROADS CERTAIN
OF FAIR TREATMENT

welcome the “harmony” proposal, while |
the Progressives seem to feel that there |

!

Charles A, Prouty of Interstate
Commerce Commission

1s Httle use in attempting a reconcilia- |
So Says in Letter.

 

 

j
uon. }
Some States, both North and South,
euch as Michigan, Minnesota, North
Dakota, Louisiana and North Carolina, |
are undivided in support of the plan.
Others, notably New Hampshire, Texas,
Arkansas, South Dakota, Kentucky and
Wisconsin, indicate that the leaders
are not in accord on the measures
necessary to rehabilitate the party.

 

Fair treatment of the railroads and de-
cision of their application for increased

{to Commissioner Charles A. Prouty of the

 

% {Interstate Commerce Commission, who
VIEWS OF CONGRESSMEN. has written a letter to a New Yorker re-
ae eases garding hie Lotos Club speech on that

Opinions of Leaders Reflect Those OF! subject. Mr. Prouty says
All Factions, ! “Lf have already resigned as member
WASHINGTON, Deo. 26.—Expressions of | of this commission, but you are correct

Op.nion by leading Republicans of in your prophecy, I believe, that the rail-
House reflect those of all factions of | roads will be fairly treated. When they
the party in Congress and all quarters| show that they are entitled to
of the United States in regurd to the| vance in their transportation charges that
recent action of the Republican National | advance will be permitted, but the neces-
Committee, Herein a special effort has/ sity for such an advance is not demon-
been made to get the views of Republican | strated by the assertions of newspapers.
members from the States most affected | What the commission must have are the
and to that end the views of Southern] facts.
Republicans are given at perhaps greater “IT did not say aut the Lotos Club din-
length than those of their Northern party | ner that the commission would not sane-
affiliates. tion rate increases until it had adequate
Broadly speaking there is nearly no op-| supervision of their financial operations,
position to the general plan of reducing | but rather that such inereases could be
the representation in Republican con-| more safely granted if the
ventions from those sections of the | power exiated. That I personally did not
United States where the party is either |
practically non-existent or in a state of}
atrophy There is great divergence of |
opinion as to the best method to be pur-
effecting this reduction The
action of the Republican National Com-
mittee in effecting these reductions is! tial increase in rates
more frequently criticised on the ground, “When | came on tiis commission Sev.
that {t was insuffictently extensive than! enteen years ago about the first thing I
on the ground that it has been too dras-| ever said in public was that there could

the

an ad-

 

dantly shown by the fact that 1] have very
recently concurred with the state Cominis
sioners of four States New bt
in a recommendation that the Boston and

in
sued in

tic {be no adequate and proper regulation of |
: , , Re. Our railroads which did not begin with |

Rapresentative Jammes Re. Mann, the Hs | the capital account and that this control
publican leader in Congress, said : lof the financial operations of a railway

“T regard the reapportionment problem | was necessary both in the interest of the

es one with which it is not my province! stockholder and the rate paying public

r : , i sdue- “It clearly appeared in the investigation
to meddle, The necessity for a reduc eaen : oe eee FLANGE MATT GEG
tion of the representation from the New Haven railroad that if that company
states where the Republican vote i8) )4q never spent a dolar outside of its
either non-existent or a negligible frac- | jegitimate railroad operations it could
tion of the total vote cast was obvious. | to-day easily pay « dividend of S per
‘Tne method to be pursued in effecting one ane carry & handsome amount to

5s » .

this reduction was a matter for the con-
sideration of the Republican National |

Committee. I have not had the time! PROF. BRUCE WYMAN RESIGNS.

closely to apply myself to a dissection | 4 caver Harvard Because of Criti-

of the pep provide or eee ae clam Over Ratlroad Retainer.
committee. - > e
ing of the , | Dee, 20.—-Prof. Brace Wyman

’ i i ; 308TON
vhich I have heard and read has net } ’
9 sufficiently adverse to warrant me | of the Harvard law school tendered his
in thinking that they went very far) unconditional resignation to the President

" Pe | Harvard College to-day,

the working out of the problem,” | and Fellows of
ae . The resignation is to take effect at the
Woods Can't Give Opinion, ‘end of the college year and is accom-
Representative Frank P. Woods of|panied by the request that) leave of

jowa, chairman of the Republican Cons | absence be granted until that time,

gressional campaign committee, made}, cause md the ceiticiam which’ ha auanie
public his views in the following state-| 1 have aroused by accepting a retainer

inent: of $833 a month from the New Haven
“The newspaper reports of the action} and Boston and Maine railroads while
the National Committee differ | lecturing in the law school.
taken by Foe ly He says that as there is a possibility
to guch an extent that I am not fully | nig action may embarrass Harvard he
informed a8 to the exact changes pro-'! deems it wise to sever his connection with
osed for reapportionment by the National | the inatitution. Prot wyman Uafonils
( : » [his course, saying at he expressed his
Committes, nor the changes made, if any, j views in favor of railroad centralizing
in the rules for selecting and seating del-| tong before he accepted a retainer from
egates. I cannot, therefore, at this time) president Mellen of New Haven,
express an opinion of the fairness of their | eer emer
plans, There should be 4 readjustment |
of apportionment in such a way as to deal
fairly with all parts of the country and! Man Belleved to Re a Sailor Kills
be an incentive for every Republican to! Himself tu Brons,
ote at elections; aiso a change in the A man who registered at the Mosholu
‘ules or method of selecting and seating! Inn, at 251st street and Brondway, The
delegates to national conventions.” } Bronx, early this morning Killed himself
Representative Campbell Bascgm Slemp| in the cafe of the place by taking poison,
of Virginia, the only Republican member His name was Wibbur Banks and tt Ms
ini takes issue with| 84id that he is a sailor on 4 furlough,
from the Old Dominion, takes issue w th | Banks was accompanied by a woman
the National Committee,

and tried to induce her to take polson
“IT think the apportionment proposition! also. He put a white powder Inthe

should be based on the percentage of the! whiskey that both were drinking and as

” F ‘ | he drank his he sald, “You must die with
total vote plan,” he said, “rather than ne & he woman did not swallow her

Banks col-
immediately. The Coro-
did not hold the

 

TAKES POISON IN A CAFE.

—

 

 

ipon the number of Republican votes. To drink and suffered no injury,
nase additional representation tn national
conventions on the number of votes cust
for Republican candidates in any Con-
sressiona!l district brings up the whole

Continued on Bighth Page.

lapsed almost
ner was called and

woman,

ee

 

Helidaye at Pinehurst
4 1 Beabo:
elven tae

'
Emery

'
re-

supervisory |

intend to lay down any such rule is abun- |

island |

Maine be allowed tu make a very substan- |

Prof. Wyman says he takes this action |

‘DUNN, FOUND GUILTY,
BLAMES THE PUBLIC

‘NEW YORK, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 21

 

who |

|Fogarty and Dunbar Construe-
| tion Compayy Also Con-

!
vieted of Conspiracy.

| SENTENCE ON WEDNESDAY

 

jderome, Attorney for Defence,
Objects to Justice Tomp-
kins’s Charge to Jury.

 

New City, N. ¥., Dec, 20.—Bart Dunn,
Tammany leader of the Kighteenth As-
sembly district, Manhattan; Joseph J.
Fogarty, an inspector for the State High-
| struction Company, of which Dunn is
; president, were found guilty in the Su-
| preme Court here to-day of conspiring to
{defraud the State in constructing a road
tin Rockland county

This is the first conviction resulting
from one of the indictments obtained by
;John A, Hennessy

iam Sulzer.

pat 2:05 2. M. after a deliberation of one
hour and thirty-two minutes

Justice A. S. Tompkins of Nyack an-
nounced that he will pronounce sentence
j next Wednesday morning and he contin-
ued the defendants in their original bail
of $1,000 euch until Monday morning,
When they must appear with new bonds

 

Jin each case

Dann Expects to Win in End.

“L feel that [ arm a victim of improper
road bullding in Rockland county and of
public clamor,” said Dunn after court had
adjourned. “I never felt I] had a chance
in the present state of the public mind in
the community. I have no fear, however,
of the ultimate result on appeal”

William Travers Jerome,

 

who is coun-

Wassiinoton, Dee, 20.—The settiement | decision next Tuesday. that she caught a cold whieh dey eloped
jsel for all the defendants, would not say!hy the Wilson Administration of the! After Sergeant Quinn closed the theatre] Into tuberculosis because the building in
Whether or not he will appeal the case, | threatened prosecution of the Amertcan|on Friday night the police did not expeet) which she worked for one of his tenants
but there is little doubt in view of the qeephone and Telegraph Company and] further resistance from London, but early! was not heated sufficiently.
fact that he took many exceptions to Jus- | statem nts by President Wilson and At-| yesterday afternoon word went to New: | The defendant demurred to the com-
tice Tompkins's rulings during the trial) torney-General MeReynolds reassuring | burger that “The Inside of the White Slave | plaint, maintaining that he was not com-
that he will, In event of an appeal he

will be assisted by Mortimer B. Patter-
son and George Lewis of Nyack, who gave
him valuable aid in working up the case
for the defence.

Mr. Jerome strongly objected to two
points in Justice Tompkins's charge to the
jury, which took up two hours of this
i morning's seasion, The Judge construed
the contract under which he said the road

{rates on the facts are assured, according |} from the Hillburn township line to the)

line intended to
; built and he told the jury that they “must
be bound” by his construction

Mr. Jcrome took exception to this
charge and also to the concluding charge,
| in which Justice Tompkins said>
| “If you find from the evidence that the

defendants guilty, do not hesitate
ito do duty, so that an example

mey be made for the protection of the
j citise ns of New York State.”

Mr contended that the object
of finding the defendants guilty could not
with justice be for the purpose of mak-
ing an example of them

|
| Kasia of Probable Appeal.

Orange county wis

 

are

your

Jerome

 

exceptions, together
he made to the

with those
admission of an

T ese

Whieh

alleged telephone conversation between
Dunn and Supt. Lyneh of the Hligh-
| ways Department at Haverstraw and
to the admission of a letter to Lynch
{signed with Dunn's name, asking Lynch
fto put Mogarty on the road work, will
| form the basis of Mr. Jerome's appeal,
if he makes one,

Justee Tompkins in his eharge had a
| good deal to say about the relations be-
| tween Dunn and Fogarty naa set forth
; in the testimony Hle wanted to know
} What reason Dunn had for asking Lyneh

,to put any special inspector on his road

to the job would be there to represent the
{State and not Qunn, Justice Tompkins
| said,

| The Justice charged the jury that the
ease before them was important and that
the people of New York State were en-
titled to every protection age ‘ust fraud.

The indictment against Dunn, Fogarty

and the Dunbar Construction Company
; Was brought August 15 of this year by
the special Grand Jury, Most of the

| material which furnished the grounds for
; the indictment was gathered by Hennessy,
who camped upon the Ramapo road in

May with Joseph Curran, superintendent
lof maintenance and repairs in the High-
! ways Department; Charles Hilton, a Hav-
‘eretraw engineer, and Henty BP.
| rison, a concrete expert of New York

The engineers, under Mr, Hennessy's
i direction, made holes in the road and
jotted down what they found, They also
collected about fifty bags of samples, the
same bags which were displayed later by
the District Attorney of Rockland county
in the court room,

The jury asked for all the bags after
it had been out twenty-seven minutes
this morning. The experts were the chief
witnesses for the prosecution and their
direct and cross-examination filled up the
major part of the five days trial.

Brother of the Late Sherif,

Kart Dunn, president and treasurer of
the Dunbar Contracting Company, {ts a
brother of Sheriff Thomas Dunn of New
York county, who {@ now dead. He is a
|member of the Democratic state com.
mittee,

The same Grand Jury which brought
‘the indictments against Dunn, Fogarty
‘and the Dunbar Contracting Company
‘brought indictments also against §. Ww,
Whyard of Nyack, the Aetna Contracting
Company, of which Whyard is president,
(and James Boyd, an inspector in the State
| Highways Department.
| It is charged that they conspired to de-

fraud the State in the building of a road

from Spring Valley to Suffern, The case
will le tried at the next term of the
Rockland county Supreme Court in Feb.
\ ruary,

“FLOKIDA & WEST INDIAN LIMITED”

 

apie Cosas I ine, oh 7. 0 Tampa.
yin rou jeeper ae gad '
Fila., with one out » 2 other itd.
| Eki ily. tai B wey made

; Ways Department, and the Dunbar Con- |

While he was special |
‘investigator of State graft for Gov. Will- .

The verdict was brought in by the jury |

Mor- |

 

 

THE SUN TO-DAY

CONSISTS OF SEVEN SECTIONS.
AS FOLLOWS:

Pages
—General News "y 18
—-Sporting 4
—Country Life, Real Estate.
Poultry, Dogs, Gardens.
Financial ‘
~Pictorial Magazine
—Old New York Supplement
—Special Features, Foreign,
SEVENTH—Art,Society,Music,Drama,
Resorts, Fashions, Books,
Queries, Schools ;

FIRST
SECOND
THIRD

FOURTH
FIFTH

SIXTH

Fotal

| ene

Readers or newsdealers who do not receive

all of these sections will confer a favor

on “The Sun" by notifying the Publica-
{ tion Department at once by the phone
(2200 Beekman) and the missing sections
will be promptly forwarded, if possible

WILSON PLANS TO

 

ment After Currency
Bill Passes.

DISTURBED BY CONDITIONS

; Their bail will then be changed to $5,000 |

 

Even Radical Members of Con-
gress Are Subdued by Re-
vorts of Hard Times.

 

the business interests of the country were
favorably received to-day by all factions
jin Congress.

| Even the most radical of the Demo-
in Congress have gradually been
| wetting panicky over the business out-
jlook. They realize that a pertod of de-
pression and hard times probably spells
ruin for Democratic hopes, and political
expediency, lf nothing else, is forcing them
into a subdued and contrite spirit.

The President and his advisers have
| not been free from alarm over the reports
that have been reaching them from many
parts of the country. The President's
letter to Attorney-General
was «a frank effort on his part to allay the
apprehensions that have been upsetting
the business of the country

There is good reason to believe that this
letter by the President to Mr. MeReynolds
is not the only step that Mr. Wilson will
take to assure the country of the Adminis-
tration’s desire to cooperate In
motion of prosperity and development of
big business along legitimate lines,

The President probably will take ad-
vantage of the opportunity afforded by
the final passage of the currency bill to
make a@ statement which will bring fur-
ther assurance to the country of the Ad-
ministration’s constructive purposes,

In the meantime the talk of antl-trust
legislation at this session of Congress is
beginning to lag and {t would not be sur-
prising if the leaders in Congress would
finally decide to push only a
bills, such ag those prohibiting fnterlock-
ing directorates and voting trusts, and
postpone action on a more complete pro-
gramme of anti-trust legislation until the
| next session of Congress.
| The President will outline his pro-

 

| crats

 

be)

}

few

/ Any inspector whe might be appointed | gramme of anti-trust legislation to Con- |

gress about the middle of January, but
no one here doubts now that the tenor of
that message will be conservative.
President Wilson and his advisers be-
lieve that the uncertainty and uneasiness
that have been caused over business con-
{| ditions have resulted chiefly from studied
; efforts and loose statements by calamity
| howlers
|
tions are due in any way to the tariff
legislation, They are confident that with
jthe passage of the currency bill and the
establishment of a more elastic currency
syaiem the clouds on the business horigon
will entirely roll away, and with = the
Administration lending a helpful hand
the country will enter upon a period of
| renewed business activity.

|
'VAIL SAYS MOVE IS BENEFIT.

 

 

Rat Denies Saying It Would End
| All Business Depression,
|} Theodore N. Vail in a talk from his

home in Lyndonville, Vt., yesterday over
ithe long distance telephone with a Sun
| reporter concerning the effect of his com-
pany's agreement with the Government
i upon the company's own affairs and upon
| business in general wae very optimistic,
{hut the president of the American Tele.
{phone and Telegraph Company was not
i ready to admit that he had made some
BWeeping statements along these lines
which were read to him over the tele-
phone.

“When IT am made to say,” said Mr.
Vail after carefully noting what he had

been quoted as saying, “that Our agree- |

ment with the Government ‘means an

jend of the underground rumere of busl-
| ness depression and possible panic,’ or
that it means that ‘all talk of Government
ownership of telegraph and telephone lines
will end for all time’ as a result of our
agreement, 1 wish to gay that T have
made no such sweeping statemente,

“I am confident, however, that any set-
tlement of this sort wherein the Govern-
ment shows how willing it is to take up
in a quiet, sensible, businesslike way the
matters under discussion cannot help but
have a good effect upon business in gen-

 

1913.——Copyright, 1913, by the Sun Printing and Pubsehing Association.

 

UPLIFT BUSINESS|

May Make a Reassuring State-|

Me Reynolds |

the pro- |

minor |

They do not believe the present condi- |

 

Kee

Detailed weather

o

 

 

72 PAGES.

      

POLIO RAID THEATRE, "rm aut
| SEIZE

 

Correction in “Sun's” News,
WASHINGTON, Dec, 20.—A citizen of
Leesburg, Va., called at Tur Sun's office
Office here to-day to ask for u correction
© ae ™ of the despatch published in regard to
Newburger and Dwyer Stop Secretary Bryan's trip to that town. Hae

S . Ne arsked it In Justice to Secretary Bryan
how at Park and At ; and Leesburg.

i rest Four. ; The caller said it was $150 and not

$200 that Mr. Bryan threw off his $509

‘ | charge for having made a speech at Leer- !
FILED

“SLAVE” FILMS

 

 

burg after he had been entertained by the |
city and pressnted with a gold key 4s
a symbol of affection and estesom.

It was therefore $350 and not $300
Mrs. Belmont Defends Pictures| tnat Mr. Bryan collected from the Lecs-

» Dre. burg citizens who had believed they were
| and May Arrange for V ri entertaining him without charge.
vate Views. ile aie

ed | GOULD AUTO DRAWS SPEED FINE.

raided the Park Theatre | bady Decies agd Mother in Car

| again yesterday afternoon, confiscated the When Driver is Arrested. '
films of “The Instde of the White Slave Lady Decies came in contact with the
Traffic,” arrested the house manager and | traffic speed reform on Friday afternon:
four employees and turned 600 grumbling [on Twenty-third atreet, whey, with
| movie patrons out Into the street. }two children and Mrs. George J Gould
| Frederick H. Robinson announced ati and a couple of maids, she was on her
| midnight that an injunction against po-|way to Lakewood

i lice interference had been obtained. Te The Gould chauffeur, Fred Palmer.

| woutd not say what judge signed the in-| ariving the party the Twenty-th,
junction, He said that the show would | street ferry when Motoreyele Polleemn:

/ go on this afternoon, Cassidy noted the speed of the machi
, Deputy Police Commissioner Newbut- | and trailed it to the ferry hous@ where lit
ker, Inspector Dwyer, Sergeant Quinn and | handed Palmer 9 summons.

six plain clothes men stopped the film

$1,050,000 | SUITS

 

 

 

|
{
|
The police

hes

~~

Palmer took the stimmons without
show, but it required the reserves from word, nor did Mrs, Gould or Lady Decies
the West Forty-seventh street station to’ offer any protest. }
soothe indignant citizens, who shouted!  poimer appeared before Magistrate!

that they had been robbed and who were
ually INGSRDUG SGRiIEY tHe FO) ve BNO terday, pleaded guilty and paid a $26
the pileture producers. Quick work Y | ine |
the reserves nipped a riot. |
The Deputy Commissioner and Inspector j
Dwyer are #0 convinced that the white
{slave picture play is a nuisance and an M
offence against decency that they warned or ie Responsible for Health of
|} Samuel G. London, the producer, and Lon- | Tenant’s Employees in Minnesota,
\don's frienda that there would be trouble} S&T, Pavr, Minn,, Dec, 20.-—-That a lund-

Marsh in the Jefferson Market court te

 

MORE TROUBLE FOR LANDLORD. |

Sonar ae !

 

 

jit further attempts were made to give! lord ts Nable for the health of a tens |
jthe show before the courts decided the) ant's employees who become ‘ll through |
controversy, London directed his lawyer, Insufficient heating of a batiding is thel
Abraham H. Gruber, to get an order from | decision of the State Supreme Court i
Supreme Court Justice Gavegan restrain- Nancy B. Glidden, a stenographer, sued

ing the police from interfering with the

W. F. Goodfellow, owner of 2 Minneapolis
|show until Magistrate Murphy gives a! building, for $25,000 wiles!

damages,

 

Traffic’ was running and that people were)
pouring into the Park Theatre. Mr. New-,
burger phoned to Inspector Dwyer, met
the inspector uptown and accompanied him
and his men to the theatre,

to trial.
Five Filme Are Seised.

They got there at 2 P. M. The Deputy WILSON GETS JACKSON'S CANE.

Commissioner and the inspector remained Hickery Stick C
jin the back of the house, standing against |

pelled to protect employees of tenants,
and was upheld by the Hennepin county
court, which was reversed by the State
Supreme Court. The suit will now go

 

arried by Seventh
President When Elected,

a

the wall. The 600 patrons who had paid! } :
a quarter apiece had no notion that they WicHita, Kan, Dec, 20,.—-A_ hickory
were in for some excitement. Sergeant! Walking stick carried by Andrew Jock-

Quinn went up to the operator's loft, where [502 when he was elected President was|
William Harley was running the picture | Sent by parcel post to-day to President
machine. As rapidly Harley finished | Wilson as a Christmas present from Levi

 

ar

 

  

 

ep ee

| BRYAN REBATE $160, NOT $200. HUERTA TO LAY

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Rain or snow to-day; fair and colder

to-morrow. “
reports will be found on page 17.

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

NORTH WASTE

Orders Destruction of All
Towns Held by Villa's
Rebels.

GEN. MERCADO RETIRED

 

Salazar to Command Column
in Advanee on Chi-
lula,

ARMY READY TO NPTART

Will) Maret
From Ojinaga—Juares

on State Capital

Not Threatened,

 

«THE ASSASSIN HUERTA
TREMBLES,” SAYS VILLA

Following {s 9 translation of part
of ui letter just rereived hy the
widew of the slain President of
Mexico, Francisco 1. Madero, from
Gen. Francisco ¢Pancho") Villa.
the rehel leader. The letter is dated
Ciudad Juarez, November 28, 19138.
It says:

“The same Francisco Villa who
accompanied your husband during
those glorious days of strife which
saw the ene of the opprobrious rule ,
of Diaz: the same Francisco Villa
who was subjected to punishment
and persecution for having per-
formed his duty, this Francisco |
Villa is the man who, in unison with
# phalanx of heroes, headed by Don
Venustiano Carranza, is now making
the assassin Huerta tremble and will |
end forever in our history disloyalty
and crime.

“The vietorious forces of the
people are pursuing their march to
the interior of the republic. Very |
soon the standard of freedom will
float proudly over the National Pal- |
ace of Mexico. When that day |
comes it will be an honorable duty
on my part to accompany you and
all your family on your return to
the fatherland which treason and |
murder forced you to flee.

 

. ta aie Signed) ‘Francisco Villa.” |
jwith a wheel of film Quinn seized It. The| W. Ludlum of this city (Sign att ioteasiahieibiaelran a
}show ts divided into five parts and Quinn Andrew Jackson gave the stick to Bar- | oo" —/
lhad five film wheels In his arms when|ney Fox, his neighbor in Tennessee te Paso, Tex, Dec. 20.—Complete de-
he returned to the main floor. Later Fox gave it to Ludlum with the] crruction of northern Mexico to render
Then the plain clothes men went to| understanding that when Ludlum got too ‘ untenable for Pancho Villa and: other
} . ] as apart y c ’ s +
work, They arrested Henry C. Bohn,|old to “go out mu h he an yuld present Panola Haw Daan ach rlehed cL enOIBlOhal
manager of the theatre, who lives at the {It to a Democratic Presiden \ ; as
ist Paul Hotel; Max Frick of 4585 Park ----—— } President Victoriano Huerta, and his army
avenue, The Bronx; Benjamin Nussbaum, | Flour to President Too, now at Ojinaga ia to carry out the or
a ticket taker, who Iives at 173) West SHARON, Pa. Dev ders Villages are to be laid waste,
{Twenty-fifth street; Miss Frances Plerce, farms swept off the map and desolation
ja ticket seller, of 116 West Fifteenth }of buckwheat flour containing fifty pounds | wil be left the trail of the Federal

istreet, and William Harley, the operator,
jot 1771 East Fourteenth street, Brooklyn.
|The young woman was permitted to walk

each sent to President Wilson and mem-
bers of Congress yesterday

It has been his practice each year since
jto the West Forty-seventh street station, | he was elected to the Senate to send a bag
jbut the men were taken in @ patrol wagon,
} Confusion began immediately after the
larrests, The theatre was dark for fifteen |
j minutes. Then the police ordered every: |
{body out. Volces rose:

“It's a swindle.” “We've only seen al HETCH HETCHY REPEAL BILL.

of the show.” “Give us our money back.” |

to the
Congress

of Mercer county buckwheat flour
President and his friends in
“the most welcome present he ean give

 

20.—United States

Senator Oliver of this eity had 155 bags
|

}

'

 

|
'
'

Peace came only when London's) Works Introduces It and Denounces
representative announced that 9 anv- | Water Scheme's Lobby,
| body who wanted his money back could £0 -~The

Wa@HINoToN, Dec most in|
it. A line was formed and nearly giqjous and powerful lobby which ever!
500 quarters were returned |

| have

| appeared in Washington was that which |
Calle It Police Tyranny, | pushed the passave of the Heteh Hetehy

'

Frederick H. Robinson, president of the| Dill, said Senator Works of California |
Sociological Fund of the Medical Review | to-day tn introducing a bill to repeal that
|

|

lof Reviews, was present during the raid | measure

and accompanied the prisoners to the sta- |
tion house

The bill was passed this mouth aid wa
| nigned by the President this
| Mr. Robinson displayed a letter from| grants the right to San Francisco to use}
Mrs. Belmont in which she said that she! the Hetch Hetehy Valley
| heartily indorsed the educational purpose | tional Park as a water supply.

Na-

of the picture play and assured Mr. ao | Works said he was offering the repeal-
ing measure so soon because of the ques-

\

5 } te
Ween ‘

in Yosemite

inson of her continued interest. There
| was a hint also that Mrs. Belmont had | ¢ionable methods used in the passage of
manned to give private exhibitions of the! the pill and because it was not true that
white slave pictures. there was no other supply of water for

Tho five persons arrested were released San Francisco and th
jin bonds of $500 each for examination |
; this morning at 9 o'clock,

|

| Saltese for $1,050,000 Filed,

Sults aggregating $1,050,000 have been
started against the persons responsible for
| the pictures, Five sults to recover $100,-
| 000 each have been brought in the name
| of Solomon Hechter, keeper of a cafe at
| 76 Second avenue, and a eimilar 7

at there would be
enough water for the irrigationists.

He was especially severe on the activ-
ities of a San Francisco newspaper, de-
claring that the special editions of that
paper, published {in Washington, have
been full of misstatements intended to
deceive Senators into voting for the bill,

 

 

 

against the same persons by Hechter’s
wife, Nettie.

Hechter eald last night that he gave
permission to take moving pictures in his
cafe with the understanding that the films

were to show a Hungarian wedding in
| progress,

The defendants named by Mr. and Mra.
| Hechter are Samuel H. London, the So-

clological Film Corporation, the Moral
| Features Film Company, Leo C. Teller,
manager of the Broadway Theatre,
' Brooklyn, and McKee & Harris, proprie-
tors of the Park Theatre,

Papers have been prepared in a suit
instituted by August G@. Merle & Co,,
| manufacturers of women's and infants’
headwear in Weat Seventeenth atreet,
| against the producers of the films to
| recover $50,000 damages. They will be
served to-morrow. This suit is based
(on the claim that the concern’s place has
| been made to represent the meeting place
ee white slave agent and a factory

Up to the time that the Park Theatre
ordinarily closes no injunction had been
| granted,

;_ A crowd apniled for admission to the

7:80 o'clock show, but no tickets were

CRAZY MAN'S LOVE HAS VALUE.

Court So Decides {n Mere, Einstein's
Alfenation Suft,

Supreme Court Justice Lehman decided
yesterday that a wife is entitled to the
comfort and society of her huesband even
if he ts of unsound mind, and accordingly
rejected defences made by Jullus Ein-
stein, a wealthy leather manufacturer,
and his son Monroe for allenating tho
affections of Arthur Minstetn, son and
former business associate of Julius Fin-
atein. Arthur is now in a

 

The defendants contended that an in-
sane man had no affections which could
be alienated. The court ruled that the
fact that pluintiff’s husband was of un-
sound mind would not prevent a recovery
because “no person has a right by
wrongful means to alienate the affections
of a spouse of even unsound mind.”

The court said that while the wife
would probably suffer less damages than
if her husband was of sound mind she is
entitled to such comfort and soclety ag
her husband can give her.

 

sold, It was explained that the pictures AIKEN—AUGUSTA—FLORIDA
eral,” might be seen at 8:15. At that hour it| Lv, New York 12:08 F. M. dally via P.R. R.
gAnd what effect,” Mr. Vall was asked, | WAS suggested that perhaps the show | t¢ SOUTHERN RAILWAY. | Southeastern
would On at 9 o'clock. Just before girl as "service.  N. oy “Ontice, 3 ‘
Continued on Ninth Page, |* the ifgnes were turned out, Wis “Sve., cor a0th 61.—Adv, :
Meow iis heetae adacnitibbei nt . Sillae vinkashte tore ' Tt te

i
|
the campaign, cutting the rebels off from
sanitarium | Juarcz and Chihuahua,
and has been adjudged Incompetent. Salazar is familar with the country

ame nate

in
army sinilar to that which marked the

campaign against southern

Zapata in

Mexico « few months ovo

The Mormon colonies in the vicinity of
Casas Grandes are to be particular merke
for the

Inez

destruction that is to be carried
General
during the Orozco
revolution, destroyed much of the Mor
to flee
to the United States, is to command the
Federal column.

Gen, Salavador

on Salazar, the socialist

Who two years ugo,

mons’ property and forced them

Mereado,
in’ Chihuahua,

Fed
has been

Supreme
eral Commander
to be recalled to Mexice

ignored and is

city because he evacuated Chihuahua and

fled to the border,

Will Not Attack Juarez.
S.dagar's orders, according to informa-
tion gathered by United States officera,
are to march from Ojfinaga to Casas

Grandes and the Mormon colonies, sweep-
ing a path twenty miles wide for the en-
tire distance

Juarez {s not be attacked at this
time, the campaign being primarily in-
tended to mako northern Chihuahua un
tenable for Villa. While this campaign
of extermination its in progress Orosco
is to proceed up the Conches River from
Ojinaga, through Cuchilo Parado to Santa
Rosalia, south of Chihuahua, where a
junction will be formed with Velasco and
Rubio Navarette from Torreon. The com-
bined army is then to attack Chihuahua
elty.

Salazar’s march to the Mormon volontes
is expected to start within the next three
days. It will follow along the Mexican
side of the Rio Grande for a short dis-
tance and swing southward, crossing the
Mexican Central at Villa Ahumada and
the Mexican ‘Northwestern at Casas
Grandes,

be

Rebels to Be Executed,

Roth railroads are to be destroyed as
they are crossed, according to the plan of

of western Chihuahua, as he operated
there during the Orozco revolution. He
{a most hated by the Mormons and the
orders ho hag received to exterminate the
colonies, burn all houses, barns, stores
and other buildings are said to have been
{ssued to please him, Everything that
can ve burned is to be destroyed, Al!
forage, grain, food and other supplies not
needed by the column are to be destroyed
and all houses, barns and outbultétngs
farming implements and = machiner)
burned.

All men found in the path of Salazar's

umn are to be impressed into service
og shot and the women and children left

All rebels found

to ehift for themselves.

nee lta