“VOL LXXIV.—NO. 300,

eS ar

WRIT TO PROHIBIT RRCOUWT

APPELLATE DIVISION'TO PASSION |

VALIDITY OF THE LAW.
No Matter How It: Decides, That Question
Can Be Taken to Highest Court—Cal-

 
 

 

cwation That It Would Take Fiftecn
Months to Settle Breoklyn Recount.

The proceedinga instituted by William
R. Hearst for the reopening. of the ballot
boxes used in the Mayoralty contest of
November 7, 1005, under themew recount
law got a setback yesterdty'when Justice
Jenks. presiding Justice of the Appellate
Division, Second Department, granted a
writ prohibiting further actionin the matter
in the Supreme Court of that: department.
The writ was granted upon the joint peti-
tion of George B. McClellan as a citizen
and a taxpayer, Herman A. Metz, the
Comptroller, and John T. Dooling, the
president of the Board of Elections which
issued to Mayor McClellan his certificate

of election

Hearst, through his attorney, Clarence
J. Shearn, was juet cbout to apply for an
order for permission to open the ballot
boxes in Kings and Richmond when the
writ wasissued by Justice Jenks. It stops
all proceedings under the law in those
counties until the constitutionality of the
recount lawy shall have been passed upon.
The order is made returnable to-morrow
hefore the Appellate Division in Brooklyn,
when the constitutionality of the law will
be argued. No matter what ths decision
is it will be carried to the Court of Appeais
and perhaps to the United States Supreme
Court. So in any event it will be months
sefore the counting of the ballots can go
op under this law. Inthe meantime Hearst
can. if héhooses, go on with the quo war-
ranto proceedings provided by the old
statutes.

The application for the writ was made
vesterday on the ground that the taxpayers
and voters would be oppressed if the re-
count under the new jaw was allowed to
proceed and the petitioners declared that
adequate relief could be obtained only
through a writ-of prohibition. The Mayor
appeared through hie personal counsel,
Eugene Lamb Richards, and Comptroller
Meteg and President Dooling were repre-
sented by the:Corporation Counsel.

The Mayor in his affidavit says he is
advised that the law is unconstitutional,
void and contrary to public policy; that it
deprives the citizen of his right to trial by
jury,and that it takes his property without
due process of law, thereby violating both
the Constitution of the State and the Con-
stitution of the United States; that the
passage of the law was not within the legis-
lative powers vested in the Senate and
Aseembly,.and that it is unconstitutional
because it grants in a local or private bill

exclusive privileges to unsuccessful candi-
dates for Mayor in cities of the firet class
and also delegates the taxing power by
providing that the expenses of the recount
shall be in the form of a tax on the people
of New York city, but leaves it to the dis-
cretion of the candidate or candidates as
to how much shall be spent.

The Mayor also declares that the measure
limits the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
by requiring candidates to present petitions
for recount to the Justices of the Supreme
Court of the judicial district or district in
which the election takes place. It also, he
declares, imposes non-judicia] functions
upon the Supreme Court and abridges the
jurisdiction of that body in the quo war-
ranto proceedings now pending to try the
title to office of the Mayor.

The law applies only to cities of the first
class, which are New York and Buffalo, and
the bill was not submitted to the Mayor of
Rutalo, where, anyway, ballot machines
are used and there are no ballots to recount.

in his affidavit Mr. Richards says that it
would take fully sixty days just to get the
ballots in Kings and Richmond before the
court for canvass. To canvass 80,000 bal-
lots in those two counties, Mr. Richards
‘leclares, would take a single Supreme
Court Justice sixty monthsor five years, or
ten justices six months, laboring continu-
ously and devoting their entire time to the
task to the exclusion of all other work. |
Moreover, the law provides that the pro-
ceeding takes precedence over all other
tusiness of the court, so that if the canvass
were to begin on September 1 next it would
ceeupy the exclusive attention of ten jus-
tices of the Supreme Court until March 1,
1908. Besides that appeals to the Appellate
Division would certainly involve at least
20,00 of the ballots. He further declares
(hat it would take the Appellate Division
“ix months to canvass 8,000 ballote and that
t would take a further period of fifteen
months to canvass the whole 20,000 ballote
on appeal provided that the court remained
in continuous session and excluded all other
) usiness.

The affidavit of the Comptroller followed
closely the line of objections made by Col.
MeClellan, and that of President Dooling
was a purely formal document.

Mr. Shearn refused last evening to dis-
cuss the writ and said that what he had to
say about it would be said in court. He
had arranged to apply to a Supreme Court
Justios in this district to-day for permission

© make the canvass in New York county,
and he said he had no doubt that the routine
proceeding would go on as planned. The
whole matter, however, he eaid, would
hinge on the decision in the case of the writ.

|
|

 

{LIEN BABY UNDER ESCORT.

Mies Marshall, a Norse, Bronght It Over
on the Oceanic.

Mies Spencer Marshall, a firet cabin pas-
senger aboard the White Star liner Oceanic,
in yesterday from Southampton, Cherbourg
and Queenstown, was listed as a professional!
nurse, She came over simply to help an
alien infant into ths country. She refused
'9 give the name of the baby or tell where
she was taking it, It was learned that its
mother isan American woman and ite father
an Englishman, and that it was bound to its
mother's temporary home in Park avenue.
Other pesesripers by the Ooeanic were
Thomas J. O'Brien, the new American Am-
hassador to Japan, who was until recently
\linister to Denmark; Col. and Mrs, Ceorge
Harvey, Countess Laugiers Villars, Samuel

 

Lippincott, Eugene E. Mapes, John
pempden Robb and Mr. and Mrs. Harman
Ca

 

New York Central Lines
. Fourth of July Excursions.
, he are Falls, Thousand Islands, Adirondack Moun.
sins and Green Mountains, One fare plus $1.00
ei round trip. See agente for particulars. —

 

 

After all, USHER'S the Sooteh
‘bet made the highball famous.—Ade.

   

 

—

HUNTING LAWSON; WANTS 85,000.

Broker Who Won the “Reward’' Can't Get
at the Novelist.

Van Cline Holmes, the Consolidated
Exchange broker who exposed the fallacy
of the stock market theory propounded
by Thomas W. Lawson in his novel, has
been hot on the Boston man's trail ever
since Lawson landed from Europe last
week. Holmes wants the $5,000 that Law-
son offered as a reward. THE SUN told a
ehort time ago of the fruitless efforts that
the broker had made to get the reward
from Lawson's representatives. That was
so discouraging that Holmes decided to
wait until the novelist himself got home,

But he hasn't met with much more success
in his pursuit of Thomas W. He has been
pretty close to him several times, but never
within speaking distance. Yesterday,
for instance, he got up tothe door of Mr.
Lawson’® room in the Waldorf, but then
the author's secretary interrupted him
and said that Mr. Lawson:couldn't possibly
see him. Holmes has been hanging around
the corridors of the Waldorf until his legs
ache, he says, but Lawson always seems
to be able to get out the back way.

Holmes read in the papers that Lawson
had entered the market again end he hustled
around to the Boston man's brokers in this
city. It was really exasperating, Holmes
says, to think that the author'was plunging
in the marlet, probably using that $5,000.
If there is any plunging to(be done with
that Holmes wants to do itthimself. At
the brokers’ offices he was:told that he
couldn't see Mr. Lawson. He says he
proposes to have all the Boston trains
watched and put this rewardtmatter squarely
up to Lawson if it costs him $4,000 to clo it.

 

 

NEW $10 GOLD CERTIFICATES,

Bankers in Every Part of'the Country to Be
Provided With Thermon July 1.

Wasurncton, June 26.—The Treasury
Department is preparing}to provide bank-
ers in every part of the wountry with the
new $10 gold certificates:on July 1, the be-
ginning of the fiscal year. The new certifi-
cates, which are the first. gold notes of a
denomination less than $20, were issued
under authority of the Aldrich act/in order
to supply the demand for more currency
of ama]! denomination. Number 4 of the
new issue was presented to Assistant Sec-
retary Reynolds of the Treasury Depart-
ment to-day in exchange for other good
and lawful money.

Like the $20 gold certificate, the back of
the new note is printed in orange ink and
there is some of the same color on the face
of the bill. The face bears a finely wrought
picture of Michael Hillegas, first Treasurer
of the United States.

RECORD PRICE FOR U. 8S. COIN,

A Dollar of the 1804 Mintage Brings
$3,600 at Philadelphia Sale.

PHILADELPHIA, June 26.—The highest
price ever paid for an American coin of
regular issue, $3,600, was given to-
day for the 1804 dollar at the second
sale of the Stickner collection,
and this coin once more regains its title
of the “King of American Coins,” of which
it was deprived last year when $2,165 was
paid for an 1822 half eagle. The same
unknown buyer who got the New York
doubloon yesterday, thought to be a well
known Philadelphia collector, also got the
rare dollar.

Mr, Stickner got the 1904 dollar in 1843
and it was the first 1804 dollar to come into
He got it from a mint official in
exchange for other coins. He always con-
sidered it and the Brasher doubloon his
greatest numismatic treasures.

The second highest figure of to-day’s
sale was $2,000, paid by S, H. Chapman
of this city for the 1815 half eagle, which is
also a high record.

A 1798 eagle brought $125. Half eagles
brought the following prices: 1797, $250;
1819, $500; 1821, $200; 1824, $120; 1827, $350;
1828, $860; i820, small date, $38,
1831, $55. A rare quarter eagle of 1797
brought $200, another of 1826, $165; 1834,
with motto, $320, a new record.

A very rare Colonial cent of 1785, known
“Inimica Tyrannis Americana,”
made a record beyond its best previous
price, being bid in by Henry Chapman for
$800. A unique cent of New Jersey, show-
ing an eagle on the obverse instead of the
customary horse’s head, brought $700.

REPORTS ON TEACHERS LOBRY.,

Volumes of Remarks About Trips to Albany
Laid Before Board of Education,

An enormous mass of written reports
was laid before the meeting of the Board
of Education yesterday relating to the
teachers going to Albany to lobby for the
White salary bill, which was afterward
vetoed by Gov. Hughes. The reports had
been made out by school principals and
superintendents at the order of the haerd,
and it took a whole lot of paper to tell the
why and wherefore.

n strong arm clerk carried the load of

apers to the desk of President Winthrop.

e president had to stand on tiptoe to get
a view of the meeting over the mountain,
Then the secretary said:

“I don't see any list of names of the
teachers that went to Albany, as the reso-
Jution called for.” . 1

“The names are in the reports,” explained
City Superintendent Maxwell.

“Gracious! It'll take a week to go
through that heap,” remarked a member.

On motion of Mr. Wilbur a special com-
mittee was appointed to investigate the
absence of the teachers from their schools,
and the masse of reports was turned over
to this committee with instructions to make
@ report as soon as possible. ;

Another committee was appointed to
make an investigation of reports that the
teachers had raised a fund to be used in
fighting for the White bill.

t is not likely that any teacher will be
punished for going to Albany. It is said
that there is nothing in the by-laws of the
Board of Education covering that matter,
but there will be something there before
next year, when it is expected the teachers
will try again, The board proposes to take
time by the forelock, and by the time the
Legislature meets again in regular session
no teacher may go to Albany to lobby with-
out mission of the , and there will
be some difficulty in getting the permission.

STRAUS TO VISIT PACIFIC COAST,

e -_
Will Inquire Into Situation on Japanese
Immigration.

WasHrnaton, June 26.—Osocar 8. Straus,
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, will
leave here on Saturday on a trip which will
consume two months and embrace the Ca-
nadian and Maine borders, the Pacific Coast
and Hawaii. It is understood that
tary Straus will inquire particularly into the
situation on the Pacific Coast in its bearing
upon Japanese immigration and report the
facts to the President. He will go first to
Montreal and then proceed to the Coast

 

 

and one of

 

through Cansda, arriving at San Francisoo
about the middie of July. Mr. Straus will
spend some days in that city and ££ hence

the return trip from Ban

Honolulu.
Frapeieve he will take the Southern route.

een ae a = he

 

4 TRACK MONORAILTO NEWARK

BACKED BY THREE RAPID TRAN-
SIT COMMISSIONERS,

 

 

John H. Starin, Weotibury Langdon, Charies
Stewart Smith and Other Capitalists
Propose to Run Trains at Least @nce In
10 Minutes at 60 to 100 Mites an Hour.

| John H. Starin, Woodbury Langdon and
| Charles Stewart Smith, all members of
j the expiring Rapid Transit Commission,
are backing a four track elevated mono-
rail road between Jersey City and Newark.
Within a few days announcement will be
made of the formation of a company,
having behind it these and other capitalists,
for the financing of the project. A franchise
will be applied for under the State franchise
laws of New Jersey, which will do away
with the delay of waiting for the sanction
of the municipal authorities of Jersey City
and Newark.

Mr. Starin spoke with some enthusiasm
yesterday of the advantages of the mono-
rail system, although as members of the
Rapid Transit Commission he and Mr.
Langdon and Mr, Smith have helped to
hold up the Behr monorail franchise to
operate between . Brooklyn and Coney
Island. The Jersey rong will be built under
another patent. It is proposed to run
trains at intervals of not more than ten
minutes from sixty to a hundred miles an
hour and to charge a three cent fare be-
tween Jersey City and Newark and a five
cent fare between this city and Newark.
How the company intends to get into
New York has not been determined. Efforts
are to be made to bring about a working
agreement with the McAdoo tunnel system.
Although the new company would be a
competitor of the McAdoo company for
the Newark-Jersey City traffic the pro-
moters of the new company believe that
there will be no difficulty in making trans-
fer arrangements at Jersey City with the
McAdoo roads for the reason that the
McAdoo company has already made similar
working agreements with the Erie Rail-
road and the Public Service Corporation.
But if it should be found impossible to
arrange to traneship its paseengers through
the McAdoo tunnels a ferry service will
be established.

The type of monorail to be used is the
one now being exhibited at Jamestown.
It is the invention of Howard H. Tunis, a
civil engineer of Baltimore. A contract
has already been made by the promoters
of the company with Mr. Tunis for the use
of his system. The American monorail,
as it is called, was described yesterday
by one of those connected with the new com-
pany as being a car forty-seven feet long,
six feet wide and tapering at each end,
60 as the more easily to cut its way through
the air at high speed. The car is sup-
ported on two trucks of two wheels each,
arranged tandem, flanged on each side
and running on a single rail. The car being
light, and its weight principally at the
bottom, it tends naturally to support iteelf
in an upright position, but is held securely
in that position by what is called the equi-
librium device, arranged on top of the car,
which is a combination of trolley pole and
overhead support. The car is equipped

with eight motors.

When the heads of the scheme make
their public announcement it will be prom-
ised that there shall never be any over-
capitalization and that the company will be
so officered and managed as to insure a
continuance of satisfactory and harmonious
relations between the railroad and the
public on the one hand and ite employees
on the other. An attempt will be mace to
do away with straphangers, it having
been concluded that the great speed of the
trains and the fraquency of the service will
make this possible.

John H. Starin said last night:

“An average speed of from 60 to 100 miles
an hour for passenger trains ought to satisfy
even this hurrying age, and if it doesn't
the speed can easily be pushed up to even a
higher average. Asan owner of transporta-
tion lines, the thing which appeals to me in
this new system is ite striking commercial
advantages. It can be built almost any-
where—in a narrow city street, because it
is narrow and has only one rail, thus taking
up very little room; through rough and in-
accessible country, because it is master of
the hard problem of grades—and wherever
built it can be done cheaply, in comparison
with the great cost of the present steam or
even trolley railroad. Take, for instance,
the three track steel elevated viaduct struc-
ture which New York has constructed in The
Bronx borough an as extension of its sub-
way system. It cost the great sum of
$750,000 a mile. The American monorail
structure can be built, four tracked, for
$75,000 a mile, elevated, and it can be main-
taind and operated with equal economy
and far greater efficiency.

“In a word, it seems to me that this isthe
coming thing, and I am pleased that I have

been able, before laying down for good my

work as a Rapid Transit Commissioner, to
be instrumental, even as I say, in a small
way, in making it known to the world.”

 

BAGGAGE THIEVES CAUGHT,

One Had a Baggage Man's Metal Hat Tag
—Loot Recevered.

The Pennsylvania Railroad has been
getting complaints from travellers who said
their hand baggage had been stolen. George
Spencer and George H. Vallely, the road's
detectives, with Lieut. Summers from the
Centra! Office, who have been at the Twenty-
third street ferry for five or six days, spotted
two men yesterday who seemed to be ab-
normally interested in the contents of the
baggage room. They followed the pair
to Jersey City, watched them emg, Bed the
stuff in the station there and got fective
Larkin of the Jersey City police to arrest
them on suspicion.

Tast night the suspects got the third
degree and the police say they owned up.
John Palton, alias Sam Zuoca, and Thomas
J. McCarter, alias John Christie, were the
gave. Some of the loot, thev
eaid, could be found in their room at #0
Third avenue. At that address the police
found a trunk crammed with good clothes,
a suit case, a valiee and a metal hat tag
reading “Baggage Man, New York Trans-
fer Company.” As a secondhand shop
at Fortieth street and Third avenue, to
which the prisoners directed the detectives,
three more valises and two bags turned up.
Pyne was found a pearl and

brooch which had been rted

missing from the kit of C. M, Merrill, said
to be District Attornev at Toledo, hio.

The silver tag from Merri'l's bag was in
| the possession of Zuoca.

| "The Block Island service of the Montauk Seem :

 

names they

In a
diamon

 

| a steamer ‘Sainrecosh: pelivesve N.Y. oe Dupe: were ene ndaye. te
| Ties: Fa tirana Ru yee oe ff pected lover Vaiier pout,

turdays and July 84 ati j

|

BODY FALLS INTO A CAR.

Police Think Man Killed in an Odd Way
the Briiige Committed 6uicide.

While trolley car 2790 was speeding over
the Brooklyn Bridge toward Manhattan
at 9:30 o'clock Jast night a man's body
shot through the second window from
the rear of the car and fell in the aisle.
Six passengers in the car were badly
frightened and the conductor after &
short examination saw that the man was
dead,

Where the body came from is a mystery.

Patrick Ascher, the motorrhan, says the
front of the car didn't strike the man.
The bridge police think that the man at-
tempted to commit suicide by throwing
himself from the promenade above into
the roadway in front of the car.

The police figure that the man misjudged
the speed of the car, which was going at a
lively rate, and landed against the side,
falling through an open window. An
examination of the body showed that the
ribs were crushed in on the right side and
there was evidence that the man had been
badly crushed internally.

The dead man was about 80 years old,
5 feet 8 inches in height, weighed 145 pounds,
had dark hair, blue eyes and two upper
teeth were capped with gold. He wore a
black sack suit, white flannel negligee shirt
and black shoes. His hat was nowhere to
be found. In the pockets were found two
keys, a cheap watch, 46 cents and several
cards, among which was one reading: “J.
Nelson, 788 Third avenue, Brooklyn.”

The police found a man named Nelson
at that address. He said he had a brother
John answering the description that the
police had of the dead man and went to
the Morgue to view the body.

The place where the man's body shot
through the car window {ie half way be-
tween the Brooklyn tower and the anchor-
age on the other side of the bridg>.

 

 

NO CONTRABAND OF WAR.

Hague Conference Startled by England
Giving Up Old Contention.
Special Cable Despatches to TRE SUN

Lonpon. June 27.—The Hague corres-
pondent of the Daily Ma‘l says that some
sensation has been caused by a report that
Great Britain is prepared to abandon the
principle of contraband of war. This de-
parture from the British attitude at the
last conference is ascribed first to the im-
possibility of defining contraband; second,
to the danger of enforcing the right of
search; and third, to the changed conditions
of land transport. The fact that Great
Britain proposes to introduce the subject
may be taken as proof that it is supported
by some of the Great Powers.

The Times's Hague correepondent confirms
the report that Great Britain has submitted
to the peace conference a proposal to abolish
contraband of war.

Tur Haaur, June 26 —The Italian delega-
tion to the peace conference officially de-
nies intervening in any manner in thewase of
Gen. Ferrara of the Cuban delegation, who
has resigned. According to report, Italy
protested to some of the Powers against
Gen. Ferrara's presence at the conference
on the ground that he was an anarchist.

VOTE AGAINST THE PEERS.

 

 

 

 

of Commons Adopts Bannerman
Resolution —Laborites Beaten.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sun,

Lonpon, June 26.—After rejecting a
Labor amendment to the Prime Minister's
resolution for the curtailment of the power
of the House of Lords by a vote of 315 to 100
the Heuse of Commons by a vote of 432
to 147 adopted the original resolution amid
the enthusiastic cheers of the Ministerialists.

Herbert Asquith, Chancellor of the
Exchequer, who wound up the debate
for the Government, declared himself a
reluctant convert to the Premier's method
of dealing with the problem. He had
once, he said, coquetted with a referendum
acheme and had hoped for a constitutional
modus vivendi between the two houses,
such eas obtained under the leadership of
the Duke of Wellington, but fhe experience
of recent years showed that the hope was
not attainable.

The House of Lords had ceased to hold
the position of a dispassionate, unprejudiced
umpire. The peers had fallen into the
hands of guides outside their chamber,
who had degraded them from their posi-
tion of a revising authority into an instru-
ment of a single party. The situation
had become dangerous and intolerable.
By decisively adopting the resolution they
would have taken the first and longest step
toward the emancipation of the people.

House

 

POLICE CAPTAIN DIDN'T KNOW,

Evans, 20 Years a Cop, Tells Magistrate
Crap Shooters Use Three Dice.

Police Captain Evans of the. Herbert
street station, Williamsburg, was called be-
fore Magistrate O'Reilly in the Manhattan
avenue police court yesterday as a witness
for the prosecution in the case of Tony
Severo, a young Italian who with others
had been arrested for shooting craps.
In the course of the captain's cross-ex-
amination by Severo's attorney the latter
asked Capt. Evans to define what con-
stitutes crap shooting.

et, said the captain, “you take
three dice, shake them and then toss them
on the ground.”

“Why, said Magistrate orRey,
surprised at you, Capt. Evans.
have you been on the force?”

“Twenty years,” was the re 34

“Don't you know,” continued the Magic.
trate, “that you have only two dice? I
wish that I could recommend to the Civil
Service Commissioners that in future ex-
aminations of applicants for the police
department questions relating to crap
shooting be inserted in the papers.”

The case against Severo was dismissed.

“T am
w long

 

TEXAS TO BE DRY TEN DAYS,

Saioon Men Agree to Take a Vacation
Under New Law.

Austin, Tex., June 26.—Prohibition will
prevail in Texas for a period of ten days
beginning July 11.

The new liquor law passed by the last
Legislature provides that all saloon licenses
expire on July 12 and that a period of ten
io twenty days must elanse before the
application for a new license can be acted
upon.

No saloon can remain open during this

riod. The saloon men throughout the

tate have a to take a vacation for
ten days while their applications for new
licenses are pending.

-_——

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived:JSs Smolensk, from Libau, June 10,

Latest by Marcon! Wireless

Moltke, for New York, was 240 miles southesst
of Sable Island at 6:30 P. M. yesterday.’

te Fare Iver, oe.
are en ea

lel
6.
Sunapte resorts. —

 

 

  
 

Cee] ee Td

TWO KILLED BY LIGHTNING

 

MAN AND GIRL HIT BY BOLTS AT
DIFFERENT PLACES.

 

A Westehester Tornade Takes Away Dan
Quinn's Barn~Two Churches Fit tn
This City—Queer Accident te Boy in
Brookiyn—Bhowers Cooied the Air.

There was a series of thunderstorms
in this city and vicinity yesterday in which
two lives were lost and some damage done,
A tan was instantly killed by a bolt in
Brooklyn in the storm which occurred
last evening, and a young girl met her
death while seeking refuge under a tree
neer Orange, N. J.

The girl was Rose Mary McKenna, the
eleven-year-old daughter of Deputy In-
ternal Revenue Collector James P. McKenna
of 202 Fourteenth avenue.

The child was a member of a picnic party
that left Newark early in the day in charge
of John A. McKenna, an uncle of the girl.
While they were playing in a grove at
Union, near East Orange, an electrical
storm came up, and before Rose could
@eek shelter she was hit by a bolt. Her
uncle and companions hastened to her
side only to find her dead. The body was
removed to an adjacent farmhouse and
subsequently taken to the parents’ home
in Newark.

The man killed in Brooklyn was John
Lawless, 50 years old, of 46 Court street.
Lawless was working at the foot of Sixth
street aboard a canalboat belonging to the
Brooklyn Union Gas Company. When
the storm broke over that section most
of the men sought shelter from the elec-
trical manifestation that played about the
metal work and rigging, but Lawless failed
to take this precaution. After he was
struck his body was removed to shelter
by members of the crew that had witnessed
the accident and an ambulance was sum-
moned. Dr. Doyle of the Long Island
College Hospital responded, but was un-
able to do anything for the victim of the
bolt. The body was removed to the Court
street address.

Another accident of a peculiar nature
befell six-year-old William Taylor, who re-
sides with his parents at 64 Franklin avenue
when he isn’t playing in the sand with his
gang around the corner of Flushing ave-
nue. He was playing in the sand pile at
the time of the storm last night and he
didn't scamper home as soon as it began to
rain. So the sand became saturated while
little Billy made frog houses. It was in
prime condition for tranemitting electricity
when a bolt of lightning struck the iron
pole around which it is heaped.

Most of the boys received shocks of more
or leas intensity, but little Billy Taylor
is the only one who can show real scars
for his experience. His body is pitted
with little black marke and his hands and
face are severely burned. But for the
presence of the wires that are strung on the
pole and dissipated the shock the bolt
undoubetdly would have killed little
Billy and probably two or three of his
companions. Dr. Dangler of the Williams-
burg Hospital attended the little fellcw
and declared that the accident was one
of the strangest in his experience. He
took the boy to his homein the ambulance.

At several points in Westchester county
in the afternoon the thunderstorm took on
the nature of a small tornado, It was
especially severe near Valhalla, where it
blew down trees and small barns for a space
of nearly a mile south of the villege. Many
of the trees were big apple and locust trees,
some of which were pulled up by the roots.
A harn owned by Justice of the Peaoe Daniel
W. Quinn was one of those to go. A section
of the roof was carried
away.

SL SSS SSS

half an hour and before it broke the skies
were 60 black that persons living in the hills
ran to the valley for safety. It was ac-
companied by a heavy rain.

was done in the neighborhood of Elmsford.
between White Plains and Tarrytown. The
wires of the Union Railway Company were
blown down for a considerable distance
and many street cars were held up. Tele-
phone wires also were affected.

The little Episcopal Chapel! of the Atone-
ment at McGraw and Hammond avenues
in The Bronx was struck by lightning at
3:50 P. M. The thirty foot steeple was
knocked off and the roof was badly shat-
tered, No one was inside at the tirne.

A cupola on St. Monica's Roman Catholic
Church at #0® East Seventy-ninth street
was struck by lightning in the afternoon,
shattered into two parts and tumbled into
the street. No one was near at the time
and no injuries resulted. The damage was
about $800. The church is just being com-
pleted and has not yet heen dedicated.

The thunderstorms had the effect of
cooling the air just when people were
sweltering, and came as a grateful relief
to the city.

HEAD SLEUTH MUST BE A COP.

Gen. Bingham Advised That He Cannot
Appoint an Outsider.

Corporation Counsel Ellison has advised
Police Commissioner Hingham that he can-
not put an outsider at the head of the
Detective Pureau. When the Jegistature
passed the bill last April allowing Gen.
Ringham to reorganize the Police Depart-
ment it was generally understood that
the measure authorized the Commissioner
to appoint anybody to command the bureau.
Mr. Ellison yesterday informed the Com-
missioner that he had been unable to find
that the bill contained any such authority.
Quoting from the bill Mr. Ellison pointed
out that it merely provided that the person
who might be assigned to the command
of the bureau should receive the same
salary as vn captain detailed to act as in-
epector. Continuing, Mr. Ellison wrote;

If the Legislature intended to work such
an ipnovation and vest you with the power
to make such an appointment the idea would
have been very clearly expressed. The
word “appoint” is not employed. Instead of
.it we find the term “assigned,” which indicates,
it seems to me, the same as “transferred,”
and presupposes that the person in command
of that buresu must be an officer who is
| “assigned or transferred” from some other
| branch of the service.

 

SS
A

Again, as there isa grave question whether
the Legislature can constitutionally confer
upon you the right to appoint a civilian to the
head of thet burestu, @ construction which
harmonizes the statute with the Consitution
and preserves the validity should prevail,

   

 

 

{

seventy-five feet
le

 

eee i
oe Le me
Rea? Fs Ges PET

Fair one

  
  
 

 

THREAT TO IRVING T, BUSH.

Somebody Sends Him a “Biack Hand"
Letter Demanding $5,000.

Irving T. Bush, president of the Bush
Terminal Company, received at his office
in New York yesterday aftérnoon a letter
demanding $5,000 on a threat of death for
him and his wife. The letter, which was
pn in an attempt at an illiterate hand,
read:

“Mr. Bush: You have more money
than you need and in a few short words
you are requested to give up $5,000 to the
Black Hand. Give it to Peter, who will
wait for you at Lakéwood, There are
Plenty of other young men at~the club
and if you don’t pay up at once you and
your wife, Maud, will be blown to pieces.
Do this now or there will be trouble.”

The letter was signed ‘‘Black Hand."’ Mr.
Bush has no idea who Peter is and he did
not deem the letter of sufficient importance
to callin the police. His wifeis a daughter
of Joseph Howard, Jr., and the widow of
frank Beard.

JAPAN LOOKS TO 1909,

Expects New Treaty With U. 8. Then and
Will Strive for Equality.

Special Cable Despaich,to Tae Sun.
Lonpon, June 26.—The Tokio corre-
spondent of the Daily Mai! saye that
apparently an understanding has been
reached by Japan and America that the
existing treaty between the two countries

will be replaced by a new one in 1909.
Japan will then fight hard to pldceher
subjects on an equal footing with Europeans.

BASEBALL ENGLISHED.,

As the Runs Mount Up by the Dozen Spec-
tators Go Wild With Enthusiasm.
Walter Camp, who returned yesterday
aboard the Cunarder Caronia, saw while
in England a game of baseball between the
Rhodes scholars at Oxford and q team
picked from association football players of
England, The game was the most amusing
he ever saw. It began at 2 P. M. and at 7
o'clock three innings had been played and
the score was 62 to 38 in favor of the Rhodes
men, The higher the score rose the greater
was the enthusiasm of the spectators.
“I left at the end of the third inning,” Mr.
Camp said. “They may be playing yet.”

SERVIAN PRINCE,

 

 

 

 

SHOTS AT

Austrian Official Thought He Was a $m ug
@ler--Fishing In the Save.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SuN.

VIENNA, June 26.—According to a tele-
gram from Belgrade, Crown Prince George
of Servia narrowly escaped being shot
last Sunday evening. Accompanied by
Prof. Petrovitch he was fishing in the
River Save from a motor boat.

The boat neared the Croatian bank, and
in the dark an Austrian customs officer
challenged the fishermen. Receiving no
reply from them he concluded they were
emigglers and fired upon them.

The darkness prevented accuracy of
aim and the Prince and his companion

 

Soh ato Cat
Sot Iga Pos

re

 

|

eh

 

eae hr q
eb ae a Ba

Taorsbar, JOne 27, 1907. ~
and slightty cooler; diminishing
westerly winds to-morrow.

CORNELL WINS
VARSITY RAGE

Desperate Struggia WIth
Columbia Ends in Victory
by Only Three Feet,

MIDDIES IN THIRD PLACE.

 

Wisconsin Takes the Freshman
Eights and Syracuse the
Varsity Fours.

Rough Water the Only Drawbak tn Great
Day of Boat Racing on the Hodson
—Feur Crews Battie for Sacond in .
Freshman Eights and Finish Within 4
Seconds, Syracuse Taking the Piaes
—Shelis Ship Water and the Syracuse
Boat Is Swamped In Big Race—Praiss
for Rice, the Blue and White Coach
—Varsity Time 20 Min. 2 2B See.

POUGHKEEPAIE. N. Y., June 26.—It is
hard to put on paper: the kind of race that
Cornell and Columbia rowed on the Hudedn
to-day, which the Ithacans won in the very
last stroke by the twentieth part of a boa‘
length, three feet When two crews row
side by side for four long. hard miles and
finish a yard apart that telis the story weil
enough

Columbia went out into the lead at the —

very start and without break or hésitatios

| drove along just in front of the Cornellians.

The New Yorkers held their advantage, thers
never being open water in front of tréir
up-State rivals to the very end of the race

There they weakened ever so little, and @
crew with men four times the equal of the
New Yorkers in physical makeup was able
to get enough ahead to count the victory
for Corneli

There is small idea of giving the greatest
eredit for this performance to the Columbia
men alone. They did tteir level best to
be sure and rowed until they could go ne
further.

reached the Servian bank of the river un- | crew's cbility lies with the man who couche}

hurt and made a hasty return to Belgrade.

 

IN MEMORY OF LONGFELLOW,

 

 

it. James C. Rice, whom a Harvard boat
club let go, picked up the eight oaremen,
two of whom could hardly be called such,

Poet's Daughters Endow Fellowship in | because they never had rowed before, ant

LAterature at Bowdoin College

Brunswick, Me.. June 26.--Exercises
commemorative of the 100th anniversary
of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. who was
a member of the class of 1825 and for sev-
eral years an instructor. were held at
Bowdoin College this afternoon as a part
of the commencement week programme.

It was announced that the daughters
of the poet, Miss Alice H. Longfellow, Mrs.
Richard H. Dana and Mrs. J. (. Thorpe
have given $%10.000 to Bowdoin College to
endow a fellowship in literature in memory
of their father.

LEFT OWER BILLS,

Several Hundred of Them to Be Disposed
of by) thé Governor in Thirty Bays.
ALBANY, June 26.—Severa! hundred bills

ft by the Legislature to be considered by

 

The storm there in the afternoon lasted | the Governor in the next thirty days were

taken to the executive department after the
adjournment. The Governor will act on
the bills as rapidly as possible. It is an-

| nounced that he does not plan to have issued

'

 

 

a ee

Much damage to trees and trolley wires | any printed list of the thirty day bills, as

has been the custom in other years

 

Commissioner Does Not Favor Making Bed-
rooms of Them Much.

Park Commissioner Herrman said yes-
terday that he had received several unsigned
letters asking him to throw open Central
Park and the other parks in Manhattan to
the people nights, inasmuch as hot weather
had come again.

The Commissioner said he did not propose
to take such action unless he found a strong
necessity for it. He said that when Com-
missioner Pallas invited the public to sleep
in the parks during the very hot spell three
years ago the police report of the nightly
doings was such as not to encourage a
repetition.

RIG KAISER A DAY LATE,

Inferior Coal and Green Firemen Get the
Hlame of It,

The North German Lloyd steamship

 

|
|

{
|

 

|

} minutes 4 seconde;

madea crew out ofthem. It is not so mud;
a question that Cornell won the big race
The thing that brings the thrill is the race
that the outweightei green mer of ths
Columbia crew rowe: against the Ithacans
And Rice did it

COACH RICE SHOWS HIS STRENGTH

The strength of the Columbia coach wae
shown first in the freshman race where the
Columbia crew was barely beaten out of
second place, rowing the last mile with the
stern compartment of the shel! filled wit)
water. A check in the shell near the ster1
was the cause of the accident The fresh-
men gave promise of better things by the
older men.

The big race of the day was so muoh i
big race that it drove out of memory the
wonderful finish in the freshman race, i1
which Wisconsin, safely a winner, coul.!
look back and watch the struggles of Syra-
cuse, Pennsylvania and Columbia, all
atigned, (o be second. For once in a wa
a Cornell crew fimshed last. It has not
happened otten before The four oared
race was won by Syracuse rather handik,
after a hard middle race with Cornell

Penrsyivania beat out Columbia The
results follow:
Varsity Eight Oared Crews—Cornell first,

20 minutes 2 2-5 seconds: Columbia second, 29
Naval Academy third, 29
minutes 13 seconds; Pennsylvania fourth, 20
minutes 53 2-5 seconds, Wisconsin fifth.
Georgetown sixth. Syracuse did not finish.

Freshman Ejght Oared Crews —Wisconsit
first, 9 minutes 58 seconds; Syracuse second,
19 minutes 8 seconds, Pennsylvania third, 10
minutes 4 seconds: Columbia fourth, 10 min
utes 56 2-5 seconds, Cornell fifth, 10 minute;
7 seconds.

Varsity Four Oared Crews -Syracuse first,
10 ininutes 37 1-5 seconds: Cornell second, 10
minutes (0 seconds; Pennsylvania third, 10
minutes 49 seconds; Columbia fourth, 10 mine
utes 59 3-5 seconds

ROUGH WATER INJURES NAVY CHANCES.

The Navy crew, much admired and
respected by many, failed absolutely to
be a contender,although for a few moments
at the third mile a spurt made it look as if
the Naval Academy men were coming up.

Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, | The Navy, Georgetown and Wisconsin

Southampton and Cherbourg, arrived last
night, more than a dey behind her norma!
time. Her coal was not of the best quality
and most of her firemen were green hands
who had been taken aboard at Bremen to
fill the places of strikers. Besides, she
found much fog in the steamship lane off
the Banks, where icebergs were lurking.
Among her passengers were Henry W.
Savage; E. M. Byers and F. O. Horsimann,
olfers; Col. Sanger, Gen. William Ames,
ordan L. Mott, Francie George Marion,
the Rev. G. W. J. Rusesil, Dr. E. ‘
Stryker, James Guetavus Whiteley, Con-
sul-General of the Congo Free State at
Baltimore, and J. MacFarlane Tappen.

 

New Scout Cruleer Chester Launched.

BaTtH, Me., June 26.-—The scout cruiser
Chester, one of the latest types of fast war-
ships for the United States Navy, was

Jaunched successfully this afternoon at the
Bath Iron Works. Miss Dorothy Sproul
daughter of State Senator Wiliam C. Sproul
of Chester, Pa., christened the vessel.
1,165 for an Old Teapot.
Special Cable Deepaich to THE SuN,
Lonpon, June 26.—An enthusiastic col-
lector paid $1,155 at Christie's to-day fora
teapot five inches high in old Chinese enam-
elled porcelain. It is a beautiful work of
art.

| ORWEy’s “BRUT CUVEE" CHAMPAGNE.
licious. Why Re double for Imported?
Be 0.,

tu.

Dewey & Sons 135 Fulton St., New York.
ey
The Peri f Becaete. Vanilla
wees never Questioned By any pu food commission.
Ade,

 

 

 

 

sede oe

 

' and finished away out of it.

all shipped water greatly, and it was this
which kept them back among other things

Georgetown's light men could do nothing
with a boat full of water after the mile
The Syracuse
crew never did finish, because the boat was
swamped in the homestretch of water

The rough water hurt the chances of
all the crews in the regatta very much.
The whole day was very unfavorable for
rowing. The first race of the day, that
of the varsity fours. was started when
the south wind was rather fresh and thers
was more than a suspicion of white caps
in the river. There was not quite so much
wind in the freshman race, but the rough-
ness held on.

In the varsity race the Navy crew de-
layed the start considerably, with the idea
probably of getting a smoother course
as the day advanced, but in that expecta-
tion the Midshipmen were disappointed.
Not even a postponement of something
like an hour in the varsity race helped
much to make mattere better for any of
the crews.

The uncertainty about the varsity eights
race was so pronounced this year that the
interest naturally was all the greater. It
was figured in advance that probably only
two crews in the race did not have much
of a chance. They were Penneylvania and
Georgetown. Cornell was looked upon

@ ser on Day Line, West Point, New.
pure hg FOTFeenate outings. See = table steam.

es ae

«

PRICE TWO CENTS.

oie if

The real secret of the Columbia -

 

 

 

fala Guey

i