VOL. LXXIV,—NO. 1.

————— ae

SUBWAY SUFFERERS REVOLT.

WOMEN FAINT ON TRAINS TIED
ur BY FIRE ON A CAR.

coe ee

 

 

 
  

Passengers Caged in Sweltering, Smoke
Filled Boxes Threaten Condactors
Who Refuse to Open Doors or Move On
to Stations—Explosion Caused Panic.

There were exciting scenes in the subway
last evening as the result of a fire on a south-
bound express train at the Fourteenth street
station, Traffic was completely tied up for
thirty-five minutes and conditions hecame
eo intolerable on many of the trains that
passengers threatened to attack the con-
ductors and wreck the cars if they were not
allowed to disembark and make their way
along the tracks to the stations.

Some of the conductors refused té open
doors or move the trains so that the pas-
sengers could get off and it was only after
women had fainted that they gave in and
the trains groped stowly through the smoke
that filled the tube to the stations. Many
trains were stalled until traffic was re-
@imed and hundreds of passengers had
to awelter in the cars.

The fire was caused at the Fourteenth
street station by a short circuit in the motor
box of the sixth car of the train. It was
just about 5 o'clock when there was a sharp
report, followed by a sheet of blue flame,
which shot from underneath the car and
enveloped the rear platform. The motor-
man heard the report and brought the
train to a standstill before the first car had
passed the platforms

The blue flame, which lighted up the
subway, scared the passengers; women
screamed And fainted, while men made a
beeline for the doors and fought their way
out to the platform. The guards and
station men had to look after the women
and get them out of the burning car.
Those who had fainted and the hysterical
ones had to be carried out bodily.

The current in ihe third rail was quickly
turned off and the train crew fought the
fire with sand. ‘The flames ate up through
the floor of the rear piatform; it seemed
that there was danger of their spreading
to the interior of the car, but no alarm was
sent in. It was about twenty minutes
before the blaze was under control.

The train ‘vas then started downwwn.
Before it reached the Brooklyn Bridge
it got afire twice, at the Astor place and the
Spring street station. No passengers
were aboard it then, but a number of people
who were waiting for trains fled to the
street.

Stifling smoke filled the subway from
about Twenty-third street to the Brooklyn
Bridge station, and traffic on all tracks, up-
town and downtown, was tied up for more
than thirty-five minutes. Trains were
stalled all along the line and thousands of
people eweltered and fumed and choked in
the cars. The women became nervous and
wanted to know what was the trouble; the
conductors and guards couldn't tell them,
because they didn't know themselves.
Then the men demanded that they be allowed
to leave the trains and walk to the nearest
station. The trainmen wouldn't let them
and there were heated arguments all along
the line.

Op one train, stalled between Times
Square and the (irand Central Stations, the
passengers got restless after about fifteen
minutes and surged forward to the first car.
About fifty feet ahead they saw a train at
the Grand Central that had been deserted
by its passengers.

“Run the train up to the one at the station
&o we can get out of this hotbox,” a pas-
senger said to the conductor.

“Can't do it,” the conductor replied;
“you'll have to stay here until that train
moves,”

It wo happened that there were about
fifty husky mechanics aboard the stalled
train, moat of whom had their tools with
them. A dozen of them who were together
held a conference and a committee was
appointed to wait upon the conductor.

“We want all these ride doors opened,”
aaid the committee; “we can’t stay here all
night and swelter, The ladies aboard thia
trdin Will be about fainting if we don't get
more air.”

“Against the rules for me to open the
doors,” the conductor retorted; “I would if
I could, but I can’t.”

Several men took a hand in the affair at
this point and consulted with the mechan-
ica, In a minute carpenters, bricklayers,
masons and iron workers were opening their
kit bags and aasorting their tools.

“What are you going to do?” asked the
conductor.

“Burst open the doors,” came the reply,
“and we can do a damned good job of it,
too.”

The conductor saw that trouble was

brewing. He appealed to the well dressed .

men and asked them to stop the big fellows
clad in jumpers and overalls from ripping
the doors open.

“Well, open the doors and give us more
air,” he was told. “We don’t care for our-
selves so much, but this is too stifling for
the women.”

By this time a trio of stonecutters armed
with heavy mallets made for the platform
and were just about to start in on the doors
when the conductor changed his mind and
decided that it would be good policy to do

as he was told. He then had the guards i

open all the doors on the train

There wasn’t much relief, however, and
within fifteen minutes there was another
consultation and a committee

looking man with a Vandyke beard, a
sallow faced youth wearing glasses and a
sporty looking individual was appointed.

They had several minutes talk and then all |

hands approached the conductor.
This was the ultimatum: “We want you

to run this train up to the one standing |

at the station, so we can get of.
don’t these gentlemen

If you
{indicating

mallets} will just rip this car apart.
you see?”

The conductor did see. He rang the bell
and had the motorman proceed very slowly
until the train reached the last car of the

Do

one ahead. Then the passengers trooped |

through the cars and inade for the street
with all possible speed to get @ breath of
fresh air.

Between Twenty-third street and the

 

 

SPECIAL TRAIN RETURNING FROM -
LANTIC CITY DAY. es

On Labor Day, Monday, Sept.
ot moat unin cat ana ah alpen a

T cars,
Atlantic City 4 at 60
P. M. ‘or New York, on Teenie New
Brunswick, 1°11

= za cad Newase to discharge

 

the |
mechanics with their heavy sledgos and |

 

 

++NEW YORK,

  
   

Brooklyn Bridge the amoke was #0 stifling
that the guards had to close windows and
doors. Within a few minutes it was suffo-
cating in every oar. When several women
fainted the windows and doors were opened
again and dense clouds of smoke poured
into the trains. The conductors were
awaiting orders to move and wouldn't
budge the trains despite hundreds of pro-
tests made by the passengers. The men
finally became so desperate that they started
to throw scares into the conductors, threat-
ening to seize the trains and shoot them
forward if the motormen refused to obey.
The conductors feared the men would do
as they said they would, and several of the
trains were started groping through the
smoke filled hole until a train or a station
wasreached. Then the passengers

|
{
| marched
through the cars and got out of the subway.
KILLING GOES ON IN RUSSIA,
'

 

 

Terrorists Throw BRemb Inte Wedding
Procession.
Spectal Cable Despatches to Tam Sun.

Sr. Pererssura, Aug. 31.—With unvary-
ing monotony there came to-day from all
quarters similar accounts of slaughter
and pillage. At Usofka, in the Government
of Ekaterinoslav, a bomb was thrown at
a wedding procession and three persons were
killed and thirteen injured.

The manifésto of the dismissed Duma
is being circulated in the Province of Poltava,
where the people are refusing to give lodg-
ings and food to the police.

In the province of Orel and other places
hundreds of houses were burned yester-
day and the harvest destroyed.

Attacks on postmen, merchants
churches are of daily oocurrence.

On Tuesday, in broad daylight, a bomb
was thrown at the Belgian director of
the metallurgical institute near Bakhmost.
He was grievously wounded.
sin Was a child of 15,

Lonpon, Sept. 1.—A St. Petersburg de-
spatch to the Daily Telegraph says there
were several successful raids yesterday on
post offices by revolutionists. Consider-
able sums of money were seized. No mer-
chandise is now forwarded to or from War-
saw, and merchants are afraid to travel
thither.

The. revolutioniats operate in broad
daylight in this way: Five or six soldiers
are standing before a Government build-
ing with loaded rifles ready to fire, when
suddenly each is confronted by a stalwart
youth who pointe a revolver at each man's
forehead, whereupon the soldiers stand
as though they had been seized with a
cataleptic fit.

While this is going on other revolutionists
thoroughly pillage the apartments within
the building. When the operation is fin-
ished the youths walk backward about
fifteen paces, holding their revolvers pointed
at the soldiers and enjoining them to re-
Then

and

The assas-

main inactive. they start off on

The soldiers quickly raise their rifles to
their shoulders. A series of loud reporta in
quick succession are heard, the smoke
slowly lifts and nearly all the soldiers
are seen sprawling on the ground, dead
or wounded, other revolutionists screened
among the spectators having deftly shot
them from revolvers before they could
fire at the fleeing youths. The next day
the newspapers announce another robbery
at Warsaw.

 

MRS. BROWNE GOES TOTHE TOMBS

Held on Charge of Stealing From Syrian
Woman, Though Mrs.Verrauit Takes Blame.
| Very much to her surprise and that of
| her lawyer, Mra. Izella Browne, Mrs. Bina
Verrault’s partner in many ventures now
| being probed by police and Federal of-
| ficials, was held yesterday for the Grand
| Jury on a charge of grand larceny by Magis-
trate Steinert in the Tombs court. She
was unable to give the $1,000 bail required;
in fact, she had been so sure of being dis-
charged that she had not taken the pre-
caution of having a bondsman present.

She was sent to the Tombs for the night.

Mrs. Browne was charged by Susan

Rahal, a Syrian, of 26 Rector street, with
| having stolen $150 worth of
Oriental goods.

Mrs. Verrault was present in court. It
was noticed that she wore the identical
black silk skirt and handsome lace shirt
waist which Mra. Browne had worn in
court the day before, while Mra. Browne
was much leas expensively gowned, being
content With a skirt of dingy blue anc
lace shirt waist that was not even nearly
new.

“Why, it was I who bought this person's
goods,” said Mrs.Verrault, smiling at Magis-
trate Steinert. “I really did not want them,
but she came to me while I was living with
Mrs. Browne and insisted with true Oriental
persistency that I should take them. I

rotested that I did not have all the money,

ut she ~ to take $25 cash and the
balance as I could pay it. Shesaid I could
nae her $15, $10 or even $2 when I felt
ike it.

“I have never refused co oe the woman
and would have discharged the debt long
| ago if I had found it possible.”

“When you moved to your present place,
323 West Eighty-second street, did you
notify this woman?” asked the Magistrate.

“Well, you seeI was called away to Boston
very. suddenly,” she said.

“Did you ever notify her?” Magistrate
| Steinert insisted.

“No, I don’t recall having done so,” said
Mrs, Verrault.

“That is all,” said the Magistrate.

Gregory Allen, the sculptor-butler in
| the several Browne-Verrault establish-
ments, undertook to back up Mrs. Ver-
rault's atory. His knowledge, however,
consisted in seeing Mrs. Verrault in the
parlor -ploming over” the goods.

laces and

A thousand dollars to answer,” said
| the Magistrate. “These le are petty
|} awindlers and thieves. hey had it all

made up what they would say.”

 

consisting |
of several of the mechanics, a professional |

ACQUITTED MAN MURDERED.

Dewn After Leaving Court Room
—son of Man He Killed Arrested.

ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 31.—Sensational de-
velopments have’ come as the result of the
shooting of Leon T. Milner at Jonesboro
last night, and an arrest has been made
involving one of the leading families of the
State.

Milner, it was alleged, last January killed
B. H. Dorsey of Jonesboro. Dorsey, it was
said, charged Milner with being too friendly
with his 14-year-old daughter, and Milner,
it was charged, shot him. Milner was tried

terday and uitted.
“On the vty => 9 to the jail with two
| officers for clothing he had left in the
prison Milner was shot five times by men
who were standing in the road.

Early to-day L. L. Dorsey, a son of B. H.
Dorsey, for whose murder Milner was tried,
was arrested in Atlanta at the homs of his
uncle, Judge R. T. Dorsey, one of the best
known attorneys in the
here for the Southern Railway. Dorsey is

on of knowing

fhe New Jorvey Cautrabes 80 Memaase
+ Via New Jersey

Shot

 

 

  

SHERIDAN GORS ON THE ROCKS.

OTHER STEAMERS STAND BY TO
TAKE OFF PASSENGERS.

 

 

Transport Strikes in Hawalian Waters and
May Be Pounded to Pieces-—Two Hun-
dred Persons Aboard— Unusual Cur-
rents Since (Chilean Earthquake.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN.

Honouv.v, Aug. 31.—Hanging on a sharp
rock, with deep water on all sides, the United
States transport Sheridan isin a most critical
position on Barbois Point, at the southern,
end of Oahu island, not far from where the
liner Manchuria struck. Several steamers,
including the revenue cutter Manning, are
standing by ready to remove the paasen-
gers and crew, but the work will be attended
with great difficulty owing to the high sea.

At the pcint where the Sheridan struck
there is no beach. A high bluff lines the
shore except at a few points, so that it ig
almost impossible to land the passengers.
On board the transport are over 200 persons.
Fifty are soldiers, 120 passengers and the
others are members of the crew.

The Sheridan struck at 1:30 o'clock this
morning. There was a heavy sea running,
but the weather was fairly clear. There
wasnopanic. The lifeboata were promptly
manned and preparations were made to
leave ship if necessary. Investigation
showed that it would be impossible to effect
a landing, and as the vessel was firm on the
rock it was decided by Capt. Peabody to
stay by the ship until daylight. A boat in
charge of the second officer was launched,
but it was caught in the heavy breakers
and swamped. The crew reached shore
safely.

The Sheridan's machinery is disabled as
a result of heavy rolling on the rock. Coal
is now being thrown over to lighten the
ship. It is not known how badly the veasel
is damaged, but it ia declared that she is
leaking so badly that she would sink if
pulled off from the rook into deep water.

Tt is evident that the wreck of the Sheri-
dan was caused by the same mysterious
currents which sent the big liner Man-
churia to a resting place on a coral reef a
little further to the north. Capt. Peabody,
however, admits that the vessel was nearer
shore than she should have been. It is
feared that the transport will prove to bea
total loas, although with prompt assistance
there is a bare chance that she can be saved.

San Francisco, Aug. 31.—The mysterious
change of the action of currents in the
vicinity of Hawaii, which was reaponsible for
the wreck of the Manchuria and the Sheri-
dan, is puzzling the experts of the United
States Hydrographic Office. There seems
to have been a remarkable inorease in the
force of the currenta. This change sent
the Manchuria on a rock far out of her
course. The Sheridan also was carried
northward of her true course.

Capt. Handlette of the Spreckelg liner
Sierra reperted at Honolulu a fow'-tinys
ago that his ship had been carried thirty
miles out of her course in a single day just
before reaching Honolulu. As this change
in the ocean streams was coincident with
the great Chilean earthquake, hydrog-
raphers are inclined to believe the events
were connected. At the time of the shock
the tides in Hawaii were greatly affected.

The Sheridan sailed from Manila on
August 18 for San Francisco.

OVERLOOKED BLAST KILLS.

Two Itallans Victims of Dynamite Charge
in Rock Under Hariem'’s High Bank.

Two Italians were killed and three badly
injured yesterday in the sewer under con-
struction at Aqueduct avenue and the Harlem
River. Through the blow of a pick an
overlooked blast of dynamite which failed
to go off the day before was exploded.

This sewer, which runs north on Webster
avenue to 170th street, is being built by
the William Flannigan Construction Com-
pany. The Harlem River bank at this
point is about 150 feet high and the sewer
tunnels into it. The work ia going on
about 125 feet below the surface of the earth
and 100 feet from the mouth of the tunnel,
The rock is very hard and ft is the custom
at the close of each day’s work to set off
a blast. The next day is devoted to clear -
ing up the loosened reck and preparing for

a new charge.

The night before last only four of the
five charges went off, but apparently nobody
noticed It is said to the duty of
Charles ,
O. K. the blast before starting work in
the morning Nothing happened until 5:30
in the evening, when twenty men were
getting ready tor the new blast. They
always leave the tunnel entirely before set-
ting it off. .

oseph Munio, 22 years old, of Sedgwick
avenue, High Bridge,while cleaning up the
rock with his pick struck the old blast, whigh
went off. It killed him and Antonio Or-
lando, also 22, of the same address. Three
other men were badly hurt and taken to the
Fordham Hospital. Foreman Borelli hap-
pened to be going into the tunnel on a hand
oar at the time. The concussion sent the
car Sying out again. When it struck a
bumper Borelli_was thrown to the ground
unconscious. When he came to he refused
to, fo to a hospital.

e sound of the sopemen brought Capt,
Wendell of the High Bridge police station
to the scene with thereserves. He arrested
Borelli on a charge of homicide. He was
taken before Coroner ScWwannecke, who
released him in the custody of William
Fiannigan.

FORCED ATTENTIONS ON GIRL,

Stenographic Student Who Rested In Madi.
son Square Has Salesman Locked Up.
Tessie Hunt, an eighteen-year-old girl,

who lives at 331 East Thirty-fourth street

and is a student at a business college at

Eighteenth street and Sixth avenue, walked

up to Madison Square after school closed

yesterday afternoon and sat down on a

bench to rest. In a moment a man, who

later said he was Ignaz Engel, a salesman,

31 years old, of 402 East Seventy-eighth

street, took d seat beside her and began

to ogle her. Miss Hunt moved to another
bench. So did Engel Then Miss Hunt
went to a drinking fountain, but Engel
beat her to it and offered her a drink.
By this time Miss Hunt had become an-
noyed with Engel's attentions and ap-
Jed to several men in the park for pro-
ection. Some of them spoke to th» would
be masher and one called Policeman Green-
berger of the Tenderloin station, who ar-
rested Engel

gel.

In the station house Mise Hunt insisted
on the prisoner being locked up, declaring
that she would appear against him in the
Jefferson Market police court this morning.
Sergt. McCarthy, when Engel cried real
tears, told the prisoner that he should
have known vetier and sent him down-
stairs to # cell.

oc BERL EASE ati tal SEL”

 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1,

Bo
reili, foreman of the gang, to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ee aN
/, Wr cekai. 7

SATURDAY, SERTEMBER 1, 1906.
, _. Pair to-day and to-morrow: west

 

/

winds, becoming variable,

+

 

 

1906 .—Copyrion, 1906, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

~

 

a ee

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

  

MANY HURT BY BLAST.
eee
Rocks Came Fiying Out of the Shaft of the
Lackawanna Tunnel.

A number of persons narrowly escaped
being killed last night in Jersey City by a
volley of rocks from the Laidlaw avonue
shaft of the Lackawanna Railroad tunnel
which is being driven under the heights.
The police arrested John Laughrey of 111
West Fifty-third street, New York, on a
charge of violating a city ordinance. The
police aay that the blast was not properly
covered,

Two young men from Cincinnati, Frank
White, 19 years old, of 71 Freeman street
and Emil Hitze, 18 years old, of 1909 Race
street, were walking along Summit avenue
when the blast waa set off. White's left
arn was broken and he was gut about the
head and side. He was removed to the
City Hospital. Another piece of rock
struck Hitze on the right leg. He was
not seriously hurt and after his wound
had been dreased he went to his boarding
house.

Mrs. Mary Oelerick of 70 Summit avenue
also narrowly escaped being killed. While
sitting in a rocking chair in the garden
back of her house one of the flying stones
struck her on the left arm, inflicting a deep
cut. Mrs. Oelerick screamed and fainted.
She was carried into the house and attended
by a physician.

William Taylor of 40 Laidlaw avenue, the
engineer at the tunnel, was unable to get
under cover and was hit in the back while
running away. He was assisted to his
home,

A rock weighing at least fifty pounds
crashed through the wall of the residence
of Mrs. Mary Turner, at 707 Summit avenue.
The occupants of the house were badly
frightened and ran Into the rear yard. Other
buildings were slightly injured by the flying
rocks.

FOUGAT RESCUER IN THE RIVER.

Despondent Stenographer Who Hart Her-
self at a Dance Tries Suicide.

Gertride Lefkowitz, a comely young

Jewish woman, attempted suicide late
yesterday afternoon by plunging into the
East River from the pier at the foot of
Thirty-sixth street. She walked up and
down the pier wringing her hands for about
twenty minutes and then ran to the end and
jumped.

Thomas Bennet, who lives at 637 First ave-
nue, was watching her. He jumped in
after her. The two were carried a short
distance out into the stream by the tide
and the young woman struggled fiercely
when Bennet grabbed her. Policeman
Tunney of the East Thirty-fifth street
station house ran down to the end of the
pier and threw a rope to Bennet. With it
the girl was dragged back to the pier.
She begged the policeman and the man
who rescued her to let her die. She was
sent to Bellevue Hospital. Her oondition
was eaid to bein no way serious.

The young woman is 28 years old and
lives with her parents at 262 Second street.
She is the oldest of eight children. Up to
last April she was employed as a stenog-
rapher in an’ office on Warren street, but
had to give up work because she injured

| herself at a dance last winter and had to

go to a hospital. Her family say she has
been deapondent recently.

AUTO DASH TO SAVE LIFE,

Cops Stop Imprevised Ambulance bat Let It
Go Again—Boy May Die, Anyway.

Dr. Adolph Waechter of 216 East Twelfth
street and Dr. Steckmann, an interne at
St. Mark’s Hospital, Eighth street and
| Second avenue, were riding up Madison
avenue in an automobile last night when

 

 

 

a cab, driven by August Barney,ran over
a small boy at Thirty-eighth street. The
boy was badly injured and the two physi-
cians, realizing that immediate attention
was required, carried him to their automo-
bile, turned it around and started at a rapid
pace for St. Mark's Hospital.

The physicians said later they thought
they had hit it up about forty miles an
hour. At Twenty-third street and Fourth
avenue they were stopped by a mounted
policeman who got directly in their path.

“You're going about a mile a minute,”
said the policeman. er ae

“We know it,” chorused the two phy-
sicians. “We have a boy badly injured

in an accident and we are hurrying to a

hospital.”

“Go ahead! Get a hustle,” said the cop.
On the way to the hospital the temporary
ambulance was stopped several times, but
the physicians were told to hurry on when
their mission had been explained.

At the hospital the boy gave his name
as Adolph Blucher of 2737 East Twenty-
ninth street. It was said that he would
probably die.

PLAYED P. 0. INSPECTO®.

Man "Uncertain About His Tithe Comes to
Grief at Sub-Station,

Charles Tartter, 35 years old, of 222 Harri-
son street, Brooklyn, who says he ia a watch-
man, was arrested last night as a suspicious
person. He had been loafing around a
post office sub-station pretending to be
more important than he was.

Shortly before 4 o'clock
went into Solomon Nosenthal’s dhue. 7
at 23 Avenue D,and bought some ammonia,
Then he poked around until 4:08 6’clook,
when a postman came in to collect the
letters, the drug store being also a post
office sub-station. At this ie spoke up
to Clerk Isaac saan, wpe had sold him

 

 

mgs. with an air of autporty:
“Is the way you run station,
you man?” maid he. “This schedule

says the mail is collected at 4 o'clock and
here it is five minutes a."
Eokstein wanted to know what business
a was of -. ont te Re
| “I am a post office ins r,” said he.
| Eckstein called in his ‘Som. Mr. Rosen-
| thal wanted the inspector to show his cre-
| dentiais. e
“I am a deputy sheriff,” said Tartter
edging toward the door. “However, I will
not arrest you if you promise to be more
careful in the future, y!”
Rosenthal and Eckstein were ungrateful
and not.so anxioys to get rid of him as the
sheriff-inapector ‘hoped they would be.
They held on to him until Detective
Donnelly arrived from the Union Market
police station. The postal authorities will
a

ve Tartter up before United States Com-
‘i this een

missioner Ridgway

| Buffalo Customs Collecter Reinstated,
| Wasninaoton, Aug. 31.—

| made an order to-day for the
| ment of

 

| one case and t d
| char; v
| the

M’CLBLLAN IS FOR JEROME.

MAYOR STARTS HOME TO-DAY TO
TAKE PART IN CAMPAIGN.

 

 

Declares in Paris That Fight Is for De
cency in Politics and Jerome Would
Be Strongest Democratic Candidate
for Governer—Wen't Discuss Murphy.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Panis, Aug. 31.—After eleven weeks
vacation in Europe’Mayor George B. MoClel-
lan of New York will sail for home to-mor-
row on the steamship St. Paul, prepared
to support and fight for Jerome as a can-
didate for Governor of the State if the
Democratic convention nominates him.

Mayor MoClellan isin excellent health and
thoroughly rested. He is ready and almost
eager to get into the political struggle in
what he deems a most impoftant cam-
paign in the interests of the people of the
State as well as the city of New York.

“Iam going home,” he said to Tar Scn
correspondent to-day, “to fight for decency
in politics and decency in Democracy, and
my friends are going to fight with me.”

The Mayor said he had no direct recent
information on the situation, so he pre-
ferred to refrain from commenting at
Jength or in detail, but he said frankly
and emphatically that he had seen nothing
to change the views he held when he left
New York.

“I thought then and I think n ow,” he said,
“that Jerome would be the strongest candi-
date before the convention and before the
electorate. He has made an excellent fight
in the people's interest for decent politics.

I think the people of the State want him as
a cendidate for Governor, andif nominated
be will make a splendid fight and a cam-
paign of real life. I speak asa Democrat.”

‘The last sentence was in response to a
question as to whether he meant Jerome as
a candidate of the Democratic convention
or as an independent. The Mayor said he
had understood that there would be several
favorite sons as candidates, but he had not
received any news of them while in Europe.

The Mayor was talking with knowledge
of John O'Brien's Saratoga statement, which
was printed in Taz Sun, and the New York
political news in THE Sun of the following
day, which was the last to arrive in Paris,
but he declined to mention the name of
Charles F. Murphy or any one else, pre-
ferring to keep personalities out of politics.

 

SCHOOL CENSUS NEXT MONTH.

Policemen to Round Up All the Childrep
in Greater New York.

A census of the school children of Greater
New York is to be taken next month for the
A similar enumeration was
made for the old city nine years ago, before
consolidation

The enumeration will: be made by the
police under the supervision of the State
Board of Education. It was said at the
Board of Education offices yesterday that
Supt. Maxwell had made arrangements
with Police Commissioner Bingham foi
policemen to take the names of all children
between the ages of 4 and 16. Associate
Superintendent Edward B. Shallon has been
assigned to supervise the work on behalf
of the local school authorities

Besides taking the names the enumera-
tors wil) jot down whether the children
of school age attend public or private
achools, or do not go to school at all on the
ground that they have to work. Other
data that may be useful to the school au-
thorities will be collected.

The blank books furnished to the police-
men call for information as to the children
who may be crippled, deaf, dumb or blind,
aoa to be physically unable to attend school.
When possible the reasons for truancy or
why parents keep their children away from
school contrary to law are to be ascertained.
The enumerators will also inquire the place
of birth of the youngsters and whether
they are able to read and write English or
any other language.

The law prescribes a punishment of $30
fine or thirty days imprisonment for any
parent who refuses information to the
e@numerators.

It is expected that the work will be com-
pleted in dbout two weeks.

INSULTED HORSE'S FRIEND.

 

Philadelphia Girl Tells Police of Her Troub-
les Assuaging Animals’ Thirst.

A young woman who said she was Abbie
E. 8. L. Goode of Philadelphia went to the
Tenderloin police station early last night
to complain of the treatment she received
from employees of a stable on Twenty-
seventh street directly across the street
from the Barstow Hotel, where she is stop-
ping temporarily. Mise Goode told Sergt.
Bailey that her father had been for twenty-
eight years chief clerk of the Court of

Special Sessions in Philadelphia. She said |

that she waa on her way home from a visit
in Newport and that she lived in Phila-
delphia at Sixteenth and Spruce streets.

“Early to-night,” said Miss Good, “I saw
a team in front of the stable. The horses
were lapping up muddy water from the
gutter. I went over and spoke to the driver
and asked him to give the horses a bucket
of water. He told me to go to a certain
place which it is not proper for a woman
to mention.

“after I had expostulated he produced |

a bucket of water and shouted to a stable
boy to bring a couple of straws.

“Maybe the lady would like to drink
from the bucket,’ he said.”

Bergt. Bailey sent a policeman down to
the stable with instructions that the horses
should be watered, and above all that any
woman who made a protest should not be

| insulted.

 

Myles McDonald's Slayer Set Free.

ALBANY, Aug. 31.—Richard FE. Pruesser,
who killed Myles McDonald at the Hotel
Ten Eyck, came to Albany last night
from Matteawan, from which place he
was released yesterday afternoon He
was ir fine health He boarded the
6:40 train this morning with Mrs. Prues-
ger on an extended Western trip. He will
never again come to Albany.

ustice

rs of Watertown yesterday
rye the application of Attorney James
. Nolan of thie city that Pruesser re-
leased from Matteawan, as he had been
pronounced sane by Dr. Lamb.
een
After ali, Usher's the Seotch
that made Me nighbell femews.— Adv.

| turns Them to Doner.
}
|
|

ROOT ARRIVES IN CHILE.

Lands at Lota and After a Banquet Starts
for the Capital.
Special Cable Degpatch to Taw Sun,

Lora, Chile, Aug. 81.—The cruiser Charles-
ton with Secretary Root on board, which
had been delayed by fogs, arrived here at
2 o'clock this afternoon. The Minister of
Foreign} Affairs officially received the
Secretary.

There was a banquet to-night, after which
Mr. Root and party left on a special train
for Santiago.

 

SENATOR TILLMAN DECLINES.

 

Will Not Accept the President's Invitation
to Review the Naval Parade.

WasHINaTon, Aug. 31.~Senator Tillman
will not review the naval manauvres from
the Mayflower with the President on Labor
Tay. He has declined the invitation ex-
tended by the President along with other
members of the Naval Committee of the
Senate and House of Representatives.

The note declining was receiv e
Navy Department to-day. Et had been
generally predicted here that he would
decline. Senator Tillman said to friends,
following the action of the President in
recalling the White Housé invitation to
Senator Tillman to meet Prince Henry
because of the Tillman-McLaurin fight,
that he would never accept another in-
vitation from the President watil he had
apologized to him for withdrawing the
former invitation.

FAIRBANKS FEELSTHE RATE LAW

 

Leaves Private Secretary at Home Now
That Fare Must Be Paid.

Kansas Crry, Aug. 31.—“Mr. Fairbanks,
where's your private secretary?”

Representative E.C, Ellis asked the ques-
tion last night as he and the Vice-President
stood waiting for the Santa Fé train that
waa to take Mr. Fairbanks to Dodge City.

The Vice-President thrust one hand into
a side trouser's pocket and the clinking of
silver dollars could be heard.

“A private secretary is a luxury these
days,” he said. “It coats money to ride on
railroad trains since the new rate law.
I could not afford to pay fare for myself
and a private secretary, so I left him at
home.” ’

 

BOYS DROWN TOGETHER.
Had Been Spiashing About in the Water
Just Before They Went Down.
Stephen Langdon, 18 years old, of Cedar
street and Park place, Jamaica, and Peter
Engelberg, 12 years old, of Rockaway road
and Cedar terrace, were drowned yesterday
afternoon in Three Mil» Creek, a stream
running out from Jamaica Bay below
Jamaica. The boys were swimming to-
gether, but just what happened to them is
notknown, They wereseen splashing about
apparently in fun, and then they were
missed. Policeman Purtell and Joseph
Craft of the Jamaica station grappled for

the bodies and recovered them,

 

CAR RUNS DOWN TRUSTY.

Prisoner on Parole From Blackwell's Island
Mortally Hurt at Coney Island.

Matthew Flymin, a Blackwell's Island
“trusty” who had been paroled, was run
down by a Coney Island express train back
of Luna Park last night and will probably
die, The police arrested John R. Grah, the
motorman, although it wasn’t apparent that
he was in any way to blame for the accident.
It was said that the police have decided now
to take no chances with B. R. T, motormen.
They have taken this stand because of the
failure of the company to produce the
motorman who ran down and killed Fanny
Rodinaky when the fight over the extra
fare was on.

FAITHFUL NURSE IS DEAD.

 

Se

| Caught Typhoid From Patient She Had
Brought Through Attack of Disease.

Yonkers, Aug. 31.—After having nursed
Homan Carberry of Mount Vernon success-
fully through an attack of typhoid fever
| Miss Anna V. Johnstone of this city con-
| tracted the disease and died to-day. Dusing
Carberry’s illness Misa Johnstone never
left him, and when he was pronounced out
of danger, two weeks ago, Miss Johnstone
took to her bed. She was a sister of the Rev.
Father Johnstone of St. Nicholas Church,
New York, and was one of a family of
twelve children.

 

 

NEW UNION AIDS CONGRESSMEN.
League of Navy Yard Men to Take a Hand
in the Election.

of the employees of navy yards, naval
stations, arsenals and gun factories, which
| was formed in this city at a three days
| convention. of representatives from the
| various shipyards, left this city yesterday
and will make arrangements for the first
annual convention of the league, which
will take place in Washington.

Before the convention adjourned in this
| city it was resolved to support the can-

| didacy of the following Members of Congress |

for reelection because of their efforts in
securing a Saturday half holiday for Gov-
ernment employees: Roberts, Seventh Mass-
achusetts: Calder, Fifth New York, and
Weeks, Twelfth Massachusetts. An agita-
tion is to

 

| in the Government yards.

 

| Mrs. Ealdy, Seared by Blooded Team, Re-

Concorp, N. H., Aug. $1.—Mrs. Mary
Baker G. Eddy, head of the Christian Science
faith, has returned to Mr. Temple of Texar-
kana, Tex., the two spirited horses which

he presented to her last spring. The thor- |

oughbreds are splendid specimens but
| Mrs. Eddy could never feel quite safe be-
hind them,

 

Young Woman Rescues a Boy Fram an
Overturned Boat.

| Utica, Aug. 31.—Misa Louise Seaver, a

daughter of ex-Judge Seaver of Buffalo,
| last evening rescued Ransom Terrill of
Brooklyn from the bottom of an over-
turned boat to which he clung at Alex-
andria Bay. The young woman waa stand-
ing near the end of the hotel wharf watch-
“ing the boy sailing a sxiff near Dewey

Island when a squall suddenly overturned .

the, boat. wr A cont ¢ a aie t
pulled ‘ar youth. ‘4
rill managed 0 hang of ntl Mine. dearer
the shirt and pulled him aboard, ’

a een

S-...

The. organizers of the national league |

started in all the navy yards |
| to have all battleships and cruisers built

BRYAN TALKS IN CONNECTICUT

REPEATS HIS MADISO. SQUARE
IDEAS IN TWO MORE TOWNS.

 

 

Respectful Receptions In New Haven ana
Bridgeport —New England Bryan
League Organized to Further His In-
terests—Mellen’s Private Car Refused.

New Haven, Aug. 31.—New Haven, the
conservative, the scholarly, tendered Will-
iam Jennings Bryan a conservative;
scholarly welcome to-day.

There were some Democrats in evidence
who tried to whoop her up a bit “but their
efforts were only sporadic and unavailing
as far as the general run of the citizens
was concerned.

Yet Mr. Bryan, who has chatted with
Emperors and swapped yarna with Prime
Ministers, was not fazed.
the light of an experience.

He took the train at Grand Central Station;
New York, at 10:02. A chair car instead of
the advertised private car Connecticut, of
President Mellen of the New Haven road
had been reserved for him. With him were
about thirty citizens of more or less promi

; nence in various New England towns. Ex-
Congressman John J. Lentz of Ohio and a
party of Ohioang had come along on the
special invitation of Mr. Bryan, who wanted
to discuss the situation in Ohio with them.
They, too, wanted to urge him to stop off
in Ohio on his way to the West. He was in
consultation with the Ohio party most of
the way up to New Haven.

The train first stopped at Stamférd. Me.
Bryan went tg the rear platform to address
two dozen citizens gathered there.

“I have not much time,” began Mr,
Bryan. Then the train emphasized that face
by pulling out. At South Norwalk and
Bridgeport the train stopped, but Mr,
Bryan contented himself at those atations
by standing\ on the platform and bowing.
At Bridgeport many of, the factory hands
waved a welcome out of the windows,
which the Nebraska orator returned with
interest.

When the train drew xito New Haven;
at 12:15 o'clock, twentyj minutes late, &
crowd of about 600 ‘le at the station
allowed their New En d conservatism
to dissolvc into a shnt cheer.

Mayor John P. Studley of New Haven
and Lieutenant-Governor of the State R, 8.
Woodruff met Mr. Bryan and the party at
the car steps and escorted them to carriages.
The reporters in an insurgent mood con-
fiscated three of the vehicles and joined
the procession through the town. They
posed nonchalantly as “home folks” from
Nebraska and were much appreciated
by the townsfolk.

The cortége was heared by Holt's band
of New Haven, in new blue uniforms. Slowly
and with great show of state the proces-
sion made its way to the centre of the town,
Just as it reached the Green the second
cheer of the day was pulled off. Music Hall
in Court street was finally reached.

Mr. Troup, editor of the New Haven
Union, who was largely responsible for
New Haven’s refined reception of Mr,
Bryan, there met the guests and gave
out dinner cards. Upstairs, in the hall,
| there were seven tables, About 350 people
| sat down to a cold collation, under cards
| denoting that all the States of New England
were on deck with the large welcome. Holt’s
band arranged itself on the platform and
swung gently from the “Star Spaygled Ban-
ner” to “Tannhauser,” and back to “Every
Little Bit Helps” without embarrassment,

Mr. Bryan was seated at the head table
with Mayor Studley on his left, Lieutenant-
Governor Woodruff on his right and Toast-
master Dr. A. H. Fuller near at hand. He
was hungry. He ate heartily, save when
the local livery stableman and New
Haven's favorite sons were hrought up
for introduction.

After the coffee had been served Toastmas-
ter Fuller introduced Mayor John P.Studley.
The Mayor dwelt eulogistically upon the
past record of Mr. Bryan, his many honors
gained abroad and his position as the “ Fore-
| most Citizen.” The situation was a pecu-
liar one, said his Honor, for New Haven
was a Republican town and its Mayor was
a Republican. Yet, raid Mayor Studléy,
the people of New Haven could weleome
him in anon-partisan spirit and as a dis-
tinguished American.

Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff then followed with
a like talk.
| “We offer Mr. Bryan the freedom of New
| Haven out of the depth of our heart of
| hearta,” said the Lieutenant-Governor in
| his peroration.

Then Mr. Bryan rose and spoke, “It is
| a great pleasure to come to New England

capes

 

 

and a great pleasure to he welcomed so
| cordially by you and by the Mayor of this
| city and by the Lieutenant-Governor of
| this State, This is a non-partisan occasion;

| and I think you will recognize the difficuity
I have in keeping my non-partisan and
Democratic speeches apart.

“But out of my abundance of caution
! and exhibiting that conservation that people
say is more evident now than it used to be

{laughter}, I have tried to restrain ‘myself
to strict non-partisanship. One time dele-
gates from all the churches in my city held
ja meeting in a church for June politics,
| I waa not content to let a Republican do all
the talking, so I went and spoke.

“Next morning a Republican made a
great roar by saying that Bryan had dea-
|ecrated a church by making a political
| speech. ‘He said vote for the best man,’
said the irate Republican. So since that
time I have been more than careful.

“A trip around the wor]d such as I have
taken is a great education. I have noted
particularly the altruism of the United
States. Nothing that I-have noticed has
impressed me so much as the fact that
| America takes an interest in the whole
world. I said to an Englishman that Ameri-
ca was altruistic. The Englishman seemed
surprised. He said: ‘I thought that the
American thought of the almighty dollar
only.’ Then I told him that America sent
more money to India and China to teach
the heathen’ Christianity than England or
any other nation.

“The ideal of the American people as
presented to the Orient is that we value
the outgo more than the income. There ia
not a country that [ visited where there is
not wonderful progress in education. In

| and write. There I spoke to audience

after audience of Japanese without aa

interpreter. ‘
“There is an Anglo-Japanes alliance,
} .

AR $5 aN IN 8

He enjoyedit in .

Japan 90 per cent. of the people can read '

 

v