——_— =

a

\ a ee

VOL, LXXIV.—NO, 241.
CORONER HAS X-SCIENCE CASE

FIRST CHURCH MEMBER DIES OF
{ PNEUMONIA WITH NO DOCTOR,

 

Healers From the Charch Were There—A

Sister Who Had insisted o1 Calling In
fi a Physician Arrested on a Charge of
4 Intoxication—This Brings Coroner.

Mrs. Corinne FE. McBride, the wife of
Robert. McBride, proprietor of the new
Varina apartment house, on the northeast
corner of Broadway and Eightieth street,
and a member of the First Church of Christ,
Scientist, died at the Varuna Saturday
afternoon after a week's illness, She was
attended only by Mrs. Crowley and Miss
Duncan, healers of her church.

The law provides that where a person
cies who has not been attended by a regu-
larly licensed physician .within twenty-
four houfs the case must be reported at
once to the Coroners’ office by those having
knowledge of the death, and failure to make
such a report is a misdemeanor. Mrs,
MecPride’s death was not so reported. It
was only through the arrest of her sister,

Mra. Alice Chesan, a lecturer and magazine |

writer, at the complaint of McBride, that
the Coroner heard of the case. Mra, Chesan
was charged with “habitual intoxication,”
and when she was arraigned before Magis-
trate Walsh in the West Side police court
she told enough to get the case before the

Coroner. e

Coroner Acritelli ordered the police to

take charge of the body until he coufld in-
vestigate.
The case is complicated by the fact that
4 Dr. Alfred E. Weston, Coroner Aoritelli’s
physician, called after death
and gave a death certificate, accepting
» the word of those who had been in at-
tendanoe—the husband, Mrs. Crowley
and Mrs. Dr. Sarah E. Battey—-that Mrs
McBride's death had apparently been caused
hy pngumonia. Dr. Battey explained that
she had not attended Mra. McBride, but
as a friend had once or twice telephoned
to see what progress she was making. She
had called after hearing of the death. She
was sure as a physician that pneumonia
had caused death. Dr. Battey and her
hushand are both members of the First
Church,

Coroner Acritelli saw Mrs. Chesan in
the West Fifty-fourth street prison. She
had not the appearance of a drinking woman
but was very nervous. She declared she
was not a drinker.

“My sister,” said Mrs. Chesan, “became
: Chriatian Scientist two years ago. She
was very sincere. .She tried to convert me,
tut IT never believed in the cult and de-
clined to have anything to do with them.
Three weeks ago I took her down to Atlantic
City and she seemed improved in health
when I brought her home. But last Sun-
day she became.very ill in the.diiest Chureh
at service. She was brought home and I
wanted to call in a physician, but she pre-
ferred to have Mrs. Crowley and Miss Dun-
can. Mra. Anna Crowley, the best healer
in the church and a great friend of Mrs.
Stetson, and Miss Margaret Duncan came
over. They said that my sister was not at
all in a serious condition and if I carried
out their instructions they would easily
bring her around. They absolutely for-
bade anything like drugs, but said I could
give any kind of nourishment. They first
came in, looked at her and sat beside her
bed with their faces buried in their hands
for fifteen minutes gr so. Then they read
from time to time from Science and Health,
and then they prayed again They kept

was in

 

o'clock,
she knew she was losing ground.

“‘Oh, you are all right,’ Mrs. Crowley
remarked. I could not stand it any longer.
1 saw that my sister was dying. 1 insisted
on ealling in a physician and suggested
one

“"The trouble lies with you,’ said Mix
Dunean. ‘You are the discord. If you go
away it will be all right.’ I then decided to
go and went to the home of my friend, Mrs.
Harriet Blair, at 331 West Eighty-third
street. I had hardly reached there when I
heard that my sister had died. Just think
of it, the last relative I had in the world
and she died calling for me!” Mrs. Chesan
here broke down and sobbed

“I had been mursing her night and day
for the entire week and was worn out. I
got up early this morning, | think it was
ahout 6 o'clock, and decided to go over and
sit a little while with my sister. [had not
eaten anything for several days, had been
living on coffee, and my friend suggested
that I take a little whiskey. I did so, al-
though I seldom drink it. My brother-
in-law refused to let me see my sister's
body. 1 got excited, I admit that--who
wouldn’t?—and he had me arrested. I
was packed into a patrol wagon with two
negresses and a thief and taken to court.
} had hardly a minute before the Magis-
trate. I am locked up here without even
a nickel to telephone to friends.”

Coroner Acritelli called up Magistrate
Walsh and suggested that Mrs. Chesan
he released. The Magistrate said he would
let her out on nominal bail and would see

SS a he

r

that she had a chance to communicate |

with friends, and he called up the prison
officials and gave them instructions to that
end.

The Coroner then went to the Varuna.
There he was met by Mr. Mclsride and Mrs.
Crowley.
of the apartments. The Coroner asked
to seé the death certificate. He was told
that Undertaker Charles A. Benedict had it.
He asked if Mrs. McBride had been attended
by any physicians and was told that she
had not.

“She was cured in acience of pneumonia
three years ago,” said Mrs. Crowley. “She
was really not ill at all this time, had merely
: a bad cold.”

“Did you give her any medicines?”

“I don't think so,” said Mrs.Crowley.

Coroner Acritelli told the policeman
to let nothing further be done until he gave
orders, He then telephoned to Dr, Weston
and asked why he had not reported the
case,

“You go up there and make an autopsy,”
he said.

“I don't think it's necessary,” Dr, Weston
replied.

“Well, I want an autopsy and that's all
there is about it. I want to know if thie
woman's ailment was such that proper
medica) attention would have saved her
life. If you don’t make one I'll have some-
body else do it, If there are no facilities

that up until Saturday afternoon about 3 |
Then my sister spoke up and said

The latter seemed to be in charge |

 

there, then I'll order that body to the
Morgue.”

“Great heavens, don’t do that. These
people are all right,” protested Dr. Weston.

“Well, go ahead then.”

Dr, Weston was asked by reporters how
he got into the case. He said the first
he knew of it was about 9 o'clock Saturtlay
night, when Undertaker Benedict had
called on him and said there was a woman
| Whose doath had been sudden.

“I thought it queer until I heard it was

a case of Christian Science,” said Dr.

| Weston. “Then I went to the house and
found Dr. Battey there. I was assured

| by him that Mrs. McBride had a dase of
acute pneumonia. It was a typical case.

T was told that she had been treated by the

Science folks, and as I understood that
| this was a regularly recognized religion
‘and that the courts have recognized the

right of a patient to have that kind of

treatment I thought it was all right. I

believe this decision of the éourts is about
to be crystallized into the medical unity
law now pending in the Senate. I had not
reported the cas@ becauge it was Sunday
| and I don't go down on Sundays. The
| undertaker asked me if he should report
| it and I told him I would turn it in on Mon-
| day.”,
' Coroner Acritelli said he had never known
of a case where a Coroner’s physigian had
Assumed to take charge without first notify-
| ing the office.

“I am not prepared to say that a member
of the Christian Scientist Church has not
the right to cornit suicide by refusing to
have medical attendance, but I do know
that whenever one exercises that right—if
it is a right—it makes the case a case for the
Coroner's office.”

V. O. Strickland, the press agent for
Christian Science, assured the reporters
that there was nothing unusual about the
case.

“We called in two doctors, Dr. Battey

 

 

 

when they were called in. “Anyway can-
not a person be ill without asking for medical
assistance? Here we are you and I. If
you want a medical man you get him, if I
don't want one I don't. Aman has aright
to choose between trusting in God and
trusting in medicine. I don't see why the
Coroner bothers with this case. And it
certainly is not one for reporters.”
Dr. Weston made the autopsy last night
| and said afterward that Mrs. McBride had
died of pneumonia involving the right
‘lung and pleurisy on the right side. He
could not say absolutely whether she
would have died or not had ehe had a
| doctor, but he thought it wags more than
likely.

 

‘OVERBOARD WITH STILETTOS,

 

Italian Line Steamer Pours a Libation of
} Hardware to the Hadson.
| When the Italian Line steamship Citta di
| Milano arrived at Quarantine on Satur-
day the officers learned that there had
been a crusade in this city against the car-
| riers of revolversand stilettos. Just before
| the ship docked every one of her 1,200 im-
migrants had heard that he would get
| into trouble if he had about him, or even
| in his baggage, weapons of any sort and
| that he had better get rid of them.

The immigrants took the advice seriously
and the North River in the neighborhood
of Thirty-fourth street began to get frothy
as it might be in a strictly local hailstorm.
Dirks, stilettos, revolvers and ground-
down files began going over the rails. Some

| of the revolvers and a few knives were
} thrown on the pier, according toa chronicler
| who declares that he took pictures of them.
When the immigrants got to Ellis Island
| not a weapon of any sort was found on
| them.

|
\
!

LITTLE BALLOON GOES FAR.

Gees Fast Also—Remarkable Results of
Latest French Test.

| Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sun,

{ Paris, April 28.-The giant aerostat,
| l'Aigle, which ascended from St. Cloud
yesterday evening at 7:30 o'clock, landed
' near Blois at 10:30 this morning, having
|

|

}

|

|

1

|

 

 

travelled a distance of 100 miles. The
Micromegas, which is about ten times
smaller than l’Aigle, which ascended at
he same time, traversed a distance of
ly2 miles, landing at Persac at 7:30 this
morning.

‘Thus the smaller balloon travelled ninety-
two miles further than the larger and did it
in three hours less time. ‘The Micromegas,
however, carried only one passenger,
while the l'Aigle had ten men on board.
The latter was consequently unable to
carry more than 400 kilos of ballast and
it Was not expected that it would make a
long journey.

COL, JOSEPH E, LORD OVERCOME,

Found Unconscious tin His Room With the
fias Turned On.

Col. Joseph E, Lord, a white haired man
60 years old, was found unconscious yester-
day morning in his room at 11 East Thirty-
first street. Col. Lord went on Saturday
night to the boarding house, where he was
» etomed to stay when in New York.
He got a front room on the top floor. It is
not known what time he retired, but when
the maid was doing the work yesterday
morning she detected the odor of gas and
traced it to the room. occupied by Col.
Lord. He was lying in bed with the gas
| pouring from the open jet. The windows
were closed. An ambulance took him to
| Bellevue. Dr. White of the hospital staff
said that there was a bare chance for re-
oovety He had not regained conscious-
ness late last night

Col. Lord belongs to the Lawyers’ Club
and is a member of Grace Church. He is
not a Regular army officer. The Rev. Kar!
Lernard of 92 Fourth avenue called at the
hospital to inquire after Col. Lord. *He
would not say anything about the Colonel.

|

 

TORNADO WRECKED TWO TOWNS,

 

Six Persons Known to Be Dead and Other
Fatalities Reported.

Datias, Tex., April 28.~-The tornado
that awept over north Texas last night did
its worst damage in Cook county. Valley
| View and Hemming were practically cle-
stroyed. Six persons are known to be
dead, and there are reports of three others.

At. Valley View the farm houses of ©. J.

McCollum, E. M. Moss, A. R. Leach, W. 4.
Maddox, R. D. Nichols and W. C. Nichols

 

were destroyed. At Celeste, the cotton
mill was da $25,000. From Gaines-
ville in a southeast course to a

ut 100 miles, many farms and
were devastated.

om ees

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Ss Noordam, for New York, was 80 miles cast of
Nantucket Nghtahip at {1 P. M. yesterday.

fter camEn’s tho fccteh
tha’ unl! tes } famous,—Ade,

| distance of
fruit or

 

 

and Dr. Weston,” he said. He did not say |

 

 

$300,000 FOUND IN DENNETT'S
MANHATTAN CLUB BED,

 

$165,000 Worth of Securities Yet Unrecov-

ered by the Trust Co. of Amertea, but
A momber of the executive committee of
stealings of William O. Douglass, the as-
yesterday he told just how much the com-
|
1

Douglass's Bond Redoces Loss to
$140,000—Facts Hitherto Concealed.
down the bara of silence regarding the
sistant loan clerk. In a long interview
pany was “out,” what the company pro-
posed to do in the matter of recouping the |
losses and to just what extent Douglass |
was trusted with securities deposited with
the concern. ,
This trustee furthermore told that it was
$300,000 and not $20,000 worth of stocks that
were hidden in Broker O. M. Dennett's
bed at the Manhattan Club and recovered
there before that gentleman could start
for Canada with them.

As things now stand the trust company |
is out just exactly $140,000. The securities |
that are outstanding, having been hypothe-
cated with various banking and brokerage
concerns by Douglass and Dennett and

; Which the company will have to redeem, |
| amount to $165,000, but from this should be
| deducted $25,000, the amount in which
Douglass was bonded by a surety company.

The Trust Company of America, how-
ever, according to this member of the
executive committee, doesn’t propose to
lose $140,000 of its surplus without a fight. |
This trustee, who speaks for others on the
| executive committee, is of the opinion |
{that the brokers and bankers that gave
Douglass and Dennett cash or the equiva-
lent to, say, one-third of the value of
the stolen securities should be made to
suffer the loss. His contention in this
regard is that if the banking and brokerage
concerns were not aware of the fact that
there was something wrong about the |
securities Dennett and Douglass offered |
they should have become suspicious when
80 small amounts of cash were asked for
on them.

“When Douglass and Dennett offered
securities worth $36,000 to secure from
$8,000 to 910,000 in cash.” said this trustee,
“doesn’t it stand to reason that a suspicion
should have been raised? Wouldn’t any
ordinary person wonder why collateral
worth just the amount wanted was not
offered instead of the excess amount?
In all of the cases where Douglass and
Dennett disposed of the stolen securities
they got nothing like the half value of
them.”

While this trustee refused to state just
what total amount Douglass's stealings
would foot up to, he admitted that many
of the estimates so far given were low. He |
did state, however, that the amount did not |
total $1,000,000.

“Taker at thé executive committeeman's

own figuring that Douglass and Dennett
realized only a part—less than a third on
the average—it can be seen that the $165,000 |
that the trust company has lost on the |
outstanding securities represents a value
of nearly $500,000. Adding the $300,000
found in the bed of Broker Dennett makes
$800,000.

The trustee who talked yesterday was
reminded that it had been stated that
Douglass stole $550,000 and that ex-Mayor
Josiah Quincy of Boston had said that
when consulted in the deal Dennett had
told him that “his friend” had taken $1,000,-
000 worth of securities. The member of the
executive committee said:

“Well, the total stealings amount to a
figure between these two.”

What has become of the money Douglass |
and Dennett raised is unexplained. The |
trustee who talked yesterday said that
while he was of the opinion that much of
this had been lost in speculation he felt
sure that the pair had a shug sum tucked
away somewhere.

“Dennett was able to offer $7,000
for his release on bail,” said the trustee,
“and that would indicate that he had some
money. Furthermore, Dennett had from |
Saturday until Tuesd&y, when he was finally |
arrested, to get the money out of sight~’ |

The trustee then said that had Douglass
kept cool and not rushed away from his |

'
|
!

 

ctacemmiitiinn

cash

desk at 10:45 o'clock on Saturday morning
he could easily have got far away before
the robbery was discovered. The failure
of the assistant bond clerk to return to his
desk before closing time was what caused
suspicion,and a hasty examination of the
securities supposed to be on hand disclosed
the stealing.

Broker Dennett was escorting Mrs. Doug-
lass when employees of the trust company
saw her and trailed her that Saturday night.
President Thorne, Vice-President Dowd and
two clerks had been assigned to the Grand
Central Station. They continued , their
watch until the last train had departed at
12:10 o'clock Saturday night or Sunday
morning. This train, by the way, was the
Montreal Express. Then they decided to
go home.

The two clerks came acroas Mrs. Douglass
in the subway station and followed her
and the man who was escorting her. They |
afterward followed the escort to the Man-
hattan Club and there learned that he was
Dennett. Watch was kept on the chib and
on him and when he came out of the club
on Monday he was made to go back and dig
up the $300,000 in bonds from his bed. There |
were 1,000 shares of Pennsylvania, some
shares of Interborough-Metropolitan stock
and some Rock Island.

“I am firm in the belief that it was the
plan to make for Canada,” said the execu-
tive committeeman yesterday. He then
told how Senge. an assistant loan clerk,
came to be able to steal so huge an amount
of securities. The Trust mpany of
America, like most other similar institu-
tions, be said, has been in the habit of keep-
ing on deposit collateral owned by persons
that had no loans standing mst it.
These securities were placed with the trust
company by men speculatively bent. The

lan was a simple one of acoommodation

or the speculators. A man wishing to
take a flyer in a certain active stock would
isaue an order to his broker to draw collateral
sufficient for the marginal deal from the
deposit at the trust company. To facili-
tate such matters theese depositors had
> ae tras company, “tence
ert. of those so oolbened. He

full power to issue securities on such orders,
as his honesty was not questioned. How-
ever, while glass was empowered to
issue this collateral, the trust company

 

 

iteelf was liable for the same, having re-
ceipted for the it. In this way +
lase was able to dish out or carry out stoke

and other securities as he saw fit and needed
oer © show his own record of the securi-
out.

eee ere ee ee

+NEW YORK, MONDAY. APRIL 29, 19

DOUGLASS GOT NEAR $800,000, | “**"*7" 5

the Trust Company of America has thrown |

| scrap if necessary.

ITH’S BODY ARRIVES,

 

Duke of Manchester Knows of No Will bat
That in Widew’s Favor.

San Francisco, April 28.—Mrs. James
Henry Smith arrived from the Orient on
the steamer Siberia late this afternoon,
bringing the remains of her husband, who
died suddenly in Japan. With Mrs. Smith
were the Duke of Manchester and the
Duchess, who was formerly Miss Zimmer-
man of Cincinnati.

Mrs. Smith declined to be seen, but the
Duke talked briefly concerning the affairs
of the widow. He said:

“The only will of Mr. Smith, of which any
of us have any knowledge is that made in

)} Scotland at the time of the wedding.

“This leaves the bulk of the estate to
Mrs. Smith. It is not considered likely
that there is a later will. We never heard
of the document which Lady Cooper is said
to have brought from England with her.”

Mrs. Smith will continue her journey to
New York to-morrow night.

BALD EAGLE FAR OUT AT SEA,

 

 

 

Rests for 100 Miles on the Anchor Liner
Columbia's Masts.
The Anchor liner Columbia, in yesterday

from Glasgow, passed on Wednesday off |

the Banks a gas buoy alight, with siren at-
tached. The buoy was covered with barna-

‘cles and apparently had been some time

adrift, but the siren was in order and was
shrieking weirdly. This is the same buoy
that the Scandinavian-American liner Tiet-
gen reported recently drifting close along-

' side an iceberg.

At noon on Saturday near Cape Race and
far from land a fine big American eagle,
probably driven off shore by a heavy gale,
lit on the fore truck of the Columbia, The
day was mild and most of the passengers

; came out on deck to see the bird, which

gazed down unconcernedly, after the con-

' fident fashion of self-possessed Americans

No effort was made to capture the bird,
which looked as if it could put up a good
It finally flew from
the fore to the main truck and perched
there, preening iteelf as calmly aa if it was
in its aerie. The passengers watched it
closely until dusk, when it spread ite broad
wings and headed for the Yankee coast.
The ship had helped it along more than a
hundred miles.

GOERS INCOMMODED.

 

 

FERRY

 

Biock of Cortlandt Street Closed Becaase
of Water Main Break.

The thousands who desired to cross the
Cortlandt street ferry were discommoded
all last night by the complete blocking of
Cortlandt street from Broadway to Church
street. The closing of the street was due
to a break in the 12 inch water main mid-
way of the block.

The break occurred at 3:30 P. M. within
a few feet of the deep excavation of the
New York Investment building to be erected
on the site of the old Coal and Iron Exchange.
A large amount of water poured through
into the excavation, but did little damage.
About twenty feet of Cortlandt street caved
in slightly, but as the entire street in this
block is protected by heavy planking, there
was little danger. A gang of men from
the Water Department worked all night to
repair the break.

As there was a seriou# explosion of a
steam pipe at the same point a few weeks
ago the police of the Church street station
thought it best to close the street until the
repairs were made. The break is sup-
posed to have been caused by displacement
of earth due to the depth of the excava-
tion,

 

 

STROMBOLI SHAKES ITALY,

Observer at Florence Fears Mere Earth
quakes if Low Barometer Pergisis.
Special Cable Despatch to Tw Sun.

Rome, ‘April 28.—Father Alfani, director
of the Florence Observatory, connects the
activity of the voleano of Stromboli with the
recent earthquake shocks throughout Italy.
He fears the shocks will be repented if the
present barometrical depression continues.
Stromboli is emitting huge volumes of
smoke, which are accompanied by loud
rumblings. These sounds are also heard
in Calabria, on the mainland.

WIRELESS TORPEDO FIRING,

 

 

Marcon! Principle Said to Be Used Success.
fully by Spanish Officers.
Special Cable Despatch to Tag Sun.
Maprip, April 28,—Successful experi-
ments have been conducted by Spanish
officers in firing torpedoes without cables.
The system is based on the principle of
Marconi's wireless telegraphy.

SCHOOL ROBBED,

GIRLS’

 

Three Servants In Hamilton Institute and
Two Accomplices Arrested,

Five persons were arrested last night in
connection with the theft of $2,000 worth
of valuables from the Hamilton Institute
for Girls, at 3 West Eighty-first street. The
complainant in the case was Mrs. N. Archi-
bald Shaw, wife of the proprietor of the
Hamilton Institute for Boys, which is at
45 West Eighty-first street. The prisoners
were locked up in the West Sixty-eighth
street police station.

Two of them, Ellen Morris and Isaiah
Wasbington, were servants in the girls’
achool. Charles Houldin was janitor in the
boys’ school. The other persons arrested,

William and Rebecca Fields of 616 West |

Fifty-fifth street, the detectives say, had

rt of the stolen goods, and pawntickets
or the rest in a trunk*in their rooms in
Fifty-fifth street.

Mrs. Shaw missed two days ago some
silverware and jewelry and complained to
the West Sixty-eighth street police. She
believed that it wae a burglary done from
outside. ‘Three detectives found that the
servants were going about with the Fieldses
and yesterday watched that place. A
messenger boy with a telegram was stopped.
The detectives found that it was a message
to William Fields from Ellen Morris telling
him that she was in trouble and asking him
to come up to sep her. The detectives
then entered the Frelds place and found
the! dink.

WH CCKED BRIDGE SAVES TRAIN,

 

 

 

Girder Turned Up by Locomotive’s Plunge

 

 

SSN.

MAYOR AND WIGWAM AT PEACE

ELLISON AND BIG TIM ARE A
BOARD OF ARBITRATION.

 

 

First Meeting Te-day te Reconcile Differ-
ences-The Mayor Will Drop Political
Activities—Peoolrooms Not Likely to
Benent— Where Dees Feaiherson Stand?

Following the atory in Tax Sun of Sunday
that Corporation Counsel William B. Elli-
son had been adopted by Mayor MoClellan
as his adviser in political affairs'came a
much more important announcement yes-
terday from Mr. Ellison himeelf. It is that
Mayor McClellan has decided to end the
warfare between himself and the Tammany
Hall organization and to that end has ap-
pointed Mr. Ellison to represent him in
conferences with a representative of the
Democratic organization.

Mr. Ellison said last night that he be-
j lieved that this representative would be
! no other than Big Tim Sullivan and indeed
| that a conference between the two had
‘been arranged for this morning at 10:30
' o'clock in the Corporation Counsel's office.

| This is to be the first of a series of such
‘ conferences, if more than one is found
necessary, and when they have been brought
to an end the full terms of complete peace
| between the factions long at war will have
been arranged.
Just what this may be taken to mean,
the Corporation Counsel indicated last
| night, was that Mayor McClellan was
| retire from what might be called political
} activities and would devote himself to the
administration of the city.
| This agreement came into existence only
| a few days ago when the Mayor had a chance
| to see ex-Congressman Sullivan and talk
over with him just how matters stood be-
tween the Mayor and the organization.
It was frankly recognized that the warfare

to

would not help the party and that the Tam- |

many Hall people were laying themselves

open to easy rout by quarrelling among

themselves. With this in view a serious
; step toward calling things off and burying
| the hatchet was taken.

After the talk with Big Tim the Mayor
thought over carefully what was to be
done. Mr. Ellison's advice in the matter
of the recent appointment of Police Magis-
trates had had great influence with the
Mayor and it was realized by both sides
that the appointments, made on the advice
of the Corporation Counsel, although they
may have alienated Maurice Featherson,
had been received with popular favor. On
Saturday the Mayor had a conversation
over the telephone with the Corporation
Counsel.

It was clear to those about the City Hall
that Corporation Counsel Ellison was sitting
in the golden seat, but they had very little
idea of the extent of the powers to be con-
ferred on him as a sort of Prime Minister.
Over the telephone the Mayor notified Mr.
Ellison of his-intentions and the announce-
ment met with the hearty approval of the
Corporation Counsel. He at once made
arrangements to meet Big Tim Sullivan.

“I have been selected by the Mayor,”
said Mr. Ellison last néght, “with the idea
of adjusting the differences between him
and the Tammany organization. War be-
tween them thus is virtually at an end.
An agreement to this effect was reached
only ashort time ago. With the perfecting
of the arrangement for a peace meeting
the Mayor now retires from the field of
political activities and will devote himself
to the duties of the administration.”

On what terms any agreement will be
made Corporafion Counsel Ellison was not
prepared to say last night. He did not
know what would be done about several
suits that had been brought, for instance,
in the matter of dock leases. The harass-
ing of certain activities, such as poolroomsa,
which has been ascribed in some quarters
to political differences, will prohably not be
affeéted by the sudden sounding of the call
for peace-—not if Bingham and Jerome
know it

Of course the politicians who have been
saying that Gen. Bingham was going to lose
his job kept on saying so when they heard
the news and added that McCarren wanted
the place for Deputy Commissioner O'Keeffe,
but then a wish is a votorious father of
tho ughts.

The course that the investigation of
Borough President Ahearn's administration
will now take is a matter concefning which
there is only surmise at present, but Bor-
ough President Haffen of The Bronx has
apparently been saved from the neceasity
of jumping either way.

Just which side made the first overture
for peace is not certain. The Mayor had
no hope of carrying the next primaries with
Featherson aa hia commander in chief,
but he had the power to make things ex-
tremely unpleasant. The chief reason for
the peace agreement, it is believed, ia the
fear of losing control of the whole city while
members of the party are fighting among
themeelves.

Mr. Featherson's views were not obtain-
able last night.

 

 

DAVID WILIOON'S LAST LETTER

 

nnn aspen

Concerned Matters of Business Only and
Threw No Light on the Suicide.

The letter written by David Willcox, who
afterward shot himself on the steamship
| Barbarossa, and given by Mr. Willcox to
| the chief steward to mail has been ac-
| counted for. William G. Willcox, cousin of

the dead man, said yesterday that the

letter had been delivered to a business asso-
ciate of David Willcox, to whom it was
addressed. It was of a purely business na-
ture and cast no light whatever upon the
suicide,
Mr. Willcox would say nothing concern-
ing a will. He reiterated his statement of
Saturday in which he said he was satisfied
that David Willcox” was not worried over
financial matters. His cousin had con-
siderable holdings of stock, he said, which
had been bought outright, had never been a
or and therefore could not have
lost heavily in the recent decline. The
securities which he had held were still in
hie name. :
( -iLy truth,” Mr. Willcox said, “in

Stops Pullman Cars. the 6! nt that my cousin went across

: for treatment for his eyes and that upon a

PirTsporG, April 28.—On the Wabash | faijure of that treatment he shot himself.
Railroad at Bridgeville this morning a} His eyes were not strong, and my own
fast passenger train left the rails on a treatle | opinion is that they may have been affected

crossing Chartiers Creek and with the

tender and baggage car plunged.thirty-five
feet into the stream.

Engineer M. M. W. Boyd, 34 years old,
of Rock Station, and man James Mc-
Isaacs, 25 years old, of Toledo, were killed.

She, wens part of me Ar twisted
one of the fron girders 60 ts upturned
ope served as a carer Pe me oe of
the passenger cars and prev
from leaving the rails, -

|
|

a kidney trouble, but they were not the
cause of the trip.”

 

To End Lamplighters’ Strike.
Negotiations were started yesterday be-
tween the Lamplighters’ Union and Supt.
Prendergast of the Welshach Street Light -
ing Company for a settlement of the strike
of lamplighters, The strike is expected
to end before this evening

.

 

‘ é
~ e
Mownar,: 29, 1007. ©
Partly cloudy teMiay: rain and cooler oT

 

07 ,.—Copuright, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.”

 

@BRIEN'S HOUSE AFIRE -"

Another Incendiary Blaze in Apartment
@wned by the Ex-Sherif.

Ex-Sheriff William J. O'Brien's apart-
ment house at 432 East Fifty-eighth street
was on fire again yesterday afternoon.

| There have been five fires in the house

! since April 5 and in every instance oil was
found scattered around the place where
the fire started.

Yesterday's fire, like the others, started
on the stairway, and the carpets and walls
near by were found to be saturated with
oil. The blaze was discovered by one of
the tenants before it gained much headway
and was put out without calling in the
firemen. The fire marshal and detectives
from the East Fifty-first street police station
are trying to find out who it is that wants
to burn down Mr. O'Brien's house.

 

GET THE CHIEF KIDNAPPER.

 

Se Say the Police, Arresting Pampincill tn
the Case of Salvatore Saitti.

Lieut. Petrosino and four of his staff of |
Italian detectives arresiv. Pietro Pam-
' pinelli at Catharine and South streets last
| night, believing him to be the man who
has been at the head of the Italians who
| have kidnapped five boys in the last two
| years. What they particularly wanted
Pampinelli for was the case of Salvatore
| Saitti, a six-year-old boy, taken on Jan-
uary 9 from his home at 365 Weat 126th
street.

Pampinelli passed as the husband of
Rosina Martinesi, who was arrested on
Saturday night and identified by young
| Saiti as the woman in whose rooms he
was kept prisoner for five weeks after
being kidnapped.

Pampinelli said he was 27 years old, and
gave his address as 73 Roosevelt street. He
had been away from his home for several
weeks, and the detectives had about lost
hope of getting him. Rosina Martinesi
lives at 35 Oliver steet.

 

 

 

PRESIDENT IN: WASULINGTON,

 

He and Members of His Party That Went to
Jamestown Returned at 1:30 Yesterday.
WASHINGTON, April 28.—President Roose-

velt, with Mrs. Roosevelt, Misa Ethel, Archie
and Quentin Roosevelt and the other mem-
hers of the Presidential party that went
to attend the opening of the Jamestown
Exposition, got back to Washington at 1:30
o’clock this afternoon on the United States
yacht Mayflower. The landing was made
at the navy yard, but no salute was fired;
the naval regulations prohibiting such
honors on Sunday. Only a few people
were at the yard to see the President dis-
embark. It was said at the White House
after the President reached there that he
had hada goodtime. The trip from Hamp-
ton Roads to Washington was without
incident.

NEW MEXICANS WANT HAGERMAN,

Mase Meeting Protests Against President's
Pian to Be Rid of Hiim.

Roswe.u, N. M., April 28.—A maas meet-
ing was held here last night to protest against
the acceptance of the resignation of Her-
bert J. Hagerman as Governor of New
Mexico.

The meeting was addressed by the minia-
ters and professional men of the city and
resolutions were passed asking the Presi-
dent to suspend action on the resignation
until a thorough investigation can be made
and he has heard the Governor's side of the
case.

 

 

 

BOY KILLED BY CHIEF'S BUGGY,

Accident at Coney Island While Lacas Is
Going to a Fire.

Battalion Chief Patrick F. Lucas of the
Fortieth Battalion while riding to a smal)
fire at 210 Twenty-eighth street, Coney
Island, last night ran over and instantly
killed Ernest Thompson, 15 years old, of 220
Forty-ninth street, Coney Island.

An alarm had been sent in from the house
of Stanley Villincy at 210 Twenty-eighth
street, and Chief Lucas turned out in his
runabout immediately after the fire engine
left the house. As the engine went across
Fourth avenue and Thirty-fourth street’
the boy ran out behind it to watch it go up
the avenue.

Lucas’s horse was tearing along behind
the engine and before he could-even turn
aside the boy was struck. Lucas stopped
and sent a hurry call to the Norwegian
Hospital, but Dr. Strahman said the boy's
death had been instantaneous.

The fire did $200 damage.

 

- as

 

 

—

BABY FROM GRAND CENTRAL

And Another From Bryant Park (assed
as Twins at Bellevue.

Mrs. Maggie Kelly, matron in the Grand
Centra! Station, at Forty-second street,
found yesterday afternoon a three-weeks-
old female child in the waiting room. She
turned the child over to a policeman to
take to Bellevue Hospital

Mrs. Julia Lamb, matron in Bryant Park,
also found a girl baby, three weeks old,
and forwarded it to Bellevue. The two
babies arrived at the hospital about the
same time, and the nurses in the babies’
ward, number 32, said that from appear-
ances the babies were twins.

There was no clothing or other marks by
which they oould be identified.

MAYOR SCHMITZ MAY CONFESS,

 

Approaches Graft Prosecutors With Pro-
posal for Immunity.

San Francisco, April 28.—The latest
candidate for immunity is Mayor Eugene
E. Schmitz. His representatives have
made a proposal to the graft prosecutors
which is now under consideration, though
Rudolph Spreckels and District Attorney
Henry oppose giving the indicted Mayor
any immunity.

Schmitz has offered to resign as Mayor,
make a full confession to the Grand Jury
and join the reformers.

A confession from Schmitz would in-
volve some of those “higher up” whom the
prosecution is anxious to bring {o justice.

 

 

Large Grist of Armed Iallans in The Bronx.

Acting Captain Price of The Bronx deteo-
tive bureau was out after armed Italians
again yesterday. A week ago last Saturday
Price with hie men “risked,” so he says,
1,000 Italians, but got only three weapons.
He rounded up twenty-eight well armed
men yesterday. Most of them carried knives
or razors. ve had revolvers. Only two
of the captives were residents of The Bronx.
The others had come dgwn from the upper
villages to visit. were all looked up
* in the Morrieania police station,

f

 

 

; only a minority.

|

fresh east winds.

PRICE TWO CBNTS.
OHIO COMMITTEE FIRST PRIZE,

TAFT’S BOOMERS NOW CLAIM TO
CONTROL A MAJORITY,

 

    
    

 

Foraker People Admit the Lew of Some
Members —Reasons for Oppesing Kleo-
tten Day Primaries —Reesevelt Out to
Smash Foraker and All His Adherenta.

Cincinnati, April 28,—Seoretary Taft
is now formally before the people of Ohio
as a Republican Presidential candidate.

The authoritative announcement of Arthur
I. Vorys, manager of the Taft headquarters

at Columbus, and the speech of Representa-
tive Burton at Trenton have put the Secre-
tary in the field for Ohio's delegates to the.
national convention a year from June
next,

Before Secretary Taft came here yester-
day he and Representative Burton talked
over the Ohio situation with President
Roosevelt and the decision was reached
that Representative Burton should speak
up for Secretary Taft in an Eastern State
and that Mr. Vorys as quickly as possible
after discussing the State situation here
with Secretary Taft should proclaim to
Ohio and the middle West that the Secre-
tary was a candidate for the nomination.

‘The next scramble will be for control of
the Republican State committeé of Ohio.
It is already on. The Taft people claimed
to-day that they had a majority of the
twenty-one members of the committee.

Senator Foraker did not care to talk
polities to-day and will not for several days,
because of the death of his brother, James
R. Foraker, in this city yesterday. Friends
of Senator Foraker, though, say that they
still control the committee by a vote of
fourteen to seven. Other Foraker people
said that Secretary Taft's friends had got
away from them two or three members of
the committee. Secretary Taft's friends
asserted that now that the Secretary has
declared himself through Mr. Vorys and
Mr. Burton to be an aspirant for the Presi-
dential nomination, they would soon be in
control of Ohio's State committee and that
W. F. Brown of Toledo, chairman of the

State committee, would be compelled to
call a meeting of the committee and name
a day for holding primaries in the State.

Brown is an adherent of Senator Fora-
ker and Senator Dick. Secretary Taft's
friends want the primaries to be Lield on
election day in November. These prima-
ries would cost $30,000, and the cost is not
to be borne by the State. The Foraker
and Dick people insist that primaries called
for State and national delegates cannot
be called so as to interfere with municipal
and township elections. Adjutant-General
A. 8. Critchfield, reflecting the Foraker-
Dick interpretation at the primary situa-
tion, says; ~

The constitutional amendmehf*® \ proe
vides for municipal and local eleotiona
rate and distinct from county, State and
general elections would be violated in spirit
if a primary were ordered for next fall.

The purpose of this amendment ia to ex-
clude from municipal campaigns all issues
having no loca! significance and thus enable
each community to settle ita own affairs
without reference to outside or general con-
siderations.

The very object of the amendment, which
was adopted after years of discussion and agi-
tation, woilld be destroyed if the Presidential
or Senatorial questions were Injected inte
next fall's campaign, for the voters’ attention
would be distracted from their local issues.
I might add that some of the men who are
now insisting upon a primary were the most
strenuous in demanding the constitutional
amendment. It is a fact also that many
Republicans who favor Secretary Taft for
President strongly object to the proposition
for the reason that they want no interference
with their local contests this year.

The Foraker-Dick adherents, after ex-
tended conferences, to-night put forth the
following explanation as how the primary
plank came to be inserted in last year's
State platform:

At the Republican State convention held
at Dayton last year a plank was adopted and
made a part of the platform, directing the
State central committee in issuing its call for
the election of delegates to the next State
convention to require that they should be
chosen at primary elections.

The statutes of Ohio authorize each county,
municipality or township having occasion
to elect delegates to any convention to elect
them by primaries if it may see fit to do so.

Hereafter under the provision of the plank
referred to all delegates will have to be elected
by primaries. The immediate purpose
of adopting that plank was to break up the
practice which has obtained for years to a
greater or less extent in Cuyahoga county,
and which was resorted to by Mr. Burton
and his friends to enable them to seoure
a solid delegation to the Dayton convention
of last year

They have various methods to which they
at different times resort, but they all have
the same object in view. The method moat
commonly employed is the one employed
last year. ‘They call a maas convention of
Republicans. The committee issuing the
call has charge of the hall where the conven-
tion is to be held. It makes all arrangements
for the temporary organization of the con-
vention. As a result the hall is always in
charge of men appointed by the committee to
act as doorkeepers, ushers, 4c. The result
is the friends of the committee always get
possession of the hall and others get in only
after it is so far filled that they can constitute

i

:

q

The mass convention at the preper

time is called to order by the chairmen of

the committee, who nominates a temporary
chairman for the convention. All this ia

cut and dried. Then the next thing in order

after the organization is to appoint a com-
mittee to select delegates to the State con-
vention.

In this way the delegates weremhosen laat

vear to represent Cuyahoga. These dele-
gates consisted of sixty-eight delegates and i
sixty-eight alternates. While every man
was chosen by the committee, yet no man
was chosen by the committee unless he was
approved by Mr. Burton, and every man
who was accepted as a meuber of the dele-
gation or as an alternate was required to
pledge himself to vote for Mr. Burton or
even further than that, to allow Mr. Burton
to cast his vote for him to the end that the
county might vote as a unit.

Mr. Burton made a speech in the conven-
tion in which he advocated the unit rule, an
absolute deprivation of all recognition of
the minority, an un-American, an un-Repub-
lican proposition.

Of the aixty-eight delegates so chosen
by him twenty-one were officeholders under
either the city of Cleveland or Cuyahoga
county and fifteen of the alternates were
the same. In other words, sixty-elght dele
gates from Cuyahoga cou were not elected
by anybody. They w simply chosen
in the manner ‘indicated, without any regard .
to the rights of the minority, and thirty-six >
. y:

\