has
id

—_—_—

“VOL, LXXL—NO. 86.

 
  
 

TAKE SANTO DOMING

Insurgents Enter Capital With-
out Opposition,

WOSY GIL ON GERMAN WARSEIP,

 

f

 

President Only Seven Months—
Jiminez May Succeed Him.

Bousevclt Ready to Recognize the New
Government When It Restores Order
Will Hold It to the Agreements Made

With Us by the Wos y Gil Administra-
tlon—Arbitration of the Clainis of an
American Company One of the Issues,

Speeial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

bron) THE SUN Correspondent at Santo Domingo.

Santo Domingo City, Nov. 24.—The
Government surrendered to the insurgents
at 10 o'clock this morning, after defending
the capital for two weeks. President
Wor y Gil and his ministers took refuge
ona German wWership inthe harbor before
the victorious insurgents entered the city.

During the armistice the President had
offered to resign if the insurgents would
put the government in the hands of four
Cabinet officers, but this was rejected and
the firing was resumed. The Government
was in financial difficulties and decided to
give upthe st ruggle.

All the consulates, except that of the
United States, are strongly guarded.

A German steamer to-day landed her
cargo under the guns of the German war-

ship.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.—The State De-
partment got a telegram to-night from
W. L. Powell, United States Chargé d’Af-
fairea at Santo Domingo City, dated yes-
terday, stating that the Government had
agreed to capitulate the city to-day.

The result of the revolution is of the
greatest consequence to the United States.
A few weeks ago the insurgents served notice
on the Government, and also notified
Chargé c'Affaires Powell that they would
not recognize agreements thefeafter mada
by the de jure authority of the republic.
Subsequently Mr. Powell made an arrange-
ment with President Wos y Gil's adminis-
tration to submit to arbitration the long
pending claim of the Santo Domingo Im-
provement Company, an American organi-
zation, and at the time of Wos y Gil’s over-
throw Mr. Powell was pressing for a settle-
ment of other American claims. This
Government will not permit the new au-
thority in Santo Domingo to repudiate
arrangements made with the Wos y Gil
Goyernment. It will insist that these
arranigements.be carried out.
| According to a recent report to the Naty
Department, the revolution had its founda-
tion in disappointment on the part of Gen.
Morales, Governor of Puerto Plata, in fail-
ing to secure a Cabinet office. With other
maloontents he organized the insurrection.
It has been said that the basia of the in-
surrection was an agreement by the Wos y
Gil ministry to sell Samana Bay to the
United States, but the State Department
denied that there was any such agreement
or even any recent offer of that character.
Sefior Galvan, Minister of Foreign Affairs
under Wos y Gil, is on his way to the United
States for the purpose of offering to sell or
lease Samana Bay. Of course this Gov-
ernment will not now treat with him.
Woes y Gil evidently hoped that he could
cecure the assistanoe of the United States
in suppressing the insurrection by offering
Semana Bay for a naval coaling station.

As soon as Mr. Powell reports that the
revolutionists are in control and have
established a government capable of main-
taining order this Government will recog-
rize the new authority.

Se rior Manuel Galvan, Dominican Consul
General, when informed last night at his
home of the surrender of his Government,
was very much depressed and refused to
make any statemeht. But Sefior J. N.
Giordani, confidential agent here for the
de facto government, was happy and quite
willing to talk. He said:

“Though I have no official news, I have
heen expecting a report of the revolution's
triumph for some time. We could have
won before this. It was our consideration
{or life and property that prolonged the
ticht. To have carried the fight into Santo
Domingo City would have resulted in a
terrible loss of ‘life and to avoid this we
waited for the Government to surrender.”

lhe overthrow of the government of
President Alejandro Wos y Gil, by the
revolutionists after a conflict of just a
month, came as a great surprise to local
Dominicans who were the partisans of
the administration. It was believed that
the President had an army large enough
successfully to cope with any uprising.

Wos y Gil had been the constitutional
President of Santo Domingo only seven
months. He led a_ revolution against
President Vasquez, who had come into
power by overthrowing the administra-
tien of Gen. Jiminez. Wos y Gil, who
was formerly Consyl General here, had
served some years ago as head of the Gov-
ernment and made a capable and successful

fMicial. So when the news came of a
revolt’ started in Puerto Plata by Gen.
Carlos Morales, whom Wos y Gil had made
Governor of that State, it was regarded as
4 mere sectional affair, without national
mportance. But the movement grew in
strength, and before President Wos y Gil
had time to organize his government
properly he is deposed by men he had
befriended.

Gen. Morales, who started the revolution,
Gen Jiminez, a former President, now with
‘he insurgents, and Gen. Vasquez, who
sieceeded Jiminez. are mentioned as can-
didates for President, with Jiminez most

kely Lo be chosen. He was formerly a
merch@ht in this city. Wos y Gil made
him fiseal agent to this country and Europe

‘ith a salary’ of $12,000 as a bribe to keep
hm out of Santo Domingo, but Jiminez
'esigned and returned South.

 

Burnett's Extract of Vaniila
ed exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs.
\ar
ee
“PITTSBURG LIMITED."

haltimore & Ohio Railroad, 7:00 P. M. dally
bale $9.00; vestibuled coaches, Pullman sleepers
N&O. Teket OMces, No. 6 Astor House, 434 and
'o) Broadway.—Adr

 

NEW YORK

| FIRED ON A CLYDE LINE SHIP.

Dominican Rebels Said They Mistook Her

for a Gunboat.

The Clyde Line steamer New York ar-
[ caves here yesterday from Dominican
{ ports, at one of which, Samana, the steamer
was fired upon by the insurgents. The
New York touched at all the other ports of
, the island without being molested, although
at the capital, Santo Domingo, she was
exposed to the firing between the Govern-
ment and insurgent forces.

The New York was entering the bay of
Samana at 4 o'clock in the morning on
Nov. 11, when a shot was fired close to the
ship from the insurgent fort. Capt. Mar-
mion of the New York told this about it
yesterday:

“We were entering the west channel
about 4 o'clock in the morning, and I was
standing on the bridge, when I heard a
report, and a shell whistled over my head.
The channel is very narrow and the shore
rises into a high bluff. I never knew that
bluff to be fortified before in all my ex-
perience with Dominican revolutions,
but learned later that the insurgents had
two guns up there.

“It was impossible for them to hit us,
because they were so far above. They
might have blown off the top of the smoke-
stack, nothing more. I pretended that I
had understood the shot for a salute, and
ordered the quartermaster to blow three
whistles, Then we went in as fast as we
could, because the channel was too narrow
to turn around.”

When Capt. Marmion arrived at Samana,
and later at Sanchez, he filed a protest
with the insurgent Government. He was
told that his steamer had been mistaken
| for one of the Dominican gunboats,

MARSH ESTATE SAVES $20,000,

Justice Marean Says Huyler Acted the
Part of a Thief and a Fraud.

GOSHEN, Noy. 24.—Justice Marean pre-
sided at a apecial term of court in Goshen
to-day, at which an action was brought by
John J. Huyler, as executor of the estate
of Luther R. Marsh, once Daniel Webs er's
partner and afterward victim of Ann
O'Delia Diss Debar's spook picture frauds,
against the executors of the estate of
Clarissa J. Huyler.

The suit involved $20,000, the amount of
four insurance policies and accrued interest
on the life of Mr. Marsh, and which had
been made over by him to Mrs. Huyler,
shortly before his death. The executors
of her estate alleged that the transfer was
legitimate, and the plaintiff alleged that
undue influence had been used,

Mr. Marsh, during the last veare of his
life, lived with the Huyler family in Mid-
dletown, and Mrs. Huyler, who was a medi-
um, had great influence over hit

When Huyler took the stand to testify

i for the plaintiff, he said that on the morning
| of the day that the policies were transferred
he accompanied his wife to the room of Mr.

 

 

 

 

trance. She said that there was a tre-
mendous uproar among the spooks and that
all were greatly displeased with Mr. Marsh
becaztee of his qbstinacy in refusing to trans-
fer.the policies to Mrs. Huyler. ;

Mr. Marsh, he said, pleaded with her for
a little time, as his will was made out and
he would have to change it in order to trans-
fer the policies to her. She told him, how-
ever, to go at once across the street to the
old “long haired lawyer” and have the
change made. Mr. Marsh went and while
he was gone Mrs. Huyler said to her husband
that they would get ail the old man's money.

Justice Marean waited to hear no more
testimony.

“This man,” he said, “acted the part of a
thief and a fraud when he assisted his wife
to obtain possession of these policies.”

Justice Marean said that he would decide
the case in favor of the Marsh estate.

WEAVERS ROW WITH DURHAM.
The Forty-two Ward Leaders Pledge Sup:
port to the Party Boss.

PHILADELPHIA, Noy. 24.—The break in
friendly political relations between Mayor
Weaver and Israel Durham, the Republican
machine boss, has aroused widespr. ad ate
tention.

“You must retain Davidson as Receiver
of Taxes, or I'll veto your loan bill,” is the
position of the Mayor in his dealings with
the Republican organization.

“Veto the loan bill and we'll put it
through Councils over your veto and put
Davidson out anyway,” is the retort of the
political leaders.

Durham said to-night that all of the forty-
two ward leaders had pledged their support
to the organization candidate. State Sen-
ator Berkelbach. “I have no hesitaney in
saying that Berkelbach will be nominated
and elected,” added Mr. Durham.

Regarding a report that the Mayor ended
yesterday's interview with Durham by
{| ordering him from his office, Mr. Durham
| said;

“That is just the opposite of the truth.

He asked me to stay longer and discuss the

matter further.”

 

 

 

J. 1. RAYMOND'S HOUSE ROBBED,

Wife of the Owner of Vantine's Store Loses
#900 Worth of Jewelry.
STAMFORD, Conn.,, Noy, 24.
James I. Raymond, the owner of Vantine's
store in New York, was entered by robbers
last night while the family was at dinner,

The house of

Entrance was gained to Mrs, Raymond's
bedroom on the second story from a bal-
cony. The jewelry which was stolen was
in the dresser. -Among the articles taken
were a gold watch and chain, several dia-
mond studs, gold bracelets and several
pearls.

After dinner Mrs. Raymond went upstairs
to her room and was surprised to find the
door locked on the inside. When the door
was forced open it was evident at once that
burglars had been in the room, It is be-
lieved that they were scared off by a maid
who was in the room above, and therefore
they did not get as much as they were after.

 

GRAB FOR REAL MONEY.
Cent Falls on the Curb In the Greene Copper
Crowd.

These are dull and unprofitable days on
the Broad street ourb market, and the sight
of real money is a /uxury not often enjoyed
by the brokers. It was not surprising,
therefore, that when scmebody dropped a
cent in the Greene Consolidated Copper
crowd vesterday afternoon there was a
wild and excited scramble for it. The suc-
cessful grab was made by a broker whose
sight was rendered more than usually keen
by the aid of a pair of brilliantly polisned

glasses. His joy wasshort-lived, however, for
rasping the coveted

 

as he wasinthe act of

1
|
|
!
'
|
|
|
Marsh and there the woman went into |

 

 

|

|
|
|
|

 

|
|

prize his glasses tumbled from his nore and |

were broken by the feet of his fellow brokers
To asympathetie inquirer he explained that

the transaction had netted him a loss of

$1.79.

Four-Track News for December,
Just out, full of tnterest, boautfulls Hustrated;
r.

and jewelry to the value of $900 was taken,
‘
|
|
|
|
|
|

6 cents 4 Copy at newsdealers.

 

 

 

ODELL SEES THE PRESIDENT.

TWO TALKS AND A DINNER, WITH
PLATT AND DUNN.

Took the Midnight Train for New York
—No Bricks Flying Around, but a
Harmonious Gathering, Says Col, Dunn
Early State Convention Discussed.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 24.—The conference
on political affairs in the State of New
York, which was begun at the White House
yesterday when Senator Platt and Col.
George W. Dunn took luncheon with the
President, was continued to-night, when
Mr. Roosevelt had the same gentlemen
as his guests at dinner, reenforced by Gov.
Odell.

The Governor arrived in Washington
this afternoon in response to the Presi-
dent's invitation and went to the White
House, where he had a half hour's talk
with Mr. Roosevelt shortly before 4 o'clock.

The dinner party to-night broke up about
10 o'clock, Senator Platt and Col. Dunn
returned to the Arlington Hotel, but the
Governor remained to have a further talk
with the President. Mr. Odell went di-
rectly from the White House to take the
midnight train for New York.

Senator Platt did not talk about what
took place at the White House conference,
but Col. Dunn gave out that the talk with
the President was highly satisfactory from
every point of view.

“It was a very pleasant and harmogious
gathering,” said he. “There was fhone
of those bricks flying around that some
folks have been talking about,

“There seems to be a general idea that
this dinner was given for the purpose of pro-
moting harmony in the Republican organi-
zation in New York. There isn't going to,
be any lack of harmony, and there isn't
any trouble about the Republican party
getting toyether next year for a victory
throughout the State.”

Sensational reports that Senator Platt is
about to hand over the reins of leadership
to Gov. Odell were entirely without founda-
tion, Col. Dunn said. The thing wasn't
mentioned to-night, he declared, and the
idea wasn't in anybody's mind, 60 far as he
knew.

The matter of calling an early convention
in New York next year to elect delegates
to the national convention was spoken of,
and the opinion was expressed that ihe
eonvention should be held secon after the
primaries in New York, which take place
in the latter part of March. As for the
matter of instructing the national con-
vention delegates for Roceevelt, there was
nothing said about it to-night, Co}. Dunn
said.

“It wasn't
“for, of course, the State and the Republican
organization is for Roosevelt.”

necessary,” he continued,

 

ODELL WOULD BE U. 8. SENATOR,

 

And Set Up the Pins Now to Bowl @Out
Depew,

Gov. Odell, some of his friends sai@ at the
Republican Club last night, has attempted
to precipitaate a quarrel among the Re-
publican brethren in the Stete of New,|
York at this’ time for one or two purposes
other than to dispute the leadership of
Senator Thomas C. Platt. The first purpose
is described to be to prevent the reelection
of Chauncey M. Depew as United States
Senator. The Legislature elected next
fall will vote on Mr. Depew's successor,
and Goy. Odell's friends say that he is a
candidate to succeed Mr. Depew.

Senator Platt, it is known, has informed
Gov. Odell that he is for the reelection of
Depew.

Another purpose, according to the Govy-
ernor’s friends, and it should be remembered
that the Governor's friends tell these stories,
is, for the edvantaging of his ambition to
be Senator, to defeat M. Linn Bruce, presi-
dent of the New York Republican county
committee, and Col, George W. Dunn as
chairman of the Republican State oom-
mittee, and, finally, to have some other
fepublican than Frank M. Baker of Owego
succeed Baker as Railroad Commissioner,

As to those ambitions, a Union League
Club Republican put it this way:

“Senator Platt took Fen Odell off the tail |
of an ice wagon and made him Governor
of the State of New York, and the Governor
eannot disrupt the Republican party in the
State on the eve of an important national
election.” ; ‘

Pecause of Goy, Odell’s desire to upset
things a little ahead of the game, candi-
dates for Governor on the State ticket are
Leing scared. off. The Hon. Timothy 1.
Woodruff of Brooklyn could be notninated
if he so desired by the next epubucen
State convention for Governor, and yet Mr.
Woodruft’s friends said that he was looking
over the ground, and (hat he did not care
to go into a losing race; end, for that matter, |
the friends of other candidates were talking
the same wavy last night,

A personal friend of Mr. Woodruff who
hed been with him a good deal lately, said:

“Mr. Platt and a number of Republicans
are very favorable to the nomination of
Mr. Woodruff for Governor next year,
No matter about that quarrel between
Woodruff and Sheldon at Saratoga Springs
last year, the trouble beiween Mr. Wood-
ruff ‘and Mr. Shelden has been patched
up. Woodruff is the man to be Governor
and manage the details of the party's affairs,
The Republican organization of the State
must cluster around the man who is to
have charge of these details. Odell can- |
not dethrone Platt or Bruce; Woodruff
cannot dethrone Dady. Black and Payn
exercise at the moment very little influence
in the party. William Barnes, dJr., I hear,
wants to succeed Col. Dunn as chairman |
of the State committee,”

Out of this mess, in the estimation of
Republicans who are looking for victory
hext year, something happy is bound to
come, for the simple reason that the situa-
tion has been transposed since Samuel J.
Tilden’s time, and the more the Republicans
quarrel the better shape they are in to anter
into a contest on election day, ’

Some Republicans are bitter against
Gov. Odell because, they say, he selects
Senator Brackett and Louis F. Payn to be
his chief advisers, and, while there is no
warrant for the assumption that he has
selected Mr. Brackett and Mr. Payn, affairs
are not looking very harmonious when
somebody hands out at the Republican
Club—as was done last night—handbills
containing an editorial from the Lyons
Republican of April 24, 1902, asking “Who is
Senator Brackett?” describing him as an
“arch traitor” and other unpleasant things,
and awarding to him “the cordial contempt
of all mankind.” q

The fact thet this character was dis-
tributed by Republicans is an evidence of
the serene and placid character of the
situation at (his moment. \

Cousin William Barnes of the Albany |
Evening Journal is a graduate of Harvard |
College and Republican leader of Albany
county. He is now studying the role of the
“sweet little cherub that sits up aloft to |
keep watch for the life of poor Jack.” |

Mr. Barnes printed the following in the |
Albany Frening Journal last night: |

Senator Platt has no divine right to the |
party leadership; President Roosevelt no |
Inaliennble mortguxge upon the nomination |
for President: Gov. Odell no inherent custo |
dianship of the party's interests,

    
 
   

. WEDNESDAY. NOV

| allthree ran away and walked east on Sixty-

 

ae oes

  

a E ‘y i r 2
eer a Fe an ra % wt
Fal inane en ode

  

    

“MBER 25.

Thrown at Meadow Breok Hunt and Re-
celves Concussion of the Brain.

HEMPSTEAD, N. Y., Nov. 24.—W. Scott
Cameron's first appearance in the saddle
since he broke his collarbone, about seven
weeks ago, ended in another accident, which
is more serious than) the first. With his
left arm strapped to his side Mr. Cameron
presented himself at the Meadow Brook
Hunt Club meet at Westbury this afternoon,
much to the surprise of the other riders.

When Foxhall Keene, the M. F. H., threw
the pack on the scent, Mr. Cameron was
the first off. At the third fence, however,
his hunter stumbled and threw him to the
ground on his head. With only one arm
available Mr. Cameron was unable to save
himeelf, and when picked up he was un-
conscious. Mrs. Cameron was following in
a trap, and seeing her husband's predica-
ment went to his assistance. Mr. Cameron
was put into her trapand quickly drivento
Hempstead.

Dr. Charles G. J. Finn found that while
the weak shoulder had not been injured,
Mr. Cameron had received a slight con-
cussion of the brain and several severe
bruises. To-night he is resting quietly.

The hunt itself ended in a farce, as only
half of the hounds went the course pre-
scribed, the other half going a wild goose
chase. Of course the hunters followed the
other half and left the drag man alone at
the finish.

ADDICKS’S YACHT SEIZED.

Two Newport Men Attach the Iderim on
Claims of Debts Unpalid.

Newport, R. I., Nov. 24.—Two attach-
ments were placed on J, Edward Addicks's
sloop yacht Ilderim. The first was to sat-
isfy a claim for $260 for groceries by Fred-
erick P. Giarrettson, former Mayor of New-
port and a leading grocer of Newport, with
whom Mr, Addicks traded in the summer
of 1901 when he occlipied Belvoir, his villa
in the fashionable Beacon Hill district.

Mr. Garrettson said this afternoon that
he had been trying for several months to
collect the money, which he says Mr. Ad-
dicks owes him, but that Mr. Addicks had
ignored his repeated requests for payment,
The total damages claimed is $300, which
covers the amount of the bill and costs.

The Sheriff found the Iderim, which Mr.
Addicks bought from Cornelius Vander-
bilt four years ago, in winter quarters at
the Newport Shiovard and after making
the attachment put a keeper aboard. Mr.
Addicks was not here last season and the
Ilderim was not in commission, The case
will be called in the District Court next
week, and if it is not answered Mr. Garrett-
son will get judgment and the yacht will
be levied upon, :

The second attachment was made by
Luke Croughan, a blacksmith, who has a
bill against Mr. Addicks for horseshoeing
for $250.

NEW MEXICO INDIANS ANGRY,

They Threaten to Kill Industrial Teacher
Sent je Civilize Them.
14. WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— Indian Coramis-
sioner Jones received a telegram from
Dulce, N. M., late to-night stating that the
Jacarilla Apache tribe of Indfans was
preparing to go on the warpath and wipe
out of existence the Indian school at Lam-
berton, in that State, kill the industrial
teacher, spoil the educational plans of the
bureau and raise Cain generally.

The commission immediately telegraphed
Indian Agent Johnson at Dulce, urging him
to use every effort to quell the disturbance.
Troops will be asked for, if the agent re-
quests that this step be taken. Settlers in
the vicinity are in a state of panic.

The Jacarilla Apaches number about
one thousand and are “blanket Indians,”
which means, according to the Indian
Bureau translation, that they wear blankets,
live in tepees, worship the Indian Manitou,
participate in “sun,” “ghost,” “corn,” “war”
and other dances, and are generally un-
civilized.

William Sayles is the industrial teacher.
He went from Washington last month with
a book of instructions on “How to Civilize
the Indians.” It is said that the wrath of
the Indians was aroused over the teaching
order that the Indian pupils should take
baths.

JACKIES HAD A’ LIVELY

Four Went Overboard From Navy Tug and
Sobered Up in the Cold Water.

Thirty-five jackies and a naval officer
in uniform arrived in Jersey City at 8:45
o'clock yesterday on a Pennsylvania Rail-
road train from Vhiledelphia, The railors
had evidentiy been having a good time
somewhere, for a number of them could
not walk a chalk line to save their necks
They rolled their rollicking way through
the ferryhouse to the pier of the Adams
Express Company, at the north end of the
station, where a Government tug was wait-
ing to transport them to the Brookiyn
navy yard.

The advance guard rushed aboard the
boat and the others followed. A minute
or two later there were two splashes, and
two jackies who fell or were pushed over-
board sobered up suddenly in the cold
water.

Two other sailors jumped in after them,
and then all hands on the boat crowded
along the rail and offered suggestions and
helping hands Ropes and boat hooks were
brought into play and the four drenched and
shivering jackies were pulled aboard

The tug started for the navy yard as
soon as the rescues were cffected lt was
believed by several ferry hands who wit-
neased the embarkation that the trip would
be lively.

CONFESSES TO

 

 

TIME,

 

MURDERS.

 

Youthful Robber Under Arrest for Killing
a Detective Confesses Other Crimes.

CHICAGO, Nov. 24.--Gustave Marx, the
youthful robber who shot and killed Detec-
tive John Quinn a few nights ago, to-night
cleared up the mystery of the South Side
car barns robbery and murder committed
on Aug. 30 last and revealed the identity
of two of his companions. According to
his confession the car barn robbery was
only one of a series in which he and three
companions participated in the lest four
months.

In his confession as to the car barns
tragedy Marx implicates Harvey Vardine
and Peter Niedermeier, who have not been
arrested. Marx saya:

“I went in and ordered the men to hold
up their hands. They obeyed. Just then
Peter Niedermeier burst in the window and
began shooting. Harvey Vandine then
broke down the door with a sledgehammer.
Vandine went in and took the money. We

ee ere a eS Oe een aEneeNraeeesmaeesomnens=neepaaere oil mereommnmene meee
pa re
$$ $e

first «treet to Jackson Park and sat down
in the bushes and divided the money. This
was about $2,250, of which sum [ got about {
$750 as ny share.” |

 

    
   

ue oie,

 

". s, CAMERON HURT AGAIN. SUES W. A. CLARK'S DAUGHTER

1903 .—Copbright, 1903, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aesoctation.

 

 

MRS. VLASTO SAYS MRS. CULVER
ALIENATED VLASTO.

 

#8300,000, About, Will Cover Damage—A
Group Photo (of Two)—Vlasto Says
It’s a Political Plot to Beat Him
in Athens, Greece, for Parliament.

Mrs. Elizabeth R. Vlasto, wife of Solon
J. Viasto, a Greek, his brought sult against
Mrs. Mary J. C. Culver, a daughter of United
States Senator William A. Clark of Montana
and the wife of Dr. Everett Mallory Culver
(whom she is suing for divorce), for the
alienation of Mr. Vlasto’s affections, alleging
damages of no less than $500,000. The
summons and complaint were served on
Mrs. Culver yesterday at her residence,
175 West Fifty-eighth street, by a man
from Howe & Hummel, Mrs. Viasto’s at-
torneys.

Mrs. Culver is Senator Clark's elder
daughter and a sister of Mre. Lewis Ruther-
furd Morris. She returned from Europe
on the Teutonic last Thursday. Mr. Vlasto
returned from Europe several weeks ago.
Mrs. Viasto was at the pier when the Teu-
tonic docked, armed with a horsewhip.
She said that she was there for the purpose
of horsewhipping a relative by marriage
whom she expected to find there.

Mrs. Vlasto said at that time that this
relative whom she was bent on chastising
had broken up his own home and had
come between another woman and her
husband, and that the other woman was
suing for a divorce.

“T believe it is my duty to stop this divorce
if possible,” she ‘said, “and reunite a once
happy family. She didn't find her man at
the pier and made no attempt to speak to
Mrs. Culver,

Viasto is about 50 years old, with snow
white hair and beard. He has been in this
country something like thirty yeara. For
some time he has had an office with his
brother, Demetrius, at 2 and 4 Stone street.
Demetrius is the editor of a Greek paper
called Atlantis. Solon used to be an im-
porter of brimstone and coffee. He is well
known at the Waldorf-Astoria, Delmon-
ico’s and Sherry's.

He is a native of the island of Syra, off
the coast of Greece, and his father was
a school teacher. He married his wife,
who is an Engiish woman, about twenty-
eight years ago. They have a son, who is
about 26 years old, who is a conductor on a
Western railroad and lives in Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. Viasto seperated some time
ago. The wife is now living at the Hotel
Westminster. Im her complaint she al-
leges, according to Mr. Hummel, that Mrs.
Culver and Vilesto have spent much time
together in the last year in New York,
France and Switzerland, It was said at
Howe & Hummel’s office yesterday that
there is a photograph of Mrs. Culver and
Viasto taken together at one of the Euro-
pean capitals. Vlasto, it is said, is dressed,
in the picture, in Oriental costume,

Mrs. Vlasto denied herself to reporters
last evening and Mrs. Culver was ill. She
referred all ‘inquirers to her attorney,
Henry G. Atwater. Mr. Atwater, at his
home, in East Orange, last night said:

“As a matter of fact, Viasto and his wife
had separated before Viasto ever met Mrs.
Culver, so Mrs. Culver could not bave alien-
ated his affections. Mr. Vlasto called on
the Culvers often. He was a friend princi-
pally of Dr. Culver, but was a friend of
both Dr. and Mrs. Culver for two or three
years. I undeérstand that the Vlastos
separated about six years ago.”

Viasto, at the Plaza Hotel last night,
denied the truth of the charges made by
his wife. He said that, while he spends
much of his time in New York, he is a citizen
of Greece, and is now a candidate for the
National Assembly from the Fifteenth
ward of the city of Athens. He said that
he has political enemies in Greece who
have inspired his wife to begin this action,
and that the charges are absurd, anyway,
since he is thirty years older than Mrs,
Culver.

KF. A, MAGOWAN MISSING.

 

 

Somebody Advertises for News of the Exe
Mayor of Trenton.

An advertisement appeared in the papers
yesterday asking for information concern-
ing the whereabouts of Frank A. Magowan,
who was very prominent in the political and
financial life of Trenton, of which city he
wus Mayor a few years ago, and who got
into considerable trouble in a financial
and marital way. Neil McCallum, a note
broker of 55 Broadway, who inserted the
advertisement, said yesterday that he had
been trying to raise money for Dr. Magowan
on some notes and that the former Mayor
of Trenton had awkwardly disappeared
with the notes. “I think he will ahew up
in a couple of days, however,” Mr. MeCal-
Jum said.

Mr. McCallum said that he understood
that Magowan had been living at hotels in
New York for some time and that he was
interested in a waterfront improvement
company in Chicago.

“Magowan told ine,” said the broker,“that
a member of the Cabinet was interested in
the same scheme.”

TO DEMANDCUSTODY Or ZIEGLER
Attorney-General Crow of Missourl Will
Appear Before Gov. Odell,

JiFFERSON City, Mo., Nov. 24.-E. ©.
Crow, Attorney-General of Missouri, re-
turned to Jefferson City this morning and
on Saturday will go to Albany, N. Y., to
appear at a hearing before Gov. Odell, set
for Monday, to determine whether the
requisition of the Governor of Missouri
for William Ziegler of New York, million-
aire, indicted for bribery, shall be honored.

Ziegler's fight to save himself from bein
brought back to Missouri probably wi
hinge on the question of whether he was
in this State at the time the offences
charged in the indictment were committed.
Mr. Crow is Prepaie to show that Ziegler
was in Missouri before, during and after
the session of the Legislature when the
crimes in connection with baking powder
legislation are alleged to have been com-
mitted.

MADE

HOMELESS BY

 

STRIKES,

 

Woman and Three Children Adrift Because
Their Man Can't Work.

Mrs. Richard Schaffel and her three
young children, Elsie, Richard and Herr
man, went to the Fifth street Fouoe station
last night homeless and penniless because
the building strikes have kept Schaffel out
of work practically ever since spring. The
family lived at 84 Second street.

Mra. Schaffel told Sergt. Kelly that her
husband went to look for work on Monday
and didn’t return. She fears that he has
killed himself. Yesterday afterncon she
was dispossessed and her furniture put on
the street. After watching their goods
till cold and hunger drove them away they
sought the aid of the police.

The woman finally took Sergt. Kelly's
advice and remained at the station a pris-
oner on the technical charge of vagrancy.
The children after getting a gocd real

were taken to the Gerry society for the |

night

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1008.
Fair to-day; cloudy to-morrow.

\

    
 

 

Sought Revenge on the Man Who Had
Discharged 600 Workmen.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

VIENNA, Nov. 24.—Instigated by a desire
to obtain revenge for the dismissal of 500
of his fellow employees, a manemployed in
railway work to-day threw a bomb into a
group of men, among whom was the con-
tractor who had discharged the men at
Arduing, Styria. Six were killed and six-
teen injured.

 

JAPANESE AROUSED.

Delay in Negotiations With Russia May
Lead to Outbreaks.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

YOKOHAMA, Noy. 24.—Public impatience
at the delay in the negotiations with Russia
regarding Manchuria is growing. ‘Trade
is impeded by the procrastination, and
public meetings protesting against the
Government's inactivity continue to be held.
One of the newspapers at Tokio has been
twice suspended for covertly urging the
assassination of the Ministers.

The Diet will meet on Dec. 5, when popular
demonstrations are feared if nothing is
settled.

 

 

RICH MEN TAKE CITY JOBS.

Prominent Citizens Appointed by Mayor
Brush to Help Along Reform.

Mount VERNON, N. Y., Nov. 24.—Dr. Ed-
ward F. Brush, who was recently elected
Mayor, is appointing some of the wealthiest
and most prominent men in the city to
offices which under the recent Democratic
administration were held by ward poll-
ticians and the small fry.

Dr. Brush announced to-day the appoint-
ment of Dr. Archibald M. Campbell to be
president of the Health Board. Dr. Camp-
bell is the wealthiest physician in the city.
He is president of the Mount Vernon Trust
Company and of the Siwanee Golf Club.
Ex-Mayor Edaon, a rich clothier, has been
appointed Police Commissioner and George
R. Crawford, president of the Westchester
Fire Insuranco Company, who draws a
salary of $25,000 a year, will preside over
the Civil Service Board at $5 a meeting.

They say that they consented to take
office for the sole purpose of helping Dr.
Brush to restore the good reputation of the
city, which suffered several jars during the
recent administration.

 

 

DINNER T0 AN ENTIRE TOWN.

Former Clerk of Senator Foraker Will
Entertain All the People of Athens, Ohio.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 24.—-United States

Senator J. B. Foraker has just received an

invitation toa big dinner to take place at

Athens, Ohio, and the host is to be George

A. Beaton, who was aclerk in the Governor's

office when Foraker was the chief executive

of the State. Beaton is a native of Athens,

but went to New York and accumulated a

large fortune. He will return to Athens

next June and entertain all of the citizens

‘of that little city at a dinner.

The dinner will be given during the week
of commencement exercises of the Ohio
University. Everybody in town may come
to the.dinner, and at the immense festival
Mr. Beaton will foot all the bills.

—_—

DELAY IN CANFIELD'S

 

TRIAL.

 

Jerome Secures It by Appealing From
Justice Sewell’s Order.
BINGHAMTON, Nov. 24.—The trial of
Ricbard Ganfield will be delayed until the
Appellate Division hands down a decision
on the appeal taken by District Attorney
Jerome on Justice Sewell’s order to show
cause why a bill of particulars should not
be filed for the information of the defendant.
Notice of the appeal was filed here to-day.
To put the trial off until next year was
the principal point fought for by Assistant
District Attorney Sanford here last month,
but Justice Sewell set the trial for Dec. 15.

 

ELEVATED PLATFORM AFIRE,

 

Several Passengers, Badly Scared, Take
Refage in a Train.

Another fire scare startled the passengers
on a Fifth avenue elevated train at the
Ninth street station in Brooklyn yesterday
afternoon. A rush for the stairs and a
possible panic wus averted only through
the cool headed action of Patrolman
Fitzgerald of the Coney Island station, who
assured the people that there was no danger.

The fire was caused by defective insula-
tion on the feed wires running under the
station platform and building. A train
from Bay Ridge was drawing into the
station and a score of women were standin
on the platform waiting to get aboard.
The flames shot up all around the waiting
passengers, Who made a rush for the exit.
There they found more flames and escape
was apparently cut off. Policeman Fitz-
gerald reassured the women by pointing
out that they could board the train,
which had stopped at the end of the plat-
form, and they did so

An alarm was turned in and the firemen

VAGHTS EAST

 

FIRE RIVER,

Blaze Destroys Architectural tron Works
in Long Island @1ity.

Fire started last night in a frame building
in the Architectural Iron Works of Richey,
Brown & Donald, at Borden avenue and
Newtown Creek, Long Island City, and
spread to the main building, a four story
frame structure. In the neighborhood
are many buildings of inflammable charac-
ter, and as the fire threatened to spread, nad-
ditional fire apparatus was called from
Greenpoint, Hunter's Point and Astoria,

The wooden buildings made a big blaze
and lighted up the East River for miles.
The loss was estimated at $3 0,000, large
part of which wason machinery and partly

nished work. The fire burned over an area
of about three acres.

 

THE PRESIDENT'S GUESTS,

 

Union Labor Leaders Meet) Cortelyou,

{

Wright and Others at Luncheon,

| Wasninaton, Noy. 24. At the luncheon

which the President gave to-day in honor
of the union labor leaders from Butte, Mon.,
he invited several other guests (o be present.
They were (Gieorge B. Cortelyou, Secretary
of Commerce and Labor; Carroll D, Wright,
Commissioner of Labor; former Attorney-
General Wayne MacVeagh and Congress-

) man Dixon of Montana.

|

|

Thirteen Miners Killed in Arkansas.

Fort Smiru, Atk., Nov, 94.— By an ex-
plosion of gas this afternoon thirteen miners
were killed in Coal Mine No. 20, at Bonanza,
Ark., twelve miles from this city. The
explosion occurred when there were abous

Ail escaped
thirteen eme-

17h men in the various sharia
without inivry exc ept the

| ployed in Entry F

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

none Tanowen KiKi SIX. | DTAH TROOPS RUSH 10 HINES,

 

ITALIAN STRIKERS RIOTOUS AND
INSULT AMERICAN FLAG.

 

Keeping Non-eUnion Men From Workin
in the Coal Mines—Militia Under Ore
ders to Prevent Intinidatlon—Sitts.
tion Also ‘Serious in Colorado.

Sat LAKE, Utah, Nov. 24.—The situation
in the strike centres of the Carbon county
coal flelds became so critical to-day that the
entire State militia was rushed to the scene
of the trouble on special trains. Reports
of violence on the part of the strikers are
coming in hourly, and serious trouble ia
feared when the troops attempt to restore
order. From statements made to Gov.
Wells it appears that fully one-half of the
miners are desirous of continuing work,
but have been compelled to quit on ac-
count of assaults and threats of death.

Several hundred Italian strikers paraded
the streets of Castle Gate to-day, bearing
an American flag upside down as\a sign
of their contempt. Many red flags were
waved by Italians.

The strike in Utah was ordered by John
Mitchell, in sympathy with the Colorado
Strike. The miners demand recognition
of the union, which the operators declare
they will never grant. Every minein the
State is virtually closed, because 1,000 union
men are keeping 1,000 non-union men from
working.

Gen. Cannon, who commands the State
troops, said to-night: “We are not to be
jeered at or sneered at, and anything that /
savors of intimidation or disorder is to be
checked without delay, if it takes all the /
military force of the State to do it.”

Gov. Wells, in calling out the militia,
said: “It was a step I was extremely loath
to take, and I only decided todo so after |
full investigation. There is no question
but the facts fully warrant it. Large num-
bers of the coal miners are satisfied with
their wages and their hours and all their
surroundings. They have no grievance
against their employers, and all they ask
isto belet alone. The striking coal miners,
led by so called organizers, won't let them
alone.

“The Sheriff of the county has reported
to me that he is unable to cope with the
situation and is powerless to maintain
peace and protect life and property.

“As long as I am Governor I shall resist
the tyrannical and unlawful interference
of individuals or unions with the peaceful
pursuits of the citizens of this State.”

THREATSTO LYNCH DYNAMITERS

 

 

Vigilance Committee Organized at Cripple
Creek—Union Man Confesses.

Denver, Col., Nov. 24.--Because of the
organization of a vigilance committee at
Cripple Creek and threats of swift ven-
geance upon dynamiters, one prisoner,
against whom there is strong evidence
of an attempt to blow up a train loaded
with non-union miners, has been taken
to the penitentiary at Cafion City for sate
keeping.

Adjutant-General Bell says that one of
the men arrested for blowing up the Vindi-

cater. mine .on_ Saturday—has_ confessed

 

and implicated other union Jeadors, and
these prisoners, too, will be talen to Cafion
City or brought to Denver. Gen. Be!l
thinks that the dynamiters have just begun
their work and predicts more desperate
crimes than those already attempted.

The men now at work in the mines are
veterans of the Cosur d’Aléne district and
will take an active part when the vigilantes,
who include leading citizens in all lines
of business, begin ridding the camp of
dynamiters.

COLORADO TO GET FEDERAL AID.

1,000 Rif_les and Equipment for 1,000 Men
to Be Sent at Once.

WasHInaTon, Nov. 24.--Another appeal
for Federal aid toward suppressing the
strike disturbances in Colorado was recelved |
at the War Department this afternoon from
Gov. Peabody.

His request, several days ago, for troops
of the Regular army having been refused
by the President on the ground that the
militia had not yet been proved powerless
to handle the situation, Gov. Peabody '
asked to-day for arms and clothing so that
he could reenforce the militia already called

out.

Several telegrams on this subject were
received during the afternoon, and by
special direction of Seoretury Root orders
were immediately issued by the suppiv
bureaus for the shipment to-night of the
articles called for,

In one despatch Gov. Peabody asked for
1,000 rifles, and this was referred to Gen,
Crozier, Chief of Ordnance, who had tele-

rams sent to Rock Island Arsenal, Rock
foland, Ill, to forward the arms by express
without any delay. No ammunition was ,
asked for, and it is presumed that the Coloe
rado National Guard has on hand all the
ammunition that is needed

Another telegram aslked for uniforms,
overcoats, shoes and other equinment for
1,000 men, and by order of Gen. Humphrey,
Quartermaster-General, shipment of this
material will be made to-night from the’
depot in Philadelphia

It was said at the War Department that
while Gen, Gates, who was sent to Colorado
to investigate the strike situation: and ree
port upon the necessity of having Federal
troops sent there, had reno ved tis arrival
inthe disturbed region, no further report has

 

been received from lim, though be is exe
pected to inform the Departiuent as scon
as possible of the extent of the disturb.

ance and the ability of the Covernor of
Colorado to meet the sitiation

GRUBER APPEALS TO ODULL

To Help Fut Gut Bruce -Parsonus Would
Unseet Manchester,

Alderman Herbert) Parsons, who is the
new Republican leader of the ‘Twenty-
fifth district, said yesterday that his dele-
gates to the county commi'tee would vote
against George RK. Manchester for reelec-
tion as secretary, at the meeting for organ-
ization in December. Manchester liver in
the district, but supported dienry Birrell
in the last primaries

Abe Gruber is geinggto put upa candidate
against M. Linn Bruce for president
county commitiee Mr. Bruee cores trecy
Gruber'’s district. Graver has | appected
to Gov. Odell to help tim in an efiort to
unseat President Bruce

of the

 

NEWEST VANDERBILD BARRY.
4 Girl Born to Mr. and rs. Willan k., Jr,
at Their City Mome.
A daughter was born to Mr
W. OK. Vanderbilt, Jr it th
Fast Vif! y-se

and Mrs.
r home, 25
‘diay morn-

 
 
  

venth atreet, y

 

ing. ‘The physician + right that
the baby was as fine and healthy as could
be desired and that the mother . doing
well. Mrs. Vanderbilt was \ Virginia
Fair, daughter of ihe late & or dunes

G. Fair of Califervia

Brother!iood Champagne- Wonderful.—4@y

ee

be:

ee

ms

4