VOL. LXXJ,—NO, 77,

—<—<—<—

MAY HAVE TO

OUR MINISTER REPORTS STRONG
ANTI-AMERICAN FEELING,

 

 

Revolution Not Unlikely—-Admiral Walker
at Colon to See That Present Work on
Canal Follows Our Plans—Quick Sete
tlement of Treaty Terms Expected.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.—A telegram dated
Nov. 12, received at the State Department
to-day from Arthur M. Beaupré, United
ftates Minister at Bogota, tells of a high
etate of excitement there over the events
on the Isthmus, and, to use the conserva-
tive words in which Mr. Beaupré's state-
ment {is paraphrased, he thinks that a “‘rey-
olution is not an impossibility.” Sentiment
{s particularly against those concerned in
the preparation of the canal treaty that was
defeated.

It is evident that the feeling against the
United States and Americans is very intense
at the Colombian capital, for Mr. Beaupré
indicates that it may be necessary for him
to leave. The authorities here explain,
however, that Mr. Beaupré is by no means
panicky. In his telegram he asks for specifio
permission to come away from Bogota,
but does not say that he desires to take ad-
vantage of it immediately,

In response to this part of his message
fecretary Hay telegraphed Mr. Beaupré
that he could leave Bogota at his own con-
venience, Similar instructions have been
sent to Mr, Beaupré twice before, but it
ig apparent from his telegram that he has
not understood them clearly.

The Colombian Government and the
people of Bogota now know that the United
States has recognized the Government of
Panama, and Mr. Beaupré speaks of some
ill feeling against Americans because of
the refusal of American naval commanders
to permit Colombian troops to land on the
Isthmus. Mr. Beaupré said in his telegram
of the 12th that, in accordance with Secre-
tary Hay's instructions of Nov. 6, he had
notified the Colombian authorities of tne
recognition of the de facto Government
of the Isthmus by the United States. The
Colombian Government had appeared not
to understand this information and had
asked Mr. Beaupré for an interpretation
of his communication, to which he had
responded that the communication appeared
to suflicicutly explicit,

Mr. Bunau-Variila, the Minister of
Panama, has been authorized by his Govern-
ment to open negotiations with the Am-
bassadors and Ministers of foreign natiors
in Washington with a view to securing
the formal recognition of the Panama
Republic by those nations. In accordance
with this authorization, Mr. Bunau-Varilla
called twice to-day upon M. Jusserand,
the French Minister. France has recog
nized the Isthmian Government as a Gov
ernment de facto, but has not yet accorded
recognition to it as a Government de jure.
It ebnesred from the convereations between
M. Jusserand and Mr. Bunau-Varilla that
France, before recognizing Panama as a
full-fledged Government, desires to obtain
guarantees that the rights of French citi-
zens on the Isthmus will be fuliy protected,
This, of course, refers to the interest of
French stockholders of the New Panama
Canal Company. Mr. Bunau-Varilla as-
sured M. Jusserand that guarantees of full

rotection of the rights acquired by the

nama Canal Senos from Colombia
would be furnished by the. Jsthmian Gov-
ernment, and M. Jusserand telegraphed
the Parts Foreign Office for authority to
arrange for securing these foartantess.

In a telegram received by. Mr. Bunau-
Varilla from the Government at. Panama
it is said that there is great enthusiasm
throughout the Isthmus over the manner
{n which he had been received by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The

ches of President Roosevelt and Mr.
u-Varilla on the occasion of the lat-
ter’s presentation on Friday have been
nted in the Isthmian newspapers and
ve been enthusiastically read.

Rear Admiral Coghlan telegraphed_ the
Navy Department to-day from Colon
that he arrived this morning on the May-
flower, which left Washington last Sunday.
With Admiral Coghlan on the yacht were
Rear Admiral J. G Walker, president of
the Isthmian Canal Commission, and Heze-
kiah A. Gudger, United States Consul-Gen-
eral at Panama. It was learned to-day
that Admiral Walker's mission is to see
that the work which is now being done on
the canal by the Panama Canal Company
shall not conflict with the plans prepared
by the United States for the construction
of the waterway. The work is being con-
fined to the Culebra out in accordance
with plans which are in accord, but the
company's route and the commission's
route do not follow the same lines in other

laces, and it is the business of Admiral

Walker to see that in continuing the work
the route decided upon by this Government
thall be followed. 1 other words, the dig-
ging of the canal under American control
ig to commence right away.

Rear Admiral Coghlan has assumed
command of the United States vessels
on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus.

It is believed that a Canal treaty with the
Panama Republic will have been outlined
by Secretary Hay and Mr. Bunau-Varilla
by the time the special commissioners
rent here to advise the 'stter on|
the subject reach Washingtor.. 2 hey are |
due to arrive in New York on Tuesday.
Mr. Hay and Mr. Bunau-Varilla are said
1o have had several conversations on the
gibject. and there is reason to believe that
the main features of the agreement have
already been téntatively arranged.

Tt seems to be a foregone conclusion that
the United States will secure, in perpetuity,
control of and perhaps actual sovereignty
over a strip of land extending five miles
on each gia of the canal, in place of the
strip extending three miles on each side,
which the United States was to lease from
the Colombian Government, In any event,
Panama and Colon are likely to become
possessions of the United States, and no
doubt exists that four islands in Panama
Bay will be ceded to the United States.
The negotiations are to be conducted by
Mr. Bunau-Varilla, who alone has plenary
powers in the matter. The impression
given that the special commissioners have
een invested with diplomatic functions is
corrected here, .

NoRFOLK, Va., Nov. 15.—Sunday work is
unusual at the navy yard except during war
times, but several hundred men were at
work on the hurry orders there to-day.
The principal haste is for the cruiser Olym-
pla, which is to go to Colon as the flagship
of Admiral Coghlan, but there are hurry
orders for the supply ship Glacier and the
torpedo boat Topeka. Both of these are
preparing for the same service. .

Capt. Wright of the collier Crsar, which
was finished at the navy yard last night,
kaye she will be ready to sail on Tuesday.
She dropped down to Lambert's Point this
morning, and is receiving a cargo of coal |
forthe war vessels of the Isthmian fleet.

Admiral Coghlan at Colon.
clal Cohle Desnatch to THR SUN.
trom TRE SUN Correspondent at Panama,
Panama, Noy. 15.--The American cruiser
Mayflower, having on board Rear Admiral
Coghlan, who will assume command of the ;
American squadron, and H. A. Gudger,
the American Consul-General at Panama,
arrived at Colon this morning. Rear Ad-
Walker, who aiso came on the May-:
flower on a mission in connection with the
Cana) treaty, and Admiral Coghlan will
come to Panama to-morrow. Mr. Gudger
arrived bere this afternoon and got ~n
enthusiastic reception.

 

Tila

 

aot ala cache eae
Brotherhood Champagne proseuche.—Ade

 

  

 

LEAVE COLOMBIA oh IN RO

 
  

 

 

«© MoDonald, Son of Rich St.
Man, Killed—Women New Yorkers.

Sr. JosePu, Mo., Nov. 15.—Joseph Frantis
Furlong, a travelling man from St, Louis,
shot Irving McDonald, son of John I, Mc-
Donald of St, Louis, in the Metropole
Hotel at 4 o’clock this morning. The
bullet passed through McDonald’ s stomach
and he died foi r hours later, Furlong went
to the hotel clerk, said he had shot a man,
and called for a policeman, to whom he
surrendered. Furlong eays he fired in
self defence.

Locked up in the woman's department at
Police Headquarters are Miss Grace Holt,
aged 18, and Mrs, Lester Leland Myrick,
aged 21, both of New York, and members
of “The bovernor’s Son" theatrical company
which played at the Tootle Theatre last
night.

The women say they met Furlong, Wil-
liam N. Lynch of Cleveland, Ohio, and an-
other travelling man after the performance
and lunched with them at the Schlitz Café.
Henry Ramey, a young attorney and son
of Judge Henry M. Ramey of the Circuit
Bench, Alan Vannatta, son of a wealthy
wholesale druggist, Carl Warner and Irving
McDonald, entered the café, and one of
the young men is alleged to have addressed
the women in familiar terms, which they
resented,

The women and their escorts then went
to the Metropole, where all were stopping,
and were followed by the four other men.
Drinks were ordered sent to the room of
Mrs. Myrick. She resented this and urged
the four men to leave. A fight followed
during which pocket knives were displayed
and Furlong threatened to shoot the first
person who cut him. Mrs. Myrick saw the
weapon in his hand and endeavored to
grab it.

“You don't dare to shoot,” McDonald
is alleged to have said. Furlong pulled
the trigger and McDonald fell.

Mrs. Myrick became hysterical, She
threw her arms around Furlong's neck and
cried; “Oh, brother! brother!”

“I am not your brother,” said Furlong.

The woman then said: “You deny me,
do you? I'll fix you for that.”

Furlong is a classmate of Father O'Reilly
of the cathedral of this city. He is 24 years
old. McDonald was 21 years old. dis
father is wealthy.

CAUGHT DR.GRANT LYMAN’S AUTO

Cop Hauled Himself Aboard and Lost His
Wheel in the Effort.

Dr. John Grant Lyman of 9 East Sixty-
third street was half an hour late in arriv-
ing at New Haven Field on Saturday after-
noon and missed seeing Yale make its only
touchdown. He was greatly disappointed.

Bicycle Policeman Fred Vanderpoo! of
the High Bridge station was responsible.
Dr. Lyman and a friend were going north
on Jerome avenue at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning in a big automobile, and at 170th;
street passed the cop, who decided they
were going too fast, According to Vander-
pool the machine was travelling twenty
miles an hour. The policeman says he
called out to the occupants to slow up, but
they paid no heed to his command.

Vanderpoo! is known as “Lightning Fred,”
and he chased after the automobile. The
driver, he says, went ali the faster, but
Vanderpool, according to the story told yes-
terday, succeeded in drawing alongside of
Dr. Lyman's machine.

Grabbing the wicker basket on the side
he pulled himself into the machine, landing
in the rear seat between Dr. Lyman and his
friend. In doing so the cop lost his wheel,
which was drawn under the automobile
and smashed.

Despite Dr. Lyman's protests he and his
machine were taken to the High Bridge
station, where the doct¢r gave his residence
as bail and then resumed his trip to New
Haven.

The case came up in the Morrisania police
oourt yesterday morning before Magistrate
Baker. Dr. Lyman explained to the Magis-
trate that the automobile got out of order
and that his driver could not stop it. He
was corroborated in this statement by the
driver and the friend who accompanied him.
The Magistrate discharged him,

Vanderpool prides himself on his ability
at overhauling automobiles. He has prac-
tised chasing Bronx trolley cars, on which
no speed limit is set. Vanderpool, his
friends say, rides after one of these and
jumps from his wheel to the running board

cycle.

MAY REFUSE ELKINS BEQUEST.
Gift of 8240,000 for a Home for Masons’
Orphans May Be Turned Down.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 15.—William L.
Elkins’s bequest of $240,000 for the erection

 

 

of an orphanage for the daughters of |

Masons is not likely to be accepted. The
order is disappointed that no money was
left for the maintenance of the institution
and there is at the present tine a move-
ment on foot to erect a home for aged
Masons, their widows and orphans, in the
central part of the State.

It was gaid that the order would not be
willing to support two institutions that are
similar in purpose and one of which has
a wider scope.

A legal complication has arisen also
from the fact that as the bequest was added
to the will on Oct. 12, within thirty days
of the testator’s death, it is by law inopera-
tive. KR. W. Grand Master Edgar A. Tennis
of the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania, said
to-night:

“According to the terms of the will, as I
understand it, the matter is placed in the
hands of the Masonic Home management,
which is a corporation having a_separate
body from the Grand Lodge. The man-
agement of the home will decide for itself
whether or not to accept the bequest.

“I believe that the managers are cisap-

yinted that Mr. Elkins made no provision
tar the support of the institution, The Ma-
sonic Home spends every cent it gets for its
maintenance, so that there would be no
money left for Mr. Elkins's orphanage

1

|

 

 

“The Grand Lodge contributes annually |
$1,000 for the Masonic Home and numerous |

other subordinate lodges contribute enough.

so that there is about $15,000 spent every |

year onthe home. From this it can be seen
members of the order for its support. is
evident that Mr. Elkins’s orphanage, it
erected, would look to us for support, and
I do not think that the Masons would look
with favor on such a suggestion.
“We are at work on a similar institution
of our own, The institution will cost about
$300,000 and it will require $40,000 annually
for maintenance, This is sufficient burden
for the members of the order to hear, with-
out adding the expense of the Elkins or-

phanage.”
Puke anti His Bride Back in Town.

The Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe
arrived in this city last night on the 11
o'clock express from Boston. They, will
remain at Mra. Ogden Goelet’s residence
until they sail for Europe on Tuesday onthe
Kaiser Wilhelm.

—————

ony — | read
of the car, at the same time picking up his |

$35 a month rent for the house,

 
  
  
 

OVER Seater. HERMIT WAS AN BX-DIPLOMAT

 

ITALIAN MINISTER IN MEXICO,
CHEVALIER OF THE CROWN,

Dies In an Old Ninth Avenue House, Where
He Had a Forge in the Basement
and Made Electrical Massage Machines
—Had Hoped to See Venice Again.

Along Ninth avenue, from Fifty-third
street to Fifty-ninth, they called him “Old
Luigi the Hermit.” He had lived alone
so long in the old-fashioned house at 848
Ninth avenue that the old Italian was the
best specimen of a hermit the neighbor-
hood knew of. When “Old Luigi” was
found stone dead on the floor of his bath-
room yesterday morning and papers in
his trunks showed that the old man was
the Chevalier Luigi Petich, a retired officer
of the Italian Army and Italian Minister
Resident in the Republic of Mexico when
Benjamin Harrison was President of the
United States, Ninth avenue thought it
had something worth talking about.

The Chevalier Luigi—everybody along
the avenue called him the Chevalier Luigi
after hearing the news yesterday—had
turned inventor, The house was full of
tools and of machines he had invented,
from the sale of which he hoped to repair
his broken fortunes, go back to Italy, live
for a little and then die in a style befitting
his station.

Some of the neighbors remembered that
three cr four years ago, maybe, an old man
with a great many trunks and boxes and
some furniture moved into the old-fashioned
three story and basement brick house and
pretty soon began to hammer away at
things in the basement. A grocer’8 boy
got into the basement one morning and
found him at work at an anvil, witha small
forge at his back. He told about it, and
it soon became an accepted fact that the
old man in the old house was building a
flying machine. Havin established the
vocation and identity of the new tenant
to its satisfaction, the avenue went about

its business. i ab ;
By and by a woman of distinguished
bearing and considerably younger than
“Old Luigi” moved into the house, bringing
not many trunks, but a great many dogs.
She was taken for “Old Luigi's daughter.
So that incident was, recorded and for-
gotten. Something like two years ago
the woman and her dogs left the old house
and the old man lived on there alone.
Some time after he took possession of
the house “Old Luigi” became acquainted
with Michael Dooley and his family, who
live around the corner, at 418 West Fifty-
fifth street. In the evening, after he had
hammered all day in his basement eae
“Old Luigi,” inan evening suit of a rare old
cut, would leave his house and go around
to the Dooleys’ to make a call, :
They were about the only persons in the
neighborhood he seemed to know well, and
the Dooleys never gossiped about him.
The last time he called on the Dovleys
was last Thursday or Friday. He was
in good spirits, for, as he said, he had, after
much labor, got enough of his latest in-
vention, an electrical massage machine,
ready for the market. As soon as the world,
particularly its fading dames, knew what
the machine would do in the way of ironing
out the wrinkles in the face, his everlastin
fortune would be made. Then he woul
© back to Italy and to his own Ve and
five as he had lived there in years agone,
like an Italian gentleman.

The Dooleys thought it strange when
Friday night and Saturda pique assed
without a call from thelr friend. ester-

went around to the
and pounded at the
basement windows, but got no responre.
The neighbors said they hadn't seen “Old
Luigi” for two or three days. :

Dooley went around to the West Forty-
seventh street police station and got Detec-
tive Tunny and the two broke into the
old house, where all was still, On the sec-
ond floor, going down the hall to the bath-
room, they found “Old Luigi's” body, the
head on the hall floor, the rest on the floor
of the bathroom. Coroner Scholer thinks
death was due to apoplexy. The bedy
was taken to a nearby undertaker'’s

Vhe Coroner spent all the afternoon
going over the dead man's effects. There
were anold uniform, chapeau and gold-
hilted sword and several bushels of letters
in Italian, Freech and German Many ofthe
letrers were from a woman and were dated
from Buenos Ayres. The text indicated
that they were from the dead man's wife.
Mr. Dooley said that they were and that she
ware the woman with the many dogs who
had lived for a short time in the old house
She is a Spaniard, her maiden name was
Dominica and her people, who are said to
be wealthy, live in Buenos Ayres. She
could not stand the reduced circumstances
of her husband and he didn’t want her to,

day morning Doole
house, rang the bel

| ko they agreed that she should go to her

made his fortune.
found a card which
“Chevalier Luigi Petich, ex-Minister
for his Majesty, the King of Italv, to the
Republie of Mexico.” | There were, besides
this ecard, papers showing that the ( hevalier
was receiving a pension of $65 a month
from the Italian Government. He paic
but he evi-
dently couldn't make b th ends meet,
for a dispossess notice, dated Noy. 13, was
found among the papers. q
According to the Almanach de Gotha,
the Chevalier Luigi Petich was accredited
Italian Minister, resident in Mexico on
April 6, 1888, and was still there in 1880,
Mr. Dooley said that he had understood
that Petich retired from the diplomatic
service something like sixteen years ago,
and that when he did retire he and his wife
came to the United States and bought a
place on Staten Island, where they lived
and entertained in fine style until: they
had nothing to entertain with. Then the
Chevalier came to Manhattan and took
the house in Ninth avenue.
Coroner Scholer said that he judged there
must be not far from 7,000 of the facial
massage machines stored in the barement
and he concluded, from the fact that most
of them were in cases, that they were to
ave been put on the market soon, He
also found among the Chevalier’s papers
German letters patent for a “tongue
scraper.” The Coroner not ified the Italian
Consul of the death and also the Public
Administrator. The Chevalier was 65
years old.

people until he
The Coroner also

IN TOWN.

 

rR. ©. VANDERBILT

No Longer Fears Jerome's Subpana
Servers In the Canfleld Case.

Mr. and Mrs. Reginald (. Vanderbilt

arrived in town on Saturday night and are
staying with the young man’s mother, Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, at 1 West VFifty-
seventh street.

Apparently young Mr. Vanderbilt no

; erie sie ‘ . | longer fears being served with a subpwna
that the institution is dependent VPoe He }to appear against Richard A. Canfield, in

whose gambling house it has been reported
that he once Icst a large sum, He spent a
food part of yesterday dashing about town
in his automobile.

The Court of Appeals decided in the
Lewisolin case that thesection of the Pencl
Code under which it was intended to cem-
pel recalcitrant witnesses to testify against
Canfield does not hold in their cases.

Mr. Vanderbilt was not at home when a
Stn reporter called at the Vanderbilt
mansion yesterday afternoon, It was said
there that he and his bride would remain
in the city for a week or more to attend the
Horse Show.

District Attorney Jerome, when asked
if he was still looking for Reginald Vander-
hilt in connection with the Canfield pro-
ceedings, said: “That's a matter about
which I have no statement to make.”

 

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

 

 

TRACED BY FINGER MARKS.

London Thieves Left Clue on Candle They
Handled.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Nov. 15.—Four men were ar-
rested simultaneously in different parts
of London to-day in connection with the
robbery of West End jewellers two months
ago, when they got away with $60,000 worth
of valuables,

The thieves seemed to have left no clue,
but the detectives found finger printe on
a piece of candle. These were photo-
graphed and then compared with the police
records,

The prints were found to resemble those
of a well known thief, and he and his con-
federates were traced and watched. They
returned to their’ London haunts some
weeks ago with plenty of money.

All were caught in their beds this morn-

ing by detectives disguised as milkmen,.
Part of the stolen jewelry was recovered

BROKE INTO HIS OWN SHOP.

Police Catch Mr. Bidderman’s Porter,
Who Was by an Open Safe.

Detectives Horan and Favey of the
Leonard street station arrested Herman
Eager of 24 Ridge street last night on sus-
picion that he was a burglar.

The detectives were passing the um-
brella factory of Peltz & Bidderman at
4 and 6 Lispenard street when they noticed
that the staple holding the hasp of the door
had been cut. Inside they found four
Other doors unfastened in a similar man-
ner. On the top floor was Eager, standing
before an open @@fe, with the broken locks
beside him and a lot of tools on the floor.
He was locked up

Late last night Mr. Bidderman came to
the station, identified Eager as his porter,
and said that he himself had cut the locks.
Mr. Bidderman had had an engagement
with a customer and had forgotten his
keys. Ashe hadn't time to go home for his
keys he cut open the doors, He wanted
Eager released, but the sergeant couldn't
do it.

HIRED TO COMMIT MURDER?

Woman Killed by a Negro—Says Her Hus-
band Paid Him to Do It.

WHEELING, W. Va., Nov. 15.-Mrs. Alice
Helms of Jonesville, W. Va., was murdered
last night by Richard Haynes, a negro,
who crept into her chamber and secreted
himself in a closet. When the woman was
half asleep he cut her throat with a razor.
The victim floundered from her bed and
attempted to throw herself fromthe window,
but sank back dead.

Haynes was arrested later and made a
full confession, saying that he had been
hired by Charles Helins, the husband of
the victim, to commit the deed. He said
as he had been hired he could not be pun-
ished for the crime, which would fall upon
the husband.

Helms had entered suit for divorce,
which his wife contested. The police theory
is that he desired to wed another. The
Helms were members of a well known
family and had considerable property.
Haynes was intoxicated when he com-
mitted the deed.

GREAT LABOR FIGHT NEAR?

Chicago Street Car Strike May Be Cham-
piloned by the Unions of the Country,

Cnicaao, Noy. 15.—With the announce-
ment to-day by an officer of the Chicago
Employers’ Association that the Ciidazou|
City Railway Company is determined to
break the strike of the street car men,
came a declaration from a labor leader j
that the organized labor men of the country
are back of the street railway men and will
fight their cause to the finish.

The company's answer to the propositions
of the State Board of Arbitration for con-
ciliation or arbitration of the points in
dispute seems almost certain to be a re-
fusal. ‘The storing of the company's barns
with cots and provisions is an indication |
of the preparations fora prolonged struggle. |

More rioting and disorder than in any
previous day of the strike marked the fourth
day since the walk-out, to-day,

 

 

 

 

 

CONVICTED AFTER 27 YEARS,

Man's Wife Testines Against Him in an Old
Charge of Homicide,

INDIANAPOLIS, Novy. 15.--Two months ago
a man arrived at Darlington, Montgomery
county, and went to the only hotel in the
village and registered as James Lewis.
Hardly had he placed hist name on the
register when the Town Marshal arrested
him on a charge of murder committed
twenty-seven years ago.

The marshal called him James Myers.
The stranger denied his identity, but was
soon recognized by the people of the place
as Myers and it was recalled that he had
killed James Sloan twenty-seven years
ago and immediately fled the country.

Myers was placed in jail and the trial
began a week ago. His wife, who was
the only witness to the tragedy, appeared
to be devoted to him, going to the jail every
day to see him and kissing him every morn-
ing when he was brought into court.

When she was called to the witness stand
she testified against her husband and ap-
peared anxious to make her evidence as
strong as possible by giving details that
were not involved in an answer to the |
questions propounded. She swore that
her husband told her that he intended to
kill Sloan.

The jury returned a verdict to-day, find-
ing Myers guilty of manslaughter.

 

 

 

 

GUN PLAY IN MADISON SQUARE,

Man With a Revolver Submits to a Cop
With the Mate for It.

William P. Black, a blacksmith of 205
East Twe nty-sixth street, caused some
excitement in Madison Square Park last
night. Black, who was. drunk, made a
remark to a woman which she resented.
He pulled a big revolver from his pocket
and began to dance around, waving it over
his head,

People in the park fled and Policeman
O’Cennor of the Tenderloin station met
them running into Broadway, When he
saw Black's revolver he drew his own and
pointed it at Black. Then the blacksmith
yut his away and O'Connor had no trouble
In locking him up.

TROLLEY CAR HIT SADDLE HORSE.

Rider, Calvin EL. Barton, Is Thrown On
and Breaks His Nose.
Calvin L. Barton, a young civil engineer
of 158 Madison avenue, was riding a horse
at Washington avenue and 1flst street
vesterday when a trolley car struck his
fioxse. The animal ran away, throwing its

i ‘
'

“Mr. Barton's nose was broken and he

received a number of bruises. He went

home in a cab.

 

Visit the Safe Deposit Co. of N. Y,, 140 Broadway,
secure « safe for your money and valuable
papers, $5.00, $7.50 to $500 per )car.—Ade.

 

 

GARDNER GIVES HIMSELF UP
AND FURNISHES HIS RECORD.
Turns Over to the Police a List of Bad
Checks Cashed and Board DBills
Jumped—Came From the South, He
Says—Gift to a Girl Got Him in Trouble.

A young man walked into the West Forty-
seventh street police station just after mid-
night yesterday morning and handed the
sergeant in charge a slip of paper. “Read
that,” he said, ‘I want to give myself up.”

This is what the slip said:

James L, Gardner, alias Julian Guernsey.
Wanted:

By 8. L. ee Fla , for forgery,

 

$350.

By A. M. Marshall, Savannah, Ga., for pass-
ing worthlesr check, $20.

By Howard Martin, Savannah Qa., for pass-
ing forged check, $50.

By W. C, White, Charlotte, N. C., for pass-
ing worthless check, 859.

By C. E. Doremus, president Germania Life
Insurance Company, New York. for passing
forged check, $30.

By G. E. Lopez, secretary Continental
Fire Insurance Company, New York, for
passing forged check, $50,

By Mrs. A. Venus, 342 West Fifty-eighth
street, for passing worthless check ($14)
and for board due, $14.

By L. L. Gaillard, Manhattan Elevated
Railroad Company, Thirty-fourth street and
East River, for passing worthless check,
$25.

By Hotel Normandie, New York, for toard
due, $15.04,

By M. V. @sborne Jax'ville,
passing worthless check for $20.

by Loftis Bros, & Co., Chicago, for bal-
ance due on diamond ring, $52.50.

Gardner was locked up for the night.
Detective Rice took him before Magistrate
Breen, in the West Side police court yester-
day. Rice told the Magistrate that he
was somewhat inclined to think that the
pidonens mind was unbalanced, but that

e would like time to investigate, As Gard-
ner had nothing to say he was held over
until to-day.

Mrs. A. Venus of 343 West Fifty-eighth
street, named in Gardner's list said yester-
day that a man of that name did pass a
worthless check on her and got away owing
her an $18 board bill.

“He was here about a month ago,” she

Fla., for

said. “He paid a week's board when he
came, He gave me the check on a Satur-
da

y night and then left on Monday morning
betore I had time to try to have it cashed.
The check came back from the bank,
had detectives after him, but he was such
a pleasant spoken young man that I could
not believe that he was athief. Now Icome
to think of it some of my boarders lost some
property while he was here,”

Mrs. Venus added that Gardner was
apparently well educated and was out of
work, He had spent most of his time
while at her house looking in the “Help
Wanted” advertisements in the newspapers.

Gardner said last night that he gave him-
self up to the police because for fifty-two
hours he had been on his feet without a
place to sleep or anything to eat.
reached the end of his rope.

“I was born in Yorkville, S. C.," he said,
“of a good family; as good a family as there
is in the South. I was sent to Charleston
to be educated and was graduated from
the military academy there. My parents
were dead, and I went to Tampa, Fla.,
where I found employment with my uncle,
S. L. Loury, who represented the Germania
Life and the Continental Fire Insurance
companies.

“[ got into trouble with my uncle, That
is where that $850 forgery comes in. A
rirl was primarily the cause of the trouble,
Fut I will not give her name—there is no
reason why she should be dragged into this.
While I was there I bought a diamond ring
from the Chicago firm through a newspaper
advertisement. I paid over $20 on it, but
there is still a balance of $52.50.

“LT gradurlly worked iny way to this city,
giving a tad check or two on the way, and
Was unable to get employment when I got
here. I went to live first at the Empire
Hotel and paid my board there, $24 a week
for two weeks. Then I went to live with
Mrs. Venus. I gave her a check on Satur-
day night because I expected money from
the South on Monday. It didn't come,
so I left. I went to the Linccin Hotel,
stayed there a few days, paid my bill and
went to the Normandie. I couldn't stay
there any longer and walked the streets

2 had

until I went into the station house and gave |
Julian |

the name of
and the Nor-

I used

myself up '
the Lincoln

Guernsey
mendie.”
Cardner said that he went to the offices

at

|

of the Germania Life Insurance.Company +

some days ago and presented a
yurporting to be signed by his uncle in
Tampa. The check was indorsed by
President Doremus, as he knew Mr. Loury
and also knew that Gardner had worked for
the company. <A similar transaction, he
sraid, netted him $40 at the offices of the
Continental company. Even now, he gaid,
he didn't know but what his uncle had made
the checks good.

Gardner's story was found to be true so
far as the hotels in this cit vy were concerned.
At the Normandie it was said that he left
behind some few belongings which would
cover the small board bill coming.

Gardner, who is 22 years old, was unde-
cided jast night whether he would attempt
to avoid imprisonment. He is charged
with being a vagrant. The punishment
mav be six months at the workhouse. The
only person who the police thought would
apnecr against him is Mrs. Venus, and she is
not inclined to prosecute.

REAVERS TRANSFERS PROPERTY.

 

Sald to Be Result of Bellet That He Can’t
Evade HRemoyal to Brooklyn.

It became known yesterday that on Satur-

day last George W. Beavers, the former {| far off port.

chief of the bureau of salaries and a!low-
ances of the Post Office Department, now
under indictment for his alleged connection
with the postal frauds, transferred his
property on Fiftieth and Fifty-first streets
and on Fifteenth avenue, Borough Park,
to his wife, Rosetta A. Beavers, The
transfer was recorded in the County Clerk's
office in Brooklyn on Saturday and the
consideration mentioned ig “nominal.”
The property trensferred includes the
Beavers house and about fifteen valuable
lots.

At the time that Beavers was indicted
for receiving commissions on Government
contracts for p st office supplies, it bée-
came generally known for the first time
that he was a large real estate owner in
the Borough Park section of Brooklyn.
The news was somewhat surprising, as
Beavers had never been a very high salaried
official, and the value of the property stand-
ing in his name was very large.

It has been rumored from time to time
that Beavers would transfer the property
to his wife, but it was not known that he
had actually done so until the record ap-
peared in the County Clerk’s office on
Saturday. Last week Judge Holt ordered
Beavers's rernoval to Brooklyn, There is
an appeal from this order now pending
in the United States Supreme Court. It
is helieved that the transfer of the property
in question was made because Beavers does
not believe that he can successfully fight
removal to Brooklyn much longer.

Mrs. Beavers would not discuss the trans-
fer yowtesday, _ She sald it Was lersainl Ler
husband's business and that the public
had no right to now anything about it.

 

Burnett's Extract of Vanilla
is the standard everywhere, Sold by best grocers,
—Adv.

check |

' municate with his family.

MonpDAy, NOVEMBER 16, 1008,

Rain to

-day; rain or snow, followed by

clearing and colder to-night; fair

o

AN ASIATIC LEAGUE?

Japan Said to Be Organizing One—Meect-
ings at Tokio.

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 15.—It is reported that

the Japanese are secretly organizing an
Asiatic League, with headquarters at Tokio.
The recent visits of Chinese statesmen,
Siamese Princes and Persian Ministers to
Japan are believed to have been connected
with the movement,

BOMBARDING SANTO DOMINGO.

 

 

The Revolutioniste Again Shelling the City
From Three Sides.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.—In a telegram
received by the State Department to-day
from William L. Powell, United States
Minister at Santo Domingo City, Mr. Powell
says the revolutionists are again shelling
the city from three sides. He reports the
arrival of the United States cruiser Balti-
more at Santo Domingo City.

TOOK THE STRINGHAM AWAY.

Torpedo Boat Removed by Orders From
a Yard of the Shipbuilding Trust.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 15.—The United
States torpedo boat Stringham appeared
at League Island Navy Yard last evening.
It was said at the yard that late on Friday
night, acting under secret orders from the
Government, two tugs, manned by marines,
slipped into the Harlan & Hollingsworth
yards at Wilmington, attached hawsers to
the craft and towed her away,

The Government took this action to avoid
having the boat become entangled in the
litigation following the collapse of the
Shipbuilding Trust, of which the Wilming-
ton company formed a part. President
Reid of the company denied to-night that
there had been any seizure. He said the
Stringham had been turned over by mutual
agreement. Marines whosay they were on
the tugs tell a differont story.

 

 

 

CUT OFF TWO COLLEGE YEARS.
Schools Adopt President Harper’s Plan to
Add Them to Their Curriculum,
Cuicaao, Nov. 15.—Without. a dissenting
vote, the delegates to the seventeenth
education conference of the affiliated
schools of the University of Chicago yes-
terday supported President Harper's plan
to take the first two years of college work
from the colleges and add them to the cur-
riculum of the high schools and academies.
The meeting was attended by more than
200 superintendents and principals of high

schools from all parts of the Middle West.

The chief argument in favor of the change
was that many students who are unable
to attend college, by the proposed arrange-
ment would stay in the high school and
receive the same courses that are now
taught in the freshman and sophomore
years at the college.

CAN'T EAT

 

 

AT HER TABLE,

Wife Suing for Divorce Gets an Injunction
Against Her Husband.

CLEVELAND, Noy. 15.--Alice D. Squire
has grown tired of feeding her husband,
Bert D. Squire. They live at 83 Hough
place and are well known, Mrs. Squire
filed a suit for divorce late yesterday even-
ing and asked for an injunction to pre-
vent her husband from eating at her table.

Mrs. Squire averred that she has been
supporting the family and that her husband
has been eating regularly the food she pur-
chased through her own work, and that he
has repeatedly refused to work or in any
way help to support her crthe family.

Judge Lawrence at once granted a tem-
porary restraining order.

MYSTERY OF THIRTY YEARS,
Disappearance of a Contractor Cleared
by a Letter Telling of His Death.

WILKES-BARRE, Nov.

 

 

Pa., 15.—Thirty

years ago Anton Meyers, a rich contractor |
of Hazleton, disappeared on the day that he !

drew a large sum of money from the bank
to pay his employees. It was believed he
was murdered, Three men were suspected,
but, although they were watched closely,
the police never obtained sufficient evidence
‘against them.
three strengthened the belief that murder
had been done,

Yesterday the surviving relatives were |

surprised to receive word froma friend that
Anton Meyers died a few daysagoat Brown-
town, Ohio, where he had been living for
the last thirty years. There is no explanation
why he disappeared, or why he did not com-
The relatives
hope to find something among his papers
to explain the mystery.

FISHING SMACK MISSING,
Fulton Market Hopes the Carrie Parsons’
Crew of 19 Is Safe.

The Carrie Parsons, a Fulton Market
fishing smack which left on a bluefishing
trip three weeks ago, is now two weeks
overdue and her agents, Cheesebruugh
Bros., are couvinced that ehe will never
return,

They have an idea, however, that al-
thceugh the smack was probably !ost in the
recent gale, her skipoer, Capt. Greenlew,
and the eighteen men under hira may have
been reacued und ure now beund te some

 

 

PLUNGED MAD DOG INTO WATER.

Dog Became So Frantic That the Man
Had to Let Go of His Tall.

A s'cye terrier which frothed at the mouth
and snapped at the heels of passersby
created much excitement in River street,
Hoboken, yesterday. <A longshorernan who
said he wasn't afraid of mad dogs picked
him up by the tail arid doused him in a water-
at 4 trough. ;

he water made the dog frantic and the
man had to let go. Policeman Joseph
Mayhew cornered the terrier later and shot
him. Nobody was bitten.

 

 

Injured tn Football Game With Soldiers.

Sa_t LAKE, Utah, Nov. 15.—Ray Booth,
left end of the Oregon Short Line football
team, was perhaps fatally injured in a
fierce game played with the Twenty-second
United States Battery team yesterday.
Booth was pulled out from under a fierce
scrimmage in an unconscious condition.
His spine was injured and his lege are
paralyzed, Lieut. Clark, who managed the
team, says he will court-martial the players
responsible for the rough playing.

Insane From Injuries Reeelved in Football
Game.

CoLtumBvs, Ohio, Nov. 15.--Earl Neff, 16
years of age, was brought to the State Hos-
pital for the Insane here to-day from Kings-
ton, Ohio. He is incurably insane fromm
injuries received in a game of football four
weeks ago. He sustained concussion of the
brain. He has a mania for studying elec-
tricity, which subject he was interested in
before the accident.

The suicide of one of the |

and colder to-morrow.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
» HANGS HIMSELF

 
  

   

THIEF CAUGHT

WIENER ATTACKED WOMAN WHO
REFUSED HIM A LOAN.

 

 

Hit Mrs. Golde on the Head With a Hatohet
and Tore Her Earrings From Her Ears
—Arrested at His Home—Kills Hime
self in His Cell—Lost all in Betting.

Isanc Wiener, a brass finisher, of 1553
Lexington avenue, attacked a charitable
Hebrew woman yesterday morning, hit
her on the head with a hatchet, tore her
diamond earrings from her ears and then
fled to his home. He was arrested and
taken to the East Sixty-seventh street
police station, where after having con-
feased, he committed suicide. He had
bet on the rac2s and had got into debt.

The woman whom Wiener assaulted is
Mrs. Samuel Golde of 146 East Seventy-
eighth street, who is 63 years old. Her
husband was a merchant, but retired years
ago with a comfortable fortune and has
since then, according to his neighbors,
devoted most of his time to Hebrew chari-
ties and church work.

Mr. Golde and his son Louis were at the
synagogue in East Eighty-fifth street yee-
terday morning when Wiener, shortly after
11 o'clock, went to the Golce flat, which
is on the second floor at the East Seventy-
eighth address. Mrs. Golde, according
to the story obtained by the police, was
working in the kitchen.

Wiener asked for a loan and Mrs. Golde
said that the matter would have to be re-
ferred to her husband, whom she expected
home at noon. She asked Wiener to wait
and then turned her back on him to con-
tinue her housework.

Wiener picked up a small hatchet and
without a word of warning struck the old
woman a heavy blow on the top of the head,

‘Mrs. Colde fell unconscious to the floor.
Wiener then tore from her the earrings,
which contained diamonds valued at about
$500. To do this he had to use some force, ;
and he left some ugly scratches on her |

ear.
Then the brass finisher, turned thief,
walked coolly downstairs and went home.
When Mrs. Golde regained her senses a
few minutes later she began to shout for

help. John Abrams, who lives in the flat
below heard her and went to her aid.
When he heard

what had paper ee he
told Policeman O'Connor of the Kast Sixty-
seventh street police station. Capt. Hogan
of that station sent Detectives Duffy, Ryan,

Devlin and Vandereau to the house.
By the time they got there Mr. Golde
and his son had returned home. Dr. Laza-
rus W. Zwisohn of 1085 Lexington avenue,
| who had been summoned, was putting six

stitches in the wound. Mrs. Golde had lost
a good deal of blood, but the wound is not
regarded as serious.

there are conflicting stories as to whether
the Goldes knew Wiener or whether he had
given his address to Mrs. Golde before he
Ktruck her. At any rate, Louis Golde led
the detectives to Wiener'’s house without
delay. Wiener was there and was arrested
for assault and robbery. a

At the East Sixty-seventh street police
station Wiener confessed the whole crime.
He also told the police where the earrings
were. He had bored a hole nearly a foot
long in the end of a pole supporting some
portitres, had dropped the earrings into
the hole and had then replaced on the end
of the pole the brass ornament. The police
were forced to saw several inches off the
end of the pole to get Wiener's booty.

Wiener said that he had always got alon
well at his work and had had plenty o
money until he began to bet on the horee
races last spring. At first he won, he said,
Then he got a losing streak which lasted
pretty much all summer. He. borrowed
; money to bet, hoping he could recoup,
and got farther into the hole, He went
| to the Goldes, he said, to borrow more
; and saw the diamonds.

“The temptation was too great,” he ex-
plained.

They took him to a cell. The doorman
says that at 6:30 o'clock in the evening
he saw Wiener sitting on his cot. Eight
minutes Jater when the doorman went
| downstairs he saw Wiener hanging from
| the waterpipe that ran through the cell at
the top. Wiener had made a rope of his
suspenders and a handkerchief,

When the doorman cut the man down
his body was still warm, but Wiener had
died when an ambulance came from the
Presbyterian Hospital. The ambulance sur-
gyo8 said that the man's life might have
een saved if somebody who had known
| how had tried to revive him.

Wiener was married and had three child-
ren. A stepson, whose wedding is set for
; next week, lived with him.

ZIEGLER DENIES

$e

 

CHARGES.

| Not in Baking Powder Company and Knows
Nothing of Missour! Bribery.

William Ziegler, the millionaire real
| estate dealer and promoter of Polar ex-
peditions, has issued a statement declaring
i that he knew RoLning about the action
| of the Grand Jury of Cole county, Mo,

in indicting him for alleged complicity

in the bribery scandals, and that he could
} not understand it.
| He said that he severed every connection
}owith the Royel Baking Powder Company
| as long ago as 1811 and that he does not
| belong to that or any similar company,
‘either as officer or diractor. He denied
knowing D. J. Kelley, whom the Missouri
Grand Jury has also indicted as “agent
for Ziegler” in bribing the Missouri legis-
lators.

JEFFERSON City, Nov. 15.—The indict-
ment of William Ziegler for bribery in *
connection with the baking powder legis-
lative scandal was found mainly on testi-
mony given to the Cole county Grand Jury
by Fvelvwn Baldwin, the Arctic explorer
whom Ziegler sent to the far north, and

 

 

afterward quarrelled with, yet the evi-
+ dence of W. A, Cochrane, clerk of tho
| Planters’ Hotel in St. Louis, greatly

strengthened the story.

Cochrane had refused to come before the
Grand Jury and was brought in onan attach-
ment. He was fined $15 for his failure to
appear. Cochrane brought the books of
the hotel with him, showing the arrivals
on March 10, 1901, and it is “believed that
the name of Ziegler was found among
those who registered on that date.

It is said that the arrest of Mr. Ziegler
will follow the disclosures, and it is more
than probable that a way has been found
to bring Daniel J. Kelley, the legislative
agent off rege, from his refuge in Canada.
Should this be accomplished it is believed
that other indictments will follow.

Attorney-General Crow left for St. Louis
last evening, and it is said that his mission
was to arrange for the speedy arrest and

return to this State of Zierler. Every
one is inquiring “who next?” All feel

certain that a lead has heen siruck which
will be productive of sensational develop-
ments.

LILIUOKALANI COMES EAST.
Passes Through Chicago on Her Way to

Boston to See Her Husband.

Cricaco, Nov. 15.—Ex-Queen Liliuoka-
lani of the Hawaiian Islunds passed through
Chicago yesterday on her way to Boston,
where she is to join her husband and spend
the winter. Her secretary and a few other
islanders are her companions,

“No signific e Whatever attaches to her

Majesty's present
“She ja ei

 

 

 

 
  
  

visit,” Build her secretar
mono visit ta Rasta
| where her sband resides and where she
will probably stay all winter, Of course,
she may visit Washingten. She is not gis
ing her claim fora pension from the United
States a thought. All that sbe could do
in that direction has been done.”