ee -
——————

VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 101, NEW
POWERS’ NOTE TO CHINA, | yinione! covernments is devine’ neceary

walls of Pekin

Demands are also made for unlimited
Powers regarding public works, the mainte.
nance of communication by the rivers and
oanals, the right to levy taxes and eontribu-
tiona, to collect import duties, to control the

opresentative Has Not Received In- Police, inflict punishment on the natives,
® confiscate real and personal property and

strections ~The Chinese Commissioners | the power to inflict banishment or death
Credentiale Stili Under Suepicion. | power js aleo asked to increase salaries

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUF. Gen, Chaffee has written a letter refusing
From @ Staff Correspondent to agree to the proposition to give the pro-
visional government unlimited control of
— atoriness on the

Oe Office in in- territory. He added that the Government
i should not begin public works, except auch

tructing Sir Ernest Satow {is reeponsible ,
ax ae in signing the preliminary as were temporarily necessary, Ue also
demand note which is to be presented to Tefused to agrees to give power to Increase
the Chinese Government through Li Hung salarinse, and instructed Capt. Foote, the
Chang and Prince Ching. All the other American representative In the Government,
aan bane agreed to the preliminary demands that he must not accept any remuneration

and also to the language of the full note, beyond his army pay

the text of which was cabled to England Hereafter there will be no admittance
ten days ago. As soon as the British rep- through the American gate of the Forbidden
resentative receives his instructions another city. Gen. Chaffee says that his order to
eeting of the Ministers will be called. Un- this effect was necessary because of the con-
hee his instructions demand an alteration | duct of visiting parties, some of whom had
{n the preliminary note, which, tt Is believed, | @s8saulted the eunuchs and servants, In addl-

. tion to looting
will not be the case, and uless some of the H : |
otler governmenta change their attitude The International Club waa opened here

radically, the note will be signed and pre- to-day. The several Ministers and Generale
sented to the Chinese representatives of _ — forces attended

The question of credentials of Li Hung The loot fund of the British, the pro-
Chang and Prince Ching has egain been ceeds of the spoils from Paoting-fu,
raised. When Ir) Mumm von Schwartzen- amounted to $63,000. The British Minister,
stein, the German Minister, arrived at Shang- = Eracet Satow, has given this money for
hai he saw Li Hung Chang and asked to see charity

The first train from Tlentsin since the
: s ; A informed him that
apace ga by telegraph, ap- destruction of the railroad reached here

pointing himeelf and Prince Ching representa- to-day. The line will probably be open for
tives of the Chinese Government with full general trafic next Careree? ‘
powers. fle added that he could produce The Russians have notified the Chinese
the credentials whenever necessary. Again, that the rebellion in the three eastern pro-
at Tientsin Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstetn a de of ee has been suppressed
made a eimilar request of Li Hung Chang | an as unaided efforta of the Russians The
and received a similar answer iovernment is asked to appoint local officials
It appeirs that neither Chinese Com- immediately It ts also informed that the
missioner has received an official copy of the Russtans are withdrawing their troops from
dict appointing them, bearing the great these provinces, but that a sufficient number
om The Ministers do not question the will be retained there to protect the raflroad
statements of the Commissioners that they bbe — oF sont 5,000 men is the Russian
are duly authorized to treat in behalf of the wr tion of withdrawal
Chinese Government with the foreign repre hile the lack of certified credentials
sentatives, but they know that in dealing with for the Chinese envoys may delay the final
the Chinese it {s unsafe to assume anything negotiations, it will not delay the presenta-
or to take anything for granted, 6o they again tion of the preliminary note to the Court
demanded to see the credentials, The Com- . Bingan-F u, whither {t will be sent by post
rofasioners then acknowledged that they It will take eighteen days for its delivery.

had received nothing beyoud the telegraphed
edict. They were informed that this was
ineufficient. On Friday Li Hung Chang,
through his secretary, informed the Ministers
that it would be contrary to Chinese custom
to send a special edict appointing Commis-
gioneres and defining their duties. He added
that the fact of the appointment of Prince
Ching and himself was sufficient guarantee
that they had full power to act as the repre-
sentatives of the Chinese Government.

The Ministers then demanded to be In-
formed as to whether the edict appointing | on account of ita tone.
Id Aung Chang some years ago as Commis- The correspondent further says that Gen.
sioner to settlo the terms of peace with Japan | Chaffee has informed the Ministers that owing
defined his powers. to the frequent cases of looting all persons

Li Hung Chang next proposed that Be and | are prohibited from passing the American
Prince Ching certify in writing each other's | guard when entering the south gate of the
appointment, with full powers to act. The] palace, The Ministers are offended by this
suggestion was laughed at as utterly unac- | Individual assumption of authority.
ceptable. Li Hung Chang spoke of the dis- Braiian, Deo. 9--A despatch from Pekin
tance of the Court from Pekin, the bad roads | to the Lokel Anzeiger says that the French
to Singan-fu, the present erat of the Gov- | officers suddenly stopped looting at the
ernment, and the long time that would be | Imperial Observatory on Deo. 6. This action
required to get a certified copy of the edict, | wae presumably due to instructiona from
This plea was unavailing. Late on Friday | the French War Office. The Germans,
14 Hung Chane sent word to one of the Minis- | however, continue their looting there.
ters, informing him that owing to the de- Panis, Dec. 9.-—A Pekin despatch says
struction of the Tsung-li-Yamen no copy | that M. Pichon, the French Minister, has
of his credentials as Commissioner to Japan | learned that large quantifies of arms are
was available as a model and he asked the | being imported and that troops are being
Minister to lend him his copy. This request | massed on the Indo-China frontter. He
was granted, Li Hung Chang also etated
that when the Court fled from Pekin the great must be stopped or {t would Inevitably lead
seal was left in the Forbidden city, and he | to France taking measures to ensure the
acked if the arrival of a certified copy of the | safety of the frontier and for repressing
edict without the great seal would be satis- | piracy. He added that France was deter-
factory, the seal to be attached when the | mined to do all in her power to prevent the
edict reaches Pekin. This question {s in | erave complicationa such acts might entall.

aberance bia = =

There is a question as to whether the great THE CHINA PEACE AGREEMENT.
seal is still in the Forbidden city. If it ts

  

 

 

DBLAY IN PRBASNTING 1T OAUSED
BY ENGLAND.

 

Other Nations Have Agreed, bet the Britton

Psrun,
part of the British Foreign

 

LOOTING IMPERIAL OBSERVATORY.

 

Gen. Chaffee Complains to Von Waldersee
of the Removal of Instruments.
Spectai Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Dec, 10.-The Pekin correspond-
ent of the Morning Poat says that Gen. Chaffee
recently wrote to Fleld-Marshal Count von

Walderaee, complaining of the removal

of instruments from the Imperial Observa-

tory. He adds that the Ie(ter was returned

Japan Has Instracted Her Minister ia Pekin

wrote to Li Hung Chang, saying that this |

there it je because the looters did not find

{t, all the other official seals having been te Signa it.

ately Wasnrnaton, Dec #—The State Depart-
The Ministers will held a meeting to-mor- | ment has been notified by the Japanese le-

row to decide the question of credentials of | gation that the Japanese Minister in Pekin |

 

’ coe ors nthe ntime L, un ; a .

the sey = ” me es ime Li Ht td to the terms with which China must comply
Chang has telegraphed the text of his cre+ | parore peace negotiations will be Initiated
dentials to Japan, to the Dowager Empress | The text o the agroument is now 7 the

’ iperor request that they imme- | hands of the State Department and wii
and Emperor, GAS 0 reaw ce probably be made public when the elgnatures
diately send similar credentials to bim here of all the Ministers have been attached

If the credentials are despatched by way
of Shanghal, it will take a month for them to
cet to Pekin, but {f they are sent direct from
Singan-f0 it will be eighteen days before they

 

NEW RIFLE INVENTED.

 

Taken Up by an International Syndicate

 

 

ean be delivered, To send them by way of ~To Be Tried tn German Army.
Shanghai would be the safer course, as mes- Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
senger, direct from Singan-fu are being! pears Dec 9—A Norwegian engineer

onnstantie | by forden sold ;
th ot rab _ . pied ia is manera ane , named Von Worth has invented a rifle, which,
Oe Sh it is said, eclipses all other rifles. The in-
te nai
An oMcial despatch from Sing a states vention has been taken up by an international
that ~ q t ert P
ate Tung Pu means st , od' rKansu | gendicate, including the Rothschilds and
on Dec. 2 in obedience to the order directing Herr Eberhardt, an armsmaker of Dussel-
him to return to his home as part of the pun- adore The latter will manufacture the weapon
fahment inflicted on him by the Dowager | ve ig said that the German trials of the rife
Empress. Thus the court, whi h war yj revi- were brilliantly succesaful. Emperor Wil-
ously in the power of Tung Ful Hsiang’s diam has ordered that one Hanoverian corps
troops, is free to return to Pekin if it wishes be experimentally armed with it
to do 80 ee

 

The despateh adds that the other officials | page czar PUTTING ON WEIGHT. |
f

whose punishment was ordered by Imperial
edict are undergoing their punishments,
with the exception of Prince Tuan, who has
fied, but who is being hunted for

The Dowager Empress has mnade no reply |
to the suggestion forwarded to ler through
It Hune Chang and Prince Ching that she
return to Pekin under certain conditiona,
including one that hereafter ste sleli inter-

Able

Typholdal Symptoms Disanpean ing
to Walk About His Roon,

Special Catle Despatch to VUE SiN,
Livapra, Dec 9 —The physicians attending
the Czar issued the following bulletin to-day
“lis Majesty's recovers of strength and
| general convalescence continue His weleht
is increasing The orsans which underwent

fere with the Government oat eee and | tephoidal change have resumed their normal
another that ahe live outside the capital condition, His Majes:y walked up and down
Khe has, however, telegraphed anxiously pis room to-day. ‘ulletins will probably

inquiring as to the delay in starting the peace

negotiations and demanding that she be |
quickly furnished with details of the situa- |
tion j

A meeting of the military commanders
will be held to-morrow to discuss the appoint-
ment of an International provisional gov-
ernment for Pekin. The French will not |
attend ths meeting, they not recognizing
Count von Waldersee’s authority to eall it

The international provisional government
which was established at Tientsin has been
in operation since August, and it is not likely
that it has favorably impressed the Chinese.
It is cumbersome, expensive and unsatis-
factory. Its chief object to be to
supply sinecures for military officers.

There are eight departinent heads with
salaries of $8,000 Mexican a year each. Each
of these has private secretaries, who receive
$3,000 yearly, and deputy heads, whose sal-
aries are $6,000 Then there are many other
employees who get $3,0000 year. These high
salaries condemn Western government tn
the eyes of the Chinese, who consider that
#400 is sufficient for the highest Cabinet min-

be discontinued Dew 11."

 

Nelson Relics Stolen.

Special Cable Despatch t© THR SUN,
Loxpos, Dec 10 —The Teleuruph enya that
athief entered the great painted hall of Green-
wich Hospital, which is used as a naval mu-
seum, and etole a quantity of Neleon relics,
including the Admiral's watch, several of his
medals and gold ornaments from his sword

sheath The loss is probably irreparable

Pritish Steamer's Crew Mutinies.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE Stn,
Hopart Tows, Tasmania, Dec #—The
crew of the British steamer Harlech Castle,

which recently brought 60 Australians
from South Africa to Adelaide, mutinied
to-day A number of policemen are now
on board of her

seenis

Duke of Westminster to Marry.

Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonpon, Dee &--The betrochal is ane
nounced of the Duke of Westminster to
Bheila Cornwallis. West, a sister of the hus-

 

ist band of Mrs Cornwallis-Woest, who was
er. ; formerly Lady Randolph Churehill

The salaries paid at Tientsin, which are
in addition to the officers’ pay, constitute Vessels at Taka Fast in the Ice.

A prominent question at present because a
demand is made for enlarged powers, in-
z In, Dec, 0 -J Y
cluding jurisdiction over all the adjacent on oat | gg ag pc gl
p he establishment of » | on ads ”
territories where th Pro- | over and that fifty vessels are fast in the ice,

Special Cable Lespatch to THE SUN

One Perfect Round of Perfection.

Every botue of Wprantinr’s India Pale Ale is put The service on the Pennsylvania Railroad to the
vp et e brewery. very drop of fis up to grade. | West. Sumptuous Bleeping cars, delectable dining
= ’ e7ere - one Abe * - . tite 7

has been directed to sign the agreement as |

——-—

MOVEMENT £O CALL OUT THE TRAIN-
MEN IN THE STRIKER.

Telegraphere Say Other Emplevees Will
Heip Them Oat Vote in Texas to De
So Strikers Say the Hoad Ie Already
Tied Up Trains Are Ranning Gen-
erally, However, bat on Some Divisions
They Are Operated by Telephone.

Dantas, Tex, Dec, 9 Men who are tn
charge of the atrike of the Order of Rallway
‘Telegraphers of the Gulf, Colorado and Santa
Fé avstem say to-night that the trainmen
will foin them ina day or two, ifthe strike of
the telegraphers is not settled by that time.
The trainmen had ineetings last night at
Gainesville, Cleburne and Temple to con-
sider the proposition of federating with the
operators and striking atonce

All the delegates not being present the
meetings were adjourned until thie after-
noon. At Gainesville the vote in favor of
Joining in the strike If necessary was 529 to 0.
The results of the meetings at Cleburne and
Temple have not yet been reported to the
Dallas comintttee, but ite members express
confidence that the vote over the entire sys-
tem in Taxaa will be favhrable to federation,
and the tralnmen will quit work a&@ soon as
requested to

Reports received to-day at looal head-
quarters were to the effect that of fifty-one
non-union operators who left Chicago on
Friday to take the places of the strikers tn
Texas, all but eight deserted on the way
between Chicago and Cleburne, and one of
the elght jolned the union men at Cleburne.
The other seven told representatives of the
union that they would desert at Galveston,
that all they cared for wae to get free trans-
portation to that place

The railroad oMfictals are handling passen-
ger trains on the Texas lines almost on sched-
uletime. The arrivals at Dallas to-day were
fairly regular but the freight business ts not
in good ehape.

Only freight trains scheduled on the time
cards are moving with anything approach-
ing regularity. Theyardsat Gainesville, Fort
Worth, Cleburne and Temple are badly
blocked. The Dallas yards were blocked
vesterday and this morning, but during the
dav a large amount of freight was sent out
and there 1s practically no blockade here
to-night.

GaLveston, Tex, Dec 0 --President Dol-
phin of the Order of Railway Telegraphers
in a long staternent to-night says he has re
ceived despatohes that the tie-up on the At-
chison, Topeka and Santa Fé aystem from
Chicago to San Francisoo and from Chicago
to Galveston is complete

General Manager Polk of the railroad aaid
to-night that the business of the road ta not
suffering in the slightest degree; that all trains
are leaving on schedule time, and that the
company trusts to loyal men, who are sparing
no efforts to keep the company's business
going.

Fort Wort, Tex., Dee. 9.—The Santa

Fé ia meeting with poor euccess in getting
men to take the places of the striking veren-
raphers. Late last night when the sou h
bound train came {n several hours late, there
were on board eighteen operators from Kansas
(ity. They were met at the Union station
by @ committee of strikera who were Inform
by the newcomers that they did not intend
to work, but had accept the chance to
come to Texas withont paying for the ride,
Some of the men who left Kansas City were
induced to leave the train at Topeka and at
Purcell and Pauis Valley several got off.

wo men who were sant out from nere by
the company to work at Crowley and Sonty
Anna in the place of the strikers met such
a cool reception that they threw up their
jobs and came back to town. The order to
Strike was quickly obeyed here yesterday.
One train was partly on the siding when the
hour arrived. The train stopped in that
position and there remains.

‘rcHita, Kan, Dee. 9 Te ences the
strike of telegraphers on the Santa Be
tem, General Chairman Newman of the strik-
ers gave out this statement to-night:

“At 5 o'cock thie evening the situation

from the telegraphers’ standpoint could not |
he Santa Fé Pacific men are |

well be better
out solid with net @ man working and our re
porta show that traffic is practically at a
standstill, On the Oklahoma and the South-
ern Kansas divisions the company is not
making any effort to do anything. However
ther are running passenger trains by time
eard and they are all late. The eastern di-
vision has about five men working between
Tupporta and Kansas City on the main line
Hut the Fmporia cut-off over which the freight
is bandied is tied up solid
visiou report that the men @re firm and deter-
mined and while they have about ten men

working there are not enough to handle the |
| passenger and

freight business and every-
thing ja being badiy delayed and they are
not attempting to move anything but passen-
wer trains and perishahle freight andthey are
making poor time with it

The reporta from the Gulf, Colorado and
Santa Fé slow that the men are aa firm as
ever and the company is utterly unable to
fill the places of the strikers. That road ia
now badly blocked with delayed freight

‘and the situation is becoming desperate for

, the
| to put event
| road on

company, for they are no longer able
he Jassenger business over the

time t is reported from Albu-
queque that the trainmen west of there have
refused to work anv jonger under the dan-
gerous conditions and not @ wheel is moving
The trainmen on the Gulf, Colorado and
Santa be have notified the officers that they
must settle the trouble with the telegraphers
by @ o'clock Monday morning, otherwise
they will take action
until the company comes to terms. They
cannot afferd to tie Up the road for even one
week as it now is, While we can stay ut a

| month if necessary without calling for ald

from any one

Trains on the Santa Fé are running on train
acheduie, but all are delayed = Supt 7
Tice of the western division of the Santa Fé
aa the trains will run as usual, Twenty.
e non-union men carne here to work, but
working The strikers predict
will give up within five

Pren.o, Dee %- Many Santa Fé
railroad men have quit here and at La Junta
{in avinpathy with the strike of the telegraph
operators The number out is estimated
at between 300 and 14100 in this diviston, in-
cluding all not absolutely necessary in the

 

  

or lv one je
that the company
days

Col,

 

moving Of trains ‘Lhe telephone Ys ber
used in running trains between here and
Denver

For: Maptses, la, Dee, 0. The telespaph-

ers’ strike has extended to the Chicago di-
vision of the Santa Fé An order was issued
here to-day shutting down the shope which
will effect about 500 men in the car and ma-
chine shops

fhe telegraphers on
Kanans City to Chiceazo number about 169,
one hsif of whom are out. The others do not
fee as yet why thev should go out and are
at their posts, making it possible to keep all
rewulor trains moving to-day

the division from

DR. HOUGHTON DISABLED.

Can't Preach tn the Little Charch Around
the Corner Because of an Injured Foot.
The Rev. Dr. George ©. Houghton of the

Church of the Transfiguration has been un-
able to preach for the last three weeks be-
cause of an aceldent to his foot, He was
standing in the vestibule of his chureh when
a boy opened one of the heavy doora ao sud-
deniy that the preacher could not get out of
the wey and the door caught his left foot
tearing the tendon of the big toe He will
be able to resume his church work in another
week, Behop Worthington of Nebraska
occupied his pulpit last night.

THE REV.

Friend Killed Maine Sorvivor by accident.

PaTEnsox, N J, Dee @9—Samuel Griffin,
colored, who was on the Maine when she
blew up in Havana harbor, was shot in the
abdomen in his saloon, 224 River street, at
noon to-duy and died two hours later at the
General Hospital Herman Harris, colored,
fs under Arrest for the shooting, but he was
exonerated by the saloon keeper, who said
the weapon was accidentally discharged by
Harris

 

Rarnett's Vantiia Extract
. Insist on having

'

is the best. ‘The {ftocers know |

40 V8 be Ore wang nee ena

The Chicago di- |

We are out to stay

| NE'LL BR GOOD Now.

Hagh Krieg of Mawthorne Frecntes an
Agreement Drawn Up by Mie Wife,

Patenson, N. Jd, Dec. O Hugh Krieg,
a young married man, who retdes at Haw-
thorne, a village three miles north of thia city,
appearat at Justice Key's office last night
with a document which he desired to execute
in the presence of the Magistrate Krieg
told the Justice that hia wife was a country
ait| and «a church member with queer notions
about sone things She had remonatrated
with him about hia desire to see a little of
life, and ‘bree weeks ngo when he came to
this city and failed to return home that night
she packet up and went back to her mother,
She refused to return to$him unless he signed
an agreement which she wrote ont herself,
It reads as follows

“To whom it mar concern: Inconsideration
of the fact hat me wife allows me to return
| home to reside there and enjov her compan-
; lonship, love andcare, 1, Hugh Krieg, do here-
| by promise to begin anew, treat my wife
| properly and return home before 10 o'clock
when not abroadon mutual engagementa. Ido
| promise to work for and support her as well
| asmy positioain life willallow. 1 do promise

 

further to give her all my earnings, to attend
| praver meeting, to abstain from {ntoxfeating
lquors, also from tobacoo and cigars, and in
future to conduct myself strictly in a decent,
sober, orderly manner.”
Krieg signedthis, and when the Juetice had
signed it Krieg carried it back to his wife.

BRIDEGROOM DIES OF EXCITEMENT.

 

Married on Satarday Evening and Wae Dead

Joseph Doppler, 80 years old, of 00 Bank
street, waa married on Saturday evening.
He died yesterday afternoon as the result
of the excitement caused by his marriage,
his physician saves.

Doppler became very til erly resterday
morning. His brida called to the neighbors for
help and the woman froin the flat below went
to her assistance. Doppler didn't get anv
better and Dr. W. H. Molntyre of 2230 West
Eleventh street wae oalled in, but the bride-
groom died just before ¢ o’olock resterday
afternoon.

The death was reported to the Coroner's
office as the phvsioian did not feel able to
give a certificate showing exactly the cause
of death. He believes it to be herrt disease
Coroner's Physician Weston will make an
autopsy to-day.

 

FYES TORN OUT BY AN IRON HOOP.

 

Coachman Stepped on One End and the
Other Flew Up in His Face.

Andrew Rosselli, a Swiss coachman, living
at 220 Fast Twenty-sixth street, was walk-
ing up Madison avenue yesterday afternoon,
when in front of the Manhattan Club, at 26
Madison avenue, he etepped on an fron hoop
which was lying on the sidewalk. As he
stepped on the hoop he fell forward. At
the same time his weight on one end of the
hoop propelled the other end upward, strik-
ing him tn the eyes and leaving him uncon-
actous. Roaselli was taken to Bellevue Hos-
pital. It was found there that his eves had
been nearly torn out. He will lose the sight
of both. The scalp on his forehead was also
torn off.

EX-SBNATOR

Man Whe Heiped Tillman te Success Passes
Away at His Home.

Coucmata, 8S. C., Deo. 9.—Jobn Lawrence
Manning Irby, former United States Senator,
died at his home in Laurens to-day of Bright's
disease. His political career was remark-
able. He took an active part in politics on
only two occasions, and both were revolu-
tions. Each time he was with the victors
He was educated at the University of Vir-
ginfa and Princeton and was admitted to
practise law in South Carolina in 1876, The
same year he plunged into the campaign
and did heavy work for the Democrats, his

service being recognized by Gov, Hampton,
| who made him Colonel on his staff
|

 

IRBY DEAD.

 

SS ess Ss

Irby wave up law and went to planting.
Fle entered the reform movement a6 4 sup-
| porter of Tillman and in the famous “March
| convention” of 1890, took the floor when the
nomination was about to be defeat turned
the tide and had Tillman named ie was
| chosen as chairman of the Reform Executive
Committee, organized the campaign and
won the victory That winter Irby was
elected Senator over’ Wade Hampton. He-
fore the expiration of his term he quarrelled
with ‘Tillman and did not stand for reelection,
When Senator barle died, he made the
contest and sustained his first defeat by
Melaurin. Since then he has refused all
olitien! honors and had recently practleed
fow with success,

THE REV. W. F. JOHNSON ACQUITTED.

 

 

Jary Held Him Not Guilty of Murder in
killing Bellinger.

CHARLESTON, S. C., Dec. 9—The Rev,
W. FE. Johnson was acquitted this morning
at Bamberg for the killing of William T.
Bellinger The trial has been in progress
all the week and the case went to the jury
veaterday afternoon. After deliberating for
eleven hours, the jury at 5 o'clock this morn-
ing had Judge Watts called from his bed
and handed in the verdict of.not gullty, In-
tense interest wae taken in the trial. Bel-
linger who was court stenographer in the
Bamberg circuit lived ne t to Mr Johnson
and their trouble grew out of the fact that
Johnson performed the marriage ceremony
of Bellinger’s sister and Joe Brown, a young
man in the neighborhood whom the Bel-
lingers did not fancy. A plea of self-defence
Was put up for the defence. Bellinger was
riddled with buckshot by the minister, but
it was asserted that Bellinger fired twice
with a revolver before he was Killed Feel-
ing ran high over the tragedy and Johnson
sald on the stand that he returned to hia
home and reloaded his gun as he was afraid

|

the killing might be avenged Attorney.
General Kellneer apgraree for the State
in the prosecution ver sine the killing |

Johnson has been regularly filling his) mine
isterial appointments ;
Mr. Johnson appeared in hia pulpit to-day

 

 

CHUCK CONNORS PINCHED

Because a Man Couldn't See Anything Fonny
in Having His Eyebrows Burned Of,

Chuck Connors was arrested last night
as the result or a lodging house inmate's
failure to appreciate one of Chuck's little
jokes. The irate lodger was John McDonald,
whose address for to-da@y's polloe court
purposes will be 20 Bowery. That's where
he went last night for a lodging

He was found there asleep in @ chair by
| Chuck and his friends, who blacked his face

with shoe blacking contributed by one of the

friends from his Kit. ‘Then sornebody, Chuck,
it is sald, prepared a pipe filling of one part
tobacco and two parts Fyopow der and wak-
ing McDonald up asked him if he wouldn't
like ao smok Mecbenald would, of course,
and filled his clay with the mixture and lit
it with Chuck's mateh The pipe-stem was
jes* than two inches long so when the wder
blew up most of it wentup MeDonald’s nose
and the rest burned off his evebrows
The singed lodger chased Connors down
' thest irs and into Bayard street where Ppo-~
Heeman MeDermott got him

Chock sald that ¢iis real name was Patrick
and that he war an “actor for sure” of 16
Chrystie street

 

| Gov. Roosevelt Spends Sunday Here.

Gov. Roosevelt spent vesterday in this
) ete. In the afternnoon he went to the Union
League Club, where he starved until 7 o'clock
in the evening. Then he went to bets sister's
, house for the night. Ile will go to Albany
| this morning

 

j Step Over at Niagara Falis

} and breathe some of ita ozone and get a new lease of
| Nite by taking the New York Central the Next Use

me

 

YORK, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINBING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.
'TO TIE UP THE SANTA FE,

FATHER DIED BY SAME GUN |

THAT PHILIP SONDHEIN UARD TO

KILL HIMSELF.

Thie Wae at Bradford, Pa., in 1899, When |
Philip Wae Jaet Back From Hie Service
With the Aster Battery Verdict Was
Soicide--Philip Leaves Many Letters

Braprorn, Pa, Deo, ® The army re
volver with which Philip Sondheim, formerly
of the Astor Battery, killed himself in a New
York street on Saturday evening was with-
out doubt the same weapon with which his
father was shot and killed fn this city on
March 20, 1899. The verdict of the Coroner's
jury was suicide,

Philip's father, Henry, was a retired mer-
chant, who had gone blind. He was a man
of violent temper, Philip Sondheim, a short
time before @he father's death had returned
from the Philippine Islands. One evening,
when his sisters, Ray and Sophie Sondheim,
were in their apartments on the upper floor
and Henry Sondheim and Philip were alone
downstiirs the girla heard ashot fired. When |
they reached the head of the stairs Philip was
at the foot calling out that his father had
shot himself. Philip ran for @ doctor and
Dra. Benninghoff and Winger responded,
but the old man, sitting uprigit in a chair in
the parlor, was dead. The bullet bad entered
his right temple and passed almost on a|
horizontal line through his brain. A :

 

which he had been smoking had dropped out
of his mouth Into his lap.

Philip told the doctors that he had been
sitting in the living room when he heard
the shot. He raid the revolver was his.
Dre. Winger and Benninghoff examined
the wound and the appearance of the skin
around the wound, and then Jir. Winger
took the revolver away with him. He was
made chairman of the Coroner's Jury. When
the jury was summoned the doctor appeared
with twelve squares of white cloth, through
each of which he had discharged a bullet
with the muzzle of the revolver from one
to twelve inches away. He asked Jr. Ben-
ninghoff which strip of cloth resembled in
appearance the skin around the wound and
Benninghof pointed to a particular strip.
Winger, turning it over, showed where he
had marked a figure #, indicating that the
muzzie had been held nine inches away wheo
the shot was fired. Then he asked each
juror to close his eyes and point the revolver
at his head wiih the muzzle nine inches away
from his head, trusting to instinct for his
aim, and tn each case if the weapon had been
discharged the bullet would have gone wide
of the mark. Dr. Winger presented the |
circumstantial evidence to show that it was
a physical impossibility for Mr. Sondhelm
to have ahot himself with the muzzle of the
pisto] nine inches away.

On examination Philip told a very straight
forward story and the verdict was brought
in suicide

The revolver with which young Sondheim
shot himse!fon Saturday night at Sixth avenue
and Forty-first street, after he had used it
to menace five man, including two Central
Office detectives who were trying to prevent
him from killing himself, is an army Colt |
of the old 44-calibre, marked with the num-
bers 08 and 143 and the initials“P.S 5”

Sondheim had tn his pockets when he shot
himeelf twelve stamped envelopes, eight
containing letters and four containing cards,
They were addressed to ten women and two
men of his acquaintanos, some of whom were
very slight Pqke ae They have not
been unsealed, but it is supposed that they
are farewells.

Two of the young women for whom Sond-
heim left lettera met him last aummer at
the Germania Hotel at Arverne-by-the-Sea
He called on them both a week ago last night
and saidsomething to the effect that they
might wot see him again because his money
was getting low. That was the only thin
that young Sondheitn dreaded, they sald,
Tle inherited about $60,000 from his father,

nd then got g6ome more money later on.

Te spent it freely and said that when it was

gone he would go too, One day at Arverne
he cut a lock of hair from a married woman's
head and was threshed by the woman's
busband.

“sondhelm was a law student,” sald the
father of one of theae two women, “but he
hated the law and he hated to atudy becatse
it was too much like work, Once he tried
to he a jeweller and got a place with a friend
down in Maiden lane but found there was
work in that. so he gave itup *

Another gir! for whom Sondhetm left a
eard is a pupil in a private achool She
had met Sondheim only onoe and that was
wine ie caine to the school to call on ane
other pupil

Capt. McClusky rald last night that Deteo-
tives Keldy and Ariostrong, who were in the
group of men held up br ondheim on Sixth
avenue, were justified in not Jumping on the
man and disarming him before he killed him-

self
“Sondheim was not about to commit a
felony,” anid McClusky, “and the detectives
had no neht to risk their lives unnecessarily.”
The auicide’s body is at Winterbot ham §
undertaking room on Sixth avenue and wil
be sent to Someraworth, N. H., to-night.

 

LIFEROAT TO YACHT'S RESCUE.

 

Took Owner, Crew and Woman Guest From
70-Footer Disabled in Gale.

Grerxport, N. Y., Dee. @--The 70-foot
schooner vacht Rosina of Atlantic Clty,
N. J., owned by H. T. Melpass of Philadelphia,
was disabled in the gale last nicht, her staar-
ing gear givine way off Horton's Point light
in Long Island Sound. She was bound
from Lynn, Masa, where she was launched
about a week ago, to Atlantic City. She
had lost her small boats and one anchor
at Vineyard Haveti on Wednesday. The
remaining anchor wae cast in hopes of saving
the vacht from going onto the beach, and a
distress sienal set. She was dilecavered this
morning be a farm hand, whe telephoned the
Yocky Point life station seven miles away
The captain got @ team and the life savers
were on the beach tn two hours They suce
eeeded in landing the owner, hiv gue t, Mia
Florence. Jona, of Lynn, Miss, ond the erew
Owner Melpass telegraphed to wrecking come
panies, but was uneble to get a tug to eo
out in the wale fhe vacht is dragging
and raav be on the beach before mer: ine.
She waa to start on @ cruise to Florida this
week after fitting up at Atlantio City.

 

 

OVERJOVYED AT GETTING A JOR

 

And the Next Morning Geoghan Was Fonn 4
Dead —Reputed Cousin of Chief Devery.

Michael Geoghan, €7 years old, who lived
at the Raines law hotel at 879 First avenue,
had been out of work for the last two weeks.
Walter Williams, a foreman in the employ
of the Metropolitan Street Railway Company
with whom he roomed, informed him or
Saturday night thar he had gota Job for him
and he was to go to work on Monday
Geoghan was overioyed. He sat up late
laughing and joking with Williams Vea |
terday morning when Williams awoke Geo-
@han did not seem to be breathing. Exami- |
nation showed that he wae dead |

His body was sent to the Morgue, where
an autopey will be held to determine the cansa
of death. Geoghan, it wassald at the hotel,
was a firet cousin of Chief Devery, The Chief
said iast nielt tht hed never heird of a
cousin nuned Geoghin

a

  

 

Mrs. Herrimen Ml,

Mrs. Oliver Harriman is seriousiy il! at
her residence, “Hill Top Grange,” Port Ches-
ter, N.Y. She bad been in poor health during
the past summer and her condition has not

improved, She rented her town house last
winter and moved to Port Chester in the hope
thet her health might be bettered. Kut
ehe has grown steadily worse and there,is
now little hope of her recovery |

 

The Train for Pittsberg. a
Only 90.00 first close end $4.60 second class, New York
to Pittsburg vie Keiumore & Ohio K. RK. on “Pitwburg
lamited.” laave New York, Bouth Ferry, ¢:66 P. M.

P.
gad} treet 7: . M.; arn taburg
.M “5 SoFareek = 5, oad '

to Mr

—_——- -- ———

TEN LIVES LOST ON TAKE ERIP.

Iron Ore Laden Barge Charlies Foster Sinks
Saddeniy in a Gale.

Fain, Pa, Dec 0- The tren ore carrying

Palr and colder to.@ay and to-morrow,

barge Charles Foster went to the bottom of

Like Erie ten miles from Erie to-day, taking
with her a crew of ela@ht men, without warn
ing She waa hit by « terrific squall, pitched
forward and sank = She wie valued at $20,-
000 and was one of the Corrigan fleet At
the time of the accident she was being towed
by the steamer Iron Duke, also ore laden
Both vessels were bound from Duluth to Erie

The Iron Duke's captain, who reached port
safely with de vessel, said that the only warn-
ing he had of the Foster's danger was a shrill
blast of her whistle
high at the time and the tow line parted almost
simultaneously with the blast of the whistle
and the Foster plunged beneath the waves
The water was ao turbulent that it was tm-
posaible for the crew of the Iron Duke to oer
any assistance

The two vessels left Duluth on Dee. 9 and
had fair weather until Saturday afternoon,
when the wind came very heavy from the
northwest and blew steadily for several hours.
It moderated somewhat about midnieht,
but later came again with redoubled foree
and by ¢ o'clock {mn the morning was the worst
gale in his experience on the lakes. The
dead are Capt. John Bridges, Cleveland;
Se:iman William Kelly, Port Austin, Mich.;
Robert Wood, a woman cook, name not
known; two men, shipped at Cleveland: tho first
mate, Ashtabula, onda sailor from Detroit
wanquentenatnctsneagnendl

WANTS A DISCOUNT ON HIS FINF.

 

Gen, Marsh, the Recipient of Pingree's Par-
don, Wants & Per Cent. Off for Cash.

GrRanpD Rarins, Mich., Dee. 9.—Gen. Arthur
F. Marsh, former Inapecjor-Cieneral of Mieht-
gan, who with Gen, White was pardoned hy
Gov. Pingree for complicity in the militia
swindle on condition that they pay a fne
of $5,000 each, In annnal Installments of £1,900,
has telegraphed $1,000 to Treasurer Kings-
bury of Ingham county !n accordance with
the terms of his pardon, and then caused
astonishment by offering to pay the other
£4,000 at once provided he was granted 5
per cent. discount

 

CAR CONDUCTOR HAS SMAELPOX.

Two New Cases of the Disease Reported to
the Health Board.

Two new cases of smallpox were reported
to the Department of Health late on Smturday
night. The first oase was James Killoran,
20 yeare old, of 120 Fast 127th street. He isa
conductor on the Broadway horsecar line
The Department of Health physicians hadnt
learned yesterday how he came in contact
with the disease, as his home is in a section
not before visited by sinallpox. The second
case was that of three-year-old Charles
Allen of 241 West Sixty-seventh street.

 

 

 

GRRMAN SHIP EDMUND ASHORE.

Fear That She Will Be Wrecked on the Calt-
fornia Coast.

San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 9.—-News comes
from Santa Rosalie that the big German
ship Edinund ts ashore at that place and has
several holes in her bottom. It 1s feared she
will be wrecked. The Edmund was formerly
the Wilhelm Tell and was here two years
ago. She is of 8,170 tons,

MRS. G. M. PULLMAN TO WED?

 

 

Report That She Is to Marry Gerard Barry
a New York Artist.

CHICAGO, Dec. 9.—The report {is current in
Chicago society that Mrs. George M. Pull-
man, widow of the palace car magnate, is
goon to be married to Gerard Barry, a New
York artist. For some time the engagement
of Mrs. Pullman and Mr. Barry has been an
open secret, and the recent visit of Mr. Barry
to Chicago for the purpose of aiving sua-
gestions concerning the renovation of the Pull-
man Prairie avenue mansion has started the
story that the wedding will take place be-
fore the end of the winter

There is a romance connected with the
acquaintance of Mr. Barry with the Pullman
family. About ten yeara ago Marshall Field
employed the artist, who was then not 80
years old, to paint the portrait of hie daushter,
Ethel Tree. The portrait won the admiration
of Mr Pullman, Who gave the artist @ number
of sittings. ‘The portrait of Mr Pullman
proved a diMoult task, and as the painter
realized that it would do much toward making
his reputation he spent a great deal of time
upon it. In the weeks that he was at work
putting the features ol the
canvas Mr Barry geined the friendship of the
entire Pullman family and since that time
has been a frequent Visitor at Elberon, N J,
and Thousand Isiands, where the Pullman
summer homes are situated

Mra Pullman is out of the city Mre.
George M VPoliman, Jr, and the Fernalds
sald to-day that they had not heard the report
and knew nothing about the facta. The
game ailence was maintained by the other
members of the Pullman family

 

FROM THE STAGE TO THE ALMSHOUSE.

A Once Famons German Tenor Becomes a
Pauper in San Francisco,

BAN Francisco, Dec 0--lrederick Moos-
brugger, once a famous German tenor, Is
now in the San Francisco almshouse, where
he was taken a few dey® ago on his own appli-
cation. He wore @ tattered old clonk and a
decayed opera hat. which were the only
sigas of his former succes erce ot his perfect
manners He brought « big trunk which
wes packed with souvenirs of bis) profes.
sional life on the stawe Moosbruager is
from the Anstrian Tyrol and he sane under
the name of Brucci = It fell to his lot to sing
in the first procnetiqn of “Tennhanser” tn
the Royal Theatre at Karlsruhe He then
went lo Stuttgart to sing at State concerte
given by the King of Wurtembere Alter
a successful concert tour he went to Paris
and then to London, where be took Capoul's
pace us bhalhelm Master to Christine Neil-
sern‘a Mignon Then his voice laded and his
record has #ince been one of misery

 

 

VANDERBILT AUTO SCARES 4 HOKSr.

Wm. kK., Jr,. Offera to Pay for the Damage
and Quotes the Law on Hitching Horses.

Oyster Bay, L. 1., Dee. #--William K.
Vanderbilt, Jr., in his big automobile, known
to the natives as the “White Devil,” passed

through Oyster Bay. thie efternoon on the
way to the Seawanhaka Corinthian Yaent
Club house on Cenue Island 4 horse owned
by Leonard Hicks took fright et the machine

and ran awa) The bugéy became locked
with a telephone ror and was eomewhat
damaged, Mr. Lilie talked good naturedly

Vanderbilt about the mishap and the
latter told Mr. Hicks to make repairs and
send him the bill The horse had been lett
uplitched while Mr. ticks went Into a drug
store, and Mr. Vanderbilt queted the law

 

A CRIPPLE CREEK DEFAULTER.

Overissue of Stock in Several Companies
~Some Buyers Protected.

 

COLORADO Springs, Col, Dec &—ChesterP
Bentley, the defaulting secretary of Cripple
Creek mining Companir who was arrested

at Clinton, la, last nigit, is chareed in a
warrant sworn out by President Arcularius
of the Astor Company, with over-insurance

of stock. His defaications reach $50,000
or more fo far as traced his) principal
victims are Gladstone, 2,000,000 shares: Astor,

16,000, Golden Age
prise, 10,000 Proy
Lipton and Security alao lost
companies bave made their
protect buyers

Bentley is an expert accountant He
attributes his downfall to liquor and gambling

Bhort and Swift Line to Ciactanatl and St.Louis,

The Penasy {
Peart ale Raitrued. No extra fare om the

78.100; Shannon 37) Sur-
esitven, Goldeg Treasure,

Slost of the
lowses Good to

 

millionaire on |

ssh ss ess Sci ms sii sellers ieueinaieimmns

The een was running |

ey

PRICE TWO CENTS.
DIED LIKE HORACE HAYDEN

 

ARTIST M'AUIIVRR PITCHRS READ.
1ON@ THROUGH THK WINDOW.

He Hecame Disay, Wie Wife Thinks, While
Looking Ont to See What the Weather
Waelike Seventy Years O'd and Noted
for 63 Years as a Painter of Fine Horees.

Under circumstances precisely similar to
those surrounding the death of the late Hor-
ace J Hayden, Mr John MeAuliffe, an aged
artist well Known among horse fanctera
throughout the country aaa bKilfol painter
of trotters and runners, was killed about
* o'clock yesterda: morning by falling from
the fourth story window of his home, at 405
West Twenty-second street Mr McAuliffe
lived on the top floor of a high brownstone
house in apartments w hich man through from
front te rear At the time of his death only
his wifeandhe were ub and about the house
His daughter and son were asleep in two of
the interior bedrooms. Mrs McAuliffe said
~~ when she went outto church at 6 o'clock
nthe morning her husban< Ss aslee
he bee pe? or isband was asleep and

“On my return,” sald Mra MeAuliffe, “and
while T was in the kitehen answering the
dumbwaiter bell, he got up and came to
the kitchen door and asked me « hy Thad not
awakened him so he could ko to church with
me oT replied that [ had thoughe it better
for him to sleep and advised him ta “#o back
to ned and I would eal! hin, when breakfass
was ready. He was then standing in the
dining room just by the kitchen door. [
turned back into the kitchen and was by the
dumbwalter when I heard the erash Ol nome.
thing falling in the aren back of the house
I did not know what it was until T heard the
nelehbors erving out, and then | looked out
and saw

“The window of the dinlug room looking
out into the rear area was wide open. My
husband, | am sure, went to this window to
look out and see what the weather was like.
It was his babit to do so, and he even free
quently went up on the roof to look at the
weather. Hehad planned to-day to gotothe
Speedway with his brother, Patrick McAuliffe,
to see the there, and [suppose
he thought of that and went to the window
to see what the day was like. I p to within
two wecks ago he was in excellent health,
Within the last fortnight, however, he has
been alling and complaining a good deal and
he had frequent attacks of giddiness, I
Suppose he was seized with one of these dizzy
spella as he was leaning out of the window
an 80 lost his balance.”

The window is a low one with Its sill not
more than two feet from the floor. Resides
that there fs a board reaching ont from the
sill elght or ten inches over which any one
Might easily stumble. With the exception
of the window board these are precisely the
conditions even to the recent illness and
attacks of giddiness, which were conuected
with the death of Mr. Hayden,

Mr. McAuliffe, who was 70 years old, has
lived and painted horses in New York for the
last fifty-three years. There is not a lover
of fast horses, especially those who are now
old or in middle life, who did not know cf
him and his work, and although he was naturally
of @ retiring and modest temperament,
the fame he had in his specialty, as well
as the very comfortable financial returns
which came from It, sought him out. The
late Robert Bonner was one of his admirers
and he painted for Mr. Bonner pictures of
Mauds., Rarus,Dexter and other noted horses
in the Bonner stables. The paintings were
very much admired. Hoe also painted pioc-
tures of the teams of former Mayor Grant,
Abe Case, Major Dickinson, E. D. Crouse
of Syracuse; Major Hammon, of the Murray
THll Hotel, and the late Col. Kip. The Inst
direet order he lad for a picture was from
Col. Kip just before the Colonel's death
the subject being a pair of winners Col. Kip
had had In the Horse Show

Two vears ago he painted a group called
“Famous Trotters of the Past Quarter Cene
tury,” which was on exhibitionin a Broadway
window for a time and attracted a great deal
of attention.

Even while a boy In Ireland, where he was
born, Mr. McAuliffe got no little local fame
from pictures of running horses which he
painted for Mr. Garry Barry of County Cork,
Among them being Sir Arthur and Valen-
tine «a famous e@teeplechaser which won @

horses

| great race over one of the Marquis of Water.

| to Mr. Hicks relative to the hitching of horses. j Bouncing another
| plague
— piague in

ford’s crack runners, Up to as late as last
Friday Mr. McAuliffe was busy at his work.
He finished that day pictures of two horses
owned by Mra. Sydney Dillon Ripley of
Hempstead, pietures which had not been
ordered but were painted from sheer ad-
miration of the subjects on the part of the
artiet. What horse fanciers especially ad-
mired In Mr. McAuliffe’s work was his skill

fn representing the gait of a horse. He
was entirely a self-taught artist, never having
had any instruction whatever in his profes-
sion.
Besides a brother, Mr. McAuliffe leaves a
bs yd and four children, all of whota live tn
us aity,

 

OSWALD OTTENDORFER VERY LOW.

No Material Change in His Condition Yes-
terday —'lis Family at His Bedside.

There was no material change yesterday

in the condition of Oswald Ottendorfer,
the proprietor of the Steata Zeitung, who is
ina very eritical condition trom tie effects of
A recent) surcienl opernttor It was said

at his home, 160 Central Park South, last night

that a élikh! improvement in Mr Otten.
dorfer’s condition had been noted in the after.
noon, but last niaht he lost the little ground

he tad gained On account of his age grave
fears are entertained for his recovery, His
family remained close to his bedside all
day vesterday, as it was feared that he might
take a turn for the worse

  

CUT AT SENATOR'S NEPHEW.

Silver Slashed at Atwell, but Made a Gash
in His Coat Only,

George Atwel!, a nephew of State Senator
Aheorn, was assaulted last night at the foot
of the Sixth avenne elevated railroad stairs
in Twenty-eighth street by aman who made
two slashes at him with a carving knife.

Atwell's coat was cent on the sleeve but
he was not hurt His assatiant followed
him to Madison Square Garden where Atwell
told a polleeran about the assault and the
man with the knife was arrested. He is
Frank L. Silver, he says, manager of a base-
ball nine of women

 

Another Babonic Plague Death tn ‘Frisco,

State Health Officer
rece'vyed a telegram an-
death from the bubonte

San }raneisco. The Quarantine
Q@yainst San bkranecisco will continue to be
ent ed at Bl Paso and on the western border
of the State for an indefinite period Louls-
jana arndother Southern States have become
alarmed at the prolonged existence of the
disease in San Franciseo and a general quaran-
tine by ail the Southern States may be de
clared against the infected city,

AUSTIN, Tex, Dee. 9
W. F. Blunt to-das

 

KRabbi Harrison Not Coming to Fmana-Fi.

Sr. Lovis, Dee. 9 -—Kabbi Harrison has
declined 4a call to the Temple Emanu-El,
New York, which it is said was offered him
by James Seligman, Louis Stern and A. J.
Dittenhoofer on behalf of the congregation,

$6.59 to Washington. Db © and return o A
Blue Line for the Ceatennal Celebration to er
Good to go on December tito and toreturn on or be-
fore December J ath. Stations in New Vork, Central
RR of New Jersey, Liverty Street and South Ferry.
—Ade

Clean, pure, brigh\—Ballantine’s In@ia Pale Ale
- *

Tanks the nnatite

 

%