VOL, LXXIIL—NO, 99.

 

${(,000,000 FOR THE CANAL,

 

@HE HOUSE
EMERGENCY

gil) Passed Without a Division The @®ily
000,000, FU is Estimated, Will Provide
Funds toul About Aprit b- Proviston

for the Sale of Bonds Is Retained.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.—The House to-day
disposed of the Panama Emergency Appro-
priation bill and then adjourned until Mon-
day. ‘Lhere were only two points in con-
troversy before the committee of the whole—
the amount to be ABMS erlased and the
method of providing the money, The
Democrats and some Republicans, under
the lead of Mr. Williams of Mississippi,
wanted to fix the sum at about $7,000,000,
just enough to run the Canal Commission
the rest of this month, but by a vote of
137 to 121 it was decided to make the sum
$11,000,000, which it was said would provide
funds until about April 1.

Armotion by Mr. Williams to direct the
payment of canal expenditures from the
Treasiry funds instead of providing the
money by the sale of honda was lost—
107 to 152.

It was agreed on all sides to require not
only detailed reports of expenditures by
the commission, but also detailed estimates
upon which appropriations may be intelli-
gently made, It was the absence of these
latter in connection with ¢he bill that gave
rise to the most criticiam and caused most of
the objections to voting the fullsum asked.
Just after the bill was taken up Mr.
Williamms (Dem., Miss.) mnoved to reduce
the amount carried in the bill from $16,500,000
to $6.858.333. This sum, he said, would
he aifficient to meet all liabilities incurred
and estimated to January 1, 1908, of the
eonmission, The additional $10,000,000, he
said, was intended for the first six months
of 1908, and the appropriation of a sum of
that magnitude and a matter of this
portance should not be disposed of without
further investigation by a committee.

Mr. Prince (Rep., Ill.) moved to make
the appropriation $10,000,000. His best in-
formation, he said, was that $8,000,000 was
as much as was necessary to be voted at
this time.
had fixed the amount at $19,000,000,
the estimates furnished the House,
asserted, it would not be justified in voting
a larger sum onthe fourth day of the session,

Mr. Prince said that he was opposed
to the issue of bonds. The Republican
party had never voted to issue bonds ex-
cept for war purposes, and it was now
wholly unnecessary, in the speaker's
opinion, with $55,000,000 of the people's
money on deposit in banks.

Mr. Hepburn (Rep., la.) expressed the
hope that, whatever was done, enough
money would be voted to meet expendi-
tures to April 1, which he figured to be
$11,725,000. Mr. Prince expressed a willing-
ness to make his amendment $10,004,000,
and it was adopted by an overwhelming
vote. The House, by a vote of 136 to 121,
increased the sum to $11,000,000,

Mr. Overstreet (Rep., Ind.) offered an
ainendment to reimburse the Treasury for
the $10,000,000 already expended in con-
ttruction, as well as the $11,000,000 to be
appropriated in the pending bill from the
sale of the bonds authorized. It was not
fair that the people to-day should be charged
with the expense of the initial proceedings
of construction. It should be done by
those who will receive the benefit of the
canal.

This proposition was vehemently assailed
by Mr. Williams (Dem., Miss.), who, on
behalf of the Democracy, “dared” the
Republicans to adopt it. He said;

“There must be a drop somewhere that
will cause the cup of the people's endur-
ance to overflow.” [Applause.}| He de-
nounced as dishonest the policy of borrow-
ing money and issuing bonds while the
Government maintained $55,000,000 of de-
posits in national banks without requiring
a cent for interest.

Mr. Payne opposed the amendment.
The Congress had decided that $10,000,000
could be paid out of the Treasury, and it
was not wise to reverse that action. On
the other hand, he warmly advised the
House not to follow Williams’s lead in the
matter of striking oltt the provision for
the sale of bonds. It was necessary to
Maintain the surplus.

The Overstseet amendment was rejected.
Several other amendments were rejected,
after which the bill was reported to the
House and passed without a division.
Democratic leaders in the Senate threaten
to oppose the prompt passage of the Panama
bill when it comes over from the House,
unless there is a full detailed explanation of
the items of expenditures.

Anecho was heard to-day from the House,
where Republicans are joining the Demo-
crats in criticising the high salaries paid to
officials of the Canal Commission. The
expenditure of $9,000 for a press agent was
especially condemned,

Under

INDIANA'S ADJ. NV. FIRED.

 

Governor Finds His Accounts Wrong and
Demands Instant Resignation.

INDIANAPOLIS, Dec, 7,—Another official

teandal developed at the State Capitol to-

day, when the committee appointed by
the Governor to investigate the books of
former State Auditor Sherrick, whom the
Governor deposed, reported that they
had found serious discrepancies in the
accounts of Adjutant-General Ward,

In going over the books they found that
the Adjutant-General, in making out vouch-
ers for the pay of the militia and for sup-
Plies, had made totals in excess of the
ARgregate amounts of the vouchers, had
drawn upon the fund for the totals and had
deposited the money in his own name in
ank and had then paid the claims by his
ersonal checks, The result of this was to
Save in his hands the excess over what
he should have rightfully drawn,
ar rnor Hanly immediately sent for

rupee Ward, showed him the statements
q the experts, and demanded an explana-
on

nnard said that he could not account for
“ noes of the totals over the actual sum
Pt) eat ouchers except upon the hy pothesis

‘hi arian addition. ;
We explanation was not satisfactory to
pe covemor, and he said as much wien anne

ae pane told Mn Ward that he would ex-
oz ; rit en resignation as soon asit could

Prepared The amount overdrawn is

$976. Ward’
” ard’s resignation was tendered at
once and accepted,

 

’

 

ity Marcont Wireless.

The fin ‘

c : White Star liner Baltic, from Liver-
p ee Wieenstown, Was 125 miles cast of
pucKet lightship at 3 o'clock yesterday

afternoo malta
dock about cH probably will be up to her

delayed eee to-day. She has been
eae More ti i , ’ ,
Weather than half a day by stormy
ONisinon nl

new) & Plyn AU aTLURt er Tine; Strs. Providence

t. Week das Pier 19, \. R., foot Warren
each Beamer ad Sundays 5 P.M. orchestra on

4

 

WANTS A SLICE OF THE PARK,
Mr. Mc Adoo's Pretty Plan to Heip Eighth
Ave, Traf_le- Plaza HKald, Too.

At Mayor McClellan's request Police
Cominissioner McAdoo and Park Com-
missioner Parsons had a conference yeater-
day morning to facilitate plans for the
widening of Kighth avenue along the line
of Central Park and also of Fifty-eighth
street at Fifth avenuds. Commissioner
McAdoo in explaining the reasons for the
conference said

“It is the desire of this department to
have the park wall moved back about
ten feet, and I think Mr. Parsons agrees

with us. Eighth avenue ix dangerous,
The car tracks run along the east side
and traffic is very heavy. People are

forced to stand in the roadway to wait
for a car southbound at the risk of their
lives.

“There are those who advocate moving
the car tracks to the centre of the street.
Our plan is to move the wall back the entire
length of the park. This will entail no
very great expense.
the present park sidewalk as it is and put
a roadway for traffic on the east side of
the walk between it and the park wall.
By this means we would have two separate
channels for traffic and trees could be
planted along the walk, beautifying it.
The matter will be gone into further later on,

“The echeme in Fifty-eighth street is
simple. To-day all traffic coming from
Central Park going south has to pass along
in front of the Plaza Hotel site to Fifty-
eighth street and then turn east to Fifth
avenue between the Vanderbilt residence
and the Plaza park plot. The passage is
not broad enough and congests traffic.
We desire to cut a atrip off the plot and
widen the passage fifty feet. The strip

| taken off the south end of the plot can

| of ite present location.

Im- |

|

To compromise the matter, he |

be put on at the north end. In substance
we wish to push the plot fifty feet north
| understand that
Commissioner Parsons desires to beautify
this plot by a fountain, and it is here also
that the great national monument to be
erected by the Jewish people is to go.”
Seca pk

WHO OWNS THE TRUNK?

Full of Woman's Gear Found tn Sand Heap
Mrs. Chatterton’s Marriage Lines.

Somebody dropped a trunk containing

; & fine assortment of women's underwear

he |
| fifth street last night, and the police of the

|} and wearing apparel were disclosed.

' O'Connor had

|

 

| nue and Forty-third street

and other things in front of 408 West Forty-

West Forty-seventh street station have
sent out a general alarm asking the owner
to appear and claim her property.

There is a new building being erected
where the trunk was found and at 6 o'clock
the foreman of the job noticed a good sized
trunk reposing in a sand heap in front of
the uncompleted structure. Not knowing
but that it contained dynamite the fore-
man called the attention of a policeman.
The cop took it to the police station.

There it Was opened and the underwear
The
mnost interesting thing in the trunk was a
marriage certiticate showing that Kate
married David Chaterton
at 486 Second avenue on January 8, 1896.
The marriage was performed by the late
Alderman Schilling. ‘There was also a
pawnticket showing that $15 had been ob-
tained on a diamond ring at a Philadelphia
pawnshop in July, 1905.

PAT CROWE ACQUITTED.

 

 

 

Goes Back to Jall to Awalt Trial on Cudahy
Kidnapping Charge.

OmaHA, Neb., Dec. 7.—After one hour's
deliberation to-night the Pat Crowe jury
returned a verdict of not guilty. Crowe
was charged with shooting an officer in an
Omaha street two months ago. The trial
has lasted since Monday. Crowe's attor-
neys only introduced two witnesses, and the
case of the State was remarkably weak

Immediately after the verdict Crowe
walked over to the Jury and with a wide
smile on his face thanked each jury-
man, shaking hands with each of them
at the same time. He then held a recep-
tion to the numerous friends and admirers
who had remained in the court room, After
shaking hands all around he was taken
back to jail to await trial on the charge
of robbing Cudahy of $25,000.

The case settled to-day haus been re-
garded as the most damaging against
Crowe, and it is the general opinion that
he will be acquitted of the robbery charge
when he comes to trial.

TWENTY-ONE COTS ON HIS HEAD.

 

 

Little Boy Playing Butted Into Glass Door
of House Where He Lived.

In trying to escape from several boys
who were chasing him last night Nathan
Jolles, 15 years old, of 3805 Third avenue,
ran head first into the glass vestibule door
of the house in which he lives, His head

went through the glass and he received | ut it
| future time, some infringernent upon the

twenty-one distinct cuts, several of them
severe ones,

He fainted from loss of blood before he
was carried to a drug store. Dr, Karnoil
of 756 Wendover avenue bandaged his
wounds while awaiting the arrival of a Ford-
ham Hospital ambulance, which had a four
mile run to get to the injured boy, He
was taken to the hospital,

The Tremont police are making an in-
vestigation with a view to arresting the
boys who were playing with Jolles on a
technical charge of assault.

SEEMED UNHURT, BUT DIED

 

the Man Whose Runabout Went

Over Him Had Been Let Go.
A man who said he was Frederick Hezel,
a watchmaker, of 601 Eleventh avenue, was
knocked down and run over at Ninth ave-
last night by

After

' a? runabout driven by a man who said ho
| was Gilbert Moore of 254 West Fifty-fourth

street. Hezel was picked up by a police-
man, and although he seemed dazed he
did not appear to be seriously injured.
He was taken to the West Forty-seventh
street polices station, along with Moore.

There, the police say, Hezel refused point
blank to make a complaint against Moore,
who was allowed to go. Hezel was taken
to Roosevelt HOME eal, and soon after ar-
riving became unconscious. In four hours
he was dead and the police started out to
rearrest Moore.

BROKE HATPIN IN FOOTPAD.

He Carried Of Woman's Chatelaine Hag,

Though He Howled With Patn.

The Bronx police are looking for a short
footpad with bushy whiskers who was
stabbed with a hatpin last evening at the
Southern Boulevard and Kingsbridge road.
The police think he has in him half of the
hatpin.

At 6 o'clock last night Mrs, Lawrence 4

| Berth of 2707 Creston avenue was wheeling

her baby at Southern Boulevard and Kings-
bridge road, A man jumped out of the
bushes and attacked her, snatching he:
chatelaine bag and striking her in the face
She pulled a hatpin out of her hat and
jabbed it into his side, He yelled with pain
and ran, holding on to the bag.

Bicycle Policeman Scherer appeared soon,
but he couldn't find the holdup man,

 

 

' Warships to Be Withdrawn to Help

| Domingo.

We could then leave | #5 Minutes west,

| ust

AMUNDSEN TELLS OF VOYAGE,
NORTH POLE'S DISCOVERER CA-
BLES NEWS TO DR. NANSEN,
No Apparent KGa ‘ta Theae That Nore
wegian Explorer Has Navigated the

Long Sought Northwest Passage and
Has Located the True Magnetic Pole,

SEATTLE, Wash,, Dec, 7,—Capt. Roland
Amundsen, who left Norway in June, 1903,
in charge of an Arctic expedition, has for
the firat time in history navigated the

| Northwest Passage and absolutely located

the true north magnetic pole—that is,
found the spot where the magnetic needle
stands vertical,

He has sent the following message to Dr,
Nansen;

“Fort Egbert, Eagle City, Alaska, Dec, 5,

“Nansen Christiania:

“Gjoa wintering at King Point, 69 degrees
All well. Left there Aug-
13. Harbor then free of ice. Sighted
first vessel, schooner Charles Hansen, San
Francisco, Capt. McKenna, August 26,
25 kilometers south of Nelson Head. Saw
whalers Alexander and Braw Head an-
chored at Cooper Island. Passed schooner
Bonanza, San Francisco, grounded off King
Point.

“Fleet of American
by early winter. Twelve are
here, Land surveyed in spring
72 degrees ten minutes north, magnetic
observation, King William Land. Finished
June 1. *

“Left Herschel October 24 with dog sled.
Arrived here to-day. Will be at Fort
Yukon in six days, where mail will reach
me. Wire $500 soon as possible. How is
political sptuation?

whalera overtaken
wintering
1905 to

“ROLAND AMUNDSEN.”

Amundsen established his first base in

Ieopeld Harbor, where he made absolute |

magnetic observations during 1904. In the
summer of 1905 he established his second
base station on King William's Island, and
erected self-registering instruments. The
long sought monument set up by the Frank-
lin expedition is believed to have been
found by the captain near the north mag-
netic pole,

The explorer will return by
Strait and will make geodetic observations
at the Government observatory at Sitka,
Amundsen is without money, and a Seattle
newspaper cabled him $t00 for his imme-
diate needs

The importance of his observations to
navigation cannot be overestimated. Since
1492, when Columbus first noted the various
deviations of the needle from the true
north, scientists have endeavored, without
success, to find a reason.
self-registering instruments will supply
the absolute observations which will com-

plete and correct calculators for navigators |

on every sea.

Surveying also from a fixed and absolute
base will correct errors in maps and charts
of Arctic regions, and a number of terres-
trial phonemena will be accurately recorded,

Fort Egbert is 110 miles down the Yukon
River due northeast of Dawson and near
the boundary line. It is the most northerly
station of the Signal Service, lying sixty-
five degrees north latitude.

A line drawn from the northern terminus
of the boundary between the States and
British America to the North Cape in Nor-
way would pass through Herschel Island
from which Capt. Amundsen made his
overland journey south to Fort Egbert,

TO MAKE IT EASY FOR DOMINGO, .

Ratifi-
cation of Treaty,

WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.—Following
ferences to-day between Secretary of the
Navy Bonaparte and Assistant Secretary
of State Bacon it became known that a
decision had been reached to withdraw
from Dominican waters all the large ves-
sels Which have been in the vicinity of
Domingo for many months. The
cruisers Cleveland, Des Moines, Tacoma
and Chattanooga will be ordered home,
just when has not been decided, This will
leaye perhaps half a dozen small gunboats
around Santo Domingo.

Santo

This action was taken, it is believed, to |

show Congress that it is not necessary to
maintain such a large squadron of warships
inthe harbors of Santo Domingo, The effect
of the step on the Dominican Congress is
also expeced to be beneficial.

Many of the delegates to the congress |

now in session in Santo Domingo are op-
posed to the clause in the pending treaty
which gives this Government a vight to inter-
vene in case there is internal trouble. The
Dominicans fear that it will cause, at some

independence of the country. ‘They already
point to the fact that the United States
maintains a great fleet of warships at Santo
If a number of the larger ves-

| sels are taken away it is believed that the

fears on the part of the Dominican Congress-
men will be partly dispelled.

At the request of the Government of
Santo Domingo the Secretary of War has
designated Lieut. Grayson M

rural police force of Santo Domingo. An
officer of the American army was desired by
President Morales of Santo Domingo to
organize the rural police force in the repub-
lie

Lieut. Murphy will take charge within a
few weeks, and will devote his time to per-
fecting the police system of the country,

' after the same fashion that American cffi-

cers worked in Cuba following the evacua-
tion of the island by American troops,

BLODGET@T’S HOUSE BURNED.

The Milllonatre Hermit Banker Not Seen
Since the Fire,

Burra.o, Dee, 7.-James L. Blodgett,
the millionaire hermit banker of Hermitage,
near Warsaw, Wyoming county, is sup-
posed to be dead in the ruins of his house,

whieh was burned to the ground early this |

morning. Blodgett was last seen about
9 o'clock last night, when he went to his
home, At 1% o'clock this morning the
house was seen to be in flames, and since
then no one has seen Blodgett.
of the ruins failed to reveal any remains
Some gold pieces were found, and it: is
helieved that there are many more in the
ruins

Blodgett was 83 years old, and was said

‘to have been the oldest living graduate of

Yale University, from which institution he
was graduated in 1850. He was exceeding]

eceentric and lived all alone, Tle was worth
about $1,000,000, and held mortgages on a

great deal of the real estate in Wyoming
county, Within the jast two years he was
robbed twiee by thieves who invaded his

home. The last attempt was made afew

vonths age, when Blodgett's safe was blown
up. it is supposed that the robbers got a
large amount of money, but Blodgett never
would admit that this was so. Several
hundred dollars in gold was found in the
road near the Blodgett house shortly after
the robbery was committed, It is thought

the robbers dropped this in their flight.

    

Bering |

Amundsen's |

 

eH. Murphy, |
Seventeenth Infantry, for duty with the |

A search |

 

/EMBER

 

APOLOGY TO MME, BERNHARDT,

 

Premier Sends Regrets on Her Unfortunate
Quebeo Expertence,

Ortawa, Dee, 7..-Premier Laurier,
is in Quebec, bas sent this telegram to
Madame Bernhardt:

“L regret, Madame, more than | can say,
the acta of violence of which you and your
company were the victims as you left Quebec.
I only learned on my arrival here yesterday
what had taken place the night before,
and | express to you the universal regret
caused by behavior so unworthy of the
well known character of a city so remarkably
careful of its renowned hospitality and
courtesy. As to what by
L'Evenement, pay no attention to it. It is a

who

Was said

 

newspaper which for me does not count.”
FROM THE ISLE OF PINES,

Adyance Guard of the Delegation of Amert-

cans Arrives In Washington.
| WasHinaton, Dec. 7.—Capt. J. L. Pearey,
formerly secretary to the Democratic
| Congressional committee, arrived in Wash-
ington to-day as the advance guard of the
delegation which is coming here from the
Isle of Pines to present the claims of Ameri-
can residents of the island who wish to have
it declared American territory. They in-
tend to make a protest against the decision
of Secretary Root that the istand is Cuban
territory, and which they assert is directly
opposite to the opinion advanced by the
| late Secretary Hay.

Capt. Pearcy is a brother of S. H. Pearcy,
elected as a member of the proposed island
assembly, and one of the supporters of
Edward Ryan, whom the American resi-
dents have chosen to send as their répre-
sentative to Washington. He declares that
in order to secure the peace and prosperity
of the Isle of Pines it must be under Ameri-
can jurisdiction, and the Americans who
| went there and were induced to settle
| understood that the United States would
| exercise sovereignty.

There are about 1,200 Americans on the
island and inthe neighborhood of 800 Pinos,
| according to Capt. Pearcy. The Cuban
| Government, he says, has an alealde and a
_ few rural guards on the island, but that for
the most part the Americans govern them-

 

selves. They have built up the town of
| Nueva Gerona, which is connected by
steamer with ports on the south coast of

| Cuba.

| FLU NG BETWEEN THE HORSES.
|

Hose Cart Driver Badly Hurt Wheels
Skidded on Car Track in Run to a Fire,
Henry Diamant, an emergency driver of
| the hose wagon of Fire Engine 58, whose
house is on 115th street near Lenox avenue,
was thrown from his wagon yesterday
' morning at 115th street and Second avenue
and injured seriously. Diamant had been
following the engine closely in a run to a
fire. In turning a corner the wheels of
the wagon skidded against the street car
track and bounded back,

Drivers of hose wagons, unlike those of
fire engines, are not strapped to their seats.

the horses and he fell to the ground. The
wheels of the wagon passed over his right
He also had con-

|
|
ite jolt threw Diamant forward between |

leg, causing a fracture.

tusions on the back.
He did not and

was soon picked up and sent to the Harlem

Jose Consciousness

) noon that he would recover.
| A fireman named Murtha was on the seat
with Diamant when he was thrown. Murtha

stop.

MANY FENCE INDICTMENTS,

Federal Grand Jury Makes Returns Against

Rich Cattle Companies,

} ‘lorpeka, Kan., Rec. 7.-- The Feceral
t ‘

Grand Jury. sitting here, has returned in-

dictments against these persons: The H.S
Bojce Cattle Company of New Jersey, ILS.
Boice, Kansas City; Louis Gans, New York;
Emanuel Lehman, New York; E. A. Mercian,
New York; A. B. Lynch, Stevens county,
Kan.; Robert Merton, Stevens county, Kan
Each of these seven is indicted on four
counts for each offence
jing and constructing fences; unlawfully
asserting right to exclusive use; unlawfully
making, constructing, controlling enclos-
ures; obstructing passage through the lands
of the United States.

The Boice Cattle Company, R. 8. Boice,
Louis Gans, Emanuel lehman and kb. A.
| Merdian were each indicted on eight counts.
They are all officers of the Boice Cattle
| Company, They maintain two tracts of
land in Stevens and Morton counties, in
which they are, it is alleged, illegally en-
closing (Government land, Lynch and
Merton are each indicted on four counts.
They have but one pasture each.

In the case of the eattle company, the
total fine, if assessed at the limit, will be
$10,000, or $1,000 for pach count. Imprison-
ment of one year can be enforced against
| each eount. Both fine and imprisonment
must be assessed,
| The total enclosure in its two pastures

of the Boice Cattle Company is 161,000
acres, Of this amount 60,106 acres is Gove
ernment land.

The H. 8S. Boice Cattle Company is or-
ganized under the laws of New Jersey,
and it is a very wealthy concern. HH. 5.
Boice is treasurer of the Kansas City Live
Stock Company and lives at Kansas City,
He is now in Texas on business,

SUICIDE CONFE (So MURDER,

Letter Left by Dead Man ‘Tells of the Kill-
ing of Mrs. Mize tn Chicago.

Cuicaao, Dee. 7.-J. EF. Sinclair, a paroled
conviet who committed suicide October 28
at Sycamore, Ill., confessed in a letter he
left that he killed Mra. F. E. Mize, who
was murdered by a holdup man near the
Del Prado Hotel on August 23

The letter containing the confession was
picked ont of the drainage canal near Lock-
port by_a_ policeman and forwarded to
Chief of Police Collins to-day

Driven to despondency through brooding
! over the murder and haunted by the face
| of the woman he assassinated Sinclair is
| believed by the polica to have written the
1
\

 

 

 

 

confession and then committed suicide by
taking carbolic acid in the barn of a farmer
for whom he was working

FOR A NORTH POLE HONEYMOON,

Max Fleischmann and His Bride to Make
an Aretic Wedding Tour

CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 7..-Max Fleisch-

city December 20, will take as a wedding
trip a cruise in the Arctic Ocean in an effort
to get as near the North Pole as possible.
Mr. Fleischmann has chartered ie Nor-
wepian vessel Laura. te will have an
experienced crew that has made two trips
to the same region on the vessel

“Thave @lways wanted to visit the Arctic
Ocean and caine near doing so some months
ago,” said Mr. Fleischmann, “but had
almost given up the idea when Miss Sher-
| lock expressed her desire to go.”

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss Graecia, Inagua, Deo. & 1

 

Hospital, where it was said yesterday after-

seized the reins and brought the team fo a |!

Unlawfully mak- |

mann, who is to wed Miss Sherlock of this |

 

| ALL TURN AGAINST W.E. COREY

 

| NONE SYMPATHIZES WITH MAN
| WHO WOULD DIVORCK WIKE,

| Aged Father and Mother Broken Hearted
| “she Proved Her Love by Saving
He Earned #40
Parent.

and Patching When
a Month,” Says Once Proud

BRApbock, Pa, Dec, 7, [In a modest
little home the aged father and mother
of W. Ellis Corey, president of the United
States Steel Corporation, are prostrated
by the news from New York that he has
issued a statement in which he practically
confesses that he has planned that his wife

| may apply for a divorce.

Alfred A. Corey, the father, is 75 years
old and has been for many years tax col-
lector of North Braddock, Neither he nor
his wife had any inkling that there was
trouble in the family until to-day, when the
old man picked up a newspaper. Aged Mr.

Corey called on friends to verify the story,
} and being assured that it was but too true
| he said,

“If these stories are true;
| agreed that Laura be divorced from him,
that he may marry an actress, then were |
}on a jury I would hold out to the last to

”

if Ellis has

| send him to the penitentiary.
The woe of the grayhaired father is past
| deseriftion, He is crushed. Mrs, Corey,
! his son’s wife, whom he has always lovingly
) called Laura, has his entire sympathy,
| He bitterly denies the assertion of his
! gon, who said she had not loved him enough,
| and volunteers the information that the
| wife who helps the husband save, who
{ struggles through with him at $40 a month,
| patches his clothes, &c.. loves him. “And
| that’s what Laura did,” sobbed the old
man.
| J. B. Corey, head of the Corey Coal Com-
| pany, to-day wrote his nephew a long letter
| in which a spade was called a spade.
It was J. B. Corey who gave W. Ellis Corey
his first start, and the old coal operator is
broken in heart that things are as they
| seem now. He said
| “1 blame football, baseball and Andrew
{

 

Carnegie for the ruin of my nephew. He

always hankered to be a champion athlete, |

Then Carnegie put him
has ruined him. It
him. No young

| and this hurt him.
[eho he is, and it
| ruined Schwab before
| nan has a right to be put in such a place,
{and on the head of Carnegie rests this
| calamity, for it turned the head of W. E.
| Corey, making him forget both God and
| man.”
| Miss Ada ('orey, who has turned her back
on her brother and has gone with Mrs.
W. Ellis Corey to Nevada, has, it is under-
stood here, given up a life income which
was given her by her brother in the form
of rich bonds. She has announced that
she is with her sister-in-law to the end,
| even if she has to return to teaching school.
| Reno, Nev., Dec. 7.—Mrs, W. Ellis Corey
| to-day declined to be interviewed regarding
| her husbana’s statement published this
| morning. She was asked if it was true
| that she was to receive $1,000,000 for getting
a divoree but refused to answer

Reports were current last night that
Andrew Carnegie will insist that Thomas
Morrison succeed President Corey as head
of the United States Steel Corporation. Mr,
Morrison was bornin Dunfermline Scotland,
| and is related to Mr. Carnegie, Mside from
this he is said to possess ability as a steel

| maker and has the reputation of standing |

; next to Charles M Schwab as an expert in;
| Memorial

; mMAahaging men and getting results.
Mr. Morrison learned the
| trade in Seotland and came to the United
States in 1886, He got a position in the
| Carnegie steel plant and soon became fare-
| man of his department, He was promoted
master mechanic and the Du-
quesne works were finished he was made
superintendent. He also had charge
the Braddock mills, and when he resigned
he was superintendent of the Homestead
mills, having gone the rounds, He was
slated to succeed Alva C, Dinkey as presi-
' dent of the Carnegie Stee! Company should
} a change take place.
| After resigning bis position in Tomestead
he moved to this city, where le now resides,

| to When
|

 

 

machinist’s |

of |

He is a director of the United States Steel |

Corporation

committee
James Galey has also been talked of as a

possible successor to President Corey, but

and a member of the finance |

| it is pointed out that he is not a practical |

| steel maker, having devoted his time to
blast furnaces and the ore convevancing,

THREAT OF A TUNNEL SERIBE,

{
|

|

| Under River Workers Want an S Hour Day
| and a Union Scale.

|
|

| senting from 3,000 to 5,000 men employed

| bility of the reenactment here of the Rus-
| sian

| him from hunting during the Jast season, |
' No arrangement has as yet been made for

 

MRIDAY,

DECEMBER 8, 1905,

air to-day and to-morrow;

OVER 1500 JEWS MASSACRED?

Bertin Newspaper Reporte ai ‘Terrible |
Simughier at Kiel on Dec, 4 and &, |

|

{

|

.
Specul Ca le Despatches tu TH SUN

Benin, Dec, 7.—A here

terrible massacre of

newspaper re-

ports a Jewish stu-

 

December,
4 and 5. |
|
{
|

dents aod reformers at Kieff on

More than 1,500 were killed and @ large

number were wounded,
LONDON, Dec. 7.—Nothing has been re-

'
ceived reliably confirming the reported |
that |
there has been serious fighting there lately

massacre. It is known, however,

between loyal and disloyal troops, in which
it is stated that thirty-eight civilians were
killed.

It is now reported that the loyalists hold |

the centre and the commercial quarter of |
the town, while: the mutineers and revo-

portion of the
The

barricaded and the fighting continues.

JEWS IN AUSTRIA WARNED,

lutioniats occupy another

town and the fortress. streets are

Accused of Alding Soctalists and Told
Russian Atrocities May Be Repeated,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
VIENNA, Dec. 7.—In a speech to-day
Burgomaster Lueger, who is a notorious
Jew baiter, accused the Hebrews of supply-
ing to the Socialists money with which to

buy red flags. He said:
“I solemnly warn the Jews of the possi-

}
|
atrocities. We Viennese are anti- |
Semites, although we are not disposed to
murder and bloodsheg, but if the Jews en-
danger the Fatherland we will have no
merey on them.”

The speech is denounced by impartial
persons as an outrage and a direct incentive
to hoodlums to attaok the Jews

OUR WARSHIP TO ODESSA,

|

 

The Minneapolis to Be Sent if the Situation
Grows More Serious.

WasHanaton, Dec, 7.—The State Depart-
ment is awaiting developments at Odessa
before allowing the cruiser Minneapolis,
now in the Azores, to come on to the United
States. If the situation at Odessa grows
more serious the Minneapolis will be sent
there.

MRS. KERNOCHAN TO MARRY.

 

Her Engagement to John Hl. Foster, a
Well Known Huntsman, Is Announced,
Announcement was made yesterday of

the engagement of Mrs. Eloise Kernochan, |

widow of James L. Kernochan, to John H, |

Foster.
Mr. Foster came to this country about a |

year ago to act as huntsinan of the Meadow |

Brook pack. He is a gentleman rider of

considerable prominence in England. Last !

summer, while schooling a polo pony, he |
was thrown and sustained a compound

fracture of the leg and also a number of |

other serious injuries. These prevented |

the wedding, but it will probably be in
June. Mys. Kernochan still retains her ,
stable of hunters and will use them for
hunting next spring.

MONUMENT TO OCEAN'S DEAD, |

to the &62 Victhos of the
Atlantic's Wreck, 32 Years Ago.

Hanirax, N. 8., Dec. 7.-A monument |
was unveiled at Prospect to-day in memory |
of the 582 victims of the wreck of the steam- |
ship Atlantic, thirty-two years ago |

‘The expense of the monument was borne |
by the White Star Line, which owned the
Atlantic, The monument was unveiled by
the Rev. W. J. Ancient, who was the rector
at Prospect at the tune of the wreck and |
took a prominent part in the rescue work,

 

THE NEW HARVARD CLUB.
Bullding Opened With
Eilot a Guest, |
The remodelled and enlarged Harvard |
Club was formally opened last night. A
distinguisded company of Harvard alunini,
including President Charles W. Eliot, |
Charles S, Fairchild, former Secretary of |
the Treasury; Joseph H. Choate, former |
Ambassador to England, and Kear Admiral |
Erben, U.S. N., attended, The Columbia, |
Princeton, University of Pennsylvania, Yale |
and Cornell clubs were represented, Austen |
G, Fox presided at the ceremonies in Har-
vard Hall, where informal addresses were
made by President Eliot, Mr. Choate, Ed-

Re modelied Prest-

dent

A mass meeting of tunnel workers, repre- | mund Wetmore and Henry L, Higginson.
A mass ZO orkers, repre- |

in the tunnels now being constructed under |

the North and East rivers, was held at
McGowan's Hall, 11th street and Third

men should strike on Monday next.

The Rock Drillers’ and Tool Sharpeners’ |

|

|

|

jen last night, to decide whether the
| say

unions led the agitation, The men
) they can’t stand more than eight hours of
bad air. They also want a union scale of
| wages for all trades and an agreement that
| none but union men shall be employed in
}the tunnels. They have been conferring
| with August Belmont, but no agreement
| ha’ been reached, and it was deeided to call
|} astrike if the demands are not met by next
Monday morning.

'
| COMMITTEEMEN NAMED,
ee

Pemocrats Will Meet Tosntght and Ree
eleet MeCarren Chathaian.,

The delegates to the Kings County Demo-
cratic general committee met in their re-
Assembly districts in) Brooklyn

last night and selected executive com-

mitteemen, Inthe Twelfth district Michael

KE, Butler was selected in place of Register

Matthew FE. Dooley and in the Seventeenth

Magistrate John Naumer was elected in
| place of Henry F. Cochrane, who, although
a delegate to this committee, has come
out for the Hearst movement and is to be

Kpective

counsel for Sheriff-elect Flaherty, To-
‘night the executive committeemen will
meet in the Thomas Jefferson at Court

acuare and will relect Senator Patrick H,
McCarren as their chairman,

TUNNEL STEEL CONTRACT.

'
Awarded by the Pennsylvania R. it. to

| Villiken Bros,

! ‘The contract for the structural steel

’ work of the Pennsylvania Railroad tunnel
terminal was awarded yésterday to the
firm of Milliken Bros, of 11 Broadway. ‘The
company wave a bond of $1,500,000

 

OVER NIGHT TO CHICAGO
| PENNSYLVANIA SPECIAL,
The elghteen-hour train. Loaves New York 3:55
P. M., arrives Chicago 8:55 A. M.; leaves Chicago
2:45 P. M., arrives New York 0:45 A. M., via Peon-
sylvania Ratiroad.— Ade.

The main dining hall of the new building
is one of the handsomest rooms in any club
house in New York. A high wainscot of |
plain oak panelling surrounds the interior,
above which the stone walls rise to the ceil- |
ing. The east and north walls are pierced |
with windows, In the west wall are two |
enormous stone fire places, Four or five
portraits of eminent Harvard graduates
ndorn the wainscoting, those of Joseph ;
H, Choate and J, ©, Carter being painted iy !
Sargent. At night the hall is light d by two |
great chandeliers of Sheffield plate. The
dining hall, which is built after the Georgian
style of architecture, is on the ground floor
of the new addition to the club house, which

is three stories high. |

BOYS CRUSHED TO DEATH, |

One Little Chap Under a Troiley Car, the
Other by Deltyery Wagon,

Robert Webber, an eight-year-old boy |
of 562 East 112d street, was crushed by a
southbound West Farms trolley car at |
idtst street and Third avenue last night. |

     

 

' He died in a Lineoln Hospital ambulance

vot him to the hospital
2 Southern Boule-

just as the doctor
Motorman Maxwell of
vard was arrested,

While one ambulance was taking young
Webber to the hospital another was going
for Heury Huppler, 6 years old, who was |
run over and fatally hurt by a wagon at
ldist street and Brook avenue. The boy's |
mother said it was not the fault of the
ariver, Albert Gallinger of 181st street and |
Creston avenne, and refused to make a |
complaint against Gallinger,

Armour Consplirators Sentenced,

Cricaao, Dec, 7.-William McSwain and |
Wilbur Cole pleaded guilty to-day to the
charge of conspiracy to extort $40,000 from |
Armour & Co,, and were sentenced to thirty
days in jail,

 

 

 

'

|

Hiiness of Charities T. Yerkes. »

It is not denied by the pliysicians who |

are attending Charles T. Yerkes at the

Waldorf-Astoria that he is a very sick

man and that his heart ix in a weak condi-

tion. It was said yesterday that his condi-
tion was unchanged

 

For people who are in a hurry and yet want
perfect comfort in traveling, tn¢d New York Central
offers unequaled faciities.—A >

 

south winds.

PRICE TWO

 

NEW REVOLT IN CZAR'S ARMY

VETINEERS SEIZE TWO
IN THE CAUCASUS,

 

Troops Throughout the South said to Be

Awaiting the Signal to Mise--War
Omtlee Visibly Nervous Rising Begun
ut Sevastopol More strikes Also,

Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN

St. PETERSBURG, Dec, 5, via Kydtkuhnen}
Rast Prussia, Dec. 7,A meeting was held
here to-day by the Social Revolutionary
party. Agents of the party who arrived
from the south reported that the troops
in that part of the country were ready to
rise, and were only awaiting the signal
from St, Petersburg.

The Novoe Djisn, a revolutionary paper;
publishes despatches confirming these re-
which it received from telegraph
operators who refused to give them to
the Government. ‘These despatches state
that the port of Novorossisk, on the east
of the Black Sea, is controlled by
mutinous soldiers, who are maintaining
order, They are asking the workmen to
join them,

Mutinous troops at Catherinodar, in the
Caucasus, have seized the arsenal and,
16,000 rifles. They are distributing the arma
to the workmen there and at Novorossisk,
A similar rising has begun at Sevastopol.

The nervousness of the Ministry of War
is indicated by the annulment of the sen-
tence of death passed upon three leaders

ports,

coast

| of the atrike of the engineers employed on
' the Touscha Fortress,

in the Caucasua,
who were convicted by a court-martial,

Their comrades communicated with the

| Union of Unions, which notified the Govern-

ment that unless the sentence was with-
drawn a general railroad strike would be
ealled. This threat extracted the an-
nouncement to-day that the Minister of
War refused to confirm the sentence,
Strikes have begun on the railway be-
tween Kursk, Kharkoff and Sevastopol
and the line from Kieff to Poltava,
LONDON, Dee. 8.--The latest news from
Russia, which left St. Petersburg Wednes-
day, and waa transmitted by way of the
frontier, represents the situation as becom-
ing worse, especially as regards the finan-
cial position and the stability of the army.
Some allowance, doubtless, must be made,
owing to the suspension of internal com-
munication, with the consequent impossi-

| bility of verifying the innumerable rumors

The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Telegraph, after obtaining the latest foreign
obtainable there, wrote on
Wednesday that the rumors circulating
abroad were mostly exaggerated, and
sometimes grotesque. Nevertheless, in
the course of his long despatch he describex

newspaper

| the Government as being helpless in fac
/of the opposition of the revolutionists,

while the telegraph and postal strike is
rnining the country financially and eco-
nomically

The level to which the panic on the Bourse
Wednesday drove Government stocks was
far below the lowest ever reached since
the gold standard was introduced in the
He adds that the strike epidemio
is spreading and Russian society is liter-
is wide-

empire

Poverty
Whole

ally orumbling away.

spread and intense. districts ara

; suffering from famine.

When such a situation is recorded as @

fact by a correspondent who is certaialy
not unfriendly to Russia and Count Witte’s
Governinent it is not surprising that others
who are less inclined to act as apologists
for a benumbed Government bint at ta-
and

disaffection

finuncial disaster represent

os

pending

the spread oof  mililary
threateniiag a final catactysm

In addition to mutinous outbreaks at
similar

Riga,

Novorossisk and  Catherinodar,

demonstrations are reported — at
Odessa and elsewhere

According to one corre-pondent, terrible
Thecentral atrike

comtnittee controls 6,000,000 mou, one-third

bloodshed is impending

of them already armed, while arms are still
entering the country from all directions

Prominent military commanders are
asking permission to resign. The Minister
of War, the Minister of the Interior and
some other high officials have also requested
permission to retire from office.

The ravages of the peasants in the Baltio
provinees have driven the landowners into
St. Petersburg in a pitable state of destitu-
tion. Their possessions and family heir-
looms have been destroyed or appropriated,
their lands forcibly occupied, and they
themselves rendered paupers. The revolu-
tionists, whether acting through the work-
men's delegates or the revolutionary com-
mittee, divide authority with the nominal
government, and they are represented

as having the lion's share of power.
On the other hand, there are some indi-

cations that the law abiding are trying
to translate action their weariness
of universal anarchy. The feeling against
the revolutionists is growing, and there
is Boine hope to be derived from the attitude
of the Zemstvos, which are now about to

into

meet separately, and which, it is expected,

| will declare themselves on the side of moder-

ation. The Czar promises to receive on
Thursday the Tula Zemstvoists, who came
here avowedly to support Count Witte, on
condition that he would do his utmost to
restore public order and develop the prin-
ciple of the manifesto of October 80,

HARBIN: BURNING.

Russian Soldiers th) Manchuria Plundering
the Chinese Wholesale.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Tokio, Dec. 6. “Lhe Aachi prints a special
despatch saying that the town of Harbin

wae burning on November 80

The Russian soldiery there, being cut off
from supplies, were plundering the Chinese
by the wholesale.

Toast the brilliant beauty of yous, lady in a brim
ming, sparkling bumper of Geld Seal Cham-
Ppagme. Pquals French wine at half the cost. - Ade.

°

 

Fire pRae Snacas ae ae

i TES

=~

 

 

rye

 

yet

er

oth

as

$e me sgn fee ot
ren ed

4
¥

es

ex

 

Oe etree ote

diame —soagtemee—caes

 

aoe

ae

i an