==

VOL

LXXIX.—NO. 810.

TRAINS IN CRASH

) PERSONS DEAD!

Double Header Freight Plows
Through Coaches at |
Wilpen, Pa.

MANY CHILDREN KILLED

 

 

 

Passenger Train Was Loaded
With Picnickers and

Babies.

|

FARMERS TO THE RESCUE|

 

 

 

Mixup of Orders Causes Col-|

lision, From Which One
Escaped Unhurt.

 

 

Latrone, Pa., July §.—Twenty persone |
@ere killed and many others fatally in- |
jured this afternoon at 3:40 o'clock on the |
Ligonier Valley Railroad when a passenger |
train carrying picknickers was backing |
into Wilpen, The accident was due to a}
misunderstanding of orders. It happened
at the fair grounds, about one and a half |
miles from Ligonier. |

The accident was caused by a double |
header freight, which crashed into the |
rear coach of the passenger train, tele-
scoping several cars. According to latest
reports but one passenger on the train
escaped injury.

The coaches contained a large number of |
children who were being taken by Mise |
Matthews, a nurse at the home of George |
Senft, president of the Ligonier Valley '
Railroad, for a day's outing. All the
children were either killed or sustained
severe injuries.

The freight engines ploughed through
the wooden coach, crushing it as it
would an eggshell, The coach was ripped
topleces, All the occupants were hurled

the roadbed, some fell In the path

f the engines, while others were im-
bedded partly in the cinder and stone

|

|

 
  

 

 

lasting.
first engine of the double header
ing the freight train stopped after it
when he Jumped and both legs were
severed. He died while being taken to
the Latrobe Hospital.

Conductor Charles H. Kuhn of the,
passenger train leaped when he saw the
mpending crash and received a broken
ex. Engineer Dunlap of the passenger
train stuck to his post and was unin-
dent and men who were at Work at the
Denny racetrack went to the assistance
of the injured, laying them on the bank.

A messenger sped with all haste to
Ligonier and notified the residents there
ofthe accident. In a few minutes every
resident of the town who was able to
walk Was on the way to the racetrack.

p

rad passed through the passenger coach,

turned half way around and fell over on

ts side. Engineer Frank McConnaughey

was thrown under the engine and

scalded to death by escaping steam.

Fireman George Byers jumped, but fell

m the track, the wheels of the tender |
cutting his body in half.

Engineer Smith P. Beatty of the sec-
ond freight engine jumped and sus-
tained a broken leg, while his fireman,
jured

A frantic call for physicians and aid!

’

 

John H. Ankney, fell beneath a car
Farmers near the scene of the acci-

Was sent to Latrobe, Five Latrobe phy-

sicijans went to the scene in an automo- |
bile A special train was made up on

the Ligonier Valley Railroad and sent to

Ligonler to bring the injured to the hos-

pita!

When notified of the wreck the Penn-
svivania Railroad Company, of which
the Ligonier Valley Railroad is a branch,
sent a special train from Pittsburg to
Latrobe to bring the injured from the
\ertaned Latrobe Hospital to Pittsburg
hospitals.

The rescue train on the Ligonier Val-
ley steamed into the Latrobe station
7 o'clock this evening and was
almost the entire town. Every
conveyance in the town was at hand
and the injured were taken with dis-
patch to the hospital, wnere everything
‘ad been made ready for their recep-
tlon
The wreck train of the Pennsylvania
aiiroad from Pitcairn was ordered
1) here and is expected to arrive be-
re to-morrow morning. It is thought

* may be more bodies in the wreck-
awe Coroner H. A. MeMurray of
\

about

met by

   

tmoreland county and several depu-
fs came here this evening and took
» of the dead in local undertaking |
ments Fourteen dead are in
~ morgue here, while the others

© Stater’s and Hartman's morgues

      

   

\
4 *
Lhe dead
5 \I'GHY, FRANK, engineer, age!
a + feath under engine.
i} ‘LOKGE, fireman, age 28; cut in
|
4 MITH., engineer, age 86, died!
sirohbe Hospital !
j (OHS, Nreman, age 35: man-
5 engine; «df on way to hospital
wl OLS ge 11 years.
! I ULIZABETH, age 14 vears
' PILL SAMUEL, age 4 years
‘ i GR OMGK, age 65, @ wealthy
f kone: townantp.
of Wilpen.

HARRY, age 24 years, and,
age 20 years, of Ligonier
of Ligonier

4 uty
A Miss age 29 years, f
‘ KI WILLIAM, of Wilpen
E ! M. age 84, of Wilpen
N \ MIRE of Wilpen; side crushed. |
i SHOMAS. age 62, of Latrobe, head
( FRANK. age 10, non of Jonn,
‘ Wilpen. body crushed '
Mis JOWN, of Wilpen: died)
Lo koto Pittsburg
Un 1 Itallen legs cut off— head
(mes
fertittinm W hMilisourg, son of
‘ Pohe Ob Well Supply Compans
MATTHEW, Pittsburs
7 ed in Latrobe Hospital and
Oth: vutions are;
a > kK j

 

SS

fof J. &.

| to the Ball Game—They Did Both.

, Speaker Clark spied them.

| it.

! rear end of a railroad car an
‘hand and extemporaneously at

HALOW, PHILIP
OVERTON, TONY.
RODDI, ANDY.
DANAICEK, MELA
BESANDER, JOHN.
BEATTY, SMITH P., fireman. of Ligonier
both legs broken; taken to a Pittsburg hos-
pital
' RICENOWER, THOMAS, age 14, of
var,
EDSALL, SARAH, of Ligonier
STEDO, MAT, age 42, of MeCance
TZNAJCA, JOHN, of Ligonier
RHODDY, MAY, of MeCance, daughter of!
Henry Rhoddy
KUHN, CHARLES H, age 61. of Ligonier,
conductor; fracture of lew and bruises: taken
to Allegheny General Hospital

 

 

—— ee

YORK,

PROF. ANDRE, DANCER
IS ANTONY MACALUSO

Lithe Cabaret Star Turns Out
to Be Figure in Fischer-
Hansen Case.

 

SATURDAY, JUL

 

6, 1912,—copyria

—+ -—

Y

BARNES TO RUN CAMPAIGN?

New Yorker Said to Re Siated for
Poat at Request of President,

Willlam Barnes, Jr., chairman of the
Republican State committee, may cut
tshort the vacation he had planned to
keep him at Nantucket until next Mon-
day or Tuesday and may be back here

 

to-day to go on to Washington to meet,

President Taft on Monday, when the
President will return from Beverly.
From what could be learned yesterday

HOON, BESSIE, age 16, daughter of ta-/ WAS ACCUSED OF BRIBERY {®t the State headquarters the sugges:

ward Hoon of Ligonier.
JOHNSON, Dr J, of Ligonier; hurt in-!
ternally; may die
PETERS, MARY HELEN, age 2, dauehter|
Peters of Ligonier; head cut, left |
leg and left arm broken, in Latrobe Hos. |
pital; may recover.
ANDREWS, BERNEDETTA. age 8, daugh-
ter of John Andrews of Ligonier
LLOYD, ISAAC H., of Wilpen
BROWNFIELD, WILLIAM, age 6
Samuel Brownfield of Ligonier; scalp wound,
treated at Latrobe Hospital and taken home
HAMILL, Dr. C. A, of Ligonier, hurt in-|
ternally; may die
ANKNEY, RAYMOND, age 15
Pa.; broken leg; taken to West
Hospital, Pittsburg
CAMPBELL, WILLIAM,

of Rector.)
Pennevivania |

age 34, of Vie.

) onier; skull fractured; taken to Wear Penn

Sylvania Hospital, Pittsburg: may dle

CASSINO, BERNARD ©, age 22. of}
Palmer, Pa.; broken leg; taken to West)
Pennsylvania Hospital, Pittsburg

KNOX, H. H, age 40, of Ligonier, con-

tusions about head, severely bruised about |
shoulders and legs; taken to Allegheny Gen- |
eral Hospital, Pittsburg i

MATHEWS, Miss ESTHER M., age 30. of
71 Chalfont street, Pittsburg. broken arm
and leg and bruises about head, taken to |
Allegheny General Hospital, Pittsburg |

BERENA, WALTER, age 32. of 912 Locust |
Street, McKeesport, Pa. clerk in’ National |
Bank of McKeesport; left leg fractured, left |
arm fractured, contusions about body. taken
to McKeesport Hospital, McKeesport

|

DISORDER IN THE HOUSE.

Members Wanted to Adjourn and Go

WasHINGTON, July 5. Worn to a fraz-
zle, with nerves upset, the House Demo-
crats to-day displayed a restlessness that
could not be quieted even by the pounding
of Speaker Clark's gavel. They wanted |
to adjourn. They wanted to see the ball
game. They did both.

Speaker Clark pounded for order vig-
orously. He called on the *ergeant-at-
arms to maintain order, but to no avail
He directed that conversation be stilled
and appealed to members to cease their
aimless meanderings up and down the
aisles.

Representative Burleson of Texas, one
of the Wilson leaders in the Baltimore
convention, and Majority Leader Under-
wood were in animated conversation.
His pound-
ings increased, and again he called for
order.

Mr. Burleson glanced toward the
Speaker. He saw the Speaker's face. It
bore a scowl. He disengaged himeelf and

| retired to the cloakroom.

Representative Underwood smilingly

' addressed the chair with the request that

the “House do now adjourn.” He voiced
the unanimous consent of the House, and
the members went home to rest and to the
ba ll game.

BOYS KILLED BY LIGHTNING.

Strack by a Bolt While in a Tree
Picking Cherrica,

FISHKILL LaNpbING, July 5 — Victor |
Ferry, 13 years of age, was instantly |
killed this afternoon by lightning and
his brother, Thomas Ferry, 10 years of |
age, was so badly burned that he died

The boys had @}>out finished picking the
cherries in a big oxheart tree in their
yard on Dewindt street and their mother
stood in the kitchen door watching them.
The thunder and lightning storm had
only begun and it was the second bolt

| that killed one of the boys and caused |
the other's death |

The lightning tore |
their shoes from their feet and mont of the |
clothing from their bodies. Both boys |
fell from the tree to the ground, a dis- |
tance of fifteen feet. |

The mother dropped ina swoon to the}!
kitchen floor. A daughter, Miss Alice,
rushed to her side, and when she saw her

, brothers lying on the ground she screamed |

and fainted. Neighbors telephoned for
physicians and three doctors responded. |
They worked over Mrs. Ferry end her,
daughter for an hour and brought them

, back to consciousness. A peculiar thing”
‘about.the thunder and lightning storm

was the fact that no rain accompanied |
There has been no rain here for eigint
weeks

FEW SPEECHES BY WILSON.

Wilt Not!

Palmer Says Governor

Stamp Country.

PRILADELPHIA, July 5.—A. Mitchell
Palmer, floor manager for Gov. Wilson |
at the Baltimore convention and one of a
committee of seven who will confer with
the Democratic nominee all of next week
to lay plans for Wilson's campaign, said |
in an interview here to-night that Wilson |

 

| would make very few speeches during |
, his campaign, and would follow none of |

the campaign methods of his opponents.

“Gov. Wilson will make especially pre-
pared addresses in the large cities in the
country,” said Mr. Palmer. “He will not
stump throughout the country from the
speak off- |
every
town in which his train stops during the
campaign.

“Gov. Wilson is a great orator with a
sreat Democratic measage. He will ad- |
dress the people on definite occasions at
great assemblies. We do not expect him
to atump the country.

“For the next two weeks Gov. Wilson
and the Democratic forces will reat quietly |
until the excitement of the convention
ahates. Gov. Wilson will not start his
campaigning until then at the earliest.”

TOO POOR TO WAIT.

|
'

Law's Delays induce Father to Take
9500 for Dead Child.

Henry Weber, father of Retta Weber,
4 years of age, who was killed by a
truck of the Aeollan Company while |
playing In front of his home at 160
East 147th street on June 7th last, got
permission from Surrogate Cohalan yes-
terday to compromise a suit agalnat the
Aeollan Company for $500

Weber sued for $10,000, but in asking
permission to compromise he sald he
was a poor man and could not afford
te combat the law's delayy. The child
was killed in sight of her mether, whe
had called to her to get out of the way
of the truck,
C&C Ginger Ale and Burke's @@@ irish Whiskey,
a cale drink for guifers.— Ade.

|affair and a lot more besides.

 

Young Man Nabbed When He
Reports 812,000 Jewel Theft
and Police Investigate.

| There flitted through the cabarets of |
5. son of New York last winter a dancer of sinuovs | member of the sub-committee, the fact

glides and funny steps who made a great
hit.

Andre, Prof. Andre, was the name this
youth gave himself, and he claimed to
have taught Maurice, who was then in-
structing the upper strata in the newest
prances, all that Maurice knew.

Last night Prof. Andre entered the
Tombs in a graceful manner and stayed
there. He has turned out to be Antony
Macaluso, who acquired notoriety during
the Carl Fischer-Hansen trial for bribery
and then skipped off to Europe when his
testimony was most wanted.

Macaluso's arrest was as great a sur-
prise to the police as it was to himself.
There has been in the District Attorney's
office for almost two years a bench war-
rant charging Macaluso with bribery, but
as the New York police heard that he had
been sent to jailin Paris for two years they
forgot all about the indictment here.

Macaluso tells all about that Paris
In fact, he
banters names of the great and near
great in an exceedingly familiar manner
and does not hesitate any more now than
he did three years ago to mention in-

| timate details of his acquaintanceships.

The way he got into the Tombs yester-
day was most unforeseen. Commissioner
Dougherty had heard a complaint of a
$12,000 jewel robbery from Prof. Andre
Reiga at 365 West Fifty-fifth street, and
sent Capt. Gloster and Detectives Flynn
and Fitzsimmons to investigate. Young
Mr. Reiga was most put out by the loss of
the jewels. They were his wife's, and
some of them had been given her by rela-
tives of some of Europe's crowned heads.
His wife had known many titled men in
Paris and the jewels were evidences of
their esteem.

Who had taken them? Why, appar-
ently, a rascally Bulgarian artist whom
Reiga had hired at $1 a day to do chores
around the house and at odd moments
to paint a picture of madame. He had
taken this impecunious artist in, clothel
him and fed him, and now the rascal
walks off with madame’s pearls.

During this recital Detective Fitz
simmons had been cudgelling his brains
in an effort to remember where he had
seen Prof. Andre before, and then ic
dawned on him that the dancer bore many
resemblances io Tony Macaluso.

He accused Andre of being Tony and
the dancer admitted that he was,
when Fitzsimmons mentioned that
had bet.er put his hat and coat on and
make the trip to the Tombs Tony nearly
dropped. He had not known of
indictment up to that time and thought
that he was through with the case. In
fact, he had ialked with detectives whom
he had met on the street and once he met
Car] Fischer-Hansen on the street.

“And do you know,” he said, “he had
the nerve to speak to me.”

On the way down town Macaluso told
a wonderful yarn. Parc of it is true,
because a New York detective saw him
in Paris about two years ago and at that

!yime the voung Italian, then 21 years old,

had plenty of money. He owned two
automobiles and lived in one of the best
hotels in Paris.

“When I got ont of town at the time of

the Fischer-Hansen case never = mind
where I got the money- | started for
Paris,” said Andre yesterday. “I got

there with just $41n my pocket and could
not speak French, IT wandered around
for a time and mighty near starved till
one night in sheer desperation I got up
in a café and sang a song and danced a
bi I made a hit and I went away with

ja little real money in my pockets. I

kept up the singing and dancing and
also posed a bit and finally made enough

; so that [could pay for lessons in French,

German and Spanish. I speak five lan-
guages now, the two other being English
and Italian

“Then [ drifted onto the stage and after
a few small parts went to the Olympia,
where Polaire and I were the stars. We
originated the Apache dance, and I made
quite a bit of money. Then Polaire be-
came jealous and I quit.

“Monte Carlo sounded good to me, and
with 700 francs in my pocket I went down
there. The whole 700 I ataked at once and
won, Then I bet againand again, finally
playing nothing but the limit -10,000 france

until | had won nearly 500,000 francs and
began to loge,

“Then Maurice, the dancer and one of
my pupi's, dragged me out when I was
160,000 franes to the good. The officials
were so sore at my luck that they dug up
an old circular sent out by the Paris police
and had me locked up for seventy-two
hours until they learned that I was not
wanted,

“While | was in Pars Car! Fischer-
Hansen cabled to me that if I would come

$20,000,
nothing doing.”
Since Macaluso came here on December

134 last he has been dancing in the Cafe

Boulevard, the Folies Bergére and other
places and living well. He says he landed
here with $10,000 in his inside pocket and
has spent a good part of it, so that his
wife's jewels constitute the wealth of the
family now

Going to the Tombs worried him not a
bit, and he trotted up the steps almost
gaviv after a dramatic farewell to his
wite, the detectives and his lawyer,

The bribery charge against Macaluso
grew out of the first trial of Carl Fischer-
Hansen on # eharge of extorting $15,000
from Joseph FO O'Brien, a decorator of
Philadelphia, for the suppression of let
ters Whieh © Brien is said to have written
to Macaluso. Pischer-Hansen was dis
charged on this charge but was convicted

| on the charge of aitempted bribery.

but |
he |

the!

President in Washington came from the

On that day the sub-committee of the
Republican National Committee ap-
pointed at Chicago is to meet In Wash-
ington. The sub-committee will select

| President himself.

campaign. Although Mr. Barnes is a
that he has been asked to meet Mr.
Taft before the meeting of that body
led to the belief that he was to be
asked to undertake the management of
the Taft campaign.

Mr. Hilles, the President's private sec-
retary, has been suggested as the one
who probably would be chosen, but Mr.
Taft has been told, according to what
was heard yesterday, that Mr. Hilles
would be of more service in his present
position and that it would be advisable
to hand over the practical charge of
the campaign to some such experienced
man in organization work as Mr.
Barnes. .

WASHINGTON, July 5.— One of President
Taft's closest friends in the Senate said
to-day that Secretary Hilles had decided
that he could not undertake the campaign
management and it became generally re-
ported around the Senate that William
Barnes, Jr., would be made national
chairman,

President Taft is much pleased with the
manner in which Mr. Barnes handled the
situation at Chicago and also appreciates
the way in which he held the New
York delegation in line although they
were uninstructed.

CHICAGO PUBLISHER KILLED.

Negro Chauffear Also Meets Death
in Auto Accident.

Cuicaco, July 5.—Albert T. Leach of
the Kenfield-Leach Company, printers

and publishers of thie city, and a negro |

chauffeur were killed in an automobile
jaccident in Indiana last night. Two

| women, a Mrs. Wilson and a Miss Murray,

and Don J. Marooney, a brick manu-
facturer, all of Chicago, are in a hospital
at Valparaiso, Ind., suffering from bruises
and injuries.

Mr. Leach was killed outright when the
automobile in which the party was going
to South Bend, Ind., overturned at what is
known as the Malone Bridge, between
Weatville and Valparaiso. His legs were
broken and his chest crushed in. The
chauffeur died in the hospital in Val-
paraiso.

BUBONIC PLAGUE IN HAVANA?

City Will Be Quarantined at Once
if Fears Are Confirmed.
Specia! Cable Despatch to Tre Srv,

Havana, July 5.—The doctors decline
to state until to-morrow whether a sus-
picious case that has been discovered here
is really the bubonic plague. Thera is
little doubt that it is. The disease has
been prevailing at San Juan, Porto Rico,
for some time. Rats are dying through-
out the warehouse region near the water-
front and this, it is claimed, is an in-
variable symptom of the presence of the
bubonic scourge. Every precaution is
being taken and the doctors are confident
that they will be able to prevent the
spread of the disease.

The suspect under investigation is a
Spaniard. If the bacteriological investi-
gation shows that he is suffering from the
bubonic plague Havana will be rigidly
quarantined and cut off from the rest of
the island and the outside world.

Some people think that a number of
the recent deaths along the waterfront
have really been due to the bubonic
plague.

“MRS. C. C. MASSEY DIVORCED.

Hasband Ia Son of Mz-Connsel of
Penneylvania Road.

PHILADELPHIA, July 5.—Mrs. Clara
Clark Massey, daughter-in-law of the
ex-chlef counsel for the Pennsylvania
Railroad, has obtained a divorce from
George Gordon Massey. The divorce

 

 

 

 

ht, 1918, By the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

Boat Landed.

\ LINE

tion that Mr. Barnes should meet the!

| Mysterious Chinamen Who

the man to take charge of the national | Boston, July 5.—The officials of the

a

NECKLACE | KILLED A PLAYMATE,

| Hoya tn a Fight at a Baseball Game

 

 

LOST $30,000

 

| Because One Couldn't Play. |

ON A BOSTON STEAMER: Willie Polansky had a new baseball
\ ; Yesterday when he went to Seward
| I

| Park on East Broadway for a game of
ee ball. The boys made Willle, who lived
iMiss Atala Thayer Reported near by, at 234 Henry street and was 15
Loss Three Davs After years old, captain of the team and this
. carried with it the regnt to choose the

lhoys who should play.
Willie did not choose Philip Kaplowitz,
who lives at 218 Madison street, and
Philip lost his temper. He sald he would

 

OFFICIALS PUZZLED

 

| cmencemnneneutesine | play just the same and went out to
| q | Second base.
iHer Telegram Tells of ia Philip, wheth the boye call Matty,

;was a year older than Willie Polansky.
When Willle told him he would have to
wet off the field Fatty came in and
‘struck Willle in the face. He fell down
° ‘ | and Philip ran out of the park and
Maine Steamship Company were some-|jome, The other boys tried to get
what surprised yesterday to receive from | Willie to his feet, but he sank back.
Chocorua, N. H., a telegram describing , They poured water on him and rubbed
the loss of a valuable pearl necklace | his hands, but before a policeman got a

on the steamship Bunker Hill of that , doctor Willie was dead.

|hine on her trip from New York to Boston | AMERICAN TRIES TO ESCAPE.

| last Tuesday. ‘ seaibatisin

| The necklace, the property of Mis#! Leaps From Swiss Cell—Fighta Dog
| A. W. Thayer of New York, who has! and Warder.

‘a magnificent summer home at Chocorua, Sperial Cable Despatch to Tur Svs,

| ie described as being worth $30,000, On the | Geneva, July 5.—-An American named
{part of officers of the line and of the, A. Carmens, who had been confined in

| particular steamer there is inclined to be| Prison in the Bois Syphen Mermet at
Lausanne for theft, filed through the

considerable doubt and mystery surround | bars of his cell and jumped into the court-

ing the loss. ;
| yard and commenced manufacturing a
Though the Bunker Hill docked here | ladder @ith eheew and bite of Wood,

Gar capes ee akties tee tae after the prisoner's absence was
no mention made of the loas until to-day, oe ane. the J a on ch ae ine
when first Vice-president Jones of the tA oe te she tn one a fh oe
Maine Steamship Company received a aeetne our se ure oe! : badoage
telegram from Chocorua signed A. W. ae ng — eral of the latter before he
Thayer. The wire told of the loss and said | W@8 Secured,
that the gems were in all probability
| eraneea in a piece of tissue and told of two WIFE VOTED BREADWINNER.
Chinamen who cleaned up the room.
Chinamen are not employed on
Bunker Hill and never have been, nor, |
as far as the officers of the boat are able! CHicaco, July 5.—When Mr. and Mrs.
to learn, were there any Chinamen 48) Jaaac Danielson, 3899 Osgood sireet, were
passengers on the trip in question. If the | confronted with the problem as to which
jewels were really lost the officers are | of them should be the family breadwinner
inclined to the belief that they may have | they decided that as the wife had the
gone through a drain pipe in the bath-| greatest earning capacity she should
room of the suite occupied by Miss Thayer. 'make the living. Isaac agreed to stay at
| Inquiries made at the detective bureau | home and do the cooking, dishwashing,
\in this city elicit no definite information. mending and care for the baby.
| Deputy Superintendent Dugan denies} Panielaonstands six feet in his stockings
| that he had heard of the matter, as does) and weighs 197 pounds, but he meekly
Inspector Wolf, who looks after the water- | donned an apron and for several months
front. |has performed the household duties,
“The whole matter,” said Vice-President! Mrs. Danielson, small of stature but
| Jones, “looks rather queer to me. I can- | imbued with the spirit of business, has
not understand why persons will persist | Proved a success as a breadwinner. She
in leaving valuables in their staterooms, is established in the women's tailoring
when they know that the purser has a} business.

safe in which such articles can be stored | LaceamaS
ARRESTED 501 TIMES.

during the trip. I have done all I can in)
thie case and have even asked for a police | oo

Pittabarger Warn Released to Enjoy
fourth of Jaly Jag.

Cleaned Stateroom,

 

 

 

 

 

the | She Maken Moat Money and Husband
Does Housework,

 

 

{nspector to assist in the matter. How-!
jever, I have implicit confidence in all our |
| boys and believe them to be honest. IJ) ‘ : :
|do not believe that the pearls were lost | Fitrssvura, July 5.—True to his promise
{on the ship at all.” ' made to Magistrate Matthews a few days
| These facts are known: Miss Thaver! before the Fourth that he would be back
| occupied room 209, one of the best on the | immediately after Independence Day

boat. There is a bath adjoining. Her for sentence if allowed to spend the holi-

maid had room 219, which is in another | day in celebrating, something he had not
;Part of the ship altogether. Both the | been able to do for twenty-seven years,
purser and the steward who had charge | Robert Hughes was arrested last night
of the rooms eaid that they had heard | on cares Si verend yind ati aa
; ‘ 1 loss, nis makes the 501s e tha’ ghes
nothing of the jewels or their alleged los has stood before the bar awaiting sens
The steamer Bunker Hill belongs to tence. “Bobby,” as he is familiarly
the Metropolitan Steamehip Line and runs | known, when remanded for sentence this
from New York to Boston. It was on a} morning told Magistrate Matthews that
return trip Thursday and will be here to- | he had “a time,” and he was very thankful
day again. At the offices of the line) to his Honor for the opportunity. Magis-

nothing had been heard of the loss of a
$30,000 necklace, and the officials of the
line thought it very unusual that if so
large a loss had occurred it had not
reached them officially.

Commissary Peck, who receives such
reports, said yesterday afternoon that
he had seen the steward of the Bunker
Hill Thursday and had a long talk with
him. The steward made a report of a
few amall losees not aggregating a dollar
in value and that wasall. Mr. Peck won-
dered why Miss Thayer had not reported
her loas before she left the boat

Miss Atala Thayer lives at Port Wash-
ington, L. I., and is a flag member of the
New York Yacht Club and owns the steam
yacht Zoroya. She atarted on July 2 for
a visit in New Hampshire. Her brother,

| George A. Thayer, who lives on Man-
haseet Shore road, Port Washington,
said that he had heard nothing from his
jeister since she left New York. He did
| not know what jewelry Miss Thayer car-
‘ried with her on the trip and could not
say whether she owned so valuable a neck-
lace as the one reported lot.

 

 

decree has been entered at Dover, Del. |

The decree if the climax to the do- | JUDGE SEEKS LOST WIFE.

ne a at e a: mereree. which | Cleveland Clabwoman Missing Since
started in 1907 with the disappearance | teat Shadkibisind,

of the husband. At the same time Mrs,
Evelyn B. Raue, wife of Dr. C. Siga-' CLEVELAND, July 5.—-Mre, William F.
mund Raue of this city, disappeared. Fiedler, prominent club and _ society

Detectives engaged by Mrs. Massey | woman, wife of ex-Police Judge Fiedler, is
to search for her hsuband found Mas- | missing under mysterious circumstances.
sey and Mrs. Raue on a ranch at Cody,| “I haven't the slighteat idea where
Wyo. Dr. Raue was freed from his|my wife is,” said Fiedler to-day, “She
wife a few months after her disappear- | disappeared last November without say-

 

ance,

SPEEDING WITH DYING MAN.
Doctor Makes Unavailing Daah fiver
Rough Noada to Save a Life.

N,.

 

SOMERVILLE, J, July 6.—Carrying

la dying man on his lap while his auto- |
mobile speeded twenty-five miles over ;

rough mountain roads, Dr. Edward H.
Crystelle of Califon arrived at the
Somerset Hospital

lite had fatled,

With his right leg severed above the
knee and hia left foot cut off, Edward
Lisk, who was found along the tracks
of the Jersey Central Ratlroad = at
Califon, died as he was lifted from the
automobile to be carried into the hos-
\ pital. Dr. Crystelle was so exhausted

 

from his hard ride that he was tmme- |

diately put to bed.

Dr. Crystelle told the hospital author-
ities he was compelled to take hia re.
markable midnight ride because the
; people of Califon and the officials of the
\Central Rallroad of New Jersey refused
}to assist him to save Lisin life,

CHANGE IN BLORIDA SERVICE,
Seaboard Alr Line Ry» Florida Cuba Speetal
| effective July 7 will leave New York 3:38 1 M. in-
stead of 094A M Nochange in Atlanta service

Por tickets, reservations, call 1186 H'way.— Ade.
4

shortly after mid- ,
| back and testify for him he would give mej night last night only to find that his
I sent back word that there was |ruce against time to save his patient's accompanied by a forty-five mile gale

‘ing a word to any one and since her de-
parture I have received no communica-
|tion from her. Her departure is a com-
| plete mypery
That Mrs. Fiedler may have wandered
away ina fit of mental aberration and now
|be in a sanitarium is the belief of Mrs.
| Elmer F. Bates, @ close friend of the miss-
jing woman.

AIRSHIP TURNS FLIPFLOP.

‘Lands Ride Side Up in Lake Erie—
Aviator Rescued, s
A thunder storm

 

 

CLEVELAND, July 5.

|helped Otto Horn, amateur aviator, do
a record breaking stunt late this after-
|}noon over Lake Erle.

| Horn was giving an exhibition on the
j\lake In a hydroplane, The first blast
;of wind caught the planes just
‘and Horn svared tnto the air. The
tight was so much of a surprise to
the aviator that he neglected to control
the machine and three or four succeed-
jing puffs of wind made the plane turn

right ;

trate Matthews said that as Bobby was
entitled to the time that he had enjoyed
he might go free.

| MUST SHOW FAMILY TREE.

Descendants of Declaration Signers
Scent Fraad.

PHILADELPHIA, July 5.—There will be
many faces missing at the next meet-

 

ing of the Descendants of the Signers
of the Declaration of Independence,
which will convene at Independence

 

Hall
have been members of the organization
under false pretences.

The board of governors for a year
has been conducting a quiet crusade
and as a result has issued a call to
the members of the organization de-
manding that within sixty days they
submit a chronological map of their
ancestral tree, showing the exact string
by which they are tled to the original
signer of the Declaration. Many of the
strings will be cut off short, according
to one member of the board of gov-

on July 4, 1913. Many persons

President Faces Breach With Lodge
Too Over a Jadgeship,

WaAsHINGTON, July 5.—President Taft,
it developed to-day, is theatened with a
break with Senators Lodge and Crane,
the two Administration leaders from
New England, over the appointment of
a Federal Judge and the forced resig-
nation of Assistant Secretary Andrew
of the Treasury Department.

The two Senators have iasued what
virtually is an ultimatum to the Prest-
dent in behalf of District Judge Fred-
erick Dodge of Massachusetts for the
appointment of Judge in the First Cir-
cult, comprising Maine, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The
President has made known his deter-
mination to appoint Judge Parsons of
New Hampshire. The supporters of
{Judge Dodge are preparing to oppose
‘the nomination of Judge Parsons in the
Senate,
| FORTUNE FOR POLICEMAN.

ernors,
CRANE AND TAFT NEAR BREAK.

 

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Local showers and cooler to-day or to-night
and probably to-morrow; southerly winds.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 13.

'
,
\

|
'

|

Soames aan — SSE
PRICE TWO CENTS.

Oe

O GORMAN SHINES
N WILSON CAMP

New York Senator Is Going
to Be Big Campaign
Factor.

 

PEACE OFFER TO SMITH

 

 

He and Nugent Will Get an
Invitation to Luncheon
at Sea Girt.

CHANCE

 

A FOR McCOMBS

 

Formation of Advisory Com-
mittee May Pave His Way
to Chairmanship.

 

Sea Girt, N. J., July 5.—Woodrow
Wilson having accepted the leadership
of the Democratic party as a perquisite
of the Presidential nomination got down

to practical politics to-day, and it kept
him busy,

Several things were manifest because
of this new task. First was that United
States Senator James A. O'Gorman of
New York is to cut 9 considerable figure
in the impending campaign. The sec-
ond is that Governor will set out to har-
monize all party differences, even to the
extent of holding out an olive branch
to his bitterest personal enemy, former
Senator James Smith, Jr

The chances are that Senator Smith
will accept the branch for the sake of
party regularity, and that he with James
R. Nugent, Harry Backus of Caldwell
and Mayor Arthur B, Seymour of Orange,
who were the fighting anti-Wilson Essex
county delegation at the Baltimore con-
vention, will be here on Monday when the
Governor and Mrs. Wilson entertain
the New Jersey delegation, State Chair-
man Edward E. Groascup and National
Committeeman Robert S. Hudspeth at
luncheon.

That will be a pretty good start in the
harmonizing work if the Governor can
carry it through. He has initiated it by
sending special invitations to the men
through State Chairman Grosscup.

Senator O'Gorman was easily the moat
important visitor of the day at the Little
White House. He had the longest talk,
the most direct talk, of all of the im-
portant men who saw the Governor, and
the others were men of the calibre of
Josephus Daniels of North Carolina,
William G. McAdoo of New York, Com-
mitteeman Hudspeth of New Jersey
and Cato Sells of Texas.

The principel topic of conversation after
Governor and Senator had withdrawn
to a corner of the big drawing room to-
day was of the National Committee
chairmanship. _ It may be said definitely
that the man has not yet been chosen.
The Governor wanted Mr. O'Gorman's
ideas on the subject and he got them.
He asked for an expression of opinion
from every other person who called to-
day.

May Pave Way for McCombs.

In any event Senator O'Gorman of
New York will have much to say in this
forthcoming campaign. If he is not the
chairman or the vice-chairman he is
likely to be the member of an advisory
committee which will be at the right
hand of the man who will be chairman.
That may pave the way for a man whose
political experience, like that of William
F. McCombs, is limited. A groupof men
like Taggart, Sullivan, O'Gorman, Burke
of North Dakota and Wade of lowa
would be very useful to any man, expe-
rienced or otherwise.

Joseph E. Davies of Wisconsin seems
to have eliminated himself from the
chairmanship race. Mr. :Davies ‘has
designs on the Governorship of his State
and that fight will be on this fall.

Following Mr. McCombs are Robert 8.
Hudspeth and Fred B. Lynch of Min-
neapolis, the old Johnson chairman, with
Martin J. Wade of lowa as a dark horee,
It seems certain that he will be the vice-
chairman of the committee. When it
comes to other officers of the campaign
committee, William G. McAdoo is mene
tioned for the treasurership. Mr. Mc-
Adoo's reputation as a money getter is
well established and this campaign will
require money like many another. Mr,
McAdoo would not express himself on
the subject to-day.

It may be said without qualification
that Gov. Wilson was pleased at the newsa-
paper reports this morning which pro-
claimed him the new leader of the Demo-
cratic party, but he balked at the title of
boss. He joked with the correspondents
a little, but then wanted them to under-
stand the difference between the two.

Not Boas, Merely Lender.

“The difference between a leader and a
boss,” he said, “is that the boss runs the
party for his own personal use."’

He does not like that kind of a man.
He wilt not be a boss; he will only insist
that where his principles and those of his
advisers clash, that his ideas prevail.
That will go for everything from chair-
man to details.

The Governor started his day by anawer-
ing and signing 100 letters. He arose
early although he had a pretty busy day

| Member of Philadelphia Force Re- | yesterday, and after that task was off his

signs With #100,000,

| PHILADELPHIA, July 5 For thesecond
‘time within a week fortune has smiled
‘on a member of the Philadelphia police
|force, This time Lieut. Thomas Magee

|

a flip flop and the machine landed Inj of the Twenty-sixth and York streets |

the lake right side up with Horn, dazed,
j still in hia seat. Another puff of wind
overturned the whole apparatus, Horn
| was rescued by lifesavers,

“That's the first and last time Ul try
for the acrial Mlp flop record,”
, said on landing.

TO BAN ISH SUMMER FATICONU KB take Hors.
lass of |
Summer

' ford’s Acid Phosphate Teaspoonfiul tn
cold water, makes 4 delolous, cooling
drink \

{orn !

is the recipient of wealth. He
tendered his resignation yesterday be-
| cause he had just dropped into a fortune

of $100,000
Policeman

| station

John MoSwierver reeeived

Had died and deft him #500.000
!

At the soda fountain insist on having your
drinks favored with Angostura Bitters, worid-
renowned tonle of caquisite Mavor Ad

\

'
|
‘

hands he had a meeting with the Efficiency
and Economic Commission, of which State
Senator Walter FE. Edge of Atlantic county,
floor leader for the Republican majority,
is the head. ‘The committee did not have
to come to Sea Girt. It came more to
congratulate the Governor, although
Senator Edge and Mr. Nichols, the Repub-
lican members, are stanch Taft men,
After that meeting the Governor signed
requisition for a Hoboken wife beater

word on Tuesday that an uncle in Lrekind Who get across the Hudson, and then he

met MeAdoo, Daniels and Grossecup
separately
Mr. McAdoo is an old friend and was @

strong Wileon rooter during the cam-