“VOL, LXXV.—NO. 133.

GERMAN LINES JOIN IN WAR

HAMBURG AND NORTH GERMAN
LLOYD FORM AGREEMENT.

Shipping Men Leok for a Three Cornered
Fight Between Them and Cunard and |
Mercantile Marine—British Lines May
Invoke Law Against Second Cabin Cut.

Hamburg-American North
(serman Lloyd lines have buried the hatchet
after a battle for transatlantic supremacy
lasting from the time the steamship
Mentechland captured the speed pennant
from the Cunard Line, about seven years |
ago. The Deutschland holds the record |
for crossing the Atlantic between this port
and Piymouth in less time than any other
ship. The North Germag Lloyd steamship |
Kaiser Wilhelm II. claims the record be- |
feeen Sandy Hook and Plymouth. That
ia the way the situation between the rival
lines stood when the Cunard Line, with the |
Mauretania and Lusitania, knocked out
all apeed and time records.

The White Star Line, after diverting
half of ita fleet from the Queenstown and
liverpool service to the Southampton,
Piymouth and Cherbourg route, naturally
came into direct competition with the
German ships, taking away much of the
patronage that the Hamburg and North
German Lioyd lines had practically !
monopolized for years.

A deapatch from Bremen, confirroed by |
(iugtav H. Schwab of the North German |
Lloyd Line, said that the two German lines
had agreed to work harmoniously for four |
years in north Atlantic and east Asiatic |
traffic. They have practically entered
into a pool by which they are able to put
a girdle around the worki for the beneilt |
f German interesta and the accommoda- |
\ion of voyagers of all nationalities. {

Mr. Schwab said: “There have been
iRevities in Africa and in the Far Eastern
service which have been adjusted There
have been misunderstandings on the North
Atlantic in regard to freight rates and the
two companies have come to a satisfactory
se(tlement in regard to them ” i

Emil L. Boas, general manager of the |
Hamburg-American Line, was noncom- j
nittal on the agreement between his com-
; any and the North German Lloyd interests.
Me authorized the issuance of a circular
indicating that the line is going to enter

ito the rate war originally started by the
‘unard and the International Mercantile
company with soms vim The circular |
seve that the second cabin rates on the
steamships A@erika and Kaiserin Auguste

|
|

e operative for four years. It vi
the trade with America, Africa and the Far |
} The Hamburg-American company |

}
|

The and

’

months afloat than in a hotel ashore, provided
i do not object to the restrictions of the

“oond cabin This rate does not apply
to the Deutschland, which ia undergoing
werhauling in Germany and will not be in
commission again until April

A steamship man of British affiliations
said that the Hamburg line might get into
trouble with the English authorities if it
attempted to land at Plymouth second
cabin passengers paying less than $49 for
their passage Under the British mer-
chant shipping act of 1906, the time that the
ereat Cunard turbines were under way, all
|} assengers in the cabins must pay “in the
}roportion of at least 65 shillings for every
1,000 miles of the voyage” or the steamship
will be regarded as an immigrant ship and
her passengers treated accordingly. ‘The
opinion of some of the English steamship
men is that the act was intended to prevent
an invasion of foreign steamships in the
ports of Great Britain.

The impression among steamship men
of all classes is that the pooling of the in-
tereats of the North German Lioyd and the
Hamburg-American Line will result in a
triangular battle between the German
vombination, the Cunard Line and the In-
ternational Mercantile Marine.

KAISER PROMPTED THE DEAL,

To Celebrate It With a Reyal Dinncr—Com-
panies’ Shares Rise.
special Cable Lespatch t& Tus Son.

Hawecre, Jan. 10.—The practical com-
hination between the two com ies, the
North German Lloyd and the Hamburg-
\inerican, is ascribed to the intervention
of the Kaiser, who is concerned leet the
Cunard Company should wrest trade from
he German lines. The Kaiser signalized
his pjeasure at the settlement by sending
cordial letters to Herren Wiegand and
Pailin, directors of the respective com-
anies, inviting them to meet him at a
reval dinner.

lt is understood that the agreement will

Victoria, two of the finest vessels in the
trade, will be hereafter until May 1 $83,
reduction of $¢@ This means in effect
that second cabin passengers will be taken
noroas aca for about the saine money that
they would have to pay in a first class hotel!
in the same period, about eight days to
Piymouth or Cherbourg and one day more
to Hamburg
rhe rate second cabin on all steamehirs
the “P” clase, such as the Pennsylvania,
Pretoria and Patricia, twelve day ships to
jamburg
renotnces its passenger traffic to the Far
Fast and limita itself to the carrying of
reight, receiving in exchange a greater |
hare in the second class traffic with Amer- |
“a The agreement also covers the freight
irade with southern United States ports
The shares of both companies rose 3 per
eet. at the Bourse as a reoult of the settle-
which is regarded as atrengthening
® position of the Germans in the trans- |
viante trust and as being of special im-
‘rtance in view of the Atlantic rate con-

ment

g, at this season will also be $28.
will thus be cheaper to spend the winter

vhich will be held in London on
18

erence

‘enuer

AILIS SON AT WIFE'S GRAVE
\nd Then ‘Tries Suletde--Leaves Letter |
Ghing Boy's @tindness as Motive. |
Ravenna, Ohio, Jan. 10. Edwin Williams
ha three-year-old blind son, Edwin,
wife's grave last night, shot him dead,
‘i then put a bullet through his own body |
ear the heart. He will die.
\ letter found near by reads:
lhis isa tertile thing to do, but I am
ured of life, and L know God will forgive
me Teant stand it to see my poor iittle
‘win go through this hard, cold world
“ithout his sieht, and the doctors have
oid me they can do nothing for him. Be-
«des, ! am so lonesome for my wife—m

oor htth Flo, So goodsby all.”

SEABO.

RD FLORIDA LIMITED vice
biortest Toute. Othes ike" fahbleaad Paces.

Aah

toh

eee ns
ee --

NEW YORK. SATURDAY,
(CANAL MAY COST $260,000,000|

RIO AWAITS THE FLEET.

Entertainments fer Evans's Officers and
Men—Flotida at Peruambuco.
- Special Cable Deapaiches to THE SuN.

Rio pg Janzrro, Jan, 10.—An eleborate
Programme for the entertainment of the
officers and crews af Rear Admiral Evans's
battleship fleet when it calls at this port
has been prepared. Every feature has
been submitted to Irving B. Dudley, the
United States Ambassador, who has ac-
cepted all the hospitalities on behalf of
the fleet, subject to emergency. If the
ships should make port to-morrow, as is
expected, the time of their stay will be
filled as follows:

January 12--Officers of the fleet will visit
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Baron de
Rio Branco.

January 13 — Visit to Dr. Penna, President

| of the Republic, at Petropolis; in the even-

ing a banquet at the American Embassy at
Petropolis.

January 4-—Breakfast given by the
Minister of Marine, Admiral Alencar, on
Mount Corcovado.

January 15—Breakfast given by the
President of the Republic at Petropolis
and a garden party at the American Em-
bassy.

January 16--Féte by the American colony
at Fluminense Park.

January 17—Picnic given by the Minister
of Marine at the Botanica Gardens.

January 18--Banquet given by the

| Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Monroe

Pavilion.

January 19—Picnic given by the Brazilian
Navy at Tijuca Park. 8

On January % there will probably be

| receptions on board some of the American

battleships
The fleet
January 21.
PernamBuco, Brazil, Jan. 10.— The
torpedo boat flotilla arrived here to-day
from Para. The weather was fair on the

is scheduled to leave on

| way down,

The flotilla was delayed two days owing
to the fact that the boilers of the Stewart
became salted,

F verybody on board the flotilla is well. -

The vessels will leave here on January
13 for Rio de Janeiro

WasHIncron, Jan, 10.—The flotilla of
torpedo. boat destroyers haa arrived at
Pernambuco, according to a report re-
ceived at the Navy Department to-day.

‘The flotilla is out ‘seven days from Trini-
‘ad and about five days behind its schedule.
‘Lhe next stop will be at Rio de Janeiro.

MIKADO'S HEIR CONSUMPTIVE.
German Specialist Going to Japan to
Treat the Crown Prince.

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sux.
LONDON, Jan. 11.—Aocording to the
Stuttgart correspondent of the Daily Mail
Prof. von Baelz has been summoned to
Tokio to consult with other physicians
concerning the health of the Japanese
Crown Prince, who is suffering from hing
disease. His condition haa lately become

more serious.

The Crown Prince of Japad ti Yoshihito
Harunomiya. He was born at Tokio,
August 31, 1879, and declared heir to the
throne on November 3, 1889. He was mar-
ried on May 10, 1900, to the Princess Sadako
Fudjiwara. The couple have three sons.
The Crown Prince has four sisters, but no
brother.

ONE BET ON JOHNSON.
Beston Jack McDonald Lays $5,000 He'll
Win if Named.

The first bet made in the Hoffman House
on the outcome of the Presidential election
was recorded last night. Thomas H. Shev-
lin, the father of Tom Shevlin, the Yale
football player, and at one time the Minne-
sot4 member of the Republican national
committee, was telling a group of news-
paper men that in his opinion the strongest
candidate the Democrats could name for
President was Gov. John A. Johnson of
Minnesota.

“Gov. Johnson,” Mr. Shevlin said, “is
one of the best Governors that Minnesota
ever had. He carried the State for the
Democrats in the year that Roosevelt was
elected and since he has been in office he
has made a splendid record. Although [
am a Republican I think that the Demo-
crats, if they desire to make any kind of a

«

show at the next election, could not do |

better than nominate Gov. Johnson. But,
mind you, while I say that he would be

the strongest candidate that the Demo- |

ordts could nominate I do not think that even
he could defeat the Republican nominee,
who, I am convinced, will be Secretary
Part.”

John S. (Boston Jack) McDonald, the
turfman, who was listening to the conversa-
tion, broke in at this point with the chal-
lenge “I will bet $5,000 that if Gov. Johnson
is nominated he will be elected.”

“Ull take that bet,” promptly responded
Mr. Shevlin, and when the terms of the bet
were written ott both signed it and the
paper was deposited in the safe of the
Hoffran House. One condition that Mr.
McDonald. insisted on was that if President
Roosevelt should be renominated the bet
should be declared off. To this Mr. Shevlia
agreed.

JUSTICE FORD REBUKED.
Appellate Division Holds That He Wrongly
Released a Woman.

The action of Justice Ford of the Supreme
Court in discharging on a writ of habeas
corpus May Wilson, a woman charged
with larceny, because in hia opinion the
District Attorney's papers on the return
to the writ were drawn’in a “slovenly man-
ner” in his opinion and “meaningless,”
was severely oondemned yesterday by
the Justices of the Appellate Division, who
in a unanimous opinion order Justice
Ford's decision reversed and the woman
remanded to custody, if she can be found,
which is doubtful, since she has been at
liberty since her discharge, in October.

Justice Ford admitted that if he had not
been dissatisfied with the papers submitted
by Deputy Assistant District Attorney
Johnstone he would have held the woman
and diamiased the writ. Mr. Johnstone
argued the appeal from Justice Forc's
decision himself, but there was no appeer-
ance in the woman's behalf Mr. John-
atone took the appeal merely to have Jus-
tice Ford's action reviewed.

Roosevett to London Zoo.

The Bronx Park Zoological Garden re-
ceived yesterday three three pronged
antelope from the Yellowstone Park on
their way to the London Zoological Society.

are a gift the from

Proident Rokeevel, and will be held bere
Sell an caput enlists Guan.

—

~~

THE|\ ORIGINAL ESTIMATE WAS
FAR TOO Low.

Increase Due to Underestimate of Amount | pont

of Excavation, Cost of Canal Zone Gev-
ernment, of Imprevements in Panama
and Coten and the Panama Railroad.

Wasmineron, Jan. 10.—When the Senate
Committee on Interoceanio Canals méeta
next Thursday, in response to a call from
Chairman Kittridge, it will be made ac-
quainted with some interesting and dis-
turbing information in regard to the cost
| of completing the great waterway, Figures

to be presented by Lieut.-Ccl. Gosthals,

the chairman of the Canal Commission,
will show that the original estimate of the
cost of completing the canal was far below
what it should have been. The new estimate
will increase the cost of completion by
from $70,000,000 to $110,000,000, making the
total cost of the work between $210,000,000
and $250,000,000, instead of something less

than $140,000,000. Secretary Taft and J. C.
S. Blackburn, a member of the Canal Com-
| mission, wiff appear befcre the committee

with Lieut.-Col. Goethals.

The minority of the Board of Consulting
Engineers,

whose recommendations for

fon a i

has i; cre tnlaeee Nak
JANUARY 11, 1908.—cCopyrion, 1

alt
_ ell

en eae ee ene

MORE CITY REVENUE. BONDS.

Mergan Syndieate May Increase lis Pur-
chases te 865 000 000.

At a epecial meeting of the Sinking Fund
Commission yesterday it wae decided to
increase the option given to the J. Pier-
Morgan syndicate to purchase
$20,000,000 worth o8 6 per cent. special
revenue bonds before 1 to
$35,000,000 and to allow the vatil
February 15 to take advantage of the
option.

When the Morgan syndicate helped the
city out of an embarrassing place some
time ago, when the municipality needed
cash, by buying $30,000,000 of the revenue
bonds the syndicate also obtained an option
for $20,000,000 more. The increasing of that
option to $35,000,000 will mean that the

‘ Morgan syndicate will take a total of $65,-

|

carrying out the canal scheme were adopted
by Congress to the exclusion of the ma-

jority recommendation, estimated that
the canal would cost $139,705,200. The
increased cost will arise from an alleged
underestimate of the amount of excavation
to be done and the fault of the minority
of the Board of Consulting Engineers to
include in its estimate the cost of main-
taining the government of the Canal Zone,
the cost of water works and paving, the
cost of sewers for Panama and Colon and
the cost of equipping and relocating the
Panama railroad It is claimed by the com-
| mission that the underestimate of the
jamount of the excavation necessary to
complete the canal was due to calculation
based upon a unit coat of labor and excavat-
ing. The commission contends that these
calculations were too low. There will
be some men needed also for enlarging
the locks of the canal. The original esti-
mate of $139,000,000 did not include any

; of the necessary work outside of the actual
construction of the canal.

Lieut.-Col. Goethals will be able to report
to the committee that the progress of cana!
construction has been so rapid as to ex-
haust the appropriation for the current
year. Secretary Taft will ask Congress to
appropriate $11,000,000 to meet a deficiency
caused by this fast excavation.

} Congress has already appropriated $79,-
608,548 of the amount necessary for the
completion of the canal. The total amount
expended so far, including the appropria-
tion for this fiscal year, is $48,286,110. Of
this amount 839,452,498 has been spent on
the construction of the canm&. ‘The civil!
government has cost $2,31%,276; sanitation,
$5,550,000, and miscellaneous expenses,
$949,116.

The original estimate of the minority
of the Board of Consulting Engineers
placed the construction of the locks of the
canal at $36,000,000. The present commis-
sion believes that the locks will cost
anywhere from $52,000,000 to $42,000,000, and
if it is decided to increase their width to
120 feet, as recommended by President
Roosevelt, their cost will be even greater.

The present commission has found that
there is a great deal more work to be done
on the isthmus in digging the canal and
in acceasory work than was estimate!
by the Board,of Consulting Engineers,
who spent a comparatively short time in
going over the actual work to be done,
The total amount of excavation estimated
on April 1, 1907, by the present commis-
sion was 114,515,000 ocubio yards, while
the amount of excavation estimated by
the minority of the Board of Consulting
Engineers in 1905 was 95,955,000 cubic yards.

It is confidently expected by the present
commission that the canal will be completed
by January 1, 1915, provided there are no

| setbacks in the work and the present rate
of excavation can be maintained. During

| December more than 2,000,000 cubic yards
were taken out of the canal. The minor-

| ity members of the Board of Consulting
Engineers gave as their opinion that ten
years would be required to construct the
canal. They were Alfred Noble, Henry
Labbott, Frederick P. Sterns, Joseph Ripp-
ley and Isham Randolph.

SAN FRANCISCO ROU SED.

| Public Condemns Court's Decision Freeing
Schmitz and Ruef.

San Francisco, Jan. 10--Nothing that
has occurred in San Francisco since the
conviction of Mayor Schmitz has so thor-
oughly aroused the people as the Appel-
late Court's decision declaring Schmitz and
Ruef not guilty of extortion in the French
restaurant cases.

While errors were made by the trial Judge
and while the prosecution showed strong

animus against Schmitz, most people think
there was nothing to justify dismissal
To declare the indictment void on purely
technical grounds is regarded by good
lawyers aa a grave mistake. One unfortu-
nate feature of the case is that the Judges
of the Appellate Court are closely con-
nected by marriage with people who have
been indicted or who have vigorously op-
posed the graft prosecutions.

Judge C , who wrote the decision, is
a brother-in-law of W. 1. Brobeck, who was
indicted for complicity in the alleged Park-
side railroad franchise

t received many favors from
Schmitz. ,

Judge Hall is a brother-in-law of State
Attorney Moore, senior counsel for Patrick
Calhoun and Tireyfovd.

Judge Dunne, whore conduct of the trial
was condemned by the Appellate Judges,
voiced the general opinion when he said
that judges so rela to people who had
suffered from the prosecution could
not be in a proper of mind to decide
fairly on the merits of the case.

The prosecution has provided so many
indictnenta against :chmitz and Ruef

them ail.
ant cases whieh have been declared void
Schmitz has been indicted on forty other
counts. Ruef has been indicted on 117
counts.

Ruef and Schmitz may ‘get out on bail
within sixty days if they can get a Judge
to fix reasonable bonds. Ruef to-day was
in conference with District Attorney
don for two hours, Ruef
freedom in return for
don appears loath to
has to

t

| station was on guard near the

|

ft.
Judge Kerrigan's wife | is a daughter of |
James MoNab, head of the big draying |

000,000 of this claas of bonds, which run for
one, two and three years. Comptroller
Metz said yesterday that the city was at
the present time in need of at least $1,000,000
a day to meet the demands made upon
the treasury and that the only way the
money could be raised was by special
revenue bonds.

The syndicate has already purchased
about $43,000,000 of the revenue bonds,
having taken $30,000,000 in & lump of the
original issue and from time to time since
$13,000,000 of the $20,000,000 on which the
syndicate had an option. This option, it
was said yesterday by a banker connected
with the syndicate, has been extended to
the first week in March.

The bond market has improved oon-
siderably since the first of the year and for
the city bonds particularly there has been
an active demand. Unless there is an un-
expected change in bond market conditions
the $15,000,000 bonds authorized yesterday
will be taken as well as the $7,000,000 re-
maining from the prior option.

A PSYCHOLOGICAL SOUSE OURE.

Bishop Fallows to Try His Remedy on Rum,
Coke, Dope and Other Fiends.
Curcaco, Jan. 10—A sanitarium for the
treatment of drunkenness and drug habits
is being planned by Bishop Samuel Fallows
of the Reformed Episcopal Church.
“Christian psychology” is to take the place
of the gold, aromatic spirits of ammonia,
seltzer water and other sobering devices.
Already a number of wealthy philan-

thropists have written the Bishop regard- |
ing his proposed treatment and all express

approval of his plan.

“There is no doubt that drunkenness and
drug habits can be cured by Christian
psychology,” said the Bishop. “Drunkenness
is a disease just the same as pneumonia,
a disease of the nerve tiasues.

“At present I am compelled to refuse to
treat inebriates as | have no suitable place
for the work.”

CIGAR STRIKE SPREADING.

2,000 Men Out in Havana Now—Masons
Retarn to Work,
Special Cable Despatch to TuR SUN.

Havana, Jan. 10.--About 800 more cigar-
makers quit to-day, making more than
2,000 now on strike because of an alleged
violation o° their agreement with the -enr-
ployers, The strikers also assert that the
employers are deliberately laying off the
men who were responsible for the strike
laat summer,

A committee of workmen visited Gov
Magoon this afternoon. He expressed to
them the hope that they would not strike.
It is possible that more men will quit work
to-morrow, Ten independent factories are
now tied up. The trust employees are not
affected.

The striking masons returned to work
to-day

SIX FIRES IN ONE HOUSE
In Twenty-four Hours—All Apparently In-

cendiary— Woman May Have Set Them.

Six separate incendiary fires withio
twenty-four hours in a large four story
double stone apartment house at 478 Bain-
bridge street, Brookiyn, were under inves-
tigation last night by Fire Marshal Beers,
who expressed the opinion that within a
short time he imght have under arrest a
female pyromaniac. All the fires were
either in the apartments of Leopold Lipp-
man on one side of the first floor or close
to his rooma.

The first blaze was late on Thursday
afternoon in a wardrobe on the first floor
just off the main hall. A young colored
girl employed in the Lippman family gave
the alarm and the fire was soon extinguished
without the aid of the fire department.

At 9 o'clock yesterday morning a second
fire was discovered among old papers and
rags at the bottom of the dumbwaiter shaft,
and fifteen minutes after this blaze wag put
out there was another in a cupboard drawer
in the apartments of the Lippmans. The
drawer had been filled with rags and paper.

An hour later the colored servant startled
the house again by screaming that there
was a fire in the dining room sideboard,
and after this blaze was extinguished smoke
was seen coming from a bedroom, where a
lace curtain and a bed mattress were found
blazing.

While tenants were aiding in putting out
the fires the colored girl ran into the street
goapioulating w-. She ran, to one Se
and was pursued and cau, ¥ a police-
man. She told him she not committed
ang, wrap .

sixth fire was discovered a little
before noon in the cellar. It was also in
a pile of rubbish, and then the fire depart-
ment was called out, Ali the fires had
ao peculiar that the police notified Fire
Marshal Beers and he was soon at the soene.
A policeman attached to the Ralph avenue
86 last
night.

120,000 DEATH VERDICT UPSET.

| Appellate Division Reverses Record Jadg-

ment for Loss of Husband.

The judgment for $120,410 obtained in
the Supreme Court by Mrs. Sarah C. L.
Read against the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad Company as dam-

| ages for the death of her husband, Frank
| B, Read, who was killed in a collision be-

| June, 1904, was reversed

tween an automobile he was riding in and
a Central train at Van Cortlandt Park in
esterday by the
A late Division of the Supreme Court.

is is the second verdict reversed by
the Appellate Court arene out of the same
acoklent, Mias Margaret Noakes, who was

| in the automobile, lost a leg as a result of

that it would require several years to try |
Besides the five French vestans. |

the collision and got a verdict for $30,000
which was reve some time ago.

The chauffeur got a $10,000 verdict in
Kings county which has not yet been ro-
versed

The Read verdict was the largest ever

| given in this county in an accident suit.

Coort Holds Future Dealing Not Gambling.

Prsnaz, 5. D., Jan. 0.—The Supreme
Court has im effect decided that dealing
in futures is not The decision

apmbling.
sent “penis talener
ees Wear aseee

!

}

‘

|

2
|

KNOCKED BY CAR FROM BRIDGE

POLICEMAN HURLED TO RIVER
WHILE STOPPING sUIcIDE.

Fitzgerald Was Climbing From the Prom-
enade When Car Strack Him— Woold-be
Suicite, Arrested, Saye BE. A. Walker
of Chivage—The Body Not Found.

Policeman Robert J. Fitzgerald of the
Brooklyn Bridge squad was knocked from
the bridge by a street car at 11:25 o'clock
last night while he waa trying to save a
man who eat on the outer railing of the
bridge, apparently contemplating suicide.
Fitagerald was thrown against the third
rail on the elevated tracks and fell
between the rail and the bridge structure
into the river. His body had not been
recovered at an early hour this morning.

Fitagerald, whose post lies along the
Manhattan anchorage of the bridge, was on
duty beside the anchorage when he heard
a man calling him. The man proved to
ta be Stephen Brady, a hoisting engineer,
of 190 Grove street, Manhattan Brady said:

“A man just went down that ladder “1
think he intends to commit suicide.”

The ladder in question runs alongside
the electric light post from the promenade
to the roadway of the bridge. Fitzgerald
went after the man and Sergeant John J.
Farrell, who also got the alarm, ran along
to help.

Fitzgerald saw that the would-be suicide
had climbed up the lattice work on the
outer edge of the bridge. Fitzgerald kept
hie eye constantly on the man as he himself
climbed down the ladder and didn't see a
Putnam avenue car, bound for Brooklyn,
approaching. Sergeant’ Farrell saw it and
yelled to Fitzgeraid, but just at that moment
the car brushed Fitzgerald off the ladder.

The ticw bert the policeman off the road-
way to the elevated tracks on the inside
of the structure. He seemed to fall on the
third rail and then dropped through into
the water.

By this time Policeman Scannell had
joined Sergt. Farrell, and the two rushed
acroas the roadway and jerked the would-be
suicide from the railing. He was then
hustled to the headquarters of the bridge
squad in Washington street, Brooklyn.
He appeared to be dazed and would say
nothing for an hour

Finally he said he was Edwis Walker of
537 Wabash avenue, Chicago. He said that
he came here last Wednesday and lost $45,

all the money he had. He decided yester- |

day to comnit suicide, ha said, and went to
thebridgetodoit. His father isin business
in Chicago, he said.

Edwin Conlon, ths motorman of the Put-
nam avenue car, was arrested.

Fitageraid, who had been on the force |

fifteen years, lived at 120 Eaat Eighty-niuth
street. An alarm was sent cut to all the
precincts borderink the river to keep « close
watch for Fitzgerald's body.

TOWER’S NAME IN THIS SUIT.

Salesman Alleges Wife Misconduected Her-
self With Poughkeepsie Man.

The Tower divorce suit that is agitating
Poughkeepsie had an echo yesterday in
the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court in the shape of a decision requiring
Louis Weis to furnish Minnie L Weis with
a bill of particulars in her auit for divorce.

Mrs. Weia began a suit last August for a
divorce, charging her husband, who is
the representative of a large tobacco con-
cern and travels considerably, with miscon-
duct with several women in various cities.
Weis replied by denying his wife’s allega-
tions and by setting up ae a separate answer
an allegation that Mrs. Weis, at various
unspecified times and places in 1906, had
been guilty of misconduct with Albert Ed-
ward Tower, the Poughkeepsie ironmaster,
“who,” this allegation reads, “without
other consideration than such adulteries,
supported and maintained the said plain-
tiff and advanced to her large sums of
money and other things of value.”

Weis bas not asked for a divorce from his
wife, but merely asks that her complaint
against him be dismissed

Justice O'Gorman denied Mra. Weis's
motion for a bill of particulars from her
husband detailing just what times and
places he referred to in his allegation and
what money or articles of value Tower
had given her.

The Appellate Division says that to
justify such an indefinite and general alle-
gation, made without any demand for
affirmative relief, Weis must have some
special knowledge of the things he charges,
and that he should at least be compelled
to specify the times and places of the alleged
adulteries.

Pending such a bill of particulars Weis's
framed issue for the jury, whether “at
various times and places in 1906” his wife
was unduly intimate with Tower, must
be stricken from the list of issues framed
for the trial jury. After ho has served his
bill he may renew hia motion to submit a
question to the jury based on his specific
allegations. :

TROUBLE IN TEHERAN AGAIN.

Zéroastrians, Stop All Work Because of
Banker's Marder.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
Lowpon, Jan. 11.—The Teheran corre-
apondent of the Times reports a renewal of
the troubles there, and says that terroriam

prevails.

All the Zoroastrians have struck work
because one of their influential bankers was
mu rdered.

SUBWAY TRAINS RUN TANDEM.

Feed Wire Burns Ont and Disabies One,
With No Serious Results.

A northbound Lenox avenue local subway
train came to a sudden stop at a quarter
after 5 o’olook last night just below the
Worth street station when the feed wire
in the motor car burned out. All the lights
in the train went out and there was some

smoke, but the crowd aboard kept cool.
rman was quick and in a jiffy
of the crew the train
behind. the reer 1 hitohed up
to the disabled train trolley fashion and
to ~~ atreet.

ined
ito, be

ie oa oe ee

i. +e

08, by The Sun Printing end Publishing Association.

VERY fit.
ence en coma

OZARINA
She ls Weak From of haftnenze and

to combat obesity.
KILLS A JAGUAR IN HIS OVEN.

Beet, Fearing for His Child’s Safety, Gets
Rid of the Beast Vory Quickly.

Thomas Beet, a private detective, lives
at 172 Bay Thirty-fourth street, Benson-
hurst, with his wife and two daughters,
Mildred, 13 years old, and Dorothy, 11.
Until yesterday afternoon there was another
happy member of the family, a six month
old jaguar cub which Capt, Cyrus Weldon,
who commands a vessel in the South Ameri-
can trade, gave to Beet some time ago.

The child and the cub were having their
regular play time in the kitchen yesterday
afternoon when Mr. Beet, so he says, heard
a soream and ran out into the room to find
Dorothy backed against the wall while the
jaguar oub crouched near her as though
about to spring for her throat.

He grabbed up the snarling, spitting little
beast and then wondered what he'd do
with it, The open door to the oven of the
gas range cought his eye and without stop-
ping to consider whether or not some of
Mrs. Beet’s pies might be inside he shoved
the jaguar in and olosed the door. Then

| he turned on the gas and waited to see what
would happen. Later he buried the cub in
the back yard.

TORPEDO WORKS IN COLD WATER.

Test of Biiss Lecvitt Tarbine Missile at
Newport Proves Successful.

Newport, Jan. 10.--That the new Bliss
Leavitt turbine torpedo will work per-
fectly in a sea very near freezing tempera-
ture was demonstrated this afternoon.

Commander Albert Cleaves of the torpedo
station took out the torpedo boat Norris
and after speeding her up to nineteen knote
fired two torpedoes.

The first, at 3,500 yards, ran true as a
die at twenty-six knots The second, at
2,000 yards, attained thirty-five knots

EMPRESS AT AMERICAN CHURCH.

} Says No Other Churches in Berlin Have as
Many Advantages.

Spceti Cable Despatch to Tar Sux.
Berum, Jan. 10.—The Kaiserin surprised
| the Rev. Mr. Dickie, pastor of the American
| church here, by informing him at 10:30
| o'clock that she proposed to visit the church.
She appeared at 11 o'clock, accompanied by
| an adjutant and a lady in waiting.

She made a complete inspection of the
building, even visiting the kitchen attached
to the ehurch...She was particularly inter-
eated in the library end expressed surprise
at the manifold afrangements made for the
comfort, use and recreation of the congre-
gation, saying that nothing of the kind
was known in German churches.

The visit was made in fulfilment of a
promise given by the Empress at the open-
ing of the church three years ago.

TO PRESERVE JOHN ALDEN HOME.

House Where He and Priscilla Lived New
Owned by Kindred Association. -
Douxerry, Mass., Jan. 10.—The historic
home of John and Priscilla Alden in this
town has been sold under foreclosure pro-
ceedings. The place was mortgaged by
Frank and John Alden to a Plymouth sav-
ings bank. The foreclosure was brought
ahout by Gordon Southworth, guardian for
John Alden of St. Louis, insane, in order to
perfect the title for the Alden Kindred
Association of America.
It ia understood that the Alden kindred
will restore the property to ae near its
original appearance as possible. It will
then become the shrine of the Alden kindred
and future reunions of the family will be
held there.

RUSSO-J APANESE TREATY.

Last Sequel to the Portsmouth Peace
Pleases Mikado'’s Government.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Son.

St. Pererssure, Jan. 10.—The Novoe

Vremya says that the Ministry of Foreign

Affairs will shortly publish the text of a

political convention with Japan, which

closes the important series of arrangements
resulting from the Portamouth treaty.

The Japanese Legation assured ‘the

Novcoe Vremya that the convention gives

great satisfaction to Japan.

TO MAKE BETROTHALS BINDING.

Catholic Contracts te Marry Must Be
* Whinessed by Priests

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 10.—Roman Catholic
clergymen in this city have been notified by
Archbishop Ryan to instruct their parish-
ioners regarding the new marriage laws
of the Church before Easter, when the
régulations become effective.

One of the most interesting provisions of
the lawe relates to engagements. Here-
after promises to marry will not be con-

| sidered binding in the ecclesiastical courts
' of the Church unless the betrothal is re-
| duced to writing and attested by a priest
| or two other trustworthy persons

$20,000 AND A GYPSY BRIDE

| For the Man Who Wins the Love of Winifred,
i King North's Lovely Daaghter.

Appieron, Wis., Jan. 10.—There is $20,000

Waiting for the man who can win the heart

{ Winifred, the “beautiful nee” of

} ‘Kin orth, chief of a band of Arpaies

which has t broken camp at Mi ou

itg wey to Missouri.
| he daughter is a native born and

.

a ess sess ses ssn

has twenty years roaming about
the country.
| ‘The parent has decided that the reomantio

; coats eae eeer Wie

view 4e has offered $20,000
wine her .

|

HARD PENALTY FOR RUM SELLBR,

Violator of Maine Lew Seatenced to Pay
$1,000 and Gerve 17 Months.

Sxownwaan, Me., Jan. 10.—One of the

on
liquor

4

'

|

PRIOR TWO CENTS.
§ FIREMEN LOST IN BUILDING

BODY OF ONE FOUND LATER IN
22 STORY | STRUCTURE.

Others Peuned im by Fire Believed Dead
—Meny Firemer start and Tenants of
Heaes All About Mave to Turn Gut for
Safety—Retien Hose a Hindrance.

As bad a fire as the city has had raged
from & o'clock yesterday afternoon until
long after midnight and gutted the big
Parker Building, at Nineteenth street and
Fourth avenue, with a loss variously esti+ |
mated at from $1,500,000 to $6,000,000. The |
body of Fireman John Fallon of
Patrol 3 was found on the seoond floor early
thismorning. Twoother menare thought
by those who were with them to have lose
their lives when the fifth floor of the builds
ing collapsed. The missing men are Thorhas
Philips and George O’Gonnor of Engine |
Company 72.

Besides these men Capt. Garvin of Engine
Company 72 had both legs broken and’
Deputy Chief Langford and Battalion Chief |
Ross were both badly hurt. Capt. Kelly, |
who was with Fallon when he was buried |
beneath a falling piece of machinery, #48 |
knocked out and Police Capt. Stephen —
MoDermott had hia right leg broken.

The fire waa a very spectacular one and
was watched by thousands of people.

The firemen and Commissioner Lantry all
put the blame for the great loss on the cone ,
dition of the hose, which was rotten beyond
any use and which burst continually, ham ,
pering the firemen to a great extent and’
causing them to lose much valuable time.

Fireman Lynch of Engine 72, who waé

| thought first to be among-the number who

t

had been carried down by the crash on the :
fifth floor, rescued Probationary Fireman

Kelly, who was with the men of Engine 73 |
at the time the floor fell. Kelly said later |
on when he had recovered that Lynch had

resoued him and directed him to a place |
of safety the second after the crash. Kelly

said that he lost his head for the minute

and was running blindly in the wrong direé-

tion for safety when Lynch followed him

into the smoke and dragged him by the

arm toa place of safety on the fourth floor.

Battalion Chief Roses was injured slightly
in the fifth floor crash, but he recovered
enough to go on with hia work after mid-
night. He was with O'Connor and Philips.
and told what happened:

“Chief Langford, Capt. Garvin of Engine
Company 72, some other firemen and I
were on the fifth floor with the other poor
boys. Suddenly we heard a roar like thun-
der and a shower of bricks and stuff came
down on us. I dropped to the floor and
grabbed Langford to help him. I don’t
remember anything more until I was brought

on the sidewalk. I am positive, how-
, that the two miasing men are just
where I stood when the crash camé
where I dropped my lantern,

it is there that their bodies will be found.

After the fire had been put under control
Commissioner Lantry made some bitter
remarks on the condition of the hose used.

“This fire casts no reflection on the work
of the department, as the men could easily
have controlled the fire had the hose been
good,” he said. “The hose was simply
rotten and did not last at all. Hose was
bursting at critical times every minute, and
all that occasioned much deélay and is re-.
sponsible for the fire getting away from the:
men. It was an outrage.” '

It was the fourth fire in two years in
the place, and besides th» possibility of
the loas of three lives was the occasion of
many minor hurts to firemen and of danger
to houses not only in the neighborhood’
but some distanc®9 away menaced by
flying sparks. The loss could not be
estimated. The firemen were hampered by
low pressure and bursting hone.

Insurance adjusters who were on the
ground made various estimates of the total
loss of building and stock. The highest
estimate was $6,000,000; others placed the
total loss at between $4,000,000 and $5,000,-
000. The firemen place the loss at $1,500,000,

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Com-
pany is the owner of the building, which
was insured for $800,000, a member of the
company said last night. The heaviest
losers by the fire are the Kuy-Sherer Surgical
Instrument Company, with offices on the
second floor, and the A. & M. Kara-
ghensian Company, whose offices and
warerooms were on the fourth floor. Eadh
company has suffered a loss of approxi-
mately a million. The Karaghensian ¢om-
pany, dealers in Oriental rugs, have their
main offices in Constantinople. A large
business has. been done by the company
in this city in the furnishing of offices and
private residences.

The fire was discovered shortly after 6
o'clock by the night watchman, George
Noyes, who found a blaze on the fifth floor
in the offices of the Hooker-Jackéon Com-
pany, publishers of the Encyclopedia Brit-
tanica, The fire spread rapidly and shot
at ones to the roof. Capt. Gordon, with
Hook and Ladder 7, was the first to arrive
and immediately two more alarms were
sent in, bringing Deputy Chief Binns and
Deputy Police Commissioner °

Deputy Chief Binns decided a short
time that the fire was too big for him to
take any chances. He sent in a fourth and