eS

“VOL, LXX.—_NO. 335,

 

CARDINALS NOW IN CONCLAVE

pres’ VOTE FOR POPE WILL BE
TAKEN THIS MORNING,

 

March to the Mallof Meeting an Impressive

scene Some Aged Cardinals Almost
Attendants—Result En-
tirely tn Doubt—Bactilert and Sarto
Mentioned as Compromise Candidates.

Carried by

sper thle Despatches to THR SUN.

From THE SUN Correspondent at Rome.
Home, July 31. Lhe largest Conclave
ever assembled in the history of the Roman
Chureh is now immured in the Vatican,
charged with the duty of selecting a sue-
coor to Leo XTLE. to occupy the Pontifi-
The first vote will be taken
to-morrow. Nearly all the ancient forms
and ceremonies were followed in’ the in-
apauration of this fundamental funetion
of the widest spread religion of the modern

ca) throne,

work
There was only one striking difference |
this Conclave and the cireum-
warces attending the eoreation of ctbar|
Popes in the past two or three centuries,
ani that was the strange indifference of the

WHC eT

Roman populace Instead of the con- |
rourse of thousonds which gathered ont- |
pide the NV can to wateh the asse; bling |

o the Concave which elected Pope Leo in i
vis Only asmall group of priests,
hune, and Aimerican tourists.
Qooasionally a& priest or nun would kneel |

SA, there

porters

ass Cardinal Carriage approached and

the oeeupant would extend his hand in

hossiag a a response, |
\. ft tian journalist: hailed Cardinal di \

Petro as the cov ing Pope when he drove |
Toe ceruinal smiled anu blessed his

Nishior

} NAL PUBLIC CEREMONIES

fie Mis of the Holy Ghost was cele-
bated a) 10-0'cleck in the Pauline Chapel
\ jiial Vannutelli, all the other Cardi-
soatonding. The tenth congregation
lowed at its, rdina. Oreglia dis-

red

Caomertengo,

ilver inedals, issued by him as
as insignia of the tempoyal

power during Interregnuni,

the Cardinals then went to their homes |
for the Jas: ‘ime before the meeting of the
Conclave and reassembled in the Pauline
Chapel at 4:30 o'clock, preliminary to their
‘rtronce into the sealed quarters,
assernbied prelates, with the attendant

|

The |
ests, sang with voices many of which
thin and quavering, “Come, O Holy

|
MARCH TO THE HALL

formed at 6 o'clock

tue riembers of the sS:ecred Coilege |
evched slowly through the royal hall,
( vdinal Oreglia led the procession. Fach
Cvdinal was attended by a member of the

\ ble Guard, his chaplain anda servant

It was an impressive spectacte, but it had
i pitiful teatures, Nearly a dozen prol-

es were 80 old an! their siops so tottering
1) at it Was necessary in two or three cases
to almost carry them to tt Is.

The members of
stopped first at the Sistine Chapel for
vitwal prayers. Then a member of the
Noble Guard escorted each Carcinal to his
cell, bede him farewell and expressed the |
hope that he would next see him on the
Throne of Peter. Each Cardinal responded,
acoordiag tg Custom, that the guard
ented to ask him for two favors

It was not wntil nearly 7 o'clock, after
the final ereont omnes, the marshal having |
taken the oath to protect the Sacred Col-
lege in the performance of its greatest
duty, that the ceremony of closing up the
door and sealing up the Conclave was quite
literally carried out,

Genuing walls of masonry had been con-
& fol across ali the doors and passiges.
‘he quarters, however, were by no means
so primitive asin anctent times. Each « ar- |
‘nai has a comfortable, plainly furnished

\ precession was

 

ir ex
Sacred College

 

The

t
}
Was |

}

bedroom and sitting room. Forty-two
of the Cardinals elected to eat their meal
mooin ter private epartments, The

remaining twenty decided to dine at the
table All telephones wera taken
endall telegraph wires were cut.

sime

‘N IMPRESSIVE SCENB.
evident as one watched the pro-
Cession entering the Sistine Chapel that all
ners of the Sacred College were
y Unpressed by the solemnity of the
In nearly all those aged faces
e light of a mystic exaltation
that {ft seemed to transform |
that were emotionless at |
neral in St. Peter's a week ago were
to-day full of sincerity and responsibility.
All the voices tre.abled as they responded
10 the chanted prayers,

Ihe violet-robed prelates entered the

two by two, walking slowly each to

| dnopled seat, or throne, as it is tech-
newly designated. The chapel had been
tranoformed since it was last used. Upon
Nie alter a vast arras, representing the
ceseent of the Holy Ghost, had been placed.
Vclair in front will remain empty until
‘ue new Pontiff sits there to receive the
fost submission of his former colleagues.
li the centre of the chapel is a large table
heari two vases and one large covered
for the reception of ballots. Be-
‘oh Cardinal's throne is a small table,
Link, p per and sealing wax,

lo the left of the entrance is a stove with
& pipe leading out of a window. In this
Fove the nnsuccessful ballote will be burned
With damp etraw. The eseaping black
smoke will signify to the outside watchers
‘at no choice has heen mide. When the
decisive ballot is taken the papers wil |
he burned with dry straw, and the light |
sinoke will then indicate that a Pope has
heen elected, and that his election will
hoon he announced in the customary

Was

the y
en

Inent

eal

» renuine

Nem. Faces

 

CHALICE
fore

wel

Manne;

tHE OATH OF SECRECY.

When the Cardinals were seated Mer.
Merry de! Val, secretary of the Conclave,
mad the Apostolic oath, the Cardinals
repeating it after him, He then carried
the Gospels to each prelate in turn, that he
Night seal the oath with his lips, When
Cardinal Oreglia di Santo Stefano, Camere |
lengo and president of the Conclave, was |
*worn, he in turn administered the cath

Merry del Val, The attendants, |
hoth within and without the chapel, were
‘hen sworn to secrecy regarding the pro-
wvedings, A committee of the Cardinals
''@) inspected the lodgings and also the
“ork of sealing up the Conclave. The
‘rechiteet of the palace then delivered
four keys to the Conclave on a silver salver
') Cardinal Oreglia. Te retained two and
Fave two to the marshals, Then a gong

raneed and the Cardinale went to their
Cris

to Mg:

 

The marshals then called in. stentorian
nes," Allout" (exeantomnea), and tha doors |
were locked within and witheut, nt
Opened until the traditional enn uncement, !

to he

 

jent

+ port to Cardinal Seraflno Vannutelli

) aed

 

     

   

“Lhave to announcea great joy; we have
a Pope,” is made.

RESULT ENTIRELY IN DOUBY,
Never in recent generations has a Papal

Conclave assembled with such a complete |

absence of any indication of the probable
result. There are two rather ill-detined
opposing policies represented in the Sacred
College. They do not represent any sharp
division of opinion; in fact, the position
of nearly half the Cardinals is undeclared
and unknown, The questions involved
almost entirely relate to the expediency
of the recent administrative policy toward
the Governments of Italy, France and
other countries.

The issue, after all, is chiefly personal
and is clearly drawn in regard to no one
except Cardinal Rampolla. In his case {t
is probably sufficiently strong to destroy
his chances of election, although at the
outset he probably will have more in-
dividual followers than any candidate.
The reason for this is the entire confusion
within the college itself in regard to the
selection of candidates. This is con-
trary to the general conception of the
situation, but it is illustrated by the fact
that many of the Cardinals met each other
for the first time during the current week.

Hence the occupants of the Vatican
are in as much doubt to-night as to who
the next Pope will be as is the world at
larg. T. saeh cireumslanees it is moxt
reasonable to expect the selection ¢f an
Italian who is not identifled with any
faction; probabiy not a ttoman, but such
oman, in fact, as Cardinal Bacilicri, Bishop
of Verona, or Cardinal Sarto, Patriarch
of Venice.

The vielnitv of the Vatican is deserted
to-night save for the presence of 700
Talian troops, who will guard the premis: 4
day and night until the election of a Pope
ig announced.

FIRST BALLOT TO-DAY.

The first ballot will be taken at 10 o'clock
to-morrow moruing, and it will undoubledly
be futile. The result of this ballot proba-
biy will be known at about noon.

The Tribune says that Cardinal Gibbons
disapproves of the present political ten-
dencies of the Vatican, and is desirous of
having a purely religious Pontiff
recommended to some of his colleagues
the election of Cardinal Martinelli, whose
abilities were much appreciated while
he was dealing with the Amarican move-

ast!

saent. The Tribuna dves not expect the
election of Cardinal Martinelli, because
he is a monk, and is young.

LIFE OF LEO

Pope Leo, some titne before his death,
commissioned Count Soderini to write his
life for publicetion one year subsequent
to his death. The Count had free access
io the most secret archives of the Vatican
for the purpose of his work. Leo requested
that he wriis an impartial biography, and
hot @& panegyric, -Count Suderini has
nearly completed the work, which will com-
prise four volumes. ‘The last volume will

 

 

ener

NEW YORK,

contain some ve.y inportant documents, :

now for the first
ing letters from King Vietor E:amanuel,
and Mazzini to Pope Piva IX., giving a
novel view of the history of the Papacy’s
loss of temporal power,
Cardinai de Herrera y de ja Yelevia,
Archbishop of Compostela,
Spain, was taken ill almost as soon as he
sred the Vatican. lt is said that his
eondition is not serious, but Dr. Lapponi
fas ordered that he keep to his bed in his
cell, He will be allowed (o vote therefrom
if he is unable to go to the Sistine Chapel
Paris, July 31.
the Matin says that Cardinal Kopp, Bishop
of Breslau, and the Austrian
have tnade representations to fliree French

   

Santiago de

Carciuais

Cardinals to the effect that Cardinal HKam-

polla cannot count on more than thirty out
of the forty-two votes necessary for the
election of the next Pope, and therefore
it would be prudent to transfer their sup-
‘The
French Curdinaly returned an unfavorable
reply to this proposal.

A despatch from Rome to the Gauiula
contains an interview which the corre-
spondent had with Cardinal Seratino Van-
nutelli, who declared that it was a libel to
accuse him or his brother, Cardinal Vin-
eenzo Vannutelli, of hostility to France.
They bad, he said, expressed views hostile
to the Freneh Govert.ment, becruse it was
openly antagonistic to Catholicism, but he
believed these views were also held by a
great number of Frenchmen.

Lonpon, Aug. 1.—~The Rome corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail saya that some

time published, include |
stand

: , anid
A despatch from Rome to |

of the Cardinals are not at all pleased with |

the result of the balloting for cells,
dinal Gibbons, who loves fresh air, finds
himself shut up in a miserable little room
which during Leo's illness was regarded
as good enough to serve as a waiting room
for newspaper imen, Cardinal Serafino
Vannutelli dr#y the unlucky number 13.
Cardinal Rampolla’s number was 58, which,
it is stated, in some secret cipher repre-
sents the word Pope

The Standard’s Rome correspondent says
that Cardinal Rampolla is well aware of
the opposition to himself and has aban-
doned all hope of becoming Pontif. He
is concentrating his energies to secure
the election of one of his own friends, who
ix widely believed to be Cardinal Gotti.

It is, indeed, believed that they have
arrived at an understanding by which
Cardinal Rampolla will divert all his own
yotes to Cardinal Gotti, while the latter,
if elected, will make Cardinal
President of the Congregation of the Prop-
aganda Fide and a_ Rampollaite,

State.
Cardinals Oreglia, Agliardi and Serafino
Vannutelli are, according to the

the Rampolla party.

The correspondent adds that Cardinal
Gibbons is one of Cardina! Agliardi’s most
zealous partisans, and that if he is elected
Americanism and Christian democracy will
doubtless come to the front.

The correspondent excludes from the
possible Popes Cardinal Capecelatro,
Richelmy and Svampa, but includes Car-

| dinals di Pietro, Prisco, Sarto and Bacilieri.

 

HER FLATIRON EXPLODED,
Woman Terribly Barned While Using a
Self-Heating Iron Filled With Gasolene,

Coorrrstrown, N. Y., July 31.--In_ her
excitement over a blaze caused by anu ex-
plosion of gasolene, Miss Mary Magee of
Worcester, near here, dashed a gallon bottle
of the liquid on the floor, In an instant
she was a mass of flames. Her bodv was
terribly burned before assistance arrived.
She is ina precarious condition with chances
however, of recovery. At the time of the
accident she was in the laundry of the
house ironing, a self-heating iron being
The contents of the iron In some
way ignited and caused the explosion.

Rampolla ; the hip and knee and ranged downward,

corre-/|
spondent, the Jeading champions outside ;

Car- |

such |
| as Cardinal Ferrata, Papal Secretary of

anetencamectien 10s amentietemvemenconemton:

 

STAND BY SAM PARKS AGAIN.
MOUSESMITHS TURN DOWN THE
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
Then a Yelling oa CS: Parks and

MeCarthy 10 the Street on Their

Shoulders—Only the Four Dele
gates Will Confer With Employers.

 

Sam Parks and his entertainment com-
mittee again won a viotory at last night's
meeting of the Housesmiths and Bridge-
men’s Union in Maennerchor Hall, Fifty-
sixth street near Third aygnue. The
meeting voted almost unanimously to
reject the arbitration agreement, of the
employers’ association.

It also reaffirmed its action of last, week
in refusing to appoint a committee of seven-
ty-five to confer with the Iron League,
and again directed the four walking dele-
gates to call upon the Executive Committee
of the league to-day.

President Neidig of the union, who is an
anti-Parks man, was there, but his influ- |
ence was nil, Parks was carried out of the
hall on the shoulders of his friends, as was |
also ‘Tom McCarthy, the other indicted |
walking delegate.

Parks and his committee, followed by
the entire Parks contingent, were among !
ihe frst arrivals and quickly ruched up-
stairs to the meeting hall on the third floor. ;
For about half an hour the stairways were
black with men crowding in. The room
will seat 600, There wero nearer 1,200 men
par .ed into it, |

The board of governors of the employ- |
ers’ asaociation, which was as interested |
in the outcome of the meeting as the work- |
ers themselves, made sure that there waa |
ample police protection, and kept in touch !
with the proceedings. Captain Tighe of
the Hast Fifty-first street station was on
hand early with ten or twelve uniformed
men, Half ua dozen detectives in plain
clothes were also around.

Presid iit Neidig, who was expected to ,
start a mnovernent in favor of signing the |
agreement, \ is neutral, He mide a speach |
in whien he denied that he had any inten- j
tion of causing a split in the union.

“lam prepared to go the way the union
noes,” he said, “I am not here to lead
any split. I am president of the union,
and my place is with the union, no matter
what way it votes,”

The letter from the Iron League, urging |
all the members to attend the meeting |
and to use their influence to get a committce

'
|

 

of seventy-five members appointed — to
meet tLe representatives of the tok League,
was read and received with jeers.

Parks made several speeches in which
he urged the men not to sign the agree-
He
led
In one of his
talk about

with
‘Olbiz }

was received each time
the entertainment
speeches he said

one-man power in
asrainat one-

are fighting

ment.
shouts, by
mittee,

“Thev
labor, but we are fighting |
man power in capita! We
1M. Cornell, Shea Ney of the Tron Leegue,
who is its one-man powei Ve are not i
lighting the American Bridge Company or |
any corporation.”

Parks went on to sav that he would never
for the arbitration agreement
Neither would the union, he believed |

“We have our agreement with the em- |
ployer for two years beginning last May,” |
1@ went on, referring te the agreemont
with tie Nerional Assoctation of Structural |
fron Vonufacturers, |

“The [ron League is trving to backslide {
end get out of thet agreetuent, but it wont
do. If we sign this arbitration agreement |
it will nullify the other one.”

More epeeches were meade and then |
show of hands was taken on the rejection |
both of the proposition of the Iron League |
of the arbitvation agroement. It
looked as if every one voted for rejection
‘hen with cheers a resolution was carried |
&ppointing the four walking delegetes to |

Pon the tron League, instead cf a com- |
lites of seventy-five, and to inform the |
League of the decision of the union. |

Parks was (hen hoisted on the shoniders |
of two of his men and carried down the |
slairs to the atreer, his eutertainment eorn- |
faittee shouting “What's the matter with |
Sam Parks?” |

Shortly after, little Tim MeCarthy, look- +
ing very uncomfortable, was carried down |
the stairs in toe same way. He got lost in
the shuffle, but Parks was carricd up to |
hiltv-ninth street along Third avenue
Then he was carried back to the hall, this
time on the shoulders of one giant, followed
by a yelling crowd. Parks is so thin that
the big man who carijed” him trotted up
the stairs. The executive board of the
nnion efierward held a meeting to instruct
the four delegates us to what to say to the
Tron League.

 

om

 

"Yo can aay,” said one of the house-
smiths, “that President Neidhs cut no more
figure at the meeting than a fly, We lis-

tenea to him, but Sam’s the real thing

The board of governors of theemplovers?
association will meet to-day fo ect on the
unexpee ed turn of aff irsin the iron work-
ers again rejecting the overtures of the
lron League

TRAIN ROBBER RECAPTURED,

One-Armed Desperado Shot and Wl Lose
@ne of Ils Legs.
LEAVENWOrTH, Kan, July 31. Ben W
Starnes, alias Stratton, the one-armed
train robber, was brought back to his old
cell at the Federal penitentiary this morn-
ing, after an absence of nine daya. He
is under a life sentence. Starnes was
recaptured a few miles from Lexington
Junetion, early this morning
Deputy Warden Lemon and the guards
believed they were ahead of Starnes, and
watched the cross roads leading to south-
west) Missouri. At 1 o'clock this morn-
ing a man was seen coming down the
road toward them, They called a halt,
but the man dropped to his knees and they
heard the click of a gun. Anderson fired
and the bullet struck Starnes between

 

shattering the bone and coming out close
tothe ankle. The leg will be amputated.

Starnes was serving a life sentence for
holding up a passenger train single-handed,
He stunted the empty sleeve of his coat with
straw, fastened a revolver to the euff, and
with a pistol in his one hand overawed the
train crew,

MURDER CLUE I8) EXPLAINED.

 

Woman Tells About Bloody Clothes Found
After the Roxbury Assauit.

Mrs. B.C. Taylor, superintendent of the
North New York branch of the Women's |
Christian Temperance Union, went to the
Alexander avenue police station last night
and cleared up the mystery surrounding
the finding of a bundle of blood-stained
garments at the foot of Lincoln avenue on
Julv 9.

Tho clothes were found on the day
after the murder of Charles Roxbury, and
the detectives tried hard, for a few days,
to connect the clothes in some way with
that crime, ch
i Mrs. Taylor said that Mildred Milldrun,
who was employed at Bellevue Hospital,
toki her that the clothes were her's.

The woman was struck on the head while
ina saloon, Mis. Taylor said, and her cloth-
ing was covered with blood. She returned
to the hospital, where she had her wounds
dressed, according to Mrs, Taylor, and
got other wearing apparel. Then she
started for the home ot her sister carry-
ing the blood-stained garments in a bundle
and threw them away hecause she feared
they would cause suspicion

|
|
|

 

  
    

 

CROWD FALLS INTO RIVER.

 

Bridge Gives Way at Portland—Three
Bodies Recovered.

PortLanyp, Ore., July 31.—Over 100
persons were thrown into Willamette River
this afternoon by the breaking of the span
of a bridge, but nearly all were rescued
with small boats. How many were drowned
is not yet known, but three bodies have been
recovered, Scores of people were hurt
by falling timbers.

Thousands of people had congregated
on the bridge to watch Clarence Lutz, an
armless man, swim the river, which is
about three-eighths of a mile wide, The
people crowdel against the railing of the
passenger track of the bridge, which is an
old one, of wood.

Just after Lutz reacted the shore a small
portion of the walk gave way and precipi-
tated the people onto a boathouse moored
under the bridge. Many people slid off
the boathouse into the river, but nearly all
were picked up by small boats in the vicinity.

ihe dead are: Minnie Raymond, aged
18; Lottie Cameron, aged 16; an unidentified
boy, oyed 15. [tis feared that others were
lrowned, but because of the crowd it is
Lunpussible to get accurate returns, Many
strangers were in the city.

 

 

 

AISHINEFF RIOTERS IN) JAIL,
Twenty-seven Sentenced and Forty-five
Others Are Awaiting Trial.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar SUN

Beaux, July 31.-Mra. R. H. Savage,
who went to Kishineff to visit her daughter,
whose husband is the local marshal o
nobility, now writes to a Bres!au newspaper
that twenty-seven of the rioters have been
condemned to penal servitude for terms
varyiag from two months to a year,

Forty-five others are awaiting trial.
Mrs. Savage's daughter hid about forty
fugitives in the cellar of her residence,
but her servants begged that the refugees
turned out, lest the mob attack the
house

Mrs, Savage says that nobody in Kishi-
neff doubts that the massacre was directed
from St. Petersburg. Vhe Governor's
hands were tied and he could do nothing
Immediately after the massacre, of
which he was an unwilling spectator, Gov.
von Raaben hastened to St. Petersburg and
asked an audience of the Czar, Although
as Governor of Kishineff he had the right
of audience on important occasions, he did
not succeed in reaching his Majesty

Mrs. Savage confirms the reports that
the massacre couid have been easily pre-
vented, She says that one offieer and
three soldiers kept thirty or forty of the
rioters back

It is the general opinion in Kishineff

be

| that the Government hopes by encourag-

ing persecution of the Jews to divert at-
tention from nihilism and socialism.

The plam, however, will not succeed
When the people lave tasted blood and
plunder the Russian arisiocracy will be in
danger ©? thetr

 

THO SHOT IN WKEESPORT RIOT.

 

| Bystanders Who Were Watching Tt Be-

tween Strikers and Non-Union Men.

Mcheesporr, Pa., July 3t.-A
eured to-night between the tin
and non-union men on one o; the principal
business streets, and one man was fatally
shot while another was made a cripple for
Both were bystanders and hrad po
connection with the strike. The injured
Joseph Mund, employee of the tube
Works, shot jn the back; Jolin Cameron,
emplovee of the Wood Sheet Mills, shot in

mot oe

strikers

life

ares

| the knee

Two non-union men, Charles King and
Alfred Doilo., fired the slots and are locked
in the pollee stagjon. While the prisoners
were being taken to the jail the mob of 300
strikers theestened to take the prisoners
from the officers and for a time the sitna-
tion seen

The fight started while strikers were at-
tenting to get the non-union men to stop
on the street and debate the strike situation,
when, it issaid, King drew a gun and fired

The injured men Were on their way from
work and had stopped to see the non-union
men pass from the mills

Mevor ‘Felkenstein, who is absent from
the city, has been telegraphed by citizens
to return and restore order

 

serious

BOTH HAD FRACTURED SKULLS,

 

Two Men Who Were Supposed at Hirst to
He Drunk Die In Hospitals.

Coroner Brown has directed the police of
the Leonard street station to investigate
the cireumstances of the death of John
Monahan, who was removed to the Hudson
street hospital yesterday morning after
he had been Jocked up on a charge of in-
toxication. Monahan was a laborer and
lived at 109 Washington street, He was
found in the Chambers street ferry house
by Policeman Lewis, who thought he was
asleep. The man was locked up on a charge
of intoxieation and it soon became apparent
that he was very ill. He died shortly after
his removal tothe hospital, and it was found
later that his skull wes fractured

William Shepherd, who had been inthe al-
coholic ward of the Bradford stre:t hospital,
Brooklyn, for thirty days, was found after
death to have suffered from a fractured
skull, and Magistrate Furlong has deter-
mined to ascertain how it was that Surgeon
Jones of the hospital, Dr. Hall of the alcoholic
ward and Dr. John T. Fitzgerald, the super-
intendent, did not discover the fact until
there had been a post-mortem,

Shepherd was a boatman of Canarsie and
he was sent to the hospital after a row with
another boatman, Adolphus Chive, on June
29. Shepherd was unconscious thirteen
hours after the row. He had never been
able to make an ante-mortem statement.

 

 

| FRED ON THE AMERICAN FLAG,

 

Young Canadian Objected to It
Placed Above the Unton Jack.

BELLEVILLE, Ont., July 31.—When the
steamer Varuna went into Trenton floating
two flags, the Union Jack and Stars and
Stripes, on hey main flagstaff, which reaches
high above the wheelhouse, some young
men protested against the United States
flag having a higher position than the Union
Jack. Their protests not being heeded,
one of them secured a rifle and fired several
shots at the flagstaff on which the United
States flag flew, and then the emblem was
hauled down.

The Varuna had just come from the
Thousand Islands, in which locality both
flags are shown,

 

Spectal Horseman's Train to Saratoga.
Leaves Grand Central Station at 140 P. M. Sun-
dnv. \ug. 2, arrive Saratoga about 6:00 o'clock.— Ade,

 

 

 

 

ee

|
|
|

onan gerereneoenn eeeree boos

LITTAUER NOT EXONERATED,

AIS LAWYERS WILL APPEAR T0-
DAY T0 DEFEND HIM.
Gariington Reported Only the Testimony
He Took—Judge Advocate General's
Opinion, to Be Submitted To-day,
Sald to Be Unfavorable to Littauer,

 

 

WaSHINGTON, July 31.--An authorized
statement made at the War Department
to-day is that there is no warrant for the
statement that Representative Littauer
haa been exonerated from all complicity
with Edmund R. Lyon in regard to the
contracts made with Lyon by the Quarter-
master’s Department for the purchase
of gloves and gauntlets for the army.

Secretary Root has completed a prelimi-
nary examination of the report made by
Col. E. A. Garlington, and late this after-
noon it was referred to Judge Advocate
General Davis of the army for a legal opin-
ion on the questions involved. Secretary
Root said this afternoon shat Col. Garling-
ton had not drawn any conclusions of his
own, and that his action in this respect
was in complete accordance with his in-
structions and with his duties as Inspect or-
General of the army.

I is pointed out that Col. Garlington was
merely instructed to investigate and pre-
sent to the Secretary of War the facts as
disclosed by his investigation. This Col.
Garlington has done aad nothing more.

It is learned that there is no warrant
whatever for the assumption that Secre-
tary Roow bas made up his mind that
Kepresentative Littauer was not at fault
in his connection with Lyon. Oa the con-
trary, it is declared very positively that
there is no intention to find a legal and
technical loophole by which Littauer may
scape the consequence of wrongdoing,
provided there is satisfactory proof that
the law has been violated.

Representative Liittauer has already en-
gaged counsel to defend him before the
War Department, and to-day Secretary
Root receive] a communication from lid-
ward Lauterbach of New_York and Judge
Milburn of Buffalo, asking that before he
finally passes upon Representative Littauer'’s
cass he give them a hearing in Mr. Lit-
tauer’s behalf. Seeretary Root answered
that he would receive them without delay,
and fixed to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock
as the hour when he would hear them

It is believed here that Littauer was
made acquainted several days ago with the
fact that the testimony taken by Col. Gar-
lington was not as favorable to him as he
expected and that the report revealed some
disagreeable features of his transactions
with Lyon that needed further explaining
to the Secretary of War. Upon first learn-
ing of the natureof Col. Garlington’s report
on the facts he engaged Messrs. Lauter-
bach and Milburn to represent him in any
subsequent proceedings.

Secretary Root will receive to-morrow an
abstract of the opinion of Judge Advocate-
General Davis on the legal features of the

case. ‘The Secretary already knows that
this opinion will not be favorable to Rep-
resentative Littayer. Persons in the War

Department who have been watching the
investigation closely pointed tu-day
that unless Gen. Davis had already formed
ai opinionto the effect that the law had been
violated there would be no oecasion for the
visit of the attorneys representing Mr
Littauer. This, however, ix not the only
foundation for the belief held by War De-
partment officers that Col Garlington's
statement of the facts, when considered
in connection with the documents and testi-
mony, will show th #W Was violated

out

at the

 

  

DYNAMITE PLOT.
More Evidence Against the Mlners at
Kaho springs.

DENVER, Col, Jnlv 31.- Evidence that
the Idaho Springs Miaers’ Union was im-
plicated in the dynamite plot has been
found on the person of EH. BE. Gregory of
the Georgetown union, now under arrest
for threats to blow up the Sun and Moon
mnine’s power plant

Among papers was a letter from
Chindler, financial secretary of the Idaho
Sorings Union, offering union funds and
aid for the dynamitingof the plent. Other
evidence incrimineting the union officers
and many members has been obtained by
sweating Gregory and Bate, ex-president
of the body, vow in yall,

Leading citizens of Idaho Springs have
taken up the case, und are developing
damaging evidence against the Miners’
Union. As a conse uence, members are
heing ordered out of town, and all traing
and vehicles arriving ure closely watched
to see that evicted men do not return,
ond to prevent officers the Weatern
Federation of Miners from eniering the
camp

It has also developed that Philip Fire,
the dynamiter who was found dead after
Tuesaday night's experience, waa not shot
by a watchman, but was killed by some
missile which tore through his body from
neck to abdomen.

UNION IN

 

his

of

 

 

POTSON HORSES IN) REVENGE.

Two Cases on the East Side--Police Say
It's a Common Revenge.

In front of the office of H
a veterinary surgeon at 16) Eldridge street,
lies the body of a horse. Just around the
corner jn front of the stable of Grill & Bratt-
schneider, 48 Delancey street, is the body
of a second. Rumors are floating around
the East Side that they were poisoned
Moffat Smith, Hanson's assistant, is posi-
tive in his assertions and says that rat
poison and white arsenic were used, No
complaint has been received at the
Eldridge street atation, but Sergt. McAdams
said that the poisoning of horses was a sort
of vendetta common in the district.

“We have had hundreds of cases since
[ have been here,” he said. “There are
ten or fifteen a season, One man gets
mad at another and feeds his horse a pill
in the stall at night or drops it into his feed.
Sometimes he feeds the horse a poisoned
bit of apple or a banana. In all the oases
{hat have been here since I came we have
never secured but one conviction,”

D. Hanson,

SECY STOKES LEAVE VALE?

Inferred From Statement That He
Remain One Vear at New Haven,

New Haven, Conn., July 91.~The Rey
Anson Phelps Stokes, Jr., secretary of the
Yale Corporation and ageistant rector of
St. Paul's Church, has announced to his
congregation that he will not be @ candi-
date for rector of St. Paul's to succerd
Bishop-elect Edwin S. Lines, who goes 10
Newark, N. J... Mr. Stokes adds that he
will rémain for another vear as assietart
rector.

As President Smith of Trinity does not
leave the Hartford college until about that
time this notice of My. Stokes is taken to
meanthat atthe close of this year he ma
leave the New Haven church to take Presi-
dent Smith's place.

wi

SATURDAY, AUGUST 1, 19038..--Copyrignt, 1003, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aasocialion.

   

 

Sarurpay, Avavst 1, 1008.

Fair to-day; probably showers to-morrow,

 

TIRED OF BEING A SULTAN.

 

Ruler of Sula Likes the Life in Singapore
and May Stay There.
Special Cable Despatch to TARE SUN.

MANILA, July 31.—It is reported that the
Sultan of Sulu, who has been on a visit to
Singapore for several months, is 80 in-
fatuated with the new life there that he
is contemplating a permanent stay. ‘The
Sultan possessea a comfortable income
from the pearl fisheries, and disposed of
his minor interests in Jolo before he
departed.

MORE WARSHIPS FOR RUSSIA.

Admiralty Adopts a New Plan for Increase
In the Navy.
Special Cable Despatch to TUE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 1.--A despatch to the
Daily Mail from St. Petersburg says that
the completion of the Russian naval pro-
gramme of 1808, at a cost of $45,000,000,
has almost trebled the strength of the Rus-
sian fleet in the Pacific.

The Admiralty has now settled upon
a further naval programme, destined to
be completed in 1906. This includes the
construction of six battleships of 16,000
tons euch and three armored cruisers.

 

BAN ON CANAL TREATY NEWS.

 

Telegraphic Connection With Bogota Is

Cut on,
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Couon, July 31,--Telegraphic communi-
eation with Bogota is closed on the subject
o* the Panama Canal treaty. The latest
news received from the capital in regard
to the treaty was on July 14. The Isthmus
is quiet, but anxious,

 

WANTS MUTUALS TO DIVIDE,

And Insurance Commisstoner of Wisconsin
Announces That They Must,

Mapison, Wis., July $1.-—If a ruling an-
nounced by State Insurance Commissioner
Hest to-day is sustnined by the courts
thirty-six mutual life insurance companies
and associations operating in) Wisconsin
will have to. distribute their surplus of
$147,715,411.03 among the policyholders
or withdraw from the State. r

This ruling was made in the case of L.
A. Brunckhorst of Milwaukee against the
Equitable Life Assurance Society, with
headquarters in New York city. Branck-
horst is a policy holder inthe Equitable So-
ciety and appealed to the Commit-ioner to
compel it to distribute its millions of surplus
among its policyholders in comptiance
with a statute requiring sve1 distribution
at least once in five years.

‘The matter was argued al length before
the Commissioner several weeks ago. The
case will be fought through all the courts,

STOPS A BAR,

   

 

ROCKLEELLLR

Neruses to Renew Lease of Cleveland Hote!
Where One Was Run.

CLEVELAND, Ohio, July $1.--An order
from John D. Rockefeller Glosea the Wen-
dell Hotel to-night. Last fall it was sol
at public auction on foreclosure proceedings
and was bid in by J. C. W. Cowles, Mr.
Rockefeller’s agent.

The lease of the present proprietor ex-
pired to-night ana Mr. Rockefeller refused
to renew it, being defermized that the hotel
shall be closed on accountof the bar run
in connection with the house

He has made plans to erect or the site a
large office building of ten stories

COGGESH ALL'S $100,000 POLICIES,

 

Insurance Companies May Contest Pay-
ment to Helrs of the Senator's Son,
Unica, N. Y., July 81. Advices received

here to-day from = Baltimore indicate the

determination of insurance companies (o

resist payment of policies amounting

$100,000 on the life of Walter H. Coggeshall,
ex-State Senator Coggcshall’s son, who
committed suicide a few weeks ago.

The theory of the insurance companies
ix that Mr. Coggeshall committed snicide
because of financial difficnlries in) which
he became involved

to

BABY KILLED BY A ROOSTER.

The Litthe Two-leareOld Had Annoyed
With Sticks and Stones,

tamona, L. T., July 31-4 two-year-old
child of Lee Montgomery, an Osage farmer,
was killed by a Plymouth Rock rooster
yesterday. ‘The child was throwing sticks
and pebbles at the fowl, which suddenly
flew at its baby tormentor and drove its
spurs deep into the baby’s head, neck and
back. The parents rescued the child and
started immediately to Cleveland for medi-
eal assistance, but before they reached
town the baby was dead

 

BORELLI COMET'S THREE TAILS

Photographs ‘Taken at Yale

Observatory—-All Broken.

New Haven, July 31.—A third tail to the
Borelli comet has been discovered by the
astronomers at the Yale Observatory.
Photograplis were taken on July 24 and
July 27 and these show a third tail, but
ii is algo to be seen from these negatives
that all the tails are broken.

Shown by

 

PURROY FIRE CHIEF,

Finally Promoted to the Place tn Succes.
sion to Croker.

Fire Commissioner Sturgis yesterday
appointed Charlea D. Purroy chief of the
dopartment. Purroy had been acting chief
since the dismissal of Edward F. Croker.

le eptered the department on Jan. 22,
1o8, as a fireman and was promoted to

assistant foreman and foreman within two |

 

 

years. He was made a battalion chief |
on May J, 1884, and a deputy chief Jan
2, 1493. In his entire service not a charge
has been made againat him
SETH LE. TRACY ARRESTED.
Alleged to Have Enbezzied 820,000 of
School Funds In Texas.

Wasninaron, July 31.-Seth FE. Tracy,
who is alleged to have embezzled $20,000
of the funds of the Houston, Tex., School
Bourd, of which he was secretary, wae ar-
rested heve to-night

‘Tracy is a lawyer about 66 vears old
He was acandidate for Congress, opposing
Representative Ball, and for a number cr

 

years served aa Houston's prosecuting

attorney

Many DPeseriions From the Navy Vara.
Five jackies who had been convicted

of desoriion were seat from the navy yard

{in Brooklyn to Portsmouth, N. HL, yester-

day, to serve sentences of from six months
tocne year, It is said that,on an average,
there are twenty-tive desertiona a week
from the yard. Of the cighty-seven pris-
oners now in the brig, the majority are
deserters

' Sociali-t

' addressed

|
{
|
|
!

 

 

ant ee a
ee aD

PRICE TWO CENTS.

QUBENS TROLLEY LINES SOLD

BELMONTS AND PENNSYLVANIA
WANTED THEM,

Trust Co. Gains Control and Asks OMcers

to Resi Over 200 Miles of Tracks,

a Tunnel and Unused Railroad Fran-

chises Go to Unnamed Purchaser.

 

 

 

More than two hundred miles of electrio
railway, worth millions of dollars, extend-
ing throughout Queens and Nassau counties,
passed into the control yesterday of a trust
company in this city, said to be the United
States Mortgage and Trust Company of
Cedar street. ‘This is probably one of the
biggest street railroad deals ever mado
in Greater New York. Information of the
transaction leaked out last night and
“roused much interest in the territory af-
fected.

For somo time the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company and the interests represented in
the subway rapid transit have desired poa-
session of these railways. Eleven years
ago the Steinway interests, which then
owned the horse-car system in Long Island
City, began to build a tunnel under the
East River. The work came to a disas-
trous end when a dynamite explosion
killed several men and did $509,000 damage.
By means of this tunnel the troiley system
of Long Island could be made a part of the
subway system of Manhattan, and several
times it has been reported that the eleotric
system of Queens had passed into the con-
trol of the Belmonts.

It was learned last night that the boards
of directors and® proininent officials of the
Variouseiectric railrvadsin Queensand Nas-
sau counties had been asked to send in their
resignations to-day. Whether the trust
company represents the Belmont or the
Pennsylvania Railroad interests ould
not be learned, in fact, the officers who
were asked to resign knew only that the
roads had passed into the hands of the
trust company. One of the officers in
authority gave it as his opinion that the
Pennsylvania Railroad had outwitted the
Belmont interests and acquired the roads

Among the roads said to have passed
into the hands cf the trust company ia
the New York and Queens County Elec-
tric Railway, which was owned by a Phila-
delpbia syndicate and of which W. R.
Shelmerdine of Philadelphia was president.
Jacob KR. Beetem was recently relieved
of the vice-presidency of the road, and this
is said to have been one of the moves tow-
ard the sale.

This road operates branches extending
ell through Queens, to College Point, Flush-
ing and Jamaica, and all through Long
Isiand City. If also controls the New
York and North Shore road, which extends
through Jamaica and Far Rockaway and
connec: al Queens with the Nassau County
Nectrie Railway, anotuer branch which
connects villages in Nassau county, and
expects to send connecting lines into Suf-
folk county. The tracks of this railway
also skirt the new $2,000,000 racetrack
now building on the line between Nassau

pd Queens counties, to be known as Bei-
mont Park.

Already many of the trolley lines make
as good time as railroad trains and carry
thousands of passengers. In addition to
lines already ii operation, many unused
franchises go with the roads purchesed,
so the company acquiring the property
con practically gridiron the borough of
Queens.

LAUDS MEN WHO FIRED ON MOR.

No Place tn Dodiana, Says Goy, Durbin,
for Men Who Strike at Milltia.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., duly  3t.—Gov.
Durbin tovk oecasion at the camp of in-
struction of the Indiana National Guard
to-day publicly to commend the Evans-
ville company which fired upon the mob
during the recent rioting in that city,

The Governor was reviewing the guard
and Company EF was ordered to step five
paces to the front, ‘the Governor then
commended them for doing their duty at
a trying time and for having borne the taunts
and jeers of the mob

Referring to the opposition which the
militia has encountered, though not nam-
ing organized labor as the chief factor in it,
he said:

“Tt seems ineredible that there should be,
in all the chorus of commendation your
service has eliciied, a single discordant
Note, yet we are face to face with the fact
that living under the flag you follow, and
even within the boundaries of this State,
there are those who cherish in their hearts
a hatred for our institutions and our laws
which finds expression in enmity toward
those who have patriotically given them-
selves to the duty of defending the State.

“T am informed that a speaker standing
within the shadow of « court bouse in
Indiana made this statement only a few
daysago ‘I would rather wear the garh
of a convict than the uniform of a militia-
man.’ To the shame of our civilization be
it said that there were those of hia hearers
so deficient not only in patriotism but in
common deceney, that this sentiment was
applauded

“Members of the National Guard, it is my
belief that any one capable of such utier-
ances should get the sort of uniform he
likes better than the blue of the American
soldier, and that he should get it quick

“There are 33,800 square miles of territory

 

in Indiana, aceording to the geograp ies
but there is not a foot of soil in that State
so worthless that if may profitably be

 

devoted to the presenee of any mal

in striking at the National Guard, a)
beyond this expression of tie State an
thority at the laws, the inatituions said uve
very liberties of our people

1 SOCTALISS JOINS MILITIA

And Soclatist Town Come titee of Cltnton
Calls fov Mey Besignuation,
ChIntoN, Mass,, duly 3!) Charles B
Stevenson is no longer a member of the
Hid resigna-
Wes wrttten and for-
aid in «a letter
of the Ninth
he jokingly asks for

Yown Comrnitte

tion frocd tiyat body
warded tit
to Company Ah
Regiment, M. vo Ma,
the sympatay of that organization, as it
was his eniistment in tae Company which
caused his trouble with his Socialist friends,

When the members of the Socialist Club
ascertained that he had joined the militia,
an organization which they allege is entirely
opposed to their principles and aims, they
sent bim word to appear before the Town
Committee, of which for nearly a year he
‘had been a member, and explain his action,

1 COMM ItlLee,

| He did not appear, and, as a result,a letter
, Was sent him to-day by the Town Committee

in which the position of the Socialists on
the militia question was set forth, and clos-
ing with a request for his resignation,

Mr, Stevenson was not long in forwarding
it, electing to remain in the militia.

 

Delightful tripe through the Highlan t!
Hudson by Albany Day Line desma, i oy

en

 

 

k
| $
: i
i
th 7
\
a
Hy
il
4 i Ly
4
aed
a
1 iy
‘ |
4 7 q
Wey "
’
iM
&
Ki
hi
Mf
vs
i
it
q 4 4
ae
a
Ny
iM
\j
i a
y i
pe
ve
%
he
Yeah