2 44

en
ee | ee ee

Ges who want to bring about a union
that they believe will insure the defeat
of President Wilson. The Progressive |
chiefs doubt whether they can control)
the Hull Moose convention and prevent |
it from naming Roosevelt.
Mr. Perkins and other of the Roose-
Velt Heutenants have explained the elr-
cumstances in detail to leaders of the}
Republican party, who are convinced now |
that ther words not intended as a
bluff, but that there is real danger of.
the red hot Roosevelt Vrogressive dele-
gates running away with the Bull :
{

\

'

|

 

are

kathering

Some of the Progressive leaders after
to-day's conferences
publican friends that they
situation was developing away from
ratner than toward harmony. They ace
knowledged that their brand of harmony
seemed to consist wholly in the Repub-
Hean convention #® being willing to take
only Col Roosevelt as its nominee.

The Republican leaders refused to con-
sider for a minute the suggestion of
Roosevelt's nomination by the G

Informed thetr Re-
feared the

O. P.

    
 

They had cone over the roll of delegates e€Tar:
carefully and they told the Progressive Cau ante “Morava: 7
leaders that Mr. Roosevelt will not have re T
more than eighty-eiaht votes on the first GRalane— “Teepuascicad
ballot. They added that he cannot, even CommiTree.,

Q or seat
loosavar
@ePpunuca’
Committee

in @ stampede, eet more than 200 votes
in the Republican convention, whereas
493 are necessary for a tomination

Fortified Againat Stampede,

There is no doubt finally that the
delegations from many States were care-
fully selected with the knowledge that |
they could net be stampeded for the
Colonel, and the leaders are now reaping
the benefits of this early culling. The
Republican leaders are confident that
When Col, Roosevelt himself realizes the

 

AT THE OTHER END OF THE WIRE.

Two members of the Roosevelt Republican committee who are on
the ground in Chicago, but not far from the telephone that has its
eastern mouthpiece in Oyster Bay, L. I.

  
  
   

e.
cosny

foemer,
Gus
106

“he “are Fray
ew yore cif

 

AND

_

sine eet

 

SUN, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1916.

an ame <2 eee

—'COLD HANDS GRERT PRO-GERMANS SAY

COLORED BRETHREN} COLONEL'S BEATEN

Mad, Glad Old Days Gone,
They Yearn to Help
Pick Winner.

 

 

FAMED PREACHER IS ONE

 

Cuicaco, June 5.—That manifesta-
tion of virtue and self-denial on the
part of the Repubitcan organization
when {t cut down the number of negro
delegates from well over a hundred to
Just twenty-five has produced a must
interesting and amusing situation in
this national convention of the party.

One might funcy offhand that the
patriotic eervices of the colored dele-
gates would have been more in demand
at this convention than any ever held.
Here are a dozen or more candidates
all fishing for votes, all eager to aug-
ment their sinall strength, all seram-
bling to make just a Iittlo better show-
ing on the first ballot than the other
fellow, but not one of them is making

‘ ities ent . twenty- [effect that hi c , ; a a furs over the colo brethren
situation he will join in urging the in- local p lit : the ntire block of twents fect tha 8 big block of New York : ee red brethre
Gorsement of Justice Hughes or some * x délegates would go to Hughes on the | delegates would have. It's amazing, It's pathetle. Tt might

Seeene second ballot. The Roosevelt: forces brought their] ,
. Nes ver be ° rty A
rr een + developments to-day... Many of the delegates Instructed for| strongest guns to hear upon Senator | oe described as heartrending
sth en ‘ Cummins were giving evidence of reste | Penrose fn an effort to breale into the! Pause for a moment to consider the

Which indicated that influential Progres-
Siva leaders ore leaning toward an in-
dorse:ment of Mr. Hughes. The proposal
Was advanced to the Republicans by one

lesxness, The leaders of the lowa dele-
gwation do not believe that Senator Cum-

Pennsy.vania delegation,

With it as @

It ts understood that Pen-

Of the big Moose nen that the Republi. Nomination and they are impatient to | rove has been taken up on a high moun-
440 convention should postp: ne the nam- ‘ke @& hart in the trading now going | tain and ehown the “promised land of
ing of tis candidate for President until on. Most of these delegutes are gaid to | polities’ but that Le declined to enter

y ue , jean toward Roosevelt They fear that
vivwas pernted tat tet the aa deoeten | le selection of the Republican nominee |
@ay ofthe United States Supreme Court will! WHEL be determined tn advance
be next Monday, and that Justice Hughes Convention und that the band wagon wil]
might then feel free immediately to issue! Have gone by without giving Towa a
a statement in the event of his nomina-| Chance for a place on ft.
tion by the Republicans. At the same| The same ferling exists among other
time the Progressives themselves pro-{ States pledged to Cummins and to other |
posed to postpone taking action in regard | Of the favorite sons, and this condition
to a Presidential nominee. will play an important part {n the break |

The Republicans rejected this proposal | that will come after the frat ballot.
and insisted that they would carry
through their programme
this week in the hope of naming cand|-
Gates for President and Vice-President
By Saturday night. Thereupon the Pro-
gressive leaders decided to postpone their
ewn nomination at least until Friday,
and many believe it will not take place,
if the leaders cun prevent it, before Sat-
wrday or the first of next week.

Tt became more apparent to-day that
Roosevelt and Hughes ure the only can-
@idates that would stand a chance of
obtaining the indorsement of the Pro-
@reasiv« convention. The entire situa-
tian i) regard to the outlook for har-
mony revolves about the problem of ob-
taininy some expression of view from
Justice Hughes. Friends of the jurist
contend that he feels as strongly and
deeply as does Col, Roosevelt on the
@0-called issue of Americanism, but the
task confronting the Progressives is to
edtain some expression that will satisfy
them and permit them to act consistently
@ith their past declarations.

Thoxe who ure familiar with the atti-
ude of Justice Hughes are confident he
Will not break his silence and that the
only iikeliiood of successfully meeting

 

develop in the New York delegation

supporters are claiming forty-five. The
Root drops cut all of the New York |
State delegates, with the exception of a
few straggiera for

Roosevelt, will vote

Strenuous efforts were being made dy |
name in the field and to hold the New!
York delegates for him.

TICKET GAMBLERS —

 

 

Speculators Get $200 and More |

 

 

the situation lies in the plan to have | After Buying Them at jor no chart they wanted those tickets | about their prefere:
the Progressive convention hold off 850 Eacl Vand took them.

until the Republicans have nominated me 2ach, { The speculators got in this) way
him and he has reigned from the ‘emanate !When the subser.ption lists were opened
Bench. Yor the 2,219 tickets it was sions to
. * usar give every one who eubseribet §50 one
Claim 350 for Haghes. ALL RECORDS BROKEN ticket, Himiting the number to four ta
Many developments to-day attested peach subscriber. but subscriptions came
the strength of the Hughes movement. in faster than the familiar hot cakes

In response to a call from the Oregon
delegation—-which is the only one in-
etructed for Hughes--152 delegates at-
tended a meeting in favor of the jurist) — : .
and pledged themselves to do missionary when the Chicago committee first opened
work for him. Frank H. Hitchcock and the ticket subscription lat for the seats
other Hughes boomers were making con-/ in the Republican convention could have
fident predictions that the jurist will be
Rominated. They were saying privately
that they will have more than 350 votes
fer him on the first ballot.

Reg 2 ry, 5 }
He asserted that the favorite sons com- |" a May or two, The Chicago commit- |
Bined will not control a majority of the) tee itself has been buying tickets sub-.
votes and predicted that Justice Hughes |ribed for early in the scramble and |
will get more votes on the first ballot! that's where the first comers made money. |

Cuicago, June §.—Any one
arily inclined who got in on the ground
floor, so to speak, about a month ago

|made a young fortune in the last few
days.
The “sneculator” ery has rot yet been |

 

o-called State favorites] The tickets allotted to the Chicago!

0 of the so-calle ‘ committes, 2.210 of them, were diss|
p : ble evidence of nj tributed to subscribers to-day. Fred |

There was considerab ine |W. Upham, chairman of the committee, |

 

@iaposition on the part of many

structed delegations to break away from| hd his office force in the Consumers |

Building working three nights getting |

the pledges on 7 second and third bal- N . |
lots and the Ylughes men were confi-|them #o arranged that as much confu- |

ently asserting that the Justice will be| lon #8 possible could be avoided. His;
won sr at naa the third rollcall, |¢fforts in that direction were eminently |

successful.
Allies Boast of Strength.

of the lot had been handed out.
Representatives of the favorite sons But the preservation of order
were not worrying over Mr. Hitchcock's | Mr.
figures, however, and asserted that they
were absolutely confident the fleld would | n4cs
be able to control the situation against;of the Chicago police force were on
the Justice at least on the first ballot.| hand early, but their heavy work was
Many of the favorie son managers pro- | not needed.
fessed to believe that Mr, Hughes will) Mr. Upham had them there simply as
be stronger on the first ballot than on) 4 precautionary measure, and they
@ny other and that when an oppor- | '!nerely kept the line filing out of the
tunity 1s afforded for trading and deals | elevators through the corridor and on
between the State “sons” the Hughes | past @ sort of counter in an outer
Strength will disintegrate. ‘office. The deftest pickpocket In the
Both the “allies and Col. Roosevelt's | world did not stand a chance to get in
managers are working now to stave off| any fine work against the ticket dis-
the nomination of Hughes on the first; tributers. The rub came, however, when
two ballots. This is held to be practically | those who called for thelr tickets {n per-
thelr only hope of creating a situation | son asked to look at 4 seating chart to
that will permit them to jockey for first! locate themselves on Wednesday in the

'
|
|
honors. | big Coliseum |

about
required |
something more than ordinary diplo-
In the first place a few members

Uphain's headquarters

 

 

The Wyoming delegation came out In Mr. Upham had exercised remarkable
a block to-night for Hughes. They re- | foresight on that point. No, he didn't
served the privilege, however, to vote! have any charts to show, Whatever the
for Senator Borah first if his name !s | committee had earlier had been torn up,
presented. Strong Hughes sentiment de- ‘cremated and the ashes cast to the four
veloped in the Minnesota delegation, winds. That was the committee's ex-
which has twenty-six votes and is Ine | cuse for the fack of the oft requested
etructed for Cummins. It was polled on! accommodation. Tf. Mr, Upham started
the train last night and fifteen were dis-|showing people where they sat he would

closed for Hughes. The Hughes; undoubtedly be still showing them
strength developed to-day also in the when somebody is nominated for Presi-
Wiscons!n delegation and it was pre- dent.

Alcted that owing to the exigencies of! Of course there were large and

|
of the | ance of
{

| England
The Hughes supporters are counting | ceeded in
of balloting} on the strength which the Justice will | Hughes strength in Kansas and In some
| of the Southern States.
The Root people concede Hughes thirty- | lief,
#even votes from New York, but Hughes (enter the convention

\

the allies during the day to keep Root's | such an

REAP BIG HARVEST} +:

even !f

fer some other undesirable place

At noon about 50 per cent, | 60nS during the convention.

into any combination

Mr. Penrose ts avoiding any appear-
deals at present,

he can deliver only a few votes in the
Pennsylvania delegation as against Gov.
Brumbaugh

Hughes sentiment developed, too, tn
many of the Weeks delegations in New
On the other hand, the allies suc-
making inroads upon the

The weneral he-
the Justice will
with more votes

however, [5 that

than any other man, possibly with more
Hushes people are confident that tf Mr. | than 300

There {a only one likelihood of the
nomination of a member of the favorite

son group, and that will be in the event
for the Justice jof their

being able to reach an agree-
The oll time leaders have urged
of Root,
up to

ment.
favor
Knox,

agreement in

Burton, Fairbanks or but

The managers this time all efforts in that direction have
of the favorite sons feared the moral, been futile.

vociferous owls from certain disap-
pointed ones, but Mr. Upham'’s hands
were outstretched for the tickets of any
and his check
pen were ready to
the cash for any tickets not
wante!. The grumblers, though, decided
that they didn't want thelr money back
they couldn't see where they
were located or had an idea they would
be soine place up tn the Coliseum) rafters

subscribers
hook and fountain

dissatisfied

pecunt!- | and the cominittee then had to raise the

ante. They kept right on raising it and
the subscribers kept right on subsertbing,
All subscribing records were broken, in
fact, and then Mr. Upham had to begin
buying back the $50 ones from those who
would part with them

At first the comunittee paid $190 for
$50 subscribers who wanted to. relin-
quish their claim at a profit of 190 per
cent. Then they patd $200 and in many

cases went much higher than that when

the ante was sufficient to cover the
costs,
Mr. Upham aid not have an orphan

ticket In sight to-day

reporter called on him he had juat

handed out a small batch of the costly |

pasteboards to a Chicago newspaper
inan and he did not hesitate to say he
would give $10,000 to have the bunch

back again Of course he didn't get
them back, but his willingness illustrates
the point

The Coliseum has been so arranged

Interiorly that it will seat 12,400 per-
Chicago's
share was 2,219 seats and by to-night

nearly al! of them will have heen claimed
by subseribers

the delegates and alternates will be

handed out to-morrow night by the
various national committeemen. The
delegates get %91 for themselves, as
many more for their guests, and the
alternates get one apiece.

There are 650 seats for the press
representatives, 2,000 for the ten mem-
bers of the sub-committee on arrange-
ments of the Republican national coin- |

mittee, 4,367 for the fifty-three members
of the national committee and 200 for
the Presidential candidates,

The allotment, except for the delegates
and alternates, was In four classes from
the best to the poorest tn location, each
State getting a percentage of each class,
It is estimated that the demand for the
12,400 weats in the convention hall was
nearly 50,000

 

Two More Provinces Cut Off,
The Commercial Cable Company makes
the following announcement:

“Chinese administration announces

suspension of telegraph service with the |

provinces of Hunan and Szechuen in ad-
dition to the provinces of Yunnan,
Kweichow, Kwanesi, Cheklang, Quane
tung and Shenmsi, already announced,”

nit

 

Solving banking problems
for importers and exporters

It is the special business of this Company’s
Foreign Department to assist people who
have dealings with foreign countries in
solving their banking problems—that is,
in making arrangements for payments.

Bring your Foreign Exchange problems
to us and let us help you solve them.
A booklet ‘‘Strength — Organization —
Service’’ will be sent on request.

Call at 16 Wafl Street or Telephone 8900 Rector

BANKERS TRUST COMPANY
RESOURCES OVER $250,000,000

Wy

 

because his
leadership might be at stake tf he dis |
covered, as many persons contend, that/ quarters ysed to look and sound.

Chart!

When Tue Sun |

The tickets allotted to!

i plight of the colored brother, all dressed ;

lever they hoped to be able to pick UP! up and n
mins has anyechance for the Presidential | other support y 0 place to go.

The Congress
Hotel, Auditorium Hotel and the
Blackstone Hotel, not te mention half a

the

 

dozen other hosteiries in the Loop dis-
trict, are all cluttered up with candt-
dates’ headquartera that look the same,
sound the same as cand!dates’ head-

 

Room to Stand: Thet’s All.

White visitors get the same unctuous
\wreeting, the same old glad hand, The
negro visitor gets just as much stand-
ing room as hie feet are entitled to;
that’s all, Not one of the licensed or
unlicensed boom pilots has summoned
the colored brother to help eave the
nation, Bil! Balley ts out tn the cold
and nobody seems to want him to come
in.

The whole thing was exemplified this
morning in a worner of the lobby of the
Congress Seven colored delegates sat
with folded hands upon the bellhops'
bench. They stared with troubled eyes
at the milling throng of white delegates
and watted for a call that never came,
They couldn't understand i, somehow
It wasn't according to the way the game
had been played, ought to be played
Somebody had taken the joy out of life

 

One recalled the old days, the sud,
bad, mad, glad old days of the conve
tions when ebony Was popular when

the political managers tnade «a fuss over
the colored representatives of the party
in the South. Why, they had scarcely
arrived in town before they were hailed
exuberantly.

Managers for rival candidates button-
‘ed and pulley-hauled them, inquired
wid tastes, asked
do to amuse them-
little change
If so, take it,
yourself,

 

|
iy

 

  

what they wanted t
Did they need a
just for spending money”?

selves

rer Bailey, and enjoy

The Wheel Was Tarned.

But the wheel has turned for Bil!
Hatley Tt may be «a good thing for Bil!
and for the Republican party, but it is a
situation that mutes it less pleasant

for the once popular colored man. For
the past day or two they have been try-
ng to loeute themselves When they

first came to town they drifted to Frank
Hitchcock'a headquarters itn the Con-
gress Hotel and stood hopefully in the
anteroom. But Mr. Hitchcock
was too busy to see
Hitchcock's Heutenants hed «a word of
cheer to offer. They departed dolefully

Then the word got around among them
that John W. Weeks of Massachusetts
might be a good man to call on. They
Hocked to Weeks's headquarters, where
jthey were received amicably, but not
| pressed to stick around

Baume at the Fairbanks
Cummins'’s and at Burton's
Colonel's various sets of headquarters
had no for them Am! then the
gloom settled They realized that they
were just barely among those present,
j that s a}!
This afternoon one encountered the
colored delegates wandering from hotel
to hotel, listlessly, lopelessly. Groups
jand crowds of white delegates were buz-
' zing merrily, but they let the colored
brother drift past and turned not a
glance in his direction. As matters stand
he will be left to vote for whom he
pleases,

Some indication of his preferences was
easily obtained, All want to be with
\the winner, naturally, but most of them
in their hearts are for Col. Roosevelt
| They like Justice Hughes and would
| gladly support Root if they belleved
| Root could be nominated. The chances
are that the Colonel will get the ma-
jority of them for a ballot or two, ¢

somehow

rooms, at
The

 

 

 

Banker and Famed Preacher.

As has been exnid, only some of them
went scouting for the traditional favors.
Perhaps half of the nurnber, or a little
less than half, disdained that sort of
thing. They are a new kind of colored
delegate, of a type not famillar at na-
tional conventions

Some are business men with large
| interests, There ts Chureh of Nash-
i ville, Tenn, who {ts contesting for a
seat aS delegate at large.
dent of a bank and tnherited a
share of the $1,000,000 his father left.
Cc. T. Walker of Augusta, Ga, ts one
of the best known colored preachers
in the country. He used to be pastor of
the Mount Olivet Baptist Chureh tn
‘New York clty, which {s the largest
negro church in the United States, and
when he resigned he refused an offer
made by John D. Rockefeller to increase
his @alary $1,000 a year {f he would
stay at Mount Olivet.

If there is one thing the colored dele-
gates ure emphatic about It Is their dis-
like for Wilson. That might be ex-
pected from the Republican colored men,
but these delegates insist that the dis-
like for Wilson {ts e@trong all through
the negroes of the country and that the
President will get few colored votes.
Thay have it against him that he turned
many colored men out of Office and ap-
pointed none and that he sent a white
inan to Haytl as Minister, when it had
always been the custom to have the
country represented at the negro re-
public by a black man.

BORAH OUT OF THE RACE.

Wyoming and Idaho Delegates
Will Vote for Hughes.

Cuicaao, June 6.--Senator Boruh of
Idaho, who arrived from Washington
to-day, promptly withdrew his name
‘from consideration as «a candidate for
| President und requested the Idaho dele-
gates not to vote for him on the first
ballot.

The Wyoming delegation called on the
Senator to-day In ua body, offered to
vote for him, but he thanked them and
requested them to bestow their votes
on some other candidate,

Roth the Idaho and Wyoming delega-
tions will vote soli@ly for Justice Hughes
on the Grat

 

 

them and none of!

He js prest- |
third |

 

Propaganda Against Roosevelt
and Root No Longer Neces-
sary, It Is Announced.

 

NAGLE PUSHED FOR V.-P.

 

Cureaco, June 6.—Pro-German leaders
in Chicago who came here to fight the
nomination of Theodore Roosevelt as the
Republican Presidential candidate are
not as active as they were a few days
ago.

They are convinced that the ex-Pres!-
dent standa no chance in the Republican
convention, and accordingly they are
content. They are ikewlse satisfied that
there will be no references in the party

platform that could give offence to nat-
uralized Americans

According to a statement made here
to-day by Representative Stafford of Mil-
waukee, # Republican leader, Mlihu Root
is just awe objectionable to Gerinan Amer-
feans aa Vol, Roosevelt. But Mr. Stafford
and others who are in close touch with
German thought are convinced that Mr.

Root ts as far behind in the race as Col.
Roosevelt.

Mr, Stafford is of the opinion that pre
| Germans will be satisfied with any can-
| didate that may be named, excluding of
course Col. Roosevelt and Mr, Root. The
(Colonel is supposed to have evoked the

hostility of many German Americans be-
cause of his references to “hyphens and
“hy phenates” in tis speeches on “Amerti-

eanism.”’ Mr. Stafford expressed the
opinion that Mr. Root entertains the
same views on these toples as Col,

Roosevelt, and for that reason, according
to Mr. Stafford, could not have the sup-
port of German Americans

Propaganda Saapended.

Statements made by pro-Gierman lead-
ers indicate that as svon as they became
convinced that neither Col. Roosevelt nor
Mr. Root would be chosen they shut
down on the political propaganda that
Was set in motion sone months ago.

As late as Saturday last the pro-Ger-
mans, headed by Horace L. Brand ot
Chicago and Dr. Hexamer of Philadel-
phia, threatened Senator Penrose with
political extermination if he threw his
support to Col, Roosevelt At that time
Mr. Penrose wae showing # gna of turn.
fig to Roosevelt as a ineans of heading
off Justice Hughes

Renator Penrose received 11.000 tele-

rams from Germans in Pennsvivanta,
many of them fdentiiied with his or-
garization, protesting against the nom-
{nation of Col. Roosevelt. Rut the pro-
German propoganda, in so fur ne it af-
ecta the Republican convention, has been
suspended, because the German leaders,
| Vavinw counted noses and consulted with
satisfied that Col
and that while
exercise

lers, are Roose-
hus been “stopped
he a) the nominee or

veto power he stands no show what-

the
ver of landing first honors for himself
|
|
|
|

ool
velt

hame

Mughes Candidacy tndorsed.

It ts well known, of course, that the
pro-Germans look with kindly eye on the
Ilughes candidacy. They have been dis-
posed to take this position for the rea-
son that they have had the big obstacle
in the way of Roosevelt
mans make no concealment of the fact
that they would support any man who
has been proposed with the exception of
Roosevelt and Root.

“Roosevelt and Root are objectionable
said Represeifiative Staf-
“However, they have been elimi
They are no longer factors in the
respective can-

to Germans,”
ford
hated.
situation so far as thelr
didacies are concerned.’
There is a pro-German Vice-Presiden-
was exhibited to-

tial boom in town. It

day by Gtto FL Stiefel of St. Louis, a
wealthy brewer, who ts at the head of
ithe Missouri delegation Mr. Stiefel's

leundidate for second place on the ticket
is Charles Nagle of St. Louls, who was
Commerce in President

| Secretary of
| Taft's (Cabinet

Mr. Nagle is strong among the Ger-
fynans and has the confidence of con-
i servative Republicans generally. So far
as can be learned, Mr. Nagle ‘s not an
jactive candidate for the Vice-Presiden-
tlal nomination. However, ft is believed
| he would accept if nominated

BAY STATE SENDS
"A SPLIT DELEGATION

|Fate of Weeks in Hands of
Lodge and Crane—Me-
Call Men Angry.

|
{
|

 

 

5.—The first
crowd has heard
avenue this
Massachusetts

brass

 

June
convention

CHICAGO,
| band the
; boomed down Michigan
jafternoon, leading the
| delegation from the station to the Con-

gress Hotel.

But it couldn't drown out the fact
that the candidacy of John W. Weeks
in his hone State ts not as watertight
as some had supposed
the hands of W. Murray Crane and Sen-
ator Lodge—principally of ex-Senator
Crane, for Mr. Lodge igs busy putting
the final commas in the platform.

These two major figures went (to the
station with Mr. Weeks, e¢x-Governor
Foes and five Massachusetts Congress-
|} men to meet the delegation, But it was
notived that, whereas Mr, Weeks and the
others walked behind the Duta. Messrs
Crane and Lodge returned 9 the hotel
discreetly in an automobile

Mr. Weeks's miunugers say a poll of

majority of the delegation. Hoth fac-
tions agreed that if neither Weeks nor
McCall got anywhere the delegation
would finally go to Justice Hughes.

For several days delegates to the Pro-
gressive convention have been whisper-
ing with some of the Weeks directors
by Invitation of the latter. It is sup-
posed that the Weeks crowd is trying
to get the Progressives to adopt some
kind of an ant!-Hughes resolution so as
to turn the thoughts of the Republicans
away from the Justice, There is no
question about Hughes being the man
that the Weeks workers fear,

As to the 1umber of Weeks delegates
on the first ballot the most extravagant
claim is 195 and the conservative figures
range from 105 to 140,

 

Henneasy Won't Run for Governor,

Orange, N. J, June 5.—-In a@ letter to
Charles H. Ingersoll of South Orange

State Senator Charles O'Conor Hennes- |

sy announced he will not be w candidate
for the Democratic nomination for (rov-
ernor at’ the coming primaries, MW
health is the reason given, and the Sena-
tor will remain out of politics for «a
time. His withdrawal assures the nom-
ination of Naval Officer H. Otto Witt-
pean of Jersey City.

|Nominations Already Made at the Crowded Bars Along.

The pro-Ger- |

Its fate lies tn]

IPRICE O |
| ON ARRIVAL OF W. J. BRYAN

 

 

 

Candidates’ Row—Lobby Argufiers
Busy as Bees.

  

Solomon was wise
—like the motor-
ist who waits un-
til he sees the

 

|

how had got into touch with a few shells |

of the hard stuff. }
But he appeared at last—!n the lobby
of the Congress early to-night, seem-

Crtrcaao, June 6.—Bat Masterson and
Willlam Jennings Bryan and everybody
are here now, and this Is the Windy City,

and the price of gas masks have gone! ingly at the end of a perfect bun. Cine -@ :
up 30 per cent. and Teddy, Jr, has been | window of his soul had been partly | Socon sign be-
Joined by three young Fairbankses, one closed and had assumed a purplish mouse fore e has his

color, but he Was still all lit up lke!
the Statue of Liberty. An wsthete who;
had been longing, just for art’s sake, to

Weeks offepring and a batch of other
favorite sons’ sons who are busy every

tank filled.

minute brin er, and Bure Mc- | S¢¢ one of his species skid into view TANDARD

! . wing up father, a . ‘ol heartily congratulated him and then! § Om CotNY
itpsh has come out flatly for Col} acked why he had kept it under cover |

Roosevelt after a long conference with | so long.

“And where did you get it, old top?”
another asked admiringly.
“Where?” he repeated

himself, and therefore everything i all
over now except the final three rousing
cheers “Oh, just drink by drink.”

By the time the wistful ante-nosebag
cocktail hour had urrived this evening all
the hotel lobbles along Candidates Huw
in Michigan avenue had begun to take
on the appearance of a regular national

thoughtfully

Dark Gray Dawn Coming.

As the night progresses somethirve |
seems to say that the reacion after two
days and nights of the lid will cause a
lot of folks to wake up to-morrow wish. |

convention ing they never had been born, 0 Ct |
; the suloons had been opened only a few os oe |

‘ ’
At 4 o'clock fn the afternoon saloons | youre when prophecies had given way
and hotel bars were opened (except for!to certuinties and several Republican

an all too short hour at midnight this | candidates for President of these United

about all the different kinds «
tions there are,
bie fore decision

had hb

States had been nurmninuted across the at, however, to fall out the wo w
nt . at, : ‘ iow 4
morning) for the first time since last | matiogany, these onuminations being join the outdoors throne the
Suturday ; therefore in a short time great | jade unanimous when the nominator fra sy uproar below statrs 1

minds that had been a bit dullish grew
perfectly clear and settled mignty ques-
tions once and for all throughout a long

put the final question at the close of lits

epeech, “Barkeep, I leave it to you--am yopiy with thelr band tnt!

l right or am | wrong?’ the clubsters velling above the
Within the last hour the reporter per-) epuirhanke! Fatrhanke! Pate

Club of Indjanapolis marched

 

line of bars and cafes 6onally heard Justice Hughey nominated W want—Teddy '
Owing to almost two years of street | for the Presidency and Senator Batre pegay i’ ¢We-want—Tedd
¢ ‘ » Phan, rent ) ¥ ha ‘
corner war arguments the lobbies toward banks for Vice-President across th tantly all over the packed bt the
dusk were paved with perfectly tratned Auditorium bar by aw gentleman wheljpgin ¢

7 f fewer Roosevellians || ne
debaters, each pair of argufiers hedged | Seemed to know what he was talking! sanromising to the extent
in by thetr particular audience after the | #tout. | loose individual sereeches to the

 

 

fashion of the street corner debates A gentleman tn an adjoining group) iat what this nation needs
which have been wished upon us as who had it all framed up to nominate composed of “Roouavelt and falrb
one of the curses of the great war the Colonel, with Gen. Wood as a run {Roosevelt and Fatrbanks"
ning mate, interrupted the Hughes norni- | ifere was the fitet ble no! . .
We Want Teddy! ide ue ut unten and Bairhanks tout of these preconvention daye Pre oh
What the Colonel hus called the} be knifed by the barbers’ union and the back aguinst a wall of the Congr
‘lunatic fringe” of his party roared “We | wafety razor vote from coust to coast.) lobby witle the drume banged a:
want Teddy! We want Teddy!" from| but the Hughes-Pairbanks nominator veers crackled was a. nifty
the lobby Hraas bunds ripped out bar-| did net dignify the interruption by | Wearing a on orning coat, razor
ber shop chords. And always there were | noticing it—the convention was over #o| [housers and freshly varntehed m1
so many metal badges clanking simul-| far as he was concerned. j hat, said youngster being ex os ”
taneously from the lapels and waistcoats} = Which brings to mind the fact that! Chauncey M. Depew
of the defenders of these United States | hours eartier none other than Senator My, tiny, my,” gueped Our Cha
that the belihops have been driven to] Boies Penrose of Pennsytvania, while happily, his eyes sparkling and } f
equipping themselves with half portion | passing the Fairbanks headquarters wreathed fn. smiles as, the conve: .
megaphones so thut they can page! the Congress, had some such thought in) first lung racking hullabaloo
“Mistah Bluhbleah'’ and the names of | inind as the volunteer Roosevelt-Wood | around him, “Po love it! 1 tes

the other great etutesmen who are being [nominator had to-night when speak ne |
hollered for constantly above the racket. | Of the barber vote

SECOND PLACE OVERLOOKED

 

 

   

     

 

 

Chicago's tiotte was SE will’ right | “Yes.” culd Boies Penrose, apropos of!
up to to-day, but now ft ts “LD amt’ | othing, ae he flanced up at a big N10" Borah, Fairbanks and Hadles ene
Unt!l thia afternoon mera inan while graph of Indiana's favorite son,
walking through the peacock alleys of looks as if {t were going to be a whisker Yoned for Vice-Preeidencs.
the Cynsresa, the Blackstone and other | Y°Sh ae ibe Cmrcaco, June $.—The overshadowoe
candidate warrens along thes avenue,| ,“ TUTTE ae two steps further) optem of the nominutior res
doffed thetr hats while passing between | 7 coe erect sae eeae ere a be : OP dent Nas prevented eandidaters ¢
the two lanes of seated femjninity, Also ae Saline RET RIAGE ee aa ae ret ene President from gett!ng a pluce in toe
everybody watted for the elevator# tO! than the honorable George Ade, seated | SU!
earry them up to or down from lower| on a smatl table with tis feet hangina The notion grows that Senator W
floors over, while a few feet from him Theo. | Bora of Tdaho would make a strong

Not to-night. “Let's walk up,” they] dore Roosevelt, Jr. was making a fuss [Ulling mate for Charles 10 Hug n
were beginning to say by early afters) over two nattily @ressed negroes So | Case Hughes ts nominated. Ma
noon To-night they do not think tt] compact a body of greatness stacked up | #étes have been heard to iv ot}
hecessury to talk about the matter; one! in one small room could not be passed Charlies Wo Fatrbanks of Indiana would
glance at the women and the equally | up, whereupon Senator Penrose was left) Of of Moet aeceptatve — candiuiate
stout gentlemen waiting patiently for a} to smile down the hall and busy him- | Vices oem cent with Hughes
chance to wedge into an elevator and | self as best he could. Othe! at ure mentioned in this «
the patriots begin to climb ap the marble “The greatest end Harvard ever had! Herbert S. Ha |
or the golden stairs Theodore, Jr, was telling Statesman | SOU nd Senator Lawrer S

As for @ peacock alley lined with | George Ade. who appedred to be fnter Minois The only aetive cand
ladies, there ain't no euch animal to-} ested. Teddy, Jr. fn the meantty f Mace who ja in sight
night—it has heen changed to a troubled | Wcating that he meant the stocklor of Sena Eimer J. Burkett of Nebraska
secoof mightly statesmen, the two negroes was “the greatest end who arrive to-morrow with twa

. Harvard ever had." oachfuls ef boosters
Even making allowances for youthful! | : =
Neal Crowds Turn Oat. and Rooseveltian enthusiasm the Ton | WOMAN SERGEANT AT ARMS

And the day was not many hours old | Clarence Matthews, Harvard naughty | . — ‘
before all oOutdvurs in the general neigh- | six, and now a lawyer in Boston, was
borhood of the lake front hustle and | some Harvard end at the beginning of MeORe CARTERTOR. te “Hare the
bustle had for the first tlne begun toj/ the Harvard naughties. And Lawyer! First at Any National Meeting

take on the appearance of the real thing | Matthews told the reporter himself that

Citteaco, June The first wornar

 

 

 

too, By gunny midafternoon Michigan, his negro companion was “the greatest | be appointed an assistant sergeant at arn

avenue In the region of the big hotela | colored physician in the South, Dr. H.! at a national politi al convention. " re

; Was the Atlantic City Boardwalk boosted |G. Muson of Birmingham, Ala” Sarah EE. Lyons, who hus bee :

| to the nth degree and then some Here was indoor concentrated great-! nated by Frank P. Corrick, sere a
The one thing lacking indoors and out, | ness, but all one had to do wae to fall arms of the Moose gathert! R, to

at leuet from the wethetic viewpoint of | out of the window of that particular! maintain order among the thirts

onlookers @anting for artistic complete.
ness and real Belusco atmosphere, was

room and land on the Michigan avenue) women delegates and alternates
sidewalk not a yard from the spot where

 

    

 

    

 

onvention
the total absence of the humart souss | Gov, Whitrnan, accornpanied by Col, Big : Mrs. Lyons, althot i
“Can this be a national convention Hill Hayward, Public Service Commis- | woman of about fit! t
jjam’? one could not help but ask while) sioner, Was + &B with Mrs. O. H. PB.) expected no trouble i
l gazing upon the distressingly sober Belmont. « a few yards from ex- tion
| throngs True, the cafes and saloons! tiev. Foss \iassachusetts— Democratic “Tr ‘ Mrs. Lyons s1 °
j}had been closed from Saturday night) candidate for the Presidency at tlti- | spoke I wish they were »
J until 4 o'clock thls afternoon (except more four years ago and now an on- ‘ en uns job would
j for an al! too short hour from midnight | looker at a Repubilean and a Progres- She declared that {f any
until 1 o'clock this morning); but {t sive convention, but heard of mostly as date than Theodore Roosevelt
did seem impossible to belleve that on @ potential nominee for the Presiden Progress! ve ans

posed in the

the eve of a national convention there at a Prohibition  convention—-which | w

forced to wilh
movement

uld be iraw

Mressive

Wash t so.e one Who some place, somes | mukes (iov, Foss a mighty figure in, progress

 

MMMM)

Bridge
Safety

   

~S
NY

The Steel Car Route
|

SN

      

| The safety of bridges receives special
| consideration on the Pennsylvania
Railroad. ‘

 

 

To guard against bridge failures it has 48
Bridge Inspectors who thoroughly in-
spect all bridges every month. Bridges

S

Be ree cee Ae ant sain fee) Wy are also carefully inspected semi- + YU
| mee quater cf un Giccae ook Y annually by Division Engineers and Yj
| ase Tete Ye oo oe Master Carpenters. Y
| the delegation caucuces at 8:30 eek | Y e vy
oa te | In the past five years the Company has Y
that Weeks could not hold his etreneth| [i Y spent more than $13,000,000 for bridge Y
the Teeond Briioe Moat Saud ans Y repairs and renewals. During 1916 at

least $6,000,000 more will be spent for
the same purposes. All renewals are of
stone, steel or concrete and of the most 4
substantial and permanent character.

AAAS

The Pennsylvania Railroad is doing every-
thing it can to safeguard its passengers
and to maintain its safety record,

PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD

\ MQ MQ QQ
\ IY WO .

The Standard Railroad of the World

|

 

 

  
 
       
     
       
   

2-

Bm ere - 2 WD

4
'
|
‘
Y