ve USNR Crna Cee ne

GERMANS MOWED
DOWN AT FT. VAUX

Countless Men Sacrificed in
Repeated Attacks Made
With Liquid Fire,

C\NADIANS STEM
FIERCE ONSLAUGHT

 

Cable Despatch to Tae Sus

June 5.—Fort Vaux Was again
+. obfective of furious German attacke
+) Sunday in which countless men were
ev citiced in close order charges without
ap) ain for the attackers,

was made by the Germans of
fanne liquids against the defenders of
the fort, but the French machine guns
were far more deadly. Several attacks
filed beaawuse every man in the attacking
masses Was killed by the French fire.
German attacks on Fort Vaux
f ide from the village of Damloup

1 “

 

a a4 base. From this point the compact
rasses of German infantry charge up
te hill toward Fort Vaux, They are

« ompelled to cross a ravine before gain-
x the upper slopes of the hill near
t fort It is here that the French
+ their rapid fire guns. As line after
crosses the dead line of the ravine

the suns cut them down to a man and
men in the rear struggle over the
‘ves of their companions until they
are killed or seramble back to

er

Vighe With Liqald Fire,

The Germans also attacked Fort Vaux
wi) great violence fr. i the northwest,
slopes of tne Fumin wood, but
bere too they were checked completely.
\ sudden attack by the Germans in

Vosges West of Carepach resulted in

‘pture of three trenches, but the
reno. in an immediate counter attack
ove the Germans back,

‘Toe afternoon communiqué said:
‘no the left bank of the Meuse there
been an intermittent bombard-

a ee

Ewen

ha
Ment
Nast of the river the artillery fight-
2 4s continued with extreme vio-
no the region of Thiaumont and
lousument The Germans continued
: lay evening and las¢ night their

lence

'

tacks Upon our positions at Vaux
od) Damiloup Northwest of Fort
Vaux, on the slopes of the Dumin

repeated German advances
wore completely checked by our fire

‘he assaults between the fort and
lage of DLamioup also were

! was ferocious fighting be-
tween the garrison of Vaux fort and a
drrochment of the Germans who were
it 'O penetrate this position.
in spite of the fact that the enemy
node use of flaming liquids) our troops
prevented their adversaries from mak-
progress,

 

tempting

he Voswes an attack by the
eoems at @ point to the west of Car-
spall resulted in the occupation of

» trenches. Shortly after we de-
ered a@ counter attack and drove the
from all the positions they
oceupied

oer nains

ad

Had Weather Checks Fighting.

Cc

I Hecht communiqué states that
fing to the bad weather no infantry
6 ten took place to-day, but in the |
ft gion around the village of Vaux and
Fort Vaux a fairly active bombardment
Pos kept up. At Avocourt too there
vis an intermittent artillery bombard-
Mont

The following communiqué was issued
t ght by the War Office:

North oof Verdun bad weather

ed operations No infantry ac-
is reported during the day A

bardment continued quite actively
rng the day in the region of Vaux,
oup and Fort Vaux, but the situ-
i remains unchanged.
‘ the left bank of the Meuse an
mittent artillery duel took place
Avocourt sector
was calm throughout the day
remainder of the front

FUMIN RIDGE STILL HELD

There

Germans Say Manased French At-

thehs Were Beaten Down,

B N a
x ‘iff

London, June f.-——The
ice announced to-day that the
of the British to recapture pos!-
sutheast of Ypres which were re-
by the Germans was
the German artillery.
as the result of French
* in mass formation on
southwest of the village
reported These attacks,
retake positions captured by
ns within the last few days,
trey unsuccessful,

ign Statement said

taken
town Dy

~a aoe

Hi \ losses

  

re

ag7e2 3

sh vesterday evening again

ed the positions captured by us

of Ypres, The attack broke

jer our artillery fire

ve attack, which was under-
e French after gas prep-

* VPrunay, in the Cham-
resulted in failure
Verdun front weet of the

 

|
|
|

'|GERMAN

 

 

By United Press

Bertin (via wireless to Sayville,
L. 1), May 27 (delayed),—Civillans in

Germany must eat no meat for the next
eight weeks, Adolph von Batocki, Ger-
many's new food “dictator,” now hold-
ing one of the most important posts tn
the empire, said in a frank discussion
of the food situation as he found it on
assuming office last week.

This regulation, Herr Batocki said,
should cause no alarm in Germany and
no elation in the camps of Germany's

enemies, for “if the incoming harvest
is at least medium the starvation of
Germany through the British blockade
{s out of the question.”

The ‘siege’ of Germany, Herr von
Batocki said, has just begun. The com-
ing eight weeks may cause some discom-
fort to those Germans who are fond
of meat. Furthermore, the meat short-

age is apt to continue for at least three |

months,

“The cattle are lean because of
the poor harvest in 1915," he = said.
“They cannot be slaughtered now. We
must wait until they are fattened on
pasturage. But meanwhile we have
enough meat for our military hospitals
and places where it is urgently needed

“At all events there ts enough food
in Germany, but it !8 necessary that
civillans eat no meat for the next eight
weeks, Starvation is out of the ques-
tion, But we must consider not only

Meuse our artillery fired on the
enemy’s batteries and trenches with
good success. French infantry at-

tempted an advance on our trenches
west of the Haucourt-Esnes road and
was repulsed.

East of the river fighting continued
with undiminished violence between
Caillette Wood and Damloup. The
enemy's infantry in magés formation
attempted to regain positions captured
by us during the last few days. The
greatest efforts were made by the
enemy on Fumin Ridge, southwest of
the village of Vaux, and in the dis-
trict southeastward. All French
counter attacks were without success
and were repulsed with the heaviest
losses.

German reconno!tring
entered positions of the enemy
the Yser, north of Arras, eust of
Albert and near Altkirch. They cap-
tured, unwounded, thirty French,
twenty Belgian and thirty-five British
soldiers, as Well as one mine thrower

YPRES ATTACK RAGING.
et ‘Ammenttion ise
Hitherto,

special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus
b.—Correspondents at

France re-
hard

detachments
along

Expenditure of
ceeds Any

June
headquarters in
port that on Sunday desperately
fighting continued in the Ypres area,
The Canadian troops were unable to
hold the trenches which they recaptured
owing to the terrifle artillery fire, but
notwithstanding their losses, which were
great, they are still fighting with the
utmost gallantry and eagerness to re-
cover the ground

The correspondents hesitate to deseri!
the present fighting as the beginning of
a great battle, but think that it
parable with its predecessors in the same
area. One says that as far as the Bri
ish front is concerned the enemy never
poured so many shells for so prolonged
a period at a given area

“The Germans,” he gays, ‘!
tiplied the batteries, multiplied the
munition, multiplied their own concep
tions intensely and also increased the
speed of their gun fire By a compart-
son of the attucks at Vimy, Ypres and
Verdun it may be shown that the enemy
bas invented a precise formula of trench
attack with a hard, fast, definite objece
tive He bas substituted machines for
men and atones ae far as possible
the waning number and initiative of his

LONDON,
the British

3s com-

 

mul-
tine

ive

 

infantry. His formula for success de-
pends upon the factory worker even
more than the soldier

“Thanks to this exorbitant expendl-
ture of ammunition the enemy Is in?
possession of rather more than a mile

of trench, the greatest depth being not
more than 359 yards.”

Another correspondent, in referring to
Williams and Mercer, says they
were by chance making a tour of the
trenches when first bombardment
began and stayed to see it) through,
When the fire assumed
severity retirement became
and they seem to have been in the front
line trench when the enemy seized it

TRENCHES REOCCUPIED.

Gens,
the

its

British Recoup Part of Thetr

Losses in Flanders.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuy sv
Lonpon, June 4 The following offf-
cial statement was issued by the British
press bureau to-day
There is no material change in the

situation at Zillebeke The night
passed quietiy, but to-day there has

 
  
   

  
   
   
 
 

     
     
     

LOCOMOBILE
1917

   
   

    
 
  

THE new models are now on

exhibition. To view them, and know

  
  

   

  

  
   
  

   
 

  
  

and distinction.

what is back of them, is to under-
stand why the possession of a Loco-

mobile carries with it exclusiveness

     

  
  

 
  
  

  
   

Sixty-first Street, next to Broadway

Y FORBIDS THE USE
OF MEAT FOR EIGHT WEEKS
BY MACHINE GUNS New Food Dictator Begins Hoarding Supplies for Third

Winter of War—Harvest Poor and Cattle
Lean—Says Starvation Is Impossible.

for!

maximum |
Impossible, |

received here contains the names of
101 officers, including a Major-General,
a Brigadier-General, four Lieutenant-
Colonels, eight Majors, twenty-one Cap-
tains and sixty-six Lieutenants. The
casualties among the men have not
yet been reported, but judging by the

officers’ list they must have been enor-
mous

Maj-Gen. Mercer, who commanded
the division, is recorded as missing

on the official list, though in last night's
despatches he is reported severely
wounded
Brig.-Gen, Victor Williams, command-
ing the brigade engaged, is miss-
| and is probably a prisoner.

the “se situati t the situa.
e present food situation, bu 1 Three battalion. commanders,

; Lieut.-
tion the coming winter, In the winter

E.

 

 

ic ; “T jeut.-Col, A.
we ne -_ rat & » fats than | § ol HL ¢ Buller, LL ‘ og
in the surarner, In ‘eer to ‘ineute a | Shaw of Brandon and Lieut.-Col. vealed
; 7 , , : ere
supply for the winter we must eat meat Hu sation a eat tel by F. RR.
eparingly during the summer.  Prob- Hanes eT wants ia ignite...
ably meat cards will be issued through- "Lieut,-Col Buller was former aide
Wieations week pe ee eee ee de camp to the Duke of ge
fee thas » eye in
| "The cause of the present shortage Sontine Tuan erotedl Hill 60.
is the bad harvest last year If the i ‘at he s second cousin
harvest this year is even medium ae urn wae
' beg x + .
| ge e meidéie a" 1 a ty ‘hie of Included in the eight Majors wounded
i. 1e middle of July or the St Of). Major Hamilton Gault of the Princess
; ar von Batocki's work is to take Pats, wounded for the third time.
{the stranglehold out of the British ee

blockade

He must prevent the starva- ore ’ S
tion of Germany by her enemies. He MA} Ss TOLL 63 AERO: .
{must provide equitable distribution of See

Loss to Allies Forty-seven and to
Germans Sixteen,

the nation's food supplies. He has done
much already and by keeping the public
well informed regarding the food situa-| The loss
tion and obtaining public cooperation he
is expected to do much more | ot forty-seven aeroplanes by Allies
To understand his task an American | during the month of May is reported in
must imagine the United States block an official German statement issued to-
aded, no corn to fatten the cattle aml) qay
each person provided with half a pound) Aecording to the announcement, all
of meat, a fifth of a pound of butter, | but eleven of these were brought down
; War bread and plenty of vegetables ear h} by airmen in aerial battles

Beruin, via London, June }
the

 

German

week, He must imagine too that the | The German loss during the month was
| United States is at war, with all her] gixteen

able bodied men fighting, and 2,000,000 The statement is as follows:

| prisoners, the population of Poland, be- Nerial combats in May resulted very
}sides 65,000,000 Americans to feed successfully for us The enemy in
I 'Then he must imagine the job confront. aerial combats lost thirty-six aero.

ing a national food department with planes In adslition nine were shot

authority to regulate what one buys down from earth, and two landed in-

land eats voluntarily within our dines, making

wn —..| the total enemy losses forty-seven

aeroplanes. We lost eleven in aerial

been a good deal of shelling om both combats and five which did not ree

sides turn to the German lines, a total of

The enemy made a amall attack last sixteen

night in this locality, but was easily
repulsed, On other parts of the line

several minor enterprises were carried

| U BOATS DAUNT SPY LINCOLN.

  

 

 

THE SUN, TUESDAY,” JUNE 6, 1916.

|TO SUE

|
|
|

| Magasine's Manager Saye Contract

pa i

\ out on both sides. The enemy made a
| ents near la Hojsselle following a Reaches London and Will Be Are
wavy bombardment A few casualties
were caused among our troops SSA raigned There To-day.
the enemy retired, leaving his dead | special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus
on the ground. A second hostile raid Lonpon, June -Ignatius Trebiteh
attempted after a omine explosion | Lineoln, self-advertised Gern@an “spy,”
northeast of Arras was unsuccessful Nhe
The enemy was driven back and we | who was extradited from the United |
occupiel trenches at five different | States on a charge of forgery, was
places between Cuinchy and Fauquis- | taken into Bow Street police court: on
sart Two of our parties were par that harge to-day He will be ar-
ticularly successful in causing loss to ' raigene lin that court to-morrow
hostile garrisons, killing forts Five Passenger who came over on. the
mines were sprung by us and one by boat with Lincoln say he had a cabin |
j the enemy during the past twenty. the boat deck with the windows |
four hours I barred He was never left alone At
§ , ; - night he took exercise on the deserted
CANADIAN LOSSES BIG, | deck His custodians granted phim as
| ich privacy as 4f sills hut passen-
l two Generals Among VPhose Wine. Bes & caught giimpses of him say
h bearing was arrogant until he en.
tng After Ypres Kiuhting. tered what the people call the ‘sub.
Orrawa, June The first casualts bowen danger zone, when he Blanved |
list of the recent fghting near Yor: wnxiousiy into the sea,

Because they are the only tires carrying four
| heavy twisted steel cables in the base—nexé to
the rim.
This exclusive feature makes it impossible
for the tire to slip over the rim.

FEDERAL

DOUBLE-CABLE-BASE TIRES
therefore are the safest tires ever built.
Don’t take chances—buy Federals.

The Federal Rubber Co.

Of Illinois

Factories: Cudahy, Wis.

Manufacturers of Federal Automobile Tires, Tubes and Sundries, Motereycle,

Bicycle and Carriage Tires, Rubber Heels, Horse Shoe Pads, Rubber Matting

and Mechanical Rubber Goods,

EASTERN DISTRICT OFFICE

38-40 West 62d Street

NEW YORK CITY

FEDERAL TIRES

FOR SALE BY

King Tire Co., 1985 Broadway
Colonial Rubber Specialty Co., 33 Murray St.
James J. Fero, Inc., 792 Seventh Ave.
Oriental Rubber & Supply Co.,

1166 Bedford Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Terrace City Sporting & Auto Goods Co.,
55 Warburton Ave., Yonkers, N. Y.

Est. of J. Kane,

Bronxville, N. Y., Pondfield Road

 

 

Se —e

RSE IS SOLE HEIR
TO $42,707 LEGACY

 

 

FEDERATION.

WOMEN’S

 

Was Broken.

 

—_—
$44 5
pets the principal of the fund and the BOLTON HALL ARRESTED.
unuged income should be used by the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty ake 2
to Animale in finding homes for anmals| Sathor Accused of Disteibating

and in preventing cruelty Hirth Control Rooks.

 

  

 

; Mre, Gellativ, who was the daughter | ‘
Mrs. Josiah Evans Cowles, new presi- lunes aba, ascend oon ins | Holton Hall, author, lawyer and ad-
dent of the General Federation of suf ip dividual estate of $580,704 net, and a] Vocwle of the single tax, was arrested
Women's Clubs, finds trouble ready for| ,. . ies 4 trust fund of $702,201, set aside for her | last night by Detectives Smith and Price
her at the start. Fritz Brieger, owner No Other Pets Found to Enjoy m a r Farrer tll gene wave peels lon a charge of distriputing birth contre?
o he usband and $80,026 to her sister n Kae i «fir
of the Federation Magazine, which has Comforts Ordered in Mrs. Ella "4 Wagers sabe ere ee eee Vee ae
” ‘ ‘ }poloee statioe ave $5 -
been a sad bone of contention, decided Gellatby's Will ss tacceesalenaiiinin | onrati a in court today, V
yesterday to make good his threat and e : I Beyond stating that he was 62 yeara
air his troubles in court. Through War. CHINESE REBELL ON SPREADS. old one ae ane ~ tain iin ceraat
4 » 3 } stree all declinec O talk is arres
ren S. Cohen, lawyer, he served a sum- The appraisal of the estate of Mrs,| Town of Tangan, in Fackten Proves) was ordered on a warrant obtained from
sap on Mrs. ype boed = the Hotel Astor, | maith Rogers Gellatly, who aied on July ince, Surrounded. tb ef Hef thd Wente clvad te i
te says in an affidavit. But Mrs. Lily 17, 1913, at 34 West Fifty-seventh street, AMoy, China, dune 6 Revolutioniats | dec ei “pamphiet three dayn ‘before.
Hubert, Mrs. Cowles's campaign man-|and who wae the wife of John Gellatly, | yaye surrounded the town of Tungan After carrying oon experiments in
ager, declared last night, speaking over|/an ineurance broker, shows that while] apout twenty miles north of Amos, in} yacant Jot cultivation in Philadelphia
the telephone from Mrs. Cowles’s room, | she left the income from stocks valued | tye province of Fu-kien Hall in 1906 started 100 families tilling
that the new president knew nothing of | at $42,707 for the care of her horses arui . l thirty unoecupied acres in The Bronx,
any summons. dogs, the only animal she owned at the An American missionary and his wife | witch were loaned by the Astor family.
Mr. Briecer, who displayed a con-| time of her death was a horse at White] are in the town of Tungan, where there | Though the son of Dr. John Hall, once
tract which, he says, the federation has} Plains, appraised at $700. is a mission station under the direction | pastor of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
broken, vowed that he would have re- In making the bequest, Mrs. Gellatly |of the Christian and Missionary Ale] Chureh, he attacked some of the best
dress. directed that upon the death of her | Hance. }hnown beliefs of the church in 1910

 

 

 

I Have a 3400 r. p.m. Ready This Minute For You

This certainly is a great year for selling
cars. Most everybody has_ had success.
Some more than others, as isalwaysthe case.

Chalmers sales are running 900 per cent
ahead of last year all over the United States.
Mr. Chalmers’ foresight in doubly provid-
ing against a shortage of materials has won
a great contest.

It has enabled the Chalmers plant to
keep on building cars when one or two
have shut down or others have had to cut
down on allotments to their dealers.

Here it is June and the great Chalmers
plant is running day and night, three shifts,
turning out more cars than ever before.

How long can Chalmers keep filling the
demand?

I don’t know. I know only this: the
plant is turning out about 125 a day ; Chal-
mers dealers are selling about 425 a day.

The only reason I or any other dealer
can supply a car now is because during
December, January and February the
Chalmers plant ‘worked day and night like
Trojans and built about 125 cars a day
when the dealers were selling probably only
about 80. Soon these 425-a-day sales are

Asbury Park, N. J
abylon, Li
Bayonne, N. J.-- Thiele, J. A

Hayshore, L. 1.--De Martini Auto Shop

Centre Moriches, L. 1—Centre Moriches Garage
Mloster, N. J.--Coestner & Browne,

College Point, L. Reilly Engineering Company
Cutchogue, L. T.-- Morrell, Ernest W

Danbury, Conn.--The Fillow Auto Co
Kasthampton, L, 1.---Kdward, C. 8.

Kast Islip, L. 1.--Atzberger, Frank X
Farmingdale, L. 1.-—Otten Bros. Garage
Palening, 1.—Flushing Auto Co,

-Thompson's Auto Garage
Saminis & Downer Co

  

 

 

 

Forest lls, L. t.—-Forest Hills Garage
Freeport, L. T.—-Columblan Garage

Glen Cove, L. L-- Red Spring Garage

(ireat Neck Station, L. te Smith, C. W.. Garage
Hackensack, N. J.-—Oritant Garage
Harrison, N. J.--Martin, Henry.
Hempstead, 1. 1.—-Main Street’ Garage
Hicksville, L. 1.--Broadway Ciarage
Hoboken, N. J.--Lackawanna Garage
Huntington, I --Sammis & Downer ‘9
Jamaica, L —Franklin Garage.

Lawrence, L. 1.—Moschera, P., & Son
Lynbrook, L. 1.--Jako's Garage
Middletown, Conn.~-Caulkins, F. 1 (iarage

Mineola, 7 Lander's Motor & Supply Co
Mt. Vernon, N. Y.—-Michel-Schnelder Garage, Ine
New Brunswick, N. J.-New Hrunswick Garage Co
New Canaan, Conn.—Blue Arrow Garage
Newfoundland, N. J.—Newfoundland Garage

New Hyde Park, L. I.— The Long Island Seed Co., Ine
Newton, N. J.--Kishpaugh, J. M.

Newark, N. J--Paddock Zusi Motor Car Co

New Haven, Conn.—-White Motors Co
New Kochelle, N. ¥.- Sazon Tracy

Co, Ine,

Nyack, N. Y.--Whipfalis Garage
Oyster Hay, L. 1.—-Blue Ribbon Garage
Onsining, N. ¥ Ossining Garage Co

Passaic, 'N. J.--City Hall Garage, Inc,, Paterson, N,
Paterson, N. r—City Hall aries, Inc ‘ 4

going to eat up the surplus made during
the Winter months.

I got a letter a few days ago from the
Chalmers plant which simply said: ‘‘We
have on hand orders asking for immediate
shipment of cars whose value is in excess of
$8,000,000."

I need not narrate the rest of the note
which was so obviously subtle that I got
the telegraph operators on the job right off.

I’m making my promises on delivery
from day to day. I've got cars or can get
them now. This may not hold good to-
morrow.

Next week I shall cut my promises down
still more. Remember, there are only two
things that I concern myself with these
days. One is to get you to take one ride
in a 3400 r. p.m. Chalmers if you have not
done so already. That’s all I want. The car
speaks in a language you'll understand.

The other thing is simply one of math-
ematics: If the Chalmers factory can turn
out 125 cars a day and Chalmers dealers all
over the United States are selling 425 a
day, how long will the supply last?

Price still unchanged—1090 Detroit.

George Stowe, Manager.
Chalmers Motor Co, of New York, Inc.
Broadway at 50th Street, New You!
Bedford Ave. & Fulton St., Brooklyn
2527 Boulevard, Jersey City, »

a

2) Bada ’ Dy} . ' ‘
283 Fairfield Avenue, Bridgeport ily
Peekshill NOY MeCoy ana Company
Perth Athos, Nod Perth Ninboy bardware €o
Vinintleld and blizabeth Noo Stryker Motor Car Co
PAsaaaAE NUTT iin 6 TAD pACuA i = \ he Poster Company
Port (hester NOY Howatt's Central Garage

  

Port Washington, bot
Poupghheepsre NOY Van Bensehoten lohan
Red Bank No J Van Dorn. bred ot
Kiehmond Hilband Wew Gardens to
Kiverhead, boob Cornwall & Morrett
Southampton. -L, 1 Southampton Charage

South Norwalk, Conn Vaust Brothers Garage
Stamford, Conn Hexamer Motor Co

‘Torrington, Coun Perkins Electric Go Nt
Tottony ite. Staten Istand, NOY Votrenvitle Gairarce

staonard varie

Richmond Hill Garage

 

Weehawken, Nod Wratise & Miearstuatl

Wost Hoboken No J Smythe. Greorwe AN

West New Hrighton, & 4 Castleton Miaator Car Co

White Plains, NOY. Chatmeorm Motor €@0. of NOY. tne Po4

Stubblebein
Yonkers. NOY
2406 Concourse

Mer ¥1 Oravaupum st
Rose & Hibbard

Cor Wooistth St roua, No Nv White Bros.