ween

 

| ALLIED FAIR

TAKES |

 

DOWNTOWN PLAYERS

IN $100,000 MORE AT COMEDY THEATRE

Neeeipts Now 8600,000—
Woman Gives 81,500 Ring
From Finger to Aid Cause,

PETE OF FRANCE TO-DAY

 

re who goes to the Allied
' Grand Central Palace the
battle scarred guns, ambu- |

rms and soldiers’ kits is

3 nost interesting part of the
‘ ' among the booths
veryvthing from automohbites

and from prize dogs to

nes, the people laugh and '

1 dance

and eat, but here they

 

 

 

  

 

   

 

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

| They

| unusual

with serious faces, as if
‘ f horror of war,

lay of the fair surpassed

e opening day in attendance
ul 1" pmen and women came !
e afternoon and evening. And
indgement would not ven.

t t te of receipts, It was sald
t east £196,000 was added to the}
e v tr was the estimated total
on § 2 |
isand five hundred dollars

ea the form of a ring—-a beautiful
a 1 emerald ring-—-which a
® ew from her finger and handed
t 1 R t Bacon, remarking that,
ane ow a) to help the Amertean Am-
t t ilint give money then.
Would Not Tell Her Name, |

\ elle vised the ring, which

7 pear & ped stones, at not
$1 ' donor wouldn't

tr ‘ Mrs. Bacon went home
* zg the ring for safe keeping At
t ‘the bazaar it will be #e }
this gift probably the Ia: |

e into the booth of the nine
4 ‘ re Lad Nlexander Colebrook,
the ie uniform in which

* \ ed in the munitions factory at
\\ 2 and « sunded by shells
® s slie made there, sat autograph-
£ steard pictures of herself, which

* e hot cakes at three for a quar-
te Colebrook was feeling good}
ves 4v, for she had just received a
‘ - ine that her gon Guy, who was
fhe Lions force in the naval bat-|

‘ ek, had eseaped unhurt |

glad she said, “but 1 should}
£ riaht on working just the
® ‘ id been killed
uoashamed. Madam de- |
r »maniin the erowd around her
nade those shells meant to
k |
makes a difference when T
know who they are to kill retorted |
] ‘ v}

. nitted that she whe an antt-
® when the war began, but
eu t she was so no longer

ling to wa ehe said

‘ men are doing such wonde Lt
work in thia war.”

French Days To-day. |

erday was British day and Lord!

fr Lidv Aberdeen were the guests of
t r Lord Aberdeen made a speech}
and 3 ‘do the English and Irish]
fluas tertwined, to the British War
Relief bo |

To-day french Day. In the after-|
foon films will show the work done by}
the Amertean Ambulance Hospital of |
Par Some real battle seenes are!
among these films, which were brought
over by permission of the French Gov-

managers mieht have made @5.000
yesterday if they id been willing to
dispose of the wre ed motor of Peroud's
acroplane, in the war exhibit ‘jeorge
Browarde, a collector of these little]
trophies, wanted to buy it and was ready |
te write his check for $5,000

e Ferguson is going to auction off
a painting of herself this afternoon |

:, Lewls B. W lruff and other}
w ‘ of the Authors’ League, In|
is il costumes, are presidin ver |
$ 0 worth of autographed books |
: tures, which attract such crowds
t hey are to be given a larger booth
ae |

\ ng other attractions fs a mother
ee Bonnie Doon, with her young tae |
" five pupple all born in sind

and «a bull pup that fastened |

na handkerchief and swung,
¢ g by his teeth, a yard above
t fi for ten minutes by the clock.

NOTES OF THE SOCIAL WORLD.

 

    

 

    

 

 

} the late Dr

| ing

! return

|

We @:

zabeth Jordan has gone to
Pp « to spend several weeks with
‘ e? Hodgson Burnett
Mrs. Robert H, Ingersoll of
t » have gone to thelr sum-
1 «, Cedarerest, In Oyster Bay,
L
Kent. son of the late Mr. and
s im Kent of Tuxedo, will
r , Margaret McKim in Boston |
t
Irs, Edward Ste rugse, Jr,
' g ations on the
t ' home, 122 East
. street
will go to the Huntting
] ptor bE” I late this
' ‘ emain there until the
i september
' (hureh Cathedral, New
( Ss ever Miss Mary
. ind, daug} yr of Mr, and
( 1, will be mar-
r of this city.
“1 rie ridge Brown,
‘ f ne arriage of Mrs
} \ of 425 Park ave
‘ rried to Kenneth H
‘ 1’: etor N J, to-day in{
t AY @ Church, Platnfleld,
Huntington Francke,
a f narriage of Mre
t i be otmnarried to
i this afternoon at
antrys f St. Thomas's
\ ‘ll eception will follow
‘ Club

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

/ Mrs

i
|
|
|
|
'
'
!
{
|

‘ e | on Theological Semi
' 20 at $:30 TI. M
zw of Miss Gertrude H
iughter of the lute Gustave
» William an Fay of
take place afternoon in
the Ascension A recep-
my oat the home of the
‘ 117 East Thirty-fifth|
Holmes Crimmins, daughter
iM Artemas H. Holmes,
ried to Charles Lamson Hoff- |
the Jate Richard Hoffman,
i Presbyterian Chureh
a root There will be
haar and C. Arthur
‘ s best man. A sinall
fr at the home of the
Madison avenue
ling of Miss Phyllis Sears,
Herbert M. Sears of
‘ rd ‘Tuckerman, Jr, of this
place In St. John's Church
iw Ma on June 20 at)
| bridal attendants will he
Warren, the Misses Sylvia
blvia Ames, Nathalle Thayer
loenegre Richard Mortimer,

ew York

will wet as best man
& Company's sales of Beef in New
t for the week ending June rd

ged ae follows Domestic Beef, 14,
» per pound,—-Adv,

|
|
|
|

|

 

j attendants

 

Four Offerings, Each in Its
Way Above Standard
of Broadway,

 

IN NEW HOME FOR A YEAR

 

The Washington Square Players have |
come a step nearer that self-consctous |
quarter from which they took their name
They were at the Comedy Theatre, which |
is a little one but their own, They will |
Dossess it for a year to come, continuing
there the piquant artistic ministrations |
which they began at Fi fty-seventh street |
and Third avenue,

There connoisseurs of the drama have!
sought out their performances eagerly.

served the same purpose toward |
the theatre as the remote restaurant of |
excellence, which attracts the |
fourmet wearied of more conventional |
fare. In serving this purpose the Wash-
ington Square Players, with their youth-
ful enthusiasm and their unusual plays!
unusual in respect to their material ag |
well as their bright and artistic treat. |
ment of it—were altogether successful in |
their former abode.

To carry the analogy further it te to
be hoped that in their present habitat !
they may not undergo the change which |
has usually happened to those resorts in
Which epicures used to seek good food
They rarely continued to preserve their
original flavor after passing into new
quarters. But perhaps no such change
will overtake the lively spirits in control
of the Washington Square Players. They
will not slumber nor sleep at the artistic
switch, |

The four short plays selected last!
night were favorites in the first home of |
the company “The Honorable Lover,”
by Roberto Bracco: “Helena’s Hus- |
band,” in which Philip Moeller so wittily
readjusts some historic values jn the
case of the first of the professional
beauties; “The Clod.” by Lewia Beach,
and “Plerre Patelin’—this was the
varied repertoire out of which the first
programme was made up livery one
of these plays posseses ita own apecial

‘e and {ts in its way far above
age dramatic entertainment
fered to the New York public

Last night's audience gave no sign of
finding the plays in their new frame any
less amusing than they used be up-
town So there seems no reason to be-
eve that the Comedy Theatre will not
prove fnspiring to the players and
authors as their original home

GIDDING—FRANK-STEINHARDT,

Is 1
room of the

 

  
 

of-

as

their

 

Ceremony rrormed in Ball-

St. Regis,

Miss Meryl Frank-Steinhardt, daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Stein
hardt, was married to Nathaniel Gidding
last evening ballroom of the St
Regis, which was handsomely decorated
for the occasion with spring flowers. The
Rev Dr. Samuel Harris of this city per-
formed the wedding ceremony.

The bride wore a gown of ivory satin,
embroidered with pearls, made in the
zabethan fashion. The Walter Raleigh
sleeves were of tulle and the was
aught up with clusters of orange blos-
soms, A vourt train of satin and duchess
lace fell from the shoulders and the
tulle veil was held in place by a band
of pearls and clusters of orange blios-
soms. A little flower girl, Leonore Gid-
ding, was in attendance on the bride
She wore a frock of orchid and rose
colored taffeta combined with pale blue
ribbon and she carried a basket of tus
can straw filled w roses

Mr. and Mrs. Gidding
Pacifie coast for their

in the

 

 

 
 

   

 

will ge

wedding

tn the

trip

Levo—Bronner,

The wedding of Miss
ner, daughter of Mrs
ner Arthur Mayer
mer Tax Commissioner Ferdinand Levy
and Mrs. Levy, took place yesterday af
ternoon at the St. Regis. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Stern
of this city in the presence of relatives
and friends The bride had her sister,
Miss Carole Bronner, as her maid of
honor and the other attendants were the
Misses Ernestine Levy, sister of the
bridegroom, and Ella Bronner, a cousin
of the bride Marcel Levy was) his
brother's best man and the ushers were
Milton Rosenberg and Walter Ernst
After the ceremony there was a recep-
tion,

Dorothy Bron
Willlam H. Bron-

to Levy. son of for-

 

 

 

Mor son—H ong.

Mildred H
and Mrs

to Charles

Miss Hoag, daughter of
William FE. Hoag

was married King Morrison,

son of the late Gieorge Austin Morrison
of this city, In St. Thomas's Church
vesterday afternoon, the Rev. Dr. Ernest

M. Stires, rector of the church, officiat-
On account of the recent death of
the bridegroom's father only relatives
and a few intimate friends witnessed the
marriage ceremony There were no
bridal attendants and George A. Morri-
son acted as his brother's best man
There was no reception. Mr. and Mrs
Morrison will live in this clty after their
from their wedding trip

Del Castillo—Farrar,

 

Miss Helen Graham Farrar, daughter

of the Rev. Dr. and Mrs. James M
Farrar, was married to Harold t#iward
de! Castillo last evening at the home of

her parents, 857 President street, Brook-
lyn Dr. Farrar for twenty years oc-
cupied the pulpit of the First Reformed
Brooklyn, from which he was

   

   

Church tn
forced to retire this spring because of
poor eyesight He performed the cere-
mony, sesisted by his son, the Rev.
rles Parrell, and the Rey. Dr James
S."Kittell of Albany The bride's at-
iants were Miss Helen Case, Mre.
Mirabeau Towns and Mise Dorothy
Stockhbam

Glosbura—Simon,

Pasraic, N. J June h.—Misea Ida
daughter of Mrs. Rebecca Simon
Lexington av ie, was quietly
married yesterday to George J. Ginsburg,
t New York clothing manufacturer, who

at 5 Glen road, Rutherford The
mony wa performed by the Rev
Moses Lippman in the presence of a
gathering of relatives and friends.
Rarnet Seligsen of Waterbury,
was matron of honor and Abram
of Rutherford best man Mr,
Ginsburg will Hve at 112 Lex-
this elty

S mon,

f
rf

    

 

 

at pte
Mrs

Conn.,
Ginsburg
and Mrs
ington avenue

 

 

Stelnhardt—Davin,

Miss Ruth Davis, daughter of Mr. and
Kdward Davis, was moarried to Max-
well Steinhardt of this eity yesterday at
the hore of her parents, sof West
Ilghty-first street by the Rev Dr
Stephen S, Wise, a relative of the bride
Only relatives and «a few intimate
nds were present. The Misses Janet
Wise and Virginia Steinhardt, who acted
as flower girls, were the only bridal
After a reception Mr. and
left for their wedding

  

Mrs. Steinhardt

trip

Davin——Van Deursen,

Grace Adams Van
daughter of W,
mining engineer and one of the engi- |
neers in charge of the construction of
the Brooklyn Bridge. was married yes-
terday in the bluebird room of the Me- |
Alpin Hotel to Bugene Lewis Davis of |
Lynehbure, Va Mr. Davis is connected
with the Treasury Department In Wash
ington, The ceremony was performed
by the Rey. Dr. Charles Eaton of the
Madison Avenue Baptist Church, Mr.
and Mra Davie, after a week in New
York, will go to Virginia. ’

Deursen of

H. Adams,

Mrs,
Chicago,

 

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

 

 

 

 

ae

 

“Please tell them what you think.”’

BALLET RUSSE SEEN
ON VAUDEVILLE STAGE

Thomas Wise Also in Palace

si1—Tempest Appears
Minus sunshine,

The Ballet
ville At
Theodore

supported

Russe has invaded
Palace Theatre yesterdays
Kosioff and Viasta Maslova,
by a small company of
doa picturesque pr
after the Russtan fas
cular attraction of the
entertainme Others or
clude Thomas A, Wise in Roy Atwell’s
playvlet “The Christmas Letter Albert
Parker and Edmund Shaler, Helle Storey
Joseph EF. Hernard and company in
“Who Ie She®’ the Meyakos, Milt Col-
lings, the Farber Girls and Olympia Des-
vall and company

Florenz Tempest of the vaudeville
team of Tempest and Sunshine is going
it as a “single” at the Colonial Theatre
on account of the illness of her partner
She has the assistance of a small com-
pany in a dancing act that is pleasing
Others are “The New Produce,” Walter
Brower, Harry Tighe and Sylvia Jason,
Mabelle Adams and Marion Murray in
“Cotton Stockings,” Elsie Williams and
company, White and Clayton and Jack
and Kitty Maco in "The Garden of
Recreation’

At the Alhambra Theatre the principal
entertainers inclide Fred Bowers, Non-

the

dan
arnt
i as
week's

hill in

 

cers, presente
of dances
the

 

 
 

cartate nt the

 

 

ette, Walter Brower, Derkin's animals,
Brooks and De Forest, Hoven and Du
Preece, King and Harvey, Bee Ho Gray

and Ada Summerville and others

The New Brighton Theatre at
Brighton Beach is ebrating what ts
termed a “June Revel.” Brice and King,

 

back from a tour with "Watch Your
Step,” are the particular attractions
“Petticoats.’ a successful vaudeville
playlet, is another feature of the pro-
gramme, which includes Kramer and
Morton, Grace Dunbar Nile, Allen and
Howard, William and Margaret Cutty,
the Chung Hwa Pour and the El Rey
Sisters

Junie Met'ree'’s burlesque, ‘‘Heilo
New York" continues to be a drawing
ecard at the Columbia Theatre, where

Lew Kelly contributes much toward an
enjoyable entertainment,

GERMAN PLAY AT BANDBOX.

Emannel Retcher Seen at Theatre
in’’'The Concert," by Herman Bahr,

The Bandbox Theatre, which was
or ially intended for plays in German,
reverted to its ancient usage last night,
Emanuel Reicher began a brief engage-

   

ment there in “The Concert.” It) was
Adolf Phillip, who built the theatre for
his piquant German pieces, which he

subsequently syndicated under the names
of Briquet and Herve

Mr. Reicher, in spite of the prelimi-
nary announcement, did play in the Ger-
man language before he acted In Eng-
lish He was seen at the theatre now
known as the Plaza when it was devoted
to the German drama in that tongue,
It is a more interesting reeord of what

 

happened last on t, however, that It
was this famous actor who was one of
the original actors in Bahr's famous
play, It was the role acted by Leo
Ditrichstein in which Mr. Reicher was
geen last night. He was warmly ap-

plauded by his friends and will doubt-
less enjoy a successful engagement at
this theatre,

Thelr Golden Wedding Day.

Mr. and Mrs, James Lancaster Morgan
gave a reception yesterday afternoon at
thelr home, 7 Plerrepont street, Brook-
lyn Heights, in celebration of their
fiftieth wedding anniversary. Mrs, Mor-
gan was Mise Alice Hill, daughter of
John J. Hill Wer sister, Mrs. Simeon
Haldwin Chittenden, who was a brides-
maid, was the only person present who
attended the wedding in Christ Church,
Brooklyn. Mr, and Mrs. Morgan have
two sons, Lancaster Mongan of Manhat-
tan and John Hill Morgan. Mra, Jobn

Holme Ballantine (Helen Ridgley Mor- |

gan) ie their granddaughter,

'
vaude-

ENO HAD UGLY WORDS
_ FOR THE SUFFRAGISTS

Kohlsaat. Confidential Ad
viser, Tells of Oddities in

Will Contest.

(Charles W Kohisaat, for some sears
the confidential adviser of Amos F. Eno,
was the o Witness yesterday at the
trial f the wnnfest of Mr Enoew wih
before Surrogate © dian and a jury

He told t
of wormur
and insulting
Valet used to
ear and call
and “Raby.’
Mr. Koh!saat

mw Mr. Eno referred to leaders
suffrage inovement in vile
terms, and said his
lead him around by the

him “Papa,” “Old Man”

that

 

said that on one occasion
jwhen Mr. Eno was asked contribute
the Church of the Ascension re-
fused because he thought that the chureh

to he

 
  

had been of “no benefit to the eltyv’ He
testified that Eugene RBolssevain, who
was treated discourteousliy when he went
to see Mr. Eno on business, wrote him
a letter of compl fet ing that the
man he saw was one Eno's em-
ployees fle described tv} man to Mr
Eno asa “senile old man, with a weak

 

and common v . boortsh in behavior.”
Mr. Eno laughed over the letter, the
witness said, and on the advice of Amos
Pinchot did not reply

The witness said that Mr. Eno had
abused a woman who called at his of-
fice, and then asked if he had been rude
Mr. Kohlsaat replied: “You were more
than rude; you were brutal” He said
Mr. Eno told him he n't believe the
men in his office were always honest
with him, He teatified that in 1912 Mr
Eno said that the General Society of Me-
chanic and Tradesmen waa the only
institution to which he would leave any
money because it was the only one ae
complishing any good,

The case will go on to-day

JOHN A. HILL LEFT $1,134,933.

Bulk Goes to Wife and Daughter in
nd ME

 

  

Trus

    

th to Employees,

The appraisal of the estate of John
A. Hill, who died on January 25 last

and was a resident of Essex county, N
J., shows that he left $1,184,983 in per-
sonal property. I1is holdings in the Hill
Publishing Company, engineering Jour-
‘nals, were 350 shares of preferred stock,
worth $350,000, and 4.583 shares of com-
mon, valued at $998,834. The amount
taxable in New York is $184,962

Mr. Hill's will left $1,500 each to fif-
teen employees and $1,000 each to forty-
jeight His private secretary, Rose
Steiner, got $30,000 in trust, and $25,000

in trust went to his business associate,
William M. Meyer. Mr. Hill left the
bulk of his estate in trust for his wife,

Emma B. Hill, and daughter, Jean Car-
lisle Hill, His company published the
' Locomotive Engineer, American Machin-
ist, Engineering and Mining Journal,
Engineering News and Coal Age,

'Jvea's Will Leaves All to Widow,

The will of Robert Leonard lves, mem-
i ber of the Stock Exchange firm of J. R.
Williston & Co,, who died on May 10 last
at the Hotel Essex, disposes of an es-
tate of more than $100,000, The bulk
of the property goes to the widow, Mrs,
Idalia t.. Ide.

WILLS AND APPRAISALS.

 

|

' WM. H FRIDAY, who died tn Brooklyn
{on November 4, 1916, left $61,554, the bulk
lof it distributed as follows: Elizabeth J
Friday, widow, $13,471; Wililam H. Friday,

Jr, gon, $14,794, and Madward RK. Friday,
another gon, $13,961

JOHN F, PATTERSON, who was a
trustee under the will of Marshall O.
Roberts, and who dled May 19, 1915, left

fn eatate of $165,684 He gave $64,726
each to his nephews, George P. and Samuel
&. Patterson, He had $133,695 in eecurities,

|
|
|
|
| JOHN M. TALBOTT, marine tnaurance

 

who died April 17, 1918, left
of which $135,208 went to his
Gieorglanna A. Talbott. He gave
{$10,000 to the Church of Our Lady of
| Mount Carme) of Astoria, 1. 1 His in
terest In Talbott, Bird & Co. was appraised
at $44,407 ead in Jd, M. Telbott & Ce, at
$24,808,

 

a4
wife, Mra

‘DAVID BELASCO BUYS

| ANCIENT MANUSCRIPT

Playwright Pays S105 for Vel-
lum Work of 1708 at the

 

  

 

 

> ,
| Blackborne Sale,

At 1 Ane ru! \ er
vesteridas f ant f
and other a objects froy he B
borne ollect Tye 1 be . went
for $105 a manus ’ j
1794, which contains miniatures plete
{ng the costumes f the ne The
manuser'pt, - “Catia Execut 1 \e
Hidalgula,” haa an inter B full page
miniature represen tone e Virg and
Child upon an altat surrounded by mem-
bers of the Navarro M z family
kneeling before her, while on the op
site page ure the arms of the family tr
gold, silver and colors) Another on ‘
ture of King Philip Vooon horseba s
also contained. Bound with the manu.
script is a supplementary cdocure or
namented with beautiful vignettes in pen
and tink

Another "Carta Executoria.”’ executed
on vellum at Valiadolld in 1641, wae
bought by Herbert du Puy for $75. The
Pmanuscript, whieh {fs in ilfes, ts aleo
richly iuminated and is decorated with
the arms of the Esp nosa farnily Much
gold and silver are used in the orna-

  

 
     

 

 

   

mentath

A sixteenth century cloth seventy
alx inches long of Italian and filet ‘
backed with rose colored silk was bought
by Wo OW Seuman for $% An old
Italian lace cloth piece with a band of
fine filet with animal designs and
equares of Italian gulpure was hought
{by the same buyer for $170, the hig?
fest price of the afternoon \ point
de Ventse lace border sero design of
the seventeenth century was bou by
Otto Bernet for $85

The total snles for the flest session
jwere $3074 50 The sale will continue

this afternoon

LETTER BY DR. JOHNSON SOLD.

| Autograph Documents of Charles

  

 

 

Lamb and Jefferson Davia Also,
| A letter written by dr Samuel John.
| son to a friend in London a short time
| before his death was bought yvestermiay
‘by WOH. Manning for $75 at the sale of
| American and English autographs and

manuscripta at the Anderson Callertes

| The letter reads, “It is a great pleasure

‘to a sick man to discover that sickness
‘is not always mortal; and to an old
man to see age yet living to a greater
| oge.”

' A Charles Lamb antograph letter to |
Ir Allsop was bought by Scribners
{for $45

' Two letters of unusual historle ine

| terest, written by Jefferson Davis, Presi.

dent of the Southern Confederacy, to
{LB Northrop, his Commissary Gen-
| eral, with regard to Gen. Beauregard, on

whom he places the responsibility for
certain Confederate disasters, were |
bought by George TD. Smith for $40)
and $45

The total sales yesterday
The aale will continue to-day.

| Wing's Eatate Worth 81,108,030,

drugs and chemicals, 22 William street,
was valued at $500,000. He gave $344,-
389 to his wife, and $388,499 each to his
sons, 8. Bryce Wing and L.. Stuart Wing

HH, W. Cary Rents Newport Cottage,

De Blois & Eldridge have sub-rented
the Gen. Morrell cottage at Gehre Point,
Newport, RK. oL, for Mrs. Rutherfurd
Stuyvesant of New York, who is obliged
to change her plans and be absent, to
Hamilton Wilks Cary, also of New York,
fur the coming summer,

 

 

  

were $1,338, |

The estate of LL, Stuart Wine, who
} died March 1 last, was appraised yes-
terday at $1,108,030 His holding of
2,500 shares of 10 per cent. first pre- |
ferred stock in Wing & Evana, Ine,, |

'GOTONLY $2,5000F ‘SCISSORS STEP’ FOR |
$15,272 JUDGMENT TIRED BUSINESS MAN yet A Adee

 

Window Cleaner, Hurt by Fall,’ Dancing Masters Give Assur-
Says Lawyers Tricked ance Little Mental Effort
Him of Balance, Will Be Required,

 

 

|
|
|
|

SUES FOR HALF OF SUM) BAN ON THE “BUNNY oT
Affidavits filed tn the Supreme Court | One hundred and fifty dancing |

yesterday charge that Cornelius Dria-| teachers at the opening session of the |
jcoll, A Window cieaner, who recovered aj convention of the International Assoct- !
| judgment 272 for permanent ation of Masters of Dancing in the Hotel
foe was induced to accept $2,500 for | Martinique yesterday launched a vigor-
his claim, although the judgment had) ous boom for “safer and saner dancing,
affirmed unanimously by the Ap-! mental effort
j)Pellate Division of the Supreme Court.) in learning,” while at the same time

}
Driscoll says it was represented that the) making no move to decry the dance as

 

of in-

 

| been Simpler eteps and less

  
 

 

 

   

  

 

   

 

     

 

   

     
 

 

 

 

   

    

 

     
  

 

     

 

 

   

 

 

  

 

  

 

   

 
      
 

 

    

 

       

 

{$2,500 came from “a gambler, who waa | how practised,
willing to take a chance at buying his) — Reports from all sections of the coun-
' claim.” jtry as far west as California indl-
The proceeding, which will be heard | Cated that dancing was by no means on
this morning by Justice Giegerich, was/the wane, Individual dancing teachers
brought by Driscoll against Joseph W. reported “good business" in their dif-
Clausen, a lawyer, of Wall street, to} ferent: sections, Tt was almost unani-
compel him to turn over $7,636, or half; Mously voted that the one step, the
the amount of a judgment recovered from | fOX trot and the waltz are still the most
the Hotel Cadi lac, where Driseoll was! Popular dances in existence That the
njured in 18tl, when he fell from a! *0-called “modern dance steps," how-
window ledge fever, have less of the vulgar about
Driscoll said that after he was in- |} them than at any other previous periods
jured he was in Flower Hospital for! Seemed to be the concensus
eleven months and had to undergo six} But in order that the dance craze
operations, While he was there he said ehall not have a chance to wane in pop-
one Hope’ came and said he was con- ularity the dancing masters saw to It
nected in the law business with Clausen, | that a number of new steps should be
and induced Driscoll to sign a retainer; invented, just to be sure to keep alive
giving Clausen a 50 per cent, contingent; the interest in) that favorite indoor
fee for taking the case against the hotel, | Sport j
Driscoll said (hat he didn't know what) One of these steps, which was born
connection Hope, who turned out to be) Yesterday, is called the “scissors three
William T. Hope, who is a lawyer, had! Step.” the creation of Miss Cecelia |
With Clausen's office, but he was @ visl-| Fleischer of Pittston, Pa Another,
tor at the hospital almost dally, procur- | called the “J. BK." three step. is named
tne accident cases and apparently hav-| after J. Killgallen. Charles A. MeCrea
ng exclusive entree to the hospital for! Of Philadelphia was responsible for the |
that purpose | introduction of one called the ‘Redo-
After stating that “some of the cir.}| mac three step Pr HO Kelly, who
umest the transaction may be} bad charge of the demonstrations |
of inter to the court’ Driacoll said esterday, introduced on his own ac-
that ie Court of Appeals de- unt some variations on the one step
cided t was represented to him and fox trot So did Charles Brunee!
in Clausen's office that his case was] Of Plattsburg, N.Y
ae good as lost, but that the “gambler” fa Most of these steps were rehearsed
with $2,500 who was willing to take alin one of the small ballrooms of the,
fehance on his tim had been found, ; hotel All that was vouchsafed as to
tet the mone | thelr nature was that they were in
ve said that on this) occasion | “three-four time,’ that they were easy
hie ater. M Margeret Buckley, who} ty learn without exerting one’s gray
AcoOomy «! him to Clausen’s office,| matter too much and that thay un-
l waid doubtedly would become popular when |
! It ‘eet had. Mr. Hope, after all | disclosed to a waiting public Printed
lthese years to have it come to that.’ descriptions of the new steps will be
Dr ileges that Hope then re-| distributed to members of the associa-
| nite WN can’t be helped This tion as soon as they have been adopted
i friend f ours is a gambler in Wall} by the convention |
Stre HW in afford to lose hie money, | While I Tl Kelly was leading the!
Vand © business here and | delegates through the mazes of the new
wee ir share, but you| Steps Miss Hilda Hanker of San Diego,
lomt af Cal, was giving a demonstration of
1 Trete paid replied “lam ene} @rm movements in dancing which ir i
ligteg in vour hands, and whatever you cluded instruction in the most graceful
land Mr. Clausen think best I will do.” | Way to hold one's partner
| He sald he then ‘went to ar office | At a business session it waa decided
fon BRrosndway and wag introduced to one i. lend further gitar nt to qecne?
. Le . @ got 4 soo, dancing nd to put a ban on “bunny
i pare oe “ 7 ct a Hood ey mr an | hueging’ and such forms of suggestive
oe anrnent e hie rath ; "dancing. It was indignantly denied that
| ' netitioner id that when he no. fany effort was being made to eliminate
‘ month a newspaner account | fOX trotting and one stepping. The con-
e affirmanos of the judgment in} Yention will continue throughout the |
his favor by the Court of Appeals he; “eek
Went to Clausen's office and satd Beret eae :
| I beliewe I've had a pretty raw deal | ALBERT A. WILCOX. !
from you in my > 1 belleve you, - - |
have tricked me, T have come to| Lawyer Was a Partner of Garret |
thr sut are going te r 14
A id out What you are going to do about | A. Wobart,
Tris eail that Clausen then left PATERSON, ASN
w tha ‘ ! he back tn fifteen Wilcox AW the ‘
d returr Hope | Vresident cia wt res
ere ! ed jent of the Pas int W “as
f i Since jsatc and New York, died sh fore
eteed tur ‘ midnight last might at s ! S7
i) s 1 thor s Twelf avenue, f Iness of
( t lenis © bad anything | several weeks, aged He studied
“ ' ¢ f Dris silaw in the office asidant Hos |
‘ nd will t fe t ‘ ej} bart and becam wher e|
t i * (ileg ha 1 is adm , purtner- |
jship Vice-President Hao- |
| urt '
‘COL. BORUP'S WILL AIDS YALE.| Mt Wileox was one of the best know
members of h Ha ‘ Counts in
Half of Reatdunarys Estate to Foand | ee At : He took an active part it
all ely re m omovemer ind served
Geoxraphys Fellowahtp, Isix years on Park ¢ S10 He
Vr will of Henry DD. Rerup Vas A charte ember nf Hamilter:
ch me f the
1 S A r ! who was the father! ,, : ‘ . 7 { Leng f New
of the te George Borup, explorer, and| York and a capta of the « Pate !
of Mr \ Andrews, wife of Roy | Light Guard under th ite Cien. Josep
ha ‘ Andrews of the Museum of}. Copgd He le sur OM ye atte
[wife and one daughtee
Nat 1] Hlistors { oases of many mil |
yand Aretic relies, Col, Rorup dle | Mulford T, Rogers,
M }  Rinern N..d.. dune Mulford 1
I v left half his residuary es-} trogers, w wa 1 with the Ed
tate t s daughter for life, and on her | Uout Wo Rquipment Company of New
lent the principal ts to go to Yale ats r died studde s erday at his
establish the George Borup fellowship | [me wou \ Iven street, fo
graphs The other half is left | wing a fa nlexy he suffered
to t ue s friends, lL. A. Platt and] Satu iyoright He was 61 vears ald
! ’ ye was a promir t member of the Fed
‘ ps w mitained many ref. | erated Me Clubs of Ridgewood and
erences to the exy s of his so | was wr of the committee whit
whoa wipaniod Peary The | is « ary to he erected
testator said that if Donald MeMitlan. | f Andrew Carnegie, Mr
vt « now he e Crocker Land | Hore s vived by his wife, two
expeditte br s back with i Buffalo and
large boulder fror Greer \ yhivn, also a
s e fre ay Loan a rs of Ridge
hy } wee ! at he w“w !
son's grave, a
f Pears ire Willinms Wf. Harriman,
ust into ab Willlam H. Harriman, for thirty-five
Borup's nan A years an emplovee of the National Cit
The « 1 a) t d the Yale ar dead in the bank yesterday
: One \ : in the | afternoon of heart disease. Mr. Harrimat
‘ ile flag CAt=|win wae 60 veats old, complained dure
ried ¢ he Peary expedition le be-| x the a feeling {1 He was a
supathed tot American Geographical! con of © 8 Ilarrimar f Yonkers
Raciety he Journals kept by his son on “ho dled last ea and left h quite a
de expe together with lantern large estate Mr. Harrt : “ght have
sides  ¢ ip wave to Donald Mes] retired at that time, but pr red to
Millan the g and camping outfit lent} main with the bank, Hi « emp
to him for the present expedition, and as mail His wife and daug
to the Ur raity (lub he Jeft bronzes, survive
busts and books

Thoman HH, Norton,

ART FURNISHINGS SHOWN. ry

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oe 7

Concluding Sessions of
“Last Sale of the Season”

—

 

This Tuesday and Wednesday
Afternoons at 2:30 o'Clock

By Direction of

Arthur Blackborne

Expert, of London
An Important Collection of

Antique Fans,
Beautiful Antique Laces,
Linen Embroideries,
Brocades and Velvets,
Antique Spanish Silver,
Valuable Old Spanish Books,
Also To Be Sold at the Same fime
A Few Tapestries, a Number of
Oriental Rugs and Draperies
Belonging to the
Estate of the Late Lorena L. Barbe:
and a Collection of
Old Arms and Weapons
and Columbus Relics
Belonging to the Estate of the late
Senhor Salvador de Mendonca
dhe Sale Will Be Conducted by
and his asslatant. Mr, Otte Hernet, of the

American Art Association, Managers
2.4 and 6 Bast 24d St, Madison Sq. So.

    

MRS, SAGE DONATES
$75,000 10 COLLEGE

Gift Made to Knox Through
Dr. John H. Finley, Its
Ex-President.

SPEAKS IN

HE CHICAGO

Cincace, June §.-
the New York
Fiducation

Dr. John H. Finley,
State Commissioner of
announced to-day that Mrs,
Russell Sage has, through him, donated
$75,0000 to Knox College at Cjalesburg,
lil, Dr mater
and of which he was president from 1892

 

which is Finley's alma
1899.

Mrs

lo

Sage's gift completes the $500,000
{ raised to expand and endow Knox

College

 

I’r, Finley delivered the bacca-
4ureate sermon there yesterday and
came here to-day to address the Phi
Bela Kappa Society on ‘Mobilization”

at the University of Chicago

 

  

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   

  

 

 

'f America is to hold her own with
Europe she must have a mobilization not
of men for war, such as Europe has seen,
but “of the ni lite,” was the mes-
saveof Dr ki y inthe Phi Beta Kappa
address lle d in part

“Ail Uiose Who lave Watoled w hee-
ing eves the sublime if terr » drama
enacted in Europe have reporte tot
that nations are beir troved, but
that new and greater 1 is ste being
borr Nation after nation rise une.
exampled heights of self-sucrt rdu
ous tell, simpl living ) ny in.
ne dving epiritua ve the
materi fe of the thet a ‘ pure

ange ! Sore ferent umd

“Industry is reorganized ! s
of sery e te State ad ¢
basis of pr anne s* s 1
leaves {ts on t cal t te t«
power to the $ Medicine and selenee
are mobilized e abl b of the

ition are n or near the b ts
trenches, and with them flight the worm
the old me anid the ! Ire to
battleflelds, it is true but ir tory.
grain field and workshop ino some = tm-
perative national ery . agriculture
manufacture transportation medical
wort hospital work

ay of salvatt here as {p
obilization the bullding of
1, A super-democraey [t
pose that the super-stateas
pe persist after the war
England will never revert int ‘at state
of heart that was England
in » will never again be
popularly ¢ hed as decadent
And we of the United States have
reason to dread the new competition of
nations that will follow the war unless
the depth and breadth of our spiritual
mobilization measures up to that of the
nations at war We need a mobilization
of the national life-—tta tndustries, Ita
transportation machine, its churches, its
schools and its citizens omobilization for
the new peace and the higher rivalry of
nations

“lL am wishing that everybody might
he conscripted to give some service to
the tate, under a plan of constructive
preparedness, every selfish luxury and
waste and Indulgence commandeered
every useful skill and sclence and art and

 

 

ndustry called to the colors perfodicalls
and ag 1 mobilization for the com
mon defence of our ideals compelled by
our vision of an America that has a
mission bevoend commercial supremacy.”

Giattl-Cnenzen Arrives Safely,

 

Giullo Gatti-Casazza sent a cable mease
iwe to the Metropolitan Opera Company
esterda te ne of his safe arrival tn
Bordeaux on the steamship Lafivette, an
which he York, May 27
M Gatti-Casazaza will go t Parts and
then to Milar

 

    

 

AINFIRELD, N J Tune i 1 is
| H. Norton, aged 47, died suddenly a stort me ove a ’ June
Old English Bits to Be Offer at s home in Fanwood s morning fron s : j ihe Ray
Silo's This Week, jheart trouble. He was a member of the Ernest Mo Stires, 1 1). Mildred Hor
re HiBRAMIINEe AlANIAST Ot NBURA mat noure of i lus ation : He was ¢ neaged a nee Awl a fhe
f tne ea t 7 the wholesale pape business in Y Witham Fo and Mra. Hoag, to Charles
furnishings reeen ly received fram Rue York, being a member of the tirm of Cees Ag MGR WAre
rope is on view at the Silo Art Gal-! Chase & Norton of Water atreet es King orrmon ¢ yey
leri Fifth avenue and Forty fifth | leaves a wife and two daughters
street, prior to {ta dispersal at auetion ’
next Thursday and Friday afternoons y Dl ED.
| Mra, Ilda K. Lb. Seholtee,
Of special note in the consignment are} | 5
the pleces of Chippendale furniture, in-| | Retierrorp, No J. June Mr hd , se Ls
{cluding ol4 ladder back chairs, cabi-| K. lL. Schultze, a sister of talban Rau BOYD sae a - ' Hk I ' val
nets, dining room suites and banquet Il, the actress, died to-day at the hon CHURCH As 7 rd
room. furnishings, The collection also! of ber daughter, M live Var vampbel) Buildings) Wen nore
includes William and Mary, Jacobean, | Mater, ® Courier street, fo an ing, 11 vk Ausptee Fund
and Fllizabethan refectory tables, buf- | ness of several wee She irvived | aor \s itherine DD y “
fets and plate racks, old carved troua- j by Mrs. Van Mater and one son, Leonard f Bankson Ta Morgan. tn
jseau chests, Directo salon sultes and)! Schultze of Scarsdale, N.Y he se fourth vear of ‘ at
applique church vestments H ' esidence of he ae
Among the porcelains — there Dantel Alpaugh, Morgan East Sinty- first street
(Chinese vase ultunabad urns, Fa Praingigip, N 1, June Dar KF nera! services r jeaday ft 0 ne. ine
ae and a blue and gold Sevres | Alpaugh, aged $1, for mans yvenrs er . Datei aahe an ‘, BAR i oy
\ | se 1 ‘Alle : fact mew's ne i "a eta
| The collection also contains old ean- | waged Pane ae 11 He didee vg 7 Madison = avenue Interment = Rur
| VOREM In Wud ne “The Judgment of | hama on i ; Sixth atreet fr ie ras | femeten) AMnaNY: AIDANY | PADS
| Paris, by Glordano den pCiar tate RAMiNeaAT HALEN Aiaaie. } vse Copy
! ” | vive [SCHULTZb At ui nertard N J. Ifa
| Sate Leonard Sehultze, the wife of
In New Vork To-day, | ; - pete ee e SET ery
Cinna Any exercises, New York University. | Lieut.-Com, Richard §, Dougtas, Ne BM HER ARURHIAGH Atiu Baraceonh
Water works convention, Hotel Astor, | WastiinaTon, June § The Navy le Van Mater, on June 5, 1916
10 809 A M J partment has been advised of the death Re! « private on Wednesday at con
{. Taineheon ne piture manufac.) of Lieut.-Commander Richard 8. Doug venience of the family
turers, Delmar flas, U.S. ON., retired, which occurred at sn ’ s ye Nog
National Tay \ssocfation, Hotel! lensacola, Mla on June 2 ita wis | WEECON Ruddenty, at Pa a aon, Nd on
; Waldorf Astor " | native of Georgia and 44 years old Sunday, June 4, 1016, Albert A. Wilcox
Pamphitia Hea ‘ x Washington, E Funeral services on Wednesday, June 7,
Irving Hiikh > S| | ; ; ) his tate home, 887 Twelfth avenue,
teens Hiei bie lurnard College, | Samuel J, Stileon, | haterman. Be dab dvotolonie fas .
{Columbia tisinpasium, to oM | Samuel J Stilson, 728 4 Brooklyn}
] “Hote APD eL ee oF Ps w York FPedera you Ider, Whe erected many houses :
Garden, 8 PM. ADS SeSIBL MaLOl wane Jamaica and the Brownsville seetior UNDEKTARKERS,
‘ i * . ne eee
| fweture on Preparedness for National} died on Sunday at his home New 37
Defence, Major Harry 8 Howland, go) York avenue. He is survived hy sw FRAWKECAMPBELL 24332
East Thirty -first street, 8:15 P.M. jes a son and three daughters, | wares

‘|

a2

a TT ee Daan: Senn anE ene EE ene

oe =

|

ener

eer oe eee

‘