VOL, LXXIL—NO. 285,

PEACE MOVE
NOW MAY FAIL,

dussia Declines to Glve Her
Envoys the Power to
Negotlate,

| anaeEaRnemian

JAPAN EXPECTED TO BALK.

es

  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
   
   
  

Not For-the Victor to Appear as
Seeking Terms,

 

Guspicton of Russia's Motives In Agree-
ing to the Roosevelt Plan Seems to Be
JustiNed—Japan Has Ordered No Ar-
mistice and Oyama Reports That He
Is Pushing the Russians Back in Man-
churia—Paris Hears That Japen Will
Demand an Indemnity of $650,000 000

From THE SUN Correspondent at St, Petersburg.

Sr. PETERSBURG, June 11.—The Foreign
Office intimates that Count Lamsdorff,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has communi-
cated to Mr. Meyer, the American Ambassae
dor, Russia's acceptance, in principle, of
the invitation of President Roosevelt to
open direct negotiations for peace with
Japan. ’

The Foreign Office adds that it must be
distinctly understood‘that her representa-
tives will be in no%s4nse plenipote ntiaries,
but will confine: themselves to hearing
Japan's proposals and communicating them
to the Russian Government, which will
then decide whether they constitute a basis
on which it can negotiate.

It is understood that M. Witte, president
of the Ministerial Council, offered himself
as a member of a plenipotentiary mission,
but on account of the foregoing he was
informed that there wes no occasion to
utilize his services.

It is believed that Baron de Rosen, for-
merly Minister to Japan; M. Nelidoff, Am-
bassador to France, &d another will act
es the Russian representatives.

SMALLER PROSPECT OF PEACE,

Lonpoy, June 11.— Yesterday’s paace
progpects are almost destroyed, in Eu-
ropean opinion, by the terms of Russia’s
so-called acceptance of President Roose-’
velt's invitation. It is a matter of almost
common knowledge in diplomatic circles
that Japan will not consent to name her
terms until Russia signifies a sincere desire
to negotiate.

It is not believed that Japan will agree
to send messengers to meet Russian mes-
pengers who will be distinctly without
powers to negotiate. Least of all would
Japan consent to grant an armistice under
such conditions.

There is little confidence in diplomatic
quarters in the Czar'a desire for peace.
Btill less is there any belief that he would
accept even moderate Japanese demands.
In the present circumstances it will require
the greatest tact and skill to bring about
an actual meeting of representatives of
both belligerents.

Should this be accomplished, difficulties
would continue in the initia] atage, but the
pressure of the unanimous opinion of
Christendom might then avail to prevent a
man of the Czar's temperament from re-
jecting peac® when it was within reach.

The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Morning Post says that short of refusing
to send delegates Russian diplomacy could
not have adopted a more negative atti-
tude, and unless something meanwhile
eccure to influence the dominant sentiment
zt Tsarskee-Selo there is no legitimate
ground for supposing that peace will be
brought appreciably nearer. The pros-
pective conference if Russia maintains her
present attitude will effect nothing which
could not be tabulated onhalf a sheet of
note paper.

WHERE ENVOYS MAY MEET.

Japan Not Likely to Impose Severe Terms
—Chinese Issue Brought Forward.

WASHINGTON, June 11.—With President
Roosevelt's return to Washington to-night
the veil of secrecy which has covered the
details of the peace negotiations will be lifted
a Little, andit isexpected that important
disclosures will be made to-morrow. It
has been the President's intention to furnish
to the public the text of the responses from
Russia and Japan to his petition that they
enter into direct peace exchanges, and
unless there should be some unforeseen
reason tothecontrary, the press will receive
verbatim copies of the answers at the earliest
practicable moment. ba

Upon excellent authority, well acquainted
with the purposes of the Japanese Govern-
ment as far as they have been determined,
it is learned that Japan is disposed to permit
Russia to make the initial suggestion of the
place where the peace commissioners shall
meet. As was shown in a Washington
despatch printed in THE Sun to-day, Presi-
dent Roosevelt indicated to both belliger-
ents his willingness to name the time and
Place of meeting of the joint commission,
but he would prefer to have the principals
Agree upon that question among them-
selves. Japan, apparently, has no prefer-
ence as to a meeting place, but it wasslyly
Suggested to-night in the quarter men-
tioned above that Tokio ought to be ac-
ceptable to both parties, as Gen. Kuropatkin

Continued on Second Page.

 

 

 

stockholders’ rights.
for Mr. Hyde said that they had heard talk

able to make the actual transfer of the
stock which he sold to the Ryan group

the death of Henry B. Hyde was authori-
tatlvely denied yesterday. Mr. Hyde, it

shares to Mr. Ryan and the other members
of the group. Whatever right Mr. Hyde's

relinquished, as a result of an understand-

agents and managers arrived in town yes-

is going to be done for them in the matter |

.| Edenborn, a direotor and vice-president of

chogue, L. I., for the purpose of securing a

street last evening, striking his face on the

and there the young woman sat down,
holding his head in her arms and stanching
the flow of blood until an ambulance arrived

Cora Lederer of 213 West Forty-third street.
Her dress and gloves were ruined.

 

+

MAY FIGHT RYAN PLAN.

Minority Stockholders Talk of Opposing
Equitable Trusteeship.

There may be some opposition on the
Part of the minority stockholders of the
Equitable to the mutualization of the so-
clety as planned by the Ryan policyholders’
group which bought 501 shares of James
Hazen Hyde's holdings in the society.

 

While nothing definite has been announced,
{t was said yesterday that some action

might be taken if Justice Maddox's de-
cision in the Franklin B, Lord suit is sus-
tained on appeal.

Any such action would be based on the
ground that the election of the twenty-
eight of the fifty-two directors by the
stock trustees would be a violation of the
Persons speaking

of such action, but that neither Mr. Hyde
nor the policyholders composing the pur-
chasing syndicate were at all concerned
over it.

The report that Mr. Hyde would not be

until the termination of the trust under
which the stook has been controlled since

was said, has already handed over the 501

mother and sister had in the stock was

ing between them and Mr. Hyde.
Several more of the Equitable’s general

terday and joined the force which has been
hanging around the Equitable Building for
two or three days trying to find out what

 

of advances. The agents, it was said
yesterday, are rallying around Gage E.
Tarbell and intend to make a stand to have
him retained at the head of the depart-
ment. They are going to hold a meeting
to-day or to-morrow and pass resolutions
asking for the retention of Mr. Tarbell.

The agenis, it was said yesterday, may
go so far as to declare that they would
resign if Mr. Tarbell was sacrificed. Per-
eons who have been opposed to Tarbell
all through the Equitable controversy
declared last night that Mr. Tarbell was
behind this movement onthe part of the
agents.

State Superintendent of Insurance Francis
Hendricks will come to town to-day
and resume his examination of the Equi*
table officers and directors. It is expected
that he will finish his work along these
lines by Tuesday. His report will probably
be made public the latter part of the week.

Paul Morton and T. P. Shonts left Jersey
City at 12:30 o'clock this morning for Wash-
ington.

STEEL DIRECTOR SUED.

August Heckscher Says William Edenborn
Wrongfay Gut $190,000 From Him.
A suit to recover $190,000 from William

 

the United States Steel Corporation, has
just come to light through an argument
before Justice Wilmot M. Smith of Pat-

change of venue from Suffolk to New York
county. August Heckscher, a corporation
director of New York city, is the complain-
ant. Besides his personal claim, the claims
of six other men are included in the suit.
They are Frederick H. Daniels of Worcester,
Mass.; Charles L. Miller of Pittsburg, T.
Edwards, C. Lott and Frank Baacker of
Chicago; Michael] Baacker of Germany and
the late Philip Atmoere of Worcester, Mass.

Mr. Heckscher declares he was wrongfully
induced by Edenborn to subscribe $50,000
toward a syndicate formed for the purchase
of the stock of the United States Coal and
Iron Company of Tennessee, with offices
in New York; that Edenborn used several
names as dummy subscribers to influence
Heckscher and that Edenborn was in reality
directly interested in the company, though
that fact wae unknown to the complainant.

The Heckscher suit was originally begun
in the United States Circuit Court for the
Eastern District, but on motion Judge
Thomas transferred the case to the New York
State Supreme Court. The change of venue
is desired by the complainants as most of
them do business in New York and it would
be more convenient for them to have the
case tried here.

 

GIRL STANCHED HIS WOUNDS.

Miss Lederer Supported Head of Man Who
Felt! From Car Till Ambulance Arrived.
Gustav Nerret, a shoemaker, fell from a

northbound Broadway car at Sixty-fourth

 

pavement. He was unconscious and blood
was flowing from his eyes and mouth.

A young woman, dressed in a black lace
gown and wearing long white gloves,
jumped off the car and ran to the man's
assistance. He was carried to the curb

from Roosevelt Hospital.
The young woman gave her name as Miss

 

MAN DIED IN HER FLAT.

Looks as if Acton Had Heart Disease, but
Mrs. Abel Is Locked Up. |

Mrs. Annie Abel ran up to Policeman |
Farley of the West 100th street station |
house with a cry for help yesterday morn- ;
ing. She was greatly excited, but she |
managed to let the cop know that there |
was a dying man in her flat on the |
second floor of 72 West 100th street, |
The policeman sent in an ambulance call |
|

|

ee i

 

to the J. Hood Wright Hospital, and then
went with Mrs. Abel to her flat.

- -On, atbed was lying the body of a man,

fully dressed, who, Mrs. Abel said, was
Joseph Acton of 388 Manhattan avenue.
Apparently he was dead. He certainly
was when Dr. Breed arrived from the hos-
pital. The physician expressed the off-
hand opinion that death was caused by
heart disease.

Mrs. Abel was asked to accompany the
officer to the West 100th etreet station,
and did so without demur. She said that !
she was a dresamaker, 48 years old. |

“I became acquainted with Mr. Acton,”
she said, “while doing work for his wife.
Since tbat time he has called on me a few
times. Yesterday morning he came in
about 8:40 o'clock. He complained of feel- |
ing ill and I helped him to the bed. He
kept pressing his hand to his heart and in |
a few minutes fell beek-motionless. That
was-about ‘fifteen minutes after he had
entered my fiat.”

Mre. Abel was detained as a_ witness |
pending examination by the Coroner.

Acton lived with his wife and two daugh-
ters in a second story flat at 388 Manhattan
avenue. Mrs. Acton told the police that
he left home about 8 o’clock in the morning,
apparently in good health,

NEW YORK,
{00 AUTOS IN FIERCE FIRE. asy SOON ASK FOR RECOGNITION.

 

 

LOSS ON DELIVERY AND RUBBER-
NECK WAGONS MAY BE $350,000,

 

Old Stage Stables at Oth Av. and 27th St,
Gutted—Belonged to Estate of Mayor
Grace—Elevated Train Panic—Police
Rescue 18 Horses—Fireman Overcome,

One hundred automobiles; electric de-
livery wagons and trucks owned by de-
partment stores afd wholesale houses
were ruined last night in a Gre which par-
tially destroyed the old four etory building
at the southwest corner of Ninth avenue
and Twenty-seventh street.

John T. Rainier, head of Rainier & Co.,
an automobile storage and repair concern,
which occupied the ground floor of the
building, placed the loss on the automobiles
at $350,000 in case it was total, and he eati-
mated the damage to his own plant at
about $75,000.

With the damage to the building and the
loss to the other concerns which occupied
it, the total, it was estimated early this
morning, will reach about half a million
dollars.

The autos belonged to H. B. Claflin &
Co., Tiffany's, McCreery’s, Stern Bros.,
Saks & Co., O'Neill's, Rothenterg and
other large houses that stored machines
there or sent them to the Rainier Company
for repairs. There were also five or six
sight-seeing automobiles of the emaller
class inthe place. They share the same
fate asthe others.

The condition of the building after the
fire was such that Acting Chief Binns of
the Fire Department, who was in charge,
could not tell whether all the machines
were destroyed or not, but he thought the
loss would be total, on account of the fierce
heat.

There were no private automobiles in
the company’s rooms and no gasoline
machines, according to Mr. Rainier. The
fire started on the ground floor, but ite cause
is a mystery.

A policeman discovered it about 10
o'clock last night. A second and third
alarm was eent in and finally a fourth.
Acting Chief Binns assumed charge at once
and directed the operations, using one of
the biggest water towers in the depart-
ment and fighting the flames from the
Ninth avenue elevated structure.

Before he ordered the trains estopped on
the elevated several ran through the dense
smoke that was pouring out of the building.
In one train the passengers were thrown
into apanic. Thinking that the train was
afire they made a stampede for the gates
and when the guards ordered them back
there was the liveliest kind of a fight.
Several cool headed men came to the as-
sistance of the train guards and after a
few eyes had heen blackened and a few
hats crushed the panic was etopped.

-

heard the neighing of horses in the cellar.
There were eighteen in etalla there owned
by the concerns that occupied the building.
Sergt. Coffey with two detectives, Glennon
and O'Donnell, wrapped wet clothe around
their heads and -went into the cellar.

They had a hard fight of it to get the
horses out, but they slashed the. haJter
ropes and led the frightened animals to
the runaway where police and firemen
got them and led them away. When Coffey
and the detectives got out of the cellar
they were in bad shape from tde smoke.

The flames drew a tremendous crowd,
whicb broke the fire lines and interfered
with the firemen. The police charged the
crowd and finally got them back behind
the lines. Smoke from the burning build-
ing filled Twent y-seventh street and literally
drove dwellers along that street out of their
hous’s and intotheair. #& +

The first firemen into the building found
William Wright, an employee of the auto-
mobile concern, unconscious on the floor.
Wright was asleep when the fire started
and woke up to find the rooms full of smoke
and the place red hot. The smoke finally
overcame him and he was nearer dead
than alive when the firemen dragged him
our.

Ov the roof the firemen found Daniel J-
Costigan, another watchman, who had
been driven there from the second floor
when he found he couldn't get out of the
lower part of the building. Costigan was
slightly burned about the hands and was
euffering from smoke,

The department hasn’t had a meaner
fire to whip in months on account of the
density of the smoke. Andrew O'Neil,
while handling a hose on the ground floor
wak overcome and dropped. He was
dragged out and sent to the New York
Hospital. Other firemen were forced to
quit after a few minutes in the building
and give way to reliefs.

The basement and second floor were
occupied by the Corbett Chair Company,
which suffered a heavy loss. The third and
fourth floors were used by the Sutro Braid-
ing Company. Their loss was compara-
tively slight, the fire chief sajd, the fire
confining itself to the lower floors for the
most part.

Fire Chief Binns placed the loss at about
$}00,000, but be did not figure on the value
of the automobiles that were destroyed,
The full amount of the loss cannot be de-
termined until the automobile people in-
vestigate and check up this morning.

The building was used years ago as a
stable by the old Ninth avenue and Broad-
way stage line. The property belongs to
the estate of the late Mayor William R.
Grace.

 

PAID $10 FOR HIS KISS.

 

Man Waplaid Gussie Cohen on the Factory
Stairway—She’s a Sprinter.

Gussie Cohen, a young girl who lives at
37 Clinton street, works, even on Sunday,
in a shirt waist factory at 21 East Eighth
street. The factory is on the seventh
floor,

As Gussie reached the third floor landing
on her way to work yesterday morning,
a man caught her in his arms and kissed
her. She struggled to free herself, but
di! not succeed until the kiss had been
perpetrated.

Then the man ran. Gussie followed
as fast as she could and reached the street

| just in time to see him skip on an Eighth

street trolley car going west. Near at hand

' was a cop and Gussie-called to him, “Catch

that man!”

The cop ran after the car and arrested
the culprit. He said his name was Jobn
Kennedy of 87 West Third street. In Jefferson
Market court Magistrate Finn fined him

 

$10.

See announcement tn dail rs of
summer change of time by be Ree York Canta
Lines, taking effect Sunday, June cd *

When the firemen got to the building they

|

 

 

en Norway Makes the Request This
Government Will Act Promptly.

WASHINGTON, June 11.—It is expected
that the United States Government will
soon be abked to recognize Norway as 4
nation, The announcement from Chris-
tiania that the Foreign Office of Norway
would be established and opened by June
15 is indicative that the time when the
United States will have to decide ia rapidly
approaching. No intimation of a desire
for recognition has reached the State De-
partment, but when it comes action will be
taken promptly. If President Roosevelt
should receive a diplomatic representative
of Norway it would constitute the recog-
nition of that country as an independent
nation.

It is not unlikely that this Government
will agree to a request for recognition.
First, however, there must be absolute
assurances that the new Government !s
stable and well established. Whether or
not King Oscar recognizes Norway will
make no difference to this Government.
It is thought here that anumber of European
nations will refuse to receive diplomatic
representatives from the newly formed
Government on account of the kinship of
King Oscar to their royal families.

DRANK IN NON-UNION SALOON!

Shocking Charge Against Men of the
Brotherbood of Painters.

James P. Archihald and L. Sanderman
of the District Council of the Brotherhood
of Painters were accused yesterday at the
meeting of the Central Federated Union
by Delegate Reichenbacher of the Waiters’
Union of going into a non-union saloon
when there was a union saloon at the op-
posite corner.

Delegate Reichenbacher saidthat if men
of such prominence in the labor movement
frequented non-union saloons it was a
sad commentary on the present state of
affairs. Archibald was not present. One
of the delegates remarked that this looked
suspicious. Sanderman was there, how-
ever, and made this explanation:

“I never go into non-union saloons, but
this was an exception. We were with the
national officers of the union at the time
and were going into the union sajoon when
they saw the saloon opposite 4nd remarked
that it looked nicer. They insisted on us
going there, and as a matter of courtesy
we went.”

No action was taken toward disciplining
the offenders.

 

 

 

JAPS BARRED FROM WARSHIPS,

Even Servants Not Allowed on Fleet During
the Naval Maneuvers.

Baltimore, June 1¥.—When the Hornet,
the flagship of the naval raserves, arrived
here Saturday she had aboard a Japanese
chef who is said to have been adept in
preparing palatable dishes. Yesterday
before the Hornet started out for the war
game the chef left. the vessel.

It developed that the Navy Department
has issued an order for the removal of a]!
foreigners from the fleet during the maneu-
vers. This order was directed especially
against the Japanese, of whom there are
quite a number in the ward and mess rooms
of the American warships.

The order was the result of a story told
by Admiral Evans upon his returm from
the Asiatic atation. Upon paying an of-
ficial visit to a Japanese battteship the
Admiral was surprised to find in the com-
mander a clever little Jap who had been his
servant when he was a Captain. This

opened the eyes of the Navy Department |

to the methods used by the Japs to learn
the secrets of naval warfare.

CRASH BEFORE HOTEL ASTOR.

Broadway and 7th Av. Cars Collide
— Young Woman Seriously Injured.

Three people were hurt in front of the
Hotel Astor vesterday afternoon when a
Broadway and a Seventh avenue ear col-
lided at Forty-fourth street and Broad-
wav, whererhe lines cross. Seventhavenue
car 2344, going north, slowed up to make
the crossing just as Broadway car 844 got
there from the north. The motormen,
apparently, did not notice that the cars had
got so close together

The Rroadway car hit the Seventh avenue
car slantingly. Neither car had many
people in it and those in the Broadway
car got the worst of the collision. They
were thrown against seata and hanged on
the floor. Windows were broken in both
cars and the crash of glass added to the
panic of the passengers. ,

Miss Sue B. Tyrrell, who lives at 220
West Forty-fifth street, was the worst hurt.
Her right leg was broken and her head was
cut and bruised. James Carew of
Weat Fifty-fifth street was bruised about
the arms and chest. E. W. Machet of 120
Liberty street suffered from bruises and
shock.

Alfred Pechart of 6 West 103d street,
passing in his automobile, saw that Miss
Tyrrel] was unconscious and needed at-
tention badly. He took her to Roosevelt
Hospital in his car at high speed. The others
were attended by the ambulance surgeon
and were able to go home.

No arrests were made. William Wrigley
of 420 West Twenty-sixth street, motor-
man of the Seventh avenue car, and Francis
Guchner of 124 West 109th street, motorman
of the Broadway car, said the accident
was unavoidable.

READY FOR FLEET'S ATTACK.

Fort Monroe Prepared to Do Its Part in the
War Game.

Fort Monroe, Va., June 11.—At midnight
to-night Fort Monroe was dark and silent,
but its big guns were ready for action and
every individual of tl@ fifty-one campanies
of Coast Artillery which man the fort was
in place ready for the expected attack of
the fleet under Admiral Dickens.

The navy and marine corps observers
and the umpires assigned to the station went
on duty early and will have little chance
for rest until the exercises are concluded
next Saturday at noon. The men who
maintain the lookout and those who are
in the range finder stations work in three
reliefs and the gunners and others in two.

The numerous searchlights flashed out
one by one shortly after midnight and the
watch for_the attacking fleet was com-
menced. The utmost secrecy is-still be-
ing maintained. There is no reason to be-
lieve that the land foroea know the where-
aboute of the fleet or anything concerning
its Pare

If such knowledge really exists here Col.
Potts, the commandant, will not permit
the fact to be known, and all other officers
are as eilent on that score as he. If the
fleet does not attack before morning the
inference wil] probably be that it ia still in
the upper waters of the bay and that the
chances wil] then favor a moveion the de-
fenses of Washington and Baltimore before
Fort Monroe is engaged.

 

257

 

 

MONDAY, JUNE 1 2,..1905.—copuriont, st, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

SAVED SIX FROM SAILBOAT,

STATEN ISLAND FERRY PASSEN-
GERS SEE A RESCUE,

 

 

Squall Capsized the Little Craft, in Which
Were Four Men, a Woman and a Girl
—Two of the Garrett’s Crew Bring
Them Back to Safety in a Lifeboat.

The, 6:35 o'clock trip of the ferryboat
Robert Garrett from Staten Island last night
was a lively one, and the big crowd of pas-
sengers had something to talk about for
the rest of the evening. The Garrett was
crowded when she left the dock at Staten
Island; and as she pulled out the passen-
gers saw an ugly looking bluck patch of
cloud coming from Jersey way.

Skirting the Staten Island shore were a
number of emall sailboats. The boat
furthest from shore on the port side of the
Garrett contained four men, a woman and
a child. The boat seemed overcrowded
and everybody on the Garrett kept his eyes
on it and speculated what would happen if a
squall struck it.

The Garrett was about “half a mile
from her Staten Island dock when the
squall came. The first good gust of wind
turned the little sailboat completely over.
The six occupants dropped out of sight and
remained under for what seemed at least
five minutes to those on the ferryboat.

When the gailboat flopped every one
on the port side of the ferryboat stood
up and crowded to the rail. Those on the
starboard side and those in the cabins ran
across, Everybody seemed to be yelling,
and to rake matters worse the big ferry-
boat careened.

That scared the women folks more than
the upsetting of the sailboat. A dozen
women fainted and the cries of their escorts,
husbands and children didn't lessen the
din. The crew of the boat ran among the
passengers and Special Officer William
Henry aseisted in trying to calm them.

Capt. William Cole of the Garrett saw
that it was up to him to go to the rescue
and gave the signal to stop. By the time
the bell was heeded the ferryboat was fully

two city blocks away from the overturned
| sailboat. Meantime the passengers had
seen the four men come to the surface,
bringing the woman and child with them.
The men, who were good swimmers, lifted
|} the woman to the keel of the upturned boat
and put the little girl] where she could get
hold of the rudder. Then the four men di-
vided, two clinging to each side of the boat.

In this way the sailboat drifted astern of
the ferryboat and toward the warship
anchorage at Tompkinsville. On the ferry-
boat the excitement had lessened to euch an
extent that the passengers began to cheer
when they saw that Capt. Cole was making
efforts to launch the lifeboat. It wasn’t
long before the boat was in the water with
James Considine and James Rachel, two of
the crew, at the oars.

Considine and Rachel made goed time to
the sailboat. The four men in the water
were still strong and they lifted the woman
on the keel into the lifeboat. From the
ferryboat it was impossible to see the little
girl hanging to the rudder.

“The child is drowned!” some one yelled.

Thereupon a few more women on the
ferryboat became hysterical and fainted.
The little girl wasn't drowned. She was
simply holding on to the stern of the sail-
boat, but out of sight of the passengers.
She was taken aboard the lifeboat, the four
! men climbed in and the lifeboat started
| back for the Garrett.

The six rescued persons weretaken aboard
the ferrvboat. As many of the passengers
as there was room for on the lower part
of the ferryboat crowded around. They
congratulated the rescued, who didn't
seem to enjoy the flurry they had caused,

The little girl expressed the sentiments
of her mother and the four,men when she
said to a woman passenger who insisted
on hugging her, wet clothes and all: “Oh,
please don’t get excited.”

The rescued stuck to the engine room
all the rest of the trip trying to get their
clothing dry. They told Capt. Cole that
they were Henry Jernghorn and wife and
Mary Smith of Bay Ridge; John Hansen
and Carl Osborn of Stapleton, Staten Island,
and Alfred Anderson of Brooklyn.

Jerughorn owned the sailboat, and the
party had started from Bay Ridge. They left
for their homes when the Garrett arrived
here, half an hour overdue.

 

 

CECIL SMITH DROWNED.

Fis Boat Upset Of Bay Ridge—A Com.
panion Saved.

Cecil Smith, 22 years old, a machinist, of
an? Union street, Brooklyn, and hls friend
Richard Mayer, 14 years old, of 530 Hicks
street, rowed a boat from Red Hook Point
to Bay Ridge yesterday. When off Fifty-
seventh street the boat was upset by a
wave and Smith and Mayer were thrown
into the water. The former was drowned.

Capt. Charles Rodenweis of the bark
Jacob A. Stamler, who witnessed the acci-
dent, put out in a small boat and rescued
Maver. He tried hard, but failed to save
Smith.

MISSED MARK; KILLED BoY.

“Hold Up Your Bat for a Mark,'’’ Said
Levded, and Deaken Did So.

Henry Deaken, 19 years old, of 209 Cres-

cent street, Long Island City, was shot
| and almost instantly killed yesterday morn-
| ing by Joseph Levded, 14 years old. The

shooting is believed to have been accidental.
| Levded is locked up at the rooms of the
| Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
| Children in Brooklyn and will be arraigned
| this morning.

Both boys were at a baseball game at
| Paynter avenue and the Boulevard in Long
Ieland City yesterday morning. A scratch
game was in progress and not more than
fifty or sixty persons, mostly boys, were
there. Levded had a .22 caliber six shooter,
with which he had been amusing himeelf.
He fired all but one cartridge and then
called to Deaken to hold up a bat for him
to hit. Deaken held the bat out at about
half arm's length with the thick end up.
Levded fired at the bat, but the bullet
struck Deaken in the right temple and
penetrated the brain. He was dead before
Ambulance Surgeon Ring arrived from
St. John's Hospital.

The shooting angered the players, with
whom Deaken was popular, and Levded
might have been harmed but for the pres-
ence near by of several men, one of whom
was a former policeman. They cared for
the boy until the police arrived. Detec-
tives Pendergast and Kennedy took him
away. He eaid that the shooting was
accidental and those about agreed that
there had been no quarrel, but that Levded

bad been shooting recklessly

 

 

 

|

OB wre

osm

Showers

e

  
  

Monpar, Jone 12, 1905, 7
this morning; fair to-m

‘

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

MINT RUNS OUT OF WORK.

No Ballton on Hand tn Philadelphia to Be
Cotned.

PHILADELPHIA, June 11.—There is s0
much silver coin in the Sub-Treasury that
Congress has not seen fit to send any ad-
ditional] silver bullion to this city for coin-
age, and asa result of this condition Supt.
Landis has notified all employees of the local
mint that work in all departments will be
suspended on Monday next until further
orders.

The mint is usually shut down for re-
pairs every summer, but it was said to-day
that the suspension of operations would
extend this year over a much longer period.
The supply of silver at the mint is practi-
cally exhausted,

$1,750,000 FOR PRINCETON.

 

  
   
    
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
  

 

 

Theological Seminary Settles Winthrop

Will Dispute.

PRINCETON, June 11,—It has been an-
nounced that a settlement has been made
between the Princeton Theological Semi-
nary and the heirs of the late Mrs, Mary J.
Winthrop whereby the seminary receives
about $1,750,000. Since the death of Mrs.
Winthrop three years ayo her heirs have
been contesting the will by which she left
the bulk of her estate to the seminary.

 

WON'T FINE STREET WOMEN.

Magistrate Finn Says It Is Simply Levying
a Tax Upon Vice.

The number of women arraigned before
agistrate Finn in Jefferson Market court
yesterday morning was unusually large.
It was Battery Dan's firet Sunday in Jef-
ferson Market and he was shocked and
surprised. A majority of the women were
liberated.

At the end of the session eome one told
the Magistrate that next Sunday he prob-
ably would not have to deal with so many
cases because the police wouldn't arrest
women knowing they would be let go.

“I hope not,” replied Magistrate Finn.
“I don't like to see them here. I think
it is an outrage to fine them, because in the
end it is levying a tax upon them—in other
words is taxing vice. Certain evils must
always exist. Women of this class should
be colonized.”

 

 

SHOT BY A WOMAN.

Accident tn a Coney Island Shooting Gal
lery—Woman Arrested.

A young man who said he was Joseph
Ryan, 23 years old, of Ulmer Park, was
shot in the head at a shooting gallery on
the Bowery at Coney Island at 1 o'clock
this morning with a bullet from a rifle held
by a young woman who says she ia Sylvia
Steadman of 110 West Thirty-ninth street.

Miss Steadman and Camille Russell, who
lives with her, along with Ryan, were in
front of the rifle range and Miss Steadman
was shooting at a target when she suddenly
turned toward Ryan and he fell with a bullet
wound in his head.

Capt. Dooley was near and he eent Ryan
to the Emergency Hospital on the island.
Miss Steadman and Miss Russell were ar-
rested. Mies Steadman eays the shooting
was accidental. Ryan's condition is serious

ge
ARTIST WEBER INSANE,

 

Attacked His Wife With a Hatchet—In a
Padded Cell.

-Fritz Weber, 30 years old, an artist of
considerable reputation, went insane on
Saturday night while at the supper table
with his wife in their home at 834 Waverley
avenue, Newark. He jumped up, seized
a hatchet and, after locking a door, started
for his wife with the upraised weapon,
declaring he would kill her. She managed,
however, to escape by a rear door.

Policamen found Weber raving about
the house, destroying paintings, vases
and other things with his hatchet. He
refused to admit them, and they got in by
windows, having to smash the glass. He
was captured and put in a padded cell at
the police headquarters.

Mrs. Weber says her husband has heen
slightly unbalanced for some time, but that
ahout a week ago he began to act 80 queerly
that sheand the other members of the house-
hold became afraid of him.

WOMAN WORKED IN MAN'S GARB,

Made a Better Living That Way, but the
Police Put a Stop to It.

PirtsBrRG, June 11.—Mrs. Elizabeth
Keshcacher, 28 years old, was hrought
before Police Magistrate Abernathy in
Allegheny to-day charged with masquerad-
ing in male attire. She had been working
at the Evergreen dairy recently, but pre-

 

 

 

Cumberland.

She said she was born in Berne, Switzer-
land, and had married a man at Canton,
Ohio. Sbe had been deserted by her hus-
hand and told the Magistrate that she had
assumed male attire and sought work
because she received better wages than a
woman could and she was able to do the
same work as the men with whom she
associated.

The Magistrate reprimanded her and
advised her hereafter to wear woman's
apparel. A number of boys had discov-
ered her masquerading last night and had
driven her to the police station for pro-
taction.

LEAPT FROM FAST TRAIN UNHURT

Frank Markoe of New York Escapes While
on Way to Sanitarium,

PHILADELPHIA, June 11.—While the train
was moving at the rate of forty miles an
hour last night a man who the police say
is Frank Markoe, 28 years old, of New
York, leaped from the window of a Pullman
car on a Washington express near South
Street Bridge.

Track men who saw him say he alighted
on his feet like a cat and was apparently
uninjured. He had energy enough to

 

 

bank of the railroad and disappear.

| According to the information given the
| police Markoe is a New Yorker who has
been in failing health. Lately he had heen
in Virginia with a member of his family.
His health did not improve and Markoe
| was being brought to a sanitarium here for
treatment.

He is described as of dark complexion
with a light mustache and about 5 feet 11
inches in height.

The young man isa son of Frank Markoe,

who was Colonel of the Fifth Maryland.
He belongs in Baltimore.

 

 

GIFTS FOR GRADUATES.

Among the many articles sultable for those
| who are about to launch out on a business or pro-
! fessional career there {s nothing that is more prarc-
! tical than a Waterman's Idea) Fountain Pen. Beware

of spuriousand fraudulent Imitations of the Water-
man Rens L.E, WATERMAN CO,, 13 Bway, N.Y.

 

vious to that in the Wabash tunnel near |

scramble over a freight train, climb to the |

FLOOD TIES UP THE SUBWAY,

TOOK 4 1-2 HOURS TO SHUT OFF
WATER FROM BROKEN MAIN.

 

Private Citizen McCluskey Did It Long
After Tracks Were Awash, Trains Had
Stopped, Passengers Had Been Doused
or Penned in Stalled Airtight Cars.

Four hours and a half after a break in
| a 48 inch water main that put the subway
out of business yesterday afternoon, Frank
McCluskey showed where the gate was
with which to shut off the flood. McCluskey
is not in the Department of Water Supply,
but works for the Degnon Contracting
Company. The resources of thes depart-
ment which the police succeeded in invoking
consisted of a foreman of repaira and an
assistant foreman, who couldn't find the
gate.

For similar emergencies in the future this
tin may be useful: Ask John E. McKay.
He is the principal assistant engineer
of the Croton Water Bureau, and lives at
424 West 147th street, and he keeps maps
at his house, showing the gates. Nobody’
but a reporter told him of the break.

The big pipe broke in Park avenue in
front of the new Hotel Belmont at 8:10
P. M. At 5:50 P. M. the water in the sub-
way after slopping into the open windows
of the cars and ruining many spring dresses
had risen 80 as to-wash the third rail in that
neighborhood and all the power was ordered
off south of Ninety-sixth street. After
three-quarters of an hour, during which
Many passengers on express trains had
heen imprisoned between stations, a shuttle
service was put in north of Seventy-second
street and south of Fourteenth street.
At 7:40 P. M., when McCluskey shut off the
water, the subway tracks were flooded
from Forty-second street to Thirty-fourth
street andan electric pump was busy throw-
ing the water out. At midnight the men
who were at work 1epsiring damagea said
that it would be 2 o'clock inthe morning
before through tra‘ns would be running.

PUMP DOES TKE BEST IT CAN,

The break of 89 largea water pipe flooded
at once the entire west side of Parkavenue
between Forty-first and Forty-second street.
and closed it totraffic. The first man todo
anything about it was Police Sergeant
Sullivan of the Grand Central substation,
who at 320 P. M. notified Police Head-
quarters, which in turn notified the Water
Department. That department notified
the East Thirty-seventh street repair sta-
tion and about an hour later Michael Ma-
bady and Michael Bambrick, two laborers,
came in a wagon to the Forty-first street
end of the flood. They looked in vain for
the right gate to close. They went about
from one gate to another and shut it off.
But the little geysers in the street flood
played on unconcernedly.

The gutters were torrents; a fine flood
ran down Murray Hill into Forty-second
street, the trolley troughs at Forty-second
and Park avenue were filled; and in the
subway the electric pump threw two six
inch streams back into Park avenue at
Forty-first street’ witbout! visible effect.
Showers of mud and water fell through
the open windows of the subway trains
as they passed Forty-first street

CAR WINDOWS ORDERED SHUT.

Stationmaster Lee notified General Mana-
ger Frank T. Hedley, who gave orders over
the telephone that all car windows be shut
before the trains passed. The order was
obeyed literally, even when trains were
stopped altogether. At 3:40 o'clock Mr.
Hedley himself came down and socn after
him Chief Engineer Dale of the subway.
Mr. Hedley called up Police Headquarters
and was put on the wire of the Water Dee
partment. That department, in reply to
his appeal that the main he shut off, told,
him men had been sent. The men meant
wera the two laborers.

POWER SHUT OFF FOR SAFETY.

At 5:50 P. M. the water had gained in the
| subway to such an extent that at Forty-
| first street, just where the express tracks
| begin to dip helow the surface of the local

tracks, the third rai! and the tracks were

awash.
| Engineer Dale was down there when
the water shortecircuited the current close:
by his feet with a burst of fire that singed
his hair. It became dangerous to operate
trains and Mr. Hedley ordered the power
shut off from City Hall to Ninety-sixtn

 

|

street,
At this time he again called up the Water
Department, and was told that another
| gang of men had been sent up. But no~

| body saw that gang.

ON THE STALLED TRAINS.

| The pump kept working away, but the

| water gained. It poured in at two places
from the roof at Forty-first street, it oozed
in thin streams like a shower bath from
the walls and ran down hill until at Thirty-
eighth street, also, a section of track about
three hundred feet long, stood under water.

Mr. Hedley ordered at about 6:30 P. M,
that trains be run between City Hall station
and Fourteenth street and from Seventy-
second street north.

The lights in the stalled teins between
Fourteenth and Seventy-second streets
were turned off. Most of the local trains
stalled were near stations and the passen-
gers were permitted to get off. Three
trains between Fiftieth street and Grand
Central station were stalled between sta-
tions and the passengers were kept in them
for forty minutes or more before they were
allowed to get out and walk along the track
to the nearest station.

BWEATED NEARLY AN HOUR IN A STALLEKO
TRAIN.

The passengers on a southbound Lenox

avenue express got their first news that
something was wrong when the train stut-
tered to a stop about three blocks north
jof the Columbus Circle station, about
| 6:50. Without any explanations to the pase
sengers, the guards went through each car
and closed every window. In five minutes
every passenger was wiping his brow and
wondering. Trips discovery to the
front car yielded no news about the trouble,

One by one the men passengers pulled
off their coats while the women looked en-
viously at them. At last a spirit of re-
bellion made itself felt. Without asking
the guards, the sweltering travellers yanked
down the windows themselves. That
brought slight relief. The air in the tunnel
outeide the cars was a little less stuffy than
within

The men in one car talked seriously of
organizing a vigilance committee. Ona
solemn faced young man, moved by tho
sight of a girl who had began to cry over
a lost engagement, stepped up to a Sun
reporter who'd about given up hope of

getting out, and said:
| “Ain't theresome way we can make them

d

sf
or