LXVIL—NO, 227,

a

Vl.
Panis THE WORLD'S HOST.

   

prrosttioN OFFICIALLY OPENFD,
per iv Is ONLY A SHELL NOW,

United States Ballding Very Disappointing tn
Unasoal Display of Architectnral
Heaaty~ Pablic Will Be Admitted To-day
Though the Interiors of Few Batldings
are Completed Parts Celebrates Opening.

Specta! Cable Despatch to THP SUN.

Panis, April 14,—Franoe has furnished to-
day atienst a temporary guarantee of peace,
ani itis an assurance which wae sadly needed,
gyoh fp the most Important significance of the
broliant function Im the Salle des Fétes and
the way festivitios In which the whole city
participated
nT he Exposition, which has been opened with
the greatest éclat, {s @ mere shell, But the
yugural ceremony Was not the faree which
ice Into great buildings and stumbling
bricks and mortar would sug-
The simple formalities which
attende ! the event were almed chiefly to pro-
cla.m that France was in ao attitude of calm,
frien tly good will toward all the world ata
ti va when all the world was apprehensive of
an impending disturbance,

It {s not inappropriate to announce just here
tho reassuring fact that withlia a few days an
understanding has been reached between the
Governments of this country and Great Britain,
The ordinary diplomatic procedure has been
y set uside and a frank interchange of

ey' an
anork®

geet

wis
yiews has taken place, which has largely
cleared away mutual suspicions of warlike tn-
tent:ons.

‘Touay’s event, therefore, took place in a
wlogrer politteal as well as phyaical atmosphere
yi the eelebration of the century's progress
was begun under a better augury than seemed
possible a month ago,

ONLY THE EXTERIOR PRESENTABLE.

It was only by wonderful energy that France
was able to throw open to-day the great ineti-
tution Which eannot yet be described as
a international exposition, It would not

pol.te to examine too closely
tha many Gecorations or most of the
rerlors. In fact, the exhibition ts open only tn
jrecxterior aspect, bur this is quite Imposing
enough to satiafy the most voracious sightseer
oobis first vistt, The bewildering vartety of
orchitecture was quite sufficient to absorb the
attention of the privileged 15,000 who attended
the opening ceremony aud afterward made a
tour of the grounds,

President Loubet’s words announcing the
inauguration of the great show could not have
been uttered under more auspictous con-
ditions, The cold, cheerless, almost wintry
spring gave place to a bright. warm, perfect
(\prilday, Notonly the exhibition grounds, but
ol Paris was gay with bunting and the flags of
al! nations,

On the Salle des Fétos, at the furthest ex-
tremity of the Champ de Mars, whore the In-
ruguration ceremony took place, there was &
thlendid scene when President Loubet ar-
ive], escorted by M. Millerand, the French
Minister of Commerce; M, Picard, the Com-

a

missioner-General of the Exposition, and the |
*hief officiala, Besides the members of the

Diplomatie Corps, Senators and Deputies,
there were present 14,000 other invited guests,

The wives and friends of high functionaries

occupied seats In special galleries, In the same
places there was @ great chorus which began

inging the “Marseillalse” as President Loubet
entered the building,

It was Impossible to use the prenidential
tribune because the paint on the chair was atill
wet, A temporary tribune was improvised, be-
low which the President entered while the
orchestra and military bands p'eyed ‘Marche
sonellenne,” written for the occasion by Mase
senet, Then followed the forma! handing over
oftho exhibition to the head of the State by M.
Millerand.

THE BIG AHOW OFFICIALLY OPENED.
M. Millerand, who, 9s is well-known, is a So-

cial st, dealt largely in generalties, He com-
pomented Commissioner-General Pleard and

his staif on the auccesaful issue of their labora,
He thanked the representatives of foreign
Governments for the codperation of their
countries, which, he declared, had made it
for a visitor to the Exposition to
revily make a tour of the world {n a few min-
lite

Hoe spoke eloquently of the various races of
mankind as of one brotherhood. He eutogized
lons eeonomie revolution whien had
d team and electricity and was grad-
wally ousting flesh and blood. Machinery, ha
rail, Was destined to beeome the queen of the
world, Afterward M. Millerand branched out
onthe doctrine of the solidarity of mankind,
He ulvocated the necessity of bettering the
condition of the poor, overcoming igno-
rance and conquer.og misery, and closed with
& peroration on the honor of labor.

PRES /DENT LOUBET'S SPEECH,

Rerlying, President Loubet said: “In conven-
‘ng the Governments and peoples of the world
tomake with us a eynthesia of human handi-
work the French Republic has thought notonly
Cfassem| ling here tho visible marvela of tho
earth and renewing onthe borders of the Seine
the courtesy, hospitality and elegance of ear-
Herrenown, Ourambition is higher. It goes
Inflnitely heyond the éclat of passing f6tes anl
‘enot limited by whatever patriotic sati<fac-
tion we may fee! to-day by the promotion of the
Gmour propre and our material interests.

Froneo wished to make a brillfant contribu-
tion to the cause of concord among the na-
tions, She has striven conscientiously for the
Rood of the world at the end of thia noble
century, In whieh, alas, the vietory over error
And hate snot complete, but which leaves us
§living faith in human progress and tho {nsti-
tutlons of social eeonomy which here occupy a
Aree piece, They will stamp this Exposition

possible

the mary

mod
produced

 

l
|

|

| ance in publio,

 

'

 

|

Saspeclal character by making known to us |

What each State Is doing to perfect the art of

ei soclety, They will make the 1900 Ex.
* "100 & reat schoo! of mutual instruction,
é itis, without doubt, a striking spectacle,
bhysieal world and subduing nature to unpre-
feConted combinations from which we extract
rowhing idvantages aod ethical anjoyments,
Burt, alt? ‘ugh genius dominates mere mater al,
# infor] The highest
yeanno’ be indicated {n the num-
‘ourcatalogue, Itis visibleonly tothe
= al sense, Tt is realized when the highest
nl f thes efforts like the machines

iv

I
,

r to Justice ond viriue,
'heau

eIO NILE
se uleories, are animated with one come
“Mouve and sentiment of unity. Itake

peas

ie | eclaring that all Governments
Tender hormage to this superior law.

And it will not be the least result of this
= , ‘ouree of good will that, although
suse ateltes have agitated the industrial and

Homie wor'ds, (ha people have never failed
©putinthe front rank the efforts and means

*Teveve suffering, toorganize help, tospread
‘dee, to liuprove conditions of jabor and

_ssure penslous in old age.
‘ress to those Governments whoso help
eeu valuable a cordial greeting. I
* . ae «distinguished. representatives,
} Mave been enlightened assistants in

Abr ennai s
shar mmon task and have taken a yoneral
hare {n our success

Tau
t

we a
* Must we forget our engineers, our

Five States in Five Hours,

re Limited.” beautiful, swift and sure
¥ York South Ferry and foot of Libe:ty
re M., arrives Washington SPM, Ex-
yo Ad Cafe Car Service. Royal Blue
Washington leave South Ferry 8 10, 11:30
fies Limited), 4:55, 5:55 P.M.
‘herty street at 8.10, 11:30 A, M.
Limited), 5, 6 P, af, and 12:18

The

pa22t_,

thas

if, 1 4
120 night

1:90, 3 iy oy ab
Ado.

E:

knowledge disciplining the forces ofthe .

NEW

architects, our artists, our contractors, nor our
workmen, who, guided by the eminent man
whom M. Millerand hae justly praised, have
successfully completed, in spite of trying uiff-
culties, this colossal under taking and ata pres
arranged hour delivered it in all complete-
ness,

“Gentlemen, this harmontous work of peace
and progress, however evanescent its decora-
tions, will not have been fn vain, The friendly
meoting of the Governments of the wor!d will
not be barren.

“Lam convinced that, thanks to the constant
reiteration of certain generous thoughte which
have been withtheexpiring century resohoed,
that the twentieth centusy will sea somewhat
more of brotherhood shining out over fewer
miseries of all kinds and ere long we shall
have advanced an important step, though the
labor is slow, in our progress toward the hap-
piness of humanity.

“Under these auspices and with this hope, I
declare the Exposition of 1900 open.”

DIPLOMATIO BECEPTION AND TOUR OF THE
GROUNDS. 4

The chorus sang a hymn to Victor Hugo by
Saint Suens and the orchestra and the bands
played a “Marche Héroique” by Théodore
Dubois,

This concluded the opening ceremony and
the President and Cabinet ministers proceeded
to an adjoluing reception room, in which had
been hung the priceless Gobelin tapestries,
which are, perhaps, the finest heirlooms that
France possesses. Here the Diplomatio Corps
and the Chief Commissioners to the exhibition
from foreign countries were presented to the
President.

A tour of the grounds followed. The Presi-
dential party proceeded up the main avenue

along the Seine, Without entering any build-
ings they went tothe Pont D'léna and took a
boat to the new bridge of Alexander lII. They
crossed this magnificent bridge and traversed
the Avenue Nicolas II. where there was the
most imposing sight of the whole exhibition,
Afterward the President and the members of
the Cabinet returned to the Elysée.

EXPOSITIONS ARCHITRCTURAL BEAUTY.

The principal ceremony called out a cordial
if not enthuslastic demonstration from the
crowd that assembled in the vast auditortum,
It was surprising how well the words of both
speakers could be heard {np one of the largest
ha'ls ever designed for hearing the huinan
voice, Itisa magnificent bullding both within
und without, and there was nothing to suggest
that it was full of workmen and scaoliiug
only two days ago, except dozens of chinks
which admitted daylight through the half
finished roof,

The passage of the Presidentia! party to the
river and thence by a series of steamboats to
Alexander bridge was witnessed by a great
multitude, There were no loud plaudits nor
any of the seditious cries with which President
Loubet is sometimes greeted on his appear-
To-day ho was saluted with
respectful doffing of hats

Crowds of foreign official ‘attendants lined
the river as the Presidential boat passed what
suddenly revealed itself as the most maguif-
icent panorama in the world, The Spanish,
Hungarian and other musicians playe! tho
gational alra of the.r countries a@ the boats
passed, while in front of tha Ameriean Build.
ing the attendants saluted the Presidential
barge by waving immense Freneh and
American flags.

It is impossible to describe in brief space che
stupendous architectural display which to-day
waa really seen for the firat time, for ft was
only late lasc night f + the ugly scaffolding
was finally swept away.

There isastriking general contrast to the
World's Falr at Chicago, There were many
magnificent structures in the samo dazzling
white seen on the shore of Lake Michigan, but
a distinctive feature of this exhibition is that
it is the first general attempt by eminent archi-
tects to use external color freely in decoration.
The effect, on the whole, {8 tasteful and pleas-
ing. Italy, which possesses the finest of all
the foreign edifices, has been especially euc-
cessful in this respect.

AMERICAN BUILDING DISAPPOINTING

The American building, with its great dome
without flanking wings as originally designed,

is huddled between two others and stands asa .

veritable eyesore. It {s surmounted by a
caricature of the natfonal bird, which looks
like a bedraggled wet hen trying to dry ita
wings In the enn, Insido there {ts plenty of
wet paint and a big American flag

PARIS CELEBRATES,

To-night Paris was given over to merrymak-
ing. The Government requested that there
should be a general {illumination and {4te and
the suggestion was enthusiastically responded
to. All ordinary fétes were eclipsed and the
boulevards looked as bright as day. Musto
atande were erected on the aide streets and
thousands of people danced on the pavements,

The elty ia already crowded (0 an unexpected
extent, and, altogether, it must be admitted
that the Exposition has been inaugurated moat
auepiciously.

To-morrow the public will be admitted to the
exhibitfon grounds for the first time and on
Tuesday the work of the preparation of the
exhibits will begin In earnest.

NoT A POOR MAN’S SH0W.

A month or six weeks hence Parla will be
well worth crosaing half the world to ses, But,
and this but is a very large one, | tevery
viaitor come with his or her pockets weli lined
with cash. This is no. poor man’s show ind
only the jrell-toedo need expect to patronize
the las’ Wor'd's Fair of the century with com-
fort and pleasure,

Wasniveton, April 14 —President MeKiniey
sent the foillow'ng cablegram to the President
ofthe preneb Hepub! cin honor of the opening
of the aris Exposition:

Wasarnoton, D. C., April 14, 1990,
“The President of the French Republic, Paris:

“In the name of the American peop!e,and on

behalf of the Government of tha Unired
States, I congratulate the Government
of the Nepublie and the brepeh
nation on this augspicfous fnanguration

ofa groat enterprise, whose beneficent mis-
siou is to draw closer the ties of intercourse
that join all countries to their mutual advan

tue. Wituram McKiyvyy,”
TO DISMANTLE THE EXPOSITION,
Chicago Firm Gets the Contract to Tear

Down the Parls Show Bulldings.

CHIcaGco, April 14.—Not only was the Paris
Exposition formally opened to-day, but official
arrangements for lis funeral were completed.
Contracts for the dismantling and razing of Ex-
position buildings have been made beiween tho
Exposition authorities and the Chicago House
Wrecking Company, which tore down the build-

ings left after the close of the Columbian Expo-
stoe and also those of the Omaha Exposition
Manager A. Rothschild said to-day that the deal
with the Exposith n people had been under dis-
cussion for two mouths, agents o/ the tira having
gone over the ground, computed the amount of
work in eight and submitted eetimates which have
finally met with the approval of both partes

to the contract, which was signed to-day,
“We went over the finished buildings at Paris
carefully and also over the plans and estimates

for the unfinished structures,” sald Mr. Rothachild.
“Careful computation showed that there would
he something like 75,000,000 feet of lumber avail-
able after the big show, with great quantities of
stone and brick, and of structural and architee-
tural iron. At the Chicago and Omaha expo-

, Plains

| Yonkers

sitions there were thousands of statues and mis- |

cellaneous articlos, all of which found ready mar
ket, and there will be even more of such trifles at
Paris. They, however, cut gmall figure in our
calculations. What we are after is the wood and
iron.
“Bear inmind, lumber is much dearer in France
than in America, and we can sell every etick at
a higher fisrure than would be possible in this
country. Ut can easily be seen what a prize the
buildings of the Paris Rxposition willbe, Jam not
at libe-ty to make any statement as to the exact
ims involved.”

On Either Side of Lake Erie,

 

|
}
|

  

 

     

TRUCE.AT THE CROTON DAM,

TWO MILITIA COMPANIES TO ASSEM-
BLE IN ARMORIES.

 

 

Not to Go te the Dam Until Further Orders
~The Italian Consul Takes Part in a Gen-
eral Conference at the Works—Telegram
From Governor Roosevelt to Gen, Roe.

Croton Linptna, N. Y., April 14—The
strike among the Italian employees on the
new Croton dam for an increase of wages,
which has been in progress for nearly two
weeks, assumed an ugly look this morn-
ing, and Sheriff Molloy hurried away
from the scene to the county seat at
White Plains to cull out the two
compantes of Natlonal Guard under his im-
mediate control, Before he could do more
than take the preliminary steps for bringing
soldiers upon the ground the conditions
changed and to-night the forces on either aide
are bound by the conditions of a truce and all
present chance of violence seems to have
paased away.

This desirable state of affairs is due large'y
to the efforts of Giovanni Branohi, the Ituliau
Consul General in New York, who waa called
upon to exert his fufluence to bring about an
Agreement between tho men and brenman &
Coleman, the contractors for the building of the
dam, The trouble {is due to a demand of
the men for greater pay. They have been
working ten hours a day for $1.25 a day, and
they demanded $1.50 for eight hours’ work.
There are employed on the works about 400
Ttalians and about 200 men of other nation-
allties, The latter are employed largely ja
the more responsib!o plaves and are taking
no part in the aetrike, They hold thom-
selves ready to go to work at any time
but {t is belleved by people of the locality that
their sympathies are largely with the Italian
strikers, Of the Italians about oneshalf are
employed on the work at the dam, and the
others at the quarry where the stone
for the dam = {s got out, about three
miles from the dam, A large nuuwber
of these Italians have been engaged
on the work for years and they expect to cons
tinue at it until the work 1s finished. Many of
these have bought plota of land near the!r
work on the hill tops which look down upon
the dam at the quarry and hive bullt houses
for themselves. Others have formed a sett!e-
ment nearthe dam onthe matin road leading
to it, which i# known as the Bowery, where
they run boarding houses for the unmarried
laborers and saloons,

One of thess men, Marcello Rotella, is the
principal leader and spokesman for the strik-
era, There is a working railroad which runs
from the works at the dam down the Croton
River a half mile over the spoll banks to the
west and from the works to the quarry
in the hills, Coal, cement and other
heavy supplies for the work are
teamed up from Croton Landing to the
spo | tanke end of this road and then taken by

train to where they are needed. Coal was
reeded thia morning to operate the pumping
works atthe dam, which have to be kep! going
day and night, and at 7:30 o'elock this morn.
{ng orders were given tor an engine to
«QO down and bring up some care of coal ly.
ing ready. ‘lhe atrikera suw the engine
eome out, and thinking that the con-
tractors were about w try to start up
without making a persemens with them,
eer swarmed out of the houses on the hill
and down the hillside toward the works, They
came armed with elube, stouaes, shotguns and
revolvers, Many women were in the erovd
arith their husbands and were aa active ay ih»
men, ‘no gineer Jacoby had no sooner got
his enatne out than tt was surrounde!. They
threatened to kill him then and there ff he
tried to_rum the engine, The handful of
doputy sheriffs who were present were power-
less to drive off the crowd, and they and
Jacoby decided to give. up the atienpt
Javoly leit the qnqine and then the Italians
retired to the hilltop, but leit a guard on
watch to prevent a furtherattempt. Aboutthe
middle of the forenoon Consul Branch: arrived.
He went among the men and tried W persuade
them to returnto work, but they refused. Then
he held a long consultation with Mr, Brennan,
gad later Francia Delehanty, one of the
tate Board of Labor Arbiirat ora, Joined the
party. Mr. Go ldsborough, the superioten-

! dent of the works,and:Charles Freeman,the un-

der sheril? who was in comman4 of tie

eputies
tuok part in the conference

Mareelio Rotella

was present and represented the wen, Consul
General Branchi tried his best to bring about a
settlement of the atrike, but tie best
he could do was to get the inen
‘o agree to aenept Af fteun-hour dev
with $1.50 wages while the contractors would
only agree to concede $1.50 a day and |
thet only to first-class drillers. Then !
he euggested that all hands should cn
ter info a_ truce, pending further

bogotiations, The contractors agreed not to
attempt (Oo put new men at work during this
time and the nen agreed not to makes any dis-
tarhances boro do any damngo tothe works
on the dam jome terms were accepied and
Mr. Branchi returned to New org. ,

It isexpected that further negotiations wil! be
carried on to-day and many predict that tho
trouble will Le settled by the company ac-
cepting the teu-hour day at $1.50. Phe rape
reseutatives of the eompany assets, however,
that they will resume work on Monday
morning whe:her or no and the men ceolare
with equal posit vonees that they wi!l make no
further concessivne and that no new men will
be allowed to take their places, In
the afternoon the men allowe! the company
to move up the coal needed for the pumping
work @ad also to haul out of the Way several
waygonloads of cement which they had atopped
just outside the works the day be’ore, Roe
night the works are guarded by 1@0 Deputy
Sheriffs and every precaution is belng ob-
served to prevent any attempt at damuge by
the strikers, but the latter seem to be
well contenc wth. the situation and
no trouble is fered. Sherlf? Molloy went
from the works at once to White
and there after consuiting his
eonnsel anid assuring himself of hie power to
call out troops within the county, sent an
order to the Fourta Separate Company of Yon-

ere ant the Eleventh Separate Commany of
Mount Vernon to assemble at & o'clock on Bane
day morning and hold themse!ves in readiness
to go to the scene of the etrike. t is als
undersiood that Sheriff Molloy communicate
with Gov, Roosevelt and got an assuragve that
he should have all the militla belp he might
necd to preserve the pauee. It teexpeciad
that the Mount Vernon and Yonkers companies
will be sent up to-morrow avout noon, leaving
from Yonkers.and {hat they will remain anti al!
ehance of on aemed ootbreak is over. Consui-
General
York that he hoped to preveut the troops from
coming.

ALBANY, April 1l4.—rov, Rooseve!lt this after-
noeou rosivad *hortiy after 4 ovloek from
Major-Gen, Charles Francis Roe, as Commanid-
‘ug OMoerof tue National Guard, the iviiowing
telegram dated New York elty:

“The Sherif of W:
ealled bourth | Beparate

and = Fleventh

of Mount Vernon tos ABB it
him against the strikers at Croton Dam.
They eo to-morrow tobe on hand Monday
merni.s. Twill be intouch with the situation
and request authority to send more troops
from hero if Sheri? makes — requisition,
Anawer, 30 Kuet Thirty-seventh streel.”

' Gov. Kvosevelt linmediately replied to Gen,
we:

“T hereby authorize you Instantly to order
out wh tever troops ure required to restore
aid preserve order,’

Mount Vesnwon, N.Y, April 14.—The mem-
bers of Company A and I of the First Regi.
nent, N N. G, revelved cordera to-day
to assem >!@ to-morrow morning at 8 o’slock
i their armories in Yonkers and Mount

Company of
Reparata Com.

pany

fernon, after which, if the situation de-
monda [t and further orders come, they will
be sent to Croton to guard ay\soat the Ttalian

strikers on the Cornell Dam. (ompany B ofthe
city will go to Yonkers on trolley cage if the
order comes and will bejoined by the Yonkers
eoupauy there, afier which ti. y will proceed to
Croton by spec altrain, Capt, Peagn of Com-
puny A aad Copt, Schneider of Company
will be In command until the soldiers arrive at
the Cornell Dam. Majer Deuike of the fret
Fattation of the regiment will then take
charge

\onuens, April 14.~Capt. Pruyn of Company
A, thia city, received word from White Pining
his evening that the orders issued by Sherif
Molloy, calling out the militia to go to Croton,
had been recalied and that Geo. Roo would en-
deavor to end the rloting at Croton in a peyea-
tul manner,

‘yon. Roe sal! last night: “I have met Sheriff
Molloy by arraugement at a hotel herethis

The Chicago Vestibule Limited,

Take your cholce and go efther North or South | Leaving New York datly at 5.55 P. M. via the Le
wk} hy

of Lake Erie on your next tip West. New Yor
Central Lines take you eimey way. All trains hayn
Pintsch Light.—-Ads

eh Valley Rallroad
Ja carte, from Jersey Cit
A. M.; arrives Chicago

Carries cining car, service @
. Atrives Niagara Falis 6:38
140 P. Al ade,

15, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE SU

SS ae

Branch! said belore he left tor New |

sstohester county hae |!

 
 

’
| evening. I (to not cara to say what hotel it was.
Asaresultof our conference I wil! state that
no troops will be ordered out to-night. [t
| 18 believed hy the Sheri? and the contractors
| that the trovbies can be amically settied
through the Italian Conaal. Nothing further
will be done to-night.
John J. Ryan, Prosident of the Aqueduct
Commission, called yesterday at Police Head-
quarters {n Mulberry street and asked Presi-
ent York Whether or not he could arrange
to send a squad of tolicemen up to
Cornell Dam, where the striking Italians
had intrenched themselves and were defying
the deputy sheriff4 ordered to dislodge them.
vsident York enid that as the piace was out-
ride of the city he did uot think he could, but
added that he would Investigate and see what
could be done.

 

'

Yerkes Interests Sold-Union Traction Com-
pany Now Has All the Roads.

Cuicago, April 14.—At @ meeting of directors
of the Chicago Union Traction Company this
afternoon the officers of the company were en-
powered to sign the argeement with the Chicago
Consolidated Jraction Company for the consolida-
tion of their roads, ‘Ihis is the culminadon of a
series of negitiavions between the Yer).cs system

| of suburban surface lines and the Chicago Union
|

BIG CHICAGO STREET CAR DEAL,
|

Traction Company, by which the latter secures
control of 207 miles of electric railway on the
north and west sides of Chicago. The Union
Traction directurs will hold another meeting on
Monday morning to ratify the action of the officers,
Ww. L. Ekin of Phildde!phia resigned as a mem-
ber of the Union Traction directors and the va-
cancy was filled by the election of General Mana-
gerd. M. Roach of Chicago

The proposiden gulndtted to a vote of the Con-
solidated Traction shareholders was one under
which the stockholders were asked {n December
to deposit thelr stock with the [}inois Trust and
Savings Bank in accordance with the agreo-
ment by whieh the stock was to be transferred
to the Chicago Union Tracuon Company in ex-
change for 4‘: per cant bonds on the bases of
a valuauon of $45 a share for Consolidated Trac
tlon stock. It ls understood that the bonds will
be in the nature of 4 collateral trust issue, the
Interest on which will be guaranteed by the Unton
Troction Company. ‘The time for the deposit
of stock expired on Dec. 81, and it is sald ihat
about $13,000,000 of the 615,000,000 was turned
In by shareholders. ‘Lhe deal wi!! give the Chi-
cago Union Tracton Company complete control
of surface [ines on the north and west sides of the
culty.

 

MRS, SCHULTZE GOT A PISTOL.
With It She Captured One of the Men Who Had
Assaulted and Robbed Her,

Hacsensack, N. J., Apri! 14.—State Detective
MeGee of Paterson brought a prisoner to
Hackensack jail this evening charged with
committlag an assault upon Mrs, Mary
Schultze, a widow aged 40, living at Oak-
land, six miles west of Paterson on the Sus-
quchanna and Western Railroad. The man
refused to give hia name or to say who was his
companion tn erime

Mrs. Schultze, who goes to Paterson to
market, returned home late Thursday evening
and found two men ransacking the house.
They had a quantity of goods packed for carry-
Ing away. They maltreated Mes. Schultze and
tied her io alarge chair where she remained
while they prepared and ate a men! of ham
and eggs. Then they took $i8 from her dress
pocket and lef, threatening her with deatn if
she made ap outery,

A passing neighbor who saw tha front door
open at midnight made an investieation end
relonsed Mrs, Sehuitze, Whe the womar
| drove to Paterson market this moraing she
carried a revolver in lev Cress and used it in
securing ove of her arsailauts, She saw the
man selling dandelions, and alighting ‘rom
her wagon, put the revolver at his head. The
map dropped on his knees and begin to pray
‘tor his life. saying «he would not kill bim
| while at prayer, Mrs. Sehutze kept the
Weapon aguinst the man’s head. A crowd
gathered, among them being State Detective
Meties, who brouchi the man to Hackensack.
it je believed that the other man will be
eanght,

MURDER IN A BOSTON PAPBK.

Civil War Veteran Lured There and Killed by
a Black-Jack Blow.

Bosroy, April 14.—Desire to gain possession
| of the few dollars which he was supposed
to have caused three thugs to lure
|} Phillip Sallivan, an aged Civil War vet
eran, into the Charles Bank Park this
afternoon and murder him. Sullivan was from
the Boldiers’ Home at Tagus, Me. He was in
Boston on a visit. Ho worea faded Grand
Army uniform, and as he was strolling about
the West End he attracted the attention
of the three toughs, After getting him
into the park two of the gang kept watch

while the other walked along with the old
| man, Suddenly the young man with Sul-
}iivan pulled a black juck from his pocket
and struck him over the head. The wouni-
ed man fe!) instantly, but the robbers
'did pot. have tine to. rob. him,
and they all made their escape, The old man

| was picked up, but dled on the way to the
hoanital, He served four years in Company 4,
Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, The
yee Lad not found his aseallante up to a late

our to-night

AT POLICEMAN,

| TUREW HER BABY

|

|

| Mrs. Seterdeno Was Excited Because the
| Bailding Was Afire.

Policeman Hart of the Mcdougal street
| station saw that Petrino’s stable, at 130 Sulli-
{yan street, was on fira at half past 11
| o'clock Inst night and sent for the engines.
| He then got a ladder and put it up to the second
|

story of the stable, which was of wood ani! was
burning fast. Down the ladder came Columbo
Seterdeno, and tried to embracy the policeman
andthavk him for having saved the lives of the
family. After Columlocame his sou Anthony,
1! years old, and a'so tried to embrace the po-
Hoeman. Meanwhile the wife of Columbo was
atauding at the window above the ladder
j screaming Wildly and holding @ nake
| baby in her arms, Hart bevkoned for her to

come down as ber husband and | son
had done,
at him. Fe
caught it before tr
With the ald of anoiher man he! rought the
woman down the ladder [n spite of her hysteri-
ca) struggles. The stable war destroyed.

She promptly. threw the baby
made a flying leap and
struck the ground,

 

 

|
|
{
'
pe DIXIE’ IN SISTINE CHAPEL

| American Sailors’ Celebration of Their Recep-

| tion by the Pope.

i Special Cable Despaich to ik SON,

| Lonpon, April 14.—A despatch from Rome
save that the Pope recently received eighty
Amertean sallors, who, after his Hollnese left

the Sistine Chapel, sang “Dixie” with great

} Vigor. This astonished and somewhat scan-

dalived the people present.

Adespatch from Rome on. April 7 said that
the Pope had «ranted on audience to Catholic
exlors from the Unite | states train ng ship
Dix.c, who cheered his Holiness vigoroualy.

CITY GATE UNCOVERED AT THEBES,

Two Important DPiscovertes on the Site of the
Ancient Egyptian City.

Carno, April 14.—M. Legani, in setting up the

N PRINTING AND PUBLISHIN

|

a

| the fremen succeeded in keeping the flames |

BIG. WILLIAMSBURG. FIRE,

AT LEAST ONE LIFE AND MUCH
COAL AND LUMBER LOST.

Flames First Seen in a Whiting Factory aad

Seon Carried to Heaps of Wood and Coal |

Man Killed by Jumping From an Fle-
The Damage Nearly $400,000.

A fire in the lumber yards and coal ele-
vatora that line the upper part of New-
town Creek in Willlamsburg did nearly
$500,000 damugo to property last night
and eaused the loss of at least one
life, It taxed the resources of the Fire Depart.
ment to the utmost. One of the men
whose losses were heaviest was so much
worked up by the lack of faollitles for
meeting the emergency that he threatened to
gue the city for $200,000 for not affording
proper protection to his property.

Tho fire was discovered in Knappmano &
Co.'s whiting factory on Newtown Creek be-

vator

tween Varick avenue and Dickinson street |

by Vice-President James Sher'ock Davis of
the Cross, Austin & Ireland lumber
concern. Mr. Davis was making a short cut
across the Whiting factory yar! on his war
home at about 6 o'clock when ha saw
flames coming from the upper” winh-
dows, He at once eent in an alarm.
Py the time the first fire engines
arrived the flames” bad spread to
the Dannat & Pell lumber yards, The tire was
eating {nto the piles of lumber at agreat rate
whena shiftof the windenavied the fremen to
geta little the better of itand to save part of
the lumber.

From the Dannat & Pell yard sparks carried
tho fire to the yard from which H.C, Johnson
& Co, have begun moving thelr lumber toa
new place of business on the other side of the
ereek, All of the stock left in the old yard,
about $40,000 worth was destroyed.

By this time Chief Dale had summoned

all the fire apparatus at his eommand
to the Newtown creek nelghborhood. He
sent im four alarms and a special alari.

Not only was allthe Williamsburg and eastern
Brooklyn force there, but the two Jreboats
and one ortwo engines from Manhattan were
summoned. Chief Croker went over a3 soon
as possible after the magnitude of the fire
became apparent.

Sparks from the piles of burning lumber
were carried across the creek in great

volume by the wind and were seen to
threaten the oval pockets and elevators of
Charles Reynolds's Sons op the other side
at the foot of Grand street. A nuniber of the
employees of the Reynolds concern went to the
elevators and volunteered to give what aidthey
coud, The firm’s pumping apparatus was
set to Work anid a rather feelie stream Was
played on the pockets, and a bucket brigade
was tormed, A numberof men went up in the
elevatorstoa platforin about sixty feet from
the ground and threw water down by the
bucketfaul wherever the eparke aod brands
from the blazing lumber yards were seep to
lodge.

For a long time they were successful tn pre

venting the fie from wetting any hol! on
the elevators, But it must have worked
in through the windows unobserved
for at about ha'f pnat 7. o'clock

there Was @ burst of flame almost like ou ex-
losion from all the windows immediately un-
erthe platform where the men were etationed,

The elevator was altogether hidden by the vole

ume of smoke and flames for a few minutes

When it was lifting all the men who had been |

on the platrorm began dropping to the ground,
The smoke seemed to Lave made them
unable to keep their feet on. the piat-
form. John C. Donaldson, a, bookkeeper
who had been emifoyed by Charles Rey-
nolds’s Sons and {
street, was instantly killed. His aon Wiliam,
17. years old, who was with him, was
badly hurt. Thev had seen the fire from
their home and had come to the elevators
to do what they could stephen
eypenny,. who was formeriy employed by
the firm, but ia now in the Street Cleaning De-
partment, suflered severe Internal fojaries and
waa not expected to live through the night.
Several others were bruised and cut.
Meantime the fire on the other side of the
creek had eaven_tnto the lumber yar {ts of the
Cross, Austin & Ireland Company,
the wind from the northwest to the west was
al! that saved that part of the yard from com-
plete destruction. By tremendous exertions

out of tne yard of Lonis Bogsert, Itwaa 10
o'clock before Chief Croker had any confiden
thattbe fire would not spread further. The
lumber piles were etill burning flercely at that
hour.

Mortimer Reynolds sald that when the eparks
Oreat threatened the elevators hae sent In an
alarm from the box in. tre factory, The
Fire Department, he said, utterly ignored it.
Mr. Reynolds then crossed the creek ent male
personal application to Chiet Dale for assiet-
anes in saving the elevators. Ho went back
to direot the work of his own people. No help,
not a single engine, he said with much
feeling afterward, came from the other side
of the creek. When the fire at last reached
the elevators and destroved them, with a loss
to. the re of $200,000, he served
notice on Ohief Dale that he was going to
pol the city responsible for the damaze he

ad suffered and would carry the case into the
courts,

Chief Dale sald when ho was told of Mr.
Reynolds's conplaint that when Mr,
Reyoo\dacame to him and asked for help he
sent the two fireboate over at once to
throw water on the exposed side of the
elevatora, and that the ftireboats did go and
rendered valuable ald, He als. sent a number
f engines ucross the bridges to help the flre-
boata,

The lonses were estimated roughly last night
as fojlove: Knappman & Co,, $80,000; Danat
& Pell, 80.000; H.C. Johngon, & Co, $10,000;
The Crows, Austin and Ireland Company,
$5,000, Charles Reynolds's Sons, $200,000

MISS CLARK WAS READY TO SHOOT,

 

Pointed a Revolver at a Tramp Burglar and
He Moved On,

New Haven, Apri! 14.--Mias Catherine Clark
of Milford, ten miles from here, whose brother
shot dead o chicxen thief last August, also
knows howto handle a revolvor, While alone
at her father’s house, last night, in a sparsely

| gottled part of Milford sle was startled at heare

fallen columns of Karnak, discovered a city |

wate. Itia the first found in Egypt and ts of
creat height.
teenth Dynasty. It was erected by Amenhotep.

A second and more important discovery at
Thebes ie a large towh of the Eievouth Dyn-
asty {In perfect preservation.

{T BABYLON,

'
} Spectal Cale Despatch to THR SUN.

DISCOVERIES

The Vong-Seaght East Canal Delieved to
Have Been Uncovered.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Derry, April 14.--Dr, Koidewey, director of
the exoavationa at Babylon, has Informed the
Oriental Soclety of the discovery of a canal
bullt of Aramean bricks, which fe believed to
be the long-sought East Canal. A temple
called Ernach of the goddess N anlaeh waa laid
| bare, and stones found Inscribed from the time
of Nebuchadnezsar

' The Grand Scenery of the Hudson

| is visible frown the homesof PARK HILL-ON-TIIB-

| HUDSON, Send for descriptive circular AMER-
ICA N REAL ESTATE COMPANY, 200 Broadway
m~Ads,

It bears the date of the Kigh- |

|
|

 

{ng someone moving about in the celiard
Searcely had she shoved the bolt of the door
when a inun attempted to forea the door, The
ceiisr door, opening out doors, was unlocked
apdsoon a man emerge! from it) He atarted
to go inthe house, sae# Olark had the same
revolver with which her brother shot the
chicken thief and pointing it at the tramp
ordere thim toclear out. Without waiting to
eousider the matter he moved on,

LITTLE GIRL KILLED IN STREET.

Bertha Ran Under the Wheels of a Mineral
Water Wagon,

Three-year-ol| Bertha Billie was killed yas-
terday by am neral water wagon {n front of
her home, Us Dast Ninth etreet. The wagon
belonged to Patrick Quirk of 418 West Six-
teenth streec and was driven by Patrick Don-
nelly of 404 East Twenty-fourth etreat, Bertha
aod her ten-year-old #ister Sarah were playing
with a rubber ball in the street. The ball
rolled into the gutter. Whoo
alter it she ran under the wheels of the wagon
Donnelly was arrested and admitted to ball in
the sum of $1,LU0, pending the inquest

TWO ILLINOIS TRAGEDIES.

In Fach Case a Man Killed a Woman and |

Then Committed Suicide.

Danvinxe, Il!., April 14.—Deputy Sharif J,
R. Orendorf to-day shot his wife In ‘he head
and killed her. Then he shot himaelf in the
head, dying instantly. Jeulousy caused the

erlme L p

Eoin, Ill, April 14.--Silnev 8. Powers, a
veteran of the Civil War, ahet and killed hie
divpreed wile here to-day and then killed him.

sell.

 

Commodore Mayo Left No Eatate.

Warenneny, Conn, April 14.—Ithas become
known here that the late Commodore Mayo
left no estate to fightover. The story that he
jeft $190,000 Is false He nad only a life in-
terest !n hia fret wife's estate, chefly a man.

sion in Washington, And hia retired pay aga
Commodore, both of which died with hin,

KF. & W.
Nipsia, Nipsie
he new fold collar. -Ada,

 

 

“

who live? at 206 Monitor ,

Mon- |

A shift of |

Lertha went ,

‘|

G ASSOCIAT

ION. ~THIRTY-FOUR PAGES.

 

Fair to-day: fresh west winds,

SS

PRICE FIVE. CENTS.

2 RE a eee

MORGANS WILL BR SPNATOR AGAIN,

(iotd Democrat May He Named for Governor
Anti-Hryan Delegation.
MontToomeny, A‘o, April 14
T. Morgan has won a renomination
United States Benute by
majority over Gov, Johnston
\ of the free silver men and all
Democrats itn the State
Morgan. He will have
| hundred of the 120 votes in th
| legislative caucus, The Indications
! wight are that W. J. Stamford, a sound
money Democrat, will be nominated for Gov-
ernor, and that the delegation to the
next National Convention will be opposed to
Bryan and the Chicago platform. The State
| Convention will meet on April 25, at which
| time the national delegation will be selected.
|
'

Senator Joln
for the
heliming
Perhaps hat
of the gold
voted for
perhaps one
Demvoerattc
to-

ain over

aerate cena et

BAILEY WINS THE PRIMARIES,

More Countles [adorse His Candidacy
for the Senatorship.

Datias, Tex., April 14.—Reports to-night
from Hunt, Hill, Kastrop and Mills counties
indicate a clean sweep for Congressman
Bailey tn the Democratic primaries to suc-
ceed Horsce Chl'ton in the United
States Senate. Bailey's friends claim large
majorities {n all the counties and the few bul-
| letina received seem to justify thein in thele
| coptidence. The Chilionmen, while depressed,

fo not yet concede defeat, Up to date Bailey

has more thon heaten Chilton two toone in the

primaries, if prosent progpects of to-dav’s re-

sulta hold out. [tlooka#like a lan'slide in all
| parts of thy State to the Fifth jist
«ressman and against the Senior Secator from
Texas.

Four

riet Cons

 

| SINGER FALIS 15 FELT TO STAGE,

| Fitzroy of the Castle Square Co. Hart ina
| Performance of *'Pinafore."'

Louia C, Fitgroy of 17 West Forty-fifth
street, amember of the Castle Square Opera
Company, fell fifteen feet to the stage yester-
day afternoon duringthe matinge performance
of “Pinafore.” He was removed to Bellevue
Hospltal, where it was said that one ol bis legs

} was broken and that his spine had been in-
jured, Late Inet night the members of the
company raised a ‘und and Fitzroy was trans.
ferred to a private room in the Presbyterian
| Hospital.

 

TALE OP JETTISONED TOBACCO,

Remarkable Performance on the Trintdad
Reported by a Passenger.

Mr, Henry of Henry & Lee, 07 Water street,
| whe Was a passenger on the steamship Trini-
| dad of the Quebec Steamship Company, on her
j last trip from Bermuda, tells a queer story of
; an incident that occurred during the vovage,
| On the second night out, he says, and while a
gaie was blow ne the wakelul pussengera,
sbout midnight heard the ovleers shout.
ing commands and the deckhands hoisting up
aves of merehandisee from the hol land tossing
them over! oard. Some of the timorous pas-
sengers thought ths cargo was being thrown
| overt
aseured that there was no danger although no
| explanation Was ofered as to why thy boxes
wore being dumped lato the sea
bor the rest of the voyage there was
| guessing among the passengers, but no satis.

 

) factory conciuaions were reached. Mr ilen
' brought ashore the report thot the fir
casea that had been thrown overboard cons |

| tained tobacce which had heen smuggled into
| Germuda and then, instead of being con-
“seated and so'd, it
Trinidad with ordera to throw it overboard
somewhere inthe Guill Stream. Rumor further
had it that the esses had been similarly dis.
posed of on the last trip from Bermuda of the
Orinoco of the same line, The Trinidad is in
Jermuda again now,

CRAZY WOMAN AT HOTEL.

Says She's Jennic Jovee—Sent to Bellevae

Hospital for Safe Keeping.

;| Manager Ryan of the Delavan House called

up the West Thirtleth street police station on
| the telephone last night and asked that a
| policeman be sent to his hote! immediately,
! Policeman Wollerson went tothe Delavan and

‘n rooin 105 he foun’ Manager Ryan, a chom-
bermald and a woman guestofthe hotel. The
| guest deciared that three men had tried to
| break into her room and murder her because
'

she lad murdered her husvaid three months

ago.

Lhe women said that she was Jennie Joyce,

32 years old, and declared that her home was

the hote!, She had been there only a day, an!

had registered on her arrival aa Mrs. Thomas

Joyce of New York city. Wollerson sum-
| moned an ambulance from New York Hospital.
| After talking a moment with the womrn, the

surgeon decided that She was Ipsane and hat
| bettor be taken to Bellevue, Wheo she was

told of this, she consented to go and walked to
‘ the ambu! *,

At Beilev she aatd that she lived at 250
West Thirty-nixth strect. Sho refused to state
her occupation. The physicians said that she
was suffering from paranola and placed her iu
the insane pavilion for observation,

  

GONE
| It Is Satd at the Union League Club That He
Will Be tn Europe Some Time.

! Tt waa sail at the Union League Club lust
night that Major-Gen. Grenville M. Dodge,
whose gout had been troubling him severely of

TO TRY

GEN, DODGE A CURE,

| late, had sailed for Rurope totry a cure there |
| and had said that he would not come back |
|
\
'

until bis health was refataliishe |.
with Warucr Miller at the clubon Tuesdayond
aleo had dinner thera on Wednesday
"Tt hureday his associate, Join W, Jennings of
}, Broadway, tuld amember of the ciul that
Gen. Dodge had gone to. Europe to stay until
| his gout was cure!. His exact
abroad was not known at the club lastnight,

SUED M. DIPPZL FOR RENT.

An Attachment Against the Grand Opera !

Tenor Served Yesterday.

Andreas Dippel, the grand opera tenor, ia the
defendant In a suit for $405 brought by Grace
©, Van Syckel to recover the rent of an apart-
i ment in Columbus avenue which M, Dippel
jeased, but lefcafter one night on the ground
that it did pot comply with the conditions of
his agreemem, The Sheriff received an at.
tachment against M. Wippel yesterday
served {ton the manager of the Gran Opers
Compeny of which the ‘snorisa member, hut
wus told that the costumes M, Dénpel wore do
i not belong to Lim, but to the company
M. Dippel leaves to-day for Pittsburg.

TRAINED NURSE ACCUSED,

a Dytag Man.

| Povonxrepete, N, Y., April 14.-On com-
plaint of the sons of Samuel L, Ratney, late of
Hudson, William J. Bagnall, a trained ourse of
this city, was arrested to-night ona! arge of
grand larceny He Is aceused of taking $709
yu bits from Mr, Ratney’s bed prior to his
death. Bagnall dectares he is fnooeent. Mr
Itainey was a banker in Hudson Mr
asked one of his sone to get $700 for him and
to humor him the gon did +o. The father kent
the money between the mattress ani his pil-
low

#8000 in Als Pocket
A prisoner with $00 In hia pocket escaped
| from the Becond precinct {o Newark yesterday
| morning. Thatis, he was eent to jal! in de-

lordertytheantebt fore, He wa
sear hed, and wobody knew that he was loaded
with wealth until he got to jall.
money was diasovered! thera he agreed to pay
hia fine, and was released. His name ts Joseph
Sebuba apd he is 20 years old,

8200,000 Bequest to Vanderbilt University,
NasHvitie, Apri! 14,—The will of Mrs, Mary

|

| J. Furman, which was admitted to
probate to-day, leaves her eatate,
valued at = from $200,000 to. $250,

‘oo, to Vanderbilt University, The will

| provides that a huilding. to be known as Tur. |

man Hall, shail be erectad on the grounds of
the untversity ata cost of $100,000

| Royal Table O11.

Used exclusively by His Majesty, the King of Italy
Produced on the estate of Prince Brancaccio, Rome,
dtuly. All grocers. ~ «kde,

pave the whip, but on lnquiry they were |

was reshipped on the |

Ha dined |

On !

destination ,

and |

Ile Is Said to Haye Taken $700 From Bed of |

Rainey |

fault of a fine of $2.50 for being drunk and die- ,
not ecarefully |

When the !

| LONG FOR WKINLEY'S MATE,

SA¥S HE WOULD NOT DECLINE TAB
NOMINATION FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,

“lt Is an Honor.” He Says, That Shoald
Neliher Be Sought For nor Refused" - Hig
Personal Popularity and Success as Naval

May Inmscre His Nomination,

Secretary

Wasurtvoroy, April 14.—-Socretary Long ree
turned to the city to-day from Colorado, where
he has been visiting bis daughter, and frankly
iimitted, in response to a question, that he
would not decline the nomination for Vieee
President if it were tendered him by the Philae
delphia convention, He said:

“It is au honor that should nelther be sought
for nor refused. I have been @way from the
clty for over two weeks and have neither seen
nor heard from any officials or public meg
during my absence. I havo not been ape
proawhed on the subject by the party
managers, and I do not know whethee
my name is being seriously considered
by them for tha Vice-Prosideney Dure
Ing the past few months, and espectally
the past few weeks. I have received many lete
terson the subject trom friends in Massachue
setts and elsewhere, I found» number of such
letters awaiting me on my return to-day, But
Thave been long enough in poiliies to know
thatthe partiality of perzonal frien ls should
not he mistaken fora general sentiment. Core
tainty hardy any greater honor could be bee
stowed upon a man than to ba nominated by
his party for the Vice-Presidency’

This important declaration by Seeretary
Long will upset the ea culations of those Ree
publicansa who have been ao confidently saying
that he would not accept the nomination
for Vice-President, because he desired to re-
tlre to private life atthe close of hia adminis-
tration. In view ofths personal popularity of
Secretary Long and (hs great suceossof the
Navy and the Navy Department under his di-
rection during the Spanish War, this exe
pression of his willingness to take the sece
ond place on the ticket with President MeKin-
ley nay insure hisnomination, Healready has
the supportof the New Engiand Republicaa
Senators and Representatives, so far as they
have expressed themselves with regard to the
second piace on the ticket, and Gov. Roosevelt
is only one of unumber of prominent Repub-
licans outa'de of Congress, and outside of New
Fngland alao, who have publicly declared that
they would approve the nomination of Becree
tary Long. If the Secretary adheres to his
present purpose it would seem that his nomie
nation would belikely to follow almost as @
matter of course

Senator Hanna has goneto Portress Monroe
over Sunday, and mostof the other Republican
managers are a4o outof town, 80 that their
opinion cannot be had respecting tho Secre«
tary’s announcement, but when they read
it and see that they were mistaken
abont his position they may eome out
| for him, although it will take a day ortwoof
conferring between them to crystallize their
| sentiments. Al) their talk during the past few
| duys has been to the efect that they must find
| a good Western man, sinea they had now nothe

Ine tohope for in New York, and knew of no
1 one in Now }nglagd who was at once eligible
and availible, Almost every prominent Repube

‘an West ofthe Alezhanies has been named,

anit pone of them has found favor, The
| party leaders have given the tinpression that

 

 

 

they were ¢ cpoaed to let the matter drift, per-
hape antil the convention mat, and to allow
| the party at jarge to inticate the man to be
| chosen, or the Inen from whom the choice
fehould bemale, Senator VWo.cott of Colorado
has bean more. favorabiy regarded by them
) than anyother Western man, and his friends
hive been very hopeiul taat he would be the
candidate selecte!

KANSAS'S GIFT OP CORN TO INDIA,

 

Three Days to Be Given Up to Obtaining
1,000,000 Bushe!s of Corn.

Topegka, Kan., April 14.—The people of Kan-
sag lave started amovement to secure funds
| tosend 1,000,000 bushels of Kansas corn or its
! equivalent to the famine-stricken people of
| India, Gov, Stanley is chairman of the eom-
| mittee having this work in charge, Its Secree
| tary and business agent is T. J. Anderson,
and the Treasurer is F. D, Coburn, Seevetary of
the State Poaid of Agriculture. By proclamas
tion the Governor has eal ad upon the people

| of the State to make their contributions of
corn on Saturday, April 28, whieh will be

known as “Indian Corn Dav.” On Sunday,
| April 24, tobe known a5 “Indian Rellef Buns
tay,’ colleetions of money will be taken in all
churches, Sunday schoois and among other
Chrictlan organizations, and on Monday, April
30, to be Known as “Sehoo! Cilldren's lodia
| Relief Day,” collections will be taken up in ail
| the public schools and colleges, The idea is
thateach person shall contribute at the very
' |east the price of a hushe: of corn, ans! that the
funds aeeured shall be used to purchase cora
to send af once where tnost nee led
This movement ia the outgrowth of sug@es-
| tions by the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon in the
| columns of the Topeka Daily Camtal during
the week he was ifs elitor, The committee
will be glad to receive contributions

MRS, SONNVEPRON KILLED,

Little Son Steeck by a Trate

Near Babylon

, Papyroys, lL. L, April 14.-Mra, Sonnefroh,
20 ¥ age. of Lindenhurst, was kKiled
} on the rallroal track east of thls village this

She and Her

‘ars of

| evening She had been to babylon and missing
| the eventing express atarted to walk along the
track to her home in Lindenhurst, three miles
distant. There is a double track between here
and Lindenhurst, and Mrs, Sonnefroh,who was
walking on the south track, it is supposed saw
the east bo express approaching and
stepped over to tne north (rack and was atrick
| by a epecial train conveying & number of New
| York sportsmen who had been to attendance ab
| the Weatmins'er Kenne! Club shoot,

| Her young gon who was with her was atrock
| hy the pilot and severely injured, The train
wae stopped and the dead wornan and the boy
were tuken aboard aud conveyed to Lindene
The hody was aent tothe: dead woman's
The boy wae taken to St, Luke's Home
His chanves of recovery are

| huret
home.
pital, Manhattan
siluht,

 

| DEER DYING IN THE ADIRONDACKS
The Snow Four Feet Deep tn the Woods
Around Old Forge.
| Urtca, Aprill4.-James Galvin has just ree
turned from Old Forge and reports that the
avow ts fully four feet deep in the woeds, and
lin many places even deorer. Many deer are
dying for wantof food, Comingont ester lay,
Mr Gaivin saw one lyingon the lee, dead. he
‘farmers and others are feeding the deer like
catuie, and they are @s tame as cone, Sixty
deer are peing feed within a short distance of
Old Forge. th some Instapeee they will atay ia

the barns with thecows, Mr. Galvin paye that
| the guides report that hundreds o! deer bave

| died during the winter.
———————

Mrs. Cannon’s Engagement Ring Found.

Tuscoxa, Ll, April 14.—After having bees
lost In the ground for thirty years the engage-
| ment ring which J, G. Cannon, cnafrman of
the Committee on Appropriations, tn the
lower Honse of Congress, gave to hie wife in
1402, has Leen found here, The discovery was

ade by a «mall Loy who was searching the
dire thrown out by workmen digging @ trenoh
for watermains, The cing bears the Inscrip-
‘tion Jd. G. C, to Mary, Jaa, 0, 1862.

Senator Hanna Tl) at Old Point, ‘
Norroug, Va, April 14,—8urgeon O'Reilly,

| UB. A., atatloned at Fort Monroe, sald to-day
| that Senator Mark Hanna, whom he Is attend-
! ing at Old Point, !s threatened with the rie,

The Senator |4 confined to. his room, esi-
| deut MeKinley is expeoted to arrive at Old
} Poinvon next Tuesday and an jmportant R -

steal conterence, {t is believed, will be held
there.

In Honse-cleaning Use Platt’s Ottlerides
to disinfect the Soors before relaying ceapeta-—AR

 

 

 

 

 

     
 
  
    
  
    
   
  
    
   

a

er 5
Se nes

in ae

SL

—-s

ee ee ees

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
    
 
  
 
   
  
     
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
      
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
    
    
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
     
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
       
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
  

  

~~
Fo os
S.

as ee ee!

——

c= en

1. nae
a Se n= nen