——
VOL, LAVIIL—NO, #4,

M'RINLEY ON THE ELECTION

THE PARSIDENT APPAR AT THE IE NION
LBAGUE IN PHILADELIATA.

 

 

Payy 0 Trivete to All Whe Metped the Repab-
Heane te Win. The Setemaity of an Fiec

 

den-—Thtage That Were Settied- Gov |
Roosevelt and Others Speak at the Dinner. |

Paranrirmia, Now 4 —President MoKinley
for the fourth time since he has been President

was the quest to-nicht of the Union League | |

aftbiscity. He arrived at Broad Street Station,
accompanied by the members of his Cahinet,
with the exception of Secretary Root, on a
epectal train at 320 P M = The station and
the atreeta leading to it were crowded with
people desirous of seeing the President. As
he passed from the train to his carriag’ lean
ing on the arm of President Jo-epli ( Darling-
toa of the Union Teague, he wa- greeted with
cheers. At the Fifteenth siree’ entrance to
the station carriages were in waiting and the
Presidential party was sented

The First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry
and thelr red dress uniforins formned the escort
of the party to the house of Mr Edward T
Stetesbury, Twentieth and Walnut streeta, the
route taken being south on Broad street to
Spruce, thence west to Fifteenth, north to
Cheatnut, east thence to Tenth, south to Wal-
put and west to Twentieth, the hame of Mr
Stotesbury All along the line of mare?
crowds bad g@athered and they received the
President enthusiastivall)

At the home of Mr. Stotesbury the President
was received by Miss Stotesbury, assisted by
Mra, Joseph G. Darlington, Mrs. F. J) Kimbal,
Miss Helen Maringion and Miss Wood. Among
those who called to pay their respects to the
President were A. J. Cassatt, Charles ¢. Ifar-

 

  
 

 

neon, J. Pierpont Morgan, George Thomas, |
Clement A. Griscom, John Lowber Welsh,
\. Parker Shortridge, James W. Paul, Jr,,

Sydney F. Tyler, Edward M. Robinson, Willian
L. Eikins, C. Stuart Patterson, William SeLers,
Wiliam Potter, James V. Wateon, Lincoln
hk. Passmore, Charles H. Cramp, Thomas Dolan,
John H. Converse, Joseph Whamon, A, L

Soowden and W. W. Gibbs.

During the time the President was in
home of Mr. Stotesbury the First Troop was
driwnupio front of the house, At 6 o'clock
the party reentered carriages. The troops
formed the escort and marched down Walnut
street to Broad andtothe Union Leegue = Ar-
riving there the President proceeded to the
large rec option room. where for half an hour
ne received members of the organization

Pink carnations, the Presidents Mower, were
everywiere in profusion, Red roses, yellow
and white chrysanthemuins, &sparagus and
smilax were a'so uaed in the decorations
The President occupied the middie seat of
oh lous table in the banquet room, back of hins
being @ bust of Gen. Grant. Above the lust
was A portrait of the same General, draped
with the Stars and Striyes. To the maeht of
President McKinley sat Harry 8S. West, Vion.
President-elect Housevelt, L. G. Gare, F 1
Srtotesbury, J. W. Griggs, J) Plerpont Morgan,
Jo D Long, Senator Henry Cabot Lodge.
Biehop Oi Whitaker, C Stuart Patterson,
Senator Sewell Major EN. Benson, William
Sellers and John Wanamaker. To the let
of the President sat President Darlington «
e inion League, Join Hay, Go Stone,
chases A. Pugh, Caaries Emory smith, (hares
8. orwy thy E. A. Ritchcock, Dimner Heeber,
Secretary Wilson, Senstor Wolo tt, Clement A
riscom, Silas W. Petit, Secretary Cortey:
ames Milliken, Abrabauw Barker and Clarence

i. Gark
THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRRaS,
r Darlington introduced the President,
who said: :
Ge Uemen of the Union League: An
diane: speech is to me aways a difficult
rformance, an after-elect speech after
Inner is a still more dificult task aud I shall
do litde more than make acknowl dgment to
this patriotic association for its unceasing
lovalty to the Governmert, for the earnes'
mapa it has given wo the present Aaminis-
tration in the trying years through wideh it
has passed, and express my sincere thanks
for the great honor that this meeting and dem-

    

 

 

onstration brings to me, Which should te
shared my distinguished as®ocjate on
the National ticket, the Vice-President-elec:

as well as those connected with me in the
eco anet of public affairs

“We are always in danger of eracgerttion
en an oecasion of exultation over a pel tice!
vietory, and while the result i mainly due to
the efforts of our splendid party, there is son.e-
times a tendency to give too dittle credit to cther
forces, which, silent though they may have
been, were none too bags oot: tall) We must
net withhold generous acknowledgment fro
that erent body of our citizens who, belonging
to another yart pewerfully assisted ir thea
achievement of the result which vou colenrate

 

   

 

te-night norfromthatert ire body, former
members of tm , whe with honesty
of purpose separated from us a few vears ago
on financial issues, have now returced and
are home asain to tas Nor is any accounting
for the vitory elther just of accurate whict
leavesourcfthe cale dation the aloost unbroken

colimn of labor, engaged in mechanics and agri-

 

       

 

 

 

 

eniture, which rejected the false doctrine «f
elas distinetion a4 having ro place in this
he, ard which rebuked those teachings
ch would destrov the faith of An efican
odin American character and Ameri an
tions
The business men im ever’ part the
courtry, typi'ed by thie great organiz.ti
were aon factor { Le recent contest
And y ve not also amie much tot
flier the e, with its afifotions
anyvorr s election s ureater, or tr
did the « cela ofthe i’e determunes
larweiy the vote of the ele tors?

! ‘ ne eat mn he mere ir
pres ' national eleetion, where the
peorle delegote ther cower and invest ther
const onal agent+ with authority % execute
ther be te The very character of the trans.
action clothes it with solemnt* It je serous
business Tts isenes are alwars momentous
What a lemon in <elf-¢ mer? it ¢ '

  

Sixteen milion voters on the same dav, through.
out every section of the United State: deport.
ing their mandate and recording their u
Done by the peorle in their own «

 

 
 
 
  

  

in the vere precineta «f the }
BuPervis of their own fe
chosen oMcials, and, to

inde-endence, the Laliot a
forbid that an: arlected fers
tmi-t should ever attemrt to divert ]
the anvereien © eo le or tamy er with the canetits
of ther ballets
Some disappointments follow all election
but all men reoice when an elect: wad
cisive as to admit_of neither dispite nor c+
tect
be rightly measured and appreciated hy abot
it ave a2 well as by what tt accom;
Tt is fortunate forthe marty in power ifi
Stands the true meaning of the result
charged vy the people with adininistration
and legisietion are required to interpret as
well as toy cxecite the pubile will, and ite ne! '.
ful interpretation is essential to its fair) ful
executior
THINGS THAT Ane

 

   

 

   

     

=

 

SETTLED

“We can verestimare the great impor.
tance and the frerereaching consequences of
the electorate contess whieh ended on the 6th

 

» meno nersonal ase
pi of an individual, nor al-
but an emphatic declara.

of November, [t
It ja not the tr
together of ay

   

 

tion by the pw eof what they believe and
would have moirtoined in Ciovern ment A
At Varietr of sibecte was presented and

diacussed in the progcess of the eammnaign.
We may differ as to ce extent of the influence
of the several ieeies involved, but we are a!!

agreed as to cert thines which f* eettiad

]t records the s ned enforcement of
the gold standard tistdal indenenden:«,
hroader markets eon or exnansion, re.

 

ciprocal trade, the open door in China, the tn-

 

vinlahillty of public fioch. the indenendence
and euthority of the lodiciary and neace and
heneficent goverment nider ‘merican sor.
eregney in the Philips Arperican credit

remains unimvaired, the Ameria
im-eached, rhe honor of Arerecan arma un-
ed and the oblieationsa of 4 r ghteous war
and treaty of Peace UNrenr dinted
“The Renublican marty has placed unen it
tremendous fresoonsihilitiee party eould
asx for a hitches eqpres.« confidence: it

name Une

    

‘a @reat thing ts hav this end ene t
will he a @rentar thing te deserre and | vid it
To this party are committed + owe ard grave
probleme Thev are? fedfor nartiean.
Bin The task for co t is for the whate
American meople WW) they are un-

equal to it?
Lihevty hag not let, bh

i? @Alruw r
The etmuctrite of the fat Jin str -neth

ers 8tinds secure nen

 

 

 

the forndation on which the nise§ it, and
fe tn.dawv, ag it has heen nthe veare + and
af it will be in the vears to come, the Govern.

 

 

Ivers 2 Pond Pir fos,
Turer's Bills reduerd tothe minimum. Worderful

@eravility, Examine them at J ,
TOAD st, See York City ~Ade wares W See

the |

 

 

The valie of a rational victory can only |

 
  
 
 

ment le and for the
veople

He not distur.
empire. there

tthe: 6, by the pe

! there t. no danger from
fear for the Reptalsiie
<evVitLd« errr

it -oman by et, fesning his ap.

Gov Tiamewe

  
   

Preclafloan of toe honetoef addreseing Che club
Whose tient ii) Che dark days thirty eg he
| Years awe, stot ip for the rugit and showed
Mey were ofthe «(uf that did not need vietory
y butonty the spur ofa rlehtecue cause to etim
late them to ellor’ for the welfare and honor

of the countr lie thought it eminently fitting
| that the founders apd the heirs of ue lounders
ofthe davein 42, and 64 should meet to pay
| boner to the me) of “WO and lew Continuing
he sald
[oe President. speaking with the modera-
tion which ever marks bin has sud that we
sist beware of eauggerating what is done
jieday Tar sure that 1 asa not exag@ers-
tana, Dut am speaking us the jiistorian of (he
} future will speak when [ sav that the elee tion
Lo? iwup can be compared with one ot.er ela
| ion tn eur history, the election of ise@
“In 1844 there were two factor decisive of

 

 

    
 

| the result, the distrust of the penent= of
; Jinectn and the trust ia LAnects fr per thet
j Were aiso tw factom deeuuve of Ube resuit,
the distrust of those wl had made party
(shibbeteths of an unsound currency and ef
cise Latred and thst in tae man whe had
i 1 d this nation through ‘he greatest dan-
gers and difficuldes wlich we had emeoouitered
| sive tae close of the civil War I hope you
wont misunderstand me when T @ay that ia

Adiiuuistrna-

Mer es in iseb, TD feel it wasnt the
| tion Liat Woe on trial, but thatit
ean people and the American
shown that Chev have risen ¢ the level of
the cmsis. As the President has said, it was

 

Inure Uian @ mere party victory
\ | take pleasure in saving
owe a specaal d
iederate

fo you that we
ot to men tke the ex-c on-
soldiers Buckner, Basil Duke, and
sod with us in this election,
. ve oa py ila tebt fo those men,
liemocrats in the past, like bowels of Ulnois
(Geo, Braga of Wisconsin, Mr. Dickinsun of
Michigan, Mr. Fairchiid of siy own State, who,
although they had bean Democrats in the past,
refused to follow tuuse who tnade their party
hacne a cover for what © id not but reward
as an ass.al? upon or of the nation
\ ad and the good faith and reputation of
the nation at hone
“We are fortunate enough

say exactly the sane things

  

  

 

 
  

in being able to
after ele tion

‘hat we said before the election, exact!) as
we were lortuuate eno ga airing the came
palgn in having issues that did not wear thin !

inany part of the country There was no doubt
about our position before the election and
there ie no doubt about it now. We are going
to carry onthe poucy that has beon. puts ved
during the pe four years. It has been the
signal good fortune of tius nation oo the first
} occasion when it. mixed in world’s policies
to fix the standard to which the other nations
ot the world wiil come in dealing with the allairs
the wreat Asiatic natior
“The nation has de
float over the Philippi
come in them: a constantly sing Measure
of self-government shall be wiven them, burt,
first of all, order n.ust be restored in them ond
the first stem to bringing peace » preparing
{ the wer forsotne form ofgoverumentista navea
ough recognition of the fact that order
and siall be established and preserved
ose islands J

{that the flag shall
land Pecce shail

     

 

 

  
 

 

 

Che

eote and it te thle which rendere thie elec.

ch toaking and gute it in that eroall

yoyany With whieh the names of Washington
aud Lincoln are forever a eoctated *

SENATOR WOLCOTT « srrre
Senator Woleot? sad in bie adecrese
I remember reading years ago that with

the anes tis the practice existed of bringin
ut atall public banquets a cloaked and hoodet
sure, masked, with the skull and eroesbonest
to todieate that all human triumphe were
ephemeral and man was but mortal aa.
fulne® that mint have heen invited to thie
banquet to designate that figure I decline
to play the rAie |laughter| [ claim the
right wo share with you In the unalioved joy
vhich ‘aa followed the magnificent triuraph
of the Republican paris, the vindication of
tue polies of the last four years by the over-
wheimning vote of confidence in our President
whom we all honor and whore we all love
(tecline, further, because I am bho mourner
We have been told for yeare—I heve-that,
‘sweet are the uses of adversity’ Fortunately
lhaver.any sears in which to ascertain wherein
b Wocethesse comes

There is no more pitlable spectacte than the

| man in public life who fancies the world owes

| me, because | cannot attribute my deieat

, bidous

It has (eet mparatively casv for us, here
on the Allantic seaboard, to fait for the cause}
we have chains during the past fonr

| seare—we have had the bu ferrreocle witl

"@ from the etart

 

 

@emlite «a to those who four \ears ago,
i starting wi he odds against them, fought
iso valiantly fr the right out in tha Roeks
' Monnta re and on the ereatrt laine No sentence

thespee heft President was eo weleorme
tO me as an Amerein as the one in which he
paid a just tefl te tot ' » had rerorned

 

to ald ne ont there e Weet this ear

“T had the wood fortune to eo through South
Dakota There were few vietores that gave
me more tinalloyed sativfaction than the one
in that State On every platform there ap.
peared with me a tnan, wh four vears

a elected Attorney -Cienera nor
then opposed to us, but wh
time, because, having fo:
from ‘él to ‘65, being anxious to flaht again
for itin ‘wa, hh said he declined follow a party

| that atten ted to take « position of alta.

ontem to she honor and interest ef the whole
‘mertonan people appreciate very deer!
Lhe debt we owe fo the men whe, having weighed
all the arguments for and against your pol
Mr President having ‘iad time to test thot
poliey by its results: saerificing their pride of
opinion. have come out for the Union and for
the support of the doctrines for which you
stand.

“I fael that a peculiar debt is owing t) the:
and tha’ to n 1 pater debt due
beesuae of his r the princi-

 

Vis Wie Us this
ht for the Uni

    
 

 

  

 

es of sonnd ' than t) Senater
Fdward Wolcott of Colord jChoers.. |
do not feel that that contest which has elosed
was a mere party contest I feel that exactiy

  
  

! aa President Lincoln was entitled to the
nort of ail good citizens. as he str
solve the tre nendous problems whieh
ronted him. so President Mi iir ia entitiec
he sunport of all patriotic ood far-smding Ar
cave as he struggles to aolve the erencest |
lema with which no President. save oy Liecoin,
has (een fronted in the cent

I feel that we

   

 

 

 

   

 

re to Ue

 

 

    

 

merely as Repubicane t
eo we ~corch th
in the know edge at this peor
serionusiess of putpow *
nronter @oa'yti yt fall Ar
A @grent nition his ‘9 meat
nation must solve elige \
{i doing ita stare of t varie
fronts all the ere nid Powe
Arong the other s;eckers of the evenin
were Vice-Presidsnt-elect Roosevelt, Senator
Ik * and Senator Wolcott Mr. Lodge said

ow
Victory won by the Repub

 

cans ia much
aly ports ory, atul right

   

 

  

eonddered is of profound significance t
niy to ourseives but to I tl \
we can bevin to see now ! neane
eof this election is Ir “
fasa vote of confidence, as ere is jf *
rae 1, int Pride and his Admit
The American peoolte have passed
tupoer ‘
1a erect
he Te
“an

   

 

W t American wanship can
to bear uponit
epeotle hive voted to maintain the rro-
tive = ste, and to have that same poltes
» the urbildis ur mereh

 

 

 

t

  

rine, Thee bave voted again for the un-
fineling rhantenance of the gold standard,
and if *} wait vt standard
can be -trengthered and the currene
c rerneved from: politics the

14 to do it and do

’ } lace. th

noone difeartic

 

ra ne to the

 

’ tld
that wesheuld

 

 

    
     
  

e tha « ! ror ean conteste,
” nt) via! -

The e Tor f decided finally that
tary j t farther extended, nz
thes epower seer fa doom written in this

son. took t verthrow it Tn

aot f 1804 it waa frally decide tha’
the Tnion should be mainte Jat anv cnet,
and t at si ty Should cease to exist upon
Arner ,

To this ehort lt of great alectione we new
attaff The aes b re ‘ aig!
atthe late @ection w whether toe President

* had re aved the
n hia fore en poliey
We had entered into a
esti ns We wer t
wera to Treteat The '

eir votes, have de vded th

° nee

  

that we shall plas .
stace * ww h «

 

Aiike entitie : ‘
ormsion on a Pp
the tang’e of les
which that 4
opponents, and tt { was right-
filly ours thot wes 1 hele

During all the pest sonmrner of political
strife thev we Withhed the strong. cotie
sistent and brillian’ diplomacy, and the vise
firin action which have pla ed usin the fore.
front of the nations in China They came tu

realize as *h# dave “that the Pres dent
and the Secretary of State were writing there
in China a chapter of hstors which would be
one of the moat br tin the annale of the
VeltedStates  Refore the success of this moliey
ritielem *hrank

 

 

    
 

even party awav aAhashed and
silent andar OP SATO Tne the Qmrericgn . ene
tle lized that the cornerstone ef thae policy
Was nila So they ve east cside the tn.
easen tial and the triv the erie rav-
toms abe inrerialsm and militarism fell
non dent ears. and for realar woe the (meric
can peorle, wisely and triumrbantiy as I be.
leve, bave decided that the United States

reat part areorge the nations

should play its
here is no retreat from thie

of the earth

—

Crot a Warer ts Unfit to Prink,

|. Order Cari MH Sehults's Pore Carsonated Waters

from factory, 440 ist av, of of your druggist of
i grocer. —Adr.

 

 

 

Areculliar moed of praise |

| Years ago, felt that they

' been

‘ef acentury. He

| have been on sale since

'Mountha POM

him aermetidna. In tals world we are entitled

fet as much aieccess aa We conquer and
romore Better to have fought and loet than
pot to have fought at all. L decline, further,
becuse when L get back to Washington } arm
going to gather up the few of ue that are left,
Tneluding my friend Petugrew, and Lam going
to orwanize the society of Cheerful Losers
Ihe Senator from South Dakota and 1 are of
Aiflerent poiitioal partivs, although we st arted
tegetier, But he had really got the beter of

 

 

Mark Hanna. {iaughter) 2 say 1 cant
and yet in the heat of te compels Tsent him
appeals, without response, that would have
movedthe heart of a tiuimimy.
Queslon of eapansion and
it no fgure with the people
\ e are for the fruits of expansion.
there thousands of Mexicans, many of
are living there sull and ther sons and davgh-
tera still vahabit there, ivi their simpie lives
in adobe houses We knew nothing avout
sion it never occurred to us to atk the
aent of the goverced we simply etarted
with our rraire schoooers ‘actoss the 7 lains,
teo tines f@hting our way thera, and we
bolt our homes under the shadow of our ma-
estic mountains and we treated all men fairly.
Sod we erected our schoolhouses and our
cburches, and we made out of the desert a
garden, and ve feared cod, ard nothing ele
“It never oceurred to us to trouble ourselves
as to whether we were acquiri new terri-
tory or assioung new responsibilities, and
4s to anti-iniperialiam, we never even tried to
advocite it understand you back here
We bad few pon unseed anti-imperiaiste
who assumed the pose, but we knew them,
and we found what possibly you observed
here; that there was a certain aMiliation be-
tween the dvé@ ic tendeney and anti-irn-
peria lam and that anti-unperlais: and a
temperament went hand in hand
“We fought out our campaign on the dear
old issue of the ‘Crimeof 73’ and 16tol, There
was nothing left of it but a leader or two and
a reminiscence It alwaye retuinded, I can't
Quite teil wiv of the s% ry youmay have heardof
eorornan who Woreataid tinesand atailhours
of the day, a loccet. A friend of hers said
to heronece ‘You must have within that locket
fore very sacred and tender memento’
said Il have it is a locket of my husband's
hair.’ ‘ her friend said, ‘sour husband
is still Mving.” The woman replied: ‘Yes,
bot his hair ie all gone” (Taught

Yr. There
were the sands of peopla in ( o.orado, good
people, who, having

  

imperialiem
of Colorado
We found

whom

    
 

 

 

 

 

   

ed for Kryan four

would not be true to

thermaelvea unless ther voted for him again

and they w ned to tal of it and classed
thenisel ves leans

“We dids We did

i We

y oft us down
t) 2,000 or 28.0%, Applause.) It was fitting
that th great national issue which confronts
ua should be determined now and thatthe
voters of this Re }

  
        
  
 

       

 
  
 

nbhe should decide whether

   

p
oy would accent our new duties or wiuether

u would evade them
lbecentury now closing has been a marvel-

lous century in all that rertainete advancement
and smence and diacovery, but in all that re~
tea to the rlahts of the individual i has Leen
the most reactionary century since ) latory haa
written The first third of it was filled
with Wye ware of the Napoleons, when every
province wes the scene of blood and carnage
and of battle, and that was followed by the
Holy Aliance With thea seeand third of it
care the reaction, when ail men dreamed of
hiverty and In an freedom Young tre were
writing const (iti fora renubli Tasland
tetwasiobe Te people of Fra 1

    

ree dresired
ef the time when ther would be able to renew
e best of the orincinies of the French Revolu-
tion Heine struggled for liberty The Ger-
nstident and the German ) rofessor dreamed
* the time when thougute and acts should be
al ke free
Phe der men oft! isandionee will remember
that during that third of a century no inde.
pendent orater made his speech on the Fourt}
f duly that he did not pleture this co
a4 the forerunner of a untiyeraal brotherhood of
republics All men dreamed of that day to
ere
“What a change has come'in the last quarter
ne is? trrore France is
military harracks The great armies of
Forom through racial hate stand facing each
other with armed neutrality and call it peace

 

 

 

   

 

Thet same German professor who dreamed
of daye of fre does not dare talk to his
wife as he walks along the streets cf his (

roan town leet what he eave might be over-
heard and deemed leseemaieaty The question of
peace and war forthe whole world rests in the
veck ard ned of the Czar of all the Rus-les
“We, and we alone, heave the tree of freedon
grown = Its outspreading branches cover mil
fons of happy free and cor tented neonle I
thie republe ta to live and not perish it mus
he beeatae ite people accept cheerfully
reaponsitilities imposed upon them
planse) Theanswerhas been givent)'s month
and the American people ot the dawn of the new
itury, the American people in whoee hearts
as brightiv the fir-a of herty and of pa-
Pe - rerin our histery, have declared
ont fathers the path of safety

  

ome

 

    

saefor

Smith followed Senator
eeoh after which the ban-
to the reeertion room
‘resident and Gov. Roosevelt
Pres dert MeRinier and the
embers of hia Cabinet left a few minutes
after nidnight for Washington, Gov. Roose-
velt returning to New York

 
 

f where the
received the:
!

$100,000 FOR BERNHARDT TICKETS

 

Already Paid in at the Garden Theatre tn Solid
Cash.

The advance eale of seate for the Rernhardt-
Coquelin perform unces at the Garden Theatre
has been almost unprecedented. Last nicht
when box office closed $100,000 In good
American money had been handedin for ticketa,

the

 

 

' for the Orkney Island service, and later pur-

|

| Jersey man, weil known asa ski ful navigator

She!

 

SECO py,

rRIRE & GCOVFRVOR,

ThiFfh 10

SHIP LOST WITH 26 LIVES.

GOFS TO PIECES ON THE ROCKS IV THE

Contractor Gihbeon Correp ty Offers
Longing of Micste pp! Money

Gov.

Jdackaon, Mise, Now 24 Tiere wae n re!
GULF OF ST. LAWKEACE. eveiterment around the Missiasipgi  oapitel
to-day than at any time since the niaht ove |

years ago when Mr Bryan declared be would
suffer his right arm to wither and ret fro hos
body before be would support a gold big for
the Presidency. A stranger
gives hie name as BOR Gibson, and eays bo
gansport, Ind. istis home, offered Gov Lerging
a large wim in exchange for the contract to
build the new million-dollar capitol Bids
are to be fled with the Governor, who i# Presi.
dent of the Buliding Committee, on Dee §&
They are to be opened and the contract awarded
on Monday, Dee 10

Gibson proposed that the Governor stould
secretly open bids on Sunday, furnish him
figures and perialt him to file lower bid) He
told the Governor that combinations had been
formed in Chicago and St. Louis, in whieh
Architect Link wae interested, for building
the capitol, and that he, Gibson, had failed
to get admission For this reason he was so
anxious to secure the contract that he was
willing to pay liberally. He was prepared to
pay the Governor $15,009 spot onsh and to sign
agreement to divide the profits on the con-
tract to be awarded to him and his associates

The Governor held in iis anger till be called
Secretary Coman a2 witness to the propoai-
tion, and when it had been repeated he ordered
Gibson out of the office and told his secretary
to notify the police and have the man arrested
In ten minutes Gibson was landed tn jai! The
Governor went immediately to Justice Fitz.
gerald and gwore out a warrant charging Gib-
son with attempt to bribe an official

Gibson hired one of the best lawyers tn the
city and pleaded not gulitv. The Governor
and his private secretary testified and (Glnsen
was placed under $5,000 bond, which he gave

The St. Ofaf Wrecked at the Eatrance of Seven
Islands Bay on Her Way to Quebec From the
Nerth Hodies Washed Ashore — Seven Pas-
eongere and « (Crew of Nineteesn Lest.

Qurnec, Nov 2 The coasting steamer
St. Olaf has gone to pieces on the rocas at the
eutrance of Seven Islands Bay, on the north
coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, arrd it is be-
heved that of the twenty-ain) persons on board
the ili-fated vessel not one has survived to
tell the story of the wreck, A Woman's body,
washed ashore to-day, and a mailbag left on
the beach at low tide were the first indica-
tions of the tragedy, and later in the day other
pieces of wreckage and iore dead bodies came
ashore. P. EF. Vignanit, Postmaster at Seven
islands, wired the first intelligence to this
city, and eince noon full confirmation of the
disaster has been received

The Hudson Bay offictal at Seven Islands,
Mr. Koss, has a searching party out, but it Is
searcely Likely there are any survivors, for the
disaster must have occurred late on Wednes-
day night or early on Thursday morning. A
heavy gale from the east was blow.ng on
Wednesday and Thursday withsnow. The
St. Olaf passed Sheldrake on Wednesday after-
noon and should have reached Seven Islands
early on Tiursday. When ehe failed to appear
there, it was thought that she had proceeded
on to Quebec instead of attempting to make
the bay in so fearful a gale accompanied by
sich blinding snow. It is evident that she
did make the attempt, and the discovery at
low water to-day of her bow and one of her
boilers onthe rocks of Boule Island, at the
mouth of the bay, told the story of the dis-
aster. after telegraphing to Logauspo't friends

The St. Olaf was an iron steamship of 650 Gibaon arrived in Jackson on Nov 16 are
tona, built on the Clyde eighteen years ago | companied by J W Moore, aso of Logansport,
and bringing credentials from officials of that

 

 

chased by A, Fraser of thiacity to run to the
Magdalena Islands, She succeeded the Otter,
wrecked on the Labrador coast two years |
ago, aa @ coasting steamer between Quebec |
and Esquimaux Point, and was also sub-idized
for convesing the Government mais. Amerl-
can salmon fishermen, who frequent the
rivers of Labrador, know Olaf well,

able money andableto carry out any contracts
ther may make Their bribe would have
the Governor has been out of the city
Moore was not arrested
The Governor has been
the Se
Capt. Leniaistre, commander, was 4] Miasissipp! is punishable by a fine of $1,000

her

 

He leaves a family in Montecal. The other ~o 0 0 2 2  ——-——
menbere of the crew were Loute Caren, first
mate: Charles Houdreault, second mate; FN
Veit, purser: Joseph Tremblay, steward. Joseph
ur Lemarre, Joseph Gauthier,
able-bodied

WE CONTROL THE IRON TRADE.

 

Chicago Expert, Home From Europe, Says the
Foreign Market ts Ours.

Ray, cook; Art . .
Crtcaao, Nov. 244 -W. J. Chalmers of Frazer

Sam Doyle and William Blainey,
& Chalmers, after nearly ameonth spentin ex.

seamen; Amedee Signeault, lamp tnmmer, z
Joseph Arsenault, cabin bor: Gus Lafleur, | amining the shops of France, Gerinany and
| mesatoom bey: Fugene Bulanger chief engi- {| England, bas returned, convinced that the
neer: Joseph Brunelle, second engineer, Wifred | 1 nited States is in a position to control the

tre)

Seats for the entire engagement of five weeks |

Wednesday from 9 A
‘The line every day has for
hours extended clear arourd Madison Square

Carden, Yesterday alone $10,000 was paid for
tiekets

The subscription sale of seata began Iast
Monday and omy lasted tnat one day Pure

| Chasers on that day had to huy seats for every

performance Tue prices for tickets range
from $5 to $15) tn the second baleony
Orchestra seats are @ end boxes $25 and $20

 

How many seats tle speculators have bought
wont be known until they begin to offer them
1 lanacement admit that speculators hold

    

nant seats
rea lar theatre
ve been well suppliec

encies at the
tickets

ticket a

¢ with

These cgencies are selling at box off ce prices
at there jvestof Maurie Grau, who allows
t agencies a perernisae in Neu of the proft

 

 

they would make by lnereasing the box office
prtee

‘anager Frank Mahlerof the Garden Theatre
said last nig’ tthat what eurprised him was the
lage advance «rh of seats for “Can ille ”

    

 

      

  

 

Vime Ber rdt has played ‘Camille’ on
al her previone visita here,” seid Mr. Mahier,
* one would naturally. think that there
w doe more of a demand for performances
in which she has not appeared here before.”

n* advan sale for the “L'Alglon” per.
fornaAne has cee very large, but ‘Camille’
ta ) bees greaiy in desaand, | While
most house has been = out for the
forty performances we still have tickets left |
for each performance The advance sale
shows that Mine Teernhardt and M. Coquelin
will play te 4 84.000 house at each perform.
ale

Steamer Gor. Dingiey Sinks a Fishing Vessel.
Reston, Nov. 24

 

Thesteamer Gov, Dingley,

which arrived here this mornina from Portland,
reverted hoving been in collision last evening
hetween Spring Point Light. and Portland

th the Harnewe', flehing echooner
» Posy ting in the <nking of the Mi-
pett The Minette was inward hound with

1 minds of fish. and those on the
that she tacked suip almost under
the ster ier’s bow The Dingiev era hed into
her amost amidehins. The crew of three men
of the ‘sling vessel dromped their dory over-

 

board and were in no need of assistance, The | quis Rodelph de Voelk!

steamer Sustained no damage,

 

Veer Thankegiving. D’aner
will not be complete without Evans’ Ale —Ada

lowith all the members of his Cabinet, exoept

'
{
i
having usedit forreaching their fishing grounds patter ‘The attenpt to bribe an official tn

foreign markets for ironand steel and their
Joho Geene and Thomas Doyle, fremen. Out- | producta, What connection, if any, his two
aide of these nineteen members of the crew, ‘ recent European visits have upon the future
at least seven pas-engers are known to have | plana ofthe concern wt ich he represents, he re
been on board, name'y) Miss Mary Page of aed a ae Conta @ewith regard te
Thunder River, whose body waa found on the and steel trade, he

beach with a life preserver, Louis Gagnon

of Pentecost, Me, merchant, formerly of Quebec:,
Napoleon Baudein of St. Joan's Rivarof an
Joseph Bacon, Clarence Bond, teeg., Serceast

“thet
and Michel Maher of Sheldrake a te a wie

Bulanger, thirdengtneer, and O' Dillon Cormier,

 
 

condi

 

’

r }° relative to the iron
ke

“There is no longer @ny doubt that the United
States ie now getting the bulk of the iron and
weit trade, and I arm convinesd that this will

  

 

we the case for many years to come. There
‘as Le woUuLtry to-day which can successfully
compete with us in this line, and the condi-
| ons in Enrope are not such as setivusiy to
| nenace our supremacy In Germany there
are many shops being bullt, and they are spien-
| didly equiped mrne-tenton F, the tonis,
aa however, which are being used In the shops

With His Cabinet He Is a Guest at the Talore eee eee ee eeican manufactare.
Gary Sarriage in Maitimore. i Y ir gfeatest competitor for the Jjoreiun
. trade will be Cerne . *, ie rapidly rTe-
President McKinley | paring to become rerons bidder fur the
trade, I do not care at this time to enter inte
| a comparative stetement of the merits cf the
in this and foreign countries and it is
ent to acy that we ate competing sie.
ir inallthe marketa of the world) The
reason for this ia te be found in better equip.
raent, and that in tines of depression the iron
men have bulit and planned for the harvest

of the future.”

 

 

PRESIDENT AT A WEDDING.

 

 

 

Battiwerr, Novo 4

 

Secretary of War Root, who wason the way! ¥
from Cuba, arrived in Baltimore at noon to-day |
to attend the wedding of former Posty asters |
General Gary's eldest daughter, Lidlin, to Mr
Robert Vavior of New York. Several of the
ladies of the Cabinet were in the party, but)
Mrs MeKinley, owing to indisposition, did not
come. The ladies in the party were Mrs, (rage, |
Mieses Girgcs diugiters of the Attorneys |
|
|

9

 

 

 

BEATS THE RECORD 10 ‘FRISCO.

Steamship Serra Makes the Trip From Phila-
deiphia in Thirty-nine Days.

Saw Francisco, Nov 2—The

Sierra, built at Philadelphia for the Oceanic

 

General, Mrs, MeKonna, wifeof the S orreme
Court lustioe: Misa Wilson, daughter of Secre
taTy Wilson, and Miss Bilss, daughter of exe

hecretary Corne tus No bisa

    

addition to the President, those inthe parts gragimeiip Company, arrived to-day after a
wore Secretary Hav, Secretary Gage, At t
General Grizes, Poatmaster-Gonera! voyage of thirty-nine days and sixteen hours,
secretary Lone, Secretary yerer ex k, This tine stnashes the record which has been
tary Wissen, former Se retary Liias, Senator , .
Hanry rk Lodge of Massachusetts, Mr held for seventeen years by tt e Alameda When
Cortelyou, secretary to the President, and | the Alameda came here from tie Eastern ship-
Mr. Barnes, assistant secretary The Presi- yard she made tie run in forty-five days
dential party ¢au.e on @ éecial train, 1@ Sierra is one of three sister ships that are to
There was a crowd of hetween 1,500 and ply on the Pacife, her miates being the Sonoma
oo people at Union Station awaiting the , and Ventura. The Sierra will go on the Sydney,
7 Australia, run taking theplace cf the Marineosa

   
      
 

ival of the President, and they greeted him

he Anotlerlargecrowd had gathered
fMre. Gary, at Linden ¢
n street, and from there aleo there
earty shout of welcome 4s tle Presi-
dent's carrie drew up,

he tl armage ceremony Waa
in the fires Arawing room on &n elevated plat-
foru, the large bow window beans transformed

The new steamer left Philadelphia on Cet
venue | it. Rough weather of the Straita of Mageilan
delayed her thirteen hours During the en-
tire trip the Sierra behaved aplendicly,
tow herself a fine sea craft. The new steamer
performed jis one o° the largest ever seen at this port,
Her length is 425 feet; beam, 50 feet burden,
6.00 tons She was built to comply with the

 

 

  

  

    

 
  

  

into # bower of huge palma. The Rev. Dr nave regulations and can be chang an
Maithie I) Rabeock of New York, formerly ane liary cruiser in thirty-six hours The ser-
of Baltir ore, and the Rey. J. Fo Dennison of vice that will be inaugurated br the new
Catonsville were the ofciaung cleraynen. | stenmers will shorten the sailing ‘ime. be-

ers, all friends of the bridegroom tween thie city and other Pacific ports From

 

San Francisco to Honolulu the new schedule
calls for $4 days: to Samoa, 125; days: to Auck-
land, 15', days; to Sydney, 20 days

The
froma, New York, were Dr. Alfred W. Gardner,
Mr Wills Fowler, Mr. Cary T. Hutchins and
Mr James Clarke Motjuire. There were no
bridesmaids) The maid of honor was Mise |
Madeleine Gary, the you t and only "k

 

narried sister of the bride. Dr. George A, NEGRO COLLEGE ORATOR
‘Layior of New York was best man ee

Mrs. Tavicr ta the eldest cf seven sisters,
During Mr, Gary's term of off'« f; she was prom
tically at the head cf his househo!ld. Mr. Tay-

Chosea to Represent Indiana University at the
State Oratorical Contest.

tor isa son of the late Dr. George A. Taylor, INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 24—The first colored
U.S A. His mother is Mrs. Sinclair of Catons- | student that will represent his inatitutien
ville, He isa lawver, and after taking his {n the State enliegiate oratorical contest is

M.A at the Univereity of veges lp two yeare, '
the prescribed course being four, he took hie! = u  &. a°
Retprwith distinction, atthe enue Univeraty, | MAM ti ceEMND atten Poet aah phn
lle is en@aged in practice in New York. | the college to the State contest, which includes
* representatives from each of the colleges

HERE'S A NEW REPUBLIC! of Indiana, Wan held last night and Tyler car-
ee ried of the honors There were fifteen ora-

Willis Oliver Tyler, now a student at the In-

 

 

 

It's Name Is Acre —It's in South Americaand | wor, accented and the authors ordered to
Has Sent @ Minister Here. ! deliver then so that Judgment might be rene

Drxver, Nov. 4.—Henry W. Phillips, the dered upon expression, manner and other
pointain deilvery. The vvarkines of the Judges

“fret Minister to the United States” from the Showed that Tyler bad triumpi.ed easily,
new South American “Republic of Acre,” passed Loder is 23 . era oid and was born in Bloon
through Denver on his way to Washington | eee eed ~ State I gi ny bituated
e — £ “ * ac V Tre Mgh school at e
toeday, “Acreopolis,” said Mr, Phillips, “is: (yf nf. clas, Hela now working hin was t
the capital city of the Kepublic of Acre, the | the university ps taking care of some of the
‘Forest Republic,’ we like to eall it way | Club rooms and the rooms of more fortunate
ident t is itt iat he e th
of variety. Somecall usthe ‘Rubber R@Public.’ ae it © aamigee that deserved the
I dare say the nationality is not widely known,
being new, and to secure formal recognition
en the part of the United States is in fact my
mission, Jhelieve this is the firet time that
Acreopelis has been written on any Amefican
hotel re er, for I did not stopatSan Fran.
ciseo on my arm al from South Amefica, being
ina hurry to be at Washington before the open.
ing of Congress
“Tam the accredited Minister of a sound re
mublie, which is established for all tine. we
veiieve, and aa firmly as any in South America;
pecnare more firmly than some, belne as it

 

 

vaity is

   

 

PAN-AMERICAN ART COMMITTEE

Gives a Dinner to the Architects Who De-
signed the Exnosition Buildings.

The Art Committee of the BuvTalo Pan- (mori
can Exposition gave a dinner at Delmonteo’s
last night to the architeet~ who prepared the

lane of the expoaition buildings and to a few
nvited guest« Willtar Ao CoMn, director «f
fine arts at the exposition, presided, and tire

   
  
 

+ in fact an Anglo-Saxon republie th

again a Yaniee republic 7. public and ther i were a aumk er = peeches a ,t e Cust
curing the fast fife onthe . } j mong those present were bn G fi).
During | fteen months a soeralle | burn, President of the «xposition: Willia

  

reoublic, Known as Acre, bas sprung up in the

I Buchanan, director general Frederick I

 

 

' rat cements 5 Sry Anng SUE vil and party | 2 Becpenen, Gunctar Generek Frederick Dist
n Boliv ) an, John “ exident of the So
iragiiian” bankas and ra @% actr domes ! of American Artists Richard Watson Giider
Ana, who has S¢t Blin? font | aad Paul Dana

over 6 communt ¥ of = (ER ONLY all | nets

of whom are in my a * . 3 , ‘ ,

have been mad, £@air 1ea Caddies SAYS HE'S ANDV FREEDMAN'S CLERK.
by both Brazil agt Boll vs ' @

<a, » Vocal Young Man Arrested Who Threatens to
CAMPANIA Ay iUser Mig. Co. 2 | “Send the Cop to the Goats.”

 

congratulated on |

in the city, who |

ounty to the effect that they are worth consider. |

been offered before this but for the fact that |

al! sides for the manly stand he took in the)

t

new steamer |

prov |

| ation

tions submitted to the faculty and six of these |

head |
rough |

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.— COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. —TIIRTY-TWO PAGES,

 

COP RESCURS

Climte Plectric Etaht Pole and Nrings Down
an Uncanecions Lamp Trimmer.
Hoffman
Mary's H
side partialy

William R
hoken, ie in St
with hie right
fa shock he

result «

in Clectric H@ht at the ton of a forty -foot pole
bie

Chan, berlain, tt

vesterday at Woeeat
hawke Patrolmar

© protests of the crowd of peotde that bad
weathered, ascended the poie and br
Hofiman's cout had caught
on the cross arn) of the pole and saved him from

man tothe ground

fallire to the street

North Hudson Light, Heat and Power Companys

10U PAYN'S COMING MARRIAGE.

The Bride-to Be Is Wiss Marion K. Heath, His
Former Private Secretary.

Atmaxy, Now 234

made of the engagement of Louts F
daughter of the late dotin C

Marion K Heath,

Heath of Washington, D.C
been residing with her mother in
Doring partof Mr Payn's

the past three years
administration
Miss Heath

-_——

MR BRYAN IN

Refused to Discnss the Political Ontiook or the
Proposed Party Reorganization.

rite wine

rece

of the
Was his
date for the marriage has been fixed

LIT Rain to-day and probably to-morrow.
‘?

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

YALE WINS, 28 T00

Harvard Line Easily Broken by
the New Haven Giants,

 

vier.

 

treet, Ho- |

that city

f oe Pore

epital or
paralvved aa the |

ed whtle trimming

street, Wee.
epite of

enth
veht Hoff.

He ix emloved by the

THE CRIMSON MEN QVERTRAINED,

The announcement i
Payn to

Tackle Back a Leading Feature of
the Blue's Play.

Miss Heath has
Albany for

Insurance Department

private secretary No

Condition, Weight and Stamina Ataed the Pope
Men in Gatning the Football Chan fo
ship) Harvard's Defence Weak trou
Start -The Ka'l Is Rushed to Within a Pow:
of the Crimeon Goal Line on the First Kic |

CHICAGO

lov. 2 ilar Jenn Rr
Curcaco, Nov. 24-- Willian Jennings Broan Of - Bloomer Scores the Liret Poachdon
eame to Chicago to-dar for the firet tine eince in | Th 1

, 5
a taviewad the bia Damoctatio demonstration n Less an len Winates’ Viay At the
here on the Saturday night preceding the elec End of the First Half the Score ls 12 to 0
tion. Ale arrived thie mornire@ and spent in Favor of the New Haven Eleven 23.00%
na ¢ , ir ‘ tation
moat of the afternoon in consultation with Persons See the Lig Game on Yate Pict!

Charles A. Towne

forum. Annex
with

at Lineoln, Neb,

Towne,” said Mr
Thissiven
her
matters witl
meet him No
talked about

here

 

 

  

reorganization of the Democrat
: discuse ane bods
and I dont caret

I never
wes toereply,

 

matt ref reorganization at
Rewarding his plans forthe future Mr Brran

was also silent.

 

 

A "National Conference’ to Decide What Shall
Be Done ia Politics Hereafter.

Darras, Tex , Nov. 24.—An important national
political conference’ is to assemble in St, Louts
Parker,
Middle-of-the-Road Populist Executive Commut-
tee, who is ten.porarly sojourning in Dallas, to-
day issued the call for the conference

“The recent campaign has unmistakably dem-
that no makeshift of a re-
ferm party can win; that no party which linke
conservatism an
pollutes the ballot and destreys manhood euf-
The overwhelming victory
of the Kepublican part y was brought about by
upho
tendencies, but who sought to rebuke
ccratic machine for ite inetnoseity  ceeey to joia

ovement,

beth old perties, and founded onthe baste prin-

ciples of Populism, regardless of name.
ine Porpultet party bolds the key

on Dee, 2 J. A.

onstrated the fact

itself with

rage can succeed

men who do net

any honest reform

poliuical situation.
compel

it shell have achiev

labors and sacrifices,”

 

MAY FINE

 

Mavor's Marshal Is Not Done With the Mark
Twain Case Yet.

Mayor's Marshal Roche sald yesterday that
he still had under consideration the case of
M. J. Byrne, the employer of the cabman,
William Beck, whose license was suspended
jast Thursday_on complaint of Mark T
Reck wit
and giving a false numbe

‘] had Byrne down
said Mr. Roche, “andl
I told bim that if another complaint like the
alnst Beck came in ] would take away
license altogether. 1
yet through with Byrne
fession that he tried to make passengers make |
up for the time lost
perhape, it might be advisable

who chareed

one
his (Byrne's)

fares 1 think,

to infllet a fine upon him.

later on.”

JERRY SIMPSON SELLS

 

Purchases a Controlling Interest in the Union
live Stock Company.

Kansas (ity, Mo, Nov 2%
man Jerry Simpson has sold his farm in Barber
eounty, Kan, an‘ today purchased a control-
ling interest in the Unton LiveStock Company

a@ Stockyards commission Orin
vlan
in the company)
‘Luere has been more or less friction
In the company, and a meeting of stockholders
was held today to straiguten things out
meeting was that Mr Simpson
bought out a number of stockhwiders, acquir-
& three-fifios interest in
He will manage (he business personally although
he may not remove his family to
It ia possible that former Con-
kresatiat Mason Peters of the Second Kansas |

district will become associated with Mr. Simp- sult of an eighteen-yard run by (hadwick for

on the cooperative
4 stall intel

 

result of the

ing
for some time

son

 

CRANE

 

Went Down to the Raliroad Station in Baiti-
more to Have a Talk.

24.—-There was a crank in
the crowd that met the President at the rail-
road station here to-day when he came to | y
attend the Taylor-Gary wedding. The crank
thoughtiessly confided bis ideas to the police
with the result that Patrolman Lancaster wos |
erdered net to let him @et out of sight until
the President had left the city
that the President had requested him to meet
itn at the station, but that he had had a hard |

> it, at hie wife had just received
ved him te stay
shrewdly got inside the line |
before
rv coming up from Caly. rt station
fie was soon huetled out of the
‘The police think him harmless

CAT'S RIDE IN A FLYWHEBL.

Baitimone, Nov

 
 
 
 
  

minute

 

Mace Fights-seven Revolutions a Minate for
‘Two and a Halt Hours.

Nov. 44

jumped into a large flywheel of the

Con.pany's

Siukpoyaan, Wis,

Lefrigerator
afternoon, As the
well atop and shut off

ting down

 

  
 
 

of Minneota,
Fred Dubois of Idaho and others atthe Audi-
After
Mavor flarrison,

other Chicago Dern ocrat-,
: a late Four to-night
“Il am here si ugly to have a talk with Mr
jrvan. when asked about his
“1 learned that he waa to be
day, and asl wanted to talk overcertain | Lt
! iy: 2 TGA Ore Tans anal oo would be about an even thing, but as it tur. «
The political outhook® Oh, it
» soon to talk of that now
|
|
'
\
'

it did you think, Mr Bryan, of Chatr-
ones's recent interview on the proposed |

MIDDLE -OF-THF-ROAD POPS.

political reclignment
of the great common

CAB OWNCR BYRNT.

 

TRIED TO MEET M'RINLEY.

engineer could not
lights lo release
inal, he waited until the uaual time of ehut- |
On stopping the engine he found |

ex-Senator

NeW Haven, Now 24 Asa fitting ein

Robert F. Burke and | @ anor ob upsets Yale's team ot footbell giant

he left for his home | won intereoliegiite championship f «

Harvard this afternoon in @ manner that wes
appalling to the great crowd of Crimson enti «

Peiasts, who filled half the seats inthe vast arena

rally bellewed that the gar

spending the evening

had then mene

out Harvard was buried under the o
ing figures of 2s toa

Atr
Gane, eo to speak

erwtie.s
All vou need
/ time was the Harvard eleven in the
The Crimson men were
outplaved, coutgeneralled and = outiou@s:
from the very stam So surprisingly
Was thei? showing that before the oatthe had
been under way filteen minutes it was the
consensus of opinion that something was the
matter with the players from (ambridge
That they were overtrained there can be litrie
doubt. They certainiy looked it. for every
one of thern was pale and overdrawn as to
countenance and when the Yale men were at
their best the Crimson defenders could not
stand the «train and had to give way.

Before the end came every position on the
Harvard team was filled by a mubstitute, excep:
centre malt tackle and right half back. The
playing of thess subetitutes in the latter part of
the contest was #0 much superior to that of the
regulars whose places they had taken that it
wave ground for the belief that the Harvard
eleven when it came upon the fleid at 2 o'clock
this afternoon was not the same eleven, phy+-
loally, that defeated Pennsylvania three weeks
ago. This fact does not detract, however,
from the magnificent football playing of the
Yale team. The men improved, if anything,
and put up @ better all-around game thar ther
did at Princeton last Saturday. With Fincke
at quarter back there was no fumbling of kicks,
and the whole eleven was handied with beauti-
ful judgment all the way through.

Once again condition, weight and atamina
pulled Yale through. It was ae case of a tear,
of giants trained to the hour battling with a
combination of comparative weaklings who
had gone back ia the moet surprising manner.
Harvard's defence almost from the very firet
scrimmage wae unable to withstand the ter-
rific line bucking of the heavyweights who were
hurled at the tackles,ends and guards with
rapidity and irresistible power,

When Harvard had the ball, which was not
more than seventeen minutes actual playing
time in the two halves, the gains were ama!)
comparatively speaking, because of the in-
vulnerable defence of the Yale rush line and
backs. In the first half Harvard made on.»
eighteen yards, while Yale rolled up 214, in-
waited for | cluding runs after caught punta. In the second

half, Harvard's @ubstitute tearm made a tota
of 138 vards while Yale hammered out 224,
making a total of 440 yards for the New Haven
eleven a5 Against 156 Yor the Crimson

On the first kick-off Yaie rushed the ball up
to within one foot of Harvard's goal line,where
it was lost on a fumble by Sharpe, but as soon
as it was kicked out of danger the New Haven-
{tes rushed it back again with great visor and
Bloomer wes jammed over for a touchdowr,
which oceurred inside of ten minutes. Net
lonw after this Harvard lost the ball on a
tumbie, and Fineke nade a risenifcent alyty-
yard run through the Cambridge back f«
without being tackled, for the second t
down. The seore at the end of the fret hat
was 12 to@

Yale was so much superior to Harvard at
that stage of the game that many of the ertics
predicted a #@ toOscore The atieen pont-
made by Yale in the second half were the re-

ec perty?°
« interviews,”

 

poor

 

‘
else
aise: 88 the
resent

Chairman of the

It sald.

capitaliam, that

capitalistie Republican
e Dem-

ndependent of

to the
in ponition to
in the interest
eople, and in doing so,
the fruition of its past

ie pow

a

wain,
atternpted extortion

yber.
here since the hearing,”
read the riot act to him,

  

am n
n view of his con-

 

while they
J shall decide that

AIS FARM.

 

Fx-Congrens-

doing business
Mr Simpeon has hed
since Its or@ane

The

the business

Kansas City

& touchdown from which no goal was kicked
an eighty-five-yard sprint down the fleld bs
Coy, who pleked up the ball after it had been
fumbled and crossed the goal line, after whieh
Hale kicked the ball over the crossbar, and a
clever goal from the %+-vard vine drop kicked
by Sharpe with consummate ease
Harvard never had @ chance to menace
| Yale's goal Une In fact, if anything the Cam-
bridge eleven played a weaker game. all t.ings
considered, than Princeton did last Saturday,
and for that reason the belief cannot he die
| pelled that there Was some reason other than
that of poor playing for the astounding slump
Yale appeared to piek out Hervards weak
spots without any trouble Eaton waa made
,@ mark of as soon as the Biues got the ball
| and so Was Campbell, the noted end ruan, who
| was completely outplayed and whose succes
| sor, Bowaich, played a much si perior game
|
‘
|

 

The man said

af home and!

the Presidential train

Both of Harvard s guards® were found to he
#0 Weak that the coachers took ther out, though
they were not sufiering from any severe ir-

ures. As assign of how desperate the Har-
vard leaders were, iC is only neceseary te poins
out that they substituted big Loberts for Bar.
nard at right guard, though the former had not
played that position before. “When Cap
Daly left the game he was not crippled to any
extent, though he limped slightly, but he waa

~A maltese cat
Tymouth
yesterday

very
the ani- |

er gine

  

the alive and clinging to the flywheel so white in the face that he looked asf be haa
sig Lis tw iv: feet in diameter and makes | been taken seriously dll, He was unquestion-

ven revelution® a minute Conse. | 7 ’ —
quently, during two and one buf hours the | 4¥/¥ covertrained and was compelled to give
eat covered a distance of about 120 miles. | Up awainst his) will,

The cat lives, and with the exception of lame. |
hess appears none the worse for the experience

FOR HER FACIAL BEAUTY.

$600

 

Mrs.

Rostox, Nov 2

 

 

De Liste Geta a Verdict of Damages
Against a Dermatotogi«t.
In the

   

As soon a® Daly left the Harvard team |
| wan expected that chars wed reign, but
Fineke, a cousin of the Yale quarter bach, wl
| succeeded Dairy, immediate’y braced the elewe
up and played a superb individual @ame that
stirred up the Harvard crowd to a piteh of en
thusiasm that was entirey unexpected Fincke

\
|

eourt |

| electrifled the Cambridge supporters ty

municipal

| this morning Judge Dewey awarded tae darn- the
' f ¢ Y iekart of th vest Thirty- h = ¢ .
"ERS MITHS, | P rn mi bart of ne West Thirty-seventt wes to Loume De Lisle, a Roxbury aspirant to pluckiest kinds of rune for ffteen. trenty and
It Was a Preter Thic ¢ eet station told four young inen in evening the deametic stage, who ued) Dr Frank | twenty-five yarde respective! broken tela
, } os ® : treet ne jrough. a dermatclogiat ause he «pei! :
She Way) thea to stop singing in Thirtieth street near pout wa eye | > ae a pe and those who saw him perform ate probably
9 ’ t en y‘cloe ' eornir 4 . ' ‘ ! ? t } : <
The Cunarder Convg <" ridaot gine . oe wereey Cle morming. | ‘ nober left-cheek Mrs De [tele | Willing to predict to-diy thar be voll bea rep.
and Queer.stown, whicla op Ae b gt ved ong ne oo two of them Pthat ier Broveh inede | war player on the Harvard * nex! ‘ear
early Inst evening atter i PS of the men Who said that he was kdward = h oun f the cretse, not at ineke not af larvare ound
‘ ye ier Wataon of 4 West Bnd avenue said that "he hair li d have done, according Barring Pinck a er flarvard ground

pot come up tr
pess cf the night she ance

and will come up this moril4 E. 15th St.

passengers were Lady Cuter sub ave
————— “AE oa
Prince Alb ET VVCUEEU® | core: From the Start to the Finten

Bewer. = Full ,
tas ope = Ale be your beverage on Thanksgiving.

would have “the cop sentto the goats ”
ther youn
Cc

man arrested said he was

| eavas Andrew Freedman's confidential clerk
| Brooks, a Brookiyn LAtin school

22a227¢e

 

to her th
a way Pf
The plaintif, wie

 

Ralf Fare te Niegara Falte

vie New York Central.
ebet agents —Ada

ry, but upon ber face, and in such
te distort the position of her ear
has beer studying earnestly
for the stage, considered that her chances of
dramatic success were injured seriously

@ainer did anrthing compicucus In faet the
attempts to get through Vule'* bulky centre
and around the ends were at times pitiable in
the extreme. Harvard died hard and in the

 

 

 

 

‘Tiexete seid Nov. 28 Sco The Happy In@aence ©! 1b nhogtving
' WE te festivities are premoted by Evan’ Ap. — +6

oe

EE