————— TE

cae

   

saw goons
Women af the Nenateanre
an tranaiate

Ainoet all adocatet perenne
1} eeaent

enne cant

 

Franc) after a faahin

fut wary few can de (tf aceret ated edeirat
Held haa the diMoult task herr cerlormeed
hatter then It la ty Me temonoe iter nen t¥
in hie verdion a eu wte, yet
already cotetentat The Wower the I au
eine q p encem n en actor
pal tavinam Fitna ft werd be enliie
tore erfectio the att f tin orwinal
feriet> a* fa wit); wit arkye 9 A hummer
and ia yin aperet mique erare charn lhe
tran ever wmnade eloee opproach
te the aelievement, and it met have at hin
a vast armeountoof laber for he has been at the
pa af traneerring inte rhymed Hnglieh
vere tonumerntle Trench poem dealing with
the mannere and ouetome of the flennwaance
The five hundred pages of this volume embody
an immense amount of ern fition, hut the learn-
ing 14 wo ekilfill imwuided, ia presented #9
atiractively and ata dfully that, to uae Mi iney's
metaphor, one seema to be taking a inedicine

of cherries In the seventeen chapters every

phase of the authors @ubject te stu fied, and
hot ona of them should be overlooked Wa
ehall mainly confine ourselves te those chan
ters which deal with the science of platomaern,
the rmiaaion of beauty and the embroidery
of life Meanwhile. the fret should be kent
in view that the ferminiat movement of the

Renaissance wan a fatlure and that the revival
of the movement tn our time la pursuing 4
somewhat different course

 

We ought first, parbaps, to glance at a ohapter
on the education of giris The n edie@val

bellef was that the more ignorant @ cir was |

eo much the better When she married at
18, awe she usually did, she was expected to

bring but tte with her, outelde her cowry, |

except solid health and o well-balanced char-
acter The husband would do the rest The
acheme of feminine instruction, indeed, In-
cluded on the artistic side some trifing pieces
of needlework, a rodimentary acquaintance
not with light but with olassical music; some

elementary books on religion or mor ‘lity, and |

ome crude notions of physics, agriculture and

mediciwe. The learned of the Middle Ages

had fermed no other conception of women's
needs The lilustrious Gerson (1863-1420) even
enunctated the aphorism “AD tnetriction for
women abould be looked at askance.” In
support of thelr poaltion they invoked the name
of St Chrpsostom and that of Lycurgus aleo
who wished to prolong the childhood of young
girls to the aichteenth year and to devote the
whole period to the care of the body One
mother, Anne of France, tho elder daughter
of Loute XJ and Regent of the kingdom during
the minority of her brother Charies VIIL,
showed to what good acoount these apparentiy
alender opportunities might be turned In a
little book designed for her daughter's use,
she evidently assumes a wide mental culture
to begin with and a certain robustness of tn-
telligence She intended the moral and philo-
sophie education of the girl to be carried out
with the aid of Boethius, Plato, the fathers
of the Church and the ancient philosophers.
Asa drowning man clings to a rope, 60 Anne
of France clung to a precise and objective
morality, which, fimmly anchored on religious
faith, might defy diacouragements and fatigues
as well as disillusions. She feared rather than
desired the intrusion of mstieticism On the
other hand, ahe had no bent toward German
nulilananiam. At the same time, she bad no
faith in the tdealiem which wae already doml-
nant In Italy. She foyfully bailed the dawn
of the Frenoh Renaisainoe, but did not believe
that the day was fully come For women to
be queans would be admirable, no doubt; but
for the present, she thought It enough for them
to escape crushing. What they needed was
will, and, as @ consequence, intellect and tn-
dividuality. In oontemporary Spain people
were no longer eatisfied with the compromise
devised by Anne of France. There little giris
eucked in Latin with thetr mother’s milk; they
had a tutor given to them at an age when they
ought to have been learning nothing but how
to walk, at7 they were expected to be able
to maintain a cormwersation, and at 13 an
Infanta woe supposed to have finished
her atudies and to be ripe for matri-
mony. This programme was not only pro-
pounded but largely carried out in practice
by one of the most conspicuous men of the
times, Vives, the tutor of Isabella the Catha-
lio’s daughter. Vivds went to England in
the train of Catherine of Aragon, and even
in that country of matter-of-fact aspirations
be was successful in rousing enthusinsm for
his ideals. His fervor led to a revoliition, or,
rather, as Frasmus aid, to a “topsy-turvr-
dom” {n bigh society; the men who continued
to soour the seas and do business in great
waters, fell qnite to the rear, while the young
ladies stepping to the front engaged with a
brisk rivairy in marvellous exhibitions of pre-
cocity. At 13, as Roger Aschain telis us, Lady
Jane Grey read Plato's PAaedo tn Greok, “and
that with as much pleasure as sorne gentle-
men would read a merry tale in Bocoace,” At
the same age Mary Stuart delivered in publio
ber first Latin speech: at 14 Queen Flirabeth
tranaluted a work by Margaret of Franco,
“The Mirror of the Simple Sow” These won-
derfuly clever ohildren were not confined to
any particular country; the same breere fanned
the same flame from John O'Groat’s to
Gibraltar.

Doloe, a esupreme expounder of Italian edu-
cational views, took for the formation of an
Italian woman the reoognized clementa—chas-
tity, modesty, reserve, compomre and a
thorough eatudy of the classics and the Church
fathere: from all this he would fashion the
eweetest creature imaginable. He held that
there was no reason to abstain from cultivating
carefully @ young girl's capacity for loving,
seeing that, as a woman, she would find in
{t her chief resource. To reject the thought
of love, to avoid the very utterance of the
rd, and then, like Vivis, to rack your
brains to create infinite derivatives, was, ac-
cording to Dolce, a childish and untrustworthy
proceeding; it would be much better, he said,
to face the ordeal frankly, and deaden ita shocks
beforehand by anointing one's self with the
healing balm of Platonic doctrine; by ex-
hibiting on the one hand the body in its
wretchedness, the vileness of earthiv love,
and on the other the beauty of love divine
and pure. Women may fall through pae-
sion, but they can win salvation through sen-
sibility, and, therefore, Dolce would nourish
them on the appropriate classics, to wit) Vir-
el, parts of Horace, Dante, Petrarch, Bembo,
Sainasaro and more especially Caatiglione.
lt was Castiglione who said that “all inspira-
tion must come from woman." She was, he
asserted, the ‘motive force.” Tooked at tn
this way, it [s obvious how much larger the
womans part suddenly becomes, and what
supreme importance {t acquires in the life of
the world. Insteadof serving a hi sbandm rely
asthe material replenisher of his stock and as
an uoderminawger for hia affairs, the woman
will carve out her own path and enjoy personal
freedorm, and will be th better able to lift up
her head at home and in society for knowing
that she represents there something more than
the flesh, she will be the soul, the seeker after
noble thoughts, though's necessary to happi-

nesa, but which the practical spirit of men
acarcely pernts them to pursue TL was with
such an end in view that the women of the
Renaissance formed a league; they accom.

plished on behalf of the rights of the hearth
a sort of coup détat, the story of which is set
forth in the book before us. It is true that
nobedy Was happy aiter all It is interesting,
however, to learn whi

 
  

In a chapter on the “Science of Piatontsm,”
M de Mauide ta Claviére od

 

§ hat the prac-

tice of platonic is more diffleuit: thaa the
thoory the practical enoe oof Piatonisn
gsonmes fiat wonen have the Knack of taming
niet jeverly by means of jove's blandish-

ments without getting seratehed themselves
The cleverest Lon tamers are sometimes clawed
vat they lave been hnown to die in their beds

Hore, than, la the queation In a nutehell Fire,

| of the henat of prey a.

ate women capabie of following the Ilon
| tomar’e ronation, and making themasives
| muMetentey inwulneratite | ememnediv are
men tn tle? On nt the frlende
af the beaotifatin ht eo Mepinved
the utmnoet eonfidenes 1 plateniata etted
herate eeamplee af feminine elftie, even ir
(he fenote a ne jduced adn
ahia @xariplee from ¢ rf rt inteteoourea
f itfe (aativnione ane ' e polntd toe
women ee amid the elles enviraninvente
‘had ” themeetvee aneels of  chaatity
In mowt caren, thee were maidens Ror
Inetanee a poor @rioof Car who fone her
acif inte ariver ta eseane a tooup of Gaanona
lA poor peasant «inl of Mar 1 who, betrayed
by a soourdrel, drowned beroelf in @ aqrt of
frenay, flinging awnys ropes held out |
to her a tragic muleide, and, ae euch, antl
Christian, yet so Chriatian in ite erandeur of

despair that the Bishop of Mantua proposed |

| to erect @ statue to this poble woman of the
people Nor were such examoules
inet with only among the claeses
Rome waa stirred to its depths ty the dreadful
fate of a voung gentiewoman, who, having
been decored into the catacomba of S&t) Be-
bastlan with the connivance of a maid servant,
strangled herself rather than yield to the vio-
ience of the misereant who had devised the
anate She might well live been left to reat
in the dim twilleht of those alent vauits, but
| Rome eould pot leave this flower of purity to
be forgotten, even in so sacred a apot The

lower

in triumph dike a trophy Uirough the thronged
streets of the city

The author of this book acknowledges that
women are not naturady seneual Animaliam
} fe abhorrent to them, and however much their
education may have neglected, their
deepest feelings are aroused by © man’s Intel-
| lectual qualities and his moral authority much

more than by his physical beauty, a beauty
; often hard to trace When they love deeply,

even though they vield themselves, it is still
| with a sentient of reserve and modesty It
| would also seern as if tiev eannot dispense
| with the additional retinement of respect
Man, on the contrary, as all the world knows,
has no sense of ahame, and to get every pos-
sible enjoyment, love or no love, fa lla only aim
It is to singulariv terrestrial Venuses that
peoplea and kings, judges and culprite flock
pell-mell [4 this a reason for despair? Can-
not the obvious feeblenesa of women, their
delicacy, the almoat religious character of their
love, become an element of attraction and
power? Women, we are told, deliberately
@xpose thernselvea to sharp tussles That is
true But if men were platonic, what merit
would women have in being platonic too? As
a matter of fact, the woman's power of re-
alstance is far greater than some nalve students
of the subject imagine. Upon this point con-
clusive testimony could have been borne by
Admiral Ronnivet, the luockless and well-
scratched hero of tha nocturnal escapade de-
scribed in the fourth tale of the Heptameron
The real dificulty does not lie in this direction
The difficulty is to diseover @ eure method of
capturing men According to the author of
this book there are two practical systems
The firet consitta tn really devoting heart and
soulto the matter the second in the mere play-
ing of a part. The first is concrete, actual,
vibrant, full of ze+t ard eneray, the second
conatats of nothing but abstrections, coquetrr,
poses, and never extends be: ond mere senti-
mentality

Anne of France, manifestly wedded to the
former system, apeaks of it with a warmth,
and yet with a wealth of cfreumlocution, that
show not only how much the question inter-
ested her, but how troublesome she found it
She distrusts the love excited merely by physi-
oa) beauty because «he regards it aa imper-
fect, undistinguished, commonplace, of little
stability, subject to all sorte of disappolnt-
ments and regrets. When a mancan analyze
his love and tell himself that ft depends on
some definable beauty, however exquisite
that of the eves, perhaps, or that of a charm-
ing manner, or an uncommon mind-in this
case the love is sifght. When, on the con-
trary, it takes entire possession of him, when
he knows not how to desoribe it, nor to what
to attribute it, when it surprises him in tho
plenitude of hie vigor and keeps him tn sub-
jection to another person, of whose will he
beeomes the mere echo: above all, when it
{napires hira with the overpowerlng conscions-
ness that henceforth hislove may be bounded
by no other horizon, then it has a syperb range;
it possaases soul and heart the rest is merely
supplementary, @ more complete intimacy,
a pledge of affection Our author even pro-
pounds the paradox that ‘he woman a man
moat loves la not the one ha covetea most. At 20,
or even 89, it is eray to confiies sensations with
sentiments, that Is why true love isnot known
till later. It is a gradual unfolding; when un-
folded, it becomes so ardent as to bring into
play all the tmpuletve forces of the mind. It
ia by this emotional frultfulness, by this re-
aponsiveness, so to apeak, to the spur, that
a man's worth is measured. Externaily, on
their commonplace side, all men are alike -
thotrasoulealone have different physiognomies: a
time comes when they aro slirred tothe depths,
shaken out of themselves, and then it is seen
that there are great souls and small. Not
too great, howeyer, nor too small; but all quite
human, We cannot expect miracles, or look
for perfection,

Of this sculptural view of love—matestic, boly,
like certain of Wagner's harmonies, but neces-
early rare--Michael Angelo is adduced as a
practical exemlification Madly smitten at
the age of 61 with a lady of #8, whom, however,
he did not see till twelve years later; so mastered
by his agitation as to pen two extraordinary
letters, one of which he wrote three tines over
without making up bis mind to send it, and, in
fact, never did send it~ that was the man known
| aa Michael Argelo Why did he love the Mar
| chioness of Pescara? For her beauty? No
For her wit? No, He loved her because he
loved her; there is no more to bo said. He
asked nothing of her. She was the woman of
his heart; to her he dedicated all the fibres of his
| helng. He saw with her eyes, acted by her
| inspiration, “no longer conscious of aught but
| the memory of her” He was at once happy
| andunhappy. What energy of expression there
| fa in bis sonnete whea his vigor bursts out tn

passlonate laments! But forthe most part, this
very vigor seems to yield to respect and enthu-
sinem, A genuine patrician, eweet and un-
| affected, the Marchioness understood with

been

 

ni pene na nina in ticle ae cE aaa aE aise eantstenacinaiahieniiitinmieiiimnanainnininiamans

wonderful intuition the man who was addressing
her, and proved what in such a case @ woman
may dowitha man Condivi, who had seen her
correspondence, described {t as full of a grave
and profoundly moving love, the fragmenta
which have come down to us indicate a thousand
| little tendernesses: “Our friendship is stable
, and our affection very sure: it is tied with a
| Christian knot.” Here is the superseription
of a letter: “To my more than muenificent and
more than very dear Mosser Michelangelo
Buonarott! ” 1t was the same with their talks
together; love only served to give their con-
versation an elevated tone Was not this the
enchanting Joy dreamed of by Anne of Fraaca,
ao sweet fora woman, and liftinga man “heyond
the stare?” Twenty years later Michael \p,-elo
lost the lady of his soul He stood by her
| deathbed) With reverence and pity he pressed
a Jong kiss upon her hand, not daring even at
lthat tragic moment. when death pur..ies all
things, to touch ever so lightly that pale, cold
| brow: though many a time, in truth, he regretted
| the timiditv of his farewell, Condivi tells us
| thathe wasfranticwitherief, Night had closed
her wings upon his life; he could never hear the
| Marchioness mentioned without tears starting
‘in his eves. He became religious: in his robust
old age his soul matntained its fire, like some
deep pool which In the blackness of nigbe still
reflects the sunset glow Tle died at the age
of ninety, and among his papers were found
the letters of (he Marchione.s and the sonnets
he wrote for her

 

The other and more numerous echool of
platonists started from an absolutely different
principie. If it moved at ail toward the ideal,
{t was by means of tortuous, obscure and

of virtue |
All |

poor body was crowned with Iaurel and borne |

 

! labyrinthine pethe, of which if wend some

be difienit to draw an accurate map
It #Ae philoeephiont! Ite method waa to cone
the homan animal to converee with him, to
lure Win with ennties and eft worde and to
vind about him a nvuititule of sender cotda,
Hil he wee reduced to helplesaneae The method
laudable, and un
‘ima and

wae coneidered eminently
doubtadiy it demanded tofinive tact

patienen foe what waa involved wae fr thing
eee than the training of “the other partner
in habtte of refinement and dia retion, the

teachivg him tea eentent himeelf with a few
Hdbita of lewe or kindlinesa and to refrain
from econstantiy showing teeth and clawe with
aerty for ht a wolfanere, thea fonr
faht ha | waa needed
The little favore by which man were held cap.
tive were in no way open to ceneure they were
virtue itself, for the end wae hed to justify
the means The art wlich regulated the cis
pensation of these favera tnust be regarded
as a complicated one = It arew out of long
habit and wae not learned from books It
wae the Machiaveliam of @ special charity
@ supreme devetton, very often the mmole

reward, ¢

| ton of self. and it was precisely this admirable

feature whieh distingulahed platonism from
coquetry. "O Love,” erted Bembo, ‘It ts by
thee that the higher virtues rule the lower ”
How many of these strange, admirable women
might be mentioned who devoured men like
veritable Minotaurs, and who, after devouring
them, would have liked to resuscitate them
for another meal. The author of this hook
tells us that the Marchesa Scaldasole of Pavia
was one of these terrible harples; yet she acted
with absolute frarkness. One day at a@ ball
she said to a young prothonotary named De
Leseun, who was losing bis head a jittle You
see, 1 do as your guards do, who fix @ tassel
to thelr horses’ cruppers, to warn people
not to go too near,” and she pointed to her
aky-blue dress. In Italy, blue denoted heaven-
ward aspirations Lescun was devoured like
the rest. By a freak of fate, be happened
to be severely wounded beneath the walls
of Pavta in the famous battle in which Francis
1 lost all bur honor When he was picked
up covered with blood, he asked to be carried
to the house of his “dear lady and patroness ”
The Marchesa received the quivering shreds
of humanity with transports of tenderness,
and it was in her arms, sustained by her loving
look, and consoled by her pious words that
Lescun breathed his last.

We are cautioned not to lose aight of the
ideal from which the feminine platonists of
the Renaissance started; it was absolutely
the reverse of that which now prevaila Ip
these days French women, at all events, are
careful not to generalize; they prefer to per-
aonalize everything medicine in the doctor,
religion in the priest, the family in the husband,
love in the lover. The women of the sixteenth
century, on the contrary, had an ardent faith
in things, but none at all in men They bad
no intention whatever of being in bondage
toa man, whoever he was, but preferred to go

straight to the tdeal and then to make tte in- |

terpreter their apostle, or what he pleased
They were in love with love, but were unques-

tionably prone to regard the lover as of sec- |

ondary importance, or, at the most, as the
minister of their cult, not their master. Trust-
fulness and self-surrender struck them as
delightful, desirable, religious, almost neces-
sary when based on a broad principle of liberty,
and when they furnished a goal at which the
affections might aim. Here M. de Maulde la
Claviére insists upon another important con-
eideration, These platonic ladies of the Ke

) nalssance did not labor for their persoual happl-

ness; in most cases they had no hope of ever
attaining it
giving life to others, but lacked it for them-
selves. they had known either too much or too
little of existence They were dissatiafed, out
of conceit with everything, perhaps with them-

selves; they had been mothers, and were yet |

maida. The soul, like the body, needs to give
itself, and on this condition depend ite vitality
and fruitfulness Many of these women had
thadowy and tnacrutable seuls, souls whose

They discovered a meane of |

 

pages no one had troubled to turn: they emopthe- |

and still suffered. Hitherto, they had given
only their body, the poorest part of then,the
contaminated part, the part that is lost in the
giving: while the soul ie ennobled and purified
by self-surrender. They had perforce to cut
themselves in two, and, as maicens, to look on

at the ruin of one gartof thembelves, and noth- |

ing was more painful than this cleavage: phil-
osophers even maintained that {t was an ime
possible one, and that when a woman yielded

ered their feelings, but they had suffered much, |
|
'
|

her body, under obligation or necessity, and |
sometimes with disgust, she gave nothing, but |

remained iromaculately @ virgin, because the
true virginity ts that of the heart

A favorite idea of the Kenaissance was that
whatever vicissitudes the bodily mechanism
might undergo, only the soul could indorse
thom. That is the sentiment which Victor
Hugo puts in the mouth of Marton De Lorme,
and which, when uttered on the stage, excited
the derision of the groundlings: £¢ l'amour
mia réful une virginité Here, hen, were un-
happy dilettantt of love, who, regarding ani-
mal passion as the antipodes, the negation,
of true passion, rigorously safeguarded their
purity, and adopted platonism us the channel
through which to bestow their souls on man-

happy in possessing at least the assurance that
iu this harinless game there would be only
occasional outbursts of the violence of appe-
tite. The author of the book before us thinks
that they chose the good part, sowing broad-
cast in a eoil often ungrateful the seeds of a
love whereof they had been harshly deprived
and the fruits of which they hoped probably
that others would gather Many of them had
lovers: but true love comes only once, and
among these charming women, all fire in ap-
pearance, there were some who bore deep
down in their hearts an unsuspected burden
of sorrow which oppreesed and overwhelmed
them

With some of them passion had never ceased
to rumble; some had been seen to become dea
perately attached to a man (maybe thelr own
husband) or even to filng themselves into a
punnery. The most of them, more sick than
those they wished to oure, and faltering in-
wardly under the outward charms of their
devotion, went thelr way, vainly seeking in
Nf»'s desert the heart, the one only heart sen-
sitive enough to comprehend them. They
steered their way composediy among the Lil-
lows in complete security, and without ad-
venturing anything but their good sense, at
most their good nature, which Anne of France
severely called their hypoorisy. They smarted
for this hypocrisy. How much of their life-
blood it cost them! One yearnsto strip off
their vella, to beseech them to take thought
for themselves and put sore faith in passion.
But no, they lead our wofw procession like
singing children, and, forcing back their tears,
like Margaret of France, they strew a few rose
leaves In our doleful path. The sole benefit is
reaped by men, or at least by men capable of
enjoving an illusion, Sometirnes tn their {n-
fiulte goodness they may give us divine
moments that compensate for the palpfulness
of life: they sucoeed !n thrilling us with a mag-
netic inflience which quickens our faculties,
sends out lifo intoa wider channel, makes com-
monplace action seem interesting, gives higher
rejef and brighter color to our surroundings
Eapectaliy did this loveless love fall to the lot
of princesses

Iv.

At firet sight the idea of making love so
excessively aristocratio appears singular if
not repugnant. What its the value of dis-
tinctions of birth in such a matter? To sin-
cere hearts, they can only raise ohstacies to
genuine happiness. This certainly was the
opimon of Anne of Franve Could tt be right
to dignify with the name of love or pletonism
na wretched coqueiry which consisted in attach-
ing one’s self to the most conspicucus women,
whoever they were, and however plain they
might be, provided they were influential, so
that this so-called love would osciliaie between
snobbishness and solicitation of (he kind nowa-
days practised upon a Minister of State, whose
ugliness does not matter? Assuredly it te

|
|
|
|
kind, with a smiling disenchantment, almost
|

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

poatibie (6 lowe a plain woman with all one |
heart: eel lowe, Incteert, le earl fo he the etree

aer Rut how difflentt () moat hae heen in
the dave of the Hensiaeance for a prices te
believe in a divintereated va Aa a matter
of faet the lowe wine a, @hioh @aA "ny
ewer iial Charest tie of platen aprane |
In fealiie from a epectal reineintie The pring |
Cowes and other arent ladies had tho @tnerionce
whatey of the vere maeculine and sone

that ewery hing as

tain jofte ean

neodern ean tinent
and that a ce

what
theire ty erleht

jen wae the naterai complement of a lofty |
atatlor tm the eontrary they Imagined
themeacives to he the property of aoctety, ao |

'o apeak, and net thelr own moreover, aa |
they realized that a wreat name te just aa te |
lating and paralyving ae a larae fortune, if |
not more an, they considered themnaelves ape.
cially bound to koop their activities in full play |
Their effarta were aweetened by their pride
That the woman should have the castle and |
the man the cottawe, that she ahould be rioh
and he poor, seemed to them o geod thing |
It wae the eubversion of old Ideas, but the |
consecration of the idea that was to be They

found a apectal charm in material ivan |
thes of position, It was offen distressing to

have to raise a man morally, but it waa de-

lightful to raise him in a material sense = As

Palzac has aid, “No man has ever been able

to ratee his mistress to bis own level, but a

woman always places her lover an high as

herseif *

This explains why, inthe eves of al' thefriendas
of the Beautiful, at the epoch of the Reratssance
every princess was beautiful: in other words,
she piloted the world toward the fdea of the |
beautiful. Failing a princess, or a lady of titie,
or an eminent woman, a man tolaht content
himself with a simple maid of honor, but tt
would be almost to fail in respect toward prin-
cesses of the blood royal not to fall in love with
them aince they were born for that end. In-
deed, acertain accent of ardor did not displease
them, for, as they told themselves, “everybody
knows that a fortress is only etormed when It
seems hopeless to expect weakness or treach-
ery.” Nothing faiteredthem more; inthe words
of Alfred de Vigny: “In the purest reiation-
ships of life, there are nevertheless things
which are only poured tnto one single heart as
into a chosenvesse!."” This chosen vesse| must
be rare and delicately fashioned, all compact
of idealiam, intellectuality and tenderness,

The only misfortune of the princesses was
often theirscant knowledge ofthe human heart:
they saw too much of the worldiy, showy, con-
ventional exterior, and {t was that usually which
made them pessimists. There ia no coubt,
however, that they exerted a powerful swiy.
It {a likewise to be noted that, as their favors,
coming whence they did, had Go important
sequels, they were not niggardiy in hesrowing
then. Of what ts not a woman capable who |
has nothing to fear, either from herself or from
othera? Insuch acase there ts danger only for |
the man. Certain ladies took men and stirred
them up, shook them as you shake a tree whose |
fruit you desire to Lring down. ‘They were |
even taunted with carrying this science oy
theirs too far. Margaret of France, in =|

|
|
{

tieular, the author of the Heptameron, has been
generally regarded as a consummate vir-
tuoso: indisputably she often puzzies her read-
ers, and gives them the uneasy feeling that she
is making fools of them. she herself boasted
of juggling with the hearta of men, of “winning
her devoted servants,” and managing then. so
well that, literally, they no longer knew whit
to makeof her, “The most dariig,” she says,
“were reduced to despalr, and the most down-
hearted saw aray of hope.” At the same tine
it {a impossible to doubt that the feminine |
platonists of the sixteenth century had hearts,
large hearts; hearts etanch and ardent; but
they shrank from employing them. They
daliied in a dim, twilight sensibility

like the noble lady of Genoa, ThomAsina
Spinola, who had broken al! rmatertal ties with
her husband in order to devote her thougita
to King Louls XII. One day the rumor spread
falsely that Louts was dead, and soon it
was reported that Thomasina was dead
also. The final comment on the women of |
the Renaissance in the chapter on platonisrn
runs as follows: “Strange women! Per-
haps they themselves dared not probe their
souls) The artista who painted them must |
have dropped their brush and peered into the
heart of theiridol, and asked themselves whether
{t was a Beatrice or a Venus they were paint-
ing A strange vetl covers their features;
as aaskilful artist contents himself with vague
suggestions where a perfect rendering Ia tin-
possible, so their souls have deliberately Lioited
themselves in mist, blurring their outlines,
and throwing us into uncertatnty. These
women are frank and reserved: they attract
aud repel; embrace us and hold us at arm's
length: allure us and alienate us| Now they
are like virgin soil, now like paths too many
feet have trod) Their contemporaries were
baffled by them, we, too, may well fall to com-
prehend this platoniam—we who see it from
afar Such is the magic haze in which Leone
ardo has enwrapped his Joconda’ Everything
isthere, but he tella us nothing, save that this
fa she He barely hints at her eubtle mind,
her soft, pure flesh: you seem to catch a delicate
perfume floating in the air The world around
her seers gunk in torpor; the landsca; e fades
away in indefinite and fantastic suggestions,
The woman dominating it all pursues us with
her complex look —the look that all these women
have-she seems to be several women super-
imposed, @ succession of appetites, a mingling
of languore, thoughta crowded on thoughts,
an exuberance of flesh. Voluptuousness and
intelligence are there, too, heldin reserve, She
terrifies us, for ehe fa too richly endowed; ale
will give nothing: she is @ woman of brains.”
The author, nevertheless, admits that if we
do net understand these women, it ls because
we set them apart and picture them as solitary
in their defensive attitude, shutting our eyes
to what engrosses their mistrustful looks—
the cruel welter of humanity around them,
Mistrustful they mulght well be, and disen-
chanted also. They could have bean under
no tiusion about the superficiality of the eaf-
fect which they for the most part produced
They know that perhaps it woid ali amount
to no more than an outward show of improve-
ment, and that, at bottom, man would remain
the vulgar and self-seexing creature he was
This thought may have confirmed them in
their platonism and their virtue: if there was
no better result, thoy may have told themselves
that, after all, to awaken mere sensibility was
not @n absolute waste of time; that it was a
merit to refine vice, to “polish it up,” to drape
it with hypocrisy, to rule men and impress
their intelligence, even by indirect means
They would find, at al] events, the occupation
every whit as Interesting as piling up hose
hold linen or polishing the furniture They
may have hoped that the future would Justify
their devotion. After all, their love waa only
a means; the end was to pour upon iife a little
Joy, @ little balm, @ little ligit,a@ little happl-
ness

—-—-

v.

It is in a chapter on “The Mission of Beauty”
that M. de Maulde la Claviére essays a defini-
fon, orrather a description, of the illusive qual-
ty which men cal) “charm.” It is true, as he
says, that most men do notknow the meaning
of the word. They speak of beauty as savants
or as grocers might, not as faithful worshippers,
If you pull women to pleces, If you judge them
aa you would @ yard of calico, a donkey or a
slave, you will see naturally but a form of
flesh; you may estimate its geometrical di-
mensions, counton your fingera thirty or thirty-
sixepecial beauties. If you profess an intellect-
ual standpoint, you will, perhapa, go #o far
as to measure the cranium, and that will be all,
You will not thereby detect what it ia that
speaks tous, fascinates, coslawes us. Charm is
not expressed in terms of arithmetic oralgebra;
it is an art, perhaps the highest of all arts, be-
cause, more than any other, more even than
poetcy or music, it speaks from sow to soul;
it is a sort of witchery, a woman's knack, as it
were, of enveloping all around her in an in-
visible net. It is not purely intellectual, but
avaiis itself of plysicai means, and disdains
everything in the way of formul@. The Italians,
edoring thie delightful art, have vainly de

a eee

,

and

voted tnnumerahle afien vere protit,
@ritings to the attempt to fathom It The
authew af the beet before wa fade all their

frevenhindga condone Ain a eaene aentence of j

man ie one @he i@

Vireneoota ie ne
why abe te

A bewutiful @
plewalng and
in fhe feet fr aay

Firenr vote
nivereall
he wr ifn

wing Toone wereapenkingofaaoodh "
fo ut weil tee

'
’ ime
)

anay to catalogue her ete
woman bach
Vet the art of chario

ofan newer

charming
one has her oven aarret

Ina te deepread To that art the Italian
Fomen owed their powitiona ae rementa of the
wood thew were not eupertor to French women
th beauty of form of in ortatnality of aoul, but
Arnona ther there were more “beautiful
wornen,” that te te aay, captivating weoren,
frrematibie @omen, Lhan aleewhera They were
frtued with platonic «weetneaa, had ar

quired an (nde@eribable roagnetian, a perfume

of human eraciouaness, eo penetrating and |

All. pervading that it neemed to purify the air
and to make of the world a temple inatend of a
hospital Ourauthor, for hte part, ie convinced
that, Ikeallotherarte, charm (aa gift of nature
Hie tinagines that the frat rule for a woman
ie to Know herself thoroughly, so that ahe may
bring her individual gifta discreetly into play,
espectaliy those whieh affect the man she has in
view. Of course, it will not do to let her art
aprear, A worman's charm depends upon her
acting spontaneously, aven though imperfectly
it ia probably tmpossible to insist too strongly
on this principle, which, of (tself, explains the
evolution of woman's power in the sixteenth
century, So long
their personality in thetr actions, taking counsel

only of themeaives, their power never ceases |

to grow and produces excellent resulta; but
when, whether from indifference, timidity, the

instinet of submission or a mistaken edtca- |

tion, they no jonger see in platonisrm anything
but an art to learn, a lesson to rattle off, a con-
ventional! pose, all is over, men of real virility
escape their influence and deride thelr charm
aan puerile thing, and the women find no mento
govern but the insignificant herd whom they
do not care a straw for, and who are distin-
gushed, one from another, only by the color
of their trousers,

Nevertheless, apart from originality, which
is indispensable, and diversity, which ia essen-
tial, M de Maulde la Claviére deems [it possi-
ble to mention some elements that eo to the
making of charm, elements consecrated, ap-
parently, by experienca or tradition. Of
these, some are physical, some inteiectual.
lio begins by speating of the former, aud lays
down the general rule that the physical charm
of a woman springs entirely from whatever
accentuates her feminine, arch-feminine, char-
acter. Thus it must, above all, express the
completest, most absolute sweetness. For a
long tire this characteristic aweetness appeared
to spring from gracefalness of form and feature,
a face of aristocratic oval, a swan neck, 4 Wasp
waist, in short, a general effect of reed-like
slightness and fragility, a veritable mantel
ornament, 80 delicately balanced that to teuch
{t was more than one dared, and that one was

puezied how eo frad a thing had ever
managed to stand on such tiny feet,
to hold out such a poor little hand

in fine, a virwinal figure of fifteen years. This
wonderfiily pure ideal persisted in Spain;
but in Italy one of the first signs of decadence
was the preference for more sensual forme,
The Florentines, with their fastidious concepuion
of elegance, were alrnost alone in resisting
the current; Firenz. ola did not yleld to it to
any extent,andat most there was at Florence
a small aection in favor of muscle and robust-
ness of whom Michael Angelo is the representa-
tive. At Venice, which was always more or lesa
barbaric, a fine opulence of fieeh, luminous
and warm, wonderfully substantial and soft,
“full of delicious comfortableness,” carried
all before it—a beauty such as the pagans
have celebrated in their lyrics, and such as the
Last aderes. In France the national syirit,
always eclectio and vacillating, was neither
idealistic nor materialistic enough to take
any side in this dispute. As Konsard put it:
“Autant me plait la grassette, Comme me plaist
la mailgrette.” At the same time, there is no
doubt that the great goddesses who ruled and
dominated France in the classical epoch, Mme.
de Chateaubriand, Mme. de Canapes and Diana
of Poitiers (all three, it will be remembered,
mistresses of Francis 1.) were representa-
tives of vigorous st cks; an old, lusty blood
coursed visibly enough through their veins;
they maatered it, however, as they mastered
everything, diluting it with an efleminacy
which had acharm of itsown,

‘Lhe color of ie baw and eyebrows always
appeared a characteristic factor in @ womans
ouifit: it was long a postulate that with-
out fair hfir, there was no charm. Acoord-
ing to @ twelfth century chronicler, the sweet
Saint, Godelivaof Bruges, was called a “horrid
crow,” by her hag of a stepmother on account
of her dusky hair; it was to her hair, inceed,
that she owed the tribulatious that won for
her the aurole of sainthood, Our author
deeme {t probable that the Lukes of Burgundy,
when they created the order of the Golden
Fleece, were thinking rather of the lovely
women with heada luke @ gulden harvest-field
than of the exploits of Jason. It ts certain
that, for many a century, the blonde had it
all her own way. Yet, even in this matter,
the fastidious Florentines did not commit
thernselves, and have something to say for
the pretty, dainty, little dark heads that were
to be met in the flelds of Umbria. In France
the chestnut locks which set off so many at-
tractive faces were greatiy admired. Mean-
while, there was absolute unanimity in favor
of a soft complexion of creamy white. All
men, whatever their nationality, and whether
idealiste or not, poets and @sthetes, dandiles
or melancholy men, united in praise of the
blended sweetness of the lily and the rose
As for the eves, they were juatiy accounted
the very fount of charm. By their aid, heart
was linked with heart in exquisite commun-
fon: In them the soul could range the who.e
compass of ite utterance The Italians were
particulary fond of speaking eyes, black,
reivaty, dreamy or deep: the French, while
by no means insensible to the charm of lan-
guorous orbs, much preferred eyesfull of anima-
tion and intelligence, end these were usually
of a light gray or brown oolor. On one point
they were alrnost unanimous. A French girl
of piquant expression and mobile fentures,
all sparkle from eyes to lips, was the top of
admiration.

vi.

It te evident that women genu!nely platonio
and not tn the least erotio used their physical
beauty as a first means of developing their
charm, In this respect they were at odds
with the mystics; who regarded the bedy as
@ negligible quantity and an encumbrance,
but they were still more sharply divided from
the sensualists. Their idea was to deify the
body, make a shrine of It, eo to speak, and
glorify {t ae the vesture of the soul, the ser-
vant of the heart. Platoniste of a lofty flight
pushed this conception as far as poesibie:
Michael Angelo so closely identified soul and
body as not even to admit that the face could
have wrinkles when the eoul had none: ao great
was his enthusiasm for the beauty and youth-
fulness of Vittoria Colonna’s soul that he had
the strange artist fancy never Ww perceive a
line on her face He has sometimes been
twitted with having represented the Virgin
as a woren of 80, even after the death of
Christ; he did so, it is true, and to him nothing
appeared more natural, To him such a woman
was always 40 Apart from any sort of
notion of coquetry, it was accounted of vital
importance to & woman, from @ mere senti-
ment of her beauty and her mission, never to
be 60; the theory of charm would not have
been complete without the addition of the
aclence of never growing old) This accessory
acience had its two schools; the achool of truth
and oandor, the “honest skill” which consists
in keeping old age at bay, and the school of
clever.ess and subtlety, which seeks to re-
pair time's ravages and recover the lost youth,
thus producing what Erasmus called “a per-
petual optical Ulusten.”

The ecience of never growing old demanded
much forethought and prudence. From the

as women frankly assert |

| anrtiane veere of @adlock, @tth na trmetioce
rates for alan If @ aa an wore ttitlng, |

atrug@le aeninet a fom aa vet inner ‘
f

fren ony tien to hee huehand formed |

tha wife ec here he to apectal node

pment, thee comp ried arcmatte tatt
nae avdon fort neane @hich were

} atet *, and tindane, and tires
wonderfully affe tive A tarde of the

anne ld write in all price and truths cae
Women remain alinoet alana eoune re

| Were eoine who, when oloee upon oo

  

ted the good opinton of conn tawenre  lthera
| Allowed thagwel tes to be lilied ta cee
| Joy of vonth, and only awoke under the .
}afaeomeaharp warning but then ther «rang
| erect te their full height, ike a winder! tleer
|

ef anquenchahle co
They nad
they

‘

and there waa noe act rae
| they did not) a®eeorpliah
| teeth drawn, thetr akin ecraped fi

and they reduced (hetr eolor by dint o

their
tied

weuping

| down sand or cinders ‘They were heroines of
| unselfiabrieas
| Ht go ® without aavirg thet the by
ext art of dressing would plawe oan iin
portant part {no practical platontam It
mist, in truth, he acknowledwed that even
among the women of the Kenalesance
A dialogue of Plato's could not hold a candle
| to A conversation with A dressmaker Since
| women were messengers of Joy to the world,
Lit followed that this rolesion must be deciared
| by outward siens What more natural than
| 10 give a& princess a magnificent trousseau!
It was not a lusury; it was the Implement of
| her profession. Anne of France was sure

| that simplicity had been formerly pushed too
far: every one, she sald, ought to maintain his
or her rank, and perform one’s duty init, the
| world bas aright to what belongs to it, that is,
| to everything save a woman's heart: to neglect
to study appearances, to cultivate false sim
plicity is to commit an “unseemly and must
dishonest” act To dress must be considered
aduty. A single looxing glass, a simple little
“mirror of the soul,” ike that of Margaret of
France, was not sufletent for an apostle of
beauty. Mirrors of every kind and atyle,
hollow or pyramidal like factory chimneys,
circular, angular, in columns and a#jirair,
rightly absorbed her attention every morning
aud gave her a philosophical and sertous con-
| ception of her person, Itls not at all to be won-
dered at that the lady whose appearance was
to thrill the world should begin by setting
all this machinery in motion The care of the
complexion, and especialiy of the hands, natur-
ally took some tiie to begin with, not to speak
of hygtento attentions. A delicate little touch
with the brush on the face is quickly given,
but it demands wonderfwi skill: it ts nothing
and {t is all. The hatr required an exemplary
; pationce. Despite the Invectives of a few
nsignifleant people, like the poet Coquillart,
the feminine headdress gradually attained
altitudes more and more complicated; erimp-
| ings came in, and curling trons, paddings of
} false hair, huge coils stuck with Jewels in the
| Italian fashion. That the hairdressing opera-
| tlon lasted three hours need not surprise us;
| how mortally tedious these hours would have
{appeared without the help of conversation
| the fair patient settled herself accordingly,
garbed in a chermisette of fine linen, cut
pretty low at the neck and in no way impeding
her movements, and that was the hour when
she ehowed her heart to her friends
Why shoul! not beautiful women give agreat
part of their time to personal adornment?
Jules Temaltre, whose genius is thoroughly
French, does not hesitate to express the opin-
fon that his countrymen were much happier
when men aa well as women paid more atten-
tion to dress: “Our fathers, who wore lace and
feathers, coats red, biue, dove-colored, apple-
green and soft-hued lilac, could not but feel
more disposed to joy, seeing each other bloom-
ing like flower-beds If fashion should some
day make us walk the streets {n purple silks
we should forthwith be rescued from doubt
and despair” ‘This, in our author's judgment,
is philosophically true. He reminds us that
we cannot isolate ourselves; we are dependent
in a high degree on the world around us) The
inward Joy we seek to crente needs an external
jJov for ite support, the sun, the blue sky, the
luxuriance of flowers, the clearness of the air,
the boundless galty and infinite cordiality of
nature quicken and penetrate us; a gray sky
and a dull horizon will never kindle glowing
reflections in our souls

vil.

In a chapter on “The Embroidery of Y.ife,”
we find discussed the recreations in which the
women of the Renaissance sought happiness
from the exercise of all thelr activities Let
us glance first at the mode of enting: nothing is
more material in itself than the consumption
of food, yet nothing better lends itaelf to spirit-
ualization, Inthesixteenth century a house was
characterized by the way tn which a formal
dinner waa managed; this was the touchstone
of true style. in @ previous generation gor-
mandizing and guzzling had been the rule

plorable specticle; it 1s one long procession
of herds of oxen and flocks of sheep, innum-
erable poultry, rabbits and partridgea by the
dozen, small game in hundreds and pigs in
disgusting profusion
The whole of the delicacies would conelst
of a few cloves, or sticks of cinnamon, to make
hipnoeras of With the Renaissance came
philosophy to preside at the feasts It taught
men that dining is a spiritual function The
tablo became idealized. Much
devoted to its decoration, to regaling the eves
with the sight of peacocks and other beautiful
birds in their charming many-hued plumage
The mistress of the house showed her art in
having the daintiest courses served on gold
ant orystal, things which, while tickling the
palate, should content the mind. Just as in
Plato’s Symposium, people would take their
places at table, not to cat, but to talk, be-
eause conversation can have no warmer,
moro cheerful, more restful setting Often
in the platonist system some incomparable
Indy presided, and everything centred in
her: from her eyes rained nectar and am-
brosia. She set the pitch: there would he a
crosa-fire of witticiama flashing over the table
like fireworks, or else wit would flutter lightly
about amid a subdued hum of laughter. With

one consent these were voted delightful bours
Men fuddied themselves with talk: “ ‘Tis
my @reatest vice,” confesses Erasmus. The
art of dining soon became acelimatized at the
Court of Francis]. Margaret of France writes
onthusiastically about dinners at which the
gioata used to “fll themselves with words
more than with meat” The auther of this
book thinks that In Italy they were at fant
In using ewsthetio means too freely to sup-
port the dinner, The Italians durst not) trust
simply to conversation, but employed music,
a proceeding which apperred rank heresy
in France. King Alfonso of Naples, long re
garded ns the past master of good living, come
plicated his dinners with all serts of refine-
ments: afier the first courses, the eara were
enchanted with harmonies soft as the breeze
{ of Capri blowing over the sparkling, rippling
| ara; or else there were mimes, the Pulcinella
and roars of laughter
| The ball and the dance, though much more
w-thetic in themselves, were a great deal
more dificult to idealize, because in them the
sensuous element buiks more largely. The
| ideal of platonist joy and happiness would bea
| tree and thorowshly intelectual dance, witha
ealm and deiiclous rhythm, a dance that would
add a pleasure to life, the dancer in light, fluat-
ing drapery, barefooted, bareheaded, ungirt,
in the sweet air of Springtime, on @ amooth,
soft lawn, among jasper and coral, under the
long-leaved palms, dinidst the scent of roses and
thyme trees--an intoxicating dance, the pure
motion of which shouid harmonize with the vast
music of nature, the coving of doves, the niiglty
arpecgios of the sea = The woman who, alone
or hand in hand with her companions, should
abandon herself to the exquisite fascination
and maaical sweetness of euch movements,
who should associate herself with all animated
things in thie imponderaiie rhythm: -would
she not represent a goddess of happiness, and
would she not come to incarnate for us the
divine charm of nature? I= nractice the dances

The old kitchen books of France reveal a de- |
| to do wrong to her ex.”

thought was |

 
 

hardiy attained thie in
teed, excelled in etetog lf a a ley

 

firnental @ravity In

made to deeren nt nota

fliat waa the Woene

dancing @ltth het “

franea, © befor, the « “ thea ‘

fact that, when A lade entered the ha

’ ‘ ‘ featy and her mantle (ogetie
the honda of the leokave in the \

Tle aave tint i the eolfa fa enrt of cancar |

there are roy if trick for mactng one '@ part
rer} 1 ard ple en Wlah that the caleee
and even the thiahe are ehameleeats eapoeed
and prostituted tothe avagef the threpme* fy
sill be oteerved that the Muguenota did ret
mince thelr worde Dancing, howewer, was

none the vores for the reviliings heaped tipen
It A refine to the fomintata, it waa tn iter f

neither evil nor ridfoutoua the art conatated

In Idealiving the plaw of the limbe aa the work
f dives ion ‘ad been fdealtved at the dinner
table At the same time ther admitted that,

the bratn belo in thie ease further away, the
wa rely more diMentt
Of one cueton peculiar to the Renatssance

tral theta

our author concedes that, while eminenti¢v
Dlesweantin treelf it wae not tery celestial, and
lent teelf readiiv to abuses This was the

custom of Kissing In the aixteenth century
well-bred men allover Furope used respectfully
to hist alady'shand The Itaitane did eo with
fervor Uf required, they would have kissed the
feet: andaman had to bea German to atigmae
tive as tlolatry thekiss applied to the toes of
the Pope Italian wormen disported with thie
kissing with perfect grace and all sorte of litte
reflraments At @ casual meeting they cone
fined themselves to @ pleasant handshake, but,
t te-A-t/te with a man they wished to honor,
thes would be the firet to kiss his hand, fondly,
and without any of those affectationsa of bash-
fulness which sometimes inspire bitter aftere
thoughts, It wakga charming and natural
but fu Franoe {t took quite another
complexion, There men, being the masters,
knew nothing of fine shades and nice distinos
tions. |he having to greet or take leave of an
fgreeable woman was eufficient pretext for
hissing her lps, and the motive they alleged
for this proceeding was that ft struck them as
being “amtable and eweet.” In the ballroom
{t Was another story -every dance figure ended
ina kiss, and it was also compilcated with wild
and giddy horveplay. The seriousminded
Spaniards found the French dances much toe
bolsterous and demonstrative. *As for me,*
aska Vives, “1 would fain know what means so
much osculation. What is the use of these
many leaps that girlie inake, held by their come
panions under the arma, eo that they may kick
the higher?”

‘The question wae more than once raised as
to what extent good manners authorized, or
rather obliged, weli-born women to offer thelr
lips to all and sundry, and to lend themselves
to promiscuous capering. In general, the
most eenaible folk considered that they could
not absolutely avold the custom, accepted
asit was in good eoctety, but that it waa pos-
sible to practise some reserve; for example,
to present the check instead of the mouth,
Montaigne pities with all his heart the women
“who have to lend their lips to any Jack with
three lackeys in his suite” But eo trivial @
aubiection seemed to him, byits very triviality,
to be of 10 consequence. “a high price adds a
fiavor to meat" lle holds rather, with those
who saw tn tt a eimple act of courtesy to which
an honest woman could have no poasible ob-
Jection, or, at most, so Instanificant a favor,
that there was no'ling to make @ fuse about,
This wasnot everyone's opinion, there were
not wanting dilettanti who by no meana re-
garded this favor asso ulumportant. Ronsard,
in all frankness, avowed that Le touk inline
delight in it.

eustom

vill, ae

We pasa to the grave question of the utility
of physical exercises for women—a question
which fs muoh more difficult to answer than
it appears at first sight, and which has been
differently answered at different epochs If
the old style Frenoh chatelaines, those of the
fifteenth century, for instance, sunbaked,
innured to the inclemencies of the weather,
dashing huntswomen, had been asked to re-
linquish violent exercises ike hunting, fencing
and tennis, on the ground that to indulge in
them wes to waste their charm, they would
have ridiculed the Idea. Nevertheless, after
mature deliberation, the Urbino coterie, which
represented the quintessence of Renaissance
ideas, decided that these exercises were al-
together {incompatible with the feminine tem-
perament, One had to go as far north as
Lyons to find a pretty and clever woman poe-
ing as Bradamante and boasung of Ler nding
and her skill with the lance. Every weli-bora
Italian, woman detested such mannish ways

When Charles VIII. arrived at Naples, the
Princess of Melphi, to humor the barbarian’s
taste, presented to him her daughter on horte-
back, but mounted in such @ manner “as nut
Here {a presented
a@ problem in pure esthetics. Not that women
like Isabella D'Fate and others are deficient
in energy; when need arises, they will give
proof of an extraordinary vigor Margaret
of France, in her passion for eerving her
brother, will beatride a horse and gallop to the
Spanish frontier with a epeed and endurance
that the postal service has rarely attained.
If impelled, however, by strong feeling they
Accomplish d ferts like this, they did not boass
of it. What charm, aske our author, would
Margaret, with all ber heroism, Lave for us
if we had to see her flying with loose rein
astraddle of her mac? It ls Impossible to ete

‘a military woman of a more energetio temper-

Catherine Sforza; when did she
on the bare ground

ment than
shrink from sleeping

/ and passing her nights in the open air? Yes

|
|
|
|
|
|

 

this was the lady wlio, when she had @ minute's
peace, solemniy despatched an envoy to her
nelunbors to discover a cerviin down for mae
tresses which was reputed exceptionally soft.
When the Renaissance was at ite height,
riding to hounds was no longer indulged in,
except by some rather old-fashioned ladies
like Margaret of Austria, who was proud of her
stuffed wolv e heads, or Apne of France, @
passionate huntress, whom one of ber hench-
men styles the “grand mistress” of this “glor-
ious trade,” but whom he calls @leo its last
representative, Anne hunted in the same
vay that she did everything; ooldly and
methodically, she, with her own eyes, examined
the trai] and gave tle word to hark forward;
then she set off with her dogs, and, suddenly
warming to the work, grew G@uimeted and
vociferous and amartiy handled Ler bunting
spear. ‘The jargemaiority of her fenifnine
contemporaries were careful not to imitate
her, and if they resigned thempelves to the
chase, it was for some good reason. Personally,
they wentin for little else than hawking. 16
was indifferent to them Whether men rode out
and effected more or jess siaughter; but they
lowed the associations of the hunt, the delight-
ful evenings, favorable to flirtation «when
the hunters were not too hungry or sleepy);
the succeeding days of tranquillity, when the
unconstraint of country life allowed them to
rise early and come down into the fresh air
without stopping to do up their hair or their
complexions, but with clear resy ct ecks, to
hurry through a hunter's mass and then start
in the spade of the respective mere

gossiping
of dogs and birds until it was time tor brethe
fast. In short, to platonist jagies, the lee

real hunting there was, the more genuine and
appeared fell me,”
cries Margaret of Trance, “is the cajture of @
stag fit work for a prince?” He might as well
turn mason or hind’ ‘he Kenalssance ladies
came to the conclusion thatif they did not wish
to live in the Kennel, there was nothing for it
but to give up bunting

We should like to exemplify the notable
advanees made by the woren of the eixteenth
inthe art of conversation and of letter

admirable the chase

eentary

wring. bor the anthors comments on thie
theme, however, and also on the intellectual,
political, moral and religious influence exer-
cised by ladies at the epoch of the Renaim
eance, We must refer the reader to the book
ee aW.E

9