—<$—$

 

THE CAUSE OF WOMAN,

gan rare wrens snows now wo
wey meron THe nanior

fe Cotoredo Their Votre Searty Doabied Over
$000 Samen Can One Th raat Aroming *
votre Mr Waleott's efeat haraged te
Females Voters Father © Hran'e Negrete
*Wamen do not want to \* When
ne matority of women * ane they
ean have it” Whoever i* yroua to Know
how many aditeriala during (he past few weeks
have ring the change on ‘hese two sentences
oan do eo by ascertaining the number of news

the ballot

papers published In the United States Doe's
Haven, stung over the door and cromking
nevermote wan 4 whole variety ahow, oom
pared to ‘how whose objections to Woman
euffrage have “nally been reduced to the one
monotonous refrain Women do not want
to vote As there are only four States in
the 1 » where women can vote, in the usual
ecceprauet the word, common sense and

common fairnes requires that estimates sho sid

ha baat oon theae four States Although
their official Stallsties have heen published
over and over again during the past four year,
showing beyond all question that a larwer

 

rtion of their women voted thanof their

 

propo
men at the last Presidential election, it has
not modifled in the slightest degree the eternal
sing-song. “Women do not want to vote”

The opponenta prefer to hase their aaseruion
on the returns from those States where the
women posseas only a simall fragment of School
suffrage, for the obvious reason that other-
wise they would have no base at all

There is not an editer, a pollucian or an
ordinary citizen who would base his caleula-

@ons of the Presidential ballot on the vote
cast for constable at the last election, and
women

yet al) of them Judge of the desire ¢ f
to take part in guverninent by whar is knewn
as the School suffrage In no State does even
this scrap give to women the same voloe in
achool matters as men possess Men evi-
dently think women want to vote Just for the
pleasure of putting a piece of paper into a
box, and do not recognize the fact that they
are actuated by exactiy the same human in-
terests and impulses as themselves

In no other direction do we see so striking
an flustration of the axiom: “Man to man
so oft unjust Ts always so to women” With
all the bitterness of partisan politics nen are
not so unjust to each other as they are
women on this one question, because in pol
ties one aide has the same chance as the other,
and the reader, or the listener, can take all
staternents with a grain of salt, knowing the
party animus which lies behind it. But in
the persistent and illogical musrepresenta-
tlons of the woman suffrage question the other
side has almost no chance whatever, Tne
great newspapers of the country are owned
and edited by men who, in full possession of
their own freedom, are bot specially con-
cerned for that of women. and tnost of these
papers are dominated by party politics which
{a hostile to the enfranchisement of women
If one of the dominant parties would declare
specifically for wornan suffrage and the other
against it, then the adverse statements of the
jatter would be viewed with some incredulity,

 

 

but when these are found in the editorial col- |

umns of both Republican and Democratic

papers alike, with no equal opportunity for |

majority of the reading
public must necessarily believe that they are
founded on fact Against these very great
odds the suffrage advocates must contend.

defence, the vast

 

Another Presidential election now has given
the country the second object lesson to show
whether the Women want to vote, whether the
reatority will use the ballot) Some weeks ago
this department called attention to on anti-
suffrage article which started in Posten and
appeared in nearly all of the large nowspapers
of the United States, sometimes as eaitorial,
Bometinies continuing up to the
very dar of election, It started out by say-

1s “epecial,”

ing

Woman siffrage ie no longer a novelty in
these Western States and it is predicted that
many women Who cast a vote in i806 will net
a small

take the trouble ts do sain twa Onts

proportion of the women take a
in polities Fifty percent «
tron Will be in fact a large estimate of th
voters in these States Political wome
i othe) West, form a very small on
of the sex, and there is a mouch larger nuinber
of women who are opposed to feriale suffrage
and, according t npresent indications, alwars
will be These women believe that thelr sex
has no business to interfere in politics and they
steaafastly decline to go to the polls to vote
for anvhody.”

Well, how near the trith did this widely-
hersided prediction come? Just about as
near as Chairman Jones's estinate of the Rrvan
electoral vote, The woman's voto in Colorado
in 1894 wae 46,720; in 1900 it wes 46,9430 In-
stead of decreasing 50 per cent, It increased
nearly ® ner cent. In Wyoming the women
cast over 7,000 ont of the entire poll of 23,000
votes As women form just about oue-third
of the population of Wyoring, it will be seen
that nlmost every worian in the State cast a
leallot A ceparnat Was not made in
1 tal or Idehe, but all reports agree that fully
as grea’ a proportion of women as of men
voted Does this look a if “much the larger
proportion of women in those States are op-
posed to le su®race and steadfastir de-
cline to x , » polls” Yet not a baker's
doeven of the papers whieh prt ho hed that state.
rnent will make a retraction in the light of these
oficial t@ores. and belore the New Year the
sane old parrot-lice ory will be heard, "V omen
do not want to vote”

 
 
 

 
   

   

connt

 

 

As an exanple of the press despatches on |

take the tollowing
all in the same col-

the

the voting ot
from the Chics

woren,
» Tribune

  
 

  

  

umn “in Utah the women were much trore
willing to folls the leadere of the Mernyon
ehureh than were the male members > Then
fart » the colur this The jucses

  

and cle of election and the people generally
acree that the woren voted, practically as
did tho men Ir wes are comparatively
few where the we yin the family voted in

oppetition to the fother, husband or brother

 

 

  

‘then, three paragrap? farther dow: 4
large proporion of the men, pertioulariy the
younger men, refuse to be guided in casting
herr votes bv the heads of the church the
women, hormever, are more devout cw dA heed
the word-~ of the Bishops and elders as a divine
comrrar 4’

In this column is the following The only
woman candidate in Utah ran behind
ticket and was deteated Phe women were
against her. apparent rthe reas “
Was a womar Her small vote ts attrhoted

own
furan
nit

almost entirely to the opposition of ber
nex.” And then, not only in tue -an
but in the same paraariph, ss SP atertive
tn regard to this candidate “she was Mra
Joseph Cohen, who seconded the nomination

  

    

of Bryan at Kansas Citv. Mrs. Cohen was a
candidate for the lower hou_e im the Legi--
jJature, and was President of the Woman's
Democratic League Under thee cireum-
stance: ould the Republican women be ex-
pected to vote for her? She simply shared
the fate of the rest of her th and is it not

 

much more rereonable to belbeve that she ran
behind it becuse a certain number of men in
her party were oy {te a woman tn the

   

     

 

lael lature, rather than because Democ
women faled t) vote for her Im this
Inter-ei nso s ne mov rend further on
this point Heretofore the women of Wworu-
ing have paid ioctl ors tTlention to the elec.
tions, except in ceroondi- thers where a woman
wat Tr ing, aaa nan for offee, wher
they t wd out en masse and the
male candidate When Mix Bs was
elected S ate Supern endent Puote Ine

largest pliralitw ever
ite, the strength
Wistrated.’

struction tm iv4 by the
e.ven ane candidate in thes:
of the womat volte Was again

4ill of thease quotations, which outdo the
Kilkenny eats, are taken, word for word, from
one column of the regal press despatehes in

and they are a
ent tothe papers
tits of woman

the Chicago Tribune ot NS
falrsample of the stuflt

in reward to the practica
eiffrage

  

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

    
   
  
  

let us examine alittle» « Closely the as-
eertion that wotnen ib Ws ne pay litte or
ne attention to elections excey shen they
have a chance to =! il inididate. Ale
Shough they have t ing since isa, no
wor ever Las been a candidate for the
Lewgi-iature or for any except the
one: tioned above, ¢ Vv few for county
or m ipa Slows eycry t { eecone ected
wit! It follows then, according
to the e declaration that “women there
Nave paid little or no attention ¢ tions ”
” 18O3, with no wemen candidates, the
Secretary of State certified that @0 per cent. of
he Weoming women voted at the Presidential
election For many vears Preceding that
’ e Kingman of the Supfeme ¢ tr col-
#atistics showing that nine-tenths of

"he women_were in the habit_of voting at the
elections. In a sparsely settled, mountainons
country, with long distances, few railways

@nd bad roads, this is, perhaps, as large a per
€Ont.as ought to he expected, especially when
We compare it with the votes of men in the

 

Panter States with all the oonditions favor.

Definite infor ation it @low in coming from

| fdahe The oe in that State are drawn
from the ele remotration lets, and it ta
anid that certon pollloal faetions, who feared

 

the vote af the @ornet threatened them with
jurw duty if romiatered Io women in
renote eons i thie would have a
deterrent eff beet he HeleAé Meth
whieh canner wed of partiality, ae its
ticket wae defected he fret election in whieh
Idaho ®omen do save

\t no time in the ry of the eity hae the ote
torned ont ay earl coh tarqenombera— ittetn

event when four (tthe of the
waein the ballot poate before
f the quietest election days
There was ateotitely fe
Is end the crowdaon Main
anid joll ihe women took

dred @ teeord breaking
entire vote of the cit
celoeh = 10 was ure

n the hletere of [hoe
feorder atans of the pn
street were @ond nal

 

ve abot in getting aut the tote

 

as thelr brothers, tusnands and fathere

There ie much more testimony, all to the
eae effect The ones alches gay There
were Wormen clerke a judaes, with flowere

i the fables in the boothe and the election
wasorderls as acunpmneeting
Tl ie eurioueto note how much more the Eaat-

 

ern pabers know ober the womens vote in
those four States than the papers published
there bor instances, the former are alnwesrt
Vouonit in declaring that woman euffrase |

 

ttah hae greatly tneraased the power of the
VMermon Church Tfeuch ts the ease it is some.
w! remarkable that the Salt Lake [oo
the leading Gentile paper of the State, sh mtd
speck in the following amiable manner

 

 

   

  

the election 'n Salt Lake was one of the at quiet
and orderly the cits has ever known he ii terest
taker bs all votere was great, with the that
a large majority of the total vote was | ji tte
entt) No artests. ne disturbance of an ever
tr ylotely. and as quiet As @ Quaker meeting, wae
the fof the cas It was remerked earls tte the
mueh more interest the women were taking
and they did not wathunt) thetr bushands
t pelle, as has been lataclys the custom
At Ceden the election was re

  

    

et way evervihing

 
   

 

  

markal orthe peaces ie and q

@ert of and bet fo numberless rriages on

the street hedecked in faming banners, one would

hard's have known thet an election was 'n progress
Naturally the greatest interest centred in

Colorado, Where the Democratic ticket carried

wity oo iderably

 

the State but w toma
reduced from that of four years ago.and both
parties concede that women teld the balance
of power. The Republicans made some bad
iders, for costance, putting up for Cone
iin the First District against John F
th, one of the stronmest friends that
suffrage ever has had in Colorado,
who was its avowed enemy when the
was voted on in 180% and has not
winged his pesition, If a’ways has

 

   

 

 

 

        

 
   

be wi
wo is ‘ n character
A Repu an t in Colorado would
have returned Fdward O Woleett tothe United
States Senate. Tf aomere fraction of what the
a ion presa ead detrimental to hie mor-
ality waa truethe wornen of anv State would
have defeated him aft the polls The press
despatches say in addition

such advertised notoriety had been civen his
spades at the vaming table. Poker play
Iways been treated as a joke by the Senator
‘olorady, but in this case it !
i his defeat, for the women were ¢
(red to present bis return to Washit
knows better the salue of a full hand than the
j 1p Senator from this State, ard no attempt was
made to conceal bia fondness for the company of
conetvial associates, but [tf has all reacted upon his
head, forewers line that was printed tn the last four
sears bas come home to be used against bim

 

 
 
 
  
   

    
 
 

2
3

 
  

   

 

There nevet hasbeen an instanee ina North-
ern State where the Rerubliean party hae had
ae few members as it wil have in the next ses-
sionof the Colorado Lestslature, ‘The Colorado
Springs (faretfe, an ardent Republican paper,
sats o

The women have demonstrated their effectiveness
in polit ampagtis, and wherever party candi
dates and party f “a are opto the high standard
whiels they) hav rghs to demand, they can he
counted upon for loyal support The Republican
Party in lorado can only bope to triumph tn one
way, and t by appealing to the fud@ment of the
honest ang gen’ people of the State with clean
candidates ve

Pat there might be given in this column
editorials from a seore of newspapers, Fast.and
West, asking if the great material issnes of the
country have got to he sacrifleed to the “moral
wrath” of a lot of Woman voters, or saying,
hke the Chieaso Timea-Merald, that “nobody
tell in advance what particular prejudice
sot the woman's vote from the
immediate issues of the hour.’

The

 

   

 

 
 
 

   

suffrawista are =o disawreeable as to

 

taunt the “antis” with the gact that all their
authorities are anponymour that they never
dire to use any body 'anoamein their documents
But at last they really did get one name. It

wasn lonw time ago, in i892, but it was a big
name, Gen John Charles Thompson He was
a Democratic nominee for Congress in Wyoming
but did not succeed in bein elected, so in his
scorn and wrath he declared that “the woman's
vote was the easiest thing in the world to eet,
to keen and to manipulate.” The “antis” had
been w ¢ patientiv and hopefully for years
to get astatement of this kind and they worked
their Hterary burean overtime to etrenlate it
This vear the “General” concluded to try, try
again for Congress, and he manipulated the

  
 
 

' woman's vote so nicely that his opponent ran

gO yotes ahead of even the electoral ticket
Now he can give the “antis” another signed
statement for distribution

The constant reader will see the following
paragr awoh in most of the papers he picke up
tor the next few weeks It is the inenired
utterance of Father William O'Ryan of Denver
at a meeting of the Philosophical Soctety of
that place

] voted for woman suffrage when it was presented
to us
sheet About myeel! and stand tn front of the churei
door and do penance for [ft It is working barm to
the women of the State | have been shocked to see
them engaged (1 political work as they have, tn pre
cinet canvassing and on election day at the polls
The women are losing their womanhood through
it. | watched the women coting, and both sides
appeared ej ually engaged in the eonfict

This ia quoted by a great
papers, hit they are
opening sentence, which was as follows

  

 
 

sietion with the men, and did |

if enfranchised, |

| Was Bronco

bit now I fee] that T oucht te throw a white |

tnany Republican
areful not to give his |

The great American stomach spoke in the recent |

election, Perha 11.000 or 300,000 people of the
United States really think

The society then resolved that both McKinley
and Bryan were very weak men and the results
of the late election were extremely unphilo-
sophical. Ip, Hestep Harper,

 

 

GREAT SCHOOL IN SOUTH AFRICA.

Twe Races Learning Lessons Side by Side |

—Many Trades Taught.

In the rugged country northeast of Cape
Town is one of the most remarkable mission
stations in the world ‘The fame of Lovedale
has spread far in Africa and blacks who are
anxious to learn come to it from as far away as
Lake Nvasea, a thousand miles. It is saidto be
the largest m'ssion etation in existence The
echool contains nearly 1,000 students who are
instructed by a staff of forty teachers
fees are little more than nominal for the average
charge is only $25 4 year, which includes board,
lodging and education There is no better
place to study the ethnology of Africa, for the
students represent many tribes, some of them
from as far north as Gallaland and near the
Ked Sea

In the main Lovedale is a eachool for colored
young folks, but the whites are aleo admitted
and it is the only place in Africa where the two
races study side by side Three Lines of in-
struction are given to the natives - religious,
educational and industrial Teachers are
trained for the missionary schools, preachers
are prepared for the native congregations and
a general education, literary and technical is
given to all who want it

Among the trades that are taught are car-

 

  
 

 

  

pentry, Waeon making, blacksmithing, print-
ng, bookbinding, telegraphy and others) The
wirls are taught to sew, to wash and iron and to
keep house While the aim of the institution
is to civi through Christianity the instrue-
tion is entirely non-sectarian and the Bible
is the only religions book that is read and
taugtit

The books that are printed and bound at
Lovedale are excellent specimens of the book-
making art The technical instruction is of
the most thorough character Visitors from
Europe have often said that nothing has as-
tonished ther more in Africa than the excel-
lence of the Lovedale workshops Miss Violet
RK. Markham, who ts prominently identified
with education in England, has recently written
that not a few techni al her
own country are entirely outstripped by this
remote establishment in the heart of British
Kafiraria

There is no doubt of the vast wood that this
institution is doing The hundreds of students

of

institutions of

' who leave it every year ofter enjoying ite ad-

vantages for from four to six years are scat-
tered among the millions of South Africa and
even among tribes living far north of the Zam-
besi ‘They are becoming the educators of
their people They are teaching their tribes-
men the useful trades they have acquired
Thev carry to many barbarous peoples proofs
of the advantages of civilization that are more
convincing than any testimony the whites can
give When there are more |ovedales scattered
through the vast fleld of missions the results
of missionary effort will he far more encourag-
ing than they are now.

The '

PORME WORTH RABADING.

From the Spanien of Jove Marth

Couttion ana rove Dlanee ¢
Pn dalle come en Eneta,
Para clamiqo Mneeto

Que me da ay mano franes

\ para ef cruel que me errenes
| | Corason an que rite,

ardo nt oruge cultivo

Cultivo la rose bienes.

| aherieh @ pure white rece

nn summer and winter, too,
tor the friend sincere and true

Whoee heart his free hand shows,

And for him whose cruel blows
Flend the beart without which I pertany
Nar thom nor weed I cheriah,

I cherieh the pure white rose

Aeanano J Devise.

 

Cowbove Victimised,
Prom the Deneer Evening Poa.

We bad all made the guess by the cut of Dis dress ea
the tenderfoot style thal he slung,
Ano’ the way that he spun tones language that run
alick as grease from the p'intof hie tongue,
Thathe wasared- Rotter from over the water, @ Inte
ot a merkis. of WuSss

Thanthatir bis pank an’ we thought we could bank
ena bovin' some fan with the cuss,

Neta kel @ be crawl ith his words eeemed to fall
tr tat from cuten hts mouth,

An'the! } |b date tp bts eyes you would swear
showed 9 brain thas was stunted by drouth,

An’ the bes tho ance all rewarded the strange
sort Use that hod come there to board

Fur bis health asa snob. an’ we put up @ fod that'd
tower ine pride uo my lord.

He remarked he could ride anytbing that wore hide;
he had rid with the ‘ounds don’ tye know:

And we told Pim we thought we'd be able to trot oute
bose that wa'n't fashioned for show—

One o’ kittenish views—that'd serve to amuse of bis
Kivhness, f he was inelined

Fur to try {ta whirl, ache smiled tke @ girl, an’
would ‘ide tt if we didn't mind

An’ he wert further yet with an offer to bet all the
boodle that we could perduce

That hed ide anything we'd « botion to bring til) he
toned It doen tame aca goose.

An in mavuner quite rash our
flashed ‘urto Dack upour?

That wed find himachuns of aq
that'd buck’ Lim plum outen his

 
 
  

We'da mare inthe herd that wae reckoned @ bird.
Jestatoundieo’ gitunan’ git.

Half devil. half hoss, which the same (se evoss that's
productive o” meanness an’ grit:

She had down d every rider that dared get astride
her. an’ had ec ippied a dozen or ¢

Of the felicws who'd sald that the hose wasn't bred
that could eve ‘em the wust of a go:

So we saddied o) Satan, the tenderfoot waltin’ witha
grin on his innercent face,

An’ we got him astraddle an’ aot {n the saddle an’
seed everything was in miace,

An’ we bid him good by with a wink o’ the eye at
eachother an’ anxtously atood

Holdin’
might let ‘er go, If we would.

  

If the heavens had fll all around that corral and
drown d usin clouds from the akies

Tikin tl pou, by wad. that we wouldn't a had any
bigtera hunch o surpriee

Fur be «ot in hic seatin the saddle as neatasifloliin’
aroundinachatr

An’ that hroneoa thumoin’ the earth and @ jumpin’
In <psame righi unin the alr:

Lit a cigarerte right inthe heat o° the Oght an’
grinned st the animal's Jumps,

Us guys standin’ there with a paralyzed stare ike a
bunch of half-tdiot chump

An’ I'm teliin’ you. boss, that he stayed with that Boss
mrtii he wot tt aemeek aga calf,

An'rid itaround onthe hoof battered ground en' a
givin’ us fellers the laugh’

Every devilish bloke inthe gang had gone broke e
backin'’ his honest beltef

 

| on Oct. 30,

QURATIONA AND ANAWERA,

        

het wae the ober of foegnt Aqiietion pertainin
the selection of membhere of the ate ond be
ever found eapreesion io national or Mate phar e
“a. 0

‘Te have Senators lected direetiy ty popular rote
and fot, a¢ now, by the State Legielaturee ine
California Demorratea in (404 nad « plank calling
for euch af election eo did the [emorrate (nf Indiana,
1908 (9 Maseachusctio (400 ') Minnesota, 14048 In
Nebraska, 1800 [n Vevadas, 1004 In Ohio. 1808, and
in other States earlier and during the present year

Kliewer elected Governor
ot New Yor, and when wae he ‘naugurated? 2
When does spring, eummer, fell and winter eace

begin’ new

1, Me waa elected (n November, 1401, and Ineveu
fated on Jan. |. 1802 2 Astronomiraily, epring
begina about Mareh 2), summer about June 21, au
tumn about Sépt. 2) and winter about Dec 2). The
eaaci times tary from year wo yrer, but are alwaye
around the dates even,

fn the construction of the St Oothard tunnel tn
Switreriand, did the drille a from © te
ends of the tunnel actually meet or toueh each other
in passing, of did they enme po close together as to
say that they did, figuratively apraking?, * *

The centre lines of the two headings were thirteen
inches apart when the junction wae made; some of
the dritis may have met

Was the Dunderdere the fret fronclad built in the
United States? a3 M

No, the Sterena tronelad, begun in 1842, was the
firat: {t was never finished. ‘Three tronclads were

1, What year @as Mr

| authorized by Congress tn 1861; of these the Monitor

was the first launched, she went Into commission
on Feb. 4, 1862. The Galena followed in May, and
the New fronsidea late in the year, The Dunder.
berg was not launched until the summer of 1865.

 

 

During the campaign 1896, did not Mr. Bryan
make the ataternent at New Haven, Conn., that the
students of Yale College were there with the !'l-gotten
gains of thelr fathers? Can you give the exact

phraseology’ Tr M
In his speech at New Haven on Sept. 24, 1846, Mr.
Bryan said:

“la not speaking now to the sons who were gent
to college on the proceeds of {ll gotten gains. | wil!
walt until these sons hare exhausted what their fa
thers have left them, and! will appeal to their children
who will have to commence Iife where thelr grand-
fathers commenced.”

 

Kindly etate the name of the ferryboat that was
run fnto {n the North River and sunk within the last
two or three years and also the number of lives lost
on that orcasion, and furthermore, any aceident or
accidents to any ferryboat that have occurred on
the Fast or North Rivers by which any lives were
lost [n the last twenty years. Jou. H

The Chicago of the Pennsylvanta Railroad's ferry
1890. Three men were drowned. We

| do not recollect other fatal collisions.

nto tothe heado’ the brook ll he eald we |

| © regulate tramc.

Thatthe bronco we'd picked—that had never been |

Heved ‘d sure bring the stranger to grief
An’ we bellered an’ swore tll our lungs was plum
shre when we learned that the schemin’ young

hound
Bil Snyder, the champion rider, @
huntin’ a snap-which he found
JAMPS BARTON ADAMS

 

 

November.
From the Westminster Gasatte

lam the widow of the year,
The ate T lean on isn spear
Dronped from my ded ord’s loosening hand
When Wint slew him. took bts land,
And claimed hi chtidren all as slaves,
My sons he made hs ' itchen knaves,
My daughters mode his dancing girls;
They leap and tvtstin magzy whirls,
And you who see them say. perchance,
“How mecrily the dead leaves dance!” r
Tam a mourner that was cueen
No nage tn cloth of gold is sen
To bear my train or clear away
® The boughs across my path that «way,
The North Wird tows upon his hora,
Mv foeman’s hunting call: forlorn
Of all my splendor 1 lie down
Nightly upon the bracken brown,
Thave no lity and no rose
Save that which out of sunset Growa;
My ccentre's lost, my gariand’s ear,
lam the widow of the year.
Nona Hoprsn

 

 

 
 

 

 

After Martial.
A PAGAN SENTIMENT.
From the Westminster Gasette.

TY one there be. fact friend meng the few,

Such as old fatth, and encient fame have knowa,
Steeped tn the arts of wisdom, old and new

Tn whose pure soul true goodness has Its throne,

Guardian of rigbt lover of honesty,
Untaught (n prayer a aelfeh knee to bend.

Calm in his mind's great strength—tf euch there be
Surely I know him-—itis you, my iriend.

 

 

Thankegiving Anticipation.
From the Colorado Springs Gasatte.

Thou pie’

Proud. rich descendant of

The House of Mince

In making which the Bousewtfe
Nothing atints,

The hour draws nigh

When thou

‘Toward our inmost midst shal!
Gilde,

‘There to repose and

Patntlly abide

Pathed hut unbermed by all tie
Gastric flood

And

Sending

Reet ese fevers through

Our blood

Mnttonr eretwhile

Peaceful couch

Is changed

Unto a den of animals that ranged
The preh storte earth.—In

Preaing we sre at
re red winged Bippopotamus;

The three

Heads of the yellow

Tragon:

Dartirg fangs of

Srakes:

While wild orang-outengs

Play tag

Acros® the counterpane;
And birds :
Of aspect strange beyond all
Human words
Shetek
Vadly: till at last
The form appears
' Of ome
Great-qreat great-grandmotber,
Who cheers
Qursieep with words that make
Ve eold as tee
And chide hecanae we took
That second slice!
‘Thus do
The souls of all the
Tinknown thirgs
Whereof thou'rs made,
Come back
‘To haunt our ooueb ta
Grim parade
Untill awaking with on
Awfyl @r an,
We swear to let thee
Evermore
Alone’
Thus firm our
Resolutions made—and yet
As months roll on we
Very soon
Poreet,
And go through all
Theve hideous acenes next year,
When once seain
Thankagiving-time draws near!

 

His Wite’s Mother,
From the Somereilie Journal.

Who soothes the children when they ery?

Who rtth-tr calli: quieniy & ,

Who gives them eandy, cake and ple!
My mother-in-law.

Who mends mg clothes when tbey are torn?
Who darne my socks when they are worn’
Who cheers ine when I feel forlorn’

My mother-In-law.

Who keeps watch of the furnace fire*
Who rules the servante that T Dire?
Who telis the tceman be'sa liar?

My mother-in-law.

Who always has some cash to lend

On which, In need. Lmay depend?

Who ts, In short. my dearest riend*
My mother in law

The Poem of a Good School Child.

With pencil, slate and paper,

I'm started now for school,
Ab, school isa mighty shaper.

Is turns out the dumb, the wise, the fool,
T'll try © be a wise one,

 

| Some day. my sif'to teach,

But afeliow Going to school ts like @ pebdbie on the
beach,
Some n4ughty wave comes near,
And If you're not Just thinking,
You go slong. and i\'s this that causes Greas.
But I'm started pretty well now,
I'm going to keep it up,
So as to be a help wo all

When I'm big enourch @26

|

| Grange

| tts prey.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

NOTRA OF FLECTRICAL PROGKERAS,

Ae modern manufacturing (taNiahmente pre
eres and competition between them heromes more
feree the fy preducte of thelr work are @eneraliy
Mudied ecarefuily to fod tf they
of tatue 1 te the eame @tth elertrir
tallway power stations, which fora
have tried te fad some outlet for thelr eurplis power
and geome aale for thelr waete products bieete
fane and elecicie motera for tarous pourpomee hare
ciren an outlet for the surplus of thelr produet tut
It baa only just bewun to he realired that euch power
stations have a valuable by product In the exhanat
steam which escapes from them after it hea done
duty in thelr enetnes

ible ateam (a ati!) hot, though at a preas re litle
‘any in excess of that of the atmosphere, and ts use
ful na @ @ouree of ateam heat (if course the market
for steam heat \s rigidly limited hy srasons and co)
mates, but in certain places the anie of steam alread)
once used haa been found to pay nearly all the ron
ning eapenaes of the atation, although limited tr
a few months in the rear, FPlaborate ayatera of
piping have been laid in @ number of cities in the
Northwest for the onuteyance of the steam, and it
‘s(n that part of the | nited States that the market
ing of heat from electric stations has moat vogue,
Bulldings aa far asa mile from the station have been
heated economically, and wherever, in that elimate,
the scheme has bern tried 1} has met with the greatest
favor.

contain flemente
HNahting and

ne tee peat

 

Wind power has been utilized for the electric light
ing of the town of Wittkiel, in Schleswig, which 's
situated at the entrance of a narrow fjord running in
from the Baltic in a place where the wind ts fairly
constant The experimental plant, for the {natal
lation is, ag yet, little more than an experiment, con
sists of a windmill of pecullar design, a dynamo,
and @ considerable battery of accumulators. No
leas than 1,000 square feet of wind surface ts ex posed
by the windmill vanes. ‘lhe apparatus runs at 4
normal speed of eleven revolutions a minute, which
is governed by shifting the angle of alantof the wind

vanes aiitomatically, and develops about thirty horse

power. A dynamo ts so geared to the windmill as
to run at 700 revolutions a minute, furnishing 120
amperes of current at 160 volts when the wind ve
locity exceeds eight feet a second. One pole of the
dynamo is permanently connected with the terminal
of the storage battery, the other being connected with

' the awitch of the regulator mechanism which 4u

Is there a State, county or city ordinance which |

says that if a vehicle of any kind wishes to pass an
other going In like direction with !tself !t must do so
to the left KH. G. H. 126.

A State law requires vebicies 'n passing to keep
to the right, and ordinances may be passed In cities
We suppose that they require a
vehicle passing another going tn the same direction
to pass to the left: it is the only way it can pass.

Kindly tell me date, place and cause of sinking
of steamship Oregon, which oocurred a few years
ago. A friend informs me that only three pers
are aware of what caused the sinking of thia ress
namely himself, the captain of the ship at that time
andthe diveremployed. Is he not stretching it a bit

a

  

}.

The Oregon was sink on March 14, 1886, of Lang
Taland, by colliding with a schooner. It seems poss!
ble that your friend {s stretching tt a good deal.

I rlaim aman can be @ prize fighter and still be @
gentleman. Will you kindly let me have your opinion
on this subject Fr. M.

It isconceirable that he might be.

1. Who planted the thirteen trees at Hamilton
was it HKurr or Hamilton® 2. What date
and year were the trees planted’ 3. Por what reason
were they planted” a ¢

1 Alexander Hamilton planted them with his own
hands 2 About a vea@> before his death: {tts said
that he planted them on July 4, 1808. 8 They
represented the thirteen original States.

What is the value, in lean beefsteak, of one ordl-
nary hen's eg” R

We don't know. For nutritive purposes, meats
rank frst, Ash second and emgs third

Kindly give mea description of the so-called “Kise
ing Bug” What ts its correct name? A BC

There are three Kissing bugs in the Fast Hedurius
personatus, Meianolestes addominalia and Coriscus
sudcoleoztratus. ‘The first of these le about three
quarters of an Inch long, and looks like the common
equash bug: It has along beak which !t thruste into
The arcond has wings, lives under rocks
and stones, runs swiftiy and flies by might The
third {s shorter, we hare no description of It, as it
may notreally bea “kissing bug.’ There are other
varieties in the Weat.

tomatically takes care of the charging of the battery
On the discharge cireuit which runs about the town
the pressure is maintained at 110 volts, and from
these wires o number of motors as well as electric
lights of various kinds are operated. Itis thought
that the plant will be very successful, in which case
a number of others will be tnstalled in the same neigh
borhood.

In most districts where wires are not underground
8 noticeable feature of many pole lines ts big cables,
containing each a large number of telephone wires
These cables are made up of small copper wires, gen
erally a little amaller than the wire of the familiar
hairpin, which are insulated with thin paper and,
after being twisted together in pairs, are laid upina
bundle containing from fifty to 250 wires and the
whole covered with a thin coating of lead forced on
{n the same way thatiead pipe is made, Natur
ally such cables are somewhat heavy, thelr wetght
running up to about two and # half pounds to the

| linear foot, and atthe same time they are mechanteally

; cally from coal-tar residues.

Upon what original privilege or right do reigning |

royal families perpetuate their reign from generation
to generation? STUDENT

Tipon the “divine right of Kings,” presumably.
‘Their ancestors got the kingdom, and they inherited
1t That the people should have a voice in choosing
their rulers is comparatively a modern idea

Did Aguinaldo sail from the shores of Asia t the
Philippine Islands with Dewey's fleet? B.A

No, he came over afterward, arriving on May 14
1898, on the Mcculloch. Dewey's despatch boat.

During an argument A made the statement that
on the death of Cardinal Antonell!l soine rears ago,
during the settlement of his estate, & woman claimed
that he was the father of her child, and that she got
a large ahare of his estate through 4 process of law,
Will you please give particulars? H.S. S

The statement is practcally correct Antonelll,
who was nota priest, left a daughter, the Countess

Lambertini, who sued for a share in the estate,

Can you give the boundaries of the site of the Old
Fiy (or Bly) market formerly nearoron Maiden lane?
P. BECKER,

Wecannot. The Memorial “History” of New York
generally places !t at the end of Malden lane; but
remarks that the Fulton street market was called
the Fly market until within a short time,

 

Date when the trade dollar was redeemed

1,
| by the United States, and did the Treasury Depart

|
|
|

ment not restrict the quantity t $100 redeemable
at one time, from each individual wishing to have
aaid coins redeemed 2. In what coun did the
gameo! pinochle have {te origin? .G. D~

1. It was redeemed from March 1 to Sept. 1, 1887;
there was no such limit as you suggest.
seems to know; itis only a modification of berique.

 

Are the sone of American consuls born on foreign

too weak to support thelr weight in long spans. For
this reason they are generally suspended from strong
wires or wire ropes stretched from pole to pole, the
cable being bung In silngs of supports every two or
three fect

 

A large number of supporters for cables have been
devised, the conditions necessary to be fulfilled by
a siccessfiul appliance of this sort being so dimcult
that great trouble has been encountered In finding
one that would meet them. At one time tarred ratiine,
or small hemp yarn, was used, the yarn being spun
from a contrivance made for the purpose about the
Support wire and the cable se that the latter hung
!n & great number of loops of the soft yarn from the
former Phe diMeculty with this method was that
tn the course of time the ratline would naturaliy rot
and allow the cable to fall. Metalllc sings of va-
rlous kinds have been made, and while some of them
have been successful, most of them elther grip the
cable so tightly as to weaken of tn jure tt or else hold
{t so loosely as to let {t sifp down hill on tnelined Itnes
or loward the lowest point of the sag between poirs
A new type of cable-ciip grasps the cable by means
of a soft metal band encircling it and tightened by
the weight of the eabie itself, much {n the same way
as the buckle of a patent shawi strap is worked.

A new method for hardening and Increasing the
Itfe of storage battery piates has Just been patented.
It consists In dipping the plates alternately tn acidu-
Jated water and a dilute solution of pyrridin, which
is a complex chemical substance derived arnthet!
In the pyridin solu-

tion ts a smal) quantity of aleohol, and ‘t ts asserted |

that the combination of all the agenctes concerned

| results tn greatly strengthening the plate merDant-

cally and also, by hi oxidizing the plate, in mak-
tng ‘tof considerably higher capacity than !t would
be without this treatment.

 

 

 

Protection for underground metals against elec
trolytic action has been more or less anxiously sought
ever since 't was discovered that the return current
of trolley roads !s eating up pipes ina number of places.
A nove) device for the purpose 's described In a patent
lately granted. ‘The pipes or other metals to be pro
tected are painted with some compound that qill
{tself conduct electricity, but whieh does not suffer
electrolysis. Among such things are mixtures of
graphite and paraMine, powdered anthracite coal,
gelatinous compounds of silica, and a number of
other cheap and easily handied aubstances, It ts
believed that the relief afforded by such treatment
will be considerable, since the current leaving buried

+ metals (it 's the leaving, not the entering, current

| tance with the commercial apparatus at hand.

2. No one |

noi] considered native born, and entitled to oocupy |

the Presidential chair, if elected President’
FE. A. CO,

They have the right to follow the nationality of
their parents, and consider themselves Americans
by birth. We think this would make them eligible
to the Presidency.

 

C. A. F.—Henry Ward Beecher did not stump
for Cleveland in 1844 He died March 8, 1887.

 

Mra R. M. Sanger —There is no Federal law against
the “endices chain system” of letter writing to raise
money.

G. G.—Mr. Bryan wasa member of the Ways and

 

' yeans Committee that reported the Wilson Tarif?
. dIL im 1803-4.

 

E. Bigeiow--In 1890 the population of the United
States was 62,622,250; in 1900 It was 76,206,220.

 

F. S., Rockaway--The McKinley Tarif caused

the development of tin plate making in this country, »

but though mines have been found in many parts
of the country, tin ore ts not produced commercially.
Our tin plate [s made with foreign tin.

 

C. H. Carpenter—During the Revolution there
was a General named Lee. Charles Lee was sec-
ond senior Major-General from June 17, 1775, until
dismissed from the army for insubordination to Con-
gress, in 1778; he was a traitor, though his treason
was Dot discovered until years after hisdeath. Henry
Lee, “Light Horse Harry,” though never commis-
stoned a General, was another famous soldier; he
was of another family, however. There was fo bat-
tle at Kip's Bay.

R. S.—John Morley’s life of Richard Cobden is
the best biography.

Jon Smuh— Admiral Farragut wae not of im-
mediate Spanish descent; his ancestors were Ma-
jorcans and Minorcans.

 

 

Henry Carrington--The pastor of a chureh, being
“ex-officio chairman,” presides at all meetings where

he ts present

Wilkes Barre —The Catholic nm. ssionaries as such
were no more & cause of the trou»les in China than
the Protestant missionaries, Porstbly the French
renuirement that the Catholle m.asionaries should
have the rank and privileges of mandarins had aome-
thing © do with creating Jealousy among the Chinese

W. H. Cronthiie—The automobile magazines are
The Automodile the Automorile Topics, the Auto
mobile M agasine, all of them are published in this city.

 

HY. Gtrard—-There 1s a State law that forbids the |

attaching of signs to the ''nited States flag.

F. Ginéduy—It 1s not illegal to mutilate United
States coin, unless the mutilation is dome with
traudulentZntent. _

 

that burts: will be spread over a much larger surface,
and thus local excessive flows will be abolished.

‘The power transmission line between Snoqualmie
Falis and Seattle, Wash.. has been looped to make
a circuit more than 150 miles long, and power has
been successfully transmitted over this great dis
While
this experiment may have no immediate result [n
Practice, it is of deep interest as showing the poasi-
Diltties of electrical power transmission with modern
apparatus and under present day conditions. very
such demonstration on a practical acale is another
step toward the general distribution of the power of
cataracts and other natural sources t cities within
@ considerable radius. It has often been asked if it
ts, to-day’, practicable to transmit Niagara Falls power
to New York city. The proposition to do so would
involve no great difficulties not already conouered
by electrical engineers, but such @ transmission would
have to compete with the already established trans-
mission of power {n the form of coal hauled from the
felds of Pennsylvania and West Virginia. .In the
present state of the artand of the coal market it would
not be expedient to atternpt to furnish electrical power
tn New York from Niagara, but, should the ability
to transmit large powers to great distances economi-
cally come with greater advanceof clectrical engineer.
ing, then the question may receive another answer,

Automobilism and the Increasing necessity for
some form of traction for goods and passengers better
sulted to cities than that furnished by the horse, have
given another impetus to the search for @ storage
battery that combines lightness with high output
and enough mechanical and electrical strength to
insure long life, Nothing {s more urgently needed,
and nothing seems further from attainment, For
many years inventors have worked at this fascinat-
ing problem, but little has been done to improve the
arcumulator since {ts invention more than twenty
years ago. Nowadays it (s conceded that electricity
furnishes the {deal motive power for automoblies
—and noone can'say how much power will he ad-
porbed by these vehicles when the horse ts only 4
memory —bdut coupled with its great advantages are
the expense, weight and untrustworthiness of stor
age batteries. Singularly enough, of all metais lead
is the only one ovtof whieh a successful accumulator
has been made, and lead is one of the heaviest of sub-
tances. As electric vehicles are now made, about
one ton of vehicle ts renuired for the accommodation
and transportation of one passenger. The need for
a licht storawe battery is suMciently evident when
this figure ts kept in view.

 

As much misplaced Ingenuity has been shown in
devising ways to beat the electric meter as has been
exh(bited in other varteties of thievery. No fewer than
half a dozen schemes for making the ordinary motor
wattmeter read lese than ft should have been tried by
Ushonest customers and deteeted by electric leht
stations. A favorite method, until meane were found-
to prevent It, was to drill a small hole in the dust-proof
case of the meter and introduce a emall but able
bodied spider. In the course of time the insect would
fill the Gelicate works of the meter with epider web.
Another method was to put @ strong bar magnet un-
der the meter on lis shelf, #0 as to ald the retarding

magnets of the meter itself and bold the instrument
bacs The emall insect powder gun, which aquirte

4 mixture of alr and fine dust, bas alan been used to |

fil the mechanism with dust, which clogs ite bear-
ings. The more modern types of meters are prac-
Ccally proct against such ascemes bul doubticss some
one Will waste Valuable ingenuity trying to elser thes
iadications to bis pros > —

Rew Pudlientions.

1ST
Ist Edition exhausted.

 

3rd Edition in

THRILLING SCENES IN CAMP AND BATTLE.

       

Rew Publientions.

BLISHED.
2d Edition now ready.
eparation.

 

 

WHO Goes THERE ?

|THE STORY OF A SPY IN THE CiviL WAR.

By B. K. BENSON.

Cloth, 12mo. $1.50.

| *The best story of the CivilWar that has appeared of recent years . . .

Army of the Potomac. .
presentation of detail that h

most historical fictions. . . .

author spares the reader no

a

those who are interested, and particularly veterans . . . of the

. will follow every page with ab-

sorbed interest . . . It is due to the author's power of graphic

is book contains so much of the

interest of a novel while containing more historical truth than

Never has the hazardous life of a soldier on special duty
between the lines been depicted so fully and imaginatively. The

thrill, and unfolds a wealth of lore

on scouting that might make it a valuable adjunct to Baden

Powell's popular treatise." —The Springfield Republican,

“A Nover wuick wor Prease Att wHo Enjoy a Narra
TIVE IN WHICH THE SITUATIONS ARE Hisroricat. . . . Morr

| THAN THE Usuat INTEREST CENTRES IN THE Tate. The Siva.
TIONS ARE STIRRING."’— Times-Union, Albany.

THe MacmMILLAN COMPANY, 66 FIFTH AVE,

 

SCHOOL FOR CARD PLAYERS.

 

Cassino— LL. M. says There being a 6 on the table

A plays an ace from bis hand, stid holding 2, 7 and
?. B plays, and thea A puts the deuce on his first
build, calling it nine. # bets this cannot be done.

A's play is correct. It ts a principle In all games
that no player shal! have any advantage over another
unless there be some compensating advantage. It
1s obvious that If B had held the 2 7 and @ he coulc
either have taken In the seven-bulld as it atood or
have increased it to nine, and there ts no reason why
A should not have the same privilege because if it
is allowed to B and not to A the istter{s placed ata
disadvantage.

S., Ro H. McC. and othera—In an
two-handed game, A plays first end the cards fall
4 5, 4, 6, 2, 7, 4. All the runs are admitted up to
the last card played, when B objects to A's announce
mentofa run of six and two holes for 51.

A's pegging 1s correct, because tf we go back over

the cards from the last one played we do not encounter

| any duplicates until the run of six announced by A
ls complete.

}
| Cribhage-P. F.
1
i

 

J. BR. EF. says No one in Baitimore seems to know
what combination of cards ere worth 27 in eribbage
Will fHe SUN tell us?

Haltimore {s not alone in this matter. The num
bers 27. 26 and 28 cannot be made by any combination
of cards.

 

F. ©. says My adversary holds a band conta!n-
ing two nines, aseven and an eight, witha nine turned
According to Hoyle this ts worth 17, but B bets It Is
worth 26, which he makes out by counting three

} double runs of eight and two for the fifteen.

There are no such things In cribbage as runs of
eight or bands worth 26 polots. If the three nines
are laid out tn @ triangle, each side of this triangle
will form a palr, worth six holes altogether. ‘Then
the 7 and & combined with each of the pines will make
three runs of three, worth nine more, and the 7 and &
together are worth two for the fifteen, or seventeen
holes all told.

 

Deciding Tiea R. C. H. aaye In a whist tourna-
ment there are two prizes. ‘Two patrs tle for first
place and play {t off. The winners of course take
first prize. lio the losers take the second or dors
it goto the p irtbat Anished third In the tournament’

The two palma are not ted for frst price hut for
the choice of first and second and the winners !n the
playoff have the first choice. They may selert the
second prize if they choose, the other going to the
losers. ‘lhe third pair is never in It.

 

A wants 4. while B wants

Pedr. C. H. says
makes the

1. A bdide three and makes eight. B.
point for game. Which wins

A wins

 

   
  

| Old Sledge. ©. A. C. seys In a four handed

Periparen!p game, A and # are playing against
| Vand Z. Z deals and A ts about to lead when ‘tly
found that Y has three catds too many while Z ts
three short. A shows ace and deuce of trumps and
counts high low, as {t ts not his feult that there is
a misdeal, Y and 7 call \t a misdeal.

There {s no misdea! tf the twenty-fifth oard was
the turned trump, If ¥ had three of Z's cards while
A and B bad thete right number, Y and Z are alone
tn error and they cannot be allowed to gain the ad
vantage of a new deal, It would seem that 2 should
be made to draw three of Y's cards, fece down, and
the hand should be played out.

 

A.A.W.says: A wantsthreeand Bwanteone. A
Dids three and makes high Jack game to H's low
The Hartford Times decided, Oct. 24, that bb won
pecause his low counted before A’s Jack and game.
A disputes this decision, and it is agreed to leave
it to THE SUN

It is a fundamental principle tn all bidding games
that the successful bidder shall have the first count
and that {f he makes as many as he bid he scores
them. If this is enough to put him out he wins the
| game, no matter what any other player may have
| made, If it were not for this rule any player who
| was ahead could “sweat out,” and the bidder would
have no compensating advantage for the risk he
runs in bidding

 

Euchre, H. .J. S. says: A bets that if the dealer
holds both bowers and the aoe, with two small cards
{n another suit, he should play alone. B bets such
a lone band fs all nonsense.

If the two small cards are both of the same suit
{t 1s certainly a lone hand, because three tricks are
a certainty and {f the first lead can be trumped and
the adverse trumps all caught {n two leads the adver
saries may not have any of the dealer's plain eult
for the last two tricks, or they may keep the wrong
sult. Itisa rule among eaperts always to play alone
with three certain tricks.

 

Pinochie. S. .J. H. says In a two-handed game,
when there are only two cards left tn the stock, the
turned trump and another, A leads the ace of trumps.
Can he stil exchange the dix for the turned trump”

Certetnly. The meld ts good until the stock !s ex-
hausted and !t {s not exhausted until both players
have drawn for the last time

 

H. H. says: Ina four-handed game, one of the play-
ers revokes and the other side claims 250 points pen-
alty ora new deal. Is this correct’

The usual penalty for the revoke !s that the aide
tn error shal! lose {ts entire score for “cards,” that is
for the points In the tricks taken in during the play.

F. A. S. says: In a@ four-handed game. after the
hand {s finished, all proceed to count their tricks.
A finds he has notenough Hy makes a mistake in
his count ad says be has enough, whereupon A in
sists that B loses the game, because he called out
when he was not out.

A istnerror, It Is only In the course of play that
one may cal) out, So as to stop the game, the object
being to get alicad of a player who Is already out but
does not know \t. ‘The penalty for the false count
is the loss of the game, but when all the hand ts played
out and the tricks are counted, the result stands on
{te merits and !f a piaver makes a mistake In his reck-
oning he does !t in full vlew of his adversaries, whose
duty 1! ta to cal) attention to it, nothing more.

 

M. F. says: A bets that he ean lay down the trump
marriage and then the remaining cards of the se
quence and score 199 in one meld.

In the four-handed game he can, but not !n two
handed. In the latter he must win @ separate trick
for each of the two melds that go to make up the 190.

 

J. WR. says Having melded 80 kings and 60 queens;
the cards being still on the table when A wins an
other trick, be counts 40 for the trump marriage.
B disputes {t.

The marriage can be scored. In som New York
clubs, however, it Is the rule to Insist that a new card
from the band shall be played for each fresh meld.
This is simply @ local custom and not good pinochie.

 

Poker, G. W.H. says: A bets a blue chip and B
throws in two blues without saying anything. A,
thinking I) has just called. spreads his hand and
says “Beat two pairs and take it.” Hh osays “I will
take it anyhow, as you did not call my raise” A
bets he has still the right to see the raise.

A has not abandoned his cards, because spreading
them on the table to show what he has /s quite a di! fer-
ent thing from throwing them tntothe discard. When
chips are thrown Into the pool among a number of
others already there it is very dificult for one to tell

| what is bet if the bettor makes no announcement,
as in this case, and A is clearly within his rights to
take up his cards again and proceed with the betting
when bis attention is calied to the fact that he has been
raised. Should A dispute the fact that he had beep
Galeed, 11 might be very GiMeult fer B te prove ht.

| BRITISH AGBICULTURE IN i800.

OMoctal Figures Showing the Decline of Farm-
ing In Great Britain.

| The recently published returns of the Board
| of Agriculture in London, which give particu-
lare of the agricultural conditions tn bLroe-
land, Scotland and Wales, contain much that
is Siguestive to the American reader. To 1n-
derstand rightly the full importance of the
feures that will be elted tt should be remen-
bered that the total area of the island of Great
Britain, comprising the three countries named,
is 56,401,546 aeres. Of these, only 12,181,009
acres are reported as under regular cultiva-
tlon and of the rest 6,473,000 acres are under
permanent grass for hay and 12,355,036 acres
under permanent grass for pasture. The to-
tal area contributing directly to the food of
the population is 28,910,044 acres or as near!s
as possible, one-haif the total acreage of the
the island,

The unalysis of the area under cultivation
In 1960 1s instructive, on aceount of the ex-
hibit it makes of the deciine of British agri-
culture under the existing system of land ten-
ure and it consequence of foreign competition
The acreage under wheat was only 1,846,043
acres, against 2,000,081 in 1890, which agair
Was Jesa by 191,225 acres than in 1888 The
area g ven over to barley was 1,600,265 acres,
being an increase of 8,157 acres over 15288. Oat
covered 3,026,088 acres, an augmentation «f
66,255 acres over the previous vear. Pota-
toes also showed an increase, there havirg
been 561,561 acres, against $47,682 in 1899 The
area under cereals, as will be seen, arnounted
to only 6,861,505 acres for all kinds grown ir
the country; les; than in the first half of the
eentury Wus given over to wheat alone tn the
whole United Kingdom

Clover and rotation grass for hay oceupied
2,201,781 acres, which was 13,102 acres leas than
in 1899, and clover and rotation grass not for
hay took up? 377 acres, or 36,601 lessthan ir
1809. Permanent grass Jand for hay covered
4,873,000 acres, being 34,014 over last year
while permanent pasture increased, being
12,355,048 acres against 12,291,€62 in the previ-
ous year

From the British standpoint the returns
are exceedingly unsatisfactory, and ther be-
come more so when the quantity of live stock
in the country ia considered The number o”
cattle in 1900 is put down at 6,805,170, showing
a trifing increase over 1890 of only 9,450 head,
while the count of sheep had fallen from 27,
289,754 in 1899 to 26,592,228 this vear, a lose of
646.528 Plies nurmbered only 2,381,932, againsr
2,622,818 last year, a diminution of 241,881. The
raising of pork is apparentiy nt very pop
lar in Scotland, the total number of pigs in tha
country reported being only 132,418, again-t
228,007 for Wales and 2,021, for England
The whole falling off in sheep occurred in Eng
land and Seotland, being 416,704 for the former
and 245,083 for the latter, Wales showed an
increase of 16,150

Ditferentiating the three eountries compos.
ing Great Britain by areas, England contains 2
695,212 acres, Scotland, 19,08", 659,and Wales, 4,722,
Theacreage contributing directly and indie

  

au

 

 

i seme

 

673

|
rectly to the food of the population is in Enge-
land 21,806,052 aeres, Seotland, 4,366,906, and
Wales, 2,752,101 The proportion in each to
area is for England about eleven sixteenths,
Scotland, about one-fourth, and Wales, a li-
tle more than one-half. The area under en'-
tivation in Scotland has decreased since 1897,
the system of turning the land into deer for-
ests and grouse mor still being kept up
The area unaccounted for in the seriou.
tural returns In Great Britain alone amounts,
therefore, to 27,490,600 acres. Of this fully
one-half may be reckoned as Occupied by butld-
ing and as uncultivable territory. Of the re-
mainder, however, much is susceptible of eu -
tivation, especially in Scotland, where Intee
areas of country have depopulated
by evictions in order to turn them into hun'-
ing grounds. In Enegland there
siderable areas which but for the system «of
land tenure and mbrances
in the form of tithes, could be profiitably ene
tivated, and so leduce the dependence of the
country on foreign and colonial supplies ver
all Wales for its area makes tle mos
favoratue showing of the three aitvisions cf
(eat Britain, and Would make an even more
favorable one were not the county of Mon-
perly speaking a Wels
eiheed anos

been

kre also Cole

ecclesiastical ene

  
  

 

 

which is be

mouth,
count fone
the ki: sh cotntie
With the additi
82 2) aeres, ti
Kingdom ts 7
the cultivated and «
lict in the United Kingdom, it is cal
that there are at beast 15,000,000 aeres thet
might be profitably given over totree planting,
in Scotland and Trelend more particularly,
ittee of the Heuse of Cannot.
fled in s6in faver of a iarwe
tne in Fnelend as well as in
Uand, but though the evidence

the richest,

 

 

of Jreland, with ite 20..
lL extent of the United

leaving ot
land tying dere-
ileted

 

 

ao1es
iltivable

 

A select oor
on lorestry repe
scheme of pla
Ireland and S«

  

in faver of the scheme was so convineing
that the rywrt of the committee was
mpanimous, nething has come oof it The

the
t

value of
wood produ

present imports of tinker and
s such as pulp for paper mak-
ing, into the United Kingdom is more than
$150,000,.000 annually Gf this # very large
part could be furnished from native materia!
under a proper system of afforestation, be-
sides furnishing a healthful ceevpation te
large numbers of people now forced to crowd
into the cities for want of oecerpaticn on the

   

  

 

 

 

   

   
 

 

   

land. There are large areas of unenitiy
land in Ireland and Scotland, as persons tr
elling fn those countries can testifv, witen
are admirably adarted for tree cultivatior
ech as one sees in Germany and Veet iy M.
Boppa, the great Freneh authority on arboricnle
; ture, speakingof the ‘marveilers tayterpr
dvecing properties’ of the Seort land
climate, save it is a matter of regret that nothe
| ing has yet been done to 5 pce {09654 9 Ste
mnent in Seotland on a soend eecucr« mis
| In the present condition of thinks in Tnelend,
how , th robability t nthe
can be done in the direction ine ted | | #
, Bopna and Prof, Scliiel, a German authority
onthe same sub lect
(me thing mav force the whole qrestion
of land tenure and use on pol tention ir
the United Kingdom, the e reorernizatir
of the «vstem of natioy epee, which el
goon come Up for eonsicde Parhanent
The avestion of haw and wt besturdy re
ant class, whose off-pring furnsted the flower
of the British Armer atthe be et ard
the beginning of the rere . bre di
anpeared off the soil of will then

have to he probed to the root The peces
itv for increasing the home prodvetion of

| cord So anther and vita) branch of the eage

—_ <> eee

ST

Pe
ae 3

ee

5 TS oe