;
i
;
i
i

——

————

   

4

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

SUICIDE—ITS INCREASE, | 07 @ matetanins Ges 0 © core ne worse | ander the Frnptre and wae reenanifad, a

| than @ fatal act of folly There te ne ane in

felling misery that it la net miserable, of in

sornwisy amr. met ORICAL

wn dene ing that aa same men are it would he beter
WRITE OF BET PDrATAee TION, for them not ta he What can be eaid in all

oe the |) Chane le that there are foe | cain the fitore

fe Fade the Principal Canse to ft and that at ang fate Iife sill seo come to a

Hordern Heoptee
te @ticite
inagia Sot

foereceed Semebiittn af
Mirrisge ae oan Antidate
fhiroree ae an Tacentive hath

hatoral end
Napoleon condemned anlcide, maring Chat ir

 

Buteide Mow he Ret Hee tteen Mega dea ie | wig 9 hewdiona fens fo the chances
Weaof action and Phileeoehere ia atl Aaee of the future “A eoldier ene ble character
statiation juet p chad ahow that @ulcid@ te fetin phrase, “whe committed suicide wan a

at the forse Lt might be hastily inferred — denerter When hie great friend bree was
that ¢ . i ia haeot @ lesa hapny fit rortally wounded and wieled to terminate
the e wold heunfornded Rather ft) he agony Napoleon @ould not let hin and
night ha aald that the means ef eniorment  aaid he most bear it to the end Nevertheless,
ee hoon graatiy increased and the atar fard | Napoleon himeelf, aiwave carried about the
te p Pinon ts raised, deptivation ia more | means of suicide in the share ¢ f @ little phial
er: felt and more productlea of deanair | of poteon hung round hie neck, and at Fon
The leading cause, however, pt ably is sensi. | talnetle@u, in bis deapauir, he attenipted to put
It aeerme to) an end to himeelf, but the poleon, probable

bility intensified be civilization
haan admitted fact that the rate of auicide in- | from long keey tug, had lost [te efficacy aud alter
eraasea with national education, not that suffering agonies he aurvired
pationaled ieation produces quicida, but it pra It seama that there renily have been auch
cea wanaibility. Some investiqatore tall us things as suicide clubs, the source of which
suicide is common also among savages probably was @nnui combined with the ex-
j i4, the canse may he assured to he very citament of a sort of deaperate gambling and
different from that which operates among the | an imaginary shifting of respousibuity for

The savage yielda without mfection belf-destruction /
to any impulse the borse in the New There is nothing either in the Old or the
’ 1 miyrils , !

Foreat, which, maddenad by the ating of the New Testament expressly forbidding suicide,
forest fly, dashes out (ta life against a tree though there is a paseage condemning it io
I} dowa not appear from the classification Josephus. But the cas of eutvlde, that of
that any particular ealling {9 espectally sul- Saul, who, after falling away from God and
\ ¢ having recourse to the witeh of Pndor, has
cidal uniess it be that of the soldier, It would j
have been easy to vinderstand why @ British hinaself killed in despair at defeat: that of Ali-
or Prussian soldier of former days, subjected tophel, who hangs biruself on the miscarriage
to an tron discipline, deprived of every com. | Of his wicked policy. and that of Judas, who
fort in life and mercilesaly flogged or caned, hangs himself from remorse, are all of them
' r nly dk shooking and deterrent. To the Jew this life
should be ready to bolt through the only door unt
of escape, expecially if he had been like many | Wa all, and his temperament was optimis te
of Frederick's soldiers, etimped, or, like many of he was litle disposed, therefore, tom {-de-
those in the Britiah army, deeoved when he was struction The Jews, besieged by anti-se
rur rf into a servies | mitvesin the Castle of York in the time of Richard
So for lite Bot under | 1, slay thernselves after slaving their wives
Swen 6 Mose mere oe 7 ” i. and obildren to avoid falling into the handa
the present military system ft is d Neult to ;
eee why soldiers should be given to suicide, of thair enenies. Similar acts of despera-
r r tf tion on the part of the Jews marked their war
Of the races one ia rather surprised at first to ;
he told the Teutonic, in which vou would have with the Ronins These are not aiicides
expected fortitude, are more suleidal} In the Koran there ts a cursory prohibition
than the Celtie, in which you would have ex- of suleds, watch, if the cause of aul cide is sene-
pected lass The gloom of northern bility, might be deemed superfluous for the
climate may be partly the cause, but it pro- Turk
bably may be eald alan that the deeper char- Thouch there is nothing in the New Testa-
acter ta the mora melanct The Roman |] maat forvidding sulelda, the Church vehe
Catholie Celt in Ireland will hear with com- | mently forbade it, some of the fathers even
placeney that the rate of sulcide among the | saying ta their exaggerated rhetoric that it
Saxon Prashrterians of Ulater ts double that | wasworsethan murder By the Churel, there-
among the fray ofhisown raceand religion fora, though not by the Rible, Shahespeare
Onatarather surprised algo to learnthat Mar, | ia borne o1t whan he says that the Almighty
June and July are the suicidal monthe, It | hae fisad hit canon against self-slauahter
might have been supposed rather that they were | Following in tha track of the Church, jaw
the «eison of cheerfulness and hope. The ex- | trsited aiicide as a high crime, doubly heinous
planation given ia that with revival of vitality | inasmuch as it interfered with the preroga-
all the feelings and impressions become more | tive of God and robbed the King of a aubsect.
lively. those which lead to suleide among the | Aa it could mot punish the offender, it vented
rest. This is the season when a young man’s | ite wrath upon his body and his goods. Coro-
fancy lightly turns totiouights of loveand when | ners’ juries took refuge in verdicts of
perhans disanpointments titove are common porary insanity
Mirvlage. itanpears, isan antidoteto suicide Plato in the “Laws” has a strong passage
which on the other hand prevatls among the | against suicide. “What shall 'e suffer who
divorced The fact is that nine marriages out | slays him who of all men, 48 they say, is his
of ten are happy not so happy perhaps as, in | own best friend? I mean the suicide, who
epite of all distusionment, evenness of temper | deprives himself br violence of his appointed
and determination to makethe bestoftheunion | share of life, not because the law of the State
would render them, yet happier than a lonely | requires him, nor yet under the compulsion
life, The tendency to domestic strife and di- | of some painful and inevitable misfortune
voree would naturally prevail most among the | which has come upon him, nor because he
tTieh and /lie, who have no daily need of each | has had to auTer from trremediable and Ine
other's help and are tempted to fill the va- | tolerable shame, but who from sloth or want
eancy in thelr lives with frregular love of manliness imposes upon himself an unfust
That suicide would befarlesscommonamona ! penalty. For him, what ceremonias there
women than among men statistics were hardly \ are to be of puriflcation and burla! God knows,
needed to assure ua, Women are more patient | and about these tho next of kin should in-
as well as lesa resolute than men, They are | quire of the interpreters and of the laws thereto
also less exposed to the stress of life. Among | relating, and do according to their tnjunc-
Kpanish women, however, it seems there is a | tiona They who meet their death in this way
ane clal prevalence of suicide, of which the in- | shall be buried alone, and none shall be laid
'

eivilized

like

recruiting sergeant

moat

the

tensity of Spanish passion isno doubt the cause. | at their side. they shall bea buried inglorioucly
It is rather disappointing to be told that | in the borders of the twelve portions of the
neither nor sexual immorality | land, in such places as are uncultivated and
fa among the principsl direct causes of suicide. | nameless, and no column or inscription shail
Their sulcidal effect seems to befelt more by the | mark the place of thelr interment.”
fthe a4inners chan by the sinners 1X, 873.) This was probably the Greek
If we could serutinize the causes of sulcide | aitty, highly pitched: though we have
we should probably find that the variety was | trious casas of antcide in Themistocles and
fofinite. Numberlessare thethings which may | Dernosthenes, we might almost add Hannibal,
rake amin especially ifhisliverisoutoforder, | for although a Carthaginian, he waa within
faney that life ts not worth living. Mere sat- | the range of Greek ideas
fety, it appears, may sometimes have a fatal In allowing as an excuse Irremediable and
effect. The mysterious death of the wicked | jntolerabie shame, Plato has perhaps named
Lord Lytte ton,superniturally predleted, seam | the one thing which may palliate real suicide,
tohave besa merely acaseofsuicide committed | eapecially in the case of any one who has «tood
by a sated voluptiary and masked by @ story | high asaman of honor A deadly plot against
which he told his friends of an apparition Warns | jig reputation was the real cause of Castle-
ing him that he was aboutto die, Within the | reagh’s suleide, though his nerve may have
writer's notice a case has occurred of sulcld® | heen shaken by ill health; in the oase of Clive,
committed by a wealthy sybarite without 45- |) perhaps popular hatred, ill-deserved, mingled
signable cause viniess it were weariness of life, | with the tortures of disaase, but attempts on
brought to a eri-is perhaps by disorder of the
livesowingtoextcene sultrinessof the weather,
On the other hand the writer has known @ case
character of the man waa excellent
and the only assignable mot ve waa the prose
pet of having a. office thrust upon him and
being t us e¢ :d to play a public part.
perhaps, Was something LUk@ | return to alife even of poverty and toll
r, though there was not, as in
insane delusion

drunkenness

children more

ment was suicidal

The morality of republlean Rome appears
to have condemned any but heroic sulvide,
such as that of Lucretia or Curtlua. Virgil
puts the spirits of the autcides into a melan-

where the

ym pel
The tenperament,
that

The
State waa not to be deprived of a citizen, the
s | soldier was not to desert hie poet But with

We can hardly reckon among suicides casag | the Empire and the Stoic philosaphy, which
i

of Cow

 

the case of Cr

   

of euthanasia, as itis called, that isof the mere |! wasa etanding revolt of the model man againet

shortening of the pains of death. There seems | the tyranny and vices of the Empire, suicide
to be no good reason why, When death iscertain, | became the suppert and the consolation of a
when moral and intellectual life is practically | high circle.
extine’ and nothing is left but the capacity of
pain, aman « ud uncergo lingering tortures | br both the two courtter poets of the Augustan
insteadofhe lowed to the relief ofall about | age, Horace and Virgil
him isown to depart in peace. If “You will find,” says Seneca, “even professors
Providence Las sent the pain, Provédence has of philosophy who deny the lawfulness of e!-
also sent the remedy. If it is urged that you cide and maintain that we are bound to wait
ought to Wait til God calls you, you may reply | for the end decreed by nature) Those who
that a mortal disease {9 the call of (iod. The | any this do not see that they ara shutting the
danger of license, however, is obvious, at least | door of liberty. Nothing better has eternal
without strict medical regulation, whichtt would | law done than in giving one entrance Into life
be very dificult to provide, Itseems hard that | but many exita. Am I to awalt the cruelty
science should be employed, as so often it must | of disease of mon when I can eut short my
be, in keeping a man stretched on the rack, and | ¢arments? This {e our only reason for not
1) ia sometimes an unhappy privilege of wealth | .mnlaining of life, that It constrains no one
to have its tortures thus skilfully prolonged inimanity te fortunate in that no man, save
when poverty would be allowed to die, Yet It through hie own fault, {s wretched. You are
is, no doubt, the duty of the physician to fleht , eontent, live. You are not content: rou may
deathtothelast. Asamatteroffact, themercl- | ratuien whenoe vou came” (Ep LXX., 14)
ful use of anodynes, which no law of the pro- | ty 14 girely diMoult te contend, In face of such
feasion forbids, ts almost equivalent to euthae | language as this, that the Stoic philosophy
nasia. Sir Thomas More, a most devout man, | giconuraged aulcide, though {t might and did
makes euthanasia lawful in his Utopia condemn hasty and cowardly resort to It,
Of self-destruction from insanity or lesion of Epictetus certainly counsels patient waiting

sa gl a nae ve speak. This is to all | for the signal of release and not departing
intents and purposes natural death. {

Someexpertsmaintainthatalleasesofaulcide
are cases of insanity: but if you ask them what
they mean by insanity, they will say tendency
to suicide just as itn the case of murder, when
they are oalied in support of a defence on the
ground of insanity the only account of insanity
which they can give is tendency to murder. real suicide.

Insomnia appears to be on the increase, A very etrikine thing Ia the desertption tn
whatever may be the cause, whether anything Snetonius, who tf he had chosen to deal with
in our diet or in the general restiessness of an history instead of corsip mirht have heen an
age, in which nobody except the old Turk seem# | eminent writer, of the auicide of Nero Tle
to keen the tradition of repose. Sufferers from depoeed trrant and monster “ieee from Rome
thie malady might be naturaliy tempted to | ty) aiexnise to the villa of cne of his freedmen
take refuge in the last long sleep. Only they | an the road he te reeognizerd, in spite of hie
Should remember when the temptition beseta | ajaryise, by A soldier of the Prwetorian Guard
them that in sleep we continue to exist, and | who calotes him Ae the passes the camp he
from it we awake refreshed, but from death | pears the eoidlery shouting for hit successor
there is no awakening. Lhe tnseription placed | Slipped into the villa by a hack way, he holds
by the French Revolution over the gates of jan agonized debate between life and death,
oometerias, “Here is Prernal Sleep,” was, theres | giving instruction for his burial, and ever and
fora, even on the at ieistic hy pothesis, false anon orvinag: “What an artixt dies in me'”

It dows net aprear that there ts any philo- | Reine told that If he were caught alive he would
Rophic classifieation of the modes of sulcide | he scaureed to death, he produces twa dac-
chosen by diferent persens. Women naturelly | gers, but pits them up again He ealle on
prefer poison to the more violent methoda of Sporns, a creature of his vices, to raise the
eel !-destruc ti There have been several cases | funeral wall; prays that sen chody would set
lately of we Who, being unable to get | him the example of dying: tries to awaken his
Prussio acid or lnudanum at the druwgist's | reaolution hw eelf-reproach At last he hears
have poisoned themselvea with paris «reen | the nolse of horsemen approachine to arrest
or carbolic acid, thereby putting themselves | him. Then, with the nasistance of an attend-
to a death of torture ant, he drives the dagger into his throat

The first grand Inatance was Cato,

   

ie
as we'l ash

sulcide

The objects of Imperial
sometimes commanded to
and (f they obeved ther partly escaped the
confiscation of goods which would have fol-
lowed execution. This, of course, was not

 

displeasure were

 

hen

  

wae evletde fron mere weariness of Life at fran
elame, We the clelliaw We have more than one
ease of it in Ming, nor done It aeemathat the
praction waa hy ang means
fo think, neecubliar t opt eriee

Montaiane plawe with the aubleet in hie nena
frahion, opening @ith a plows mubeniaaian te
the divine jud@ement which baa plawful ae the
luston, aw te hie went

 

reat He leaves tha oor
1) map ae
tive he aqve thet “oontempt of Ife le rdienlons
wince thie life te all wa haee and that to fly
te death for exertion from the evtla of at.

latence nat be folly. eines the pence which
We erek we aball not entoy

Of Voltaire one dose pot expert a vert attr
ite and artons judgment on the moral ques
fiom: but in “Credit b he makes one of the
haractore eay that “the lowe of life ia one
ef our most fatal inctinetions, inasmuch as

nething ean be more foolish than ve wieh tole
aivaves beving a burden which one wishes
always to enat off abborring existence and
cleaving to it cherlahing the serpent which
devours us til he has eaten out our heart

Ronaseau allows evicide only as An escape
from the tortures of incurable disease Other-
wise, he wave, it ta a robbery of the human
race, to which oll ite members owe a city.
He bids every one who is tempted t suicide,
say to himself, “Let me do one good action
before | die.’ He of course does not attempt
to show how society, when robbed of ite cill-
ven, is to punish the robber

Schopenhauer, if he were to be held to the
logical inference from bis theory might be anid
te have preached universal suicide as the means
of putting an end to the worst of all possible
worlds. Tut he managed to provide himself
witha philosophic exenuse for enduring what
appears to have heen a very comfortable life

Poe relicious question, as one between man
and hia Maker and one dependant on the im-
mortality of the soul, must be said to be in

| the eume state of doubt and suspense as other

teni- |

(Legg, |

hus. |

' course, has shown him.

hislife whena youth had shown that his tempera. |

choly abode saying that they would now gladiy |

who, eurlonely enough, is treated es a hero |

without @ reason: but he does not condemn |

eligious que-tions In this age of theological
perplesity and eoclesiastical cise lution
CoLDWIn SMITH,

 

GERMAN TRADE TACTICS.

A System That Makes Thetr Competition Hard
to Meet in South America.

The recent cable despatch from Tre Scn's
London correspondent in which the great
opportunity. for the extension of Amertean
trade was pointed ont attracted a great deal

f attention in the big downtown commercial

A man connected with the manage-
ment of one of the largest manufacturing
concerns in America was especially Interested
in the statement that England was, or soon
would be, lagging behind in the race for com-
mercial supremacy and that Germany was
our only dangerous competitor, The manager
of the concern’a London office was present
when Tur SUN's enable despatch was read
ind be as well as the others present agreed
that the suggestions to American manufact-
urera which it contained were well worthy
of serious attention

"Rut if we are to have a hot competition
with the Germans,” aaid the head of the New
York house “we must in many partieulars
do as the Germans do we muat imitate their
methods. The svstem on which they conduct
their commercial eampaigns ta wonderfnl.
When they decide to invade a territory it is
generally the reaniit of seriona conference of
a number of tha leading manufacturers, They
plan their line of attack asa General would plan
a batt'e. Thov bring all the'r own forces to
bear and back of them its the Government
aid--all conversing simultaneapsly to the ac-
complishment of a given ohiec

“Take, for instance, the South American
countries, What hapnens to our American
aalesman when he goes there to sell his goods?
Well, in the first place, if he knows his business
he don't go there, Rot suppose he does go.
Being a bright and active man he gets about
among the merchants and sella a number of
bile of goods. Then, of course, he looka about
virn fora bank to finance his orders, He comes
toa big, fine, solid oneand goesin, The banker
hears hia proposition, and while he ts stating
it the banking gentiernan—a German, for {t
is always a Cerman bank —-ie making a careful
serutiny of the orders which the salesman, of
After he has atudied

houses,

aa Morivale arma |

het in ble pleading for the ne@n- |

NANSEN’S ARCTIC WORK, | to

THe wreNTIFIC RRAviTA OF WIA BA
renitioy riniranen

Abundant Life in Sarth Pate Waters Panda
frifting Fram the Fact ta Winate Animate
Coming Fram the Weet Tropical Species
Found tn the Sarth Merde and Faves

The scientific reantta of Dt Nanaen'a Arcot
e@tpedition were oobliehed to London eorme
monthe awe fhe volume, ao leree qa
contelning five memoir, lan un peortant oon
trithition te our eeaet knowieda@e of the Aretio
fegione Prof belward BO Prince, the err

nent thologlet of Canada and Prominin tonm
Pieherios, baa joet. eritten an

niasioner of 4
of the volume whiell appears in

 

shle review
the Cttqwa Naturdaita, 8 following account
of ome of the most interesting reaulte of

Namen « researches ia condensed from Prof
Prince's article, These results prove the ac-

| ourcey of Lord Ldeter’a statement in the: Royal

| the seventy-ninth

them enough and mado mental memoranda |

of all they contain that he wants to know-—-why,
then
really the bank {8 #0 situated that It cannot
undertake to transact the business, And by
the time the salesroan has g@ot out of doors
&@ messenger is off to representatives of German
houses with full information alout the orders
—who gave them, their general tenor and ail
about them

“And all thia is hecanee when German man-
ufacturers atartin tosellg odsina country they
chip in to start a bank there also. The bank
and the salesmen eet there at the same time,

And just aa soon as the trade is a little astab- |

Nehed along comes the German Government
reserves in the shape of a subsidized German
steamship Hne to the port. What earthiy
chance have we got in the long rin competing
with 9 system like that? Ae the bove say,
we simply are notin it. Our salesnian may
uy another bank, and that probably will be
Eneii«h. If his orders are net conflicting with
Fnglish trade he may get accommodation,
but probably he won't

Su be sends his orders heme and the home
frm turns them down. There ia no security,
the time Is too long and ther don't know any-
thing about the purchasing firms It fs true
that in South America there is beginning to
be a change, for local native banks are starjing
uy andthe areonly too glad to finance orders
of an American or an: other foreign salesinan,
purel: as a matter of local pride and to con.
pete with the exotic banks all wound them.
Of course what we want is subsidized <teamship
lines Our freight rates now «re all made in
London and they ata what London chooses
to make them. When we get -teamshinp line

he is very eorry, very sorry indeed, but |

of our own and at the same time put some |

thing of the German avstem and concentration
of effort tuto our trade expansion then wa
may be able to compete on something Iike
equal terme Until we do that we are handi-
canned at ever turn

“and then there fs another thing. Our big
houses are managed often too arbitrarily by
presidents and vice-presidente who have
never veen anywhere themselves and oa
a natural
more than others connected with the
corm who have been everywhere and know
what ther know from the observation and study

consequence know a& @reat deal ,
cone |

of existing facts as they are and not from |

Sheaetaing and directors’ room debating so-
cleties ‘hey eay we Americans ore the mom
ad ptable neople in the world--that we are
react to take up anvihing that is new proe
vided there is a fiehting chance of ita being
good, Now that idea is just a part of our
conceit, We can sweep the whole national
checker board when it comes to concelt
reneral proposition that we go on te that we
Choe it all and (hat If semebhedy in a foreign

country wanta something different from what

| we tell him he warts it's because he's @ foal

commit enteide, |

Be- |

The morality of the question is perhaps | fore he is dead the Centurion breaks tn and
not very @isily settled, It would be easily | tries to stamch Nero's wound with his cloak,
settled if the term “seli-murder” were literally | pretending that he had come to help hin, |
correct, But a toan, it would seem, can no! Nero answers: “It is too late.” and “Ie this |
more commit murder oo himself than he can | your loyalty’" So saving, he expiles, “his
steal his own goods or forge las own signature, | eves," eays the writer, “protruding and be
Apperentiv, as against other men, he is master | eaming rigid, #0 as to atrike the Leholdere with

 

 

of his own life. Tf he has a wife and family | horror”

de; endent on tim, or will in any way injure FPuthanasia, or enicide to cut short the pains

others by his departure, self-destruction is | of death in the case of an incurable disensa,

Manitesily @ crime, Otherwise there is difl- | was «@ regular practice among the Romans
)

pete ha ay Mes =

and don't. know what he does want Talk
about us being adaptable! We are the most
iron-elad, pivy-headed people in the whole

world not baring the English themselves
"That's another thing we have got to correct

{f we are going to enter for a world competition

In trade-getting with Germany. A German

dealer will admit thet a purchaser sometimes
knows what he wanta: we, never! Not on
vour life! And {if the managers and agents

and aalesmen fall to convince the foreigner
that we are the onea who know what he wants,
why that proves to the president and the other
stationary machinery of the concern that that
salesman, that agent or that manager doesn't
now his business and that he is losing tine
trying to learn it”

FOWOND YATES SLANDERED.,

 

File Elterary Partnership With Mre. Hoey
Denled,

Toxpon, Nov 10-—Mr. Willfam Tinaley’s
“Random Recollections of a Publisher,” of
which an account appeared in Trr Sun of Oct,
of, has evoked several contradictions of the
passage referring to the alleged literary part-
nershin of the late Mr. Fdmuond Vates and
Mre. Cashel! Hoev Mr. Edmund Smedley
Yates hat written to the Weetm neter Goreite
pointing out that Mr. Tinsley's story fs entirely
uncorroborated and that he hinself was lenw
rant that his father had any such partnership,
He adda that he firmly believes that the slander
circulated by Mr. Tinsley is wholly false and

| denounces it as @ cowardly attack on adead
| man’® memory. The writer of the literary

notes In the Pall Mall Gazette also points ont
that (f Mra. Hoew was “ghost” for Mr. Yates,
aA great man’ peanle must have heen in the
know) including Charles Dickens if it was she
who wrote “Black Sheep.” The same writer
gives a wingular Instance of Mr. Tinsley recok
lecting himself into @ prominence to which he
had no claim.

The.

|} tropieas We

(ieomraphioal Boolety that “nothing is more
remarkable than the selentific element in |
Nanasen's expedition.”

When Nansen was inthis conntry three years |
ago he said he had accumulated auch a mass
of observations, physical, meteorological,
geological and biological that some yeara |
would be required to work them into treatises,
It would take Prof. Sara, his brother-in-law,
about three veare to etudy the erustacea alone. ,

Prof, Sars's memoir contains seme very
Unexpected Information, Thus we learn that
floating surface antmals of minute size are
abundant even in the most northerly polar
waters, though almost perpetually covered
by a layer of ice. Mr. Tyrrell has told ua that
there ore lakes in the northern berren greunds
sheeted over with thick ice at midsummer
yet abounding in whitefish: but the plenitude
of roinute crustaceans in the ley surtace waters |
of the Arctic is even more surprising, Moet
of them are Copepedsa, an order of almost
microscopic crustaceans, of which the commen
water mite, Cyclops, is a familiar ex-
ample. They form the staple food of young
fishes. The number of species’ in euch cold
seas is extraordinary and they often discolor
the sea surface by their multitude, Dr. Sars
says the largest catches by Nansen were not |
made at the surface but at a depth of 250 to |
800 yards, indicating that the ice makes the
lippermost strata too cold for even theee hardy
members of the crab and stirimip class

Dr. Nansen's net towing in the long lanes
of wator between the ridges of hummock tea
revealed rich pelagio life at apparently all
eeasons. British, German, Norse and Amert-
‘an investigators have found that typteal
surface animals constantly descend, many
apecies frequenting the basal waters twenty
to fifty fathoma deep but the midwater gone
of life described by Dr. Sara between the aur
face and the bottom Is a new fact of interest. |
Heretofore little life has been found in the
middie ocean depths Naturalists antici-
pated that ¢here might be a rich fauna on the
floor of the artic seas. The reverse appesra
to be the case ‘The deep sea soundings gave
every indication of a scanty abysemal fauna
Only one bottle in Dr. Nansen’s collection
contained true bottom-liv! .¢ animals

The most considerable veptius, 1,900 to 1,900
fathoms, were found north of 79 degrees north
latitude Near the Siberinn coast and up to
parallel the water rarely
exceeds ninety fathoms, but a little south of
the latitude named the shallows began to dis-
ar, deeper soundings were recorded and

freeh

 

  

app

the depth increased with amazing suddeness,
thus overthrowing altogetier the precon-
ceived conception of a north polar @ea. In

deed the great depths appear to be a continn-
ation of the North Atlantic channe! which ex-
tends between Spitzbergen and Greenland,

One peculiar ehrimplike creature, an ame
phipod, was found clinging to the sounding
line when hauled up from @ depth of 1,19
fathoms, Its eyes were vere ridimentarye=
indeed it was almost b'! t+ afforded
every evidence that in (ts ey .-n.al habitat
no light straved down from the surface of the

 

|
waters, The deep--ea fauna mar, however, |
he more varied than Nansen’s fragmentary |
investi@ation appeare to indicate Perhaps |

the most remarkable facta to the minds of
naturaliets have been the discovery in polar
Waters of copepods, which are identical with,
or closely lied to, species hitherto found in
ters and in some Cases not hearer
than 12,000 miles
Contrary to all
experience in the extreme north, the tem-
perature was found by Nansen to rise as tla
thermometer descends in the water to erenter |
depths, thus showing that the warmer cure |
Tents permneate gid influence the conditions |
which prevail inthe very heart of the ice world
Nansen, explains thia deeper warmer current |
as the last remnants of the Gulf Stream spend- |
ing ttaelf in these frigid zones
Thus he argnes that an abundant floating |
fauna has been introduced from the west,
while the food supplies to support this vast
marine population come from the east. “1
think the Siberian current is of reat unpor-
tance,” savs Dr Sars, “in conveying & constant
supply of nourishment to the pelagic animals
of the north polar basin This nouristiment
consists of microsanpyc alew, chiefly diatome
which are found to abound in the superficial
polw water of the Siberian Sea, though erad-
nally diminishing in. quantity westward, |
apparently owing to their being largely fed |
upon by various pelagic animals ln i
without such a constant conveyance of nourish- |
ing matter there could be no such rich antinal
lite in the polar sea " |
‘The dark hands and discolorations exiithited |
|

 

previons

  

     

by ice in northern waters are mainiy due to !
these lowly planta (diatoma). Though mingled
at tines with mineral dust, probably voleanic,
the ochre, brownish-red or dull green tints
seen on the sides and margins of large bergs,

floes and even pan ice are found to be due to
these vegetable organixms Dr. Wakehain
when In Hudson Strait reported on July 14,
1897 “A great deal of the ice we have seen to

day ta discolored and solled in some of it we
noticed sand and wravel. The most of ft, how-
ever, is covered with an alga similar to that we
have seen or the ice through the Strait.”

Prof Cleve on hia firat examination of Dr
Nansen's inaterial distinguished sixteen species
of these plant forma, all of which are identical
with Kellwan's «pecimens from Behring Strait
and twelye are unknown elsewhere Cleve
was atrink by the fact that two creas so far
separated should be the habitat of the same
organisms But a@till more remarkable facts
were discovered. Nansen found a minute
erustacea, a species of Hemicalanus, in the
centre of the polar basin ALL previous records
of this genus are either from the Mediterranean
or the Topleal zones of the Atlantic and Pa-
wlfic None is recorded in British or Norse
keaa, or in the Atlantic watere of Europe A
precisely sintlar find was» that of two species
of oncea, which Dr. Sars to his astonishment
found to he identical with species quite recen' ly
captured by Dr Glesbrecht inthe Bay of Naples
and descrifed in one of his last papers wo

olar epecios of amphipods brought back hy
Nansen are closely allied to form« vliar to
the Caspian Sea Tt is hordly possible to cone
ceive of a more erraue occurrence of creatures
practically identical, and the most reasonalle
explanation is that already provided by the

eologiate’ supposition, usually accepted, viz,
fi furmer contiguity of the Caspian and (he
Polar seas. Either the species, practically
identical, have originated indenendently in
widely senarated locglities, or they have hee
carried frorn one centre to remote and isolate
areas and have left us representatives in the
intervening waters .

Dr. Nansen and Dr. Collett write of the birds
observed during the expedition. Between *1
and 88 degrees North latitude there te an
abundance of bird life. Oddly enough roung
birds seem to prevail in this inhoapitable region,
Vast numbers of certain species were noticed,
including the little auk, the ringed plover, the
iverr eat) and one specimen of Sabine's ell,

  
 

| On May 1%, 1894, when the Fram was moving
| toward the most northerly point in her drift

through the ice, a gull was noticed, and others
were seen occasionally until Aug. 28, but after
the lanex between the hursmocks and thechan- |
nels around the shi: began to freeze, about the
end of Angust, no more birds were seen for over
eight months. Readers of “Farthest North”
will remember Nangen's reference to the bean-
tif) and rare Ros='a gull, or the roseate gull,
and for the first tine a fully detailed description
of the anectes fe now published with erq ifeitely
tinted tlustrative plates, In the waters around
Hirtentand, four glafer-capped islands in 9
degrees % minutes, North ‘atitude and 63 d.-
grees Enat lonvitide, mumbers of thit scarce
and weird bird anpeared, Its beautiful rose. |
colored breast, wedwe shaved tail, and airy |
flight. make it, a Nansen tells ua, “the most |
hea itifuy of all U.e animal forms of the frozen
ons
oxes were fund by Nansen and Johansen |
further north than anv other air hreg thing ani= |
mals. This was in 84 degrees north latitud on
Apri] 25, 1895, very little south of theirmostnorthe |
erly point. Theirastonishment may belmagined
when they observed the footprints of tro
foxes, These foxes probably subsiet on «mill
emstaces, whieh ther must dip out the «hal-
low waterv lanes hetween the rugaed ioe ridges. |
j
!

They shot a lare bearded seal at &2 deer os
forth latitude anr @ little further south killed
three polar bears Lappear as though animal
life (se far as quadrupeds and birds sre con. |
cerned! wholly geases in the extreme North,
nd over the vay ice fields no moving thing
ivi ort ar waters, on the other
{t may be affirmed that they everywhere

i army la proceeding ag fast as magazine rifies

| and

hvdrogtraphieal |
| Internal

; etflhe

| under Risetan infirence. M. Petrawant [8 NOW | eves o Menger and Threegh an Opentag 81 br

| 14.0% ten veares ago

P aupply

fetrerinid be pevirnnte esamples of antenal of anne
ane of whieh haee heen hitherta pte
nounced bw naturaiiete fe be Mediterfancan

tatarlal aparectoe

oF Aven any

 

 
 

t sorarent (haf warm and eald  ourrente |
eat ied modife eubanariog life oe ta com
plioate ete the the protlanewe with whieh |
the ’ Lae lent ‘ the tate Uv
‘ ' ‘ wo tented ' oar hell
have wr found ae for uth t) broeiter
' ' i t it the @lacial temperature
weiet tre heneath the wares @ithout making’

if ‘ the terrestrial chinate ‘
ve ‘ rel Crop heap eqacete 1 Arctic water
! ' “ 1 ' @roteta tie
Cur er that the batter « qcecugte of the te
her re vf * deep een and ita effect tpen
nhimnarhe wile the fenced to modife ee low

th the ee lined facte otherwlee dificult

' pret, eopectaile the evidences of elacial

! noi per when eneh eonditions
were fot regarded evisting 1am quite |
red.” wrote Sir Willam, “to aceept the |
noliston thet glretal hede may have beer

we |

in-any latitude and at any @eclowical |

OV THE FRONTIERS OF INDIA.

Measures to Weert the Effects of Renewed Ree
sian Activity im Asin.

The Rritish Indian Government, after some |
deliberation, has decided to meet the new con. |
ditions that are arising all along the frontiers
pf India by an increased expenditure for mill-
fary purposes, principally in artillery, on
Which, it is authoritatvels «tated, $10,000,000 will
he apent The rearmament of the native

arrive from Enwland, the new weapona being |
issued to the British troope, whose old rifies,
after careful eximination, are transferred to
the native regiments The expense of the new
armaments will not, it {# said, add to the Indian
budget, but will be met with the money saved
by the actlon of the [Imperial Government in

| paving the cost of the troops taken from In- !

dia for servica in South Africa and China
Por some tine past the condition of things
on the northwest frontier of India has been
reported to he unsatisfactory, raida by the |
tribesmen on the frontier outposts becoming
increasingly frejuent, with loss of life and
looting of magazines and guardhouses for guns
and ammunition. The latest raids have de-
termined the Indlan Government to institute
a blockade of the territory inhabited by the
offending tribesmen in order to cout their
flocks of from their grazing lands. Should
this not produce the desired result sterner
measures will be adopted, and a punitive ex-
pedition similar to that sent into the Tirah |

| eountry three vears ago will be despatched
| to ons

upy the country
The Amir of Afghanistan, {n order to guard
the neutrality of his territory, has sent one of
hia ( enerals, Mohammed Ali Khan, to select
a suitable site for a cantonment on the frontier |
to watch the operations. He Is also said to |
to have cated a new book in Persian on the
subject of "The Preaching Laws of Islam,"
to be issued from the Kabul Press, and copies |
to be distributed among the preaching staff |
|
|

of mullahs. A portion of the work is devoted
to political affairs and
with

Meanwhile oc

the Amira relations
Russia and the British Government
urrences have taken place tn
Thib t, arising out of the Chinese complicae |
tions, that have caused the Indian Government |
to hasten the repairs to the Darieeling rallway,
which was so badly damaged by earthquake |
floods, with the intention of prolo ge |
ing it into Sikkim toward the Thibetan frontier, |
Movements are reported from Thibet which |

are regarded as hostile to British interests
in Asia, and an envoy haa been sent ty the
Dalai Lama from Lhaspa to Russia, with the

obieact. so fast

ing Rossiang

Conpar tively easy eommuntcetion now |
exists between Liassa and Kashear in ¢hi-
rere Turkestan, where the Kussion Governe

ted |

‘feotion,

St. Petersbure, of seeke

 

 

 

 

ment hat an important diplomatic agency |
presided over bv M. Petrovski from the Fore
eign (Mice at St. Petersburg, with the renk
of Consul-General and an escort of elwhty Cos.
sacks commanded by two offers, He keepa
un eonsiderahble state and diet ences rnonev
free which ts in contrest with the British
avert. whose establishment is humble end
etpencditure limited, Ka-'rar te connerted
bv telegraph with St. Petersburg through
Vrorotsi, a Chinese military station In nerth-
weetern Mongolia: end there ts an all-the-vear.
re {4 nostal service between Koshear and
fish in Fer@hana, and Port Nartn, a Ruestan

oatmostin Hussian Turkeeran, All eommuntl-
eations hetween the British Covernment nrd

  

ite agent have to pasa through the Puesian
Post OMce and telegrarh:, exrcert when oan
secasional explorer comer up from India
throng! ror someother route

trees mnev fe gradually avcerting
free lf commerclally, finanelally and politiernt:
Fossinn troders are firessing eonth bv the
eates en rontea Into Weatern Thihet drtetre

tthe Enelich eoods that et ere time filed

The Rican. VMrese Ranking Come
rece tiv established ai branch at
Fochear to facil tate tenda, and the C)lrece
Tootal takes po ly tant stem even in the
adratetstration of ble province with.
carentting the Preefon representative
A few Hind) tredere and monew lencere pre.
Le found in Keehgar, but ther bueiness |
la ratte lanvine ther

Tn order to being Fashgar more eomrietele

hovanrsa
nanwe has

 

ont fleet

 

working to have the Ruslan cuetom hover

an the Crantias at Trtichkam removed to Kaeh-

    

|
rar ty? tata TPoesian trade onerations and |
't helleved he wonld encomad An Free |
Vah w r eammentingan thle mova obcervee |
that {t wne frat In thie wae that Rabhara wre |
arodvuolly ahenarhad Tretiv. in the avert of
tranhlea calling for the dlenlay af military

farce, Roecin haanireads large bodies of treore
withtn aloht dave march of Washear Tha

 

i Reitleh Government fe endeavoring ta etabtich |

|
aA counternolca ta thla prarcndernncan’ Preetn |
he aneourneine the eonetrretion of elects |
teotlar Meee in Knelhmte hoe the nrnahabitiey |

thathetora they ean heofanr strategte untve,
tha Prestan ovtnnete will have heen netohiiehad |
on tha watarched hetween the Rritlheh and
naminotle Chinese tearritare Ae tr the ente
come of the Thibeton miseton ta Prueaia nothing
fo ret known hot ite having boan eent fe evpene
tomatic of the nest nrevalling all over Asia |
at the present moment

\
|
!
|
VFERWONT'S GROWTH.
'

 

An Increnee in Ponniation Shown by the Cen-
aus This Year.

Re the Pederal canana of 1970 the total papn-
lation of Vermont wae 720.551 Retwaen 1879
and 1889 thera waen vast increase of American
mamifaeturing Intereste and a nroportion-
ately large addition to the population of #ve
of the aly New England Stetea Vermont being
the arcention, Retween 188 and 1899 alan, |
the Now England States gatned largely itn |
population, exeeant Vermont. which showed
an almost insignifieant gein. the flenrea for
the two vears being as follows: 1980, 999.294:
18, 299.422 «Tn ten veare the population <*|
Vermont tnereased lesa than 20 |

|

The explanation of this lack of growth tn to
he found In the fact that many of the farming
disteiots of Vermont have lange since cenced
to be proftahle for faring
many abandoned farm
parta ef the State er terotion either to the
Weat r New Vork Toto Vermont. a State
nat ontle of steady habits bot alas of rigors
Jaws strictiv enforeed there baa been little |
forale@n fomivration the total number of
German-American: inhabitants, for inetance
being, be the cenens of ten vears ago oaniv |
877, A eveller mimber than In any other Stote
and aboot helf the number In neighboring
New Hav rehire

Tt has been generally exnected he mane ner. |
fone nnfariliar with eonditions In the Grean
Mountain State, that. continued operation of |
eases whieh have left the populaton of the |

Thera have heen
Ionts and in some

  

 
 
  

Btate almost atationare for twenty-five veare
would vent any ineranse in this carta can. |
ss Contrary to expectations the eensus

shawe distinet ening The total ponulation of |
the Grate fe enen to he 4 Aal, A rain of 11.009
compared with 1k and tease, and of 28,000 enn.
pared with 189 The three counties which

j ehow the larenat wain are Washinetan, which

includes the eanttal cite of Montnetler, Grand |
Island, which fs made un of islands in Tale |
Chamnlain, and Chittenden, which inelndes
Rurlineton with a population of 18.999 aeninet
Rutland, the aaeand ottv
of the Stute showea decrease = Tt haa 270 fewer
Inhabitants than it had ten vears ago, noteith-
standing its prominence as the celts having the
lureeet marble cuarries in New Enelind
Weshtoeten county has gained % ner cant in
nonoletion tn ten wears, Grand Island 1@ and
Chittenden 12

The onty county whieh has fallen off ja Fecor
fin what fs known as the poevet, the extreme
northwestern coographicn! diviaton af Varmont

ving ms its aveteen and southern houndaries
the State of New Hamonshire and as ite northern
boundary the Canada border This eountr |
has fallen behind, less through emieration to |
other Statea than to other parte of Vermont

   

 

 

Great Supply of Wild Ducks tin Wiscoasin. |

Mirwarker, Wis, Now. 18 In no other |
State in the Union outside of Marylard is the
of canvas back ducks as plentiful as
ites in Wisconsin this fall, and partientarly is
this true of Lake Koshkonong and Puckaway

Lake, where the supply of wild celery a ive
offers the birds th : y and

offers te anes ov ly ds
n this country. wit 1@ exception Chesa- |
peake Bay. j

    

show

TOLN AY THE OL CIRCULAR MAN

The Creat Giant ine Sorel Camtest Win «|

taecal Champion

“hea Tt hawe told
eirews man, “the ated
all the alow, @ 14 forewe

vou before
nen, the @efanl f
of thre tro ser

ever we @went, for a chances to enter r winnie
the greatest of all qianta, in aame er! eon
petitiea eehibition, te o@hieh the atupendene
Proportions and the enormowe Cate ea of
thie truly coloseal apecionen of the a ahonw
would he emphasised by conmtraetiog bonoun

some manner with men of ordinary atiture

“That it kept the old man buay Noting things
for the @mant to do, beeauae #e didnt like to
repeat too much We discovered new things
all the time, if we eould: and, when we could
things that were for some
peculiarly of local interest
old man always read with the ereates
the local newapapersof the towne to which the

other
the
eare

feiaon of
Of counreea

show was coming He got ne end of ‘inte
from them, and one day he save to sae cy the
office of a hotel where we were «iting. hand-

ing tne over aA newananer as he enoke

*'Cephas, what de you think of that?

“What he called my attention to in this paper
waar challenge to a ple-aating contest issued
by a local champion named 8. Plutareh von
Hoozington, which TF thought then, and I've

- alware thonght since, was one of the oddest
, names I ever came across

Thia pleased the
Was something new and
different and unusual, a thing in whieh our
man would shine all the more and while it
was a challenge to all comers there was in it
a particular defl to the nie eaters of some two

old man ereativ: it

anid the ad

#ieKeStion

or three neighboring eounties, who would be |

sure to come with erowda of friends to spread
the fame of the giant and incidentally of the
So the old man went around right away
and saw Mr von Boozington, entered his un-

| known and put up the money for him for the

conteat, which was to be a sweepstakes, tla
match to come off on the following day, the
day of the circus

“Ten o'clock in the morning was the hour
set. and I suppose we might safely say that none
of the contestants had eaten breakfast that
day; they would brevk their fasten pie. There
were five of them there, aliogether, when we
eame up: the local champton, Von Boozington,
three men fro: other places, and one other

man besides Von Boozington from the local
town They were to eat from a lone wooden
table tike a sort of a picnic table, that they'd
ot get upinan open lot right next to the ercus
fit ‘They had ples stacked up in six piles
for the six contestants, and the five were all
there, with the starter, scorers, and time-
keeper and judge, and everything all ready,
waiting only for the unknown entry from the
circus, but they didn't have to wait long for
him Theold man brought him over on time
to the minute
“You miaht have thought that when the
others saw what sort of man the unknown was
they'd all have ekipped, but they didn't, only
one man gave up, that was the other local
man: but Von Roozington and the three visitors
stayed in Some of them, perliaps, because
they liked to be seen in grand company, some
hecause they thought to themselves that the
battle was not alwaye to the strong, nor the
race to the swift-—there was always no chance
to win. Plutarch, certainly, grho turned out
to be a very nice sort of a chap, and an able
man too, in anite of his odd name, figured these
chances out, and really saw a possibility of
Winning as against the giant) You see the
viant had a much longer distance to reach for
fis ples, down to the table all the contestants
ate standing and then a much longer distance
to carry them up to his mouth, than the others
had, all this taking time Not much, to be
sure, but some, and ne end_of thines might
happen besides. So Von Boozington went
in with an actual hope to win
“But_my sakes! there never was a minute
when Von Booz or any of the rest of them had
the remotes: sert of a chance to win The
jant made no mistake, and he did not forget.
fe was a polite man, the giant, and he let the
others, all four of them, get ahead of him at
first. Thev had one feature in this match
that [ never saw in a pie-eating match before
or since, Not ona in, ten of the people that
wanted to see it could wet near enorgh to sea
it actually So they bad a sort of an an-
nouncer, who called off at short intervals the
number of minutes elapsed, and the number of
pies eaten so far by each contestant. And at
a short time afver the match opened the local
champion Von Boogington was well ahead,
with the giant nexi, and the others scattering
At the next call the giant had closed up some,
but Von Booz was still the leader, and the
people cheered wildiy: but gracious me! Why,
the iis nt could eat, rou know, more pies than
all of them put together, and this vou under-
stand without any hurrying, or anything of
that aort, but Just in his common reeular or-
derly method of eating. The next call in fact
showed him pies ahead, and he won ina nibble
“Then the old man did what he alwaya did
in a case of this kind, he returned the stakes;
betting on the giant in anvthing like this was
betting ona sure thing, and the old man didn't
beleve in that, and besides hed get out of the
free ad. that the match eave us a good deal
more than the stakes amounted to So he
Just invites all four of the ex-champions to
eome and sit together in a body at the show,
and he starts himself for our next show town,
to think up something new”

GREAT JUMPING BY A BULE.

 

 

80 Inches in Size.

From the Richmond Timea
A most remarkable story, the truth of which
{a vouched for by Mator BR. Selden, the well-

| known street car man, and several of hia em-

plosees, concerning two full-crown mules
umping through a small window in the old
hore ear stables in Manchester, has just come
toligut. Thestory as related he Major Selden,
and «worn to by several of the most reliable
men in his employ, ts as follows

The. blacksmith. Henry Dendridge (who has
since died) was requ red to wo tothestablos daily
to examine and replace all shoes that had he
come loose or been lost while the miles wera
at work On the occasion referred to alove
he had purchased a new sheepskin arron, whieh
the mules had never seen, and when Dandridga
went into the stall without tarning, one of ther
“Bet,” became alarmed al the ight of the leather
and leaped through the open window tu the
ground outside

Major Selden says he came in ahout this
time, and pon learning the couse of the ex-
cltement, ordered the man to @o Dack into
the stall, and when he siarted the niule reared
up ond war about (o repeat the performance
He feared the mule might ol be so fortunate
in the second Jump and teld the man to come
ont of the stall

The “Maggie” mule, save Maior Felden
fumped through a window the came size on
the opposite side of the st.hle and as far as
he could discover, non close
neithet of them received the silvhtest scratch
Hie save tracks were plainly visible on the oute
aide wiere the “Bet” tonle landed ard made an

| effort to turn and again fece the window, she

uatng atill halterod to a acantiing on the inside
The haller chain, four feet lone, was ottached
to a beam four ard o half feet above the floor
an which the mule stnod

Window opening, | foot ® inchee hw 2 feet
finches, Trough, 2 feet wide. Top of trough
to toor, 2 feet it inches Frem hottem of
window sill to ground onteide, 4 feet 7 in. hes

Maior Selden save “Bet’ wae selected from
forty-ceo mules owned by the Richmerd and
Manchester Kalwoyv Company on account of
her size, asa regular tug, to drew eare up the
Will from Nieth and Cary te Ninth and Main
streets, and would weigh ab out 00 pounds

 

TIPSY MAINE FISH.

 

Salmon That Skylark After Drinking Contra-
band Beer to Excens.

Avavata, Me, Nov. 34.—An unusual charan
teristic of the anlmon, as well as the insienifi-
cant sucker, taken from Maine rivers, ia the
aidermanic abdomen
beer drinking habit of the Mah = It is euetom-
ary to epill all the beer seized in Maine cities
mto mewers which empty into the river

ing a poor living in concert and choir singing

i them and then

|

esamination, |

|

This is caused by the |

Some. |
| times one hundred barrels are spilied in a dav

Since the days of the firet beer seizures in |

Auburn and Lewiston, fish have coliected in
achools around the Auburn claybank on cer-
tain daya to drink beer For twenty-four
hours after @ epilling white bellies are econ
turning up on the river bottom The people
on Waternatch go out and catch dovene in a
day with thelr hande Occasionally a kee
of beer doctored with knocteout drops is epilied
After the firet electe af the drow howe heen
slept off the ealmon become wild Thew «kr.
lark in the water, leap into the air and turn
double s imersaults and pin wheels before
striking water

A few vears aco It wae customary to epill

whiskey and hard stuff into the sewers and
rivers ish became used to intoxieation
then. They enjoved ft Reing alware in

cool water, and posscanine little or no brain
no headaches followed their libationa When
the law was passed obliving the Sheriff to
send the hard liquors away to be redistilled
the fish hung about the customary aniliing
places for weeks, frantic at the enforced ab-
stinence. They refused to he entisfled with
heer at first, but gradually they have adopted
the heer standard Tt is the fisherman with
“hard bait” in a bottle that gets the bicwest
fish, alwave for he dips his fv into hie hard
hait before he oasts it. The fish amell the

rare luxury ard with the usin! drupkerd's

jeesbesa, swallow and are

. to comie opera aucceas A
'aune@ in operetta

TL TE DLL LLL LE LLL LLL ALAA. A LECT

COMIC OPERA'S TROUBLE,

enrir neues

i

oon
wor

teriere
vive

whe

Wen and Wamen TU Velcee and ten Mak

Ambitiqg te fake tetanic Opera Ope
fantities Segierted in Sew Vor Singers
Whe Walt feo Lona for an Opening
The otoge nage + Wie at @ back 4
the «hadeey auditetin hed from tee
oheir ond ran toward t owe tan ward
from him the leader of the orchestra atopped
the ¢ doione and tt coune Wornan thue aud
der t pled in the course of her aong
atared june at the «tage manager
What voudoing™” he asked
What am | deity she repented with wer.
afiot What do cou suppose | am doing «
washing and ironing?
“Just eat that out, please, Mise Smith,” re.

sponded the stave inanager with an epparentd
effort to control hia temper, “you know what lt
mean

“Well, Lam singing ‘Just a Little Bit of Aue
dactty, “she replied, as ele saw that theaitue
ation detianded « selution, “and Lam trying \@
sig itas wellbas bean

Well, please dont sing 1," was the dectded
trom the oo in charge “Just
talkoit Then we noe poesibiy be able to hear
the wort. he added, with the saroasin posalbie
only ton tyrannical stage manager

The leader of the orchestra started hie men
avain and the young woman finished her song
without attempting to do more than declatiu
it rhythinieally to the accompaniment of the
Wher «he lad finished, a voree frou
the dark auditorium called out “Very muca
better,” and the performance went on, The
irom the stage manager wis
tormalrather han eordial, Ashe sat watehing
the well-irained chorus go through its evoliue
tions, Which were gecurate enous to permit
him to turn his thoughts to other matters le
spoke to the man next to lim,

“iUe astonishing,” he said, “to find the numne-
ber of voiceless women on the stage to-day in
parte that ready require singing lo make then
elecuve. Now the little woman that jit
finished her song has not voice enough under
ordinary circumstances to be beard hall way
back ju the auditorium, When ehe tries to
sing it is even jess audible and as most of the
merit in (he songs she sings Is dependent on 4
clear delivery of the words it {4 nearly impos-
sible to do anything with her, But there are
no others in her line of business who could do
any better, They are all without voices [
could name Ave women who stand at the top
of their profession in musical farce and ope-
retta that have scarcely a tone to their name,
Some of them are able to speak so clearly and
distinctly that in the song dependent on the
words they can create the impression necessary.
Bu? they are all equally without voval ability
and that is the hardest defect for then to overs
come, I remember it used to be a source of
great amusement several years ago to hear
Jetty Lind’s efforts at vocalization. Almost
all the women conspicuous to-day here in musi-
cal farce have just as little voice es she and It
very frequently happens that women in the
chorus are able to sing very muoh better, But
it seems out of the question to find women who
are able to combine with the other qualities
necessary for this business an adequate sing-
ing voice.”

It was suggested that the number of women
with good voices trying to get on the operatioa
stage to-day was large enough to supply re
cruits to come opera.

“It {a perfectly trie that there is no lack of
true voices in this country,” the stage man-
ager said, “and | believe, indeed, that they ara
nore numerous here than anywhere else in
the world. But none of these wenen are ever
willing to start with comic opera They ara
allambitiousandif they areunableto go abroad
to study at first they will ting in churches er
choruses until they raise the money; but they
are never willing to make the stert tn con lo
op ra because they believe that will prevent their
ever advancing beyond this stawe of their pro-
feasion, Probably they are right about this,
and it would be evsier to sympathize with them
if in nine cases out of ten they were not con
velled after they had tried for four or five vears
o succeed in more ambitious work, to seek
employment in comie opera. At wm day's neo-
tice L could get in New York without the least
trouble at least twenty women with really ex-
cellent volees and sufficient vooal training to
carry them through very creditably and make
them more succestful than nine women out
of ten who sing In comic onera to-day but
thev all all prefer to continue their present
work. They would rather sing in concert
with the hope of getting fees of #40 ones, tertee
or three times during the week in a season that
laste from November to May, than @o re@u-

rly into commie opera,
al ne of them who have been abroad have
had a brief operatic experience there and find,
of course, when they come back to New York,
that there is room herein grand opera for only
the greatest artiste in the world. Sometimes
they are willing to take church employment
with a small salary, for the number of prizes
in New York church choirs is very much smaller
than Is commonly supposed. They are not
willing to undertake anything In comic opera.
Only a short time ago an American woman
whose experience was typleal of many others,
loft the atage altogether and declared Chat she
would not sing again whatever her necessitied
might be. She appeared in England with the
Carl Roga Company seven or eight years ago,
when it was at the helant of ite euneen,
andafter ap) earing in gra opera for severa
seasons came hack to thts country. There
was no grand opera of that kind here so she
went into operetta and after that went out of
atyle found that the English musical faroes
were her only fleld. She tried one or two of
gave up altowether, Fortu-
nately, she had means enough to live on and
was not compelled to continue work #6 Un-
congenial to her. Many other women with
voices and some artistic training feel just aq
she did and Would rather take chances makina

ecormmendation

 

than #tart on a comie opera career which is
not likely to last very long, although it is more
remunerative while ft continues than the more
dignified class of work they are all anxious
to undertake.”

One ol his hearers asked why it was that eo
few men with good voices ever went on the
comle opera stage while there are evidently
fo many of them to be found tn other kin
of musical employment

ls the same with the men,” he explained,
“and it. is astonishing to see the persistence
with which voung fellows with good, well-
trained voices will refuse to take comic opera
engagements, while living very meagerly on
the oceasional concert appearances. they
are able to get. Guod-lonking young fellows
who are able to sine well and weer their smart
clothes properly are more in demand now than
they ever were before. They are necessary
to the atyle of musical entertainment most
popular to-day, but they are os scarce as hen's
teeth. A voung fellow with these qualities
could enally find employment during the
regular theatrical season at a salary ranging
from $100 to 8150 a week = But none of then
thinks it consistent with lis dienity to posses
such engagements. They want to sing In
oratorio or concert and some day expect to
beable to get inte opera So they wait around
for musical agenta to find engagements for
them Nowadays when the monager sete
out to prodnce a musical farce he wanta for
hix leading sentimental role a good tenor or
buritone who is young and preppnemne if
possible, who can sing and act with a fair de-
cree of intelligence. ‘This is the sort of man
he wants, but he must usually be eatisfed with
something quite diTerent Generaliv he muss
take his choice of some one of these qualities:
if he geta the volee he pout go without the
looks, or vice versa. The men who might
make a good living ont of this form of thete
art are just as cov as the women about accepte
ing engagements beneath thelr dignity

“After a while when toey havo tried concerts
and found that they ware not ‘vere profit.
tried opera abroad and then come back to
for sen ine of the «ame kind in this coune
try, their thoughts ultitnately turn toward come
opera Then it ix rather difleult for them ta
acquire the akill in acting that is necessary
woman who st

 

 
      

will find that experience o

j immense value when she becomes a eran

opera singer Ru experience in grand onera
is practionlly of no value whatever to a singer
Ketting Of to soecead in the lichter Seld Sa
when these ipen and women, offer wasting the
vearts when they could Lave nade most money

‘incomicopera, decide to enterteec eretta feld,

  
   
   

thes never learn the tric KS roost ne casare
te suceess there So wea ompelled to get
aAlove WIth voiceless who oon net ana
speak their lines intelli tlv, or e-e to have
the ceensional asustince of a worn with a
voice and very little idea of acting With the

men we take youce or looks and ere rarely able
to get both of these combined with a littl bit
of acting ability on the side ]t is too bad
that toese foolish young peowe had rather at
sround musical agencies waiting on. thetr
agents for etiployment than come into comte
opera, learn the business and mike money,
Vout that is their own preference and they probe
ibiv cet sullleien! sot-faetion aut of it to come
pensate for any financial lose!

Aa to Lots, Plots or Farms,
Readers of Ture SUN always know when @
good thing Is presented. Let them know what
you have to offer by using the advertiddes
eelumas.—A ds.