a

  

wounded, had heen too much for the soldier

A MODERN BULLET WOUND,

RAWARRARIR CASE or AN ENGLIAN
ARMY SUROFON

Was Shot Throwgh the Abdomen and Wee Lett
tnattended After @ Night of Agony Me

mans water bottie In a few minutes hi
agony (an increased threefold, and he toaeed
rolling aud wretohing to and fro among (h:
forke |i) a few minutes he wae al nt and
the doctor knew ‘hat relief had come to hiro
Was Able to Walk in Search of Help The pode de Gougemont was @rowing weaker
Wound Would Have Neen Mortal Formerty, oie. Greqdiul thiret waa on him, too Mis
1’ cou look In a report made by Fngland’e | wat ro bottie was by hia alde, doepite the mur
qrentest mirgeon you will find, under “Case | gaon'a remonstrances, he took a@ drink
No 10." @ conciae and detailed account Of &  seemadat frat to help him, for his mind cansed
bullet wound = The eourse of the ball (9 raced) wandering, andthen but why goon? barip
with ecfantifie accuracy and eractnena We | tn the morning his moaning ceased
4 how the meretful Httle penetl shaped, | Dalton waa stiff from lying In the same pot

ra’
; nila steel Mauser bullet passed through tion. It waahittercold and hia flesh quivered
aia te af “Cane No 10,” but who *Case No He falt the thirat, too, but his will power was
teand under what elrournatances ha received | trong, and strange to aay the overpowering |
the wound that fs no part of a wuirgeon’s | weakness was leaving him and his brain was
rer and so It does not appear In the old” clear to think His thoughts were not pleas

ant. He remembered the great bitda whos’
shadows he knew would be sweeping over the
ground the next morning. He knew that the
army had gone hack, and he reckoned gloomlly
the chance of being found. He knew it was
not one in a thousand.

The min rose and carefully he raised himself
and looked about; he was the only one alive
Slowly, inch by inch, he raised himself, until
to his wonder and amazement he found that
he could stand. He took a step, holding him-
self as straight as possible He took another
He found that he could walk, It took him half
an hour to go 200 yards to the bottom of the
hill where the ground was more level, and there
he foundapath. He began to have the interest
of the surgeon in studying his own case. How
far would he be able to go before the deadly
pang would esetze him? Steadying himself
before each movement, he went on. He saw
no living thing. There were afew bodies here
and there where the troopers had advanced.
The sun rose higher and higher and soon the
sweeping shadows appeared He did not turn
his head to look to right of left, nor did he dare

dave when the tearing, ahattering leaden bul-
lera did hele fearful work, Case No 10 wouldn't
have been @ surgeon's cane, he would have
been in the obituary Ilat Ag It fs, thanks
to the cleanly perforating bullet which cau-
terizes [te own wound, he ls now alive and
well, though shot In what used to be regarded
as a vital spot This ia the actual story of
bow Case No 10 happened

It was at the second battle of the Tugela,
Jan 23. Dalton, R A M C. (which means
Royal Army Medical Corps), had been called
off to attend to a wounded officer iving on
the flank of the army, the main body of which
was already falling back acrose the death-
plain over which it had endeavored to ad-
wance against the hidden riflemen who lay
among the rocks

It was quite late in the afternoon when he
reached the spot, and on the way the attendant
gtretoher bearers had picked up a badlywounded
man. In aocorner among the rocks the surgeon
found the wounded officer, Capt. de Rougemont
Near by him lay another wounded man, and
so Capt. Dalton found himself in charge ofa
little dressing station all his own, He knew to rest. Soon, down tn a hollow, he saw a mov~-
de Rougemont well, and as he bent over him ing figure. It was a Kaffir working about @
he saw that his friend was badly wounded, | little lonely hut He raised his voice. The
ehot through the abdomen. The other man man aaw him, but {nstead of coming to him,
lying near had a wound of the same character, | the black made off. Again he called. He was
while the third man, who had been carried afraid to raise his arm to beckon, for the
along in the stretcher, was shot, if I remember | Movement might mean death. The Kaffir
in two places, through the head and lungs turnedandapproachedhim. Hecircled nearer

The Captain bent over his stricken friend | He behaved for all the world like one who
|

He saw that the ball had gone straight through stalked an enemy. The Captain all the time
bim; ret he felt sure that with great care his stoodailent. At last the man came near enough
life might be saved. But the ambulances were for the Captain to talk to him, and then he saw
from four to five miles away, and |t would be the reason for the white man’s strange be-
almost impoasible to drive one over the rocky, havior. o

uneven ground. A glance at the other man “Troops, baas? .

showed that his case was a severe ore alao “Yes, where are they?

Three casualties, all in the category of the dan- The Kaffir pointed .

gerous, would spell small hope to the friends Go ae ee The man was off.

at home who would read the returns tn the pa- Slowly Dalton aoe warns m samo
pers. Three casualties and only one etretcher direction. In about an hour he met some
The men who carried {t were not members | MOP coming toward him, In another hour

he was in a hospital, the only man who had
pA pte 4 ep oa Rtg Tommies ever walked ait miles with a wound that should

The surgeon had got out his bandages and have been mortal and had lived to tell the

was applying the first ald as quickly and deftly tale.
as he could, when one of the men standing by
shouted suddenly:
My Gawd! Look! Here they come!”

Capt. Dalton ralsed his head In tirre to see
about forty Boers, all mounted, ride into aight
above the crest of the little hill, 20° sards or
so in front. He only glanced at them, for he
thought they must have perceived what he was
doing, and despite the recriminations that had
been indulged in the Red Cross had always
been respected. He felt himself safe under
the protection of the little bandage eround his
arm. So he went on with his work. There
came a volley, and the Captain felt a shock
go through him. Pauvsing for a minute, he
looked down at himself, and perceived that
he was wounded in almost thea same place as
the officer whom he was attending. One of ,
the soldlera was shot dead, and the wounded i
man Iving on the ground had received a second
bullet through hia chest) The other atret:her-
beorer had been shot through the arm near
the shou'der, and had fallen tehind a reck

Thev wereall casualties now, himself Included

 

SECRET OF PLEASING MAN.

Pointers for Young Women About to Visit Boe-
ton, Pittsbarg or Other Cities.

Priscilla {s hard at work. She Is going to
Boston for a visit and is preparing for the en-
trance exarinations

“You see, it's thia way,” she explained to

her. “One simply must be @ social success
when one makes visits
hostess and it ian't unpleasant for herself
Now, there's a great deal said and written
about the centile art of conversation A woman
must be able to (nd out what a man’s hobby
is and to draw him out upon that subject. Then
he'll thinks she is a charmer. That's all very
well, but where's your recipe for discovering
the man’s hobby in the first place, and {f it
{s some impossible thing when you find it how
are you going to draw him out unless you know
something about the sub/ect vourself?

“Of course it's all one to you whether your
dinner man ts crazy over Hittite inscriptions
But somehow, it mar have heen the effect of | or placer mining, but I didn't have a college
training, or it may bave teen the surgeon's | education and J have to prepare for occasions
abstract interest in the case, he contirved , 1 went to dinner once with a nice-looking man
working, stanching the blood and binding | who wanted to talk to me about troglod. tes
up the wound of his friend, Cetermined to work | Now what are tr wlodytes? I gathered that
astongashewasable. The Boersappronched | they were some = sort of bugs; but I couldn't
They got off their horses and were etanding | even look intelligent No hostess has a right
close about him. His job was almost finished. | to thrust @ troglodyte man upon @ girl without
A sickening feeling was coming over him and | warning. Then there's that heavenly English-
he fell slowly back and lay looking up at them. | man who is mad about Persian poetry. I ab-
The anger that came over him made him speak | solutely lost my first evening with him, but
{n cold, slow tones, providence gave me a second chance, and by

“Look what you have done,” he said. “You , that time I could go bulbuling around aa ro-
have shot me, a suirgeon performing hia duty, | mantically as any one, and could quote Hafiz
and vou have fred upon the wounded. Doyou | in my sleep, Hence these American Beauties,”
call that war?” and Priscilla waved her hand airy at a mass

“We're very sorry, air,” aald a middle-aged | of gorgeous roses,
bearded fellow in good English. “We didn't | The Bryn Mawr girl looked impressed

'
|
|
|
|

ere who you were. We thought you were lying “But is it worth while?” she asked
there and were about to fire on us.” “Is it worth while, is it?” echoed Priscilla
The others stood about silentls, leaning | with a fine Hibernian accent. “That depends
awkwardly against their saddles. The man | on what you like I like men and American
who was slightly wounded through the arm | Beauties.”
stood up, he began to swear. The Captain “How can you tell what to study before you
silenced him, and he sat down on the rock | know whorn you'll meet?"
nursing his wounded arm. And now comes Priscilla put down her volume of Browning.
the strangest part of the ‘tory, and one that, “You see it's this way. Nine-tenths of the
ff it had not been verified, would be hard to women who have a reputation for being clever
helieve, The Boers bent over and examined | talkers have rehearsals before a dinner. If
the wounded man. They shook their heads. | they are invited to meet some big gun, they
The Captain felt his senses going, the weak- | study up on his specialties, If they don't
ness wasbecoming overpowering. Someone ; know how the other guests will be, they just
epoke in Dutch and a horseman mounted fix up a few good stories and clever ideas,
The Captain looked up and asked slowly; “Who | and figure out ways of dragwing them in by tie
is in command here? heels wherever they will do most good
“Well, I suppose I am,” sald @ low-browed | one better than that
ruMan, who spoke English
“Well, for heaven's sake let the alightly
wor edmain goand got help for us."
“He's our prisoner,” said the bearded one.
"We've got to take him along, we can't satay Nice town. Prseula went on, “but there's
here.” no earthly use Boing there i vou dont know

|
|
| l go
'
|
“Soiraly you're not going to leave us in this | anything about steel
|
|
!
|
'

{ classes and species and generalize my prepara-
tien. IT worked out the system, the first time
1 visited Pittsburg. bver visit in Pittsburg?”

Tue Breen Mawe auri had tot dene so

   
  

 

ond ion and machinery
: Novody to w that, b soon fo t%
plan 1 . " en a mnt lat tes Aik “hut “share
There was no answer The next thing the | were lors cf od drives and swell dinners
Captain remembered was some one tugging Phatr 7 talking. vou know, and I give vou
t his feet then he heare 1 / rey Word Peowddn't get awos from machinery
at his feet, and n he heatd @ sound of | eure man 2 met had something todo with the

horses’ hoofs going away over the rocks. He
lost consciousness When he came to him-
self the sun wa down behind the bills and the
cold evening shadows were coming on. He
knew now what the tugging at his feet had
meant. hic spurs were gone’ Capt de Rouge-
mont. lying beside him was talking

“Dalton,” he said, “can you hear me?”

“Yea”

 

or Westinghouse plants or sone
od that sort The tirst nig
wh We went toa tie dinner, and
me she had allotted the mist
s nm Pittshurg te me
he whole dinner
\phuning anew metor tome He didn't
poddetl By the time dessert cure
on | eould have made that moter without a
diagram Th nest night Pomet a tivaraulic
and it wentoon that way all through
VattsLure

ae

 

'
I wes tn the
our hostess
clever and et
Fle looked

titnee

spare tie

 

  

 

 

 

hatter
“We're ino bad way. What shail we dot? [if 'ue since them but hefure Tee falanee cane

ind look up the
plate

times since then
engine or twe

“Don't move, !t'e the only thing that will | struct 4 steam
gave your life. They may find us in the morn. , Piet Of steel balls and aunt

and ae

   

    

ined German, br

 

 

 
   

He had managed to oral to the body of one
of bie compantone and had drained the dead |

the Bryn Mawr girl who spent last Sunday with |

A girl owes it to her |

1] make a study of local |

  

several |

NEW YORK SHORT OF COAL,

THR AUSIVESS MORE DEMORALIZED
THAN DURING THE ATRIRE.

Thie C1ty the Last Piace to Ne Sepplied The
Oatpat of the Mines Now Going Kleewhere
Poor People Pay More Than Rich for

Coal Somelarge Consaemere Costly Coal,

| The coal atrike ta ended, but ita effacta are

| atill felt in New York, and neither prices nor
supply will reach the normal level hefora dan.
tifthen In fact the coal business of the city

| ia more demoralized now than it was during |
the atrike When the minera atepped work
the output of coal was areatly diminished and
New York's supply was reduced to bewgarly ,
dimenstons, but the large coal companies had |
great quantities of coal etored tn thelr aheda,

| and they drew upon this supply to tde ther |

| over the period of diMeulty, Now this supply |

| is exhausted and though the mines are once

a

|

more working, comparatively little coal ts
coming to New York. The mining and rail- |
| road companies are behind with their con-
tracta all through the country and are devoting
| their energy at present to supplying the de |
mand from those distriets where delivery |
| will be diMleult and the need great when the |
winter shuta in, Coal ts being rushed to the
| Northwest and the lake districts and New |
York dealers are cooling their heels and exrer-
eiaing what pationce they have on hand,
When more Imperative demands have been met
New York will get her winter supply of coal, and
then prices will come down and delivery will |
be prompt; but now the gupply ts at least |
two weeks behind the demand, and coal is
selling for at least $1 a ton more than usual.
There is another reason why New York ts
invariably the last great olty to receive the
attention of the coal companies, It {fs the
| cheapest coal market {n the country. Every
| mining district has an outlet here, By rail or
| waterway, all coal can be distributed here,
Competition is, consequentily, very brisk and
| raflroads and coal companies make less profit
|

on New York coal than on coal sent to mar-
kets which are accessible directly to only
Naturally the markets which

New

a few roads
| yield large profits are supplied first. }
York comes later Even in many towns only i
a few miles from New York coal rates
'

| higher than here In Newark, for example,
i coal is 25 centa a ton dearer.
The same conditions which make New York
| the cheapest coal market, make it the greatest
distributing point in the East. Coal comes
here over all the roads, and from here is re-
shipped by rail, or, in the case of the New En-
gland coast towns, by boat. Philadelphia te
New York's only rival in veasel coal traffic,
but she is hampered by having fewer channels
of supply
When it ts said that New York alone uses
on an average 10,000,000 tons of coal yearly
, it is apparent that the handling of the coal
business of the city is an affair of tremendous
|

 

magnitude. The total output of coal in the
United States for 1899 was 230,888,078 tone,
and {t took one-twenty-third of that aggregate
to supply the New York market. An unusu-
ally large proportion of this supply ts anthra-
cite, for the reason that New York health ordl-
nances practically prohibit the burning of
soft coal in the eity, and although many large
factories and plants, especially along the river
front, do use large quantities of soft coal, the
practice ts hidden as carefully as possible and
| is by no means general.

\ Coal is brought from the mines over the
| different railroads to the shipping ports, such |
| as Port Reading, Perth Amboy, Elizabethport,

/ South Amboy, Hoboken, Weehawken and |
| Guttenburg At the port the coal {s either ,
| Stored in the railroad company's sheds or
| delivered to buyers f. 0. b, that Is, free on |
|

{

!

board boat, The railroad has its own hoisting |
apparatus at the port, and is under contract
to load the coal upon the boats without extra
charge.

The barge lines are frequently owned by the
railroad company, as are the towing lines,
| but individual boats do engage in the trade.
The cost of transportation from the lower porta, |
| Port Reading, South Amboy, &e, is 20 cents
aton. From the upper porta the rate ta lower,
because the cost of towirg down current Is
less. The captain of the boat pays out of his
| profit the towage and the trimming charges
of three cents aton, thatis, the expense of men

hired to trim the freight

Individual miners ship over railroad lines
and have the use of the railroad port, but a
large share of the coal brought on is bought
by the railroad company at the mine. The |
railroad gets 40 per cent. of the value of the

coal for freiglthg If it pays the miner 60
| per cent of the value of his coal at the mine,
the miner gets as much as he would in any
case, and is relieved of further trouble, At the
port the railroad company either consigns the
coal to city coal compantes or selling agents
under its control, or selis it to individual out-
side dealers

|
| All New York coal dealers of any consequence
{ obtain their coal directly from the ports, and
| the largest wholesale firms have yards on the |
| waterfront. There they have their own hoist-
| ing apparatus and force of employees and do
their own unloading at a very small cost of |
' from three to ten cents a ton. The inland |
dealers, as the coal men whose yards lie back |

} from the waterfront are called, are obliged to
pay stevedores for hoisting their coal and load-
ing it into carts, and the usual cost is at least
ib cents a ton, Sometimes, if the dealers’
carts are all busy with delivery, the stevedores |
furnish (he carts, and that is @ large additional |
expense.
| Upto this stage the coal is handled and sold |
in gross tons of 2,240 pounds, but the retail |
dealers sell it in net 2,000-pound tons. Of course
the quantities in which coal is sold vary, ace |
cording to the use for which it is intended. |
|

The retail dealer is seldom willing to sell less
than a ton, and the poor are obliged to buy
their coal of the pedlers who sell by the bushel
or even by the peck. Bought in this fashion, |
a ton of coal costs almast twice what it would
if bought by the ton, although the pedier |
makes no exorbitant profit. Bought by the |
bag or bushel, a ton of coal that would cost |
from $5.75 to $6.00, if bought in the regular !
way, will cost from $9 to $10 There is, how- |
ever, no alternative The poor man hasn't ;
the money to invest ina ton of coal at one time, |

|

 

|
| and ordinarily he would hare no place to store
! the coal if he could buy it, 80 the coal peddler
ix a positive necessity inthe tenement districts,
where coal is hoarded and stored as carefully '
as though it were precious metal

Another instance of the irony lurking about

+ that ordinarily used by the rich. Red ash |
tooal is more expensive than white ash. It

costs more in the first place, it burns freely |

|
t nine trai ae tebeprar <p. « |
ing.” Hie I) ay 1 ere ; NN aaa BT in ee re ve. | the crannies of poverty is found in the fact |
Just then a groaning came from where the | self to 4 fravzle pureling over political things | that the very poverty of the poor compels |
other wounded man was lying. | and Sao : Cs un athe mand Issues im fo'= 1 them not only to pay more for the coal they |
“Water,” he moaned; “water.” ig en and foreign diplon tien, rod ae { buy than the rich would pay for the same
Dalton raised his volce “Lie still, my lad,” | wn there was a creat Success | could | quality, but alse te buv a better quality than |
|
{

    

 
 
  

 
   

be said. “Water {s the worst thing for you. | |’ nm ; a Kinelish, 4
e q her ne bods tres
Lie still What isvourname’” refused to Jerve ne ‘own j all . fad

The u.an gave jt and hie number, and the! Who lo don't kreow about the recall tamales

Captain could almost imagine that @ salute |! Vries) tl ine In an Alan
ia : ‘ ‘ and Geermian Soowidism, dadisinteera-
Bocomparied t e answer tion of Austen Kaussia’s kastern policy, France |

Can vou see those other men?” ind England ty Afriea oh. dear, it-is a real

«Ww Ss sae Yin ' ie * burden 1 boron Well anfornyed Luckily I

Yes, sir ev're both dead, sir i : { pens neki ;

idw s ofetet tras he laect “

The soldier's agony was sunk In the sold- | | i Leharl my vinta nd tt ak ates room in
feriy training rev head for something ele ;

“Keep quiet and lie atill, I tell you. Try to 1 gol 1 in Denver Inet summer and I'm

+ eo action} puner ww. and th 4 »
forget your thirst Moving around will only | "[osq urd tired tas mttent ‘ Nae cote ae
make you worse wheat Lpin Voseonsin Pmastered the lunter

The soldier did not reply business: ind after a tionth ip Ohia 1 coved

ter r “

A stranwe thing of |) ail was this There had « Xow Fim ee'ting ready for Boston 1 sup.
been no bitter words expressed against the | pose there are sporadic cases of ptoin every
action of the Boers. Tt had been passed by as gas mon up tt eo bet they rel me musie,

re r ry alt ores o ” -

(f by tacit consent. The inhuman part of it, | oe by a sae Lyre i So Tar cee ee

the surgeon perceived, was not intended for | musi hd Browning commer taries;

torture: he saw that the enemy hed regardod | 17d Pye learned ten cuctattons froin kaernn
"tic . a VVt Are We od cover almost any aroun

them all as being practical dead men When [« hace from Boston In: ecing to

To describe in detail that night of horror J write books ty sell Hew Not to Listen to
would be too harrowing Capt. Dalton knew | Music’ Setit Is Rrowrincism,’ “Transcen:

ie ae dv olism: Made Seed! De you think they
that his only chance of living was in remaining |. \\)4 go ‘
absolutely still Since he had laid himself When vou Want oa restful, nerve-relaxing

visit, just eoone to New York, my deer, Its
alwoys a relief to cot back here You aan't
bunen the New York mer Lhere'’s absolutely
no Guessing What one will traw at a Ginuer
Pe may be the erind moe or an Arctic @x-
Sat ok or a writer of indecent poetry, or an
nelish actor, or a Montana cowboy, or a ruil
road insenate, or \ustaplon Wille boy. One
can't prepare for all posible emergencies,
so one doesn't prepare at oi! You just put
your trust in your di ner fro) and your guard-
ian augel and lake wh ttever « vines alongs.”

down he had hardly niovel a musele, but poor
de Rougemont had begun to wander. He
began to shout to the stable guard and insisted
that the horses were tethered over the lull
He raised himself on his elbows and called aloud
time and again. Dalton pleaded with him
pvain He would not listen to reason

In the meantime the temptation of thirst,
that overpowering,dreadful agony of the sorely

Eee

! and without clinkers, so that It does not hold ;
| fre long and is not economiteal, and it is Heht
weight, but bulky. Therefore, sold by the
bushel or bag, it is more expensive than when
sold by the ton. Yet, in spite of all this, the
tenement folk are to a great extent obliged
to burn red ash coal. The chimneys of the
tenements are so badly constructed In many
cases and so many families are using each
of these chimneys, that the draught is poor,
and it is impossible to make a coal less in-
flamimaltie than red ash burn in the stoves
The red ash costs about $1.4 ton more than the
-and that dollar means a great d al
to a dweller in the tenement district, but the
conditions are a blessing to the pedier who
buys the bulky light weight coal by the ton
and sells it by the bushel, and so increases
his profit

The ordinary family burns nut or egg coal
in white ash, or, if the buyer is canny and
thrifty, he buys what is known as poor man's
coal, a combination of red ash and white ash.
The former makes the fire burn freely and the |
latter makes clinkers and holds the fire: so }
the combination is excellent and economical

The varieties of coal most used by large
factories and plants to-day were practically
unknown twenty-five years ago. Pea, buck-
wheat, bariey_and rice coal were originally

white as

 

   

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

! of coal yearly

     

refuse ives and were thrown out on the dump
hanks Toeday thie olf refuse of washery
con) la being worked over, sereened and sold
for factors use allow prices A certain pro
portion of the coal in these sites does come
Airectiy from the breaker, and ta eupertor
to the waahery coal because, not having lain
ertpored to wind and weather, It has not lot
ao mueh of ite infammable quality of life
Plante like the New York Stearn, Company
and the Metropolitan Street Kaliway Com-
pany use this rice and pea coal, and the alt.
ference in cost means much to them because
of the enormous quantities of fuel they con-
aume The New York Steam Company uses
about 126,000 tons of coal ina year = [he Met-
fopolitan company uses A full 160,000 tons
The Manhattan Elevated Company goes ahead
of both and burns on an average, 200,000 tons
This company uses e@@ coal,
which ts more expensive than the emalier
varieties, but has the advantage of producing
higher ateam pressure. At the ordinary rate
of about $4 @ ton, the 200,000 tons represents
a yearly expense item of about $800,000. The

} hotels also consume large quantities of coal

and are among the coal dealers’ beat custo-
mers. One city hotel used last year 30,000
tons of coal

The moat expensive ooal in the market Is
Fnglish cannel, at $14 @ ton, but very little of it
is imported and It is used only for open fires in
homes where money is a matter of small mo-
ment. Ohlo and Kentucky cannel coal are a
trifle leas expensive than the English product,
and are almost ite equal in quality, but they do
not hold their form in burning so well as the
English and they make more smoke and soot
After the cannel ooals, tle Lykens Valley red
ash ooal ls the most expensive in the market,
but the supply ts limited and It, too, is burned

; ohiefly for open fires.

The apartment house Janitor {s an important
factor tn the New York ooal business. He
usually has charge of buying and managing the
coal supply of the tenants, and the arrange-
ment opens up vistas of possibility, {f the janitor
happens to be unprincipled. Ordinarily the
Janitor’s profita come out of the coal dealer,
who gives him a discount for buytng in large
quantities. Fairly enough the Janitor looks
upon this discount as one of his perquisites, and
does not give the tenant the benefit of it. The
existence of this rake-off accounts for the stren-
uous and tyrannical fashion in which theaverage
Janitor protests against any pet {diosynorasies
which a tenant may cherish in regard to coal
Any considerate and well-trained dweller in
apartment houses will resign himself to using
whatever coal the other tenants prefer, for, by
buying one kind at one price, the janitor ts able
to drive a better bargain, and woe to the tenant
who seeks to indulge his own peculiar taste in
the matter of mixed ooal.

When the fanitor ts dishonest the ooal per-
quisites do not stop with a legitimate discount;
but the ooal tn the private bins dwindles mys
teriously, and tenants are called upon to buy
with surprising frequency. As a protection
against this evil, it ls a wise precaution to buy
only a small quantity of coal at a timo, watch
{t carefully, and find out how long tt will last,
then, In the, future, always buy that same
amount and (nsist upon ite lasting for that same
length of time. When one lives in an apart-
ment, laying In a large supply of coal is a de
lusion and a snare

In the old dave large fortunes were made
out of the coal business. Even to-day men
grow rich {n the business, but in apite of the
lack of Coal Trusts, the profits of the ooal men
have shrunk astonishingly. When one sees
coal quoted at $4 a ton wholesale, and pays
$5 for it at retail, one figures a large profit for
the reta!! dealer; but in point of fact the re
tall dealer comes ont at the little end of the

‘horn Even the wholesale men admit that.

By the time the retall dealer pays for acreen-
{ne and waste, for hoisting and putting {nto
the yard, which {tem amounts to from 25 to
60 cents a ton: for yard rent, for employees’
and for deliverr,a large share of that profit
has gone gitmmering. The profit on New
York coal sold in large quantities, {ie about 10
cents a ton, and on emall quantities, about
25 cents. In earlier days the profita were much
larger. The wholesale dealers make a little
more, but to a layman the railroads appear
to have the heavy end of the coal business

The individual mine operator seldom owns
his land, but {s obliged to pay for the right
to work {t, so his profits are not colossal. Fre
quently the railroad owns the land and gets
a royalty upon every ton of coal mined. Then
it has 40 cents a ton freightage. If it owns
the barge and towing lines, it gets their profit
and, through its selling agents, {t geta the
middleman's profit. As a prominent New
York coal dealer put it toa Sewn reporter:

“There's good money in the coal business,
and we all get a share, but really, you know,
the railroad ls the whole show.”

 

 

GOT THE DING DONG; COST 8&2,

 

New Form of Banc» Steering by Electricity
Fxhibited im the Bowery.

When he went Into Police Headquarters
he had a bundle under his arm. He glanced
from right to left as if he feared that some
one would Jump out of a side room and attack
him He breathed a sigh of relief when he
saw a uniformed policeman in the corridor
Approaching the policeman he sald:

“Please, Mister, ven somebody do yon
someting can I have a deteckertive to go on
der place? Yes? No?”

“That all depends.” answered the policeman
“If you have a complaint to make you will
find Capt Stephenson in the Information Bureau
and he will attend to your case, as he Is acting
Inspector to-night ”

The man with the bundle poked his head
through the doorway leading to the Informa-

) tlon Bareau and softly said

“Tho is der Capitain?”

“I'm here,” repled Stephenson:
I do for you?"

“You can't do It,”

“what can

remarked the visitor

/“T first a deteckertive must had to explana-

tion myself ”

“I'm a detective,” «aid the Captain; “go
right on with your story ”

“All right,” replied the visitor: “I vill heyin
on der commencing.+ 1 vere on der Bowery,
mebbe nummer vhat is it T should live so vhen
The 7T come on der store vhere der banio
mites plunks und der pletures come round
mit der penny vou put oon der slop machine,
und der bella ring mit nobody dere at all Putty
soon a Tnens come to me und say if TP vant to
hear der ‘lectricity for a nickel und Teay ‘Sure
vhy pot? and dev bring me der room out lee

{ hind der store und tole me make myself ready

for a sbivver You understan’ dot business,
Capitain’”

Let me see You were on the Rowery
You watked into one of those so-called arnuse.

 

fanent parlors Then) you heard the music
from the electric banio and spent a few cents
en the kinetoscopes and worked the other

 

penny-inethe-siot machines Then two men

hrought you into @ rear room and asked vou

t teow the electria betters
vet ready for an eleetric shock
on with vour story ”

“Vell.” continued the visitor, “Vhen T come
on der “leetricitv. machines one mans holded
mv left hand und dot other fellow holded my
right hand Vhat I cere for such a little ning
und needies business how it mit ‘leetrieity
feels in my hands? To only laugh vhen ther
ho'ded der machine “cause dev say dey got it
vet yvorser mit der handle from der machine
as vhat Teot vhen L vere in der middle holding
dem iellow's hand. Den comes a man vhat said
he vere der bess vhat owned dot machine
He sneak like he very angry mad awful und
sav Dot fellow in der middle got five dollars’
vorth too much of ‘lectricity already for noth-
ing How can dot be? LT can't pay der gas
hills for <ach eustomers” Dot vere meant for
me Den ene mans vhat holded me right hanp
tight said dot it vould cost me two dollars vhen
1 didn't let go before der bell on der machine
rings ding-acling. Der other. fellow what
holded my lett hand tight pulled) vet more
‘ectricity ent und she uted: ‘Quick, der bell vill
ring, jet wo’

“<nd did von let go?” inquired the eantain

“Vhet shall I do vhei dev holded my hands
full mit ‘leetrielty? Ceoald Limake mvaelf out
hefore der bell ring’ No. Der bell dings
afore T get mv hands avav und T had to pay
two dollar beeanse | vere not too quick.”

“And did von pay int?”

“Sure” said the stranver “Der mena aay
dey couldn't let goon my hand vhen der boss
don't stop der ‘leetricity machine after der bell
rings und dot ve vould had to stay dere all
night) LT shouted, “Turn it out und T vill pay,’
und der boss outened der galvanizing fron. der
hattery and der ‘lectricity stopped. Den T let
go und give dot man two dollars. Vhen I told
a other mans about it In dot store he laughed
und said | got der ding dong. Vhat Is it fora
da ng dong: 1s dot bunco steered?”

“T quens it was,” replied the captain, and he
eent a detective out to investigate the matter.

\

dvising vou te
Yes, go right

NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

ROMANCE OF AN OLD BEAU.

TWO MRATINGS OF wh autem At
ie monsre stow

A Social Wreck Finds Mimertf among MA Ae
eoctations Veapie He Knew Whe Did Not
Moow Him any More The boat Wife and
the Lost Hanter and their Greetings

It wae past 0 o'clock when Mr William Van
Reneselaer Smith wandered into Mad! won |
Square Garden with Miss Mona la Cleraue
Had he been entirely ld hardly
have gone there, for it waa quite ten years
fince he had mingled with secjiety even dis
tantly He oeensionally visited the one elub
where his dues were paid each vear with A
myaterious check, but he was not cordially
received, and so he went there seldom But this
evening he had been dining with Misa Ia
Clerque ata table d'htte where a feature was
made of various liquida served in variously
shaped glasses under various names, all of
which had the effect of causing temporary
aberrations, hystertoa) gayety and subsequent
somnolence

Mr Smith's afl hat, not ao fresh as It |
might bo, nor of the asason's blook, was Upped |
a bit rakishly to one aide, a pathetio confeasion
that he waa living ten or fifteen years behind’
thetime. Yet fifteen years ago ho was a young
man anda eociety leader. He belonged then to
the best clubs in town and drove the moat
stylish traps and the highest ateppers All |
the pretty women of his set admired him and
he had married the most beautiful girl of them |
all. Since then he had lost his clubs, his high
steppers, his money, his place, and when |
hie pretty wife lost him he lost everything else |
worth having. Then there was a period in a
gold cure establishment and then Billy
Smith quietly took his place tn the vast army
of genteel wrecks, his name being still mys
teriously kept on the list of one of the best
clubs in town Since then he had drifted |
with several tides, the alooholio being prob-
ably stronger than any of the others, but all |
had borne him steadily away from the old life,
the life of the clubs, the opera boxes, the pretty |
women who had amiled at Billy too much
and the beautiful high-bred horses

So much for Billy. Miss Mona le Clerque,
the young woman who had honored Billy by |
dining with him that evening, was an artist
In the beautification of the finger na!l and the
destruction of superfluous cuticle. She had
an office where men with time on their hands |
In the afternoon would stray In and whisper
sweet nothings to her while she clipped and |
pared and polished their finger ends. She |
had a large clientdle and Billy, who was stil! |
particular about his nalls, had met her and had |
been charmed with her good looks and her
gowns which rustied. She had requested
Mr. Smith, whose exact soctal standing she
did not quite appreciate, to take her to the)
Qarden and show her the heavy swells. Thus |
{t was that Billy, slightly hazy, wandered Into
the Horse Show with Miss Ie Clerque, who
with her golden hair and rustling gown might
easily have been taken for an actress

The band was playing and the alr was heavy |
with the scent of violeta and sachet powder. |
From within the ring came the musical whirl |
of wheels, the {ingle of harness and the beating |
of hoofa on the tan bark. There were lichts
gleaming in garlands over the roof, women's
laughter sounded faintly and every one pressed |

aober he «

on {n a great moving human mass. And Billy, |
suddenly sobered as he walked In these for- |
gotten paths, realized that he had strared |
inte trouble. When one’s matrimonial troubles |
beoome {llistrated newanaper history, it gives
one a distaste for society almoat equal to the
distaste society has for one, and for ten years
society and Billy had been separated, much to |
the benefit of society, It must be admitted. |
Blocked as he was in the crowd, he felt him-
self a littls like a warhorse on the fleld of battle
after a period of retirement. Ae recollected
how he used to make the tour of these very |
boxes: he was amazed to find that he knew
the oreunants of them as of old. All bore the
marks of the time that had passed, the women
bravely, sore more beautiful than ever, the |
men asecarred and seared by many ootillons
and much Seotch and anda.

There was Ida Blakely, grown very plump
and matroniy She had been one of the brides-
maids at his wedding and used to he a jolly
sort of girl. Billy looked at her and she put
up her lorgnette and stared through him.
Then she looked at Miss Te Clerque and whis-
pered to the man back of her They both |
laughed and turned the other way. Two men |
that belonged to the club where Billy’s name
still remained nodded shortly to him without
removing their hats The next box was
Tommie Watrous’s and there was Mra Watrous
exactly the same as ever; overdressed and gay.
There was a aweet-looking girl in a white cloth
gown with her who looked at Billy. Another
man that Billy had known was fn the box, but |
he looked at the programme. Mrs. Watrous
looked acroms the crowd and beckoned to her
husband, who was passing Watrous pushed
by Billy's elbow aaving, “Excuse me, please”
Then Billy remembered that he owed Watrous
a poker debt that he had forgotten to pay.

He felt as {if the ground were slipping
under his feet and he wished it would and that
he could slide into oblivion. He turned his |
eyes resolutely from the boxes and elbowed
his way along flercely, passing two other men
who erinned over their collarsas he went by.
Then he suddenly heard a soft voice that he
remembered and turning as though he had
heen called he looked into the face of his wife
for the first time since they had parted forever

Just for a moment she saw him; then she
turned calmly and coldly to the man who leaned
over her chair. She was still very beautiful
in black velvet with sables around her throat, |
with a chain of pearls gleaming down the front
of her gown. A black hat shaded her eres,

Billy turned savagely to go up stairs, Miss
Le Clerque following him somewhat crossly,

“Where are you going?” she asked.

“Up here,” he answered: “we can see better.”

“| prefer to walk around,” she said; “I want
to see the people ” |

“LT don't,” sald Billy mdely; *I've seen enough |
of that mob! Let us sit down a minute.”

He sank into a vacant seat by his companion. .
There were very few people tn this part of the
gallery. Miss Le Clerque's lips had set in a
hard line, To come to the Horse Show was
one thing. To sit up here unseeing and un-
seen was quite another,

“Look at those beautiful horses going In
the ring,” said Billy as a itne of hunters went
through the gate. “Aren't they beauties?”

“Pshaw! Who cares for the horses?” ejacu-
lated Miss Le Clerjue. “I thonght you could
show me the people in the boxes.”

The band struck up an old, but atill popular
two-step, and it carried Billy back ten years
He leaned forward, looking into the ring, but
seeing only a beautiful face, white as the pearls
around her throat

He was back with her riding under the trees,
for she was the best horseworman the lot. He
was on his blag Irish hunter Retribution, the last
horse that he had let go when misfortune came
upon him, She was a girl then and they were
very much In love, enioving the delightful ex-
perience of being together without quite under-
standing it all Then there was a dance in the
clubhouse and that was the night they became
engaged and the band had played thie very tune
that ni@ht. It was one of
that live unsusnected In the battered heart of
manvaman. She had loved him so fully and «9
girlishly and so unreservedly and had been
insanely jealous of him. There were the court.
ship and the time of their berrothal, most of
the hours spent in the saddle galioping over
the country. Then the wedding, the ereat
church flower-deoked, the bridesmaids, the
ushers, the girlin her shining satin gown and
the pearls he had given her. He wondered
{if it were possible those were the same pearls
she wore tonight. They were almost too
costly to despise for mere sentiment. But
then she was quite different from other women, |

He recollected the tour abroad and the gay |
life in town for several seasons when they had
drifted steadily into separate paths in spite.of
the baby that had been born and had died. He
could recollect the funeral and the trees waving

those memories

/{t is bound to be of vital {mportance to the

lan explorer in bis vouth and had er

| gertlenar

'
In the rain of the @aravevard where ther hod
almost been brought tewether again but then
there waa a etlll wider separation life aoroad |

forher heonasaqghtand atthe elit f
thatioe then the divorce the erndual det

way of all ameoriatior the enubea of | !

Hroe friende, the lose of ail the toner ths |
matnet te him, then dette, going under '
ndew, cheaper surroundings then he rod |
And looked up to find that Mise Le Clergue had
left him alone i}

Half angrily he rose and etrode down the
stepe and through the upper end of the warder
Thee af

There were othere that he knew
the women eeemed tot te recognize bit
of the men would not Jostled en evere eid
by the moving,
fearing to look up again and see the white fice
under the black hat

He came upon an inclined extt through which |
nohody seemed to be passing and turned ere
fully out of the crowd, his one idea to get aw
from the muste and the lights and to get tel
to the other world. He moved atimlessly and |
suddenly realized that he was among (he etelle
in the basement where the horees are stabled
He felt himself enster and more at home here |

Answering a warning exclamation, he stepped
one aide to allow a line of hunters to pass across
the boarded floor He put his hand over a low |
stall and patted a stocky Shetland on ita head |
It lifted two widely opened eves and looked at |
him) Then he heard a whinny of excitement,
and turning saw that one of the hunters liad
stopped, ita care filcking back, ita eyes glowing
A great blue rosette was fastened at the horse's |
ear Billy looked close and almost fainted
It was his old hunter, Retribution, which he
thought had been taken abroad. It nestled its
head against Billy’s cheek and burrowed in
his shirt front

“The horse knows you, air,” anid the groom

Billy could not speak. It seemed like a part
of the dream. His chest heaved and he throw
one arm over the horae's neck

“Te was my horse once,” he sald
~-I did not know~—I “

“He's @ great Jumper,” sald the groom: “he's
Just won another ribbon for Mrs Smith ”

laughing crowd he pushed

 

*I thought

QUEER DREAMS OF INVENTORS.

| Wet the Dreamers Are Afraid Someone Will

Steal Their Notions.

From the Washington Post
“More extraordinary members of society
turn up at the Patent Office {none hour than
in all the other public buildings of the city
{n a month. They hail from all parte of the
globe, and they arericher than the trusts
Except in comparatively few instances, these |
gifted members of society do not loudly pro- |
claim the genius that is in them. They do |
not have to. It {s placarded In thelr whiskers,
in the horizontal creases of their trousers,
In thelr secretive and confidential manner,
thelr superb condescension, and, above all,
in their mysterious inventions The Patent
Office becomes either thelr bosom confidant

and inspiration or their deadly enemy, ac
cording to the verdict on their new ideas

Although Morse himself stated that there
is no instance on record of a great Invention
completed by one man, the geniuses refute
his siatement in the most ongnere terns,
and cite countless numbers of remarkuble
cases of rapid inventions, chiefly in the line
of perpetual motion

“T am the man,” pervades every sentence
they utter Be their Invention_a new and
useful manner of shooing flies off, a new and
useful cow tall holder, or a cat and rat ecarer,

universe, and the unspeakable glory of
ain the man who did it” brightens even the
musty gloom of the Patent (ffice corridors
as the geniuses promenade through
laeat week was a rather gala week for the
geniuses, for @ large bunch of them landed
together and took the office by storm, They
were what the irrepressible clerks designate
as “honeys.”
The first
Uncle Sam,
brimmed hat, and a long, mety, black clerical
coat. He carried a Jostah Pumpkin umbrelia,
and wore a Father Time beard and spectacles,
fle atood up in the office of the draughtsmen's
division, and ratsing his right arm, addressed

the assembled company:
“Tam just as old as railroading in the United
States,” he began and stopped for applause.
None came,
“ET am iuat as old——" he began once more,
and the assembled company, or rather a part
|
i
{
|

_

“honey” looked something like

He wore @ stoverpipe broad-

of it, acting through necessity as audience,
nodded approval.

“and for every year that’s in my life there
been some saving done. Want to know how?
come here,” and he lowered his voice.
“I< this between ourselves? All right, sir,
then [ will tell ye all know. Ihave made tna
moxt remarkable diacovery that has ever been
made in the United States, sir, I have in-
verted a tobacco quid protector, alr, by which
tobacco may be kept in the mouth without
spitting, sir, and by which the quid may he
yregerved for any lencth of time without spofl-
ng, sir, Saves money, saves health, saves
morals,” whereupon he produced a large clam-
like box made of pine wood. fle desired draw-
ings to be made of it and the facts published to
the world.

But he was nothing to the party from Green
Bay, Wis, who, before he hecame a centus,
had perhaps been a middle-class experiment-
ing farmer. He tiptoed in very quietly and
confidentially, took a chair by the ntre
desk, laving hie sun-hrowned derby with {te
roller-coaster brim on top of the ink bottles
He then clasped his hand as in meeting

“Lam from Bay City.” he started, “and I
have made the most remarkable discoveries
that have ever been made in the history of the
world,” whereupon he began a list of them.
The first was actually a cow tall holder of the
most phenomenal device, consisting of a remi-
lar derrick to be constructed on the animal's
hindquarters at great expense and trouble,
anda pig iron clasp to grip the tail Apparentl
the gentleman had had some. bitter ex -
ence while milking resultant fromm ewitehin
tails of the bovine genus, and he had counte
ties to wet his troubles relleved. The next
discovery on the list was equally gigantic in
frame, and consisted of aclock alarm fashioned
with special reference to searing cats out of the
milkpana. It consisted of a heavy iron welght
attached to a Tone made to fall into a tin pan
placed on a stool beneath the clock, the whole
ohietly desianed for noise He wound up bis
list of inventions with the invariable “per-
petual motion” the hobby, the craze, the fas-
eination of all inventors since invention. be-
gan, and then narrated his history and all his
personal affairs He had been somethin of

Say.

  
 

aed the
plains with the Pithfinder of the Weat, Fre.
mont. Then he had “taken to inventing”
after a pastoral existence on a Wisconsin farm

A clerical individual was the next In line,
a Preshvterian minister from — Richmond.
He commenced with an “Ahem,” and pro.
cealed by gentle degrens to unfold his plan
for the henefaction of humanity.
guide to kevholes!

“LT am surprised, air.” remarked the wen.
“that vou of all men should

It was a

tleman at the desk
have invented this
turhed

“Well” sald he, anolocetieally,
often finda, on returning heme
evening, that the kevhole fa oh, extremely

“We pnderstand nerfectly,” returned the
office force, andthe gentleman retired, hinshing

A ctont old gentleman with whiskers and a
wide hwimmed slouch hat next sauntered in
Te halted from the Honetar State, and annarently
was one of the mods of the town hall, and ae-
ravid.fring areyments With
nacket and the other to bhrandish,
whiskers ewent the deck he demanded
the drawing of an S-inch shall on a tren
hnanper, Nothtn@elea wold eatiety
him, and he denarted in thunderous disenst
fothe reenter vieltora fe a ministerial
anndna black te
and a cont that how aaen hetter days, He hes
A newer ond wilder invention an esch wisit,
and te varialls «nm da the slang an tha cask,
elonnently calling e attention af the often
and annonneing aravely p
dramatic farce, “A ttle child ean work ir”

The offlee foree, feeling its dolnese rercent-
hile, equirme and feels forlish, ea cam jeer.
ating a look for them bee the eld inventor ne |
he pronounces again with vet more emrbocia
when they foil te comprehend: “Why, a little
child can work if.”

One of the most thritiing Inventions, how
ever, is the new and imrroved fire esenr oe
The inventor was a rorty todividual who trod
as thone) the floor were roiten eres, ond ened |
anenicioushy on all the clertrs fle desired te
he asenred that the Potent Offee would not
steal his Invention. and when so nsured. ae.
thieres

The minister was per-

“one very
late In the

eustamed te
ane hand in bia
while hl

hee foupreine

Moe
with mutton ehor

 

A with eonetdarable

   

ovsed the gentlemen of heing lier
and blackenard Than he tr receeded in melt-
ing tenes te relate the tale of his rew and im-
proved fre eseqne Tt was an umbrella whieh
one meet advust henenth his chin and around
hia neck by a leather devies more adiusteble
than a hane rope. Then attiring hie feet in
softew led shoes, while the flannds were mount.
ing neward and the emobe envelones Vim, he
jiumnet! Tt was were dramatic The offtee
heanned ita comprehension, its approval for
the use of the inventor in cuestion

One of the forniest incidents concerns an-
other minister, who was addicted to a fond.
ness fer whiskey and ev lved » remarkable

and orivinal means of eratilying bis taste evr.

 

 

rent [tions Tt wae a ren sert of lienor fask,
very new, and was actually natented. Tt con.
aisted inn making the ovter covering of the
flask in the form of a book marked “Teal De-
cisions.” The book was taree enoveh en.
tlrely to cover the bottle, Including the neck and
stonner, The shell had a hole in the cowertn
beneath the bottom of the flash, so that it cont:
be pushed urward and the geck would project
through the top,

MEN'S CLOTHES THIS YEAR,

rHives THAT WeRr Soren inge IN
mt vonsre snow chown

thie Season there te So Pieced Standard of
Sivie, and Wen Are Now Dressing Wore to
Conformity With Cheie todtvidaal Lacte

Tha civersity ofetvles in imenachitheae, «

bt been eo noticeable at the Hotee ‘ "
fiat week ft In eftronge contte “ tha
J sinwle <tandard of fashion whiet prec il
fev ‘r is \“ n the name “duce

eoine t deacribed a class of nen « were
Terre 1 alance wherever they we

} ee ead j We season a
dressed hh every other man of lite clas He
Wile pietured truly in toe newspaper, and
Wasa ’ fou then tr) le or ime

} s teen were more extreme than thes are
Now Moreover

in thee few

J Aman wilh a desire to dress

was not expeetod to wear ite

tisle of clothes which most became hin Ile
must follow the «
whoee names became known becenuse of thelr
fle might not @o to the eatreme of
thote fashions, but he must approximate ther
For uystance the fasiiten of having trousers cut
ao tight that the wearer got inte them with
diMieulty was extremely trying for men wha
were thin enough to be conspicuous in
these garments or had the misfortune to be

Kiock-kneed or bow-legge i, and yet rather

tle standard cet up by men

clothes

| than be behind the fasiion they wore these
i

closely fitting trousers There was the same
uniformity in hats lhe style for one season
resembled a pancake with a siight suggestion
of brim, and every man who wanted to be well
dressed woresuchahat. Theskirta of cutaway
coats suddenly Increased inlength untilthey
reached far below the Knees, and when worn
by fat men they sugmested the tall of akite
There has been in recent years a gradual
bresking aw from set fashions in) men’s
clothes, and it would be difficult to deseribe
the typical dandy of the da Becayea the
Horse Show comes at atime when anew aenson
{6 Just opening, its sartorial styles are looked
upon as decisive. There were more varieties
of men's clothes worn at the show this year by
men who are recognized as leaders in dreva
than ever before, amd @ visitor might safely
draw the conclusion that the well-dressed mnan
in New York now was the man who was guided
only in ageneral way by the prevailing fashions
as announced by the tailor and who corrected
them to suit his own individual taste and style
Alinost every conceivable block of a derby hat
was repre-ented by the men who appeared in
the short sack cutaway coate, which are mereiy
aslight modification of the business suit. They
ranged from the amall erowned hat, whieh was
put forward early in the fall by the hatters as
the proper article of head wear to the old fashe
joned hi@h block worn by several men of fashion,
who now wear Che same style of hat vear after
vear. ‘Thetwo brother who were conspicuous
first a few years ago because they wore always
a peculiar model of derby hat and later bre
eame known for other things, would attract
now no special attention by their derbies, In
fact, the individual block, if beeonung to the
wearer, Inay now be used year in and year out,
‘The sack ooats whien appeared in unusuely
large numbers vary in a wveneral way from
the mack coats of axearago = They area litte
shorter and there is just asugeestion ofaspring
or flare froin the waist to the bottom of the

   

 

coat The man who exaggerates in his clothes
wears a sack coat that sugwesta ao Preneh
soldier's army tunic) The trousers are ail

larwer around the hips, and in some cases al}
most hbagey They are cut to hang stroieht
to the foot, narrowing Gown to a} ex-tope
With nroperly squared shoulders aman dressed
in tly etyie looks about twenty pounds over
wetght It gives him an athletic aprearonee,
and that just now is very desirable there
have been sears when the men who aprenred
at the Horse Show in che afternoon without
frock coats were the exceptions This yer
they have greatly increased in numbers the
average man dislik a frock coat Those
who did wear them, of course, were purpercus
Their coata did not reach the knees in ‘enet
and, like the sack coat, thera was a de: idee
suggestion of a spring in them ‘The we
coata were nearly all doub'e-breasted
made ether of the same material as the «
or of subdued pattern in faney steles A low
menapreared wearing Ligh-cut double-breasted
white waistecata It waa a noticeable toet,
aleo, that the men who were the most form. \
dressed in frocks wore with them soit, colored
shirts of bright desiqns This may Love been
merely a conression to the fact that the ove
aion was a horse show, or it may mean thot
the colored shirt may appropriately be worn
with a frock on the most forr al occasions

The evening clothes ranged from the cone
ventional long-tailed coat with white or black
single or double-breasted waistcoats, to the
short dinner coats with derby hats Property
worn the dinner coat demands a black walst-
coat and black derby hat. Many of the wearers
of dinner coats, however, wore double-breasted
white walsteoata with gold buttons Some
men in evening clothes wore what ls now kiiewn
aa the campatan hat, of felt with broad brim

In the matter of overcoats the range of etvles
was wide The loose Raglan coat, which hag
been worn for the past year, outnumber
all other styles. The really horsey men turned
out in driving coats, loose and bag@y,and cons
structed according to the owner'a own pet
ideas. It ig @ mark of horsey distinction to
have 8 priving coat unlike any one else's, and
some of these conta were enoligh to make the
wearers weary of life, ifthe had to walk around
much {inthem For the men who did not drive
or pose As drivers, in addition to the Raglans
there were the so-called Chesterfield con
and astraight hanging loose coat which reac
down just far enough to hide the skirta of a
frock coat. One of the things which @ celes
brated English writer commented on eatire
{cally after a visit to New York years ago was
the alleged fact that most of the mn who
he met ore sometimes two or three diamon
rings This was many years ago. The lees
rer a prep wears now the more certain
16 may be that he {s not offending the dictates
of good form, A single gold eeal ring eyems
to the only exception to this rule orse
Bboy scarf pina are always an exaggeration
of the week, and they a;peared the nyt week
in every conceivable «hare, from gold bits to
asmall jewelled horse's hoof.

 

 

Raa a

 

AN INDIAN TYPEWRITER GIRL.

Miss Edna Parker a Member of a Distinguished
Seneca Family.

For the first time {n the history of the New
York State Iroquois Indian women, one of
their number has become a typewriter and
stenographer. She !s Miss Fdna Wright Par-
ker and is now tn the service of the New York
Central Railroad

Miss Parker comes of a Seneca Indian family
distinguished by its exceptional record. In
1750 her paternal great-great-grandfather re-
moved from the Genesee Valley to the Tonas
wanda Seneca Reservation near Batavia, ace
companying the Sachem Ga-ni-o-di-yu, oF
Handsome Lake, who had instituted the “new*
and now generally accepied religion of the
Iroquois, a reform from the older, or pagan,
faith  Thie faith, it wae believed, was revealed
to Ga-ni-o-di-vu in several trance drearma by
the Great Spirit. By this Intrusion upon the
old-time religion Ga-ni-o-di-yu incurred the
anger of his half-brother, who eventually drove
him and his followers from the Alleghany
reservation, and among those who followed
him tn his flight was William Parker

The mother of Williain Parker, the great
great-wreat paternal grandmother of Miss
Parker is concerned in one of the Indian roe
mances previous to the Revolutionary War,
4 party of the Senecas captured a young whi'e
family who, became

as one of them During a_treaty trip to Fort
Niawara she met a Utled Freneh officer who,
infatuated with her beauty,  clandestinely
took her as his wife. Enraged at this alliance,
the Indians stole her “from her husband, wt

was atterward killed in batile, and returne

ler to their camp, where her daughter, the
child of the Frenchman, was afterward born
As soon as possible after the birth ar this child

woman of the Slocum

 
 

 

  

 
 

in an endeaver to search for ber own tamug
the mother escaped trom captivity, tabing the
daughter with ber She wi ertaken by
the Indians, the etuld w taken fro “cand
one of her captors escorted ber tat relanves
near Philadedplia Pius child, reared ty the
Renecas and not knowing her porentage, wa
eventually marned to an chief be |
from her descended t apa “ n
each of tt comming ' shave heen
distingulisehe imone r people

The great-grandfrther Mies Parker,
William Parker, a soiunteer in the American
Ariay during the \ f ist2, was ee riously
wounded at the Bet Chippewa Her
grandfather, Nienoleon Parker, wes a graduate

of a college at Albuns lier great-ecrele, Gen,
Rly S. Parker, the foremest Indian of lis generate
of Gen. Grant

  
 

   
 

tion, WAS the jlacy secretar
during the Civil War

The father of Miss Parker ie new in. the
freight audiuors department he New York
Central iociroawd ier ane say ovhite woman
of Seoteh  deseert Her brether, Arthur
Parker, having by assceatea Wb the New
York Central for a tines, x inthe Dieckine

 

son serninary, a) Wiliiamspert, Pa, preparin
for a colle course before enieritg the ¢ hure
ana clergyman of the Methodist faith Her
saternal uncle, Sherman Parker, was admitted
BR Hamilton College when 18 years of age

Mise Parker was graduated from @ eem
mercial college. She is 1@ years_old.

Se