QUEER PORTO RICAN WAYS.

ALL TAB ISLAND TOrSY reavr iy THe
AMERICAN'A EYEA.

he Macks of the Hanses Renity in Froat All

Window Traditions Vietated = Natives
Penniless and appr Clothes = Motied
tn the Wash . Haliding Downward.

10. Torte Iiee

nrovo, Porta Rico, Now
fe oan rernarkable for what itt not, but miaht
be It te an ieland of negation Ite people
should be marked with minus signa, Ite lawa,
custome and manners are the opposite of every

thing In the American coda
Everything upon the island te the reanit of

a struggle againat nature and natural meothoda, |

from the mountaina whose broken peaks tell
of the eruption which left them high above
the sea to the peorest little razorback pla,
which for @enerations has been struggling to
be a real hog; from the men who were once
straight bred Indians, negroes or Bpaniarda,
and are now all three, to the little, inoh-through
Qoratoes which would be ruddy, succulent
fruit if they had the least encouragement.

The mountains alone seem to have finished
their struggle. The other elements are etill
in the throes, Everything on the island {es
done in the wrong way. In order to do any-
thing right {t must be done wrong. What
eerrn to be the fronts of the city houses are
really the backs. The backs of the houses,
which are the real fronta, are in the front yard
which i« at the back, and the fronts of the
houses, which are really the backs, face the
alley which ts called a street.

The front yard in the back usually contains
what is called a garden, This garden is paved
with bricks or flat stones and variety is gained
by making raised concrete circles or squares
in each of which 1s placed a litde hump of
dirt, and from the hump grows @ bush or shmib
Qe juxuriantly as the secant nutriment and the
reflecied heat from the brick pavement will
permit. There is never a spear of grass or an
inch of lawn. Among the wealthier people
asphalt is coming into favor for the garden
It is maintained that asphalt retains the heat
longer than brick, and is, therefore, more de
sirable for the purposes of gardening, but
bricks, for their #: cller cost, will probably
remain the favored material for some time,

The windows of the houses to this island
violate all the traditivnal reasons for the @s-
tablishment and existence of openings In the
walls of dwellings for purposes of Ught and
ventilation There are no glazed windows.
A few rich men have glass In the front doors
of their houses, but it is merely @ decorative
matter and indicates opulence. The matter
of ight and air has been the subject of earnest
consideration on the part of the municipal
suthorities, Every municipality has its of-
ficial architect who supervises the construction
of all buildiugs and issues all building per-
mits He seas that all the laws are strictly
complied with, and the laws have been care-
fully framed with a view to vompelling all the
city buildings to have plenty of light and air

The ingenuity with which the laws have been |

framed is equalled only by the ingenulty with
which they have been nullified

It is provided by law that the cefling of

every house shall not be less than thirteen feet
high and that each house shall have an open
court yard one quarter the size of the build-
ing. The airiness thus obtained Is offeet by
the manner in which the bullding {s constructed.
Next to the open court is built along hall. In
the rooms which open from this hall there are
no windows. The rooms are without ventila-
tion except what comes through the door.
They are, therefore, most delightful for sleep-
ing: an absolutely close room {is esteemed @
great luxury in a land where 66 degrees Fahr-
enheit is ioy winter weather.
ple who are unable to shut the alr completely
out of their iiserable shacks eswathe their
heads in blankets when they sleep

ihe window novelty has caused much dis

elussion among the Americans and the argu-
ments caused by the Porto Rican habit of keep-
ing the front shutters closed when the wind
blows have been heated and frequent. One
prying Americano attempted to secure posi-
tive information and put @ mild native to the
torture in this manner:

“Say, Spigeoti, why don’t you have windows
in those rooms opening off the hall?”

“The law forbids,” replied the native.

“Forbids what?”

“Having the window.”

"Why?"

The native shrugged his shoulders.

“Why does it forbid having windows, Spig-
@oti?” persisted the American.

“Oh, I don't know, It's an old law.”

“But why is it law? What ie it to prewent?*

“We might get through the windows on our
peighbor's property.”

“Well, what if you did?
the property?”

“I don't know. I suppose they might not
Uke it, eh’*

“Ain't you honest?*

“I think so; yee”

“'Yes; I don't think,’ you mean, If you've
@ot such a fool law, why didn’t you build the
hall on the dark side?"

*Oh, I don't know.”

“You don't know, eh? I guess that’s no
Jest. If you'd put the rooms on this side and
the hal) on the other you'd have got light and
breeze, wouldn't you?”

“Yea, I suppose so.*

“Why didn't you do fe then? Is wonldnt
have cost any mere.”

“I never caw one built that way.°
€ “Den't you Like light?"

“Not to sleep in.”

"Don't you like air?”

“The night air—~you people of the north
don't know what itis. It is eo damp and cold,
it gives what you cal) the pneumonia It ie
very bad—boo-o-e-,” and the native shivered
atthe thought.

“Then you like to sleep cooped up tn those
dark kennels, de you?"

“The rooms yousee, those we like.”

The law which forbids windows that open
toward or upon the adjoining property is so
etrictly enforced that a man who owned two lots
and built on one of them was forbidden to put
windows on the side of the house which was
Bext to his other lot. The city architect, who
was backed by that dominant and august
personage, the Aloalde, said that some day the
lot might be sold and the new owner might
object to the windewn. It so happened that
the builder was an American who proceeded
to make the windows despite the warning.
Thereupon the Alealde sent a dozen little police-
men who carried pistols in one hand and extra
Qmrnunition ip the ether, The windows were
Bot made.

In addition to the necessity of doing every-
thing wrong in order to bave it right, it is essen-
tial to do things backward, to select the longest
way round, to find thejmont difficult and iabort-
ours mothod. All these things are done by the
Porto Ricans with invariable regularity. The
Porto Rican boatman rowe with his face to

Would you harm

the bow, in order that he may the better see |

where he is going, he says. The lighters used
for unloading ships are propelled stern first,
although they have prows. Bricks and mortar
and charcoal are carried in bags and the use
of whee!barrows isiimited toa few of the cities
A Porto Nico gentieman beckons to tis servant
to come to him by making a gesture which
Means exactly the opposite to the Ameriean
The dogs wag their wils upand down, and the
truth isa lie or a lie the truth, according to the
demends of the instant

The washerwomen do everything calculated
hot to make the clothes clean. There is a vast
@mount of Washing done in comparison with
the visible results. At every stream every
day dozens of women may be seen washing
clothes There is no hotter water in Porte
Rico than the sun can make, and the creeks
and streams where the washing is done are
hever very and in the rainy season
they are A rough rock serves as
@ Wash bourd, and when the clothes have been
rubbed tull of heles on this they are placed
On & smoother rock and pounded with another
stone until shredded. The most desirable
@lothesiine is « barbed wire fence, but if one

clean

very dirty

The poor peo- |

 
 

  

cannot be found a atone wail of 0 hed@e will
do, There te nota rope clotheaire to be found
in Porte Meo
The men, expectally those of (he lower clase
are apt to be idie and lagy and to! ae around
the house while the women wor) Ihe women
and children have the priviiewe of joine ther
| ewn farming, bewwing, stenting and vending
| They are hanpy, contented and hinery when
they have vo money and they are ve hunary,
happy and contented when they have money
In fot, they never have money If they need
| a dollar and they can get it by working one
, day, they wlll work one day If they met 60
centa a day, they will work twodave Contact
with the Americans haa aroused their cupldity
but has not etiinulated their activity, and they
think now that one day's effort should be as
productive as two were formerly The Ameri-
| ean occupation and the enhanced purchasing
pewer of the money has, therefore, reduced
the necearity for working one-half

The men gamble when they have a few cent.
and they always lose, All of thern lose. How
they are all successful in thie direction fe one
of the unexplained mysteries, but they all @o
broke and they are all happy in their perennial
poverty and content to absorb malarial plas-
modia and euck sugarcane

“lL ehould say this country waa upside down, *
exclaimed a young American builder and con-
tractor who came down from Philadelphia to
erect a four-story #teel frame building in San
Juan for a wealthy Porto Rican. This young
| builder wants to make a success In the island
and contemplates taking up his permanent
reaidence here tf business will warrant it.

"Il wanted this building of mine to attract
attention,” he continued “In order to do this
I had practically decided to build the walls
from the top downward. 1 consulted the man
for whom I was doing the work.

“When the etec! frame is up,’ I eald to him,
‘we will begin to lay brick at the second story.’
Then I watched to see what effect the remark
would have on him

“ He didn't seem surprised [n the least,

“It might be better to begin at the third
atory,’ he replied ‘Sometimes we begin at
the top.’

“What's that?’ I cried.

* ‘Sometimes, he said, ‘we begin at the very
top,’ and he seemed to regard it as a very or-

dinary thing to do.
| **I'd like to know how you do ft,’ I fairly
shouted. ‘There isn't a steel frame building
| in Porto Rico.”
*‘l know that,’ he answered calmly, ‘But
{t {a generally cheaper to build from the top
| down We ‘most always do it.’
“Then we'll begin at the bottom this time,’
| IT waid, T have tried to find out since,” cone
tinued the builder, “whether that native was

kidding me, but natives never Joke. They
take everything seriously--including them-
selves,”

|

ENGLAND MAY BUY OUT MARCONI.

General, Post Office Said to Have Agreed to
Take His Wirciess Telegraphy System.

Lonpon, Noy. 10.—The General Post Office
{s said to have taken over the Marconi system
of wireless telegraphy. If this should prove
a0, nobody but the Goverment will have the
legal) right to operate that method. The state-
| ment is not confirmed vet, but an expert com-
{ mission of the Postal Department is preparing
| @ report on the question of its adoption.
Whether this will result In a revolution in
telegraphy here, or is merely a Governmental
safecuard, remains to be seen. Under acts
| of Parilament the Post Office authorities have
| the monopoly of telegraphy throughout Great

 

 

Britain and Lreland. They could prevent Mr

Marecont or anybody else from operating their
+ own methods on business lines. Very probably
the report now being prepared will be made
the basia for offering a lump sum of public
money for the wireless method. The National
Telephone Company holds an exclusive license
from, the Government, but It has not been
found to work well and will not be renewed.

The Post Office Commission ts negotiating
with France and Belgium on the attitude to be
adopted in event ef purchase.

The Marooni systern was tested twice this
week during stormy weatler from the Dover-
Ostend packet boat to and from points on the
English and Belgian coast. The Princess
Clementine, the packet, made the voyage from
Dover tn about four bours, going head to wind.
The Marconi apparatus was bulit up above the
mast. Throughout the tempestuous voyage
the communication with the coast was perfect,
and quite a number of messages were trans-
mitted for passengers. One message was re-
ceived on board from Brussels and delivered
to a paseenger. Among the messages was
one for Germany and one for (ilasgow,

Already the authorities hawe found the tn-
@tallations on board the Princess Clementine of
the greatest advantage. Twice tn the course
of the week the captain of the ship has been
warned from the shore of the approach of fog,
and has regulated his speed accordingly, so as
to avold undue delay, More than tint, he
was able to calculate and report toa nicety the
time his vessel would reach the port of Ostend,

The British Government, to protect ts riglta,
wil] not permit a wireless message to he sent
or received within three miles of the Engiish
shore. Some Belgian telegraphers are being
instructed in the Maroon! system on board
the Princess Clementine and on shore,

When a reporter asked Mr. Marconi recently
if he hoped soon te communicate with America
the inventor smiled as if to mean that trane-
oceanio wireless telegraphy {a etill very much
in the air. But it has been shown to be a good
thing en land and privacy of communication
has been established. Every town and vil-
lage in the eountry might have I's “wireless”
recefvora and transmitters. The number of
“lines” that can be worked simultaneously ts
only Hmited by the number of instruments,
The wireless aystem would abolish blocks
on the line; business would be tmmensely cheap-
ened, for the cost of inataliing the system ia
the cost of buying transmittera. Mr. Marconi
recegnizes the difficulty of arranging for the
adoption of hls method and the reason for the
Government's delay of many months in mak-
ing a decisive settlement. The Government
has to safeguard itself against purchasing
something which has no exclusive patent valine.
Evervbody knows that there are several meth-
ods of wireluss telegraphy, and if Mr. Mareont's
ia to be purchased a precedent is created which
might make the adapter and modifier of in-
ventions an expensive national nuisance. A
correspondent who was a telegraph operator

in the General Post Office writes ns follows
againeat the adontion of Mareani’s evetem
“Tt Ie suggested thet the British Post Offica
conld not avail itself of wireless telegranhy
without Infringing Mareoni's patents, that
there [a some doubt as to the Post Office mon-
opoly ertending to the new erstem and that {n
order to make things comfortable all round
her Malesty’s Postmaster-CGleneral, acting on
the advice of a denartmental committee, hae
decided to buv out Mareoni with a lerea sum
of money Ilias quite true that a denartmental
committes of the Post OMce has heen making
j tnauiries Into theanbiect of wireless telecranhy,
but ther aleao have been making exneriments
which have demonstrated that Mareonl hae
ho mononoly of thar svateny and if they should
as renerted, recommend the purchase of any
Partioular achame or system they will have
made a blunder worthy to rank with that com.
tuitted in 1870 when the Post Offiee was barmn-
boozied Into giving three times as much for
the than existing telegranh «vetem, owned by
Private companies, as it was worth There are
at least half a dozen wireless telegraphy schemes
in the market and the engineers of the Post
Office also have one by which they are under-
Sood to set wrest store
“As for the Post OMce mononolv, there t«
n whatever forthe doubt The Postal
haet of 1868 is nerfeetly clear in wiving
stmaster-Gieneral the exelusive right to
saf communication by meine of electric.
Therefore, no systern of wireless teleg-

 

 

    

   
  

its
raphy can be onerated in this eountry withont
the vermission of the Post Office, with which

{it will compete, and without the nayment of
charges in the shane of rovalties, licenses and
fo forth, whieh have already ernshed many
| 4 promising enterprise in its birth and which
at this moment weigh heavily upon others
It may. in faet, be assumed that no private
corporation will be allowed to set up in anno.
|

 

sion to her Malesty's Postmaster-General
fn the transmission of telegrame excent upon
terns which if would be imnossible to accent
If Mareoni’s svstem has been purchased by
the Government, that Inventor's good fortune
Trust be set te the credit of his patron and
friend, Sir William Preece, who, althoug

ne nan Srtired from {he ay of engineer in chie!

» the Pos su) consulti i
to that departmenf,” —_—— Se

| States, who wlait the far

SS

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

'

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

 
  

KEEN ESQUIMAU TRADERS.

NATIVES OF ALASKA SHREWD AT MAR-
ING A BARGAIN,

Ther Wave Fars and trory to Fachange for
Supptics of Great Vaine to Them The
Trade Very Profitable to the White Men

Nnsiness Done of the One Price Plan,

Pont Chanence, Alaska, Qet) 16@— Through
Increasing contact with white men from the
North every summer
the Faquimause of aretic and aubearctic Alaska
have become traders of #reat shrewdness and
ability. Ttoan never be said that an Peyuimau
ever gotmoreinatrade than he aave he weually
gete much less The law of supply and de-
mand is tiniversal, however, and the native Is
glad to give articles which are of great value
In the markets of the United States In exchange
for cheap things which to him are rare and
useful and, therefore, valuable

The Faquimau is not to be regarded as a
savage, for he is far from it A trader might
bring a shipload of looking glasses and alitter-
ing beads to this coast, and at the end of the
short summer senson he would have no hear
skins, no fox skins, no ivory, but he would
know more about the Faquimau character
Articles more useful are demanded. Not a
few men who have failed in the gold fields this
year have conceived the idea that there is money
to be made in trading with the natives, and at
least one expedition for this purpose was fitted
out this year and others are promised for next
season. They will probably make another
failure. The slender population on these coasts
{s every year becoming stnaller and the supply
of furs and other articles formerly brought out
for trade by the natives is decreasing.

Nevertheless, to return to the statement made
at the beginning, the natives becorne more adept
in trading as years go by. They are the
Yankees of the far North, even tif they do have
the complexions of Indians and many of the
chief characteristics of the Japanese. Only
in comparatively recent years have whaling
ships penetrated to any extentin to the waters of
Arctic Alaaka. Owing to the wholesale slaughter
of whales tn the north Pacific the catch became
emaller and smaller each year until ships
entered Behring Sea every year in consider-
able numbers. The alaughter of whales being
transferred (o these waters and resulting
in depletion, the whaling ships entered the
Arctic Ocean in search of the bowhead.

The whaling men are the great traders of
the region north and west of this port. Whales
fre sometinves scarce and the whalers are glad
to add to the precarious profits of a season's
eatch by trading for furs and other products
of the country There are native settlements
on the coast of northern Alaska and on the
islands of Behring Sea where not more than
one ship is seen in the course of a year At
other places three or four vessels call during
the short season of navigation The Bear,
the steam barkentine ernployed for years in the
Kevenue Cutter Service on the Arctio cruise,
is usually one of these vessels

Sickness aimong the natives throughout this
coast last summer was distinetly injurious to
what the whalers call trade. At some settle
ments the natives were too sick to come out
to the ships in their boats and in some cases
they were so poor that they had nothing to
barter, During @ visit to Cape York, Cape
Prince of Wales, ley Cape, Point Barrow, King
Island, St Lawrence Island and several points
on the Biberian coast this summer the best
possible opportunity was had to see how the
native trades as compared with the methods
of a lew yearsago. There was sickness on the
islands, but above Behring Stralt on the maine
land the health of the Esquimaux was good.

Every whaling vessel carries its stock of
trade goods on a@ northern cruise and even
the officers on the Bear, though in the service
of the Government, are allowed to take along
@ limited quantity. In the case of Govern-
ment officers, the trading is not carried on for
profit, but for the purpose of obtaining relics
of the country and articles of personal use.

The trade goods of a whaling ship consist
of a pretty definite list of aritcles, and change
litde from year to year. The Esquimaur'’s
wante are few and he knows little of the lux-
uries of civilization The list includes flour
in bags, cloth, tea, sugar, tobacco,hard bread
or sea biscuits, cartridges, or needles and thread
The native has to offer in exchange mukloks,
or walrus hide boots, fox ekins, walrus ivory,
bear skins, deer skins, ivory buttons and vari-
ous native implementsand devices priged by
white men as curios. It is interesting to find
that different Esquimau settlements are head-
quarters for different articles comprised in this
emall list. For example, if a whaler wants to
trade for buttons he a+ks for them at St Law-
rence Island, for the natives at Northwest Cape
are farnous as makers of ivory buttons King
Island {s the best place of all to trade for the
curiousivory pipes found only in this part of the
world, and if a visitor is so ambitious as to wish
to carry a kyak, or emall native boat, back to
the United States with him, he had better make
his trade with one of the little native colony
on this same island) For deer skins go to the
Siberian coast or to Port Clarence: for fox skins
to Kotzebue Sound: for brown and polar bear
skins to any of the Esquimau settlements north
of Behring Strait on the shores of the Arctio

Bear skins were scares this summer, for
what reason no one steers able to explain
Nearly every summer it ls possible to find
several of these benutiful white pelta at the
three or four principal settlements between
Cape Prince of Wales and Point Barrow. Every
year, too, the Fequ'mau seems to be disposed
to demand a litle higher urice for his skins
They are eradually getting a vague idea of the
market value of these things in the United
States, or, to speak more accurately, they are
learning how badly the white tan wants the
things the native man has te trade. Never-
theless, it i¢ usually possible to buy on the
Arctic coast a fine polar bear ekin worth ceveral
hundred dollars in New York or Boston for
three or four srvall sacks of flour, two or three
eases of hard biesd and afew cartridges if
you make the trade on these terms rou have
paid from $15 to $20 for tho skin Frequently
it is possible to buy apolar hear skin for less
than $15. it le hard to say what the average
price really is.

The visit of a whaling ship to one of these
Dative setiiemenis always excites interest
among the Esquimaux very much like that felt
by the merchants in a small city when the
circus comes lo town, st isa holiday and a day
for profitable enterprise, both in one. A ship
is sighted by keen native eyes as smon as 4
tew inches of her topmst shows, a mere «peck
above the horizon and the village becomes
a place of ereat activity, Boots or mukioks
made during the winter with soles of walrus
hide and tops of hair-senl or deer skin are broucht
out, with walrus tusks, ivery buttona carved
fa the form of seals, low ekins, hear skins and
a large collection of miscellaneous curios whieh
the white traders may fancy. The Esquimaux
think all white inen are erezy. This is averred
Ly all whites who know the Maquimau language
and overhour the natives’ conversation, They
have been in ne jand but their own and they
cannot nnderstand why while men should
dig in the ground for gold and do other queer
things nnless they are the victims of unbal-
anced minds

As soon o6 the ship drops anchor the natives
are seen eonming olf in their oumuaks and
Kyaks, ren, women and enildren, the whole
ponulation, Nearly every ono of them has a
poke or sort of pouch made of the whole skin
ef a hair seal sling over his shoulder. In these
are contained the furs and ivory and boots
tnat they Wish to trade. Nearly every one
of them Las a paddle which he wields vigor-
ously in his cawernos€ to reach the ship. There
is a great deal of shouting and jabbering aud
laughing, for ihe Esquimau is always merry,
and his seuse oi humor is the worder of ¥ hite
men’ A sailor throws a line from the whaler's
afterdeckh, ond in a morient short, fat, smil-
ing Pequimau men, women, bovs and giris
are rolling up over the sides of the ship. The
whaling men then bring up their wade goods
and the berter begins

The Esquimau in nine cases outof ten assumes
the position of the buyer; the whaler is the
storekeeper or merchant. The native asks

 

| wishes

 

|
|

| Civilization yearn madly

for what he wants, and the ehating man, if
he hae tt, produces It and ashe the native what
he has to offer in return lhe proces
more interesting when the white man appears
in the rAle of bueer and the native in that of
In that case, supposing the white
man seea a pair of boote whloh he partioularl
to converaation something
like this takes place, the white man beeinning
the conversation

"What you want?”

“Calico,” replies the native, using the one
word by whieh Keqnimaua have learned to
deseribe ali kinds of cloth of whatever char-
acter

Capetnl (how much! ealleo®” aske the buyer

The native holds up four fingers, Including
the thumb, for if an Eaquiman holds up one

elorekee per

obtal n

LITTLE LOCOMOTIVES.

FINE MODEL MACHINES, COSTING HUN-
PREDS OF DOLLARS

| Pretty Fine Tor Engine Some of Them Worked

or more fingers to denote a number, one of |

these is the thumb. A white man doesn't do
it that way

“Fathom,” replies the nat! ve, the accompany-
Ing use of the fingers denoting four fathona,

If the white man agrees to the trade he mens-
urea off the cloth, extending both arms as far
as they will reach for the purpose of drawing
the cloth across his chin. Then the native takes
it and stuffs it into his sealskin poke, The
cloth Is probably blue jeans or denim, or ft
may be some print cloth costing five cents a
yard in the United States, which is vasUy pleas-
Ing to the Esquimau women and girls, Natives
of both sexes cover up really beautiful rein-
deer skin parkles or Esquimau coats with shirts
made from blue denim or calico

When the native named four fathoms as his

br Steam, Some by Clockwork, and Some by
Plectricity on the Third- Hall System. Toy
Ralirond Fanipment in Great
Model locomotives completa, or parte with
Which such locomotives may be bulll, are now.
adays sold in such numbers that the produc-
tion constitutes @ bratich of manufacture by
itself. The locomotives are made in four etan-
dard sizes, of which the three amalier are those
more commonly sold. The largest of all ts
us likely to be seld for business uses as for the
purposes of a mode!
No. 1, the smallest of them, hasa length over
all, engine and tank, of thirty-nine tnches,

| runs ona track of three anda half inches gauge,

price for the walrus hide boote, the white man |

knew that no better terms could be obtained.
{s positively and invariably useless to try to
beat down the native's price; he may want the
calico very badly, but he will not reduce tho
price of his boots.
fathoms of calico, back the boots go into the
poke unti] another customer appears.

Offer a native a price which to him ts ridlce-
ulously low for his goods and de will probably
laugh at you. He seems to think it Is a good
joke and that you really cannot mean to be
serious. At the price of four fathoms of calico
for one pair of mukloks, which is a pretty low
figure, the profit to the whaler ts enormous
Esquimau mukloks are the best kind of foot-
wear for the region in which the Fsquimau
lives and thousands of white men In the Alaska
mining camps and on the trails throughout
the territory wear them in winter.
cost $64 pairat Nome, seventy-five miles from
here.
a vard

At St. Lawrence Island there !s always a
great supply of buttons. Formerly the custom
was to carve therm almost exclusively In the
form of seals. Now they make them tn all

It |

If he can't get his four |

and is of three-elghths of a horse power. It
issoldfor $100 No 2 te of half a horse power
and fifty-eight Inches over all, runs on a track
of five and a quarter inches gauge, and sella for
$150. No. 3isof one horse power, and seventy -
elght inches over all, runs on a seven-inch track,
and seils for $250. No, 4, of two and a half
horse power, ia 198 inches in length over all,
runs on a track of twelve inches gauge, and
is sold for $500

These are all copies of a heavy parsenger
locomotive of modern type, and made to
scale. They are complete working locomo-
tivesin miniature. There is also made a model
locomotive engine of the type used on the ele-
vated railroad in this city. It is twenty-six
inches in length over all and sells for $60.

The model locomotive, handsomely nickel-
plated, is sometimes sold to be placed in the
office of some railroad company. Inventors
buy these locomotives upon which to display

| to the best advantage new and tmproved ap-

pliances; and, sometimes, for the better illus

, tration of improvements in track equipments,

as in frogs and switches, the model locomo-
tion is shown in motion Technical schools
buy them to illustrate the valve motions
Youths about to take up the study of mechani-
cal engineering buy them, as do young men
already engaged in such study or just @rad-
uated from it, as a practical ald in their pursuit

\of knowledge of the mechanisms involved.

Mukloks |

Calico, even at Nome, is only 15 cents |

shapes trnaginable, and some of them are deco- |

rated with colored spots and with carved and
colored heads of birds and walruses. A little
Esquimau boy who had carved some buttons
rudely from a piece of ivory came on board
a ship at St. Lawrence Island this summer
with an oumiak full of men and women from
the settlement at Northwest Cape. He asked
everybody on the ship for a colored pencil,
making his wants known by producing a tiny
piece of red crayon pencil which he must have
obtained from some whaler a year and per-
haps two years before, He seemed to want
a colored pencil far more than most white boys
want a bicycle, but there wasn't a pencil to
be found on the ship. Apparently the boy
wanted to use the crayon mixed with water or
eeai oil for coloring the carved spots and
images on buttons and walrus tusks.

of natives .s found. They are in some cases
nomadic and move about from place to place
very frequently. But they are rich in the
possession of large herds of reindeer. The
Government has bought some of these in the
last few years for the purpose of establishing
reindeer stations along the coast on the Ameri-
can side. A reindeer skin can be obtained
over onthe Siberian side for three or four yards
of calico or for a few pieces of hard bread.

lt cannot be said that the contact with white
men is of very much benefit to the Esquimaux
on either side of the Behring Sea; in many
respects It is distinctly harmful. The laws
egainst liquor selling among the natives are

very strictly enforced, but the whalers do some- |

times evade {t, and mischief always resulta.
Even if liquor is not sold to the natives they
are very likely to make an aleoholio drink
from flour and @ugar obtained in trade, and
the consequences are harmful. Left alone,
the natives on the American side are happy
and contented with a lot which might be far
worse, which white men are not improving.

ALASKA'S ONLY TRAIN BOY.

The Youngster Is on the Kiondike Limited
and Rates Are High.

From the Chicago Tribune,

The old query as to whether or not you would
like to be the tceman will be rapidly forgotten
as soon 48 wong writers and balladists learn
about the train boy im Alaska. There is a
train boy in Alaska. Just one. Or rather
there was a few weeks ago, but by this time
he may be somewhere in the Mediterranean
on his private yacht blowing rings from his
fifty-cent cigars, and swearing at his $5,000-a-

Such engines are sold to be given away, as for
insuince by some generous giver to a boy or
young man who was interested in locomotives
Such an engine as the No 8 has been put to
actual use in the operation of a railroad in a
back yard and hauls little cars carrying chil-
dren. Ina large room in a house, here in the
city, there has been put down a miniature rail-
road syxtem, tracks and switches and #o on,
upon which a model locomotive ts operated;
in this case, however, not for amusement but
for purposes of experiment and observation:
this {installation having been made, as all
changes in it from time to time are, by the ex-
perimenter

But while the number of model locomotives
sold complete is considerable, there are sold
more paris from which like locomotives may
he constructed. These parts are sold In the
rouch, to be worked up and finished by the
person who thus devotes himself to the build-
ing of a locomotive. They are furnished for
all the different sizes of engines
any set of parts is of course very much less
than that of the finished engine. The total

) number of parts supplied in a set for the engine

of the smallest size is upward of 150 Including

leuch things as cylinders and pistons, slide
Over on the Siberian coast a different class |
| rocker boxes, links and link lifters, tumbling

valves and valve stems, knuckle joints and

shaft and reverse lever, truck frame and centre
bearing, and eccentrics, connecting rods, stde
rods, headlight, smokestack, bell, sand box,
and so on. The diameter of this engine's
eviinders ts *{ of an inch, stroke of eyilnders
1%, inches. The diameter of the driving wheels

{fs 4°, Inches, and of the truck wheels 1% Inches
Length of bollers 17 Inches, diameter 3%
inches; heleht of stack above rails 9* inches.

The castings for various parts of these en-
gines, such as eylinders, steam chests, main
frames, tall plece and wheels, are supplied tn
brass, in fron, and in aluminum alloy, as may
be preferred: the other parts being of brass
or iron or of steel. For the use to whieh it is,

| here put the aluminum alloy ts well adapted

year sailing master because he cannot whistle |

up a breeze.
Think of being the only train boy on a rall-

road that brings miners with thousands and

thousands of doliars’ worth of gold out of the
@reatest mining camp in the world. There
is only one railroad to Alaska—thatis the White
Pass and Yukon Railroad. On that railroad
there is a train called the Klondike Limited
The Klondike Limited! Isn't the sound
of that name enough to make a common candy
butcher on the run between Peoria and Ia-
fayette, Ind., stick bis head into his basket
of salted peanuts and strangle himself to death?
For there is 4 trainboy on the Klondike Lim-
ited. On tie Kiondike Limited, that brings
prospectors and miners and adventurers
weighted down with golden nuggeta back
to the States and civilization, and the girls
they left behind them, there is a candy butcher.

And all these prospectors and mine
adventurers on this Kiondike Limited =
bubbling over with joy that the days of their
exile are over, and that soon they will be back
to their boyhood homes again. Think of
turning loose @ candy butcher in such a crowd
a that. To quote another popular song
“It seems like a shame to take the money,”
The trainboy on the Klondike
like his brothers on the
in peanuts, candy, b

Limited
Kenosha local, deals
20ks, papers, and

vines, But more‘than that, he’ wells ‘ehirts
and collars and bright red neckties, He also

has a fuil line of whiskeys and plug tobace
and cicars of the finest cabbage elected teat,
The trainboy does not like to sell cigars, He
only gets 60 cents apiece for them, and they
cost lim 75 cents a hundred. He sells the
cigars to show he's a wood fellow. He didn't
originally fr in shirts and haberdashery
but he found that the miners returning {6
for a_“biled” shirt,
So alter he had sold the shirt off his back, too
gether with his collar and red necktie for $100
he decided to carry a stock of shirts and ties.

There are stringent restrictions in Alaska
in regard to selling whiskey, and so the train-
boy doesn't sell it. He gives it away, and lets
the man who drinks it tip him for his trouble
in pulling the cork If the man were to give
him a nugeet any emailer than the size of the
cork the trainboy would haughtily refuse to
let him buy any more clears, and would
cnaree him of jonet 08 for a two rmontns’ old
vewspaper, which he ordinarily ve :
for only $1.50 7 oe one

Then the trainboy sells plaving cards, and
the passengers are alweys wanting a game
He puts up the table, too, hands around the
matches, and, of course, a large and sub-
stantial “kitty” is maintained on one side of
the table for the sole sup ort of the obliging
trainboy If anybody ‘was to put a quarter
or a silver half dollar inte the “kitty” the train-
boy wouldn't be angry He uses those things
lo pay storekeepers fe~ fresh goods for his
next run

A Seattle newspaper man tnterviewed the
trainboy on the last t.p from Ainska. Quoth
the trainboy: “Am , it? Am 1? Say, ain't
la naughty boy? T know it's wrong to take
the money, but I need it in my business, and,
besides, as soon as ! get enough I'll buy the
railroad and give some other good deserving
boy a chance to fasten on to a little honest
money But $1 for a sack of peanuts. Say
that's a penitentiary offence in Illinois. But t
need the money ”

Stores, Offices, Lofts, or Property

all deacriptionwm, whether you them or

ve them to d of, make use of 1 Re SUN's
ewer igmns. A ®ScN reader will alwa

found ad ple tenant os eustomes.—

 

 

' for $7 60, that is made to fit a track

‘

| every description

6, of awitches.
; turn’ ,

on account of Its lightness, the ease with which
{t ean be worked In lathe or planer, and its hard-
ness and beauty of finfsh. Drivine wheels of
this material, for example, might be painted
as locomotive wheels would be, with thelr rims
left unpainted toe stand for the steel tires

Not everybody has the tools andthe machines
that would be required to finish all the several
parts of the engine, and people often, this of
course, adding something to their cost, get
more or less of the parts in a finished state,
ao that the fitting remaining to be done shall
be such as can be done with compara vely
few and simple tools) Most people vuy the
boiler complete, many get the evlinders bored,
the piston and rod fitted to eylinder, and so
on. Some buy many parts finished and some
only a few in that state: while some have one
thing finished and some another And some

take all the parts in the rough and work and
fit them wholly themselves In some cases
men have bad at home tools with which they
could do some of the work, and when they
came to other parts that they could not do
then they have hired in somebody's machine
shop the privilege of using such tools and ma-
chines as they might require for the time

All these locomotive builders find great en-
Joyment in their work, their greatest pleasure
coming, of course, upon the completion of it,
when they come to breathe the breath of life
into the locomotive in the form of steam

Of tov locomotives there is a great variety.
some operated by steam, some by mechanic
ower and some by electricity. There are
ov steam locomotives in half a dozen different
sizes and styles, ranging in price from &5 to
$1050. The largest of these is an engine meas-
uring, with tender included, about eighteen
inches in leneth. Nowadays in all the more
costly toy locomotive outfits, of whatever kind,
sore sort of track svstem, more or lese elab-
orate as to extent, is likely to be used, but thia
is not always the case Some of these steam
toy locomotives, for instance, are provided with
tracks to run upon, and some are not There
is no track sold a the steam locomotives
that sells at $1650 ‘This engine might be run
on a floor or other level suriace, but more
re, the bov interested enough in loeomo-
ives to buv such an engine as this, would cut
sleepers himself and lay down a track suitable
or the engine to run on. There is a steam
ocomotive made to sell with one car for $F,
that runs ona circular track of itsown Then
there is a steam locomotive and tender rold
of 2 inch
guage, such as is commonly sold now with
mechanical and electrical locomotives, On
this there can be hooked to it a great variety
of rolling stock that is made to run on trac
of that guage There is made to sell at &5,
a steam locomotive with tender, that
will run on a track of 18-inch guage, which
also is extensively used with mechanical
engines, Steam tov locomotives of such more
costly kinds as these are of comparatively
room introduction. There are wold in tov
ocomotives more of the mechanieal kind
actuated by clockwork These ean be readily
and easily operated and controlled by bovs
of any age Nowadays, however, some older
nove buy a steam tov locomotive, or perhaps
andi a steamer to their stock of mechanical!
locomotives

The mechanical locomotives of the more
expensive kinds can be reversed, by means
of a lever in the cab, so that they will run back-
ward as well as forward, and they have a brake
which can be made to set at any desired point
on the track. A mechanical locomotive of
this sort, measuring with its tender about
eighteen inches jn length, and running on a
track of two-inch guage sells, with two pas.
senger care and twenty-five feet of track with
switches. for $22, The next size smaller en-
gine of this kind, running on a one and three-
quarter inch track, sella with the same num-
ber of cars and the same track equipment, for
$i8. and the smallest of this sort of engine,
running on a track of one and a quarter inch
gauge selis, with two ears and twelve feet of
rack, for $875. The mechanical locomotives
and cars bere referred to are of American de-
sien, Separate engines of the same design
but of heavier construction and with stronger
works, can be bought in the three sizes, for
locomotive and tender only, for $19, $8.59 and
$1.75, respectively. There are plenty of boys
in these days that own more than one locomo
tive. One boy that was heard of has got a
dozen, and he owns a hundred cars of one sort
and another” He has an expensive railroad
system laid down in his house, with many feet
of trackage, and including thirteen switches

Nowadays, in fact, there may be bought
not only toy locomotives and cars of the kinds
more familiar, but rolling stock of every kind
in use, and raflroad plant and equipment of
The track in all the several
auges mav be bought in full lengths, half

naths, and quarter lengths, and in curving
rections, There are suppli & number of
kinds of crosspieces and hal & dozen kinds

re’s @ roundhouse da

'
tions, hoth pasaen,
ear scales and car aheds, and slanal eet

Vartety. |

The cost of |

|
a week and pay their railroad fares every trip.
k to the Constitutional Convention of 1884 legislators

 
 

and @ates for erossings and various Kity

 

track signals, and there are bridges
and sy on. in fact, the railroad complete
« concerned that te of

nels,

Aa far ae the track
eas tisceptible of almost endless varia
tions the cirection of the track can be changed
at will, new sidings put in, new ewite
introduced new mileage added, and
| on the aid of eroas plecee And

and, with
| ewitches, (he track can be put dewn, in @ very
@reat variety on flauree Aw he adds to hie

system, the young rallroader establishes new
stations, and so on = He «tarts, perhaps, with
} an engine and the (wo passenger cars and th
comparatively shorttra k ayatem: he pute on
later a freight train, hauled by another en ing,
and gradually he adds gravel care, and of
cars, and various other sorte of freight cars,
and he get« a tool ear, a crane ob A plat-
form car, geta a snowplough for winter;
nd maybe pute in on the line block signals
ft is not customary for the bes going n for this
sort of railroading to buy the whole outfit at
once, he ls much more likely to buy a limited

rt of it at the outset, it keeps up his interest
o add something froin tinw to time to bis sell-
ing stock, or to his track or other equipment
and often relatives and friends make gifts of
these perme, taking care of course to give things
that the boy has not already got hese vari-
ous parts may be bought at any time, sin-
aie or in any number” A turntable for itn-

stance costa, for one and a quarter inch
gauge track, $1.60 for two-inch track,
8. Telegraph poles cost 25 cents each,

bridges cost from $1 each up, according to
j kind and elaborateness, und car scales cost
175, tunnels from $1.50 to $4.25, switches
| from $1.60 to $2.25, and so on A complete outfit
| for the No 2, or mediuma«ize, with the Ameri-
| can atvle locomotive and two cars as the be-
ginning, would cost about $70; for the No. 1,
or largest size, about $100. :

A locomotive with brake and reversinle
machinery, tender and four cars, two-inch
track gauge, this rolling stock, European in
design, sells with the same amount of track
and the aime number of «witches as @o with
the $22 outfit with cars of American design,
for $16.50. A locomotive with brake tender
and three ears, of European design, having
tracks with switches, one and three-quarter
inch guage, corresponding to the No. 2 American
outiit, is sold for $10; and an outfit with Euro-
vean-shaped rolling etock, corresponding to
he American-shaped train that is sold for
$48.75, is sold for $675. The various articles
that go to make a@ railroad avstem in minia-
ture are alike for both kinds of trains

The toy electrio locomotive is made by eub-
stituting for the clockwork in the American
etvle locomotive here described, an electric
mnotor, to which power is supplied, by the third
rail svetem, the third rail being here laid be-
tween the two track rails. The current in an
electrically lighted house is taken from the same
source that supplies the lights: where there
ie no such source a storage battery is used,
These electric locomotives are made in all
three sizes, and to run on tracks of the three
respective gauges, of the three American-shaped
cloek work locomotives, like which they are in

all particulars except in the substitution of
electric power for the power of a apring The
tracks for the electric locomotives with the

requisite third rail added, are supplied to {uat
the same extent and variety as those supplied
for the clockwork locomotives. The other
arts of the plant and equipment used with
hese locomotives, where a miniature railroad
svstem is established, the bridges, and etations,
and all the various cars, and so on, are the
same ag those used with the clockwock engines
of like sizes. The largest of these electrie loco-
motives, corresponding as to size with the
22 clockwork engine, is sold with the same
number of cars, and a lke amount of track
and number of switches, except that these are
equipped with the third rail, for 850: the middle
sive electric engine for $42, and the smailest
for $35. The initlal cost of locomotive and
tender, two cars, and a limited amount of traek-
age being, in the case of electric locomotives,
greater, would of course make a complete
outfit more costly, Thus a miniature railroad
| system and equipment complete, that with a
| $22 clockwork locomotive would cost $100,
would cost with the largest electric locomotives
| about $125.
But there are, in mechanical traina and
| locomotives, plenty that are cheaper than any
of those that have thus far been mentioned,
There can be bought, for example, made of
| lighter material, a mechanical locomotive,
| with three ears of American shane, and a track
with switches, for $4 a locomotive and tender
| and three cars of European shape, and an ov al
| track, for $375, a locomotive and tender, and
two cars, with a track having a crossplece,
for $2, and a locomotive with two cars and a
round track, for $1. And mechanical locomo-
tives without cars or track, may be found in
a variety of sizes, and at various prices, down
to 50 cents.

 

POLITICAL

Eugene Debs received more than 6,000 votes in
Chicago for President of the United States. Woolley,
the Prohibition candidate, who te a@ resident of Chi-
cago and for whom 4 large vote was expected by the
anti-canteen men, received 2,300,

Adiat F. Stevenson is the only surviving Viee
President of the United States. In Bloomington,
Il, on election day, in his home precinct, the vote
was) McKinley, 306; Bryan, 112.

NOTES,

 

‘These are eome of the elaima filed by colored per
eons against the city for damages for personal inju-
ries received through mob violence on Aug. 18: Bar-
rington Carter, $25,000; Floyd Wallace, $15,000; Besale
Welr, $15,000; John Weir, $15,000: Albert Saunders,
$15,000; Charles Sanders, $15,000; Robert Myrick,
$15,000; William Devon, $15,000

The new delegation to Congress from Pennsyl-
vania will consist of twenty-six Republicans and
four Democrats, a Republican gain of siz members,
the present delegation being composed of twenty
Republicans and ten Democrats. The four Demo-
erates elected are Mutchler, Eighth district; Green,

| Twenty-elghth district. The last three named are
present members, Mutchicr succeeds Barber, Dem-
ocrat, In the Lehigh Valley district,

No Gold Democrats in the next United States Senate.
And no Silverites among the Republicans, etther.

The new Preetdent of the Central Federation of
labor is a member of the Gotham Aasorctation of
Knife Cuttera, The Central Federation ts to keep
out of polities this year.

 

Some days before the recent election there was a
meeting at Pacific Hall in Fast Broadway to “over
throw the bosses who @ontrol the Demoeratic State
and city machinery.” A committee was appointed
to oppose Stanchfield, who carried the Fourth district
by 1,470. Bryan's plurality was 1377.

The proposition for a $500,000 bond tssue voted
on in Chicago on election day was defeated by 108,000
majority, the heartest majority ever polled against

any similar proposition submitted to voters of Cook |
| in other words, one not much larger than an

county.

By the last Congressional apportionment, follow-
ing the census of 1800, the basis of representation was
one member to 174,001 Inhabitants.

345 to 1 will be necessary this year to enable every |

State to retain In the House as many members as ‘t
now has. Any larger number would Involve cutting
off one each from representation of Nebraska, Vir-
cinta and Maine.

The Republicans have a large majority of both
brancues of the New York Legislature and are assured
of political control of at least one branch of It during
the two years of Gov. Odeli's term. The coming
session will probably be a long one, lasting perhaps
until May, and this will not be grateful news to legis-
lators who have to journey to and from Albany once

Prior

were able to travel on passes ‘The new constitution
makes |t a misdemeanor for a member of the Legisia
ture to travel on a pass. If he makes fifteen trips
between New York and Albany during the legislative
session his railroad bills amount to $90 and the State
allows bim only $30, so that he Is $60 out of pocket
The constitutional provision as to passes !s not held
to apply to parlor car and sleeping car accommoda-
tions

The Republican candidate for Senator tn the Tenth
district, Who withdrew before the election “and sup
ported his Tammany opponent, received 5,500 votes,

The Democrats of New Jersey are not easily daunted
They were beaten at the recent election by 56,000
Majority, but are already discussing the avallability
of various candidates for Governor, New Jersey be
Ing one of the States which elect a Governor nest year.
Liryan carried four New Jersey counties, Hudson,
Hunterdon, Sussex and Warren. In the last Senator
Johnston Cornish ts an aspirant for the nomination
Other candidates are F. F.C. Young of Jemey City
and Mayor Seymour of Newark,

Lucas L. Van Allen, the Republican nominee for
Senator in the Thirteenth district this year, preserved
a consistent record throughout the canvas He
registered and voted, but he made no campaign, at-
tended no meetings im his interest, delivered no
aperches, and as his statement of election expenses
fied in the County Clerk's of'ce on the day after elec-
tion showed, he expended no money either for postage
or other purposes,
but run

He was not nominated t win

 

Jacksonville, TH, is a small town, but it was not
disregarded when political nominations were made
in that State this year. ‘Ihe successful Republican
candidate for Governor, Mr. Yates, was from Jackson
ville. So were the Democratic candidate for State
Treasurer, the Socla! Democtatic candidate for Lieu
tenant-Governor &nd the Socialist nominee for the
same office. Jacksonville owes much of ite political

prominence te its centsa) geographica) position,

 

and freiaht. There are

and tun. |

= |

 

 

| about the temple and it was thoug

Ninth district; Polk, Seventeenth district; and Hall |

| of from three to five pounds.

A ratio of 194,- |

 
 

JUST SOCIABLE IDOLS,

KIP@UWER'S QUEER TENHTTF OW A
MOUNTAIN NEAR READING.

There He Keeps images of Ancient Gods, Deviie
and Modern Heroes Which He Made Him
self Me Doesn't Worship Them, ite
Maye bat Only Enjoys Thetr Company

Reapino, Pa, Nov. %&-— Willlam Klemter

a | who has achieved fame here as a maker ¢

idole and images, has moved his two hundred
or more specimens from the frame shed the
occupied to @ elone temple on the mountal
two tiles frem the city. He built the tempie
himself, being a stone mason

Klemmer is a Ponnsylvania German of about
00, has a wife and family and works dally at
his trade, At ulght be makes idols of clay,
cement, stone or wood, He talks intelligently,
goes to church, (6 a good cilizen, and hie only
pastime is in spending his evenings hours and
other spare time in contemplating his handi-
work and in the production of new idols

To have @ more secure place to keep them tn
he built on Mount Penn a rude house of stone
with walla two feet thick, The site ls a ravine
out of the way of men. The images are on
shelves or stand on the floor, He had too
many visitors at the frame shed in this city
where his idols were first stored, and this is one
of his principal reasons for removing them to
the mountain. He has been making {mages
for twenty years. He has not only idols of
mythology in his collection, but also images
of historical and loval characters. One of his
@Tav cement tmages, about two feet high, he
calla Napoleon. He has idols representing
Silence, Moloch, Satan, Mephistopheles, Dagon,
the fishgod of the Philistines, the idol of Jug-
gernaut, Apis, the calves of Bethel and Dan,Ahab,
an imitation of the Hindoo tdol Pulliar, and
many others of different sizes,from five inches
to three feet high. His taste leans toward the
ludicrous and hideous. He has only a few
female idols. Some of the images have been

; anointed with oil or crowned with wool, and

the spirit of some departed person is believed
to dwell therein

It is Known that Klemmer has passed entire
nights with these images of his creation. He
has very little w say about them. He does
explain, though, that if he wishes to put up
an image to represent anybody, natural or
unnatural, and to be in close commugion with
what il represents or is supposed to Pepresent
there is no harm in it, 6o long ashe does not
worship it as a god

One of his latest is an image of Dewey, but
that fell the other night and was broken just
as the Dewey arch b gan to come down.
That same night a mysterious light was seen
by hunters
the mountain Tabbit snares that

on settin

| the night worship of {dois had begun for the

winter season, but Klemmer was not there.
lt has since been learned that a lot of boys
broke into the temple and carried off two loads
of idols, The images were found by the police
in a shed on North Eleventh street, where the
| boys had started a temple on theirown account
lata cent a beep. This business was broken

up when the idels were carted back to Klem-

mer's temple on the mountain, All the stolen
| iinige® were returned exeept Napoleon.

His image of Silence is a gray cement idol
with a lot of straw stuffed in its mouth. Klen-
mer never refers to his ido'sunless he ts first
| questioned about them. He served warnirg
} on the desecrators of his temple that if they
; ever again committed any depredation they

would surely be troubled for life. He thinke

he has a right to have a stock of such images
and that the law must protect him in the en-

Jeyment of such property 6o lorg as he is guilty

ef nothing unlawful, His relatives look upon

Klemmer'’s pastime as entirely harmless,

POWER

 

 

OF SKILPUL ANGLING.

 

 

 

A 3880-Pound Fish Brought to Gaff by Mr.
Schenck of Brooklyn Unaided,

AVALON, Cal, Nov. 19--One of the most
remarkable angling tournaments on record
has just closed at this place, and Californians
are confronted by the fact that the champion-
ship has gone from California to Brooklyn,
N. Y, the “high hook" being a well-known
engier, Franklin 8. Schenck, who comes to
Banta Catalina every June and fishes until
the middle of September His accounts of his

| exploits have in the past caused so much good-

| matured banter at home that this year he had
the tournament of the Tuna Club. There
pictures were bound into one of the most in-
teresting collection of angling pictures ever
seen and he proposes to show the photographs
to doubters among his angling friends
The photographs tell the complete story
of fishing in the southern Californian islands
One shows a morning's catch of forty or fifty
| yellowtaila, a fish that ranges up to forty
pounds, the rod record being fifty pounds,
| taken by Col. C. P. Morehouse of Newport, ex-
President of the Tuna Club. Another shows
acatch of albicore and rock bass: a third tunas;
| but the chef d'euvre isa photograph of ‘a bass
which the angler took at the close of the sea,
| son and which brought him the championship
| of the world—a fish so gigantic and so powerful
& fighter, that the event will long be remem-
bered. The big catches which preceded this
were a black sea bass by F. V Rider of New
York, Secretary of the Tuna Club, and a 870.
pound bass taken by T. S Manning of the
Philadelphia Yacht Club. Mr Manning's cap-
ture was supposed to mean the limit of endur-
ance, the fish fighting the angler for hours
and towing his boat in such a heavy sea that
| more than once it was deemed advisable to
| east off and let {t go Jut then came Mr,
Schenck with a 880-pound fish
To the average reader these catches may
have little or no significance, as it would natu-
rally be assumed that so large a fish was hauled
in with tackle proportionate to its size and
fighting qualities: but every catch was made
in strict accordance with the Tuna Club rules,
that all fishing must be done with reds and a
line not larger than a 24-thread or strand line,

| &@ photograph taken of every day's catch during
|
|

ordinary black bass line used in taking fish
So skilfully
' did Mr Schenek play the 880-pound fish that
| he brought it to gaff in less than an hour, a
striking demonstration of what constitutes
jscientific angling and true sportsmanlike
methods Larger bass have been taken. Last
month a 600-pound black sea bass was caught
in the upper end of the Gulf of California, but
j it was taken with a heavy hand line and an
outfit that might have been used for sharks.

| Harry Bates landed a 405-pound bass at Santa
; Catalina, but he had the aid of a companion

and so lost the record, the rules demanding
that an angl r shall bring his fish to gaff un
aided, without breaking the rod

What may be termed the fall fishing at the
islands has been se geod that many members
of the Tuna Club are on the ground, and it
is proposed to have a winter tournament,
which will be appreciated by the Eastern ane
glers who cannot reach the coast in summer
At the present time the Bay of Avalon is teeme
ing with yellowtails, T. 8S, Manning recently,
brought in twenty in @ forenoon, the largest
fish weighing forty pounds. For such sport
some English anglers pay $4,000 or $5,000 a
season, thus securing a quarter of a mile or
eo of some salinon river with a few pools: and
a catch of a small number of fish running up
to twenty-eight or thirty pounds is considered
good sport. Seetch and English fishermen
have tried landing yellowtails on salmon tackle,
and found that it was, in most cases impose
sible, or if the fish was held, that it was a ques-
tion of hours of fighting. The fish is the ems
bodiment of the hard flehter, and never gives
up the fleht until itis aboard: and even tnea
the writer has seen a thirty-pound fish fling
itself out of the barrel and overboard to well-
earned iberty,

‘The dogged persistence of the tribe was
well illustrated at Avalon last season when
a yellowtail, estimated to weigh forty pounds,
took up its Station at the wharf and all day
long patrotied the ground just below the sure
face and not ten feet away The wharl was
lined with fisherinen provided with eod hand
hines and in one day this fish was looked seven
times, on each oecasion breaking the line by
skilfully entangling it, or by quick jerks
A fisherman took @ boy's line, the youngster
having hooked the fish previously and hav-
ing been nearly hauled overtoord by the vie
ciousness of the rush When the fish struck
the fisherman cave it line and it shot out 150
feet into the bay, ‘Then an attempt was made
to play it out by keeping it off shore but the
cunning fish realized that it was a losing game
and at once changed it tactics and came at
the wharf with great velocity, winding in and

out among the piles until the line was thor-
oughly entangled, then breaking it by @ vio-
lent jerk, to ar ten minutes later, the

vera] hooks and pieces of line ling frou

mouth and jaw like @ grotesque