——————-

             
              
      
   

  
 

 

      

WHITE VOTERS ALARMED.

RYORO DISFRANCHISEMENT FOL sn 70
WORK INJURI.

The Vote In Mississippt and Louteiana Falling
aon Becanse White Voters Will Not Pay
their Poll Tae Evil Resalte of the
Political Lethargy A Remedy Sought.

SpwOnteans, Nov. 23 The people of Louis
inna and Mississippi have awakened to the fact
that they have overdone the disfranchisement
of voters by the euffrawe limitations and quail-
fications incorporated in their Constitution

A marked reaction hasset in and the chances

 

are that the euffrage laws will be broadened
eo» as to bring in voters instead of shutung
then out, as the policy has been, AS A matter
of fact, Missiasippa at the election the other
day adopted an amendment to tte Constitu-

tion, which while it does not affect the suffrage
directly reaches it indirectly, and is in con-
flict with the spirit of its present Constitution,
which was framed especially for the disfran-
chisement of the negro voters
leans, at a conference of the Democratic lead-
era held on Nov. 19, a demand was made for @
p odification of the suffrage laws 60 @s to ene

courage voting instead of discouraging It It}
| well vinthett

was practically the unanimous opinion of those
present that the Louisiana Suffrage law is ob-
sectionable, that it will cut the vote at future
elections down to an absurd figure and that it
will prove injurious to the Democracy

 

In New Or- |

The complaints against the suffrage system |

in Mississippi are due to the discovery that
while it was intended to disfranchise the negro
ft is disfranchising the whitq voters also and
is placing the control of the State in the hands
of a minority, to the great disadvantage of the
property interests, and that it is threatening
the revenue of the public schools. The vote
of Mississippi for President was $9,103 Bryan,
81.706. McKinley, 6,752, and Barker, 1,644. The
vote for Congress, electing seven Congress-
men, was $i,
This ia a smaller vote than Mississippi cast in
1496, and- this is what the political leaders
and business inen do not like--there is every
indication that the vote will continue to de-
crease from election to election, In fine, the
law intended to disfranchise the negro vote
bas come home to roost and is disfranchising
the white voters also

    

8, or 7,177 to a Representative. |

Senator J. Z George of Misstssippl, who In- |
vented the Mississippi plan for disfranchizing |
the negro vote by a Constitutional provision, |

proposed that the illiterate negroes should be
disfranchized in the interest of
and good government, but his plan was at least
free from trickery, and the trouble into which
the South has run on the suffrage matter has
heen due to a departure from his methods

he illiterate negro ought to be disfranchized,”
“He is unfit for the suffrage; and a
But

he said
danger to good government 2

themselves +

he took |

he view that the educated negro would make |

a good cliizen, and his suffrage plan provided
that the State should assure to every negro
child in Mississippi an education, so as to fit
hin for the suffrage. He accordingly placed
in the Constitution which he framed a clause
which required the State of Mississippi to make
good any deticieney in funds to run the coun-
try schools for six months in each year, for
whites ayd blacks alike. The plan met with
many ob lections
the provision made for bringing the negroes
in as voters when they shoulu have learned
to read and write

The protection to white supremacy afforded
by our suffrage laws,” said one of them, “would
be only a temporary protection. In the courte
of time the negroes will be, thanks to the public
echools, in a majority among the voters and
will control our elections again. ‘There are
more negroes than whites in the State, more
negro children than white children in the public
schools, and, therefore, more prospective
negro voters being turned out than white.”

To this argument was due the incorporation
of the poll tax in the Mississippi euflrage clause
of the Copstitution, a provision which has
heen adopted in the suffrage system of Louis
fana and other disfranchising Southern States.
The poll tax clause is little heard of in the
discussion of the suffrage question in the
fouth, but as a matter of fact it kills more
voters than the section which requires voters
to know how to read and write. It is not exe
actly a disfranchizer however, merely a dis-
courager of votes, and it has succeeded far
better than its authors intended or desired,
for it is found to-day to be discouraging more
white than negro voters

In both Mississippi and Louisiana, in order
to vote, one must be able to read and write
and must have paid his poll tax for two years
previous to the election. To vote in the Presi-
dential election the other day a voter in Miss
issippi had to present his poll tax receipt for
$2 paid to the tax collector in 1808 and another
poll tax receipt for $2 for 1899 paid in that year
These payments must be made two years be-
fore the election, and must be by the voter
himself, for any one else or for any political
organization to pay or offer to pay @ poll tax
{ea rp isdemeanor

It was calculated, and rightly, that this pro-
Vision would have a discouraging effect upon
the negro voter who, because of his ability to
read and write, would otherwise be entitled to
the suffrage The negro is by nature and
environment careless and improvident To
ask him to pay $4 two years and one year in
advance of an election, when he is not sure
that he will be on hand to vote, is to ask him
to act contrary to all his nature and instincts
‘The poll tax plan worked exactly as its authors
expected The negroes did not careto pay $4
for a vote, when the vote was of so little value to
them. Had there been any political life in
Mississippi, any opposition to the Democracy,
it might have acted as a stimulant to those
negroes who enjoyed the franchise to make
eure of it by paying their poll taxes. but to
throw away this money—for the tax is a volun.
tary one, and the tax collector Coes not even
demand it-in order to vote for a forlorn
hope: or to find, as they generally found on
election day; that there was no Republenn
candidate in the fleld and only a choice be-
tween Populist and Democrats left was so dis-
heartening to negroes that the discourager had
its expected effect The negro voters ceased
to pay their po. taxes and disfranchized them-
eelves: the franchise was certainly not worth
the $4 it cost them, they all thought

So tar the poll tax clause worked exactly as
the inventors expected. The negroes being in
a hopeless minority ceased to par for the priv-
lege of being beaten, while the whites paid
their poll taxes with remarkable regularity, he-
ing held upto this by a sense of pride ]t was
regarded as discreditable for a white man to
disfranchise himself, when $4 would buy him
the franehtes  I'ad there been anv opposition
political party in Mississippi this condition of
affairs would probably hove continued indef-
nitely. For a tine the Populists threatened
Democratic sepreniacy, but Populism went to
pieces in Mississ.pri a few yoars ago, and as the
late election showed there are but 1,618 Top
ralists im all Missisecnr There being but one
politieal party in the State voting is loss im-
portant to-day than formerts WV}
voter asked, should he pay $4 for the privilece
of voting for the Democratic candidates in the
county or district when that candidate was cer-
tain of election. Whatever his vote, when, in all
probabillty, that candtale was without any
opposition and @ single vote would sufflee to
electhim? Witheotton at fourcents apound why
snould ne alive 100 pounds for the privilewe of
votre for Brewn or Tones, when the vote will do

 
  

 

iW, minhy a

nether them nor him the shehtest good and was
at best only an indication ot ! manhood and
political standing’

This reasoning has been perne
ters of Mississippi fr
ving a most det
we papers sounded the alarn
hat it had ne effect
tere whe fail to par

hise thernse

ting the white
eveqirs past, and it

eraliving eflect on then

{< >
Wo yeurs ago,
The proportion of white
their poll tases, and thus
ves, is eTOwINg steadily
larcer, The vote of the State has heer cut down
far beyond what it was ever intended to be
Stississippi has $20,000 male citizens of voting
sae Its suffrage law, with the provision in re-
eird to Uteraey, shut out half of these, 100,00,
auJ of theee so disfranchised 9 per cent. are

   

 

 

  

 

The extremists do not like |

ni ice giana aie sich sineiicemseanaiancainciniiasnsanaaanlan

Naroes The would leave It 190.009 pernone
entitled to vote, because they are Mle to read
and write of full ll other conditions of the law,
afd the regi«trotion rolla contain the names of
165,000) Biot bere the poll tas comes into play,
and 80,000 of (he reaiotered voters disfranchise
themselves te refusal or failure to pay their
poll taxes on time and of these 80,000 three.
fourths of more are whites
strength of the State is cut down from 290.000
to 46,000, with an actual poll of only 69,100 votes,
ot less than one-fifth
ceused to vote but nearly two-thirds of the
whites are disfranchised by the law

The case is even worse In some parte of the
State. Carrollcounty, which had 18,774 people in
100 and hus 25.000 foeday, ovst a3 votes in the
lote election, or about one in thirty of popula-
thom Grenada cost 4290 votes to 16,000 people
© tibbeha, 02 votes lo 20,000 people, Jefferson,
518 votes to 24,000 people or nearly one Vote to
fftyinhabitants Lhe prospe ois city of Kay St
Louls, whose population is overwhelmingly
winter, had 3,005 people in 1890 and his 6.000 to.
day, bitoastonly 178 votes, Greenville, the most
rapidly growing town in Misgissiped, with €.058
inhabitants in 1890 and from 10,090 to 12,000 to-
day, Cast 395 votes, or one tu each twenty-five
inharitante: Yavoo City cast 26 votes, beall-
ington, 70; Mississiney City, 78, and other towns
een iScast leas than a! undred

The Mississippi Democratic press does not
like the situation at oll and denounces the
white voters who thus disfranchise thernselves,
and it points out the startling fact that the
political e ntrol of the State is now in the hands
of men who are not voters The following
from the Carthaginian of Carthage, Leake
county, points out the evil results of the Mis-
sissippi suffrage system

“When our Constitution was adopted it con-
tained a clause making the payment before
Feb. 1 of all taxes due for the two years pre-
ceding an election as a pre-requisite to voting,
end excluding from the privilege of the ballot
those who failed to pay their taxes as required
At the same time the payment of polltax was
left optional, the idea being that the negro
would rather forego his right to vote than
pay $2 poll tax each year The plan foratime
worked well. The colored vote fell off. as was
expected But then came a falling off in the
white vote because of acontingency that Was
not expected by the framers of the Constitu-
tion. They never dreamed that white men
held their citizenship so cheap that they would
barter it away for the paltry sum of $2. Yet
under our primary election system, as it has
prevailed heretofore, men fully able to pay
their poll taxes have refused to do so because
they were permitted to votetn those primaries,
whereat the selection of State and county
officers was really made, deliberately
rifcing their right to vote in the regular elec-
tions, which they had come to regard as merely
held to ratify the result of the primaries
nugiber of white delinquents has increased
alarmingly, Nearly one thousand of them in
Leake last year~ quite enough to hold the bal-
ance of power and decide the results in the
county primaries. Thus it has come to pass
that the taxpayers of Leake and many other
counties are dominated and controlled and
their officers chosen by the tax-dodgersa."

What the Carthegrmian saya of Lake county
ia now true of most of the counties in Mississippi
Their offices and their legisiation are controlled
by men who are not voters There being no
opposition to the Democracy tn most of the
counties, the nomimation by a Democratic
primary is equivalent to an election, and the
latter elmply approves the action of the pri-
mariesa. The State has no control over the pri-
maries, and to these are admitted al] white cit-
izens, whether voters or not, those who have
disfranchised themselves by a failure to pay
their poll taxes, as well as those who have ful-
filled all the requirements of the law The
men who name the officials are those who do
not go to the polls and who cannot vote

The Mississippi press is aroused on this
subject. It appeals to the white voters who
have voluntarily disfranchized themselves to
pay the poll taxes “The tax dodgers,” they
say, “by cutting down the vote of Mississip; i,
have allied themselves with the radicals and
the negroes to cut down the representation
of Mississippi, by furnishing them with an
excuse for doing so by the smal! vote cast ”
An effort is being mace to correct the evil
through the Legislature, but it is by no means
certain that this can be done It is beleved
that if the tax dodgers, the disfranchized white
men, are shut out of the Democratic primaries
they would pay their poll taxes and fit them-
selves forthe suffrage But this is only a hope
The suffrage conditions have produced @ jpo-
litical lethargy in Misetssippi, and it is now
agreed that something will have to be done
to encourage voting instead of discouraging it

The turn of events has affected the public
school eystem very seriously The George
Constitution required the State to provide for
keeping the schools open in all the districts,
so that every child could learn to read and write
The Constitutional Convention thought that
it had provided an ample revenue for this
purpose by setting aside the money derived
from Hquor licenses and from the poil taxes
for the support of the public schoola But
the revenue derived from licenses has di:-
appeared. A temperance wave struck Mis-
sissippi soon after the Constitution was adoy ted
and seventy of its seventy-five counties voted
for prohibition The poll taxes were counted
on to yield $300,000 a year (#2 on 150,000 voters),
but with only 65,000 voters the amount has
shrunk to $130,000

For some time past this has resulted in a
deficiency in the school fund and it has brought
about a quarrel between the white and* the
black counties which culminated in the Const-
tutional amendment just adopted. Under the
Constitution all poll taxes were paid
State Treasury and divided by the State Su-
perintendent of Education among the several
counties in proportion to the number of chil-
dren of school axe. The white counties have
been complaining of this on the ground th tit
had the effect of providing better schools for the
negroes then the whites. Take Issaquena and
ltawampa for instance, They contain nearly
the same population, 12,240 and 11,701, re-
spectively, and the same number of
children. Each, therefore, drew the
amount for its public schools from the poll tax
fund. But Itawampa has 19,723 whites,
Issaquena has only 738. ‘The former paid in
$4,700 in poll taxes, Issaquena only $290, yet both
drew out the same amount. There have been
complaints on this seore for some years, and
the white counties, being in control of legisia-
tion, foreed throngh an amendment providing
that the money paid in as poll taxes shall be
held by the county in which it is paid. The
negro children will be the principal sufferers,
and the suffrage law which di-franclisea the
negro voter will have the effect that Senator
Umiting the§chool-
ing of the negro boys and girls

When the |oulsiana Constitution was adopted
in 1898 the Mississipga poll ax provision was
couunended as the surest protection against

 

RAC}

school

same

 

whue

George neverintended, of

 

‘Thus the voting |

!

Not only have the negroes |

TH

 

their poll tates thie year will not be allowed to
vote for Congressmen of other oMeera tn 1007

It waa to consider the matter that the poiith
clans @athered hereon Now 18) They found
the aituatlon very bad. The poll tases muat
be paid by Tiee al little more than a month
rerneina in whieh to pay them, and yet in New
Orieane mote than three-fourthe of the wotera
have not attended to thle duty and are in danger
of josing thelr votes lhe seare over these
votes in the Presid lal election does not seen
to have had any effect on them. they do not
appear inclined to pay so long in advance for
the right to vote The newspapers lave Ate

 

|
pealed to them in vain, and the Demoeratio

The

into the |

negro supremiey, and the testimony of many |

Mississippi leaders was to the eect
had a better intluence in preventing the negro
from voting than the educational qualification
Al that tine there was a scare about the Popu-
list , and most of the white Democratic voters
paid their polltaxes ‘Lhe Miesissingi provision
was adopted by the convention, which declared
that voters in Loulsiana must pay their poll
taxes two vears in advance in order to vote
Yo participate in the Presidential election of
1900 the voter had to pay a poll in 1898 and an-
ether in 1899. But when 190 around
{t was found that more than four-fifths of the
white voters in New Orieans had disfranchized
themselves by a failure to pay the poll taxes.
This caused a panic among the politicians,
lt was evident that the vote of New Orleans
would fall below 10,000, being limited to the
owners of real estate, and it was feared that
the city would wo for Mckinley and elect two
Kepublican Concressmen

From this the Democracy was saved by a
decision of the Supreme ¢ourt lhe law had
been badiy drawn, and interpreting it in the
Interest of the voter the court declared that
the Constitution had intended that the new
system should begin in 1002 instead of igo0; but
\t warned the voters that those who do not pay

   

earne

that it |

i the people in ea

{ with the greatest analety

) the reoem

jeaders inet here on Monday to determine what
should be done The general sentiment was
that the law was bad and ought to be repealed
but a proposition to repeal it was met with the
explanation that it would take four to six years
to do so. so firruly was the provision tnbedded
in the Constitution, and that {t was not at all
certain that it could be repealed even then, a#
the rural politicians profit by the law, which nie)
New Orleans hardest

Some more iinmediate relief was needed. It
was finally decided that a thorough canvass of
the voters should be made, and that they should
be influenced or shamed into paying their poll
taxes and thus qualifying themselves for the
suffrage in 1902. But the politicians are by no
means hopeful of ther undertaking, and the
chances are all against them. There are 40,000
white voters in New Orleans, of whom about
9,000 property owners have paid the poll tax
along with their property tax. The politicians
ean searcely hope to influence more than a third
of those not vet qualified tovote. Ataminimum
20,000, or half the white men registered In New
Orleans, will be unable to vote in the next elec-
tion, and it is not at all impossible that the
number of disfranchised white voters may be
25,000 of 26,00

This will cause a revolution {n politics, for
it will put the political control of the city in
the hands of the property owner. The man
who pays taxes on real estate is of necessity
a voter, because when he marches up to the
tax collector to pay his taxes the collector
makes him pay his poll taxes as well; he cannot,

 

THE PLUNGER'S DAY PAST.

MARKED CHANGE IN THE NETTING ODDS

 

At THK TRACKS.
Records of 18098 and 1000 Compared Netter
Opportunities for the Panter Plangers

Who Made the Prices tn Former Vears
Percentages of Winning Favorites

The past season of racing in the Rast has
been remarkable in many respecte Never
before were so many track andeven! records
broken, net in long years have prices been ro
good, While there have been compiaints of
What is called “form,” taking the seasen ail
through the running has been more than fairly
wood, and the divergences from form are to @
great extent to be accounted for by the advent
of the new skinned tracks of Erighton and
Empire City, especially the latter with ite
banked turns, With one or two notable ex.
ceptions, the local handicappers have failed
to appreciate these at their full importance

Perhaps the most interesting feature of the
season has been the steady advance of the
odds along the line of the last five years toa
better price against the winning horses, and
the increase in the number of horses starting
in a race, which has, of course, influenced the
price, There is still the ery that the individual
book has its percentage too largely tn favor
of the bookmaker, and that instead of about
6 per cent, in his favor it is more often @ per
cent , but that is a mere detail in practice

The great reason for the change is tle elime-
ination of the sensationol plunger, especially
the one who also controlled a stable Ten
years ago when the ringeetyrices it procticgally

| followed those set by oremantoa@much greater

extent than {is the case to day. He was supe

| posed to be “in the know,” which ysrimarily

if he wished to do so, disfranchise himself, |

but the payment of the poll tax is voluntary
with the voter who owns no property, or rather
property under $500, and unless he can be
bullied or seduced into marching up to the
office and paving his poll he will lose his vote
The Democratic city politicians do not like
the prospect ‘Lhes have depended for success
in the past on the poorer voters, and elections
have clearls shown that the owners of property
are against them
the law, they are likely to lose political control
Already the white voters of Louisiana and
Mississippi are beginning to eee that they
have gone too far in their suffrage reductions
nd limitations and this fa likely to grow more
evident every year that the present
system exis's

with

AN OLD SOUTHERN GAMBLER DEAD

Mack Won $20,000 on a Poker Hand Once,
but Was Buried by Charity.

CHARLESTON, 8. C., Nov, 23.—William Mack,
who died here last week, was the last of the
gamblers whose heyday of success came 4
quarter of a century ago. At the tune when
he was best Known the common story was thet
he had more money than he could putin a barre.
He died in poverty and was buried by the char-
ity of his former associates, One story told of
his early piaying was of the game when he
raked in $20,000 at the poker table from a sea
captiin who was blufled out on a pair of fours

“You don't find many gamblers now of the
Billy Mack stripe and coor,” said one of his
tmnends to THE StN correspondent. “In his
early days when he played in New Orleans he
was known as a huge bluffer. ‘The time he
pul the blinds over the eyes of the sea captain
was alter a long dush with the American game,
‘The stakes had been running high and thee
Was enough cash on the tavie and in hearoy
pockets to equip en army. Biliy’s iuek had
been jumpite, and tue captain was having @ bit
the best of the play att blufls had
been engineered. billy Was caught in one of
these and he Was buniped se hard by the captain
that the latter remaiked that Mack would not
be caught Wat Way amon.

“[t was 4 ragwed gate and the plavers stayed
in ouly when they had jacks or betrer, binaly
we decided to make everything & jack, andare-
markably bad streak in the Lands resulted in
having the pot made as sweet as a sugar plum
There was all kinds of money on the table and
of course we all wanted it, After we lad passed
time and again tt came to the captain's first

Some

 

 

 

say and he opened the pot withastunner, We
al] stuck there were five of us- and when the
ecards were handled the captain stood pat. The

of us had ordinary | ick-ups, except Billy,
who asked for one card, The betting was
calitious et first, but when it came to the cape
tain’s second turn be Jaummed on a handful of
money which made several of us want to drop,
Around at Billy's end he saw the reise and
lifted it without even looking at bis hand, and
so there was nothing left for us todo but tump,
the captain alone remaining lo see the end of
the fight

“Well ther raised and raised. The fact that
Billy refused to sok at his fifth card rather net-
tied the sea player, and he began to get _cau-
tious. Raise alter ralse came, and finally Meck
stuck a diamond seart pin in his five cards, ly-
ing face down, and asked for time to goand get
more money besore making another raise. He
just had to go across The stieet and we watted
until he returned
He came Up the stens blowing and puffing. The
captain who had grown uneasy inthe absen e
Mack, began to fdget in his chair, and he was
losing some of his play ing nerve

"-Reing that it's my raise,’ said Mack very
quietly and very ce ‘and asthe pot is rich
it will cost vou ju )to call me!

“And withthat he began looking at his money
He breueht out billsof the four figure character
and he was counting these off slowly, The
captain had reached for his wallet and we locked
for wild plunging. The captain, however, hes-
itated

“Flang the lick,’ he eald viciously, ‘T am
heaten, and there ien't anv use throwing good
money after hed,’ and with thet he threw down
his hand. Billy begean te rake in the money
hiat as if it was a @2 het, and the captain left
The pot had a fraction less than
$20,000 in actual money, and Mack smiled when
the cea dow had g@o

Pretty good,’ he said, ‘for two little fours
hut the chance « e draw was worth it. What
did that guy have”?

“The cantain’s hand had heen conped ont
He had a little straight, ard strange to say the
srnal'eat ca nitw four spot.”

 

real

 

 

 

 
  
 

i

 

     

 

 

   

  

   
 

 

 

 

Rilly Mack belonged the eloss of gamblers

> much in evidence around Charleston just
after the close of the war. He wns without a
relative He enarme to Charleston years ago
from New York city and it was understerd
that his heme originally was in Albany. — He
never received a letter and it is doubtf lif be
° anv mail for ffteen vears preceding his
death. He never talked of himself, and in a

 

certain way he was a mystery

AUSTRIA'S COMING ELECTION.

 

Uneqaal Distribution of the 42% Members of
the Reichsrath to Be Chosen.

The dissolution of the Austrian Heicherath
and the approaching general election in the
western half of the dual monarchy lend some
nterest to the way in which the voting power
ted and exerched ‘The Hetehsrath
oeed of 425 members Of theee seve
enty-two may be voted for by all males over
24 vears of ace who have lived six months in
their districts. The constituencies @re of encr-
mous extent ‘The &n Vorartbere,
where there are 54,000 electors, and the larvest
Sancok in Galicia, which has 84,000 voters
Some of the di-triets are of ere sive Dhius
in Carinthia if a candidate wished to address
i vVill@ge or town of the con-
stituency it would take him several months
to do su The veting is open and in all but

   

is dis
is eomy

 

Allest is

 

a few towns indirect” ‘Thus out of the sev-
enty-t80O mendbers above mentioned only
eleven are direct]y voted for by 4u0,u00 out of

4.5) Gert rs
Phe rey alin S52 members @re elected by
diflerent cl sses of  cleetors Fighty-five
represe;t the landed prop tietors, 118 the towte
twentyveone » (bambers of Commerce, and
320 the rut Custriets The eighty-five rep.
resenting the janced proprietors are elected
WW KSAO elector ut is cb an average
miber Thus

 

 

 

 

sixty-two voters elect one ome
8,280 persens are represented by eighty-five
members and 4.00000 by seventy-two In
Bohemia footy electors choose five represen'a-
tives, In the Tere] mine elect one, and in ihe
Bukowina eight electors select one member
and some cf these voters @re members of the
upper house

he twenty-one members who represent the
Chamber «f voatnerce are voted for inci.
rectly, @ are the 118 forthe towns andthe 1%
for the rural districts. In these two I@st cases
there is @ property qualife@tion From this
it will be seen that there is no really popular
representation in Austria, but that the coun-
try is governed by a very limited class,s hich
accounts for much of the troub'e that Besets
successive governments in Austrig.

 

   

 

Unless they can circumvent |

| worse

' the refit favorite in each race, with

meant information as to “whether the stable
was going to eerd in a commission on 4@ cer-
tain entry or not.” Many of the men who
like to make a bet also waited developments,
and the consequence was that in the last few
minutes before a race whose entry list
tained a horse favored by the plunger, there
was a terrific crush on the part of every one to
“get next.” Sometimes the ecod thing went
through, sometimes it was whist ered theregulur

5 SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

cone= |

cormmissioner pleyed a statle horse while the.

owner played the horse cr ec me one else, and
when the records of the losing 1-5 shots of
ten years ago are looked into, there certainly
appearsthe retical grounds for such a suy posi-
tion. In other cases the stable horse was not
tlaved until the list minute, as witness Ban-
quet’s win at Morris Park one fall. Four horses
were quoted at about 4 1, St. Flerian fir
closing at 18 6, Then Banquet slowly loped
toward the start and the Dwyer con missioner
and five aides literally swanyed the ring, so
that in a minute not a quotation of Bencvet
appeared on the beards Jhe wererel putlie
were on the lawn, and the next day the ;apers
published the gelding’s starting price at 4-4,
St Florian favorite In those days the per-
centage of the winning favorites reo irom
46 per cent. to 69 per cent, to the meetiig and
forthe sear averaged slightly over [0 percent,
for the principal seven meetings in the Rust,
This was due to the plungers making the
favorite to a very lurge extent, his fcllowhe
aiding materially; and whether the prove was
4—1, or 1 ~—40 on, the sensational 7 lungerof those

 

 

| sitople system, costing oniv a

days. asin the case of M. Dwyer, did not hesi- |

tate to send ir $10,000 to 840,008, Do matter
whether it was ¢ uke or a selling race. In
fact the latter type ot contest Was rcre to his
taste than the one calling for a Letter «] t
horses With a atake horse entered at $1,500
selling Price, amorw a umber of intener
animels, it wis naturally mere of a anch, and
if he won a big bet t ild naturally efiord to

    

 

 

  

protect his horse egeli stony ordirery tid, ard
make money. This is believed by many to
be the secret of the great run cf faverites of

is a reasonalle theory, es

}rices AC. is closely
looked inte

Take the year 1892, when racing wes in full
sv ing, before ldverse legislation brought abeut
the new order of things The seven most ime
portant meetings were Brooklyn, which then
opened the season, Morris Parl, Sheeys! end
and Menmouth Park, «4 lona@ meeting of torts.
six racing days.followed by the fail meetunes
of the other three racing® associations i
those davs Brighton Peach was scarcels worth
considering in the matter pow teing Ceelt with
The record for that year runs as follevs

those days, and it
peciy ir when the record of

 

      

 

ber Race } roh bnery
C't Odds. Startere liys Faro ves

Rrookiyn o §&—4 Al-4 14 t

Morris Park. 59 7-58 7i-2 15

Sneepsiead 46 evens 6 14

Mo mouth 61 &-2 6 44

Brovkiya 59 evens A 14

MorrisPark Su evens 638-4 14

*Crr worse,

Here the record of the season wae a round
60 per cent of winning Pret favorites, t!
age price being a trife above evenmoney,
about hitod ithe average feld was6>) horses
to a race we important feature is that nant
along more than onee a day there was an ex-
ceedingly short-priced horse, there being 164
at consideral worse than J-2 on to start
bn the 181 days dealt with This shows clearly
what the odds must have been in the races
which were not dominated by the plunger’s
actions The schedule of almost every meet-

   

 
  

 

     
 

 

    
 
 
 
  
 

{ng showe varyir verages in the odds of the
Individual dav amounting tof 12-125 (this
being Get 6, 1808, favorites being Varuna,
6-2. Serah Ramey, 6-& Red Banner, *—5
Sir Walter, @- 5 Correction, l--te on Will
Fonso, ® 8) to the 71-30 of June 5 (favorites
being Chesapeake, 2 1 St) Michael, ever
Mics Ford am, 8—1: His Hie @, 0-8: Lovise
4-1 Bandit, 2 0)

 

ing in that year, or

fan i--?. 1-6, 4-4, 1

 

   

 

 

there were 6 5.1 5,6

two to vin Sept 27, 32-5, ,
2-1, three to wins Sept 5,
(=—3, 4-5, 3-3; Rept. 29, 1 5,
1 4-5, and vet these were old
times one hears about Time the
vunter with the Coroner's In auVS “If
} had know then what IT know now, I would

nave made a miliion, sure
down and play two sure winners a day
curious thing is in 1010, if etill alive, he will be
saving the same thing At tihat Gravesend
meeting twentv-eix fovorites at 1-2 on and
started in the sixteen days’ racing
There isachangetoday — The heavy plinger
ie practically eliminated as far as obvious effact
goes de is atill with us to n certain e
but he no longet aways the price card, r
has he the old i. pertant following
the average regular visitor to the track has a
very aggressive self-reliance He is not both.
ered much about what aly one s doing,
He has his own Ideas, and whether they are
snecesaful or not, it fs idle to talk to him with
the intention of either teaching him mueh or
swaying him from lis line There ure
scores who, if they , do not make

    

 

else j

 
   

 

 

    

much money to sneak ‘ work along a
faulty line, and answer any hint which may
be given them with the old parrot ery of the
dav>s of Rameses The percentage is dead
against vour idea" As to investigating any
new theory, treat never enters their heads

 

One man this year bas made money right along
layine the favorite at even money of bet-
win so mucha dav. He is well-informed,
has \ «of etperience, and knows perteetiy
well that in 1892, after a run of losers, the one
favorite which won at even money came in
the twenty-elghth race. and that he would

   

 

| have had to play twenty-three races, losing

each one, and neecing $43.74 capital to win
out bis $40) He knowe this, and lots of better
methods of play, but he has stinply gone along
and trusted to Providence

  
        

This self: rit has produced very
seattered sneculation. Instead of the old
sunger and his following reaching for one

vorse and practically driving it off the bourds
at any price, to-day it is ne uneomimon thing to
find a ten-horse race, with at lenst six fairly

  

well backed animals, each of Which is con.
sidered to have a fair chance by its backers
The ward men are kept busy following the

changes in each book, and a fairly level scale of
independent pri rules all throu the ring
on all races except in the few where yp
opinion appears to crystallize on the same an
mal, as it did on the Keene stable in the Fu-

   
     
    

turits Then as usual it evessed wrong There
probably never was another time when the
racing public knew so mnech, technically, of
the horses What with training reports, the
reduction of everv tvpe of caloulvicn to a
decimal fraction, and the habit of disinterested

  

mdgment of performance whiet
growing very fast, esnecialiy
snecessful punters, if is a very divereny pr
sition from what it was a few vears ace
sibly the most pertinent indiention of the ten-
denev is the frequentiv expressed desire that
the mutual system should be renewed ‘This
would do away with the erushing and crowding
of the man who dees not piay ona methed

The consequence of all this is that the record

Altears to he

 

 

  

 

or woree, thie being 6 per cent) The advance
in price and the number of entries |4 very ime
portant, and the decrease in the winning favorite
percentage is more than counterbalithoed by
the elimination of the oddmon starter The

    

correct way fo look at (his phicee of the esthon
ist liuiate altowetber trom the 10° record
the races at those odds, and then compare the
remainder with the record of 100) the re

 

sul! will probably be matoniehing

There isoevery probalnlity of a steady cone
titnninee of this state of thitues With the
modern methods con prised in the emall slates

of the lavers of

   

prices, the smaiier aversive book tiacde ul of
these belp the good charge along To-day
ftisrather a dificult matter to see the prices
on the smatler siates clearly, and the took-
makers are dependent on the active and un
Digquiteus Wwardinen te orting ther the chan

 

aleo bring information as to wh-
causing such chatees In the old larvwe slate
dave changes were noted by fleld elas and
vther informatwn went around more lowly

and they

MESSAGES TO ONE'S SELF.

They Are Pretty Good Heipsto Memory Other
Uses That Are Pertious.

From the New Orleana Timea-Memocrat

A couple of gentlemen were walking up
Canal street a few evenings ago when one of
them suddenly stopped and made a gesvure of
annoyance. “Confound it!" he exclaimed, “I
have a book at the office that ] wanted to carry
home But it's too late to go back,” he added,
consulting his wateh, “and 1 guess I'll just
drop myself a postal card.”

“Drop yourself a postal eard'” echoed his
companion in surprise, “what the deuce do
you mean?”

“Exactly what I say,” replied the other,
extracting a card from his pocket and seri bling
a few words by the light of a drugstore window.
“It's the best and cheapest and most effective
memory joger in the world. You see, 1 am
rather absent-minded,” he went on, “and I
have tried aj) the stereotyped schemes without
Inuch success Tying a string around my
finger is absolutely useless ean bear in
mind that | did it to make me remember, but
l can't recall what | was intending to recollect
see’ So] hit on this scheme of sending myself
postal cards, and it works to a charm The
one Lhave just written isthe third this evening
Here they are: ‘The first you observe, is ad-
dressed to te at my house, and contains only
one word ‘Umbrella’ It will be delivered
while Lam at breakfast, and 1 will then be cer-
iain to bring down tiny old umbreila to have
the handle mended The second card sava
‘Duck and trimmings,’ and if it wasn’t for its
arrival at the office to-morrow morning the
chances are | would never order the stuff iny
wife is counting on for dinner. ‘The third,
as vou Know, relates to that book By this
cent for each
service, | have my memory prodded by a special
Government official, under bonds to perform
his duty

 

 

 

  
 

Who, not tong ago. Thad a bad cold,” said
the speaker, enthusiasticanlly, “and the doctor
gave mea ixture to take every two hours

   

 

ory clreumestances that would have
» impo sibility, but Dmanaged it
ltook a pack of postal cards and
wrote on ene) ‘Take vour medicine and mail
vourseifacard’ Then Lsetarted the ball rolling
hy dropeing one in the box and swallowing a
The daily deliveries at the office are
exactly two houre and whenever the
earrier appeared he handed mea reminder and
1 banded him back a fresh card for mating.
Result. 2 prompt eure

Ry this thme the two friends had boarded a
trolley car and were on their wav home “It's
certainiy an ndrrirable idea,” said the gentle.
man who had done the listening. “but, by the
wit, What do vou intend to do with those three
carda vou showed me”

“Thanderation’ exclaimed the other, looking
chagrined “LE declare. forget to mail ‘ern!

“T have had only one exnerience in address.
Ing a communication to mrself,” said the second
gentlernan, after a painful pause, “and that
was so disastrous IT never tried it again. It
happened in this wav: Shortly after I hung out
mv shinwle, and while Twas having a despernte
struggle to make hott ends meet, a rich, eceen-
tric old aunt of inine invited me to snend the
summer at her country home in Vermont
I knew the old lade had a very pennery tem-
ner. bet she had alwave promised to ‘do some.
thing for me.’ and, inder the circumstances,
I Jed tor Her home was several mil

Vrder ord
heen a Sitr
beantifully

 

   

 

anart,

 

 

 
     
 

   

 

| from the nearest village and wos really a bent.

tiful rlnee mot iuet as T had feared, mv aunt
herself proved to ne terribly troing company,
She was irasctble and domineer to the Inst
decree, and, having lived alor th a lot of
eringing servants, she wasin the hanit ofeaving
things that made my blood beilin my veins
TI manaved to hold mu tonne, however, and
when T finelly saw thot Twasr't coing to be able
to stand it much loneer, ] thoneht un a neat
little scheme for nenting a graceful retreat

I had a special chum here in New Orleans
who knew all about my trim, and one evening
T sinned over to the village and sent him a
telegram, running abort like this: Imrossible

 
 
  

 

   

  

 

te remoin lo wer with the cldehrow Wire me

| tacmorrose that imnrertant business demands

impnediate presence Make it strong

Must skin. That was oratal, 1 admit, but I
was bodily worked tn

lat the threst

It was ener to f° '
* The

among the more |

of roo. the seven principal Ea-tern tracks, '
stands~ a= lollows

ler Race

(4% Odds. Starters. li'ys
Morris Para 39 4 1s 1S
Brooklyn 38 7-4 AI-3 17
Sheepshead 44 U5 Al—4 16
Brighton t $3) 12-8 7 20
Sheep h 2-1 At—2 32
Mroo oy" S-! Al—2 16
Morris Park... 7-4 71-3 15

  

“Or worse.

This shows an average price olevene risaag
aagsienu 5
of eight and one-quarter horses to a—regi
and a percentage of winning favorites d nea,
the season amounting to 38 per cent. As thr
percentage decreases the price advances. Ths
most important feature is Unat in the 120 racea
only forty-four horses started at odds of 1-2

 

 

 

“Parle next recrning Dannounced to my aunt
that Twas woine ont fsbing fer the das I
hod a lowanlt coming un this week. T remerked
eae Ns ‘and it's } rele Tees Mle nes vet
rome mesange about it Th anv telegram errives
plese oren it, ard if {t reeds on enswer ore
ofthe ren can comreover after meat the bridge

 

J wanted her to see the recell teleerom with
har own eves, en pe toavert ony evericion rnd
wentotchvellirngover my cleverness Some
what te my surprise, however, the day were
awas without a meseenger, end T hewan to
soften ‘Tha noor cla lade doen't wart me to
en, T anid to mvsel’, ‘end fa beleing back
the news’ Bot when [wolked unto the honse
that evening To was thonderstruck to see my

the perch, ord before T
could nek ane cvestions my punt nprenred
old. furs me a telegram with a
tragic gesture ard slan ned the deer in me
fnew T overed the parer mechorie ly ard
rearle fell derd Tl} wae tov own resspge
Ate chim was ont of town when it errived, and
It had been returned to the ser cer,”

tronke etareing or

AQUARIUM'S WINTER BOARDERS.

The Goldfish Family From Bowling Green Weil
Satisfied With Its Fare.

It mav he of interest to some of the readers
of Tne Sts to know that the goldfishes taken
in at the Aquarium a month ago for the winter
from the fountain in Bowling Green, when that
was drawn drv for the season, are all doing quite
well They included, it may be remembered,
nine grown @oldtishesa and a ereat lot of little
ones, hundreds of them, hatched out in the
basin of the fountain last summer

This is the second winter that these identical
nire bie fish have spent in this manner at the
Aquarinm, having been placed in the fountain
originally by t Aquariium’s people, and taken
from it kent through last
wir

The nine big fishes, in a tank by themselves,
are pot eating so much now as they did when
they were first brought in it, but that is as tt
tthisseason They are all

 

  

   

la«t tall and safely
er and returned to the fountain last spring

 

    

 
   
  
  

 

     
 

would bein mature a

right, and with every prospect of going through
the winter so The little ones are thriving
frely: there has been some loss among them,
but not soomuch as might have been expected
th n sot enough of ther gor o he missed
fr warming tankful of tt ‘remaining
The feeding well, and they have already
visibly Increased in size In fact. if they sl ould

keep on growing they have done all winter
the old folks won't Know them when they meet
in the spring

 

Itow Lincoln Backed the Schoolboy.
From the Literary Cellectar
When Abraham Lincoln was in Springfield,
I, he met a little bow who was introduced to
and who was allowed the honor of shak-
On the President's

him
ing the great man’s hand
dey urture the bow boasted of the incident among
who refused to believe
and made his life miserable ®y their

Young America was not daunted, however,
by the persecution, but down
and wrote a
iia trouble

following letter

GoesesB~ Trarrew
Tract (9 / Pel»
Wha ey Cortes
JI ete paw anv
fxtt. parce Prior here
Cum Rter Bc al
Apr pfire~, Metowerj -
(lnfanp-ry
g&

This efle stenced the unbeuevers
and from @ derided and scorned object young
George Evans Patter? became the envy of the
other boys. It is ge that
at this analous time, with the multipheity
of things demanding |is attention should have

his schoolfel'ows, hom

seers
scenic Kat
Jetter to
In a tittle while he received the

 

ually

 

astonts

  

' foundtime to heed the rey uest of a mere school-

boy on @ matter which Was of absolutely no
importance except to the boy himself. It
is characteristic of the man that could and
would find time to remedy an injustice when-
ever brought to his notice however humble

| the subject of it might be. :

 

= — =

 
        

  
 

BERLIN'S POLICR SCANDAL.
——

Surprising State of Affairs Exposed by the |
Sternberg Case. |
Public feeling in Reriir

Loxnow, Nov 10 |
over the extraordinat

4 greatly agitated

| poli-e acandals afiaing out of the Steriberd |

odds, the diffleulity of seen the |

case) The reputation of Prussian detectives |
for intewrity has never stood very high They
are drawn mostly fron tinmissioned |
fleers in the army, with deficient education,
no social standing, and frequently the mart net
manners of the barrack room trully Mat their

honece

positioninthe eapital has been defended
against all eriticiam for high State reasons
Much of their work t# for Government de-

partinents and, in view of the strona and active
Soctulist party in Berlin, it has been made a |
ruling principle that the police are not to be
accused of wrong It ie true that four years
ago their use in polities got a rude shock in the
Tausch case, from which it has not yet recovered
Since then the Berlin foreign Office has made
practically no use of the Criminal Investigation
Department, but intrusted its offen important |
Secrot service work to ite own agenta The |
withdrawal of the police detectives from the
sphere of polities is seen in the absence of |
“shadowing” the correspondents In Berlin of
foreign newspapers, which was the regular
custom a few years ago

But, after all, the political employment of
police affects only very sliglitly the life of the
people) The present scandals affect the en- |
tire social evistence of the capital, A million-
aire named Sternberg was accused of offences
against young girls for which, if convicted,
the punishinent would be severe, Similar
proceedings were taken against him in 1897,
but came to nothing A policeman named |
Stierstaedter was commissioned to watch him |
after the present accusation. He has this |
week ativen evidence that hig euperior, the |
Chief Commissary of Police, repeatadly sug-
gested to him during the preparation of the |
ease that he should let himself be bribed, and |
profit by the enormous wealth of the defendant
to give leas ¢rithful evidence The police-
man hae been assailed for this statement against
his chief But 200 subaltern officers of the
Criminal Department have held a meeting
and pledced themselves to quit the police
aervice if Stierstaedter should be punished
for his conduct In the inquiry held into the
conduct of the Chief of Police, Baron Meer-
echeidt von Huellessen, the closest and most
compromising relations between him and the
accused Sternhere have been proved. He
was on visiting terma with the latter during |
the proceedings against him {n 1897. He ad-
mitted that Sternberg had held a mortgage of
15.0 marks on his villa on the island of Rugen,
and had advanced him various sums to enable
him to pay for the villa. He sald he regretted
the arrest of Sternberg in the present case,
beeatse of his charming wife

The result, so far, {s that Baron von Hallessen
has been relieved of all his offices. The best
feature in the business is that the Government |
is making a genuine inquiry into the bueinesa |
and apparentiy contends to make a real reform
of the criminal police. All parties are agreed
onthis. The conservative Poat writes: “That
he associated with Sternberg although he knew |
perfectly the latter's reputation that he accepted \
presents from him, and sought to hold a pro- |
tecting hand over him, ts a state of affairs
which demands the immediate and searching
interference of the Government.”’

The charge against Sternberg has for the
moment disappeared. The girl of thirteen,
Yrieda Woyda, who was the principal witness,
has now withdrawn all her charges Other
witnessea have disappeared, furnished, it is |
said, with money to take them to America,

An important factor in German police Integ- |
rity is the miserably inadequate scale on which
the men are paid, The highest salary paid
to an ofMcial in the erfmina] department !s
$2,040 a year, and the commissaries begin with
a salary of $075 a year. The companies that |
insure stolen luggage veually pay the com-
missaries premiums on the discovery of stolen
property. It is this habit of looking to Indirect
irregular parmenta that {s chiefly anewerable
for the low repute into which they have fallen |
as a class,

 

“DIVINE HEALER" IN FLORIDA, N. Y.

He Is Said to Make the Lame Walk, the Deaf
Hear and the Blind See.
Gosnex, N ¥, Nov. 18—The little villace
of Florida, in Orange county, ts greatly agitated
because of the presence of a “divine healer,” |

' who by simply looking at afflicted persons and

| at once relieves them of bodily allmenta

' leave them

Lincoln telling him of |

Lincoln |

px iste a skin measures @ feet 10 laches

in the air
Suf-
ferera of a lifetime have been cured tn an in-
stant. Aged people have been brought tn
carriages, unable to walk, and after being
treated have skipped about with ail the vigor
of youth

The healer, who has just returned from Ger- |
many, is br birth a German, 87 rears of age,
and is known as Jan Miles) The mysterious |
power of healing human afflictions was giv nto
him, he cays seven vears ago in Texas, fn re-
spon etoprayers Since that tme he has trav-
elled the whele world over and the nunber of
cures he claims to have effected renches up into |
the thousands }

making a few mysterious passes

 

He says that Mer eont.of the
afl ct) dare healed either instantaneous y or in
a day or two, It matters not whether they
were Ch istians before, so long as they were
converted aferv ard, The 20 per cent which he
has failed ty cure are sinners of an es;+ cially
wicked sort, who have hoped for relef from
their ailments, bot who would not recognize the
power of the Almighty vested in the h: aler,

“}makeno charge fo my service:,"’ said the
healer to the reporter, ‘‘bu I take what is
offered to me, and God knows each time |
whether thea ct dean at*ord to payme. If,
the con, Lut will not. th ir ailmenta will not
S ould man or weman tinnke a
false promise to me, ard after being r lieved
fnil to keer it. their afffictions shall ret rn unto
them m ny fold, fort e Bibie save, “Go and
sr no More, lest a» orse thing befall thee?'"

He sait that he isnot a Curiatian Scientist or
a Faith Curist, for be his r lieved the suffer-
ines of little children who knew nothing of faith

Mr. A. Shinmoen of Florio is one «f thae |
heal dby Miller, Hesavs. “Fifteen veors ago
mooarm Was injured and partial piral sis de- |
veloped Twas unable to raise it tomy shoul. |
der T was also very deaf, but after being
treated Lean now hear fir-t rate and my in-
jured arin ie ns goed 96 new ”

Abid three-vear-old child of Mr and Mra
George Hov-nesmnnp of Florida wos made to see,
It was also stone dea’ and wa made to hear

Mra. George Arnott of Florida had a heby
which doctors said must ce, but which Miller
healed immediately. It ts now rerfeely well

Mr A Hall of Pine Isl nd could rot walk
without crutches, Helimpedinone dav to eee,
the healer and a few minutes later walked out
wi b hiserutch son his shoulder

There have been hundreds of sim lar eases,
and all the country-i ‘eis rinving wi h the heal-
erarraise Afff'cted pe ple from far and wide
are flockiog there Last Sundav fiftw persona
eutve ing from vari us ailments were healed at
once without tin tividual attention A list of
their names is posted nthevillage barber shop,
kept by J. WH. Parsons, an old friend of Healer
Ni ler) Poor vears azo Miller eared Paresons's
wife of fading evesucht and throat trouble

The healer is alwacs recdy, dav or night, to
try his “divine” powers upon all comers

 

AT GRIPS WITH A MOUNTAIN LION.

Three Cowboys tn Wrestiing Match With a
Beast © Feet 10 Inches Long.

Giuomp, Ariz, Nov 22—-Three Tonto basin |
cowbovs had a wrestling contest with the
largest mountain lion ever killed in this neigh-
bor.ood a few days ago. The men, George
Hubbard, Hardy Schell and A. © Harer, were ,
riding the range near Salorne Creek, thirty
miles north of this point. Schell had the only |
firearm in the party, a rifle, and had only one |
cartridge for it

The cowboys revted the lion out of some
rocks and rode after it to rope it if possible,
Schell tried a 2a*vard shot and knocked the
lion over, apparepty killing it, with a bullet
througn its neck The three then rede up|
and dismounted, to find that the lion had only
been stunned by the shor

AS they approached it jumped to its feet
and leaped at Schell, Who knocked It aside
with a blow from the butt of the rife The
enormons eat then jumped upon Hubbard,
erunching the man’s left arm and badly lacerat-
ing bis body with its claws But Hubbard,
Who 18 possessed of exceptional streneth,
caught the tect by the throat and a front
foot. Sc’ el, att esmretine evel tie hind |
fee’. Whie Hares raninand cut @ Lon's throat
witn a small knife

Tre lion. undoubtedly had teen veikeced

the bullet wound, and the men consicer
Ives fortunate to have with

 

j

' forth

i of the ofMlcers of

 

RIVAL KNIGHTS OF LABOR.
(Wren teve eraAr IN Ht onDEn AT

s

Haves Faction and Parsons Faction Each tn
Convention, and Bach Protests It's the
Oniy Heal Thing They've been So Pro
testinga Year Whatiach Saveof the Other
Ala, Nov 22
Moers ot the h

lor a whole
iahts of Labor
ching among themselves here
ave enjoyed) themselves igeiv
of the organizauion. In En-
convention of the

Bin wiscuam
week the riv
have been
and they }

At (he expense
gineers’ Blall “the annual
General Aeeenbly of the Koliehte of Labor
of the United States and Canada” presided
over by John No Parsons of New York, the
man who tried to stir up two great «treet rail-
road strikes and failed in both attempts, held
From the Florence Hotel, a few blocks
away, another convention claiming the same
imposing tite, in which John W. Hayes was
the central figure, nade wordy waron the Pate
sons crowd and setled (he affairs of the order
fn ite own way

The rival factions have been fighting now
for nearly a year, and the end is not yet insight,
Each side has appealed to the courts to declare
it the only genuine representative of the organ-
ization which once was the kingpin of the labor
world and the lawyers are making a good thing
out of the muddie the officers of the Knighta
have got them into. Atthe end of the Ril»
kenny cat fight there weren't any cata left.
‘The prospect is that there won't beany Knights

of Laborsoon. Ten years ago theorder counted
{ta members at half a million or more, Labor
men here outside the Knights say that if

the Knights can count a tenth of that number
now they're 10,000 stronger than anybody
else believes them to be

When the last general assenibly of the knighta
met in Boston a year ago they were a united
but dwindling body. Birmingham Invited
them to hold their neat convention here. Now
body counted on getting two conventions ine
stead of one, but that is what has happened.
Within a few weeks after the convention, Par-
sons, the General Master Workman cf the
order, anxious to assert bis power in his own
organization, after the two farcical trolley
strikes in New York, arbitrarily suspended
a local assembly. He was himself in turn de
clared deposed by a majority of the Executive
Board in Washington, consisting of General
Worthy Foreman Chamberlain, General Seoe
retary-Treasurer Haves and himself, the (ene
eral Master Workman. Henry A. Hicks of New
York was declared master of the order in his
place. A split followed, hence the two cone
ventions here this week, The Hayes faction
has the books and papers of the organization,
Each claims that it has the support of a mae
jority of the district assemblies. A receivere
slip has been applied for by one side. Ihé
other has an application before the court seeke
ing to declare it the rightful custodian of the
organization's records and receipts—especially
receipts. The Hayes faction has expelled
Parsons and his followers and the Parsons
faction has formally pronounced Hayes and
his friends out of the organization. Fach
vehemently declares that it is nght and unless
one side isn't telling the truth, why there isn't
anything of the order now but the records of
its existence, and the few members left needn't
botner to pay any more dues.

But pending a decision of the litigation, which
may be given in another year and may now

, @ach faction, 60 far as could be judged this lass

week, seeins Lo be making @ good ting out of
the order, Jie J’arsous coulngent were
quartered at tne Morris Hotel, and they had a
Tne ne They took in ali ot the amusements,
diugut seem to be tnuch disturbed over the
achinauons of their rivals, of whom they
spose very toleranuUy. Hayes and lis friends,
one of tue Marsons crowd said, were making @
big blull, which the courts would call as soon
@> lhe Case Was tried Upon its merits, so it made
bo diserence whal tue Hayes crowd did now

The Hayes contingent had a whole foor of
their botel and a big force of siwaograpners
abd typewriters to help it orate to Wie puple,
‘Jney have Geen kept busy iorming te world
that Varsons and his trie.ds were outlaws from
tne order and thal tue court would sete quickly
their bash woen it gol bie merits OL the dispute
fairly under review. dhe Hayes people ts d
as well as the Parsons crowd aid seemed as
little worried. ‘luis is what Parsons had to
say about the Hayes crowd

“Jbe men who are here with Hayes do nos
represent any menibership in the order, as will
be shown to the salistaction of the court when
lus Controversy Collies Up Upon its Inerite. As
tu the taciuilies lor niading Out credentials,
Hayes is uw professional at that, and by this
means he has co.tinued his Lold upon the
secreuirysiup of lhe order against the protests
ol every bola lide GisUict in tue county. Lhe
publhe Will not be Imposed upon by te states
ruents made by Mayes and tis triends as to the
jnerits Of tus dispute in the huights of Labor,
Lhe present Qourd of Ofivers, of Which Jonn N,
Parsons is tie General Mister Woraman, are
being recognized by the great majority of the
order and are iully in accord wWita the eifortis
Deimg made lo compel tayes lo render ab ace
count of the money of tne order, which he has
up to date retused to do. ‘These men who are
now 6Upporuug Mayes in lus hghit aga ast these
officers are bewig nepl in the order vy Hayes
ior Wat purpose aioue, 48 Whe districts which
they claim to represent have long ago gone ous
of existence.”

In @ Statement issued to the newspapers
by the Hayes contingent they Lad this to ea)’
about Parsons and jis friend

“As a Tepresentaluve boay, coming from
nearly every section of the Union, to meet in
the city of Birbargoam in annual session, we
feel chagrined that for the first time in the
history of the order of the Knights of Labor,
@ period of thirty-three years, we are come
pelied to give reasols Why we are here. Bus
since our arrival we find eight men who have
heretofore been expelied from the Knights of
Labor at various times attempting to impose

newspapers and the general pubiie of
wham by advertising themselves aa
Knights of Labor, It is therefore necessary
to inform the public of the facts. These eight
mah are reported to be John N. Parsons, wha
is an expelled ex-officer of the Knights of
labor, and represent< no c'g@inized body o

our order, A.J. O'Keefe ef bunungham, who
is not a member of the Knights of Labor, nor
bas he been for some vears, but who by tnise
representation foisted himself upon the general
order as representing the Knights of Labor
of Birmingham, but who has since been fully
exposed and efter tually disposed of by the ore
g@anizatior Patrick MeMahon, 1 M. Healw
and M. Vitzgerald, ex-members of the Knights
ef Labor, who purport to represent District
Assembly 49 of New York, which is repree
sented in the real assersbly in Birmingham
by Mr. J. 8 Holew FO Bb Burley, who assumes

 

5

  
    

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

 
 

to represent National Trade Assembly 185,
whieh has not a sufficient nurmber of local are
semblies to be r sented at this General
Assernbly: W. EF. Carr of Washington, who

was expelled from the order at Chicago two
under the auspices of Mr

 

  
 

years ag Parsons,
with wh he is now assuciated In trving ta
prevent 1 organization from plirauing Ite
work: Henry ©. Trarhawen and John Fernau
of Pittsburg. a member of what wae District
Ascently 3, which was suspended some time
ago from comnes with the order

“This eomprises the body of men which
has teen for three davs imposing on the newse
papers of this city with long stories of what
they are doing and pronmose todo. like the Three
Tailors of Tooley Street They represent
only one distriet assembly in Pitts ure of lese
than 2,200; men and the half ef another district
assembly We have with us in session the
representatives of the entire order of the United
States and Cannda We have the affidavits
every district assembly in
each locality, showing their fidelity to this body,
This general assembly represents the entire
order of the Knights of Lobor assemblies ate
tached to the general assembly, not only in
its Jegal character but in-every other sense of
the word, and we trust that when we give to
the world the results of our deliberations they
vill prove to the American working people
that the Knights of Labor are still true to thelr
principles and working to the interest of hue
manity *

So far no great effort in behalf of humanity
has heen reported to the world from the cone
vention of either faction. Both sides have ree
elected the offlcers they had Resiaes thin
the most important act of the Parsons con-
vention has been to remove the disabilities
recentiv placed upon ex-General Master Work-
man lerence V. Powderly by the Haves faction
and to pass a resolution indorsing the efforts
the Parsons officers have made 'o gain pos-
session of Haves's recor.s The DParsone
Wing is now finishing up its seasion in Wash-
ington The Haves people say that they don't
care what Parsons and his friends do

The Parsons crowd has named Parsons
General Master Workman for next year The
officers who served under bitn. were re@lectad
These are the officers named by the Haves
facuon General Master Workman, Simon
Burns of the Glass Workers, Pittshure, whoin
the Parsons crowd ha» formally expelled from
the order General Worthy Foreman, Arthur
MeConnell of Pensacola, Fla: General Seecree
tary-Treasurer, Jotin Wo Haves of Washington;
General Executive Board Thomas J. O'Reilly
of Brookivn, Isaac Sanderson of Toronto,
I D. Chamberlain of the State Assembly of
Colorado. A resolution was passed
ing that Congress make it @

demand.
Government contractor to a for any
(ET lng OY ai SASS

work was

 

 

 

 

 

 

—_ = =

 

 

meen

{