ee

eR ee —_——— ae

eee: ~

—

 

 

 

TRYING TO GROW RUBBER.

; L
BAPRAIWENTSON FARMS IN CENTRA
AMENICA AND BLARWHERE.

The World's Demand for More Rabber Lack
of Knowledge Aboat the Tree Other Dif-
ficnities of the Planter The Rival Sye-
tems Great Profite Serm to fe Possible.

It nay #1 priee mone people to learn that
there je still a raw product whieh man finds
Just aa diMoult to obtain ae it waa a hundred
years ago in fact, It in harder to obtain than
evar Kefore Thin is the milk of @ very In-
stgnif ant jooking tree, growing in great quan’
tities throughout thousands of square mile
The tree itaaif te entirely generous, afew blows
with a knife, and a thick white quid follows
the Inciaton, a wait of twenty-four hours for
the milk to harden and & man haa the equiva-
Jent of a day's wages This white liquid after
erposure to heat with many apecies, to that
ef the aun alone -and without any further
treitment gives 83 per cent of {ta bulk in pure
rubber. Despite thia, the world cannot obtain
a tithe of the supply it needa The simple
reasot for this state of affaire is that the tree,
although generous \twelf, electa to grow in
regions whioh for the most part are death to
white men, and are removed from civilization
by thousands of miles of swamp and Jungle.

To alter thia condition of things two sets
of men are working on opposite lines. They
are engaged in a sort of race for a very high
etake—-an unusually high stake, indeed, as the
best rubber is now selling for something more
than $1 @ pound. One eet are chemMats, who
have been trying their best for the last twenty-
five years to find a substitute for rubber.
fo far there has not been an unqualified suc
cess among their attempts, and there are ex-
perta who go so far as to say that chemically
it is Impossible to combine for the market @
substitute having the different properties of
pure rubber. Be that as {t may, hardly @
day passes but the long-expected perfect sub-
atitute is brought forward and the company
formed to exploit the perfect substitute of the
yeur before goes into the hands of a receiver.

The fleld of activity of the other set of men
{s very different. It is found in @ few farms
{n Mexico and Cantral America, and in a few
Qovernment experimental stations, notably
in Jamaica and Ceylon. There are @ mall
number of farma where something like @ sys-
teinatio attempt is being made to farm rubber
ona large scale, some half dozen in the Isthmus
of Tehuantepeo, and a very few more—prob-
ably not twenty-five in all--in Nicaragua, Costa
Rica and the reat of Central America.

The difteulties which oonfront this hand-
ful of farmers are pecullar, In the firet place,
no one ever tried before to make rubber grow
as a crop for the market, There are no data,
no facta of even the simplest kind, to tell these
men whether their ideas are the right ones.
The natives of the country take no interest in
things outside their own particular business,
and a man about to establieh a plantation has
had to atart fresh with only his own {deas to
wide him, and these latter cannot be said to
have become aa yet authoritative, for none of
the farms is more than six years old, and the
trees must be up that time before the question
ef growing them profitably can be settied
Rubber planting, then, is not only an absolutely
untried undertaking, but there has been nobody
of tradition or general knowledge of the subject
with which to make a start. If rubber werea
delicate tree, or dificult to cultivate, the out-
look would be disheartening Indeed.
ond, the general conditions are against
the planter. The nature of the country throws
him entirely upon his own resources, and the
climate is apt to be enervating, to say the least.
Transportation is a great problem. Labor is
eearce and not easy to handle, the native peon
of Central America being a mixture of childish-
neas and independence, and a hard drinker to
boot. Although etrong and active as young
men, excellent axemen and better witha spade
chan any other laborers in the world, they be-
come debilitated very early in life. They have
no constitution and must be cared for like
children. Furthermore, they look to the patron,
or owner, for the settlement of every Ill, spiritual
und temporal. You must keep them sober, get
therm out of debt, make peace between them
and their wives, arrange any infelicities that
may occur between them and their neighbors’
wives, doctor the whole family, and educate
the children, if vou have time. For the peon
is essentially a creature formed for the patri-
urchal ss » Withachief or employer whom
they know and respect the better class of peons
become in many essentials ideal laborers,
steady, careful, hardworking, quick to catch
an idea. faithful to follow it out, entirely hon-
their employer's interest becomes their
ewn. But in order to obtain
state of things a farmer should be a first-rate
judge of capacity and character, a fair lawyer,

 

 

t

   

esr

   

Physclan and man of business

There is nothing will not tell vou
or consult sou ¢ As an illustration,

ynsid or the following Incident, which
took place on a Central American farm. The
owner the farm, an American, had got his
jnborers Hehed inte very good shape, but the
women reanaied @ @reat trial, for as a rule
they are shrew iiwayve stirring up trouble
between the mon. and their tongues are very
evil, The wife seneral a courtesy title
of one of toer hid been particularly obnox-
fous, and © oer determined to get rid
of her, so he called the man up one evening
and said

“Chi Teannot have vonr woman here any
longer,” and then he recited her wrong-doings,
*you must send her bick to the interior, and
J will forwird Sto.a month ont of your wages

to suppert her
The main bid not a snegestion to offer, nor
washeanery. He felt the justices of the patron's
remarks and wis satisfied
“Bueno, Sefer.” he said calmly
Lam going to the interior next week,”
tinned the owner, “and I will see if 1 can't get
you another wife
“Bueno, Seflor
That's ind the man moved off
Alt zh one who has sieceaded in the face
rither unusial diflealtiea, the American
of 2 piece of work

con-

 

of
said he was never prowter

  

than hisehoicsof Chico's new wife He brought
ber down to the firm, Chico wis at the station
to meet her, and the. have served as a model

to the muirriet eounles ever since Such con-

as these mi for every

one witha thinking parton a Central American
ther

form to bea forets

ditions <e if necessary

 

 

 

   

this desirable |

the mili from them? For It does seem to be a
fact that rubber found in open pastures will
not yleld eo much milk ae tho trees growlng
in the forest, where it le cooler and moteter
If {t could be asoertained exanctit what function
the milk of the tree performed, one would
probably be able to tell how much aun and how
much rain would produce the tee with the
largest quantity of mibber The tik ts nota
ear, bit a later whieh ia carricd Just under the

outer bark, and th: alight at niok from a
penkatfe will be followed | 1 thlek liantd,
which If caught on the freer dries at ence,

leaving @ shred of two of pure rubber, like
final) elastic banda

Now If the tree thrives heat when the woody
tlasues are kept cool, it le probable that putting
ft In the hotter, cleared land would tend to
leasen the flow of rubber But if the milk |

| actually a rubber coating to protect the soft

wood from rotting and from the inroads of
anta, or if it fe simply one of those entlemas,
ke the polsonour Juice of the manzilleo, per-
haps, whose use in the economy of nature we
have not vet discovered, there would seem to
be no reason why It should not flow aa freely
Inthe sin asintheshade The former method
would then be the better, as the tree would
certainly come on more quickly and in greater
numbers

There are farms established by exponents
of each theory. One can see in Mexico rows
of young trees in cleared open jand, tn every
respect like a coffee or orange plantation, and
again in Costa Rica the farm conaists of rubber
trees planted in among the forest trees, only
cleared where the growth is very thick, though
of course the bush is kept down by cuttings
twice a year. Those who are following these
two theories will be relieved when they get
their firetcrop. Butat present they are having
rather an anxious time of {t, for, on the one
hand, (t will be expenaive business, not to say
impossible, to plant shade among those trees
{mn the open, and the rubber may be ruined
before the shade comea up. But thia course
would be Imperative should the advocates of
the orchard theory find themselves in the wrong
On the other hand, should the forestry people
be at fault it will require considerable skill
for the owner of the rubber growing in the for
est to out out the treas and let In the sun with-
out {njuring the rubber. Ringing trees at the
right phase of the moon, someeminentacientist4
to the contrary, will go far toward solving the
problem for the grower of rubber in the for-
est and makes his position the stronger of
the two, on the whole, in that he russ the lesser

AT WAR OVER COTTONSEED.

INE INDUSTRY Creed IN THe SOUTH
AS NAVAK HEFORE,

Prices Fier
Athortit
Odds 4

 
  
  

ing Witdiy—Mili Men, State
Growers and Ratiroads ot
s of aw Miestesipp! Trast Mant
New iineinees Methods ir manded,
New Ontwane, Nov 17) The cottonseed
industey of the South is upset as it hae never
been before, and ia in a tangle that will not be
straightened out without important changes
in business methods. Values have fuetuated
wildly, the business has been diverted fromm
one point te another, and there is already
enovel litigation under way to keep the courts
busy for monthe In Misstasippl, for instance,

 

, the State, the oll mill owners, the cotton growers

the railroad companies, the railrowd

ond

the insurance people are pulling in different |

ways. Attorney-General MeClure bas brought
suit against fourteen of the leading cottonseed
mills, charging them with having combined to
form a trust to deprass the price of the seed,

and with having forced {t down from $17 to $13 |

a‘on. The RailroadCommiasion has ordered the
railroads to reduce their cottonseed ratesin the
interest of both the farmers and = the miila
This order is resented by the Yazoo and Missis-

| sippt Valley Railroad, which ts owned by the

risk, as itis easier to cut out the shade than put |

it back.

Still, there {@ a fourth problem. Should
one decide to plant mibber as acrop to be enitl-
vated in the open, why not plant a catch-crop,

coffee or chocolate, aa well and make the farm

| pay from the start? Or could net the planta-

' tion, If made under the forest shade, partially

| thinned out, also serve as a paaturage, after

| the young trees are a year old, and so keep
down the weeds and grass? And why not,
under either system, plant bananas which keep
the ground moist, and rubber likes plenty of
water?

At the present moment {t would he mere

lilinots Central, on the ground that it is Im-
possible to transport cottonseed at the rates
fixed by the commisaion without actual loss.
The railroad has secured a restraining order
and ts charging more than the comrniesion’s
rate. The other railroads accepted the ruling
of the commission, but in cases where there ‘s
a joint haul serious trouble results. Thus
cottonseed destined for Meridian has to go
partly by the Yazoo and Mississippt Valley and

partly by other roads. The former ewallows |

up the entire freight charge, and the other
roads have asked the commission to allow
them to charge more than the regular rates
in order to make good their losses. The com-
mission haa done so, with the natural conse-
quence that there {a a complete disorgani-
zation of cottonseed rates

The ownereaof the milis who have been sued
because they organized for protection declare
that {f the courte sustain the contention of the
Attorney-General that their organization te
a trust it will be impossible to conduct their
business in Miselasippl and they will have to
remove elaewhere As a matter of fact, there
is a cottonseed ofl trust: and If the Independent
mills cannot coAperate to protect themselves,
it will mean their suspenaton. The cottonseed
instead of being manufactured into oll in Mis-
sicsippi will then he transported out of the
State and the trust, with its complete control

of the situation, will he able to fix any price It

‘ eoat of hauling the seed ta small

chooses The recent advance In price of
the aeed ts due to the apringing up of inde-
pendent mills in the araller towns of the South,
to cotton plantations, where the
If the State
crishes out the independent mills the trust will

close the

| fix a price muuch lower, and the greater part

assertion to do more than state these questions, |

aa there ie a great difference of opinion and no
proof in support of any. It seems to be prob-
able, however, that bananas will be found
most desirable as a side crop, being very profit-
able and sulted to growing with rubber
One way in which the rubber supply of the
world might be Increased has not b en mentioned
because the best judges agree that nothing
| ean be done materially to improve the pres-
| ent condition of affairs I[t is by the inereased
development of the Immense tracts of wild
rubber throughout the valley of the Amazon
and its tributaries, and tn Africa
There is no question that enough
| rubber in the thousands of miles of river swamp
in Brazii alone to supply the world for a long
| time to come But those who should know
| most about it consider the natural disad-
| wantagea under which the trade must be car-
| ried on insurmountable beyond a certain point,
and they soy that this point has been reached

tropical
there is

 

of this price will be swallowed up in the trans

portation of so bulky an article as cottonseed |

several hundred miles to the Memphis or New
Orleans mills. The farmer would then get-
lesathan athirdof what he hadrecelved  ‘Thera-
fore if sueceastul the sult brought In the name

| of the State and In the Interests of the cotton

One aees, however, in the newspapers, cheer- |
ing items concerning colonization sehemes to |

take 6,000 negroes from one of the Southern
States and start them at work cutting rubber
on the headwaters of the Now, of
course, anything is possible if you try bard
enough, and it's worth enough money But
how much effort and how money will
find labor that can work ten hours a day in
mud and water, always to the ankles and often
to the waist, in a climate which steams, or
broils, or does both? And it, after your men
have collected a dollar's worth of rubber, they
ean eefl it at a better price to another trader
and you have no control over them, do vou
think they can be counted upen te bring tt
| hack to you? These same writers are apt to
strengthen their case by talking the
law preventing the illicit sale of wild rubber,”
or atating that “ the law siready forbids the
killing of the rubber tree” or vine, as the case
may be “The law,” indeed’
Portuguese agent of police, Iving
mock 1,800 miles from the rubber forests yeu
have preémpted, about the law’ He might
be tempted to reply in @ paraplirase of Mr
Kipling
You couldn't rafta Robby up the Nie
To guard you Inan Equatorial swamp

Ae for the rubber planter’s profits, nothing
definite ean he sild about aa ver \
man might buy a thousind acres of good rubber
land for $5,000 and he might plant it and bring
it to production for & 90)
Ul But now, as to the returns, itis Phe fleur
inzgon the ehicken industry
alarmed at the rate chickens,
pileup. In the same w it is estimated tha
rubber will produce a handsome return
vear at the end of the sixth vear from planting
Any oneecan work out for timself the fotlowinar
sim in multiplication the profits of the
eighth vear: One thousa: d acres, with 206 trees
tothe acre, one pound ofrubber to the tree each
vear, soid ata net profit of 50 cents a pound

Orinoea

mue

Speak to the

his ham-

them

  
 

OM more yin

ane becomes

eggs and profts

  

for

FOUR BIG SEA ROBINS.
Fish at the Aqaarinm That Resemble Big But-
terfiles as Phey Swim.

The Aquarium has now four of the largest,

 

lif not indeed quite the biggest, sea robins it
has ever had. They were taken off Long
Branch and measure in length ef body about

Afteen inches, and from tip to tip of their great
ns about th When tt is in

sare

 

pectoral

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pho third proplem before the farmer of rab- | motion, with its witgs extended to their ut-
ber is where to plant Caatilla elastica, for | most, the sea rollin looks readiy more ilke
pra Uo purposes the only rubber in Central ; a marine butterfly with a disproportionatels
American, has an extremely varied habitat larwer body than a bird
It is found at all elevations up te 2,000 feet and | When on the bottom the sea rabin con.
fy a rest variet. of soils and locations, with | moniy. carries its pectoral tins fowded against
A consequent variation of rainfall, So here | tts body dike (wo fooded fans, one on euel: sidg

. . 1 has prayeet rites eit rstae of the tine
egnin the farmer must make a choice, and one | Saat of its bods, re bat y of its te .d. " aah
nen whiek li} probably depend, | of four siender, ff Sine, dght-eolored finger.
with nothing tee min the making As | van feelers, aboula quarter as oles isi broad

‘ 1 Jt is able w these to dl in the sand or mud

y 1 cay t Ss oor bd . .
regard ton ‘ eded that Castillon on the be 1 sulictentiy to unearth there
fee da a tropical nate, a rainfall that can be) some of Wie thiigs upon whieh tt feeds, as
depended upon, a good drainage, and an ele. | shrimps and other st all erustaceams It dais
eatinn of te than t feet. hut the " _ | a Wide, capaciotis Trenth, weil agiapit d te en

ition mit these condi- | ayie it to seize upon anything that it niay have
tions leave great lat tude ef choice rooted out of startiod out of a refuge in the

Theor st im? 1 tof the ieetions rej-  inud or

Han to tha met 1 of nlanting she a Sometimes the sea robins in their tank here
7 cs cone e rubber | in the Aquarium may be seen moving about
ne “ “ he farmers ore most it the bottom with their body clear of it, tut
a@lyided, and is pret the most vital con- feelers touching the sand Then they
: ss » o be waikt)y on these feelers, as
rected with its enltivation It is the question | “ to © 4 « ' is on
mattak tn Cetk th Bhat : in “ DY gender legs. and then more than ever do they
whether to ‘ in groves, In the open, or | seem, not ‘ike fishes or birds, but like some
under forest” shack lhe advocate of the | sort of big bug walking around
former system sovs that in any other part of |. The sea robins are niost 4 ' to be observed
| ne nte . . | here in repose, or movirre about in leisurely
te world, if one w ato get a particular manner upen the botom, or in some short
crop, it is customary to give the tree or plant | and easy fleht ino wht h they scarcely more
allthe chance possible. One clearsthe ground, | than half spread ther wing These are seen

furna it up, and after the tree is planted, keeps |
all weeda from encroaching upon its Nght and |
not apply these elementary
principles to rubber, and plant in ploughed and

food space Whs
open land, in groves, like an apple orchard?

The advocate of
to the

the forestry eveten,

however, manner in

which the
grows naturalls

tiriving best un

 

der shade, in a cool, wet spot

points, |
tree

and save that rubber is found

to the greatest advar
robin is after something t
i feeding time, and when the food consists of
| shrimps. of which the sea robin ie very tond
Throw into the water at the top of the tank
|

ag nivy when the sea
earnest, as h

 

a handful of shrimp and all the sea robbing
come soaring up from the bottom after them
moving swiftly through the water and swirg-
ing and curving this way and that, with their
wings extended to their widest. Seen then they
are sure fo present a surprising appearance
to one who aees them for the firet time, and

and by “thrives,” he « , } 1g | this not only on account of the unexpecte
the most rm re “4 tye, he MeANS Ives | size, aa now revealed, of their Secidedis’ wae
€ rubber. The tree will grow, it is | like pectoral fina, but also because cf the re-

quite true, faster in the open than in the forest,
@nd rou will get vour groves of rubber trees
more auckly, but the question is, will you get

markable coloring of these wings as we!)
ther are of a deep orange for the greater part
of their area, shading to a lig

the edges.

| Past

growers would be Ilkely to prove a boomerang
The mill men deny that they have any organt-
zation which secks to fix the price of cotton-

seed, and say that their association ts purely |
for the purpose of settling disputes among

themselves: and ts modelled on an organization
in Texas, which State, In spite of the fact that
{a a great hunter of trusta, has never proceeded
legally againat the Texas Cotton Crushers’
organization. The mudden fall in
of seed was due, they aay, to the fact that the
rates which formerly prevailed from $17 to
@2) a ton were too high and tt was {mpossitle
to make money tn the business at these flgurea,

Cottenseed advanced from $8 last Noveme
ber to $17 and $21 thls November, or more

than double, while the price of ofl and other
products has remained stationary

On the other hand, it Is noted that a confer-
ence of the millmnen from all parts of the South
held in New Orleans was followed by similar
meetines in the several States
ines were held in secret, and immediately af-
terward the price of cottonseed suddenly fell,
the mills all refusing to give more than $13 a
ton for it

The Mississippi milla havea heen among the
worst sifferers in matter, owing largely
the fact that \ phis and New Orleans
depend largely on that State for their supply
of seed = South is another sufferer
and ita mills will lose fn the rear’ businese
The price of cattenseed there went up rec ently
to At this rate the more cottonseed
the mills erushed, the crecter was the loss and
a number of the mills deemed it advisable to
close up until the price fell There are sixty
mills in South Carelina, and they made tha
mistake of trving to eorner the market in order
to Savannah and other Georcia
mille from getting the Carolina seed as in the
Seed was selling at #14 a ton when this
ted, and under the etimulus

the

 

tr

Carolina

22 a ton

the

prevent

corner wis attemt

the price advanced fo $20 and @2t% a ton Then
I the bottom dropped out of the marker
The remarkable advance in the price of

! rernorkable

j the same

THE SUN, S

|

 

the Texas mille will return to their beat dare
In the cottonseed crushing buciness and declare
® percent dividends

It Will be eeen from these facta how demoral-
feed and tangled the industry is, the prices for
aeed fluctuating wildly and differing areatiy
in different parte of the South, with the result
that the mille, almost wthout exception, are
losing heavily in South Carolina, while in Texas
they are earning 9 percent dividends, It is
Quite evident that there ia no established market
price for cottonsead. Mr. Haynes of the
New Vork Commercial, while visiting New
Orleans,sug@ested that cottonsead and Ita prod-
Heta should be quoted in the market output

or

| as cottonia and the proposition has been favor-

ably received and will probably be acted on by
the New Orleans Cotton Exchange and Board
of Trade

One of the disturbing elements in the cotton-
seed industry is the matter of freight rates
Theriverratetsaliright. Itis fixed and cheap,
and the cottonseed of! mills on the Mississippt
at Memphis, New Orleans and Vicksburg enjoy
A great advantage over those In the interior
But the railroad rates are universally com-
plained of. Cottonseed ts a very bu ky article.
The mill men complain not only that they
have to pay bigh prices but also that they are
subjected to delays and annoyances of all kinds
Tt did not matter so much formerly, when only
a small part of the cottonseed crop reached the
mills, but now such is the increased demand for
the seed that nearly all of itis used. The Raii-
road Commission in Mississipp! has come to
the relief of the mills by insisting on a new rate
for cottonseed much lower than the rate which
has prevailed. Thus, while the State ts proe-
ecuting the mills for endeavoring to force
down the price of cottonseed, It ls through f's
commission fighting the railroads {n the Inter-
est of the milla to force the former to reduce
their rates on cottonseed.

There are {ndications that the cottonseed
Industry is on the brink of a great revolution
whieh will bring order out of all the chaos and
ayatemative the business It has been grow-
n@ steadily: the output of the mille has heen
taken up at once, as fendily ae the cotton
itself; but there is a marked lack of systern,
whieh is well (Iustrated in the fict that there is
no relation between the price of the ootton-
seed and the priee at which the oll and other
products sell These may go down while
cottonseed is hooming upward

In the meantime, the experiments at New
Orleans to find new uses for the oil, ond espe-
clally to make it available as a substitute for
linseed oll have, it [s asserted, proved thoroughly
sueeeseful Experiments in the latter direc-
tlon have heen made for years, but they have
heen failures It was ensy ta degum the cot-
tonseed oil, but asthe paint made with it would
not dry in twelve months, it was worse than
vseless. The new procesa haa overcome this
diMeulty. The cottonseed ofl is firat degum-
med. Itfathen clarified by a simple chemical
treatment and comes out a beautiful amber,
It passes through seven processes in all and is
finally, it is declared, equal to Calcutta oll, the
Anest quality of linseed. The degummed oil
becomes Incorporated with the dry leads
and paints It dries on out-of-door-work in
elght and on indoor work In twelve hours

The inventors and experimenters have be-
Niewed for ycars that they were on the verge
of the diseovery of a process that would adayt
cottonseed ofl to painting purposes. It has
been used aa an adulterant for olive oll, lard
and half a doven other articles, and a market
haa thus been secured for all produced. If
it can he used as a substitute for linseed oil,
it will be an even greater victory for it than
any other. The possibility that the new proc-

| ese will accomplish all predicted for it is an-

other element which helps to render the cotton-

| aeed eftuation an uneertain one, for if cotton-

the price |

(ll these rneet- |

seed of} ean be used in painting it is worth a
great deal more than It has been selling at.

JAPAN'S NEW BATTLESHIP.

Her Special Feature a Belt of Armor Giving
Protection as Far as the Upper Deck.

Troxnpos, Nov The following are the
detaila rezarding the Japanese battleship
Mikasa, launched at Barrow-in-Furnesa this
week She is, roughly speaking, a sister ship
to the Acahi and Hastuse, which she resemb!es
in the matter of displacement, dimensions and
armament, though there are important diver-
gencies whichtend to make her of special intere
Her dimensions are as follows: Length hee

10

est

| tween perrer diculars 4 feet, the overealllengeth

_ knots before replenishing her bunkers

cottonseed is due to two causes, the inerensed |

demand for the seed and the belief that the
eatron erop was small and consequently that
there would be less seed in the market The
South Carolina mill men helieved in the very
emalleron theorve whereas the Georgians refused
ta buy seed at the faney price it was command-
ing and preferred to close their mills until the
price fell ft did fall When it beeame evi-
dent that the eetten crop had been
timated, cotton itself went down, and cert
aood down even more proporti
in the South Atlantic States The South
lina oil mills wh
prices have lost heavil

On the other hand the Texas mille are coin-
‘There is

underes~
ne
went
Caro-

 

ine
outside mille to compete with them for Texas,
cottonseed and the home companies have

things their own war The difference in prices
of ceed in different parts of the South has heen
this vear, especially when it is
considered that the cotton itself brings nearly
everywhere Thus while the
South Carolina mills were paying $22 a ton
for seed, and those of Mississippi and Lonisfana
17, the Texas mills all they wanted at
1050, except the Houston mills, which had to
pay $12

There has been a large inerease in the num-

price

vot

her of mills in Texas this vear, ard nearly all
of them are running double time, and will
keep on nieht and day through the winter
They, have another advantage over those of
the other States in having a local market
close at hand, as they provide the bulk of
the winter food for the cattle grown on the
ranches in western Texas The advance in

the price of cottonseed produeta of late vears
has hod a very material effect on the Texas
eattle business The advance has been such
that the ranchinen refused to buy any cotton

) seed ment from the mills last year, declaring

hter orange at |

that they could net) afford to do so at the
price whieh prevailed The cattle suffered
in consequence and were far from fat when

the spring came, and but for the fact that there
were very few cattle‘on the ranches
ply having been cut down by the war demands
there would have beeg heavy losses This
winter a compromise has been reached be-
tween the cottonseed mill men and the ranch-
men The former are turning out a new meal,
in which the hulls of the cottonseed are mixed
and are selling it at $ a ton leas than the
meal for export to England and Germany
They have already undertaken to feed 200,000
eattle through the winter, and 200,000 more
will be dependent on cottonseed for their prin-
cipal food before Christmas, in spite of the
popular belief that the heef of cattle so fed
acquires an oily flavor from the cottonseed
The Texas mills are, therefore, doing splen-
didly thia year, especially as the cottonseed
crop is one of the best in quality ever grown in
the South. Last year the oll produced was

the sup.

| fourteen

heing 492 feet. her beam ia 78 feet, and at a
drought of 27 feet 2 inches her displacement is
about 15,140 tons The engines will develop
1A. Ohorse power, caleulated to eive her a speed
of 18 knots) Her normal coal supply will he 700
tons with a capacity for 1,400 tons, which will
her travelling about 9,000 miles at 10
The
engines will be of the triple exnansiontyrpe with
three es and there will be twenty-five
Belleville boilers with economizers fitted to each

The Mikasa is protected by acomplete armored
helt, cons of a Harveved nickel steel of
Vickers manufacture of 0 Inches thickness over
aepace of 14% feet amidships, covering the vital
portions of the vessel This is continued fore
and aft by armor, tapering from 7 inches to 4
inches, terminated at the after end by a @-inch
bulkbead, thus forming a complete protection
over the entire water lineoftheship Thetelt
extends from 4 feet & inches below the water
line to 2 feet Ghinches above, and is there met by
the @®ineh citadel armor, which continues the
protection from the top of the belt to the upper
hk The citadel comprises the chief de-

allow

lindera,

 

   

ting

ae

| parture from the ordinary practice in the design

|
'

nately |

eh laid in their stock at boom |

of thia ship, as hesides protecting the space

NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

|
|
|
!
|
|
|
|
|

between the belt and the main deck battery, it |

e place of the ordinary arrangement
nsually found in British and
foreicn battleships and entirely protects the
he nthe fighting deck

The advantage of this arrangement over
ates will be seen when it is considered

takes t

of casemates

ein nea

 

easer

that throughout the whole of the centre portion

no possible chance for |

of the ship the crew are protected from injury

while working the guns, while the gun posi- |

tions themselves are equally protected in front
asin the casemate arrangement, and are in-
finitely less vulnerable in the rears, which are
protected now by the G-inch armor on the
opposite side of the ship, as well as by thethick
steel] bulkheads which divice the gun pesitiona
one from another. The conning tower is pro-
tected by i4-ineh armor, and the
tower aft by three inches of armor

In addition to the above protection thera
isa protective deck below the main deck, which
extends thronehout the whole length of the

) Shin, and consists of twoinches of armor onthe

flats, and three inch» onthe slopes
armament is represented by four 12-inch
breech loading guns, mourted in paire for-
ward and aft. These are pinced in armored
harbettes fourteen inches thick above the

; me

observer |

Theheavy |

upper deck and ten inches below, where they |

are covered by the sereen bulkhead. The
heavy quick-Cring armament is composed of
ix-inch guns, tenof them mounted in
the armored citadel above described, and

four of them mounted on the upper deck in

leasem ites, Tn addition to these there are
twenty 12-pounders, eight &-pounders, and
four 2'.-nounders, all quick-flring e@uns: and

| the torpedo equipment consists of four enb-

merged tubes two forward andtwo eft. The

| weight of meta) discharged by this armament

in one minute is eleven anda half tons, repre-
senting a striking enerey of 1,227,120 font-tona,
while the welght of metal disehareed from the
guns available on one broadside in a minute
is seven and a balf tons, elving a striking
eneray of just under one million foot-tons

Ttema From Champ's Corners.

From the Watertown Herald.

CHAMP’S CORNERS, Nov, 16. Charile Austin
and Emogene Steinhilber were married Tuesday.
‘They oucht to be happy. Charlie was only & when
he went to school to his wife

Herbert Joslin is thinking of starting a toothpick
factory. There is lots of sweet maple in this vicinity,
and Herbert has Just discovered the use of toothy! cks.

There was & dance and card party atold lady Whit
taker's Monday evening. Bert Loomis and Ear!
Cranaon lost theirgirla, but each found a dlack eye.

reddish in color and of a low quality, and the | ‘There will be another party there next week;
mills did only fairly well This year mans of | geede for the bene®s of the oirevisting brary,

SINGER'S LIFE ABROAD.

"v

A

CHANCES FOR AWERICAN GIRES

OrRnA IN ROROP?.

Minnie Tracey's Career in F ance Ordeal of
Artiste at Marseilles Pieseant Fife im the
Provincial Towns The Desire to Sing Mere.

"Tt 19, of course, quila possible foran American
@irl to have a wery delightful artistic career
abroad,” avid Mies Minnie Traces only ewery
one of then feele after a while aa if she would
like to come back and «ing for her own people
| have beer settled for the
entire lending soprane at some one
of the veading Freneh opera houses, and any
hody who thinks that such a eareer cannot be
delightful for an artiet makes © great mistake
Last winter, for inatance, Laang for five months
and a half at Bordeaux | had a delightful
little apartment there, a great many English
people were in the city’s society, which was,
of course, much more concentrated than that
of Paris, but in every other wv was just as
charming Americans always think that «tte
side of Paria there is no city in France ‘The
onty differance between life in Paris and in
Bordeaux and Marseilles is that in the envatler
towns one sees constantly the same people
The social circles are amader and the same
faces appear everywhere Otherwise life for
an American is quite ae delightful in therm a8
{t would be in Pars

“During the five and a half months of the
season last year | sang three times a week,
always the leading dramatio rAles, and the
company was excellent. Woe had a apiendidly
trained chorus of over eighty voices, and there
wae large city subvention amounting to more
than $50,000 for the expenses of the opera, 80
there was always beautifui scenery and cos-
tuming. The whole company was made up
of the best French artistes who were not singing
in Paris or outside of France

“The public thera ia most eritical, as it is
in all French cities The standards may he
right or wrong, but the people are very exacting
as their fulfilment Last winter one of
the best-known tenors in the opera ¢ » to
give a series of performances at Bordeaus
He had a very bad cold, but the seats had aly
been sold for his first performance and the
manager thought it necessary have him
appear if he possibly could He did sing and
the role was Raoul in ‘Lea Hugenots’ Before

nearly every
wun as

year

 

to

 

to

he had finished the romance in the first act, the |

house was in an uproar, and from that time
until the curtain fell he was received with
shouts and insults, whistles and the most
blood-ceurdling calls that could possibly
greet any unfortunate You may imagine
what my feelings were in appearing with him,
particularly in the last duet) The puble was
disgusted because he had a cold, and the fact
that he came from the Grand Opéra tn Paris
made not the least difference to the people
They expected to hear a good tenor and with
the frankness characteristic of all French
audiences expressed their disappointment,
however humiliating it was to the man

“The theatre in Bordeaux was built by Louis
XIV, and is one of the best specimens of that
period of architecture «till existing in France
It has recently been restored and it isa perfect
delight to any American girl with artistic tasve
to appear in such a theatre and enjoy success
among surroundings that are so much a part
of the Old World

“After my first vear at Geneva 1 was asked
to go down to Marseilles and sing three tirpes
at the opera house to see if T would succeed in

eat

 

getting an engagement You know that is
the test that every singer has to mo through,
He or she must sing in three operas Before

nee the stage
iecompanied

the last act of the third periorm
manager comes before the curtain
by one of the officials of the city, and asks the
people whether or not they are enough satis-
fled with the artist to have hirn or her in the
company
yells back an enthusiastic
if the singer has tailed, the auswer is just as
decidedly of the other kind, and there is net the
least erlantry inthe manner in whieh this opine
ion isexpressed [was delighted at the oppor-
tunity because the opera at Marseilles is one
of the most important in France | had suc
ceeded during miv season at Geneva and saw
no feason why [ shouldn't fare just as well
nt Marseilles T never once thenght of the
awful way the public has of indicating its dis-

 

If the artist has pleased, the publi
affirmative 1

   

 

   
 

an

approval when an artist fails to come up to
its expectations So - wrote the manager
that | would come, agreed on a date and told

Sybil Sanderson what | was going to do

 

   

**Minnie Tracev.' she said. ‘vou're a goose
They treat French people badly enough at
Marseilles ond vou are a foreigner Tf weu
go down there, they'll throw apples, melons
and everything at vou Two ‘tT go through
the ordeal for anvthirg in the werld

“LT have abways been courageous and had
plenty of confidence in myself, so DT decided

T would not be frightened by this discouraging

  

prospect I went down to Marseilles it}y
mv maid and went first rehearsal I
was to sing Alice in “R le Diable.” and the
orehestra rehearsel passed off sphendicdly i
was very tired after that. and whee T get i

the cab to drive back to the hotel [ teld 1
driver to take us out on the clits After
had dciven outinto theopen country he turned
to me and asked if T wasn't new <irger
at the opera | said T was intended to
sing Alice in a few days

“*You had better be careful,’ he enid. tor
if vou don't vou'll get this’ and he pulled on
of his pocket a metal whistle, whitch he pu
his mouth and emitted the most ghaeth: shriek
Then he put it back in his pocket and turned

the

and

 

around again to me. ‘LE am ealled Terrible
dack of the Pit,” he said, ‘and Tam famous
for the row LT always raise when they are bad
sinvers at the opera.’

[ thought thet what Miss Sanderson had
said to me was possibly right and that T was
4 little bit toe conrageous to come down alone

to the city where even the cabmen turned out
to raise an uproar if the singers were not in
aceordance with the = standard As Inek
would have it, | eaight a dreadful eeld tat
afternoon It was warm when 1 started ont
and it grew suddeniy ehills oT was nearly
speechless with hoarseness by the newt morn.

 

  

ing I told the manager that it weuld be ant
of the question for me to anpear at the date we
had first greed on My anppeairinee wos

again po-tnoned and three times during the
first week [ had te withdraw efter ms name
had been put on the programme

‘Finally the manager said, well or il, T sheuld
have to make an apperrancee. New sou
had been provided for the oners and the pupiie
wented to see it He said the mimor had g@attan
around that T owas frighter after T renched
Marseitles and heard how artists were treated
and had gone back to Paris that some day I
had arrived He said that T would have ta
anpeir hoarse or not, otherwise he would lose
his place, as the peoole hod begun to susneet
that he was net seting fairl So T consented
and, with trenidation at the thoneht of the eqh.
and their whistles, T storted te sing

   

 

 

 

"LT got throuch fairly well The audience
was pot erthusiastic, but it was quiet and re.
sneotful Meo next nerformanece was tea tye in

‘Les Huanenoets' TD wesin vere good voice ty

 

 

 

that time and had entirely got over me eald
The audience howled and velled at the thasce
and hid very little natienee with the tenor
tut Eeame throuch trimmerhant! The mana.
wer was very well satisiied and said he was
certain that at me next oenearinee the nublir
would be perfectl: satished te neoept me for
the season, He seid thet PE should sing Blea

  

in ‘Lohenwwrin,’ as he wanted to put the onera
on and knew that it would make ae
for the nublic

reat sue.

hear 1

  

  
   

 

Cress Was anal ,

1 told him To hed ne idea of singing ane thi;

but Alice, whieh T hod tried i first an.

pearance and strageled through with a sere

throat He was in desnsir

“Whe in the world go baek te that awful

| night and sing the rile ove ‘in,’ he «nia

‘You got through it well enoueh for a woman

 

with a sere throat and von ought to be satis.
fled. Sing Klaa and vou will tnake a furor’
"Bot Powas firm, and declined tosing anything

 

but Alive. and as Twas in @ position te nwame
the réles T would sing, the n anager ecptented
himself by declaring that tt was impossible

' te do ansthing with wild Americans and said

 
 

1 could go to my ruin if To winted to The
night of my third id last trial arrived 1
was of course entirely well by this time, and

ename through the magnificent fret act hettrer
than [ had ever exrected to There was tre

 

mendous uproar after the curtain fell [rt
was impossible to quiet it, though T appeared
rereatedls It seemed as if the enti VuClonCe

 

 

were shouting, “We want Mile Tracey." or
‘We want the American va
“When it became perfectly evident that

the performance was not to geo on, the manager
eame before the curtain with the city om
who should have apreared after the four!
act They put the question then and the a:
dience answered aMriostively in the most
enthusiastic outhreak That never happen:
before in Marseilles There never had bee
aman or woman singer aece;ted until ¢
question was put toward the end of the oper
It is very delightful to have won this distinetion
as a foreianer, and for six months of th vA
season T had all the leading dramatic ri’
T waa the firat to sing Flaa there, and acquired
of course a very laree French repertoire
fngiudes more then forty at eras

“Every year since that time I have gon ok
to Mareoilies and oupe ata terion of rectal
‘ormances. Life very de there
for the bad smells from the streets and op

 

  
 

 

 

|

  

the ¢
tell

birth of Adam, in the second month
aeve
ned for forty davsand night«
fl ured
Genesis reads
vears and b
his image
in the sixth verse it
vearsand?}
verse
and the latter after the birth of Enos lived so?
years
when he was @&
he oh
Was 65 Jared hegat Enoch when he was 102 j
Methusaleh was born to Enoch when the latter
res , and When Methusalel was 187 he begat |
ineeh
the world when the Cither was 182
usd

ent yerus rents as follows

dredth vear of Noah's life, in the

the eevee n Gas of the ants tes coat at

Toned ie the wr xins of the great d
s was the flood, and it came to

the year 1689 after the birth of ‘Adama, er

  
     

 

 

| the qunye to waa very charmin netted
In an opartment. and there waa much to f
Hf agreeable Co a worn interemeted in le !
Meetioftle Prench cities of any si7@ offer) exe
an" in¢fueerneote to the American air ne
strug@e andof course with talent enough
to work om
tar nie raygretful thie sear that | oe
fo the United States inetead of acing Sie
where | woe to hate euna during the entire
. Hot Teoppoee Pih@o there tes eur
One ol theather ‘dell fut cities inwhs Ihave
frequent une iC aire Lite te ples there
The otera te excellent, and artiet ”
le attended with «ome very deliahttyl features
Altewether, the Amertoan girl who takes her
reputation abroad wilh find that te reer
ill not be half bad On toe contrary it is

Very aati«fving

Foon00 REWEDIES

Some That Were Kecognized by the Highest
Authority in London Not Long Ago

Wraon the ' iJ
Somebody bas ssid of the mediow! profes ion

ind with seme relevinee, that ub itenty elected

the cures that it preteosioms Eo] for there
would be lese of quiuckery in the world Hut
in the livht of histervy the inference is severe

The evobation of medieine,

been unusdalls

Upon the doctors

even amon its professors, five

slow as eompared to other professions and
ealliines ‘The practice ot medicine came
from man’s Sanerstinous dosite te lech him.

selv, and in the moin atonayv be maintained
that the medteal profession to-day is tir in
advance of its patronage The burel of 49
man in wet sand at Menominee, Wiel. in the

belief that the interment «ould care rheumatism
ie only an index of how slowly the masses of
the people are wetting away from the voodoo
practices of their anceators According to all
dingnoses of the eneh an interment
could only aggravate rheumatism, but probably
the old fetich aphorivimn, that “che hair of 1 dow
i8 food for its bite, led some one te urge this
treatment upen the man with the
result that he de now virwually disablet

jester at the conrt of the Duke
of Lerrara in France, in the fitteenth century
made the assertion (hat more people pretended
t tnthe world

disease

 
 

Michigan

Cronellie, a

ohewne than toallthe otherar!

   

 

 
 

 

Po prove it, he simply walked down the street
in his m teap, with bis cow teed up, and mare
than 20) persons stepped tue ta tell hiaimoof sae
eures forte toot " lo-day this observas |
ten of @ noldematu'’s jester teav be believed
to hold as coed osit didthen

One of the strongest arguments for the com-
mon dbsent of all rnen s been found in the
pra ties of medioines among sivave people
Kinsuin has been established ino thes’ prac-
tices between every nation under tt sn
In Forone, after the steas engine had been
Poe ted, the pharnacs, ain was 200) vears
ehind that innovation

nh o78 the oloirmacopa@ia of the College
of Physi tans of London recomrited the shell
of a person dving a viclent death as being of
creat medicinel valve The horn of the tmni-
corm, toa, was a soe ifle acaivst anv ills
In (724 the virtues of human fat, of skulls, cf
unieorns horas and of toads, vivers and lizards
were recognised by tie sane iistitetion. In
1742 the pharmacoraya was considerably re.
vised, but it retained centipedes, lizards and
Vinoers upon the list

Handreds of years before, in China and
Japan, the sine objects were revered by the
medical practitioners They eame from him |
to the newer world bevond doubt Japan
until recently believed in the virtrves of the
earbonized remains of eoniumon antnala, Chick-
ens, cats, birds, dows and manv other creatures |
were kept in the back vards of the doetor,

and the outient made his selection of the anirnal
whl

    

 

) shold nerform the cure. The creature
would be killed with some ceremony and burnt |
to Yes before the eves of the sick one As
foon as possible afterward the eurative re-
mains would be anplied. From live animale

toueday the doctor has taken to dried ereatures

 
  

 

shins, horns th and claws, taken from al-
most ev rrinable ereatcre The farther |
these things have travelled the more value
ther are ie aed ty) «area

India hesa like surerstition, and Gen, Pohert

Warden tells of having kitted a fine tiger and
Temoved its skin
tronhy they beaved to be told where the body
of the animal was buried, explaining that from
Its hones a decortion conld be made that would
cause those who drank {t to become immensely
stron and cours ceous .

Englind had the same fetich in 1685, when
Dr Toone of Oxford became interested in the
mneoverin’ of a eraveof the onclent Britons on
Hoknen Hillin Wrtshire. The hodies of these
tnen had been laidin the ground feet to feetina
circle, The doctor evs

“The hones were large and nenrly rotten
but the teeth were extream and woenderfully
white. T dog on many bushels, with which T
made a noble medicine” At one time human
shoutia were exnorted from Tretand to Germany,
to he used fy redicine, and the mummified re-
hieins of the ancient Eeyytians were much
soneht after

At the present dav it ieenid that more rattle.
anake ofl is bottled in Dennevivania than ever
hefore in the historv of the State
Eneland cohw
Agne. and in the Sovth a certain knuckle bone
ina pie’s foot iso sure cure for rheumatiem. if
it he earried in the mocket or worn suspended
fromn a string sro d the neck

Trocine the snider sceh rill, it oriefnated tn
Ching, where oll smocies of ineeete hod certain
positive or negative volies in medicine In
Pekin it is eustomary to give twa to three
seor ions or arider. 18 a patient il of fever
Th Treland the reisantry swallow small sniders
alive te effect cure From these the cobweb
rill of the New Fnglenid neasont was easy In
Flanders the live snider is fastenad Inte the
emoty shell of a walnut and worn around the
of the natient As the ereature dias the
de reiwes until it is 1 entirely
This attention to the snider as an agent is
thorght to have eome from the enidemie of
anider insanity thet ran through Italv at the
end of the fourteenth century
7 re fn ai

 

  

   

 

    

 

motu

sionesed to have produced

the enidamic, though it has lone been certain +

The |

that the creature is perfecty harmless
alleced victim. however, became oppressed,
morbid. crew livid and at the sound of muste
wonld been a half-roanineal dance, keening it
upto exhaustion Por three centuries the nil-
rent existed, spreading throurheut Italy
Phen it waned and died, levving only the “taran-
telle” dence as a remembrance :

In the [United States the Southern negro has
done a creat detlto harbor the voodoo practices

   

 

 

of the Old World — In the haekwoods of all the
States, however, semi-witeheraft) and the
virtues of unheord-of oninals,insects and refuse
rmatierare extolled, according to the enlighten-

mentofthes

 

etion

In thousands of communities there is a frm
belief that a buckeve, or horse c} estnut carried
in the noeket, will keep awev theumaticm, or
cure it if the wearer alrende bas it

It is beliewed that for warts the notching
of on elder twig one netch for each wart
ind its burial in a secret place will cause warts

to dianpenr

In Perosvivania the oil cf rettleeroekes is
t served inost carefelly as a liniment especi-
aliv good for sere tcints and for rhenmatiem
In nrocuring the cil the @ead snake is nailed
head and teil te a beard and cut open” The

 

 

 

 

fat istaken out and laid upen a cloth inthe bot
sun, from which the filtered cil erips into a
iar From fear that the reptile mey heave
hitten iself. the clear cil is tectee by ereppire
an ion of it inte mill Vf it fonts ip cre
x! it is regorced os uroeffected If, on

 

theotherhand. it breabsirto beads and eurceles
the milk it is Cetermined as potsenens and
thrown away Skunk oil in like merner helds
a great place among country cure-alls

Theevagh all these more or less enperstitic ins
agencies has come the present pharmacepmia

 

of the vhusician With it base come the vepter
core, the genres cure, the faith enre, the mird
eure, the livenotie eure and seores of similnr
“arhools” ¢ practice These “schocls” are
multioiving, tao

THE DATE OF THE FLOON.

ible Facts on Which the Southern Bishop
Based Uls Question.

Some neoovle have had fun lately over the

reported rviection of eizht candidates for the

African Methodist
\Aminine hi 4
the date of

nistry in the South by
» heeause they eould not
flood. Nevertheless, the

  
 

Kishop who asked the question knew what he
wos doing

Tt may not have been a fair ques.

tion, but there is a concise answer to itt in the
Bible,
eand.da

id he ne doubt thought that the eight
es, if they were well versed in the Old
Testament, would) answer it at ance

  

The dite of he flood was 1,656 vears after the

teenth dar It began then and contin-

Lhis is how it t«
The third verse of the Neth chaniar 1
thus And Adam lived 120
cutasonin his own likeness, after |
and called his name Seth.’

 

 

, Then, |
‘ is told that Seth lived 195
fa! Enos Adam, savsthe fourth |
lived OO Vears, after the birth of Seth

 

So it goes on
Painan be

Mahalaleel he

Enos beat Cainan
t Mahalaleesl when |
' Jared when he |

  
    

ws

 

a

and Latmneen's son, Noah, came inte
. This brings
which, according
several patriarchs at

 

wn tothe birth of Noal
o the added ages of the

the time their sone were bern, occurred 1.0
years after the birth of Adatm oe

Tn the seventh chanter of Genesia the ley.
“In the six hun.

© windows of heaven wore, eater 2

When the natives caw thie

A In New |
his are surresed to eure the |

The Mra ofthe |

and the | even if you

| which you

  
 

‘POR COMMON WORSIIP,

ANEW ROOK OF TRADER AnOLT Tonk
PUARLisneD

it Wae Prepared by the New Tork State Con
ference of Religion by an Fptecopatian «
Unitarian and a dew, and fe Intended
for tee by People of All Religions

In a few dave there will be tasued from the

 

press ny book which wlll be rather a noveit
in the religions world and whieh la dlatinetie
on the jines of the new thought developed

recently by the federation idea among churches,
The rapid development of this ldea hae alreade
attracted the conferencce

wide attention in

fof churches held in the last few years with
Inereasing freuen the main purpose in
pal of them being the prom thon of religious
founity ameng denominations The book, ade
j copies of whieh have been elreulated
among federation workers. is) the product

of the New York State Cone
ference of Religion, the latest of the gathere
ings to held in New York It expresses
one of the aims of this conference In its title
A Book of ¢ rion Worship

striking feature of this volume,
which fs on the mest advanced lines of liberal
is the entire elimination of any see.

| vance
}
j in a general wity

 

Which i

[The most

 

thonugh!,
tatlan it fluoenees in its pages and in tts come
pilation the Jew and the Christlan worked

together The three compilers, constitutta
'

 

a special conmitt of the conference, were
Heber Newton of All Saints’ Epis
copal Church, Dro Thomas R. Slicer of All

Souls’ Unitarian Chureh, and Dr. Gustav Gott-
heil, the well-known Jewish rabbi

The New York State Conference of Re'll-
gion had its first meeting In New York last
week and work was rushed on the book tn

order to have advance ecpics of it for use at

|
|
|
|
| the Kev. R
|
|
|
|

   

this meeting At the meeting it met with
great approbation and a vote of thanks was
| given to its compilers Tn the assectattion
j of Jew and Christian wh! ‘h is represented
in the ithorship of the book is ibustrated
the character of the eonferenee of whiel, tt
may be reg@irded as the property The eons

gress of Relighone
embodies the sane
that of gathering
gether of all religions, For
an assemblage of jaracter a commen
form of worship whieh should eontain nothe
ing offensive to those composing It was found
to be needed and in preparing for the mectl @
which terminated last) week Executive
Committee appointed last spring a
inittee to consider the possiblity of common
worship. On this was decided
to put men whose views were apparenthe of
the greatest divergence In order that their
work might be satisfactory to Hence
it was that Dr. Newton, Dr. Sticer and Dr.
Gotthell egreed to collaborate The
j committee reported last May urging the ime
portance of the element of worship in a con
| ference mainly devoted to discussion, and
| Dr. Newton suggested certain Scripture reads
| ings and afew hymns and papers to be com-
piled into a hook
| The consideration of this report by the con-
| ference determined the sub-committee to en-
large considerably the scope of its original
plan as suggested by Dr Newton It wos
decided to prepare more extensive Scriptur sl
readings, from the Old and the New Testament
| and from the echnic Scriptures, to make @ selec-
tion of pravers and collects and to follow these
| with a number ot hymns, the whole making a
book of worship and hemnal combined which
conid be used unhesitatingly in any  assem-
blage The hook is the outeome of this In
the compilation of it Dr Newton did most of
the work of selection but the others assisted
+ him and agreed on all the contents
| The first part of the book thus eompored
| is made up of Scripture readings taken frora
the Jewish and Christian Seriptures. They
are divided into three groups according to their
relation to the subjects of universality in re-
ligion, ethical and spiritual religion, and re-
ligion in society and State Following thetn
are responsive readings which are from the
Old Testament and are selections used in wer-
ship in the synagogues. For each of the threa
subjects enumerated there are also readine=
from the ethnic Scriptures. taken from the
sacred books of the East_issued under t'«
editorship of the late Max Mulier There are «
| great vamety of prayers in the book, ‘They
are divided into collects of universality, collects
of ethical and spiritual religion, collects «f
religion, society and State, and doxologies and
benedictions Many of these pravers will be
new to Christians as they have been selected
from Jewish offices Others are taken from
the offices of the kastern «hurch and of the
Rotman Catholic Church and the Book of Com-
mon Prayer of the Episcopal Church furnished
many. The formula closing many Christian
collects had to be omitted for obvious reasons,
the earlier usage being returned to

The hymns in the book are grouped under
the same subjects as the prayers, none being
selected which contained any reference to
Christ as the Deity Altogether the book is
unlike any volume of worship hitherto published
as Jew and Gentile can join in the responses
and hymns which it contains, and in this re-
spect the sub-committee believes that the
j beok will Mla long-felt want

In discussing the new volume at the meeting
of the General Committee of the ference
on the closing day of the meeting, Dr. Slicer
declured that in his opinion it Was something

‘te boast of when the wide divergence of the
creeds to which the three members of the com-
mittee belonged was considered

‘The book, he said, “is published with the
hope, not only that it may be found useful in
the sessions of this Conference, but also that
| other State Conferences may make use of it:
that independent religious societies may r
haps find it helpful in the development of their
worship, and that it may prove helpful spir-
itually to many individuals i their own pri-
vate use In short, it is believed that such a
book of common worship may prove in itself
an obiect lesson in the possibilities of common
worship In educational institutions where
a creat variety of creeds are represented, [|
believe it will find a most important place and
those who use it are assured that nothing can
be found within its pages which is not com-
patible with their religion, be they Jew or
Christian *

‘There were several collewe presidents at the
Conference who were among those most in-
terested in the book All of them shared Dr.
Slicer’s oninion of its destined field of useful.
ness and several declared that they would
endeavor to have it introduced into their own
institutions «The beok will consist of 363 pares

ference wrew out of the Co
World's Fatr
idea

representitives

tat the and

general hamely,

thle oe

 

the

suub-come

committee it

all

sub=

 

and will be published by Putnam's Sons as the
property of the Conterence

 

CO< m<Prrt

  

|

BREATHEDIT TO-DAY?

DO NOT NECLECT IT

are not afflicted with any
respiratory disease.

IT KILLS THE CERMS

constantly inhale on the
street, in the cars, at the theatre, in
church, or in your own home,

YOU MUST USE IT
To cure COUGHS, BRONCHITIS,
CATARRH or CONSUMPTION.

You should use it to
family and friends from
your dis ‘ase,

BREATHE HYOMEI DAILY.

protect your
contracting

 

Five days’ treatment and medical advice free
HYOME! Outfits $1.00. Trial outfits 25e
druggists or sent by mall

The R. T, BOOTH CO., Ithaca, N.Y.