THEATRICAL AMUSEMENTS,

THE PLAYS AND THE arcTons Sow oF
me sew tore aracr

Daniel Frohman's Companr in Frith A Man
of Forty Sarch Hernhardt and Conetant
Caqariin tn Heetand’e batman” The

tain WeNally'e The Star and (arter,"*

 

 

Thie theatrical wee! % the rleh in portant
new productions eft the continuance of ee.
cellent old one lraniel Prohmar stock
company will return toemorte w niett for ite
second senaon oat Dale's, and Ite fourteenth
n New York Flizateth Tyree, Mr and Mra
Charles Waleot and Mra Thomas W fon of
the oriwinal membership will reappear of
he ter reeruits Hilda Sponge, John Maeon
Feward) Morgan, William Courtnes I
tte gan and Alison Skip worth ll have lewd.
Iwo new acceasions of

tree

   

re!

eli be Cecelia Loftus and Gertrude Henn
afinw Loftus has abandoned the frivolous “Cis
ein” woth the vaudeville atage and ts seriously

api) itious to gain rec ognition in the legit mate

@rona Mise Henriques isa daughter of the
Madeline of that name who was prominent in
the old Wallack ecmpany With the men.
tioned players as leaders, and the miiding h |
of Daniel Frohman at the helm, the combined
traditions of the Lyceum and Daly's seem sre
for another season, Mr. Frohiman's choice
from his atock of new Fngliish comedies t ills
on “A Manof Forty” foranopening play. This
ie by Walter Frith, and wast resented in lon.
don by George Alexander. It ts a deptr n
of modern London seciety, epigrama’s lly
discussing the love of a middle-aged man for
a@young gir

Rarah Bernhardt and Censtant Coqnelin
will begin at the Garden to-morrow might an

 

engagement of five weeks- two of “TL Aieler
ene of “Cyrano de Dergerae,” one of “Hamlet”
and one divided smone ‘La Tia nuk
Camelias,” “a Tosea” and “Frou-Frou.” Both
theee French actors wil appenr in every play
excepting “Hamlet,” fn whieh Mr Coquelin
finds no part that he likes. He does net ob-
ject to the r‘lea of Poloniva and the frst grave
digger because they are small and troonse
quential, he saya, but because he considers them
of poor material. However, during the week
of *Hamiet® he will probally appear at miaii-
néew in two Moliere comedies, “Lea Precieuses
Ridieulea” and “Tartuffe.” The opening pl
will be “L'Alg'on,” and it will be surely acted
a fortnight. We have liked it in Pneli-h, ¢
an opportunity to see it in the original F
will be weleome Of Miss Bernhardt’s octing
aa Napoleon's son we have had glowing ae-
counts. Mr. Coquelin will take the rfle of the
faithful old soldier for the first time

A third production to-morrow night will not
tre to compete artistically with either of the
ot) ors, mut still {¢ will be of considerable ac-
count. “The Star and Garter,” a force of the
American make of John 41. MeNally, will be
shown at the Victoria. The plot is intricate
but elastic, telling of a legacy, but alowing for
many incidental songs the action is built
around the Agoust family of pantomimists
and jugglers, who have a European reputation
for excellence, but have never appenred tn
New York. The principal eneaking parts will

 

 

  

be taken hy Maria Cahill, Otis Harlan, Joseph |

Covne, William Blaisdell, Thornton Cole, Mae
Lowery, Mamie Gilroy, Nellie Lyneb and John
G Sparkes

The visiting company at the Grand Opera
House this week will be headed by Charles
Evans, who has not acted in New York since
the death of William F. Hoey, his fifteen years’
partner in “A Parlor Match.” Mr. vans will
reappear as the professor of moral culture
in “Naughty Anthony.” In the bill with this
stocking farce is “Madame Butterfly,” the
artistic and tragio dramitization of John Luther
Long s Japanese story.

4 pleasant week is in atore for Harlemites,
er such as are wise enough to go to the Opera
House to see and hear “San Toy.” The in-
clination toward dulness In dialogue of the
early performances at Daly's soon wore of,
and the words become worthy of the music,
which ie almply delichtful. The company is
the same that has been at Daly's

The week at the American will be devoted
to native melodrama. “The Power of the
Prase” haa (ts ecenes in such familiar places
aa the Fifth Avenue [Hotel and the Knickerbook er
Athletio Club. ‘The story, by Augustus Pitou,
ia a etirringly dramatic one

Foreign farce will be the revival at the Murray
Hill. “Gloriana” was thought very funny
when it was acted at Hermann’s ten years aco
and should be right in line with Murray Hill
audiences’ taste. Henry V. Donnelly will re-

appear, and Dorothy Donnelly, also, after her
shorter absence

Any one partienlarly fond of seeing “Che.
venne and Sioux Indian chiefs and worriers”
hold up a train should go to the Star this wee
to see “The Great Train Robbery.” The
would doubtless see various other halr-raising
sights

“A Man From the Weet,” which wae recently
shown on bighth avenue, will ba the wees 's
visitor at the Metronolis Jamea J. Jeftries
will auroin he ewen as the hero

The Blondells, who ¢ me to the Third Avenne
in “The Katvenjammer Kids,” announce them.
selves as ranking “foremost among the linorh
producers of the American stage” Further
eminent seems Unnecessary.

 

 

 

Of the eighteen playa that hold over eight are
for laughing purposes only and half as many
more mingle merriment with serlousness
Nearly all the eighteen are of good enough
quality to aueceed in thetr intentions. “Richard
Carvel” blends jollity and sobriety in about the
desired quantities, jiduring by the continuance
of popular favor for John Drew init

The Knickerbocker's monopoly of "L'Aigion” |

Interest ceases to-morrow with the Garden's
introduction of the play in French. If com-
parisons are made between Maude Adama and
Sarah Bernhardt, neither actress will euffer
Their methods are utterly dissimUar. Miss
Adams remoing in “L’Auglon” at the Knicker-
Locker until the new veu

About the same Une limit baa been set to
*Foxy Quiller” at the Broadway. The ex
temes In comedy. Jerome Sykes and Adoph
Zink, are amusingly assisted in laughter pro-
voking by a parrot. Helen Bertram, Jultus
Brewer, Willian Stewart and Grace Cameron
are the best of the singers

The Engiich connpany in “The Gary Lord Quex"
has settled down prosperously fora twoemonths’

 

 

eiay at the Criterion John Hare waa recog. |

nized In his two previous visite as a finely dis-
eriminate artist, but he had no play that heiped

hin inte general populerity, “The Gav Lord
Quex” has surely done this Wt bir iso brone
out the rare talents of Trene Var hh, whose

 

former appearioers here with Vr
and Viowt Vanbrugh eave her :
opportunities
Oniv one week remains for “Soe Marbor" nt
the Republic James A. Herne will be followed
by Moclen Arbuckle io “The Sprighth Romance
fNarsne” Someesgcellent sctors are engnced
or the leading roles in thie dramatization of
Moliv Filiott Sea well’s novel The heat known
are kK S Abeles Wot Fergueon, Heary Bor
man. Claude Broole. Margaret Fuller, G Sandot
Milliken and Kate Lester
After this waek “OMavid Harum” will he in
Role noseeceion of New York's rural drama

 

 

   

 

laurels It is etrangenouch to'tewe core of any
hanenets that ore eny vite wa It te nearty
Ailing the ev tHetle Gorriek for Mr Crane at

every prertoer ioe

The town was overcrowd with ¢
dialect comadians a few week= ago, but the
Ragere Rreovhers’ denertoure last night left
Weber and Tielde tn se weseselor Almest

 

yar

 

  

 

the wiseel thing these ve ste hall mane
pgere do is net te rerdose the publie with
themselves, but te « hack for De Wolf Hom

ner, Villian Russell, Fav Temrleton and their
other famone conc rhers

Tt ian Vttle @iMentt te tell whieh of the old
Weherfieldian «tore ja thea ror prominent

    

 

fh Mode, Podee & Co" Petor Da ley or Prankle
Roilev Mr Datley anenks claost ell the thre
nnd Mise Tailew hy on few words ans

rnd they main her frighefitiy AL) considered
It seems likely that at comedian is the

  

attre mint the Mad Sonare

The pornlorite of Verte Cristo in ite
present and elaborate revival, crens to almoet
grow with renetition nex OV Nell] and ble
companions have to le for pre-eminence
against scenery, and Nard to tell which
wins Anvwav as a eon hinotien they surely
win with the Aendeme of Music ondiencee

Four weeks remain of the time set nelde for
*Taat River” at the Foucteenth Street The
enecesa of thie new Jose Arthur melodrama
roay lead te revivels of son eof hiseariiernlays
Arywar, "The Srill « annoeunead for
renroeduction, and a? of bringing
*Plue Jeans’ out ’ Test Diver is
winning new nra
aame stage that jioused them fret in New York

he half-way mark In the revival of “Sanhe"

et Wallack's has been reached On Tuesday

 

  
 

 

  

 

 
 

| and tt

 

their rrher an the

er a

 

evening Olga Nethereole wy net fo nw lee
oped for the (800) me When aN vthete
sole io vee New Vor she will eo to Ban brat
elaen, « here ale hae never acted

Thin te thee batt week of Grace George's ctor
at Mantiattan Alter ther Maye ty ’

 

 

 

 

our pers, “Saeeet Anne Page" will be pro
duce! lulu Gincer ell baee the lending ”
int tt te Thely that only oitetond tle
* wed at the dlanhbattan ‘
I ! ‘ i The Hore neter” and “M4
Vrirto«@ Niarle Dire le A aurety ie A ‘
Held une rriteetom! thay
Phe \e etomk con of whieh A “
Riise . ireheod \ ci ow
And Charles fi: mn oof) hard “4
linpertance, Seema in dander of breaking ot
Mre Gust foappearal the bronre \i
I « [ef ‘ wid Me Rieti teas
come a & Major Andrew’? vedo |
Tt would have been pgreeable if tt s f
Reoond Lyceu atock ov my, that ate i
jin °M Hath and ee y
eamall feliehtful "A OR 1 Parnils
have been held together as a permanent ore
ation
Pie Cas stil} has the tuneful “Plot ‘
with | rie i\ o Fee
Mas trwin ha two toonthet en
the bis she lie Dede of .
port uy v afer ver 1 nye f
Madge 8 7

No clunmee (s in sieht at the Savoy fr
Henrietta Crostoan in Mistress Nell

A ryomth is left for “Ar ' it the Herald
Square Olive Mav will take the partof Porita

 

to-morrow for the fire time in New ¥
Sie the orwinal production in € lite
eno an sear agwe test dats Willian a rth

isn A ge 1 sire rte Thomas Chere
Th ois extra

fleures for two consecutive weeks among

 

   

theatres where no changes e mace The
Goldmine Was made an undoubted «1ecess
and will be week longer i
$ Warranted fo keep one in laue good
humor for three tr

Most of next week's vaudeville folk are
familiares, but a lar@e share of them are high-
priced performers, Jesse Bartlert Davis wil
be new to the continnona showeat Reith’
She will be heard In some of the aongs that

fell to her while with the Bostenians Henry

Lee will protray celebriiies, and btla Kater}

nd Digby Beli are down forconspicuons plices
Lesser mumbers will fail to Harding and Ah
sid, Hall and Staley, the Huntings, Olive
Johnny Johnna, the Moulieres, Ishmael and
Anna Teresa Berger

Mar.@ Wainwriaht & be foremoat at Proo-

tor’s Twenty-third Stree She will be Feen

in “Lady Dve's Esxeapade,” a pleasing comedies |

etta by dustin Huntley MeCarthy, which 8
already has used in the continuous showe
co Biondl, whe whip

 

 

  

 
      

Next in rank Wiil
the half dozen characiers of A comic Feetcoh,
and will imitate cele ted musicians key
and Clark and Cotten and f e Wii the
tall’s sketeh player ind meofth ted
asneciatists are Adele Purs ont 1 rabeth
Muri dohn Wb ta , the Glossea and the
Sehuviers bhose to be seen twice d diy s
tial 1, James O

bill ate Taglione, ¢haries ‘
Harrows, hanes BR. Sweet, Caicedo and Laven-
Richardson,

Charles T, Aldrich willbe firat of the incoming
specialities at Proctor’s Fifth Avenue |

 

   

 

\ midget of fur hinwing lefty of
vel properties, he as nddeda
sque of Ching Ling Fe iil tis, '
sure of tie me ds used Uhe iets
i a will fall to Meintyre and Heath and
t Wilsen and Waring. Other iteme@ will be
balladsinwing by Loutee Grinning "a
by Conv ayand Leland, exer ‘
ne’ wire by Juan Caicedo, ti

and gymnastics by the Sa
those t uployed
tink. Camp, lat

and Clark, M Intyre and He th

   
 
 

 

 

Tacti will emp oy dames O, Barrows
Laneaster and two others. A farcical »
called “Phe Hoodoo” whi be piayed. by Cane
fled and Carleton, and Bunth and Enad wil
save an joniog ef foolery in which are a contend
ontest in dancing and a buriesque of stige
bie Some of the spectaliste held are danies
J. Morton, monologist; the Randuils, acro-
batho dancers: I
Averys afternoon
ing will be y Lafiveite,
and Clayton, Montgomery aud Stone,

 
     
 

and ev
Leloy

i Srsith and Doty and tar Scehuviers |
Murphy and Alien will play at Proctor'’s

  

125th Street "A hifureated Girl,” a sketeh tial
starte withaconventional budget of speciaitios,
but ends in on iilusion rarely used nowidays
Another sketeh that wins for its porformers,
Wiliams and Tucker, a consplonous piiee in the
bill is “Skinnv's Finish.” [ts complicated song
fa one factor in its comicnits The foremost
epeclalist will be Lafaverte whose fiorie is
filed with amusing and ingentous

Imitation of Ching Ling Foo's ticks i-
it Maxwel! and Dudley, Srrith and De
Mand Meredith, Harrigan and the Westons
are aome of the others. Conwav and I cland,

 

 

 
 
  

 

James J. Morton and Alcide Capliaine ate

be here to-day

 

gore ofihow t

Jeaxste Phillins, who has tust come from
ahroad, will be a stranger at Pastor's Nat
M. Wille and Genaro and balley are to be the
leaders of the demeatic contingent. © bers
napiwed are Glrard and Trevi taker and Bune
nell, Fuller, Moller and Burke: the DLeiliotte,
Julian Rowe, Gus Adoms. Amos, Charles Hughes,
the Guises and toe Bulwortis
The wax works are agaly the eblef item of
Interest aft the Eden Mosée, the stige slow
being limited to a liberal supply ef motion
views given in hourly ins ents, and t
concerts, one for each afternoon and evening

The ouoth nerformanes at Koster A bia
Music Hall under the direction of tha Harhiins
oceura to-morrow. Tt will engoee Ezra When-
dall, Pauline Hall, Caron and Herbert Hen
and Friler, Lille Western, the Jo ©. Nogent
troune, in “Suncown:” Fisher and Carro)!, the
Wartenbergs, didge, the Le Pages, the dirants,
Joseph Adelman and Taura ¢ omatocl Pro-
grammes this afternoon will erm Ralph
Joineton, the Rossows, Rlalta, Neliie Burt, the
Serimioure some of those held for the rest
of the week

Hortle & Seamon'’e will have the Mortone
Yaron and Ver o (rar nd Clif-
ford and Hut ntertainera trem cof.
row, Lew!

 

 

   

 

 
 

 

   

  

   

 

  

  

v in Bine” and \ Nig tr are” nre
the burlottas to be plaved at the Dewe Mae
Lavlor, Marker & Stewart. Rawson and [slow
pnd the De Craffe ere aome of the spectalista
hold A warlety DEL this evening

Metvor ord Moy will head to-night's eon-
cert bill at the Grand

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,

 

 

 

nas's “Fa-
Metropoll-
be popular
ity to beconr

It is readily conceivable that 1
meraida” which Was sung at |
tan Opera House last weels ir
if the public had an oppo

 

     
 

femiliar wiih it Possildy the impresario |

who undertook auch a missionary task would
have to be arich man as Mr Grau sald when

| he was reproached for net producing Ver-

di'a “Falstaff?” more trequentiv. Familiarity
with any opera nearly alwa:s increases the
enjoyment to be had from heving it and “Es
mernalda® is not peculiar in that respect But
it would be liked much sooner than seme other
novelties seen here Inve “at the Lov
for instance, which wae also intro-
* Lnelish, aineers « l never le tiade
lar as “Esmeralda” micht crow and
‘s opera with ite scientifi a.
iad dramatic intensity does not con.
tain nearly ao much m Thomas's w
Which fe not inte so maodern in stvie but by n

 

  

    

   

  

means soantiquatedin form as ithas been enlied
Some of the nurnoera are chart a@toan une
usieal de in the stvle of t} ‘ poser's
sere at he flow of the melody i« gre eful

 

and thient thronghout
It wae interesting to hear “Mignon” on the

     

nieht fol tart first prod t f “Fas:
raida” aral wu he re Hance berweey »
two works « h wee ao much alike i

eral «tvle Sir Th « has composed ne

 

as well ae his inaster, and the “Seallow Son
and one other numoer “eeu quite as worthy

 

 

    

     

     

   

  

of long life as parts of enon’ oe “Hamlet ar Sars aa ie ‘ snd was | Nence ever r her a compliment
‘ <er’s ta ist in the least dra- ‘ ing beautitul, an é s
matic 1 the relation between the mus & comedienn® to be ianched at Nevertheless Actresses, like all other women, have thelr
at } the action ts never  srongly suggeste!. | phe would have en very much mure enter- | STievances “The remedy Thavealwavsapplied
he tray neident« lotor 1's 1 ’ t rot > ! ny ”
fad: , eo} : the . r - taiminag th Le amount of wold tad not bean | his trouble M Belasco says, “is a sym-
\ that the eomposer ¢ aye. | So Nery apparen In Burope many of the | Pathetic ear, the iuntavel the tangle as wel!
rr 4 she “ Vine) ake sis have used with women the new por astean, By this me hod, ] have tound, actres.es
ertait unin ng arrange “line i ' } ' vere rendy to vield to d miine f have 1
oan Ka jents wa ward ' > ‘ 7 = he ns e suroe experience in tling with alls
ene ind the action p the | * , enaciey tt eratural teeth. | The ers of a compan R ny never answer
wrnit SCE} OS wil git Cierje ti » s ther ire 1s The The sveceg<ful stace manaver has ver haon
ie oh tes and wor se peve a ‘ finely fot noe Lo tt , ‘ til stage manager The is more in
al doit tl i Some Sudd | ii.tite ; er or drop roe { ace sugsion than inv are w
it . ‘ t } ot ; , ”
wie @andl j n from » Sam? had te by } ine to believe, and when one attempts to ex
nal ivrios write for Mile | t vi ‘ se vect while at lasts is of plain fuet what expression means } an only
K era n the « ect lie prepared | ‘oe * wt vely to inetease the ap- Answer that it ie personal magnetism, without
ia entire librett At that time it was looked earahee of th, but the system as @ ! which ality uo an ever hope to be a
as one of the curiosities of literature } eubstitu n een 4 BULCESS crea lor or @ ayereasfal stage ms
’ ve ' ne he ne new " . =e age manacer
iowrier « Hugo's wens £0 ld have sine ' ne hears or eo i new Versonal anageiisin that @reat unexplained
‘ erse in which he told ny \ © of gold So 18t | faoulty of controlling or moving others, not
{ hie romance So Theodore tue ave Now & hew winula bv foree or powe but throuah some subtle
- . sant Yer har reahonalpie | as been disce ed w! is aQied to Combine Suanen | Hing " ¢ . y nt
gil altogether oon . _ + +p oe ees » ae re iflience impelling the o do our will, net
wal english | , womad | mw ‘ ‘ “ W Yoctance and murmurings, but with
write one the pera ‘This was “Nae | endur va potyofa@cld | Inthatcamemany | a leasure " .
1 t the ¢ ry ! SA , ‘ silt o » , » '
i wh url Posa - mores WW 8 4 V iho twy ‘ bee t ! ul and , soo disapproves the ceadine of a play
“43 i vis rine G en Web” performe Who are wears of the sight of Wotnen to a eompar hecause the actor wont listen
: I er) i isu that was completed “ nm thea rt} A reat ’ and is, moreover, seldom in sympathy with
another « those Vhen Psmeraida ort and in need of this kind of treat- the auther or with any one but himaelf He |
Wis sing its ce er was only 48 and two ent oe ieh a condition through rubbing ~ mentally skimming over every character in
years later “Nadesiida” was heard first (hei teeth too much and too hard a | e piece except his own He is prennred ta
the other d 1 aman old enouwh to know wee bored and di-satisfied— bored uf he

‘The Maurice Grau Opera Company is coming
suecessfully through the experiment of carry-
ing across the country such an expensive or-
ganivation The second week was devoted
to “La Bohéme,” Don Giovanni,” “Tannhauser,
“Romeo et Julietts Les Huguenots,” Lohen-
atin” and “Fans lhe toreest audience
during the first Week gathered to hear “Lonen-
erin” which had never before heen a particue
larly liked opera in San broncsco, where the
Wagenerian works we only boginning to acquire
popularity. It is sienifiewst that the Waener
vporas bave been mere is coman ab over

 

ary when the teving Place

nk and Don, the Bruvnigans |

 

     

the Sidmans and Kara |

    

the Weat All of the singeta have kept in dood
health excepting Sig Beottl, who hase been

PUPPETS OF THE THEATRE,
kept out of the caat on weveral oceasionan = The -—- ---

Wacneran enthustewn of the Ban Francleeo | ACTORS DANGI ED IN THE nape oF

   
 

 

 
   

 

 

public ja eapected to teach fa height during 1H Stor MAN CORKS
t firat production of the Nibelingen Hing,
chick he made during the prevent week The ( arefol and Complete Cantrot of the Plar-
Walter Damroneh lato conduct We ' se | ere ta Accordance WIEh the Methode of
in Kan Franeiseo and hie ayuce@asful pr Modern Stamecratt scribed the Wen of
nat F shy are believed eee ad mine Pb aperionce in Affaire of the Drama
toe de terest of ie Prov Howard @ritee in the Century Mag
b vote the Waenet pertot ‘ aire nen at the « 1 on teibef that the art
lean Cierny ho onme bere nan! fa a the art of deing things the etage
md | ed ‘ ‘ ' pee {ix e they are done in real . ny ”
a of ' ‘ ab lived i flered ‘ ' he heldea with moat of the experts
en returned tifee years avo an as i that the art hee in producing the effect of nat
‘ ttedit ‘ ‘ cone rilnees b noeatural Means loseph Jeter
ive WG f corte, UW { 6 nften anve the samme ihite ih hie addewenes
é “ir rs 7" ved Friday, | atidernt ind so does henry trving Me
' \ nitels wo brene Howard tell4 how the actor must make the
ia fact any tn mad ie id ¥ ’ i peopue in an audience, some of them a hundred
sure utue | of fueting the luster feet or more away, think That be ie moving,
te " bie tore conpervatlry¢ tion be lepeahing and appearing like the character ag®
lieves that the baildinw svould ba reserved | gamed. and in nine eases out of ten the only
es ! e fof { r nee f pera
” re pr r » and er « tinwert way to make them think thie eto he not dung
believes Guat # opera. louse & td be rented | tt Por example, nothing ean he eenceived
the 188 w pera iia \ s not in nna driv rroom than the painted creature
wr sa forint om Vorlet) shows tO > with dark shadows about ber eves ond fagrent
lation is in debt t tin avers feruit . | her pretended admirer on the stage like a wad.
condition and sno desire to make t ves tle painted doll She sperke to Linn confidens
Duy OF ro he Pail on “at eer ahi a tlallv, three feet away, eo that every man fp |
Ae the Tid She tt year after the successful | the back row of the anditoriurn can hear what
we noin New (rien he cava, moving her features, in the coquettish

 

- ‘ low
When it became know that Mo Charley lbventay of timid love, with the well defined

 

 

had voented the lee there were sever ih mite

vers an sions to secure the t tr ita great | and positive motions of a sumping-jack pulled

- rived it ‘ ari desit a7 for popular | be q atring. If the most graceful of our ac-

pree drat r vaudeville, ar compel Lore eae \ ' marry ft! , nat?

aoor ran tl da up to 88,0) per annum treases should carry the teelinical methods
‘iv 8 my the regular priee tt ff the stage to an afternoon reception she

 
   
 

the former cirectors of would be acuriosite [tis not true in real life

 

 

     

 
 

  
 

(ne mes r threatened to sao as hinh at +
lif nininas rh ’ ihere wae but one nes i Mr. Howard points out, that our emotions
; g hders the was Moe } always show tnoour faces and gestures or attl-
rie ' id ! ‘Grand Opera tt * \ tudes. Nearly all of us have something of
lavas td had formed a small cirewit |, seen n Indian's ato! n. ff sai
tee take in the ¢ in capital, New Orieans and | © American Gran ‘ " 1 We taKe
tt it { Me Berricl could not eo above , a dozen good actors in the cast of a piece, their
the « v of 42.500 and there w Loud | ems expressions, clireces, gestures, startings
t net i f th i f tient : : : .
‘ 1) r ry, @aepa, nearly all of them are what the actral
peiose With the tl rical thalawer
{ hitter a te ensued, but the ¢ eryvae | persons would not give under similar ctreum-
thvern My n and ers r wr ‘ the lease bor one | geanoea They are arbitrary and unnatural
‘ least { ere 1 Py
manner of conducting the the Ihe aetors are merely trving to convey to a
French Opera Association, whieh owns the | distance, by artificial means, an idea of the
' ‘ fa , trot {
. al old beuse on Bourbon stree a4 thn hte eunnosed to he ecinae in ¢t e minde
nt stock moany organized in 18% There |, ‘a ve : ue ey ree are
ah of whieh is entided to one ) To do this well requires the keenest knowledge
{ reely distributed among | of teelinienl means. Such ia the actor's difli-
n New (tCrieans The ’ het ayy Alodg t |
tion ia H. Lureussit it ar fhe purely arufieial means of ap-

W. W. Nott and the | pearing natural is what our schools for the
are Messrs. H. Larous- | stage are teaching and what professors of the

i neent, ¢ Nott :
rr ter Oe Dena- | art! ive always taught
varles A. Farwell { A Daly was esteemed the beet dra-

 

linista to be heard here | ro in Amerlon. Jlis «kill went

~3

 
    

  

 
  

 

     

   

 

 

hi teycher, sent him to the Royal | consists merely of making the ¢ @ene and
\ ts ! * x until » was !2 | do exact and only what the author har writ-
ce W ither sent h to Leip- ” aes : ‘
re he stedied under Schradick Ag) fen lie was equally strong in all cepart-
he ed cly auch selections as Spohi'a | ments of theatrical work,” says John Drew tn
ibe tic Coucet aud has made @ repue | oy yer's Weelly: “it le seldom indeed that one
viion at gh in players. | mets aman of 40 many d vant gifta® Ace
In the dave of their erenteat proaperity Gfil- | dive to this authority he personally enpere
bert and Sallivan are said tot ave divided be- | \-> do every department of the theatre Ita
tween them €200,000 a vear, but theirs jv h his office often 8 early as half
hare not vet been four in spite of this great | pe kin the morning, ard pasa the whole
reward for work a9 welldone ln view of the | 4 going home merely to dine At
composer's death, the following aceount of | might he was alwrys about the playhouse,
the recent revival of “Patience” is Interesting: | ° erin frontor behind the scenes. His watch
“he was of course,” writes Per Betis, “a | fulnesa never relaxed. He an {hered to the
thousand pittes that the merry Savoyarde | cht cvetom of reading plays to the conipany
who have for so many years contributed to | He rer d very well, He pald hie closest atten-
the gayety of nations and of Individiis, were | n to a prodnetion during the earlier per-
not able once mnore to « e hand in hand hee | formances, advising the actors and changing }
fore the curtain. ‘Two of them: itis true, turned | details, but even aflerwar 1, when the play
up», Hut neitier ce iwalk more thana fewsters, : vt gun to run ensilv, he would see if anes |
t and both had to be supported to the wings. | ent wrong, or if an actor grow faulty

Vir wethay that Mr Daly, without having

Sir Artuur Sullivan, from his siek bed wrote, 1
tof an actor mimeell, possessed

to an astoniching devree t gift of teaching

beleve, a cheery letter, sareasticudy suge

ing that he, Mr. Gilbert and Mr. D'UOyly Carte

.

    

 

should cross before the footlightsin bath chairs | athere how to aet, With a few worde he could
It was certain enough that they could not take | cht vp a trlain a bit of business
the callin auy other way, Asa tnatter of lact, | where ieht have taken a half
Bir Arthur, still suffering froia @ chill, was bee | bour. He used to be criticised a roe 1 deal
tween the binnkets; Mr. Gulbert was Giawnh up j for a certain mocha l qunhty in his etace
to the theatre in an iavalid chair, out of which | INANrcement--not le for his habit of making

be crawieu on to luotsicois’ and Mr, lUuyiy | the characters crosa one An wher on the stige

tur a long time been deprived of the | without any apporent renson:; and it was only
his k >. bist “! pau a seermed _ natural that at times the aetars should have
bcbdl, ROE, dhe re @ suer @

   
   

sas g “Las uiloi ed os | fit a little reveljione about hs methads, On
wae thr Juced at , ld) the other hand it is impossible for anv etage
Jssi, the ststels heuiseives manager, however witt “tl em Mr Drew de-

hi at carr ialeat condu ne elares, rot to gon Vi'tle too far in carrying out
ybe Dulin Leipse under | some of his favos . Mr Daiv wanted

ita ris 4 er, Wi tHOW A leq achieve the effect life and movemert,

    

iu tue ubivel she i- |

+ tlLere -
: ° , ha te hat fileated tt ain
Tution was to be built trom a fund it was ine | 2700! his zecl ha mar have violated the i i)

   

tended to start With the receipta of a concert | of eamplete net irelneea” The excellence of
wiveu dant spring an Leipsio. The 4 4 ie training has heen ehewn by the impress
nounted to only 6175 and the plin seemed kx am $a ntemrorsrw arar by ary
ike end i iiure, When a targa plot of ; mete sll bat A = Pane
i ed to the committee on tie | 8 need to he associated wit!

' at Dusbding begin witha seve eats The best living etace manager In America

: hirer wi . terested ir ;
trich ZoaUner, wae t “ bi fa probably David Belasoo, who has an article

 

In Collie

   

   

own all ine nd, Ww CoOUTDULe sUle- | Ingthat ata witness inalawsuit wh! hbreught
OS yiccun eno 19 the bri: Cana at the | DIM w verdict of $12,000 for making an actras
V ri , i the | of Mra, Leslie Carter, he wae ve v descriptive
va of his metheds, he now writes without mus h

 

explicitness fie {4 sure, Lowever, that per-
er n, knowledge of humanity, an Intuitive
pnderstanding of men and women, tact and

Ned pereonal magnetiem are essential features of
1

  

 

   

   
 

  

1 tig irose be :

' lice had to be ealien the «rience which is not to be acquired by

in @ 1 the audience to retire ¢¢ ing. The good stage manager ts born

aL is i i was resumed in the woth go heaven-sent «ift, @ temperamer tal

att until early morning

Tine © unsatisfactory so} | quality not to be grasped by every speculative

retired evor watd amateur, Only such a niuster, so Mr. Belasco

bauwen d@' Albert Kain,” ¥ met with | qe lypes, ean evolve from the material in hand,
little success herlin, was eniiv ne rreed ’ ’ '

for the rat time mich It was thonueht en cride, a stage picture full of pulsing

life, fuet as, with coarse bruah and canvas,

d artist ean produce a picture inarked
hal oer ‘ oat anes nitions the work wns very | PY Renits. There are drat e authors whom
coldly received. Gustav Mahler has recently | haw wuld have trouble with if he were to take
een involved ino a eontroversy with Hert | any such Lbertios with thetr plays, because
nt Abie wh claschnt the Vuantiese fray ill watt to n> chara of words AF Ae

salaries than they h
ently forbidden | amount of leeway in adapting Zara,” “Madam
a Opera tO BIVE | Roiteerty” end many otler plecea associated

with his name, bat he would not be permitted

huph, as very elaborate
roared end every atfennt the tints)
e® performance fanlies

thatthe opera

   

 

 

 

      

‘ring them large

   
  

1s ree
al Vien:

 

 

— jto tamper at all with the work of a Pinero,

MINTS ABOUT THE TEFTN. | Jones or Grundy. As to the control of tt
| eetors, Mr. Beluseo saves that the stage mnan-
A Foreigner Who Criticises Tendency to Gold ; Ager should be a good actor himself, not only
Fillings in This Country. fable to tell every one what to do, but how to
"The dentista of thia country.” eld @ fore do iat Naturally each eompany in iteelf, as
eigner. “mav be the best {n the world and their he points out, represents astral world. If the
su sinall er countries has indeed proved directar does not possess each and every one
thet. but ia nevertheless the fact that one | of thequalit es already mentioned, he had better

 

have entered the fleld of stage managing.
ironclad rules will avail in his treatrnent
of these under Lie charge if he would obtain

     

sees more gold in the mouths of the wor
here than could be found anywhere else in

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

the world I he that denti-try is cheap é

and in the reach of everybodys Whatever the e best resuita hach man and woman, he
reason, hie peguliarity is not a beauty of Amet must remember, has a strong individuality—
can nm. and the practice increases dut exageerated even—and each must be treated
inet eK eu ifs as it has during the pas t individual rules For instance, where niild
decade there e still more to criticise in | Tidicule woul lexactly suit Mr. A, erious young
the looks ei I saw an actress the | Me. B would resent It at once. Your Invalu-
other evening whose mouth might have served , able soubrette mn felt smilingly accept rour
for a dentist seen, so carefully were all of he ng flattery, while Madame X, your

 

teeth buiit up with wold) She was not supposed | tt ured’ een, would consider it an Imperti-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             

  

     

 

 

      

 

 

   

eat
‘ Situation, disaatised

1
A t
hetrer o advised evervbody to clean their | «
id his part is not sufficiently inaportant to please

|
teeth three ‘ninutes twice a dav. He suid |
thet at least three minutes of hard rubbiug was |

}

 

in “Hainiet’ is a great play to the aetor
who plas» /lamict, but to the actor who does
vot play Hamvet itis worth nothing Often an
apparently poor part in the reading will be
loped inte one much to be desired In actual

 

    
 

Hecessary, and as a shorter tine could pro-
dice no good results, navined everybody
to do this firat hy the clock in order to get into
the A dentist told me Chat thie wond

 

 

 
    

oort i rub the enamel off the etronen-t rehearsal--vv a clever actor, of course bor
tee t were kept oy It is fust ne bad #a | this reason it is Letter to place the actor upon
The doa some persons Lave that a suff tooth | his own merits, Mr Belasco thinks, rather than
brush so hard that it t¥ almost painful is the | uy the interpretation of the author or reader,
best kied Ae a omatior ¢ wt a ‘ooth brush | however cood eloeutionist the latter may
to he proper is should always be soaked | be oothis rege on, too, actors are rarely at
for rat reinut it least ten and not more | a premium as fudees of plays

 

 

n only do ite work much better, but prove | tlonal autobiography in the Metrepeiion Maga-

fioen inva eles of water Then it will | Mra. Leste Carter has an amusingly emo
BU Vel agevus instead ol injurious to the teeta." Sane, Sle cays that the thought of becoming

“

INDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900,

  

ealth in Every Drop

Tho Health of the Fields is in Or. Greeno’s
Nervura Glood and Nerve Remedy.

 

————— ee

 

You need Dr. Greene's Ner-
vura to renew the strength, vigor,
snap, and energy of the nerves to
purify and enrich
make you strong and well.

Dr. Greene's Nervura blood and
nerve remedy is the one remedy
to take—the greatest and best
medicine the world has ever
known.

It is ahsolutely harmless
and every ingredient is a nat-
ural food and medicine for the
nerves and blood.

Now in the unhealthy and
treacherous months—you need Dr.
Greene’s Nervura most.
the world’s standard tonic and restora-
tive for years—the one remedy on which
the people can always depend,

It conquers all nervous weakness
and exhaustion, debility, run-down blood,
sleeplessness, dyspepsia, kidney and
liver complaints, weakness, and all
discases which accompany debilitated
blood and weakened nerve force.

MRS. I. J. CHENERY, 1 Spring
Street, Woodford's, Me., says:

“Last spring my husband and myself were
well, and | was suffering trom @ nervous
diflculty. I did not sleep well nights, and having

had sickness in the family, | had become ex-
hausted. We heard Dr. Greene's Nervura blood
and nerve remedy highly recommended
My husband and my-
self used eight bottles and we
derived great benetit from its
use. I can now sleep welland

am better since its use.

think highly of Nervura.”

Dr. Greene, 35 West £4th St., New York City, Is
spocialist in curing narvous and chronis diseases.
all forms of disease, and offers
personally cr b
for all communic
sealed envelopes.

the blood—to

It has been

  
  
 
 
 
  

not feeling

by others,

He has remedies for
to give free consultation and advice,
You can tell or write your troubles to Dr. Greene,

letter.
ations are corfidential, and ictiers are answered in plain,

 

trees cane dullard who
' ‘

 

me without

 

She had a hard
spresence, ard ¥
she “stood punting with be
doesn't know he

and see Mr
getting into)

 

   

and ecbbed out her «

ltured actor fr

 

 

over the plavers }
everything
the author,
prepared at this June
Bist A eg

  

i@ breeve and en

| brinving forward the

   

dee ly erateful to the force, whi
for carrying her thre
years of tntense mental ane
Dave teatited,
thoned, that tle tuftion ine uded

that the wiv
phyetcoal strain.”

‘sa Weekly on the eublect. Consider |
» the lawenlt above nen-

 

Airie instinet

Atove @ll @ise he reeds t
When he sees «

  

     

 
 

 

 

sugcest ve of genius, it seems
the Mississlrit River

\\
Zool eal Somety is making a «pe 1 effort

 

          

Carter's article f siders are t
io see a play well performed
f the careful
tk done by actors and

nis is deacribed in
i or tropucal deer Pie ditt

iheatre and just the rit

 

 

econ pany togetier *

tion in what they write Mr. Belasco had any ,
! iciors may have known |

 

ei Meient!s

 

inteay the auttor is asked to

than a
have been taken East it is probably with
bounds to sav that three-fourths have died
within ’
have seldom lived lonwer than one year, Carle

 

of the wor

 
 

not at rehearsals,

 

r makes use

meening of the scenes as they eit before hin
other atidience }

 

 

performances of 4!

 

CITY EMPIOVETS VAtNT MORE LienrT.

 

 

Applicetion of the Commissioners of Accounts
for More Office Koom,

 

t given to

  
  

 

, Wp and

 

 

the barrer
-tave is represenied UY as
Tine things t

   

  

ty of a first rehearsal, as deseril
dts Pees

 

intended t

      

    

! examiners, mals there is great interest Curious

examinera in cher

   

 

    

of the scene as it ik to be a wrevt deal

reference to one

 

| are jearned si

 

   

VL the end

  

a
He means

 

as to recite them wit!

  

  

wiite others fail and have te

 

e reprimanded if still the nrosec

never heen
second act for the ensuing dav, ¥
rk their way
the end of a week they
anguage and action

 

ve learned

emplovees
was tmrirent over

rreciritpted hy the
follure to eeeure the reonisite amount of day-
would be an oceurrence as indecorone
as it would be rare in the history ef the cb

Some are quick and assiduous Others | the windows, anda strike
Some do their very
The brainy actor whe

der to get slong with

| Kye f and Ly yb
some not.
is careless may be bar

I

 
 
  

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

    
   
 
  

BLOOD AND NERVE}
REMEDY.

Guaranteed Purely Vt

FOR THE CURE OF
ee

   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
      

 

Pervert meetin ty
Derberinete m= terre tenet

Be Wi ee Vitae mee ay Tl
4

faa MUUt2A00EE MUUULUNAAEAE TUOUINEEE,

Cm Te me TT)
TUTTE CTET GOOLE he ‘
TOE EEL ereee Crepe Hhemrrten,

Bret dey

JnFEes.A.Greene,

rr ceneeetn es Qian Herat a

PRICE $100

 
   

   

 

             
      
     
        
 
 
  

   

   
  

tho most successful

  
   

 
 

ANIMALS FOR THE BRONX £00.

 

Director Hornaday'’s Plan of Festablishing @

Half-Way House In the West.
Sr Parr, Nov. 22 -Willlam T. Hornaday,

. ' director of the New York Zod'ogteal Garden,
haa been toukinw arrangements here to ehip
wild animals to the Mast

'

I

e prime reason for my trip,” sald he,

“is tu make urrangements for promoting supe
plies of wild animals for the New York Zudlogl-

do lark. The numerous deaths that occur

annoolly inevery zodlogical park necess'tate

nstant supply of new animals, My princie
‘Lot leet in visiting Minneay and St. Paul

 

 

restabls ere What may be termed a half-
iy resting house, at whieh wild animals from
Paci and Al 1 ean be rested
1 and ‘d, and otherwt-e put in good

   

di ntorthe remainder of the long journey,
tien te this, itis aleo hoped that fi may

pos-ible to ind the Stote Game Cote
i note consent to the amendment of the

 

 

Minnesota Game law by the Legislature sa
that cially protected animals of this Stat
ris e collected and shipped to zoolog ond
wardens under pertuite, ‘The New York Zoe

    

 

fogical Soctety ipaious to obtain eur lies
{ live eft northern Minnesota rather
diate es Canada fort ’

One pee lar dfMtoalty that eonfronta the
oMeers of the godlugioal wardens in the United
tutes is the extreme diMicully attending the
weclin i ot omnimals from the great

region oust of

 

‘ |
Vains and the Rocky Moupntr
hile the New Yor

os lish Ne ‘ ae lection of living
animale whitet ' sitiv represent the fauna
oN h America, 1 ') greater differ ity te

encountered ino dodintiiting betas f mule

rorn atfelore,
bou and pioine
on goat than in maintaining even the herd
ity seems to be
ithe humidity of the atmosphere in the Ai
t regicon and conditions t 18

y described as malaria!
far no Fastern godlowical garden hae
din inducing the moose to live onger
mtonevear Of al the antelope that

tlacktail deer, pre
ntain sheep, tioke, ©,

 

 

 

 

first vear. Mountain sheep, also

 

y giMic it toadiist tothe Busters

ew York Zoological Soctety
rmine by care ive mation
perupent Waves and means by which

  

 

est Weetern atoimoalst be thoroughly
ed in New York city Fortunately,
{bullalo are wellacdapted to the Paste

e aed breed and thr.ve successfully

 

withe lantic Comet
to the Western ammalts to be obtained

thr rhoeonnections to he established on the

   

evorttrip, Phone te htain for the society Cone
i. euprl of mole deer and antelope from
Mu ' colorado, blacktall deer fron: Ore.
homoose from northers (dahe
ft esota, caribou from British

 

Colombia, and fiom Alaska bears of Various

ry . Arctic foxes, Arct

wolves, end if

 

” tele Stn ene of the migantic moose from
we i { Cook's Lilet lhe society
& partieulari mmvious to obtain a genuine

17 roordertobring it into come

h with beats from other portions of the

Jesirable bear of all North Amere
brown bear of Radiak Island
d the adjacent meaimand of Alaska at te
! t’ ! th tara tt ! a larrver size than
he grmzziy oor the polar bear The New Vaerk
Sooresica) Park os aaready the fortunate gmae
fiwo leurs of that shecies, which were
ed by a Aleskan prospector eighteen
! vo, When small cubs ond browghe
si brancisce They were presented to
lhancal Society bw one of its mer T

 

   

 

  

 

nd are e only Jiving representatives of tha
t os to be found in any zoolowieal garden,
hn foct so far os we are aware, they are We

ir reach civilization ativs

hewerding the value of Western wild ante
ly enough,
e valve of the ino desirable annals fre
sort Armeneca is fixed, not by the wants o
e /odlowical Garden, nor by their rarity,

alroost sclerww by the length of Une which

* possivle te valive = If antelope
rome could be ir uced
e yeark in captivity, ther would be
wr) each

Amit
Has no superior as a metal
polish. On brass, nickel, cop
per or tin perfect results are

obtained. Hands or woodwork
are not smirched by its US |
‘ —-

 

  

 

    

}
n aheen
u ey