1”
Droohiyn Advertisements. Mrookiya Advertisements, | . Brootiga Advertisements. | a Brochign Advertisements. ;

ARE OURNEAYs: BURNHAM. $
P| A NOS Flatbush Avenue, Junction Fulton Street, Brooklyn |

Most Attractive Shopping Place in Brooklyn Prices Always the Lowest. |

$
Important Sale of Ladies’ Suits.
:
$
$
$

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
| , Broohign Davertisements, Broohign Ravertiaements. Brochign Advertisements,

QDOOOOOUE0O0000O8 000000084484

rooklyn Furniture

We desire to Speedily Reduce our Ve
Large Stock of HAT STANDS, HAL
SETTEES, HALL CHESTS and HANGING
HAT RACKS. They are made in Mahogany,
Golden and Flemish Oak, of the latest
design, superior workmanship and finest fin-
ish. PRICES HAVE THEREFORE BEEN CUT
WAY DOWN, as the following list will show:

ced tO on all Seats re” $22.00
30.00 Uolden Oak Hall Glass to 19.00

 

oS

of kyown merit ant tested reliabilitv. Recognized by thou- |
sants of famous musicians as the Standard of Piano

Lincellence. |
|

Sterling Pianos
Make Ideal Christmas Gifts.

They are especially acceptable and appropriate on account of their un-
Guestoned reputation and high standing in mupstcal circles,
Is tounded on over 40 years of successful manufactur.

A Special Lot of Regular $16.50, $18.00, $20.00: and $25.00
Suits at $12.50, To-morrow.

We have just purchased of a well-known manufacturer one hundred
Ladies’ Suita for winter wear, made of Zibeline Cloths, Cheviots, Home-
in Russian blouse, fly front,

 

Sterling ing and selling experience. Having mad and sold) spuns and Broadcloths, black and colors, ‘ ‘ match, reducedto .............
over 140,000 instruments which have made the name | double-breasted and single-breasted styles, all new, fresh suits, made to sell ne Oak oa OU; te 17.00

Reputation of Chas A. Sterling famous wherever piinos are known. | for $16.50, $18,00, $20.00 and $25.00. Our price is $12.60 each.

16.00 Flemish Oak Hall Glass, ree

12.00

 

 

aoe — |
duced to .....,.......4. pearens
i | j | 12.50 Rainy Day Skirts for $8.95. .
| Upright Pianos. | Grand Pianos. | Tt an Skirts, with 20 rows of stitching, of the best double faced Seat 7 $32.00 4 accede to = heed nieve? 10.00
Since our new scale Upright Grands | S‘owly, but Surely and securely the | materaia wih flare, in Oxfords, browns and blues—the must popular skirt of 28.00 Flemish Oak Hall Chest, re- 17 00 1 Seles
raade their appearance nearly every | Sterling Baby and Parlor Grands are the season—@s.U5. al : Rack = 22.00 duce. WO i cacterncnracevecsnqceae @ $10.00 a
sino dealer in Brooklyn has been ad- feplacing many of the Old Style ‘ D h f $1 05 | —— ee 33 00 ig
Cer aes is. ‘There's one Pianos. Our new Grands are con- $1.75 Black Satin Duchesse for $1.05. scala dik ies e
Canute Ulett Grand. it's the | 2ructed on the most approved scene} 6 ee cutie of pure dpe Binck Hatin Duchesoe Sn 8 ey EN | eee ee cas recettasresre — SEROMIE | ¢, Tett Met Stand basa tongs
Genuine L pright Grand. It's the titic plans. A trial will prove the | 29 aoat Lh eewalar $1.7! goods, re.lucead to 81.05 per yard. “Pure dye’’ design of Hall Rack and 20.00 Golden Oak Hat Stand, re- fancy shaped French Bevel
Sterling and it costs no more than any | correctness of our statements, | means no foreign substance in the Silk—just pure solid Wile, with soft Anish. Hall Seat, heavily carved duced to......... Ba nett ete 13.00 Plate, set in fine grade
Strictly high grade piano, There’s a money saving, too, in the Manet Diente Oak. | 14.00 Golden Oak Hat Stand, re- 9 00 euplenned ak, Ob
04000 e CO SEO LEEDS ORES . e

This Seat would be cheap Brass Trimmings and High-

7.00 Golden Oak Hat Stand, re-

Art Pianos That Are Artistic Imported Fancy Velvets, 39c, Instead of $1.25.

 

 

 

 

In two-toned and metal print effects, on ne dark grounds, = vars of at $75.00. We OE oe reed oan des Ferenarees 4.50 | ly Polished.
¢ ordinary sort of ‘so called” Art Pianos, but unique creations | beautiful shades, such as navy, green, ovive, purple, garnet, ete, goods nehes a = sales ae ca sceniiiaiaes aan Aches _
' iets tak or high sass trade “for particular p-oole thee “Specials’’ wide; imported to sell et pis), reduced 67 on per yard. These Vel- |
eld e T ule ae, Ad t - * » . paper . cy é

will not be duplicated, so you need have no fear of their becoming commoa, __| Vets a" especially suitable to oe eee ‘ein Abce, Conse Tate. NO r ‘ sean BOR spaetat. CORDIT

' @ -

i . Just a litle extra for extra i cine EX A C A

The Prices. ‘abor‘and selecced materials. Trimmed Millinery Greatly Reduced. R

To make room for the latest arrivals in trimmed Millinery, w» have greatly 0900000000000000000 COOOOOOOOOOS ooo

4 the prices on many Pattern Hats, and soime of our own, which we con-
aa hae as aesirable Every Hat possesses an individual, up-to-date style.
Attention is also called to our Hair Garnitures at attractive prices.

Great Offers in Fine Table Linens.

Fine Bleached Table Damask, 2 yards wide, rich stripss and floral designs,
regular $1.25 and $1.35 goods, for 81.00 per yard,

| Napkins to match, 20 inches square, 82.25 per dozen.

Bor iered Table Cloths, 2x2's yaris, excellent quality of Linen, $2.75 each.

24-inch Napkins to match, $3.00 per dozen.

Hestitched Damask Tea Cloths, 36-inch square, 50 cts. each instead of

Odd Pianos: at Reduced Prices.

We have several new pianos of various styles and qualities sent from our
factories. Some are samples, others discontinued styles and some have been |
scratched or bruised in making, All are fully guaranteed and priced within
sens ble limits of economical buyers, It’s a good chance to get a good piano
ui der price.

| SLIGHTLY USED & SECOND HAND:

Instruments at greatly reduced prices. We have about 30 genuine bargains $1.00.
that ought to sell this week. Over 20 different makes are represented. All | New designs in fine Hemstitched Damask Table Cloths, with Napkins to
hive teen perfectiy repaired and newly finished. The prices range from | match, at our low-scale prices. Main Floor, Annex.

Brooklyn Furniture Company,

$
¢ Furniture, Carpets, Draperies,
gs to 571 Fulton Street, - Brooklyn, N. Y.

DCW UEOOO8U8H8U8SS OOO88888 888888 8F

     

———————

$85.00, $125.00, $150.00 to $225.00 for uprights and good squares at
$33.0) and $530), very fin? Sjaares at $$).0), $75.9) and $35.00, |
Parlor Organs at almost any price. Some for $15,00, $50.00 and $25.00, |
Better see thern if you want an organ, Small payments accepted.

THE STERLING PIANO CO.,

MANUFACTURERS,

Wholesale and Retail Warerooms (Entire Building, four floors),

536 FULTON ST., BROOKLYN.
Open Monday and Saturday Evenings. Look forthe name STERLING.

Manufacturers’ Samples ‘of White Blankets.

is that are slightly soile by handling, but not otherwise damaged.
| foe or single bed size, @2.00 per pait, instead of $4.00, and 83.50, instead of
f d $5.00,
$1 moe 5 double bed size, $2.00 per pair, instead of $3.00; $3.75, instead of
| $5.00 and £5.50, and $6.00, instead of $7.50 and $9.00,
12-4 size, $4.50, instead of $6.00 and $8.50, and $5.00, instead of $7.50.
| Main rioor, Annex

 

| Regular $1.00 Colored Dress Shirts for 50 Cts.

One hundred dozen Men's Colored Dress Shirts, made of fine Percale, ina
variety of new patterns, with detached cuffs, sizes 14 to 16%, at 50 cts. each,

instead of $1.00,
Special Sale of Night Shirts,
faith inthe Seward Peninsula asa mining region,

and that it will vield vast sums of gold A destrable lot of Men's Muslin Night Shirts, made full and long, with pearl
The Governor did not have opportunity buttons, felled seams, and neatly trimm ‘d around nesk, down front and around

to land upon either of the seal islands and
make inguiry Into the operations upon the , pockets, at 35 ots. each, or 3 for $1.00.

 

ALASKA’S GOLDEN SL®RAND; | [am ag conn a possible. _ Men of Jone eaperienes

 

JOHN @. BRADY REPORTS ON THE
{KOTIC ELDORADO.

ao

 

 

 

RELIGION AND POLITICS,

A Roman Catholic Argues Against Catholio
and All Denominational Political Action.
To THB Epitorn oF THe Sun—Sir; Article

VI. of the Constitution of the United States pro-

vides that ‘‘no religious test shall ever be re-

 

quired asa qualification to any office or publio |

trust under the United S ates" This provision
is contained, in words of similar import, in the
Constitution of nearly every Sate; and where
not expres y provided general constitutional
provisions have heen breadly inter reted by the
State and Federal courts to forbid a religious
test, It is the fundamental law of the land.
Letus consider whether organized, or even
sympathetic, politic: action of co-reUgionistes
as such, whether within existing parties, with-
out alilance with either, by confederation of
societies, by such action upon individual oo-
religionists as practically make a collective
body, or in other dir ct or indirect ways

mads, And @ secret religious qgua.tication

wo d be as obnoxious if it could b* proved.
Touching the sumgest'd confederation of

any form of political ac-

Catholio -ovieties, au
therein, the lesa immport:nt question of

tio

ats exieuiency, th reis not evena tromi-e of

Success, We Catholics are numerically a small
minority in the nat! n. The body politic is,and
alwiys has been, on this quasi-re igious ques-
tion a most -ensitive organism, acutely alive
to denominational sugwe tions and keeniy alert
in op’ Osing them conspicuous instance is
foundin the fatal alliteration -aid to have cost
Blaine te Presidency, That was ap attemptto
inj ct the p. ison of religious ‘avor or Cisfavor
(isn views it) into politieal controversy. It
failedin ita very birth, because it was ol nox-
jousto the spirit of the Co: stituilon, and the
people so understood it. It was noi-Catholio
as well as Catholic opposition that d stroyed it
Mere local co-trol where a Catholic majority
may happen to dwellis unim: ortant, and sud-
cess in this direction ia not worth the efor.
The fact that Cath lios have such deep re
spect for their prie ts &1d yleld them well-de-
served allegiance is another opposing circume
stance. Inall Catholic s ocleties the ecclesias-

ee eens

ALLA AAR ally

Baresi Post Mails for Germany tlose at 5 P. M. Mom
ay.

TRANSATLANTIC MAILS
TUESDAY~—-At7 A. M. for EUROPE, Pe steamship
Katser Wilhelm der Grosse, via Cherbourg, South-
ampton and Bremen (mali for Ireland must Be
directed “per steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der
)

Grosse

WEDNESDAY -At 6:30 A. M. for EUROPE, per
fteamship Oceanic, via Queenstown: at 0 A. ML
(supplementary 1:30 A. M.) for EUROPE, per
steamship Kensington, via Southampton and
Antwerp (mal! must be directed ‘per steamship
menetanicn’ , at.0 A. M, for ITALY, per steam-

ler, via Naples (mail must be directed

per steamship Aller

THURSDAY —At7A. M. for FRANCE, SWITZER-
LAND, ITALY. SPAIN, PORTUGAL, TU
KRY, EGYPT, WRITISH INDIA and LOR-

ENZO MARQU! S. per steamsiip La Lorrain
via Havre (mall jor other parts of Europe mu
be directed ‘per steamship La Lorraine’),
BATURDAY--At 5 A. M. for NETHERLAND
per steamship Staatendam ‘mail must be directe
“per steamship Staatendam ) at 4:30 A. M. for
UROPE, per steamship Campania, via Queene
town, at 10 A. M. for SCOTLAND direct, per
steamship Astoria (mall must be directed *

Nothing tn the History of the Country Like the
Stampede to Cape Nome--162 Steamships
and 70 Sailing Vessels, With 18,000 Souls,
Arrived This Year Up to Aug. 1~—Rich
Placer Ground Tied Up Because There
Were No Courts to Dectde on Claims.

Nov. 23--The annual report

officers of the revenue cutters which have
called at these rookeries all bear the same
testimony, namely, that the herds at the va-
rious hauling grounds are smaller each year,
This year the company were allowed to kill
younger males, and in all they took about
$4,000 pelts, At this rave the industry will
soon cease altogether
The hunting of sea

tical superior can easily influence action in any
| proper direction. But however sincere and
maniy this influen may be, toward tie outer
world the faci of this influence on: olitical mat-
ters would, irrespective of its merit, predom-
inate any posible good, We must consider
| Others in all politics: it is ina larger sense a
great school of unselfistineas, It won't doto
ey that the Congregational clergy dominated

offends this fundamental law.

The motive cirecting or aim intended by such
organized action seems irrelevant to the quea-
tion. The declaration of principlas of the or-
ganizing committee of the new confederation of
Catholic societies provides that ‘no political
party of any description whatsoever shall be

steamship Astoria’); at 12 M. for DENM.
direct, per steamship Norge (mail must be di-
rected “per steamstip Norge’): at 12 M. for
AZORES, per steamship Tartar Prince; at 12 M.
Yor ITALY, per steamship Werra, via Naples
(mail must be directed ‘per steamship Werra’).

| wround this season, The captains and other
Christmas Cards and Calendars.

   

NOTES OF MUSIC EVENTS.

minor. Bach; Sonata O major, op. 31, No 1, Beeth-
oven; Variations and fugue on ws theme by Handel,
op. 24, Brabme; schergo, C sharp minor, intermerso, F
minor, capricclo, C minor, Dobnanyl.

 

‘PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—This steamer takes

the Governor Printed

says, should be prohibited for a term of years,

WASHINGTON, otters, ‘The Metropolitan English Grand Opera Company Matter, Commercial Papers and Sam

| New England politics vears ago; we have gone ples for Germany only. The same class of ma:

, . “HL M. S. Pi e"' Nine | ; ee ss
of John G Brady, Governor of Alaska, a dox U- t for the reason that they are nearly eatinct Will this week be heard in ao ean In the | formed out of the Ca'holic v nion; nor shall the beyond that. And when a clergyman now Paatter tar other parts af Burooe eill net be
ment of filiy-eight printed pages, tells fae at i keeps — aguives ae cheese {2 performances oa Peuil, God vaenn A club for chamber music formed by Mrs. J. W union affiliate with any political party. Thus | tases a public place in political discuasion he by this ship Unlene specially directed by bE
se an rave ey. . . . ' : i After the closia s ary
some interesting things about Alaska. The sore which guttite on tnd nonvere’ then, | ae wee “yr Miller and Mra West Roosevelt will be called the of the many forme of political action twoare | stands out asa citizen gaining welght because aS chave “addinonel euceumenaee

Maile named above, additional supplementary
Mails are opened on the piers of the American,
Engitsh, French and German steamers, and re-
matn open until within Ten Minutes of the hour
of sailing of steamer.

Elder, Pringle, Boyle and Carr, and Mmee. Van |
Studdiford, Condon, Stender, de Lussan and Saun-
ders “Cavalleria Ruaticana” will be sung by MM.
Sheehan, Brozel, Mertens jand Lind, and Mmes. Stra-
| koseh, Goiden, Kronold, Thomson, Condon, Melx
} linger and Niven. per

| "The frst of Mme. Sembrich's two song recitals at
!

of hissrgumentand not because of his cloth.
That many Catholic societies h.ve a seoret or
ferni-secret organ zation {s a further impedi-
ment to their political aoc ion, Americans do
not favor an unseen political foe; and political
work reasonably subject to the surpicion of
secrecy fs distasteful. We hav long
against it; we can ot now take it up.

But if we are co aim at greater representation

: them and conveys them

to the nenting grounds. These people should '
be constrained to seek work in the canneries
and in the mines and to cultivate gardens
If they labored for 26 cents a day they would
be in more money than they now earn by hunt-
ing this animal. But they can earn very much
more, and the cannery people would be pleased
to onygnoy, them when they munifest a deter-

Governor savs that, thanks to the act of Con-
cress of March 4, 1899, Alaska ts now blessed |
with a body of good laws and a large criminal |
docket has been disposed of, although the need
of a territorial form of government is para-
Asto the appointment of a Judge for

prohibited. But public addresses made by |
friends of the movement and its friendly oor-
respondenta are urging ‘larger representation
in the State and National Legislatures,” ‘ade
quate recognition,” &o.

Bishop Mctaul of Trenton {s the best-known

Morgan String Quartet and assisted by Emii Paur
and Ludovie Breitner. It will begin a series of con-
Certs at Mrs, Miller’s on Dec, 19. The quartet is anew
organization, and has for its moving spirit the violin-
ist Geraldine Morgan. A clean-cut phrasing, intelll-
gent and thoroughly musicianly conception of the

 

law ulating nominations Id be valid if
anindr-o' religious test or cualificetion were Post Office Notice.
eclaimed

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA} ’
WEST INDIES, ETC.
SUNDAY. —At 6.30 P. M. for ST. PIERRE-MIQUE-

  

the Nome distriet, Gov. Brady says: mination to go to work. It is recommended, . | Works produced are ssid to be the best qualities, and | advocate of concerted action by Catholic so- we ass e ' bits ’ LON, per steamer from North Sydney.
Never was a man sent to fll A inore trying | therefore, that the Secretary of the Treasury | Catmemie Hall wilt be given @ west tile TNMs, | an almost perfect effeemste clotleg In his article in the North American : Peade for this burden, with ita consequent cone | TUESDAY at 6.90 AM. (aupplemesiasy 10:20
ae } Ho Noye ow | take this matter up and issue his orders early | and the programme covers @ remarkable range en Review for eptember he rep: lr the suggestion troversy, vituperation and unseemly. strifes? A. M.) for CENTRAL AMERICA (except Coste
position than Judge Arthur Noyes ia ny so that_all concerned can have time to adjust | Old Italian, French and English compose the | Richard T. Percy will give the last of his series of | Of a Catholle party in these words: “It will be ‘ Bice) and SOU

music,
first group, and not a school cf 6.6 writing is
om|ited in the othe? divisions The full programme
io as follows: :

Arla. "Pur diceati,"” A. Lott: “M'ha presa alla

STH PACIFIC PORTS: pet steam-
abip Advance, via Colon (mail for Guatemala
must be directed ne steamship Advance”); at
1230 P. M. (supplementary 1 P.

THOMAS, ST. CROIX, I
LEEWARD ISLANDS, and DEMERAR per
hip Caribbee; at 1B. M. for MEXICO, per

‘iling at Cape Nome. Everybody and every-
thing is pellemell There are several claim-
ints tor each town lot, beach claim, and creek
elum 25.000 people waiting for the court to

Are we ready to guaranteea mapner citizenship,
a broader states:nanalip, an honest Govern-
me it? These are very serious questions, and
thy must first be derermined in the affirmative
before we can be ready to launch the body
Catholic or any denomination unon the sea of

neces asary, of course, to have crganization; al
go feties composed of Catheles should en-
dea\or to touch at ce tan points, eo that while
each retains its identity and pursues tts own
aims there may be a bond of unt fh enabling
them to exert a coneerted { fluence; but the

their affairs accordingly
Gov. Krady makes thease remarks on
ublect of aterritorial government
“Twolve years ago A. P. Swineford, at that
time Governor of the district, championed

free organ recitals atthe Marble Collegtate Chureh,
Fifth avenue and Twenty ainth street, this afternoon
atéo'clock. The assisting soloist will be Josephine
J. Percy.

the

  

 

 

; pt t
open its doors If it be asked, ‘Does the | the cause of territorial organization. and Op= | gig ragna,” Paradies; “Mon petit c@ur’ (Album Ltan tioal ne Saat criticiam an> possiblecondemnation. Wemust steamship Ithaka, via Tampico (matl must be
recent legislation give adequate protection | Peared before the Committee on Territories 2 w S adannan pat Wekerlin), suthor un- Prite Kretsler, the Austrian violinist, will be heard | formation of ea le it B iy 1% fot See first be certain that the xpecial community has directed "per steamship Ithaka”) at 1 P. M. for
ee y | And argued the question ably. All these years | d@ le Gre R. ” Ab, Mistress | Deve with the Philbarmonte Society on Dec 7. Min- | Plated.’ As the learne Shor Spee. much to gain and nothing to lose. On. the RAZIL, per steamship Castillian Prinee, via
to life and property in all parts of the district?” | have passed and et!il we have no such organ- | known; “The Three Ravens, * Le | BIC Tracey 19 to be assisted by David Mannes and | ['nds 2 larger re resentation of Catholics in equestion of gain it is urged that we ahould have ernambuco and Rio Janeiro (mail for Northern
the answer would be, ‘No, it does not.’ Ad- | ization. ‘There must be some valid reason | sine," old English ditties; “Freudvoll umd Leivoll.”” | |). Luekstone at ber concert In Mendelssohn Hall the Legislatures of the land, it aeems, howe 7 larger representation, more recognition, or, in sraril, Argentine Republic, Uruguay and Para-
ditional courts and the code are a great bless- | forit. In brief, Congress must take the blame. | peeinoven; “Gretchen am Spinnrad,” “Du bist die | soni. © io He ever, reasonab y cear that this “cone rted ine | iain words, a greater share of the officoa, be directed “per steamship Castilian
sheaggaases) este : The withholding of the land Inws is the real Lachen," Schubert; “Wie | 0 Dec. 12, Ernst von Dohnany! will play this week | fluence” ix the orwanization of political action | Without touching the fact that Catholle offloe- 2 P. M. for ST. KITTS, BARBA-

Ing and all who can enjoy them are thankful
But the whole southern coast, from Unalaska
to Yakutat, is without protection, and within

diMleulty to-day territorial government | Rub,” “Weinen ua Ss Af “
means taxation, and Alaska to-day is not in a | Melodien sieht es mir, Standchen, 7, Brahms: Er
condition to stand it. An entire population | der herrlichste von Allen,” “Er ist's, Auftrage.

alo @ denominational lines
There is certain y to be no Cetho'le party, but
it is just as necessary that there be no none

DOS and DEMERARA, per steamship Ellen;
at® P.M. for JAMAICA, per steamship Admiral
Farragut, from Boston.

in Boston. Lilian Biauvelt is singing In the Weat | holders ae not scarce {n some communities, we

might profitably speculate upon their present
benerit to Catholics as such, and their possible

 

William H. Norton will be heard in an organ re-

sc
=f
4s

c
e2

| t ’ ' 0 | WEDNESDAY.--At_| P. M. for CUBA, CAM-
who are simply squatters, with a very few | $6 " n), B. Godard; see . " Catholic rarty er rol tical action in pe orm re er © EC WCCATAN
this area the population is very considerable, exceptions, Te not Able to bear the burden of | “une on” dane ee lledte mich 80 eae bane ame ca amie a tae tee Be mt wh reo > oan au or ie " Mf he panic mary Cathe! ers tint, vow Mauch BAS ibe ttramadiy venta sin iv roan
operty rsts i sivi yernment. If Congres will |” . * . " P ebter, Mam | be, I< it right or even expedient, in view of the ° a +f ‘ “ ai ; . ae
Gnd Ds property tntarerte in Senerice Ene SONS only treat the Goople hades ae it has the | sehr.’ Tachatkowsky; ‘Romance” (Russian). | farlane, Grison, Widor, Bach, Dubois, Hall and Hol- | ¢ natitutional dogma of religions equaitv or PUTPOS and His pollical advancement will Progrean (mall for other parts of Mexico m

and other industries will amount to millions aimo-t inevitab y be barred. I: ise bnoxtous | be d rected “per steamship Yucatan”)

people in every part of the Western frontler | Giinke; “Mazurka” (Polish), Celinakl; “Nachtiled.” | tus are the composers represented on the programme, | Nreation to organize denominat anal rolitical , Smart in presen notion of tings. But politl. | THURSDAY. —At 2.50 A. M. for JAMAIC .

 

” ' , A, pe
of dollars in regard to land titles. it can be assured that | .. tLjebesfeter,"” R Prana; “Uber’s Jahr." “Der oe action in any form whatever? ‘The constitue Yana wia wil promiee anythiee vio steamship Admiral Schley, from Philadelphia;
The Governor gives a detalled and pictus | within a fow vears there will be a population | Mare ©. Bohm: “Das Kraut Vergessenbelt,” | A benefit concert in aid of Martha Miner, the con- | {{onal provisions noted, the decis ons interrre {aga ind cater to acy clase, race. of creed in at 1 P.M. (supplementary 130 P. M.) for SAN-

ting them, hroadening rather than limiting, with
te constitutio al severance of Chure’s and
State, make the final parting between New ond

here who will gladly accept the burden of | Sebrur.” 4 e ;
governing themselves. It was taken for | “Ea Hegt ein Traum uf der Halide," A. V. Fielits

granted at the list session of Congress that | Ludovic Brettner is to be associated with Mme.

ture are unfortunate’y not few. We might in
some Piaoss h-insuch men to the personal
gains of public office, and might even then be

resque account of conditions all over Alaska
and the more or less sucoessful effort to bring

cert soprano, who has just recovered from typhoid

TIAGO, per aveamiabip Santiago de Cuba.
fever, will take plaee on Tuesday afternoon at Knabe Mf

BATURDAY—At 8 A, M. for ARGENTINE RE
PUBLIC, TRIGUAY and PARAGUAY, ter

  
 

: 7 nine ore Jor 4 . Vv steamship Bellaire. at 10 A. M, (supplementary
order out of chaos under the operation | afterthe courts which were created had hadtime | semprien in the performance, as it was desired to | Hall. The artisteto appear are Charlotte Walker, | (4 World Idens. i tner were meant by the betrayed. It would be at best the purchase of at 10:90 A.M.) for PORTO RICO (Ft
of the new land laws, and finally gets down | to oreantze, and the Judges liad had time to have the services of something more than a mere | Ethel Crane. Lulu Cornu, Florence Mulford, Filitson | {thors to ecd forever the strife of religious a Hess an service and a Plain evasion of the VEN SZC ELA and el Ric & Ban Suar

. ai appoint commissioners and mark out their begin tomor- | von Hoose, Hobart $. Mock, W. C Weedon ; raneor that armed the Chri tlan against hia point in question. Resides, it is not ao clear Cutncas Geant ta meeeni 2 '
to the subect of Nome. Of this far-away | prroinots. and thus get more semblance of | accompanist. The sale of seats will beg ies, dulten Welbon Sorter Gaheniens beck brother and ended in rivers of blond. It seams that wedo not already eniov a fair share of , ae arthagene

reanized comm p f ; " ‘tal will be given Jear that not only were thea> horrors to he ; : must be directed “per steamship Caracas’); at
E) Dorado he save: organized committees, it would grant the | rowatSchuberth's The second ree : clear ; , public offies. There are no available statistics 10 A. M. (supplementary 10:30 A. M.) for FOR-
"The stampede to Nome ts unique. There | People a Delegate to look after Alaska’s in- | on gne evening of Dea 11, _ ial Mildenborg and Hans Kronold. The chorus of the | forever «nded, but that any approach to an Bee Oe although sore dissatisfied pa- TUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVANILLA

al'lance between Church and Stateor linking
polities with religion was to he annihilated
Before the Constitution the old notion thot men
of another faith were of necessity enemies to
the State hrd been a atrong drecting influ-

teresta before Congreaa and the departments

We look. therefore, to Congress to take thi Ossip Gadrilowitseh will be beard in recital for the
matter up at t's approaching session an first time to-morrow afternoon. at Mendelssohn Hall.
maket a law which will allow the prone to

elact a delegate which will represent ther at | H's programme Is as follows:

Musical Art Society under Frank Damroseb will also
Sing.

A series of four Saturday symphony concerts wit

triot muy have some such compilation ut
an) one who cirea ty loo. further than his own
day and housetop may easily find miny Catho-
lics who have held and till hold wery high

fe nothing in the history of the country like
{t. The arrivals on the ocean vessels to July
15 were 18,000 souls. Ono hundred and aixty-

and CARTHAGENA, per steamship Alta! (mall
for Costa Rica must be directed “per steamship
Altai"). at 10 A. M. (supplementary 10:30 A. M.)
for HAITI, per steamship Alps, via Port eu
Prince, Petit Goave and Jeremie; at 11 A. M.

 

 

; : be given in Brooklyn on Jan. 5, Feb. 2, M : > office, tneloding the Cabinet or the Unitad
two steamships and seventy sailing vessels sh!ngton."’ Bech-Tausig. tocatta and fugua D minor: Bee y , » Marek 6 ce in New Fraland. | It had been of & , h for CUBA, per steamship Mexico, tia Havanat
arrived up to Aug. 1. The registered tonnage saat li thoven, sonata, D major, op 28 (Pastorale); Chopin, | and April 13 by Prank Damrosch and his orchestra me service in the days wh ns re'ieton eeieiae "Yioe an te ee eee tena on; ‘das a NORTHERN BRA ETL. nd Cesta:
of these vessela amounted to 67,801. The | MOTHER SUES TO OUST DAUGHTER, nocturne, B fiat major, op 27, valse, A fiat major, | atthe Academy of Musio Marguerite Hall, Kathe | was the only safeguard of civilization, Tectment of these matters, and an effort for at P.M for MATANZAS, CAIDARIEN, NUR:

but hed lone ago lost its value for nerma-
nent good The New FEnelordera held firmly
to It, however, cherishing their Puritaniem na@
the true aim of their goverment Catholie
and Quaker alike fell rider the severa ban of
Congregationalien Roger Willlams, banished
by the theocratic idealists of Mnsesachueetta
colony for his views of religionato'eronce, and

rine Heyman, David Mannes and Hissem de Moss
Will be the soloista’ Mr. Damrosch will ¢ ve « brief
eaplanation of the music before it is performed. The
programme of the Grst concert is as follows: Over-
ture, “Der Freischuets,” Weber; larghetto from Sym-
phony No 2, Beethoven; Dance of the Sy!pha,

eee op. 34; Schumann, earneval, op 9; Rubinstein, ro-
Being Herself Ousted From a House She Had | mance, F major, op 26; Gabdrilowitsch, gavotte, D
Deeded to the Daughter. minor; Glinka-Balekirefl, L’ Alouette, and Lisst, rhap
Rose Schreiber, a wealthy widow, has proe | sedie. op. 5.
) } At bie recital in the same hall on Friday the pianist
ae eee eee ere will be heard In the following programme:

more recognition m wht seem to others like an
effort for absolute control, The mere discus-
sion of these ratios shows the impropriety of
the effort

Rut only justice is to be demanded, the friends
of the new <ucgestion sincerely urge. This can
app yonty to the xecutiv> angi leg'slative de-

actua! tonnage cerried was, no doubt, twice
this amount) The number of arrivals by
way of the Yukon was estimated at 6,000,
and the number who wintered there has
been estimated at 3,00). This, then, would

VITAS, GIBARA and BARACOA, t steam-
ship Olinda (ordinary mall only, whitch must be
epecially addreased “per steamahip Olinda”).

 

Malls for Newfoundland, by rat! to North 8 .
and thence by steamer, close at this offices é
at 430 P. M. (connecting close here every Mon-

P Pe a ( ” +] |
make the number of inhabitants of the | tice Roesch to oust her daughter, a Gold | Mendelssohn, prelude and fugue; Heethoven, so | Rakoczy: march, Berlioz. toeking siccor in Massasoit’s wiewam, fe a Pariine. et Senn mean, We [eae Sune | day, Wednesday and Saturaay). Malla tor Mte
camps abolt 25,000, Tt was fortunate for | smith, and her son-in-law, David Goldsmith, | nate, op. 110; Chopin, prelude, D flat, seherz0, op. 20; Roberto Vitel hatan sn airking nrof that he was far a ead of hia aly alwiye mniat everenera ce will ; quelon, by tall to Boston, and thenee by steamer,
those who had freight to handle that the | from the residence 140 East Sixty-second | co imann, phantasle, op 17: Leschetieky, Gigue & fan Ttallan conductor, will direct @ | tina He wesentritually akin to‘he Catholic } , ere, but that le, o close at this office daily at 8:30 P. M.

course, nO reason for satisfving quiet.
notcom

/ Malle fof
concert int 1 a) | Cale . ' ‘ore We are Cuba, by rail to Port ‘7 ani
weather was #o fine during part of June and | street, which until recently was the home of | jnugue; ‘Tachatkowsky, Darcarolle, G minor; Ga- be Madison Square Garden Concent B Calvert who has the Imperis'able glory of firat tent tosay how serlously such warl- : eat this otter AA

. Fla.
by steamer, close at this office dally at §

: this evening. He is said to have won the fest pri yroclaiming in the Americon Colonies that. by ata i io .
duly, for, as everything had to be Iightered | Mrs. Schreiber | brilowitach, Petite Serenade, and Scbubert-Tauslé. | esmpocition at the Royal Conservatory S aan fav, relivious freedom micht be had inant least tainly mparaiie Gad tat loteoeeee arhey and Friday! Mane for esis Cy stan
on barges or in boats, stuf? was taken ashore The plaintiff testified that before the marriage  syarcne Militaire. Beethoven, Wagner and Massenet are the composers aay cetanins th Marvtawd lathe seventeen rolgntexiet even tf the nropoted movemene

unless specially addressed for despatch by ate:
close at this office dally at 2 OA. Mand 230
r. M. Matle for Costa Rica, Belize, Puerto
Cortez and Guatemala, b Orleans,
and thence ty steamer, close at this office dally
at 65.00 P, (connecting close here Mondays

of her davehter to Goldsmith in 1893 she deeded
this house to her daughter on the understanding
that Mra. Schreiber could have the life use of
the house. After the marriage the son-in-law

without los. or damage

“If a court could have been opened there
as early as March and a certain number of cases
tried which involved the different questions at

gained success But we are, as Amerionns, a
reasonable people, and are quick to repair sub-
stantial wrong Weare op ntointelligent dis-
cussion, and are capable of honest and co: rect
decison ‘The merits of an honest claim need

Mme. Carreno will be heard in recital at Mendels- | on the programme
sohn Hallon Tursday afternoon. She will play the
following programme

Fant.isieinC minor, Mozart; sonata, op. 81, No.

eontury was opposed by Cromwe'l with tne
sword, an? happened when average Puronean
and American thought helieved it worthy of
man-ki'ing, and when Catholice «tronely dom-

William C. Cari will gire bis seventy-ffth free organ
recital at the Old First Presbyterian Church on Tues-
day afternoon.

it ite iat et emennnanics senenntnnimenen en

 

. . an ‘ r intiff’ inated Morviand colony The mixing of politica Sal : Ay a for Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guatemala an
wee peg Bg he ere ee reeer: | came to live there with the plaintiff's consent 4, Beethoven; nocturne, op. 62, No 1, barcarolie, ion and religion was atill the habit of the times, pe eto beating ities came ne ana Cueadaya, for Costa Rica) sRegimered x
i f i . o * 5 . . “ <ine . or J 1 , ' ; . * >
ut very largely. Litigation begets uncertainty, | Por some time back the mother has b en iM eude A fiat, seherto, Op. 31, Chopin; fantatsie inC | poy HAD SEEN ALL BUT TOM REED, | "| WAX Almost Universal. Then, Iter, the politic | eohesion along denominational lines ta Smee Se Os Ss Serine Ge

fathera took it un ent it out from the hody
politic forhede itin pn sitive words. and clearly
meant to banish the error from onr ‘and

4 religious tect being forbitéen bv law, all
exec tive, Peaia'ative and fudi ia’ action con.
trolled therehy beng vold, is ane Pronosad
eoheston of denominationa! political effort con-

strained relations with her dvughter and sen-
in-law and Mrs. Schreiber says that when these
relations began she found herself cut off from
all but one room in the house After Mra
Schreiber returned trom the country this fall,
ahe saves, she found the doors of her home

Mvestors are Cautious Where there is a
Hability to purchase « lawsuit with a min-
ing interest. None of these cases could be
determined until some time in September
Waichever side may lose, the case will be ap-
pealed to a higher court) Much of this rich

major, Schumanu; ‘Sel mir eegriiast,”” “Du bist die
Ruhe,”” “Standehen von Shakespeare," ‘Erludnig,”
Schubert Lisat.

‘The Orsi of Sam Franko's concerts of old muste
played io the fashion of its time will be given on

Ran Away From Maine Home, and Wanted te
See How Reed Looked as a New Yorker.
Neal Bliss,a thirteen-vear-old boy who said he

ran away from his home at Cumberland Mills,

TRANSPACIFIO MAILS.
Mails for China and Japan, via Vancouver
here daily at 6:30 P.M. upto Nor. §27, ehatre
for despatch per steamship Empress of China
(registered mail must be

certainly a show o force and not Intelligent or
good A\menean argument, Besides, of what
availist\#® owofanin’ rior force? It would
be a rebelio  sganst our treditions, with la-
mentable resulta, and without the chanoe of win-
ning the dignity f@ successful rew lution,

 

Judge,” he sald to M

istrate Crane, “I
ran away from my home an

of Catholic tradition in Ameica opposes {t. teh per Australia. Maile for
went to Portland. D It

> ‘ ie e she resided w _ Dp
any board for the time she resided with them, await, Upina Sapan’ ocd Pelicses “bana

Goldsmith testified that Mrs. Schreiber informed

lacer ground, therefore, may be tled up for : « aie dihinaes badiens : Re , )
two seasons yet | ae ae on” bas since been living Tuesday afternoon at the Lyceum Theatre. The Me, near Portland, about four months ago, trary to the spirit of the law? And af it va COR- eo aree ae cob neareent oes aoe tons’ nae aatty'ee te leet ee arene re aie
“There is but one sentiment on this subject | & Mra. Goldsmith said her mother had given | prow‘amme is as follows was brought to the Essex Market jyolice ceurt eh oe what rake wt an * n > aint re unwise The signal to this new work would despatch t teamabip Zealandia. — Maile
emong miners, namely. that, it i Geirimental | her the house outright and had plenty of money Christoph Willbald vom Gluck (1716-1787), ower. | Yesterday. fe rT found wandering in Madi- on ura thes thas such @ duiest artian . act ine sou d harshly upon te earaof thoas headfu for Papelt’, via San Prancisen b
defes ie fled ire . , ; ; Py . . , ” ther alo “ri . F I
pose of Our very liberal mining laws. the pro. | to tive on, She sald her mother had not paid | qure, “ipb genta In Aulis;" Jacques Pierre Rode | “0M, street the night before rroaaly forbidden. Pol'tical a: tion is of courae Of Ney aet. The best of Auerican history at ily er. tre, 0 8:00 P. se oe

eyction of precious metals Claims staked (1774-1830), concerto for violin; Plerre Alexandre ae free as the air: but at times it may he

would be an irregular step in apy direction,

after Jan 1 can be held for nearly two years ' (1720 1817), “Chaconne et Rigaudon;” | Tien I stole aboard a boat and ¢ h t snieldal. That a el'izes hody mar do that t ae 4 via San Francisco, close here lly at 6
} im that she Wan sett t house on t Monsieny i ard a boat and came here to ’ aan . with # tndency to move backward. Wea y
eee Send fp Solat wore . | pe So that the Selghiat would ‘Surely Joseph Hayda (1782-1808), symphony No. 1 (E fiat). aoe See sights i seen all want and want to p baled asthe Aad ae, e . Te pee shold seek forther recognition, if we must, z. Ba a. pi. potuaire in 6 hag
3 pountry have thus been ; \ " ; . ople are » by conapi . ff stea Nippon
and held simply for speculation Rundteda have property | The sucee ding concerts will be given on Dec. 11 | &° What wan toatl” asked the Mabletrete. Intell ent. Becanee concerted relicione geting rathe hy conspicuou. fidelity to oivie duties Japan and Poitipmne Tslanda, via Seattle (ordi.

Justice Roesch reserved decision
witz, counsel for Mrs) Schreiber, announced =
that he would Dring an action in the Supreme ‘The first of the Frank Damroseh coneerts for young
Court to ret aside the deed of the house to the people will be given on Saturday afternoon at Car-
ae negie Hall. The following programme will be
Plage. Overture, “Calm Sra and Prosperous Voy-

and more active work for general civio be' ter-
ment than br aiding the political progreaa of
non who denand to know a citizen's ‘eligion
be'oré tik ng rolitical action. We should not
ses. to lower our ty: ical American ideal Tt ie
not to be b lived that the tree planted by
Ca vert in Marvland two centuri-s ago, and

of good miners Who went to Nome this season Otto Hore | ana Jen. 4
and Who went many tiles into the interior |
to prospect found stream after stroam staked,
and very seldom could they find where the |
Gingllest prospect hole had been sunk Thay

; knéw that if they should sink and find @ rie) ont a Ghietee @
Pay streak on any of this ground a claimant Prospecting and Mintag Company

mary mail and specially addressed registere

mal!), close here daily up to December §4 at 6;

P.M. for despatch per steamsh'p Ideumi Maru.
Mails for Australia (except West Australia),
New Zealand, Hawalt, Fiji and Samoan Islanda,
via San Franciseo, close here daily at 6:30 P.M
up to Dee, §7, inclusive, for despatch per steam-

 

“Tom Reed,’ the boy, as in pol tica does not offend the lr tier of t) e'nw,
chent out neon bite lot Sof times at ho oy there is atiil no «ommendation o- even Jus'ifica-
became 8'Ner yee pew e looked since he tion; and the abserior nf pro’ isition does not
became & New Yorket.”

ance t the rteht or fustion of the plan, Surel-

The boy was committed to the ourtody of | the citiven should refrain f-om that forbidden
the Gerry society and his parents will be com- | t2,the Judge, Malum im ee is cortainiy more
municated with

betnout than malum prohrbitum

 

: a ” ' since rourish ' ship Sierra. Mails for Australia (except West
Would seon arrive, so many left in disust ALmany, Nov. 2¢--The New Mexico Prog | ese.’ Mendelssohn: songs, “In Haven,” “Where Cane Extreme freedom and ‘icone for polition! Wil he buck dbs Sean of nw Australia, which goes via Europe, and New
Bome Who have tested the digeings enoug! » » ite Corals Lie,’ Edward Elgar, Marguerite Hall, two ; action is pre e'ved te usin he belie’ that it. is Ul be & pe | Zealand, ‘which S tte men
Hl} necting and Mining Company of New York | © Attachment for Midgets’ Salary ! NEW YORK, Nov. 18 Rorert J Manon a San Francis), and
to satisfy themselves of its richness in certain 1 an i — movements from suite, “Aus Holberg’s Zeit,” Grieg: . sef-corrective, A diver‘ence trom the cone } , Fiji Islands, via Vancouver, close here daily at |
Will remain over winter, and after dan | city, with « eapital stock of $180,000, was in- The Sheriff has received an attachment for | stitutional <pirit finds ite remedvin free dis- 6.39 P. M. after Dec. 7, up to Der. §8, incluatre,

wit

old songs: Welsh sacred song, “By Waters of Baby

 

Jump those claims pon Which asso. corporate | teday with the Secretary of State =

; i fol’ f the ° : for despatch pe {
Commish song, “Where Be Going,” Highland | $400 agai:st Alexander A. and Nathan Hashim in | (2%. !0" in the unfol’ing of the right o> wrong mentath tanita’ ete teen” orang! sfupPle-

. Pest Otire Rote,

  
 

  

ment work has not been performed oo aeiate itl semiinee . | Jon.” of the iratter And in any American diacus- .
3 “Any one can sae how Alaska is suffering from | Poe comove will « Xplore, Prospect and de- cong Turn Yeto Me." Irish song, “The Banks of | favor of the Rossow Midget and Specialty | sion of the topic in qu ation there wa: Gacur ie as ae Dee. 49). Mails tor Howail, Japen, China and

| this unlimited Tight to stake. The injury will | Yelm mine and other properties in New | the Daisies,” English song, “Nymphs and Shep- | Company for balance due of salary from Nov. | to be but one concluson. and that is that ST OFFICE NOTICE Qnty vase ba “ Pie & Ehsan te

' gontinue right along and be multiplied many | Mewes, Colorado and elsewhere within the herds,” Purcell; entrance of the Gods into Walbaila, | 12 te Nov. 26 The company nets “ employ- , orginized avtion fir <oliticn! effect on de- on Geapateh per stea mahip Rio de Janeiro. —
fold unless Congress prescribes a remedy | United Sto The directors are James M * “e "| ment under a tract made on 15 at nominational lines _off-nd< the spirit of our (Should be read DAILY by all interested) as changes Transpacific mails are forwa: ; j
Things ‘and mining are therwfore. reapectaly | x 'At AGN Want Hoven iene Tag Saag | “RBA” Weaner, —__ On the ground that the Mesars. "Haahitn ate | fiv'Socsea th Sw of he senian sf aeteek: | “Macias Rat’se Se. wee a ey |

' ° eo e Teapectfully oN Joy Van anten, aton, N. } an . tive ma, in view of the genius of onr inetitue oretgn mi ‘or the ik endii of ir n
: requested to inquire into this matter and to | pene Cooke, William Ogden Harrison, _ @fast von Dohnany! wilt be heard again im recital | Do idents of Philadelphia, and was # rved op tions. like @ dofencs of political virtue {teelf. | will close (PROMPTLY B et pees, PRegicterea ' tee

find a ne to combat and overcome it, and to | Galher Po White and dared FP. Harrison of | at Mendeissonn Halton the afternoon of Dea & The | them at Koster & ‘0 ob West Thirty-f A strictly legal yew there is room for doubt | Fos, OMe ee f Sack cus PANES i
see to it that their conclusions are put into a! New York city, | | programme |s as fvilows: Fantaisie Chromatique @ | street whether pction under the several Blate olection close one Rowr cartier above Fest O@e0 ers, °

oe -
nn le nena aaa i - >
+ te a

oe