FIELD,

persere

BIOGRAPITS NEM

puronrise

reevenmis of
reese

arene

 

Analogs Merween Hh cad the Sewmemener Haw
the Oivtaree Qre Oh ined Inetiares ef
CGairt Ware the be tere the ope and
On en Victoria trong Te Petrone w
teriea! Vilae af the Mearoh ft te he

‘ '

Ae 4 ‘

"

Bia .

»! '

pre ‘

bee ‘ j " ' he

* breve f ‘ tone «

@ ' ‘ '

© ' weve

fry ritten a

' ! Pputone ! ‘

fnare ' ' lowe ’ '

that thet Vithin ¢ as

' ‘ ' iwe reow to

reproduced before ids f people

Vienna, Berin, t | nd the large

tities of Western Buroge Within ten das

thonsands of people here tn Ne rh will
peas the arrival of the former President of the

Beh Afmean Hepublic ta vastly better ad

winrtivwe thin st ands of the people wt

netudilv. were n the seene when he enne
ashore In other words « atore tm Ne

York, thousands miles awav will, be placed

right up in the front row amon the ofMfeia!

and within the very he t inn of police
feaervation

Tosiech and many otheceven more marvel lots
tses has come the biograph This is the result
not merely of the wonderful mechanic (ie~
velopment which makes possible the taking
and reproducing of phetegraphs ef moetior
but aleo of the remarkable systeta of covering
and quickly disseminating the records of area!
news events that bas come to he one f the

great features of thie latter-day photoeray ha

The concern that does this work is oreanized |
on precisely the same lines a
eofaras reporting acertain ¢

Agreat newspaper

 

lise of news events

{x concerned The American Mute scepe and
Biograph Compans { this city, for instance,
has a city departinent which covers all news

events within a radius of 100 niles around New
Tork. Tothis departinent by arrangement
with daily paper poncecteovery event thathnas
furnish a subject of biegraphie photography
fe rushed with all possible speed and ina jiffy

 

 

Photograplier ee! ipned with the latest form
of biographic cameras are on the way to the
scene. The Tarrant explosion and. fire in
Warrenstreet afford an ilustrationol the speed
at which work is rushed bv tha pictureepro-
du evstem

The explosion occurred at about quarter
past 12 noon The head tiers of the
company is in) Proadway near Fourteenth
Bree! The compans it depariinent got

 

er from its downtown hews-
paper correspondent. got its corps of ft hotog-
Faphers to the scene, striking
pictures of the scene and got the negatives
to the factory over in Hoboken, where thev
were developed. Then prints were made
from them and that same evening photographs
giving a reproduction of all the movement,
turmoil and confusion of the scene were pre-
sented to the audience of one of the uptown
theatres In other words, people read of the
disaster in THE Evening SUN before dinner
and after dinner went to the theatre and saw it

It takes only the veriest amattering of knowl-
edee of photography to appreciate thet this
fe work so quick as to fall little short of the
marvellous. With the ordinary proceses it
takes three hours for a phetograph to dry,
and with the artificial quick-drying method
in use by the blograph company there must |
be the most delicate handling or the entire
work is ruined. '

still another case of quick action was ac-
complished when Sousa last plaved in England, |
On the day he sailed from England he led his
band in a final concert. On the evening of
the day his steamer arrived In New York an
uptown theatre gave a perfect biographic
reproduction of the seene in London when |
fousa led his musicians in the last number on
his programme which was played a few hours
only before the vessel that brought him home
sailed from Southampton. This meant that |
the biegraphic photographs were taken, de-
veloped, printed and got aboard the same ship
on which Sousa himself sailed

Still another instance of fast work, which
probably holds the record for speed, was tn
the case of a speech delivered in England not
long ago by the Duke of Devonshire, It was
late in the forenoon when the duke made his
speech He then went to luncheon and after
luncheon had the satisfaction of seeing every |
@esture he made and every expression on his
features while he was speaking reproduced |
to the minutest detail in ph tographs

The matter of systematically covering news
events that are local to New Yory is only of |
recent date. It began with the burning of the
North German Lloyd piers in Hoboken. On
that oceasion the conmpany was badly beaten,
fn cewspaper phraseology, on the first day's
@iory Its men did not get over to the fire in
time to take any pictures, and although they |
in a made up for this bv getting
good views of liter dramatic episodes of the
disaster, it was determined to organize a com-
plete system for getting news tips. This led
to the arrangements that were made with
mewspapers for an exchanwve of pictures within
certain tines and under certain circeumetances
for prompt notifiedtion of the occurrence of
events of a character that = may
be susceptible of biographic reproduction
This system works admirably and every dav
there come into the biograpl offtves t
kinds of events. Many of these are ne
as for instance the bursting of the 48-inch water
main on the site of the new Library building
fn Forty-second street last Wednesday The
company had notice of this within five minutes
after {ft was known in the downtown newspaper
of ces and could have got photographers to the
#oene as quickly as the reporters themselves
were there had it been decided that the event
Was a live one for its particular kind of work

As vet the covering of bevond the
1M-mile radius is only imperfectly systema-
tized) Such epoch-making hoppenines as, for
{netance, the wrecking of Gal ton by the
hurricane, are of course cover In fact a
Diograph man got into Galveston on the first
relief train that went there But in and about
all the great news centres of the country such
as Chicago, St Louis, Buffalo, Pittshure Cleve-
land and Cincinnati there are cor
curring things which would
bicgraphic pictures and it
of time when these pot
the New York centralot
the Metropolitan district
direetion i
biographi

news of the disa

made a series of

measure

striking

 

 

events

 

    

tantly oe}
make
is only
= will be covered from

striking
a& question

e as thoroughly as is
A long step in this

A remarkable improvement in the
}

 

camera which is now in) process

of evolution and soon will he completed This

new camera will not only take the pictures

but will reproduce them project them upon
the screens of theatre stages as well

The strides in the simplifleation and redue-

tion in size and weight of the biographic mech-

 

  

anism have been very great and very rapid
Only a bore time aso the operator had to take
with him a large and unwieldy eleetrie battery
and other applances that made a total weieht
of? more than two tons This was gradually
improved inte iller size and le weight
until fnally the eleetrice battery. the mos: awk-
ard and eurmber e of the acce rie
Was done away wit gether Ky a em
of coewheel clock-work ‘aring the film wa
Was made to spin past the lens witt 1 the
rapids re red the pie turning of a
crunk Thos fe pre se ‘ :
@asily handled 9 he now ” ' ur
ton, Ww ! iy CONVen ence With the
ehimit Dine battery came the eliminatior
of mar chances of break-down and failure
atecritiealt ents

Bat even with this improved camera ther
je still the necess of rumrning the pictures
through ane her machine entirely distiner

takes then
receiving its

from the ene that
@ainera now final touches is
Brought out this disadvantage will be removed

When the new

 

, and

!

|

Then the phetaerapher can oo cut, take lite

fietores, develop and grint them and tuen
then oer with bie cormpaet centodaeing om
fa tathe «nae mane tr pro heeteod ripen
' vfeene for the benef vitiencre in
theatres of poulblle ha ; be thie wou
wreath: ft tate (he « erne if newa every
all oe conoeer ty ‘ ph errnpte
© 1M pare " ' rfeepend
‘ he @real nee ! ‘ ve

 

‘ e ciel, whe
! te ' ' 1
i th character | theute
'
wf ‘ ‘

feet ‘ 1inwedy ’ ' bet

‘ ‘ veh one tte tr ‘ or

rnew. tip gathering won aper

in Ne Yor}

the analogy between the blowray neler
the ten now developed and atill heme de
‘ ped, with the erent «de reweopapera

every way complete fike tl ewepaper

records all the @reat histori al event f the
da md it ie marvellous to thie of what a
record of our present world life it wit medi
‘own fo coming generations, with ll thoes
details of dress and tmoanners and incidents |
Which written bdatory, however graphic, can
not supply Had there been biewraphs in
former dave we tnight now see all the ereat

choracters and scenes of history as living pres
the siening of the Deon
thon of Tadependence, the Brit
ish tines up Breed's Hill to fla@ht the battle of

ences before us

1dvance of the

Bunker Hill, the evacuation of New York by
the British, Washington taking leave of his
officers down in Fraunce’s Tavern in Broad

. Washington in his daily home life at
Mount Vernon —all these things we might have
in living, moving reproduction before us, just
AS generations ome will have the stirring
seenes of the Spanish, Philippine and South
African wars, which the biograph has faithe
fully reeorded

Several Governments,
and the German, have
tance of the biograph
historical events, but asa valuable aid to grasp
ing and understanding in clearer detail things
and events which bear upon matters of to-day.
They have made elaborate arrangements for
acqiiring, wing and preserving biographic
photograph. and do all that they te afford
facilities for the taking of biographic pictures
that may heo!

to ¢

notabiv the Fralish
ipprecjated the ar
net only asa record of

por

 

ear

interest or use, or bot, to preset tf

and future generations Seeretary Koot of
the War Department has also adopted the
biograph and organized a library of muto-

scopic reels of pictures of all naval and mili-
tary events, both at home and abroad, aud these

| will form a part of the national records

Of all the monarchs of Europe none is more
interested in the biograph than Emperor Wil-
Yam of Germanys The Kaiser always
had a for photographs, par-
ticularly for photographs of himself, and for
the biowraph he has developed semething like
an infatuation There ta no for privi-
leges to take pietures which the biograph com-
pany has asked that he has refused He even
goes further. He is constantly sending word
to the biograph headquarters of military and
other events that are about to take place and
offering the privilege of making hlograph
photographs. At the request of the biographic
company and at an erpense to the German
Government of thousands of dollars heordered
the powerful battlestip Odin to steam at full
speed, at the same time firing all her big guna,
in order that the blograph people might photo-
graph her as she would appear in action He

has

weakness and

 

request

i also gave orders that the hingraph operator

in China should receive from Gen. Walderses
all possible facilities for his work

In Eneland the latest use to which the bio-
graph has been applied is the photographing
of groups of children at play In this way
people are acquiring and preserving pictures
of their little ones as they themselves see them
every day in all the buovancy of child life and
activity. Studioa for photographs of this k.nd
are fitted up in London, where scenes are ar-
ranged to represent domestic interiors Here
the children are turned loose, and when the
novelty of the surroundings has worn off and
the little ones begin to move about and play
naturally then the whirring biograph is started
their every movement and expression
foithfully recorded To show these or other
pictures in the home circle a small picture pro-
jecting apparatus has been arranged, which
may either give a littl parlor entertainment
or might restore to bereaved families the living
moving presences of loved ones gone from them
forever. In a short time studios of this hind
will be established in New York In England
from the royal family down, people of all
classes have adopted this method of getting
pictures of members of their family circles
One of the best pictures of this kind taken is
that of the children of the Duke of York, the
little Prince Edward, who may one day be King
of England, and his younger brother and sister
The photographs were taken in a garden scene
after the children had forgot to be unnatural
and had settled down to play in real earnest
There is also a fine biograph meture of Queen
Victoria taken in Phasnir Park, Dublin, on the

| oceasion of her recent visit to Ireland and just

at the moment when a little girl was handing |

up to her in
flowers The Queen her-eif was much pleased
with this picture and said of it that it was the
only one ever taken of her out of doors when
a sunshade was not held over her head

As may be imagined, the securing of some of
these biographie pictures involves not only a
great expense but also diplomatic skill
supplemented by strong influence Notably
wis this the case when the photocraphe of the
Pope, taken in the Vatican gardens, were ob-
tained) The representative of the biograph
company took up his abode in Rome and lived
there for months before, through Marquis
Pecci, the Pope's nephew, the privilege was
obtained. Even then his Holiness imposed
rigid conditions aa to the manner the pictures
were to be exhibited, that they must not be
produced as a part of any dramatic enter-
tainment, or, generally, in any way that would
tend to vulearize what to so many millions
of people is sacred. With the crowned heads
the diMeulties particularly of late have been
touch minimized, and even from the pune-
tilieus and very formal court of the Nether-
lands there was no. strenuous objection
made to taking biegraphie pictures of the
coronation of Queen Wilhelmina It {ts be-
lieved that the privilege of making pictures
of her wedding will be obtained with equal ease

The cost of making the pietures is a much
larger item than is generally supposed For

very

 

her carrisve a larce bunch of |

| The advantages of this electrical pen are that

instance it was sald at the headquarters of the |

bingraph company In this city that it cost over
$15.00 to photograph the Jeffries-Sharkey
prizefleht Four biographic cameras were

in use upon this oceasion, one taking up the |
} and killing his chiekens by the simple process

progress of events when the other was reaching
the end of its ribbon of photographic films
‘These films alone are a very expensive item
They cost seven and a half cents a foot and the
biograph people say that in making 110
secutive views of the fight they used up seven
and a half miles of film The manufacture of
the films is a separate industry involving a
plant that must be constructed under peculiar
ne of which is that the building

con-

conditions,

 

 

 

in which the films are made must be absolutely
dustproof. This, for one thing, means that
t must be isolated and remote from: any dust-
we iting surroundings ‘The work i N
done on marble tables and is delieate in some
f its de ‘mest bevond | ef, a for in-

   

tanee the spreading of the gelatine ennul-
ver the celluloid ribbons which are the
ground on whieh he chemicals rost The
shopte f these ribbons is 174 feet lone and
er this surfaee the preparation murt be
{to the mieroseonie fracuon of a hair's

 

Hreadt!

4 large number of

of ever jens

the miutaseope and hie-
a@reapelae dead or
latent capital for the reason that public interest
in the s is, for the time being at least
extinet This just new applies to ail of the
vast groups of pictures taken during the Span-
ish war, pietures which while out of do mand
now are none the less of great historical volue
and which at some future day will become

reels soon become so niet

hject

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

 

of arent @eneral interest ‘The eame apniier | NEW YORK'S SNAKE TRADE, ogee faratan the @ehilling heneehatd with nnone ran nem Laren Wavn
‘ }
Aitken ware ‘The Ron’ wer pete Owe -— tele SEAS test hit ncreeed iemanenn | ermuegenes eae
Hever pattiontort: ognher and ewen in Roeland, AOPTIT Re TN GROWING HOW ANH FOR win he le te f tive ene sel if Wan ~ ‘ann "
where for on tine chev natueatly had a te WTPNOR (8h te pres | prevent anid ebateornte twrven wih alae: silee | He a enya, nent fetlow Me
rene rr “ ' heneming clemetety or ie ste (ee the ' i." e f wee ave qq} cee he renilet able in the tm
tt i watimated that at the haadqnertera of Paerinaiton Abewat Snate Coltertiog Ff ttle ate fea ; 4 arite won hing foam and watched the is
se tases a sa kn te at ann ond ! fonger to Be Beaeed Selene Stodeime § ' con “| J oe a ’ nel deen ten @netate ¢ .
important Pratleme With ' male Meow om, 9 ene ‘ ‘ foopetranived @acoe wae ly ptomr
Id storage eemething lke Qi0nc worl thee bites Thete Fond and How Ther Gatti i ' ‘ + ott te tn 6 Sten ela ene fen feveatle abv
. ' ver Sa 7 ! ey the or tele erent of rive . f Panes Pi ae em ; tha ete wna nt arent
: spin e \dewragh | rine A eupply of enakes in New York wae! 1 mM | } pe cian mee ’ lar A stack relied Row
; aoe ' g's ’ na nt ainetic ff ied ’ ne ‘ . ¢ wr : 4 : ; ae r wer rom force of hab alihouw
het eh snd ale net ta tw ' ’ $ . © ' ore ; ‘ thee re fia ‘
; het sages 1) nore , amtence, Zone and chine ‘ : he ‘ ia ie ' tev! heer eho) apinning ni r
) hae need all that lremeand bh renter ; or , | The there mlat Na 1? H's |
‘ re ow . sheen that are ' ' enake maine & the t he ftve , . ‘ 1 ria} fewer Oper fenire
' " f er ‘nmonecing pf wether ! ' ‘ we ' ! Prdy there
" 0 thread of riction wa well, Naturally enough New Vork i« the enaka re Lon orn mrced oO es Theltileran apparently ane mich eniroeend
Vr re firet ne Wa of traver " market of Amertes Foren tere amcure or ting yor it a en ea ‘avd from time the pl His eves danced and ie? weed
' MINE af the t mn meture of travel ther American eoakes throngh dealers hore tine new cae {oh tieone te the me overs tur ofthe @heel acini hada tae catty
that von de erely lonk at the pleture | aig American bivere depend tnen the Se Sp 9 of the petite hi Phenomenon anes ! far bien A) lenet!) be walked away ond went
a ove i venve rhe . taken from York market, althonah oneasionalis the larwer ae ine near e es a, ; is tn at _ e;ytn thar tabie opposite corner of the
traine m tthe rate of Nity miles or more Joos will bus valuable anakes direetly through enalee but rerels that the rertiles have A! re The other came eae alen a livel, on
nh hour renroduee as perfeethy Che (ie PANG!) teal gem te The New York men whe have oO! ne att FACT IOt for " nd thet. te na aber Sealy, one of the partners in the establish
Taman ery ast pnecen ger If would \ gone into the enake trade to any great extent juev @ ‘ee aN Hal - ar a 5 Oe one's ih ment, was behind the wheel
~~ Indeed the passenger on a train is have their own authorized agenta theonehount In nite How mueh dae any ' A 1 fab
at n distinet disadvantage as compared with } this counters and in the tropleal lands where. Or ty 1 few taprengeo there wae foratime int pleasee” waked the tnt
the spectator ropt oof # DlOKTADN | Cnakew are to be found in the greatest numbers | van id of fp, Ke =" he ns | Ohwercing the fellow's appearance cingely
mort the biowraph view We | Lod varieties & voune woman whe te teach. | he we ne one een able to telland the | Neale replied One dollar te von But I
liost invariably taken from the cowetteher tine soheot in a lonely district of southern. ? ti clea : woes int recent bine merely | guaes van don'tesre te heat wa, do y
ef an engine this opening up the fib wider | Texas eupplias one New York dealer wit) all iene Non en 5 alan athe a havatraee than ther j dist then a well-dressed man who was well
of the country traversed, while the pAasen@er | nid rasan and Mexican anakes rattlers, tulle do themselves Sometimes one heare of hin | known in the place appre vwhed the table ite
gets only aside view framed ty the dimen- | nakes, copperheads, &e. Occasionally, the 1! edit Then he turns un Africa. or fete | had the reputation of hewn® an easy customer
HHona of the ear window, There is in fact ne denlere receive letters from individuals threugh- ic : ' nt wale Sune i al Cea an | and Nealy greeted him affatts
ete tin the ploteeraphy of mnetior rs re strike | out the country offering rare snakes or privete rounded iy them ood ft. fearless of them "Minke wav for plavere” he «aid addressing |
ing than toe views talen from the front ofa collectiona of anakes Another source of sup- as it ther were rabbits 3 We tudied "hy anal Pe hisremarks principally tothe unkempt stranger
eviftly fying locomotive, reproducing With | icin the merchant ships running between | teltcniAn faMeeenrane Ub ainnd the Philesaen The well-dressed man bought five stacks

absolute perfection of detail as it does net
the track streanirg beneath the eraine
yieo the landscare rapidly swimming ty

either side and the approach of distant ob-
So far as mere seeing the country

only

bet

   

 

ects ahead
is concerned the person who aat in front of a
biegraph showing the landscape from New

York to San Francisco wonld be vast! ahead
of the passenger who actually made the journeys
ina Puliman ear

Tt would be voted a dull biegraph entertaing-
ment by many people unless there were a little
fun mingled with the historical events and

aeenes of travel, Indeed, the supply of this fun
involves a very elaborate equipment and very
wreat expense on the part of the biograph com-
pany Up oon the rect of sal Broadway the
company bas a genuine but vers pec liar little
is ne in order to get mood
io sun should strike the object

sSary

 

theatre = ft
picturea that t
in the proper way and te accomplish this the

stase of the biograph theatre travels on a ciretes

Jar railroad and is made to follow the moves |
ust as an astronomical tele
scope follows by clock work mechanism
movement of the earth with reference to the
inder There are a stage
stage carpent 4 property man
if eie)t assistants regularly employed

ment of the sun

the

planet inspection

A

 

manager

ind seven

 

abou is revolving roof theatre and the come
pany has also aj aywright who evolves and
outlines the little farces that are afterward re

hearsed and then acted and photographed for
reproduetion. And it is not to be considered
Tom, Dick or Harry is chosen to do
the acting. On the contrary, all the actors and
actresses eraploved are professionals taken
from the be«t companies in the city at the time
and they play their biograph perts with as
much thoroughness and conscientiousness as
they would before a crowded house in the best
theatre in the city

SHEEP FED BY

that any

 

ELECTRICITY,

 

An Up-to-Date Invention for Farmers Now on
Trial in Michigan.

A man named McNair has devised a system
of pasturing sheep by electricity and experi-
ments are being made with it at the Agricul
tural Experiment Station of Michigan at Lan-
sing. In recent years nearly every town of
any size has been provided with an electric
generating plant and trequently the wires are
strung along country roads from town to town.
This fact led Mr. MeNair to attempt the use
of electricity on the farm. For sheep feeding
he devised a curious pen some fifteen feet
square, built of wire and mounted on broad,
fat wheels. This pen is designed to run in any
pasture, even though it be hilly. Wires con-
nect it with a smal] motor stationed atone side
of the pasture, this in turn, being connected
with the electric wires from which power is
derived. Aturnofa button and the pensiowly
creeps across the fleld. ‘That is the essence of
the invention.

Two lambs and part of the time an old
ewe have been pastured in the pen during the
stimmer at the station at Lansing. The field
is planted with licerne, growing thick and
heavy The pen is so arranged that it crawls
the tull length of the pasture in one month,
travelling about two feet an hour: at the end
to this time at is switched around and travels
hack again. As it moves the sheep eat every
hit of the fodder, eagerly cropping next the
forward side of the pen as it runs over hew
ground. A bit of canvas duck is hung over
one corner of the pen so that the sheep may
be well sheltered and, curious as it may seen,
they have become so accustomed to the move
ing of the pen that when thes lie down to sleep
they snuggle up close to the forward end of
the pen so thar they maw lie as long as possible |
without being disturned by the rear end of |
the pen as it creeps toward thein

Wher lucerne that
has been eronped vu gain
and by the time the pen has made its monthly
cireuit the pasture is again in good condition

 

the pen has passed, Ue

the sheep wrows tp :

 

the sheep are kept from running over, half-
eating and trampling down a large amount of
pasture, and it keeps the sheep quiet, so that

they take on flesh rapidly

But it has its disadvantages—the sheep must
have water carried to them daily—and the
electricity is somewhat expensive Still the

experiment thus far has showed striking re
sults, One wonders what the inventor will do
next. Already he has produced a mechanism
by means of which the farmer, on arising in the
morning, may push a button at his bedside
and feed all his horses, there being an electrical
connection with the barn so arranged that
when the button is pushed a certain quantity {
of oats is let down into each feeding box
Another man pretends to have invented a
method of killing weeds by electricity, and !
there are also devices for oper ting ploughs by
electricity, this latter invention being only a
modification of the steam ploughing system
tried in the West) With his house Ughted with |
electricity, an electric railroad running past
his door and a telephone connection with the
nearest town, to say nothing of the connection
with his barn, the stmetly modern farmer may,
if he choose, farm larcely by electricity. This
suggests the humorous view of the farmer of
the next century sitting calmly in his parlor,

dressed in hix Sunday clothes, smoking a cigar
and conducting his planting, feeding his pies

IAEA

of pushing buttons

 

From the Macon News

Mr Jolin Cooper, one of Dooly county's
most prominent citizens, isin the eity on bis way
to Augusta to attend the old veterans’ reunion
When he got off the train he looked up Capt
Varren Moseley, one of the bravest of the bovs
who went out in the @s and they immediately |
hesan eWwanping reminiscences about their)
army life in Virginia Finally Mr Cooperasied |
Capt) Moseley if he remembered the Yankee !
hat ( reporter who was standing there heard
the following sterv, whieh both men vouch for

|
The Story of a Hoodoo Hat. |
|
'

     

   

 

 

 

  

as beune elotely trae

On firat dav of the Pattle of Winchester,
a Yank was killed so near the line of batue |
that fier byt! vrpaof MelLendon, Com-

   

 

     

 

panv [, Fourth Ge rete, Pioked pthe hat and
putitenand wore it {fe badnet haditon bis |
head 1 more than twe heure when he was |
shot through the head, the bullet piercing the
Tanalmeost thessme hele thatthe bullet had
‘ ered that kitted ihe Yaukee
Another soldier t e name of Wooten of
Company Ho Fourth "Georgia, pieked up the
| batand putitonand inijess than an hour he,
' das killed, the bullet striking him ins the
bead neartie plioe where the other two bullets
hac en ere
The pest day another solever by the name of

Kilpacrick of Company H, Fourth Georgia, wae
wearing the tia
head and kille

Although the hat was a fine one it was left
Iving on the fleid, as there was no one who would
wear it, as four men who had worn it were then
cold and stiff, and each one had theen jehor ;
Uirough the hat in almost the same,place/ ‘|

 

   

t when he, too, Was struck in the

 

' peacefully,

‘ every instance where a snake charmer has been | (4

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Then he moved on southward | When these were gone he purchased five more

ust what part of the globe

in one sumer
And taonet

New York and East Indian or other tropical

 
   

vort § . ments weil Hle was uiniueky and after dropping ©°0 quit
ports. The captains pick up consianmen he and his akes are wandering now : i tak es _ 7 : a
of snakes from the natives and bring them Copperheads are the only kind ef poison l guess > ake a stack,” an \e stranger,
over, as they bring monkeys and othertropical | snake very common in this neivhborhoed. | handing Nealy < well-worn, crumbled dollar
creatures, on the chance of disposing of them thoueh an oecasional rettler is found alon® | bill “Give me the blue colored ones, pal, thes

the Palisades A workman near the quarries |
| captured one, not long sae, and brongbt it to
town for sale, but he knew nothing about hand-
ling anakes, and in getting the rattler out of |
the baw he was bitten by if Pennsyivanin is
A great hunting round for rettlers anc other |
snakes, and Florida and the Far West furpish
the New York dealers with much of their native
eapply Boa constrictors come up from Brazil

are jucks 1 had a ete] with blue eves once
She wasa good gal and incky tome
Hm,” muttered Nealy with a grow) The
idea of having to turn the wheel for thie man
was apparently distasteful to hirn
Thestranger, inthe vernacularof the gambler,
hewan to pike, that is, he made small bets plac-
ing one chip on the board at a time. He in-

here. Arrived in port, they send word tothe
snake dealers, who go to the ships, look the
snakes over and buy whatever they may hap-
pen (o want

A ship from Singapore, docked oniy a week |
or two ago, brought a large consignment of |

 

 
 
 
 
 

pythons, which were sold immediately at a pythons are chiefly from Singapore | From tina boronsia a of fcc. ’ ; fit’ whieh

1 Ps ) t )

fair profit, and recently one snake dealer | India core innumerable varieties f hritientty eave hha io | for his money Gradually
t ' : «er 4 t aluahb vit ’ ' 2 . .

bought from a trader at one time eighty large erase au oa and Bion ra ti lowhuke tere | the players dropped out and Nealy and the

: : : | stranger were left to themselves, The mar

  

pythons, whieh reduced the small back room
of the shop to a very fair imitation of a Doré
illustration of the Inferno. ‘The inside of that
litle room, by candle light, was calenlated to
shake the nerves of the ordinary mortal, with
iis inh ist the serpent, but the
his inherited distrust of the serp t terest in bacteriology has created a new market
men of the shop walked cheerfully about, step- for poisonous snakes: and, nest to the great
ping over the huge slimy coils and pushing the | Zoos, medical societies and in ividual doctors | «fin goj to clone this game and can't afford
snakes aside, with no more ceremony than if | qne ghemiste ae She areata shot icereny | to atand here turning this ‘ png for you Hi
ie Ne o 0 1 . ‘ ‘ t ve q"
they had been so much rope of Cambridge more than 200 poisonous snakes night. oleddctr es evidently good natured
After the first instinctive repulsion is con- | A ese pare an in the city | nipaett 8 | for he never made a reply. He continued his
t ly noted bacteriologist has supplied the U nivers- : : oe x
quered, it ts astonishing how swiftly enake | OC) Hidelherg with 4% poison snakes of riking tacttos until Nealy was wild with rage
handlers become accustomed to the business, |
and how readily familiarity breeds contempt. |

Americanspecios, Morethan dom snakes have aren. without any ado Nealy refused to spin
| 4 : ne ball, At this iuncture the man spoke up
peen forwarded to bp Rea Alles og “Now young feller,” he said with a touch of
» » . ) a ie ~~ » @ ouse here to be us re NTL @) bb] . . Ww ¢ i od er

A vertain degree of care is always necessary | Baris sakes large quantities of our snakes, and bi 2 ig tg? s Wa hae
in handling a poisonous srake, but that care qudants in ourown country are experiinenting ambling before you were born and you can't
6 Sern ee ee eee | PY Core pareaan who has probably Rilldone me, see? I'll take my timeand won't
of hurting or angering the reptiles: and, when j carried the study of snake toxine further than

correct andeareful methodsof handling become | ary other man in New York, and whese experi-

stop until I wet good and ready, seeX. He
raised hia voice and soon attracted the other
second nature to the anake dealer, he is ap- | ments have attracted wreat interest in the
parently as reckless in his treatment of the | World of science, knows as much about Atenas

does not necessarily mean death. but there is no
known antidote for the bite of a cobra. and its
venom has heen the ‘ect of most interesting
exneriments in the eclertifie warld

Tt ia in connection with this subject of scien-
tifle research that the snake trade has had such
a boom within recent vears. The growing in-

kepr on piking until he was down to his last
chip) He bought another stack and lost it
He bought another and it soon reverted to the
house. Then, to Nealy'’s disguat, and discom-
fiture he began playing with some loore change,
principally in cents. He was eo slow and slip-
shod that Nealy’s patience was soon taxed
“Say, hurrs up end don't be keeping me
here all night,” he said rather thresteningls

 
  

layers who turned to see what it was all about
Nealy wee het uneet me collar ond be anger
cats Nine ; > | was only cooled when the stranger asked:
snakes as he would be if he were managing | fas horn with finperturhable coonulte chiang “What's the limit.in this ranch, anyway?”
j it “You ean go as far as you) like, Pittabure

  

giuineapigs. As for the non-poisonous snakes, “There is |.ttle or no danger, if one exerci Ses | pyi) was Nealy's sarcastic retort
they receive not an atom of respect. The | angie’? Wa ceaks ta aot hessad to a Sex res | Then the atranger put his hand down into his
pe - pocket and pulled out a wad of greenhacks

dealer runs his hand into a big box fullof py- | able fear of serpents. It ix childish and un-
warranted, but it seemsto be instinctive, Even
animals have the same fear and will slink out of
the wav of evenasmall snake. Like every one
else, Lhadtoovercome that fear at the outset,
but now Lhav n'tevena trace of the feeling and
my children are all as unconcerned as I in re-

which made Nealy's eyes bulge.
a crisp $100-bi]l he said

“Give me ten stacks, please and $0 change.”

Much nettled Nealy spun the wheel. Soon
the stranger's chips disappeared and he in-
vested another ten. He lost bis hundred in a
short time and going into his pocket again
pulled out another $100 bill.

*Twenty dollars on the black!” he said.

The bal] droped into the black and the stranger
doubled the ber. He won again and after three
turns he had his first $100 back and was now
$40 to the good

thons and boa constrictors, wakens one and | Extracting
pulls ft out, holds it up by the middle to show |
itelength, drops itonthe floor asif it were alow
of wood, and pulls out another apecimen. If
the visitor is a novice, he looka unhappy and gard to snakes, | carry on my experiments
keeps an eye on the door, ig a it a tae Academy of Medicine: but from sme, to
never enters the dealer's mind that any ra- | time I've had collections of snakes on the top
ti ; i bet po ld dislike the unrestricted | floor of my own house, and even my smallest

onal being ‘ ’ hoy would go among them and play with
society of a fifteen-foot python or object to; th m. of course 1 pever allow the children to

| touch a poison snake without my assistance 10 eee 5 °

holding an armful of amiable and {ngratiating | a ace ident miant occur; bit Paid want Twenty dollars on the Brush system,” yelled
kingsnakes. them to cultivate a rational attitude toward , {he stranger exult ney. This system, takes

The kingsnake is the angel boy of the snake | the creatures and lose a | fear of them, ; | SO ee Ree ak i. Ot > Pee It
tribe. He carries good nature and Christlan “My attention was called to the subject or | “EO rtGen flat and the bah : HN y

¢ int of absurdi Te | &hake venom by somethin that] read in one of | his oUF d mi ed red,” sald Nealy as

forbearance to the point of absurdity. We | iy children’s books to the effect that certain | NS Laws eb i, cba t {ps."
can’t he made to bite. His temper cannot ! arimals were immune from snake bite The vive me $70 In cash and $5 fn chips,” sald

 

 

the stranger

be ruffed. If his cheeks were not {nextricably ' thing Interested me, so lL imported a hedgehog | ‘After this the atranger’s luck was remarkable
mixed up with hits forehead and nose, he would and thea, artes out ne i Sones cence He scarcely lost abet and madethe partners and
turn the other cheek to any sort of blow. He's | been to obtain the hedgehog. No dealers ppcrere co the game ppen, Epeir bank coms,
an affectionate creature, too, is the king enake, iandled them. Only the pythons and big PD 5 dartinelag n be 08 Seueee

That waeaix Proceeding in. this

armless enakes were to be had,
Foon

and the snake charmers find him a real joy and Now there are numbers of dealers

years ago. attracted the other gamblers, and the

comfort. In fact, as a SUN reporter gleaned | who handle snakes in lerge ouantities, and itis [ttle man had quite a crowd watching him.
from a voluminous voung woman who was | possible to buy right here In the city almost any After winning about $s00 the house called a

ison snake one wants. The scientifiedemand halt and concluded that it was time to close
buying a boa constrictor and a few small anaes ri. had a great deal to do with developing that p, Smouge it was quite early in the night.

stranger had broken the bank.
“Well, youngster,” remarked the little man
{ buttoning up his coat, and tered to Nealy,

ina downtown snake shop, no family can really
rock along comfortably and happily without
a king snake

“They don't make as good a show as the

u
branch of thesnaketrade. Thesnake charmers | T
and fanciers don't, asarule, want poison snakes.

We want nothing else

“You. see bacteriology, is the
medical science to-day, and br the comparison
of shake pcison with other toxines we arrive at

tt who was the picture of a conquered fool, “you
reat thing in | won't try to bulldoze me again, will you? If
1 was the boss of this joint, why I'd fire you in

wtlons ons,” sal y ‘omen, as, Feviy' !

- — i nde ‘d a ‘an neitho i> | some interesting results. ‘There has been very @ Jiffy. You're a bum dealer and my little

with her blonde head on one side, she critically | ittle minute study of the effects of toxined upon boy can give you cards and spades. Well,

eyed a wriggling reptile, “hut they're easy to! the nervous system and the cireulation, and that thd sere yes pow, gentlemen. So, goo
y tudy isofabsorbing interest. Itisn't that weare ht an easant dreame.

live with and you ean let them run around | stuc 3 Win © Claeekaet Gn ke cients treme hs

merely trying to find antidotes for enake bites |
We want to analyze snake toxines, study their |
effects on the buran organism, compare the
poisons and their effects with the toxines gen-

over vou without thinking of them at all *
According to the same authority, Brarilian
boas are much worn in our best snakeecharming

lace and when last seen was going up Park
ow smoking a cigar.

 

 

. . ' » erated by the bacilli of various diseases, and so . "
circles. Thev are more conspicuoualy marked | get around to the antidotes or cures for those THE DIVINING ROD MYSTERY.
than the pythons and quite as harmless | disenaes

An English Professor's Explanation After Care-
fal Inquiry.

From the Baltimore Sun.

“The toxines produced by bacilli varies. The
composition of snake poison fa constant—that
{s, the poison of all snakes of the eame species
is the same in composition, consecuently It is

better for pur oses of sciortifie experiment than The second ins™llment of an elaborate re-
toxinesof bacilli. I take this @lass cup fastened

toa tube and bulb, 1 held the anake by the port by Prof. W. F. Barrett on the “so-called
strietor may be bought for $20, but a python | throat and make it bite pon the opposite edges divining rod" has just made ite appearance,
of the same size fs worth double that amount, | of the little glass cup Fhe venom drens into Prof. Barrett isa member of the Royal Society,
and the Jarger pythons min in valine up to $200, ne and ine tate coaanatene’ aoe one oceuples the chair of experimental physics
The 2-foot python in the Bronx Zoo is the | “Gfeourae, aon eof the ex} erimenting ie done in the Royni College of Science for Ireland at
larwest in this country. The largest anaconda | upon amen inimals, at it te done under ine Dublin and haa taken an active part in the work
ever brought to New York has just been re- | AUSDice# and protection of medical societies, ANC of the Society for Peychical Research

celved by a snake dealer in the eity and will | Ame fod aa it 1 oe Sarees So Seen Serene t Taree " vour yeare age en of Barrett under.
probably go toa Western city enokes in captivity on what they have always ook A thorough investigation of the subject,

’ at o killed and eaten in their free state. Jt is hard
A diamond-hacked rattlesnake on the smaller animals to be eaten, but it is lew,

Neither anake is polsonous, and if well fed
neither will exercise its power of conatriction.
Snake charmers take excellent care of their
enikes, which sometimes represent a consid-
erable investrnent. An ordinary boa = con-

{s worth warding the uee of a forked twig for the dis-

abont #1 and other snakes wary in sabie ae- | Shdthemakehaasanuconarttsh esidtetne Sa°eh ecehing Mey Meet ne helt
cording to their rarity, The Marey garter | protection of humane societies ns the rabbit or he cealsile and planning experiments of his
enake found in the mountains of California | TouUse or JPoy- Very remarkable discoveries | own ‘The firet part of his report, which came

in the fleld of chemistry and medicine have
already been made through this study of snake
venom, and stil! greater discoveries may be

| undoubtedly, wiil he made 17 Le interes! in the

out in 1898, cited 182 cases The second four-
nishes many more, some of them having been
conducted under Prof Barrett's own super-
, vision A third installment is promised ond
will deal largely with the hunt for metals with
the divining rod
! In descrmbing the oreration of “dowsing.”
thie use of the forked witeh hazel (wig is
ocally called in England, Prof Barrett save

and the golden tree snake of Trinidad are
among the rarest and New York dealers are
se e cure the or the trade. ‘ 1

eldom able to secu h m for the trade eutiiaet 1a kaon And wid arcana

Afier the man or woman ones gets teed The question ef snake feeding, upon which
to the iden of baving snakes at close quarters | the doctor touched lightly, has been a vexed
the ordinary snake charmer’s profession is one buinane societies have objected to feead- | e

| ing snakes on live birds and animals, and the |

as safe and tranquil as conld be desired. When | gnakes have as strenuously objected to touch- that the operator usually holds the ¥ by the

the charmer handles poison snakes, the ele- | ing food that had been killed” After a snake | prongs, ao that the stem projecte in front of

ment of danger enters into the performance, has been long incaptivits itmay possibly learn | fin, and inclines upward’ eligbtly. When

to cat dead food, but it never likes it, and some | ¢he dowser panacea o «pot where water is st

and yet, even here, fearlessness and a certain | enakee can never be induced to touch it, save vored to exist the tule rises to a vertical roale

skill in the manual part of the handling will | by force. A python prefers indolent'y starv= | tion. striking him on the breast. The doweer

insure comparative secnrity. The men who | sie, Sp Coase Fo ating my edgy Spl glen Ae ne hituself often appears exhaueted by hie effert

1 af 0 é wn i i ) yp \s . ’

know most about the subject agree that, while | (hs Brone Yoo are kept_alive is hy. the proc- ana eats tes Ba neyed vy "o.

in tropieal countries snakes are sometimes | ess known in the snalo trade as stuffing. ao marked tn instances that ey dlacarde fe
iE ke . 2 "ive tt Mts enter ° cnge Aes, : <a é

aggressive, in this climate no snake will attack | Foor a Mth tion eho erithon | SNM aiumethen and ie euided his cence:

 

' aj rie y im : During the orernt the
a human being unless hurt or violently | vainly. Another attendant opens the snake's | fixes lis attention Op the tin of the (nig nde.
angered. Its natural impulse is to escape | jaws ind shoves the snolke's rations down its | gone: oblivions to the world around him

t the 6 e h unwilling throat, poking the dinner far enough
and th nake handler who has dows so that the snake will not be able to dis- |

a gentle touch and knows how to handle asnake | gorge ii. So the creature is kept living and
without hurting it is in no danger. save in | the privilege 7 Gignified suicide - Ra to,
. " » ’ 7. ’ ; it t it is all in the interests of humanity,
case of some unexpected accident. In almost | Probably the python considers that the S. P
makes invidious distinetions
hitten by one of his poison enakes the catas-/ 9 Some of the other snakes have to be stuffed, |
trophe has been due to a shock, slip or other » but siost of the smaller ones come around to |
accident which has caused him, involuntarily, | a point where they will accept a dead suarrow
to hurt the snake seriously or mouse disdainfully, but with a degree of
There is a tradition, dating doubtless from | resignation, Snnkes are capricious in. their
Piblical tines, that women are fonder of snakes | appetites and often long eaperioent is neces.
than men are and can handle them morerendily, sary before anything ix found which will tempt
but the snake dealers laugh at the notion. them, The python dines on mibbit and pig-
The reason there are more women snake charm- eon, in default of gacclles, whi lit really pre-

Triinent people as well -# these who are
not consplouous in public life in England em-
lov dowsers, Prof Barrett includes Porda
‘alisbury and Lansdowne anong their patrons.
There are scores of professional doweers in
* | the United Kingdom, to say nothing «! Con-
tinental Furope, the United States and Can-
ada Armateurs also practise the art In
his first report Prof. Barrett pronounced fairly
| suecessful 140 of the 180 attempte recorded
Rejecting the experiments of amateurs, he
gets ninety-five successful results out of 105
cases. In the second report he finds the pro-
| pertion about the same, bet he admits that
dowsers may not report their failures so fully
and frankly as their hits. Still he does no!

 

 

ers than men is, they say, that the crowd gets fers, but which an economical Zoo mannge- se : ; ;

more nervous thrills at the sight of a woman ment denies to it, The rattlers dote upon | Seat of eae alten more than 10 to 15 per
wrapped round with snakes than at the sight | miceand birds. Yourrattleris the best mouser |“ pPwe gets of at rimeata have b :
of a man in the same position, and so wise in the world, and if it weren't for absurd but | with a view to ff rv Hf ave heen tried
managers whose business it is to firnish the , universal public prejudice would supplant the | the phenon.enon a oe he genuinences of
public with thrills. preter employing women domestic cat e tikes birds, too So a thin? CUR ¢ ™ : See second or third
snake charmers, On the other hand, most of | many of the snakes, and the keepers recon- aken over the same ground as

the firet, and the results of their divination
| were identical and successful Some of the
leading spirits in the Society for Psychical
Research held that when the ordinary senses
are lulled to inactivity by sleep, natural or
hypnotic, a few persons of a pecniiar organi-
zation exhibit a power of perception and a
eneceptibility to influence which is unlike that
experienced by other people or by the same
| people under other circumstances | Prof Par-
re t regards this possession of a “supernorma!”

faculty the most sotisfactory theory reeard-
ling the diseovery of water with a witch hazel

cile indulgence and conscience by offering
up only English sparrows, which presumably
deserve no better fate. (iarter snakes are |
like the unhappy lite girl who knew that

private collections of snakes and are absorb- | Giod hated her and decided to go into the ger-

ingly interested in them, and the wives of | den and eat worms. King snakes disdain |
many of the snake dealers are even more fenr- | anything in the line of diet save smaller snakes |
jess in hand! ng reptiles than the men of the | and that being a benutiful exam) le of retribu- |
establishment are Mrs Schilling, whose tive justice even the S PC. A. could offer no
husband is one of the best-known snake mien ; oblections, COcensionally a self-confident and
of the city, lias 9 genuine liking for the creatures | overniibitious king snake doesn't restrict its
that her husband regards only from a coms | fancy to a snake smaller than itself, and is
meroia! point of view, and seriousiy laments | taught the princip! f cubic measure through

ths snake charmers who handle poisonous
snakes are men.

Sometimes * woman will have a mania for
snakes. A numberof womenin New York have

the fact that, just as she gets acquainted with | mochan@uishand pain, j twig He thinks that the successful operator
a new lot of snakes, some one comes along Snakes prefer eating at niglt) Many dealers ; i" eelf-hypnotized by fixing his attention on
and buys them. The ship capteins know | how to this preferenee and feed the snabes | the twie He save: “This subconscious per-
her tastes, and when they bringin a cons) tr. | in the evening The also give the creatires | ceptive power, commonly called ‘elairvovarece,’

poor snakes sre | MAS provisionally be taken os the explanation
their fe od de id, | Of those successes of the dowser which are in-

me Often ther @Xplicable on any grounds at present known
until dusk falls Then, wher to science

nont of snakes hand over the fines: te ter | live food bet at the Zoo the
With a longhing “There's a new friend tor you." | not only ferced to take

Onetiewatersne eis Mrs Scbilling’sespecial | Lot naually eet it in the day
favorite, and, in spite of excellent cflers, ele | will mot touch it

 

 

   

absolutely preuene to per with 4 foe an, the crowd is turned ont, and the doors are closed a
rick ft out from 2 handred of its kind without | and the keepers put on their overcont d Resigned Because
A moment's hesitation; and while a snake's | turn their faces FR and i reptile the Deacon Slept.

iitelligence and affection are doubtful quanti- | house is full of shadows, the mottled evils that From the Philadelphia Reeard

  
 

= oy et Heese sae er eee 's have lain slugeiehly quiet all day begin to | S#APON, Pa. Norv 20, The Rev. W. C. Jones,
‘ acd is tamer with her than with any | writhe and unfold Plat heads are raised and | pastor of the First Congregational C

one She has a fashion of carrying it | forked tongues quiver There is no mois | eity, has restened, alle in = t! atae teat tee
tucked inside her coat when she goes ovt to | save the esnaris or cries that come faintly | : Se anes Gn Toe Teneen that S010

do her marieting, and at first it rather sheek | from the other houses where wild animals | members of his chureh slept during the services. He
the nerves of the butcher to have a wicked | are dreaming of the juncles, but the snakes are; charges Deacon Jehn S, Willams with sleeping
eo one Soren oe a, em and a forked awake and srewn the Hittve tree anakes tothe crent | fiftert outof the last sixteen Sundaya.
o weg 4 n y ome yythe they strete ’ : °
“Now he does not mind him at all,” says a polesteonty ornibing ond eters ane Jast Sunday the Rev. Mr. Jones detected Mr.
Mrs Schilling, cheerfully; but the chances | cages, aa they crept and erawled through | “IAMS Dapping while he was preaching. The
pastor at once cut Nis sermon short and iamissed

are that that butcher is an intimidated man | forest and marsh and rock }
and that he would never have the moral coure § higlts were free one Wie When Car bis congregetion. He then hanced in his resignatiog,

lon the Thorsday

collecting all the stories he could obtain re- |

SSSR + ED

MISS SMITH

ay Weimesr oF

 

CHAPERON,

ir PRINt PANS

Parr foornmiet Came
We Gite « @earch for a Co aperon Clrenm
siemeere Ded Thm te tite Widow of 6 Maren

 

ter trecercred Pepotartin at Loneercea
Were Whee Soh « Saeptetone Awakencd
thr the ‘ tu the Yate]
‘ greet « ' he {
ew ' ‘ erta ' '
" fh the ord ‘
me ' elas Me Kr lenaerne '
has kept a select boarding
howe frog Rirondway Mir ¢ er
Aiba fetreetar h nd ow vonnae tne
whe ma ‘ ea M fanith, becatee M
Albeo pe ft febe went keep her present
renee ery re and therefore it lent Werh
while ¢ ne Mice Simith wae recently
wrecdanted fr Ml Plank finikthing school
fer ner he ind she ta fond enoweh of
fevothal he Albony tealoue of the gene
Qiivaiiy Driasteeed aetde t own prejudices, haw.
ever, and eorl nthe week invited Mise Senit
te @o te Princeton wit ' i see hie codege
aul t lowe ! phiipation of this event he
had, by strance devices known only to the
nitiated, secured tweet the best seats Mr
Brith, the father tad not entered his caleuli.
tion tee he happened to be oun besten
wile . vehter was visiting in New York
‘ Sprit answer conveved the infor.
tion that he woud be denughted to accert
Mr Albans '’s invitation if her father, to whom
i she had written, apy vew! Mr Albany called

ight before the game, Cone

fident that Mr Srith weuld net disapprove,
{ and Miss Smith showed bim this telegram:
| Glad to have vou go to game, but ine
sist on chaperon Would suggest Albany 4
Rister FATHER.
My sister’ said Albany. “Why, she couldn't

! be persuaded to go toa football game s
rerhag ~ in the circumstances, she might,

 

Suggested Miss Srith
\ No, it's no use ashing her. She does not
j approve of the game, and T know that she

| bas another engeeerent on Saturday.”
| Lam seo sorry, for | did want to go
Albany studied the telegram again and askeds

| A chaperon is compulsory, you think?”

1 bnew

Well, then, |T have a let of relatives here
lin town, women, and if sou don't mind not

 

| knowlna the ehaperon beforehand TH wet one

Miss Smith was sere he would find some one
and she told him she would expect him to call
l for heron Saturdoy morning with a chaperon,

any old ch sro un facet, and Albany went out
i tolook one up He dropped in at the Princeton
| Club and put up his two good seats for sale
selecting for his own party three seats which
| were not se good Thev were the best three
| seats to be obtained together, however, and he
hadtotake them. Then he sat down and made
out a list of his female relatives, putting the
most attractive ones first An aunt in Brooklyn
1} ktood No 1 on the list. She was really very
attractive and Albany remembered, with a
| twinge of conscience, that he had not called on
her for nearly a year He thought she would
enjoy a trip to Princeton and over he went to
invite her

This aunt told him that she loved bim just
as much as ever but that nothing would tempt
her to go clear to Princeton to see a lot of young
‘men in the last stages of acute muscular de-
velopment pound and mani one another around
the feld That was final, and promising to call
again soon Albany went to invite a married
cousin to act as chaperon. She !iad an engage-
ment So had another cousin and his old friend

Hopkins’ wife was ill) Late on Friday after-
\ noon Albany found that he had asked every

married woman of his acquaintance to act as
chaperon and not one of them could accept.
Hie {iad his three seats and Miss Smith was to
be ready on Saturday morning

Tt looked very much as if he would have te
call the engagement off, when he happened to
recall Mrs. Kugtomeyer For two years while
he was at the law school he boarded at Mrs
Kuglemeyer’s select boarding house. She was
a nent-looking, middle-aged German woman
who had amused hirn by her oceasional assertion
that her late lamented husband would have
inherited the title of Baron had he lived six
months longer. Mrs Kuglemeyer's appear-
ance when dressed for the street was good and
Albany had alwavs treated her so respecte
fully and paid his bille so promptly that he
was sure that she would willinely do him a
favor. The suggestion of Mrs Kuelemeyer aa
a chaperon for Miss Smith seemed humorous
at first. It was the only available solution of
the problem and he determined to risk it. Mrs.
Kuglemever was glad to see him and when he
stated his errand she broke into German in her
excitement

“Won't you please, Mrs. Kuglemeyer?” asked
Albany.

“Vell, vell, whoefer expected me, Mrs. Kugle-
meyer, to be a chaperon! Oh, | vish August
could haf lived to dis dav alreatty, How he
would Jofed to see me at dose games”

“Then vou will come?” asked Albany.

“Sure, sure "

“and, by the way, Mrs, Kugiemever, Misa
= has certain prejudices ahout boarding.

ouse keepera, because she has never met any
one of them as nice as you are”

“Nein, nein, dot is right,” sald Mra. Kugle-

meyer I
“Bo tf you don't mind I will simply intreduce
' you as the widow of the late Baron Aucust
uglemever, and we will say nothing about
the boarding house "
“Vell, Just as vou say,” and so it was fired
Albany sent a note to Miss Smith to tell her
} that he would call for her with the widow of

   
  

 

| aron Kuglemever, of whem she had heard

and who had graciously consented to act as
chaperon

“Mra Kuglemeyer,” he wrote, “is a woman
without fues or feathers I have verv fre-
quently been entertained at her house, and Tam
anxious to repay her many favors in part
rather think you will like her “

Aloany felt the! there was no reason why Mise
Smith should dislike Mrs Kuelemeyer, because
he was a good woman and really not bad to
[ook upon when she was dressed up. Moreover,
so long as Miss Smith and he got started for
Princeton he would he contente Mrs huele-
mever could not restrain her admiration of Miss
Smith, and Miss Smith took the first opportunity
to say to Alban

“bid you sa her husband was a Baron?”

“Wher, vou must recall him He was Baron
August Kuglervever,” and Albany kept the aus-
picion that Ai gust bad run a prosperous barber
shop to himself

Mrs Kuglemeyer kept her eves open and
her mouth closed most of the way to Princeton,
Her oceatonal contributions to the conver.
sation were variations of thissent nce, “My dear
! Mise Se! midt, I must vatch out so's you don'a
flirt mit Mr. Albany alreatty an’ don't forget
your fadder.”

When Mrs Kuglemever firet sprung this
sentiinent Miss Smith's embarrassment w
reatand Albany feared exposure He pulle
iimself! together and in an undertone said that
Mrs Kuglermever hed a free and easy German

manner whieh didn't mean anything, With
repetition Mre  Kuglemever’s warning lost
its foree As Albany piloted his party up on

the gents he heard a familiar voice call out

‘ Hero. Albany, and there's good old Kug or

malar’

The voice belonged to Sands who was just
fresh enough to come up and give the chap.
eron Away

“Who is good old Kug?” asked Miss Smith

“Kug, Kug, why, of course,” said Albany,
“Kug was a famous centre rush here yeare

jago There he is away over on the fleld.”
“And wasn't that Mr Sands with whom you
roomed while in the law echool?”
"Yes that's Sands, little grains of sands, as
| 1e was called If you will excuse me a second

  

 

‘lL eo down and speak to him
Miss Smith saw Albany talking earnestly
with Sands for two minutes and then Sands
laughed until he cried She is still wondering
{ what the joke was, because Albany seldorn
| tells a funny story Sands_ returned with
| Albany and after ‘greeting Miss Smith he
shook hands warmly with Mre Kuclemever
“Did the Baron plav footbell’” he asked
“Nein, nein.” exclaimed Mrs. Kuelemeyer,
“Only bowlings und shootings Dot's all.
H_ saysonce dot he hated football because dose
plavers never had a haircut ”
Albany ond Sands laughed loudly at thia re
mark, though Miss Smith could net see any joke
in it) Dorling the afternoon half a dozen men

 

j came up to greet Albany and each in turn ine

sisted on being presented to the widow of Baron
Kuglemever very. man said that Sande
had sent him up Enach alleged that he was
an old friend of the Baron's and when one of
them asserted that from his own experience
he knew that the Baron had wielded the best
blade in New York Miss Smith did not see
the vicious kick Albany gave the man She
assumed that the Baron had been inthe army.

Mrs Kuwglemeyer couldn't understand foote
ball and Mise Smith conld not understand the
hilarity of the men who came up to meet her
and Mrs Kuglemever = Albany felt as if he
were treading on the traditional volcano and
when the varne wae over none of the party
felt that the afternoon iad been a great gs@
cess As they moved off the grounda A Voice
that sounded suspiciously like Sands’s shouted:
“Three cheers for the memory of Baron
Kuglemeyer, whose hand was steady and whoss
biade was keen!

The choers were given and Mrs Kuglemeree
emiled broadly

 

 

 

Sonu August's old customers,” she said,

“What's that?” asked Miss Srnitl

She means «students, sid Albany. “The
Baron eave a course of lectures on military

science here, vou know

As they left’ Miss Srmnith at her house that
night Mrs Kuglemeyer sud iy
uiedon't jike veur ream here come

ofer tony heuse 1 vill
und good board cheap

Miss Smith made ae reply, but she seemed to
he thinking deeply VIbanw took Mrs Kuglee
mnever home and now she is wondering Whether
Miss Sinith's Suspicions of the chereron were
aroused and if net how lone it will be b
Sands or one of his friends tells her about the
chaperon and, lastiv, when she does know will
ehe think that the end Justified the means
Albany turned up at the Princeton Club laat
aight apd his a stion Was

“By the way, what was (ue score of that gama,
anyway"

rife vou a nice room