ji

eS LES

i

eee

Goet

we

nt St

i cee ap te

er

 
    

CAN'T GO ANEAD IN PEKIN,

wiNieT ena AWAIT pvarnaceriona Rom
VIR HOMER OFFICES,

Pontehment Claaee the Onty One sot Com
pleted feaseas Mar Refese to Sian (ne
Helating to Indemnity and Guar vntere

Conditions ta Pekin Are “ot improving.

tpecial Cans Deapaich to i We suN

Prom a Sto? respondent
trem, * 24.- The Siunwters find It tm-
pomwible to proceed any further in the prepara-
ion of ther note to the C)hineme peace plete

jentiaries contoininag the demanda of thet
qoveomenta until Uy have recmived insime
thrana from the home of ea The note haa
heen completed with the exception e fone claure
in regard to the punmhment of certain exalted
hinese personages, and thin point w prohably
~ne dieotiased in (he various ferelan «Mca
Meanwhile. eversthing hero la eta standatill
and the hu<iness situation ka becoming wore
daily The Chinese plenipotentiaries, td tone
Chang and Prince Ching, to whom the reasun
tor the delay baa not been officially communi+
»ied, are also in a bad position Frery day
they receive orders {rom the Throne come
randing tham to proceed et once to make a
wettiernent with the Powers, The ony reply
they can tuake is that the allies are unable
to agree on the tertis necessary for such a set.
(his, undoubtedly, is most encour-
wing to the Chinese Government or Court, #8
‘hinges are at preseat, but it ts thought that

ere will be in the feelings of the
bmprese Dowager and her advisers when the
finalls

‘«

tlement

4 chanre

preser ted

eis
There is still another reason why the peace
negotiations # id be hos @ied) ‘The cone
fitions in Peain have not proved The

 

soetions controled by the Americans and Jap-
especially with small
controlled by the
e section over which

noese are overcrowded
tradesmen. Tie district
}nglisad well filled, but t

toe Germans have jurisdiction and where
there has been so much shooting of Chinese
is stil] eparse y settled

RUSSIA LIKELY TO CAT@R MOR® DELAT
“1 de Giers, the Ruastan Minister to China,
has as yet given no indication that he is willing
to precede from the position he took against
the provision in the preluninary note drawn
up by the Ministers that China thould agree
indemnity for the Boxer outrages
and give a guarantee against further troubles
ona basis to be proposed by the Powers later
on. The correspondent of THe Stn has pot
wrd that the British or German Governments
have changed (heir instructlons to their repre
sentatives on thi« point. These orders were
ey shoud not sign the note unless such
provision wasinserted All the other Mine
(ters are ready to sign the note when it is come
} jetad, but it will be useless to hold any further
eotivgs untll M de Glers yields or the English
ed German Governments recede from thelr
position
Phe Chinese hellewe the Russtane are friendly
to them and are opposing this provision, be-
vee, if adopted it would mean that at some
ster data China would be compelled to sur-
nder eversthing demanded by the Powers
rd could have no hope of making # compfo-
Furthermore, the representatives of Russia
and France have agreed, atter a ceonfrrence,
at the troops despatched by the allles to
hina were for the rellef of the legations and
the suppression of the Roxers and were not
directed egaiinst Chinese Government,
and it is argued by the French ard Russian
epresentatives, as the foreign Ministers in
china and the Chinese Mintsters to foreign
countries etl. remain at their poste, the delay
in the return of Emperor Kwang-su and the
l.rapress Dowager to Pekin is inexcusable.
RI SPICION OF FRANCE AND [USBIA,

Meanwhile the usual tribute of silver and
«» regular supplies of provisions, which were
formerly sent by provineial officials to Pekin
for the use of the Cou t, are being sent to Sin-
wan-fu, whieh seers to show that few believe

e Cour has any intenton of coming back
bere For this reason some people think
inat the Russian intentions are not altogetier
and thet the Freneh demand for
the establihment of a new government in
ina, even without the eonsent of that country
‘€ (hina continues to allow foreign supervision
of her revenues, proves thar the French are
looking for a key to the situation and have
not the interests of the Flowery Kingdom at
ere

This French argument against foreign euper-
nof the revenues {9 weak, Proper super-
‘ision of the revenues would really mean the
regeneration of the Chinese Empire, no matter
ow distasteful it might be to the Empress
Dowager and Emperor Kwang--u and their
The revenue and blackmail  col-
ected by Chinese officials at present amount
to three times more than is neoessary to mao
the machinery of government, and yet the
Government has been almost bankrupt for
‘ears past. Proper supervision of the collen-
tron of the revenues would restore China's credit
and provide suflclent money to pay the In-
demnities that will be asked by the allies,

to pay an

i

hat t)

 

 

the

unselfish

visio

ndvisor

A WARNING TO CHINA,
Yang Yu, the Chinese Minister to St. Peters
burg, cabled to Lt Hung Chang and Prince Ching
on Nov 21 that M. de Witte, the huselan Mialsater

 

 

| leaving the general situation m

|

|
|

 

of Finance, had tiformed hha that Uf the sencing |

of tribute of silver and supplies of provisions

ySingan-fu was not stopped and soldiers wera
not sent to restore communication with that
place Russia and France would sever friendly
‘elutiona with China. Bar! Lland Prinee Ching
forwarded thls despatch to the Ccurt at
singan-fu.

During the meetings of the Ministere M.
Pichon. the French representative, has been
moet friendly toward the Chinese and did not
refuse to sien the financial provision referred
to in the fret part of thie despatch, On Thurs-
day he received a cable despatch from the
French Foreign Office offering him the ap-
pointment of Resident Governor of Tunis.
This is probably an insignificant coincidence,
but it is interesting

WHAT PUNISHMENT POR TUNO PU HSIANG?

Li Tiung Chang and Prince Ching have for- |

warded to the Court at Signan-fu the oficial
protests of the Ministers representing the allies

igdinet the punishments ordered in the edict |
The Ministers aay the punishments |
are inadequate and call special attention to the |

of Nov. 13

fact (hat Gen. Tung Pu Heiang is net punished

at all and demand to know, furthermore, why |

he is st.ll with the Court. The wisdom of {n-
sting on the punishment of Tung Fu Hsiang
ust at this time is seriously questioned. As
has been stated in niches before
he is in command of a large body of Chinese

these dest

troops who are supposed to be acting asa guard
to the Court, but who really have the Emperor
and Empress Dowawer surrounded and at their |
mers) Under these circumstances it would
be impossible to punish this man just new

Gen. Coailee sent a force of cavalry yester-
day to some villages about twenty-five miles
to the sout! The residents have made com-

plants that bands of robbers were looting
their property and burning their homes
Chaflee’s orders to the

Gan
Alerioan cavalrymen

were to disperse these robber bands and pros |

tect the villagers

rhe American Commander retained a arnall
force Lo act 48a guard of honor at the funeral
to-day of Li Shan (liu Shih-an”, the Comp-
troller of the Imperal Household, whe was
veheaded on Ane because of his friendship
for foreigners, The funeral took place at the
Kwane |e) Testi tem je

Li fing Chang has sent a letter to the Pro.
vost Marshal thanking him for the exhibition
of good government in Pekin under the allies.

Of} ial reports in reward to the rebellion in
the southern provinces are to the effect that
the uprising is not developing to the extent
thut was feared, The people in the vicinity

of Canton are filed with the spirit of revelion,
satiftontly amounts to talk and itis not proba.

blethal there willbe any tlehting
STOCKS PRS AMONG THK ALLIES
So repert cust made be Sumeen John W
baweter (Major in the medical departudenut

 

(ae cee ee

of the United @tates Army), who hae completed
an @ramination of the hoapitale of the allie,
will make interesting reading for physicians
fle anys the German have Che het sanitary

outfit. Thee hewe dotiling polenta, bacterin
log eal eel) nent HOveen fe My paras
And wewticines and ever thing eee needed, and
@ they hace (he moat sicknaw Strict orders
“ote boomed @ehen tha Germane reached Obra
forbidding the eof unbollied water, even for

one violating these
ptinte beet

cleansing tin teeth Au

rules, (twa etated, would he eaverel

the regulationt have been etrietl evforced
and (¢ te almott certain that no i nbolled water
has heen need Nevertheless, in the Getmar
he tal at Tientein the re patient
twenty of whom are eu tering with dy Senter
and thirt:-one with tonhe fe rer

The French are aleo well pred and the
men are not allowed to ise waters that haa not

been holed, ret thew have «
of dysentery, forty of dian
of typhoid in thelr hoapital

On the other band, the conditions surround.
ing the Japanere troops are unsanitary and
the men drink water that hae not been boiled
Nevertheless, there has not been @ single care
of typhoid fever among them and there are
only thirty-#ix patients in the Japanese bos-
pital ‘These are cases of diarrhea,

@a and twenty

AN AGREEMENT ON CHINA.

Cologne ‘Gazette’ Save Russia and the United
States Only Are Outside of It.
Special Cable Drapetch to Tir SUN.

CoroGner, Nov M.-—The  Gaaette, which
generally expresses the opiniona of the Gov-
ernment, says to-day, In discussing the Chi-
nese situation, that France, England and Ger-
many have practioally regched an agreement
regarding the penalty ciause, wlule the United
Stotes and Russia are pleading
lhe of whether it
display of strength
or to be con-

circumstinces tion
is necessary to make agreat
to enforce the death penalty,
tented with something inere easily
the Gaaeite says, 8 too serious to warrant a
postponement of the question for ripe medi-
tation. Without the aid of China that penalty
caunot be imposed and such aid is not yet
forthcoming.

que

OUR APPEAL TO THE

 

POWERS.

 

 

Rassia and France Aro Bolieved to Favor the
Amerivan Saggestion.

WasHInaion, Nov. 2%.—-The appeal which
the United States Government bas addressed
to the Powers to endeavor to agree on & Satis-
factory and reasonable basis tour the settles
ment of the Chinese troubles deals principally
with the two main questions under considera-
tion by the Ministers at Pekin --the punish-
ment of the leaders of the ant-foreiyn attacks
aud the amount of indemnity to be demanded,
It is understood that this Government poin
out that unless these quesuons are adjusted
in such away as to make it possible for China
to comply with the demands in regard to then
the negotiations will probably cone to nothing,
ion more seeri-
ous than itis now. To devise means for mak-
ing reprisals, butat the same time to liolt the
conditions to be laid before the Chinese Govern.
ment to such as China will be able to fulfl,
the Lnited States propose toat the Powers
exchange Views among tuemseives, thus ld-
noring for the time being their representa.
tives at Pekin, althouch no direct proposal
is made that the negotiations at theChinese
capital be suspended or abandoned, or that
there be a general conference of the nations
concerned ontaide of Pekin

No formal onse to the Amertean note
has been received by the State Denartment
from any of the Powers, and none bs expected
for severa) dase It Is inferred, however,
from wuarded commen's to-day, that fn ad-
vance cf ary formal answer trom St. Peters-
dura the Government has reason to believe,
probably through verbal communications
from the Russian Ambassador a4 to Kussla’s
attitude, that the Czar's Government (6 favor-
able to the American suggestion, and that it
would be glad to have the negotiations trans-
ferred from Pe vin to the foreien offices of the
Powers, or to a Joint « nieton. Trance,
too, has been with the Untied States and Ruesia
in expressing diaanprohation «f the manner
in wiske h the negotiations lave been conducted
at Pein, and the aconiescence of the Mintetry
at Paris in the Armerican suggestion fs there-
fore to be expected

Of the attitude cf the other Powers, practt-
eally nothing is known but in bis interview on
Thureaday with the Gervan Minister of For-
eign Affairs, with reference to securing a modi-
fication of the renewed German proposal that
eleven Chinese dignitaries be executed as a
preliminary to formal peace negotiations,
Ambassador White received such assurances,
which he has communicated to the State De
partment, as to make {t probable that the Kal-
aer’s Government is willing to modify the radi-
cal attitude which he has assumed, _It was on
the basis of this informetion from Mr_ White
that Secretary Hay was able to tell the Cabinet
vesterday that thera wae a brighter outlook
for a settlement of the Chinese troubles.

rest

ARMY OF THE CHINESE REFORMERS.

Attack on the Imperial Troeps Not Approved
by the Chinese in Canada.

Vanoorven, B.C, Nov. '4--A enble de-
spatch received by W. A. Cumvon, Foreign
Secretary for Canada of the Chinese Empire
Reform Assoctation, states that the reform
troops In the north of China, equipped and
eistained by the Chinese In the United States
and Canada, have had thelr first pltobed battle
with the Impertal troops

Secretary Cumvrou states that the reform
assoclatton ts not pleased with the reault of
the battle,as no advantigo wis gained by thelr
troops and the lose of \ife was heavy on both
aides. The reform troops were the aggressors
but thelr attack was oaused by the Ininertal
troons breaking up thelr seeret meeurg In the
north of China and compelling the members
to fle tor thelr lives

‘tne Cotnase reform asacctation of Canada
wit}! send a message to the headquarters of
tie association in Japan expressing regret
that the troop@ partiady supported by them
attacked the Imperial troops and stating that
all they destre {a the deposition of the Enipress
the establishment cf a provisional govern.
ment and the eventual establishment of km-
peror Kwang-#u on the throne of Corina’ Their
army is to be used to protect the lives and
property of the reformers in (Chine and to eit
the Powers in pressing thel: demands on the
nation

 

If you seek Favrile Glass or Tif.
fany Glass for the Wedding Gitt or
the Hol.day Gift be certain that it
bears the Louis C. Titlany mark:—

Large pieces are signed Louis (. Tiffany.
Sm Mer pieces cre inilialed LC. 7.
Imposition will not be possible

if you keep in mirtd that there is

no Favrile Glass except Tiffany

Favrile Glass, and that it can NOT

be bought in-New York except in

these 1 WO places:

TIFFANY & CO.

Union Square.

TIFFANY STUDIOS

Fourth Ave. and 25th St.

 

Ancient Iridescent
Phoenician and

 

Greco-Roman Giass

|
I have the largwest and best |
collection carried by any deal-
erin the world, also »« large
assortment of ob fects of artiste
| and arch eoiogieal va ue, es
Pectally suitable for pres notation, avoiding @:-
Heation, Oriental antique silwer and gad |
ewelty, Italian and S;atosh Laces. Brocades,
uf ideties. Ve ve s and Vesiments.
DANIEL Z. NOORIAN, 28% E. 20th S¢., N.Y.
ANTIQUeS Geis KUSS

ee eee

 

hty-elght cases |

extenuating |

attainable, |

|
{nto the hotel, where other delegates had been
‘
|

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 196

| PARIS WELCOMES KRUGER.

PURIACLY WITH ENTNUSIAAH AND OF-
FICTALLY WITH FULL HONORS.

Neceived at the Kiysce as President. tts Viett
Hetorned by President Loubet the Ove
tiene to Kroger Kaceed Bapeotations Woerr
Cause te Bternat, He Saye Some Ant
Mnglish @rtes by the Paris Crowds, but
No Seriogs Incident Occurs During the Das,

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUM
PANS, Nov, 24.—The reception which Parte
gave to-day to Oom Paul Kroger of the

Tianavaal, who ta received here vs the Prev

deat of @ State travelling Incognito, exceeded

thueiaam what was expected by his friends
been

|

| inet
| He has received ovations from the public,
| warmly welcomed by the city offictals, been
received with honors at the Elysée and visited
| in turn by President Loubet.

Anent usteatic crowd assembled at the ral'-
way station this morning. The people waved
French and Boer colors and sang patriotic
songs, and there was much handclapping As

the Boer President arrived. Many Senators,
Deputies, municipal officials, Journalists and
volunteers who served in the Boer army were
present and cheered as the train entered the
atation at 1940 o'clock. The railway carriage
occupied by the Boer President was filled with
flowers.

The roof of a hullding collapsed while the
people were waiting to witness the arrival
of the Boor President and several railway men

| were birt

Aa Preaident Kroger left the car he was

| greeted with cries of “Vive Krager! Vive
lea Boers!” The absence of anti-English cries
waa noticeable
| Senator Guerin welcomed Mr, Krfiger on
behalf of the French Boer Independence Com-
| mittee, M. Crozier, Director of the Protocol,
| performed a aimilar office In the name of Presi-
| dent Loubet. Then M. Grebauval, President
| of the Munletpal Couneil, stepped forward and
| niso extended greetings. President Kriger
| replied to each addreas, speaking with intense
| emotion. Many persons wept while he was
speaking

In answertne M Grebauval's speech, In which
the President of the Municipal Council declared
that Parla detested oppressora, Mr. Kriger
ge oke\n aloud tone. He said Paria wasn “city
of ilght.”| The Transvaal, he said, adopted aa
{ta motto “Fluctuat nec mergitur,” whieh meant
that the Boers were unconquerable though tem-
porarily defeated, Mr Kriicer went on to say
that he still invoked arbitration and that the
cause of right, Justice and lMberty was eternal.
The crowd cheered this vociferously.

A procession was then formed and marched
through the boulevards to the Hotel Scribe,
wh ch the party reached at 11:40 o'clock.

Among the many persons who called at the
hotel were Senators, Deputies, members of the
Diplomatic Corps anda German Genoral, Some
eries of “Down with Chamberlain!® “Down with
Zola!” and ‘‘Down with Reinach!” were heard
outside the hotel

The reception to Mr. Krier waa very enthust-
astic al! the way from the station to the hotel
The police precautions were admirable, 2,000
members of the Republican Guards assisting
the gendarmes. The space around the Hotel
Soribe was kept clear and the driver of the car-
riige containing President Kriger and Dr.
leyds, the European representative of the
Transvaal, had no difficulty in reaching the
courtyard

Mr. Kriger looked tired and weary, but fn
dresa was amarter looking than usual, wearing
for this occasion a new high hat. His carriage
was eacorted by a equadron of municipal police.

A number of deputations followed the party

waiting for several hours. President Kruger
took the elevator to the firet floor, There he
received the delegates of the South African
Dutch Union, Then he proceeded to the second
floor, where he was welcomed by a number of
women. Mrs. Pierson, the wife of the Trans-
vaal representative at the Exposition, played
the Transvaal hymn on the piano,

Meanwhile the crowd outside grew {mpatient
and shouted “Vive Krager!* until] he appeared
on the balcony accompanied by his grandson
Llof, who waved the “Vierkleur.” President
Kriiger bowed with dignity and rhythmically
waved his hat

Thousands of people were congregated tn
the Rue Scribe and neighboring streeta, and
they were etill cheering when Mr. Krager
had been tn the hotel for over an hour.

A guard of honor arrived at the Hotel Beribe
In the afternoon to conduct Mr. Krfger itn
full state to the Hilvsée Palace, where he met
President Loubet at ¢@ o'clock, Afterward
President Louhet returned the visit

President Kriger was recelved at the Firste
as the Chief Magistrate of a State, travelling
{ncognito, alihough M. Crozter, the represen-
tative of President Loubet, was tn full untform,

A squadron of Curiaasiers escorted President
Kriger to and from the Elysée. A battalion
of infantry was stationed inthe conurtrard of
the palace and paid him full military honors
while the band playved the Transvaal national
anthem. Kruger wore the Presidential scarf
and the cross of the Legion of Honor,

President Loubet’s return visit to President
Kriger at the Hotel Scribe lasted twenty mine
utes. It ls said that the interview wasvery
cordial.

M. Crorier, representing President Loubhet,
had previously come to ree Dr, Levds at the
Hotel Scribe in regard to further arrangements
for the reception of the Boer President. Mr.
Krager had retired to his private apartmer te.
The mob was shouting and cheering outeide.

The enthusiasrn and bolsterousness of the
crowd made additional police precautions
necessary, and a squadron of munfeipal guards
was cent for, This was done, however, merely
asa precaution.

The excitement {noreased as night ap-
proached. Several municipal Councillors epread
a rumor that the Government was embarrassed
ever the demonstration, and would politelr
suggest to Mr. Kruger that It would be well

for him to leave Paris by Sunday night, or,
ut the latest, Monday morning

Me Krager’s trip through Franoa te dally
assuining more of an official character. At
Morseliles the authorities iguored him officially
unt Presig@¥t Loubet sent a telegram to the
Prefect on the evening of his arrivaito visit the

old Boer President. At Avignon it was noticed
that the French officials cheered him, At
Lyons and Dijon there were offictal receptions,
and thera were similar ceremo nies to-day by
the Prefect and municipality of Paris

President Kruger is very deaf and converses
with the greatest diMlculty. Neither he nor
hos in‘erpreter will be interviewed as to what the
ex-President thinks of his reception, but meme
bers of Mr. Kriger’s family say that he never
expected he would be received with such en-
thusiaam. He said to them: “I was already
the filer of (he Boers; now it seems that I am
the father of the Frenchmen.”

resident Kriger will remain in his apart-
ments #U day Sunday, and it is stated that he
will see no one. It la not known when he will
visit (he Hotel de Ville, if at all. ‘The Munici-
pu Councillors proposed to tender him a
reception and banquet tucre, but when they
apcke to Dr. Leyds aboot the matter to-day

' they received an indetlull reply and departed

' dic

itisfled,

| The crowds remained in front of the Hotel

There waa
The students

Scribe until late in the evening,
no incident of
paraded through howevards,
“sg bas Chamberlain,” and “Conspuez les Ang-
lais” The police soon dispersed them,

The b

a serious nature,
the

English ebouters

Ir, Leyds attended the banquet given this
avening by Foreign Minister Deicaasé in honor
of Prince George of Greece.

 

IF KRUGER VISITED LONDON,

Admitting Defeat, He Might Get as Warm a
Welcome There as in France.
Special Cane Despatch to THE SUN.
Toyxpon, Nov. 24> There is no question
about the sincerity and enthusiasm of the
j reception of Kruger by the French people.

shouting |

Uish binbassy was guarded all day ,
and might and the po.ice arrested sone anti- |

 

  
 

There la not a question, either, about the fi
tility of any diplomatic milaion he nay Under.
take among the Continental Powere hand
for ite object offetal effort in behalf of hie

defeated counteemen Therefore, no polities
importance te attached to ble etait
It la more noteworthy that French acela

eld Poer are nota
the firitieh Pit
opinion may aven go en far ae te aay that if
Kroger A accept the inevitable |
fecolve a greeting almost ae flattering If he
eame to London itaelf

Mmationa of (hie grey
ing the «\ahteer offence t

he w

BRIGAND AND POLITICAL BOSS

Masentine
Itallan Troops.
Special Cattle Despatch to TH SUN
LONDON, Nov 2¢--As anticipated
and Miuseolino has easily eseaped through the
polloe and military cordons elaborately drawn
around his mountain fastnees, and at present
he appears to be passing his tine plenaant!
in towns Within the last few days he has
written letters to papers in Rome, Milan, Naples
and Sicily, the burden of each being his ability
to defy the entire Italian Army. All these let-
tere contain these words:
"I am not a criminal, but an avenger I
harm not the innocent. I kill only the euilty.”

an
'

Continees to Dety and Eliade the |

DANGRR OF AN TRISH PARTY APLIT.

Question of Attending the Coming Session of

Partiament in Mtepate.

Srectal Coble Derpaieh to Te few

Townes, Now 26 Me. Horace Plinkett
President of toe Iran Board of Agrieniture
ealledonthe Firuriateeday. Anannual viattto
hie por obrasia ie the public explanas
tion of hie journer, bat it be underetood that he
fe charmed with a omisslon to Washington in

connection with the mall eerviee
Mr Plunket! lean eminentiv honest man and
A dood patri a yeu ago hee mmitted
idenche ain in the eyes of the bigoted
Tories by appointing to an important
Amriovilural Department @

perte in N

tru
any
Iriel

Pesption in| the

) nan who, altvough adinirably qualified for

the Brie. |

At the urgent command of the police the |

newspapers forward all letters from the des-
perado to detectives, who at firet hoped that
the postmarks would cause Mussolino’s un-
doing. The last batch was posted successively
at Catanzaro, Messina, Naples and Kome, #0
it is evident that Mussoline travels coneider-
ably unless he has friends to post the letters,
which is not thought likely. Mount Asprorm-
monte has been thoroughly explored by the
police and troons. Rocks have been blown
up with dynamite, woods burned and every
nook and cranny overhauled. Gen. Gioale,
who had charge of these operations has re-
turned to Rome, admitting that the brigand
was too much for him.

He brought with hin documents found tn a
eave which gave additfonal pljuaney to the
situation, It seems that during the recent
general elections Mussolleo played effectivels
the part of a political boss in Reggio Calabria.
He had a party ticket subniftted to him and
caused it to be made known that he would
reward as personal enemies all persons who
would vote against the cindidatcs approved
by him. As Mnasol{no had already committed
fourteen murders the intimation proved ef-
fective, The matter wil be Lronght to the
notice of the Chamber of Deputies. It ts
charged against one deputy, Tripeppt, that
he had personal relations with the brigand and
owed his election to Mussoilno’s active ad-
vouaey

Brigandage ts raging Just now with some
severity in ordinarily law-abiding Tuscany
Thore have been several cases recently of hiold-
ing up the mails and the movement appears
to be apreading.

SPAIN'S AFRICAN COLONIES.

 

Agreement With France as to Territory im the
Nou. ‘“ west eo” Jin the Congo Region.
Special Cable Despatch (0 THE SUN,

Manni, Nov. 24.—A red book will shortly
be published dealing with the negotlations
respecting Spanish colonies In Africa. This
will show that Franoe and Spain have agreed
that the latter oountry shall rula over 20,000
kilometres square north of the Rio Munle and
189,000 kilometres north of Cape Hianco on the
Rlo Oro shore. The Spanish righta to the
country therenbouts have been regarded as
rather shadowy heretofore, but the diplomacy
of Sefior Castillo, the Spanish Ambassador
to Franos, and the friend'iness of the otter
country have secured to Spiln two-fifths
of her remaining colontal possessions. Spain
is now anxious to extend her territory along the
Rio Oro northward to the Morocoo boundary,
England wii] consent to this if the Sultan of
Morocco will agree.

 

QUBEN'S NEW YACHT COMFORTABLE.

Really a Sort of a Big Houseboat for Cowes
Racing Week.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUR,

Lowpon, Nov. 24—The Queen's new yacht
does not promise to be very handsome or nea-
worthy, but does promise to be comfortable
It has been decided that the Queen's lift will
be run to the upper saloon deck, #0 that a chair
can be lifted from the royal apartments to
the upper deck saloon and thence wheeled
to @ epacious promenade on the deck outside
Many deck lounges have been contrived, mak-
ing the yacht’s fate appear to be a kind of
royal houseboat for Cowes week.

 

Fined for Seiling a Work of Aré.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
Rome, Nov. %-—-Adolf Sangulnettl, who
sold a famous bronze bust tn violation of the
law which forbids the exportation of works of
art, was toeday fined 14,000 lire,

 

Spain Sends Messages of Sympathy to Kruger.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.
Maprip Nov, 24—The residents of the
towns of Rilbao, Barcelona, Valencia, Malaga
and Seville have sent messages of sympathy
to Preeident Kroger :

Kroger Thanks Qneoen Wilhelmina.

Special Catle Despatch to THR SuN.
Tar Haorre, Nov 24—When Prectdent
Kriger arrived at Marwailles he sent a letter

of thanks to Queen Wilhelmina for the oourtesy
and kindness shown to him in placing the
cruiser ( @lierland at his disposal.

 

e e
Amackassin Heights.
For Well-to-Do Men.

A large sum paid for a dwelling
house is permanently tied up. You
can do better with it. Any sum paid
out for rent is forever lost. You
couldn't do worse with it. We havea
proposition for men in good circum.
stances to pay for such a house as they
want exactly as they pay for endow-
ment life insurance. Let us submit it
to you in detail.

An clevated tract in the Cite of Yonters, 28

 

minutes from Grand Central depo s
ini utes from Reciorst. via Elevated. Com
mards «a view of the toudeon River, Long

Isiand Sound, and awide extent of \Westcnes
fer’+ roll uy, Woodeu country, Houses bave
spactous lawn aod garden plots, are altrictive
in style, and lock nothing of beauty or con
ventenee Roads, walks and ali ule im.
prowercents are paid for; bu @sseSstacats to
come for any purpose

NEW YORK BUILDING-LOAN
BANKING COMPANY,

111 Fifth Ave., New York,

or 22 Getty Square, Yonkers.

 

 

 

$500.2Reward

We have adverticed for nine
yeats that a cocktall made of
the same materials and propor
tions and aged is better than
one thatis made as wantea, To
more strongly impress ihe pub
lic with our stat ment and to
remove such litile, unfust presu-
dices O98 May exist against the |

|
!
|

‘Club Cocktatls,”’ we now offer

6500.00 to any party who}
will prove our assertion to be
untrue

AVOID IMITATIONS.

 

| 20 Mroagway, N. ¥., Martford,Conn, |

—_

 

 

the post, lebored under the supposed diead-
vantage of being a Nationaliat For this of-
fen-e the landlord Tory party in Ireland op-
poced Mr. Miunkett's re lection from Dublin
last month and defeated him. Mr. Plunkett
snow Without @ Parliamentary seat, but re-
tains the Presidener of the Agricultural De-
partment and renams a member of the Gov-
ernment,

Mr Plunkett's views on the present political
fituation will be worth securing That situ-
ation haa just undergone one of those kaleido-
Bcople changes which constitute one of the
charms of Irish politict. Wiliam O'Brien,
as President of the United Irish League, baa
ordered Nationalist Members of Parilament
to abstain from attending the session neat
month on the ground that they would be better
emploved in making the National Irish Con-
vention in January a success. ‘This reason ts
astogether inadequate The session has been
fummoned for the sole purpose of providing
money for the continuance of the warin South
Africa, and the Irish Members for months past
have been declaring their intention of opposing
such an appropriation tooth and nail. John
Redmond, John Dillon and other erstwhile
leaders have signified their intention of obey-
ing O'Brien's orders, but there are signs of
mutiny in the ranks, and the lead la taken to-day
by the veteran patriot, Thomas Sullivan, who
still as @ virile pen and an eloquent tongue.

“When,” he writes, “Parliament opens the
blood of the Boer patricta will atill be flowing
on the soll and reddening the rivers of the
Transvaal When Parliament opens the fames
of Boer dwellings will etill be making @ glare
at midnight and the shrieks of the Boer women
and children will be ascending to heaven, When
Parliament opens, the English butcher, Kiteh-
ener will be carrying out his plans of depopu-
lating the districts In which resistance to the
English troops is possible, making a eolitude
and calling it peace as was done by English
oommanders in Munster in the reign of Queen
Elizabeth.”

Bullivan passionately calls upon the Na-
tionalists to decline to make themselves re-
sponsible by abstention for the horrors of South
Africa, merely to facilitate O'Brien's “nar
row, selfish, factious object.”

Another leading Nationalist insiste that
the entire Nationalist force must be in their
places at the coming seseion for they have
two paramount duties to fulfil, first exposing
the awful misery and famine produced by
bad government and cruel taxation in India,
second, exposing the campaign of brigandage
and araon against the Boers in South Africa,

It will be interesting to watch the effect
of these and other protests upon O’Brien,
The probabilities are that he will insist on
obedience to his ukase and that will mean
anothbor Irish split.

WHY CHAMBERLAIN 18 AT MALTA

 

Investigating the Old Dispute Over Making
English the OMcial Language.

Special Cadle Despatch te THR SUN.

Taxpox, Nov. 24.—It transpires that Mp,
Joseph Chamberlain's visit to Malta, ostene
sibly a pleasure trip, is primarily undertaken
for the purpose of examining on the spot the
merits of the long-standing dispute Ip regard
to the use of the Italian language as an official
medium. lt may be confidently atated that
the Colonial Minister had decided that the
oMetal’ language must be English efter the
expiration of an tnterregnum., the length of
which has not yet been determined. The
Yrench and @#ome Italian newspapers havo
been busily endeavoring to make an interna-
tional question out of the change, but their
efforts are not destined to be in the least suo-
cessful.

The view taken by Intelligent Italiane was
well expressed by the Visconti Venosta in the
course of a conversation the other day with
THe ScnN‘’s Rome correspondent. He sald;

“I do not wish to say whether England has
acted wisely or foolishly in attenipting to Angli-
cize Malta. The denationalization of cer-
tain countries, especially those inhabited by
Italians, Is very difficult, unless, indeed, the
language which it ts desired to {mpose {ts akin
to the native tongue, For instance, the Italian
language remaina supreme tn Trieste, Istria,
Delmatia, Malta and the East generally, but
it is admittedly disappearing in Nice and Com
sica. Depend upon it, the Maltese will never
cease to speak Italian, but tf ther learn English
so much the better. A knowledge of several
languages is a valuable commercial asset,
and it js absurd to make international trouble
out of the Maltese question. Italy as a power
bas bo proper concern in it.”

 

ARSENIO IN ENGLISH BREB.

Tiiness and Death of Workmen at Manchester
Traced to That Cause.

Special Carle Despatch to THR StH.

Loxpon, Nov. 24.—Manchester has been
suffering from a mysterious epidenilo since
summer. There are now over one thousand
oases and there have been many deaths. The
number of deaths has not been definitely known,
owing to a wroug diagnosis, until the present
week, when the cause Was medically established.

The hospitals have been treating @ number
of outdoor and indoor patients. All were beer
drinkers, though many drank only a glass at
each meal, The doctors have been treating the
disease ae peripheral neuritis, due to an ex-
ceas of alcohol, thinking that the war fever
and the general election had increased drink-
ing. The eymptome* appeared largely in the
face, The eyes were pully and watery, the
akin dark colored from pigmentation, the walk
as of one with sore feet and the Lands without
strength to grasp.

A rigorous inquiry followed the unprece-
dented number of deaths and the disease was
certified to as aleoholic neuritis. A better
diagnosis showed that sinilar cases were due
to afsenical poisoning, The beer of loreal |
breweries was ansiyzed and found to contain
sufficient arsenic to account for the eymtoue
It was found that Chere was poison in the eugar
used {in brewing the commoner heers. This
article was manufactured by the use of com-
mercial aulphurie ar id Several breweries con-
sequentiy abandoned the saccharine hitherto
used.

 

 

THE DANISH WEST INDIFS,

Report That the Question of Whether We Get |
Them WUl Soon Be Setticd.
Special Cable Despatch to THK SUN,

Vrenna, Nov 24-- The B
announces Uiat the question of
the Danish West Indies to the Lnited States
will soon be settied = If Denmark ts unable to
come to terms with the bn) Suites, the
journal says, she will establish in the West
Indies a large harbor and couling station, the
capital for which will be furnished by Germans

es

SALE Or

 

Weal: orrespondenre

the cession of

ed

John Lawson Johustou Dies Aboard His Yacht.
Sjecial CaNe Lespatch io Titik SuN,

Loxpon, Nov. 24. -dolin Lawson Johneton
died of «ys neope on board his yacht White Ladye
at Cannes tu-da)

John Lawson Johnston, F. R. 1., waa bora
in 1639 at Midiothian. He went to Cinade in
1X74 AS A dietetic expert He tnade a atudy
of dietetics and their tmportance from military

and other ;oint+ of Vew. His name is asso-
ciated with rations used by troops under all

 

| erreumstances, especially in emergencies and

during forced marches. He was alo an aw-
thority on how ital comforte and was coneui'-
ed b. ration Grvernments when they desired
te send expediuons oul

 

THE

FORSYTHE WAIST.

Elegant Showing of

NEW WAISTS, THIS WEEK,
At the Following Prices:

TAILOR MADE SILK WAISTS
$10, $12.59, $15, $20, $25.

Mirror Velvet, attk tined, $15 panne and Sitk Vetvet, sik tinea, 25

Back, White, and Black and White Silk Watets, ®10,

$15, 20

FLANNEL WAISTS

Solid Colors, forty shades, $5

Stripes, Plaids, embroidered, $7

FANCY DRESS WAISTS

$15, $18, $25, %35,

$45, $50, *65, *75

MADR NY

Mail Orders
Carefully Filled.

 

Art Sales and Exbibittons,

nen ne eee

 

JOHN FORSYTHE, 8 sroanway,
THE WAIST HOUSE,

|
Open Thanksgiving Day.

Between 17th
and 18th Streets,

 

Art Sales and Cxhivitions,

—w.

~—s ~

-

 

Louisville, Kentucky.
Executor’s

Absolute Sale

 

 

\4

% eam

ihe “an ow “ ey Ne
ESAS
ct Ae Athy

- ENR et
pn g nA
Ps 7 . Le
reser 0 pi

iC)
es

 

 

American Art Galleries,
Madison Square South, New York.

 

    
     
    
  

iF

288 Fifth Ave.

a ||
|

NEW YORK

EXTRAORDINARY
ART EYENT,

By order of the
Executors of

B. GROSSBAUM, |
ESQ.,

DECEASED.

 

 

-_— ---— —— ~
DUKE REBUKED HIS ALDERMEN.

 

ifth Ave. Auction Rooms
| EXECUTORS’ SAL

Entire Contents of the Ccramto Art Galleries
OF THE FIRM OF

B. GROSSBAUM & SONS,

20190 Fifth Avenae,

MATCHLESS ROYAL VIENNA AND SEVRES VASES,
RARE EUROPEAN CERAMICS.
| ANTIQUE DUTCH MARQUETERIE,
GARRAKA MARBLE STATUARY,
NOW ON EXHIBICION PREVIOUS TO BEING SOLD BY AUCTION

TUESDAY AFTERNOON, NOV, 27,

NOV. 26TH, 28TH. (THANKSGIVING DAY), AND 80TH,
AT 2 O'CLOCK EACH DAY

sitaaeaeaimeaiis

OPAPP

WH. B. NORMAN, Aactioneer.

OF THE

12 New Hond Street,
LONDON, W,
COMPRISING
ANTIQUE PORCELAINS,

FLO ENTINE BROWZES,
CABINET CuRIOS, ETC.

 

 

fe

| JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer,

As Mayer of Westminster, He Demanded a

Proper Display of Spirit ia Voting.

Special CaNe Derpaich to THB SUN.
LoxNnon, Nov. 24.--The governments which

make of London several cities within a city have

been organizing this week. The Duke of Nor
folk, as Mayor of Westminster, presided over
the city faihers who govern that section of the
metropolia. A continuous raising and lowering
of bands is necessary in electing committees,
and some members flagged palpably

“I wish,” remnarked the Ducal Mayor sternir,
that eome of you gentlemen wouldn't seratch
your noses with the same hands you hold up for
me to eount”

Thereafter the elty fathers went through thelr
marial exercises with the emartness of guards

“44”

New edition Dr. Humphreya Mannal,
144 pages, on the care and treatment
of the sick in all ailments, mailed free,
fite the vest pocket,

COLDS

When the Chills run down your back, take
77" and the Cold will stop right there.

When you commence to aneeze, take ''77'
and that will end the Cold.

When you begin to Cough, take 77" and
that ends it,

When you fee) that you are taking Cold,
take 77" at once.

If you have a Cold that hangs on—Grip~
take ‘'77" and break it up.

At drugylste, 250.

 

|
|

|
|
|

 

|
|
|

|
|

FIFTA AVENUE ART GALLERIES,
366 Sth av., near 34th st.

WE HAVE BEEN INSTRUCTED AND
WILL SELL BY ORDER OF

Wri. H. GELSHENEN, ESQ.,
President of the Garfield National Bank,
ibe enthre contents of Lwel ing
NO. 254 WEST 73D ST. a

@0l4 In consequence of bis removal te
Dew residence, Just completed

THE FLPGANT FUKNITURE throughout wee
made to order by the weli Keown firm of

Messrs. R. J. Horner & Co.

and ‘tis in excellent condition

THE DRAWING ROOM In gilt and Vernie-Mante
eabinet., luxurious y u bolitered Sults, odd recep
ton ehairsinsatio lampis fue bronees, rick poree-

lates tn royal \ enna Sevres, Capod) Monte minta-
tures, Wory Carvings, oF paintings

FOYER HALL Flegan: a!! upholstered furnitere,
Vornis-Marun cabinets, neh orice wren

TUNING ROOM tp elaborately carved oat bufte
china Carte extension table, chairs aide ‘atic
ching and pias. ;

LIMKAKY IS PRINCIPALLY IN ORE.
overstulfid divaas claws, bookoases wrene

PEDROOMS IN SOLID MAMOGANY ané eek
sults, with elegenrt South rica 7
sul Sr iolkce Am™ ricau curied hair mat

Ali. THE HANDSOME DR eS s
pho ee AO JRAPERIES, CARPBTS

Servants’ furntiure, all im excellent eondiden;
kitchen paraphe ualla
SALE DAYS,

TUFSDAY ASD WEDNESDS YT, NOV. 97 AND
2%, AT 10:30 O'CLOCK SHARP.

HOUSE OPEN FOR INSPECTION MONDAY.
Catalog wea mailed
—_—_—_—_—_—_—_)

Duke aud Duchess of Manchester on the &t.
Louts.

Special Cake Despaich to Tur SUN.

Loxpon, Nov 24- No cctable persons bade
farewell to the Duke and Duchess of Mancester
(formerly Miss Zimmerman of Cincinnat:)
when they saded from Southampton for New
York on the American Line steamship &t. Louis
to-day. The steamer carries a large number
of passencers, including Gen. Herbert Eaton
of the Grenadier Guards, Mre Jesse Seligman
and her daughters and Mile. Milka Ternina.

 

Aumphrevs’ Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor, | The latter is to sing at (he Metropolitan Opera
j House in New York.

Wullaw & doun tw. New York.