|
i

ete

oe

—

Carers

aces

    

 

Load
GAVE THE ICE MAN POINTS.

weir, MeLPeD IA

WICK, THE
ro apcone anaer

parvern

A Ned Mate’! and Mad to Work All the Time
Against Wie Side Martare ferey. © “Hert
Mote het Me Mrowgnt Praewpertiy te the
Driver and Got soplee and O.t4 for Mimerif.

Ae the ice berze could not be opened wotll

the foreman qot around, the hoteling bore, the
wagon drivera aod the eecond hand erneeed
the street to the little saloon onpeoatte the ante
that led to the ire dock = They decided to wait
Were, drinking and emoking, until the business
of the day should bein, Muaay, the old erip-
pled driver, who had left the company’s set
vice several years aco, dropped into the saloon
and remarked that heonu d not kee away froma
the place, even though be was not worklia
there any more

“Tell us the story about that mule,” aad one
of the drivers. “We've aot an hour to spare, for
the bares hasn't been o ened (in ahead,

Mueesy, and let’« hear about the mule’

Muagsy gul, ed down the contentsof a whiskey
glass, took anew chaw of tobacco and suid

“There ain't much to tell, but if Lknew where

old Nick was buried Pd viet his grave every
day Heearned many a dollar for me, that's
what he did, and [ hope he's in heaven ff there's
a mule heaven anywhere. Yes, he was wood to
me. Hls side partner, Jerry, posed aa a Sun-
day-schoo! mule, but if there's a mule hell here.
after he's gone there for hiking NV! le Nick
would «teal be hadn't aauean bone in his bode
Jerry would: 't steal, but he'd e mmit murder if
you got too close to his heels, But he had some
good triits, Stull, if Twas ce de the matter
fairly I'd call Nick the good niule and Jerry the
bad one, although the crowd on the tce bridge
bad it the other way.

“You see, when [firs' got to driving an ice

wagon i educated Nick to helpmeturnoff a

trick or two, and he soon Jearned that he s ood

fo on all of the graft that cams my Way,
That was his reason for helping ime out
Im them days graft was good rhe ice.
man was a bigger feller then than the

ward alderman, and we made more money in
e@ day than you fellows can mike now tn a
month. That's how folks got to saying, How'd
yer lke tobethe iceman?’ Tho ieoman had
all sorts of money, and hie lived as well as the
millionaire, so far as grub was concerned = And
as for boog>, why we never bad to buy a drink!
It just came to us, and we had no fresh Losses
over us either, for we wouldn't staid to be
boased, But to get back to Old Nick, [want to
say that his death drove me out of the tee busi-
news) lcouldn't indan -thermiuie, or @ hor-e

either, that was competent to take bi+ place, |
workedia | Wei ghmaster for $4.0 by that rame and then
“| drove over to the ice bridge, where T wasto un-

| load
saw such poorly cut iceand that it didn't lool

for he knew every move Emade an!
harmony with me,

“T started in ‘he ice business asa hosting boy,
leading a tuwhorse that pulled ice out of the
barge. Imade extra money greasing wagons
for lazy drivers a! 24 centes grease
got to be a second hand, he!ping ona wagon
with av old driver who knew all of the tricks of
the trade, but he and Ivotalong allright forl
taught him a few pew one~ Then I gota
wagon to drive and iad a pretty good route to
erve for the oompavy. It was one of the old
yellow ice wagons; you know, “hat we called
the ‘yallers,’ The seoond diy I was driving I
made up my mind that I'd get anew wagon
from the oompany, so I drove out near Flatbush
and filed the tire on one of the rear wheels. The
wagon was lame when I brought her back, and
the superintendent told nie to go over to the
shop and get a new wheel When I! got over
there I found hundreds of new wheels in the
repair shop, but I didn't want them  Ispied a
New wagon that had just been turned cut of
the shop, and slipped o two-edollar bill to the
feller in charge, sayins, ‘I'm going t> hiteh up
to that new valler.’ He -aid, ‘go aheid ‘and I
got that wa on.

“Then Lwent to the company’s stable and
looked over the new stook of mulesthere. I
picked out the finest team I could see, «lipped a
dollar tothe manin charge and said: ‘1 want
those mules; give my old team to some other
driver’ That's how I got Nick ad Jerry,
Well, I} next went to the harnessmaker and
etaked him toa bone and he fittet me cut with
mew harness, and when I drove back to the iow
dock Iwas the sweilest that ever happened
Al! of the other drivers were jealous of me
They tought I hada pull with the super, and
they began making me presents. Well, I drove
up to an alley where the fellows were in the
habit of tying their teams to iron rings at-
tached to a brick wall
there ad T lambasted them with th: extra pow
ohain thit Le rred in the box under the wagon
eeat. Youought to hear them holler! And
derry nearly kicked bimse!f to Ceath

“When I got through lambasting them Nick
seemed & | now tha’ l wanted to be bossof
the new combination. So lu bowed his head,
Iter that he just did whatever 1 wanted
uu to doand I soon taught bun the tricks of the
trade. The ftirstload of ice | took out next
morning we.ghed sixty bundred. Ice was a
dollar u hundeed tat time. I drove on the
e@cal sin front of the weighiwaster's office and

  

whispered to Nick, saying, ‘Gt a little,’
and be got far enouszh to pull one
of the front wheels off. That made
my load weigh = filty-five hundred and
meant $8 in my pocket, for I had
600 pounds Iess to account for. I s« ld it

ground the route and returned for another
load. The weighmaster said 1 would have to
have the wag n weighed Lecause it was new
end might weigh more than ai old one, which
would mean alosstome. Ltcldhim I was in
e hurry and would accept the old wagon
weight for mine for one wore load, Sol wot
on another joad and he was watching to see
that the wagon was piumb on the scale, sol
didn't hive a chance? to whisper to tue nue
Butjust the same, whe) the wolghmuster a d
Twere engagen in Conversation, Nick moved
a little to the veftand turned the wheel off the
scale, He io ked around to see if te Wweighe
master Was waiching, and When the ico lad
been weighed he tilted the whee! back in piice
on ‘he scaie and that made 8 more for ie

“LT decided then and toere to tak> old Nick
{nto partnership with me, and when I gota mil+
@way from iheioe dock | stopped at a fruit
siaud and bought @ quarter's worth of appies
whieh was Niek's shore of the graft. ! pointed
@teach appl: acc told Nick that he could have
barrels of ‘era if he'd only stick tome and help
eraftiig on the ice compan . Le seemed to
know what I was saying and that aiternoon he
taught ine @ few triews: We got along well
together for a teow days, but ths Sunday s hoo
mule derry evidently arrive) at the conelusion
thit we were rovoing the company. He probably
feit sore because he wa-nt in jon the eraftand

be made up his mind he'd kuock Our eae. so
ne morning whoo Niek cid the whee: trick
erry Kieked Aud the ‘sed harder than any
other niule eves Ke Led be ore. tie bieked ond
he starved forward anu then be threw
ge The weighm ster had just: wevched in,
ut he hada't marked down the weigiut, so he
told me to get the mules
wigon woud be plumb or
wagon on
hiv eye onit Nek thdto turn offthe whe |
trick, but the Weig master saw him and osked
ne how Phad taucht him DPsaid toad.'t, Wea
2 game WAS Up als how and atter that when i
Went out With « loidot ice the weighmas er
Walk red that mule.
‘Asde ry tad Knocked that game 1 had to
Get up something else to beat the company. I
remembered that t wastine (> have tie new

  
 

 

in lin: so that the
the -cale 1 gotthe

I tied thos) mules up

 

Thentl,

it The welah master me
’ of £4231
aredit tor Aer be ike wag’ seiened f
or or ter nat ‘
Arave ty the ioe Pane y' « wal ow
my tan te beck fart aloe took t ena!
welahta ane bY one and threw them oe oe
fiver After that avery tme Tt took ont al
afloat wna nilowed i HO pounds of wagon
aL ene fenlly oe

“The nest roonth T wee away ack ad
lee hitting op t whiehey pretty har 3
then Toame hack I found acthange de ver ha
my wraon and | had to take another, hut wh
T threatened to (how ap mg job (he eper to
me loould ety mules back Thal was the
heet he eoido for a nat at an old wagon
The driver «ho fo" the new one thatl ad
been driving act the benefit of the ash welaht
ame Cf courses, L told him whataao d ming
se had ond he waea Tend ef mine after tha

Bur {rat dshin don't buy new rubber apr ne,
so Thad to eetup a new e to bees
compan’ { h one P Mose confidential

 

  

talke with Nick one day, and thet mule

emed to know that we 4 im to
think of a new @ame, for he listened atten-
tively tome Then I bought morte apples for
hm and went cut and charged a woman
68 for two dollara’ wort jee that «she
tad never reoe ved That day when got

hack on my ‘ast trip Thad. three cakes of los in
the weeon Tdroge on the ecales to weigh |
ao that] might et credit for the three ca oa
woe return na and what do you think hapnened?
That? jeving mule Nick Jugt «tepped back with
his left hind foot and res ea onthe acale. Th
weighinaster @ va me credit for am poundao
lee that didn't return and for the 600 pounds
of mule resting on the acale 1 finmedlitelyv
wave him acounleofapplea and patted him on
the head and backed him and drew him for-
ward and backed him again over that seale
untithe was well uo in the foot game. After
that whenever | returned to the dock for a load
of fee Lalways brought back afew cakes to gat
er cit for ©0 poundsofmuce. Finally the com-
piney cotan inspector to wate: the weighing-in
and Thad'ocvntion Nick to keep off the acale
while the inspector was around. But Thadto
heat some one and when the company was
watching me T eoneluded that the Sundav-
school mule, Jerry, had in soo @ manner given
oura@ome away and that we'd have to turn our
attention to vew craft

“Tn those divs te hov that acted as second
heloerhod to rideon the back of the lee wagon.
A. vou fellows know we called him ‘Rage-on-
behind’ The Rigs who went with me was @
bieger thief than tha mule. WhenTcomplained
of waft being hard hea ypntme en & new game.
T'was in the wonter time. There wasan old
pond over back of Preapect Park th Brooklyn
known as the ‘Steamer’ Rags told me men
were outting ico there fir a browery
and that T could buv ft from the men
enrting for very little tnoney. Our company
wns charging us 40 cents a hundred
for all we took out from the dock Rages
sicgeated T wet half a load every dav
trom the Staamar pord and turn that in to
our does as returne tfee Well, 1 drove over
to the Steamer after T had sold my lead, and
stomped th: first coal eart that T found with foe.
l told the driver that I'd give him halfa dollar
and treat him if he'd eve me his loadef ica
and he tole me to drive around thee rer, Then
he shifted his load intomy wagon and I took
Kim into e ealoon, blew him off, and gave him
half adollar He went hack n‘ter a whie and
@ t another load from the Seamer. Then IT
went back to cur doe and weiched tn 1,490
ronnds of returneadice. T got credit from the

The ‘e ‘ow on the bridge said he never

bkeonrlee Rut T eave him a dolior and he
thovght all foe tooled alie T took the ire cut
of the wagon and he pretended tothrow it back
tothe fee harge. but every now and then he
threw a cake overboard and he finally disposed
of if allin that way.

“One day after that T laid off and a new driver
served my route. Income manner while driving
near Pros ect Park the Surdav-school mule der.
ry balked and kicked unti! hetad toturninto
another street. Strange to sav, Jerry led on
while Nick puiled hack After having an awful
'meof iton the street the driver had to furnan-
other corner to wet the Jerry muletostart But
when he did start he led reht un tothe corner
where Thad heen bringing the Stoamer Pond! e.
and one of tha men who came alone witha load

| af Stoamershonted that he would sell the loa

for KO cents. The wodrivera get to talkingand

| the Steamer leeman told our man that T wae tn

 

up his |

dinght ant the wewhmaster kept |

wagon Weim edo that the rool weight of tie /

wagon could be di ducted from the gross weight
ol each load, for each or ver had to turn oy
Muc; mone for se much ice taken out ‘the
day I was to hive the wagon weighed I stopped
ata saloon to get a drink. I hid served my
route and the empty wagon wasthore in oront
of the saioon, when Nick pulled ahead a few
Bleps. Jerry Was pulling Lack and he kicked, |
anout f the olace and saw (bat Jerry was trv-
ng to keep Nics from -tealng a few apples
from the stant in front of a grocery. ~ T
toue ed Jerry withthe whp Then 1 let Niek
eet his gratt, for Pdidn't want a honest mule
working for tne We had no use for hi nest
mules in those davs. However, Nick pinched
off a few apples ant backed up aud wept baca-
ie until my atiention was again « ‘alted to hin
his tive he biexed the wagon ght in front
of « junk shop
“Theretu front o! the shorn was a pile of old
iron sash weights. Just what 1 needed, as
was going to hive the wason weighed. So |
bought 500 pounds of sash weights, thanks to
Nies for stopping there, and { put the sash
weights in the box und -rthe seat of the wagon
Then I staked Nick to a few apples for backing
im front of the sash weights. I drove right
@own to the dock, got the wagon on the scales

j and whent!

@iemesemeene

the hahit ofbuvingalo dof Breamer every dav
and returning to our dock whereT wot credit
forit. Inthie way the manon iny_ wagon got
ents the trek and he houaht the Steamer ice
and nutothers onto the came until the com-
pony flnally knocked the aime in the bend
*The Sundeav-schoo! mule was responaible for
that Rut Nick, the thieving mule knew a
thing ortwo,and he soon led me intoa new
geome Tt wastnthe snoring, ond we were filling
the icehonse of a brewery where the bose was
fo mean he enttison the heer ticketa we nad
heen accustomed to cet. Forty wagons were
carting ice to that brewery, and the brewer said
he couldn't offord to give away free heer to the
drivers and he'rers. So he shut down on the
heer tickets, fw) ich encn man hod been getting
five, which entitled him to five classes of heer
Rot werotunaschaemetobeathim, We brought
vrowlers with vs, and when we eot through
drinking from the tin cans we buried them under
the ie» And 'o get <quare with the mean
brewer we ilt what we foemen call a closet.
Yon know, instead of having the fee packed
aoliddy in the jeshouss we packed {tall around
the sides, leaving a hollow -quare in the centre.
Fle natd for abcut twiee as much ice as he
received, and he never knew it. Neither did
the eomnany — The company waa in by that
game, but we didn't gain anything excepting
fo have the satia‘action of getting -quare with

| amean man

“Some months later, *h nit wae time to fill
the brewery acatn, Ravs sonealed to the brewer
and told him the game The hrower rewarded
him forthe information and after that inaisted
upon having all of the {eo weivhed after {t had
heen cartedtothe brewery Tcarted a lead to
the prewery and weighed in,and was about to
back un to the icehouse when thot thieving
mul Niek just started offonan awful enit and
the Sucdav-chool mule went with him I
couldn't stop ‘em. The brewer had siened n pee
ceint for the load of iow they were running awey
with and heshouted for metoeame broek Rut
Nick had show mearew trick and’ whipred
un the Sundav-schoo! mule and made down the
road, gettingawav with the load of ice Tha
hrewer chased after me. Several empty wagons
wore courrving along and the brewer ran antil
hea saw anumberon the side of my wagon It
was the number cf the campany's offless, but
the hrewer thought he had nalied the number
of the wagon, ao he stopped, and walked back
flowly catiefied that he would he able to
strofghten the matter out on the following dav,
hv reporting to the company the wag n that
had atolen al adof his foe

“J eld the lond to a butcher for half the
regular price and when the brewer renorted
the stolen load he wae told t' at all of the eam.
nany's wagone bore the street number of the
eoamnany’s o%ea, T got away with three or
four leads after that hy working the same game
on other trewers. Finall: the brewers made
synch a aquenl that we had to drop that game.

‘The next scheme the mnle cot onto waa
one heing worked bv Rage Rage was tensing
olf Nick and the mule nushead his left foot
aut sidevars and knocked Pave inte the enter
As Rove fell on his face a nile of emall cotn,
quarters and dimes, rallied ont ef his noekots
an! T was kent huew for five minutes nicking
nomones T knew Ra os had nothing when he
storted ont for he hed borrowed a nickel from
me for clenrettes After Lnicked nn the money
1 lifted Page and helned him to eub his leg
where the mile's hoof had landed. Tacked him
how he had crafted the emall cotn and thrent.
ened tonune him if he refused to tell ohe
pdrotrret thet he had heen working a new
roameon the dishnan evet omer in the tenement.
honee attriet Te had told every one of the
dishoan eustomers that fee had cone un denhle
In orice and that the comnany dla not eare
for tholr trade unless ther were willing te ong
the rater Tn that wav he had conned off @7
a dav for three dave, but after Nick kicked the
mone outof Raes's nacket T worked the dich.
pin enetaroere ny self Once in a while when

‘nga attended tathen Thad to ehake the money
ont of him be lifting him un be the heele

  

“PFinaly me rante wae topeed overt. another
driver ond leat arovteathat broucht ma next
ta the good teens That is. noanle with }
maner Moet af them nover hathered ahout
Nig lea hil! ndT corked {t Into them Flore
ren Nick net meonanewtay Twas corving
acwaman who had nothing bat mones Rut che

wae the meanest that evor eame over the nike
Tn the summer t me when che wentts the eoon-

loft ten ef her caryanta to took after
R fore coin anwar che told me
it we ne esary’ for me to lasve ane leo
vatileteccturned She ea'd the servanta contd
Ao without fos ae itwoe her Intention ta ent
daren expenana ot her cite ha
areaics So T nosed the house for thre dave
woehout leaving ane ice On the fourth any
Wd Niel etonned riaht in frost of the doerand
he wonldn' brdeeaninch The Sundarecehoed

tr a!
her city hose
not

nla wanted to cautend hut Nick held hack 1
boaw he wenn tas methine ant pnileding
the enrh right in fant of the hone Ane of

 

earvants ranont and hogeed me tn eave
house = She ssid if T lett tee dure
ine the semmor far her and the other servant
thay would see fa it thot Trot noid hack later in
thesanson ‘or thev wanld audit mw hille for
douhie what ther hovld he when tho mietraca
wrehome  Sotilett the ine there all eummer
mistresa came back Tcorved her
sanenal wi hot tel'iog her Thad haen leovine
foe far the serven a, Tn putting in my bill J
inet soaked thet woman for thre times the
pmon totice served and the aervan's awore
my bille were correct Rut h> dav that
servant pit meoon tothe gamel found five
other hovees where the aervinte were willing ta
rrake contracts with ma ho presonting fake
feeble. Tdleave 0 nounde of jee and chorea
for 890 ponds and now ant then atabe the
eer act to a dolar That came netted ma
ever @2,01 in one semeon Rot if old Nick
hadn't stanned in frontof the maan woman's
honse that dev Daantd oat hewethoneht ahons
that came Some fo'tke micht trick he etonned
there heeavee be had heen inthe habit of etare
ning there daily, but Licnow he wanted to teach
meanew trick Yos, Nick waa faithful nal

"Te wasetpinge the wae Nick tpned oe of,
although 'ecouldn't talk Hemanaged te let
me know inet ernetly what todo ard how t, do
+ He was what von might eal! a hintine mule.
Wen he couldn't tell me pfainiv he tust hinted
ot things and as T was alwave watching him for
now cames T readily cought

For instanoe, be tipped me on taxing’ 4}

thy

[re in

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1000.

  
  
  

w8rd it
epin arow

foe at

vae w otab
Scar acintthiodecdes etned
mile, derfy, had behaved nicely — He

Ae meek aga lamb and convinoed me tha: he
wae trying fo prevent Sich from teaching
weiher new game Bol awalte | dewelopments

hile | waa weighing a cake in front of a
bulcher shop with the soale attached ty the
wagon rtad suddenly and pulled the
Wagon with ou Jorle hat the cake of low an
the crab aonie fell to the pavement’ When
Scurd the acale it waa bent in alittle so
hat the claw enda seemed to he closer together
than they ehefore Intrying to atrdlahten
it out Taaw ata @iance that when I premaert the
claws toward ch other with the little finger
of my hand, the hand of the acaie turne | about
orty pounds ‘Then when | released the clawa
the hand of the acale Jumped back |) Ite
prover place, This scale could be tested and
ound correct at all mes but the time I wot my
pinkey to work on it

“After that 1 used the crab sonle for forty
porns of jee to the cake While welahing the
ce TE held the bock of the weal» dial naif to
atendy the nenie, but really to aqueegs the claws
together with my little finger an make the
hand register forty pounds more than It really
I worked that game right in
front of the butcher who stood looking at me
to nee if To woe wiving correct weight, Some
butehera tested ‘he acale every ttme T came
around, but they didn’ @aet on tothe new game
tintil the Sundey-se! ool mule etirted up sude
denly one dav and pulled the seale out of my
hand, Ina manner somewhat similarto that by
which Nick bad put me onto the game

“Another thing Nick put me on to was the
aime of working the «mall platform _seale used
by butchers and grocers. One dav I was plod-
ding along through «inuddy strvet Nick aot
iis feet tingled ina plece of picture wire Taot
down off the wagon and took the wire from bis
hoofs. Attached to the wire was a leaden sinker
stich as fishermen use. Some boy had probably
been playing with it Well, T rfeked it up and
put wire and sinker infothe tool tex in the
wagon lanidto mysef, ‘That's for some use
and Nick knows, but_I'l try and work the
problem out.’ All day T though! about the wire
and sinker und r the seat) When I was engaged
in wela@hing a cake of ice on the platform scale
i) @ grocery store I thought «f the wire
and. sinker. I thoneht that it. could be
need to pull down the back part of the beam
of the platform scale just. as weight on the
scale rule it down, Tc ould drop the sinker
down in the apace containing the rod leading to
the platform and hock the end of the wire to
therod Ttried It as anexneriment and found
that it gave me twenty-five pounds to the rood,
But to carry out the echeme successfully it was
necessary for me to have my helper stand thera
and drop thes nker inthe alotand take it out
when | got through weighing, But the game
worked all right. I was rapidly getting rich

 

 

should weigh

when my helner wave that anap away and
other ieemen worked it to death nt Nick le
a good many barrels of apples out of tt ut

the came convinced me that I could work the
platform <cale tn another way. Py placi'¢ two
rubber bands on the red how k and the hook to
which it is fastened I made the scale weigh

thirty or furty pounds more thin the ice
welghed on the platform
“Nick’certainly wasa thieving mule. Hepit

meon the lay of storing few in vacant lotein the
winter and covering fe with snow so that T
could ell it next day. That was when I had
half a load of je: left inmy wagon after serving
my route and having enough money to py to
th» company for what I had taken cut. You see
things got so exsy that sometimes T'd have
more ice thin Tecould sell, after reliing more
according to my bookkeeping, than T had
orig nally taken from the ice dock. Of course I
couldn't toke it back, and Thad to hide tt some
place until the following day Thera Nick
tinned me again by getting stuck ina snow
bank in a vacant lot on thecutekirts of the city.
T had to unload to get out of the snow, so I left
the joo there after covering it up andit was
there the nextday You know t!at’s what we
call planting jce Inthe summer TI planted ft
in the restaurants along the river front, gettng
halt price for it or trading it off for fi-h or
chickens in the market

“That reminds me of the hotel trick that
Nick tipped to me when I was serving apromi-
rent hotel intown Wilie the wagon woe at
the side entrane: tothe hotel Nick got chew.
in@a canvas awning. He finally pulled the
awning down, and the manager of the |ote!
came out tomakea kick about it, Ttold him I
would be comne'led to font the bil. Soheand
I talked the matter over in the
we had several driniws I got to telline him a few
tricks of the ice trade and explained how the
mule had put me onto them by doing strange
things. And the hotel man asked what vlan it
was forthe mule t) eat the hotel ayvning
anawered there must be sormetiiing doing |ere,
and the hotel man said probably
Janghed and drank and taiked business rig’it
there, and entered into a deal with him to
charge double the amount of ice the hote) was
using. ‘The hotel had just fallen ir tothe ha ds
of anew proorietor woo knew nothing about
running a hotel, and the manager told me we
could work off ice in greatshie And we did
The manag*r got his shave of the profits and I
got mine, One day I went away from there with
ax turkeys and two hams. But of course these
things can be had by all iosmen who know how
to graft from an icelox. :

‘Talking of that sort of grafting, reminds
me of the wav that Nick stole canned goods
on the ateambont plere. Whenever he wot
ona pler he would steer right up against a pile
of boxes containing canned goods and knock
several of them to smash. He knew that
T'd do the reat, for when I'd be engaged in
straightening things ont I nsualiy got away
with cans of peaches, tomatoes or green peas
Juet threw then: into the wagen and covered
them with the blanket after Nick had hickead
them onutofthecases Forerafting canned goods
for me Nick would reecive tn return all the oats
he eould eat. In those dave we had to take
turns earting oats from the oat boat to the
atables of the ice company. I'd put fortveseven
bags of oats on my wagon and give a receipt
for thirty-five to the man at the harge Then
T'd stake him to a couple of dollars and drive
to a livery stable, give Nick a good feed and
sell twelve bags of onte for 84 That was lece
than half the market price of oats, for at thet
time they were &1 S09 hag After selling the
twelve bage I drove to the fee comnany's
atablee and tinioaded thirty-five bags, all mv
check aalled for Yon see, the oats came tn
hulk In the bares and we had to shovel them
into bags, and thot work made the drivers of
the fee wngon feel sore. That's why they
worked the man at the hare

“aes to the tricks that mule taneht me to
work on customers, Tecouldn't eount them.
Many atime lL founda full ioe box ina private
house and carried a cake of ice out of it and
then brought the tce hack.
marked down on mv hooks what T thought
I needed. T was the indenendentest iceman
that ever drove a wagon.
pendenter than I was. Once in a while when
we'd vet through serving a load and we felt
lazy, we went out to the country and lav off
nnder atree. That was in the summer time
The aun would dry up the wagen wheels and
we poured water over the wheels hefore turnin

Thar was aiving the wagon a drink an

fact that we had been lving off in the country
forfourorfivehours, Wet wheels looked hn-i-
ness ke. Rut poor Nick! How he enioved
it after a wood eraft. We tust lav off there in
the aun eating and drinking and sleening and
loafing and thinking of nothing but eraft.

“T'dhav> been in the business vet if Nick was
alive, but the poor fellow met asad fate He
was actually murdered by one of the drivers
who was jealous of our graft. The driver

ut @unshot in Niek'’s ear one dav and noor
Nick was found dead in his stall the next day.
The shot had gonetohisbrain  Andthe Sunday
echool mule® Well, he died the dav after
he kicked meintheshin. Ear ache, I suppose,
must have killed him too.”

LUCK OF A TINSWITTH.

Just the Plate He Needed Brought to Mim by
the Tarrant Fxplostons,

Aa an illustration of the eternal (tress of
things, this story was told last week by a well.
known lawver who lives in Harlem and knowe
the tinsmith whose experience he related,
The tinsmith was covering the roof ofa Green.
wich street building off the morning of theday
when the Tarrant drug store blew up. The

' waa nearly complete, and to his diseust he found

ea Anring her |

that he had underestimated the amount of tin
needed by one emall square. His shop was
in Marlem

He had put on all of the tin plates, leaving
bare a anot the size of one plote at noon, and
he came off the roof and went to a restaurant
for Inncheon. He was d bating whether he
should ride clear un to 125th street for (his one
piece of tin or attem:t to buy it downtown
when the series of explosions in the Tarrant
dre house oceurred.

The tinsmith wos in the firet crowd that
anthered about the rufrs and when he had
satisted his curiosi¢y he thoneht that he world
take just a look at the roof of the Greenwich
etreet building to see if it had heen iniured

en he reached the roof he found it uniniured
and near the spot which he had heen forced
to leave bare because he was short one plece
of tin lav a etrin of tin. Wt was slight!y hent
nd it had evidently heen weed on one of the
nildings which had heen blown wn. It wos
tin of the same size na that he had heen using
and its flicht in the air had not damneed it.
The tinamith promptly comnmleted his roof
with it. Tehas thus far resisted the euggestion
of his friends that he tempt hle Inek further
and play poliey

Drove Stage 03,600 Miles
From the Philadelphia Record.

McCCONNFLIARURG, Pa, Nov. i8-With a
record of having travelled a sufficient number
of miles to have taken him four times around
the clohe, David E. Little of this place has re-
siened as stage coach driver between here and
Mercereburg, in Franklin county, after a ser-
vice of Afteen vears. During these vears Lit-
tle carried over 18.000 passengers across the
Cove Mountain, among them some of the dis-
tinguished men of the country. He has crossed
the mountain in his daily trips over 9,200 times,
haa driven 93,400 miles and has lived in the coach
and on the road 8,000 daye of ten hours each

In al] this time he has never missed a
tions with the trains on the other tide "the
anountain. — cane enees

we did it ao the super vrouldn’t tumble to the |

THE FIGHT FOR TAMMANY CONTROL,

A Contest Within Temmany Wall to Be Be
samed Vout Angact oad Bettied In Metaber,
With the departure for Burope of Hiehard

Croker for an indefinite atay the elements of

fivaley and antageniam within the Tamminy

Hall or@antonton, unenppressed during the

Presidential campaivn, ore ailaned for @ oon

teat very much more serious in character than

Tammany Hall hae had for many rears A

Mayor is to be eleted in November neat, hav

ina under Charter provisiona a four yearn’

term and the arbitrary and unconditional
power of appointment or removal of the heade
of all the city depart nents during the firat ait
montha of bis tenure, At the present tine
nearly all of the distetet leaders of Tammany

Hall, to the number of thirty-five, are either at

the head of city depart ments or hold legislative

places of other offices more luerative if lesa
important than legi-lative places on the minor-
ity side in Albany next winter

The politieal control of the Tammany Hall
organisation is permanently vested in the
thirty-flve diatrict lenders, They are dispen-
sera of polities! patronage and, ostensibly at
least, under the Tammany Hall system of
org iniaation, the appointment of any person
in the municipal services of the transfer from
one post to another or from one department to
another orthe removal of any ona in the city
rervice muat, in order to be valid, have the in-
dorsement of the local district leader. Under
these circumstances the chairmanship of a
district organization, carrying with if political
recognition and control, gives the leader the
vothig power for the whole district committee,
the members of whi bh he chooses, To divest a
district leader of his power he must efther re-
alan (which Tammany district leaders never do)
or must be defeated at the primaries for the
election of committeemen and district dele-
wites, these primaries not taking plice this
vearnntl) Aveuat next, ten weeka in .dvance of
tie Mayoralty election and five weeks In advance
of the nominations for municipal and city
legislative officers next year.

Under section 4 of the city Charter the Mayor
of New York is “ineligible to the next term after
the termination of hia office” and the project,
publidv avowed a vear ago, of nominating
Mayor Van Wyck for one of the two Surcreme
Court vacancies arising next year-—to succeed
Abram R. Lawrence, first elected in 1873 and re-
elected in 1887-—anpears recently to have been
abandoned by Tammany. The opinion fs ex-
pressed that such a nomination might be peril-
ous to the interests of the organization Ina year
when a Mayor {s to be voted for; and the “Van
Wyck men" in Tammany, who are likewise the
“Carroll men,” would be at present satisfied

, with some tang!ble aseurance that the personal
| appointees of Moyor Van Wek, of whom there

| hold

afé, and after |

Then he |

Sometimes 1 fuer |

Rut Nick was inde-

|
|

|

| long ar his post at

are a few, will not be disturbed in their present
offices In the event of the election of a Demo-
cratic Mavor next November

The thirty-five district leaders of Tammany
who constitute the controlling force in that or-
ganization during Mr. Croker’s absence abroad
may be divided, we!!l informed nersona on the
inside declare, intos'x groups First, the early,
oricinal and uneonditional Croker men who
their present leaderships through the
favor, with the support, or at the request
of Richard Crover, most of whom have
either crown op with him in polities or have
heen ‘dentified with him since hehecame the
‘ender of Tammany Fallin the election contest
of 1885

The second croun {« madeun of former Shee-
han men who wore prominent and influential in
the sffafrs of Tammany di ine the leadership
of John © Sheehan, and hone to henefit by a re.
organization within Tommany Hall to bo rro-
moted either hy Sheehan's return to lacdoer hip
or hte nertictnation in th» offoire of leadership
Thethted croun f¢ made unef thee who nre
row Identified with the local Intereata, part po-
litleal and rart commer iol, represented by the
firm «f Sullivan ond Farrell, the senior member
of which fe Timothy D. Su'lie n, recently re-
elected a Stet Somator Tniike the Sheehan
faction, wiicee only ho eof eneeess Hes in the
overthrow of Mr Croker'a leadershir, the
Sy'tivan-Farre'l men have no oblection to
{te eontinnance, unieas there ehould be a
rerious attempt to molest their eantrol of police
ac neies nnd restrain the !a‘itude a! profes
stonal sporting men ond others on whose pro
perity and contributions these leadera denend
for continuancetn eontrol of their several dime
triete A “reformed Tommany” ther do not
partloularly obfee: te, but ‘a reforming Tam-
many’ at a reriod when the Tammany Ha'l
organization fs reenoreihle for the whole city
adreinistration Is very little to thefr liking: in
the event of nconte-t for eontrol within Tam-
many Fall ther would he found tn alllance with
those willing to guarintes the exiatence of
present poles conditions against those desiri: @
to change them.

Afourth greun, Umited to two districts, (s
made un: f ortzginal Van Wyek men who favor,
as before explained, the eontinuance tn office
of the fy mediate aprotntees of the prosent
Maver The fifth group, three dietricts, {s mada
up of those who are opposed to the Croker lead-
ership, either for business or political ressons—
two are city contractors and one {sthef.r-
mer Commissioner of Street Improvements tn
the annexed distriet, In charge of atreet, nave-
ment, sewer, and water contracts there before
the adortion of the present city Charter. The
sixth croup is mad: up of district lenders to the
number of eicht, who have no permanent iden-
tifention withany of the others. They or their
predecessors were eunporters of Mr. Sheehan
when he was the reeogn'zed Tammany leader,
and they are now sunportessof Mr Croker—so
the helm of Tammany re-
mains unchalienged within the ranks of that

| orm nization

Tere is the list of the Tammany Fall district
lenders, classified in grrouns, as well-informed
Temmany Hall leaders divide them, efx weeks in
rdvanes of the beginning of the year in which
a Mayor of Now York, five boroughs. is to he
elected foraterm which will not expire until

  

  
 
 

Jan. 1 1906:

CROKPR MEN
Nisver sees Keating’. .ccccesoreccses 29
Fitrnatrick .. MerAvoy... 28
Goodwin ‘ No'ahan... 24
Seully oes Dumn ....e. 24
Keenan......0e Hert 30

 

Haves....-
SUMP AN MPN.
: | MAT... ccsscrecrerece BF

Murphy ....6+

Martin...
Keahon...

 

 

BULLIVAN-FARRFLEL MEN,

 

 

Sullivan,...-
Fogel... ees
TDan'ine.....
Sexton
VAN WYCK-CARROLL MEN.
Lantry..... 22 | Carroll....... seccweee, OO
ANTI-CROKPR MEN ¢
MeMahon...... 17 | Haffen ..... seveveeees, OS
Hopper . a1
UNCLACSIPIPD,
Murphy. .... 9 | Nawleg.... cere 1G
Rycer 8 | Pluonk'tt.. 8
Tlarhureer. 19 | Donohue 2)
Datton ... 11! Ryan. wane 52

 

The undiaputed and undeniable “Croker men”
inthe Tammany Hall organization who hold
some of th» most importent city posts—Com-
miesoner of Highways, City Chamberlain, Dock
Commissioner and President of the Roard of
Public Tmprow menta--if reénforced bythe eight
“unclasal ed" leaders, would constitute a good
majority over a‘) the other leaders, however
combined But the tenure of each leader In
Tammany Is dependent unon the suoceas which
he will he able to make for the retention of his
leaderahip in the primaries of August next, and
those who are oppeard to Mr Croker or who
have, orexnect that they have, more to gain
politically by his overt}row are, of eourse, moat
numerous in those districts in which avowed
Croker men are in control In other
words, the Croker men are all on the
inside in Tammany. The opponenta of Mr
Croker's leadership are, some of them, in eon-
trol of discricts, while alarger number areon the
outside, thoneh in Tammany, seeking fn ad-
vance of the Mavoralty election to get control
of the organization in some of the Croker di -
tricts, most notably the Seecnd, Ninth, Twen-
tieth, Twenty-third and Thirty-third, in which
pians for primary contests hav* already begun,
There are no' primary fights eacheduled in any
one of the seven districts in which Sullivan-Far-
rell men, as they are called, lead, but in the
Third, Eleventh, Twenty-third and Thirty-a0@

|

end Aietricts primary fuhta are to he carted
On, and in some of these the battle for district
aupremacy within the Tammany Hall oraanita
thon hae sifeady heaun somewhat prema:
turety, perhape

In the primary elections@nf a rear ado what
Was then known aa the Croker Hoket polled a4
votes in the Bewenth ditriet, aaaingt 2,269 for
the opposition. in the Ninth the Cromer teket
polled 1,007 and the Bh echan tleket 1,408, and in
the Thirteenth datrict the Croker ticket polled
1,200 and the anti-Croker ticket 140 Local al-
vantages were the only ones to be eained in thie
year's primary flahte, whetens thoae of 1001 will
carry with them a chanoeof contrilof the Tam-
many ora nization in the city of New York and
through it the selection of (he Mayoralty can
didate tn et ther nee, a conditions to whieh all
the district loaders, aa well as those who dispute
locally their control, are alert

It cannot be sald that Mr. Croker, in leaving
the United Mtates for Kurope, bids farewell to a
Tammany organization that is disgruntled or
epit by factional antagoniame Its solidity,
achieved in success in 1807 and cemented in
Democratic defeat in 1900, was never more per-
fect, but the number of and varie'y of its out-
side foes Is steadily increasing.

JAPANESE IN FORMOSA,

They Are Having No End of Tronbie With the
Natives and the Climate,

 

Japan has not yet pacified Formosa and
many Japanese regret that their country ever
acquired the island, Millions of dollars have
been spent by the new owners of the island
and both inhabitants and climate are hostile
to the Japanese and fevers have decimated
their army

After the war with China was over and @
Japanese army of oceupation had landed tn
Formosa a large part of the Chinese immigrante
arose against the newcomers, whom they re-
garded as invaders. This insurrection was
suppressed with a heavy hand and Japan took
severe measures to prevent further disturb.
ances, ‘These measures, however, only increased
the general distress without restoring peace
One of the greatest evils was the practical
paralysis of business. The Chinese who refused
to surrender their Chinese citizenship were
compelled to sell their property and leave the
island. Thev comprised most of the well-to-
do population, and the country has been nearly
ruined by the departure of nearly the entire
business element among the people.

Then Japan's efforts to win the confidence
of the natives by measures intended for their

ood were not welcomed or appreciated. A
arge number of schools were established, but
they did not succeed. They had only 1,400
pupils a while ago, and at the same time there
were 20,000 pupils in the schools in which Chi-

ese only is anaes. The Japanese language,

wever, ia gaining sone foothold in the more
civilized parts of the island.

The civil functionaries introduced into the
island from Japan have proved a failure. They
were hurriedly selected, they proved to be
wanting in tact and prudence and seme of
them were dishonest. Their record and in-
fluence in the island have made the Chinese
population more hostile than ever to the new
government

When revistance to Japanese rule increased
two years ago the ald of the savage aborigines
was sought ty subdue the civilized portion of
the population. These tribes had been treated
with @reat cruelty by the Chinese and the Jap-
anese told them: they would be protected from
Chinese coloni«ts. This policy, however, has
not succeeded. The savages had not been
won over to the side of Japan, and one of the
largest tribes of the island, the Hakkas, have
become very hostile to the Government, whose
commercial policy has deprived them of their
sources of revenue. The Hakkas were the
commercial middlemen between the Chinese
and the savage tribes. But the Japanese de-
cided to deal directly with the wild mountaineers
in order to gain their friendship by selling them
goods very cheaply. The experiment was a
complete failure.

Formosa is one of the larzest producers of
eamphor in the world The Chinese sought
to establish a monopoly of this article, but
the hostility of the Hakkas, who wished to
share in the profits of the trade, compelled
them to abandon the project. Instead of prof-
iting by this lesson the Jananese have them.
selves established a camphor monopoly, and
this has given rise to a fresh crop of grievances
which is greatly adding to the burdens of the
Japanese The cost of oecupation is still very
larce, and it ia certain that great sacrifices
mst yet he made before the Japanese are
firmly established in the island

 

Ocean Steamers,
EUROPE #2 ORIENT.

H. CAZE & SONS--57TH YEAR.

Higheclass tours under personal escort leave New
York at frequent intervals for an extended tour
through Southern France and Italy.

@4 Days. All Expenses 6490 up.

Egypt, Holy Land, Turkey and Greece

76 Days. All Expenses 8620 ap.

NILE TOURS 77)0077
Tourist steamers
The newest and best on the Nile
All Expenses, tneluding al! excursions
9171.50 up.

For programmes and full information apply to
HENRY GAZE & SONS, 118 Broadway, New York

Cook's Mediterranean Tours,

From New York Jan. 5, 22, Feb 2, 12, 16, 23
March @, 1901. Inelude the Mediterranean,
Palestine, Greece,

Ks} . the Nile, Turkey,
italy, ete

The cheapest and most comprenensive Tours ever
advertised First-class, allexpeusesinoiuded Lim-
{ted numbers.

CRUISE TO THE WEST INDIES.

From New York Feb. 9, visiting Cuba. Poer
Rico, Windward Islands, Demerara, ete Atour
38 days Special Fares

Illustrated Programmes from

THOS. COOK & SON,

261 and 1358 Broadway, New York.

eee eee ey

AMERICAN LINE.
FAST EXPRESS SERVICE,
NEW YOKK—SOUTHAMPTON—LONDON
Calling Westbound at Cherbourg.

  

Sailing Wednesday at 10 A. M.
e*Kensington.... Nov, 28 “Southwark..... Dee, 10
&t. Louis... +o Dee 5 St. Louls ... ...... Dea 26
New York.. Dee. 12\New York.........Jan. @

 

*Salling at 12 noon.

RED STAR LINE.

NEW YORK—ANTWERP—PARIS.

very Wednesday at 12 noon.
*Kensington,. -Nov, 28 *Southwark.....Dee, 19
Noordland.........Dee. 53

Vaderiar «> Dee. 26
*These steamers carry cabin and tinted cinbe pas

eengets at low rates,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,

'4and 15,N. R OMec, 73 Broadway.

~ FRENCH LINE,
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique

WIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS (Frauce).
Salling every Thursday at 10 A. M.
From Pier No. ¥. North Hiver, foot Morton St

 
  

 

Lorraine.... ov.20 0 Lea Champagne . bec. 20
aG.scogne .... Dea 6 La Lorraine «Dec, 27
La Bretagne......Deo 18 L' Aquitaine. Jan. 3

General Agency, 42 Brondway, New \ ork.

Steamers San Juan. saflin
Dee. § aud Ponce Dee. 22, toucte

Around ing at San Juan, Ponce and
ports of the island

rineipal
Porto Rico Khe best of modern serommo
a a aee| dations for first and second
cabin passengers. All rooms outside on dec rron
ler 2, Empire Swores, Brooklyng (near§ Fulton
Perey at 12 noon. OMce, No. 1 broadway, New
yor

 

 

OLD DOMINION LINE.

DAILY SERVICE.

For O14 Point Comfort, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Pin.

Laure Rietncet” Virgie Desots Wassiobise

etersburg, ond, Virginia

C., and mee South and Ween "

Frets n nger steamers eal! from
86,N.R foot a each’ ever; reek day a6 8 te
________H. B. WALKER Trafic Manages.

Twin Screw Express and P: Services.

oadon, Paris pad " vung.

Cap Frio . Dec. 1, noon ‘Deutsehi dire 12, 10a.m

1Palyila .. Dec §. 6 am *Wald'rsee, D'e 15,11:30am
Zpress Steamers §={Passenger Steamers

‘or seilings, ete., apply to
Company's Office, 57 Brosdway Phone 1871 Broaa

WHITE STAR LINE
NEW YORK-QUEENSTOWN-—LIVERPOOL,
Oceanle, Nov.24,0 30 A.M. Teutoglc | Lee 5. noon
Cymric Dec, 4.2 P.M. Germanic. Dec. 12. noon

‘or passage, (reight end Wigiteers Tae

Pier 48. North River. Office, » Broadway. New York

CUNARD LINE wr oceecarosk,
Piers 81 and $2 North River

Campania .Dec 1, noon Lucania tee. 15, noon

truria Dee 4, 7A. Met miuria Wee kine A

ERNON H. BROWN & CO..Gen. Agts .20Broadway

, eat) LLOYD ST

 

 

 

AMSH]I

; PCO.
CST BxoRisa Ae nuungene mes
Gr. 2710A

=

AE, Pitocotnt oD

ent theleete
eels LA Paveiing “and heel ¢
en pete) fete ware

|

NEW YORK AND PORTO RICO STEAMSHIP CO. |

a  —

 

Ralironrie,

providing

  

eitholed tats
juing for ever
‘Pp rannael fae
tthout enang f
gad to retort ‘
thth, Path ete

  

oe ‘al
ow “
ow ienele pr
thetel eapenee ify
are ty California
Chotee at routes Thekete
fhe montha Ie jth Jan teth
O44 Po aed opeard

$ A combination land trp
' edie
Cuba-Florida y.).7.'. 0"!

 

  

   
 
 

 

 

    

tine Tampa and tr
rineipal reacrte of Florida together witha vt
talembracinag Hatana % nras All eepenere
Inelided Stopover privilemes dan bith t
Aoth, et 8°00 and upward, tocluding alletor
C b M ‘ Crates throught
wateracn the moe
UDa-MeXICO vir ae
Coatio. (nel ding Cute
Progresso, Yucatan, Campeche and the ancentcll «
of Measico dan. 12th, 26th, Feb. 16th Vill os
prnses, $425
E Holy Land js\"''«/
var for Rg. pt
gypt-Moly Land js. 4565
Syria with
visita to Smirna, Epheste. Constantinople, Creer:
ete. and including southern and eentral Foro. or

auch portion of thetour as may be desires ten
22d, etc., $1,825, Including every traveliingand hotel

expense

ee tour new possession
Hawaii-Japan +")... 9" "4

or seen separately

The voleanoe trip isinclhuded and the titherary thrneh
ihe

        

Japan is very complete hie quaintand tn
country will be seen during the season of the ery
blossoms and flowering sheite, when all lapat is
out of doots and many seetuded nooks and comers
will be visited Chinn ¢ niso be tne vided Veo
1vth, Mareh Oth and 7th, 6245 and upward
° Spectal vestiiuled trains Tanvuary
Mexico w Phebe: with din qvar see
vice, Interpreters, ete. otter nusual
facilities for travelling leisurely and
with every degree of comfort, andenatle the passen
ger \isitieans places of pleturesgie and Worie
Interest that would otherwise be thacesssli leon ae

countof the lack of sultable hotel aceomioocattons
Jan./0th, 24th, ete. $415, Including every travelling
and hotel expense

|

Natiroads,

Pennsylvania

RAILRNROAD.

 

 

 

    

 

 

ViIONS fetop Weer (OPN TY Thine ST ReRe
‘ + bap veare ANT) COM LAR IVT Arneere
to The te sing time from Meatrosse: and
Cortland: Streets te Ave minates taice than
that given betaw for Twenty third street mta~
tion eerept where atherwtee nated,
7B4 a PAST MALL. Limited to two Roftes
bartlortara New Dork to ittehura Sleeping (ar
Mittehure te Cbleagen No comches to Pittebore
WIRAW FAS) LINK Pithenurg and Cleveland
PRA WM PENNSYLVANIA LIMITED Pail.

man Compartment Sleeping, lining, Smoking and

Cihaervation Care PorChleago, Cleveland, loleda

Cincinnat), Indianapotia, Lovlavitie, St. Laute

CHICO \GO AND ST. LOUIS FAPRBSS

toledo, Nashetile Gta Cineinoatt and Loule

Indlanapolle, Chtesgo, St. boule

SAA WS! th IS PAVIESS — For Pittenurg

thos, [idlacanetia, Loulertitea, &&. Laouts.

4 WESTERN EN\VUHESS. —Por Chleaga

“do, except Saturday

~M PACIFIC PAVRESS.—Por Pitetwe
avd Chleawo. For Kooaviiie datty via Shennan
oonh Valley Houte Connects for Cleveland, ea
copt Saturday

98 PM. CLEVELAND AND CINCINNATI BX
VHESS. Por Pittehure, Cleveland, Cinetnnatl

WASHINGION AND THK SOUTH.

 

  

| FES ROO ROD, 110 COesbrosses and Cortland’
| Streets, JoO2 (ining Can 10.55 Catining Can
A. M., 12 8%, 2 lining Car 2.10 (Desbroseece
| end Cortlandt Streets, 220), (8:25 Congressional
| baat ail Varior and ining Cars), 3245, 425
| (Dining Can, 455 Cointing Car, #28 POM. 12:10
i "2 y S25, ASS loo (Dining Cary
| A. df ‘ iining ’ (6.25 Congire®
} »§ Liar ii Patior and ining Cars 328, 428
| ‘ ! Car doh (ining Con, #28 P.M. 12:10
test
1 SOL URE RN RAILWAY. —Bapress, 8:25, 4:23 P.M.
| 2 t, call
NORPFOL A AND WESTERN RAILWAY. —Foer
Memphis and New Orleans, 825 P.M. aally
ATLANTIC COAST LAN? bapress, 655 A. MO
and #25 P.M. dally

: Four tours to Porto iiieo on

Porto Rico the magnificent new stean
ers, the * Ponce or San |
Juan,” of the New York and |

Porto Rico Steamship Compan: A com prehensive
tour of our pew possessions Las been airinged. em

Dracing Its towns fortifications, battereds, sugar
and coffe pantations. drive over entir: lengty of
military road, ete. Stopower priviieees. Incividua

fiekets to ana torough Porto Rico Jan. fin, Feb Sth

16th etc, $199, Including ewery travelling end hotel

etpense
° Adapted for families,
Private ars conventions and hunting
parties, equipped with

private apartments with

and

 

wite beds and separate toilet arrangements ad

kitchen with experienced cooks and walters, and em

bodying every comfort and luxury, ean be furnished

ou short notice,

e Information. about re

Railroad an sorts and their hotels,

the best routes for reach

ing thm, ‘he
e ® railway

Steamship Tickets 5:33",

tlekets to ali

pats of the

world, and other needful information will be furnished

on application, Parlor, sleening car and sie teroom

eceommodations reserved Foreign Mone, Letters of
Credit Travellers’ Cheqies, ete

Cireulars on app teation
Raymond & Whitcomb
(Batallisihied i870),
TOURS AND TICKETS EVERYWHERE,
25 Union Square.

NEW YORK CENTRAL,

Trains arrive at and depart from Grand Central
Station, 42d St, New York, as follows
Leave New York. Arrive New York.

 

cost of |

*SOOA, M.. Syracuse Local. . 1625 P.M.
1830 A. M... Empire State Expreas.. .. 110.00 P.M,
45 A.M... Fast Mail.........°10.00 A. M,
10:30AM... Day Expresa....... 17.00 P.M,
11130 A.M... Rutland Express..... 1700 P, M.
*1.00P, M.. Southwestern Limited... 16.00 P.M.
2.00 PR M..N. Y, and Chieago Spectal.. °1.30 P.M,
+330 P. M.. Albany and Troy Flyer...¢il 10 A.M
3:35 P. M. Albany Special.... 12:07 PM,
e400 PR. M.. Detro{t Speetal.......91000 A, M.
5.30 P. M..The Lake Shore Limited... *6.50 P.M.
.30P, M.. St Louls Limtted.. 2:55 P.M.
6.00 P.M... Western Express. . 8:45 P.M
6:25 P. M.. Northern Express... . OF7:20 A, ML
°7:30 P. M. Adirondack & Montreal Ex, ° A. M
“1:00 P. M...Pan-American Eapress... *7 27... M
9:20 P. M..Bulfaly & S. W. Speeial. 800 A. M.
*9:30 P. M..... . Pacific Express... nay ALM.
g1210A. M... Midnight Express... 0°) 0 A. M.
*Daily, tDatly, except Sunday. Daily except |

Monday.
AARLEM DIVISION,

O12A. M.and3as P.M. Dally except Sunday to
Pittsfield: Sundays only at 9 20 A. M.
Pullman ears on all through trains.

Trains tluminated with Pintsch pig,

Ticket oMces at 115, 261, 415 and 1216 Broadwav:
25 Union Sq, W., 275 Columbus ave,, 135 W. 125th
St. Grand Gentral Station, 125th St Station and
134th St Station, New York; 534 and 726 Fulton
St. and 106 Broadway, E. D., Brooklyn,

‘Telephone “900 38th Street” for New York Central
Cab Services Bageace Groceed from hotel or resi-
dence by Westcott Expre mpany.

EDGAR VA? eeres “GEORGE if. DANIELS,
General Superintendent. General Passenger Agent

BALTIMORE & OHIO RAILROAD.

Leave NEW YORK CITY. Liberty St. South Ferry.
Chicago, Pittsburg . hae a.m.

   
 
 
  

 

 

Chicago, Pittsburg. net "2:10 ngt
Chicago, Columbus.. SO pm. © 1:25 pin. Diner.
Pittsburg, Cleveland. ’ .m. © 1:25 p.m. Diner.
“Pittsburg Limited’ 100 p. * 6:55 p.m. Buffet
Cineinnatt, St. Louis. $ *12:10 ngt.
Cincinnati, 8t. Louls ; -m. * 9:55 a.m, Diner,
Cincinnati, St. Louls..* 7:09 p.m. ° 6:55 p.m. Buffet
Norfolk... VAU ‘ au je RA ins: Diner.
e
Washingt Balto. wu a.m. RAIR a.m. Buffet
Washington, Balto 10:00 a.m. * 8 55 a.m, Diner.
Washington, Balto 11:89 a.m. °11:26 a.m. Diner.
Washington, Balto 190 p.m. 712:55 p.m. Diner.
Washington, Balto 1300.m * 1:25 p.m. Diner.
*Royasl Limited. 3.40pm. © 4:55 p.m. Diner.
Washington, Balto ...* 8:00 pm. * 4:55 p.m. Diner,
Washington. Baito.. 7:0 pm. * 6:55 p.m. Bulfet
*12:18 ngt. °12:10 ogt

Wesson: Ral ..
*Dally. thally, exeept Sunday,

{1
B. & 0. Eleetromobiie Service to and from trains
Offices: 113, 172, 261, 434, 1300 Broadway, 25
Union Square, W., 301 Grand Street, N. Y.: 543 Pul-
ton Street, Brooklyn; Whitehall Terminal and Liberty
Street. Haggage checked from hotei or residence to
@estination.

LEHIGH VALLEY.

Foot of West 2°4 A, Cortiandt and Desbvrosses Bta. By
(Veuna oR. Fer. ier)

*Daily.. ¢ixeept Sunday, Sunday changes: ¢ 12.25

PM. di2Pa es 15 AM. #158 AM. (645 AM.

vd"SM. xOISPM. v5iISPM 2755A)

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

WNYAITSY a
Faston Local. ... : ‘ UT Way Ww ax
Noffalo acd We tern Eo pres fey ldan *08..0 am
HEACK DIAROND BAPRESs MLAS ant F120
Mauch Cbuuk and Hagieton Loca) fell a pm did. tO py
Wilkes liane audrcran on Exp | of) 55 py) th 10 pe
Mauch Ch opk Local fyi. Pe) Cy) 2) pe
Chicago & Toronto Vestibulekap es 8 pul © 6.90 py
BANPUSITION EXPRESS ; ST Shyx) 85 00 por

Tihica, tottaio & Weatern ap
Trhnan Cars oo allex) rere tratce
$0 TLAINFIBLD & BOUND BROOK loee's, Ve

Goya, Ly. Wodtd 20,025 AOD, dit. 6.0 aod 95

Le. Cortl & Desh. Ste WAM. 4%, 62and9 a
Tickets and Pullman socommodations at iid gol, ae

A535. v4) and 1854 Broadway, 25 Union Square Wear, 45

Columbus Ave, NOY Se) Pulton ft, @ Court ot, os

Heoadway, and Ft, Fulton St, Hrooklya
+ Ph eneter Go. ileal tor and check baggage

from hore! or residence through (o destination.

ERIE RAILROAD.

Through taiis leave New York, foot of Chambers
et. as follows and 6 minutes earlier from W. 24d at,

8:00 a. m. Daily —Solid train for Butfalo arr. & p.m.
Linghampton, Waverly, Elmira and Bradford,
Coaches, parlor ear and cafe dining car to Bullalo.

2:30 p.m. Daily —Chicago limited —Fast Mail -
Solid train to Chicago, arriving 520 p, . Are.
Cleveland 7.494. m. Sleepers w Chicago, Cleveland,
Cineinnau. Dining car

9:30 p.m. Daily —Huffalo and Cleveland Express —
Arr, Dullalo 7.96, Bradford 7:20, Jamestown 7:00 and
Youngsiown 10:27 a. m.; Cleveland 12:30 p.m.
Sicepers to Buffalo and Cleveland, Cafe car

@:85 p. m Daily — Solid train for Binghamton,
Waverly, Elmira, Chicago. Sleepers two Buffalo,
Chicago, Cineinnat!. Dining car
pics ETS. LOCAL TIME CAKD AND PULLMAN

ACCOMMODATIONS at ill, 118 261, 491 and

@37 Hroadway, 156 bast 125th at. and 278 Weat 125th
et, Chambers and West 23d st. ferries, New York;
fi and 560 Fulton st., 98 roadway, Brooklyn; 122

CA Spe fh re

 

ML.
BA

   

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

iver st, Hobolen, and Jersey City station. New
ork ‘Transfer Co, calis for and chects baggage w
destination.

New York and Boston All Rail,

N. Y., N. IL & H. RoR. and connections
From Grand Central Station

 

   
   

 

Leove, By way of Due.
§4:00 A. M., Hartford and Willimantic, 200 P. M
9:04 A. M., Springfield and Worcester, 330 P. M.
10:00 A. BL, ft_New London and Providence, 300 P. M
10:02 A, M.,*New London and Providence, 4.30 E: M
12:00 M., Socinghe id and Woreester, 5.40 P.
1:00 P. M.,  Alr Line via Willimantic, 60 P.
iy . M.,*New London and Providence, 7.00 P. M.
c . M w London and Providener, 9.00 P. M.
4:00 it pringfheld and Worcester, 10:00 P. M.
f§ on P. ‘ew London and Providence,11.00 P. M.
$11:00 P. i! *Springreld and Worcester, 618 A. M.
12,00 P. .. "New London and Providenre,6 27 A. M.
Dally, includin unday, §Stops at 125th st,

tRay State Limfted. all parior cars, fare $7, includ
ing parlor car seat.
Ge rough parlor and sleeping cars by each train
Return service same hours and hy same routes.
Cc. T, HEMPSTEAD, Gen. Pass. Agent.

Lackawanna Railroad.

Stations in New York, fuot of Barclay and Curis

 

topher streets Leave. Arrive.
Groveland Mall..........., &000.m. 8 00p. m,
ackawanna Limited... .°10004.m. "£00p. m
vew York & Chicago Ea..... *1:00 p,m. 2:45 p.m
Mnghamton Ea... sees 400 Dom 1220p. m,
Chicago & HuffaloLim..... "610 p.m ‘7.300. m

Utica, Ithaca & Buffalo . “84d p Ti0a m

Syracuse, Buffalo & Chi, Ex.*1200 mdnt, "10306 m, |

sleepers open at@#30 P.M.

ekets and Pullman accom tions at 113, 429
roadway, 52 Lafayette Place, i
“Park Vince, 68 Bi arenge ‘olum bus avenue,

Oonpeny 4 chi
Bagcece © + =" w

CLUPSAPEAKE ANDOMLO RATLWAY.—8:53 A.M
and 455 1") M. daily
SFEABOAKD AIK LINE Express, 1255 P.M. and

20 uigut, daily
Fok OLD POINT COMPORT
THN ALM. week days and & 45
ATLANTIC CITY, -0.65 A.M
days. Througo Vestituled
Cats and Stat dard Coaches
CAI MAY 1255 0. M. week days
Vor points on New York and Long Branch Ratlroxd
(from West Twenty third Street Station), ASS A.M.

AND NORFOLK. =
i” M. dally

and 2.50 P.M. week
Trains, Bulfet Parte

 

 

 

WHO AM and 455 2M. Sundays, 0:25 A,
Mo. 455 0. M. (from Desbrosses and Cortlandt
Streets), 900 ALM. 1250, 840, and 5:10 PB. ML
Sundays: #45 A. M., Sto P.M.

FOR PHILADELPHIA,

6:10 (Deshrosses and Cortlandt Streets, 6.29%, 7 25,
TA. 82S, Bhd, #25 (95h Penna. Limited)! 1014
(Desbrosses and Cortlandt Streets, 1020) (uining

1155 A. M 1245,

  
 
  
   

Car), 1055 (Wining Car),

inink 1, 240 (Desbrosses and Cort:
landt) Streets, 226, 285, #25, 3.55, 425,
425 (Dining Car, 455 (Dining Can, 6:39 (Din-
ing Car. 7:55, & v25 PM, 1219
night Sundays, 6 | no coaches), 625, 8 55,

 

O55 (Limited), 0.55, 1065 (Dintng Car, A.M.
Me Lead ecor USS (Dining Car, 325,
425 (Dining Car, 454 «Dining Car), 58
Dining Car, 755, 8:26, 895,425 POM, 12:10 nlebs
Ticket ofives, Nos 461, 045, Tits, 1854, 111 and 240
Mroadway 1 Astor Hous’, West Twenty third Stren
Staton, and stations foot of Desbrosses and Cort.
landt Streets 4 Court Street, 860 Fulton Street, 08
! roadway and Penns. Ivania Annes Station, Brook.
Iyn. Station, Jersey Clty The New York Trans(+e
Company will eall for and check baggage from
hotels and residences through to destination,
Telepaone “wid Elehteenth Street” for Pennsylvants
Railroad Cab Serview
J.B HUTCHINSON, JR. Woon,
veveral Manager. Ceneral Pass'r Agent
11-25-19.

 

SOUTHERN RAILWA

FAST MAIL LINE SOUTH.

Leave New Vor Vennasivania Raitroad Statloy
D8d street. (Desbrosses and Cortlandt streets 5 mine
utes laters

. N.Y & FLA. EXPRESS—Pullmaa
3:25 P.M. Drawing Hoom Sleeping Cars, New

Datiy. York to Columbia, Savannah, Jacke
eonville, Port ‘lampa and Augusta

Diag Ca
vice Steamship connections for Key West an
favena,

° WASHINGTON AND CGHATTA.
3:25 P.M Sit LIMITED VIA LYNCH.
Dally. BURG AND BRISTOL—Pullman
Drawing Room Sleeping Cars New York to Roane
oke, Knoaville, Chattanooga, New Orleans and
Memphis. Dining Car Service.

WASHINGTON AND SOUTH.
4.25 PLM aA Polimes

Dally. Drawing Room | Sleeping Cate
New York to Atlanta, Macon, New Orleans, Bite
mingham, Menphis Asheville, Knoxville, Chate

tanooga and Nashville, Dining Car Serviee. Toure
ist Sleeping Car. Washington to San Franctsoo,
glends vs, Wednesdays ne Fridaxe. un
‘imited Annex Pullman Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars, New York to New Orleans, Tuesdays, Thurs
dave and Saturdays.
12:10 NIGHT. FAST MAIL—Pullman\ Buffet
. Sleeping Cara New York to Aw
Daily. _lanta, New Orleans, Savannah,
Jineksonville, Pla. Steamship connections for Nas
sau, Key West and Havana. Pipe Car Servi
SOl THERN RY. OFFICE, 1145 & 271 BROADWA
and all Pennsylvania R. RB. ticket offices.

CENTRAL B. R. OF NEW JERSEY

Anthracite coal used exctusi rely.

Four Tracks. “Filectro Pneumatic’ Signals.
Stations in New York, Liberty St. and South Perry.
Trains leave Liberty St. ag below (time from Souta

Ferry five minutes earlier except as noted.)

 

 

 

 

  

a aapcieiabeneaiely
| Week Days. | Sundays
Wiauch Chunk Local.....| 715@.% |.......0.6
N.Y. & Lone Branch RR.) &80a.m. | 0.008. m
Scranton & Reading.. | O108. mM [..eeeee ae
Lakewood & Toms River; 30:30. Mf... cease
Lakewood & barnegat. ...|..... [310:16 a.m
N.Y. &long Branch H.R.) 11.30am |.,...... °
Mauch Chunk & Heading.|.....0-.+.-e > 1:00 p. me
Wilkesbarre & Scranton.... 1.80 > m. te eeeeee
Lakewood, Barnegat &)
Atiantle City. ok) 91:45 P.M |. ceeevece
Lakewood & ATLANTIC
CITY Special... cove] SAO P. MM. |. ceveevece
Lakewood & Narnegat....., 1410p. m
Maueh Chunk & Heading. 440 p.m.
N.Y. & Long Hranch RR. 4.80 p.m
Lakewood Special. «+ 5:00 pm
Faston Local, ae 72:45 p. m
N.Y. & Long branch RLR. 76.23 p. m

 

ROYAL BLUE LINE.
FOK PHILADELPHIA.
$24.90, 97:30, 18:00, 7.00, 91000, *11:30 a. m., 91:00,
#y/n0, ¢ 4:00, *3:40, 14:00, §24.00, 14:30, °6:00, °7:00,
17.3). $0.09. 170.25 p. m., 12:15 mat
BALTINORE AND WASHINGTON,

 

14:30, 18.00, 10:00, 11:50 a om. 11:00, "13a
©3.40, °3:00, *7:00 p. m., 912:15 mat.
Offices: Liberty St. Ferry, South Ferry, 118, 172,

261, 434, 045, 1800, 1854 Broadway, 173 5th ay., 737
6th av., 25 Union Sq. West, 158 East 125th St, 278
West 135th St., 243 Columbus av., New York: 4 Court
st., 344, 660 Fulton st., Brooklyn: 05 Kroadway, WI'-
Hamsburg. New York Transfer Co. calis for and
checks baggage to destination.

tFrom Liberty St. only. ‘Daily Daily, except
Sunday. §Sundays only.

WEST SHORE RAILROAD. _

Trains eave Frank in St, Station, N.Y. as follow®
and 15 iin ites later foot West 42d St... N. R:

*?) A. M.- For interm, points to Albany & Mont'l,
912:20 A. M. (1) Lakes Mohonk, Minnewaska, Sate
toga. Catskill Mountains and Ute.,

1:00 P, Me raged gore © Dalty

«25 P) M.—Cont, Ltd for Detroit, Chie, & St. Louls,
48:45 P.M. (2) Por Hudson Kiver potnts to Albany,
*e15 P.M. Por Roch., Buffalo, Cleve, & Chicaga,
tho RP. M.--PFor Roch. Buffalo, Detrott & St. Louts,
#15 P. M.. For Syra,, Roch, wing F'ls, Det.& Chi,
"Dally, Dally, except Sunday. aaves brooklya

Annex, No.1 at 1045 A.M. 2at 2:4) P.M. Leaves
Jersey City P. R.R, Sta, No, 1 at 11.20 A. M..2 at
345P.M. Time tables at princtpal hotels and offices,
Baggage checked from hotes or residence by West
cott er grees,

Cc, b, LAMBERT, General Passenger Agent, N. Y,
A,

Steamboats.

 

Boston and New England Points,

VIA SOUND Linus,

FALL RIVER LENE, sia Newp tt and Fall Biver
—Deave Pier iv, N. 1K, foot of Warren st, week
days only at 5.00 P, MO Steamers: PHISCILLA
aud PURITAN. Orchestra on each

SEONINGTON INE, via Stonington -Leave
Pier 35, N. 1k, foot Spring st, week days only, at 6.00
PM Stes tichurd Peck and New Hampshire

ROKWICH LINE, via New London—leave
26, N. 14, foot of Spring st, week s only x 3
PM. Sts CITY OF LOWELL ond Cry oO
WORCESTER,

NEW HAVEN LINE, Leaves Pier 25, F. R., foot af
Peck Slip, week days only, at 3:00 P. M., Steamer
CHESTER W. CHAWVIN,

Cc. TO '
Reliable 2, PR QNDE CE

bast Tim, Large & Favorite Str, Rhode Isla:
Tucadays, Thursdays and Saturdays from Pie "\
North River, foot of Spriug st, New York,at $:00 P.
‘Tickets and rooms may be obtained at Pier 36, a
On steamer on Salling days enly.

$2.00 TO BOSTON

VIA THE JOY LINEANDN.Y. 8.0. 40.8.8,
$1.00 TO PROVIDENCE. ROUND TRIP. $1 60.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,6 P M,

Pier 35, East River, foot of Catharine street looms

reserved i advance. Telephone, 2627 Frankia.

Albany Evening Line

Steamers ADIKONDACK or DEAN RICHMUND
leave Fier 32, N. R., foot Canal St,at 6P M. dally
(ouadayn exconsed). conneciilug with express walag
North, Eastand Weat esl

CENTRAL HUDRON BOATS. From Pier 26
ci0s R.. foot reais Bt. wu wen é
ngston and Poughkeepsie Lines— Week da
exceppaaturday, 4PM. Sataniay. 1PM. "
Newbargh oes pally, except Sunday, 6 P.M
Sunday, M. 120th St... 930A, M.

ROY BOATS leave West 10th st. dally, 6 P.M. em
cept Saturday Sundey steamers touch at Albany,
ne me oe

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vroposais.

FoR! MONHOE AKSENAL, Va. Nov. 5, 10@--
Sealed proposais, in duplicate. will be received
here ustih?2 P.M. Now 27, 1800. tor purchase of con-
demned ordnance and ordnance stores, inciuding cao
Bon, projectiies small arms, amnmuntiton, ie phot
pace can he had on application te We &
Ord. Dept., Comdg, -— oo

 

—