ene ee

  

-

—_—

5a

ere

 

—_ ~

 

 

The Ts Sun. |

MUNDAY, SOVE MIR 25, ree
Subscriptions by Wall voupild

DAINTY pee M anno
DAILY. per Year anon
AU NDAY, per Sear ao
PAILY AND "\ per Vent aoo
DAILY ANT SUAY, per M yy a0

Postage bo foreldn ecut . a

wes New York City

PAnie. Klosoue pest Grand Hotel, end
Kloaque No Houleward des Capucine®

rt our frtende who farer unt th manuaerripae for
publication wih fo hare Fell telarticen returned, (Mey
mest in as gases send stamps for that purpose. }

rhirty-five Thousand Dollars for Our |
Ambassadors

The Washington Timea regards aa a great
evil the frequency with which our Governe |
ment changes its Ambassadors and Min-
{sters at many of the European capitals,
For example

In the short space of the Meh iniey Adm!'n'stra-
tlon we have Lad two Ministers to Spain, two to Bel
gium, two to Austria, two Ambassadors to Eng
land, two to italy and two to Russia Now {tts an
nounced that both the Ambassador at St. Petersburg
andthe Minister at \iennatntend to resign and make
a third appointment necessary at each court.”

In several of these cases the reason for
the change was accidental and not inet-
dental to the system of rotation which our
esteemed contemporary deplores. “ This
system,” says the Timea, “is as wrong asthe
remedy is simple. Banish ward politics
and the reform would be complete.”

This does not seem quite philosophical, |
If by “ ward politics ” the Times means the
use of {mportant foreign missions as a re-
ward for conspicuous partisan activity,
the facts hardly bear out the charge. It ts
particularly untrue of President McKIn- |
LEY’s Administration. His diplomatic ap- |
potntments, as a rule, have been highly |
satisfactory.

If there ia any trouble about getting
and keeping the right sort of men to repre- |
sent this country at the principal centres
of diplomatio interest abroad, the fault
does not lie with the President, as the
Washington Times assumes, but mainly
with Congress.

For yeara the annual Diplomatio and
Consular Appropriation bill has attached
ridiculously inadequate compensation to
the various stations. The consequence
is that to ask an American citizen to go to
represent his country at London, Paris,
Berlin, St. Petersburg, Vienna or Rome ts
to ask him to make a pecuniary sacrifice. |
If his pockets happen to be as full as his
brains, perhaps he can accept with Justice

to himself and his family. In many in- |
stances @ man of the right sort re
|
|

ean't afford to go; or if he goes, he can't
afford to stay long

The reform will come when there arlaes
in the Senate or House some legislator
who has an fnclination to tell the plain
truth about the inadequacy of our Am-
bassadors’ and Ministers’ salaries; and
when Congress itself accumulates sufficient
moral courage to tnerease these salaries
all around, and at least to double several of
them that are now the largest.

‘Two Notable Water Cases.

On Tuesday last the Court of Appeals at
Albany handed down a decision affirming
the judgment of the Appellate Division
ot the Supreme Court in the Second Judicial
Department in the case of BENJaMIN F,
ForneL. against the city of New York,

‘This decision has excited unnecessary
anxiety, not to say alarm, among our good
neighbors in the borough of Brooklyn, |
Surely there is nothing etartling, to |
persons familiar with the principles of |
American Constitutional law, in the propo- |
sition that even a great city may not take
away a man's private property without |
paving for it.

Forbert. was the owner of lands in Queens |
county upon which he raised valuable
crops. The city of Brooklyn established,
and its successor, the city of New York,
now maintains, a number of driven wells
and a pumping station at Spring Creek,
near his property, by means of which from |
three to ten millions of gallons of water
are obtained daily for the use of the tn-
habitants of this municipality. The land
occupled by the city at this locality for its
driven weils and pumping station ts only
two acres in extent, but, in order to procure
this enormous quantity of water there
brought to the surface, ita wells and pumps
draw to that station the percolating waters
under an area variously estimated by ex-
pert witnesses at from five to eleven square
miles. The effect upon FORBELL's farm
was to lower the underground water level
on it from ten to fifteen feet and prevent
him from raising those crops to which tt
had previously been adapted and which
he found it very profitable to raise,

Upon proof of these facta in a suit brought
by FORBELL against the city of New York |
for an injunction and damages for the loss
of crops occasioned by drying up his land, |
Judge Wrumot M. SaitH of the Supreme |
Court {n the Second District held that the
underground water on the plaintiff's prop-
erty was a part of his land which the city |
had no right to take without paying for it, i
and gave him judgment for damages in
the sum of $6,000.

This Judgment was sustained on appeal
to the Brooklyn Appellate Division, tn a |
clear, logical and able opinion by Judge |
Epwarp W. Hatcn of Buffalo. who has |

|

egies ataemcentceneaes

recently been transferred by the Governor

to the Appellate Division tn the county of

New York. Many of the questions in- |
volved in the case had previously been

considered by him in writing for the same

court in a similar snit arising in Queens

county, entitied SMITH against the City |
of Brooklyn, which also went to the Court
of Appeals, where the judgment in favor
of the plaintiff was affirmed in October
of last year. The difference be ween the
Smith case and the borbell case was simply

this: the former related to the diversion

and diminution of a stream flowing tn a

well-defl ed channel, while the latter re-

lated to the abstraction of Peroolating
waters from the plainti?’s land near the

pumping station of the city.

In neither of these cases do the courts
deny to a landowner the right to the fullest
beneficial enjoyment of his own land, even
{f such use of it does divert or absorb the
percolating waters under the land of his |
neighbor, where the land te devoted to
‘the ordinary purposes of agroanene |
mining, domestio use or {mprovement,
either public or private.” If atarmer |
for example, {n digging a well on his farm
to supply water for his stock, abstracta |
subterranean percolating water from the
farm of an adjoining owner, the law Rives
the latter no right to recover damages on

(of Senator Hoar of Massachusetts,

| study and love of genuine literature,

aceount of the divereton
f New York devoted the tw
fowne at the Soring Creek pruomping ata

thon tte Cees

acres which

ninty te any of the ses to

whith land ia ordinarite auoled, Ponnrnt

uld bave bead tee legal ‘inn genre
the city. now rhown hits tee of ite
wr olen’ intured bia lowerina the
subterranean water leveloan t property
Whay however the «it pies and
mip ite (Wo nerves aolely t riw Water
ror: adjoining lanita for the 4 pose of
making sale of lh water mnnected
niirely from the wee of the land for any
other obleet it may not do thie to the ine

iry of the land of neighboring proprietor |

without making compensation for @ueh |
injury

Pid is the sum and substance of the
' final adjudication in what may well be

regarded as two of the most Important
cases decided in recent yeara by our court
of last resort, ‘The broad principles upon
whieh the decision reata were first fully

stated by Mr. Justice Haren, in the court

| of intermediate appeal; while the doctrine

which can now be deemed established is ad-
mirably set forth by Judge Lanpon inthe
opinion of the Court of Appeals, where
he says:

“In the absence of contract or enactment, what-
ever it is reasonalie for the owner to do with his sub
surface water, regard being had to the definite rights |
of others, he may do. He may make the most of it
that be reasonably can. It ts not unreasonabie, so
far as It la now apparent to us, that he should dig
wells and take therefrom all the water that he needs
tn order to the fullest enjoyment and usefulness of
his land, as land, either for the purposes of pleasure,
abode, productiveness of eoll, trade, manufacture, |
or for whatever else the land, as land, may serve.
Tie may consume it, but must oot discharge it to the
Injury of others.

“Butto ftitup with wells and pumps of such per-
vasive aud potential reach that from thetr base the |
defendant can tap the water stored In the plaints
land, and In ail the region thereabout, and lead It to |
bis own land, and by merchandizing tt prevent its
return, ts, however, reasonatic as it may appear to |
the defendant and !ts customers, unreasonable as
to the plaintif? and the others whose lands are thus
clandestinely sapped, and their value impalred.”

That no such dire results will flow from
this decision as some alarmists have pre-
dicted is made manifest at the close of the
opinion in these words:

" We recognize the fact that the water supply of a |
great city is of vastly more importance than the celery
and watercresses of which the plaintif's land was so |
productive before the defendant encroached upon his |
water supply. But the defendant can employ the .
tight of eniinent domain and thus provide Its people
with water without Injustice to the plainti.”

granted, the judgment will doubtioss post |
pone the operation of the restraining order
until the law offleers of te city have,
an opportunity to {natitute condemnation
proceedings or pay the tnjured landowner
for the property rights of which he has been
deprived. This is the method which haa |
been pursued in the elevated railroad |
damage suits in this city, and there ts no
reason to believe that the courte would |
be leas indulgent toward the municipal
government, acting in good faith, than
they have been toward the elevated rail- |

'

!
Where injunctions against the city are |
|

road corporations.

It must also be remembered that the
rule of law laid down in these decisions
has beon declared only in cases of clear
legal right where the injury to the property
owner haa been established by ample proof,
and that there ts little danger that any
claims will be recognized except those of
an equally cogent character.

 

What's the Matter With Our Young
Writers?

We print on another page of this paper
a discussion by Prof. Gotpwin SmitH of
the subject of the increasing tendency to
suicide in contemporary civilization. Apart
altogether from the merits of tts argument, ;
which we shall not now discuss, it is well |

worth reading as an exainple of the chaste |
and lucid English style of which the author
isso delightful a master; for to that rather
than to them we shall now refer

Facility in writing, {n literary expression,
was never so general as {t ts in these days,
yet of style having the quality of distinction
we discover so little among the newer and
younger school of writers that we are in-
clined to think that there is now less of it
than there was at the period when men
like Prof. GoLDWIN SMITH were first win-
ning their spurs in the literary arena. To
find it must we not look to an older school,
now, alas! too rapidly passing away? It
is a luxury to read even a casial speech
for
instance, so mellow is it with the tone of
a mind beautifully moulded by nature and |
refined and developed by reflection and
But
Mr. GoLDWIN Sit is now in the seventy-
eighth year of his agea d Mr. Hoar in his

| seventy-fifty year.

This clarity, this perspicuity, this grace
and this charm, this richness of style are, of
course, characteristics as peculiar to the
writer who can wield it as are his physical
features; and style accordingly, to deserve to
be called style, must be the natural and in- |
diviiual expression of the man exhibiting
it, It cannot be borrowed or purloined any

| more than by thought a cubit can ba

added to the stature; it must be a quality
native to the man; a talent, which, pos-
sessing by the gift of Gop, he may increase

| by use and cultivation, and lise the un-

faithful servant make profitless by dis-
use until it becomes atrophied,

That primary possession ts indispensable
to give . writer a place in true and genuine
and artistic literature. Writing with-
out it is no more literature than {s a com-
mercial! letter. It may be correct in Eng-
lish, full of the indications of study and |
knowledge, sound in its argument and
unimpeachable tn its fidelity to logic and
rhetorical rule, but failing in that quality,

a gift of the partial gods, it belongs
only in the saw dust of literature, along
with scientific treatises, commentaries,
law books and Congressional documents.
Nor has this literary deeadence = for
such it is, the excuse that it is the natural
consequence of a simultaneous degra. |

dation of literary taste in the public, so !
that nothing better would “ sell." The
demand for the old and true art ia «til!
persistent and is increasing in this genera-
tion; its distinction is recognised and en-
joyed. But the circle of readers has ex-
panded so enormously, The appetitie for
reading has become so pervasive that
even spurious art is also gobbled up by
{t in its greed.

Now, the books which our younger gen-
eration of writers are producing so pro-
{fically seem to us to belong almost wholly
to this saw-dust heap: and we do not refer
to obscure writers, but to those who are |
most successful in turning out books, novels |
more especially, which sell by many more |
thousands than ever did in the past the;
productions of the truest and most indisput. |
able literary genius. Scort, THACKERar,
Coorgm and Hawrmoans never wrote
novels which were sold in editions ap-

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.

thousand of copies of current novela now
demanded within « few waeka of their
mblbeation

Of the novela of our new Amerioan school
Which have wreatest in their
hiatritvation only one or two

heen
Weean reca
othe most, which have thie quality of
dietinetion. Generally they ahow
the ekill of the clever book manu
Their people are real ane
are lay flaures Ther
stvle cannot be ealled bad, but it
) poor and cheap with no genuine literary
Navor  Unlettered correspondents of THe

literary
only
facturer not

vital, they only

iterary

SUN write better, but afterall, inthat come |

parison we are measuring them by a pretty
high literary standard, so far as concerns
natural expression

What is the trouble? [a there some-
thing wrong with the newfangled system
of “university education we have been
developing in this country during this
weneration? Or is it that distinction is
departing from the world at this period, or,
at least, is leaving literature to take up its
abode in the minds now distinguishing

; themselves in the initiation and generalship

of great material enterprises

Is There a Plot to Dismember China?

The real intentions of Governments,
as of individuals, must be deduced, not
from their professions, but from the olt-
vious and inevitable consequences of their
acts. Tried by this test, can the demands
which seem likely to be pressed upon China
by certain powers have any other purpose
Uhan the partition of that country?

" Qui veut la dn veut les moyens.” He
wh» honest! desires a particular result
will adopt the measures which alone will
assure it, Jf all the powers which have
announced a determination to reepect

China's present administrative system and |

to oppose any further mutilation of her
territory are sincere, what course will
they pursue? There {is but one.
course may be regarded in two aspects,
aid, from ether point of view, it may be
defined in a few words. In the first place,
a foreign Government truly desirous of
justifying ita professions with reference
to China’s independence and territorial
integrity will not exact from the Empress
Regent, the recognized active head of
China's administration, the performance
of acts upon which she could not venture
under existing circumstances without risk-
ing the loss of her liberty, if not her life.
The treaty powers have a right to ask
that the Empreas Regent shali bring forth
fruits meet for repentance; but they cannot
reasonably wish to drive her to despera-
tion. A demand for the deposition and
imprisonment of the Empress Regent,
or even for the immediate execution of
officials in whose custody and control

she now 1s, would almost certainly pro- .
against the |

voke @ declaration of war
allied powers on the part of the Chinese

' Imperial authorities. All the rights and

privileges heretofore secured by treaties
would then instantly lapse, and the allied
powers would find themselves involved

in an interminable struggle with the whole |

might of the Middle Kingdom, a struggle
in which the Viceroys of the vast Yanytse

| basin would be necessarily arrayed against

the foreigners.

So protracted and so burdensome would
be the resulting contest that, even should
the powers emerge from it triumphant,

they would have to oontent themselves |

with territorial {ndemnities for their sac-
rifices, because adequate compensation
would be unattainable in any other form.
If the treaty powers shrink from facing
such a catastrophic alternative, if they
truly desire the maintenance of relations

| ostensibly paciflo with the Chinese Im- |

peria! authorities and a quick restoration

| of tranquillity and order in the Celestial

Empire, their demand for the immediate
exercise of punitive functions by the Em-
press Regent will not transcend certain
reasonable limits, to be fixed by an appre-
ciation of the difficult conditions under
which she herself must just now act,
Another touchstone of sincerity will
be applied when the aggregate of the
pecuniary indemnity to be required from
China shall be agreed upon, Should the
total amount reach any such sumas $600,-
000,000, the demand will be tantamount to an
admission that no money is really expected,
and that, in lieu thereof, territorial indem-
nity will be accepted. In her present
circumstances, China could not possibly

borrow $600,000,000. The interest and sink- |

ing fund which such a loan would call for
could not be furnished, unless the present
customs duties and the likin, or inland

transit dues, should be not only signally |

increased, but also placed under the ex-
clusive control of foreign tax collectors,
backed by foreign means of coercion; it
being, of course, understood that each

tax collector would act within his own |

country’s sphere of influence In other
words, China would have to be placed in

the hands of a number of receivers, whose |

interests would be, by no means, at all
times one and the same. It is certain that
the Chinese Government and people would
never submit to such a fiscal yoke, except
aa the exhausted victims of a long and dis-
astrous war, Nor could we blame them for
preferring to die fighting, rather than to
perish tamely by an act of suicide, It
would be as patent to the Chinese, as it is

‘to clear-sighted onlookers, that the dele-

gation of exclusive fiscal control over a
great province would prove, in point of
fact, equivalent to @ surrender of that
province

We cannot, then, avoid the conclusion |

that those powers which seem to con-

template excessive and inordinate demands

in the way of pecuniary Indemnities are
secretly prompted by motives irreconcil-
able with their alleged desire to leave in-

tact China's territory and present adminis- |

trative structure, and to hasten the return
of tranquillity and order

Which are the powers whose proceedings |

are causing their intentions to be suspected?
We can arrive at their names by the process
of cancellation Assuredly, the United

States, so far as we can judge from the!

published instructions sent to our Minister

at Pein by the State Departm nt, have |

evinced no disposition unduly to embarrasa
the Empress Regent or to make exorbitant
pecuniary exactions. The same thing may
he said of Russia and Japan; and wedo not
doubt that M. Deneass# will eventually

| follow the course adopted at St. Peters.

burg. There remain to be considered
only Great Britain and Germany, for these
powera can depend upon the adherence
of Austria and Italy.

Ostensibly, the Anglo-German agree-
ment binds the contracting parties to
oppose a diamemberment of China; but
what does the pledge amount to if the
vindictive demands nressed by these powers
upon the Empresas Regent can, manifestly,
lead nowhere except to the partition of the

This |

je Department, ts

German Minister: at Pekin
the firet to recognize the Linpresa Dowager

we the active ruler of the Linjare after the

coup détat of eptember, sus, and their
act haa never aince been dieavowed, yet
they are now prewelog demanda tipon her
which aha cannet @grant without rleking
her head, and are «ald to be con
fomplating a huge peeuntary indeninity
which never will and never can be paid by
China so long aa ehe retaing administrative
Inclependenr “,

they

 

Trinity College,

the opening of Trinity College, Wash-
ington, by the Sisters of Notre Dame de
Namur ts an educational event of impor-
tance and interest, in that it ia the first
Catholic institution in America for the higher
education of women, it is not the wont
of the Roman Catholio Church to build
| without counting the cost, and the three
| years’ work which have ended with the
opening of the college undoubtedly have
shown that the enterprise is justified and
that it may be conducted successfully,
it is to be for oman Catholic women what
the Catholic University {# for men, and
opens with a “ freshinan class” of seven-
teen, chosen from one hundred and fifty
| applicanta, which will become the sopho-
| more class next year, the college growing
from the bottom rather than from the top,
| The system of atudy adopted by the col-
) lege is partly elective, and partly pre-
| scribed. In the freshman year al) the
; studies are prescribed, Under religion,

 

there will be courses on the Bible, doctrine
philosophy comprises phil-
osophy and logic; history will comprise
! ancient and modern history; there will
be courses in Latin and Greek, and in many
modern languages, including English,
modified for those who passed entrance
examinations {n some languages and not
in others; and mathematics wil) not be
overlooked.

Under the care of the Sisters of Notre
Dame it is to be expected that the refines
ments of life which have made the various
convent schools so attractive to many
parents will not be wanting at Trinity
| College; but the institution will not be a
“ finishing school "in any respect. It will
be for Roman Catholic women, when its
founders’ intentions are carried out, what
| Bryn Mawr, Radcliffe, Vassar, Wellesley
| and other women's colleges are to non-
Catholics,

In view of the famous Italian women
who obtained for themselves centuries
ago what for the time was the higher edu-
cation it is rather noticeable that Trinity
is the first Roman Catholio college for
women {in this country founded to give that
education, Mania AGNESI, who taught
mathematics at Bologna @ hundred and
fifty years ago, is a shining example to her
co-religionists, and to her sex. Before
her time, in the same university, as well
; as in other universities, there were women
professors of mathematics and of medicine.
Trotuna taught medicine tn Salerno eight
hundred years ago; and Bologna, Padua
and Pavia had women professors tn the
days of their greatest fame. Now Trinity
College opens. Success to it.

and liturgy;

One of the oldest of the New Yor city
ordinances, long in force and not often
/ successfully violated, provides that no
person shall hang or suspend, at any
greater distance than three feet, in front
of any house or store, any flag, transpa-
rency, or advertisement. The ordinance
provides a penalty.

It has long been customary, during the
closing weeks of each political campaign,
to suspend for a specified period the en-
| forcement of this ordinance in order to

permit the display of flags, banners and
' transparencies to beremoved after election
day. No serious or permanent harm
comes from this practice, and there is no
disfigurement of New York's thoroughfares
in consequence, Manhattan enjoys, by
reason of many and persistent efforts
made during many years, the somewhat
peculiar distinction among American cities
of offending little against sightliness in
this respect.
removed and the wires have been put
under ground. The subsijtution of a few
ornamental lampposts for many smaller
ones has disencumbered the eldewalks,
and the general absence, below 125th street,
| of overhead trolley posta has counted
against the eurn total of ugliness

Recently Mr. W. F. Mackey, former
Senator from Erie, has been in town in
company with one of the Buffalo Aldermen
, attempting to secure the cooperation of
the Mayor tn a project to string across
our streets banners intended as advertise.
ments of the Pan-American Exposition
which will open in Buffalo next May. An
effort is to be made to induce the Municipal
Assembly to permit the disregard of the
existing ordinance on that account,

There are mauy ways in which the Buf-
falo Exposition could be advertised mora
effective'y in New York. The suspension
in this case of one of the safeguards esta)-

|
|
|
\
| Pan-American Banners in Broadway.
|
{
j

lished for the protection of New York |

streets would make easier hereafter other
| violations of a useful and proper ordinance
and would be decidedly a step backward,

(

| ‘The South has Justas much right to pass an educa

| Honal qualification as Massachusetts and Connect-
cul-—Mempris Commerctal Arpeal

Undouttedly, nor is there any critictam of
Southern States for requiring an educitional
qnaiification or any denial of their Con-titu-
| tioval :teht to requireit. Ifthey should do as
Conneetiout and Mae achusetts have done, that
ts, exclude from th: 8 ffrace ali who cannot
read, they would be s'rietly within their Conati-
tutional rights and would not effend against
Justice and civilization. The eriticism of South-
ern States, as this Memphis paper well knows,
is simply that they have defiled the Constiution
and put a premium on their white iliiteracy, «l-
ready grea’ pro’ ortionately to the rest of the
Union, by excluding negro iterates only. Such
a proceeding is unconstitutional

W ile there may be differences of opinion aa
to whether it was wise from the strictly Cuban
standpoint for the Cuban Consti utional Cone
vention to decide to make its Reasions pul tic,
there can be no doubtthat it willbe of sdvay-
tage tootbhersin that it will help to throw light on
the capacity of the Cubans for self-government
‘The attitude of this body of represen ative
Cubans toward broad questions of Conatitu-
tonal liber y, as revealed from day to day in
debate, will pro aiv indicate, bett r than any-
thing that has occurred since the rev Jution
was ended, the qualifications of the educated
people of the island not only for self-control
. but also for the contrel of others

To the report on the Cuban census, made br
Gen, BANGER and published recently by the
prefixed a brief but

coniprehensive history of Cuba, the authorship

of which ts not disco ord. Therein occurs a
, etatement which requires comment. In relating
| the events of the Spanish war the author says:

“ On the morning of July 8 (1808) the Spanish

Geet. under Admiral) Cunvana, attempted to em

 

| should appear (na Governm

 

intercepted by the American Meetunder Capt
Witttaw T Saursow ard totilly deatr: ed

Tie Ameren under cant

MaMranew tt w uw Ale ital Sampras
Cire April mmont
of the Amer
from the ae

flat we net
under Me
108, Capt MAMPaoN, ne
ean fleet, p catced thie telegram
retary of the Nawy

ed te eo snd of the tT niied States

erank of

Vou are meer
foreevon the N
Hear Admiral
medlatel

rth Atlantic etathen with

Hoist the fag of a Hear Admiral im

Admiral SAMPaoN holetead the fugof a Rear
Admitalon April 2?, and did net haul it down
UNH Oot 14, 1908) Tt le not becoming that auch
a statement as la in the eens report
hion

regee
t putbdic
—_—_—_—————

THR LATR Ciel, NARS ELeN.

More About the Man Who Helped to Lift the
Hoodoo Krom the Texas,

To THe Eptton or Tae SUN Sir) A member
of the New York Naval Militia in @ communl-
oationto THe Sun on Nov 22. ashe “Did not
Admiral Philip, when oongratulated on lifting
the ‘hood>o' from tie Texas insist that Mr
Haeselor d served more tan half the credit?”

Hledid. And further than that h> tld Lieut.
Haeseler: ‘I could not «ay or do enough to re-
Pay you for what you have done for me did I
live for ages.”

Not only Admiral Phillp appreciated what he
did, but every one appreciated it, from Secre-
tary Long, who wrote him @ personal letter of
congratulation, down to the Jackies who come
bined and presented him with a magnificent
gold watch and chain before he was detached

from the ‘lexas, jJu«t after the war Lieut,
Hiaeeeler had many tokens of the recard an
adiniration of his superiors in the service, tur
t ere was nothing of which he was so proud as
the jack es @ift to him

Lieut. Haeseler leaves not only a ho-tof sin-
cere trie ds who will never cea-eto mourn his
lows, but@ record for cever v ork in ordnance
that has rhaps lever been surpasse i | pone
mon, His latest achievement was th: invention
of anew breech block and mechanism which fs
oonoded by experts to be the wreatest th ng in
modernordn ince combining simplicity. which ts
th main characteristic of all his inv ntions,
with strength, rapidity and small cost of pro-
duction in con parison wit) other bloc s and
mechanisms nowt): use | have heard Lieut
Hiesvler sa: he thoug)t he should name the
desien the “Rooseveit Plug," as it was some-
thing Roosev t, while Ass stant Secretary of
the Navy, said to him about its being too bad
We had to so to Engiandto buy our best pluses
and machaoisms, that started him thinking
avout designi g one.
Lieut. Haeselor was never so happy as when
“he wa in jumper and overalls ind in comp: ny
with his machi ista, crowbara, &c.,"’ ond it. has
beens id of him that no man could find a fau.t
and apply the right remedy se quickly

NeW YORK, Nov. 23, ANOTHER ADMIRER.

To THe Epitorn oF THe Scn—Sir; A pum-
ber of civilian friends and admirers of the late

| Lieut. Frane 4 J. Hiesler, U.S. N., who died of

typhoid fever at te Brooklyn Naval Hospital
on Nov. 20, have expres-ed a desire to perpetu-
ate, ingome lusting form, bis memory as @ gen-
tleman, a naval officer and an engineer of great
ability. It has been sugge ted that such a trib-
ute should take the form of a monument to be
erected either on the grounds of the Naval

Academy at Annepoits, or over hi grave in the
Nav.l Academy Cemet ry at Annapo.ts

Niturally, hs cla smateso the far ous class
of ‘soatthe Navel Acaderny would want to be
the fl «t to contribute te suc a tok n of respect
andesteem ond, of course, the matter should
be placed Inthe hands of ow of his titimate
naval friends — 1, therefore, bee to sugg v*t
that Dr Lous Dunein, 71 Broadway, New York
city, who wa- very intimitely associated with
Lieut. Haeseler dur ng he life, be requested to
act as chairmanofa committee to provide a
monument Oo Dp rpetuate his memory

NEW YORK, Nov 24. A FRIEND oF His.

Church and State tn France.

To THE Eprtor oF THB Sun—Sir: [uv refer-
ence tu thaarticle, “The Approaching Contest
Between Church and State in Franoe,” in last
Sunday's ntimber of your piper, permit me
to suggest what may be the causes of the
presen! status. First, the loose, unedifying
Ives of the priests and Bishops who are cringing
creatures’ of the Government, Second, the
tendency toward relic and saint worship.

Throughout! atin Europe, expecially during
the past twenty-five years, numerous false gods
have arisen—areifc and saint worship more de

| grading and fanatical than the pagan god wor-

Telegraph poles have been |

| selves to this adoration are

| by schedule

ship of early Rome

Every hondet hes its local saint, whose de-
ca’ ing bones sre encased tn richly ornamented
reliquaries and mounted high on altars where,
surrounded by hund-eds of lighted tapers, they
are worshipped by gnorant Catho ics.

‘Ihe tabernacle wherein, as Catholics are

!
Ho if the elfy nronehing In magnitude the hundreds of Middle Kingdom? The late Britieh and cape from the harbor fof Mantiqge), but waa |
were amnona

he CURmAY CHaVava,

fy the cenmie taken Inet year the populs
ton of Cuba te placed at 1,472,707, 9 decease
af 68,400 in (he twelwe yeare aince the leat ter
vious cones wee taken The proces of taking
the ceneua was interesting, and ta eet forth i
(Hien Bangers report to the War Departmen:
dated Ave iof thie year Tt wae decided
by the Seoretary of War that, aa the cones
wae for the (Coban primarily, they thetneel. oe
should take it under competent muidance
eo that oa tien Sanger pointa out, It ie a cone
of Cuba by the Cubans There may be defects
in it, bot it opinion of the people
Cubs and of the expert «tatieticiane who have
anal zing the Maures that they bear the
lopress of honest work

It Was necessary to educate almost the er
corps of officials The supervisors of the aie
provinces were brought to Washington and
inatructed for a week in the work whioh they
were to manage On thelr return they ine
stricted their deputies and selected enumera-
tors, who ip turn Insiructed the others The
census was taken very rapidiy, Gen. Sager

Is the

been

tire

| saya it compares favorably with our own census

di |

ee

taught, Jesus Christ is ab ding in ‘he Holy Eu-e |

ec arist, ts lonely and d solate—the dust and
cobwebs are often permitied to gather about
it; Christ is forgott n even as in Gethsemane—
no one can be found to pray with Him. Iknow
that I may be told these ignorant people
do not vorshin, but only vener te, | the
bones and \inawes of the saints, A nice theo
logical distinction! Wirtually the sane thing.
Itma tea pled to the pravers offered bya
theo ovian or an ascetic, butisqu tei a +l cable

to tho-e «ff red by the majori:y o° Catholics ins!

southern kurope who privy to these bones and
images with atrue wor hip, forgetful of Christ,
even as we are growing here, forgetful of @
Savour whoss heart i burning to
them dra: near to the t_ bernacla and
speak to Him “Com:to me,” He says, “when
you are burth ned and he vi v laden and Iwill
refrehyou.” This is the invitation, and how
very few vou wil notice abroad heeding it?
And how very feweven here profit by it? Do we
potsee them preferring the shrnes and. the
relies to the tabernacic? We have reasons to fear,
owing to ths great) influx of fore gn emi-
g ationtoour shores durlug recont vears and
the catering to ther reiic-wor-h’p tas'e, that
twenty-five vears tence may find us forg t-
ful of Christ worship

Every intetligent Catholic hailed with delight
the sia ificant move m dea few weeks ogo bv
the Right Rew Archbishop of this diocese. It
wasarmany, firm tev in the right directon,
Trefer to the deposition ef worship to one of
the many arms of St. Anne in the French
Chureh of St, Jean Baptiste in bast Seventy.
sixthstreet. Itwasof or 'znorigin, but found
soll here, which, while remunerative, was vet
vneongenial. intts rlace we have substit ted the
worship o Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacra.
ren, Priesta who especialy devote them-
how in charge ofihe
abeve chureh, and mav weno! hop: th t their
pravers will be ceepted as a reperetion for
many ‘ears o' neglect? A CATHOLIC.

New York, Nov. 18

The Fighting Red Cross Men,

To THE Eprronk oF THE SUN-—St:
recent Issue of THE SUN appeared a letter by an
inglish sympathizer, in which those Irish boys who
had retur: ed from the Boer war were called oath-
brenkersand deemed unworthy of any true Amer-
fean's notice. For his benefit and the benefit of all
other English sympathizers, I wish to say a few
words, Lam notin possession of all the facts con-
nected with the case In question, nor do I consider tt
necessary to be Ll will adinlt every statement that
has been made or can be made ayainst those Irish
fellows

‘They are sald virtually to have signed atr aty

 

wherein they were te goto South Africa as non com
batants, and arriving th re they took sides with
the Boers. WN if the Erg@it-h may go to Souto

 

Africa under false pretence why not the Trish?

I’ the English cen break a treaty with the Irish ‘ike
the treaty of Limerick and a hundred others why
have vot the Irish the same privilege?

Lord Clive comm 'ted forwery in India to get the
signatureof an Indian Privee, the result
drove the Prince insane. Pid th: Mngiteh Govern
mentre urn the fruity of that forwery ty the Indtans?

Idorotsay ‘he Irishar Justified tn breaking th tr
oath, and etam we should all return good for evil,
but when Th aran Freiichman whining about an
Irishman breaking a treaty with them it maaes me
lauen

lrd the English ever liveuptsa tre ty they made

wit), the Irish? PETERS WARD,
Potgnneruersig, N Y., Nov. 24
Gratefal to Mr, Twain,
To THe Forvor or THR SUN~—Sir: i have a

@rat ful fe ling toward Mark Twain for bringing that
ecabman into court IT have lived thirty years iu New
York and rarely aval! myoscif of a publle carriage
unless from aclub or hotel where the charge is fied
Ik ts not the amount *o muchas the
uncertainty and the humiliation of hetng tmposed
upon and the discomfortentalled by an altereation

base |

In a!

feheb !

I have walked when I would wil inely have patd fora |

ride more thin would have been demanded by even
an extortionate cabman, but hae refrained because

) of an indefinable repulsion to submitting toan impo
| aftien, the amount af which would depend upon the

 

cabman's capacity to stee up the @ gree of doctitty
with which I would be likely to se boutt

Mark i wain has done me good tn many waya, but
bis last act makes ne love him more

TARRYTOWN, Nov 24. GHORGF P. Rowrin

Noth Cood of Frio,
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir; Noth Good
iivee tn Frio county, this State. Is he eligibie?
OUmRO, Tes., Nov, 18. & @. Woon.

In that respect

New conditions required new methods It
was found soon that the mapa could not be
relied upon, “except in cities, the boundaries
of the minor civil divisions were not always
given, and even when they were the lines of
suburban and rural wards could not be deter-
mined, because, as was subsequently diseove |
ered, they had apparently overlapped insome
locations, or were situated in two different
municipalities and the claims of the respective
local authorities had not been adjusted.” To
avoid double enumeration each census taker
was required “to post a printed notice on ail
buildings visited by him, giving the date of ,
his visit.” !

One hundred and forty-two women were en-
eaged as enumerators and rendered excellent
service, This is said to be the first time tn the
history of Cuba that women have been em-
ployed in the public service.

Of the results shown by
Savger presents many of interest
gage indebtedness of the Island amounted to
68 per cent. of the value of the rural rea) estate
and to 79 per cent, of the city real estate, on the
valuation on the registers of property made
before American occupation began. As to

the census, Gen.

' tions is

The mort- |

the population, in seventy-nine districts there |

was @ loss since 18&7; In forty-seven there were
gains. The losses are confined to the four
western provinces, those of Santa Clara, Ma-
tanzas, Havana and Pinar del Rio. In the
eastern provinces, Santiago and Puerto Prin-
cipe, every district gained. Some districts
in the western provinces gained slightly; they
were those in which the reconcentrados were
collected, and those in which there was little
or no reconcentration, into which the people
had fled for refuge. The losses of population
were where Weyler's rule was most felt.

There are ninety-six cities in Cuba of over
1,000 inhabitants; sixteen have more than
8,000 inhabitants, five more than 25,000, and one
more than 200,000. The exact population of
Havana ia placed at 235,081. A very large
proportion of the population is thus seen to be
in the cities. The centre of population is in
Santa Clara province, thirty miles southwest
of the city of Santa Clara, and eight miles north-
east of Cienfuegos, It has moved twenty-four
mileg southeast since 1587

The census shows that even in Cuba the
women are more apt than the men to prefer
round and emall numbers as their ages. “In
a stationary population, 208 per cent. of all

FORTIFICATION ROAR REPORT.

Rapid Fire Gane far Const Defence Work oe
Vartifications Urogrecing
VMeeniworey, Now 2 The

wd Pertifies

report of the

wis of Ordnance wae rade

public at the War Department te dag The
weneral oper sof the board ar overed un
the following «tatlement
The experinente undertoken by Me &or
langtry, « tary of the Sroitheentian Inet
' fh, Under allotmenta made by the board
Hh Nov 0 180 and Dee 18, 1800, to determine
the practical value of the aerodrome and aérial
Vigation, are etill in progress and have be-

e of addit
view of the recent
the

nal interest to the @ervice in

success achlewed abroad in
if ding ile balloons

The increased te portance for const defenes

of rapid-fire guns of 4 6 and @inch calibers

been fully reecenized. The board haa

recommended the adoption of the pedestal

ty pe of barhette mount for all eich eune, The
{ tion of suppiving our fleld artillery with
the latest and very best modern material haa
received careful conaideratior In order to
obtain a type feld equipment for the service
at the eariiest possible date, the board hae
prepared and recommended a programme
covering A series of conipetitive teste to take
Hace early In the coming year It ta believed
hat As A result of these test« the United States
will secure for (he use of its troops the moat
efficient maternal of ita kind vet produced.
With the introduction of smokeless powder
and the great developments taking place i
rapid-firing wins, the character of our nationa
armament will be correspondingly improved.”

The board calle tarteutur attention to the
need of a large increase in the appropriations
made forthersreha o farmmunition and mate
rial for use in tureet practice for the seacoast
artillery “This Is helered to be abeolutely
necesear ," the report «avs, “if wearetohavea
well-trained rersonnel in charge of the guns.’

An eetimate of ©100,000 ts subn itted for the
work of the coming vear. In conclusion the re
port sas

“The work of equipping our coast fortifica-
vrogroasing ralidiv, and a lar@e por-
tion of the new armar ent is already tnetalled
There {a imperative need for an adequate force
of trained artillerieta to care for and man the
gins now mounted Tle board therefore
deems it within its province to invite the at-
tention of Congress to the necessity for re-
organization and material inere:se of the ar-
tilery arm of the service | The board recom.
mendes also that «ters be token at an early date
to provide the coast artillery personnel with
suitab'e ranges and other facilities for carryir
out each year a avatem of practical drill an
tarwet practice with heavy guns, under con-
ditions apnoroximating thore of actual service
Atleast three stich practice ranges should be
provided. -one for the Nerth Altantic, one fo
the South Atlantic and Gulf, and one fort
Pacifie Coast.”

conatruetion «

  

 

FRENCH FIELD GUN NO SECRET.

Military Attaches of All the Powers Saw Its
Workings at the Autamn Manceurres.
Wasninoton, Nov. 24 —Lieut-Gen Miler,
in an interview with THE BUN reporter this
morning, exonerates Capt IN. Lewis, recorder
of the Board of Ordnance and Fortification,
from any charge that he had secretly obtained

| the workings of the French fleld gun carriage.

persons between the ages of 20 and 25 are actu- |

ally 20: but in Cuba 25 per cent of the males
and 27.8 per cent of the females reported them-
aclves as 20." The native whites constitute
67.8 per cent. of the population; forelen whites
constituted 9 per cent.; colored, including
negroes and mixed, 82 per cent, while the
Chinese made less than 1 per cent. of the popu-
ation The foreign-born element, as in the
United States, congregates mostly in the cities,
nearly one-third of the total foreign-born
population is in Ifavana. Eighty-three per
cent. of the population is Cuban, 1 per cent,
claimed Spanish citizenship and 11 per oent.
had not declared their intentions when the
census was taken, 4

Of the inhabitanta, 63.9 per cent. (1,004,884)
were unable to read; 2.1 per cent. (33,003) could
read, but could not write; 82.7 per cent. (514,-
340) could write, but had no superior education,
and 1.2 per cent. had superior education—
19,158 in number. Two persons in Cuba out of
every fifteen are illegitimate. The tables
of occupations will open the eyes of those who
imawine that all Cubans either produce sugar
or tobaceo, or make cigars, There are 8&9
actors and 18 actresses on the island; 29 of
the actors are colored. There are 163 archi-
tects, 8 of them colored, and 241 artista: 283
cdergymen, 4 of them colored; 245 journalists,
17 being colored 15 piano-inakers, and 255
watchmakers, Three of the journalists could
neither read nor write!

The census very properly and wisely did
not cover so many fields of inquiry as here,
but confined itself to matters of population,
agriculture and education. It {s really a model
}.ece of work, and shows again how excellent
our military officers are in civ.) positions

A Rhyme of Rummage.
From ‘he New Haren Palladium.

 

|

'
'

The rummage sale, the rummage sale; all hall the |
‘in the Chateau d’Fanu, the people commenced

festive rummage sale! The latest, greatest, para-
mountest issue since the “dinner pail,’ the fad that
clears ‘he attle out: and likewise also clears the cel-
lar and swaps off one man's scrap heap for the
dollars of some other feller; the raging craze that
captivates all classes and Societies, and finds a
market for old Junk % matters not how high itis
There's notb ng new beneath the sun, nor in the
modern rummage sale—it looks as if the stock tn
trade were gathered by a Texas gale and peorle
crowd the bargain rooms, allelamoring to buy and
poy, for superannuated trash that other people throw
Variety's the essence of this social mercantile

away
endeavor, and Waat you cant find at the sale
you'll never find at all—no, mever, The list ts
allembracing, ranging from a broken looking
giass to coolfug stoves, can cp eners, false hair
aid candlesticks of brass: there's stuffed

canary birds, with half theecotton stuff langing out:
bottles, bibes, Boots and bonne's, leuther belts for
lean and stout; necktes, picture frames and gim'ets,
carpet stretchers, petticoats: soup tureens and con-
ceriinas that won't playone ba f thelr notes; battered
cuspldors and Selssors, spectacles, mismated socks
wastboards, rat traps, stevepipe hatsand wornvout
collars by the box: cld suopenders fags and rip
saws: Watches that have lost thelr wheels: earrincs,
bootjacks, garters, razors, slippers minus toes and
heels: breastrins, horsewhips, pickes, harness,

It appears from Gen Miles's statement that
the French Government has made no secret
of this gun since the beginning of the autumn
mancuvres in France early this fall He
quotes from the November number of Arma
and Explosives, a London military megazine,
to show that the foreign military attachés
ofall the Powers were enabled to see the work-
ing ofthexun quite plainly Gen Miles said
“The public is lable to be misled into sup-
posing that there is fome great mystery cop-
cerning the subject. ‘lhe fact is that the prog-
ress that has been made in artillery in the last
few years by American inventors, several of
whom have gone to Europe and established
their factories there, has been very remarkable,
especially such instances as Hotchkiss, Lee,
Maxim andothers. It is a fact that the entire
German Army was resupplied with artillery
before it was generally known to the rest of
the world; and it is also a fact that the French
have made a great improvement in a piece of
artillery which for a time surprised and mysti-
fled inventors and artillerista. For a time its
peculiar construcuon. was unknown outside

of a few persons in Europe, but when guns
are placed in the hands of hundreds of arttl-
lerista and have to be taken apart, or are de-

stroyed or captured, and when they are, as
they were this year during the French man-
@uvres, before the eyes of any one who de-
sired to see them in action, it is folly to presume
that the method of construction or the means
of producing certain effects will not become
generally known.

“There never has been a time when the im-
portance of machine or quick-firing guns has
attracted more attention or been more gener-
ally discussed than during the past year, (apt.
Lewis was sent to Europe, as other officers
have been sent every year, and us others are
now there, to ascertain all that could be ascer-
tained in regard to modern artillery or appli-
ances of war. He was not furnished any funds
with which to purchase any secrets, and there
Was bo necessity for using, nor was there used.
any methods which were not honorable, and
any insinuation that questionable or dishon-
orable methods were used ts simply an ufwar-
ranted reflection upon the Secretary of War
and every other officer concerned.”

 

 

 

Last Night of the Exposition.

From the Courrier dea Etate Unia

It was 6 o'clock. From the top of the Fiffel
Tower the cannon thundered, announcing
the final atoppage of the number of admission
tickets) The Chateau d'Eau blazed with vol-
leys of light in constantly changing colors,
and in the distance the Trocadero and all the
buildings became illuminated, while the gardene
displayed their garlands of translucent fruits.
Then for the last time the crowd moved toward
the luminous waters It was cold and threet-
ening snow; but that did not prevent the people
fromm admiring their favorite spectacle Sud-
denly the lights went out, and it was then only
that the crowd realized that the end was
reached When all was comparatively dark

to move out en maase throuch all the doors

‘The movement continued until IL o'clock
Then another gun was fired An iminense
elamor arose from the erowd, plereed br

awords with blade and seabbard rusted) dishpans,

chromos, fountain pens with both pen and fountain
busted: every kind of Wooden, tn and crock'ry things
to put thingsin; tlitypes of somebody's grandma's
long-forgotten kith and kin) ‘There's comedy and
pathos inthe blending of th s bric A-bDrac: It wakens
trains of memory, of the ‘aes, daysand vears far
back. Rare visions of long bygone seenes most sure ye
willthe heart regale amid the rag tag relies of 4 at
latest craze, the rummage sale

 

 

Indian Pupils tn Our City Schoo's,

To THR Eprror of THe SUN-—Sir: Permit me
to correct a statement in today's issue of your al |
ways interesting Journal to the effect that the two |
Indian girls recentl: admitted tothe Twenty fourth
street sciool are the first of their race to atiend the |
public schoulsof this ety. Fifteen years ago I had
amoog my pupils tn Grand street sehool (old No &) 4
an Indian boy Who reached the third grammar grade, |
fe. within tw classes of the highest, when te left
me to €o into business |

He passed through sehool under the unpoetic ap |

pellation of John Spl cer though his real name was
Say watis takana token.” whieh in his native |
poe@e lroquots: stmnifies “Boy

  
 

lan.
with the laughing

«yrs
He showed remarkable talent for drawing, and for
everal wi ters teok prizes in ornamental draw ne
at the Cooper Union evening classes
JOHNS T MAGUIRE, {
Princtpal School @1, 2754 Broadway
New YORK, Nov 22

 

The Christmas number of Harper's Magazine is
notable in appearance and contents, Its {illustrations
are many and beau iful, its contributorsarenumerous |
and famous. Much to be commended is the revival |
of two famous deparimenta aboiished some years
ago, The Basy Chair, which Mr. Howells wil) fll,
and The Study. where Mr. Alden will be found. The
eld magasine Bas renewed te youth long life teiu

shouts of © Vive la France!” while the wind
ho e along fromthe dist ince the st-ains of the
“Marseillaise” or the “Chant du Départ * Once
more the gun was fired It was the farewell
salute, followed by the roll of drums that had
somewhat of a sud echo in many hearts It

hac a crashing sound under the vaults and
continued gradually increasing wotil all the
drummers appeared Another guard came

along, beating the retreat, followed by crowds
more or less saddened by the thought that the
vrand affair was over The Exhibition was
already a thing of the pest The cascades
were extinnished, and ole after another the
domes of the different buildings disappeared
in darkness No lights remained, except here
and there a few g'obes that gave out a soft
orange colored light) They reminded one of
watch lights at the bedside of a dead woman
The great Paris fair, which eleses for many
years the era of expesitions, passed into history

Didn't Belleve It Was Jefferson.

One of the passengers on a Broadway car
on Friday night was Joseph Jefferson, the
actor. Near him was a young man reading @

newspaper As the young man got off the car
he anid to the conduetor
“There's Joe detlerson in there.”

"G'wan,” replied the conductor “nothin'’
, dein’ ” ;
“Yes, ha is, insisted toe young man.

“Whistle and call ‘Schneider ’"
“Cert,” said tie conductor, and he let out @
short, si rillbest followed by “Here, Schneider,”

 

in ne toild tone
The veteran actor glanced up and amiled
The conductor looked embarrassed — The other

   

 

wondered what Was wrong with

 

passer

} ‘
the conduc

 

Gold Medal for Capt. E. T. Brown.

  

Boston, Nov 24 A depateh from Wash-
ington su * thet Congre sman Sprague toeday
received a letter from Surt. Kinsball of the
Life Saving Servier, -a ing that a gold medal
had teen awarded toCapt bo DT) Prown, Seventh
Artiller th rec oagnition of } meriterious cor
duct upon the enscon «f the sinking ofthe
Covernnent tee Reclote in Boston buber

on the night of Jar

Srevetary Root,
From the Worl.'s Work for December,

Mr Roos eof lectin Washington have not Dees
confined t thoseasteoet ts liwa deatom te bis
onic it ts Ro open se et tha Le assumed fore
partoflasteumime . thee it ders of the Depart
mentof State inaddto OLS our It was his pon
whieh, during Serret ey Pay Nir @ss, ‘ramed some
of the m St important diviematy tes ovcolng the
ersis in Chia It wos chara teristic of the man
that he was willie to du tb co be du'y while he
Was sufering seutely from a diocer whieh noone
WAS permitted ty suspee) till tue strain Was pastand
he could find time ty callin a surgecn

A Short Lesson tn Physiology.

Tee « From the Schoolmaster,
man who reads THB SUN regularly Gigedte hie
food better than the man who don't. :

 

 

AA

 

»