pA

 

  
 

QUIRINAL AND VATICAN

OP ITALIA PARA DARE RINGUT ron
Raewavenes need Portes,

Papacy to We Ler Alone. hat Cathoitee to Me
indaced ta Vote Efforts to Ontaly an
Amenabie Pope From the Conclave Katerr
With ttaly The Empire eof the Weert

fiowm, Sov @ Ihe edulatora of

reien wie wih) one in reiting the per
oune Kin of Beals

‘he new

prother

eonal government of

He etanda alone, thew «4 he basa will and
hae full canciones of hia power, of bie col
and of hia dul While Humbert | represented

the punethlions constit itional sovereien, Vietor
Emmanuel [1] will be the rex, the rmonare

It really seema that in ecclesiastical matters
the new sovereian will follow a differe:nt poliey
From i870 to 1900 the “Third Kore’ pursed
an ineoncetvable chimmrn, namely, the tacit

or express acceptance by the Pope of the et-tua
que, that ia to aay, of the conquest: of Rome
A modua rirndi between Church and State
without giving up lbheralisin conver tion
with the Holy See a reconciliation between
Vatican and Quirinal; under different nines
they were trying to square the circle

What ia now said in officiel journals and
what ie going on behind the scenes betokens A
poliey at once less anbitious and more prac’ eal
4 resolute on j-cleric 1, an obstinate and \iolent
opponent of the Holy See and of the Church,
Vietor Emmanuel ID has no intention of mak-
ing concessions or even of opening negotia-
tions agein. To chtain gradually thot Italian
Catholica shall take part in votine, such is
his interticn and object. ‘To anceeed in this
he cannot count on the Vatican nor on the
unetion of the two Powers: Cie entrance of
the conservatives into public life will be enoagh
Those who hnow can tell even now that this
wil] be the ain of ell the efforts of the King
a icien between Italy and the Papacy

The scheme is br no trivial \
gradual break with the theory of the \ov er-
petit would nark ip fact, a decisive evolution,
beneficial for the “third civilizaton "It would
Mean, on the one hand, quiely burying the
Roman question What more would be needed
te make institutions work rewularly? In piace
of the partial desert which
archy In a liviag circle of hostile forces there
wold be thee f all citi-
gens with the usurping the
other hand, it would mean the rallying of all the
parties of order against the Republican, that
ig to sty the revolutionary, movement. See
whet an advance that would be! At the present
moment, as was shown in the lest elcetions,
the dynasty of Sav is languishing between
the Republican Lett and the Right which refuses
to vote

If the South be thrown out, where (he eternal
submi¢sion to the ministry flourishes, what-
aver the government or the form of govern-
ment may be, there is left in the Centre and in
the North only an infinitesimal minority in
favor of the monarchy. The majority of the
aitizens belonws either to the Republican party
or to the Catholic right Out of a hundred
votes 55 abstain from voting; of the other 45

means

  

ective collaboratior

government On

two-thirds have voted against the House of |

Savoy The day when the Papal adherents
enter the fray the Republicans will form a very
amall class Not only would great parties
support the established order, but the probable
situation of the two loyalist forces would check
the increasing sticcess of republicanism. The
monarchy would no longer be between two
fires; it would be opposed merely by an un-
atable group whose power of expansion would
be broken against the rock of a harmonivus
and regular policy.

The House of Savoy would be saved without
having asked the Vatican for either assistance
or sacrifices. To the criticisnis and remon-
strances of foreign Powers and of the Christian
the Quirinal would answer: “Go your way:
we are in perfect harmony. It is no longer
vital questions that keep us apart, it is only
matters of practical arrangements” Never-
theless the Quirinal does not expect to eur-
prise the vigilance of the present Pope: Leo
XIII. looke on participation tn the voting as
the keystone of the opposition to the govern-
ment of the onnquerors. But already the
House of Savoy has begun a series of far-off
campaigns with an eye to ultimate success
What concerna it above all is the preparation
of the Conclave, with the object of having a
Pope come out of it who would close his eyes
to the plan of liberation. It counts pon certain
cardinals and prelates and Catholio groups
It believes it can rely on effective assistants
beth In and out of the Conclave Lutheran
Germany favors the new intrigue. For greater
safety a choloe of two candidates has been
made; If they fail In the first ballot a less com-
promised candidate is held in reserve for the
second. Italian and German Catholics are
giving their aid to these tactics To detach
the Pope from France, to rally the Italians
to the monarchy by means of electoral and
parliamentary codéperation would be, the
shrewdest say, to consolidate the Triple Al-
Hance and to march firmly toward the estab-
lishment of an Empire of the West under the
sceptre of Wilhelin IT

When, a year ago, I described in Tue 8UN
this gorgeous dream of Lutheranism, com-
petent judges looked on the plan as a mere
illusion. To-day all political men have be-
come convinoed of the reality of the German
acheme. So much for the conspiracy; now
for the other side,

Never would Rome, they say around the
Vatican, place her forces at the service of such
a policy. The Empire cf the West would be
the emplre of Protestantism. Wilhelm II. is
driving with great skill an ill-nssorted team.
He ia straining with al! his might to Prusslanize
Central Europe, and hasin this the assistance
of the Catholics. As soon as he haa attsined his
end he wil! ¢ismisa hie allies. Before 1870,
ta order to Isolate France at Rome cs well as
throughout the world, Pruesia granted a con-
stitution that was favorable in part to the
autonomy and Ilberty of the Chureh. After
Sedan, the Aulurkampf broke out. The Ket-
telers, Reichenspergers and = Mallinckrodts
wept over their iilusions, Prince Bismarck
kicked away with his foot the conventent ladder
which had served to ralse him up. Who will
guarantee that this episode will not he re-
peated? Who will assure us that promises
will be kept 'oyally?

Rome fears the Prussians and she !s rich)!
in doing eo. Since the reign of the first (ier-
men Fmperor, Prince Bismarck has trans-

incloses the mon- |
| cases

| trial was

 

en eseeeeneimnsemmatamemtehaacienans

muted the spirit of the race or, rather, he haa |

poured the Prussian spirit into the whole na-
tlonal soul. Gnce upon a time Germany wasa
a patchwork of peaceful peoples, with modest
demands, without pride or ambition. Poetry,
actence and art embe'lished and filled up life.
Toeday Germany is becoming Prusstan. It
haa the spirit of pride, of selfishness, of con-
quest and of fanaticism: it isa nation full of
Insolence and seif-sufficiency, It stops at
rothing When Prines Bismarck uttered
the pretentious phrase. “We fear God, and we
fear natight else,” he gave Germany its psvehol-
ogy. The German lives on that phrase and on
that sentiment. He Talmud
of the rabbis: the worlds have been created
to serve for the gore of Germany. What
place would be left for the Papaey in this new
Hegemony?

That is why the collaboration of Berlin in
the Conclave plan sid papaly oliey of the Quiri-
nal renders that ingenious selene hopelessly

remembers the

barren, The Holy See is net ignorant of the
tortuous ways of intrigve, that isto aay, every
precaution las been token to bring te naught
these anti-Roman ambitions The more fac-
thons hestir themselves the surer is the trinmph
of the normal pol of the Papacy, Were T

prophet T should sivgeven now that the
Houses of Savoy and ofAlohencollern, wiho-

ever thelr acolytes niuay be, will be defeated

INNomMiN ATO

An Industrious Burglar.
[Island's police court was erowded
eatin a with Bay Ridge and Fort Hamilton

yple to make coriplaint against Marino Weil
bey ourteenth avenue and Sixty-sixth street,
Lefferts Park, Who was held to awail the a tion
of the Grand Jury on a charge of burel: uy
The notice ounda

t aOney

goods

reqquantity of stole
been identifi Twenty

plaints bave Deen filed against Well,

one com

yore? OF LAGAL KVENTA.

frnpertant decisions on Tuesday, In the ona
Of Korbel) veninat the City of New York tt up
held the rieht of a Queens county landowner
to feeover domages for the action of the city
in draining be pronerty of eubterranean per
eolating water by means of the driven well
at the city « pumping station We have eon.
sidered thie decision elsewhere In the case
of Dr Bamuel J Kennedy, on appeal from a
Judgment of conviction of murder in the first
dearee, a new trial was ordered on the @round
that wae erroneously admitted as
to statements made by the belil-boye of the
Grand Hotel in the presence of the defendant
The erime was ce
theory on which
was that it tended to conneet the defendant
with the commission of the murder, aa he re-
mained silent where an innocent man would
naturally have denied what they said This
influence could hardly be drawn, however,
in view of the fact that Police Captain Price
WAS present at the time and cautioned the
prisoner not to say anything, and so dude
Hateht held in writing the opinion of the Court
of Appeals

teatimeriy

the evidence was received

In commenting upon the reversal in the Ken-
nedy case, the New York Timea quotes “a well-
known criminal lawyer who had been prominent
in many criminal actions” as saying = “The
Court of Appeals of recent years has departed
from the strict and rigid lines formerly fol-
lowed and now looks for reasons for new trials
even though the record shows no flagrant
errors. This, I think, is due to the fact that
there is a «rowing tendency against the in-
fliction of the death penalty © Our impression
had been different from this, and we had sup-
posed that the Court of Appeals would not re-
verse in a capital case except for clear error
That there has been such error upon the trial
of several important murder cases within the
past few years is unfortunate but undeniable
A conspicuous example is the first trial of the
Sheldon ease (156New York Keports, page 248
where the jury were coerced to agree by being
kept out eighty-five hours without beda or
cots. In the lust tenvolumesofthe New York
Reporia (154 to 163) we find twenty-two capital
fhe judgement of death was affirmed
in fifteen of these, while in seven cases a new
ranted. The affirmances inclide
the case of Martha Place in Brooklyn and that
of Howard ©. Benham of Batavia who after-
ward obtained a new trial at Special Term on
the ground of newly discovered evidence.

 

Among the judgements afirmed by the Court
of Appeals on Tuesday was that of the Appella‘e
Division of this department in the case of
Stewart against Ferguson, which involved an
important question in the law of master and
servant. A seaffold constructed for workmen to
stand on in the course of th: erection of a build-
ing was formerly regarded not asa place where
work ia to be done, within the rule of the law
requiring a master to furnish a suitable place
in which to do bis work, but as an apphiance
merely, so that if the master provided his
workmen with the proper material for the
construction of the scaffold and one of them
put if together defectively, the master was not
responsible for any resulting injury to another
workmin, In Stewart against Ferguson, Mr
Justice Kumaer, writing for the Appellate
Division, held that the Labor law of i897 had
changed the role in this respect. “The making
of the scaffold,” he said, “is no longer a detail
of the work, the responsibility for whichis
imposed upon the servant, but the seafold is
regarded as a place furnished by the master
upon which the servant is to work and the
master ia forbidden to pormit that plage to be
unsafe, unsuitable or improper, but is hound

90 to construct it as to give proper protection
to the life and limb of the person who is en-
gaged upon it” The existing law thus makes
{t the personal dutv of the master to exercise
reasonable care to see that the scaffold which
he provides is safe for his workmen and suit-
able for the purpose to which it is to be applied

 

In the case of a Brooklyn patrolman named
John E. Scheipp, the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court in the Second Departmen
decided last March that it was lawful to pro-
mote him to the position of roundsman without
any competitive examination, in recognition
of his gallant conduct in saving life at a@ fire
while tn the discharge of his duty as a police
oficer. In the case of a New York roundsman
namod Dennis Grady, whom the Board of Police
here attempted to promote to the position of
sergeant, without any competitive examina-
tion, but on account of meritorious and hervio
conduct In the performance of his duty as
roundsman, the Appellate Division of the
Firat Department has recently denied that any
such power of promotion exista Tho Judges
in this department do not question the cor-
rectness of the decision tn the Schelpp case,
but bold that it inwolved the construction of
a provision of the Brooklyn oharter which

the police force of the former city of New York
under the Consolidation act of 1882. It would
acem that there ought to be one uniform rule
on this subject for the whole of the Creat
No good reason in the nature
things can exist why an old Brooklyn polic
man should have the privilege of being pro-
moted under circumstances which would not
confer the same privilege upon an old New
York policeman,

In a case just decided by the Supreme Court
of Missourl, testimony was given against the
defendant in a criminal prosecution by a woman
who had formerly been his wife but who was
now divorced from him. Her statements
tended directly to prove that ber former hus-
band was guilty of the crime charged in the
indictment, The Supreme Court holds that
this evidence should not have been received
by the trial court. “The law assumes that a
husband will not commit a crime in the pres-
ence of his wifo ercent in confidence induced
by the martial relation,” says Judge Gantt, as
reported in the Kanaae City Times “It is
the policy of the law that these things which
are privileged during the marriage relation
shall remain forever inviolable, whether the
relation has ceased by reason of death or di-
vorce, or not: and that the divorced wife,
from reasons of public policy ta incompetent
to testify against her hushind to the same
extent that she would have been if the mar-
riage relation had never been dissolved" [t
was long ago held in England that a wife who
had been divorced by Act of Parliament could
not testify against ber former husband = Put
the language in which the Missouri court states
the reason for the general proliibition is a little
peculiar

  
  

President Judge Arnold, of Court of Com-
mon Pleas No. 4 in the city of Philadelphia
has recently expressed himself very emphati-
cally in favor of the divorce lawa of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, which are more
liberal than those of the State of New York,
where marital infidelity is the only cause for
absolute divorce, permitting the innocent
porty to marry again. “Our divorce laws are
wise and just,”
opinion “I do not agree with those persons
who occasionally denounce them. The hatred,

misery, sin and crime, which so often flow
froin indissoluble marriage connections re.
quire a remedy Wife beaters and decorters

sould be deprived of the opportunity of ine
flicting further misery on their portners De.
sertion as a cause of divorce has tiuch warrant
of Seripture: In St) Paul's First Epistle to
the Corinthians Chapter vil, verse 15, he wrote:
‘But if the unbelieving depurt, let him depart
A brother or a @iater is ft under bovdace
in such cases, and commentators on the Bible
Nave held this text to mean that desertion
dissolves the marriice We have heard
sentiments similar to those of Judge Arnold
ex prensed by more thanone New Y ork judge

 

A municipol ordinance which assumed to
prohibit any woman from going into a build-
fing where there te a liquor saloon, or from

standing of loafing within Atty feet thereof,
has been condemned as unreasonable and
uo constitutional by the Kenucky Court of
Appenis. It is suggested that the ordinance
might be valid if its operations were confined te
disreputable characters, but t woud protabiy
be se rewhatd Meult to d fine such charserers
sa thatthe police would know wt to arrest
and whom to let go The court declares that

it knows no rule of law which prohibit. a well-
behaved woman from going into or near a
paien. where her purpose and manner are
awfit

suys Judge Arnold in a recent |

|

mtnitted at that hotel and the |

 

| taken il yeeterday
has no application to Grady, who came into | of the elevated railroad at ewe avenue and

|

 

|
|

|
|
|

THE SUN, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1900.
‘CUBANS ELECT CAPOTE; |

The Court of Appente handed down several |

VATtOVAle AFATEN IN THE FIRAT
ern 1 THR CONVENTION.

President of the ¢ onetitational Aesembir the
Candidate of the Hadical Republicans
Pinal Mates Adopted and the Convention

fe Ready for Work Triberte to tien. Lee

Spectal Cane Derpatch to Thr StS

Hiavasa, Nov 26) Mefior Mendes Capote
was elected President of the Cuban Conetitue
tional Convention to-day, receiving 17 votes
ngainet th cast for Mefor Pudalde Tamayo

Huts Rivera and Sefores Lierente, View,
das and Zayas were elected Secretarios
Secretary of State under
« administration and wae
of the revolutionary Gove

en
Villuen
Sefor Capote
Malor-Gen. Brook
Presicent

wis

aise Vice
ernment

ite was the candidate of the Republican
party of Havana and was backed by Gualberto
Gomez. Sefor Tamayo was the candidate of
the Santiago delegates and was supported by
the National party of Havana. The election
waa by secret ballot

There was great interest In the fleht and
although the result was expected, Sefior Ca-
pote's election is rewarded as a decided triumph
for the Republican or radical Cuban element.
The Inecumon voiwes the feeling in Havana
when it says that the delegates of the National
party have not been able to eway the conven-
tion as they expected. Sefier Capote made
a short speech of thanks after his election

All the articles from 118 to 131 in the report
if the Cormrittee on Rules were adopted
fhe convention is therefore now legally oon-
stituted. The final articles adopted to-day
allow two speeches on each side of any motion
but further speach may be allowed by @ ma-
jority vote of the delegates present,

Sefiores Rivera, Cisneros and Villuendas
offered the following: “In consideration of
the many services Gen, Fitzhugh Lee has ren-
dered to the Cuban cause, and in view of the
fact that he has saved many Cubans from
exile and death, and inasmuch as he has been
the commander of that division of the Amer-
ican forces which has given the least offence
to the Cuban people during tie tedious military
occupation of the island by American troops,
therefore be it

“Resolved, Ihat this convention expresses
the sorrow which the Cuban people felt when
saw the noble Armerican General leave
We express the hope that his life
that he may enjoy

they
our shores
may be prolonged and
much happiness
“Resolved, That this motion be spread on the

minutes of the convention and a copy sent to
Gen. Lee.”

The motion was lald on the table without
discussion. will be taken up at a later ses-
sion of the convention

——’

 

Capt. Cook Dies of Fever tn Mavana,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Havana, Nov. 24 -Capt. Cook, who was
formerly in charge of the water works and
sewerage of Havana, died today of yellow
fever, We arrived here from New York on
Noy. 18 on the steamer Morro Castle There
are fifty-seven cases of yellow fever at present
in Havana,

 

Capt. Cook was a Volunteer officer, and when
mustered out took charge of city work under
Gen Ludlow. He withdrew to take up en-

gineering work in the West and had Just re-

turned to Cuba

 

 

No Duryea Will Decision Yet.

Mingona, L. I, Nov. 24.—Surrogate Seabury
again disappointed the curious crowd that
filled hie court room here this morning to hear
his decision in the Duryea will contest. A
week ude the attorneys for the contestants
file d application for the appointment of a tem-

‘rary administrator. Lawyer J. Campbell

hompson, for Ue contestants, requested a
decision from the surrogate on the application
but Judge Seabury stated that he had not had
time fully to examine the papers He gave
Mr Thompson permission to submit affidavits
a rebuttal of the allegations recently made
by EF. T. Pavne, one of the itrorneys for Walter
Durvea. No tine was set by the Surrogate
for the next hearing in the case,

 

 

 

Double Elopement: All Hands Forgtven.

Arroona, Pa., Novy. 24.— William H. Weaver
of Gaysport eloped a few days ago with Mury
Bourdess, whose mother had refused to give
her consent to the wedding. Weaver took his

sister Rosetta into his confidence. She begged
him to defer his departure one day. When
he was ready to go Kosetta and her sweetheart,
Robert White, announced that they wonted to
elope also, The four went to ¢ umberland,
Md, where ther were married. They were
sromptly forgiven all around on their return
fast night.

Died on the Elevated Station.
Emfl Norde, 35 years old, who boarded at
698 Sackett streot, Brooklyn, and who hada

tea and coffee bus iness at S78 State street, was
afternoon on the station

 

sixteenth street, and died in a few minutes
Heart disense is‘anid to have cau sed death.

DIDD.

BROOKS,--On Friday, Now 28, 1990, of pneu
monia, Adeline M., daughter of the late Elisha
and Matilda D, Nrooks

Funeral services wiil be held at the Hotel Majestic,
72d at. and Central Park West, on Monday, Nor,
26, 1909, at 10 o'clock A. M.

FELL. — At Orange, N. J., on Friday, Nov. 23, 1900,
Frank, youngest son of Elizabeth G. and Laur
ence T. Fell, aged 23 years

Relatives and friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral from his late residence
169 Main st,on Monday, Nov. 26, 10), at 9:59
A. MM... thence to St. Jonn's Chureh, where @ pol-
emn high mass of requem will be offered for the
Tepose of bissoul. Interment at St John's Ceme
tery, Orange, N. J

GIBBONS, -At Hoboken, N. J.,on Saturday, Nor
24, 140%, Ellen, beloved mother of Frank Gibboas,
aged 67 years,

Relatives and finds are respeetfully invited to at
tend the funeral from ber late residence, 517 Park
av., on Monday Nov, 26, 1900, at @:30 A BM.,
thence to the Coureh of Our Lady of Grace, where
solemn requiem mass will be held. Interment io
St. Pevr's Cemetery

KELLY.- At Denver, Col
Matthew LB. Kelly
City, NT,

Notice of funeral hereafter

KINGSLEY.--At Flesole, Italy, om Sunday, Sepi

30, 1900, Harry S. Kingsley, aged 37 years.

. on Friday, Nov. 23, 1900,
of 340 York et, Jersey

Funeral from bis late residence, 208 Madl-
son as., New York. on Monday Nov. 26,1909, at
10 A.M. Interment at convenience of family.

Please send no flowers.

ROBINSON, At Newtown, LL. on Thursday, Nov.
22,1000, Mary, wife of William Robinson, aged

68 years.
Funeral from her late residence, Cook av.,on Sun-
‘day, Nov. 25, 1900,at 2 PP. M. Interment at

Cedar Grove Cemetery.

SEIBERT. On Friday night, Now 23, 1990, Jacob
Seivert, in the 60th year of his age.

Funrral services will be heid at his late residence,
10g ast o7th st., on Monday, Nov. 26, 1900, at
1b A.M.

SMITH. —Sudden!y, on Thursday morning, Nov. 22,
100, at his residence, 43 Lafayenwe pl, J. Con-
nor Smith. in the 76th year of Dis age.

Funeral at Grace Chureh, Broadway and 10th at,
on Monday. Now 26, 1000, at LOA. M.

VOORTHIES,— At Greenwich, Conn, on Saturday,
Nov. 24, 180), suddenly, at her residence,
Jane Alyen, wife of John Voorhis, in the 75th
vear cf herage

Punrral services at her late reatdenee, Greenwich,
Conn., on Monday, JNov. 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock P.
M.. on arrival of train leavi.g Grand Central
deyot at 2 P.M. Interment at convenience of
family. Please omit flowers.

 

 

HE KEN ¢8100 CEMETERY. —Private station,
Ha» “id. 43 minutes’ ride from the
Grand Ce ‘ral ‘De pot. Olee. 1s Bast 424 at

Special Notices,

ROEVUCK'S WEATHER STRIVS are war-
ranted (9 exe ude thecold when appiled to doors and
windows Call on of telephone Koebues, 172 Fulton.
Lawbilshed ie7y

 

Lnligious Rotices.

H°.’ TRINITY CHURCH, New “York, lenox
av. and iid st.—Kev. H. F. Nichols, rector.
Servi “ 750 and 11 AM, 3:45 ands P.M. The
Kev. A. G. Cumming, Jr, will preach at tbe morning

ee eee
LL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL A

i

$e

5,000

Altmank Go,

ANTIQUE ORIENTAL EMBROIDERIES

AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES,

Embracing specimens of Needlework from
Algeria, Janina, Bulgaria, Persia and East India,

Suitable for Cabinet and Pedestal Covers and for
ll decorative purposes.

PERSIAN ANTIQUE BRASSES

consisting of Lamps, Jardinieres, Vases, Braziers and Trays,
also a number of
Antique Hand-wrought and Silver Mounted Pistols and Small Swords
AT MARKED REDUCTIONS IN PRICES.

Oriental Department,

Third Floor.

UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT.

On Monday, November 26th, the following articles
will be offered at reduced prices:

Sixty Pairs Velour Portieres,

Embroidered, ° ;

. $22.50, 28.00

Leather Appliqué,

‘ $19. 50 Pair.

Verdure Tapestry Portieres, most desirable for Dining Room
and Hall Hangings, at $9.75 Pair.

Renaissance Lace Curtains, at

$8.75 Pair.

One Thousand Cushion Tops of Satin Damasks, Brocades, Etc.,

at 65c.,

90c.,

$1.25 Each.

 

FURS and FUR GARMENTS.

Natural Black and Silver Fox, Russian and Hudson Bay Sable
and Chinchilla,
Broadta‘l, Pers‘an Lamb and Alaska Sealskin Coats,
Fur Lined Capes, Paletots and Driving Coats.
Monday, November 26th:

Plain Persian Lamb Coats, .

Persian Lamb Coats
Marten Collars, °

Alaska Sable Scarfs, .
Dyed Brown Fox Boas
Alaska Sable Muffs, .

$5.75 Mink Scarfs.
9.50 Dyed Brown Fox Scarfs,
5.50 Mink Muff, .  .

$115.00
. 135.00

$9.25
7.85
8.75

with Chinchilla or Baum

Dyed Brown Fox Mufls, - $10.75.

cnn Street, Nineteenth Street and Sixth Aoenne.

 

SS

Le Boutittier Brothers

tacked; new sleeve,

Ladies’ Taffeta Stik Watstss colors: black, White,
light blue and old rose—tucked and hemstitched

all over; latest puffed sleeve,

Ladies’ Drap d’Ete Waists (Haute Noubveaate),
handsomely tucked and hemstitched, latest L’Aig-
This new fabric for
waists has all the finish and appearance of satin,
and ts shown in a large variety of rich colorings,

Best qualtly Botany Flannel Waists, pleated back
and front, new sleeve, perfect fitting, in large

lon sleeve in two styles.

variety of colorings,

These New Waists are exceptionally good value, and are offered

NEW WAISTS

Ladies’ Peas de Sote Dress Watsts; colors :—black,
light blue, white, tan, Itlac and grey—handsomely

6.75

$5.95
$4.50
55,50
| $2.98

value $10.00,

value $8.00,

value $5.90,

much below the prices at which it Was intended to sell them.

Le Boutilter Brothers

West Twenty- third Street.

 

QUICK WORK ON A) BIG SHAFT.

Low the Bethiehem Steel Company Saved the
Anaconda Mine From Heavy Loss,

Quick work and work as good as it is quick--

 

 

 

——

18% to 20 Inches and with @ 7-inch axial hole,

| the total weight being about 12,000 pounds.

it works just to rreen di =, two less than the
contract time, to do the forging a d the ma-
ehl.e work acd_to shi. the oh ft ‘lo save
tine it was sent fiom Bethlehe un at it the way to
Butte br express. The nes -haft was com-

that is one general renson why Amorican trons | y Jered and in use in a spa-e of time which most
| Furopein manufacturers would have required
for arrange ne the preliminaries.

workers and builders of irom @tructures are
taking away Jobs from Rritish
concerns. There are demonstrations of this |
every day and they are impressive object les- |
eons to our manufacturing competitors on
the other aide of the water. One of the nost
recent and notable instances of thie kind nas

and other foreign | i

just teen furnished by the aplendidly equipped ,

plant of the Bethlehem Steei Company of South
Bethlehem, Va

There came a sudden break in the malo
shatt of the Anaconda mine, in Butte, Mov
This was a mishap that meant the loss of a
great deal of money for every day that the
mine was crippled, and erippled it was and
badly with the main shaft put out of business,
The problem was to — the shaft in the
very shorte-t thne possible and the order with
au explanation of the circamstances and the |
necessity for speedy work was forward
to South Bethlehem. The company agre
to furnish ig eS eae days. Th

t te boll
a asst $ Sa

‘eet 10 in

| Stores,

 

A Holiday Gift

of Furniture

is, in nearly all cases, appropriate and
welcome. A Rocker, an Easy Chair, a
Desk, any Furniture bit almost, isa last-
ing pleasure to the receiver; it insures a
lasting remembrance of the giver.

Holiday Suggestions also in the rich Old
Sheftield Plate, the Pottery, the Pictures,
the Clocks, the Gold Mirrors.

Schmitt Brothers,

Two an, { @ F933 | To

| In them we show the public what a really great shoe is at this price.

| of the wy plery

ee a
4 St ee ete ee

   

Gnlinee®

Orwntacests & Ipwercers
BROADWAY & 18TH A

“The Sirdar,”

Vantine’s Egypitan Cigarette, 25¢, box, postpaid,

3rd and Ath Floors,

ORIENTAL RUGS.

' 400 CARABAGHS at

| $00 FINE BOKARAHS

A LOT OF PERSIAN

HALL STRIPS
3.4 x $0 ft, to 3.4 x 20 ft,

» $50,
KHIVA BOKARAHS,
JUST OPENED 350 2 $55

ALSO BAGDADS AND KELIMS FOR PORTIERES
AND COUCH COVERS—REDUCED PRICES,

$900
at +10,% |
from $48, |

 

 

Mata Floor.

 

BAYONETS
For the decoration of cosey corners and dens.

CHASSEPOT GUNS AN) SWORD

GUNS, $2.00 EACH. BAYONETS, 40% BACH.

 

  

CORSE

TRADE

CAMMEYER’S STANDARD
$3.00 Shoe for Women.

This line of shoes is made in 60 different styles, as a triumphant illustra-
tion of what is meant by a Camineyer Standard Shoe.

There are several $3.00 and $350 women’s shoss on the market, but
they are all second and third grades when co npared with these shoes of ours.

material, form, construction (being a hand sewed bench made welt) and gen-
eral workmanship and in finish, comfort and wearing qualities and in appear-
ance they are equal to shoes sold ‘elsewhere for $4.00 and $5.00.

They are the Grandest Shoes Ever Offered at the Price.

Button and Lace, Patent Leather and Kid Tips, Black Glace Kid, Box
Calf, Patent and Ename! Leather, all sizes and widths,

No misleading marks—the sizes are marked in plain figures only, so that
all can see and understand that they are purchasing the exact shoe asked for.
GUARANTEED IN EVERY WAY.

A full line of Sporting Shoes and Waterproof Hunting Boots, Shoes and Leg-
gings for Men and Women.

NEW CATALOGUE MAILED FREE ON APPLICATION.
ALFRED J. CAMMEYER, 6th Avenue, Cor. 20th Street.

 
   

m0) Constable ce rs

Oriental Rugs.

A grand assortment of Modern Oriental Rugs in spe-
cial and exclusive designs prepared by us for Dining Room,
Library and Halls.

Carpets.

Bigelow Axminster Carpets,
Brussels and Wilton Carpets,

Designs prepared exclusively for us.

Upholstery.

Lace Curtains, Tapestries, Wall Coverings.

Sdvoadway K 19th > treet.

 
 

 

CAUGHT SMALLPOX IN HOSPITAL.

Sta@f Doctors Purzied Over the Case ef a Negre
Woman Patient.

The officials of the Kings County Hospital |
in Flatbush are wondering how Sallie Taylor, |
an unmarried colored patient, who has been
an inmate of the institution since May 17 last, |
caught amallpox There is as yet no solution |

Thureeay, morning she com-
‘the Health Lepartment

Horner’s
Furniture.

AMED for its excellence——for

plained. of a

ver * :
| van informed and after an examination boy its artistic beauty -—for its ex-
Dr Jewett the patient's removal to North clusiveness —for its absolute

_

Brother Island was ordered

Miss Taylor's baby, to which she gave birth
on Aug 1, went with her to the conte gious dis
eases ospital They were taken out thiovgh
f basement window to avoid danger from [n-
ection to other tninates of the infant pavilion
The doctors, purses and 120 patient* in this
section will at once be vaccinated ‘There are
altogether about 2,500 people in the hos», ital
and the authorities intend to vaccinate them

Dr Bacon of the hospital staff said yesterday
that the only explanation of Nise Taylor's
amallpox is that it was brovebt in by some
visitor, The woman herself has not left the
gfounes since she was received as a patient in

y

completeness in all lines——for its
moderate cost, Advantages which
cannot fail to interest all intending
Furniture buyers who des re the best
in style and the best in value.

DINING ROOM FURNITURE. Where prepa-
rations for the THANKSGIVING FES.
TIVAL reveal necessary additions to
Dining Room Furniture needs, most
generous choice will be found in our
stock, in single pieces as well as suites,
and in all the fashionable woods, fin-
ishes and designs.

 

 

Flag Presentation by Alexander Mamilton Pest.
Alexander Hamilton Post, with the design of
{nouloating patriotism among the school chil-

dren, will present to Public School No. $7, at
1th street, near Third avenue, next Tuesday

afternoon handsome silk flag Comrade R. J. HORNER & Co.,

Charles P. Pierce will make the presentation = Makers and Eriporters,

accross am oh the bo i allem = the Komen's | @ 63. 65 West 20 gud | a

commence at 3 e’

 

In their .