sec
ces

NMOSEVOSSSSosSssoosso
PP p>p PTT T>T> Pup rT TT>

 

except
Satur.

nday te

padw,
. 125th
on

lon BL

Cen
or resl-

Agent

—

Dam bere
fod sb:

naford
alo.
‘enim
on 4
Mahe
CY land.
prese=
0 and
dD mm

am ton,
blo, Cnt.

-LMAN
491 and
ti2seh

York;
yn; 122
. New
age to

pd cheek
Dally.

Se
Behe te

Sept 10
par

ANY.
ay.

que

n St
Sept 20
Se So

h, Pin-
4., con.
Beach,
Pier 26,
.M,

acer.

E.

68.
9:50am

4,iiem
s

Broad,

OTs
2, noon
@, hoon

nae?

Yor.

BTOWN

 

“TOL LXVIL—NO. 363
+ ine
ALABAMA MAKES 17 KNOTS.

ESHIP A RECORD-BREAKER
IN HER CLASS.

On « Sport Dariog Her Trial Of the New
England Coast the Veasel Makes a Maxi-
mam Speed 0! 18.03 Kaote—The Speed and

4 Time From Station to Station,

gag BATTL

 

Elapre

Boston
tbe fore

Aug. 28.~With a new broom at
algnifving another speed victory for
the Cramps the new United States battleship

jabama steamed into the harbor at 5:30 this

' oon from her official trial trip over the
ee course from Thatcher's Island
ie a Island. The vessel had steamed at
a average speed of 17 knots an hour for four
consecutive hours without taking into account
a strong food tide. which, when allowances
are figured out will probably contribute a
gupstantial addition fo her speed The Ala-
pama nlso reached a maximum speed of 18:03
knots for a distance of 6.6 knots, the apace
patween two of the warships marking the
course When the tidal allowances are pre-
pared they will doubtless show that the latest
addition to Uncle Sam's navy is the fastest
pattleship of her tonnage afloat. The general
opinion expressed by the naval men on the
oraft during her trial trip was that her average
efil be about 17.1 knots an hour for the four
hours. The co ‘tract requirement + for the
ship was that she should steam 16 knots an
hour for four consecutive hours and the fact
that she exceeded that speed goes to show
thata bonus ist ot always necessary to persuade
builders to turn out the very best ship they
re capable of constructing

a
In addition to her display of speed, the Ala-
bama executed some curves that made the
on board open their eyes in wonder.

le
ny great craft was sent ahead at full speed

with helin hard to port and described a circle
which had a tactical diameter of between 700
and 800 feet,or atrifle over twice her length.
Then the helm was reversed and around she
went to starboard, and coming upon the wake
of hr first circle made as perfect a fixure
eight in seething white foam as one could wish
tosee. Before reaching Boston Light the vessel
wan tested to find her quickness in coming
to @ dead standstill and in gathering stern-
way with engines reversed, allot which proved
satisfactory to the trial board.

A more perfect day for @ trial trip could not
be had. The sea was as smooth as glass and
there was scarcely life enough in tbe faint
rasterly breeze to cause ripples on the surface,
and the coasting vessels drifted about with
sails hanging idly from thelr spars. The Ala-
bama left her anchorage in the harbor at 8
o'clock this morning, having a number of guests
on board in afdition to the trial board, which
consisted of Kear Admiral Rogers, Capt.
Robley D. Evans, Commander J. \. Hemphill,
Commander Charles RK. Roelker, Naval Con-
structor W. Le Capps, Lieutenant-Commanders
Charles E. Vreeland and Richard Henderson,
and Lieutenant-Commanders J. H. Perry and
W. H. Hannan, members of the Engineering
Board, of which Commander Roelker is Presi-
dent. Rear Admiral Sampeon was with the
party as a guest of Mr. Cramp, and a number
of naval officers of lesser rank and maval cadets
were detailed as assistants to the members of
the two boards.

The course was laid out from @ point about
five miles southeast of Thatcher’s Island,
marked by a can buoy and battleship Texas,
tw the battleship Massachusetts, about three
miles east of Boone Island, a total distance of
% knots, At distanoes as near 64 knots apart
as possible were anchored the naval tug Oe
@ola, the battleships Kearsarge, Kentucky
and Indiana. There were also bumbered can
buoys near them. Before reaching the Texas
the Alabama had been gradually speeded up
and was going at a good 15-knot clip when the
signals were given that the ship was about to
start on her speed test. The buoy at the be-
ginning of the course was passed at 10:29:86
o'clock and the 88 knots had been reeled off
at 12.24.52, the elapsed time being 1:55:17, an
average speed of 17.15 knots. Going over
the course the battleship covered the distance
between the first two marks in 23 minutes 20
soonds, an average of 16.89 knots an hour.
To the third mark, the Kearsarge, whose crew
gave three ringing cheers for the new ship, the
elapsed time was 23 minutes 80 seconds, a speed
of 16.85 knots an hour. To the fourth mark
~the time was the best of the day, 21 minutes
% seconds for the 6.6 knota,or a speed of 18.08
for an hour, To the fifth mark 24 minutes 15
teoonds were required, which makes the speed
16.98 knota, and between the last two marks
the time was 22 minutes 14 seconds, a speed of
17.87 knots an hour.

Toe Alabama turned culckly, repassing the
Massachusetts on her return journey at 12:42:26
o'olock, and the Texas a’ the other end of the
course at 2:80:58, making the elapsed time for
the 38 knots 1:67:90, an average of 16.86 knots an
hour for the distance. Her fastest speed on
the return was made over the distance between
the Maseachusetts nd Indiana, the time being
22 minutes 93 seconds, or a speed of 17.56 knots
anhour. The vessel was under forced draught
all the time, with asteam pressure of 180 pounds,
and the maximum revolution of her screws
*as 118 The established horse power de-
veloped was 11,500 ;

\ The Alabama will start back to Philadelphi
at? o'clock to-morrow morning, and her builders
fay she will be ready to be turned over to the
Government in about six weeks, Mr, Edwin
8. Cramp said the speed test was wonderful:
that the machinery worked perfectly, not a
bl! of water being used to cool the bearings,
and that the boilers made steam freely. In
an the safety valve was blowing off for more

‘an half an hour while she was ploughing
over the course. tie said no battleship had
ever made such a high rate of speed for 80 many
hours of steaming.

 

DEWEY NOW ACCUSED OF THEFT.

Boston Newspaper Publishes a Yarn That He
Stole Ammunition in Hong Kong.
Boston, Aug. 2&—An amusing story ia pub-
hed by the /'rareller to-milit to the effect
that Admiral Dewey «ti le arnmunition from the
ue arsenal in Hong Kong the night before
* sailed for Manila to engage the Spanish

The name of the man furnishing the

informatior nas ‘
1 is not printed but here is the
QUoted intervie w

Dewey's last point of communication with

Be Government was Hong Kong which is a
ore rt. it was from this port that Dewey
that Da anita, and it was well known there
Of a cont Ud not have sufficient ammunition
ht, « : “in calibre to feed his guns in a bi
substantintes paicly expected, and this tact
Ceaned action (1 by the knowledge that Dewey

to have bres e CT & period of twenty minutes
es *akfast and to find out j
munition was holding out. it Just how the

"Here the
and of whic , r the point that T am getting at

Ro he so ith pretty well informed. t
gan here is a British arsenal for op:
RY 1¢ British squadron in those waters,

ne
the Mast bight that Dewey was in Hong

man who w -
keus or mm As Al watch over one o'

calibre «
Was myster):

ong
’ the
Agazines in which was kept jus
ant what Dewey most neede
Was oe ) Away from his post
& frien gard said that he had gone on a visit
Cover op bie other side of the city. Under
Went to quiwht & number of Chinese coolies

a ' pocket and took from the maga-
Ut ch bees Man ¥ rounds of shot. They were
k aan Small boats and taken out to the

ls and oe Next day Dewey sailed for
Manu Commod ya? 1 England helped the gal-
Sun e to puneture the iron ribs of
Melts Br ofa at Thong Raneraugetea

7 a ong Kon

© left his post WAS Never punia $a ’ =

Vaumdex, ie te

“~ Jefferson, White
mn October Special events Mountains, N. H

 

——— eS

|

ee
a

 

CUBAN PARTIES’ REQUEST,

Want Clause Concerning Our Relations Taken
From Convention Order.
Special Cable Despatch (o THE SUN,

HAVANA, Aug, 28.—-Seventeen delegates rep-
resenting nine political parties of the provin-
cial branches of parties, met last night and
drew up a telegram to President McKinley
asking him to clarify the order summoning
the constitutional convention by ordering that
the convention will not be bound to discuss
and approve the relations between Cuba and
the United States, such relations being re-
earded as forming no part of & conatitution,
The telegram was not sent owing to the fact
that the delegates of the National party were
not empowered to sign it, they only being
authorized to ask that the order convoking
the convention be explained, It was finally
decided to hold another meeting on Friday,
the National delegates meanwhile consulting
their party as to signing the telegram. The
National party has expressed ita intention to
take part in the elections, and does not want
them delayed. It says that the Conservative
party is trying to induce the Cubans to refrain
from taking part inthe elections in order to
prolong the Intervention

The programme for the reception of the
school teachers who have been visiting the
United States has been completed, They are
expected to arrive here at 8 o'clock on Thursday
morning. They will visit the Cabana fortress,
Those who desire to do so will visit the water
works, ‘Tea will be served at the Tacon Theatre
at 4 o'clock, and there will be a reception there
by the Mayor and other municipal officers at
9 o'clock. Two Spanish plays will be produced
at the Albisu Theatre by a Spanish theatrical
company in honor of the teachers, Subse-
quently they will vieit other places of interest
in Havana.

Gey, Allen Will Forward to Secretary Hay a
Demand for Payment.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

SAN JUAN pe Porto Rico, Aug. 28. -By
to-morrow's mail Gov. Allen will forward
to Secretary of State Hay a statement of the
claim of Porto Rico against Cuba for 4,24,-
869 pesos, and a request for the payment of
the running account from April 21, 1871 to
Oct, 10, 1998, which comprises advances made
to Cuba in accordance with decrees of the
Spanish Government to aid in suppressing
Cuban rebellions

Commissioner Elliott unearthed the vouchers
for these claims {n the books of the Treasurer's
office. He reported that the royal decree
for the loans were imperative and that they
also set forth Cuba's liability therefor. The
precedents for the demand for repayment
are many. Porto Rico loaned money to Santo
Domingo to suppress rebellion there and the
amount thus advanced was repaid. Mexico
also advanced money to Porto Rico and the
obligation was met when due. Porto Rico
loaned Cuba in 1806, 785,211 pesos, in 18097, 916,-
$91, and in 1808, 705,123
been reimbursed iu the amount of 842,524 pesos

Remain Spantards in Cabe.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Maprip, Aug. 28.—The Cuban Consulur re- |

port statés that the Spanish population in Cuba
has refused almost en masse to accept American
oltizenship and that 66,831 householders have
inscribed their names in the registers at the
Spanish Consulates.

 

BIG COPPER DISCOVERY.

 

ported at Howe Sound.

Vancouvan, B.C., Aug. 28.-A mountain of
copper has been discovered at Howe Sound,

within thirty miles of Vancouver, by prospec- |

tor: engaged by HH. W. Treat of New York and
Sir Charies Tupper of Vancouver. Assays from
all over the mountain bave been taken and the
ore runs 6 per cent. On the Daisy claim, the
chief showing {n the group, nature has done,
according to Mr. Treat, what a cane of 200
miners could not do in five years, A s'reim of
water has worn away the soft«c! t andex-
posed a cliff of copper ore 428 feet high. Sur-
face openings have also been made with
powder, which exposes the big quarry 0! copper
for 1,500 feet.

The tremendous cut cropping is less than
half a mile from the famous Britannia group of
prospects which sold in London this week for
$1,600,000. It is sald by Mr. Treat and Sir
Charles that their properties have a bigger
showing than the Britannia group, and the
Britannia mines, according to the report of two
New York engineers, had 0,000,000 tons of low
grade ore {u sight before $9,900 had been
spent on the property.

PROSPEROUS SOUTHERN FARMERS,

 

Commissioners of Agriculture Bring Pleasing
Reports to Their Meeting.

Raveton, N.C., Aug. 28.—The Cotton States
Association of the Commissioners of Agricul-
ture began their second annual meeting here
to-day. Gov. Daniel L. Russell weloomed the
visitors to the city and Col J. A. Redhead of
Missis«ippi responded on behalf of the associa-
tion. In his annual address, President O. B.
Stevens declared that the farmers of the South
wero happier and more prosperous than they
have been in many yeare. With the certuinty
that the present cotton crop would command
good prices. he said that the outlook was ex-
ceedingly bright for the farmers of the South.

To-night the Hon. James W ilaon, United States
Becretary of Agriculture, addressed the axso-
ciation. he spoke of the relation of the National
Department 0: Agriculture to the State De-
partments of Axriculture, and |! ade sugges-

| tlons for improving them, A feature of this

meeting will be the estimate of the present
cotton crop, which will be prepared by the
Cornmiestoners of Agriculture from the different
southern States,

SHIRT-WAIST MAN PUT OUTIOF CHURCH

 

 

Father Powers Would Not Tolerate Murray at
Mass Unless He Wore a Coat.

Danvers, Mass., Aug. 28.-N. J. Murray of
this tewn tried the man's shirt-waist idea to
his embarrassment on Sunday last. The
Rev. Father Powers of the Catholic Church
ordered him out of church because he was
without his coat. He was obliged to borrow
a smoking Jocpet in order to hear mass. H
says that Father Powers, the pastor, walk
down the aisle, and when about fifteen feet
from him, pointed to him and said:

“1 want you to get Out of here.”

“What for?” asked Mr. Murray.

“Because you are not decently dressed; where
{s your coat?” asked Father Powers,

*“L left it at home,” responded Murray.

“Well, go home and get it,” said the pastor.

“But 1 came here to mass and want to stay.
wit you loan me a coat?” responded Murray
to this.

“I am not lending garments; come, out
pf here. Why didn't you leave your shirt at

ome?”

“Because I have one on.”

Murray says he then got up and went out
and went across the street and from a friend
who lived opposite got a emoking ‘Sacket, as
no ordinary coat in the house would fit him,
He returned and took the same seat he had
occupied before.

 

JUMPED FROM CAR AND WAS KILLED,

Mrs. McInery’s Pockethook and Parcels Fell
Ont and She Went After Them.

Mrs. Mary McInery, 63 years old, of Brooklyn
Hills, was killed yesterday afternoon in getting
off a moving trolley car of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit system at Jamaica and Benedict ave-
nues, Woodhaven, L.1., She wag a passenger
on a car bound east. Her pocketbook and

Arce ls feil from her hands and she jumped
on the oar to recover them. She fell upon
the pavement and was picked up unconscious
Bhe 7 taken to the Jamaica Hospital, where
she died in a few utes. Mrs. McInery wase
widow of six w

| were set on fire by the shells of the allies

Altogether she has |

 

| reéstablishing of communication with ;
|

 

“NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29,

ACRES OF RUINS IN PEKIN,

 

WANTON DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY
CAPITAL,

 

tive Houses-All Houses of Foreigners
Borned or Blown Up—Russian Ramor That
Peace Negotiations Have Begun-Allies
Are Going to March Seuth From Pekin.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 28.--An account of the condi
tions prevailing in Pekin, dated Aug. 15, and
mailed thence to Shanghai, whence it was
cabled to-day, says that the capital now pre-
sents an aapect of absolute desolation. The
destruction has been simply appalling. What
used to be Legatiop street is now unrecog-
nizable. All the houses of foreigners have
been either burned, riddled with shells or blown
up. The French legation, which used to have
one of the finest compounds in the city, now
only shows a few portions of its walls stand-
ing. Hundreds of acres covered by natives’
houses have been burned over. There has
been the most wanton destruction of property. |
Buildings which were not burned were pulled

Fire Sweeps Over Hundreds of Acres of Na-
|

down for the mere pleasure of destroying
something,

The top of the city wall is a marvellous sight.
There are brick and sand-bag barricades every
twenty yards, while the underground shelters
are littered with discarded uniforms, hundreds
of cartridge boxes and pouches and even rifles
and apears left behind by the Chinese when they
fled.

At one place close to the American legation
a determined attempt had been made to under-
mine it. A shaft was sunk from the top of a
wall fifteen feet deep, and then continued as
a tunnel, with a sharp slope for some distance
in the direction of the legation. Whether
the Chinese tired of the work or only abandoned
it because of the approach of the allies is not
known, but the existence of the shaft was only
discovered after relief had arrived

The day the allies arrived they burned several
Pires are blazing avery where.
city
The
French, American and Japanese artillery inter-
mittently shelled the Imperial city all day on
Aug. 15

LONDON. Alig. 20.--The Telegraph prints a
St. Petersburg despatch saving thatthe Chinese
legation claims to have received news that
peace negotlations have commenced, and that
atortion of the allied foree will jleive Pekin for
the south to destroy completely the crowds of
Boxers who have fled there

of the city gates

Several buildings within the Imperial

PEKIN'S FEAR OF ATTACK.

French Minister Reports That the Allles Were
Anxious on Aug, 19.
Special Cable Despaiehto THE SUN,

Panis, Aug, 28.—The Foreign Office makes
public the following despatch from M. Pichon,
the French Minister to China, Although the
asspatch is dated Aug. 19, the Government
dedlares that it was received to-day.

“The allies arrived on Aug. 14. They cone |
tinued operations on the tsth, bombarding
the Imperial city and portions of the palace
The French troops entered Pekin on the 16th
after a brilliant engagement in which the Rus-
sians, British and Japanese participated. I
assisted therein, being accompanied by meme |
bers of the legation, including M. De Antionard,
who had accompanied Gen, Frey from Tientsin,

“We entered the palace gardens, where Gen,
Frey established provisional headquarters
The Kmperor and the Empress, with some of
the members of the Government, fled, after ex-
ecuting five or six members of the Tenung-li-
Yamen, who were leas hostile to foreigners.
Yue actual whereabouts of the Emperor and
Empress is unknown.

“The Generals agree in unanimous accord
with the diplomatic body to enter the Imperial |
palace and drive out the remaining Chinese
troops, but to content themselves with marches
ing through the palace, not remaining encamped
therein,

“One of the chief sources of anxiety is the

 

tsin by railway and telegraph. ‘The insecurity
of the roads rendersthe work difficult, but
there is urgent need forita accomplishment,
as fears exist of the aggressive return of the
Boxers and regulars, making it necessary
to take serious precautions.

“Pekin has been divided into police districts
for each body of troops under the command of
the respective Generals. Additional losses |
of the French legation not mentioned in my
first telegram are two sailors, one volunteer,
and Capt. Labrousse, who were killed before
the troops arrived. The total killed while
defending the legation was, therefore, fourteen.
At Peitang five were killed, including Lieut.
Henri.

“The inmates of the legation, including
the Furopean servants, were found in wretched
health. I am golng to the Spanish legation
with Interpreter Morisse and Chancellor Ber- |
theaux. The rest remain in what is left of
the legation and in neighboring Chinese houses
The greater portion of the city is a mass of
ruins.”

TO DETAIN LI HUNG CHANG,

 

French Admiral Reports the Decision of the |
Alltes.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, Aug. 28.—Admiral Courrejollea has re- |
ported tothe Government that the Admirals

| have notified the Ministers in Pekin that they

|

will detain (4 Fung Chang in the roadstead at
Taku until they receive further inatructions. The
Admirals have taken this action ¢n the under-
standing that the diplomatic body does not wish
to negotiate with Farl ld

This is the first i timation received here that
Far! Li has left Shanghai.

FLIGHT OF THE EMPRESS. |

 

She and the Chinese Court Now Reported |
Near Tatyan fu.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

LONDON, Aug, 28.—A news agency despatch
from Shanghai of to-day's date says that,
according to Chinese officers, the Emperor and
the Empress Dowager are in the neighborhood
of Taiyan-fu. They are accompanied ’ by

Prince Tuan.

Paris, Aug. 28.—The French Oonsul at Han-
kow has informed Foreien Minister Delcassé
that he learns that the Emperor and the Empress,
accompanied by Prince Tuan, have reached
Shansi Province

COULDN'T CATCH THE EMPRESS,

Russian and Japanese Cavalry Give Up the
Chase and Return tv Pekin.
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN.
Rome, Aug. 24,-Marquis Salvago Ragai, the
Italian Minister to China, telegraphs from
Pekin tothe Ministry of Foreign Affairs that

the Russian and Japanese cavairy who were
sent in pursuitof the fleeing Empress Dowa-
ger have returned tothe capital, recognizing
thar it was impossible to capture her.

 

 

SECRETLY MARRIED.

Barry Grannis King Writes to His Mother
About His Wedding.

AsBURY PaRK, N. d., Avg. 28.—-Mre. F. King,
mother of Harry Grannis King of New York,
received a letter from her son to-day saying
that he had married Miss [inzie Hunt of Asbury

Park. Mr. King met Miss Hunt here. He left
here last Friday ond, according to his letter,

they were married in the rectory of Hols
iy. Chureh, New York, by the R

ev
Nichols, . King says will retare
to Aebury ‘ark Ka a widdica Ue.
r

 

 

HOLDING BACK,

Her Attitude Delays the Peace Negotiations
° io China,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 28—-The United States
are trying to bring the Chinese peace negotia-
tions to a head, and some of the Powers of
Europe are trying to cause delay. They are
quibbling over Li Hung Chang's authority
to negotiate, while this Government recognized
his credentials on Aug. 18 {no its reply to his
proposal. Apparently diplomatic negotiations
for peace are at a standstill It is the opinion
of officiala of the War Department that the
State Department should now take steps to
bring about conditions where the American
troops can be withdrawn with safety from
China It is the desire of this Government
to have such steps taken, but the United States
cannot act alone.

This Government signified ite willingness
bo treat with TA Hiung Chang when the Govern-
ment he represents showed its willingness and
ability to restore and maintain order in China.
Japan followed the United States in this matter
and Rusela has now also signified her willing-
ness to trea: with Li. Germany and Italy
have absolutely declined and Austria is ex-
pected to follow their lead. France has not
been heard from in this matter and as for Great
Britain, Lord Salisbury has not said whether
Farl Li will be acceptable

The Cabinet considered the situation to-day.
While this Government wishes progress toward
a settlement some of the Powers of Europe,
though not declaring war appear to wish the
chactio state in China to continue. These
Powers either do not recognize any Chinese
Government to deal with or their purpose is
suited better by not recognizing any Govern-
ment in China

The United States have taken the position
that with uniformity of purpose the nations

“at participated in the military movement
with one end in view can successfully negotiate
for the settlement of the indemnity question,
It is potnted out that Germany has just cause
for war, but it is hoped that none of the na-
tions will go to the point of declaring war

The action of the naval commanders at Taku,
as cabled by Admiral Remey last night, in
deciding to interdict Li Hung Chang and keep
him under surveillance, is thought to be the
reflex of thelr similar action on July 4. Ad-
miral Remey did not concur in this action and
he was highly commended to-day by officials
for following the policy of this Government in
accrediting Karl Li. It is not believed that the
action of the Admirals was under orders from
their respective Governments, and for this
reason it is not looked upon as of great import-
ance

GERMANY

ENDLESS CHAIN OF PRAYER.

Pian of the W, C. T. U. Women of ladiana to
Defeat McKinley,

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 28.-~The executive offi-
cers of the Indiana Women's Christian Tem-
perance Union have adopted a novel plan for
campaigning against President McKinley, their
opposition to him being based on his alleged
approval of the army “canteen” system, The

|
| plan is unique in American politics and ts called

the “Presidential prayer chain pledges.”

The phan is to start an endless chain of pray-
ers by having the woman addressed make
prayer herself and send the pledge to two of

| her women friends, each of whom will pray

and will send similar letters to two of her friends.
The praying is to continue until election day.
If the plan succeeds, half the women in the
lt nited States will be praying for McKinley's
defeat by election time. Following is a copy
of the printed prayer chain pledge:

Whereas, President McKinley has shown
that he prefers the favor of the liquor men
of this nation to that of the millions of the Chris-
tlan people who petitionell him to blot out the
canteen scourge from the army: therefore,
I pledge myself as follows

“First--I pledge myself that I will, until
election day, make it aspecialsubjeot of prayer
to my Heavenly Father that He will «ive to
the United States a better man for President
for the next four years, one who will keep wine
off the White House table, who will be a total
abastainer himself, and who will do what he
can to overthrow the liquor traffic

“Second—I furthermore pledge myself to
make at least two copies of this letter, and
mail one copy to some sister in the State in
which | reside, and the other copy to some
sister insome other State.”

On the bottom margin of the pledge is the
Biblical citation: St. Matthew, xviii, 19 “Again
I say unto you, that if two of you shalla«ree
on earth as touching anything that they shall
ask, it shall be done for them of my Father
which is in heaven.”

MERCHANTS FOOLED BY GIRLS.

Two Danghters of Well-to-Do Parents Sent to
Jail on a Charge of Swindling.

BINGHAMTON, Aug. 28.—-Flossie and Essie
Hicks, aged 16 and 18 reapectively, the daughters
of well-to-do parents living at Talmage Hill,
a few miles from this city, have been sent to
jail for thirty days for deceiving merchants
of Sayre and Waverly. The girls, in a spirit

of fun. conceived the idea of persuading mer-
chants to trust them for goods. They broached
the subject to a part: of girl friends and were

dared to make the trial. That settled it. and
the girls started out to do the town
They were unexpectedly successful, and

when they asked certain merchants to charge
goods, ne fictitious names, the mer-
chants fell nto the trap and consenied.
Finally one of the Waverly merchants,
J. P. Falsey, hesitated when asked to
charge a seven-dollar shoe bill and told
the girls to come !n later. He communicated
with the resident to whom the goods were to
be charged and was informed that deceit had
been practi-ed- Then he communicated his

discovery to others and the police of both
laces were notfled. A search of the
owns was made for the girls and they

were discovered loaded down with buncles
about to board a train for this city
were in high glee over the success of their
joke ani highly indignant with the officers
or interfermg. They frankly admitted ob-
taining the goods and when sentenced to thirty
days in the Tioga jall by a Justice they broke

down completely.
ELECTION RIOTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.

Two Men Killed and Several Wounded—Cram
Smoak One of the Latter,

CoLtumata, 8. ©., Aug. 28 —There were two
bloody fights at the polls in this State to-day,
where a primary election was being held for
every office from Trial Justice to United States
Senator. The first had the dimensions of a
riot and oceurred at Midway, Bamber county
John Bessinger is said to have started the
trouble by attacking Crum Smoak because of
differences as to Tillman's course in this cam-
peisn, The men first began fighting with

ts, but Smoak's relatives coming to his res-
cue, pistols were drawn on both sides. Bes-
singer was killed, and Edward Crider and
Crum Smoak were mortally wounded. Dick
Smoak was shot in the arm.

In West Dunkin precinct, Greenville county
pistols, knives and chibs figured in a general
ght overt the coptest for Governor. Hoyt,
the Prohibition candidate, comes from that
county, Pinckney Jordan was killed, being
shot three times through the body. Henry
Owens was apport disembowelled, and Edward
Owens had his hand nearly severed at the
wrist. Several others were badly cut and
beaten

 

Broadway Merchants Complain of the Noise,

Acting Mayor Guegenheimer has recelved
several complaints from Broadway merchants
about the noise made by the workmen who
are changing the tracks of the cable road so
that under trolley electric power may be in-
stalled. Mr. Guegenheimer sent instructions
to Highway Commissioner Keating yesterday
to see what can be done in the matter.

On a Water Level

from ernter of New York to center of Chicago and all
the way in ht of @ riveror lake if you take the
New York tral. Ade

rn TRAITS

.
.

THIRDTERM FOR WOODRUFF

a”
IT WAS BELIEVED YESTERDAY THAT

HE WILL BE RENOMINATED.

---e

 

Lieatenant-Governor's Friends Persistently

1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

Urging Him for First Place on the State |

Ticket, or, Failing That, for Renomination
~Slate Declared to Be Odell and Woodruff,

The Hon, Timothy L, Woodruff, Lieutenant-
Governor of the State, will not down, Acoord-
ing to the very best authority yesterday Mr.
Woodruff «till believes that he is to be nemi-
hated for Governor by the Republican State
Convention, which is to assemble at Saratoga
on Sept. 4

This recalls a little conversation which Mr.
Woodruff is said to have had with Senator Platt
at the Hotel Walton during the National
Convention in Philadelphia. It will be remem-
bered that the New York delegation got into
such a tangle there that eventually {t became
necessary to tie itself up to some candidate
for Vice-President, and as a last resource the
delegation in caucus voted for Mr. Woodruff,
Mr. Woodruff knew at the time that he was
not to be nominated, for the reason that the
Republican deleggtes from every State and
Territory in the Union demanded the nomina-
tion of the Hon. Theodore Roosevelt. But
Mr. Woodruff can see through a millstone
when there is a big hole in it, and so, it is re-
ported, he said to Senator Platt

“Why, Senator, if I am not nominated here
for Vice-President and I am not nominated
for Governor of the State of New York this
fall, 1 will be out of office.”

“Good Lord!” Senator Platt is said to have
replied, “you don’t say so, Tim. Well, let me
say to you there are hundreds of thousands of
good Republicans out of office.”

So Mr.Woodruff went away to Europe. He
said before going that if Mr. Odell could not be
{nduced to take the nomination for Governor
he, Mr. Woodruff, would certainly make a fight
for the nomination. As is generally known
Mr. Odell did not desire the honor, but
the demand for his nomination has been so
universal throughout

vention are of the same mind on Tuesday next
as they are now he will accept the nomination
Senator Platt and all the leading Republicans,
Gov. Roosevelt and all hands, not forgetting
ex-Mayor William L. Strong and a great many
independent Republicans, have thrown up
their hands for joy over the prospect of Mr
Odell's nomination. It Is their testimony that
he is very strong with all classes of Republicans
and good citizens generally in the State of
New York

Notwithstanding all this it was ascertained
yesterday on indubitable authority that Mr.
Woodruff still believes he has a chance to be
nominated for Governor. [t was insisted
though that unleas something new as to the
rules governing the Republican State Conven-
tion is diseovered there will be no roll call of

the State that he has |
at last decided that if the delegates to the con- |

 

 

the counties in the convention and Mr. Odell |

will be nominated by acclamation. [f it is
necessary under the rules of the convention
to call the rol] of counties, it has been decided,
it was said yesterday, to have the Hon.Chauncey
M. Depew, junior Republican Senator from the
Ktate, put Mr. Odell tn nomination. But Mr.
Odell’s nomination for Governor is already
assured, and as to that there can be no mis-
take.

Tur Scw~ has already announced that Lieut.-
Gov. Woodruff is to be terWporary chairman
of the convention and Senator Stranahan of
Oswego permanent chairman. But up came
a surprise yesterday. It was ascertained
from the very best source that the nomination
of Mr. Woodruff again for Lieutenant-Governor
to run with Mr. Odell is seriously contemplated
Mr. Woodruff has already occupied the office
two terms. For many years there has been
antagonism in Republican circles to third
termism. Mr, Woodruff has said many times
to his pewsonal friends that he did not care to be
renominated for Lieutenant-Governor, But
for all that, the slate yesterday was Odell and
Woodruff, for the reason hat Mr. Woodrnff's
friends are persistently urging him either for
first place or for second place, and some
influential Republicans believe that the best
way out of the situation is to give Mr. Woodruff
a third nomination for Lieutenant-CGovernor

Chairman Odell of the Republican State Com-
mittee went toNewborghlestnight. A report
had been circulated to the effect that there was
trouble between Senator Platt and Gov. Roose
velt over the selection of a candidate for Lieu-
tenant-Governor. Mr. Odell said:

“Senator Platt, Gov. Roosevelt and all the
leaders desire the nomination of a man for
Lieutenant-Governor who will be @ vote-getter.
We all agree that the strongest man available
should be nominated, whether he is closely
identified with the organization or not, The
candidate for Lieu tenant-Governor has not been
decided upon, and is not likely to be selected
until the delegates to the State Convention are
in Saratoga. Many names are discussed and
some of them are those of very strong men, but
ft ‘s yet to be decided who is the strongest.
Personal feeling will not be considered in the
selection.”

Senator Platt said that the candidate for
Lieutenant-Governor had not been selected,
but further than that he would not go. Senator
Platt added that he believed the State of New
York was safely Republican this year, and that
the finest fight possible was to be put up for
McKinley and Roosevelt and the Republican
State ticket to be nominated at Saratoga. Just
the same, it is positively known that Mr. Wood-
ruff's friends insist that he shall be nominated
for a third term, and that unless the situation

| greatly changes between now and convention

They |

time his ambition in that direction is likely to
be gratified, nar a

A TRAIN'S SUCTION

Drew in a Child So That She Was Strack by
the Car Steps.

RocKVILLE CENTRE, L. |, Aug. 28. Abbie
Lawrence, 10 years old, daughter of John A.
Lawrence of this place, is suffering from com-
pound fractures of the left leg and right arm,
besides other injuries received yesterday after-
noon. The child was on the railroad platform
here when the Montauk express, westbound,
yvassed at the rate of forty miles an hour. The
rain sucked the child in and she was struck
by the steps of one of the rear cars and re-
ceived injuries that may result fatally

 

CENSUS RESULTS.
Boston's Population, 560,802; That of San
Francisco, 342,782.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.—-The Census Office
gave out these resul's to-day:

Boston's population in 1900, 560,802; in 1890,
448,477; increase 112,415, or 25.07 per cent.
Population in 1880, 362,839, increase between
1880 and 1800, 85,038, or 23.00 per cent.

San Francisoo—Population in 1800, 342,-
782; in 1800, 208,007; Increase 43,785, or 14.44

r cent. Population in 1880, 238,050; increase
between 1880 and 1890, 65,088, or 27.80 per cent.

 

LIEUT. CRIMMINS HOME.
Has Returned From the Philippines—Is in Fa-
vor of Keeping the Islands,
StamrorpD, Conn., Aug. 28.--Lieut. Martin F.
Crimmina of the Sixth Regiment United States
Infantry, who has been serving {n the Philip-
‘ines, arrived at the home of his father, John
} Crimmins, at Commanders Point at late hour
last night. Lieut. Criraming is tnuch impressed
with the Philippines, so much so that he intends
to return there, although it is believed he could
‘ a trp sfer to the United States if he deatred.
f eut. Crimmins takes no stock In the anti-in-
perialistic talk now being indu in or

ere
ape ig in favor of the nt States

\

Partly cloudy and cooler to-day;

*

NEW SUBMARINE BOAT.

British Admiralty Making Experiments With
One That Promises to Be Successful,
Special Cable Despatch to TUE SUN,

LONDON, Aug. 28—The Admiralty is drawing
stores from Woolwich and other nava) stations
for an official trial of a newly designed sub-
marine boat. Prior experiments with the boat
have proved satisactory. She submerges and
travels well,

She is so constructed as to allow of her pass-
ing under an enemy's heaviest warahip. Thus
a submarine mine charged with 500 pounds of
uncotton can be attached to a hostile vessel
and the boat will have time to get out of danger
before the mine is exploded. The boat is fitted
with two tubes for discharging torpedoes, both
above and below the water. She is armed with
quick-firing and machine guns.

Tt is asserted that she is able to encounter
successfully the largest ironclad afloat.

EX-PRESIDENTS FOR ARBITRATORS.

 

Places on the Internutional Board Offered to
Mr. Cleveland and Gen. Harrison,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.—EFx-Presidents Har-
rison and Cleveland have been asked by Presi-
dent McKinley to serve as members of the
International Board of Arbitration authorized
by the Treaty of The Hague.

Each of the nations which are parties to the
treaty ia entitled to four members of the board
for the settlement of international differences,
and the names of the other two members form-
ing the quota of the United States will be an-
nounced when replies are received from the
ex-Presidents. So far as is known here the
United States are the first of the great Powers
to demonstrate good faith in carrying out the
provisions of The Hague treaty by the ap-
pointment of arbitrators.

JUMPED BLINDFOLD TO DEATH.

Old Mrs, Gluck Didn't Want Her Courage to
Fall Ber at the Last Moment.

After blindfold ng herself so that her courage
would not fail at the last moment Mrs Ida
Glick leaped from the roof of the #ix-story
tenement at 803 East Third street, yesterday,
and fell to the street below. She turned fn
the air, struck on her back and was instantly
killed, The woman was 60 years old) She
lived with a son and daughter at 5& Chrystie
street, but she had been spending a few days

 

; with her married daughter, Mrs. Geffen, who

lives on the top floor of the tenement from
which Mra Glick jumped. [llneas and the
resulting despondency are supposed to have
caused her act.

SCALES DYNAMITED,

COAL

Miners Woeulda't Join in a Labor Movement
~Use of Explosives Followed.

CUMBERLAND, Md., Aug. 28.—The scales of
the Potomac Coal Company at the Potomac
mine, pear Barton, this county, were blown up
with dynamite at 8 o'clock to-night. The
Gorman and Caledonia miners during the day
held a meeting and asked for a check weigh-
man. They waited on the Potomac miners
and aske! them to Join in the movement, but
these decided not to ask for a check weigh-
man. The explosion is regarded as a sequel to
this incident. None of the Potomac miners is
blamed.

TOLD OF THE MURDER HIMSELF.
American Oficial in Gaatemala Telegraphs to
President Cabrera Confessing Homicide.

NEW ORLEANS, La, Aug. 28 James P. Bill, a
American citizen, a native of San Francisco,
who has been superintendent of the telegraph
service of the Republic of Guatemala for many
years ina fitof insanity shot and killed a native,
Camelio Enriques, a boy of 17, who was a tele-
«raph operator at Mevales, a small station on
the Guatemala Northern Ratlroad. Ail) had
attacked and shot at another American, a man
by the name of Reeves from Tyler, Tex, but
was disarmed by him. Reeves telegraphed to
the Guatemala authorities about Hill's action
and Enriques was sending off the telegram
when Hill interfered. and a scuffle ensued In
which Enriques was killed, betng shot through
the head Hill then te'egraphed to the President:

“Cabrera of Guatamala: I have shot and
killed” Camelio Enriques, telegraph operator
Morales. Am trying to escape ‘ire me at
Puerto Barrios.”

He was captured at Puerto Barrios. Hillisa@
right-hand man of President Cabrera

BRINGS COMPLAINT FROM GUAM.

An American Who Acted as First Governor
Tells of Capt. Leary’s Rule.

San Francisco, Aug. 28.~Frank P. Portu-
sach, the fgst American Governor of Guam,
arrived on the steamer China to-day with his
four motherless children. He expects to leave
for Washington in a few days to present to
the Navy and State departments the com-
jlaints of the residents of Guam against Coy,
wary. Portusach said to-day:

‘Gov. Leary’s great mistake was in trving
to make the people of Guam adopt new customs
that were repugnant to them. He actually
tried to stop the church bells from ringing
and even sent a sergeant to church to stop the
bells during a funeral.”

Portusach was the only American citizen
at Guam when the island was seized by Capt
Glass, who. made him Governor. He served
satisfactorily until the arrival of Capt, Leary
The latter has since been relieved at his own
request

 

TAYLOR FRARS ABDUCTION.
Former Governor Desires to Campaign in In-
diane Only in the Daytl e.

LovumsviL_e, Ky., Aug. 28.—-Ex-Gov. W. 8
Taylor has notified the Republican Campaign
Committee of Indiana that while he is willing
to stump the State for the National and State
ticket this fall his dates must be arranged so
that all his travelling will be done in the day-
light He says that he has reason to believe
that the Democrats of Kentucky would hesitate
at nothing in order to bring him back for trial
for the murder of Goebel, and that if possible
he would be abducted, or, failing in that, that
other means might be used to avenge the assaa-
sination. Opposition has developed in Jeffer-
sonville, Ind., to havi Taylor speak there,
because it is 80 Close to Louisville that trouble
might ensue

 

HER OWN CHILD.

TRIED TO STRAL

Rose Innes Fights Her Sister-in-Law for Pos-
session of the Little One,

Rose Innes's husb@nd died three years ago,
leaving her with a three-weeks-old daughter.
The mother had no home of her own and had
to gooutto work. Her brother, Frank MoGrath,
of 305 East Thirty-fifth street, and his wife,
Nellie. took the baby. The mother went to
her brother's home last night, grabbed the
little one out of the crib and ran downstairs

to the street. Mrs, McGrath followed and
caught the mother in front of the East Thirty-
fifth street station, where the two women fought
for possession of the child. They were arrested
for disorderly conduct, and the little girl was
sent to the Gerry Society, Mrs. McGrath
was released on bail furnished by her husband.

 

OCEANIC IN AFTER A FLYING TRIP.

White Star Glantess Has Broken Her Own
Record and Came Near the Teutonic's.

The White Star liner Oceanic, giantess of
seu craft, which sailed from Liverpool last
Wednesday and from Queenstown the next
day, was reported southeast of Fire Island
at 1058 o'clock last night. She has broken
her own record from Daunt’s Rock to Sandy
Hook lightship and probably has come pretty
close to the swiftest run of the Teutonic, the
crack fiver of the White Star Line. Her time
is estimated to be 5 days and about 18 hours,

his is the firat time she bas been reported on

vesduy night, Among her passengers are
Ini ad dear ke Sas ee

nett CC

fair to-morrow,

PRICE TWO

 

—————

CENTS.

 

SIEGHAN AND BOYLE LOSE,

THEY ARE DEPEATED, WHILE GRUBER
WINS AT THE PRIMARIES,

Tammany Men Yell ‘Fraud’ at Fach Other
inthe Ninth and Seventh Assembly Dis-
tricts-Sheehan and Goodwin Men Ar-
rested~Alexander T. Mason Accuses Prest-
dent Greene of the Coanty Committee
of Unfair Dealing — Other Contests,

 

The enrolled voters of the Republican party
and of Tammany Hallelected delegates at yester-
day's primaries to the various conventions
which will be held this fall and to the county
committees, Of the twelve fghta which were
on, seven among the Republicans and five
anong the Democrats, two resulted in the
defeat of the present district leaders. Both of
the leaders who were knocked ont by the voters
were Tammany men

They were Kast River Bridge Commiasioner
James W. Boyle whose ticket recetved onl:
608 votes, against 2.258 votes polled by ex
Alderman Patrick H. Keahon, who was opposed
tohim, andJohn C. Sheehan. ex-leader of Tam-
many Hall, who was defeated in the Ninth dis.
trict by Councilman Frank J. Goodwin and
Clerk of the City Court Thomas F. Smith, Rieh-
ard Croker’s private secretary. The defeat of
Mr. Sheehan was not unexpected for the Good-
win-Smith faction beat him aft the March pri-
maries, Mr. Goodwin will suceeed Mr. Shashan
as executive member from the Ninth when the
Tammany Executive Committee reorganizes
in December. Mr. Sheehan declares his de-
feat was due to fraud, and that he will carry
the matter into the courte

Col, Abraham Gruber won in the Republican
fightinthe Twenty-first, easily defeating George
C. Austin, the leader of the opposition. In the
March primaries, when the first fight was made
by Mr. Austin against Col, Gruber, the Colonel
received 1,038 votes and Mr, Austin received

1,621. The sueceas of Mr. Gruber means that
William 8. Bennet will be nominated for As-
Bembly in the Twenty-firat

The other fights did not amount to much,
although there was some disorder during the
day.

In the Twenty-first district Col. Abraham
Gruber, the poet-politician, once more downed
those who would put his light under a bushel.
He got oearly two votes for every one that
his opponent, George ©. Austin, received,
| Or about 1,850 to 1,000, and when the result of
the polling became apparent he made a speech
to his followers in which he notified them that
he intended to send Mr. Austin as a delegate
from the district to the State convention at
Saratoga, and that for the rest of the campaign
he waoted it understood that all the efforts of
the Republicans of the Twenty-first were to be
put forth to turning out a majority of 6,000
for McKinley and Roosevelt in the district,

The voting went on steadily all day. Mr.
Gruber's friends were easily distinguished by
the white ribbon badges they wore, inscribed
with the names of the national Republican can-
didates and in small type down in one corner,
“Abraham Gruber, leader.”

The Gruber workers were wildly active for
the last hour before t he polls closed and a rumor
got abroad that they were sho rt of the numper
of votes they thought they needed The Austin
men were tly elated. At 10 o'clock when
the returns an to come in, however, it became
apparent to the folks o both parties that there
was no cause for the slight apprehengion in
the Gruber camp.

Col. Gruber sat with his two lieutenants,
William 8 Bennet, who is to be Mr. Gruber’s
candidate for the Assembly, and George Sned-
den in the Riverside Republican Club, 157 Weat
Ninety-seventh street. Ae election dis-
trict captain came in with his report the little
Colonel rose up and shook him by the hand
and roared out the figures that had been re-
ported. Then the rest of the members of the
club. roared and all who could went up and
climbed over the table and hugged Gruber
and told him what a at man was. By
half past 10 o'clock all but three districts were
in and the Riverside Club could not contain
itself any longer.

“Get a band!” roared the Colonel, and added
up the figures all over again to be sure that
no mistake had been made.

“Get a band,” yelled the crowd at the door,
and the cry echoed down the street, “Get a band
Get a band!”

Co). Gruber stood on a chalr and m a
speech. He announced that he wan all
his election district captains to meet in
the club rooms to-night to take counsel with
him. ‘Then he turned to the crowd.

‘Gentlemen, there is no better organiza-
tion man than am I in this city of New York
There is no man, though, more determined
to see that I have my rights as an organization
man. I have composed a poem which seems
to me to fit the occasion

Hear our song of Jubilation
You who shouted Isolation,’
Once more in our district fights
We have won our spurs and rigbis
We forgive them for the blunder.
Hut we wont agaln, by thunder,
Give us leave our strength to try on
Democrats and Mr. Bryan."

Mr. Gruber’s followers thought that this was
awork of genius and applauded it as such,
Then the Colonel Went on;

“The only thong we want to doin this district
| now is to turn out a majority of 6,000 for
McKinley and Roosevelt. ‘here is no need for
this district, as it has been going

a  —
ES

any fight in %
on for the last ninety days. Now next Satur-
day itis my intention to elect George Austin @:

a delegate from thi> district to the State @on-
vention.”

The announcement was greeted with cheers
and Hoots, applause and his es equally inter-
mingled) Atnanwit! a banner on whieh was
nscriv’d on one sive “Gruber aud Victory
and on the other “Oh, Mr. Austin’’ rushed
{nto the room. shouting “The band is here!"
Everybody piled out into the street and, with
Col. Gruber in front of the band, made for the
Austin headquarters at the Repubilean Club ot
e Twenty-first Assembly district in Ninety-
sixth street.

The approach of the noisy crowd caused the
Austin clubrooms to show the first sign of life
that. had been made there auring the night
The Austinites gathered on the steps and eye;
the Colonel's followers tn silence unt 1 Gruber
lifted his hat and shoute. “Three cheers for
Austin!” Than the Austin men began to cheer
and wave theirhats, and as the paraders turned
and came back by the house they all shouted
lustily for Gruber. Some of them fell in be
hina the procession. The line of march went
all over the district with short pauses at many
corners. Mr. Austin said he - ould have hat
more votes If so many of his folks were not out
of town for the summer

In the Ninth district John C. Sheehan fatled
to retain his leadership, He was beaten after
a hard fight by Frank Goodwin, who had the
whole power of Tammany Hall behind him.
Mr. Sheehan decjared that not only Tammany
Hall, but the police force joined in the effort
to beat him by unlawful means. The figbt in
the Ninth was even hotter than it was at t
two previous contests. When the polls ope
at 2 o'clock at most all the polling places there
were lines of men waiting to cast their ballots
The Sheehanites asserted that most of these
men were imported from Brooklyn and
Kast Side of Manhattan to repeat There was
much squabbling all during the day and ad-
herenta of each side were arrested The Shee-
hanites declare, however, that many of their
complaints against Goodwin's followers for
illegal voting were unheeded ay the police.

At the polling place 519 Ninth avenue there
was almost a riot when the polls were opened
Twenty-five of Goodwin's followers were in
line and refused to permit the Sheehanites
to enter the polls until they had cast their bal-
lots. TheS eepeniion declared that most
of the twenty-five were imported from the
Fast Side and called upon the police to prevent
their voting. The police refused. Word was
sent to Sheehan and he rushed over to the West
Twentieth street police station and appealed
to Cont Moynihan. The captain sent a squad
of pollee to the polling place, but when they
arrived the twenty-five voters had deposited
their ballots and cone away

Chief of Police Devery was in the district fn
the afternoon. He was accused by the Bhee-
hanites of throwinw all his influence against
their leader. Late in the_afternoon v
went into the saloon of W. W. Kenney, Be
Fighth avenue, and threatened to arrest the

roprietor if he did not close his piece. Be told
Kenney that he had information that he had been
sending out illegal voters from his place to
yote for Shev-han. Rather than be a t
Kenney ehut up shop Devery explai bis
conduct later by saving that he had ed
information on Tuesday to the effeot t
Kenney was colons ne, and #0 risaelees?
aet ves W watoh the a nding his

NY one veri he cle the olan,

oo in the even
up . Ne told all the e Behan, me ‘and

  

ee
rr

 

iy