ae — =

all his followers that Tammany Hall, the police
and the repeaters had been too mueb for hin
He declared that up to that hour he knew posl-
tively that more than six hundred repeaters had
voted and that be expected at least another
hundred would vote before the. polls were
cloned. He said that apreals to the police for
redress were of no avail, because they bad or-
ders from above not to interfere

Immediately after Um poll closed great
crowds gathered in fromt of the Horatio Bey-
mour Club on Eighth avenue, bet ween Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth «treets and in front of
the Pequod Club on Twenty -ftth stheet, jist
enat of Flehth avenu: The Seymour
Club ia the headquarters of the Goodwinites

Bheebanites, The adherents of each faction
gathered around the rwpective headquarters |
fo await the returns When they first bewanto
come in the Sheehanite. plucked up courage, for
as district after district was reported it became |
a rent that the race was to be very close and
the excitement grew io be intense
The rival crowds cheered whenever the news
favored thelr particular candidate, and they
yelled and hooted at each other fs
though every minute there might be |
a physioal collision At 1 o'elock |
all the returns were in save from
two districts, The Goodwinites were
then olaiming the elecwon by about @ hundred, |
while the Sheehamtes flaured that their man
wasonly about fifteen votes behind, The missing
distriote were the Twenty-first and the Twenty
second. If they returned a majority for
Sheehan, he would win. ‘The crowd In the
Pequod Club was sumply wild with excitement.
Pretty soon @ nan rushed up to the third floor
where the ex-Police ( onunisioner was sitting
surrounded by Senator Louls Munzioger anda
number is chief lientenants and announced
that the Twenty-first and ‘I wenty-second dis-
triots wave Sheehan a majority of forty. In-
stantly there wasahowlof Joy. The Sheehanites
went mad. They yelled out of the windows to
6 crowd below that their tleket had won.
in the atreet took itup and brought out
a Ale and drum corps to celebrate the victory,
marched around the streets y elling and
and lmoting, and wondering wha
Gries. of the Goodwinites, who had di--
appeared from their headquarters In afew
minutes this crowd too came down, the
street with a band and with flaws, They
ere «ure they had won by tore thana
dred, and inmmediudely there was a revision
of the figures, [t waa discovered that Senator
Munginger, who was keeping the Sheehan
| record fia entered wrongly the returna from
; the Nineteenth Fiection district, which had
, giver a vote of 78 for Goodwin and 32 for
‘

   

han. Murminger gotit twisted and save

Sheehan 73 and Goodwin 32 Then

; the correcied retires came in from
; the two missing district and the Sheehan men
were obliged to give it up, admitting a major-

4 ity against them of 50°) | he Goodeinites claim

a ority of | k-ven after this many of the
hee anites did not know that their favorite
bad lost, and continued until early morning
drinking his health in the Eighth avenue saloons,
Upon realizing thathe had beeu beaten Mr
Bheehan said that he tntended to fight the re-
sult in the courts, and make a contest in the
te convention
“One of the reasons,’ he aaid, “for the great
, bt which Tununany Hall has made in this
; district is that they feared the three delegates
from this district would be for Coler, and Lam
@oing w take thw case to the State con-
vention and cortest ft there, even if I
lose. I will base my contest in the courts
obiefly on the fact that the ballots used
3 by the Goodwin men were marked for identifi-
Go. The priniing is easily seen on the back
of the ballot, and can be felt even with the fin-
gers, This was a deliberate fraud and when we
protested, forma.!y asking that the inspectors
write across each ballot thatit was marked for

iu “4 of identijcation, they refused to do so,
Bithough the law absolutely requires it

The voting in the Sixth Assembly district
Was grade interest{ng by the attempt of George
e ner to overthrow the Republican leader,
es E. March, who is the Warden of the Port
wnt the latter won eaaily, carrying all but
five districts, there w:

considerable excite-
ment at some of the po places, and in one
ers trouble oecurred., %

 

= norerte

Ree

his was in a barber

shop at 64 Bond street, In which Policeman
Dillon was stationed About 7
5 o’clook Frank MeAvoy of 314 Broome
etre led a wang) of = about fifty

at

man who attempted to vote on names that had
Peon voted on alrendy. Dillon ordered all of
the men out, whereupon the gang turned upon
hi knocking hitn down and beating fim
with his own club. A policeman passing saw
the row and notified the Mercer atreet station
i A patrol wagon with @ sergeant and thirty
men went around on the double quick and the
crowd melted in a twinkling
McAvoy was found lying on the sidewalk
the crowd was dispersed. He was feign-
ing to be unconscious and was locked up, At
some of the other polling places Mr. March's
captains were roughly handled, but no other
arrests were made
In the Seventh district. East River Bridge,
Cormmiasioner James W. Boyle, who has been
the Tammany leader for nine years, met with
an overwhelming defeat at the hands of Patrick
Keahon, the boss truckman and ex-Alderman.
The total vote {tn the twenty-five election
: districts for Kealion was 2,264 against 608 votes
for Boyle. The latter only carried one dis-
: trict, e Twenty-fifth, and in another sne-
i. | ceeded in getting a tle vote. In the other |
[ twenty-three districts he was beaten by over-

a
ee

4

ay

last night after the result became known and
to see any but his closest friends

The hordites were jubilant. Firecrackers
t and fireworks were ordered by the bushel as
a the afternoon wore on and we reports of the
' defection from Boyle camein. Keahon ordered
two da to hold themselves in readiness, but
Boyle when he hiewrd of it gave similar orders

ughout wie day there was very little

trouble at the polls but plenty of excitement
‘ One gang of five repeaters was discovered in
‘y the Beventh primary district, but the Keahon
i. watohers followed the men around in four
‘
t

I fife | whelming majorities, his own district, the
pity wenty-third, giving him only is votes to
i 4 { eahon's 43

k f Mr. Boyle refused to make any statement
5

ref

———

tion districts and challenged the votes
t night the polling places were crowded,
while Eighth avenue near Fourteenth street
was thronged wilh people waiting to hear the
vote. Keahon's headquarters were at 196
hth avenue, in front of which was a bie
letin board, on which the figures by elec-
tlon districts were gtven. The first result
recetved was the vole in the Eleventh dis. |
trict, which stood 77 for Keahon against |
11 for Boyle When this was announced
there was the wildest sort of cheering and }
as each election district with but (wo exceptions
showed similar results the crowd velled for the |
new leader until it was hoarse, Mr Keahon «tayved |
down on the sidewalk most of the time, the |
centre of a surging crowd, every one trying to |
shake his hand. His friends hung out over the |
sidewalk a big floral horseshoe and there was |
redoubled cheering. When seven districts |
were atill to be heard from Keahon ordered |
out the bands, bornbs= were sent off and Eighth
vanue looked like a cafion of red fire. One
- 3 da marched around with a big crowd at its
Is while the other stayed to help along the
enthusiasm at headquariers. Throughout the
} district the rejoicing appeared to be equally
! marked.

The attemy)t of Joseph T. Hackett to over-
throw Franklin 4. Miller, the Republican leader
in this district, did not meetwith the same sue-
ceesa, Miller carrying all butsix of the twenty-
j five election districts and beating Hackett by

f votes

y | n the Fourteenth, when it became apparent

that the present Republican leader, James 4

Fosnan was snowing under+his opponent,
‘rank f Drummond, the latter said

“Well, I suppose the best man wins. I'm
beaten, but In: a good Republican and shall
oan tand by the organization in this |

rot, |
The total vote was 582 for Pegnam and 110
for Drummond. Peenam said that he might
eve Drurmamond on account of the circulars
the latter had issued whieh Pegnam said were
bellous

The Tammany Hall contest in the Thirteenth
- Assembly district,in which J. J. O'Brien sought
to wrest the leadership from P. J. Dooling
resulted in an overwhelming victory for Doo-

aa aetna rere noo
acerca ss aes =

te

ling. He carried every one of the nineteen |
it election districts and won by a vote of 1,200
i to 840. O'Brien was not dismayed by the re-

eult, and declared that he would continue the
war on Doolin

In the Twenty-fifth distriet the
forces heagced by Herbert E. Parsons put up a

{ Assembly
| vigorous fight against the leadership of Charles

  
 

Ne ee

A. Hess, but the Hess ticket was Vietorious by
i a vote of 651 to 360, with two districts which are
known to be favorable to Hess to hear from

i The Hess tleket won in sixteen of the twenty.
, w five election cistriets. The candidates tor the
8 Republican County Committee were the same on |
4 ; both tickets with the exception that on the
y $ opposition ticket the name of Dr D. RB. St

John Roosa had been substituted for Hess's,
Mr. Hess will not accept the leadership of the

 

  

 

   

 

 

lf district for another year. The eight newly
of. elected delegates to the County Committee are
t Gen. Francis V. Greene, Job BE Hedges, George
ts | G eKenzie, Charlies A. Hess, Henry Hirrell
oe , William H. Wadhams, MeDougall Hawkes ane
a ih Henry Pollack
P - | The Republicans in the Twenty-ninth As-
- a \e sembly district, headed by Alexander T. Mas: n,
i os j were Victoribus over the oppositi om, Which was
r | | led by A. L. M. Hullowa d John &. Tebbetts
i ' The Vote for members of the Rep in County |
fe Committee was 406 for M iw for the |
a ie ' qepomton, Former Mayor Strong was on both |
hae . | ckets. Mr. Mason gave out the lowing
— | s i Statement last night Gen, Greene gave the
a iH | Opposition managers a copy of the ticket con.
’ ' taining our candidates,which is an unheard of |
|: i thing, and he gave them an opportunity to get
fe . up @ ticket intended to deceive the volers,which |
a! ' | later on produce a rumpus in the dounty
om | commitice z
; ammany primaries in the Twenty-
j third Assembly district resulted in the « lection
; of Leader Thomas F. McAvoy. The vote of
; ' t thirty-five election districts was McAvoy,
a. 2 2,497; Reynolds, 658. The McAvoy adherents
had @ parade and McAvoy made a speech to
ie: them at their headquarters, 527 West 1g1st
; 6 in which he denounced Reynolds
ia he fight of William J. Kennedy ngainet
y Isaac A. Hopper in the Thirty-first Assembly
7 district for the Tammany leadership, resulted
p ee Bepeer victory by & vote of 1 500 to 650
| Oo © Thirty-second Assembly district

joan primaries, John R.Reid was defeated

by the present leader, Isaac Newman, by a
vote fats for Newman to 879 for Reid. George
w mbury, the chairman of the Board of

 

The Pequod Club i the headquarters of the | A

j ine Democrat

; Was very

} vote of 1,472 to 1,545
| own election district by five votes

| come.
Bristow was claiming victory by a small ma- |

| of

} and Ste rs early

Republican Inspectors for the Twenty-second
election district at 1650 Lexington avenue
uuthiv ballot in the box when the polls opens
iat Mbit d after he had dove so ound
that the transfer he had secured! from the Board
of Klections allowing him to vote there had not

been recorded on the books He loformed
his fellow inspectors, and after considerable |
discuasion {t was decided that he had better |
be arrested Hie was accordingly locked up

| inthe Fast 100th «treet station on the complatot
| of Arthur Kolb of 163 Bast loath street
| The Democratic primares in the aunexed
| district whieh takes in Willlarnsbridae, Wake
' fleld, West Chester and C1 I-land were carried

by Thomas O'Neill, the Tammany leader, over

fH. Morris, owner of the Morris Park race-
track, The flalt in the district waa one. of
the hottest since it has been annexed, Mr
Morris and Judge Penfield with other lead-

who faver Coler made a deter-
mined effort to retire O'Neil who is a black-
amith, but failed
to the chances of Mr. Morris to be nominated
for Congress by the Democrats of the Sixteenth
district

The following are the Executive Committees
of the Republican County Committee and the
Tammany Hall organization for the municipal
campaign of 1001, as the result of last night's
rimariea, The committees will organize in
Heer tiber, and these lists, of course, are subject
to chinge between nowend then Here are
the list.

REPUBLICAN EXPCUTIVE COMMITTRE,

Dist Firecutive Member
1v George KR Bidwell,
20 &. Norton Goddard,

1901

Dist Erecutire Member
1 Martin Hl. Healey.
2 Dennis Shea

 

3 Fred Haldy 21 Abraham Gruber,
4P. J. O'Brien 22 Charlies K. Lexow
5 Cornelius Van Cott 23 Foster F. Potter

6 James March 24 Smith Pine.

25 (Not selected.)

26 Jastrow Alexander.
27 James W. Perry
26 Jonn H, Gunner.

7 Franklin Miller

& Charles H. Murray
0 Prederick 8. Gtbbs
 rerdinand Fidma

1

1} John P. Windolph 2u (Not selected)

12 John Steidling 40 John C. Graham

13 Herman Joveshof $1 Silas C. Croft

14 James PV. Pegnam 32 Isaac Newman

15 George W. Wanmaker 83 Frank Raymond

16 George Hilllard 34 Willlam H, Ten Fyck,
17 Jotin Relsenweber 35 Edward H. Healy

1

5 Willlam Henkel Annes, Seward Kaker

TAMMANY EXECUTIVR COMMITTER, thut

Dist. Erecutéve Member Dist, Erecutive Member.
1 Michael ©. Murphy 20 James [. Keatin

2 Patrick Divver 21 Matthew F. Donohue.
3 PJ. Ryder 22 Francis J. Lantly

4 Edward I. Fitepatrick. 24 Thomas F. McAvoy
5 Bernard F. Martin 24 Maurice F Holaban
6 Timothy D. Sullivan. 25 George F. Scannell
7 Patrick tl. Keahon 26 Thomas J. Dunn

& Martin Engel 27 James J. Martin

@ Frank J. Goodwin 24 Maurice Featherson,
10 Jullus Harburger 29 John F, Carroll

11 Willlam Dalton 30 Harry C. Hart

12 PJ. Seully 51 Isaac A. Hopper

13 Peter J, Dooling 32 John J. Ryan

14 Jobn T. Oakley 33 Nicholas J. Hayes
15 George W. Plunkett. (34 (South), PF Nagle.
16 Patrick Keenan 34 (North) A, Moebus
17 Dantel F. McMahon. 35 Louts PF, Haffen

14 Charles F, Murphy. Annes T. H. O'Neill

19 John B. Sexton i

DADY WINS IN BROOKLYN,

Regulars on Both Sides Victorious—Senator
Coffey Knocked Out.

Michael J. Dady, chairman of the Executive
the Kings County Republican
Committee, defeated K. Ross Appleton for the
leadership of the First Assembly district in
Brooklyn at the primary election in Brooklyn
yesterday, his majority being 275. The result
of the election seems to indicate that Dady will
continue to hold his high place in the County
Committee, Naval Officer Robert) Sharkey
was also successful in his contest with Assistant
Postmaster William J.Taylor for the leadership

Committee of

of the Sixteenth Assembly District, beating
him by 132 votes.
On the Democratic side the Willoughby

street machine, of which Hugh McLaughlin is
the head, won a sweeping victory. Senator
Coffey of the Red Hook district and all his
allies, including Assistant Corporation Counsel
Luke D. Stapleton, were defeated at the pri-
maries and Senator Coffey loses control of his
Senate district. In his own Assembly dis-
trict the latest returns indicate that his op-
ponent for the leadership, William O'Donnell,
won by a majority of 2 votes out of over 3,000
At the last moment Warden Patrick Hayes,
who is also fighting the regular organization,
failed to put a ticket in the field and his op-
ponent won without a struggle. There seems
to be little doubt that Kings county will send
a solid McLaughlin delegation to the Demo-
cratic State Convention

The primaries excited more interest than
any others since the new method of determin-
ing the choice of the enrolled voters went into
effect. Republican {nterest was centred in
the hot fight between Michael J. Dady, the
chairman of the Executive Conimittee, and
State Committeeman R. Ross Appleton for
control of the First Assembly district. Dady
was apparently not discouraged by the fact
that win or lose he would have to carry the
burden of two lawsuits, in each of which $50,-
ooo damage is demanded for alleged slana-
erous language hurled at his factional oppo-
nents during the preliminary controversy.
The papers in Mr Appleton & snit were served
on Dady on Monday night and those in the sec-
ond suit, in which Robert Spitzer ts plaintiff,
yesterday morning

The battle was vigorously maintained from
the opening to the closing of the polls. Dady
himself and his chief Heutenants were on the
move all the time and his workers showed
more energy and at raregy than their opponenta.
It was early apparent that Dady would fnain-
tain his hold on the district in spite of the hos-
tility of the Heights Republicans to him, There
was great rejoicing at his headquarters in
the Argyle when the returns began to come
in showing that he was ahead by a secure ma-
jority, and when the figures were complete
and showed that he had won by a majority
of 275 in a total value of 1,753 there was a round
of cheering.

Appleton and his friends said that the result
white disappointing in many respects, coulc
not fail to to be taken as a severe rebuke to
Dady and to convince him that he was not the
man for chief leader of the Republican forces
in Kings county They pointed to the fact
that the First ward, which repudiated him,

| gave a majority of 420 for Roosevelt two years

ago, while the Third ward upon which he had to
rely for his main support, gave Van Wyck a
majority of 138 They declared that they
never would be satisfied until] Dady was driven

| from his postat the head of the organization

They also allewe that the Dadyites resorted
to all kinds of mean schemes and bulldozing at
the polls to accomplish their purpose

This ia the summary of the vote:
APPLETON. DADY.

First ward 405 a90

Third ward 205 bu7
Sixth WA. cece csevceseereereeees eeone 41 27
WAM sis vatievs<coagusertiens nieneee 1,014

Dady's majority, 275.

The fluht in the Sixteenth Assembly district
exciting. There was a combined
effort there on the part of Assistant-Postmaster
Wiliam J. Taylor and State Committeeman
John BK. Post to defeat the pre-ent leader, Naval
Officer Robert Sharkey. Sharkey won by the
Taylor was beaten {n his

In the Third Assembly district former Justice
RK. H_ Laimbeer, Jr, the present leader, de-
feated M_C. Hanton by a good vote

In the Twelfth Assembly district the fight be-
tween the present leader, Mavistrate Henry
Bristow, and Col. Edward E. Britton was very

At a late hour last night Magistrate

jority ‘

SENATOR COFFEY BEATEN.

Willoughby Street Machine Wins All
the Line,

The absorbing question determined at
the Democratic primaries {tn Brooklyn was
whether Senator Michael J. Coffey was strong
enough to thwart the purpose of Hugh
Meclaueblin and all the Willoughby Street
forces to down him in his political stronghold
If the candidacy of Comptroller Bird 8, Coler
for the Governorship figured anywhere at the
Democratic jrimaries there was no evidence of
the fact. Willoughby Street was only exercised
in the efforts to crush the revolt of Coffey
which extended from his own Assembly dis-
trict--the Ninth -to the Fifth, Seventh and
I wentieth, territory comprising a fifth
the voting strength of the county
The battle waged most flercely in the Seventh

Along

a

and Nioth distrets. In the firmer As- |
| sistant Corporation Counsel Stapleton led
the opposition forces, while Councilman Doyle
marshalled the regulars, Coffey was pitted
against William O'Donnellin the Ninth. Kach

side had charged the other with resorting to the |

tactics and Magistrates Bristow
in the day had issued over
sixty Warrant. for alleged bogus voters, very
few of which were executed

The result was all a ong foreshadowed in THE
Stun. The compact and fineiv-disciplined or-
ganization ever which Mr. Melaughiin rules
maintained its supremacy all along the line and
a solid delegation will goto the Saratoga Con-
venuon absolutely under its control
Senator Coffey, who has been a
jicturesque political figure Brook-
yn. polities since 1868, was dethroned
and hs chief ally, Mr. Stapleton,
astunning defeat, Coffey lost his
Ked Hook district by 4 tew votes but still
enough to extinguish his pretensions to future
woaerene Roth sides were claiming the dis
trict at a late hour last night by a majority of

oid MeKane

in

Me nee ee - bot

fhe result will put an end |

sustained |
hold on the |

 

|‘ less than half a dozen, but the latest revised vote

| wae this

| O'Donnell... eiskaa oeagabenvensees ee 1,553
Cofley ‘ ieecdocee 1,551

Even should Coffer finally come out ahead,
he has lost his Seqate district and cannot return
to Albany

Staplstoo's defeat in the Sbhventh Assembly
district w decisive, the vote being: Doyla
3,035; Stapleton, 1,620

There was asurprise in the Fifth Assembly
district it was expected that Warden Hayes
| of the Penitentiary, who bad all along sided
| with Senator Coffey in his opposition to Wil-
loughby Street, would puta ticket in the fleld,
) but at (he last moment he failed todo o, and
Commissioner of durora Melody, who hid been
| installed as leider in place of Hayes, bad a
| Walkover Haves did not go to the polls
; at all but. spent the eavening playin
| pinochle at the Iroquois Club in South Ninth
| street When asked for an explanation of
his withdrawal be merely said: “Lam out of
| politics to-night and playing pinochle.”" The
Coffeyites were dumfounded when they heara
| Of Hayes's action, ax they had been banking on
‘his support in their tussle wit Willoughby
Street [tis the general jmpression that he
had made his peace with Mr. MeLangblin but
would now have to play second fiddle to Melody,
his foriner lieutenant
| The organization leaders in. all
districts against whom any flaht was made
| also carried the day, and even Maguire, in the
| ‘Twenty-first, agains! whom there was the
greatest outery, cane out ahead. It waa @
great day for the Willoughby Street machine
and*is another feather in the cap of James
Shevin, upon whom Mr. McLaughiin’s mantle
is to descend

the other

HERRICK BEATEN AGAIN,

Engene BD. Wood Wins at the Primaries ta
Albany.

ALBANY, Aug, 28. The Democratic prima-
ries here to-day resulted in Eugene D. Wood's
repeating his victory of last spring, when he
unhorsed Supreme Court Justice D, Cady
Herrick as the Democratic leader of Albany.
Not in vears have the Democratic primaries
been so hotly contested as they were to-day.
As aresult Mr. Wood's forces, headed by State
Committeeman P, E. MeCabe, defeated the
efforts of Justice Herrick and bis newly found
friends from outside the county to diminish
Mr. Wood's political influence in the Demo»
eratic affairs of Albany county

At last spring’s primaries the delegation
from this county to the State convention which
selected national delegates was equally divided,
six to six, between the Wood and the Herrick
factions, To-day's primaries had the same
result, Mr. Wood's friends carrying the First
and the Third Assembly districta, The anti-
Herrick people defeated Justice Herrick in
his own ward in this city under the leadership
of Willam Graham Rice, who was a United
States Civil Service Commissioner under Presi-
dent Cleveland. Henry A. Peckham, a son of

United States Supreme Court Justice Rufus
W Peckham, won out in the Sixth ward asa
Wood man

The Ninth ward, in which David Hill lives,
was carried through the efforts of Mr, Wood
In fact four of the Herrick strongholds, the
Sixth, Ninth, Thirteenth and Fourteenth wards,
went against Herrick for the first time in years
While the Herrick people did not increase their
State convention representation at to-day's
primary as compared with last spring the
wards and towns which they won gave their
ticket a largely increased vote. The result of
the primaries was surprising even to the anti-
Herrick people, in view of the fact that a number
of outsiders have been lending aid to Justice
Herrick in his efforts to rehabilitate himself.

Mr, Wood said to-night that aside from hold-
ing the strength in the county he gained last
spring, the effort at to-day's primaries was
to secure absolute control of the efty of Albany
so that he can name the Democratic candidate
for Mayor a year from next fall, This he has
accomplished without question, At the last
primaries the Herrick people secured the City
Committee by a narrow margin, but the Wood
people organived the committee by a vote of
19 to 17. ‘To-day's primaries resulted in Mr,
Wood's securing control of the next Ibany
City Committee by a vote of 25 to 12, and he is
in a position to name the next Democratic
candidate for Mayor, Of the nineteen wards
in the city of Albany Mr Wood carried eleven
and Mr. Herrick seven, wuile in one ward they
aplit even

Mr. Hill cast his vote in the Ninth ward
about 4 o'clock, and his friends in that part of
the city assured him then that the ward would
be wrested from Justice Herrick'sa control.
The fight in this city and county was not so
much along the lines of Hill against Murphy
and Croker, but was based on Mr. Wood's po
litieal enmity for Justice Herrick, which started
nine years ago. Last fall Mr. Wood's cand{-
date for Mayor of Albany was defeated by Jua-
tice Herrick by a.narrow margin in the con.
vention, and Justice Herrick's candidate for
Mayor was defeated at the polls.

The Wood people also carried a couple of
wards in Cohoes, and State Committeeman
MeCabe said to-night that if outaide influences
had not helped Justice Herrick the Wood peo-
je would have secured the twelve delegates
rom Albany county to the State Convention.

The Republican primaries passed off without
any contest against the regular organization
though there were a few personal rivalries in
several of the wards

 

BEATEN IN

MADDEN QUEENS.

Tammany Leader Defeated by Councilman
Cassidy—Vote Close.

The result of the Democratic primaries in the
borough of Queens was the overthrow of Tam-
many leader John P. Madden by the Caseidy -
Sutfbin combine, Coundilman Joseph Cassidy

will be recognized as the next leader
and John H, Sutphin is assured of renomt
nation to the office of County Clerk, a

job that he bas held for thirty-three years. Be
fore consolidation, Sutphin was the Democratic
leader of Queens, but when Tammany ex-
tended its authority over there he was de-
feated by Madden Ever since he haa been
trving to bring about just what happened last
night,

In the First ward, which is Long Island (ity,
there were 8,104 votes cast at the Democratic

primaries. The Madden ticket, headed by
Madden anc Magistrate Matthew J. Smith,
was defeated by 16 votes by Committeeman
Cassidy and Magistrate Thomas © Kadien
Patrick J. Gleason headed a ticket of his
own in Long Island City and got 200 votes,
In the second ward, the old town of Newtown

Joseph Bermel, the Madden candidate,
was deieated by James F O'Brien,
p J Mara, a Democrat who de-
clared himself independent of all factions,

won in Flushing, where he had no opposition.
Mara and Sutphin are good potitical friends,
In the Fourth ward, Jamaica, County Clerk Sut-
shin defeated Madden's man, Luke J. Eldert
oroner Philip T. Cronin, the anti-Madden can-
dida in the Fifth ward, Rockaway and Far
Rockaway, had no opposit on

Chere were fights all over the borough, put
no arrests, The liveliest one wae at the pollin
distriet

 

 

place of the Sixth primary °o
Long Island City, where Councilman Cas-
sidy, the new leader, we t to see how

|
things were going. A Madden man named Ho-
anstruck the Councilmanin the face. Cassidy
nocked Hogan down and the booth immedi-
ately became a rough house, but nobody but
Hogan got hurt. Cassidy weigh. 250 pounds
John P. Madden, the defe ited lender, is in
Colorado, where he has been ever since loat
September. During his absence his political
interests have been jooked after by Magistrate
Smith, Fdward H. Todd and Willlam H.
Woodill
|

At the Republican primaries tn Queensthe
regular tickets won in all disiricta and there
was practically no opposition

ARRESTS EARLY IN THE NINTH,

Sopt, McCullagh Calls on the Police to Do
Their Duty—Four Prisoners Held,
Superintendent of Elections MeCullagh wrote
to Chief of Police Devery yesterday saying
that he had received so many complaints of
Violation of the election laws in the Ninth As-
sembly district that he desired the Chief to issue
orders to his policemen to coéperate with the
| superintendent's deputies in making arrests
| if any of the persons against whom complaints
had been made should appear at the primaries.
Specific complaints had been received at Supt
MeCullogh's office from a number other
distrie thus giving his deputies the rizht to
act in each of them, but the Ninth district was
the where the situation to

of

only one seemed
| justify calling in the aid of the police,

Chief Devery, after receiving the commu-
j nication, said that he had issued orders that
; Mr. MeCullagh's deputies receive all the aa-
| sistance they needed. Supt. MeCullagh's de-
; partment has jurisdiction at primaries only
| when specific charges have been made His
deputies are not permitted to do mere detective
work, os at registration and election time.
Last Friday John (©. Sheehan wrote to Chief
Devery openly charging the police with In-
terfering in the polities of the district and using
blackmailing methods to further the interests
of Goodwin

There were half a dozen prisoners in the
Jefferson Market police court before 3 o'clock

yesterday charged with illegal voting at the
primary elections in the Ninth district. Othera
were brought in later. The Sheehan and anti-

 

 

 

Sheehan factions made about an equal number
oF complaints. John C. Sheehan was personall

present in court with several of his Heutenan

to look after his interests, The charges in
most of the cases seemed to be caused A mis-
takes and were summarily dismissed by Magis-
trate Hogan

Three prisoners were held for further e@x-

1 at the in-

amination, All had been arrestec '
stigation of the Sheehan watchers. Rober
Williams, who tried to vote from 412 Went
Twenty-third street, when arrested on the

ground that he had moved out of the district
was alleged to have said that he lived at 420
Nassau street, Brooklyn. A man who voted
from 287 West Twenty-second street as Frank
H. Andrews was said not to be Andrews, who,
it was uaserted, was outof town

The third prisoner insisted that he was John
J. Kelly of 261 West Nineteenth street He
was held because John 1, O'Toole, a Sheehan
watcher, asserted that the real John Jd. Kelly
of 261 West Nineteenth street was an intimate
friend of his and not the least bit like the pris-
oner

in the Weet Side court James McDonald,
a Sheehan man, who claimed a residence at
521 West Twenty-eighth street, was held on
the complaint of a Goodwin watcher,
he had not lived in the election district thirty
days. McDonald was held by Magistrate
Brann in $500 bail for examination to-morrow
McDonald told reporters he had lived in the
election district since July 24, and ever since
then had been persecuted by anti-Nheehan
men

John Brown of 607 West Twenty-ninth street
was arrested in the evening in the Twenty-
second election district, and John. B. MeCabe of
410 West Twenty-eight street in the Twentieth
election diatrict. Both were locked up tn the
West Thirty-seventh street station.

 

 

IN RICHMOND COUNTY.

The Regalar Republican Ticket Wins—Only
One Democratic Ticket,

The regular Democratic and Republican
primaries were held in Richmond borough yes-
terday and a large vote was polled, There was
no opposition to the Democratic ticket and the
regular organization carried every distriet in

the county. There were two tickets in the
field in the Republican party, The regular
ticket wus headed by Quarantine Commis-
sioner Hugh MeRoberta and the Republican

Teague ticket, a split from the regular party,
was headed by Edward D. Clurk of West New
Brighton. The fight was a bitter one, but the
regular ticket won by over four hundred in the
county, The opposition carried the Seventh,
Fighth, Ninth and Eleventh districts in Caastle-
ton and the Third in Middletown, Clarke, the
league leader, carried his district by only three
votes

DAVID B. HILL ASSAILED.

The “Albany Argus’ Says He Would Ruin His
Party as He Cannot Rale It,

ALBANY, Aug. 28.~-The Albany Argua to-mor-
row morning will again editorially criticise David
B. Hill's course In the present campaign in an
article entitled ‘From Statesmanship to An-
archy.”’ It will say

“What is David B. Hill trying to do to the
Democratic party? Every county in the State
answers that question with the declaration that
by all the trickery of which he is past master
and aided by all the men whose treachery took
them out of the party ranks he is working with
might and main to accomplish the vengeance
of David Hill. And vengeance of what? Why,
for the reason that, after the party had heaped
upon him nearly every honor in the gift of the
people, it does not bow down to him and cringing
say: ‘Thou art our master and we thy slaves.’

“On men who never for an instant have
ewerved in their party loyalty Hill ia trying his
ruin or rule policy. Against Bryan in 1s06, he

is for Hill and Hill only in 1900 What
does he care for Bryan so long as by hia
combination with men equally as disloyal

as himself he can capture a few delegates for
Hil? While true and tried leaders are striv-
ing with all thetr might for harmony and vic-
tory, the tools of Hill are everywhere toiling
for discord and destruction. To accomplish
their ends they have raised a bugaboo cry that
Tammany seeks to rule the State. What sen-
sible Democrat would join a band of discred-
{ted tricksters in such an openly displayed
plot to smash the chances of Democratic vic-
tory for the sake of a personal triurnph?
“Hill's destroying hand must be stayed.
He has made too pony appearances in the
resent campaign for his Pays good. At
ansas City all elements of discord had him
for their centre. In New York he disclosed
himeelf when he had James K. MeGui re of
Syracuse made chairman of the Ex ecutive
Committee in violation of all Democratie or
other precedent, whieh demands that when
an outsider {s to be made executive chairman
the consent of the full comnmittee must first

be had Loyal Democrats were amazed at
this high-handed = action, but in the
interest of harmony no word o
yrotest was said. *Hill’s first attempt at

iscord had failed, but he did not give up.
Scarcely had Hill's man been seated when,
at the instance of Hill, be declared with all
the tnsolence of a czar of politics that one
man alone could be the Democratic candidate
for Governor he, McGuire, had said it. Mur-
shy, Croker and the others were a trifle amazed
but etiil Hill failed of his object. He could
not disturb their loyalty to their party

“Then came Saratega. Made frantic, child-
ishly frantic, at his non-success as destroyer,
Hill put forth another thrust with Meiuire
Trampling on the unbroken precedent of every
political party that ever existed, be sought
to force McGuire as temporary chairman
of the State convention, then a month away.
What cared he for precedent? It was party
disruption he sought, and to make more cer-
tain hia auecess, he kept his plot a secret from
the renal leaders of the party until his
lieutenant, Danforth, repeated it in the
form of a resolution and then fled for shelter be+
hind the coat tail of Hill. Such a boyish ex-
hibition no party had ever seen before, but
there waa more in it than expression of
boyish anger. Again it was the effort to tear

the arty to pieces to ratify the
rage of Hill. But again there was fatlure The
acheme of Hill was exposed. To every Demo-

cratin the State was brought then the supreme
yroof of the ingratitude of this man who had
had so much from the party he was and is so
persistently trving to destroy

‘Blind rage has possessed him from that day
From a statesman he has degenerated into a
political anarchist.”

 

TICKET OF THE TWENTY-SEVEN.

At Last, It Is Said, They Have Secured Names
to Put on It,

The bosses of the Plaza Twenty-seven have
decided on their ticket, which will be nominated
at Carnegie Hall on Sept. 5. They are going
to nominate Senator Caffery of Loulsiana for
President and Morefield Storey of Massachu-
setts for Vice-President. The bosses of the
Plaza Twenty-seven think that this ticket will

be a dandy Senator Cafferv, coming from
Louisiana, represents the solid South, said they
yesterday; while Mr. Storey has tle best blood
of old New Fngland in his veins. ‘Thus, geo-
graphically the ticket is invincible

But Senator Caffery was not the Twenty-
seventh’s firat choice for President, They
asked Thomas Brackett Reed, ex-Speaker of
the House of Kepresentatives to head
the ticket They asked Richard Olney of
Massachusetts, ex-Secretary of State, to
head the ticket: and they asked many other
distinguished gentlemen to join with them
to defeat both the old _ parties It is
reported that neither Mr. Reed nor Mr
Olney replied to the invitation of the
Twenty-seven. There {fs some dissatisfaction
within the ranks of the Twenty-seven, One
man, whose name for o! vious reasons cannot
be mentioned, said yesterday:

“This movement, I fear, is not going to be a
euccess have only had my name in the
papers twice since it began; and other mem-
vers of the Twenty-seven have beep as unsuc-
ceasful."’

 

OVERBOARD FROM A FERRYROAT.

Passenger Sat on the Rall of the St. Loats
and Didn't Sit Straight,

Theodore Florian, a shoemaker, of 88 CGreon-
point avenue, Blissville, L. 1, sat on the forward
rail of the Pennsylvania Railroad ferryboat St.
Louis yesterday afternoon when the boat was

on her way to Twenty-third street. Off Canal
street the man lost his balance and fel into the

river. The passengers on the lower deck set up
acry of “Man overboard!’ and the beat was
stopped. Florian, however, had already been

ricked up by the tugboat Chauncey M, Depew
ie was Janded at Barclay street and was sent
to the Hudson street hospital in an ambulance,

The Namber of Trains at Kensico, N. ¥.

Kensico, N. Y,, Aug. 28-—-Not until the acei-
dent on the Harlem Railroad last week in which
three men lost thir lives did the residents of

Ken-ico realize how many trains pass the sta
tion every day. About one-half mile north and
ene-half mile south of Kensic> are notices to
engineers to blow their whi tles, but winti! last
week thes® netices were di-regarded Since
then the screech of whistles is inc *ssant

Courtney Forsythe a Suicide,
Si. Lours, Mo,, Aug, 28.—Courtney Forsythe,
ton of Bob Forsythe of Louisville, Ky, and one
of the best known horse owners of the Blue

Grass State, cut his throat this evening in a
hotel near the Union station. No motive for
the suicide is known.

that |

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29,

PEKIN MESSAGES HELD UP?|

 

ree

1900.

 

GEN. CHAFFEE DOKS NOT SEEM TO
GET HIS DESPATCHES,

Government OMcials Worrted Over the Ap-
parent Delay—Suspicion That the Messoges
Are Heing Tampered With-Belated D -

spatches From Gen, Chaffee Received,
WasiINoTON, Aug. 28.--The latest and what
at first appeared to be the most important

news received from Gen, Chaffee since his ar-
rival in Pekin came to the War Department
last night in which the ofMfictals
refuse to make public. The following are in
substance the contents of the message

‘If you can induce the British Government
to establish a wharf at Pettsang it will facili-
tate the repair of the railroad and simplify
the transportation of winter supplies to Pekin.
Have nothing from you since 4th, Situation
remains unchanged.”

Immediately on the receipt of this despatch,
which was without a Pekin date, but left Taku
on Aug Secretary Root and Adjt.-Gen
Corbin went to the White House for a confer-
ence with the President. The officials were
much concerned over the apparent fatlure
of despatches to reach Gen, Chaffee and at
the Cabinet meeting to-day plans for getting
cable despatches to him were discussed, with the
result that the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
was asked if a vessel could not be provided to
earry the Government's deapatches from
Shanghai to Taku.

There has been much speculation by the
officials as to the cause of the delay in com-
munications. They admit that they are per-
plexed by the situation, and but
one conclusion, which is that their despatches
to Gen, Chaffee and those from him are being
tampered with. Before Gen, Chaffee left Tlen-
tsin he was requested always to date his de-

spatches, When he reported the battle of Peit-
sang this request was complied with. After
the engagement at Yangteun he sent a cable
despatch which contained the date on whieh
it left Yangtsun, Another despatch just be-
fore the capture of Tungchow was also dated
and so was the one reporting the capture of
Pekin

Then suddenly
dropped

an despatch

a
27,

can Teach

all Gen, Chaffee’s communi-

cations their date. He was again
instructed to date his messages, but appar-
ently this had no effect The lust cable de-

spatch from him bearing a Pekin date came
on Aug, 18, Since then no despatch from him
has reached Washington with a Pekin date
His despatches are all dated at Taku, but be-
yond this no information as to when they left
ien, Chaffee is given

It became apparent to the officials early last
week that the Department's messages were
not being promptly received by Gen, Chaffee,
but this was attributed to a natural delay due
to the large number of messages going over the
wire As the condition did not improve Gen
Corbin cabled to Gen, Chaffee sugwesting that
he detail an officer to remain in Tlentsin and
look after the transmission of cable despatches
for the United States

The matter became even more serious when
it appeared that the Government's instruction
to Gen Chaffee telling him of diplomatic ne

otiations had apparently not reached him
Fearing that this might happen, however,
the Secretary of War last week directed that
all his recent despatches to Gen Chaffee be
gathered together at Shanghai and carried by
vessel to Taku and sent from there to Pekin.
It was said at the War Department to-day that
itis probable that these despatches have reached
Gen. Chaffee, but notin time forthe Department
to get an acknowledgment from him

One theory advanced by a high official of
the War Department to-day is that Gen. Chaf-
fee’s cable despatch received last night left
Pekin not later than Aug. 15 or 16, and was
delayed on the way and passed by later tele-

rame® which reached the War Department
ast week, This supposition is strengthened
by the fact that to-day several cable despatches,
evidently of an old date, were received from
Gen, Chaffee. One saying: “Siege battery
not needed,” was thouwht to be in reply to a
despatch from Secretary Root dated Aug. 10,
Another is the despatch about Baroness yon
Ketteler as follows

“Have offered assistance to Baroness von Ket-
teler, Will furnish transportation and escort
Tientsin few days. Have offered transportation
accommodations to Nagasaki also,”

This is believed to be a reply to one sent to
Gen, Chaffee on Aug, 16 telling him to provide
for the comfort of Baroness von Ketteler, who
is an Amerean woman and the daughter of
Henry B, Ledyard of Detroit, [t s argued that
the despatch saving that nothing had been re-
ceived since Aug. 14 does not prove that Gen,
Chaffee has not up to this time received any
of the Government's messages, and while
{t is feared that the question of
communication may become more serious {t
{is thought that the use of despatch boats from
Shanghai to Taku will facilitate the tranamia-
sion of cable despatches to such an extent that
Gen. Chaffee will be heard from regularly within
a few days

The reason for Gen. Chaffee’s suggestion
that the British Government construct a wharf
at Peltsang in connection with the railroad
is that the railroad is owned by the English

THAT RUMORED CHINESE VicTory.

 

Washington Puts No Fatth to the Story of the
Recapture of Pekin,

WASHINGTON, Aug 2&—War Department
officials do not believe the reports from St.
Petersburg of the recapture of Pekin by the
Chinese and the defeat of the international
troops. Several messages have been received
from Pekin, none of which mentioned any
threatening trouble, and a very large force
of Chinese could not have got near the city
without the allies learning of their presence
several days before an attack was to be made.

It certain that Chaffee, so late as
Thursday last, had no realon to believe the
Chinese would make an assault in force, and
if Pekin had been retaken it roust have been
accomplished eit’ er Saturday or Sunday

State Department officers are not alarmed by
the rumor. They do not. believe it, and they
are in a good position to discredit such astory
as a message not yet made public was receivec
from Minister Conger last night, It was sent
this morning to the White House to be consid-
ered at the regular Cabinet meeting

Minister Conger's message is of so late date
that a disaster at Pekin, such as a defeat of
the allies, could hardly have taken place since
the message was written The message is a
reply to one which was sent to Mr. Conger
by the President's order, and which left here
on Aug. 19. Officers in this way determine its
date,

is Gen

REFUGEES FROMW CHINA,

Missionaries From Honan Province Say Chinese
OMeluls Aided Them,

BAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 28.--The Pacific Mail
Steamship China which arrived to-day from
the Orient brought a number of refugees
from the disturbed regions of China. Those
aboard are the Rey, and Mrs. Bousfleld and
child, and the Rev. and Mrs. T. M. Holmes
of the American Baptist Mission at Kiuhwa;
Mr. and Mra. J. Goforth of Changte-Fu. in
Honan province; Miss J. J. Dow, and Miss
M. J. MeIntosh of Chuwang; Miss M. A. Pyke,
Mrs. J. A. Slimmon, Miss H. Galloway and
Mise Gi. Taft

Mr. and Mrs. Goforth and Mr. and Mrs.
Bosfleld were in the party with Dr. Leslie
who had a narrow escape getting from the
Province of Honan to Shanghai. While they
were threatened by mobs and Boxers, they
were actively and energetically aided and
protected by Chinese Magistrates of Kiuhwa.

Mrs. Goforth said this evening: “We were
connected with the Canadian Presbyterian

Mission in northern Honan and up to the last
moment before the Chinese inour district re-
ceived word of the doings of the Boxers the
natives were friendly But when the official
messengers burst into the midst of our people,
earrying as a token of war a burnt feather
stuck into the end of an arrow and delivered
to the Chinese the order, coming from the
Government, as it must surely have come, to
put all the foreigners to death, then it was that
the (Chinese went wild with hate for the mis-
sionaries and threatened all kinds of terrible
things. Then came the order from our Consul
to leave the country We were nearly ready
to leave when the message came, and it didn’t
take us long to pack what things we were to
take with us and start for the southern part
of Honan in carts on our way to Shanghai
“Every thing went well until Sunday, July &,
when several hundred Chinese attacked us
near a large town. There seemed to be a few
Boxers in the crowd, attended by a big rabble
bent on plunder. The Chinese rushed upon
us with swords, stones and a few firearms.
Having only three revolvers in the party we
fired first in the air, meaning only to frighten
them, but this had very little effect. Dr Lesile,
for example, had fired all his cartridges except
one without ing atany one,when, maddened
at last by his numerous wounds, he shot and
killed able Chinese who wasjust about to strike
him on the head with a sword. We besought
the Chinese to take our goods and spare our
lives, but they answered us that not one of
Us WARK to be apared) Then our women beeged
80 eloquently for the lives of the little children
that the leader of the attacking party shouted
the command to his men to spare our lives. A
rush was made for our property and we were
robbed of all we possessed was knocked
senseless by a fearful blow on the head with a
Chinese sword and was almost run over by the

 

 

 
  

says that things then looked very

Gen
the gate

  
  

frightened mules. After this we had no more
trouble, but we reached Shanghal in great desti-
tution.’

Mr. Holmes, who is accompanied by his wife
and three amall children, has a different story
to tell, as he was saved by the kindness of the
Chinese Mawistrate of his district, He has
worked for seven years with his wife for the
American Baptist Missionary Union at Kinhwa

"AS soon as the news came of the Boxer
proclamation of death to the foreigners,” he
says, “all the common people became very
hostile, but the Chinese Magistrates assured
me and Mr. Bousileld and family that they
would protectus, MajorSio, Chief of Magistrates
in Kinhwa, warned us that the message had been
received that all missionaries, all
were to be destroyed, He warned us that our
lives were in danger and that we§were likely
to be set upon by a fanatical mob at any mo-
ment He offered us the protection of his
quarters and guaranteed to take care of ts
t wo other Magistrates aleo joined him in offer-
ing us protection, A few days later a large
mob attacked our quarters, but we (rightened
them off with rifles. They camped nearby
and the Magistrates came to renson with them,
We admitted the Magistrates to the cathedral
but the whole mob came in with them and lootec
the place. The mob tried several times to burn
the missions’ buildings, Finally, on July 14,
Sio sent a military escort and said we must
go to his Yamen. From there he gave us an
escort to Shanghai, going all the way himeelf
with his brother and two relatives to see that
our safety was assured.”

BLEW Up THE TIBNTSIN GATE.

 

Brave Japanese Who Was Reported Killed
Really Got Away Unhart,

Vicronta, B. C., Aug. 28.—The Jupan Daily

Mail of Aug. 14, received by the steamer
Empress of China to-day, says that the man
who fired” the gun cotton at the
gate of  Tientsin was Sub-Lieutenant
Inouye Kenkichi of the engineers, and
that he was not killed as rumor
stated. Aletter from him toa friend, Nomura

Sosuke, in Tokio, is published Inouye with six
rappers was in the most advanced position
during the night when the Japanese held
their ground after the advance on July 13. He
bad, as the
foreign troops on the two wings bad retreated
more or less, and the Japanese, though keeping
thelr ground, were really exposed without

being able to accomplish anything
At 3:40 A.M. a message arrived from Major-
Fukushima agqering Inouye to blow up
He and his detachment advanced

quickly with the gun cotton and the fuse to a
porns some 60 or 60 yards from the gate without

eing discovered, There they found a house
in front of which they took shelter, and were in
the act of preparing the electric fuse when the

enemy discovered them and opened a heavy

fire

and the man fell.
a

inte
minutes,

in the rear
sign, and Inouye resumed his
blowing up the gate

struck the breast of

Iieut Inouye’s right
The other sappers retreated
and Inouye was left wit!
his wounded comrade, whom he draggec
the house and then stood for a few
expecting an attack from. the
There was no exit from the house
The Chinese showed no further
preperesen for
en found that

bullet
on

A

the sapper

few paces

Chinese

It was t

the fuse had been hit, and that only asmall part
of it could be used

fire. fortunately escaping the bullets that
around .

against

Concluding that only desperate measures
emuained. the party took up the gun cotton
voxes and ran with them through the enemy.

ell

Near the gate they found
four or five unarmed Chinese who tried to
obstruct them, but they drove them off with
butts of their carbines and placed the boxes
the gate Inouye then having

sent the sappers back put together a little

and having set this on fire ran for his life
had no hope of eseapin
did not oceur until he had

train of chips whieh he collected on the appt,
le
but the explosion
put some forty or

&

fifty yards between himself and the gate, and
he got away unhurt,

 

SENDING SUPPLIES TO CHINA,

  
 

The Belgian King Satied Yesterday With a

Large Cargo—The German Transports,
Ban Francisco, Aug. 28.—The transport

Belgian King, Capt. Weiss, sailed for China,
via Nagasaki, this after noon with supplies

for the army.

She carried 4,600 tons of freight,

consisting of canned goods, bacon, breadstuffa
and a general assortment of provisions.

on Thursday
transport Westrninster,

The transport Rosecrans is expected to sail
with two light batteries. The
which arrived from

Manila on Sunday night, went on the Union
Iron Works dry dock to-day, and, upon coming
off, will be loaded with commissary supplies

and sent again to Manila.
Capt

The steamer
finished discharging

hyra,

Eavardsen, her

Oriental cargo to-day and sailed at noon for
Portland, where she will load commissary stores

for

China or the re
The Samoa, first of the transports that have

been chartered by the German Government to
| carry horses, mules and supplies from this port

to

three alre

the Bosnia on Sept

China, will be due about next Saturcay
The Samoa is of large tonnage, as are the other
jy chartered. The Alicia will be
ine on Sept. 15, the Nurnberg on Sept. 20 and
30. In addit on togeneral

 

supplies and fodder, the four transporta will
take 2.500 horses_and 600 mules for the German

t

army in China

 

JAPAN'S PURPOSE AT AMOY.

 

An Official Statement Regarding the Landing

of Troops There,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.—-In regard to the

reported landing of Japanese troops at Amoy,

the Japanese

f
t
c

legation has received a con-
irmatory telegram from Tokio to the effect
hat, in view of the fact that Amoy has, on ac-
ount of ita proximity to Formosa, frequently

served as the basis for evil designs upon the

i

sland, and that, in addition to the burning of

a Japanese temple, there have been riots against

f
c
f

and the

oreigners, the Japanese Government has
onsidered it necessary to land a small force

Perposs of protecting its consulate
oreign residents at that port.

or the

Contributions for the Relief of the Safferers

From Chinese Orvelty in North China,
The Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions

has reoelved contributions aggregating $1,185.50

nresponse to the following published appeal

cabled from Pekin, signed by Wherry, Hobart,

Smith and Conger:
surviving slaughter destitute, homeless,

{

“North China Christiana

; Send

mmediate rel ef. Thank offering Pekin.”
Letters from missionaries are expected soon

giving details of the sufferings of native Chria-

 

 

The little child is safe from ordinary
dangers in the care of the faithful dog.
But neither the dog's fidelity, nor the
mother's love can guard a child from

those invisible foes that lurk in air,
water and food-—the germs of disease.
Children need to be specially watched
and cared for, When there is loss of
a petite, lassitude and listlessness in a
child, an attempt should be made to re-
vive the appetite and rally the spirits. In
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Slesover
parents have found an invaluable medi-
cine for children, Its purely vegetable
character and absolute freedom from
alcohol and narcotics commend it to
every thoughtful person. It is pleasant
to the taste, unlike the foul oils and
their emulsions offered for children's
use. "Golden Medical Discovery ” makes
ure blood and sound flesh, and abso-
utely eliminates from the system the
poisons which feed disease.

Mrs. Ella Gardner, of Waterview, Middlesex
Co,, Va., whose daughter suffered from malarial

poisoning and catarrh writes: “My little
daughter isenjoying splendid health. 1 am glad
T found a doctor who could cure my child) She

took twelve bottles of the ‘Golden Medical Dis-
covery,’ cight bottles of ' Pellets,’ and one bottle
of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy, and she is well
We thank God for your medicines.”

Give the little ones Dr. Pierce's Pleas
ant Pellets when a laxative is needed,

They're easy to take and don’t gripe.

    

foreigners, |

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

 

 
 

 
       
   
   
   
   
     
       
       

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

~)

me
U

N

at

to

Our policy of starting each » not
new season with new goods oem
forces out what was left of he
« ‘ %. FE. § ane &
last season’s Fall O'coats. :
Good goods,splendid style po

g MIS p Q Styles,

Regular O'’coats, Raglans and bo |
Paddocks; some serge—some Dem
silk lined, formerly the

$18 TO $35.
‘ Feb.
Your choice— th,
Sta
® _—
and
Beginning this morning. , a
In Our New York Store Only. fluen
the
’ y e ’,
Smith, Gray & Co. mit
NEW YORK STORE, BROOKLYN STORES, fore
BROADWAY, Hroadway & Hedford Ava Dem
CORNER SIST ST. | Fulton St &FlatbushAve of 1
_—_———— oratl
tians in the troubled districts. The home of °
cers believe that many deeds of bravery aud ase
fidelity will be told by the converts enem
. —_—— 4
A MESSAGE FROM CONGER, by
enema cess:
Private, to Charles KR. Flint It Shows That slave
Conger Can Reach the Outside World by Cable, and
Charles R. Flint of the firmof Flint, Eddy & ) “W
Co, received a cable message yesterday trom MoK
Minister Conger dated Taku, Aug, 27. It was lish
an answer toa mesage Mr. Flint sent a few than
davs ago. Mr. Flint said it was of a purely dutt
personal character and of no tereat to the 7
weneral public, with the exeention that fr he
showed that Minister Conger wos in close ecble tain
comnmundication with the outside world he
eae son our b
FOUR NEW GERMAN WARSHIPS, pine
? Is M
They Are to Be Completed to Three Years has |
and to Have a Speed of 10 Knots, the P
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN w 6
Berwin, Aug. 28—The Government has na t
ordered four new battleships. One will be nih
built at the Vulean yards, another at Shichau, S
another by the Krupps and the fourth at the =
Government yards at Wilhelmshaven If
They will all be of the same type. They ;
will be 993 feet in length between perpendicue Lat
lars, 68 feet 8 inches bear and 25 feet draught ee
They will be of 11,800 tone displacement. The the
areatest thickness of their armor will be six t a
inches. The engines will be of 15,000 horse o u
power, and their speed will be 19 knots P
They will have six torpedo tubes, one aft a
above the water line and the rest submerged. The
They will carry four 9.4, eighteen 5.9 and twelve wided|
1.4 quick-fire guns. They will be built within
three years and three months and their cost deut
is not to exceed $5,600,000 or $475 per ton. Ther
BRESCI'S TRIAL TO-DAY. =
Counsel for King Hambert’s Assassin Will Ask defin
for Delay. 20
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN. ~
Romer, Aug. 28.—The trial of Breaci, the as- = fi
passin of King Humbert, will open at Milan to “ND ’
morrow, Signor Merlino, his counsel, intends agul

to ask for a few days’ delay in order to prepare 7

his defence. If the Court refuse j =

to further remand the prisoner the bell
defence will ask to be allowed to

summon witneases from the United States a

to depose as to Bresei'a morality. The defence fort ,

will otherwise consist of a description of Italy‘s ha

social, economie and political conditions, which, 4

it will be alleged, rendered the assassination dent

of the King probable “Is
It is likely that a verdict will be rendered others
on Wednesday night if the Court refuses to

allow the summoning of witnesses from Amer perial

loa fort’

* out?

NOVEL FEATURES ON NEW YACHT, ia

The Lysistrata, Launched Yesterday, Has @ b

Straight Stem. Aquis

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN. Mr.

Demparton, Scotland, Aug. 28.—The steam a of
yacht Lysistrata, designed by G. L. Watson, at

was launched at Denny's shipyard here to-day. .

Several novel features both in sive and design Bs og

have been introduced, the chief of which is a of the

straight stem, a departure which, it is prom the

ised, will render her the finest ship of her d

class afloat. The Lysistrata is 310 teet long. the

Her beam is forty feet and her depth forty- 5 the

five feet. She hasa displacement of 2,000 tons or th

and is designed to steam eighteen knots. ote
onan 0
. , , plan
ACCIDENT ON THE BALTIMORE, emble
—— tiona)
Sallors Fire a Rifle While Explaining Its Mech- unde
anism to Some Visitors, apd
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN, or 80d
GREENOCK, Scotland, Aug. 28. The United ereign

States cruiser Baltimore, Admiral Watson's om 1

flagship, which ie making a brief visit here throug’

on her homeward voyaue, was visited by thou- to den
eands of sightseers, to-day One of her sailors of the
in explaining to her visitors the mechanism unt

of one of the ship's rifles accidentally inserted ! h

a loaded cartridge and fired the gun. The bullet which

penetrated the thick steel plating of the ship, a

which was immediately closed to the public. . ' Bry m

The cruiser will sail for New York to-morrow pu an

: ae IMpo
PLAGUF CASES AT GLASGOW, co
Another Death Reported and Ten More Fam- a
ilies Under Observation.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lonpon, Aug. 28--The outbreak of bubonte oC
plague in Glasgow is more serious than was martes
thought at first. Another death has occurred
and ten families have been removed to the re- ws
ception house for observatior who
gsi Con
British Census in 1001. O'Grad
Spectal Catle Despatch to THE SUN re 0
LONDON, Ang. 28 —It has been arranged that a f

the naticnal decennal census of the United d 7

Kingdom shall ie taken « March 31, 1991. The ht 5

estiinated population of Great Britain aid Ire ke a

land ia 41,000,000 P D

«BD ‘erkin
General Advance on Kamasst. 180 om
Special Came Despatch to THE SUN
TLonpos, Auge. vs A despatch fr Cape

Coast Castle, of vesterday'’s date, says that @ j r

general advance on Kumassi, ander Col, Wilk A

cocks, has been ordered

Strikers Reject Welsh Rattw avs Terms velt ga’
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN Tegardir
LONDON, Aug. 28 lhe <triking enpl vees of |
the Taff Vale Railway, in Wales, ha ted
the company’s propesttion for a settlement York ay
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
— -_——_—_——_——-
REDANS

Wanted—a case of bad health that RIL PA N-S@!

hot benefit One gives relief No matter what

matter, one will do vou gual A cure ma esul

directions are lowed They b sh pair !

sleep, prolong tite. Sold at all drug stores. ten for .

He sure we get the genuine Don't
fooled by substitutes. Ten samples and a thousand
testimontals wil be mailed to any address for bs
forwarded to the Kipans Chem Ca. 10Sprecm

five cents