,

 

'

 

 

STEWART FLAYS BRYAN,

RIVES
NATOR FROM NEVADA AR
> IN NEW YORK.

the Nebraskan and Not i
y ed Front-He Also owe

Hee ae nidicelous Attitude Toward

the Foreige Polloy of the Administration.

United States Senator William N. Stewart of
Nevada came to this city yesterday and put up
ai the Waldorf-Astoria. Mr. Stewart expects
to epand practic ally all September and October
stumping hie own Btate, and during the cam-
aign he wil! make several excursions into the
Middle West. The decision of Senator Stewart
ast to support Bryan, which was announced
two weeks ago, Was @ surprise, In speaking
vanterday of the attitude which he has taken
ai not flopped. I am etill in favor of
honest money issued by the Government. In
is98 Mr. Bryan represented the cause of finan-
cla) reform, but he has abandoned that issue
and flopped into the arms of Aguinaldo. The
Democrats urged on the war. Bryan secured
the ratification of the treaty. He then flopped
and posed aa a friend of the enemy.

“The war commenced on the evening of
Feb. 4 The papers teemed with war newson the
@th, andon the 7th Mr. Bryan caused the t nited
tates to assume sovereignty of the Philip-
; nes with the consequent responsibilities of
vgintatning law and order and protecting life
and property. What right had Mr. Bryan to
encourage the enemy, as @ citizen of the United
States, eapectally after he had been most in-
fyential in involving the country in war with
the Philippines? [ls ery of mperialism and
militarism is not new, It has been heard be-
fore in the Ur ei States, It was on every
Democratic banner in McClellan's campaign
The Democratic press and Demo-

fle Gays Tt le

of 1864

sratic orators were as eloquent and fervent
‘

as Mr, Bryan himself In denouncing Lincoln
asa monarch, an imperialist, a tyrant and an

the liberties of his country. It was

enemy '
declared then almost with a unanimous voice
br the Den ratic party that Lincoln, If suo
cessful, would establish a monarchy and en-
slave the maases Patriotism arose above party
and Lincoln was elected

*What ia there in the conduct of President

McKinley that indicates @ disposition to estab-
} Has he used more force

igh military rule?
than Congress authorized to discharge the
duties imposed upon him by the treaty? Has

he used more force than was necessary to main-
tain the authority of the United States? Is
he responsible for the sacrifice of the lives of
our brave and patriotic soldiers in the Philip-
pines? He has not encouraged the enemy.
Ie Mr. Bryan certain that no American soldier
has Jost his life at the hands of guerrillas in
the Philippines by reason of his pledge, if elected,
to support the cause of Aguinaldo? Does
he think that the people of the U nited States are
sufficiently unpatriotic to abandon the Govern-
ment which the Democrats involved in war

and assume the cause of the enemy?
It he doas he is sorely mistaken
Never at any time have there been

more soldiers maintained by any Administration
than were necessary to defend the honor of
the country and execute the laws. The people

of the United States are opposed to im-
perialism, but ‘they are in favor of
ap army and @ navy to maintain law

and order and defend the honor of the flag.
The fathers of the republic themselves pro-
vided that safeguard in the Constitution against
anarchy and discord. The framers of the Con-
atitution were not In favor of imperialism.
They were most jealous of liberty. Nor were
they in favor of anarchy or discord, and above
all things they were opposed to treason and

defined the crime as follows:

“Treason against the United States shall
consist only in levying war against them, or in
adhering to their enemies and giving ald and
comfort.”

“Doea not Mr. Bryan know that his pledge to
Aguinaldo to abandon the soverelgnty of the
islands and surrender them to him and his fol-
lowers ia giving ‘aid and comfort’ to his re
bellion? Does he not know that such a pledge
must necessarily induce the rebels in arms
against the United States to continue their ef-
forts until after the Novernber election, in the
hope that their friend may be elected Presi-
dent of the United States?

‘Is not the evidence of Gen. Lawton and
others conclusive that the so-called Anti-Im-
perial League has been giving said and com-
fort’ to the enemy ever since the war broke
out?

“When Mr, Bryan flopped over to the enemy
he discarded financial reform and made the
cause of Aguinaldo the paramount issue. On
that issue | am for my country and against
Aguinaldo and hia friend Mr. Bryan.

Mr. Bryan is as much confused about the
uge of the American flag as he is on the question
of which side to take when the United States
ie at war. He contends that if the American

can be removed from China with the soldiers
Who carry it there in their expedition to rescue
the American citizens from death at the hands
of the most treacherous Asiatics it may for
the same reason be hauled down in dishonor
and removed from any part of the territory
of the United States ie seems to be ignorant
of the uae of the American flag in foreign lands
for the protection of the rights and privileges
of American citizans wherever they may 4
and to confound such use with the permanent
planting of the flag on American soil as an
emblem of territorial possessions and na-
tional sovereignty. He does not seem_ to
understand that the flag may float anywhere
and every where for the protection of American
cizens, and that it floata at home not only
for such protection but as an emblem of aov-
ereignty. He does not seem to recognize an
differance between the migratory and ubid ule
tous use of that fag to protect American righta
throughout the world, and the use of that flag
to denote the exclusive power and jurisdiction
of the United States in avery part of our own
country [In comparing the removal of the

1 £0 from foreign soil when the purpose for
‘which it was taken there shall have heen do-
complished, with the tearing down of the flag
P eeey sort in the face of an enemy, Mr.

? splays {gnora t

pa + are ign nee of the question ora

CONGRESSMAN

 

O'GRADY BBATEN.

4. Breck Perkins Carried the Repablican Pri-
martes at Rockester.

Rocuraren, Aug, 2.--The Republiioan pri-
maries passed off quietly to-day, although there
wes a hard struggle between J. Breck Perkins,
who waa (teorge W. Aldridge’s candidate for
Saar, and Congressman James M. E.
)Grady) Mr Perkins won easil
about two-thirds of the dele ations Prade
felled on the towns to pull him through. The
at ers went back on him, however, and ao
® Almont all the wards. At 10 o'clock to-
ee the reports gave Perkins 21 out of 39
re ations, and the O'Grady men went home.

Primary in Greece was contested, the

*rains men asserting that 0’ y
1M Democrata there ' a oe

GOV. ROOSEVELT’S PLANS.

Will Attend State Convention—Gardiner Hear.
ing at Albany on Friday.
an Bar, L. I, Aug. 28.—Gov. Rooses
Rave out to-day the following statement
rewarding his plans for the next few days
a here on Friday morning for New
and will spend the morning at a confer

oo. In the afternoon | will go to Albany
far ar@iments on the Gardiner matter.

ote on Saturday night for Chicago on
cago. | rain ind on Monday will speak in Chi-
the sate come back to New York and attend
bare fe convention, Wednesday” twill

German- Americ ans

 

; Who Are Against Bryan.
‘pt. Charles Krumm, the leader of the Ger-

aon can Independent Republican Asso-

apa : New York, announced yesterday that
12 hie friends were go: .

After the State ee wing to have & meeting

ate Conventior :
8 whole enuon that would surprise

tales abou 9} Peoble who have been telling wild
Be couse ct 6 Gel man-American devotion to
Tha meee of Bry anand his “paramount issue.’
Will be atten !be held in Germania Hall, and
ave voted ake by hundreds of Germaus who

¥fouche wen Republican ticket ever since
taueich bok folbe wie Le at, and who want to

Sait 10 have decla

ad changed their flig after all thene uae"

w 5
‘rden of the Eastern Reformatory Named,

an. Aug. 28.—Superintendent of State

W VY. Collins to-day appointed Silas

of er? ep Norwich, as agent and warden

ay F.. “Hine New ote ap retornatory
apanoch county,

Mi0 a year dnd maintenance, -” “wary '

 

MR. HANNA GOING WEST.

His Work Done Here, He Will Take Command
of the Chicago Headquarters.

Chairman Hanna of the Republican National
Committee, who has been at the Republican
National Headquarters in this city five days a
week since Aug. 1, will go West on Tuesday
with his family, leaving the Franklin Murphy
cottage at Elberon, where he has been staying.
Sefiator Hanna will take his family to his home
in Ohio and then he will go on to Chicago, w' re
he will take command of the main headquarters
of the National Committee.

Senator Hanna’s stay in this part of the
country has been chiefly remarkable for the
tremendous amount of work which he has ac-
complished. No member of the Executive
Committee nor any of the numerous employees
at the headquarters has equalled Mr. Hanna's
record for industry. tHe has been at his desk
carly and late, seeing visitors, writing letters,
conferring with prominent visitors and his
fellow committeemen, all of whom have won-

at the tremendous energy which he dis-
Rered, Mr. Hanna’s friends said yesterday
hat the organization of the campaign was
now practically completed, and that the re-
sulta of the work which has been done since
Aus. 1 would become apparent within the next
ew w j

So far the cam workers have appar-
ently been accomplishing little, because the
work which they did was of a kind that while
absolutely essential to the proper conduct of
the canvass, was not such as to attract great
public notice, Mr. Hanna has enjoy his
stay at Elberon, and ts in good health. His

tes on the Executive Committee here
said yesterday that they were mighty sorry
that he was not going to be here until election

 

ecutive Committeeman Joseph H. Man-
ley will go up to his home in Maine to-day or
to-morrow, and will stay there until after the
State elections, which will be held on Sept. 10.
The Democratic campaigners in Matne are
making a tremendous effort to get out a ble
vote and to reduce the Republican pluralit
as much as possible, because of the effect whic
a falling off of the Republican figures in Maine
would have upon the voters in the West. The
Republican workers also regard the Maine
election as an important one, and are doing
their best to get out a full vote in order that
they can disappoint those who desire to see
a falling off.

 

GEN. I. 8 CATLIN FOR M'KINLEY.

 

He Denounces the Anti-Impertalists as Tortes
and Copperheads.

Gen. Isaac S. Catlin, the distinguished Brook-
lyn war veteran, who deserted the Republican
party about ten years ago and twice supported
Cleveland for the Presidency, is again back in
the Republican fold. Ata reunion of his fellow
veterans of the 109th New York Volunteers, at
Owego, N. Y., on Monday, he made a patriotio
address in which he upheld the policy of Presi«
dent McKinley and denounced the so-called
anti-imperialists, comparing them to the Tories
of the Revolution and the Coppenreads of the
Civil War. “No matter,” he said, “how high
a man may stand politically, he is morally
guilty of treason when he promises to give
aid to the Filipinos, if the rebels noe on fl@ht-
ing. I have a son fighting in the Philippines,
He is a captain in the Regular army. If he
should lose his life or limb in a Filipino am-
buscade his life or his blood will rest on the
heads and the gory hands of those who arecitl-
zens of the United States and yet are urging the
Filipinos to fight against the United States.’

M'KINLEY GAINS IN KANSAS,

Franklin County Desertions From Bryan an
Example of the State Sentiment.

Topeka, Kan., Aug. 28.--Changes from Bryan
to McKinley in Kansas are of daily occurrence.
P. P. Elder and other Fusion leaders of Franklin
county have been asserting for some weeks
that the Fusionists are making substantial gains
in that county, but they have always refused to
give the names of any of the men_who they
say have flopped from McKinley to Brean.

To-day the Ottawa Herald prints interviews
with fifteen well-known former Bryan men in
Franklin county who have declared their inten-
tion to vote the Republican ticket this fall. The
Herald challenges Elder to produce the names
of five men in Franklin county who have flopped
from McKinley to Bryan, and offers, if Elder
will do this, to publish interviews with fifteen
more men who have deserted Bryan. This is
offering to publish the names of thirty pose who
have changed from Bryan to McKinley for every

ve who have changed from McKinley to Bryan.

tis not believed that Elder will accept the
challenge.

WONT ORGANIZE DEMOCRATIC CLUBS.

 

 

Evidence of Listiessness on the Part of Bryan
Supporters in Indiana.

INDIANAPOLIS, Allg. 28—-When Bryan was
here to accept formally the Democratic nom-
ination he held a conference with the Demo-
cratic managers on the subject of the meeting
of the National League of Democratic Clubs,
which was to be held here next week. It was
agreed to postpone the meeting until October,
the reason being that there were few clubs
in existence and there was not time to organize
many before September. At a subsequent
conference at Chicago the meeting war post-
poned in accordance with the suggestions
made here. The reports to the Democratic
headquarters show that the effort to organize
Democratic clubs throughout the State has
not heen attended with appreciable results,
and to-day Chairman Martin of the State Com-
mittee issued a call for the meeting and organ-
ization of clubs. The work was placed in the
hands of county chairmen. with instructions
to organize clubs if possible. The chairman
admits that the rank and file of the party are
disinclined to put forth an effort in the cam-
paign and says that it is necessary now for the
committee to undertake the organization
through the county chairmen to whom the
appeal is addressed.

CROKER FLOORED IN
George Raines's Defeat in Rochester Accom-
plished With the Ald of Fist Fights.

Rocwearter, Aug. 28.--The Democratic prim-
aries in this city to-day resulted in a victory
for the Hill forces. There were Croker nomi-
nations in all the wards but three. The stiffest
fight wasin the Second district where ex-Senator
George Raines lives. Having reéntered politics
Mr. Raines expected, as the leader of the Croker
men, to be sent to the State convention. He
is @ disappointed man to-night. It tooka
number of fist fights in various election districts,
eapecially in the Fourteenth ward, to knock
him out; but the Hill men smile with satisfaction
to-night and declare that Mr. Raines will not
attend the convention, even as a substitute,
as there is no friendly face for him in all the
delegations. James A. Nolan, famous as the
only man who wore a4 silk hat throughout the
torrid Kansas City Convention, deolares that
red in Monroe county for good

 

MONROR.

Croker is floo
andall,

END OF FUSION POPULISTS.

 

 

 

Chairman of the Straight-Oat Faction Says
Stevenson's Nomination Is Fatal,

Cyicaqao, Aug. 28.--Both wings of the Peo-
ple's party are preparing an address to the
voters of the country. J. 0. Parker, ¢hair-
man of the National Committee of the “Middle-
of-the-Road” Populists, said this morning:

“The nomination of Stevenson puts the
Fusion Pops out of the fight. Four years from
now they will not be heard from. They have
delivered. themselves to the Democratio party,

d down at the feet of the Democratic party.

hese men who are called Fusion leaders are
absolutely without following. the indorse-
ment of Stevenson will be repudiated by every
one of the rank and file of the People's party. As
matters stand now the Fusionists cannot legally
get on the ballot in thirty-one of the States
where the Populists are strong. The Fusion-
{sts have gone their limit.”

 

M'GUIRE CARRIES SYRACUSE,

 

He Declined to Let the Primaries Declare in
Favor of His Nomination for Governor.

Syracuse, Aug. 28. Despite the threatened
opposition to Mayor McGuire in Syracuse the
Mayor carried every ward in the city to-day

nd his close political friends were elected on
all the delegations. The only delegates decided
on for the State Convention are Mayor McGuire
and his two intimate friends, Jolin J. Cununins
and Melvin Z. Haven, two leading orators of the
local Democracy. The Mayor refused to allow
the primaries to declare in favor of his norai-
nation for Governor, and he announced last
evening that to do so would be a betrayal of
Senator Hill and that he was going to stand by
the Senator to the finish.

 

Secretary Root Expected to Make the Open-
ing Address.

Ex-Mayor William L, Strong announced yes-
terday that the first meeting of the campaign
to be held under the direction of the Associated
Dry Goods Merchants’ Assoctation would be
held ip the Jaffrays building on Sept. 8 at noon
The Hon. Elihu t, Secretary of War, is ex-
pected to make the opening address.

 

 

Old Enough for « Beard.

. Barin's Shaving Cream was the first made—' 485,
od pane ago. The Best then and also now. ~Ade.

 
 

  

ba

SUN,

THE
WOODRUFF'S NEW BOOM.

STARTED ON GRANGER DAY AT THE
STATE FAIR.

Thousands of Grangers Cheer Him and Want
to Shake Hands With Him--They Also Say
They Want Him for Governor-Mr, Woot
raf! Much Pleased by the Demonstration.

Syracuss, Aug. 28.—A boom for Timothy
L. Woodruff for Governor was started in Syra-
ouse to-day at the State Fair. To-day was
Granger Day at the fair, Between 80,000 and
40,000 Grangers from all parts of the State
took advantage of the one-fourth rate on
all railroads and came to see the
big show. It was a good show—
far and away the best New York State Fair
they had ever attended with a horse show in
addition that “Father” Hyde says is better
than the Horse Show at Madison Square Gar-
den. The horse show, they realized, was the
fulfilment of Mr. Woodruff’s promise Other
improvements credited to him spread them-
selves out upon what had been an expanse of
*tubble and cindera. Not the least of these
wa the new mile trotting track, which will
bring Grand Circuit races to Syracuse next
year.

By 2 o’clook, the hour at which Lieut.-Gov.
Woodruff was scheduled to make a 6
to his brothers in the Prange, the whole
or forty thousand of them had gathered about
the speakers’ stand. As Mr. Woodruff appeared
and extended to them a welcome to the show,
a big Grange cheer for him wentup. It seemed
as if the vast crowd had but one voice, and
that voice was for Woodruff. Some one in the
crowd shouted

“We want Woodruff for Governor.”

The cry was taken up by the throng and added
to by the State Fair Commissioners, The
cheering was vigorous and prolonged (Then
the Grangers would not let Mr. Woodruff talk
any longer. They demanded that he come
down from the speakers’ stand and made a rush
upon him. Vhen the Lieutenant-Gover-
nor had got through shaking hands with this
acquaintances in the crowd, and he called at
least every twentieth man in, proximity to
the stand by name, and had also’ shaken hands
with many more Grangers whom he didn'tknow,
but who knew him, he emerged, dusty, grimy
and as to clothes a little the worse for wear and
rough handling, but looking very well satis-
fled. Then he called his stenographer who was
near by and began to dictate letters. A score
of them were reeled off as fast as nimble fingers
could pu down the signs in shorthand

“This is the greatest show on earth, You
must surely come and see it.” That was the
tenor of them all, And the Lieutenant-Gov-
ernor’s enthusiasm was the enthusiasm of the
visitors, Wherever the Lieutenant-Governor
was found all the afternoon he was surrounded
by Grangers from districts near and remote
who gave him a demonstration of their regard.

“What do you think of tt allp” the Ileuten-
ant-Governor was asked after he had left the
falr grounds,

Heshook his head and smiled,

‘It was certainly very gratifying,” he said at
atlength. Andthen, half musing: “The nom-
ination for Governor cannot be made before the
convention.”

Besides becoming a member of the Grange,

 

Mr. Woodruff has joined eleven agricultura
and county fair societies. The Country (en-
tleman and several other agricultural and live

stock papers have made him their candidate

BRYAN'S POWER FOR MISCHIEF.

A Grave Condition Which Confronts All
Friends of Honest Money Premium on Gold
Possible in Spite of Congress,

The platform adopted by the Democratic
party, last July, at the Kansas City Convention,
contains this declaration:

We reaffirm and Indorse the principles of the Na
tional Democratic platform adopted at Chicago in
1496, and we reiterate the demand of that platform
for an American financial system made by the
American people for themselves, which shall restore
and retain a bimetallic price level; and, as part of such
system, the immediate restoration of the free and un-
limited colnage of silver and gold, at the present legal
ratio of 16 to 1, without walting forthe ald or con-
sent of any other nation.

The effect of passing an act of Congress to
carry out this declaration would be, practically,
to substitute for the present gold dollar as the
standard of monetary value, a silver dollar
worth only 47 centa in gold. This the wiser
members of the convention saw, and they saw,
moreover, that the consequences of such an
enactment would be disastrous to the Demo-
cratic party, as it would be to the country.
They, accordingly, opposed with all their might
the adoption of the declaration and would have
prevented it, had not Mr. Bryan, whose friends
were in the majority, insisted upon it, and by
the announcement that otherwise he would
refuse the Presidential nomination, succeeded
in carrying it through

COMMITTED TO FRER SILVER.

Mr. Bryan ts, therefore, by his action at
Kansas City, as well as by the numerous
speeches he made in the Presidential campaign
of 1894, committed to the promotion of the free
and unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio
of 14 to 1, and to the use of all his power as
President, should he be elected, to procure
the enactment by Congress of a law to that
effect. Thathe would do this is as sure as any-
thing can be, The sarne masterful spirit that
made him risk the loss of his nomination rather
than seem to have abandoned a measure which
he advocated ao earnestly in 1896, is a @uarantes
that he would be no lesa reckless in promoting
it after he had obtained the power and the
patronage of the Presidency

Notwithstanding thie plain declaration of
the intention both of the Democratic party
as an organization and of {ts Presidential can-
didate personally, to restore the free and un-
limited coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1,
as soon as they get the power to do It, a con-
siderable number of mlaguided men, who are
fully aware of the mischief that the meamire
would produce, announce that they mean
to vote the Democratic ticket. They excuse
themselves for doing so, partly on the ground
that the ticket will be defeated any way, and
that they vote for it only to express their hatred
of what they call \¢ Impertalism of the Republi-
can party; and they also assert that even if
the ticket is successful the Senate will prevent
the passage of any act likely to impair the
maintenance of the present gold standard.
They act as a man would act who should set
fire to his house, and excuse himeelf by saying
that he did not believe, In the firet place, that
his house would burn, and secondly, that, if it
did burn, the firemen would prevent the flames
from doing any damage. Evidently every
voter of this kind who votes for Mr. Bryan will
help, at least, to elect him. If he ts electad,
even without a Senate and a House of Repre-
sentatives so constituted as to support him
in passing a siiver coinage bill, he will have im-
mense power for financial mischief, and will
exercise it to the utmost

OBLIGATIONS PAYABLE TN COTN.

The principal and Interest of all the Govern-
ment bonds outatanding, except the 2 per cents.
{asued under the Currency act of last Maroh,
are payable in “coin,” because tn 1870 when the
act authorizing the issue of most of them was
passed the only coin known was gold coin, and
it waa thought unnecessary to say “gold coin”
expressly. Efforts have repeatedly been made
since to correct this wording and to declare
that “coin” means “gold coin,” but they have
heen as often defeated by the partisans of free
silver. The $246,000,000 In Government notes,
called greenbacks, are also redeemable, accord-
ing to the Resumption act, in coin, and the
Treasury notes of 1890 are redeemable in gold
or silver coin at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury. For the payment of the
ordinary debts of the Government any kind
of money ts sufficient

The Currency act of last March undertakes,
in a way, to remedy these defects in our legis-
lation. It declares that all the Government
notes shall be redeemed in gold coin, and makes
it “the duty” of the Secretary of the Treasury
to maintain all forms of money created by the
Goygrnment at par in gold. To enable him to
aceémplish this, it is also made his “duty” to
jasue and sell for gold coin whenever he needs
{t, Government bonds payable in gold, principal
and interest. At the same time no penalty ts
provided for his failing to perform either of
these duties, nor is there any way of compelling
him to do itexcept by threat of impeachment

FRRYAN'S CAPACTTY FOR MISCHIEF

These things being so it is easy to see how a
silverite President, like Mr. Bryan, could do
mischief. The Treasury holds the principal
gold supply of the country. and our finances
rest quietly upon the confident belief that the

  

Aon potters CT cere acre Y

Government will maintain gold payment under
any andevery condition, Solongas the Repub-
Hoan party remains in power the belief will
not be shaken, Lat, however, Mr. Bryan be-
come President and the whole aspect of affairs
would change. He would appoint as Secretary
of the Treasury a man of his own way of think-
ing, who would, aa the first thing, offer to pay
the interest on the public debt in silver dollara,
and when Government notes were presented
at the Treasury for redemption, he would offer
for them only the same coin This would
amount to a suspension of gold payments by
the Government and would put the country
back to where it was before resumption in
1878.

In itaelf, indeed, the suspension of gold pay-
ments thus indirectly effectedwould dono great
amount of mischief. It would not bring the
country, as some people say it would, to aailver
basis. Nothing can do that but opening the
mints to the free coinage of silver without
limit, and thus making the silver dollar worth
no more than the silver in it. So long as the
coinage of silver dollars is restricted to a com-
paratively smal] amount, as it as at present,
they will retain an artificial value far above
that of the silver of which they are made. The
mischief done would be to create general alarm
and distrust, and, if any large quantity of gold
were needed for export, to put it to a premium
over other kinds of money. The banks would
pay their depositors, and debtors would pay thelr
creditors, only inGovernment notes, bank notes,
silver dollars and silver certificates, and so long
as the Treasury refused to pay out gold, who-
ever needed it would have to buy It of the dealers
in it at a premium greater or less according to
the demand for it. Even if the premium rose
to no more than 6 per cent., it would derange
all business, increase the fluctuations of foreign
exchange and, by reviving the memories of
the Civil War, lead to a great hoarding of gold.
There might, indeed, ensue a monetary panio
which would spread over the whole land. What
people will doin the face of adanger, the extent
of which they cannot see, is proved by the way
runs on savings banks are started and spread.
Every depositor in a bank and* every creditor
who had money owing him would hasten to
call it in and to convert his money into gold,
before the premium became greater than it
was

A SILVER CIRCULATION COULD BE PORCED,

It is true that the banks and the individual
capitalists of the country might combine, and
eall the Secretary's bluff by taking the few
million silver dollars he hadon hand, so that he
would, thereafter, either have to pay in gold,

r suspend payment altogether. This would,
however, be only a temporary check to the
evil. As soon as silver dollars went to a dis-
count as compared with gold, though it were
only for a day or two, their holdings and the
holders of silver certificates would avail them-
selves of their legal right to tender them to the
Government in payment of dues and taxes
and the Government would get its revenues
in nothing else. The silver dollara would thus
become the country’s standard currency and
gold would command a premium, as {t did dur-
ing suspension days.

All this would come merely from the election
of Wiliam J. Bryan, even with both Houses of
Congress steadfast defenders of the gold atan-
ard. What he might do, by the use of patronage,
to overcome their opposition and secure a
positive enactment in favor of silver, nobody
ean tell. He would be sure to exert his power
in this way to the utmost, and the knowledge
that he was doing it would increase the general
alarm and intensify the panic. Moreover, in
case of the occurrence of a vacancy in the
Supreme Court of the United States, he would
fill it with a man of his own stamp, who would
try to pervert the decisions of the court to the
detriment of property rights and to the dis-
couragemant of industrial enterprise. He
could appoint as Attorney General and
Distriet Attorney men who would harass the
banks and the corporations, with hostile pro-
ceedings for every little technical violation of
law, and the importers of foreign gooda for
every failure to comply with the most trivial
customs regulation. He has promised to put
the man above the dollar, and the man would
be himself and his satellites, while the dollar
would be the dollar of every man who earned
it by his labor and his enterprise.

In it safe to take the risk of voting for Bryan?
Ie it not safer to vote for McKinley?

BRYAN‘'S NAME NOT MENTIONED.

 

Signs That Montgomery County Democrats
Favor McKinley for President,

Fonna, N. Y., Aug, 28, -The Democrats of
Montgomery county held a convention here
to-day and elected delegates to the State,Con-
gress and Senatorial  conventfons The
convention was controlled by the lieutenants
of Croker and Murphy, and these delegates
were elected to the State convention: Henrf
Breek of Amsterdam, Joseph C. Melick of Can-
ajoharie, and Clinton P. Lampman of St, Johna-
ville, There was some opposition to Mr. Lamp-
man, but the delegates were finally elected by
acclamation.

The names of Bryan and Stevenson were
not mentioned during the proceedings of the
convention. During the campaign of 1896 the
leaders of the Democracy in Montgomery
county favored the election of McKinley for

President, and it is safe to say that they etill
favor his election, inasmuch as the convention

ignored Bryan,

A resolution was passed without a dissent-
ing vote in favor_of the indorsement of ex-
Assemblyrnan E. Watson Gardiner of Amster-
dam as the independent Republican nominea
for State Senator in the Twenty-seventh dis-
trict in opposition to Hobart Krum of Scho-
harie, the Republican candidate. The Demo-
erata have not yet called their Senatorial con-

vention
It is not expected that the Pempcorets of the
Twenty-first Congressional district will make
any nominationfor Congressman, and Congress
man John w. Stewart, the Republican candi-
date, will have no opposition

Judge Henry V. borst was elected a dele-
gate to the judicial convention. It is qtgected
that the Republican candidate will be indorsed
by the Democrats, {inasmuch as the district
is overwhelmingly Republican. B. F. Spraker
of Palatine was chairman of to-day's conven-
tion.

 

FOR MARION BUTLER'S SEAT.

State Chairman Simmons of North Carolina a
Candidate for the Senate.

Rareron, N. ©., Aug. 28--F. M. Simmons,
chairman of the Democratio State Executive
Committee, who conducted and led the fight in
the recent North Carolina campaign, issued a
letter to-day to the Demooratic voters of the
State enmnouneing his candidacy for the
United States Senate to sucoeed Marion
Butler. The Senatorship will be deaded
at a primary in November, which is an
innovation in North Carolina politics. Gen.
Julian 8. Carr, the wealthy tobacco manufac-
turer, who is Simmone's strongest opponent for
the Senatorship, is making a personal canvase
over the State. Chairman Simmons announces
{in his letter that he will devote all of his time
toward the election of Bryan and Stevenson
and nine Democratic Congressmen and com-
mits his cause to his friends,

 

Lyons, N. Y., Aug. 28.—The Republican Sena-

torial Convention for the Forty-second district
was held here to-day and Senator John Raines
of Canandaigua was renominated without op-
position,

To secure listings in’

THE TELEPHONE DIRECTORY

to be used during October, November,
and December—New York's most active
season—contracts must be made before

Seprember 1, 1900
Contracts may be made now for service
to begin on or after September Ist, if
desired,

New York Telephone Co.

Contract Offices:

Dey Street,
MANHATTAN | {FD St Sath Street.
THE BRONX: 148th St. and Third Ave.

 

 

 
 
 
    

1900.
CROKER TO SPEAK SOME,

WILL WARN YOUNG MEN AGAINST
THE TRUSTS.

 

His Speech Made the Other Day onthe Same
Sabject Has Been Printed for Circalattion
~He Will Follow It Up With More Talk
of That Kind—National Committee's Fix,

Richard Croker, Chieftain of Tammany Hall,
has had the speech which he made to the mem-
bers of the Tammany Executive Committee
at their meeting on Friday afternoon printed
in pamphlet form, and is going to have it dis-
tributed all over the country, #0 that the young
men of the nation will have an opportunity
to learn what he thinka of their prospecta.
Mr. Croker says that he is very much in ear-
nest about the danger threatening the coun-
try from trusts. He was down at the Hoff-
man House yesterday in the headquarters
of the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin faction of the
party. He had talks with ex-Senator Murphy
and State Senator Patrick Henry McCarren,
and his attention was called to a despatch
from Albany announcing that ex-Judge Robert
Farle of the Court of Appeals, who has been
mentioned as one of the possible candidates
of the anti-Hill faction for Governor, would
not accept the nomination. Mr. Croker said
that he had not made up his mind as to who
would be the best candidate for Governor,
but he said that he was confident that whoever
was nominated would be the best man and
would be elected.

“I wont make up my mind about the
Governorship until I get to Saratoga,” said
Mr. Croker. “There I will learn the senti-
ment of the delegates. I am not for anybody
now. We'll nominate the choice of the ma-
jority, and he'll be the best man, too, Then
we'll sweep the State. This is a year of great
Democratic victories. We're going to carry
Ohio, and we're going to carry Indiana, We'll
carry Indiana by 50,000,”

Mr. Croker was asked whether he would
do any talking during the campaign, there
having been a report in circulation that he
would take the stump.

“I may do a little talking,” said Mr. Croker.
“I may talk about trusts, I think {t is my
duty to warn the young men. A vote for
McKinley will be a vote to put the trusts in

power and to increase their power. The trusts
only help a few men. They hurt most of the
people. All the employers will vote to

strengthen the trusts, but the employees will
vote against them, because they sea what
will happen to them !f the trusts get more power
The employees can outvote the employers
every time and that’s why Brran will be elected
flow many department stores are there in
this town?”

Those who were with Mr, Croker named a
dozen big department stores. Mr. Croker
nodded as the name of each was mentioned.

“Suppose all the department stores should
combine into one they could discharge a lot of
Repple and carry on the bus ness more cheaply.

Vhy, years ago when I lived n Third avenue—-
those were the days—stores rented for $2,000
a year, Now they're empty, or else they are
renting for $50 a month. The shopkeepers
could pay it then. They can't do {it now. If
all the big department stores should combine
they'd all stop advertising. How would the
newspapers like that? If the newspapers
could be made to see how they hurt themselyes
by defending trusts they'd stop it. There may
be a big newspaper trust some day, and all the
papers will be controlled by one head, and if a
reporter loses his job he wont be able to get
work. That's one of the troubles with these
trusts ff a man loses his job he can't get another.

This is a young man's campaign. We are
golng to see that they oung men have more yotes
than their employers. I don't know where we
will end if we keep on going this way. One
man power is getting to be a serious thing in
business and in government. Don't you see that
imperialism and trusts are together. It's one-
man power with both of thern. The Democrats
are going to win on these issues. Four years
ago there were flags in front of all the business
houses with McKinley and Hobart on them.
Now you'll find Bryan flags down there. You'll

find Bryan flags allover. Talk about Republi-
can apathy. It isn't apathy the Republicans
fear; its votes. People aren't igoing to shout

for McKinley this year they're going to vote
for Bryan.”

Mr. Croker ought to know about the number
of Bryan banners on Broadway and the other
thoroughfares of the city, because as soon as
he got back from the Kansas City convention
he announced that he was going to put up two
Rryan banners for every publican banner,
Mr. Croker and the gentlemen who are aa-
sociated with him in his effort to obtain con-
trol of the State machine said that the pri-
mariea which were being held while they con-
versed would show who would not be the Dem-
ocratic nominee for Governor if they didn’t
show who would he nominated. They ex-
pressed the utmost confidence that the result
of the primaries would be such as to prove to
the Hon. Rird 8S. Coler and the advocates of his
eandidacy that he could not get the nomina-
tion. This belief seemed to give them a great
deal of comfort. In fact they were very happy

Chairman Frank Campbell of the State Demo-
eratic Committee, who is friendly to ex-Senator
David B. Hill and also to Mr. Murphy and Mr
Croker, saw Mr. Murphy vesterday in the Hoff-
man House barber shop. They exchanged
some commonplaces in regard to the weather
and found that they could agree on this sub-
fact Immediately if was announced that
Mr. Campbell had had a conference with Mr
Murphy. They agreed in this conference
that vesterday was a pretty warm day, and that
was as far as they got toward polities

Mr. Campbell had a number of callers at
State headquarters inthe St. James building
yesterday, many of whom were warm frienda
of Comptroller Coler. These callers dropped
in and told Mr. Campbell that they thought
Mr. Coler was growing stronger all the time
Mr. Campbell experts that ex-Gov. William
J. Stone of Missouri and National Committea-
man Daniel J. Campau of Michigan will be tn
town to-morrow or next day to open Democratic
National Headquarters. Representative James
D. Richardson of Tennessee, ehairman of the
Democratio Congress Committee, will join
them soon, and will make this place his main
headquarters

There is some question as to where the Dem-
ocratic National Committee will open ita head-
quarters, The Hill men think that they ought
to be in the St. James Building where the State
Committee headquarters are, and they think
also that if the National Committee does not
take rooms there it will mean that the com-
mittee is against Hill in the fight for the con-
trol of the State machine. The National Com-
mittee finds {itself in a very embarrassing po-
sition. No one has ever questioned the regu-
larity of the present Democratic State Com-
Eiitete, but the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin com-
vine has the money. Mr. Croker and Mr. Mur-
phy have a large number of friends who have
contributed liberally to the expenses of the
comnpeige. The State Committee has hat
pretty hard sledding to get money anough to
pay current expenses so far. The Nationa!

‘ommittee needs money, Chairman Jones
and his associates are afraid that if they enter
into close alliance with Chairman Campbell
and his assistants Mr. Croker and Mr, Murph
wont give them any cash. On the other hand,
they think that if they go in with the Croker-
Murphy-Sheviin combine they will rouse the
ire of Mr. Hill's friends up the State, which
they don't want to do. Anyway, Mr. Jones
and his associates haven't rented headquarters
yet. and they wont until after they have seen
paireean Campbell, Mr. Croker and Mr. Mur-
phy.

ANTI-IMPERIALISM WORK.
Determined Effort to Get the Quaker Vote in
Indiana for Bryan.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 28.--The Indiana Antt-
Impertalista have opened headquarters in this
city and are working hand-in-hand with the
Democratic managers, and both organizations
are sending out the same literature. While
the Democrats are sending their campaign
documents to Democrats in the main, the Antis
are mailing theirs to Republicans and the lista
at the headquarters show that they have been
supplied with the names of more than 20,000
Republicans upon whom they are working
Among the documents are a number of speeches
by Carl Schurz and these are being sent. to
German Republicans. Several of the speeches
made at the recent “Liberty Congress,” with
the resolutions it adopted, are being sent proad-
cast among the Quaker settlements of the
State, notably Wayne, Hendricks, Boone,
Randolph and other counties

It is asserted at headquarters that there
have been many requesta from prominent
Quakers, including professors in the Earlhacs
College, for anti-imperialistio literature, an
it is said that the letter of Henry U, Johnson,
declaring for Bryan, is being mailed to every
Quaker in the old Sixth district, which Johnson
represented in Congress Antis appear
to have plenty of money and say that their
force of clerks is to be largely increased next
week.

 

Bonds to Pay for Widening Bridge.

The Board of Estimate and Apportionment
authorized the issue yesterday of bonds for
$150 000 to pay for the widening of the proposed

bridge over the Harlem at 145th street from 65
to 100 feet, John C. Sheehan has the contract for
the bridge. No action was taken on oy appli-
cation for an appropriation to save the eres
way trees.

7
5 DIT OT ME TE Te

WEDNESDAY,- AUGUST 29,

ov

TN

Small Steel Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Unlimited Club Soda would seem an extravagance to the

average family.

24 cents per bottle.

Mineral tablets and fruit syrups

furnished.

Pint bottles, $1.50 upwards.

It need not be so.
aerated by a SPARKLET is equal
to the best Club Soda, and costs

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 upwards.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

All Druggists.

Clear spring or iced water

Compressed Gas

MRS. CROKER BACK FROM EUROPE.
She and Many Other Americans Aboard the
Katser Wilhelm der Grosse.

Among the many voyagers, mostly returning
Americana, aboard the North German Lloyd
steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, which
arrived yesterday from Bremen, Southamp-
ton and Cherbourg, were Manager Conried
of the Irving Place Theatre, Dr. and Mrs. W. T.
Bull, Mrs. Richard Croker and her daughter
Florence, Major-Gen. Iditti of the Japanese
Army, Anna Held, Paul M. Potter, Nils Olsen,
Arthur W. Seribner, Francis Lynde Stetson,
8. H. Cramp, Claus Spreckels and Baron Czikan
von Wahiborn,the Austrian Minister to Wash-

ington.

Manager Conried brought with him more
than fifty new German plays and a decoration
from the German Emperor, the “Order of the
Crown,” which is a gold and silver cross with @
blue ribbon. Mr. Conried says that the honor
ie the highest ever conferred on a member of
the dramatic profession by the Emperor. It
entities him to admission to the German Court,
Mrs. Richard Croker said she had been trav-
eltng abroad for health and pleasure. She
didn't care to be interviewed, saying that she
preferred to have her husband take all the
rominence for the family in that line. She
as been away since June 6 and has visited
Switzerland, aden-Baden and Paris. She
thinks the Exposition not so good as the Chicago
snow.

A straw vote taken in the first and seo-
ond cabins at dinner on Monday night showed
that the men passengers were for McKinley.
The frst cabin passengers polled 157 for McKin-
ley and 31 for Bryan: in the second cabin the
result of the balloting was McKinley, 63, Bryan

 

TROLLEY ACCIDENT IN FLATLANDS.

 

Three Persons Injured and Traffic De-
layed—Trolley Pole Entangled in Feed Wire.

Three persons were injured and several
others shocked ina trolley accident early yes-
ferday morning at Flatbush avenue and Aub-
bard’s lane, Flatlands. The accident was
caused by the trolley pole of a car of the Bergen
Beach division becoming entangled in a feed
wire overhead and traffic was delayed for
nearly three hours. The wire, which was
torn down, formed a circuit when it touched
the ground and for about a mile the remainder
of the wire was at red heat, plainly lighting
up the tracks. The car was surroupded by
elecirical sparks and the flashing fire caused
a panic among the passengers. Mrs. George
Haefner of 1182 Gates avenue, Brooklyn, who
with many other persons. Jumped from _ the
ear, was badly hrulsed and cut about the face
and body; Nelson Wilston of Mell lane and Flat-
bush avenue received lacerations and sprained
hislefthip. Charles Donaldson of Bay Twenty-
ninth street, Bensonhurst, sprained his right
ankle and was bruised about the face and hands.
Matthew Kennedy of Kings Righway and sev.
eral other passengers were shocked. All of
the injured were attended by Ambulance Sur-
geon Sommerville of the Kings County Hospt-
tal and removed to their home

SWIMMERS’ CLOTHES STOLEN.

Watches Gone, Money Gone and How Were
They to Get Home to Rye?

Aug. 28 -Nicholas Suneen and
John Lindauer, two voung men of this place
had an unpleasant experience last night. They
went down to the Sound to have a ewim and
left their clothes on the beach. While they
were in. the water a thief stole them When
the young men missed their wearing apparel

Rra, N. ¥..

they were greatly surprised. All of [thei
jewelry, including two gold watches, an
their money was In the pockets of the miss-

ing garments. They thought that a joke
had been played on them and sat down to
walt, but when the clock on Christ Churoh
chimed midnight they gave up all hope an
made their way homeward, a distance of two
miles, through the woods and across lots as
much as possible.

 

Southern Rallroad Commisstoners to Meet,

CHaTTANoooa, Tenn. Aug. 28 The Rail
road Commissioners of nearly all the Southern
States are here to-night in readiness for the
joint meeting to be held on Lookout Moun-
tain to-morrow. Six States are represented
by the following: Texas, John &@. Reagan,
Allison Mayfield, L. I., Story; Florida, Aenry

F. Day, John M. Bryan, John L. Morgan: Ar-
kansas, Robert Nefll, Jeremiah G. allace,
Henry W. Wells; Loulsiana, C. L Defunciag,
R. N. Sims, Jr., W. L. Foster: Missisaipp 2.2:
Evans, John D. McInnes, M. M, Evans; Ten-
nesses, Thomas L. Williams, N. W. Paptiat.
The purpose of the meeting is to arrive ata
plan for securing a unity of rates through-
out, the:South

STITT
yy,’ ml

SAMPLE SENT ON
APPLICATION TO

Brunswick

Pharmacal Co.,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

aieteaialidiceaiamianianiinnaiiinaias EAS

 

POPULIST REVOLT GROWS,

NAMING OF STEVENSON MAKES NE«
BRASKA LESS CERTAIN FOR BRYAN,

He Professes to Be Much Pleased Over the
Committee's Action, but the Alarm of the
Populist Leaders Is Evident—Republican
Confidence in the State-Lincoin Flags,

Lincoun, Neb,, Aug. 28.—Mr. Bryan is much
Pleased over the action of the Populist Na-
tional Committees in naming Stevenson as his
running mate on the Populist ticket. He says:

lam very glad that Mr, Stevenson has been
indorsed by the Populists. He is thoroughly
committed to the principles set forth in the
Kansas City platform and deserves the sup.
Rote of all who believe in those principles.
© have nominated any one eise would have
weakened the ticket. The Populist organiza-
tion will profit rather than suffer by this evi-
dence of its willingness to place the triumph
Of Feinci ples shove partisanship.”

@ same fee of confidence as to profit is
not shared by the Populist leaders in Seirankes
From the beginnivg they have fought the
Substitution of Stevenson, because they feared
the effect upon the ticket in Nebraska. It
was only after the strong persuasion of Bryan,
Patterson of Colorado, Becrsuary Edgerton
and others that they were willing to agree to
support the proposition in the committee.
Vice-Chairman Edmiston, who is one of Ne
braska’s representatives on the committee,
was violently op to Stevenson, as was
Gov. Poynter, and they were the last to give in.
Even now Poynter feels that it has practically
sealed his death warrant

The revolt of the Mid-Roaders in this State

is spreading. Seven ex-members of the Legis-
lature have openly bolted the Fusion ticket,
Some will support McKinley, and others have
joined the party of protest. They are being
ollowed by @ num of Populist newspapers,
In the county of Buffalo it is asserted that
but one of the seven Populist papers is sup-
porting the ticket. The line Populists look
upon Stevenson's indorsement as the last
act of the slow absorption of their party by
the Democracy that has been going on in this
State since 1894. Some of them will vote for
Bryan because of his rsonality, but this
year will see the end of fusion in the State.
ixty per cent. of the Populist party in Nebraska
came from the ranks oi the Republicans. Many
of these are going back in disgust to their
old organization, while the others will start
to build over again.

Evidence is accumulating with the Republican
State Central Committee to justify the appre-
hension on the part of the fusionists that they
will lose the State. Atthe beginning of — the
campaign the Republicans felt no confidence
in their ability to take Nebraska out of the
Bryancolumn. Their chief efforts were directed
toward securing the Governor and the Legis-
lature. But since the troubles have arisen in
the Populist pany they have been in receipt
of so many ettering reports and the names
of so many men who have changed from Bryan
to McKinley that they have felt more and more

 

like making a positive claim that Nebraska will
be for McKinley. A poll of the State is now
being made, an

upon the result of it will depend
whether such a claim will be put forth. Fhey
believe now that Nebraska can be accounted
a fairly doubtful State and have made requisition
upon the Nationalj)Committee for speakers of
national renown to assist in the redemption.

K, D. V. Peck, a Democratic newspaper man
of Syracuse, N. Y., was one of Mr. Bryan's
callers to-day, He was quite sure that Mr.
Brean would have an excellent chance to se-
cure New York if harmony could be obtained
at the coming State convention. Mr. Peck
managed to furnish considerable amusement
to Lincoln people. At first he thougbt to walk
from his hotel to the candidate's hor but
after trudging along for half a dozen blocks
he gave it up and hailed a passing car

“Say. he called out to the conductor tn @
eneral atten-

tone loud enough to attract the
at the next

tion of the passengers, “let me 0!
President's house.”

A man on the seat fn front turned round and
said quietly:

woe on the sree our, sir.” “

Mr. Pee’ medintels gan to gestionla
vipieatly at the conductor and ask to be let
°

“And you're in the wrong town, sir,” added
his fellow passenger.

Mr. Peck tumbled. He wanted to w if
the qe, went to Mr. Bryan's house, and when
told It did he subsided.

The City Council, which was tricked week
into passing a resolution ordering the nu!
licans to take down their banners and flags
with MoKinley and Roosevelt pletures attached,
has rescinded ita action. and passed the follow-
ing very emphatic resolutions:

Reaolred, That the Council in peesing tpe
raid resolution, did not seek to prevent the
use of flags or camp n pictures, but if ench
was the intent of the introducer of sald reso-
lution, then be it further

“Resolved, That it is the sense of this body
that a See sould pe maintained aaete

anted, whether On over the a
i) the sea or over Nebraska's MF thal
city, ao long as belligerents shall t in
the attempt to shoot {t down abroad or legia
late it down at home.”

from the horrors of

Dyspepsia and _ the

intensified horrors of

Insomnia by taking

Johnson’s Digestive
Tablets (Papoids)