piyey —> =o = =
qt WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900,
, rf sia a an -
{ S_=— —
j } : Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
i DATLY, per Month... petricattnlon
Va DAILY, per Year Be SP rTITITELG

(tf GUNDAY, per Year cccee

i DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year cscs

4 DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month. ..e+

1 Postage to foreign countries added

THESUN New York City

PaRts—Kiosque No. 12, near rand Hotel, and
Kiceque No. 10, Houlevard de pucines.

TY owr friends who faror us with manuscripts for
publloation with (o Race rejected artictes returned, they
gous én all cases send stames for that purpose.

 

we =

———

 

—_—— -

; Bryan the Issue.
;

We are glad to see many evidences In
the correspondence of THe SUN that inter-

:
} eat in the political canvass ts becoming
j keen. Such evidences appear likewise in
‘i all the markets and in the correspondence
(} of Jarze commercial horses
Mr. Exauian of indiana exactly ex-
pressed the prevailing feeling when he said
' that the “paramount issue” {8 Baran
{ himself. It {# simply that and no other
' whether Bryan talks “imperialism” or

16 to 1. He is both the platform and the
candidate, and there is no department of
business or enterprise or industry which
separates the two or is not afraid of him
in himself and as the representative of the
revolutionary doctrines and men of 1896

; Except as such he has no standing, and

the Boutwells, the Sechurzs and the Shepards

who are trying to make of him something

j else are wasting their efforts. Nobody will
votefor him on the ground of “impertalism”
who would not have hunted up some other

; pretext for voting for him if “ {mperial-

; {sm"” had not been invented to serve the

purpose
Bryan Is the faaue and ft fa an tssue tipon

which men's minds were made up from the
very moment of his renomination at Kansas
City. They do not need to he told what he ts
and what and whom he represents, for they
know {t already; and every attempt on his

own part or by others to turn them away |

from discerning the issue he is in himself

will be vain
‘niet
Mo(iecllan’s Later View of ''Impe-
rialism.’*

In 1864 Gen. Grornae B, McCLELLAN
was the Presidential candidate of the Demo-
cratic party upon a platform of surrender
to rebellion The cost of the war was a
leading Democratic argument, but the
danger of imperialism, as fostered by the
arch enemy of Republican institutions,
the too forceful commander of the army
putting down the rebellion, ABRAHAM
Linconn, was a still more popular theme
in the Democratic press. TAaNcoLN was to
convert the Republic into an empire, the
army, enlarged under the pressure of
war, to be the instrument of his ambition,
and McCLELLaAN was to be the national
saviour

Thirteen years later, removed from the
malign associations of this Presidential
canvass, Gen. McCiEt.an became the
Democratic candidate for Governor of
New Jersey and in the course of his suc-
cessful campaign he acknowledged this
to be the conclusion of his riper years:

* All the Incidents of the past prove that the army
will never have the disposition to feopardize the free
{ostitutions of the country. Our nation would be
nate, Indeed, for all time did the mass of its citizens
place upon its Insiftutions the same intelligent anpre-
elation as thatin whitch they are held by the army,
and were honor, integrity and respect for the laws as
much the rule among the people as they are inthe
regular army, which has given too many proofs of
herotem, of integrity, of devotion to the country, to
be regarded as a source of danger. On the contrary,
be who understands fts history must regard it with
"pride and satisfaction asone of the chief ormaments
ef the nation, as 4 school wherein are taught and
practised the virtues of valor, self-dental, obedience
end patriotism, and as an institution which has never
called the blush of shame to the face of an Amer-
fean."

Yet the Kansas City platform seeks to
convert the nation's loyal support of our
emall army in the East into a treasonable
panic over" militarism,” and the party candi-
date, Bryan, dodders about “ imperialism.”

The particular degree, of militarism
that we have now is Bryan's own work.
The army of our war with Spain, number-
ing 250,000, has sunk to 100,000, where its
decline is checked by Democratic encour-
agement of rebellion in the Philippines.

Stale, ridiculous, but shameful is the
Democratic crusade of anti-imperialism!

 

 

Have We Been Too Lentent With
Poor Spofford?

In the subjoined communication a corre-
spondent in Trenton expresses the opinion
that Tue Sun may have been too merciful
in its treatment of Mr. Atnswortn KR, Spor-
PORD during the exposure of the methods
of the ' Committee on Distributions’

“To THE EDITOR OF THR SUN The en-
closed letter, of which you have doubtless recetved
other copies, will explain Itself

** Poor SPOPPORD!" He seems to have imbibed the
epirit of his associates and become an expertin in-
rection. 1 begin to doubt whether he ts fully
entitled to the lenity with which you have handled
bim.

* These methods doubtless catch a great many peo
ple, and SPOPPORD and his associates have conse-
quently found them profitable: therefore, they are not
only continuing them, but spreading them over new
enterprises, notwithstanding the continued and just
eriticism which they have had through your columns,

“TRENTON, N. J.. Aug. 24. W. BA."

The letter enclosed is typewritten, but
signed with a pen:

“406 F STREET. N. W.,
“WASHINGTON, D.C, Aug. 7, 1900 }

“DBAR STR: With the assistance of Mr FRANK
WRITENK AMPH, of the Astor Library, New York, I
have recently issued the last edition of my ‘Library of
Historic Characters and Fam jus Events’

**Asthe completion of the undertaking, involving
many years of literary Iabor and a vast expenditure
of money, ts of special Interest to the American people,
T bave thought it best to make a distribution among a
few gentlemen in your city and your name has been
given me, through the kindness of a friend, as one
who would appreciate this favor

“IT ahall be pleased tosend you full particulars upon
reoeips of the Postal Card that I have provided for your
reply. Kindly fill outand return same at your earil-
esteonvenience. Faithfully yours,

“A. RO SPOPFORD,
“Appointed LAbrarian of Conuyress, 1465, by Prest-
dent LANCOLN."

Here over Mr. Srorronp's written name
unless, indeed, the signature isa forgery--
wehave the old familiar lingo of Bancrs
and his merry men: “ Distribution " among
a few selected individuals; “ your name has
been given me;"’ “appreciate the favor,"

Str:

 

i and 80 on, together with the protrusion of
; poor Sporrorp's official connection with
f the Library of Congress for all that it is
/ worth as an inducement to subscription,

hi But this is not all, While Sporrorn, with

the assistance of Mr. FRANK WeITENKAMPH
of the Astor Library, has been expending
many years of literary labor upon his al-

a leged * Library of Historic Characters and
si Famous Events," that poor overworked
7 ; Gentleman has been occupied also from
> i

a

dawn to dark, and far into the hours when
he should have been abed, with the stupen-
dous task of digesting and condensing the
entire contents of the Library of Congress
for the benefit of a few representative citl-
zena whose names have been selected. A
friend in Buffalo sends us, with some
caustic remarks, poor Sporrorn's plaintive
announcement of this other enterprise,
wholly distinct from the “TAbrary of Historio
Characters and Famous Events,” in every
particular except that it, too, has con-
sumed many years of Mr, SPporronp's

valuable life:
“PHILADELPHIA, Ang, 22, 1900,

“DmRAR Sim: After many yearsof ilerary labor, I
have achieved in finished form, largely in collabora-
tion with my friend CHAS, GIBBON, Librarian of the
Firitish Musenm) a condensation of these two great
libraries, comprising more thao one million five bun-
dred thousand volumes; 4 collection of Standard liter-
ature which I feel I ean recommend to my friends asa
finished digest of all that {s best and worthtest im the
Iiterature of all times and of all peoples during the
course of more than six thousand years of human ino
tellectual development

* Thave decided in lieu of spending large sume of
money in promiscuous advertising, t distribute such
cost in the form of a liberal discount to afew repre
aentative gentlemen who have been recommended to
me by iny friendsin Washington, and whose endorse:
ment to my enterprise will give tot the publicity I
wish.

“ Your name has been mentioned to me; so should
you be interested In having full particulars, I shall be
giad to furnish them to you, and send you specimen
pages and tilustrations free of all expense if you will
kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter by inclosed
card. Very fattbfully yours,

“AINSWORTH R SPOFFORD.”

This communtoation ts decorated with an
engraved picture of the Library of Congress
at Washington and {it bears a letterhead
reading, ‘The Spofford Library Associa-
tion, AINSWorTIt R. Sporrorp, Fditor, Late
librarian of Congresa, Washington, D.C."
In the text of the letter the recipient ts in-

| formed that he is the selected beneficiary of
| a proposed distribution,

 

Still another correspondent {n Hazelton,
Pennsylvania, sends us a letter which he
received in July, signed by Mr. Sporrorp
like the foregoing, but differing somewhat
in ita specifleations concerning the exact
extent of the labor imposed on that martyr
soul during many years past:

“During Mr. SPOFFORD'S tneumbency, our
National Library has grown from being a mere nu
cleus tothe second largest Library in the world; the
first being the National Library of England, of which
Mr. CHARLES GIBBON has been Librarian for up
ward of frty yeare

“Por many years past Mr. SPOFFORD and Mr
GIBBON have collaborated In making 4 digest of these
two great libraries, containing more than three mi!
lions of volumes; a Work that will bean epitome of all
that is Standard value tn the literature of every Nation
that has bad a literature; @ History of Human intelli
gence from t's dawn in China, India, Chaldea and
Fgypt, more than efght thousand years ago, to the
beginning of our twentieth century

We do not think THE Stn has been too
lenient with poor Sporrorp. We do not
think the Senate Committee let him off too
easily for his share in the ''Committee on
Distribution’ scandal. The imagination
staggers and the sympathetic heart grows
faint at the thought of the load of labor
Sporrorp has been carrying. As Chief
Assistant Librarian of Congress he has
been obliged to work at his desk in
office hours to earn the salary of $4,000
which the Government pays him. He
has been at the beck and call of every
Senator and Representative who wanted
a reference, a date, a quotation, or a
good rotund Latin phrase with which
to end an oration. As chief member of the
“Committee on Distribution,”” he had to
supervise the literary style of Barcvs's
young men, to make indexes, to read
proofs, toindorse checks over to BopMER,
and to answer inquiries from the selected
in all parts of the United States; receiv-
ing forall his work and for the use of his
illustrious name a pittanoe shameful in its
beggarly inadequacy, while the enormous
profits of the distribution rolled by him
into the pockets of Barcus and of
the Hono, James D. Riewarpson. And
now we know that on top of all this Spor-
FORD has not only been spending his nights
and his vacations and his mealtimes for
many years upon his ‘‘ Library of Historic
Characters and Famous Events,"’ but has
also been trying to find interstitial periods
of leisure for the colossal task of reading
and digesting all the books inthe Library of
Congress and epitomizing all the literature
produced by mankind since human intel-
ligence had its dawn in China, India, Chal-
dea and Egypt.

Is it strange that SporForp's overtaxed
brain should now be in a state unfavor-
able for fine ethical distinctions? Is
it singular that his ideas of official
propriety in the matter of the use
of his post under the Government for
advertising purposes should be somewhat
confused? Tait any wonder that facta and
figures should be dimming in his memory,
so that one month he writes to a
selected person in Hazelton that he has
been digesting and epitomizing more than
three millions of volumes, covering the
history of human intelligence for more than
eight thousand years, while the very next
month he writes to another selected one in
Buffalo reducing ‘the number of books to
one million five hundred thousand, and
cutting down the course of human intel-
lectual development from eight thousand
years to six thousand?

 

New Hampshire's New Sign.

If New Hampshire were flattened out it
would be larger. But that would be no
improvement, for it would take up more of
the United States, and either some owners
would haveto own more of it or there would
have to be more owners. Thus the wisdom
of holding up a considerable part of the
State edgewise is plain.

Somewhat more than a year ago Governor
ROLLINS proposed to the people of New
Hampshire what has come to be known
as Old Home Week--a week of festivals
in cities, towns and villages, the principal
feature of which is a neighborhood re-
union embracing residents, former resi-
dents and descendants of the latter. One
year ago some fifty festivals of this sort
were held. This year the number was
about a hundred. At one of these gather-
ings, held last week, Governor RoLumNs
showed that in the plan of New Hampshire's
creation there was wisdom unsuspected
by the agriculturists who were trying to
be thankful that their possessions were no
larger than they were. The period of
New Hampshire's figuring as an abandoned-
farm State, he said, was about over. A
new sign should be put out setting forth
that the State was the best place on earth
for summer board

Governor RoL.ins's remarks were received
with demonstrations of approval, and the in-
cident may be taken as an official announce-
ment that New Hampshire is closing out her
abandoned-farm business and will be found
| henceforth at the old stand with a new
line of goods embracing everything in the
way of recreation for summer visitors

Governor Ro.iins did not enlarge upon
the natural advantages possessed by his

 
 

a
—K————— sss

  

visitor's wants. He didn’t have to, The
farm of New Hampshire as a disadvan-
tageous place for farming has made all
the civilized world acquainted with the
mountains, gorges, hills and rocky barrens
of the Granite State. There ts much to
invite the summer visitor, and little that
he can injure. New Hampshire has ex-
tensive quarries and valuable water power,
but the aummer visitor cannot trample
down the former or set fire to the latter,
In New Hampshire he can climb more
mountains in a week than he could
in a year on the fertile plains of Kansas.
The horizon-touching wheat flelds of the
booming West offer no such dashing brooks
of trout as can be found in the creases
between mountains in New Hampshire.
In short, for every mood of the seeker for
summer recreation the Granite State has
something good to offer. Nor should its
peculiarly cooling effect upon hay fever
be forgotten. Whether hay fever is a
mood or a malady it finds just what it wants
in the New Hampshire hills, where is sit-
uated the only hay-fever sanitarium in
the world. As hay fever apparently smnites
only the highly intellectual, there are not
many sufferers, but, though few, they are
noisy about it, and it is a blessing to all the
rest of humanity that there is a place to
which they can go and think they are
cured,

Prosperity to New Hampshire, formerly
the State of abandoned farms, now and
henceforth the paradise of summer board-
ers! Her people are of sterling worth and
good to know, even in the trying relation
of host and summer sojourner.

What Is He Kicking About?

Mr. Bryan bewins to make speeches at
30 A M., and of his making speeches
there is no end; and this is a pretty big
plece of one which he spoke in Omaha
the other day, Will you kindly have the
patience to listen to it:

‘Lhawe my {dea of what civiifeation should mean,
Some people say that we Democrats are enemies of
property, It {snot true I have a home, I hope l
may some time havea better one I would thatevery
head of 4 family had a home, and the better the home
the happler I would be, I want property to be the re
ward of Industry, and I want every citizen to be se-
cure in the enjoyment of the proceeds of hts toll, Ido
notenvy the rich. Lam not desirous of pulling them
down. Iwanta civilization that makes every poor
man hope to be better off, and relieves the rich man
of the fear that his children will be trampled on if
they ewer become poor, I want a eivillvation that
embraces within its benefits every decerving member
of society. Ido not want a civilization that will pre-
vent aman from riding ina carriage, but Iwant @
civilization that gives hopes to the driver of the car
lage as wellas the man who rides in ft. [want a
civilization that gives hope to the girl that works in
the kitchen as well as to the one who sitsin the par
lor Iwantacivilization tbat makes life w rth living
to every human being.’

That is the kind of country the United
States is. Mr. Bryan has described it
almost exactly. If everybody has not a
home, everybody has an opportunity to
have one. ‘The driver of the carriage
may live to be driven in his own. The
kitchen maid may be the wife of a President.
Every citizen is secure in the proceeds of
his toil, except in so far as he may be per-
turbed by fears of Mr. Bryan's income
tax, corporation baiting and Trust harry-
ing. Every poor man does hope to be
rich, although he will never become so by
means of Mr. Bryan's two-dollar-for-one
thimblerig.

What is Mr. Bryan kicking about? Civil-
{zation in the United States is substantially
as he says it should be, He ought to move
to make the election of Mr. McKINLEY

unanimous,

 

The Real Sacrifice of the South,

The capital of Virginia must contain as
much common sense proportionately to its
populationas any other city; and, therefore,
we are surprised to see the Richmond Timea
making the silly vaunt in behalf of the
“Southern people’ that they look upon
support of a national policy because it con-
serves their interests as taking ‘'a very low
view of polities.”

“Tf the Southern people consulted merely
their own interests," saysthat paper, “they
might standin with the Republican party;
but our people believe in the great prin-
ciples of Democracy. They are not willing
to sacrifice their principles for a material
consideration,”

Do the intelligent citizens of Richmond
who believe that the cardinal principle of
Bryanism violates ‘the great principles of
Democracy " by threatening the security of
property and the welfare of the people,
really think that they would be “taking a
very low view of politics’ and would “sac-
riflce their principles for a material consid-
eration “if they Joined with Gen, Parmer of
Ilinois, Mr. Hewitt of New York, and
many thousands of other Democrats in
“standing In with the Republican party "
in opposing it?

We do not believe they are so childish, so
foolish. We do not believe that any sensi-
ble Southerner any more than any sensible
Northerner looks upon a sound economic
and financial principle as base or regards
vigilance in the preservation of his prop-
erty from ruin as yielding to a “low”
‘material consideration.”

The great principle of the Democracy
atarted at Chicago in 1806 is the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 without the
aid or consent of any other nation, and that ia
its great principle now. BRYAN'S sugges-
tion that we should surrender to AGUINALDO
our sovereign rights outrages the Southern
people no less than it does the people every-
where else. Expansion has been one of
‘the great principles of Democracy " from
the time of JrrFERSON and there is no
other part of the Union which is more
favorable to the present Philippine expan-
sion than is the South itself.

In truth, the Southern people, unless they
believe In 16 to 1, will sacriflee both their
material interests and their political prin-
ciples in voting for Bryanism.

The Hon. JoHn W. BREIDENTRMAL, Fusion
candidat: for Governor of Kansas, had a vision.
He saw ‘40,000 plain, common, honest old
Kansas farmers” streaming into Topeka to
hear Col. BRYAN make his notification speech.
They didn't stream. Exactly 1.140 per-ons ar-
rived in Topeka on the railroads that day. The
plaif, common, honest old farmers are putting
the dollar above the man

 

According to the New York Medical Journal,
man has a large margin for comfort in his
present dress, without taking up the shirt
waist. The trouble does not come so much
from the coat, as coat, as it does from the close-
ness of its fit. Its cut should be looser. Then
there is the terrible starched, close-fitting
collar, <A loose, low-cut shirt collar will not
only bring more air and coolness to the body,
but, “ by inducing men to throw their shoulders
back, to detract from the prominence of the
clavicles, it would lead to a decided improve-
ment of our average pulmonary development.”

The belt also is worn too high, “ above the
crests of the ilia, where it necessarily com-
presses the abdomen more than it would if it
were worn in the natural furrow between the
iliac crests and the femoral trochanters.”

State for meeting most of the summer] Also the trousers had better be hung from

ne

the shirt tail, and the Junction concealed by
the “short skirt of the tunie buttoned all the
way down.” Then shorten the trousers &@
few inches, “gathering them at the ankle, if
necessary, by means of strap and buckle,”

There are endless varieties of summer com
tumes in which the shirt waist, or modernized
shirt sleeves need not figure.

The Hon, Fuavivs Josrenve Vaw VOnsTS,
a mighty silver spouter among the Hoosiers,
asserts that ‘we have imperialism in this olty
of Indianapolis.” Then you have something
rare and precious; In fact, unique. Send it to
Col. Buxvan and he will bave @t photographed,
A picture of @ real ghost may make the audi-
enoe shudder, but mere talking about @ phan-
tom like imperialiam makes the incredulous
grin,

The Hon, ANNIR La Ponts Draos, the lead-
ing stateswoman of Kansas, and a bors who
led the Fustonists by the nose at their State
Convention, carried out another masterful po-
litical plan last week. She rented a@ building
and there served, or offered to serve, tea
and crackers to visitors to the Bryan notifioa-
tion show. Tea and crackers jor the Kansas
Democrats! Why, even the Populist farmers
hive grown so rich that they would turn up
their noses at anything less luxurious than
champagne, Cannot Mra, Dicas be content
with ruling the Fustoniste without rulning
them?

 

 

 

The Democratic candidate for Vice-President,
the Hon. ADLAI STEVENSON, has ascended the
stump at Sedalia, Mo. It was on the oocasion
of an {mportant party meeting, but here ts all
thatthe leading Demooratio newspaper of the
Btate, the St. Louis Repuditc, quotes of him:

“Never mind, my friends; don't be afraid of a
storm. At its worst, it can't be half as bad as the
storm that will break over us ff they (the Republicana)
beat us at the next Presidential election.”

"You can geton dry clothes much easter than you
can establish another Republic.”

From the interiorof New York there is re-
ported the growth of an organization known as
the Bosh Club, made up of Democrats who term
the anti-inperialist talk arising from their party
as“ bosh.”’

 

Pekin has been entered and our legation rescued,
ftistrue, butthis ts notthe end. This does not pay
us any Indemnity. The Indemnity might be ignored,
but assurances of the protection of our citizens’ lives
and property for the future cannot be ignored.
Neither can our commerce, assuming such vast pro-
portions, be trnored,

There seems hardly anything to do except to
create a new Government in China and treat with
that It fs a large undertaking, but then China ts
a large country, and we cannot quietly submit to
the insults and injuries that have been Infileted
op us,

These plain statements of opinion on Amer-
fea's duty In China do not come from news-
papers aiding with the Republicans. ‘The first
fs from the leading Bryan organ of Tennessee,
the Mernphis Commercial-Appeal, and the
eecond is from the leading Bryan organ of
Kentucky, the Loulsville Courier-Journal

Bryan's ant! ty perialist issue is a hollow
sham It is, as Senator Hoar says, a mask for

free silver,
—_——ee_axX—xXxXx—Xxr€r—_—=—_ oes”

How the Commercial Travellers Feet.

To THE Eptton or Thr Sun—Sir: The c'aim
of the Commerc.al Travellers’ and Hotel Men's
Anti-Trust League that they are to prove an
{mmense force inthe election of Bryan tothe
Presidency this fall, as far as the Commercial
Travellers’ end of the combination is concerned,
is the thinnest-plated gold brick ever offered to
the American public

Nearly twenty years ago, when I bagan sell-
ing goods on the road, common report said that
the travelling men were a‘'bad lot’ morally.
The facts, as T soon learned, were notin accord-
ance with this report, The truth of the matter
was that a disreputable 5 per cent., or leas,
by their recklessly vicious lives, gave this un-
fortunate tone to the whole class in the inind
of the superficial observer.

To-day an equally small proportion of travel-
ling men are atte opting to cast an even
more damogins aspersion on the inteligence,
patriotismandcomimo -ense of the entire body
by their blatant support of Bryan, the advances
agentof hard times, poor trade, impossible col-
lections and general {nsoly “ney.

The appeal to the average travelling man to
vote for Bryan is regarded by him {n about the
same light as it a competitor shouldask him to
cotpmit hari-kari, and it will ineet with about
4s favorable a response

Mr. Bryan will fail to get the votes of at least
M percent of the travelling men of this coun-
try. Th ir memory easily reaches bick to the
preceding Admini tration, when an order book
would last them three times as long as at pres-
ent and the request not to sell Smith, Jones or
Brown until he had paid up was of frequent
occurrence in their ‘etters from the house

But as the travelling man knows that he can-
not hold his trade, no matter how superior his
line, unless he keeps bustling, it would seem
to fellow just as surely that the natural
streneth of a ticket is no exense for not hustling
if you wish to make its election sure

New York, Aug. 27 W. A. E. CUMMINGS,

The View of a Sensible and Patriotic Woman.

To THE Fpiton oF THE SuN--Sir: Your
editorial, “Mr. Bryan and American Mothers,”
opens up an immense expanse to the mind of
every patriotic woman,

T am an American mother and I merely
express the opinions of a large class of
my American sisters in saying that during
Mr. Brvyan’s electioneering career of four years
ago, as well as up to the present time in this
canvass, he has failed to framea single speech
which has appealed to the women because of

its patriotism or its common sense. Were
a test vote to be taken of all the
mothers of the land Mr. Bryan would
be surprised to find that his pronularity

with the fair sex, the disfranchised of America,
would be confined to comparatively few, inthe
specifically silver States more particularly

Tama close reader of political views as seen
through the eyes of almost every variety of ob-
server, fromt! eJournal to Tk Sux, also of
the methods of the present Administration, and
I have formed two conclusions, They say that
women. jump at conclusions, and perhaps I
reached my destination in that way

Tam proud to be an American woman, proud
of the pesition President McKinley has made
for our natiqn amone the Powers o! the world
by the dignified, firm and just position main-
tained throughout the last four months. Mr,
McKinley's Administration has been one of
great occasions, to which he has never as vet
failed torise. Hel ‘he President we want, and
we willtake no othe.

That is one concluston. Theother ts that
Mr Bryan is eithera foolor a knave. Judged
by his own utterances there ia no (ntermediata
title forhim, Thatis a kind of President we
do not want. A. B.C,

 

Frolation or Revolatten,

To tar Eprtor or THe Sun—Sir: The
truth of the aphorism that history repeats itself
is illustrated by the analogy of the Democratic
shriek of “Impertalism’ in 1864 and 1900, In
the personalityof Mr. Brvan, too, thereare
characteristics strangely suggestive of Dr.
Maratand Advocate Robesplerre; there is also
somewhat of the oratorical power of Danton.
But Danton was possessed of solid intellectual
gifts and had a clear perception of funda-
mental principles.

Mr. Towne and his kind are reminders of the
Girondists, who were brilllant enthusiasts

fatally lenorant of the primal traits that are
perp*tually present in the depths of human
nature, Let us hope there will be no ‘“Moun-
tain

Mr. Bryan is so veoluble that ft is said he talks
in his -loem: Marat’s volubility was so persistent
that he penned his sereeda even in his tub,

Afriend of Mr Brian has spoken of his
“panther-like” agility ins izing upon plausible
issnes It was the same feline quality that sus-
tained Robespierre, Mr. Bryan deems it the
greatest of all crimes to place the dollar above
the man, The paramount offence in Rohes
jerre's calendar was U'neiviaine. How faith-
ully he performed his matitutinal task of
listing the names of those to be sent to the
Tribunal charged with the capital offence of
Uncivisine-—-an offence, by the war, not unlike
Mr. Stevenson's “offen-ive »iftisanship,”
which served him so well when Adlai
the Axerman,

The paramount issue of the presert campaign
is neither silver norexpansion, Itis Fro/ution
or Revolution, Historicrs,

1e Was

 

Harper's Magazine for September is a crowded
number, Hesides its serials by Mrs Humphry
Ward, Israel Zangwill and F. R. Stockton, it has
contributions from Vdward Insley. Prof. Henry Van
Dyke, Paul Leicester Ford, Father Tabb, W. W.
Jacobs, Joel Kenton, Miss Wilkins, Julian Ralph,
Virginia Frarer Boyle, and others. These writers
offer an extended choice of subjecta The illusta-
ons of the number are excellent, as alwaya

   
 

  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

News concerning the state of affairs at Pekin
continues confused and unsatisfactory. There
{fe probably no basis for the sensational report
of a disaster to the allies there, though there
may have been a renewai of atreet fighting
within the walls, The French Minister in a
despatch to his Government describes the
greater portion of the city as a mass of ruins
which would explain the earlier reports that
many of the inhabitants were leaving after
setting fire to the buildings and destroying
property. The despatch, however, only
comes down to the 19th, but it confirms the
stories of the flight of the Emperor and Empress
Dowager with Prince Tuan and some members
of the Government after having had five or six
members of the Taung-li-Yamen decapitated
for alleged pro-foreign tendencies. It appears
pretty certain that the Court has passed through
Tal-yuen, the capita) of Shansi, on their way
to Bi-an in Shensi. Its establishment at euch
a distancd from Pekin will cause some
trouble to the allies if they Intend to treat
with the Emperor and Empress Dowager
as de facto rulers of China, It ia not surpris-
ing, thorefore, that the various Governments
are hesitating as to a plan of future action
until replies have been received to thelr mes-
sages to Pekin requesting information from
their Mintsters and commanders of contin-
genta, These replies, of course, would not nec-
essarily be made publlo, as they would form
the basis for an exchange of views among the
Powers as to their future course, That there is
communication with Pekin from Taku is made
evident by the report of the French Admiral at
Taku to his Government, notifying it of a de-
Cision of the allied Admirals to detatn IA Hung
Chang in his ship in the roadstead there until
they recelve further inatructions, and of their
having advised the Ministers in Pekin of their
action. It was reported a few days ago that
1A Hung Chang had left Shanghai for the north.
Aa he selected the sea route in preference to
travelling by land. or the Grand Canal, the old
diplomatiat must have been actuated by personal
as well as public considerations when he de-
cided to venture himself among the allied
squadrons

The unsatisfactory way in which the offictal
telegrama that are sent over the Chinese wire
between Chefoo and Shanghal are transmitted
make it indiapensable that the cable between
those two places should be laid as soon as pos-
sible. As things are it seerns that we shall have
some days to wait for decided information
as to the future line of action of the Powers,
unless the Chinese round Pekin precipitate
matters by attacking the allies The Japanese
official reasons for landing troops at) Amoy
confirm the view that they regard it within
their sphere and neoessary to the tranquillity
of the fsland of Formosa.

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

The operations going on under Lord Roberts's
direction brought the British advance on Mon-
day to Bergendal, northeast of Dalmanutha
on the Delagoa Bay Railway toward Macha-

dodorp. Always with the view of getting
round the Boer right flank and cutting them
off from the direct road to Lydenburg, Gen
French's cavalry pushed = on up that
road to positions to which an in-
fantry division was to move up

yesterday. The Boers are falling back, offering
determined resistance, but in Monday's fight-
ing lost one of their machine guns, Their
main position ia, or was, at Machadodorp,
but they may have altered their dispositions
since the foree under Gen. Buller has been
brought up, and be intrenched further back
among the mountains to the eastward, The
road to Lydenburg from Dalmanutha should
be easily held against a cSnsiderable force,
leaving the bulk of Gen Rotha'sarmy to oppose
the direct advance along the railway line

The guerrilla operations south of the Vaal
still keep the British active, and Gen, De Wet's
return to the neighborhood of Heilbron will
probably be followed by a revival of attacks
on the British communications, Gen. Baden-
Powell has made a reconnoitring excursion up
the Pietersburg railway from Pretoria as far
as Nylstroom. He met with no opposition,
and returned to Pretoria.

The American People Expanstontists,

To Tur horror ov Tuk Sun--Siry I came
across the following extract froma Washington
news; aper published in i867 at the time that
the Alaska Purchase bill was before Congress:
“So fixed is the feeingin behalf of territorial
expansion in the national heart that itis not to
be questioned or disputed, and any party or
setof men putting themselves in opposition to
this urresistible current of opinion must go
under

Ibe ieve that the American people will cer-
tainly repudiate any attempt to alienate tei ri-
tory they have once acquired, and that they
have already settied the fate of Billy Bryan
since they have heard his Indianapolis views as
to the disposition of the Philippines. That half-
baked idea, nore thanany other he has hitherto
advanced, shows what anutterly unsafe man
he would be to intrust with any one of the vast
interests of our beloved country, GOTHAM,

New York, Aug. 26

 

Bryan Revealed.

To THE Eprror oF THRE SUN-Sir: A man
who aspires to be a Presidentof the United States
should be candid, truthful and honorable In all his
statements whether dealing with friends or polltieal
opponents. Is William J, Bryan such aman? Let us
try him.

In aspeech the other day he to'd his hearers that
our flag had been hauled down in Alaska. That ts
nottrue, and he knew {ft was not when he made the
statement

In the same sprech he sald that Republicans were
not entitled to credit because there isa big corn crop
in Nebraska and a famine in Furope. There is no
famine in Europe and there has been none.

Again, he telis his listeners that prosperity ts on
the wane and mercantile failures on the increase: but
does not tell them this, !f true. istoa greatextent
due to hiscandidacy And mercantile fatlures are
not on the Increase, ace rding to the ofictal figures of
trade.

It seems tmporsible for him, in speaking of political
opponents, to state their position falriyor truly. Does
he think his assertions will be taken by the plain
people, upon whose good Judgment Mr. Lincoln so
much relied, without question orinvestigation? Does
he deceive himself by Imagining he can fool all of
them all the time?) Mr. Bryan may be the Democracy
is Itnow exists, but he is not an old-fashioned Demo.
erat. Jefferson, Jackson, Calboun, Marcy and Silas
Wright were men of probity in word and deed—were
al! that Bryan is not- Popullst, free sliverite and law-
defying Anarchist

‘To enatch a vote he'll all things copy,
He sometimes pig and sometimes puppy.”

Mendacity is not a good qualification for the Prest-
dency. Vv.
New YORK, Aug. 27.

A Consultation,

“And what in a few words would be your plan of
campaign, Mr.Gorman,"’ asked Gum Shoe Bill of
the Maryland Mole. Mr, Gorman stroked his face,
which is not half so smooth as he, and answered: “|
have thoughttt all outand you may show |t to Mr
Bryan, if you choose, In the South, except tn
Maryland and West Virginia-—"

“Yes, the South ts all right, thanks to a judicious
application of the consentof the governed theory,”
Grinned Mr. Stone, who ts likewise even smoother
inside than out

“In Maryland and West \irginia nota word about
silver. Just Empire and the Trusts) Same for New
York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Indiana, Mlinots,
Michigan, Wisconsin. Onthe Pacific coast not a word
about imperialism. In other States, west of the
Mississippi, the money question as much as you
like."

**Paramountcy Is relative, hey?"

**T should rather describe it as geographical,"* con-
tinued Mr. Gorman. ‘The Boers and the British
alliance may be used anywhere, but sparingly on the
whole, I should say. No overdoing it"

“Twish there were some way of making the wild
Western stiver man shut up during the campaign,"’
remarked the gentieman of whom the Hon. Bilt
Phelps says that “Hill Stone sucks the eggs but
hides the shells "*

“If you go to that, I wish our honest but impulsive
young leader would have throat trouble until elec
tion day."*

“Do you think that he will be elected, Mr. Gor-
man’

“Well, Jam notin the habit of committing myself
#0 faras that, but iam willing to say that | believe
somebody will be elected Good-by.”*

‘

  
   

THE POPULIST EFFACEMENT.

 

The Absorption of Democracy by Populism
Complete After Ten Years,

Waswinaton, Aug. 28 — The substitution
of Stevenson for Towne for Vice-President on
the Populist Presidential tleket, consummated
in Chieago on Tuesday, completes the efface-
ment of the Populist party as such and marks
ita final absorption of the Democracy after leas
than ten years of separate existence The
Populist party, outgrowth of the Farmers’ Al-
Hance, originally a local union of Texaa farmers
to defend its members against the depredations
of cattle thieves, was established as a political
organization in December, 1800, lesa than ten
years ago, at Ocala, Florida, by delegates from
the several ‘‘grangera'’ unions, leagues and
alliances. The original declaration of purposes
was made on Dec. 5 at Ocala, with tnuch solem-
nity. The original conditions of nembershipin
the Populist party were thus prescribed at that
time

No person shall be admitted as a meriber, except
a white person over 16 years of age, whois a believer
in the extstence of a Supreme Being and bas resided
in the State more than six months and ts, either,
first, a furmerorafarm laborer; second, & mechanie,
a country preacher, a school teacher or a country
doctor; third, an editor of a strictly agricultural paper
Each State and Territory shall bave the right to pre
seribe the eligibiitty of applicants, provided that none
but white men shail be elected as delegates tothe
Supreme Counetl

The demands of the farmers and farmer repre-
sentatives in the Ocala Convention were as fol-
lows: First, the abolition of national banks;
seoond, the establishment of sub-treasuries in
the several States to loan money to the people
at a low rate of interest (not toexceed 2 per
cent.), farm products to be accepted as ool-
lateral; third, the circulating medium not to
be leas than $50 per capita; fourth, no trading
in ‘futures’ anil penalties for such trading;
fifth, free anu unlimited coinage of silver;
alxth, no alien ownership of land; seventh,
general tariff? reduction; eighth, an income
tax; ninth, Governme rt ownership of means of
col;munieation and transportation, and, tenth,
the po; ular election of United States Senators

At that period the Populist party was a verita-
ble organization of farmers. It included few
politicians, few labor agitators and few law-
vers. Ita leadera were impressed with the im-
portance of the new party, and thefr first na-
tlonal convention held at Omaha on July 4,
1892, prefaced its platform with this second
declaration with the following

Assembled upon the 11th anniversary of the
Declaration of Independence, the People’s party of
America in thetr first National Convention, Invoking
upon thelr action the blessing of Almighty God, puts
forth, In the name and on behalf of the people of this
country, the following preamble and declaration of
principles.

This convention was participated fn by 1,260
deleg ites. It nominated Gen, Weaver of Iowa
forthe Presidency and Gen. Field of Virginia
for Vice-President. He ran against Adlai Stey-
enson, recently indorsed for the same office
The Weaver ticket received 1,055,000 votes and
obtained twenty-two Electors, tenfrom Kan-
ans, four from Colorado, three from Idaho, three
from Nevwada and one each from Oregon and
North Dakota

Between 1892 and 1896 the impregnation of the
Democratic party with populism steadily con-
tinued. One after another of the Populist de-
mands, most notably free ejiver coinage, the in-
come tax and the election of Senators by popu-
lar vote, were taken up by the Demoerats and
at the Democratic National Convention of 1896
a veritable Populist platform was adopted and
a Populist nominated uponit, a course ratified
by the subsequent Populist National Conven-
tion on July 22 in St. Louis. ‘This year the Pop-
nitsts did not wait for the action of the Demo-
crats, but nominated Bryan as Populist candi-
date for President on May 9 atSioux Falls and
the formal acceptance of Stevenson as Vice-
Presidential candi‘ate in place of Towne flnally
effaces the Populist party from consideration,
The absorption of the Democracy by the Popu-
lists is corplete.

CHANGES TO M'RKINLEY.

Significant Views of a German Newspaper and
a Democratic Lawyer.

From the Chicago Tribune.

Rockronyp, Mh, Aug. 25.—The Rockford Ger-
manta, whose proprietor ts Prof. Ferd Stedinger of
the faculty of the Rockford High School, and which
is the German orfan of Winnebago, Ogle and Boone
counties, today announced Its allegiance to MeKin
ley and the entire Republican ticket, basing its change
upon the financial question prinetpally and also upon
the radical fdeas of the Bryan Democracy. Although
notin favor of the monetary plank of the Democratic
platform of 1896, the Germanta supported Bryan on
the score of party regularity.

From the Globe Democrat.

HILLspnoro, HL, Aug. 25.—Hon. Wiillam G. Web-
Bler, a prominent attorney of Nokomis, Montgomery
county, anda life-long Democrat, is supporting the
Republican ticket during the presentcampaign. Mr.

Webster isan elocuent and convincing public speaker |
of wide acquaintance and influence, who has often |

Greatly alded the Democracy upon the stump. In
response to a requestfor a public statement of his
reasons Mr. Webster writes

“The reason for my support of MeKinley Instead of
Bryan fs found in the splendid Industrial and finan-
cial condition of the country forthe past three years,
as against the widespread business stagnation, en-
forced tdleness and almost continuous pante of the
four preceding years, This result has been chiefly
brought about, In my Judgment, by three causes
(1) By the enactment of revenue laws which have
Riven to American industries and labor the advan

tages In our markets which the preceding laws had |

bestowed upon foreign industries and labor. (2) The
assurance of a sound and stable currency, constantly
Increasing in volume, in which every dollar is of equal
exchangeable value with every other dollar. (3) The
extension of our territory, the establishment of new
enterprises and the consequent expinston of our
markets toabsorb the ever-increasing products of our
mines, factories and farms. It ts a good tree that
brings forth good frult, and I want to keep the good
tree bearing the good fruft, not only for the next four
years, but for all time to come.

“TL belleve that {t would be a national blunder to
abandon the larger part of our territory recently ac
quired from Spain upon the terms proposed by Mr.
Bryan. The extension of the Monroe Doctrine to Asta
Africa or any other part of the earth whieh might
come under the foens of an otator's Imagination
would bea dangerous departure from our uniform
national policy, MeKinley bas been a safe, able and
patriotic President, always seeking the advice and
best Judgment of the country on all publle questions,
and has sucereded tn promoting the welfare of the
country beyond the most sanguine expectations.
There is no danger that he will be surrounded by ab-
Norma! and visionary men, recklessly indifferent in
their zeal to try experiments,

“The United States ts now in the forefront of the
nations, leading the way in progress and civilization,
We should go forward to higher and better achieve-
ments, not backward to repeat blunders and misfor-
tunes. Henee you can count on me to do all that!
can to continue the present Administration,”

SS

 

The Killing of Lieut. Cordna,

TO THE EDITOR OF THRE SUN—Si#r: Referring
to the comments of your dondon correspondent tn
Sunday's SUN concerning the killing of the Boer
Iientenant Corda Inotice that he alludes to the
using of “agents provocateurs,” or fn stigating
Sples, as being something new for England and as
being a system of Frenen origin.

Is not that a mistake? The history of the man
Talbot, head constable of Dublin during Fenian times,
and of many others of his Stamp, must have escaped
your correspondent's memory. The foul creature.
Talbot, formed many Fenian circles, enticed many
youths to join who would perhaps never have done
so but for him, and he even went so far as to sacrelig-
fously ge to confession to a Catholic priest and com-
mit the hentous outrage of approaching the Blessed
Sacrament in the fulfilment of his nefarious,work,

The system isasold as the history of Fngland tn
Ireland. English statesmen follow thetr OWN prece.
dents; they are sticklers for what their predecessors
did under like circumstances They can give the
French points on working up“ outrages." Chamber-
lain ts only working on the old lines, determined to
Provoke the Boers to retaliation, and then he wil)
confiscate thelr property, and then “ plant’’ the Trans.
vaal,A la Ulster. Ifan agreement is reached, with
the com plaisant assistance of our Administration, and
8 deal is made to permit Ruasia, Germany and France
to divide China, this " planting "* may succeed i other.
Wise \t looks doubtful Hugu J. CARROL

 

 

 

 

FROM A YOUNG MAN WHO WORKS ron
A TRUST.

Richard Croker’s Advice and Sympathy Noy
Destred by Him and His Fellows,
Torne Epiton or THRSUN Sire The recent
remarke of Mr. Richard Croker on the subiey
of young men, trusts and amall tndepende:s
business would affect with something of q
shock the young men referred to, were {t not
for two important facta; firat, that Mr. Croker,

remarks were for campalan purposes
second, the utter inconsistency between (4
gentleman's words and his recent set!
The image of Mr. Croker's safe filled with | 9
Trust stock and the spectacle of the anme ¢
tleman shedding tears over their woes »
stand in deadly parallel before the minds «f
young men.

Are the tears for the sons of the men for 4
out of the ice business? Need he inquire «) .\
haa become of the many Iittle fee concer: .?
He has requested us young men to form “T)t
Ing Clubs.” We are not forming clubs, but wo
are thinking

We are thinking that we have good places
with these self-same trusts which he affe: ss
to abhor

We are thinking that with proper effort {

 

  

energy on our part there are better 4
ahead for ua. We realize that most of
corporations are new, searcely organized

fact, and that the directors are passing sleey
nighta wondering where they are to get «
petent men for responsible posts. We hav
seen young men advanced faster almost thy:
they themselves felt they were fitted

We also believe we are personally acqualnte
with some of those young men who are writlhy
letters to Mr. Croker, They formerly worked
or rather loafed at our side in the office or the
factory. They wouldn't work overtitne, not
they. They cried out that they were under-
paid as \t was: their magnificent serviir
were not appreciated. There was a frightt)!
mortality among their relatives, whieh
them going to funerals, especially on the di
following prize flalite. To-day they are writir,
letters to Mr. Croker It was doubt)

one of these correspondents who was recer!
escorted to the desk of the writer by two poll
men with a message from the police captars
to “please give him a job.” Small wend:
the captain sent two policemen, One would
acarcely have been able to drag that individ
into a place where work was actually gotng
He got the job, but it's 16 to L he doesn’t |
out the week
No, Mr. Croker; please do not put us voung

men who are willing to work into such compo
We know plenty of men to-day work ine for cor
porations who have always worked for cor
vorations, who began at the bottom of the
adder and are to-day atthe top. They saved
their money; when the chance came to make
an investment, they had money to invest

Kept

st

| If they had not been in the employ of a corpor

tion, the opportunity of Investing might never
have been theira

There is a very rich man Iiving to-day in a
Western city who has always worked for a
railroad. tHe started as offlee boy. He is
to-day drawing a aalury of $4,000 a vear—sure!
hot a very large one He did not steal his
millions and he could searcely have saved
them onsuch anincome, One day @ man cans

| along with a most important invention for the

safety of trains. Thie young railroad man
had saved some money which he invested in
developing this invention. To-day he fs rich,
honored and respected and still working for

| $5,000 a year

A school friend of the writer went to work
for $12 a week in the employ of alarge steel-
making corporation. tis firat job was tn-
loading pigs of iron from. freight cars. It
takes two men to handle a pig. About a week
alter he began, a friend aaked him how he was
progressing. “Well,” he replied, “I have
Learned to make the other man carry his halt
of the pig.” In two years he was yard fore-
man with 1,200 men under him. To-day he is
in charge of a setof blast furnaces and on
his way to riches and prosperity.

A young man came Into this office some
months ago looking for work. He had been in
business for himself tin a line in which there
is no trust), but he had to give It uP, fle said
he was not afraid of work; tn fact, I believe he
suld he could “eat work.” It seemed more
probable that he would eat his wosds, but hy
did not, His hours were from 8:30 A. M. to 2:30
P. M., but he generally stayed at work till about
4 o'clock; no overtime, either, Week before
last one of the directors came over from the
West and wanted a smart young man, | fle
liked the fellow who could “eat work.” The
first of January that young mansteps intoa
very fair position, paying about $80 a week,
He says he has had no time to write letters
to Mr. Croker and wants no sympathy.

Maiuy of us are familiar with the other side
of Mr. Croker’s touching picture of the little
store in which all the famfly had a part. The
father and one of the boys got @@t of bed at
midnight to get vegetables from the market
for the day's sales; the other boy started out
at 6 A. M., to get orders, while the mother,
with the baby in her arms, waited at the counter
and kept house. Finally about 10 ofelock at
night, refreshed with the day's toll, they went
to bed. Truly a touching seene, but not in
the wav Mr. Croker meant. Thank God, such
slavery it rapidly becoming a thing of the past

No, we prefer working for the trusta, in clen:
Heht, sanitary factories, with the sure rewar:
of faithfulness ahead of us. Reserve your
sympathy for those who need it, Mr. Croker for
the idle, for the annie, for the ne’er do we
The energetic, active American young men «it!
red blood in their veins reject it with scor:

We thank rou for the suggestion to thin!
We have thoucht and next November we «
vote. We shall vote to sustain the fabri:
American industry and prosperity and not p
it down upon our own heads and the heads
of our wives and bables In ruin and chaos

A Youna_ Man Wro Wonks ror a Tresr

AND 18 GLAD OF IT,

New York, Aug. 27.

 

NEW FOOD CERRFAL.

Cottonseed's Advantages Over Wheat.
From the Forum.

Time was when the cottonseed was the least of all
serds in the public estimation, butit bids fair to he
come, in the future, by Its merit, the rreatest of a
Let us compare this so-called by-product with one of
the cereals

WHRAT AND COTTONSPFED COMPARPD

Protein, Carbohydrates Fat Value
Wheat sees d B87 73.69 200 §
Cottonseed 17.57 10,82 20.19 '
‘The above table gives the number of pounds of foot
components and the analytical value of 100 pou

each of wheat and cottonseed, according to
methods in use by the Agricultural Experiment
tions. Itshows the surprising fact that pou
pound, cottonseed has a greater intrinsic valu
wheat Neither {s the bulk of the cottonseed crop!
any means insignificant as compared with wheat
There are raised in the Southern States alone
sevenths as many busliels of cottonseed as there are
raised bushels of wheat tin the whole of the United
States.

Although the cottonseed has been almost obser
by the far more showy cotton crop, {t has neverth:
been proved by recent investigations to have
trinsic value half that of the cotton crop, «he
and properly put to such uses ag are already
for{t. Therets a known latent waluein wor
seed crop of $200,000,000, equal to four eents
pound on the entire cotton crop, which is still anuu
ally lost.

Better Stick to Honest Money Theo.
From the Evening Post
Independent voters recognize that a rote for Hrran
dy an anti-impertalist will be treated also as the
dorsement of free coinage and other principles @h
they abhor. They already perceive that there te n>
heart tn the campaign for antl-imperia! t
Democrats, when that party, in the only
where |t is strong the extreme West and the
{s practically committed to the expansion (
leading Democratic politicians and new pers af
repudiating the “‘consent-of-the-moverned” jak

two

Twentieth Centary Birds’ Nests.
From the London Glove.

Country Life has Just published an satreme fr
esting photograph of a turtledove’s nest
exception of two bramble twigs and afew wire’
larch, this nest was entirely composed ir
wire and old rusty wire netting
half a pound, and was more than tw rire
wirework alone. The curious part of toes t
when the nest was removed, the t
diately set to work and constructed 4
cisely the same fashion.

tr

The nest wes

Hoston's Census Year Boast.

Prom the Botton J ur
* Roston, as Mayor Hart has pointed
Cty which has existed for two cent ies a
“without a boom or a setbock Its ner rave
increase is now about 2 per cent a yrar

{< the

 

Reynard's Togiorious Game Hage
From
In Telemarken Jast sume

day with the mortal remains ‘
which he had siain the pres

he } te
er

Mountainside — near) Ie
chanced upon the ‘earth’ during
Owner, and had patientiy w

Fventually that excesent fami t
Appearance, bringing with ler er
callaie, one full grown eray ben
canal ay the mouse were pas b
Wings of the gray Len, the Ups uo! ¥
her mouth Aj

«

, eer
ion she Reld i