“~

ee ee ee 4

gp cme Mem ei

ormeay to :

    

bent
ect
iont

not
rs
nly;
the
ons.
lee
‘ene
will
of

hat
na?
nk-

we

 

 

an
in-
hich
no
the
ns

and

the

only
ball

 

Reso

 

 

 

    

SOME THEATRICAL PLANS,

poWwAnD uv, SOTHERN
wAVSrreLD ney

AND RICHARD
NBW PLAYS.

Tyree, Hilda Spons and Clasto
eo teadiog Parte at Daly's
Europe

Plizibeth
Poftas to Shar
Ieineich onried Retaros Prom

    
  

 

 

 

 

   

Managers Are sul Mogagiog Actors.
j Tyree le playing the leading part
stagauvres of Jane” in Chicago and,
tr ‘ “
. oé \ tina itexcellently tler
ogy te riatrar to eritical theatre
‘ \

{ ve to see a name in big
ie ‘ woer is @ thoughtful
lowers to kG W

fart Miss Tyrees promotion
ene wratifying, because
: ' ‘ to the front solely through merit
~s, ' ind without the ald of clap
eer at enson, in Mer. Frot
: at Daly '*she will shag
Saad its with Hilda Spong and
: Mr Froluman has taken @ long
‘ t ‘ jeal of astock Company
a ita of leading man and
; the principal male roles
wile
Mason, kdward J. Mor-
a (ou » and Ferdinand Gott-
iy ‘ i more suitable. The re-
’ A
7 iracters were well imper-
. twa
' ‘lly and temperamoentally
Pe . arise an in respect to women
fitted |
ell t 1 ear, With three actresses
will he of
’ Ter ersonalities and appearance
of st
M ng and Miss Loftus
Miss 1 \ pong a :
a
todraw
Richa { has accepted a drama-
Beaucaire and will
TaAliol Herald Square in
produc
? ge version of Booth Tarking
Ja ;
wn's de by Evelyn Green-
it { r Host ournalist
eu
It has mind hunges in the
t ‘ ile aracters in order
es briua he inevitable happy ending
4 s shoving two plays writ-
1
tan for ‘ tinliuntley McCarthy. One
has |} : 0 uo the breneh poet or ita
e "an fy for production in Novein-
hee Th « alled “Tt Might Have Beer
re ind unable to attend
aieare {‘H et but is eonfident that
she ® igh to Ophelia on
sept \ “ , {
. nee « i om
ae ane d f Swiss Alps to New
York
Helr h ¢ returned vesterday from
Gert al ‘ git plays and engaged
actore eason af the Irving Place.
} ' t theatre on Sept
a i i ‘ I
S wl s \ rwehtnias. " Ha
hero git t w His stock
‘ will have sis “ vers, and many
{ I favorite Via Merito, Anna Fran-
kel, Ani . ri Max Hanseler, Julina
‘Ascher ! » Kiersehner are fanilllar
name ae roster Maris
eenhut, Hedwig Lange, i unerich, Ki
int and Wat Frank are forer st of the |
efrangers M r + 1 st interesting
anneyicement W the had eng ged Helene
Odilon, the fa « Garman actress. She will
act wit s pans April for two weeks
nt
Anna Held and her manager, Florenz Ziegfeld,
dr., returned mak pean Vacation % ere
? fis. H ‘ ' actin “Papa's
dar. \
Wife ' | embe hen «he will produce
The Education of the Prince.” The only
! . it Mr Ziewfeld had to
hat he had made arrange>
me Hield to play & sulnmer en-
7 fonatthe Prinee of Wales
h ng Faster Monday, She
will app I » Wife,” and be surrounded
by an At r
Paul M. Potte er theatrical pas-
senger on the Kaiser Wine ier (;rosse yester-
dav. He will prepare a report on American
theatres to present @ , ss of Theat ricals
and Art to be held twerp next year,
flenrietta Crossman a need Yesterday
at she w produce Mistress Nell it the
Bion Oct, 8, She wil tirst Neli Gwynne
among ua since the London craze over the
part as acted by Marie lerpest and promised
by Julia Neils nd many others he play

is by George U
“nof when tried in

  

that Migs Crossman wi

Hazelton, and was wel

the Waeat last spring
Stuart Robson will alternate “Oliver Gold-

 

  

emith” and “Shwe Stoops nquer” on his
Weetern tour. Lhe Golde omedy would
be interesting regarded as a sequel to Mr.
Thomas's pla te the production of that
famous piece, aid it its r Some of
the well-kr Mr. Robson's come
pany are Miud f Treys Lewis, H. A,
Weaver, Sr haw, Beaumont
South and St

‘Hurtig and Seamons Muste Hall will begin
ita aeasog next Saturday, and an expensive
vaude » bill has been arranged for the start,

     

The draunatic numer willemploy Rose Coghlan
as chief player, and Jamea Thornton, Bonnie
Thornt Wilds and Loretto, Henri Freneh

and the Hawaiians are some of the first-class
specialiats listed

Mrs, Janes Brown Potter and Kyrle Bellew
are buying the Australian rights of many J.on-
don sticcesses for their coming tour, “Lady
Huntworth's Expertinent” is their latest pur-
chase

Mr. and Mrs. Russ Whytal are going to make
a professional tour of the West Indies this
seas Their repertoire is indeed varied. It
The Merehant of Venice,” “For Fair
Virginia, As You Like It,” “Trilby,” “Out
Yonder,” "Captain Swift" and “Blackballed.”

Joseph Whitin, Joseph Wilkes, Mra, Frederick

 
  

 

de Reileville, Suzanne Santie and Georgine
Brandon are the latest engagements for the
Mansfield revival of "King tlenry V." Norman
Hackett will be Lysander in “A Midsummer
Night's Dream,” with Louis dames and Kathryn
Ridder

May Irwin will soon commence rehearsals of
the new MeDonough farce, and has engaged
f leading roles Jacques ruger and Robert
E. Graharr Mrs. W Jones is the latest
engagement for John Drew's company. °

A WOMAN STOPPED HIM.

She Would Hove No Stereopticon Agent Going
Throagh Her Rooms.

deraey Cite
cussing the f

Derr sterday were dis-

attempt to open the

wrats ye

ulure of an

impalgn on Monday night with a display of
tereopticnn pietures illustrating imperialism
abu trusts. The show was billed to take place
a! Newark and Jersey avenues and a crowd
Wi Drewent. H. B. Weaver, who was to exe

tures, announce od at & o'clock that

 

\ sould be postponed, but gave no
Peason | t and a shout of derision went up
rom the crowd
it Was not until vesterday that the reason
OF the postponement was made public Then
Was learned that when Mr. Weaver under-
k to go to the roof of the house on which the
“Ton was to be placed the tenants refuse
. admit hirr tie was met at the door by a
beeen bamed Mrs Sarah Joyer, he told
: Gt While cht have secured the con-
z tof the owner of the house, as he said, he
fould not got the roof until he had securec

fenants

and she for one

ould ‘
Would not Wlow him to make ashow of the house.

GLOVE FIGHT IN A CLUBHOUSE.

lark by Members of the Cockade City Clab of
Petersburg, Va., Causing Dissension,
PRTERSRI RG

Va, Aug 28 There is dis-
temion in the Cockade City ¢ lub, the chief
Oreaniza ti in of Petersburg Not long ago H
Wort Holloway, Wallace de fferson, Dr. Talley

 

 

- Dan Riley, well known young soctety nen
; Petershurg, went out for a lark, and when
A ined t the club the doors were closed
ant’! roke | ito the club by force, and Holloway
tnd Jeffers nostrinped and had « six-royund

in which Holloway gota black eye. The

 

 

 
  

 

ner of se rs became indignant ang
as \ ignation of those concern
and {t v ; This action made trouble
yO Pok | that if the board insisted on

would probably be disbanded
ded that not only those prizee

ae ix should resign, but all who
4 a i ther should Macaw ithdraw
doors to aan wi ard is meeting behind closed
1) matters What can be done toward settling

Foreclosure Dec

 

ree Against
Cyole Company,

 

the Worcester

Hartronp

“a Aug 28—-A decree was fled
fekes + ie United States Cireult Court by
. Ownseand in t) sult broug

ita ee e sult brought by the

the Worcester Cyc la ene ee ow, York against
The piainti® brates ompany of Mddietown
on the dat sult to foreclose a mort-+
Yudge Tow... sperty for $90,491.40
e clan a just one

Od orderad ty
tewiatry of yy ts to pay into the

   
  
     

 

  

heamount yo. or before Sept. 20

Meta: ar z wv mnorgasge, with the

Mt and the a the costs of the

With interes: ave $ 2) and $5.420.78

Iherded be +t ‘at being the amounts
' eco ver of the o

ele company.
‘ Naval Advisory Board tu Session,
EWPORT, R

+. Avg. ws. There was a meet-

Se here day ¢ } .
‘ “YN of the Naval Advisory Board
sin connection with the navy,
is wi t be made public
t pedo beat Porter wernt
bier hrought ower Admiral
Jer {f the board
" se Alonwside the trainin
* Wns fired Lhe Admiral
the Naval War College,

 

#@ wae held

| were there to see the pack off
; cottagem in carriages,
| best they ur
| the chase were Mrs

| It
| dent, the chase ending at the foot of

| the capture

| carriages were Mr

| Mrs

| Mrs

PUZZLE IN IMMIGHATION LAWS.

 

Can a Man Once Admitted Be Barred Ont on
& Second Arrival Here?

NeW ORLAANS, La., Aug. 28.—A curious case
came before the Board of Inquiry of the Im-
migration Bureau to-day inregardto Alexander
Dean, & negro who arrived here on Saturday
on the British steamship Montealm, a mule

|
ship from Cape Town, South Africa. Dean was
one of the muteteers who sailed from New
| Orleans to South Africa, going on the steam-
Ship Monarch, Under the terms of the con-
tract the Briti«h officers who ship muleteers |
| from this port agree to bring thern back here |
j free of charge, if they want to come Dean |
)} did not like the work in South Africa and de-
manded that this clause in the contract be
carried out. He was brought back here, but
| Wasa stopped by the immigration inspectors
onthe ground that he came to this country in
Vivlation of the imuntaration laws
Dean ts a Jamaican nero, who came
Mobile aix months ago, and from there went
to New Orleans to get a place as a muleteer,
The question in the case is whether animimisrant
| Who has onee been admitted to this country
j Who leaves here shortly afteron a round yvoynge
| andreturns ina destitute condition,can be barred
out by the provisions in the trmieration. laws
#8 a person likely to become a public charge
Dean is a coal-black negro, of low intelligence
and iliterate, [fe is without money and with-
out a trade and under the immigration laws |
would be kept out; but the fact that he had
been an immigrant before, had been passed
| then, and had established himaell in this coun-
try brought up the question whether his aubse=
quent departure and a change in his condition
could bar him out when he returned a
second time. On this the Linmlgration Beard
of Inquiry split equally, two of the members
voted to deport Dean because he had no money
and was not a native of this country, while
the other two voted to admit him because in
sending him back to New Orleans the British
transportation officer in Cape Colony did his
duty, and in bringing him back here to New
Orleans the captain of the Montcalm acted in
good faith

Under the rules, when two members of the
Board of Special Inquiry vete not to admit,
the vote is final, and Dean will be sent back to
Cape Town on board the steamship Montcalm
which brought him here. The decision will
leave him practically without a country, as
he caynot land here and cannot get back to
his old home in Jamaica

 

 

 

to |

 

FOX HUNT AT NEWPORT,
The Spert Resamed by Seciety Folk After an
In‘erval of Several Years.

Newport, R.1T, Aug. 28.--For the first ttre
in many yeara the sport of fox hunting was
resumed to-day by the society people, and
it was the most miceessful hunt that has ever
been seen here. The Monmouth county hounds,
with P, F. Collier as master, were used. The
run was about ten miles over the farms on
the island The meet was at the Mile Corner,
and at the appointed time uot only were those
to participate on hand but hundreds of people
There were
and they followed as
road. Those who enjoyed
Adolf Ladeuburg, Miss
Miss Langhorn, Miss Seott,
fh. Shaw, R. L. Agas-ise and Robert L, Gerry
was a fine chase over fences, stone walls
was made without acci-
Honey-
back of the beach. All were in at
and Mrs. Ladenburg was the first
and oo the brush. The whippers-
E, Coffyn and J. Connors
of those who enjoyed the chase from
Alfred Vanderbilt and Miss
Mrs. J. Albert Stevens, Mrs
(. Post, Mrs. Delancey Astor Kane, Mr. and
Gliver Belmont. Mrs. Willlam K. Vander-
bilt, dr, Mr. W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, who brought
his big French automobile into play and its
speed stood him in well: Je s Bret Btokes,
Burke Roche, Mra. Douglas Grant, the
Misses Mills, Ogden Mills, Jr, Miss Harriet
Gammell and Mr. Thormas Shaw Safe

A huut will be given three times a week for
amonth

uld by

Greta Pomeroy,

and streams, and it
man Hill
worma’

ib were
Some

    

Elsie Frenc h

 
    

CADETS BACK AT WEST POINT.

A Hop Given in Honor of the Return of the
Furlough Class.

West Point, Aug. 28 The furlough class
of the Military Academy returned home to-
day. ©n landing from the boat the cadets

marched up the hill to the camp singing their
class songs. On the slopes near the head-
quarters building the other members of the
corps of cadets were assembled shouting out
a noisy welcome to the returning cadets, The
latter marched directly to the steps of the
chapel, where they were photographed in
their battered straw hat and derbys out of
which they had managed to knock the crowns
on their way up the hfll, After being photo-
raphed they went to the barracks where civ-
fifan dress was exchanged for the gray uniform
Then they reported their return to the officer
in charge

The class numbers seventy-two members
The actual strength of the cadet corps bow
is 450. The hop in honor of the furlough class
took place to-night in the beautiful Cullum
Hall. The post is crowded with visitors. The
eadeta will break camp to-morrow and go
back to barracks. Studies will be resumed
on Sept. 1. All the officers ordered for duty
at the academy have arrived and_ reported
to Col. Miles, the superintendent. The detail
ef officers on duty at the academy this year
numbers seventy-two, an increase of nine
over last year

BOTH WANT THE Bor.
Father and Mother Dispute About the Posses-
sion of Their Child,

Edward Herman and Laura, his wife, of 156
Montgomery street Jersey City, separated
two years ago. Mrs. Herman took her son,
Albert, then 8 years old, and went to the home
of her motber in 190th street, near Seventh
avenue, New York, where she has since lived,
Herman did not see either his wife or child
again until shortly after 11 o'clock Monday
night. Then he met them near the ferry,
Mrs. Herman and the boy being on their way
home from a visit paid to friends near their
old home

Herman seized the boy and would have
earried him away had pot Mrs. Herman's
cries attracted Policeman Steele After hear-
{nw Mrs. Herman's statement he took the man,
woman and boy to the ategey street police |
station There Inspector Archibold decided ;
that the father’s right was superior to the
mother's, the boy being 5 vears old. He said
the police could not interfere, as if was not a
case of kidnapping and advised Mrs. Herman
to institute civil proceedings in the Court of

 

Chancery. This she said she would do, The
court will not reopen until Monday. Then
Mrs. Herman will apply for a writ of habeas
corpus. The police will see to it that Herman

does not, meanwhile, remdwe the boy from

Jersey City

DICK FLEMING ARRESTED,

He Is Suspected of Having Knowledge of Sim-
econ Wyckoft's Death.

SOMERVILLE, N. J., Aug. 28.--Dick Fleming
of Bernardsville was brought to the county
jail here to-day by Detective Totten on suapi-
clon of having murdered old Simeon Wyckoff,
who was found dead in the woods near Basking
Ridge on Sunday Fleming roves about the
country doing odd jobs. He was seen with old
Wyckoff on Saturday and his failure to obey the
summons to appear at the Coroner's tnquest
yesterday aroused suspicion. Fleming admits
that he met Wrekoff on Saturday morning just
after the old man had bougné a quart of 40-cent

 

whiskey. He says that afterward he went to
his work = ae a
FATHER AND SON MARRIED.

 

The Weddings Took Place Within Twenty-four
Hoers of Each Other.

Two weddings, performed by the Rev. R. A.
Hafer, pastor of St. Trinitatis German Evan
gelical Lutheran Church, Jersey City, within
twenty-four hours of each other, caused much
talk among the friends of the brides and bride-

rooma he first ceremony, performed Sun-
fay evening, made Miss Martha Hartkopf
the wife of Louis A. Dickschat. On Monday
evening Mr. Hafer was called on to marry
Frederick A, Dickschatfather of Louis, to Miss
Catherine Walter, the bride being a resident
of Union Hill. Father and son will make their
home under one roof when the wedding trips
end

 

Society Women at Newport Listen toa Leo-
tare in French.

Newport, R.L, Aug. 28. This morning the
ladies of the cottage colony gathered at “Beecb-
wood,’ the villa of Mr+. William Astor, to listen
to a lecture in French by Prof. Wisner, his sub-
ect being “Le Koi de Rome et \Avglon de
Zostand.” It was the fireto! a series of leo-
tures to bs given by Prof. Wisner at the differ-
ent cottages. Later in the day a luncheon was
given by Mrs. Clement ©. Moore

Vell From a Scaffold.
Martin Olsen, 36 years oid, of 61 Sussex street,
Jersey City, employed as @ painter at the Penn-

sy!vania Rillroad station, fell from a scaffold
vesterday and wa< instantly killed) He leaves
a wife and three children |

 

MRS, GOELET’S GRAND BALL,

“OCHRE COURT" RESPLENDENT WITH
LIGHTS AND FLOWERS,

 

The Hall Given in Honor of Miss May Goelet
~One of the Most Ambitious Affairs Ever
Seen in Newport -Elaborate Decoration of
the Grounds and of the Villa Those Present,

Newponrt, R, 0, Aug. 28—The much-talked-
of ball to be given by Mra. Ogden Galet in
honor of her daughter, Mise May Galet, took
place to-night and was one of the most pre-
tentious affairs of the season, The scene of
the ball was “Ochre Court,” Mra. Goelet’s pa-
Jatial palace on the eliffs, It waa really the
first time that the house had opened for such
A large society affair, A simall dance waa given
earlier in the season, but to-night's ball was
UDpressive ne a social function

The natural beauty of the place was enhanced
by the judicious use of plants and flowers,
which were everywhere on the
grounds and within the villa All the way
from the massive wrought iron grilled gates
to the porte-cochére were huge standard bou-
quets from six to elaht feet high, of beautiful
foliage, interspersed with tiny electric lights,
and in among the groups of flowering plants
nearer the doorway were beautiful effects in
flowers and lights. The view from Ochre Point
avenue was enchanting and will not soon be
forgotten by those who witnessed tt

Around on the terraces on the cliff side of the
estate the scene was bbatiful. Here were
placed with artistic effect several huge
Australian ferns, none of which wae less than
fifteen feet high. On the trunks were hanging
specimens of orchid plants In flower, “stag-
horn ferns’ and flowers in profusion, There
were numerous electric light bulbs in colors to
harmonize with the orchids. Groupa of fine
palms were to be seen all about the place, es-
pecially at the main entrance and on each side
of the steps leading to the main hall, where two
immense trees of American Beauty roses stood
out well against the background of white mar-
ble. On the several anSque tables throughout
the hall were large numbers of orchid plants
in full flower

At most of the affairs of this kind given this
season the ball has been preceded by a din-
ner, but to-nlght’s began with the ball and a
dinner was served at midnight. The guests
were received by Mrs. Goelet and her daughter,
and at 10 o'clock the ball began. The dancing
was done in the gold and white ballroom, an
here it was seen that the decorators had not
been called upon, for the natural beauty of
the place could not be enhanced by ow-
ere It is sald to be the finest ballroom
in Newport The musicians were acreeneé

in evidence

off in one corner by palms and rose trees
in full bloom (here was a4 brass
hand on the terrace for and

promenading,
from the time the ball began until its end there
was music constantly. After dinner, which
wag served at small tables profusely decorated
with American Beauty roses, the cotillon
was danced, being led by Mr. Elisha Dyer
Jr., with the fair daughter of the hostess. The
favors were very handeaome and costly. They
were imported by Mrs. Goelet for the occasion,
Among the figures in the cotillon were several
very pretty floral fleures, arranged by Hode-
gon. The ball was attended by nearly all
the cottagers

Among the aieste at the ball were Mr ¢
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs. KR. T
Wilson, R..T. Wilson, Jr., Mr. and Mrs, .fleriman
Oelrichs Mrs. Stuy veaant Fish Mr. and Mrs.
George B. de Forest, Miss Marion Fish, Harry
Lehr Mr. J.J. Van Alen, the Misses Van Alen,
J. Lawrence Van Alen, Mr Elisha
Dyer Jr. Miss Laura Swan, Mrs
Mrs. William Astor, Mrs, J. J. Astor, Mr. and
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont. Mr. and Mrs. L.. Q. Jones
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Brooks, Miss Gladys 3 Brooks,
lord and Ladv Pauncefote, the Misses Paunce-
fote. Mr. and Mrs, N. Whitehouse. Mr. and Mrs.
J. RK. Livermore, Mr. and Mrs. J. Fl. Beekinan,
Mr. ang Mrs. R. P. Carroll, Mr, and Mrs. A. ¢
Canfield, Mr. and Mrs, E. T. Gerry, the Misses
Gerry, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hunnewell, Mr. and
Mrs. A. T. Komp, H. F. Eidridge, Mr. and Mrs
Wo oH. Sands, Mr. and Mrs. N. Thayer, H. Y.
Dolan, Mr. and Mrs, C. Dolan, R. N. Ellis, Miss
Seott, W. Cane, C Hiteheoek, R. King, Mrs ©
H. Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs R.1.. Agassiz, Mr. and
Mrs. H.R, Bishop, B. G. Johnson, Miss Bishop,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. 1D. Lanter, Miss Blight, @.D
Cutting, Miss F. Jones, Robert Goelet, Miss
Cushing, Marquis De La Gandera, Mrs, A. Lad-
enburg, Mrs. J. de Forest Danielson, Misa Hoff-
man, i J. Berwind, H. Clews, Jr., Mrs. Burke-
Koche, W, Rutherford, R. Brooks, the Misses,
Johnson, M. M. Shoemaker, Mra. R

and

and Mrs. Ei
Henry Clews

Gampbrill,

E. L. Winthrop, Mr. and. Mrs. E. L. Winthrop
Jr., the Misses Potter, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. F_Robe
inaon, Mrs. C. C. Moore, L. Stewart, R. Terry,

F. 0. French, Max Maller,
H. Norman, Mr. and Mre. J. Harriman, Mr. anc
Mrs. J. Del. Kane, Mrs. D. King, Jr. Mra. G.
Hoffman, Mrs. King, Miss King, Mr. and Mra
W.P. Thompson, and others,

Jr., Miss Terry, Mrs

 

WITH SOLDIERS,

A SCRAP

 

It Was Lucky for Allery That They Didn't
Prove Their Charges.

Charles A. Allery of Port Richmond had an
encounter with a body of soldiers stationed at
Fort Wadsworth on Monday night.

Four soldiers were attacked at South Beach
on Aug. 19 by several young men and Private
Smith's Jaw was broken by a blow from the

flat of one of the ectvilians. On Monday night
Allery was ip one of the concert halls at the
beach when he was told that some one wanted
to see him outside. When he stepped outside
a number of soldiers jumped on him and threw
him down, The polfce heard of the row and
ran to Allery’s rescue, One of the soldiers
explained that Allery was believed to be the
man who led the attack on the soldiers when
Private Smith was injured. Nona of those
present had been in the fight and the police.
men, to pacify the soldiers, sugaented that
Allery be taken to the are at the fort (of
identification by Smith. llery agreed thia
and, guarded by the policemen, the mareh to
the fort was begun A large crowd followed,
Allery was taken before Smith in the hospital,
but Smith said he was not the man who struck
him. The officers at the fort declared that
Allery was exonerated and he war released
and sent out undera guard, The guard boarded
a trolley car with Slery and did not leave him
until a mile away from the fort,

WAR ON POOL SELLERS.

Connecticat's Law and Order League May De-
scend on the Charter Oak Races.

Harrrorp, Conn., Aug. 28.—Secretary
Thrasher of the Law and Order League which
raided the poole at the Charter Oak Park races
last year, was In town this aftemioon and was
asked if his visit had any with
the races which will open there next week

He replied

‘IT am frank to admit it does. The Law
and Order League has been asked to see that
the laws of the State are net violated at the
races next week and I came here to-day to
make some inquiries relative to the matter
I have found out some things, but I don't care
to say just what

When asked whether the league would
have agents at the track to see if pool selling
was going on, Secretary Thrasher replied

*T cannot say just what we may do, but this
ean be said; An effort will be made to locate the
responsibility for the enforcement of the law
at these races, We shall do our best to have
the responsibility placed one way or other so
that the public ean know whether the authori-
ties cannot put a stop te the violations of law
or whether they do not wish to stop It. n
either case the necessity for an organlzauon
like ours will be appe rent.”

It is said that the pool selling will be at-
tempted again as usual,

connection

 

CONSCRIPTED IN GERMANY,

Son of American Citizen Compelled te De
Military Duty There,

Theodore Werner, a member of Bricklayers’
Union No, 11, who lives at 242 Weat 114th street
complained at a meeting of the union this week
that his son Theodore, 20 years old, who is also
a member of the unton, had been conscripted
and compelled to do military duty ia Germany
while on a visit to that country, Werner senior
came to this country about six years ago and
{s a naturalized American citizen. Two years
later he sent for his family, his son Theodore
being then a little over 16 years old. EKight
weeks ago Werner says he received word that
a relative had died in Germany and he sent his
aon to his native town to look after some prop
erty, Nothing was heard from him until aday or
two ago when Werner received the following
letter, dated from the barracks at Kiel

“DEAR PARENTS: I am already four days in
parracks. As soon as 1 came here they seized
me and now IJ have to drill.’

Werner did not bring the matter formally be
fore the union, but consulted with some of the
members as to whether the union would make
com laint to the authorities in Washington. In
the meantime he will take legal advice and
will probably appeal to Washin

on personally,

 

Yardmaster Fahey Killed by the Cars.

Wiutuimantic, Conn. Avg. 28--Yardmaster
John Fahey of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad was internally injured this
afternoon by being thrown from the platform
of a car and then run into by an engine. He
died four hours later. He was 45 years old
and has been yardmaster here for twenty
years and was known to all the railroad mep
on this road, He saved two persons from being
rin down by trains this morning. He leaves
a wife and four small children,

|
|
|

 

TO CHANGE THE GOEBEL LAW.

Kentucky Legislature in Special Session—Gov,.
Beckham on Fair Elections.

Frankront, Ky., Aug 28.—The Kentucky
Legislature met to-day at noon in extra sea-
sion and after formally giving notice of the
organization “Ready for business,” by com-
mittees from each branch, an adjournment
was taken until to-morrow. Under the rules
the great mass of biils, amending, modifying
and repealing the Goebel Flection law cannot
be introduced until Friday, the day on which
the Assembly {a invited to attend the Shelby-
ville Fair, but a motion to suspend the rules
and Introduce the bills may be made to-morrow
after the election of Legislative officera to
fill vacancies occastoned by persons accept.

ing other State offices pending adjournment.
Among the bills to be presented no bill so far
peeme to meet more favor than the Ohio election
aw
to make no definite plans until they find how
the other side stands. Mr. Koberts sald

 

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1900.

|

The Republican members have decided |

To a man we will accept an absolutely fair
bill wranting equal representation to both |
parties, We will oppose any unfair law."

Gov, Beckham's message was brief and said

in part on the Goebel law

"By reason of the strong prejudice againat
it many people have been led to believe that
the change was a mistake and the law a bad
one. ‘This prejudice againet it, whether rea-
sonable or not, is sufMfletent to justify vour
consideration and warrant you to take some
action in securing a more satisfactory law,
I know It is vour wish, as well as mine, that the
election in this State this fail shall he so fair
so just, so honorable that no eitizen in the Com-
monwealth shall have cause to complain as to
the law and its administration, a’ d, that what-
ever the result, every fair-minded citizen,
whether he side with the victor or the van-
quished, can say that the verdict of the people
has been properly recorded and victory awarded
to hin who deserves it.”

MOTHER AND CHILDREN

 

HOM FLESS.
Sank Exhausted in Front of a Williamsborg
Hospital—-To He Cared For,

Mrs. Annie Meyers, a homeless young woman,
and her five smal! children were found early
yesterday morning starving on the front stoop
of the Fastern District Hospital {n South Third
street, Williamsburg. Attention was drawn
to Mra. Meyers by her crying, and when she
and her children were helped into the Inati-
tution the emaciated appearance of each con-
firmed the woman's story of misfortune,

Mrs. Meyers is 26 years old and she formerly
lived at 3 leonard street. A month ago when
the family was about to be dispossessed Mra
Meyers gave birth to a child. The landlord
permitted the family to remain in the house
for two weeks longer and then they were dis-
possessed. They slept In halls and wagons
and beg@ed for food on week Meyers de-
serted his family, Before leaving he told
his wife he would look for work fe did not
return

Mrs. Meyers, with her five children, the oldest
a@ girl of & wandered around trying to find a
home until they sankexhausted atl A.M. vester-
day infront of the Fastern District Mospital

TLouls Wiegand, the superintendent of the
institution, communicated with the Children's

octety, and later the family was taken to the
ee avenue police court, where Magistrate
Kramer vernporarity committed the four eldest
children to the care of the society andsent Mrs
Meyers to the Wayside Home until her con-
dition improves

BYWAYS OF A SWINDLING PLOT.

Assistant District Attorney Now Accuses
the Men Who Guaranteed Gallagher,

At the hearing on the charges of swindling
against Francis, allas Tuke, Gallagher and
Ignatz Kornfeldt, before Magistrate Hogan
in the Jefferson Market police court, yester-
day, the two prisoners were positively iden-
tifled by several employees of R. J. Horner,
the furniture dealer, as the men who had ob-
talned valuable silverware from Horner's
store. Lawyer P. H. MeManns protested
against the identification on the ground that
the prosecution knew it to be based on a mis-
wke. ,

“It may_be possible for Assistant District
Attorney Byrnes tw establish a connection
between Gallagher and this uransaction,” said
the lawyer, “but he knows very well that the
man who visited the Horner store with Korn-
feldt was not Gallagher, but one Steve Tobin
of 10 Wall street, Mr. Byrnes knows It because
he has obtained what practically amounts to
a complete confession from Kornfeldt.”

“[ have not,” said the Assistant District
Attorney.
“You have,” retorteal McManus. “I have

been too long In the law business to be fooled.”

A motion of dismissal was made and was
denied. Mr. Byrnes at the hearing tncident-
ally declared that he would endeavor to prove
that Simon Smith of Haledon, N. J., and D
Wetl of 708 Broadway, who had acted as ref-
erences for the prisoner, had really been their
accomplices. Detective Rein said that both
Smith and Weil had been subpenaed as wit-
nesses and had failed to appear. The case waa
finally adjourned till Sept. 6.

PUNCHING A PRISONER GOT.

 

Just the Usaal Method of Dealing With a

Crook, It's Explained.

Capt. McClusky denied yesterday that the
assault on a youth in front of Police Head-
quarters on Monday night was committed by
one of his detectives. Reporters saw the young
man hit several times and then hustled into the
building. When inquiry was made later no
trace of him was found, nor was there any
record of an arrest.

All knowledge of the assault was officially
denied at headquarters yesterday, but persons
who usually know about such things said that
the man assaulted was a youthful Bowery
crook, who had been arrested as a suspicious
werson at Grand street and the Bowery by a

tective temporarily detailed at head-
quarters, The assault was explained by this
man's friends to be merely the usual roughness
necessary {n arresting a crook,

The prisoner was discharged in the Centre
street police court,

ALLEGED JAITLBIRD KEPT OUT.

A Swede Not Allowed to Land at Philadel-
phia--Had Been Shut Out at Halifax.

PHULADELPHIA, Aug. 28&.—Deputy United
States Emigration Commissioner Hughes of
this port declined to allow Johann Hannu, a
Swede passenger board the Allen Line
steamer Assyrian, to land to-day, and notified
Capt. Pickering that he would be held respon-
sible for the man's safekeeping. Hannu has
served Various sentences in his own country,
the chief of which was one of twelve vears
for arson. He left Sweden at the completion
of this sentence as a “cash” passenger bound
for Halifax, but was not allowed,to land there,
He has in his possession a letter of crediton
U. 8. McReary, British Government Commis-
sioner at Winnipeg, for $195. Hannu declares
that he is innocent of the charge upon which he
was sent to jail.

Mrs. E. G. Rathbone Detained in Quarantine,

Mre. E.G. Rathbone, wife of the Director of
the Porra of Cubs, wan a passenger by the Ward
Line steamship ‘avana, which arrived yaster-
day from Havana. Mrs. Rathbone had no oer-
tificate of acclimatization and was sent to Hoff-
man Island. She will be released at noon to-

orrow witb other quarantined passengers, in-
eluding Capt. FE. B. Ives, who t# on his way to

ina.

on

 

Trousers from the sober stripe
to the lively plaid.

Trousers from 80 to 46 inches
waist.

Trousers from 85 to 810.

Look your legs over.

N. B. At 85 and 86 you'll
find a goodly number that were
“way up’ a few days ago.

Rocrrs, Peer & Company.

264 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and @ Warren St.

840 Broadway, cor. Prince,

126) Broadway, cor, 52d
and 64 West 55d St

We Gil orders
by mall,

| of this she had mace a few

CAPT. CRENSHAW’S DEATH,

HIS

 

A PATRIOTIC MESSAGE FROM
FATHER TO GEN. CORBIN,

The Hope Expremed That the Sacrifice of This
and Other Lives in the Philippines May
Not Be in Vain and That the Flag May
Never Be Palied Down—Mr. Root's Keply.
WASHINGTON, Ang. 28 -A telegram received

to-day by Adutant-General Corbin from

Thomas C, Crenshaw, Commissioner of HKail-

roads of Georgia, tella of the death of his son

from wounds received in the Philippines and
expresses the hope thatthe American flag over
the islands may never be pulled down, It fs
as follows

“ATLANTA, Gia., Alig, 2

“den. H. ©. Corbin, Adjutant-General, Waah-
ington, D.C.

My beloved son, Capt. Frank F
reached Atlanta on the 23d inst,

Crenshaw,
and having

| been operated on on the 26th, died this morn-

ing from the effects of wounds recelved in
battle in Batangas Province, Philippine Islands
on June 6 last. He leaves a voung wife and
four little ehildren

We pray for the sake of all who have fallen
there in defence of our country's honor that
the flag under which they sacrificed their — lives
may never be pulled down, We shall forever
cherish the testimonials of his gallantry of
record In your office

"Please cable Col. birkheimer

“THoMas C. CRENSHAW.’

Inreply to Mr. Crenshaw's telegram Secretary
Root sent the following message

“Ll bew you to belleve In ny deep sympathy
with you for the death of your gallant son
from wounds received in actlon, [ remember
what a noble young Armerican be seemed
when Isaw him with his regiment at Camp
Meade just before they sailed for the Phillp-
pines Islands

“The flag under which he sacrificed his life
in defence of his country's rightful soverelanty
will remain the emblem and guarantee of peace
and justice throughout that Jand, and your
boy's sacrifice, hard as itis, will not have been
in vain Eutiav Root, Secretary of War.”

Capt. Crenshaw entered the service as a
Second [lieutenant in the Third United States
Volunteer Infantry on June 17, 1508, and was

promoted to be First Lieutenant on Rept 22,
1898, and served with his regiment unti af
9, 1800, when he waa honorably dischargec

He was appointed a Captain in the Twenty-
eight United States Volunteers and went with
his regiment to the Philippine Islands, where
he served with great credit. He was wounded
in the battle at Batangas and returned to the
United States on sick leave

POINT STILL TO YOUNG SCHARN,

Ipspector Harley and His Men Working to
Convict Him of Murder Ask Delay.

Inspector Harley went to the District Attor-
ney's office yesterday withgkeveral of his detec-
tives who have been working on the Scharn
murder and had a long consultation with As-
sistant District Attorney McIntyre. When it
was over Mr. Me[ntrye sent for Coroner Fitz-
patrick. The inquest in the Scharn case ta
set down for Friday next. Mr. Molntyre
told the Coroner that the police were anxious
to have the inquest put back for another week
to give them a chance to clear up several points
in the atory told by the dead girl's brotner
now in the Tombs, whom they have promised
to charge with the murder despite the allbl
he hassetup. The inquest will be delayed.

The police it was learned are still nursing the
theory that the girl wae killed inthe afternoon
They have discovered a Mrs. Butler, a neighbor,
who asserts that the portieres of which so much
has been sald in the case, were taken In by the

ir] just before that time. Young Scharn,
t Is now said had $4 in his possession when he
was arrested. Kate had drawn her salary,
$5, on the morning before she was killed. Ont
purchases The
olice assert that she ought to have had about
i and they failei to find that $4 in the flat.

hen they asked Scharo where he had ob-
tained the money he had, the detectives now
say he wald he had worked for it in a place in
Beekman street. This was not true, as the
boy had not worked for two months

“We still belleve young Scharn committed
the crime,” said Inspector Harley last night,
“and within a few days [hope to be in possession
o enough evidence to convict him of the mur-

er."

 

 

THE BREMEN FLOATED.

Steam Got Up itn Her Bollers Yesterday—To
Be Fitted for Freight Service?

The Bremen, which was beached on the
Weehawken flata after being towed from the
big Hoboken water front fire, was floated yes-
terday. Steam was got up in her bollers and

| they were found to be in good condition. At

the office of the North German I.loyd Com-
vany in Hoboken yesterday nothing could be
armed as to what would be done with the
Bremen when she is ready to be removed. A
report was circulated that she would be towed
to Newport News for temporary repairs aud
then taken to Germany to be refitted for freight
service

A party of men, among whom, it was
sald, were several Government inspectors,
visited the Bremen and Saale yesterday

Two men who were reported to be representa-
tives of the Government Inspected the Saale
at Hoboken a week ago, but the object of their
visit was not to be ascertained

VALUABLE PLANTS DESTROYED,

Vandal Wrecks the Garden of Mrs. Owen J,
McDonald at Newark.

The gerovm@ds of Owen J. Mebonald of 88
fixteenth avenue, Newark, were entared he-
tween 1 and & o'clock veaterday morning and

a lot of valuable plants, including rubber treea,
oleanders, a big and costly palm, and beds of
g@eraniums. cannas and caladfuins well as
vases filled with nasturtiums, were destroved
A saw was used In cutting down the larger
plants and some were cut with a_knife

Mr. MeDonald is a prominent official In the
Fidelity Trust Company. He said vesterday
that he suspected one man, but could not ‘make
known his suspicions until he hid some proof,
The plants, he suid, were his wife’s and their
destruction was a severe blow to her lle
has offered a reward of 625 for information
bearing on the matter.

GUIDO WILL BE DEPORTED.

Not Recause He Is an Anarchist, bat Because
He Is an Undestrable Immigrant,

 

Michael Guido, the [talian stowaway who ar-
rived here aboard the steamship Kaiser Wi-
helm II, on Aug. 16, and who was detained upon
suspeton of being an Anarchist, will be deported,
It was so decided at the Barge Office yesterday
by the Board of Special Inquiry, acting under
instructions from the Treasury Department
There was no evidence that Guido was or is an
Anarchist. He will be excluded because jas no
money and is likely to become a public charge
He worked his passage over

Natale Maresca, who also worked his passage
aboard the Kaiser Wilhelm IL, nay be deported
too, The Board of Special Inquiry is still in-
vestigating his case,

TWO GIRLS RESCUED.

One Went to the Other's Aid and Hoth Hada
Narrow Mscape From Drowning.

Banyion, L. J, Aug. 28.-The Misses Nellie
and Blanche Baboock of New York, who are at
the Argyle Hotel, had a narrow escape from
drowning here to-day. They are cousins and
entered the water together. Miss Blanche
stepped off into the deep water, Miss Nellie
went to her ald and the drowning girl grasped
her so tightly that both sank. James Jones,
Bathing Master Smith, Leo Fishe! and several
others Taped into the pool and pulled them
ashore. was believed that Miss Blanche
would die of exhaustion, but ahe rallied. Bath-
ing Master Smith lost a watch and some money
while in the water.

 

At Law Over the ‘Cadet Giri,"’

In a sult brought by Daniel H. Brady against
Artbur Al. Chamberlyn in connection with
their partnership in the production of the
“Cadet Girl” at the Herald Square Theatre,
a temporary. injunetion secured by Brady
preventing Chamberlyn from disposing of
the receipta came up before Justice Gilder-
sleeve of the Supreme Court yesterday on a
motion of Chamberlyn to modify tt. Brady
and Chamberlyn Goally “ie that Ambrose
O. McCall, clerk of Special Term, Part 1., should
handle the receipts and poy oft pressina claims,
ntil the motion can be further argued on
Thugedar

The Dixte to Dry Dock.

The training ship Dixie was put in dry dock
at the Navy Yard in Brooklyn yesterday, Her
hull will be scraped and = painted. Her ma-
chinery has been overhauled and more space
has heen alloited to her small lifeboats. She
will come out of dry dock on Friday, She is
expected to leave the yard about Sept, 15

Explosion in a Powder Mill,

PaTRrgon, N.d., Aug, 28—The drying room

tthe Lafliin-Rand Powder Works at Por pton
fale blew up yesterday afternoon. No one
was injured. The building was wrecked.

Mew Pudlications,

EXPOSITION,—the theatres, pano-
rainas, and other spectacles, with
pictures by Andre Castaigne,

THE PRINCE OF ILLUSION. A
novelette, complete in one number,
by John Luther Long, author of
“Madame Butterfly.”

THE INFLUENCE OF THE
WESTERN WORLD ON CHINA,
By the Rev. D. Z. Sheffield, D. D.,
President of the North China College
of the American Board at Tung-chau.

such complimentary press notices.

“The author’s fame is apparently estab-
lished with this, her maiden effort.”
—Boston Transcript.

“A remakable performance, not only for
a young writer, but for a writer of any age.”
—The Critie.

“A fresh, vivid, satisfying and fascinating
story. ... The interest is so keen that you
think of nothing but the story.”

Bost mn Herald,

“Promises to be full of fine ‘color’ and
rlotously rich in exciting incident.”

-Chicago Interior.

“Judging by the present instalment, will

prove a brilliant success.”
—New York Examiner.

“Leaps into action with all the ‘go’ of a

field day in track athletics.”
—liaily Adverttser, Boston.

“Promises to be of much importance In

the world of letters.”
—Philadelphia Presbyterian.

LOST HIS MONK.
And the Monk Had the Mon, Organ Grinder
in Trouble Till He Found Mis Pet.

MoUNT VERNON, N.Y., Aug. 28.—A pet mone
key dressed in a bright red uniform was 4 pas-
eenger on a trolley car on the Union Railway
bound from New Rochelle to this city last night.
Just before the car started for Mount Vernon an
Italian organ man placed him on the seat and
went off to get adrink. The Italian was still in

the saloon when the car went away.

When the monkey found that his owner had
been left behind he was greatly distreesed, but
he made no attempt tojump off. He wrapped
his taf] around one of the rungs of the seat and
held on while the car bowled around the curves
to Mount Vernon, The conductor turned the
animal] over to the night starter, who took him
into the waiting room and chained him to a seat
where a crowd of passengers had fun with hira
by feeding him with nute and watching him paas
his cap around for pennies, It was about mid-
night when an Italian carrying @ small organ
arrived in Mount Vernon.

‘Llosa da monk. He getta way from me. Oh
where is da monk?” he cried in distress. “1 |
give you your monk,” said Starter McKay.
_ You'll find him in the waiting room looking for
vou.” The Italian hurried into the station and
claimed his pet. His demonstration of joy, was
a commercial one, as the animal had the day's
collections in his pockets, but the monkey w
etneerely happy to find his master and climbe
all over him fn his glee.

 

 

 

SAID TO BE NEARLY 102 YEARS.

Death of a Man Who Smoked and Drank ta
Moderation for FPighty Years.

Fusanetu, N. J, Avge. 28. Michael Higgins,
101 yearsand 8 months old, died last night at his
home, 143 Court street, He was born In Ireland
and lived in this city fifty-fve years, In 1871 he
was appointed Deputy Health Inspector. Later
he was employed as A messenger in the Central
Ratlroad office and worked up to Friday last.
fle was overcome by the heat and never re-
covered, For eighty years he used tobacos and
liquor in moderation

Change tu Fulton Street Elevated Trains,

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company an-
nounced yesterday that the running of elevated
trains on the Fulton street line east of Manhat-
tan crossing will be discontinued hereafter be-
tween the hours of 1 and 5 A.M. The reason
for the change Is that the Jamaica avenue anu
the Fulton street trolley lines run over the same
ground

 

India Famine Heltef Fand.

The Committee of One Hundred on India
Famine Rellef reported yesterday additional
subscriptions amounting to $1,888.72, which
makes the total to date $223,415 01,

DrIwinr

ALMY.—Jobn Winthrop Almy, in his 55th year
Funeral services at his late residence, 112 Glen-
wood av., Bast Orange, N. J., Thursday morn-
ing, Aug. 30, 1900, at 11 o'clock Interment tn
his family lot at Short Hills, N. J. Loutaville,
Ky., and Utica papers please copy
GLASBY.—At Orange, N. J., on Monday, Aug. 27,
1900, Sarah E., widow of Jonathan Price Glasby.
Funeral services at her late home, 425 sforris
av., Elizabeth, N. J., on Priday, Aug. 31, 1900, at
s o'clock, P. M. Relatives and friends of the fam-
fly are invited
LYONS.—On Monday, Aug. 27, 1900, Thomas F.
Lyons, of the firm of Lyons & Chabot, tn his 43d
year
Funeral from the Brownson Catholic Clubhouse,
845 Fast 142d st. on Thursday, Aug. 30, 1900,
at O15 A. M., thence to St Jerome's Church,
Alexander av. and 134th st, where a solemn mass
of requiem will be offered for the repose of his
soul. Relatives and friends, Irish National Club,
Bronx Counet! No 266, Knights of Columbnua,
Brownson Catholic Club and North Side Board
of Trade are invited to attend. Loudon and Paris
papers please copy
BROWNSON CATHOLIC CLUR—Members, you are
requested to attend the funeral of our late member,
Thomas E. Lyons, from the clubhouse, 645 Fast
142d st., on Thursday morning, Aug. 30, 1900, at
9:15. Thence St. Jerome's Chureh, wherea
solemn requiem mass will be held for the repose
of bissoul. Respectfully,
JOHN H. BERGEN, Prestdent,
GEORGE A. O'ROURKE, Seeretary.
SCHIRWER,—Suddenly at White Plains N. Y., on
Tuesday morning, Aug. 25, 1900, Carrie, wife of
2* Edward Schirmer.
Funeral services at Grace Church, on Thursday,
Aug. 50,1900, at 3 P. M.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.
Office, 1 Madison av., corner 23d st., N. ¥.

Pew Publications.

50° ‘*Rubatyat,”’ Carmen, Tom and Jerry, ‘Tom
e

 

 

 

Jones " Voltaire's 'Candide.”’ Pratt. 161 6thay,

 
  

   

Colleges and Schools.

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN,-623d YEAR.

THE INDIVIDUAL THE BASIS
Special advantages for saving time in pre
WM. J. BETTS, M.A. (Yale).

aration.
nelpal

GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY,

WASHINGTON, D,. ©.
Arts and sciences, law, medicine, College and pre
paratory department li2ithyean Gepe 12.

“THE CENTURY”

For September

AMUSEMENTS OF THE PARIS A SUMMER HOLIDAY IN BER-

Other Hlustrated Articles, Complete Stories, Etc.,
and the Second Instalment of

“THE HELMET OF NAVARRE”

The new romance by Miss Bertha Runkle, the first instalment of which, in the
August Century, attracted such wide attention, Never before has the opening
instalment of a serial story in THE CENTURY MAGAZINE beén productive of
Those who mis-ed the August number
(which has for some time been entirely out of print) will find a synopsis of the
opening chapters in this September issue, with the second instalment.

 

What ts said of “The Helmet of Navarre.”

Sold everywhere.

THE CENTURY CO., NEW YORK.

      

 

Hew Publications,

 

    
 

ING SEA. The story of the Harri-
man expedition to Alaska, by John
Burroughs, Fully illustrated,

THE THAMES FROM W APPING
TO BLACKWALL, By Sir Walter
Besant. With illustrations by Phil
May and Joseph Pennell,

MEMORIES OF A _ MUSICAL
LIFE. The very interesting recol-
lections of William Mason, The
present instalment tells of his being
accepted as a pupil by Liszt.

      
     
        
 
         
      
       
      
   
       
       
 

“Bids fair to be a fascinating story.”
—Pioneer Presa, St. Paul.

“Bids fair to be intensely interesting.”
—Times-Star, Cincinnati,

"(The Helmet of Navarre’ is magnifi~
cent in its full flavor of chivalric adven-
ture.” —Boston Beacon,

“It will not disappoint high expecta-
tions.”’—~ Hartford Coateal. 4

“The action ts remarkably brisk and the
color perfect.”"—Philadelphia Press.

“It is dramatic, well conceived, and well
connected. There is singleness of tnterest,
there is lightness of touch and facility of
expression.”’—St, Paul Dispateh.

“Certainly the quality of the story is as
high as anything we have had in a long
time.”—Bos‘on Record,

“The narrative is spirited in the extreme.”

—The Book Buyer.

“We predict that it will meet with wide

favor.""—Atlanta Constitution.

85 cents.

    
          
       
       
      
      
       
        
         
 
   
        
 
    
 

  

     

Colleges aud Schools,

PADD OI

For Boys &Young Men—City & Country

MANHATTAN COLLEGE.

Christian Brothers, Boarding and Day Se
Grand Boulevard & 18 ists. New ‘or aoa,

Courses leading to the Degrees of BA B.S,

Modern Languages, Civil Engineering, Archi
tecture, General Sctentifie, Pe gogical
Courses, Commerctal Degartment.

For Catalogue address BRO. CHARLES , Direoter.

Dwight School

15 West 654 Street, New York City.
2ist Year opens Sept. 26th,

High class private school for boys from 7 to 80
years Of age, Individual attention given toys whose
education Las been irreguiar. Large faculty. Labo
tatories, Gymoastum. Athletics.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ST. FRANCIS’ COLLEGE,

BALTIC STREET, BROOKLYN.
CONDUCTED by the FRANCISCAN BROTHERS.
Classical, Scientife and Commercial Courses
Entrance 41 Butler street ApPy for Catalogue
BROTHER FIDELIS, O, 8. F., Rector

KINGSLEY SCHOOL fo.,2o7¢
Under Fourteen,
Individual training to bealthy, manly. cultured self
mastery. Ideal location tn hill country, 22 miles
from N. Y. Cluy. Residence new, roomy; all improve-
menta Terms, $50). Noextras Office hours, Tues
day, 0-12 . Room $2.70 Fifthave. Send for
oklet to J. R. CAMPBELL, Head Master,

relis, New Jersey.

[ladison School,

Preparatory for the Applied Sciences in Columbia ov
any other university course; horsemanship, fencing,
laboratory, workshop and field work; number ob
boarders [tmited w 20; individual attention paid te
every pupil G. VON TAUBE, Principal,

. ——d

DE LA SALLE INSTITUTE

CENTRAL PARK SOUTH, NEW YORK
Conducted by the Christian Brothers,
Belect school for bogs. Number of boarders limite@
Reopens Wednesday, Sept. 12.
Military Drlit Well equlpped Gymnasium For
Prospectus address BROTHER AGAPAS, Director.

HAMILTON INSTITUTE, —

46 West Sist St.. Manbattan Square, North,
REOPENS SEPT. 26TH.
For informationior catalogue address

N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr, M.A. Princpal,
THE BARNARD SGtooL

Thorough preparation for College and Business
Catalogue 16th year begins Sept. 20. cas

ERKELFY SCHOOL for boys 435 Madison ev,,
New York. Twenty-first year begins October ia.

For Girls & Young Women—City & Country.

LADYOLIFF.
Academy of Our Lady of Angels Under the
Direction of the Franctscan Sisters,

LADYCLIFF wrsrruinr Ho

WEST PUINT HO
Board & Tuition, 6200 per year. _Send for Prospectus

NSTITUTE TISNE, Eighth Year, opens
24, 1900, Preparation tor Jengtn ool
Principal, Mme, HENRIETT FE TISNE, oMoer
A adele Francaise, and oficial delegate 2
United States to International Congresses of Pw
Instruction, held at Paris, 1800.
No 533 WEST END AV., NEW YORE corr,

The Veltin School for Girls,
College Preparation. Number of pupils Mmited ap
twelve in cach class
Elevator

Fise-proct byliaiatd WEST 161TH STRERE,

Metropolitan Temple College,
S&P. CADMAN, D,D, Pres. aC Pi
RINQERGANTEN Training; A Mea
obi pa;

Model Kindergartens; Free Scholar
Sept 1°, 1900, Seventh Av. & 14th St

SD
For Young Men & Womea—City & Country.

ENNINGTON (N. J.) SEMINARY,

Brook R. R.; 63d year; Dow sexes; Neaithrut boost
tion: home comforts: noblity of character Ys care
ful training our constant alm; $65,000 pew Lmprove

mente

__THOMAS O'HANLON, D. D. LLP. President _
N®Y YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 16 wes
aN 43d wy Brook 200 Joralemon 6b; prepares
any one for REGENTS, colleges, schools; open now,

Business Colleges.

THE PACKARD COMMERCIAL SCHOOL

101 Kast 234 St,, Corner 4th Av., New York,
Telephose 101—18.

The 434 year of this school beging with the Rea
tag of the Fall seasion on Tuesday, Sept. 4 Ind! vid-
wal instruction in al! commercial branches, Nearly

0,000 young men and women trained for business,

‘all or send for prospectus.

Long Island Business College,

% to 14@ South Ath St., Brooklyn.

The business training school of to day for young
men and young women. ay and Lveaing sessions
REOPENS SEPTEMBER 10,

HENRY C. WRIGHT, Principal

Law Schools.

 

MONT VALE,
Rew Jersey.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

New York § Sisy sizth veer opene Oot, L
1900 day Classes with se
University = sionstroms aioe PM LG Be
,« alver two tars). FE i
Law School Clarees. ‘eeamione 8 to OP VF
er 1 fi. after three years) Grad
wate Classes lead to LL. M. Tultion, $100. For oe
eu'ars address
L. J. TOMPKINS, Registrar,
os ashington Square, N. ¥. City,
NEW YORK Day School, 35 Nesgen SM.
Evening School, ths
LAW SCHOOL | "bwient method" of Inetruce
tien. LL.B. tn two pears, LI. M. in three year
Beud lor catalog ue GLORVE CHAS Desa

ax