i j

4

VOL. LXXIX.—NO. 199. i

 

 

ee ————

KILLS

THE MAINE RESTS.
BENEATH THE SEA

PAROLE MAN

Left Since He Left Sing Sing.
John F. Hood, an ex-convict who had

yesterday afternoon

|

broken his parole, shot and killed himself |
in the furnished |

 

‘NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MAR

= a er
Sean

ee

 

K OUTLAWS AWAIT |,
BATTLE IN DEVIL'S DEN

 

CONFESSES TO SAVE SISTER.

outh Says He Stole Things From Lands |
lady Who Accused Her. |

A youth announcing himself as Will |

jam Chapman, 17 years old and a driver; |
went to the Bast 126th street station

WIFE HANGS HERSELF

CH 17, 1912.—copyrions, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publiahing Association.
° —

[BEECKMAN LORILLARD'S |, 70 sris_s¥er p=40.

 

y

THE WEATHER FORECAST.  ~

winds

92-~ PAGES.

TWO SPIES SHOT DEAD.

 

 

Into Forts at Mulhetm-am-Rhein.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sex.
Benin, March 16.—A report reached
here to-day that two spies have been
shot at Mulheim-am-Rhein by soldiers.

eee

 

 

Guns Boom and Bands Play
as Wreck Goes Down
in Deep Water.

   
 

f

jSAD NAVAL PAGEANT

 

room house at 161 West Thirty-fourth| Five Hundred Mountain Detec-

street when he saw the parole officers | . , . a
coming up the stairs to arrest him, Hood abhi ayaa :
erers’ Stronghold. ‘

came from a good family in Boston, it;

is said, but waa sent to- Sing Sing
To GET ALL, DEAD OR ALIVE

late last night and asked if there was
locked up there a girl named Ella Sil-
verman, and what charge had been
made against her. He was told that
she had been arrested on a warrant for
stealing a suitcase full of clothes and
other things worth altogether $93 from
Mrs. Ida Crumblegel, the landlady of a
rooming house at 44 West 128th atreet.

“Well, I stole that stuff, but it wasn't
worth $93," said Chapman. “She is my
sister, even though the name is dif-

 

| for @ five year term for grand larceny
fon was released on parole last Decem-
fen He reported to the prison officials
only once and then disappeared, '

Hood was 40 years old and béfore he | Court Reopened at Hillsville and In-
Mo ee was a bookkeeper. His | dictments Returned Against
wife in ton divorced him seven weeks Judge Massie’s Slayers.
ago and he had been living at the Weat | de .

 

Had Agreed to Go for 4 Ride With
Her Husband Just
Before.

a vn

SHE HAD

Three men attempted to break iato
one of the forts there and when chal-
lenged by the sentries attempted to es-
cape. Two were shot dead.

It is not known here whether the

NEURASTHENIA | third man escaped.

TOSS OF COIN MAKES BANK LAW.

Mississippi Legislature Accepts or Rejects
Amendments as Chance Dictates.

 

 

 

Was an Asheville Girl, Kathloen Doyle,
When She Married Me. Lorll-
lard in 1908. }

Hulk Dressed in the National Thirty-fourth street house with hia wife's

Flag and Garlanded
With Roses.

 

,American and Cuban Ships Escort
y Dead Vessel on Her
Last Voyage.

 

sister, Lillian Downing, as John Francis
Hooligan. Miss Downing said that she
and Hood had been living at the rate of
$200 a week for the last few Weeks, but
that they had left unpaid bills at the

TWO PEOPLES’ TRIBUTES |Grand, Park Avenue, Hermitage and
other hotels, which caused a complaint | sheriffs, all trained mountain fighters,
to be made by the Hotel Men's Association. | armed with repeating rifles and auto- ;

State Detective Jackson and Harry D.
gers, parole agent of the Priaon Asso-
diation, bave been on Hood's trail for

several weeks, They heard that he had | takeevery member of the gang,

 

es

Hitsvinie, Va., March 16.—The Allen
gang and their followers are in hiding
near Devil's Den, hear Fancy Gap,. on
the crést of the Blue Ridge range.

Five hundred detectives and deputy

 

 

matic pistols, have moved out into the |
mountains back of Hillsville,.determined |
dead |

obtained jewels on memorandum from a | of alive.

Boston firm and failed to settle for

REQUIEM FOR HER DEAD MEN |them and that he had

It goen without saying that these moun-

collected the | tain detectives and deputy sheriffs are

ferent. She didn't do it and I'm here ~

 

Jackson, Mase., March 16.—The seasion

to take my medicine. But what I took
Was woftth more like 93 cents. The
shoes T sold for 40 cents, I was out
of a job and took the things In order to
get some money to get out of town
with.”

Lieut. Walsh put Chapman under ar-
rest. He said he and his sister had been
ving at the 128th atreet address, but
after he had taken the things he shifted |
around town for a few days. When he
heard his slater was locked up he
wanted to make things square, ho said.
When she had been arrested cariier tn
the day she had said that her brother
could explain.

 

of the Mississippi Legislature now draw-
Mrs. Kathleen Leslie Lorillard, wife of | ing to a close, which has been vharactet-

Beeckman Lorillard, who ig a son of the| ized by many remarkable proceedings,
late Louis L. Lorillard and grandson of | to-day wrote laws. that depended upon
Peter Lorillard, committed euicide yester- | thé flip of a coin.

day afternoon in the bathroom of her The action was taken in conferenoe,

the bill in question being the much dis-
apartments at the Holland House by | cussed banking and currency measure,
hanging herself with a trunk strap. The | At first thedispete was over naming the

only explanation Mr. Lorillard could give | bill and the coin test, head or tails, waa
was that her mind had given way in an |Suggested. It proved so satisfactory

attack of neurasthenia, a malady from | that the same procedure was applied to

'@ number of important measures, the
r ir
which she had suffered at intervals fo ! chance acceptence or rejection of them
some time,

| being allowed to stand as final.

 

Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow,

becoming southerly.

Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

ROSALSKY BURSTS

Maims Fire Department Offi-
clal Who Is Sent to
Examine It.

JUDGE OPENEDTHE BOX

 

 

 

Found Electric Batteries in It
and Telephoned to
the Police.

|NO IDEA WHO SENT IT

 

 

| Inspector Owen Eagan in Hospital
and Rosalsky Library
a Wreck.

Ce thie

Mr. and Mrs. Lorillard had luncheon

 

 

solemn Religious and Military Cere-
monies in Memory of the Vic-
tims of the Disaster.

—

   

 

,
i Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sux
/ Havana, March 16.—The maimed hulk

of the battleship Maine, once the pride

of the American Navy, Was sunk at 5:30

oclock this afternoon in the deepest
, part of the Florida straits. She went
| down with the national flag floating from
. “her masts.

As the sea closed over her, national
salutes boomed from the guns of the
warships that formed her funeral cor-
tege and the mournful strains of “taps”
were sounded by the buglers. As she
sank she left floating upon the waters

commission on an order for 100,000 cases The
of cigarettes valued at $100,000. It devel- getnn © Rave Gaw hane very Tul

oped the ortlera were fictitious. Allens are on a mountain thick with |

Hood appeared to know that the prison | !aurel, rugged and abrupt. It would be :
agenta Were after him, for he told in aa for them from their high vantage | Fall Miver Operatives Reject 5 Per Cent.

BIG TEXTILE STRIKE THREAT. |

 

Downing several days ago that he was| point to pick ne me aay bend! Offer and Demand 14.
afraid they would po him soon. When fae “a ht a See the seamen | Fatt River, Maass,, March 16.--There
Jackson and Rodgers went to the house forts € P j 1s danger of a strike of the 30,000 opera-_

yesterday afternoon and were-told that tives employed in the cotton mills here.
Hood was in his room on the third floor} There may be a hand to hand fight} The Textile Council has virtually re-
they started upstairs. Hood had heard | between the outlaws and the pursuers, | jected the 5 per cent, wage increase
voices and looking down through the | but it looks to-night as if the posse would | offered by the manufacturers and has
cate well of the house saw the officers |move with great caution and attempt | emanded © fat Increane of 18 per cont.
coming for him. He ran into his room lene : :
and slammed the door. [9 get the Al by a carefully planned at a meeting last night and was not
“It's all up,” he said to Mies Downing Campaign. The Government authorities | made public unill to-day, when Thomas |
“Here they come t6 get me, but I'll foo) | have stationed guards in the mountain! Taylor, secretary, sent the following let-
them yet.” gaps to head off any attempt on the part | ter to C. M. Hathaway, secretary of the
Hood then ran over to a dresser and Of the outlaws to move into North Caro-) Manufacturers Association: |

| wife did not meet him as he had expected

got out a revolver, and before Miss Down-
ing could stép him he had sent a bullet
into his temple. The officers heard the
shot and broke the door open, but’ when

—

they got Dr. Victor of the New York
Hospital there Hood was dead

Miss Downing said that their money
had run low in the last few days and that

the splendid pall of rosea in which she
had been enshrouded in preparation
for her burial.

A great hollow square of vessels, rang-
ing in size from 11,000 ton fighting ma-
e¥ines to gasolene fishing smacks, took
up positions late thia afternoon in the
sluggish waters of the Gulf of Mexico,
just outside the Cuban sea limit. Within
the square, moving slowly up and down
on the breast of a land running swell,
was an obiong object completely covered
with a magnificent new American flag.
On top of this rested 1,200 beautiful roses
which glowed in the afternoon sunlight
in kaleidoscopic magnificence. A mast

on Friday and gave it all to Hood, she
said, but he had only 89 centa when he
killed himself

Miss Downing told the police thet she

it wae arranged last night to serd her
there

JOY RIDE IN $5,000 COUPE.

Jesse Livermore's Chau@enr Lent it to
Friends, Who Smashed It,

John Barret of 128 West Twenty-ninth
street, chauffeur for Jeses Livermore,

 

 

 

was held in position hy a steel llawser ta Broker, of 194 Riverside Drive, took
Rat stretched from it to the big ocean |his employer aud Mrs. Livermore

| tug Osceola of the United States Navy, | to the home of LeofJ. Mait's, a lawyer,
THE VESSEL AND HER DEAD living at 315 West Eigacy-first street,

Underneath thé flag was all that was |C#tly last evening and was iustrneted
leit of the old battleship Maine, the | return for them at midnigai. He drove
destruotion of which on a warm Februery | Wey to spend the evening with the
night in the harbor of this city cihenged the | Murpay family at tneiv nome at 242 East
map of the Western Hemisphere and re- | Fotty-seventh street, In tae nouse with
moved from it for all time the standard | the Murpnys live tae Jeromes. ‘Tne
{ Spain. The scone was the mo«t re- | Jerome girls, Jessie and Paruline, respect-
jarkable- of fte kind in history. Never | ively aged 17 and 15 years, waited to take
wiore had a warahip, the pride of a a ride. Joon Murp ty, “40 was a foot-
uation, been raised from the dead to be M42, volunteered to take i 1em,
again buried with the same honors that! He and nis brow ier Mati iew climbed
ve paid to the mighty ones of the earth, | @board tae driver's seat and tie girls

On one of the ships that waited with | #0t inside, At Patk svonue and Filty-
tiled engines for the signal that would {third street Murpiy lost control of ais
snd the battered and rusted hulk to its | machine, whicn swerved to tae rigat,
uative element there were carried in| ¢Tashed into the curbstone and fell on its
hermetically sealed coffins, covered byt | tide. The two Murp ys were tnrown
the fag for which they had died, the | OM but escaped with sligat cuts. Jessie
whitened bones ‘of the brave men of the| Jerome had @ humber of bruises and
«tiered ship's company. They too were | W4* suffering from snock. Pauline's left
song home to rest. After fourteen veare | Shoulder was dislocated and tne left side
Tnprisonment in the watery coffin ‘these | Of her face badly cut by broken glass.
ner who lost their lives that the ishind

republic might be free were at last to be | Street station, where Dr. Barrett of

‘Allen, Floyd's brother. Claude and Fred

{ora who were wounded by the hail of on Wednesilay and Thursday nights,

| afternoon. The funerals of three other | Manufacturers Association of an ad-

would like to go home to Boston, and,

lina or Tennessee.

Another name was to-day added to the |
list of the dead in the Carroll Court House |
tragedy. Press Fowler, one of the jur- |

bulleta in the little court room, died this

victirna—Judge Thornton I.. Maasie, Com- |

she had sent home for some. She got £50 Monwealth Counsel William Forter and |

Sheriff L. 8. Webb—were held to-day.
The body of the other victim, nineteen- |
year-old Nancy Ayres, who was hit by
astray bullet, will be buried to-morrow.
In the meantine this Jittle community

“At a special meeting of the Textile
Council, held last night, the delegates
from the untons affiliated reported that
at general and special meetings held

|canvas strap to the fixture and in the

COLD HAND FOR WILSON.

together at the hotel rather late and —
went upstairs to their apartments on the |

 

Thick and He Didn't Mind It Much.

an automobile ride. Mrs. Lorillard, who) Ruizanern, March 1.~Gov. Wilson
appeared to be in good spirits at the time, | responded to the torst, “America, Our
assented and Mr. Lorillard went down- Country,” at the banquet of the Friendly
stairs to order the machine at the hotel | Sons of St. Patrick here to-night. When
stand. He was not gone from the apart-| g man, believed to be a former State
ment more than fifteen minutes, and |committeeman, reluctantly shook hands
perhaps a little leas, with oim the Governor noticed his cold-

When he returned to his apartment his | ners, He said afterward:

“I didn't mind the incident much be-
she would and he walked through the | cause my public skin is thicker than my
apartment calling her. He found her in! private.”

the bathroom, She was hanging by the) Goy, Wilson paid compliments to the
neck by a canvas trunk strap, one ond Of | yarious reces that make up the citisen-
which had been fastened to a bracket | ship of America, mentioning particularly
near the ceiling. It was evident that | the Irish, German, Latin and tue English,
she had stood on a chair, tied the light | the letter of whom he characterised as
|heing too serious. “I have not the least
other end of the strap had made a noose objection to even the newest arrivals

 

| and put it about her neck.

the, Mr. Lorillard put his weight on the light
| atrap and tore it down. Then he carried |
vance of 5 per cent. to take effect March | his wife into the bedroom telephoned |

this week, the announcement by

25 had been considered and the offer, to the hotel office. Manager Sommers |
rejected as being unsatisfactory. of the hotel called in Dr. A. A. Moore of |
“I was further directed to communi- | 43 Fast Thirty-third street. Dr. H. L.
cate with you and to forward a request, | Hooker, who is associated with Dr. Moore,

‘on behalf of the Textile Counctl, that | accompanied him to the hotel. The two

on March 25 wages of cotton opera- | physicians worked over the woman for

‘and the law abiding element in Carroll! (ives of the city be advanced 15 per | something over an hour, using @rtificial

‘tragedy, have set about reestablishing | ,efore Wednesday, March 20.”

| Kegun to grind and this afternoon a Grand Lusiness depression, curtaiiments and |

All four went to the East Fifty-first |
wer |

county, while still stunned by Thutaday’s |
law and order, The mills of justice have |

Jury, risking the fate of the men who |
served on the Floyd Allen jury, brought
in six indictments: One i¢ against - |
na Allen, the t leader of the gang,

and another net Ployd Alleti, who fs '
now in the jail here. The other indict- |
ments are suppoded to be against Claude |
Allen, a son of Sidna; Sidnéy Edwards, |
a nephew of Floyd and Fred Allen; a

son of Jack, and another of Floyd's

nephews

Judge Waller Ro Staples, who was
assighed to the Carroll County Course by |
Gov. Mann, ocoupied the seat in whier
Judge Maasie met death

The Devil's Den country, where the |
Allens have taken refuge, is about fif-
teen miles south from Hilleville. It is!
very close to the North Carolina line, |
and the outlaws and their followera will |
probably be able to escape from Virginia |
if they wish to take flight.

There are about twenty-four men in!
the gang now. They are led by Sidney |
Allen, Sidney Edwarde and other mem- |
bers of the family are supposed to be in

cent. and that an answer be given on or | respiration and what other restorative |

methods seemed applicable. Dr. Moore |

The mills after two or three years of | said afterward that the effort was really |

lees from the beginning. i

was no note to explain Mrs.)

‘a desire to dic. She waa creased

“ ahe been dtessed at ae
The operatives have had hekprprnings vy wrap was thrown careless

decreased by the frequent ents, | on bed and her hat lay near .t. It

Since 1910 the operatives have been seemed plausible to euppoa» that she |

working without any wage agreement | had pat on cloak and hat ready for |

with the manufacturers. ‘the automobile ride and, suddenly de-

en ciding upon suicide, had thrown off |

the passing of dividends have recpatiy |
experiesced improved trade conditions
and have heen running on full time.

 

$1, OR NO WEDDING LICENSE, | “ion*and hat and kone into the bathroom, |

, | was a light canvas strap used to strap |
Rushkin Patd It at Last, but He Is Going | together gowns on the inside of a trunk.
to Complain to Gaynor. It i# not thore than three-quarters of an |
One of the applicants who wént to} inch wide and although of strong tex-
the City Hall yesterday for « marriage | ture ia light and pliable and easily tied.
license dkin't think it was worth the, Mr. Lorillard recentty returned from |
dollar fee. He was Saul Rushkin, 40/a trip around the workd. He took the |
Years old, of 63 Kast 100th street. The) apartment of sitting room, bedroom
party of the second part was Miss | and bath at the Holland House on March !
Emma Shaskan, a dressmaker, living |12, Three daya ago hiawife joined him. |
at 278 West 180th street. After the two | Mrs. Lorillard was 28 years old and,
had filled up their application formaja slight woman of something under |
Rushkin handed them in and was asked | average height. Her aciuaintances!
for the usual fee. knew her a# “nervous,” and Mr. Loril- |
“A dollar for. what?” asked Rushkin. | lard said yesterday that she had been |
“For the license, for the privilege of | subject to neurasthenia.

on our shores,” he said. “We must get
away from racial prejudice.”
dust before he began his address the

jorchestta played the air of Speaker

Champ Clark's, “houn’ dawg” song.

TEN FISHERMEN DROWNED.

Gloucester Schooner Strikes Rock When
Running From Storm. |

Hairax, N.8., Maroh 16.—The Glouces-
ster fishing schooner Patrician was driven
ashore last night at Bell Rock off Jordan
Bay, N. S., and Capt. William Harding
and nine of his crew were drowned
Ten others were saved

The Patrician was fishing when a

southwesterly storm blew. up. _ The
weather became thick and darkness came
on, Lockport buoy was made, but Capt.
Harding thought it was thé Shelburne
clearing buoy. Before he discovered
his mistake the schooner crashed on Bell
Rock and went to pieces.
Ten of those on board, among them
Capt. Harding, had not time to get to the
dories, but the ten others got the boats
out. One of the dories had no oara and
all the occupants could do was to allow
themselves to drift ashore. More than
once they were upset, but they clambered
in again and after a desperate struggle
found themselves on the land.

The Patrician had 70,000 pounds of fish.

NOT FIT FOR JAIL USE.

Prisoners Refuse Trenton's Drinking
Water and Get Theirs in Bottles.
Trenton, N. J.. March 16.—Prisoners

 

{BOMB LIKE GRACE WALKER'S

|
|

 

‘eighth floor. A little before 3:30 o'clock | Governor Said His Political Skin Was! Elbow of Pipe Loaded With Explosives
!Mr. Lorillard suggested that they take

to Be Fired by an Elec-
trie Spark.

i

 

{ An electric bomb, in construction muéh
like the bomb that killed Gracé Walker at
| 103 West Seventy-seventh street on Feb-
ruary 7, was delivered by mail, as hers
was, to Judge Otto A. Rosalsky yestétday
afternoon at the Hendrik Hudson, River-
side Drive and 110th street, and exploded
| in his library, severely injuring an in-
'spector from the Bureau of Com-
bustibles who had been sent to examine
it. The library was wrecked. Judge
Rosalsky had partly opened the package
firet, but had desisted when ha saw electric
batteries in it and had notified the police.

Judge Rosalsky said he was confident
that the bomb was not sent by Italians.
When he was asked if he thought it had
any connection directly or indirectly with
the Brandt case he refused to say any-
thing.

The bomh-was delivered, along #ith
other mail, t
of apartment house routine. The .
age containing it, with the rest of

lr
Rosalsky's mail, was left at the apartmen
from.

house office at 4:70 P. M. by a catrier
Station A at 102d street, At
it was turned over to an elevator
in turn handed it to Clara Fish,
maid, at the door of Judge
apartment. The Judge was out, and the
maid put all the mail on Judge Rosaisky's
table in the library. This room ie at the
extreme end of a long hal! and overlooks
the Hudson.

The package was wrapped in yellow
manila paper which bore the imprint of
the Fourteenth Street Store. It was ad-
dressed in typewriting to the “Hon. Otto A.
Rosalsky, Hendrik Hudson Apartments,
Broadway and 110th street, New York.”
The typewriting, as was the case with
the homb sent to Mra. Walker, was On @
plece of white paper pasted on. the ma nila.
The whole parcel was about 5 inchés square
and 84 inches high.

JUDGE OPENS THE BOX.

The package remained undisturbed on

the library table until 5:16 o'clock, when
| Suctge Roaalsky came in. He went di-

  
 
  

rectly to the library and glanced over the '

mail, When he came to the package he

She had not! in ¢he Mercer county jail rebelled to- | Cut the string which was about it and

the band that has taken refuge on the | marrying this young woman with you," |seen fit to call a phyaiclan at any tinte,| day against drinking the water from |U9Wrapped the paper. Within there was

erest of the Blue Ridge mountains.

The men are ready to fight to the death. |
They have plenty of arms and ammuni- |
tion.
ware store in Mount Airy, a small North |

replied the clerk. however, and always threw off the de- !
“Marriages are free In this country | pression readily.
and you have no right to ask me for Coroner Feinberg gave Mr. Lorillard |

on me,” said Rushkin.

the Delaware River, which furnishes
Trenton with its supply. Sheriff Mad-
den decided that the protest was justi-

They swooped down upon a hard- | a@ dollar; I won't pay it, you can't graft|a permit for the removal of the body} fied and ordered bottled spring water

ail in the hallowed soil of the national} Hospital patched up ihe injuries. The |
cemetery at Arlington. | police made a prisoner of Jonn Murphy, |
aan babe vovace . charging nim with operating at auto- |

‘he Maine and ita escorting flotilla

pasted out of Havana harbor at 3:40
cclock this afternoon. The flag and
flower covered hulk was preceded by
We cray cruisers Birmingham and North
‘arolina, Between these vessels, at-
tached to the wreok by twin steel haweers
that had been made faat to improvised
“butts,” was the big tug Osceola. On

«@ither side were the little revenue cutters
‘nd gunboats that comprise the Cuban
‘avy Behind, stringing out in irregular
formation, came many excursion craft
and small steamers bearing local Ameri-
‘aus aud Cubans to pay their last tribute
o! respect to the battered old ship that
had heen more powerful in death than
ni} fe

Slowly the procession steamed north-
westward until the landmarks at the en-
'rance of the harbor were hull down and
only shadowy objects in the waning
‘Unlignt, Every craft in the line had ite
ensign at half staff and most of them
vere draped in crape. Aa the Maine
hassed out of the harbor the forts saluted,
and the salute--a national one—was
Alswered by the gune of the American
‘Tulsers. The tribute seemed to have a
depressing effect on every one. There

7a ho sound on the various boate, De-
Pression that seemed to be felt by all
‘ubdued even the volatile Cuban sailors.
It was a real funeral and one whose aolem-
ally can hardly ever be forgotten by
*ho took part in it. .

THE LAS\ SIONAL,

“Suddenly a signal officer on the for-
“ard structure of the Birmingham oleft
Ne air with a colored flag. There was a

‘newer, and then in obedience

Programme arranged hours before

‘ous craft took up the positions

7 ‘het Lad been assigned tothem. A launch
gulel to the Maine, carrying officers
“YJ 'ven At the same time the crews

«7 '’ “arships went to quarters, while

 Jaarine guard took position in full

‘iitormn and with their pieces at

@carry. ‘The ship's band on the Bir-

“Deham struck up the American national

sti |, 118 Btrains echoing and reechoing
tose the expanse of water.

Whiek
19 th:
Nhe «

‘Tb

The tag on the Maine, in the hands of
Continued on Kighth Page.
| lOr!da, the Carolinas, Atlanta, Birmidgham.
tee ' ser ice Via Seaboard Aly Line’ et
hee 2 #lee) trains

den Ing. 1184 Bway, ne

Carolina mountain town, just before

daylight yesterday morning, broke open | ,,
mobile witnout a license. Then tney tele- | oF ~— an ae oe meen. ee
phoned to Mr. Livermore, who came to the | practically the entire stook of firearms jy eycr

station house and made an additional | 2344 an\munition :
charge against Murphy of grand larceny. To embarrass the officere of the law Mayor Gaynor wasn't in his office |
The automobile was an enclosed coupé | they cut the telephone wires into Mount and Rushkin connected with the city clerk

The clerk tried to explain that the fee |
as prescribed by law, but Ruskin

| wouldn't listen and left the bureau with
}the threat that he would go to the!

| to an undertaker's in Fifty-first street. | for the prisoners.

Mr. Lorillard’s mother, Mrs. Louis L.| Swollen by recent rains and mixed
Lorillard, who was Katherine L. Beeck-! with the coal laden waters of the Le-
man, was called by telephone and joined! high River the Delaware water has be-
her son at the hotel not long after his) come almost impotable. In a glass it re-
wife died. Other members of the Loril-| sembies lemonade. In the bath tub it Is
lard family in New York and Tuxedo were! like a mud puddle. The condition of
notified immediately. the river has forced Trentonians who

Mrs. Beeckman Lorillard was Miss, can do so to drink spring water, and

which cost $5,000, All of the glass in it was | airy le + | where he was assured that the dollar
« Airy. The only person in the little town | charged had been fixed by an act of the | Kathleen L. Doyle of Asheville. She! saloons are reaping a harvest.

broken and the body was smashed.
LAETARE MEDAL FOR MULRY.

Notre Dame University Honors Banker
for Services to Humanity.

Notrs Damp, Ind, March

Laetare medal, which is conferred by

 

 

who saw the outlaws was a telephone
operator and she was too frightened to |

| give the alarm.

16.—The |

While it is estimated that not more
than twenty-five men are in the gang
of outlaws now hiding in the mountains
this by no means represents the entire |

; strength of the Allens. For years this;

the University of Notre Dame on a)
the Fancy Gap district of Virginia, which

layman of the Catholie Church for dis-
tinguished services to church, country,
art, letters, science, civilization or hu-

manity, is awarded this year to Thomas |

Maurice Mulry, a banker of New York

city, for his works of charity extending |

over a quarter of a century. It was
particularly for his labors for the relief
of suffering humanity while actively
engaged in large business enterprises
and acting as president of a large bank
that Mr. Mulry was chosen for this dis-
tinction by Notre Dame, His philan-
thropic interest is regarded as an un+
usual banking policy.

 

Mr. Mulry received a telegram at his
‘home, 10 Perry street, at 6:30 o'clock
last night announcing that the Laetare
medal had been awarded to him.

“It came as a complete surprise to
me," he said, “and I can't say much
about it because I know nothing more
about it other than that the award has
been made. Naturally I am very much

|gratifed to know that I was selected

for the honor.”

Mr. Mulry is president of the con-
tracting firm of Thomas M, Mulry &
fons at 643 West Twenty-first street.
Since 1906 he has been president of the
Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank, but
is probably best known for his interest
in charitable Inatitutions, particularly
those connected with the Roman Cath-
olfe Church. He is president of the Su-

rior Council of the St. Vincent de

mul Society, a member of the Central
Council of the Charity Organization
Roclety, vice-president of the National
Conferences of Charities and Corrections

‘and is also @ member of the governing

boards of the New York Catholic Pro-
tectory and other Catholic institutions,
He is a member of the Democratic,
Catholic, Hardware, Building Trades

‘and other clubs,

; and that an effort is being made by them
| to draw in recruits.

| the Allens alive or bring them in dead are

|

| of Pennsylvania and the Southern States

 

they suspect of being spies. They jailed
|one man on thia score to-day and three
|othera had been arrested before. The
| loaders of the man hunt planned to-night

|

| Devil's Den they can range through an

family has ruled with a strong hand in|

has come to be known as one of thé most
notorious sections of the country for
moonshining and other lawlessness.

All of the lawbreakers, the men who
have been earning a Jiving through moon-
shine whiskey, sympathize with the
Allens, Others living back in the moun-
tains support the outlaws through fear,
and it is estimated that in the event of a
showdown the Allens could muster more
than 100 men in their defence. It is known
that their spies and scouts are now at work

The men who have started out to capture

under the direction of Thomas I,, Felts of
the tieteotive bureau of Bakiwin & Felts,
This bureatt is to the mountain districts

what the Pinkertons or W. J. Burne is
in other fields. The detectives are ex-
perienced mountaineers and they have
been reonforoed by deputy sheriffs
familiar with every inch of thie region.
The detectives have already indicated
that they intend to go about the rounding
up of the Allens with deliberation. They
have begun by arresting all men whom

to cut off all sources of information that
the gang might have and then to advance
cautiously into the mountains with the in-
tention of picking off singly as many as
pouasible.

The Allens could not have selected a
more favorable place of refuge. From

 

Continued on Seoond Page,

Legislature.

Even then Mr. Rushkin refused to
believe. Aa he was going down the
steps Misa Shaskan was seen to halt
and talk earnestly to him. After a
while he went back to the bureau and
paid his dollar. But he said he would
be at the Mayor's office on Monday to
make a complaint to Mr, Gaynor.

married Mr. Lorillard in 1903 when he |
was a student at Harvard. It} was an
elopement. They have lived in Asheville
and Newport, coming occasionally to
New York. Mrs. Lorillard wae here
the early part of the winter and went
about in society with her hueband's aunt, |
Mrs. James P. Kernochan. |
Mr. Lorillard is the youngest son of the |
late Louis L. Lorillard of Newport. His
mother is a sister of Livingston Beeckman,
who now lives ih Providenoe, R. [. The
family of the iate Louis L. Lorillard have
made their home in Newport for many |
years, Louis L. Lorillard formerly owned |
Viniand, the villa in Newport now the |
summer home of Mre. Hamilton McK. |
Twombly, which he inherited from the
late Catherine Lorillard Wolie.
Newreonrt, March 16.—The news of Mrs. |
| Lorillard’s ‘suicide was teceived here |
with great surprise. Mr. and Mrs. Loril-

CAN'T MAKE WHISKEY THERE.

Tennessee Supreme Court Upholds Law
Prohibiting Manufacture.
NasuvILte, Tenn., March 16.--The
Tennessee Supreme Court to-day held
that the law prohibiting the manufac-
ture of intoxicating liquors within the
State, enacted in 1909, Is constitutional.
The case was that of Lem Motlow,
proprietor of Jack Daniel whiskey, who

operated a great distillery in Moore | ignd were here together last summer at |
county. Under the affirmation of the | the time that Louis L. Lorillatd 's body wes |
verdict of the lower cotirt, Motlow, a brought back from abroad. Mr. Lorillard
man of great wealth, Is sentenced to! went abroad later for an extended atay |
pay a fine and serve six months in the} in the Orient, it ie understood, and Mrs. |
Moore county workhouse. Motlow | { orijiard returned to thie city late in cme |
averred that he had the right to Make | geagon to be the guest of Mre. James L, |
whiskey in Tennessee to be shipped into Kernochan. Mrs, Kernochan entertained |
other States, | extensively in her honor, and Mrs. Loril-

Justice M. M. Nell gave the opinion, | lard also did some entertaining for her
which was dissented from by Justice friends in the Newport summer colony.

Grafton Green. The case is the out-
come of the fight between Prohibition- |. te. Pierre Lorillard, Jr., whose hus- |

ists and those opposed to prohibition in band is 4 cousin of Beeckman Lorillard,
which Benator FE. W. Carmack was! committed suicide in Washington on
slain and which has resulted in a divi-| Maroh 26, 1009, by inhaling illuminating
sion of the Democratic party and the} gag in her bathroom, She had attended |

election of a Republican Governor. {
Motlow, appealing the case from the sae with her husband the same eve- |
W

Moore County Circult Court, set up that : ; ad '

the law in vold under both the Btate | Royle, mother of Mra, Lorillard, received

and Federal Constitutions. Justice | word’ to-night of her daughter'a death

Green, dissenting, declared the “manu- | Mra. Boyle has apent a deal of time

facturers’ law" makes an arbitrary and | here in recent years. e is a sister of

therefore unconstitutional discrimina- | the tate Norman Bestor, who at his death

oa ,betweek inpnufeeturer, and seaies | two yeare ago was manager of the Inter-
uatice e e e ate was only

crareann fie nolan’ seen nationa! Banking Corporation.
The case will be appealed to the

 

 

eaten: eneeenenpntaneeenet

 

EARTHQUAKE SHOCK IN MAINE.

Tremor Followed by a Crash and Then a
Downpour of Rain.

Penorscot, Me., March 16.—An earth-
quake shock was felt at 4 o'clock yes-
terday afternoon. The disturbance ap-
peared to centre here, moving south
and east, being also felt at Blue Hf
anc Castine, but to a lesser degree.

Manager W. H. Welch of the Central
Telephone office describes the sensation as
a slight tremor accompanied by a loud
crackling crash, which appeared to be
in the basement gf the building, with
o lesser tremor about three seconds
later.

He was about to investigate when
he was besieged by inquiries from

 

| people within a five mile radius, all de-

scribing the sensation the same, a tremor
and a crash, followed by a heavy
downpour of rain.

There was no atmospheric or elec-
trical disturbance out of the ordinary.
The fact that about a year ago a simi-
‘ar disturbance centred in this eregion
appears to indicate unusual conditions
which may be the matter of scientific
investigation.

SHIPWRECK RUMOR.

Italian Liner Said to Be Ashore on the

African Coast.
Sperial Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Tanaigr, Morocco, March 16,—Reports
from Ceuta say that an Italian transat-
lantic liner has been wrecked off Al-
manza on the African side of the Strait
of Gibraltar.

The report was brought In by fish-
ermen, who declare that sevayal of the
ship's boats which put off after the
wreck were capsized and their passen-
gers drowned.

 

 

 

: PANAMA AND ran Eo i yt: ,
United States Supreme Court. 1 eavia r Sars vie SOUTREAN aay. © ATOKA PALL CEN tata Wea
evercthoneeettenenitinsiteits } 8! man Trains a av UTHERN RAILWAY,
fo New Orleans, with cx t stea: © ocr frig idee," Modern: Fxclusively Pullman Trains

, | ce
ARRAY fe cee eae
Y

with excellent steamer service
rough outhorn Seas direct ig elias, erto

erto Caries, Amon, as Del c
» ¥, Offgp—204 Fifth Ave., cor. 20th St. .

| tered saying, “Don't tou
| you know a good deal about bombs, | °

covered pasteboard. The box was of
|much the same sort 28 is used fof half
pound orders df cendy or bricked ica
cream. on

Judge Rosalsky began to lift the cover
and noticed that it resisted a little. This
sticking of the cover on so frail a box
aroused his suspicion and he said after
ward that he thought a@ onoe “That's a
bomb.”

Standing up and leaning well backward
with his face partly turned away, the
Judge then stretohed his arm out to full
length and gingerly raised the cover a
trifle. Little by little he raised it until
he could slide it off.

The opened box revealed a piece of iron
pipe an inch in diameter with a shoulder
in it. Straightened out the pipe would
have measured about seven inohes in
length. On each side of thé section of
pipe was a small dry battery, connected
by wires with a fulminating cap. Lying
on top of ihe apparatus was 4 amall pack-
age done up in tissue paper a little after
the manner of druggists in putting up pow-
ders.

On the under side of the cover near the
centre was glued a small piece of cork —
a section three-eighths of an inch deep
cut from a cork of an inch diameter. The
purpose of this bit of cork apparently was
to act as a buffer. Another buffer was
glued to one of the corners of the cover.
This was a triangular piece‘of pine 14
inches deep.

POLICEMEN WARNED TO LET IT ALONE.

Judge Rosalaky backed out of the room
as soon as he had had a good look at the
cohtents of the box and called up Polios
Headquarters on the telephone. One
policeman arrived in a very few minutes
followed by six or seven others. Two of
them were uniformed policemen. The

 

 

 

others were detectives from the West |

; 126th street station under command of
Detective Captain Tunney.

When the policemen entered one of ’

them moved to pick up the box iying on
ithe library table, Judge Rosaleky intet-

don't want your life endangered.”
The detective laughed and started again
to pick up the package. Judge Rosalsky
said afterward that all the policemen
seemed ready enough to look into the
|box of their own accord, but that he
idemurred, since none of them was an
expert in explosives,

INSPECTOR GORS AT IT WITH A JACKKNIPR,

One of the policemen then telephoned
to the Bureau of Combustibles and the

‘bomb remained on the table until In-

spector Owen Eagan arrived a little after |

le o'clock, The inspeotor looked. tuo

,

gh the usual chantiels |

a pasteboard box of the usual white paper .

that unless |