"
t

ane

= Se Sere

= Me

=e

Pate Shee Ot

 

   
   
  
 

 

   

 

VOL. ~~ NO. 302

BRYAN'S GLAD HAND 18 :

   
 

AE’S ALL OONCILIATION TO HIi8
ANOFENT FOES.

 

President—Other Easterners Mentioned
—Proposed Effort to Get Hearst Into
the Feid-~Bell for Temporary Chairman.

Gray Would Guilt Him Firet Rate for Vice-

Denver, June 27.—The committee on
arrangements of the Democratic national
committee this afternoon selected Theo-
dore E. Bell of California as temporary
chairman of the convention. Bell was
the Democratio candidate for Governor
of his State two years ago, but was
defeated by W. R. Hearst, who, by
nominating « Hearst candidate, brought
about the election of a Republican Gov-
ernor, notwithstanding the efforts of Bryan
in Bell’s behalf.

There ia not a mother’s son of a Demo-
orat who doesn't believe that Bryhn will
be nominated on the first ballot, and yet
the antis are keeping a stiff upper lip and
doing their prettiest to look oomfortable.
The situation is a good deal like that at
the Republican convention in Chicago,
when it waa almost certain that Taft would
be nominated on the first ballot and the
grimmage came over the Vice-Presidential
candidate. i

Bryan wants harmony. He says he wants
to win and he wants the party to win with
him. He is ina conciliatory mood. He is
carrying out his word incident to the Roger
C, Sullivan situation in Illinois, which was:
“Let bygones be bygones. Let us all get
together.”

Mayor James C. Dahlman of Omaha,
intimate in a political and social way with
Bryan for a dozen years and more, said this
afternoon: “I left Mr. Bryan at Lincoln
yeaterday afternoon and I am convinced
that Judge Gray of Delaware could have
the nomination for Vice-President if he
would accept it. Furthermore, I feel that
I can say with all truth that Judge Gray's
nomination for Vice-President would be
cordially accepted by Mr. Bryan and by
Mr. Bryan’s friends in Nebraska.

“There has been some talk of Gov. John-
son of Minnesots, but it-is the opinion of
many that the Vice-Presidency should
go to one of the Eastern States. Besides,
many of Mr. Bryan's friends believe that
Gov. Johnson’s candidacy for the Presi-
dential nomination meant only that Bryan
was to be defeated by it and that there
was no real bona fide movement for Gov.
Johnson.”

The fact that Bryan would accept Gray
vas interesting information in view of the
oft repeated charge that President MoKinley
appointed Judge Gray to his life place on
the United States bench asa sort of acknowl-
edgment for Gray’s holt of Bryan in the
campaign of 1804. The _ in tone
as to Gray ie indicative of Bryan's dasire
for harmony all along the line and a united
effort to capture the Presidency, the Senate
and the House of Representatives.

Bryan’s friends here plainly intimate
that if elected he wouldn't for a second
consider Gen. Weaver or ex-Gov. Varda-
man or George Fred Williams for places in
his cabinet, and they add that stories of
that kind are set afloat in an effort to injure

Bryan.

State Senator Wilson of Connecticut has
arrived here and is booming State Senator
Arctkdbald McNeil of the Nutmeg State
for the Vice-Presidency. Arthur T. Peok
of Bridgeport, Conn., is anpther MoNeil
boomer. MoNeil recently defeated Allan W.
Paige in a race for Senator in Connecticut,
which was considered almost entirely Re-
publican. His friends declare that he is
one of the strongest faéters in Connecticut
and New England politéea! circles. These
men state that MoNeil is equally popular
with laboring classes and capitalists.

In a letter to friends here MoNeil em-
phaaized the fact that for the first time
since 1896 a majority of cities in Conneotiout
are under Democratéo control. He is cer-
tain that Connecticut will go for Bryan.
Bryan has been MoNeil’e close persona!
friend since 1806 and regards him highly,
but MoNet!’s availability must go through
the sifting process.

The talk of David R. Francis as Vice-
Presidential timber is again heard in the
land, and it is considered significant that
the pronounced Cleveland men, like Gray
and Francis, should come in for such favor-
able mention;by Bryan's friends.

Speaking of Grover.Cleveland, it was
made known to-day that his picture draped
in mourning is to be oneof the features
of the convention hall. It is to be placed
alongside of pictures of Thomas Jefferson.
and Andrew Jackson. Here again is a
new departure for Demooratic national
conventions of the last twajve years.Grover
Cleveland’s portrait has not adorned the
walls of a convention since the Bryan wing
gained control of the party machinery.

This incident, together with the announce-
ment by Mayor Dahiman that Judge Gray
would be acceptable as the Vige-Presidentiai
candidate to Bryan and Bryan’s friends and
the prominence of David R. Francis in the
Vice-Presidential gossip, is accepted as
indicative of Bryan's desire for harmony and
victory. But Mayor McClellan, Justice
William Gaynor and Comptroller Herman
Metz should not be overlooked in the Vice-
Presidential talk.

Coincident to the gossip over the avail-
ability of these three notable Democrats
for second place on the ticket it was stated
to-day on excellent authority that Nathan
Straus of New York has undertaken to
present the situation to William R. Hearst
with a view to inducing Mr. Hearst to quit
work on the Independence League, State
and national, and to join with his fellow
Democrats all over the land in bringing
harmony out of chaos, and furthermore to
bring Mr. Hearst into a better understand.
ing of the Democratic situation.

It is believed by all that Mr. Hearst will
eventually see his way clear to end the
Independence League movement in the
interest of a united party, and also that
many of the stiff personalities of the last
few years are to give place to something
like fraternal Democratic feeling.

Bryan is opposed to Senator Bailey as
chairman of the committee on resolutions,
and were Senator Bailey well enough to
take the place Bryan would oppose and
defeat him. Bryan believes that Senator
Gumshoe Bill Stone should head the reso-
lutions committee. Mayor F-ank H. Brown
of Lincoln, a personal friend of Bryan,
is to he Nebraska's member on the resolu-
tions committee, and Charles W, ogee

   

 

 
  

5 -___ **NEW YORK, SUNDAY. JUNE 28, 1908,—convriont, 1000, by rh6'Sun Printing and Publishing Association,
LOBB DRCLINES CHAIRMANSHIP '

throughout the convention, All of Bryan's
children are to have seats in the convention.

The negroes are to have a conference
here on July 7 with a view to organizing a

E

“How does Woodrow Wilson strike you?”

“Fine,” replied Bryan; “he strikes me
very well. In fact, he strikes me at every
opportunity ”

Col. Watterson tells his friends that on
his recent visit to Lincoln he materially
aided Bryan in framing the platform to be
adopted by this convention, and the Colonel
adds: “I never had anything to do with
the platform that the candidate who stood
upon it wasn’t a winner.”

Mayor Speer for the good people of Den-
ver to-day invited visitors to the Auditor-
jum, where the convention is to be held.
He genially pointed to the arrangements
and calmly announced that the hal) could
seat 12,2:2 persons. All admitted that the
seating arrangements were well nigh per-
fect, but it isn't necessary to be even a lay
engineer to warrant the assertion that the
hall would be packed to smotheration if
9,000 were admitted.

PRESEIDENT’S AFRICAN HUNT.

He Has Been tn Communication With Selous
and Buxton, Noted English Hunters.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tas Sax.

Lonpon, June 27.—The Edinburgh Scota-
man states that President Roosevelt has
asked Frederick Courteney Selous, the
famous elephant hunter and author, to
make preliminary arrangements for a
hunting trip in Africa and a fishing trip
in British East Africa. .

A caravan will be organized at Mombasa.
The trip will probably last eight montha.

Mr. Roosevelt, the Scoteman says, will
visit England on _ is return.

Oyster Bar, N. Y., June 27.—When
Secretary Loeb was asked this evening
concerning the report that Frederick
Courteney Selous had been empowered
by President Roosevelt to make arrange-
ments for the African hunting trip which
is tc follow his retirement from office Mr.
Loeb said that it was true only in so far
as it stated that Mr. Roosevelt had been
corresponding with Mr. Selous concerning
his trip.

“The Preaident,” said Seoretary Loeb,
“haa consulted Mr. Selous as an expert
on African hunting, and that ie all there
is to the matter. My. Selous is not making
the arrangements for the trip and he is
tot expected to be of the party. The Presi-
dent has been in correspondence with a
number of English big game hunters of
African experience, among them Edward
North Buxton.

Frederick Courteney Selous has spent
the best part of his life in south and south
central Africa, to which country he emi-
grated in 1871 at the age of 20. For many
years he made a living by elephant hunting
and later was in the service of the British
South Africa Company. He then became
a guide to the pioneer expedition to Mashon-
aland and wos a volunteer in the Matabele
wars. Among his books are “A Hunter's
Wanderings in Africa,” “Travel and Adven-
ture in Southeast Africa,” “Sunshine and
Storm in Rhodesia,” “Sport and Travel
East and West” and “Recent Hunting Trips
in British North America.”

E. N. Buxton is a keen yYollower of big
game on four continents. He is prominent
in the local politics of Fssex county, Eng-
land, and hes done much for the preserva-
tion of Epping Forest. Mr. Buxton is
about 60 years old. He has written, among.
other books, “Short Stalks” in two series
and “Two African Trips.”

 

 

 

BALLOON DROPS INTO RIVER

With Five Passengers—Aeronaut Swims
Ashore, Others Wade.

Paitapetewia, Pa., June 27.—The new
balloon Philadelphia, owned by the Phila-
delphia Aeronautical Recreation Society,
on ite initial trip this afternoon collapsed
and dropped into the Schuylkill River off
Gibson's Point.

Samuel W. King, the balloonist, was in
charge of the basket and it was his courage
that saved the party. He tugged at ropes
and heaved over ballast, ing the women
to be calm. As the car hit the water he
vaulted over the side and swam ashore.
The car then bounded upward a few feet,
sailed to the western shore and collapsed
in two-feet of water. Tho pasty waded
ashore.

The balloon after receiving 50,000 feet of
gas on the United Gas Improvement Ath-
letic Field at Point Breeze rose at 2:60
o'clock. Its pilot was the veteran aeronaut
and the passengers were Dr. Thomas E.
Eldridge, president; Dr. George P. Simmer-
man, vice-president; Mrs. E, Rockington,
secretary of the Philadelphia Aeronautical
Recreation Society, and Mrs. Carris E,
Kilgore, a woman lawyer.

“ The big bag seemed to be sound when
it was released. It went straight up 8,500
feet until a southeast wind blew it to the
northwest, while the crowd cheered, Sud-
denly the bag seemed to burst and a great
volume of gas poured out. The basket
swung about and the craft fell rapidly to
the river. yi

WOMEN DEMAND WATER.

Protest Against Christening Battleship
North Dakota With Champagne.

Wasuinoton, June 217.—President Roose-
velt has received a petitiow signed by
twenty-three women of North Dekota pro~
testing against the use of champagne in
christening the new 20,000 ton battleship
North Dakota, now building at the yards
of the Fore River Shipbuilding Company
at Quincey. Mass. The North Dakota will
probably be launched next fall.

The battleship Kentucky of the Atlantic
fleet ia the only vease! in the navy which was
christened with water. The Kentuckians,
it was said at the time of her launching,
hated to see good booze go to waste.

DE
i,

 

 

  

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

TAFT, WRIGHT, WARD AND KEL-
LOGG AT SAGAMORE HILL.

 

Refusing Job of Campaign Manager Loeb
Says He's Going to Quit Public Life
—Taft Makes a Broad Oifer to Him
—Chairman Will Be Selected on July 8,

Oyster Bay, N. Y., June 27.—The con-
ference at Sagamore Hill to-day in which
President Roosevelt, Secretary Taft, Gen.
Luke E. Wright and National
men Frank B. Kellogg of Minnesota and

W. L. Ward of New York took part failed
to pick a chairman for the Republican
national committee.

In the course of the session, which lasted
throughout the luncheon hour, the chair-
manship was offered to William Loeb, Jr.,
the President's secretary, who promptly
declined the honor, giving as his reasons
a determination to go into business as soon
as President Roosevelt retires from office.

Secretary Taft has always been kindly
disposed toward Mr. Loeb. He is keenly
appreciative of the work that the Presi-
dent's secretary did for him in the early
stages of his boom, and when Secretary
Loeb stood firm in his refusal of the chair-
manship Candidate Taft turned to him and
said: :

“Secretary Loeb, if Iam elected President

you may have any place that it is in my
power to give.”

In reply Mr, Loeb assured Secretary Taft
that he was fully determined to enter pri-
vate life at the expiration of President
Roosevelt's term of office and that he looked
for no reward for any services that he had
rendered or might give during the cam-
paign.

Whether or not Mr. Hitchoock’s name

was considered at the conference could not
be learned, but the fact that Mr. Kellogg
tock a prominent partin the discussion and
was the last to leave the Hill would seem
to indicate that there ia a prospect that the
engineer of the Steam Roller will recon-
sider his refusal. The matter will not be
finally decided until July 8, when the sub-
committee of the national committee meets
with Mr. Taft in Washingtoh. The date
for this consultation, which had been set
for July 1, has been changed to allow Mr.
Sherman, the Vice-Presidential candidate,
to attend.

Secretary Taft, somewhat. worn after
his experience with Yale '78, but still smiling,
arrived at Oyster Bay on the 10:11 train
this morning with his successor, Gen.
Wright. After luncheon and a three hour
chat, during which the affairs of the War
Department were disoussed with the Presi-
dent and Gen. Wright, Secretary Taft
climbed on board one of the big Secret
Service autos and departed in a dust cloud
for Jersey City. He took with him Mr.
Ward, who went as far as New York. -

Mr. Taft refused to talk politics or to tell
much concerning the happenings at the con-
ference on the Hill. He answered al) ques-
tions about politics with the Taft smile.
Tt was like putting questions to a genial
clam wrapped up in an automobile duster.

Candidate Taft received quite an ovation
when he arrived. Oyster Bay had heard of
his coming, and all of the flags and bunting
used when President Roosevelt came to
town last Saturday were taken out of the
moth balls and displayed for the Secretary's
benefit The crowd at the railroad station
was not quite so large as the one that greeted
Mr. Roosevelt, but it was just as eager to
shake hands. Mr. Taft makes a great hit
with the fomen. All of Qyster Bay's
lovelinees was there on the station platform,
a little shy at first because Mr, Taft is not
quite so woll known here as Neighbor
Roosevelt, but when it was seen that Mr.
Taft smiled the hand shaking began and
ended only when he olimbed into the waiting
auto,

“He is such a nice man,” said one maiden
‘who had baaked for a moment in the smile,
“and not half as fat as the pictures.”

Gen. Wright was quite overlooked in the
rush to seo Mr. Taft, but he appeared to
be happy too as he climbed into the
automobile to wait patiently while Mr. Taft
had his picture taken. Before starting
for Sagamore Hill Secretary Taft promise
the newspaper men that he would not
run away without walting to be inter-
viewed, as hoe did once last year. He was
as good as his word, and when it was decided
that he should make the trip to New York
in the automobile he insisted on driving
to the railroad station, where the men were
waiting.

“Gen. Wright and myself talked over
War Department matters with President
Roosevelt,” he said when questioned about
the conference. “There was not time
enough to go thoroughly into the business,
so Gen. Wright is to come down to Wash-
ington on Monday to finish the talk. We
will go over the work in all its details then,
and I will clear up the work of my office.”

A question about the chairmanship of
the Republican national committee brought
out the smils again.

“It does seem to me that I heard an echo
of that matter,” remarked Mr. Taft, and
then turning to Mr. Ward he asked “Didn't
you hear the report too?”

‘ But Committeeman Ward only gazed
| up at the blue sky and answered nothing
| Frank B. Kellogg, national committee-

LS

man from Minnesota and trust buster in
chief to the Administration,and W.L Ward,
national committeeman from New York,
arrived in Oyster Bay about two hours
after Secretary Taft and Gen. Wright A
Secret Service automobile was waiting to
| carry them to Sagamore Hill, but Mr. Ward
| was 60 afraid that Mr. Kellogg might di-
vulge something that he rushed him into a
haok and was off before the White House
messenger could announce “The carriage
waits, my lord!”

Linooln Steffens, magazine writer, and
Robert Bridges of Scribner's, who had heen
invited as luncheon guests, occupied the auto,

They passed the twonational committeemen

before they were out of the village, but did | deci

not offer them a lift. Mr. Ward and Mr,
Kellogg were a bit late for lunch, but then
they had more time to admire the view on
the three mile drive, ;

After Secretary Taft and Mr. Ward had
left in the Government auto soon after 2
| o’clook Gen. Wright started for Port Wash-
| ington, where he is to spend the week end

with W. Bourke Cockran and Gen. Ide, :

whom.Gen, Wright knew in the Philippines.
Gen. Wright had nothing to add to Secretary

 

“
ses

amen peers

 
 
  

TORNADO IN MINNESOTA,

 

Several Towns Badly Damaged—At Least
6 Dead in Clinton.
MINNEAPOLIS8, June 28.—The southwest~
ern portion of this State was swept by a
tornado late last night. ‘
Clinton, a town of 500 people was almost
totally destroyed,
Six persons are known to be killed and
many are injured. Scores are homeless
Several other towns are also damaged.
The extent of the damage is hard to as-
certain as the telegraph wires are down
over a large extent of country.

DROWNS WITH HER BROTHER.

 

|
| Tuckahoe Girl Tries Vainly to Save Little
Boy From a Quarry Hole,

Mount VKKNON, June 27.—Margaret
O'Rourke, 17 yoars old, in trying to save
her eight-year-old brother, Robert, drowned
with him clasped in her arms at Tuckahoe
late this afternoon.

Robert had a habit of going in swimming
in a marble quarry hole near his home
without his mother's permission. This
quarry contains a basin surrounded by
marble walls thirty feet high and at the
bottom there is a pool of water twenty
feet deep. To-day Robert with several
other youngsters was splashing about in
this pool when he slipped off a rock and
disappeared,

One of his companions ran to Mrs.
O'Rourke's i.ome and told Margaret that
Robbie was drowning. She ran to the
hole and in order to reach the water she had
to climb down a steep ladder fastened to
the marble wall. She dived into the poot
and seized her brother. She could not
awim, and before help could reach her she
disappeared.

Robert L. Packard, proprietor of the
Tuckahoe Limekiln and Lumber Company,
dived into the water and brought the two
bodies to the shore. They were sfill alive
and efforts were made to resuscitate them
by rolling them on a barrel, but the efforts
were unavailing.

 

SENATOR CARMACK BEATEN.

Gov. Patterson Apparently Renominated in
Tennessee—Gaines Loses.

MeEmpuis, Tenn., June 27.~Democratic
primary returns from sixty-two of the
ninety-six counties indicate the renomina-
tion of Gov. R. M. Patterson for a second
term over former United States Senator
E. W. Carmack. In the Tenth ward of
Knoxville the votes of W. S. Shields, Editor
George Milton of the Sentinel and Alderman
J. H. Welcker, veteran Democrats, were
challenged and bloodshed was narrowly
averted.

At midnight the Patterson people claim
10,000 majorit¥. John Wesley Gaines, who
for twelve years has represented the Her-
mitage district in Congress, is. probably
defeated. His competitor was Joseph W.
Byrne, a young lawyer of Nashville.

The principal issue in the campaign was
State prohibition vs, local option, Senator
Carmack standing for the former and Gov.
Patterson for the latter. In Nashville to-
day 1,500 women and ohildren marched
through the streets singing hymns.

Women served lunches at the polls.

Gov. Patterson showed his greatest
strength in Chattanooga, Memphis and the
larger towns. He carried the Nashville
district by from 500 to 1,100 majority.

 

POWDERED EGGS A SUCCESS.

Proved to Be as Good as Fresh Eggs on
the Battleship Fleet.

WASHINGTON, June 27.—Powdered eggs
used by officers and men of the Atlantic
fleet on its long cruise around South America
have proved a great success. This article
of diet, according to reports received by
the Paymaster-General of the Navy, met a
crying need and has established itself as a

t food staple under circumstances
where it is impoasible to obtain fresh eggs,
The only complaint against the use of
powdered eggs was on one of the battleships
where the men said that
made a
eggs.

The officer in charge of this ship went
ashore and purchased sixty dozen fresh
eggs, which were made into omelettes and
served without the knowledge of the ship’s
company. After this meal the protests
were more vigorous than before and the
chef went back to the use of powdered oBRe
Toward the end of the cruise the jackiea
could not tell the dityerence between an
omelette ade of fresh eggs and one of
powdered eggs. Powdered eggs also are
satisfactory when served in cakes and pud-
dings. Henceforth powdered eggs will be a
staple food in the navy.

TO TEST ARMOR PLATE,

Long Attack Contemplated by
Department.

fresh eggs
better omelette than powdered

Distance
the Navy

Wa4sHINGTON, June 27.—A long distance
attack on armor plate is under consideration
by the Navy Department. It is planned
that the range shall be 5,000 or 6,000 yards
in order that data may be obtained as to
the effect of striking armor plate at probable
battle range with a velocity which is not
theoretically applied, as is the case of short
range firing with diminished velocit;

The teat, it is believed, will settle the
differences which exist among naval exe

perts as to the effect of striking under such
conditions, and it will show definitely also
whether a projectile can pierce the plate at
lo range and what effect the rotation
and velocity of the shell will produce.

 

LYNCHED BEHIND A CHURCH,

Two Negrocs Hanged With Their Own
Chains for Assauiting a Girl.
Waycress, Ga., June 27,—Two negroes
were lynched in the rear of the Baptist
Church in this city at 8 o'clgok to-night
by a mob of at least 1,200 people.. The
oes were Walker Wilkins and Albert
er, Who were charged with kidnapping
and assaulting the thirteen-year-old ~
ter of Wiley Wainright, a
lives near Hickox.
While the two negroes were being
lynched here a third negro suspected o
complicity in the outrage wes lynched
new itn ond Bak brought here
y an er were t
to-day and jailed. This afternoon it was
ded to remove them to Jesup for safe
koe ing. The Jesup train was late and
while officera were waiting at the sta-
tion a crowd-disarmed the officers and
took the negroes to the rear of the church.
There was no rope so a chain looked
| around one of the negroes was broken and
tused. One of the Bogroee was swung
about three feet from the Be the
chain. The other was stilt hand ed to
the body of the swinging negro. The mob
men opened on the negroes with guns and
revolvers,

ne;

planter who

 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
   

 

ONE OF THE NEW MOTORS SPLIN-
TERS AN OLD CAR.

 

Train From South Ferry Stepped on the
Down Graio at 101st Street and Train
From City Hall Hit it—Motornian’s
Controlicr Sipped and Sct the Brakes,

A collision high in the gir on the Third
avenue division of the elevated railroad
yesterday afternoon not only frightened
all the passengers in two upbound trains
but so startled the neighborhood that sev-
eral thousand people living near Third
avenue and 10ist street left their homes
and their work and rushed toward the ave-
nue and up to the stations nearest the orash.
Firemen 4nd policemen came also. Traffic
on the elevated road and for a time on the
Third avenue surface road was brought
to a standatill.

The elevated road at 10ist street is about
on a level with the third stories. At this
altitude a wreck seems even greater to
the people on the sidewalk and in the build-
inge than to the people in the trains eo far
above the sidewalk. The neighbors im-
agined the train passengers as in immi-
nent danger of being catapulted into the
street, Their fears were intensified when
they saw two wheels of a car truck pro-
jecting over the street, the truck of one of
the wrecked cars having been thrown so
far out that it broke through the guard
rail A dozen persons on the train which
was run into were badly enough hurt to
receive the attention of ambulance surgeons,
although only two went to the hospital

The accident happened at 4:20 o’olook.
A three car train from the South Ferry was
on its way up from the Ninety-ninth street
station. Following it a seven oar train
from City Hall had just left Ninety-ninth
street. The leading train was not crowded,
and the other was.

For some reason not immediately ex-
plained the first train came to a standstill
when ite last car was about at 101st
street. There is a steep down grade to the
north here. When the motorman of the heavy
seven car train saw that his leader was
stopped ne had not time to stop his own train.
His motor car was one of the new heavy
ones, No. 1612. The rear car of the leading
train was one of the old oars of the system,
No. 987, much lighter. The impact when the
heavy motor car and the old timer met
smashed the old car much as though it had
been a pasteboard box for more than a
third of ita length. Sides and flooring gave
way, the roof fell in and the rear trucks
were knocked so hard and so far that they
broko through the guard rails of the foot-
path and overhung the street. Fortunately
they made such a connection with the third
rail as to cause a short oirouit, which,
through the automatie safety device in
use on the road that acts whenever there
is an overcharge of power, instantly cut
the current from the live rail all the way
through that block, or some of the fright-
ened passengers who fled precipitately from
the trains, irrespective of the guards, might
have got themselves into trouble. The col-
liding motor car was not much injured.

Probably not less than seventy-five per-
sons in these two cars were severely shaken,
and the police record of only thirteen badly
enough hurt to raquire attendance from
the ambulance surgeons is a piece of good
luck for the travellers as well as for the
railroad.

The people as soon as they could get
themeelves together began scrambling
down from the cars to the footpath. The
firemen put up their ladders promptly and
helped some of the pagsengers down. Others
made their way to the Ninety-ninth street
station, The police arrested the motorman
and conductor of the following train. They
hed a talk with the motorman of the lead-
ing train, but did not detain him. Thev
also set the people who had gathered on
the platforms moving as well as those
who had assembled below, and presently
traffic on the surface, which had been
blocked, was resumed. Traffic on the ele-
vated was interrupted for less than
forty minutes, Ninety-ninth street being a
junction station, with switches just above
it permitting trains to move from the
side tracks to the oentre track and other
switches below the 106th street station
for similar purposes. As soon as these
were in operation upbound trains were
switched around the wreck.

The motorman of the leading train,
Matthew Kelly, reported that his controller

] had slipped off ita button and that this set
the emergency brakes automatically. Will-
iam Howard of 1968 Third avenue, 33 years
old, was the motorman of the following
train. No statement from him was made
public.

The injured attended by the ambulance
surgeons were John Baumann, 41 years old,
of 2252 Second avenue, whose left leg was
fractured and who was taken to the Pres-
byterian Hospital; William Shaw, 48 yearsold,
a jeweller, who lives at 262 Mulberry street,
Newark, whose head and legs were bruised
and who was taken to the Harlem Hospital;
Jacob Kroll, 28, of 687 Kast Thirteenth
street, who was hurt trying to protect.his
two children in the rear oar of the first
train; Lucy MoKeever, 24, of Unionport;
Edward Clifford, 66, of 141 Barolay street,
Flushing; Frederick de Filipi, 47, of 20096
Third avenue; Harry Goldberg, 18, of 1935
Third avenue; Catherine Donnelly of 82
Arch street, Newark; Eflis Zaffe of Brook-
lyn, Meyer Laveen of 286 Henry street,
Meyer Rosenthal of 115 Cannon street,
David Kietelmann of 540 East 120th street
and Charles Moore of 211 East 104th street.

The old steam locomotive 64 was put at
the work of drawing the wrecked cars from
the dead section of the electric line. \

$20,000 FOR PONY Foug.,

Alfred G, Vanderbilt Gives Record Price
for Metvalley's Wonders.
Special Cable Dénpatch to Tam Sun.

Lonpon, June 24.--At the Olympia Horse
Show to-day Alfred G. Vanderbilt pur-
chased the famous pony four-in-hand team,

| Melvalley's Wonder, Melvalley’s Won-
| drous, Melvalley’s Wonderful and Mel-

 

 

 

  

BLEVATED SMASHHURTS MANY |‘°°" 47

 

THIRTY-FOUR PAGES.

CLEVELAND BIER.

  

 

t Roosevelt Addressed the Old
Cabinet Members, Jndson Harmen Says.

Crmomnats, June %27~—-Judge Judson
Harmon, who wag Attorney-General under
Grover Cleveland, returned to-day from 2
hurried trip to Princeton to attend the
Cleveland funeral, To-night he said that
just before the funeral services President
Roosevelt sent for all the members of
President Cleveland’s two Cabinets present
and addressed thern as all stood with bowed
heads around the bier.

“When wo were all in the room in which
the coffin stood he made a very brief and
informal address to us,” Judge Harmon
said. “It was not an eulogy—just a few
tender words, spoken while standing with
the rest of us. The entire affair was in-
formal.

“President Roosevelt probably did not talk
three minutes, but what he said touched us
all. He was deeply impressed. He spoke of
the good deeds of the friend that had gone
on before, pointing as he spoke at the
casket. He told of Mr. Oleveland’s aims
and his struggles and of his painless death.
No one else spoke.”

TO TAKE A CHINESE BRIDE.

Callfornian to Marry a Beautiful Cousin of
the Beautiful Afongs.

San Francisco, June 27.—Rockwell 8.
Chapman, a chubman of this city and agent
of the American La France Fire Engine
Manufacturing Company of Elmira, N. Y.,
will soon marry Miss Amey Anin, whose
father is one of the richest Chinese mer-
chants of Honolulu, while her mother is a
full blooded Hawaiian woman. She is
related to the famous Afong family, into
which three American naval officers have
married. She is an acoomplished girl and
like several of Afong’s daughters, who are
also of mixed Chinese and Hawaiian blood,
is beautiful.

 

 

 

ALARM OVER POPE’S HEALTH.

He Won't Obcy Doctors and May Have an
Attack of Gout.
Special Cable Deapatch to Tum Sun.

Roms, June 27,—The Pope’s health is
indifferent and an attack of gout is feared
because he has failed to heed the acivice of
his physicians. He is determined to de-
acend into the tomb of St. Peter to-morrow
and pray at the apostle’s tomb according
to the yearly custom.

A CRESCENT SUN TO-DAY

With Crescent Dappies of Light Among
the Leafy Shadows.

The weather to be olear this
morning and between 10 o’clook and 1
o’clock the sun will be in partial eclipae.
In this neighborhood it will, when the eclipse
is at its height, about 11:30 A. M., appear
as a crescent with the points turned down-
ward, The exadt¢time of beginning in this
Oity is %:51 A. M. Standard time and the end-
ing is at 12:64 P.M. When the light from this
orescent sun shines through foliage upon a
walla little distance away the dapplesof light
among the.shadows, usually circular, will
now be little crescents, with the pointa
upward, being reversed images of the sun,
The interstices of the foliage operate as
pinholes in a sheet of paper might do—as
simple lenses, reversing the figure.

 

 

 

 

NO ROOM FOR LANTRY

On Any Tammany Train to Denver, Al-
though Featherson Is Provided For.

In the trains which will carry the Tam-
many delegates and followers to the Denver
convention no accommodation has been
provided for Frank Lantry, ihe leader
of the Sixteenth district, and his district
contingent.. Maurice Featherson of the
Twentieth and his men have been provided
for, and the assumption is that while
Charles F. Murphy has made up with
Feathersor. he still is out with Lantry.
Featherson and Lantry were the two
district leaders who sided with Mayor
McClellan when he fell out with Murphy
and who led the movement for the ousting
of Murphy from the leadership of Tammany
Hall. Although the delegates will not
etart for Denver until July 3, Charles F.
Murphy with a small party of friends will
start next Tuesday. Murphy will make
his political headquarters at the Brown
Palace Hotel, where three :ooms have
been reserved for him. For his personal
quarters two rooms have been taken for
him at the Hotel Shirley,

WHALES ESCORT A SHIP.

German Freighter Brings a Story of a
Novel Expertence.

Boston, Maes., June 27.-The German
freight steamship Barcelona, which arrived
this morning from Hamburg, reported
racing with a school of whales for nearly
sixy miles. Capt. Filter declared that he
never saw whales so bold. They com-
pletely surrounded the vessel, swimming
along with her and apparently enjoying
her company.

The captain said there were fuily thirty
whales in the schoo] and that some of them
were very large. Two of them swam di-
rectly ahead of the vessel, while the others
ranged themselves on either side and
without any exertion kept up with the
freighter, which was logging about twelve
miles an hour.

PENSION FOR MRS. CLEVELAND.

Following Precedent, Congress May Vote
Her $5,000 a Year.

WASHINGTON, June 27.—It is thought
likely that Congress will provide a pension
of 65,000 a year for Mrs. Grover Cleveland,
following precedent. Mrs. Garfield has re-
ceived a pension of $5,000 each year since
1882. Mrs. Harrison, the only other Presi-
dent's widow now living, was not pen-
sioned, but she was Mr. Harrison's second }
wife and married him severe] years after |
his term as Prosident expired.

In cases heretofore where President's |
widows have been pensioned it happened |
that the President had also been a sokdier,
but the pension was not granted on account
of his military service. While Mr. Cleve.
land had never done military duty he was |
none the less commander in chief of the |
army and navy, The rate of pension which
Congreas has habitually granted to Presi-
dents’ widows is $5,000 a year. It was in
1882 that the precedent of granting this
sum was established.

 

 

 

 

 

 

|

 

 

to-morrow;
lay an | light |

   

4
id

Town 2, 1000,

  

 
       
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
     
    
      

    

 

       
 

    

SYRACUSE WINS”
‘SMASHING RAG

Leads Columbla by 15 &

Across the Finishing ting
at Poughkeepsie,

CORNELL A -CLOSE

 

eee

F or Three Miles the Shells Are ti
by a Few Feet and Each Has s Chai
at the Bridge—Syracuse and © ‘
Fight Stabbornly for a Mule With Syria
cuse Just Holding the e-
nell Loses Four Oared Race te Gyr
Through Striking Bucy, and Fea
Youngaoters Easily Take Ives

PouGuERRPaiIn, June 37.2
great in the history of boat racing:
Hudson was swept back to be merely
ocre by the wonderful race of the +
eights thie afternoon. The contests
and 1007 were tremendous until to-di
Now they are merely ordinary. Bor thn
good miles of the four thié afternoon
a slice of water showed between the
crew and the fifth of the varsity
Syracuse was first when they came to
bridge and Cornell was last, but it ,
last_ that meant nothing but forty
the most.

It is at the bridge that the teat: oo a
because the crews that have come that far
have still another mile to go, and it takess
wonderful boat to stand the pace thas:
set for the first three miles of the race ta
and still be able to answer that call
comes as the boat slides under the
of the towering structure.

And when that call came this afters
there were two that could notanswer. F
sylvania, almost always the pacan Pe,
and Wisconsin, rowing hard all tho Wi
along#ide the Quakers, both gave up. They
had had and there was nothing
could do. Away from them swept the tha
others, Syracuse leader by a quarter let
over Columbia, and in back Cornell
that Cornell which Courtney said did.
have a chance hanging like grim
lapped on the Columbia boat. It
man's race from. then on, -something t
made the people in the observation
and on the shore sit silent with hands tigh
clenched and every muscle tense and
for fear that a motion or a ory might
rupt that wonderful alignment and
chances of the crew they hoped would wins;
There was no chance to cheer, no wish &
do so.

THE FIGHT FROM THE BRIDGE,

Down from the bridge they swept, en
etroke seeming as if it must be the last
any crew of human beings could take. @
moment it looked as if Cornell were comin
up; another it looked ag if Columbia 1
overtaking Syracuse. liut never, n@
did those Syracusans relax; they were m
of iron and tireless. They held themall
and every stroke they took was enough
keep their advantage the same. g

They used to say that Jim Ten Eyck,
was nothing but a single souller, that §
couldn't stroke a sweep crew for four t
and make anything like a showing,
they'll have to take that back now, b x
he put that Syracuse crew over the tne
winner by fifteen feet from Columblay
And Columbia was just a length the better 6
the Ithacans, the men who Courtney sald
would be lucky if they didn’t finish le
Straggling in behind the Ithacans, any’
tance ycu like, were the Quakers (Penna
vania), the crew that set most of the pal
for the early part and backed itself toa t
in so doing. Lest of all came Wisoor 4; ‘
which blew up at the bridge when lakiiaghy: é
the old man of the river—34 he collapsed. :
and almost fell out of the boat at the thisa”
roile mark. ee ies

It was a race rowed from thé start ‘wasn
all the ferocity that trained men can #
into their struggles; When the gun flash
the Badgers dashed forward, ort
odd to the minute and determined @§ ql
hazardstolead. The Pennaylvanias foughi
their way up alongside afid there’y x. ;
mighty a battle between these two in thal
stage of the race that the others apr
nowhere. Syracuse, away out in he
stream and getting all the strength of tf
tide, was the only crew that seemed to im
anywhere in it. Columbia was Yow
sluggishly and with Cornell was back, a
even before a half mile had been cove
these two orews appeared to be almost ¢
of it, They elipped back until open:
almost showed Almost, but not ¢

SYRACUSE JUDGED WELL, 9)

It was a foolish race that these two Grw
rowed, They stayed in their own wi
almost on the slack, and fought their hua)

ae

nace

0 a

2g

sed
“i

      
     
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
   

‘Bee,
Bab

  
      
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

<

ae a
Bice ey

there rowing away than his father, wih
was in the oovaching launch that ravi
hind. His was the brain that
the race for Syracuse and his the will pow
and the endurance to stroke a race th
went the pace that killed. 3

off for the benefli of the others, Ally a
they. were doing, although it didn’t appe i
so then, was to make pace. Syracuse tw
the best judged race, and so WOH a
It was all Jim Ten Eyck, Jr.. The ated ae
| was all his, They are longheaded and oak e
culating folks these Ten Eycks, aad ae
are watermen of old time. It isg hae ©
that young Jim was a lot coolet ag hie a a

OC AE, uy