————
YO], IXXIV——NO, 172.

 

 

 

AS SUPT. KBLSEY ON TAB RACK |

CoV. HUGHES SUBJECTS HIM TO
A SEARCHING EXAMINATION,

 

pre en we

|
‘

ieteeecameantl

 

FOLLOWED HER DEAD “RALPH.” | TRIED BLU

 

Mrs. Raucdoy Shet Herself and Left Letters
Behind te Explain.

The body of Mrs. Bertha Bauduy, a

daughter of Charles Sawyer, a wholesale

lumber broker in St. Louis, was found yes-

Gets From His Own Lips Evinence That He | terday noon in her furnished room at 346
Is Unfit to Have Charge of the In- West Fifty-eighth street with a bullet wound

surance Department—Kept Men = ifn
amce Whe Falled te Repert the Scan-

j

in ber head. Near her lay a revolver.
Coroner Shrady said the woman had been
dead more than twenty-four hours. It

dais That Afterward Shocked the Pubife. | is thought that she shot herself on Satur-

ALBANY, Feb. 18.—-From the lips of State
fuperintendent of Insurance Otto Kelsey
Gov. Hughes this afternoon drew the fact
that he was wholly unacquainted with the
work of the departtnent over which he
has charge.

Never before in the history of the State
has there been such a scene as was wit-
neased in the Executive chambers this
afternoon. Facing the Governor from
one side of the big desk in the audience
room of the Executive chamber suite sat
Mr. Kelsey. It was pitiful to many, while
to others it was a epectacie that they
realized was brought on by himeelf. As
unexpectudly as was the Governor's re-
quest for Mr. Kelsey’s resignation two
weeks ago came the move of the Governor
to-day. This morning he notified Mr.
Kelsey that he would give him a hearing
in the Executive chamber at 2:30 o’clock
this afternoon, and promptly at that hour
the Governor began the cleverest cross-
examination that was ever heard in the
State Capitol.

The summons to appear before the
Governor came as @ complete surprise
to Mr. Kelsey. He had to appear without
counsel and offhand answer the questions
put to him by the Governor. And the news
that the Gevernor was going to examine
the officer he will seek to remove on ac-
count of incompetency spread through-
out the Capitol. While the large audience
room was filled it was quite noticeable that
eome State officeholders were conspicuous
by their absence.

The few members of the Senate who
were in town flocked to the chamber.
Senators Franchot and Hooker, personal
friends of Mr. Kelsey, were the first to go to
the chamber and they listened intontly to
the examination. Senator John Raines
came in a little later and took a seat at the
left of the Governor and he studied Mr.
Kelsey closely. Senators Page and O'Neil
were alao present, as were Assemblymen
Prentice, Moreland and Burnett. The
examination consumed an hour and a half
only, but it was one in which not a second
was lost. The rapid fire of questions never
ceased, except when explanations were
given, and not onoe did Mr. Kelsey make
an explanation that satisfied his questioner.

KELSEY'’S INCOMPETENCY REVEALED.

The examination revealed two things.
One was that Mr. Keleey has read neither
the testimony taken by the Armetrong in-
vestigating committee nor the report of
the committee. The other was that, aside
from knowing where his office is, Mr. Kelsey
has no idea of the workings of the State
Insurance Department.

At the outset it was plainly to be seén that
the Governor was going to show in his
questions that no Superintendent of Insur-
ance could successfully administer his
office with the old employees who had
permitted such irregularities still retained.
The Governor made it plain that he didn't
think that Bob Hunter, the First Deputy,
was & proper man to be in the State Insur-
ence Department. And although Isaac
Vanderpoel had resigned a month ago,
the Governor thought Mr. Kelsey lax in
that connection also.

Mr. Kelsey has until to-morrow to make
en additional statement if he sees fit. The
Governor told him he didn’t want a long
argumentative answer trying to justify what
he hasn't done. After that answer is re-
ceived the Governor will prepare his mes-
sage to the Senate asking for the removal
of Mr. Kelsey. The request will be based
upon the examination given Mr. Kelsey
this afternoon.

Mr. Kelsey's loyalty té“the old machine
was pathetic. He said he intended to
get rid of Bob Hunter, but he wasn't
going to humiliate him.

WARNED TO CLEAN HOUSE, BUT DIDN'T.

On the desk in front of the Governor
were six volumes of the testimony taken
by the investigating committee, be-
tween leaves were slips of paper, ich
the Governor used as markers, and when
he wante! to ask Mr. Keleey a question he
would merely turn to the insurance testi-
mony This was supplemented with
rumerous letters and reports of the In-
turance Department, and that Mr. Kelsey
had been warned to “clean house” long
#20 was brought out by the Governor's
Questioning.

It was shown that the Governor, Senator
Armstrong and Mr. Kelsey disouséed in-
*urance matters last June at the meeting
of the New York City Bar Association.
At that time the Governor, then plain At-
torney Charles E. Hughes, advised Mr.
Kelsey to dismiss Hunter and Vanderpoel,
and Senator Armstrong did likewise. Mr.
Kelsey said he remembered that Senator
Armstrong had advised him in that manner,
but had forgotten whether the Governor
did. At that time Mr. Kelsey informed
them that he was going to make changes
in his department, and to-day he admitted
to the Governor that not a single change
bad been made by him since he assumed
office nine months ago.

When the examination began Mr. Kelsey
asked that he should have counsel, but
the Governor assured him that counsel
would do him no good, but he told Mr.

that if the inquiry should take such
& turn that he should consult with counsel,
he could have the opportunity Mr. Kelsey
said that he would have erred to have
the examination vate, but Gov.
Hughes answered that he thought it best
% have it as public as possible. And ar-
rangements had been made for the fullest
Publicity, even to having stenographers
Present to furnish the reporters with a
Stenographic account of the examination.
NEVER READ COMMITTER’S REPORTS.

By way of introduction of what was to
come the Governor asked Mr. Kelsey if he
had read the report of the investigating
Committee. Mr. Kelsey said he had as
it appeared in the newspapers. ‘The Gover-
tor said he didn’t mean the report from
time to fime; he meant the report as sub-
mitted to the Legislature. Mr. Kelsey

Continued on Third Page.

 

Deerfoot Farm

Sac sages.
[cade of the tendet meat of little and choice
Berea is ed ete oe tee

tuk dy &

aad tit i seid Sut) yo

day night. ,

In her room were several letters.
was addressed to her father.

“It ia not money that is troubling me,
80 don’t reproach yourself,” was her mes-
sage to him. _

A second letter was addressed to Mrs.
Catherine Frank, who runs the house.
In this she wrote: “Ralph died to-day
and there is nothing further for me to live
for. That's all.”

She also left instructions for Mrs. Frank
to notify Mrs. Katherine Croasdale, a friend
of hers who lives at 966 West Fifty-eighth
street, and not to touch anything in the
room until Mrs. Croasdale arrived. A
letter addressed to Mrs. Croasdale also said
that “one dear to her” had died and that
she had nothing to live for.

Ralph Tilton, son of Theodore Tilton,
died on Saturday and was buried from the
Church of the Transfiguration on Monday.
In the letter to Mrs. Croasdale, Mrs. Bauduy
wrote that the person to whom she re-
ferred was to be buried on Monday at that
chupoh. At Mo. Tilton’s houge no one could
be found who knew of Mrs. Bauduy.

Mrs. Frank said that she saw Mrs. Bauduy

Jast on Saturday and at that time the young
woman told her that she had lost a very
dear friend. Mrs. Frank became alarmed
yesterday and broke the door in. Mrs.
Frank said the woman had lived there for
several years and that she was employed
in the Adams Express Company's offices.
The landlady said further that Mrs. Bauduy
had a husband living. Mrs. Frank said
she never had seen the husband.
Coroner Shrady said last night that he
had also found in Mre. Bauduy's room a
letter written to her recently by her father.
In this letter Mr. Sawyer said that he was
going to send her some money. The Coro-
ner has in his possession another letter
from Mrs. Bauduy to a doctor in Mamaro-
neck, written apparently only a short time
before she shot ‘herself. The Coroner
refused to tell the doctor's name, but he
said that the letter is practically the same
as the others which she wrote to her friends
indicating her intention to commit suicides
A despatch from St. Louis last night said
that Miss Bertha Sawyer was married to
Louis Bauduy. Her family is said to
be prominent in that city.

SMOOT WILL WIN.

Poll of the Senate Discloses That He Wil
Have About 24 Majority.
Wasuinoton, Feb. 18.—A careful poll
of the Senate to-day disclosed the fact
that not to exceed seven—probably only
six—Republican Senators will vote for the
resolution to unseat Senator Reed Smoot of
Utah, the Mormon apostle. At least seven
Democrats will vote for the Utah Senator;
and one other, Clark of Arkansas, has ex-
preseed an intention to refrain from voting.
There are several doubtful Democratio
Senators, but the poll made to-day ac-
counts for every Republican Senator except
La Follette, who may vote against Smoot.
If he should so decide there would be seven
of Smoot’s Republican colleagues voting to
unseat him. In addition to La Follette,
these Senators are Burrows and Smith of
Michigan, Hale of Maine, Hémenway of
Indiana, Dupont of Delaware and Hans-
brough of North Dakota, ’

The Democrats who will certainly vote
to allow Mr. Smoot to retain his seat are
Teller, by pairing, and Patterson of Colo-
rado; Daniel and Martin of Virginia, the
latter being absent, but paired; Carmack
of Tennessee, Clark of Montana and McEn-
ery of Louisiana.

Leading Republicans estimate not less

One

 

 

than twenty-four majority in favor of
Smoot. Senator Depew, who had been
classed as anti-Smoot, has surprised and
angered those who are opposing the Mor
mon apostle, by declaring for Smoot.
Speeches on the Smoot case will be made
to-morrow and Wednesday, and the vote
will be taken Wednesday afternoon at 4
o'clock.

MAN SEIZES GIRL’S PURSE

And Escapes Inte s Wood—Four Similar
Robberies In a Week.
Gresnwicn, Conn., Feb. 18.—A man this
afternoon held up Margaret Tomney, a
fourteen-year-old schoolgirl, within 100
feet of her home, near the Fairfield County
Golf Club, grabbed her pocketbook and
took to the woods.

Sheriff W. E. Ritch and officers were
summoned and the woods are surrounded,
In the morning 4 search will be made.
The purse contained only 8 cents and
a silver chain.

Four women have been held up in a
similar manner by a man who was de
scribed as of the same appearance as Miss
Tomney’s assailant within a week near
here.

FIREMEN FOR GIRL ABLAZE,

Man Who Sent In Alarm Apparently Thought
It Was for Kitchen on Fire.
Thomas Royal of 136 Vroom street, Jersey
City, saw flames in the kitchen of James
K. Murvhv’s home at 110% Vroom street
last night and sent in an alarm. The fire-
men found Murphy's sixteen-year-old
daughter on fire, her skirt having caught
while she was standing near the kitchen
stove. They amothered the fiames and
sent the girl to the City Hospital. She
wae badly burned on the head, arme and
y-
—_———

Captain Cornelius Vanderbilt.
Lieut. Cornelius Vanderbilt of Company
D, Twelfth Regiment, has been unani-
mously elected Captain of Company F, to
succeed 8. 8. Stebbins, who resigned to
devote more time to his business. Lieut.
Vanderbilt bee Bees in charge of oeeeny
F for several . He joined the regi-
ment on September 2, 1901, was elected

December 2, 1902, and
an

 

 

 

 

First Lieutenant on
on December 31, 1904, he was appointed
aide-de-camp to Gov. Higgins.

Memorial to Russell in Saint Paul's.

9 Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Lonpow, Feb. 18.—The authorities have

sanctioned a memorial of the late Sir Will-

iam Howard Russell, the noted war cor-

respondent, in St. Paul's Cathedral.

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
“Ite purity has made i¢ famous,.”" Ads.

 

 

ng
m Bi hi she
Rui ki. ae

 

ys

ease

 

M’CLELLAN MEN SWARM AT A
LITTLE SPECIAL MEETING

 

With Geme Sort of a Plan to Vete Them
selves On to the General Committee
Roll, but an Automatic Cuteff At-
tached to the Machine Was Working.

The supporters of James Ahearn, who
has been certified by the Board of Elections
as having been elected leader of the Nine-
teenth Assembly district at the last primary,
thought they would give Charles F. Murphy
& Uttle surpriae last night, but they didn't
manage it. Ahearn is a McClellan man
and Murphy is preventing him from taking
hia seat in the Tammany executive commit-
tee by the device of a committee on con-
tested seate that won't pass on the case.

Last night there was a special meeting
of the general committee of Tammany
Hall to fix dates for the primary and the
convention to select a candidate for the
Assembly for the Fifteenth district. This
was merely a formal matte& and in the
expectation that only a few members would
attend ell Ahearn’s district committee

appeared in a body to put through a resolu-
tion that their names be put on the rolle
of the general committee, or at least to
make an overwhelming noise to that effect,
backed by their certificate of election.

Mr. Murphy, who was at his desk in the
Fourteenth street headquarters, got an
inkling that something was to be sprung
upon him when he saw the big delegation
of Ahearn men troop in. Among them
were Commissioner O'Brien of the Depart-
ment of Water Supply, Gas and Electricity
and Frank M. O’Brien, the Mayor's private
secretary, both of whom are members
of Ahearn’s general committee. The meet-
ing was called for 7 o'clock, but it was not
held until an hour later. In the meantime
Murphy had sent out scouts to bring in
more Murphy men, but at 8 o’clook the
meeting had to be held, because the hall
had been let fora danoe. Then Mr. Murphy
directed J. Sergeant Cram to call the meeting
to order, but to allow no business to be
transacted except the business for whioh
the meeting was called.

Mr. Cram followed instructions. Almost
before Secretary’Tom Smith had finished
reading the resolution for the calling of the
primary and convention Mr. Cram, strik-
ing the table with his gavel, announced
“Motion carried” without waiting for a
mover or seconder. Richard E. Weldon,
the chairman of the Ahearn general oom-
mittee, jumped to his feet and running
toward the platform called out “Mr. Chair-
man, one moment, please.”

“Motion to adjourn is adopted! ” exclaimed
Mr. Cram, with another bang of the gavel,
and he walked abruptly from the platform.

Turning round to the committeemen in
the room; Mr. Weldon shouted: “Is this a
Democratic gathering? Is this the kind
of treatment you dught to get in a Demo-
cratio orgemiention?” Facing around
again to the platform and pointing to Mr.
Smith, be said: “I demand that the secretary
note on the record of this meeting that I
am here as a member of the Demooratic
general committee of the Nineteenth dis-
trict.”

Several other members of the Ahearn
contingent uttered protests, but mostly
behind the departing backs of Cram and
Smith.

The idea of the Ahearn men was to get a
roll call and, if the names of the Ahearn
committee were not on the roll, to hand up
the certificate of the Board of Elections
showing that the Ahearn committee had
been elected over the Murphy crowd and
then to insist on voting to put themselves
on the roll.

The primary will be held on February
25, between 8and 7 P. M., and the convention
on the same night at 131 West Sixty-fourth
street.

MGR. KENNEDY NOT TO BE BISHOP

Pope Wishes Him te Stay at Head of Amor.
ican College—Archhishop Quigi¢y’s Trip.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Lonpon, Feb. 18.—The Most Rev. Dr.
James Edward Quigley, Archbishop of
Chicago, has postponed his intended visit
to Rome and has decided to make a trip
through the Holy Land. He took 6
on the White Star steamship Republic,
which sailed from Naples yesterday. The
Republic while entering port yesterday
came into collision with the Italian steam-

 

 

‘ship Centro America but did not sustain

any damage, hence her departure was not
postponed. Archbishop Quigley wired to
Mgr. Kennedy, rector of the American
College in Rome, assuring him of his safety.

Mgr. Kennedy will leave to-night for
America. He expects to return by May 2.
The Very Rev. Dr. J. P. Farrelly, spiritual
director of the college, will take his place
as rector during his absence. Mgr. Ken-
nedy had an audience with the Pope this
morning. The Pope wished him @ pleasant
voyage and a speedy return.

Tae Son correspondent is assured that
the report that Mgr. Kennedy is to be ap-
pointed to a bishopric in America is un-
founded, as the Pope wishes him to remain
rector of the American College, where his
services are considerably appreciated.
At the audience he had with the Pope to-
day Mgr. Kennedy presented Miss Iselin,
Gen, and Mra. Draper and Miss Thouran.

PUT THE ASSEMBLYMAN OUT,

Objected to Leaving Enclosure Before
Magistrate House.

Magistrate House, in the West Side
court, was interrupted several times yes-
terday afternoon by noises in the court
room. He rapped for order. Sergeant
Meehan of the court squad, looking about
him, saw a lawyer who was engaged in
talking inside the railing to two men
charged with being pickpockets and with
the policeman who had arrested them.

L. hb omoer, have no wee

talking oo! re

7 omens are arraigned. You'll have to
it at once,” said the sergeant.
“Oh, well, f » that other fellow
has it already,” sergeant said the
lawyer exclaimed, motioning an-
other lawyer.

The sergeant then started to clear the
enclosure of all the persons who had no
business there.

Assémblyman Bohan was one of the
lawyers in the court. He protested. All

 

 

the lawyers got outside the rail quick!
except the mblyman. He depa
only after the sergeant him out
thro the gate and cal @ policeman
to ¢ him sit down.

 

DEWEY'S “BRUT OCUVER” CHAMPAGNE

ws. F Bee Pers Go's iss Felton Ox, How Vern:
Adv. :

an tS alias hey i STi als
: .

TUESDAY, FEBR

FF ON BOSS MURPAY |

|

_—_—_—_——— Ce

UARY

1907.—covvriont

 

19,

SENATORIAL COURTESY.

rbane Celioquy of the Gentlemen From
Oregon and Indiana.

Wasnrnaron, Fob. 18.—An unsuccessful
effort was made in the Senate to-day to
fasten upon one Senator the distinction
of being “a warm member.” Vice-Prosi-
dent’ Fairbanks was not in the chamber
at the time, having relinquished the chair
to Senator Gallinger.

Senator Beveridge sought to Interrupt
Senator Fulton of Oregon. The Oregon
Senator agreed to yield, but “not for a
speech.” This angered Mr. Beveridge,
and he sharply resente1 it.

“The Senator needn't get so heated,”
© served Mr. Fulton.

“It’s the Senator from Oregon who is hot,”
retorted Mr. Beveridge.

“Oh, no,” replied Mr. Fulton, “I am per-
fectly cool. On the contrary, the heat
of the Senator from Indiana fills the cham-
ber. It radiates in all directions.”

Later in the debate Mr. Fulton adverted
to the fact that Mr. Beveridge had said
that he was a farmer, and said the Senator
had deserted the farm for rolitics. “I
cannot imagine the Senator from Indiana
going on a far Western farm where no
one could hear the sound of his voice.”
[Laughter.]

“If I could go somewhere and avoid
hearing the sound of the voice of the Senator
from Oregon I would go gladly,” retorted
Mr. Beveridge.

“I oan understand how one so pleased
always to hear his own voice would desire
that all other voices be silent,” replied Mr.
Fulton.

“We hear the Senator's voice too often
here in the Senate,” snapped Mr. Beveridge.

EX-GOV, HIGGINS'S WILL,

Pubiio and Charitable Bequests —Widow
Residuary Legatece.

Ovean, N. Y., Feb. 18.—The will of the
late ex-Gov. Higgins was admitted to pro-
bate by Surrogate Davis this afternoon.
Bequests of a public or charitable character
are as follows: 7

The Rushford, N. Y., Cemetery Associa-
tion, for the purchase and improvement of
adjoining lands, $500; for the improve-
ments of the cemetery at Centerville, Alle-
gany county, provided that a cemetery
association be legally organized within one
year, $300; to the Forman Library of Olean,
for the purchase of scientific and historical
books to be selected by the widow and sister
of the testator and the sister's husband,
$2,000; to the Western New York Society for
the Protection of Homeless and Friendless
Children, at Randolph, N. Y., $5,000; to the
Olean General Hospital, $10,000; to the
trustees under the will the sum of $10,000,
the income of which is to be expended by
them in maintaining and beautifying the
Olean City Park.

Bequests are made to the testator's
rector, personal friends, employees and
servants. ‘Trusts are created for the benefit
of the testator’s wife and children and his
wife is made the sole residuary legatee.
The executors are Frank L. Bartlett and
N. V. V. Franchot, who, with the testator's
brother-in-law, Frank S. Smith, are named
as trustees under the will. Neither shall be
requiréd to giv® bonds. The executors are
vested with the power to sell real estate.

DATE FOR HARRIMAN HEARING,

Interstate Commerce Commission Will Re-
new Its Inquiry Here on Feb. 25.

E. H. Harriman has been notified to ap-
pear before the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission on February 25, when the investiga-
tion into the Harriman lines is to be resumed
in thie city. Mr. Harriman has been under
the jurisdiction of the commiasion since the
last week in December. The subpona
served recently is simply a notice of the
day for him to appear.

Among the others who have been sub-
poenaed is Otto H. Kahn, managing partner
of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. It has been said that
Mr. Kahn brought Mr. Harriman into
prominence when in 1898 the Kuhn-Loeb
syndicate purchased the Union Pacific and
urged his election to the presidency. The
commission desires to examine Mr. Kahn,
it ia believed, on the financial operations of
the Harriman lines. -Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
have been fiscal agents for the Harriman
lines for the last nine years.

“I shall be very glad to appear and tell
the commission all I know,” Mr. Kahn said
yesterday.

Areport that William Rockefeller had also
been subpcenaed was circulated again yes-
terday. Mr. Rockefeller has been accessi-
ble ta the servers since the investigation
began, but no process, it was learned last
night, has been served upon him.

BRIANDS POLICY ADOPTED.

French Cabinet Votes for Church Conciita-
tion —Soctalists Hostile.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sun

Parts, Feb. 18.-—The Ministerial barom-
eter once more registers “set fair,” but
whether it reached this position naturally
or was forcibly placed there will not be clear
until after to-morrow’'s debate in the Cham-
ber. The Cabinet met informally at noon
to-day, when, according to the Petit Parisien,
M. Caillaux, Minister of Finance, drafted a
paragraph referring to liabilities for repairs
to churches, after which it was decided that
M. Briand’s conciliatory policy should
become the policy of the Cabinet, and that
he alone should present it to the Chamber
to-morrow afternoon.

The Radical! Socialists met this afternoon
and opposition was developed to Parliament
deciding or modifying the leasing contracts,
it being held that this was the action of a
concordataire character, while if the formula
was left to the Mayors and clergy it would
be an entirely private transaction.

The Matin says it understands that the
Ministers have agreed upon a policy which
will satisfy the Republican party’s exigen-
cies. It adds that Prime Minister Clemen-
ceau will speak in the Chamber to-morrow
afternoon.

INTEREST IN UNKNOWN FRIEND.

School Receives S200 Gift and Letter of
Praise Through President Roosevelt.

Mrppigssoro, Ky., Feb. 18.—There is
much speculation at the Grace Nettleton
Memorial School and Orphans’ Home at
Cumberland Gap as to who is the unknown
friend of the institution who has forwarded
a donation of $200 through President Roose-

velit.
ived by Misa

 

 

 

The letter which was
Emily Winters, matron of the institution,
speaks in praise for the work done by the
achool. As Mrs. velt was once a
pupil of Miss Winters it is thought that
possibly she is the giver.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Se La Gescogne, Havre, February 0.

 

 

Burnett's Extract of Vanilia
» ew and strength preeminettly supesiog,

Saw Ba Toes be ‘at Papi Li

$50,000,000 P. R. R. NOTE ISSUE

OR THEREABOUTS EXPECTED IN
THE NEAR FUTURE.

 

Part of It Likely to Be Placed Abroad
—it Win Be a Matter Entirely Inde-
pendent of the Authorized Addition
of #200,000,000 to Bonds and Stock.

Plans are under consideration by the
Pennsylvania Railroad management and
bankers who usually act aa fiscal agents
for the road for the placing of a loan which
will not be in excess of $50,000,000 but very
likely will not fall far short of that figure.
A part of the loan, it is expected, will be
placed abroad, and unless there is a change
in present plans the money will not be
raised under the authority to be granted
by the stockholders on March 12 for the
issue of $100,000,000 additional stook and
$100,000,000 additional bonds.

That the Pennsylvania contemplated the
raising of money for equipment and con-
struction work has been known for some
time, but it was believed that provision for
the bettermnents would be made from the
issue of the new stocks or bonds or con-
vertible bonds announced in the financial
plan approved some time ago by the direc-
tors. Since the money is to be raised with-
out reference to this plan and the company
has no treasury stock or bonds available
the new financing will be in short term notes,
debentures or notes secured by car trust
certificates. A report that the issue would
be in the shape of $50,000,000 car trust certifi-
cates was denied very flatly yesterday by
officials of the road in Philadelphia.

The time of the issue as well as the exact
form will depend upon general monetary
conditions. It may be brought out in a
week and it may not be brought out before
a month. In all probability, however, the
loan will be completed before the stock-
holders’ meeting on March 12.

. The purposes of the loan, it was said,
correspond generally to the statement of
financial requirements made by the late
President Cassatt soon after the floating
of the $50,000,000 Paris loan in June, 1906.
The company would need, he said, $50,-
000,000 to retire notes maturing November
1, 1907, and in 1907 and 1908 about $40,000,000
to complete the New York terminals. A
division of the latter item between 1907
and 1908 equally would make about $70,-
000,000 to be raised this year, and it isa cer-
tain that at least that much will be raised
before the year ends. On the other hand,
the financing of the immediate future
will not be extensive enough to take care of
the entire $70,009,000 and very likely will
not be designed to take up any portion of
the notes due in November.

The reason for the proposed temporary
abandonment of the plan for raising money
by either bonds or stock is believed to be
the success attained by the New Haven
in floating $29,000,000 debentures abroad.
It may be considered, it was pointed out,
more advantageous to place notes or deben-
tures sow; while the foreign market is
accessible, than to wait until later and
attempt to raise a much larger sum in one
lump. ‘At any rate it appears to be prac-
tically decided that the directors will not
utilize the authority to be conferred in the
$100,000,000 stock and $100,000,000 bond
matter until late in the year.

 

TURPENTINE TRUST FINED.

Omecers and Underlying Concerns Plead
Gullty and Pay $30,000.

Savannag, Ga., Feb. 18.—-E. P. Shotter
and J. F. C. Myers, chairman of the board
of directors and vice-president of the
American Naval Stores Company, as in-
dividuals, and the S. P. Shotter Company,
the Patterson-Downing Company, theStand-
ard Naval Stores Company and the Belgian
Company as corporations forming the
turpentine trust, pleaded guilty in the
United States Court to-day to indictments
charging them with conducting a turpentine
trust, in violation of the Sherman anti-
trust law.

They were fined $5,000 and costs each
by Judge Speer.

The indictments against the other de-
fendante were nollied, as it was stated by
Assistant District Attorney Akerman that
they were not principals in any of the
transactions, but merely employees. The
fines aggregated $30,000.

This turn in the case had not been antici-
pated, although it was known that Mr.
Shotter and his-counsel had made a trip
to Washington to see the Attorney-General
regarding the turpentine trust investiga-
tion.

Judge Speer administered a severe lec-
ture to the defendants in passing sentence.

The sentences do not affect the American
Naval Stores Company, recently organized
by the consolidation of the S. P. Shotter
and Patterson-Downing companies. The
business of the consolidated concern is
construed as being within the law.

CORNELL EXPEDITION,

Party to Visit Asia Minor and the Assyro-
Babylonian Orient.

Itmaca, Feb, 18,—A Cornell expedition
to Asia Minor and the Assyro-Babylonian
Orient has been organized by Prof. J. R.
Sterrett of the Greek department and the
party will leave Ithaca for the East on
Maroh 2. A group of New York financiers
have subscribed most of the money which
will be needed to fit out the expedition.
Among the subscribers to the fund are
W. K. Vanderbilt, Andrew Carnegie, Jacob
H, Schiff, James Loeb, J. P. Morgan, H. C,
Frick, Mortimer L. Schiff and James Still-

man.
The men who will make - the perty are
Dr. A. T. Olmstead, a fellow in the
School of Archmology in Jerusalem; B. H.
Charles, assistant in Semitics at Cornell,
ead 3. » wreee h, until ne ae se
n European history in the University
Wisconsin. Dr. C. O. Harris, a fellow in
the American School of Classical Students
at Athens, wil) meet the party in Constanti-
nople and accompany them on the trip.
object of the expedition is to mak
an accurate survey of the sites of the ancient
cities which they will visit, to locate them
accurately and toconstruct maps for accu-
rate data. The old inscriptions will be
translated and copies brought back to
America. The State Department has ar-
ranged to secure the necessary paasportes
for the explorers.

 

After all, USHER’S the Scotch
that made the highball famous.—Ads,

SPRCTAL TEA NTOA mics o
WA INGTON ® AY vam
i New York Thu F
Pe setve sia Reaeees. at i: '° ° Breast
et r

Cte e aes SESE

"Weaeetns ered :
[easier ee re

Tee eh

Ur Tee ee here

Toxspar, Fasrvanrr 19, 1907.
Fair and warmer to-day; snow or rain
and colder to-morrow.

 

1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

RUSSIA-ENGLAND-~JAPAN,

 

New Triple Alliance Reported From S8t.
Petersburg —Friendly Negotlations.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Lonpon, Feb. 19.—A St. Petersburg
despatch to the Times says that some of the
newspapers there made the sensational
announcement that the Government ia on
the eve of concluding an agreement with
Great Britain and Japan.

It is true, adds the correspondent, that
negotiations with both Japan and Great
Britain have been progressing very satis-
factorily. This probably explains the origin
of the announcement.

REQUISITION FOR H, C, PIERCE.

Texas Asks Missourt to Give Up Ot) Man
Charged With Perjury.

JRFFERSON CiTY, Mo. Feb. 18.—Gov. Folk
at 8 o'clock to-morrow afternoon will hear
argumente against honoring a requisition
from the Governor of Texas for H. Clay
Pierce of St. Louis, chairman of the Waters-
Pierce Oil Company.

The indictment which acoompanies the
requisition charges that Mr. Pierce on
May 31, 1900, made a false affidavit that the
Waters-Pierce Olt Company had not entered
into any agreement to regulate the price
of any article or commodity.

It further charges that at the time Pierce
made the affidavit he knew that the com-
pany had entered into an agreement with
the Standard Oil Company, John D. Rocke-
feller, John D. Archbold, H. H. Rogers and
others to control the price of oil in Texas
and that the Standard Oil Company had ac-
quired a controlling interest in the Waters-
Pierce Oil Company.

Attorney-General Hadley probably will
represent the Texas officer at the hearing.

Clay A. Pierce is reported to have said this
afternoon that his father was in New York.

 

 

FOR NEW POST OFFICE,

 

Postmaster Wiileox Confers With City
Members About the Appropriation.

Wasnhinaton, Feb, 18.—Postmaater Will-
cox of New York arrived in Washington
to-day. Haq came over to confer with New
York city Members concerning the status
of the proposed appropriation for the post
office building to be constructed at the
Pennsylvania terminal. Unless action is
taken at this session work on the project
will be delayed at least a year. Post-
master Willcox believes that at least a
million dollars should be made available
for the purpose at this seasion. The in-
dications are that the House will do noth-
ing. An effort will therefore be made
to get a start in the Senate. It is expected
that Senators Platt and Depew will be
able to land the appropriation.

NONE BUT AMERICANS,

Raliway Trackmen Would Excinde Aliens
From Employment.

Caicaao, Feb. 18.—None but American
citizens will be permitted to work as section
hands on railroads if the new labor union,
embracing all section hands employed
on railroads West and Southwest, succeeds
in getting ite demands granted by the
general managers’ committee. The men
want a wage scale of $75 a month for fore-
men and $2 for a day of eight hours for
track laborers.

The grievance committee arrived in the
city to-day to open negotiations with the
general managers. The committee waited
on the chiefs of the various railway unions
and asked for assistance in securing recog-
nition of their organization. They prom-
ised close affiliation with the older organi-
zations.

RICH MEN FAIt. TO ANSWER.

Threatened With Contempt Proceedings
as Delinquent Jurors.

George W. Vanderbilt, Ernst Thal-
mann and Edward Wasserman failed to
answer yesterday when their names were
called as jurors in Justice Marcus's part
of the Supreme Court. Justice Marcus
was recently assigned to this department
from Buffalo. He instructed the clerk
of the court to notify the three men that
unless they appeared in court this morning
they would not only be fined but attach-
ments for contempt of court might issue
against them. The fine in each case may
be $260.

DERIDED WOMAN CABRBY,

Parisian Crowd Shook Bowdy Driver From
His Scat and Police Arrested Him.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.

Paris, Feb. 18.The troubles of the
women cab drivers began the first day they
were allowed to drive. Mlle. Chernier was
driving her colleague, Mme. Dufan, for a
trial trip when a male rival derided her
verbally and then tried to crowd her cab
onto the sidewalk.

The people who witnessed the affair
sympathized with the women and a number
of them seized the springs of the man’s cab
and shook the vehicle so vigorously that
he fell from his seat.

A policeman appeared and took the man
to the police station, using Mile. Chernier’s
cab for the purpose.

ROOSEVELT COMMENDS KNOX,

President Praises Argument in Behalf of
Senator Smoot of Utah.

Prrrapura, Feb. 18.—President Roose-
velt has commended Senator Knox for the
speech he made in the Senate in behalf of
Senator Reed Smoot in which he set forth
the Utah Senator’s right to his seat.

Judge James 8. Young to-day returned
from Washington, where he was Senator

 

 

 

 

 

 

Knox’s guest.
“Senator Knox,” aaid Judge Young, “has
received letters from t people

nited States, in-
cluding the President himself, and they all
commend him for the ability he displayed
and for his courage in taking his stand on
the question.”

GOULD HOUSE IMPROVEMENTS.

Plans fer Changes Costing $100,000 Soon
to Be Filed.

Plans wil] soon be filed with the Bureau

of Buildings for an addition and exten-

sive improvements that are being planned

 

 

Horace Trumbauer of Philadelphia ig the

architect.
The new ition will be at the rear of
will be a

|
'
sh cit e <p 4“

eR thei i f w |

PRICE TWO CENTS.

THAW WILL AND
CODIGIL LET IN

Provision Made to Sue White
and Another Man for
Ruining Girls.

 

[FEARED UNNATURAL DEATH.

Testator Set Apart $50,000 to
Prosecute Any One Suspected
of Kiting Him.

These Provisions Were the Result of an
Unsound Mind, the Experts Aver —They
Also Tell of Talks They Had With Thaw
in the Tombs tn Which He Told of His
Efforts to Bring White to Justice—Had
No Idea of Killing White, but Provi-
dence Came Along and It Was Done
Maybe It Was Best That Way—lHiis
Insane Delusion of a Conspiracy to
Railroad Him to an Insane Asylum
—Delmas SUI! Capiain of the Defence.

The will and codicil made by Harry K.
Thaw gn the night ho marrie:l Evelyn Nesbit
in Pittsburg, on April 4, 1905, were admitted
in evidence yesterday afternoon at his
trial for the murder of Stanford White.
It was only after a struggle on the part of
the defence that the will was admitted.
It is the contention of Thaw's lawyers that
these two documenta show conclusively
that Thaw believed the story that his wife
has testi. d she told him about Stanford
White.

In the codicil Thaw set apart $7,600 for
legal expenses to obtain from White and
another man, whose name is mentioned
in the will but was not read in evidence,
damages for having deooyed five girls to
an apartment which was used for orgies
“by several inhuman scoundrels.” The
five girls Thaw named, but the names
were kept out by consent of counsel on
both sides. In addition Thaw astipu-
lated that $2,500 each was to be paid to
seven men, including Dr. Parkhurst and
Anthony Comstock, to prosecute Stanford
White and the other man for their behavior
toward young women.

One section of the will, from the stand-
point of the defence, shows that Thaw
feared death in an unnatural manner.
He provided that should he die under
suspicious circumstances $50,000 was to be
used in investigating his death and prose-
cuting the person suspected of killing him.
Of course it will be the contention of the
defence that Thaw feared White or an
agent employed by him.

Thaw's wife was to get $5,000 a year in
lieu of dower, $12,000 a year more if she
remained unmarried and $4,000 a year fnore
if she married. In case Thaw's wife died
before him he fixed an annuity of $500 on
Howard Nesbit.

More testimony bearing on Thaw's in-
sanity three months before the shooting
was introduced yesterday. The two ex-
perts, Dr. Evans and Dr. Wagner, testified
that in their opinion he was insane in the
Tombs on September 19. They told of
conversations with Thaw in which they
say he declared that he tried to get evi-
dence against White; that he wanted to
land him in jail, where he would suffer
from the humiliation of public exposure.
But he had no idea of killing White before
the shooting. He didn’t believe in killing
men, but Providence came along and wiped
White out. He wasn’t sure that it wasn't
the best thing, for then White was out of
the way for good.

Thaw also talked to these experts about
a conspiracy on the part of his own lawyers,
Distrfet Attorney Jerome, De Lancey Nicoll
and other friends of White to railroad him
to the insane asylum geo that he could not
have a public trial and disclose what White
had done. This, the expert said, was one
of his insane delusions. The provisions
of the codicil, they also opined, were the
result of an unsound mind.

Having laid the foundation for more
testimony from Evelyn Nesbit Thaw, the
defence felt last night that she would prob-
ably go on the stand this afternoon. But
Thaw’s case has been so wretchedly pre-
pared that there is no telling when a slip-
up may come in their plans.

Delphin M. Delmas, the Californian;
continued to conduct the defence. Henry
C. McPike sat, as usual, at the Thaw counsel
table. There have been dissensions be-
tween the lawyers, but there was no open
sign of hostility yesterday.

WHAT THAW TOLD THE EXPERTS

And Referred To tn Hig Will About Stan-
ford White’s Practices.

Interest at the two sessions of court
yesterday was about ey divided be-
tween Dr. Britton, Dr. Evans’s account of
what Harry Thaw told him in the Tombs
concern’ng Stanford White and the dis.
closures of the provisions of the will Thaw
executed on April 4, 1905, the day he married
Evelyn Nesbit.

About everything that Dr. Evans said of
his talks with Thaw was borne out by the
testimony of Dr. Charles C. Wagner, super-
intendent of the insane asylum at Bingham-
ton. Thaw told the experts, they swore,
that he had been persuaded that it was hig
duty to expose the c-imin_i methods of

 

 

 

SHORTEST. QUICKEST FLORIDA nOUTY.
ehurst, Camd
r“vechonavins,  SBoe, ist by mage

——

“ sty