oints,

all River
ee days
SCLLLA

— Leave
only,
SHIRE.
ve Pier
at 8:30
DF WOR-

. R., foot
Svamer

r Service,

‘UT
rom Pier

York, a

    

Purser's

1
S, except

 

POINT,
days, 5
SOA.M

ON
$1.60

Street.
ranklin.

RICH-
. aso P.
connec.

ot Troy*
tdatiy 4
pns to all
EAMERS

ore throat,
m plaints,
t vitality
to mar
D ODR
than apy
i for mar
i71 West
dvice “ree
a
altet in
permanent
r to men,
Ader trou.
outh, bad
to mart
is the old
of cay
11%) Bast
i 8 Sun
ec = Med
red
succes!
blished £0
mimediate

rs’ e&pe'
ran

 

Unsteb
wm pletely
psultation

20 ath
apecialist,
eas guar

; pain

2iat at

+

 
 

 

 

VOL. LXVIII,—NO, 242.

PRESIDENT’S TOUR BEGINS,

THE SPECIAL TRAIN LEAVES WASHING-
TON CITY ON TIME.

It Gtops at Charlottesville, Where the Presi-
dent Addresses the Stadents of the Univer-
sity of Virginia, Founded by Jefferson--A
Great Crowd Welcomes Him to Lynch-
berg, the Home of Semator Daalel,

Wrrnevinie, Va, April 20.—The Presi-
dent, Mrs. McKinley and their party left
Washington promptly on schedule time
at 10:30 o'clock this morning in the private
train over the Southern Railway which
will carry them to the Pacific Coast on a
seven weeks’ trip. The guests, including
members of the Cabinet and their wives
and friends, the railroad men in charge
of the trip and the newspaper men who
accompanied the party were at the station
promptly and no hitch in the programme
on which Secretary Cortelyou had spent
many hours of hard work in the last few
months was ocoasioned at the start,

No fairer morning could have been de-
sired, and the President, Mrs. McKinley
and all were in the most enthusiastic spirits
tn anticipation of the trip. Those who
accompanied the President seemed to feel
the greatest pleasure in his apparent en-
Joyment. The station and neighboring
streets were crowded with Washingtonians
and viaitors.

Vhe President's train arrived in Wash-
ington at noon yesterday. It was elabo-
rately decorated to-day with flowers ‘The
locomotive carried the President's flag,
and from Washington through Virginia,
where the train passed to-day, the stations
were crowded with people to see the Presi-
dent. The programme as to stops and
general schedule had been fully mapped
out. There was to be a stop of ten minutes
at Lynchburg, Senator Daniel's home,
in honor of the Senator

At 11 o'clock to-night the President had
passed over 377 miles of his tour, and had
vividly recalled some of the most notable
scenes and incidenta of his earlier career.
From the windows of his private car he
could see more than one of the historic
battlefields of the Civil War, and the train
passed within a short distance of the old
homes of Madison and Jefferson, and very
near the present residence of the daughter
of President Tyler. The large towns and
the countryside turned out to greet him

He made several speeciies, congratu-
lating the people upon the era of national
prosperity and expansion, and felicitating
the gitizens of Virginia on the effacement
of sectional distrust. The weather was
of the finest and the valleys of the Roanoke
and New rivers and the flelds of Manassas
and Charlottesville were bathed in warm
sunshine all day. The Virginians gave
the President a hospitable welcome. Fven
at Alexandria, only seven miles from Wash-
ington, where the special train stopped
for five minutes, there was a large turning
out of the population, Ashort stop was
made at Manaasas, but there was no speech-
making

At Charlottesville, the home of Jefferson
and the seat of the University of Virginia,
which he founded, the reception was par-
ticularly cordial The President heard
the university yell from the throats of
several hundred collegians before his train
stopped, and the young men applauded
Mr MeKinley’s speech with the same hearty
4 part of his brief address was
The President

 
   

 

 

 

method
diveeted to these students
b :
My Fellow Citivens: 1t gives me great
the greeting of the
people of Charlottesville and the cheers

nieasure to receive

of the young men of the University of
Virginia. [Applause.) Your — institution
is'inked with great names and great deeds,
has influenced both. [Applause ]

bal an array of immortal names Vir-
qetia holds in ber keeping to remind us
of lofty patriotism, broad statesmanship
uid noble achievements! [Applause |

te no other State of the Ameri an Union

ngs sich history to preserve and cherish

such examples to inspire and emulate,

 

 

  

 

 

Che

|

 

of other gentlemen who sought entrance,
but the gates were closed. (Laughter.
We could not open them and you wouk
not, [(Laughter.) And 80 we departed
to seek another host, if not more hospitable
less formidable than the one that greeted
us here. [Laughter.| it is a happy time
for me to come to Lynchburg now—the
war over, no exchange of greetings with
shot and shell as then, but with the friendly
welcome of ali the people, which typifies
the respect and regard and good will which
subsists between a'l sections of our com-
mon country.” (Great applause.)

Brisro., Tenn., April 20.--A number
of short stops were made this afternoon
at which no speeches were made, but where
the President shook hands with a few
of the people from the platform of his car,
There was a large crowd at Culpepper,
the home of the Hon. Alfred J. Stofer,
At Roanoke, one of the prosperous towns
of southern Virginia, the President made
this speech:

“My fellow citizens: I am informed, and
I do not wonder ai it, thar vour committee
which waa to extend meu welcome to Roa-
noke has been lost in this great crowd,
But there can be no warmer or more sym-

atheiic welcome than greets me from the
earts of your people, (Great applause.)
I congratulate you and I congratulate my-
self upon the glorious country in which
we live, and that once more and forever
we are devoted to the same cause ant lo
the same fag. [Great applause.!

“TC congratulate the citizens of this city
upon its marvellous growth and progress,
‘Twenty years vou had leas, I am told,
than a thousand people in thia community.
You have more than twenty thousand now,
and I think if a census was taken to-day
you would have a much greater number
than that. [Great applause | 1 congratu-
late you therefore upon your progress as
well a8 your prosperity

“We never had so much to do in all our
history 48 we have now [Applause | We
never had so much business at home nor
so much abroad. We never made so much,
and never sold so much as we sell this year,
{Great applause] We are expanding our
markets, our productive capacity has
become so great that we are not only able
to supply the home market, but we require
a foreign market for our surplus, and so
we are seeking the open door in the Orient
for the products of American cereals and
American labor. [Anplause.]

“What we want todo now is to be prudent
{in our prosperity, save while we can, and
be strong if the storm should come, And
they do come now and then, Whenever
it comes, let us be fortitied by the practice
of economy while we are all so well em-
ploved. [Applause] We are not only
exnanding our markets, but we are exe
panding our territory, [Cries of “good!"]
the policy of the United States has a'wass
been to keep what it originally started
with, and hold all it honorably gets. (Creat
applause,} We refused to divide our orig-
inal possessions, and we will be the last
to desert our new possessions.” [Long-
continued anplause.}

The President and party will arrive at
Memphis to-morrow afternoon at 4:20
o'clock and wi'l remain there over night
rhis is one of the objective points of the
tour, and an elaborate programme has
been acranged by the citizens, Both the
President and Mrs. McKinley are in
best of health and spirits

the

TRIFS TO SEE THE PRESIDENT.

A Lunatte From Salt Lake Taken to the Police
Staiton tn Washington.

Wasminotox, April 29,--lMarry Finkel-
stine, well dressed, about 95 years of age,
who says his home is in Cleveland, Ohto,
earrving letters of recommendation as Harry
Stone from several San Franciseo sporting
men, is under detention by the police,
pected of being insane from stafementa te

  

sUs-

 

 

 

 

 

MAYOR JONES’S FORGERIES,

_——

INDIVIDUALS AND BANKS LOSE TOTHE
AMOUNT OF 8225,000.

 

 

His Wiantngs From Bank Forgeries Alone Will
Be More Than $150,000, and He Prob-
ably Got Away With Most of This Money
~-Mortgage Forgeries Aggregate 675,000.

Litrue Faris, N. ¥., April29.-- Additional
developments relating to the wholesale
forgeries committed by ex-Mayor Hadley
Jones of Little Falls areof a most startling
nature, His scheme to bunco banks by
putting up forged certificates of stock
of the National Herkimer County Bank
of this city as collateral for loans is develop-
ing into one of the greatest bank swindling
games that has been unearthed for some
time. From the evidence now in it is cer-
tain that when the final roll call of bank
victims is made up it will be found that
his winnings from bank forgeries alone
will be over $150,000, Later developments
also tend to show that he got away with
the larger part of the money.

Jones had been engaged in forging mort-
gages for several months. He enjoyed
a high standing as a lawyer and had a large
practice. Poor widows and orphans are
numbered among his victims and new
victims are reporting almost hourly. Every
one in the county had confidence in Jones,
and among his clients were many women
having sma!l savings and they would ask
him to invest their money in real estate
mortgages. Jones would draw a mort-
gare covering some residential property,
forge a fictitious name to the instrument,
record it and then file it away in his safe
for the client. When the interest was
due on the mortgage Jones would pay
it promptly.

His scheme for swindling the banks was
one recentiy put in practice, The indica-
tions are that the proceeds from the mort
gage forgeries had been squandered in
gambling and wildcat investments His
interest account necessary to keep him
from exposure on account of the crooked
realty transactions Was growing to an
enormous figure. Then he worked out
the bank scheme for the purpose of gather
ing up a large fund with which to leave the
country

ile was able to work the bank scheme
by reason of the fact that he had in his
possession valid certifleates of stock of the
National Herkimer County Bank owned
by his wife) Mrs, Jones owned ninety-six

ehares of the bank stock, made out in series
of twenty-six shares and seventy shares
With thin stock cerlificate as a copy Jones
had a new stock book made oa the repre-
sentation that it was for the bunk Being
a reputable attorney nothing strange was
thought of this transaction. He secured
the bank seal in the same way Then he
secured a letter from the bante officers to
the effect that his wife, Mrs. kiniiy Jones,
wav the owner of ninety-six shares of the
bahk stock in series of twenty-six and
seventy shares, and-the market value of
the stock was about 107
Jonea would always ijasue the forged
k in series of twenty-six and seventy
shares, roade ou! in the name of his wife,

A

made yesterday to offlcera at the White House | toe same as the vaid shares This forged
in trying to seo the President. Finkelstine wk Was put up as collateral for com
said he must see the President before he merela! paper made by Jones if word
went on his trip, to get him to “take action | Was sent hy wire to the Nationa! Herkimer
against the Mormons” of Ogden, Utah, who | Counts Bank regarding the stock, back
he elas locked hia ip an insane asylum | would come the word that Mrs. Jones
at Provost, Utah, for eighty-three days and | held the same number of shares of stock
took all his money, $3»), for b ard | ite Thus he we inl | be able to secure the loun
there He made no obiection when stale pantiv the net oilt-edae aactrits

nee ms a Bee ) Ms Te eye iY : ! , a _
mar ro WO Utah, April 20 Harry Finkel. | of Ashtabula, Ohio. His loan at this luk
stein, alias Harry TO Stone, the lunat who | was) $000 He secured $4,000 from a
tried to see President MeKinley on Sunda Providence, Ro LL. bank, $0,000 from the

  

is a Salt. La man and hia mother |i

 

 
   

now He left here a few weeks ago, announce
ing that he intended geing to Cape Nome
Last fall he becuine temporarily insane He
was somewhat of a sport and rant poolroon,
ind attracted considerable attention by the
foolish) bets he made He was sent 10 the
insane asvl here His mental condition
improved so much that he wae released Inet
March as cured Before his commitment
to the aselum he becume violentiv i

ind tried to kil wooor Three persons in Oe
den Hia insanity, it is said, wre eansed by

an accident in which his head was hurt

VOUNG WOMEN ON A CENTURY WATK.

They Are Schoolgiris, and Expect to Do 100
Miles in Four Doves,
April 29

(Greenwreg, Conn, With knap-

sacks

 

 

heat applause] May the young men woman students of Rosemary Hall, a college
ey the State of Virginia prove worthy sons | at Rock Ridge, some from New York, are now
their noble ancestors and contribute | on a hundred-mile walking trip, admiring
ii the future, as they did in the past, to | nature as sie siniles on them. pieking wild
the well-being and honor and glory of the | flowers by the roadside, cookiag imeals in
| > pra bydic \Cireut ipplanse Ter mo | the woods by campfires and sleeping at
Assure Vou Vounm genhienen that the by aght in farn houses wherever they can tind
present and the future hold cich rewards | accommodations
for wood scholarshio, bigh character and | Phey started on Saturday afternoon, piloted
; and tha ¢
noble end ig a uel the wish whi ae hy Miss Catherine Ruuty Rees the head of the
ith, y that of ae VO ae ; :
’ ne 1 : ’ nn OW MAV have school In their kr apsacks each carried a
your full mare Prolonged applause ] a
there were loud calls Tor a speech from knife, fork, tin plate, cup and an extra pair
secretary Hay, who stood on the car plat- of stout shoes. They wore short walking
formuearthe President Mr Hay responded | skirts, awoaters, felt hats and walking boots
be introducing Postmuster-General Smith, Saturday night Round Hill was reached
‘> MOM ane s av le ore wast estonnng wine
who spoke as fo and Sunda ford y t g poln
& kee rardl iy i . y
Thi eems hardly a kindly serviea to fo-day New Canaan was reached and to-
he performed by the latest Secreta, of 7 ; i aaet On Ginih ©
. ! ywrow the irls will ata on the returr
state in the home of the first great Seere AEROS S ‘ t 7 : ;
tary of State of the United States (Great trip hey expec to cover the hundred
ipplanse ]) The present Secretary wort} miles in four days Their route is through
ily perpetuates the literary fame and the | the country the villages being shunned be-
stateemantike achievements ¢ the first | enuse potoriets not desired he century
great Secretary, who lived here and planned | wall a newdgod here
this University . ee a flireat oa; | ‘Those in thé Rosemary century walk are
“ee i , 4 ' .
pia ise | I recall that for many yeurs | sgiesas C, Ruuts Rees, G. Norton, BR. Loines
the chief officer in my depariment of the |: af ae : Tee B Von ’
public's serviee ia the citv. of Charlottr. |? Hawi , a er oxe, baa ng, ti
ie was a noble woman, the daughter of | Greeley. IL. Griffin, G. Paxton, M. White,
i Union officer and the wife of a Conted Kh. Cley, H. Foster, L. Morris, Mo MeCuteheon,
erate oMcer. [Great applause} She was | J. Hewitt, M Easton, M Bell, B Hamilton R
first appointed by Gen. Grant; and when | ilazerd, Bo Wrathbone, M. Gardner, 8. Ham
n the eariy vears of the first administra- | jp, A. adow, 1. Burpee, &. Bell, FP. Bruce,
tion of President MeKinley the suggestion |
aa J. Ring

was made of a change he answered: ‘No:
T will remove no one appointed by Gen

Grant who preserves such memories." |
{Great applause | |
senator Daniel and several thousa: 1 |
of his fellow townsmen received the Presi
dential party at Lynchburg with enthn- |
siasm Here the President made a happy
speech, ealling forth peal after peal of

laughter from the erowd by his humorous
references to the time when he was a Union
eoldier on the battleflelds of Virginia
His welcome then was loss cordial
it was to-day. There was a circus in
Lynchburg this afternoon, but Senator
Danie! told the President that the crowd
was not at the circus, but at the railroad
station

“Well, that may be due to natural causes,”
replied Mr. McKinle Usually the peonle
prefer a free show to a fifty-cent show

The President was introduced by Mr.
Daniel and spoke from the rear platform
ofhisecar, Hesaid

“Tam very giad not only to meet
people of the city of Lynehburg, but to be
presented by vour distinguished Senato
{Applause.|
interest, but only one of

pure personal

recollection, that the frat time Lever tried |

to come to Lynchburg 1 did not succeed,
laughter] came here with a number
A Letter From Baffalo Bill,

To Pond's Fatract Co, Dear Sirs: 1 consider
POND'S EXTRACT an invaluable remedy, i have
vever found its equal for invigorating the muscles,

Yours truly, W,. PF. CODY,
(Buffalo Bul.) Madison Square Garden.—Ade.

 

than |

the |

It is a matter of no public |

ANOTHER BEAUMONT GUSPER,

The Kelly Well Comes In, Showing the Ol! Fleld |

to Be a Wide One.

Darias, Tex, April 29. The Kelly well at
Rearmont came in t evening This {is
the most important etrike since the original
lucas Gusher The craze will grow now, | «
as the well proves the beid to le much wider
than any heretofore s'ruck indicated

Lhe Kelley well is the farthest removed from

the Lucas and other guvhers, in a north

course, toward the Sour Lake fleld, on

Ast-

 

 

which such large hopes have been In other

 

words, the richest section of the Beaumont
fiell seems to be northwesterly instead of
pnortheaserly from Beaumont the prepon-
| derance of expert opinion his been indorsed |
by the bringing in of the Kele i, as moat
of the expert trend has inelir the Sour
Lake locality, and most of the expert invest-
ment bas been made in that direetion

 

       

 

the fever in Dalles Is higher to-night than
fat any previous time, most of the Dallas
mis inland in the Sour Lake distrtet
well Is one of the Dewey Hev-
j wood properties, and the former Chic ‘go
comic op singer, Who a few years age
entertained Dallas audience n the atage
tis being heartily congratulated on bis good
| fortune ; ae
’ Marly in the Morning.

} ‘The new fast matl tratn of the New York Central

| with day coaches and Prilman sleeping cars tw Chi
cago, lees Grand Central Station at 3:15 A. M.

| every day inthe year. Sleeping car open at 10 P, M.

| No excess fare,--Ade,

A

=_ = eam siaincssssasceasashnecasehiipagaginasearaeemeesmicipsomapcisicecis $$$ =

in their backs two seora of fair voung |

lroy banks, $9,000 from the Long Island
City banks, $5,000 from Newburgh banks,
anda loan from Tarrytown banks. Twelve
miasing certificates of stock reman to be
reported upon The valid certificates of
stock were put up with the local banks as
collateral Twenty-six shares of the stock
are hold at the Little Falla National Bank
shares ore held by the bank
Joneville, N.Y

ind aeventy
inthe villase of St

 

His mortgage forgeries will aggregato
475.0%, but the proceeds derived from
this source has been lost in pliving the
horses and faro in Albany He had a
mania for gimbling and gained «ome
thing of a reputation as a munger in the
White House colony of sports in Albany

Ha wife's fortune of $40,000 has also been
squandered, but his bank forgeries are
f recent occurrence, and it is generally
holieved here that this fund was built up

for the purpose of leaving the country
Notwithatunding hia faulis, Jones and

his young wile were very devoted to each

other. While he forged her name to bank

hesitation
it is not be

certificates without the least

and squandered her fortune,

  

lieved that she knew anything about his
erookedness or the fact that her entire
foruine Was swept away unlil she was

summoned to the Grand Hotel in New York
on April) ona te legram to the effeet that
her husband was very sick, a
rhis telegram was @ deception, but en
her arrival the hushand tola her the story
of his downfall, which resulted in her de-
termination to stay with him and follow
him in exile
Vothing has been learned of the where.
abonts of the fugitives, but private in
| formation was received in Little Falls to
| day to the effect that
} Aqueduct track on the
} 19th, and the turther
wos aheavy winner on Gold Lack,

Jones was at the
aiternoon of the
information that he

“aiotol

age =

ORANGE SKPIIS MUST GO,

Village Improvement Soclety to Begin a War
of Fatermination,

Biol
sourn
|
|
'
}

  

 

 

  

 

Sovtn Onanor, N- J, April 29.-The
i Sou Grange Village Improvement Saciety
| has decided to rid that community of mos
| quitnes fhe following have been appointed
a mosquito exterminating committee be
gene V. Connett, Sr, Robert 5. Sinclair and
Spencer Miller
Ir the intention of the societ > ads
eate tl ybandenmer of rain barrels, the
, screening of water tanks In houses and the
nlacing of a thin laver of erude oil in cass.
yools and in pools of stagnant water where
ff in not practicable to drain them off The
village Board of Health asserts that mos
itnes » carriers of malariae and il
they breed in stagnant water
‘ ‘ lecture on mosqritees will be de
livered in the village shortly by Prof. i. 0
Howard of the Department of Agricult
Washington Prof. Howard is of the opinion
that moeanitoes do not ft ver lf a mile
although they are blown over two ormiles
sometimes He believes that the Orunwes
can be rid of mosquitoes
YALLY-HO BOWLS RUNALOUT OVER,

Collision in Central Pork Between the Good

Times and a Smaller Rig.
Waldorf-Astoria coach Times,
in charge of Driver Mataon, an English whip

The tiood

who came to this country recently, collided
yesterday afternoon in Central Park, at
Kighty-fourth street and the Bast. Drive,

 

runabout driven by James W. Rell of 4
ast 120th street. There were no passengers
in the coach, Mr. Bell was thrown out and

| his head was eut, but he was able to go home
In hisown re

nee

San Francisco,
the gateway to the Ortent, Is best reached by the
“Overland Limited” via Chicago & North Western,
Union Pacite and Southern Pacific Rye Address
{ North-Western Line OMce, 461 Broadway, -Adey

witha

 

 

‘NEW YORK, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901.—COPYRIGHT. 190),

 

 

 

MR. NATION ROBBED AT A CIRCUS.

 

Lost 673, All He Had Says He Has Known for
Some Time That His Wite Is Insane,

Manton, Ind., April 20.—While buying
tickets for himself, his sister and brother-
in-law to the cireus to-day David Nation,
the husband of CarrieNation of hatchet fame,
was robbed of $73, all the money he had
excepting 35 cents,

While paying for the tickets a crook picked
his pocket and secured, besides the $73,
a pair of cuff buttons that he prized very
highly, they being a present from lis grand-
father who served in the Indian War

John Miles, a brother-in-law of Mr.
Nation, saw a man leave the crowd hur-
riedly a moment before Mr, Nation missed
his money, and the police were notified,
but the thief has not been captured.

When seen at the home of his sister to-
night, Mr. Nation, when asked concerning
the report of bis wife's insamty, said
that he was not surprised that she
had become violent, as he had krown
for some time that she was insane. He did
not seem to be as much concerned about
his wife a9 he did the loas of the $73, which
he said he recently received from the sale
of a horse and buggy.

When asked about returning to his
wife he aaid he had only the 35 cents and
that he could not return if he wished, and
that he would remain in Marion unt!! Wed-
nesdav and then would go to Sycamore,
Ind., to visit a brother and would there
receive his pension money which will be
forwarded from Topeka, Kan.

He also said he never approved of the
conduct of his wife and was not in a hurry
to return to her.

TRIED TO BLOW UP THE STORE.

Terrific Explosion When Levy's Package Was
Thrown Into the Street.

A man, who said he was Jacob Levy of
199 East Seventy-sixth street, entered
Lubitz's shoe ators at 856 Manhatian avenue
Greenpoint, last night, carrying an oblong
pasteboard box, which he carefully placed
on achair beside him widle trying on some
shoes. Purchasing a pair of shoes, the
man asked Lubitz to tie up the old pair and
keep them for him until the following day.
He also requested Lubitz to take care of
the box, at the same time warning him to
tbe very careful of it

Lubitz refused, but the man was per-
and finally placed the box in
Lubitz's arms. He made a break for the
door, Jubitz ran forward to call him beck
when he noticed smoke issuing from the
box. Frightened almost out of his wits,
he pushed to the door and threw the parcel
into the street. The instant it hit the road-
way a terrific: explosion occurred It
alarmed the neighborliood for blocks around
and people came rushing in alarm to the

sistent,

Spol

At the time the street was @ ost er
deserted and the only one who was injured
was Joseph Goetz, 10 yeata old, of @0 Man»
hattan avenue, who was @tanding on the
sidewalk near the etore. He was so bally
hurt about the legs that he halto be taken
to St. Catherine's Hospifalin an ambulance,

After the shock of the explosion Tubitz
looked around for Levy He saw the man

irely

running down the avenir
He etarted in pursuit, and very soon
there was a big crowd of people joining

in the chase, Levy was run down after
a hunt of about a dozen blocks, and was

taken to the Stagg etree’ police station
Hy refused to answer the questions of the
police except to give his name and ad-
dress, Lubitz said he had never seen

the man before, and that so far as he hnew
no none had sufffeient animosity. aginst
him to make an attempt on his life

 

ROY FISHED UP A MAN'S Bopy.

 

FRrought to Light a Murder and Solved Mystery
of a Disappearance.

Attoona, Pa., April 20 -—-Charlea Dia-
mond, a nine-year-old) Summerhill lad,
while fishing last evening in the Conemangh
his home, hooked a trophy
which the mystery of the disap-
pearance of Jeremiah Leonard, Leonard,

Pottsville, was

River

near

cleared

whose residence Was I
a foreman employed by Contractor Ker

haugh railway fillings. Last week

he disappeared

Young Diamond thongbht he had canght
alarge fish. He pulled on his ine and brought
slowly toshore the body of Leonard, hacked
and bruised about the face by some mur
derovs weapon The boy dropped hia
pole when the body came into shoal water
and spread the alarm

rhe Coroner was notified, but no clue
tothe identity of the murderers was bro ight

on

out at the inquest
———eeeee
ZOTA'S LYRIC DRAMA PRODUCED,

 

it Is Unconventional and Je Fuciting Consider-
able Discnssion.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUS

Panis, April 2% -More than average jiter-
est wae ati ivhed to the production at the
Opéra Comiqie tort ight of the lyrte drama
“L’Ouragen,” which was fur-
niahed by Alfred Bruneau, and the libretto
by M. Zola. Both are remarkably uncon
ventional The book is anvtbing
hitherto written. It ts prose, but the ideas
are full of poetry The story is

the music of

inlike

maginative

to the Inet degree All the characters are
aymibolical jhey move in a sort of Ne
Man's Land called the “Ile de Goel” The
play is exciting considerable discussion

TO FLOAT CHINESE LOAN HERE?

Another Paplanation of Mr, Vanderitp's Trip

to St. Petersburg.
Special Cable Despatch ta Vik SUN

Panis, April 20 A cespateh f Vienna
' t is learned nt v uiree

awa Ch loan guaranteed by

vill be foate ht i nite tute Tht

ne Mr erli f« ft

United tat lreasur Dey t
St Petersburg and Berlin ts ved lve 1
eonne ton with this loan

Withdraws Io Favor of Conger for Governor,

Sioux Crry, Ta, April 20-—Former Con-
greseman George D Perkins, the tae a
candidate for Governor on the Republean
ticket, withdrew to-day owing to Mintster
Conger's return to Lowa from Pekin, and

ssurance that he would aceept the nomi

Governor, if it were tendered to

his
nation for
him

 

 

Lieut.-Col, Kiloe Elected Colonel of the 14th,

Lieut -Col. A. L. Kiine of the Fourteenth
Hegiment was elected Colonelof the regiment
Inet night to sueceed Col. Bertram T. Clayton,
who resigned on his reeeiving an appoint
ment in the Regular army. Col. Kine nas
served continuously in the regiment sinee
March 24, 1876, the date of bis enlistment as
a private, He has been Tientenant-Colonel
since May, 1895

Ivers & Pond Pianos,

Sec them at Chandler's, 430 Fulton st, Brookhya,
Ads.

 

 

BY THE SUN PRINTING AN

 
  

 

PALMA FOR PRESIDENT!
CUBAN DELEGATES SUGGESTFD THE
MATTER TO HIM JESTERDAY.

—

He and They Decline to Tell What Uis Answer
Was —Regarded as a Candidate Upon Whom
the Cenfilcting Factions Wold Unite

Gen. Porteendo on Coba's Aspirations,

 

 

The Cuban delegates who arrived here
on Sunday from Washington, on the way
to Havana, to report the result of their
conferences thera with President McKin-
ley and Secretary Poor, spent a busy
day yesterday sightseeing and renewing
some old acquaintances, After visiting
some friends in the business «istrict, three
of them, Gen, Capote, President of the
convention; Gen. Portuondo and Gen, Betan-
court went over to Governors Island by
invitation and lunched with Gen, Brooke,
whom they had met in Cuba, where he
was Governor General.

They were shown over the island, and
had a band concert given in their honor.

From Governors Island they returned
to the Fifth Avenue Hotel, where they
were met by Gen. T. Fstrada Paima, who
had come from his home at Central Valley,
N. Y., to have a conference with them.
This conference lasted nearly two hours.
Nearly all the matters which brought the
delegates to the United States were gone
over and Gen, Pa'ma's views ascertained.
Yhere is reason to believe that the subject
of the question of a fitting candidate for
the Presidency was brought up’ and that
the possibility of Gen, Palma’s selection
was discussed,

A friend of the delegates told a reporter
of THE SUN yesterday before the conference
that it was intended to sound Gen, Palma
on this as there is ai large element
ii Cuba who regard him as a candidate
upon whom all could unite. Gen, Paima’s
services here as head of the Cuban Junta
nave resulted in great admiration for him
throughout the islaid which it was said
some of the delegates shared. Gen. Patina
when asked about this laughed but would
say nothing

Gen. Pottuonds, who was Secretary
of state and Vice-President of Cuba dur-
ing the war, said last evening that he ex-
eee the convention would finish ite
abors intwo weeks at the most and a reso-
iution would be passed expressing its atti-
tude in respect tothe Platt amendment.

“When the American nation recognizes
the Cubans as an indenendent = govern-
ment,” said he, “Cuba will be ready to give
to the Americans every thing they want
not Inconsistent with their ideas of national
honor, Ninety-nine per cent. of the Cubans
want absolute independence, and by that
Wwe mean sovereignty and the right to con-
duct our own affairs abroad as well as at
home. Our preferences, of course, will
always be for America, We will never
help another nation against America, but
we want to be independent in the conduct
of our affairs

‘Personally Tam
country will recog
dence and will receive
at Washington and announce it vo_ th
world, If that occurred after the Platt
amendment had been accepted the ques
tion js would the other nations recognize
Cuba's Independence in view of (hat amend-
ment. ‘There are doubts in our minds on
this point. However, I believe it will all
be settled satisfactorily and that the fall
will seq Cuba's first national election.”

sure now that this
ze Cuba's indepen-
its representatly

 

Taat night the delegates went to the
opera To-day they will Junch at the
lawyers’ Club with R, A, C, Smith and

Will be presented by him to the Stor k Fx
change in the afternoon. ‘They will
for Havana to-morrow

ail
eal.

 

DR. HILLIS'S PLAN 70 PILL CHURCHES

Tle Favors a National Half Holiday on Saturday
to Give All a Chance to Rest.

New Haven, Conn., April 29.- The Rev.
Newel! Dwight Hillis, pastor of Plymouth
Chureh, Brookivn, N.Y, spoke to-night
before the New Haven Congregational
Club on “The New Problem of the Church
and the Ministry.”
He called attention to the fact that the
chureh services are very slimly attended
nowadoys, but that the coming
when there will be a revulsion of feeling
and the churches will be once more filled,
He favored a national half holiday on Sat-
urday ae @ Teans to bring back the peuple
to the Church The people would have a
chance to rest up oa the half holiday. T
is so in England, where the chureh services

 

tirne is

are largely attended
Nowadays in this country
man wakes up on Sunday morning alter
a hard week's work and wants a day of
gest, In the morning he jumps on hia
wheel and spends the forenoon in the coun-
try, The afternoon he spende in reading,
The old men who have been working hard
all the week spend ail Sunday reading and

the young

resting up for the coming week \ Sat-
urday ha'f holiday, such as they have in
England, would give the voung and old
achance to rest and then they would goto
church on Sunday

MILLIONATRE’'S SON WEDS WAITRESS.

Bride Embraces Jadatsm to Appease Wrath of
Her Father-ta-Law, Aaron Levy.
Sadia Levis, who was & waitress in Den

nett’s restaurant in Park square, Brooklyn,
was mar } last night to Abraham Levy
son of Aaron Levy, the millionaire butcher
at 262 Hudson avenue, Brooklyn. The cere
mony was performed by Rabbi Leon Nelaon

 

at bis home, 281 Decatur street, and was wit-

nesxed by only a few friends of the couple

When sade it tee quicah binen restaurant
ant her engugement wa nounced young
Levy's father cee swred that he would disin-
herithimifthoengagement wasn't broken olf

It was the rred that young Lev 4
gone to Callfornta to bearn how to forget
sadies ¢ ! Srcdile sever, went to
Rabbi Ne for if 1in prepa on

en ‘ jai | rn thoug t
, ree liation bet nthe young man |
hi ut " ' ed in that 9
| ¢ He fide net nd
the we t

Cherokee Treaty Not Natitted

Vinita, 1 pri The treaty with the
Cher if werd ‘ greas at the last
vexsion, failed of ratitoation to-day hy a vote
of a t Vow defeat of the treat

eas the enforoener f the Curtin Jaw
It i probable that neh litigation will follow

Major Case of the Twenty-third Resigns

Major David K. Case resigned last night

from the ‘Twenty-third Regiment of Brook-
Ivn, after having been in the service for
twenty years. kor wore than a vear he was

anding offieer of the

the eoml Iwenty-third
Regiment after the resignation of Col. Alexis
Co smith

Vive Killed in Coal Mine Explosion,

sovrTn McAurster, IT, Apri: 20- An ex-
plosion of gas occurred in a mine of the McAl-
lester Coal Company at Alderson this morning,
jn which five men lost their lives, seven were
infured and another is reported missing,

 

 

Myles Standish Ginger Ale,
Alw. ys delicious. aever varies im quality. Ade,

D PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

ae a

{tothet

Fair to-day and to-morrow, |

,

 
 

mae eae ae a ee LL OLEE TL LL  LLE AL  e

ANOTHER REYNAL MARRIAGE

Hastened by Miness, This Time the Htncm of
Mrs. Jales Reynal.

Mra. Jules Reynal is very ill at her home,
268 Madison avenne. An operation, per-
formed recently for supposed intestinal
trouble by Dr. George A. Dixon, disclosed
that the patient was suffering from a malig-
nant cancerousegrowth

Mrs. Reynal is the mother of Eugene
S. Reynal, who was married in March last
to Mins Adelaide Fitzgerald, the daughter
of General and Mrs. Louis Fitzgerald,
when they were both quarantined and ill
of scarlet fever at Gedney Farm, Mr. How-
ard Willets's country home at White Plains

That marriage was performed in haste
at the request of Miss litzgerald, when
Mr. Reynal was supposed to be dying
There was no time to summon the rela-
tives. Mr, Reynal got wel)

Mr. Reynal’s mother was greatiy dis-
appointed at not being able to attend his
marriage. It was her wish to witness the
marriage of her other son, Nathaniel Reynal,
whose engagement to Miss Ruiter has been
reported, Arrangements were made yes-
terday, 80 it is said, to have this marriage
take place iminediately at Mrs. Jules Rey-
nal’s house in Madison avenue, The house
was brilliantly lighted early last evening
and there were several guests, but no an-
nouncement of a marriage was made

 

 

 

ONE SCREW BRINGS NEW YORK IN.
Count Colactcoh! Brings Cardinal Martinelll's
Red Hat.

The American liner New York which
sailed from Southampton and Cherbourg
on April 20, and was spoken on Wednesday
last 1,700 knots east of Sandy Hook by the
Cunarder Campania, proceeding slowly
under her starboard engine, was reported
east of Fire Island at 10:15 o'clock las’ night,
The Campania reported at Queenstown
on Friday that the New York had signalled
that her port shafi was broken, but that
she needed no assistance. ‘The Minnehaha
of the Atlantic Transport Line, in yesterday
from London, passed the New York on
Thuraday night about 1,200 knots east of
this port. She was muking between thir-
teen and fourteen knots. She may get up to
Quarantine about 4 o'clock thin morning.

Count Stanis!ao Colacicchi cameriere de
gabinetto, member of the Pope's Noble
Guard, and bearer of the scarlet berretta
for Cardinal Martinelli, the ApostolicDele-
gate to the United States. is a passenger
aboard the New York. The Rev. Dr,
lrederie 7, Rooker, secretary to the Care
dinal, will escort Count Colaciechi to Baltt-
more, The ceremony of bestowing the
berretta will take place at the Cathedral in
Baltimore on May 8 Cardinel Gibbons
wil! preside,

 

POISONED UMERSELF AND CHILDREN.

Jealous Woman Commits Salcide—One of the
Children Dead.

Sr. Lovisa, Mo. April 70.—Mrs. Fannie
F. Friedeberg, wife of a well-to-do German,
locked her hushand out of his house last
night and then swallowed poison, dying
shortivaftermidnight. She also gave poison
to her two daughters, Emma, aged 9, and
Alma, & years old The latter died at 8
o'clock this afternoon and Emma may re-
cover, The poison was given to the ohil-
dren in ice cream prepared by the mother

Vnfounded jealousy ts suld to have been
the cause of Mrs. Friedeberg's act, she being
nearly crazed when her husband spore to
another woman She left letters aecusing
him of being untrue to her, and another to
the police telling where they would find $180
she had saved out of her household mone y,
and requesting that they burn it rather than
let her husband get possession of it

 

SHOT HER BROTHER BY MISTAKE.

The Young Woman Mad Brought aGan to Pro-
tect Htm From Rowdles,

BIRMINGHAM Alin, Apol 20-— Richard
Jacks, a well-known young man of Brazil,
Ala, was accidentally and instantly
killed by to-day while was
cocking @ gun in the act of protecting him
from an

While Jacks and hia sister were at home
everal young men called ut the place and

shot

his sister she

asaaule

became unruly Jacks ordered them to
leave, which incensed the young men and
hot words followed. The young woman

went into the house and returned to the front
poreh with the gin The strangers began
abusing Jacks The young lady co
the gun to protect her brother and allowed
the hammer of the gun to fa!l, discharging
it and sending a load of buckshot into her
brother's heart The sirangers ted and (ne
lady went into hvsterles

ced

young
FIRST STEAMFERS 170 NOME
Leave Seattle With Two Hundred and Expect
to Get Throvgh tn Fifteen Dars.
Srartim, April 20--The steamers Nome
City and Jeane sailed for Nome this evening,
carrying 200 gold seeekers and larve cargoes,
They are the firet vessels to sail end antiel-
pate getiing through in fifteen days, The
captains are experienced Aretic navigators
and were among the first to reach Nome last

year The rush ts not a8 great as last seoson,
but the men are generally experienced
miners, who go prepared for work and hard-
ship

MABELLE SIUPSON TO REMAPRPY,

Widowed Last Janaary by the Suicide of Dr,
Simpson at the Gerard.

 
 

Mrs. Mabeile mpson, the widow of Dr
William Langdon Simps« who shot him-
self in the Hotel Gerard on dan 26, is to be
married to-day to Charles Warner IHloltz,
a member of the wine fmporting and res
tauront {rim of Holt? & Frevatedt Company
! | MoM . ome Simp-on'a lawver,
who authorived the nnomneement, said
thatthe norr owe ibe urivate

It t 1 | Lvhawt terl Supnsen’sa
( t! 1 r net M May Duryea
out ina ' for me of yperty b
longing to the ide. She at inthone
udare lio “Maybelle vere ended for
herinasmuch a yaethe name by whieh
{or s I ' vile her Miss Diurven,
however, aid not follow the aetior she
t ete doto bring iv } ’ pAlse omy

i biaet ? MI paon seived
the f 1 rein ber fat upon the contention
that it belonged to Simpson
TINY TWINS FOUND IN VACANT 107,

Twelve Inch-Long Girl Bables Found by a
Newtown Policeman,

Policeman Frank Barlow of the Newtown
police station foundtwo girl babies, evidently
twins, ina vacant lot not far from the station
morning at daylight. The waifs
were turned over to the elty nurse, Mre
Vilrieh, who says their combined weight
jx not over two and a haif pounds The ba-
bies were dressed only in iigatgowns, ‘They
measure 12 inches from the top of thetr heads
»of their toes, and are not more than
two days old. They will be cared for at the
nursery for a few days while the police search
for their parents

yesterday

A: tediinvien Rye.
\ Arlswersuc, old and Sne.—Ade.

va

   

em

PRICE TWO CENTS.

LET THE TIPSTER ESCAPE?
POOLROOM RAIDERS IN A BITTER
CLASH vas THE POLICE,

 

 

Man Who Telephoned Warning to Capt. Moyal-
han's Precinct That Jastice Jerome and
Hits Men Were Comfng Vanishes in Pelice
Station—Moynihan Denles That He Was
Ever Hrought There, bat Prisener or
Substitute Is Produced Mysteriously Two
Hours After Jastice Jerome Weat Away.

Justica Jerome of the Court of Special
Sessions accompanied by aeven men rep-
resonting the Cily Vigilance League an@
the Society for the Suppression of Vice,
swooped down upon a poolroom yesterday
afternoon in a building adjoining the Knick-
erbocker Hotel, at Twentieth street and
Eleventh avenue, which is considered cne
of the toughest sections of the cliy. After
#n exciting time in which the raiders and
the gamblers drew pistols and threatened
to kill each other belf a dozen men were
placed under arrest and taken to the Weat
Twentieth street police station. There the
}olice permitted one of the prisoners to get
away, but brought him up from the station
house cellar two hours later when Juetice
Jerome threatened to isene warrants for the
arrest of Police Capt. Moyviban and two of
his policemen. Whether or not the police
substituted another man for the prisoner
whoe-caped will not be known until to-day

The reid on this poolroom was planned
a week ago, after an agent of the City Vighl-
ance Jeague had collected evidence againat
the place On April 19 Robert & MoLellan
secured more evidence in hia report he
stated that the poolroon) was on the second
floor of the bullding adjoining the Knicker-
pocker Hotel, and was reached through
doorways lending from the barroom of the

hotel On MeTellan's aMdavit Justice Jer-
ome issued warrants, John Doe, No 1, No
», No. & and No 4 ‘The raiding party @s-

sembled at the Criminal Courts Building at
Aside from Jerome the
party consisted of Prank Moss, Clerk Wiliam
Fuller, of the Special Seseions, Agents Ham-
mond, Dillon and Baker of the Society for
the Suppreesion of Vice, Agent Melellan
representing the City Vigilance League,
and Detecti.e Sergeants Cuf and Rynders
the later being detailed to the Disirict Ate
torney's office

They climbed into hacks waiting on the
White street side of the building and drove
uptown, Justice Jerome had been informed
that a former meraber of the ety Fire De
partment was acting a8 epy for the police of
the Weat Twentieth street station, and hed
on a previous occasion acted as a tipster
between the police and the gambling houses
in the precinct The Justice had been told
that tios were sent out over the telephone
from an engine house near the Court House,
and received for the police in an engine house
opposite the police station on West Twentieth
street Agents of the Society for the Sup-
preasion of Vice had reported that the former
fireman Was the man who had tipped the
gamblers when the raid was about to be made
a couple of weeks ego at Fourteenth atreet
and Lighth avenue To head this tipster
off early yesterday morning Justice Jerome
sent two men to act as lookouts neas the
police station. While the agents were thera
they saw the ex-fireman run to the police
station and then over to the povlroom in
Eleventh avenue

Thé raiding party took a curenitous route
and drove through Twellth avanue to Twon-
tieth street, getting there in time to see the
tipster running toward the poolroom at Fley-
enth avenue, They reached the piace about
usquicklyashedid Justice Jerome, followed
by the others, 1 through the crowded bar-
room to the recor of the place and opened
the door leading to the poolroom stairway
Fuller remained in the berroon Detective
Sergeants Cuff and Rynders with Frank
Moss and the other members of the party
followed Justice Jerome to the poolroom
Several men tried to bar their way, but they
got inside an! shut and boited the door
About @ hundred men were in the place
One man was shouting “Come on with your
bets! ‘lhe horses sre at the post) You've
only got a minute more'” A man witha roll
of banknotes in his hand was paying off the
winners in the previous race. The raiders
mades rushtoward him. Drawing a revolver
and assuming a dramatic pose he shouted;
wv iT ehoat!"

Agent Hammond stepped in front of Jrs-
tice Jerome to shield him and drawing his
thrust it in the face of the

Bb o'clock duetice

 

"Get beck

own revolver

gambler
Drop that gun or I'll iil vou,” exclaimed
among
a 7) fellow lowered his pistol and esteod
glaring at Hammond = by this time halfa
dozen other men around the room had drawn
pistols and great excitement prevailed
Some men had escaped Irom the reom by
wav of (he windows All hands in tne raiding
purty excep! dustice Jerome had their pistols
out and the Justice stood in the centre of the
roem with his right hand at his hip pocket
ready to draw his lhey soouted that only
four men were to be arrested = Detectives
Cuf and Rynders picked oul these four and
stood them against the wall
Meanwhiie * cour. cierk, Fuller, wae
having @ hot time of it in the barroom of the
Knicnerbouher tle had qreased to attend a
reception upiown and the crowd guyed him
Phev threw lemons ot bis silk hat, mace fun
of bis frock coat, tore bis boutonniére from
his buttonnele and had backed him up against
the luneh counter When he said something
toa man at (he end of the bar the man buried
a giass at his head lie dodged the glass
and backed to the other end of the bar, where
he picked up three glasses (0 defend himaelf
Out on the street several hundred men and
women had gathered Agent Dillon drove
to the West Ewentieth street police station
aid told Capt) Moynohan to turn out tho
reserves, as Justice Jerome and the raiders
e being mobbed
We denil a patrol wagon full of men,” seid
Yillen
Di ant vend the patrol wagon,” replied
Capt Movonhan “I've given my sergeant
orcers net to turn ont the wagon for any
damn Committee of Fifteen
ve are ex cating warrants and demand
police aid, raid Dillion
How man’ warrants have you
asked the camaln
“Pour,” aald Dillen
“Then I'll only give you four men,” replied
the captain
ty tila time Agent Hammond up tn the
poolroom had compelled the man with the
roll of bills to hand over his pistol and money

got?”

The roll contained $5600
} don't want all that,” said Justice Jerome.
‘Tsimely want. one bill for evidence ”

Then he took a two-dollar bill from the
roll and, calling upon the others to witness
he marked it and returned the remainder of
the money to the man. ‘The four prisoners
and another man who had interfered with
the officers were taken into the barroom of
the Knickerbocker, Justice Jerome and the
rowd reached there about the time Court
Clork Fuller arized the beer glasses to de-
fend himself wit)

“Judge,” shouted Fuller, “there are mea
here who tried to asaault me. They should
be placed under arrest.”

‘Get out, vou duce” velled a man near the
door “You're a sift"

“We're not after brawlers,” remarked the
Justice, quietls

Vhere goes the tipster.” said one of the
raiders, and Detectives Ryndera_ and Cuff
ran to the front door to head off the former
fireman, who was seen to leave the place
by anide door One of the soctety agents
caught bim as he got half way up the bloek
on Eleventh avenue. The man bad a rougn
and tumble Maht with the agent, and the

 

 

crowd gathered to reseve the fellow, The
arrival of the police from the Twentieth
street station eave others a cnance fo @»

— — ~<a

White Label Gainness Sioot
pleases particular j;eople adr

 

 

After Shaving.

Pond’s Fatract Leals and com/orts the #kin.~ Ace.

[ —

percents

   

ar