=2 "se -

-

ef Fe

3 Pens

“

a2Fa5 2?

n>
Raecok®

vy

30

vy
700
wv
eit
uy
v0
on

 

SL CT ett

 

“VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 21,

THE ADIRONDACK SHOOTING WANT M’KINLBY TO SPEAR IN CHICAGO

HOPES OF SAVING MRS. KERR'S
LIPE—HER MOTHER ARRIVES.

 

itiood Polsoning May Follow the Amputation
in the Woods-Mr, Batley, Who Was Hit br
the Same Ballet, Is One of the Philadel-
phia Jewelry Firm—rs. Kerr a Millionaire.

Word has reached the relatives of Mrs, Selina
Karr of New York, who was shot in the hip at
Mr, FB, Al. Coe’s camp in the Adirondacks a week
ago yesterday with a bullet meant for a deer,
aud whose leg it was necessary fo amputate, that

he was improving. Her mother, Mrs. Emily H.

Coe has reached her and has telegraphed back
that it fs hoped that she will recover if blood
potsoning can be avoided. Dr Robert H.
Wylie of New York and trained nurses
now attending ber No further
report has been received here of the condition
of Mr. Charles W. Balley of Philadelphia,
who was struok by the same bullet, but his
wound has been deseribed as not serious, A
relative who was asked if it was Dr. Dade of
this city who had fired the shot meant for the
deer re) ied:

“IT will not tell you; there's heen too much
safd about it already."

Mrs. Kerr's husband,

lied about two years ago. He was a man of
onsiderable means and was a well-known
amateur golf player. Before, taking up golf
Le distinguished himself as an amateur base-
all player, being a member of the Staten Ial-
and Athletic Club's famous team. Mrs. Kerr's
father, E. Frank Coe, who is also dead, made
a fortune in the fertilizer business and left her

are

Chauncey F. Kerr,

a million Her mother, Mrs. Emily H. Coe,
lives at 668 Fifth avenue Mrs. Kerr's
summer home {s at New Windsor,
but she was accustomed to spend several

weeks every year in the Adirondacks She
has one son, E, Coe Kerr, who is 14 years old
Up to a few months ago Mrs Kerr lived in the
Bolkenhayn at Fifty-eighth street and Fifth
avenue, leasing the apartments formerly occu-
pled by W. Bourke Cockran When the Savoy
Hotel management leased the Bolkenhayn
Mrs. Kerr moved temporarily to her mother's
home She isa fine-looking woman of 4 In
the life time of her husband she was a good
deal at Lakewood, where she is well known.

Mr. Bailey, who was with her in the boat and
who was also hit by the bullet which wounded
Mra, Kerr, is a member of the jewelry firm of
Bailey, Banks & Biddle of Philadelphia, and
{as an old friend of Mrs. Kerr. Dr. Charles T.
Dade, who according to one report fired the
shot at the deer, lives at 68 Fast Fifty-sixth
Dr. Dade's siater, Mra. Gulon, said
yesterday that her brother did not {ntend to
return to the eity until after Sept. 28. Ina
letter to his mother, which was mailed at North
Creek on Sunday, he said: “1 will not be home
until after Sept. 25. 1 have two patienta here
who will require my attention until at least
after that date.”

Tt {as thought that the patients referred to by
Dr. Dade were Mrs. Kerr and Mr. Bailey.

F. Hallowar Coe, at whose camp inthe Adiron-
dacks the party was visiting, is Mrs. Kerr's
brother and !tvea with his mother in the Fifth
avenue hoise The oamp {8 near the preserves
of the TahawusClub in Eesex county and was
‘net finished thls year, Mrs. Earle, who went
with Mra, Coe to the Adirond, ‘o mintater
to the wounded woman, is Mr r's sister,
She fs the wife of a patent lawyer ) practised
io Washington until a short tlie ago, when
they moved to New York and bought a hand-
some house in Madison avenue

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 20.--A letter was re
ceived yesterday from Charles W) Balley, aon
of J T. Balley, President of the Bailey, Banks &
B ddle Company. The letter was written shortly
after the accident. In it Mr. Balley states that
the bulle’ passed throug! the muscles of his
back and lodged in the thigh of Mrs. Kerr

I write this,’ -o the letter reads, ‘tn orde
that you may not be worrled about me if you

hould see an acoountof itin the newspapers,
My condit.on ts not at all serious, but I regret
tosay that Mrs. Kerr was notasofortunate We
fear that she has been seriously injured

No explanation as to how the shooting oc-
curred is given. Whether it was done by a
member of the party or by some one unknown

street

to Mr. Balley {+ left a mattero! doubt. One re-
port is that Mre Kerr, Mr. Salley, Dr.
Dade, EB. Halioway Coe, who owned the lodgein
wh h the party was camping, and a guide took

a@hunting trip and were resting on the bank
of a lake when @ deer ran past them. As
it disanpeared a rifle shot was fired and
Mr Bailey and Mrs. Kerr fell to the ground.
Another story le that Mr. Batley and Mra. Kerr
in a canoe, and that Dr. Dade, who
n the thick underbrueh, shot at
ind wounded his friends, They
about six miles from the lodge
‘hen the, were shot, and were carried io
the camp on stretchers. Owing to the lack of
surgical instrumenta Dr, Dade was unable to
extract the bullet from Mrs, Kerr's thigu at
onoe and blood poisoning Is feared
harles W. Bailey isa widower 85 vears old,
{is prominent in business and social cirleain
- city. He is Vice-President and T. easurer of
Bulley, Binks & Biddle Companys
lve fact that Mr. Baileylsa handsome and
e. thy widower and that Mrs. Kerr isa pretty
and wealthy widow has caused {t to be widely
runiored that they are engaged, but this is
lenied by Mr. Bailey's father

were
wis
a deer
were

 

DIED BEFORE HE COULD SIGN.

Papers He Didn't Want to Put His Name to
Were Awaiting Hulider Files,

Iwaac Files of 703 Bust 143d street, a well-
known builder, died suddenly yesterday af-
fernoon in the lobby of the offce building at

Broadway. Mr Files, who was 66 years

ind very stout, went Into the lobby in the
fternoon and hired a boy to take a note to
\lbert Wise, a lawyer with offices on the fourth
foor of the building Mr. Flies walted tn the

o's for the answer, walked “ and down,
und see.ed to be very nervous t is sald that
the note was a request tor the lawyer to tell

 

a

|
|i

| mand in this city was wholly

 

 

 

~NEW. YORK,

Ohairman Hanna, lt Is Asserted, Will Try to
Persuade the President to Speak There.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20,- President MeKinley may
make a speech in ( hicago before the end of the
Campaign. Senator Hann. will leave to-morrow
for Canton, Ohio, to meet Mr, McKinley on his
return from Washington on Saturday, and uree
him to visit Chieago next month, The Chicago
trip, if the President yields to the solicitation
ot the chairman of the Republican National
Committee, will probably be the only cam-
paign trip the President will enter upon this
fall, Senator Hanna is said to be displeased
With the situation in Illinols, which he attrib-
utes to the labor trouble which has lasted
in this city since last winter Viee-Chairman
Payne of the Republican National Committee,
who will resume charge of the Western head-

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER

WHO WAS SWINDLED

| Bank

Quarters after the departure of Senator Hanna
for the Last to-moffow evening, spoke guard-
edly to-day about the intention to ask the
President to come to Chicago next month,

The President is a busy man and jie may
not be able to come out here at this time
explained Vice-Chairman Payne But if he |

could see his way clear to paying Chicago a
visit, it would undoubtedly be wise. He prob-
ably feels that he owes the people of this city
a visit act of his rfune in
being obliged to disappoint them during the
G. ALR

Vice-Chairman Johnson of the Democratic
National Executive Committee professed not
to feel a bit afraid of a visit of the President

on ount thisf<

reublion

to Chicago. He pointed out that Bryar

tends to aweep through Liligois on Oet. s and @
winding up with a mass meeting in Chicago on
Chicago Day. which will be held at the Audi-
torflum or Coliseiim Johnson thinks that
Bryan’s trip will more than offset MeKinley's

 

not only in Lilinois but in Chicago as wel

SHIP ATTACKED BY PUEGIANS

Natives Growing Bolder and Need of a War-
ship Is Suggested,

Ban FRANCISCO 20,-- Offleers of the
Cosmos steamer Herodot, which plies between
Hamburg and San Francisco by way of (ape
Horn, reported to-day that when they were
passing through the Straits of Magellan the
Fuegian savages attempted at night to burn
the vessel by throwing fire brands through
the port holes, They were discovered by the
watoh and beaten off. The officers say these
Savages are growing bolder and that some-
thing should be done by war vessels to punish
therm.

CIVIL RULE IN GALVESTON.

Sept,

Mayor Jones Proclaims That Military Aa-
thority Will Be Saspended,

GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 20.—Mayor Jones
this evening procluimed that military
would cease at noon to-morrow and the civil
authorities would assume direction of mu-
nieipal affairs. This was done at the sugges-
tion of Gen, Scurry, who expreased the belief

rule |

GOT TEN-NAMED

18 BANKS AND

BUSINESS MEN OUT OF 87,740

Cashier Up tna Millbrook,
County, Spotted Him and They Pat Hand-

Dutchess

cuffs on Him and Set Two Men With Rifles
Over Him tn the Bank He's an Artist,
Harry ©. Dell, PL. Burns,
Charles J. Farnice, George M. Sinith,
J. M. Cummers, G. M. Lambert,
Charles F, Thompson, J. M. Garland,
Charles M. Barton, John W. Barton
was arrested on Wednesday at Millbrook,

Dutchess county, under the name of Caries F
Thompson, and is wanted for robbing the fol-
lowing among other banks, bankers and bual-
all over the United Stites by means
of forged drafta and checks

ness men

ape 06, Kane County Bank, Hampshier
|

i ‘ bi teveve $125

April, 1406, Datryman's State National Hank,
Marengo, Il as ‘ ¢

Sus, First National Bank, Marshfield,

 

Ju y?.

Wis... . eee 400
Sept » 14945, Citizens’ Danking Co., Weston,

Onto 525
Lee 4, 1898, H. N, Gross, Chieago, Il 200
Jan. 17, 1899, lron Banking Co, Sharpsville,

Va ‘ 525

b 99, J. G. Burton, Hopewell, N. J 550

, 1809, George H, Lawrence, Orange.

Maa +65 425
April 18, 1409, George E. Yost, Theresa, N.Y 650
May 15, 1899, Bank of Elmore, Elmore, Oho 470

 

June 14, 1800, Cornwal Dank. Cornwall N.Y
July 12, 1800, Pnilo Nicholas, Newtown, Conn
Sept. 18, 1809, George Duryea Oyster Bay, LT

  
 
  

  

November 1800, First National bank, Westield,

VJ Attempt
Dec, 10, 14899, Foreman & Whitlock, real estate,

Hrooklyn.....: 110
Ive. 17, 1809, Ward G. Kerry, Hackensack

NJ 275
Fev. 25,1000, Mr. Everett, Rockville Centre

N.Y Attempt
May 21, 1900, L. H. Gault, Westpotnt, Conn $258
July 5, 1900, Bank of Northport, NortBport,

L. | 625
July 28, 1900, Flret National Bank, James

DUPE, Ne Gi vevsver setecses e0nees 525
Total, twenty attempts, elahteen successful 7,730

The man with ten names was brought to this
city from Poughkeepsie by Ceaorwe
S. Dougherty, assistant uperintendent for
Pinkerton’s Detective Agency, who gave out
to the reporters last night enough informa-
tion of the operations of Dell, or whoever he
is, to fill The record of Dell's work
as printed above is by no means completa,
Mr. Dougherty thinks. Dell's method of
awindling was to travel around in the guise
of a representative of a Western firm, usually
the Allegan Machine Company of Allegan,
Mich. As soon as he struck a town he went
to some contractor who had an engine or some
machinery. This he examined and ultimately
offered to buy. He seemed to know
machinery very well. He invariably asked
for a few days’ time to cammunicate with his
employers At the end of that period he
would turn up again with a letter the stamp

yesterday

a hook

| bearing a cancellation {mprint, “Allegan, Mich,*

that oonditions had reached such an orderly |

stage that the civil authorities were able to
cope with the situation.
not mean the immediate withdrawal of
military. They are to cooperate with
and county officials in the enforcement of order
They will still continue on duty as a part of
the civil Government, It was feared that
when |t became generally known that the mili-
tary had given way to civil authorities, it might
result in a@ renewal of looting and robbery
of corpses,

The retirement of Gen

the

Securry tron lb
voluntary. At
a meeting of the General Committee this even-
ing, he said that he desired the civil govern-
ment restored belleving it for the best interests
of the city. The committee eonsented to re-
Heve hiin from authority, but insisted that he
remain here with his military forces
Labor in Galveston is at a prenotu
is not an idle man in the citv. Regardless of
stathun or position, a nian must work lie
health of the living must be preserved at anv

There

  

cost. The city must be cleaned and the dead
buried that the survivors tiay continue to dive
“he odors arising from the ruins are be ing
unbearable fo-day orders were ed to

{riprese every able-bodied man for street clean.
ing service Over 500 men were secured under
this order and to-day there are fully 2..0men
engagedinthework Stil this force {s insuffle-
fent and more must be secured for the work.
Men under contract for this service ure to be
imported from the tuterlor of the Stata.

SOLDIERS LOST AT GALVESTON.

Corrected List of Members of Battery 0 Who
Perished in the Great Storm,

WASHINGTON, Sept McKibben,
commanding the Department of Texas, to-day
reported to the War Department the arrival
at Fort Sam Houston of Capt. Rafferty and the

surviving members o Battery ©, which was
stationed at Fort San Jacinto, Galveston, during
the great storm. He ajso transmitted the

20.—Gen

This, however, does |

eity | lent

and the date just as any post office stamp
would, and the regular New York “backing
stamp,” flag and all. These letters, which of
course authorized the purchase, were, Mr
Dougherty says, written by Dell himself and
also canosled by Dell himself with fraudu-
stampa They enclosed bad checks
or drafts, \isnaily on some well-known city bank

and almost tnvartably drawn--or rather pur-
porting to be drawn—by F. J. Chichester
cashier of the First National Bank at Allewan
Mich. In order to have this draft cashed Dell
would request the contractor or the dupe,
whoever he might be, to introduce and identify
him at Sometimes the dupe

the local Hank.
was persuaded to Indorse the draft or chee °
1 precaution observed by sagacious paying

  

tellers. After waiting around a day or two

to avoid suspicion Dell decamped The drafts
and checks were 3 ved worthless

The banka Dell defrauded in this way at

| Northport, L and Jamesburg, N. J, are

f |

| contractor, fr

i {n the circular

following corrected and official list of members |

of the battery who perished in the storm

First Seret. liugh K. (ieorge, Seret. James
A. Marsh, Corporal Sam Rober Cook James
W. Cantner, Mechanle George Link, Musician
Maloolin Arthur, Privates George F. Andreres,
Willam L. Andrews, Leopold L. Brindner,
John Claffery, Wililam A. Delaney, Peter Dow-
ney, Fred Hess, Frank W. Hunt, John Kelley,
Leverett A. Lewis, Beniamin F. Mitchell,
George Peterson, Wiliam § Sauerber, Otto
WW. Seffers. Benjamin Vantilbureh, Wadsworth
BB. Wheeler, Herbert RK. White, Carvin M. Wil-
hite and Sidney Wright. Hospital Corpse—pri-
vates Samuel Forrest, Joseph Gossage and
Filwh T. MeTivern

  

LOCAL AID POR THE TEXANS.

Additions Still Being Made to the Funds Ratsed
Here to Help Galveston.

Mayor Van Wyck yesterday received a tele-
gram from Mayor Walter © Jonas of Galveston,
acknowledging the receipt of the contribu.
tions from the Fire Department of this city.
Mayor Jones sald: “If New York could know
the gratitude of this people for tho benaft-
cence already bestowed It would be a light to

lead all t a happy realization of the brother-
hood of humanity everywhere

New contributions received at the Mayor's
office yesterday aggregated $803.04. makin

 

a werand total to date of $25,802 74 Contributer
from this city through the Mayor's oMfee

The Citizena’ Rellef Committee of the Mer-
chants’ Association reported total contribu-
| tlons received by them for the Galveston re.
lief fund up to vesterday at $07,704 71
The New York Mercantile Exchange col-
lected vesterday $1075. making a tetal r
them of #2 168 45 The exchange honored

{ whether it was absolutely neceasary to
fir a set of papers
Bystanders in the lobby say that the boy
tned to Mr. Files and told him that the |
suid that he would have to elen the
rs | ediately Mr. Files stood for a
t tn » thought and then turned tow. |

     

rd the elev:
, however, threw up his hands and fell
forward on the floor

bystanders rushed to the etreet and told

a

 

r. Before he could enter the |

    

Mavor Jones's draft for &2.008

James Stillinan, treasurer of the committee
appointed by the ¢ ner of Comroerce for the
relief of te Galvast sufferers, acknowledged

iptof add tio al contributions

 

yesterday the re
} amounting to $1,625, rnasing a total of 804,758
There were ne addition reported vesterday
to the various Wall Street funds

Hiceman, who sent to the Hudson street
pital foranoambulanee, Dr. Page respond. |
thy the time he reached the building Mr
- was dea The body was taken to the
reh street polione station Mr. Files’ iden-

* was made known to the poliea through
era he hea In his pockets, Besides the
Pe the police found a pair of spectacles and
‘sin money, All of the effecta were sent

the Coroner’s offloe
Ir the course of the afternoon several men
1 at the station and {n every case told
ergeant that {t would be a shame to send
iy to the Morgue. The sergeant finally

the bode to an undertakers in FRiehth

Marcus Daly Site Up All tay,

Daly, the Montans copper mine
oh s been fl at the Hoel Nether-
ince his arrival from Furope on Sept, &,

to sit ve all day yeaterdiy and talk
dsughter, Miss Madge and Mise Hattie
' cot home on the Majestic Dr,
hi ! he hotel phvetelan anid shat Mr

‘ ell enough | vo day '

rows

e «wl

Hs able

The Sleepless Avent,
te y, born of the lightning knows no langu +
tie the Ureless watcher owe: the sefety of travelicrs
on she Pennsylvania Railroad Ade

  

Poland Water Leads All.
Preseribed by 6,000 physicians — Ade

THE Sun_received vesterday $4 from “A,”
Princeton, for the Galveston fund
School Children Ald Galveston Sufferers,

dre) have contributed
truckloads of canned

Jersey City school chi
$1,100 in cas) andelght
goods and clothing to the Galveston sufferer

The contributio s sere sent tothe City Hall
and Mav or Hoos willf rward then, t) Gilwan-
ton at once

81,500 forthe Galveston Flood Sufferers.
PLATTSBURG, N. Y., Sept. 20
club of the New York Life Insurane> Company
it Hotel Champlain,

now in annual meeting

Bluff Point, to-day subseribed $1,500 for the
sufferers of the Galveston flood. The money
was sent to New York by express to-night. At
t -day’s meeting the following officers were

elected for the ensuing year: President, J. J

 

 

Parker of St Paul: First Viee-President, E. 8
Heyman of the Central Departient, Chicago;
First Vice-President, Bastern Department,
Harold WVierce hila feiphia First Viee-
President, Western Dep ortment, VP. Hart of
Seattic® First Vice-President, southern Depart-
ment, Gilbert Rais {f Meniptieg Seeretary
John H. Metall of New Vo rk
Photos of Storm-Swep! Galveston,

Lesiies We Riyisout. 24 pages Onl Illustrated
weekly containing Galvestun horror photographs.

Ve

| New Brunswick Mon Alleges That

The $200,000 |

| was adoptec

  

members of the A
and that association notified the Pinkertons
The agency discovered that Dell had been are

 

   

rested at Lake Park, Minn., in August, 1808
In this way his picture was obtained Or

goof thie wear the agency sent out a! oir
eular to nearly all the banks In the itry
describing Dell and his methods and offering

a reward for information leading to his arrest
One of these circulars went to the Bank of Mill-
brook, Mil!brook, near Poughkeepale
Day hefore yesterday Dell was Introduced
at this bank by Charles J
im whom he had offered to buy
the usual engine. The game had been worked
up to that point in the usual way When, how-
ever, Dell expressed a desire to have a draft
for $525 on the Chase National Bank of this city
honored, Cashier Walter F. Haight thought
he remembered Dell as the man who appe ired
When President Richard J.
Acoles was summoned he was sure of tt. Dell,
or “Charles F. Thompson,” as he sald he was
on this oceasion, was detained by a conversa-
tlon while Sheriff Myron Smith of Dutchess
county was summoned. The Sheriff arrested
the swindler at once and locked iil up In the
bank with handcuffa on his ha: ds A revolver
was found on the man, and as the Sheriff didn't
want to take any chances, he put two men with
rifles at the bank door The crowd which
gaathered from everywhere in the little town
was a@ further eafeg~uard
President Scoles called up Mr. Dougherty
on the long, distance telephone and the latter
started for Millbrook at once. By the tlne
he had arrived Tell had retained counsel and
refused to talk at all) The Millbrook peopie
wished to keep him there for trial. but they
were persuaded that the chances of putting
the man tn jail for 4 long term would be better
if he were taken to Northport, L. I Thie course
and Dougherty brought the man
here yesterday, had him locked up at Police
Headquarters and will probably take him to the
Riverhead Jail to-day, Dell comes from Minne+
sota and fs 35 years old and stout He was
once a dancing master Mr Dougherty said
last night that when the banks got through

 

with Dell the Post Office authorities would
wo at him for using fraudulent cancelling
*tampea

FURNACE MEN GET REDUCED RATES.

Southern Railroads Agree on a Redaction of
60 Cents a Ton on Pig Iron.

ATLANTA, Gia, Sept. 20.—Southern furnace
operators and the leading oMcialsof Southern

railroads held a conference at the Kimball
House to-day. The furnace men ra.
quested the rallroad« to review their
action in declining t reduce the
freight rates on pig iron to domestic
points and to the Southern ports for export

These rates were raised $1.50 per ton, respec

tively, last year, when the market advanced,
and have not been reduced since the market

   
 
 

   

declined. The domestic iron market, it is con-
tended, fs absolutely tagnant, and export
movements are not what they ought to be
The furnace men say that business would re
vive somewhat, especially on shipments north
of the Ohio i the rates were redticed to what
they were before the rise in the market

After an enxliaustive ca: vassipg of the ints
at ixsue an Agreement Was reached y ’
a reduction of 50 cants per ton will b de

on all furnace products to Ohio and Mis

   

 

River points and beyond, to South

and Virginia and Faster: ports, These

are purely domestic and the export

ure not affe . The furnace men feel
they have won much in the eonfereyce and
that business will henceforth mianifest @e

newed vitality

SUES TWO PHYSICIANS,

He
Sent to am Asylam on False AMdavits.
New Brunswick, N J., A sult for
610,000 damages, brought by Peter Jones against
Dr. Thomas Skillman and Dr. Thomas \
Meacham, two physicians of this elty, was be-
gun here to-day. Jones sues because on April

Was

Sept. 20

 

    
 
  

 

 

7, 1800, he was seized and taken to the State
| Inaane Asylum upon an affidavit prepared by
the two physicians alleging his insanity He
got out In three dave Mr Jones decla
that Dr Skillman was formerly his family
| physician and eseribed druas for his wile
which were harmful Mr de s told the de
tor that his services we hoe longer needed
but the drugs continued to cone Mr Jone
wrote a note. t vatening the phwsielan’s ar
rest if he did not desist) Mir J irrest and
commitment to the asvlum follow Il wenty-
elaht witnesses have heen subpea 1 for the

 

plaintiff and the trial will occupy several dave
Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland

The purest natural spring wate: In tty world ~A~@

21,

‘

|

| tive can i

erican Banking Assoctation, |

Switt, a Millbrook |

@vising

1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

FORGER | 7°" or MASSACRES BY RUSSIANS,

Several Thousand Chinese Said to Have Been
Murdered Along the Amur Horder.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SU®.

LONDON, Sept. 21 The Moscow Correspond-
ent of the *tundard sends a jurid story of al-
leged tmnassacres of Chinese at Blagoveatchensk
when the troubles oceurred there

He declares that the whole Chinese popnuia-
tion of 6,000, including women and children,

were escorted out of the town one morning to

a spot five miles up the river Then they were
led in batches of a few hundred
at atime to the river bank and
ordered to cross to the Chinese side
No boats were provided, and the river is a mile

wide at this point Men, women and children
were either thrown into the river or on the
least show of resistance were stabbed or ahot

by the escort, which was composed of Russian
Any of
after being

workmen and some peasants the
Chinese
thrown into the river were either clubbed or
None The

with « miles above and be-

who attempted to land

shot escaped river bank was

atrewn orpses
low the town

The massacre, the correspondent says, was
direct orders

of slaughter

under
tide

undoubtedly performed

from the authorities, A

was thus let loose throughout the Amur region,
Henceforth every Russian knew that he was
fully licensed to kill as he chose. Not leas
than 7,000 Chinese were similarly murdered in
villages on the Russian bank

The correspondent asserts that the account

is authentic He says that it has reached the

highest quarters and that an investigation

has been started

WONTANA DEMOCRACY'S SPLIT,

Daly Forms an Independent Party—Clark Men
Trying to Fuse With Populists,

HELENA, Mont, Bept 20.--Allis chaos in the

Montana Detnocracy this evening. The party

|
|

| damage

is notonly hopelessly divided between the Clark |

and Daly actions, but the former has apent a
whole day and night in a vain attempt to effect
fusion with the Populists and Labor party and
to-night they are as far apart as ever, The chief
fight is over the Governorship The Popu-
lists and labor hen want to name the candice
date, but the Clark leaders wont agree,
To pasa the time while the conference
mittees are squabbling, former Congressman
J. Hamilton Lewis of Seattle to-night addressed
the Democratic convention upon the issues of
the dav, trying to explain why silver was uot

made the paramount tseue. Elis position wasa
most erobarrasaing one, however, as the pluat-
form adopted last night is unexplainably
quieton what was declared by the Kansas City
Convention to be the leading issue,

The bolting Dalyites met in convention shortly
after noon with siighuy over two hundred dele-
gates in attendance. An address to the people
of Moutana was i-sued defining their reasons
for leaving the regularly constituted conven-
tion allhough no re.erence was made to the
fact that 100 sergeants-at-arms bad been ap-
pointed to remove them bodily if they did not

come

wo of their own aocord. However, an
organization waa effected by the selec-
ion cf ©. F. Soeth us chairman and a

call issued for primartes and county conwene
tions to select del- gates toa convention to be
held at Butte on Oct. 2, which will place a
full State ti Ket in the fleid, including legisla-
datesin each dstrict. ihe call fur-
ther states that the new organization shall be
called the “Independent Democratic party,”
and its chief objects are the elec'ion of Bryan
ind 8 evenson and the redemption of Montana
from the throes of bribery and corruption
charged to be the open and notorious mote of
politios pursued by one W A. Clark

‘There is great encouragement in the Republi-
can ranks over the split of the De» ocratie
forces and the su oess of the State and leisla-
tive thekets is looked for. The Democrats are
expected 'o naine «nly one setof Presidential
electors, as both Clark and Daly want Bryan
elected

But the Republicans are not at all despondent
as to theauccess of their Presidential Hlectors,
owing to the unprecedented prosperity of the
State, together with Gov. Roosevelt's effective
expose of the Dernocratic scarecrows on im-
perialisin and militarlam and the undoubted
enthusiasm shown at his appearance in the
State, a8 Well aa the fillure of Bryan's prophe
cles made here in 1806, that tf Me Kink y was
elected the miners would be working for virtu-
ally nothing, if any were fortunate enough to
secure Work, Whereas more miners are erm-
loved and at better wages than ever before
on the history of the State and this without the
free coinage of a single silver dollar at the ratio
of 16 to 1. The wool growers are also laugh-
ing in their sleeves at the prediction of Bryan
that they would have to eat their sheep and
make the wool into clothing because of no mar-
ket for their flocks, whereas wool that sold for

from fix to seven centa under theoniv
Democratic administration since the war rome
after McKinley's election to 16, 17 and even

20 cents All these facta, the Republican lead-
ers say, cannot fail to influence the intelligent
voters of the State. In fact Senator Carter ts
quite enthusiastic In the belief, as is aleo (io,
Roose vals since hh visit, that not only the
State gnd lewislative tlekets, carrying with them
two United States Senatorshi 8, will win by
a handsome plurality, but the Presidential
Electors will also be elected This prediction
was made in the convention last night by the
Daly leaders, who, in warning the Clark peop'e
of the sure defeat of the State ticket, pointed
out the danger to the national ticket as well
But they were told to walk out and as they
did 90 were greeted with hisses and jeers, which

; with her flag at half-mast

does not serve to soothe their feelings toward |

the Clarkites. Consequently the Republicans
are {n high a; irits and it is conceded on all sides
that they are justified in their hopes of redeem-
ing Montana

HANNA SPEAKS IN CHICAGO,

Makes His Chief Address to German-Amert-
cans on the Issues of the Day,

CHICAGO, Sept. 20.—Senator Hanna, the man
who says he is “Not paid to make speeches *
was the star speechmaker at two places to-
night--Central Music Hall and the Marquette
Clubhouse, Dearborn avenue and Maple street,
He talked briefly at the latter place firet and
devoted his main efforts to convincing German-
Americans at the downtown gathering that

 

 

 

      
     
  

  

| to

they should vote as they did four vears ago
for MeK in lev

The Central Music flall meeting was under |
the auspice othe Germnan-Amertean Bureau
of the Rep ean State Comin ittec Dr. Dred.
erick W, tlhe Who Was Seoretary of The Hague
Veace Commission,and Joseph Brucker of the
Tilinoels Repn ( nittees addressed the
( ue Musk © before the orrival
of idron of the Ger
mar ers escorted him to
t}

no ACOLTTITED OF MURDER,
Put Potson in Father's Coffee, bat Jury Was
Not Certain o@ to Cause of Death,

} wwoCal, Sept 20--For two days the
Cred ‘ rt oh heen ipfed with the |
trial rin I young Fred Himes, 13 years
old, who polsoned his fether because of the
man's cruety to him and his Httle brother
Tate this afternoon the jury acquitted the
boy Several women who knew the family

testified that for several years the boy had
been household drudge, helping his mother
in the kitchen and acting as ploughboy for
his father

The fatner drank to excess
mother's death « Year ago his temper grew
worse He became more cruel to the bovse
and Fred determined to be free from him. So
with the assistance of a cousin, about his own
age, he put poison in hms father’s coffee,
severe iliness, Whether the man
cied from thts or from heart disease was not
established, and it was thle dor bt, loined to

and after the

 

    

| the boy's previous good charveter, that saved
hiy from co ition

He -atir re court room and showed no sien

of realivi his position, but he erfed when

some of his friends spoke kindly to him and

@ave him fruit and flowers

 

Solid as Bed Rock.

The troek of the Pennsylvania Ratiroad is all that
Man's present experience amd skill can makelt -Ada

| proving rapidly

| ties in

| via New York

LETS HOBSON DOWN EASY,

DEWEY HARDLY THINKS Uk MEANT
TO BE UNKIND

But He Himself Saw an ®-inch Shell Destroy
Admiral Montojo's Flagship Tittle Damage

Would Be Done Under the Water Line Any-

way-Tthree Ships Not Much Injured.
OakDALE, T. 1, Sept. 2e ] hardly think
the young man meant fo sav anything une
kind,” said Admiral Dewey to-day when he
finished reading in Tre SUN the interview
kiven out by Tieut. Riehmond P. Hobson,

who said tn effect that the hero of Manila Bay
didn't sink the Spanish flotilla on that mem-
orable May morning, but that the tricky
Spaniards scuttled their ships to prevent thetr
falling into the hands of the Ameri

Admiral Dewe last
is the guest of his) brother-in-law
Nicoll Ludlow
about the Admiral when her
and after it he paused and became refle:
Then he referred to what is history

"Briefly, the facta are sald the
Adrmiral The Isla de Luzon, the Isla de
Cuba and the Don Juan Austria are the
three vessels probably referred to by the Lieu-
tenant, Of all the twelve ships sunk
they were found to be the least injured. The
three vessels referred to were examined by
Naval Constructor Capps, a very able man,
who was with me. It was decided that the
vessela named were worth saving, and with
the aid of divers and experta obtained from
Hong Kong the vessela were raised and tem-
porary repairs made ao that they proceeded
to Hong Kong under thelr own steam, where
they were being put in repair before Hobson
arrived,

‘To be more precise, however, 1 never said
that we sunk the ships. 1 reported that ‘we
destroyed them.’ However, 1 saw with my
own eyes an 8-inch Strike the stern
of the Reina Maria Christina, Admiral Mon-
tojo's flaaship, and destroy her. Further-
more, It {8 probably true that the vessels were
not much injured below the water line. It ts
well known that {it is quite Impossible for a
shell to do much execution below the water
line, or for anything but torpedoes to do much
there

At this juncture the Admiral reflected and
emiled

“Well, I hardly think it worth while to pay
much attention to this,” he said Then, turn-
ing smilingly to Admiral Ludlow, he continued:
‘You know it Is human nature to depreciate
what others have done.” Admiral Ludlow
bowed, and together they started out for a
walk

When the Admiral and Mrs

Ans

night and
Admiral

There wis a plensing suavity

the remark,

tive

arrived here

now
As follows,”

de

ten or

shell

Dewey arrived

George A. Robinson, I H. Green, Jr, Isaac
G. Terry and Francis Hoag of Sayville waited
on the Admiral and invited him to visit that
village The Admiral finally as«reed ace
cept the invitation, with the stipulation that
the visit was to be strictly informal Satur-
day afternoon between 6 and 7 o'clock is the
time set for the Admiral'a visit. It is pro-
posed by the villagers of Sayville to have the
Admiral greeted by the boys and girls of that
place

lo

 

EIGHTEEN SAVED AT SEA.

Were Fishing in Dories aid Were Lost by Their
Vessel During a Fog.

Boston, Mass, Sept. 20.—Fighteen men,
the orew of the schooner Maggie Sullivan, who
were supposed to have been lost on the fishing
erounds, were brought into the wharf about
noon to-day on the fishing schooner Julia Costa
The men got a hearty welcome and at once
rejoined their vessel, which is lying at the
same Wharf. They had a trying experience
before they were rescued by the Costa While
out in dories containing two men each, off
Chatham, the dense fog shut in on Monday
and hid thelr vessel from view They rowed
about aimlessly for several hours, but could
not find the vessel The next morning the
fog lifted and they sighted the Costa

four more fishermen, members of the Mary
A. Whalen's crew, have been reported lost, that
vessel making her way up to the pler to-day
Capt. Hogan of
the Whalen said that his craft was struck by
a heavy northeaster on Tuesday on rita
while on the fishing grounds about venty
miles southeast of Highland Light. All but
two of the dories reached the schooner {nh safety
aftera hard struggle, Both of the other dorles
were capsized and the four men were drowned,

MEN

 

 

   

GREEN HORSE ON THE AMBULANCE,

 

Started at the Gong, Pulled the Ambulance
APart—Doctor and Driver Badly Hart.

A Harlem Hospital ambulance, drawn by a
green horse which Jumped at the sound of the
@ong, broke down last night at Mott avenue
and 187th street, and Dr. John 8, Blackmar,
the ambulance surgeon, and Martin Spellman,
the driver, were both hurt more than the man
they were going for.

Spellman clanged his gong at 127th street.
The untrained horse tried to get away froin
the racket and the strain was too much for
the ambulance. The front axle suapped and
as the body of the wagon sagged the covered
top collapsed and fell in on Dr. Blackmar, whose
leg was broken. Spellman was thrown out
and one of his ribs was fractured. In the meau-
time George Gray of 31 West 134th street, a
Tammany Times reporter for whom the alm-
bulance had been called, was sitting on the
curb, a block away, nursing a sealp wound
which he had received in fallinw from a car
Dr Blackmar, Spellman and (iray were taken

the Alexander avenue police station in a
pete, wagon aud from there sent to the hos-
10spital in another ambulance.

KITE CAUGHT THE WEATHERVANE.

And Friendsof the ‘‘Staats-Zeitung"’ Couldn't
Tell Which Way the Wind Blew.

It was not the red flag of anarchy nor the
banner of anti-imperialism that floated from

the flagstaf? of the S aats-Zeitung Ruildir «
yesterday afternoon and evening It was
Just a plain tailless kite which bad broken

away from a set of big kites just like it The
*tring had become entangled inthe weathery ane

 

THREE MORE VOTES FOR M'KINLEY,

Long's Daughters and Mother-in-
Law Will Vote in Colorado,

Secretary

COLORADO SPHINGS, Col, Sept. 20> Seere
tary of the Navy James D. Long's family
have four votes in November <A
his daughter Helen came here for her hehitt

year ago

She has resided here continually since Sev.
eral months ago her sister and Mrs Glover
the Seeretary’s mother-in-law, joined her
They have been Colorado Springs residents
long enough to vote next November The
registered to-day, answering all questions
satisfactorily Mrs Glover and the daugh-
ters are MeKinley Republicans They say
that other Cabinet ladies would vote if the
could

QUEER CASE OF MISS BROOKS

Three Friends Worrled About Her and Will
See the Police if She Doesn't Turn Up Soon,

Mary Gorham Brooks of Indianapolis, who |

is 17 years old, wasto hive arrived in this city
last Saturday tostay with three women friends
at their flat in West Thirty-ninth street. Miss
Brooks is said to be good looking and to have
money in her own name. Miss Katherine Jeffer-
aon, one of the friends, going to the Twenty-
third Street Ferry to meet Miss Brooks, was
late, Near the ferry a hansom cab passed her,
containing, 80 Miss Jefferson says, Miss Brooks
and aman, and this surprised her,

Miss Jefferson hurried home. Misa Brooks

didn't arrive, though her trunk did. Her
friends talked it over and yesterday they
thought they ought to do something about it
They didn't go to the wrliee but told a news-
paper about Miss Brooks's -trange da-
appearance

Miss Brooks's friends areon the stage, They
say they'll give Mise Brooks till Friday and if
she doesn't turn up they'll go to the jolie:
then. In the meantime they fear that harm
may have befallen her, ae she wore valuable
jewelry

MAJESTIC MET THE BIG BLOW,

News That Their Children tn Galveston Were
Safe Awaited Two Passengers.

Cyclonic gales and seas delayed the White
Star liner Majestic, whieh arrived from Liver-
pool and Queenstown on Wednesday night
and anchored outside the bar. She came up
to her pier yesterday morning. Among her
passengers were ('. Oliver L[selin, Lord Revel-
stoke of Baring Bros. & Co., a director of the
Bank of England; the Misses H. and Margaret
Daly, daughters of Marcus Daly. who is ill at
the New Netherlands Hotel; Bishop W. D
Walker of western New York and the Hon
W. W. Vivian. Dr. Thomas Flavin, a physi-
elan of Galveston, who was in Limerick, TIre-
land, when he heard of the disaster in the Guif
eity, was on board with his wife. They cabled
just before they sailed from the other side to
riends in Houston and (ialveston asking about
thelr six children. They received no response
When they got ta the International Hotel in
Clarkson street they found letters and des-
patches awaiting them which said that all the
children were safe, The Doctor and his wifa
left on a morning train for Galveston

“LUCKY” BALDWIN'S NEW STRIKE,

 

Says He Has Fo@nd Rich Gold Claims Near
Nome and Expects to Clean Up a Million.

SEATTLE, Wash, Sept. 2 —According
advices from Cape Nome “Lucky” Baldwin
and his party of prospectors, who recently
Started on a Secret trip.te the Kowgrock die
trict, returned to Nome on Sept. 6 Baldwin
when interviewed said

“T think things are coming my way now.
Out of this new deal, which is as yet my secret
I expect to make $1,000,000 My men secured
all the w ay from 60 cents to $1 a pan in pros-
pect We made over on ‘un ired locations,
all ot which are my possessions ”

ll prospectors at Nome when the steamer
left were awaiting a tip on the new strike to
stampede to the district fron, which Baldwin
brought such glowing reporte

HORSE IN DRY GOODS STORER,

to

Door Wasn't Wide Enough to Let the Wagon
In—Stopped at the Mirror.

Taknytown, N. ¥. Sept. 20—-4 horse bee

  

 

longing to the Hudson River Gas and Electrio
Company ran away on Main street this morn-
ing. When he reached Ambler's dry goods
store he sifpped and fell, then jumping up
he made a dash into one of the doors of the
store The door was not wide enough to allow
| the passage of the wagon « horse broke

  

  

free and bounded into the store ar ong the
Stormers and women clerks Hie overturned
howcuses and scattered things generally
until he reached the rear end of the store, where

| a large, full length mirrer eonfronted him
He paused and surveyed himself in the mirror
until a policeman led him from the store The

at the top of the flagstaff! and the arrow was
making an effort to record all at ones all the
winds ¢t ft ever blew Within @ few minutes
the vane, in tow of the kite, ran around the
compass several tines Lhe tupwing of the
gite which had about twenty feet of string |
iolding ft to the vane, oecasfonally apneared
to threaten the tall Mawstaf! itself, causing
it to sway and bend like a reed whenever t
strong puff sent the kite darting and cire nee
over the building The kite wa fiving at
midniglt, It is likely that the State

may
have to hire a steeple climber to wet \
unless a gale carries it, and mavbe the
with if sway

 

CONGKESSWAN BOUTELIR BETTER.

Hie Physicians Are Hopefal of an Varty
a Complete Recovery.

and

Bancor, Me Sept 29 An offcial report
sent out from the asylum in whieh Cong
man Boutelle is receiving treatment for aphasia
and received by bis family here to-dav. save

without qualification that his condition is iy
The brain obstruction which,
by allowing a physical pressure upon certain
parts, made it impossible for him to properly

control his nerve centre
sorbed under the treatment he has been pe.
ceiving that he is now only slightly troubled
in thought or speech, and in general he is prac-
tically himself again

At no time during his illness has his physi-
ca) condition failed. The physicians sav they
are agreeably surprised at his recent rapid
ains and they are confident enough to hope
or an early and complete recovery This ia
a reatiilas report. such as the family arranged
for at stated period® long ago, but the surgeons
fn charge have hitherto been extremely cau.
their statements

A New Train to Chicago
Central Leaves Grand Central Sia
ton 200 PM. arrives Chicago 4.00 P M. nextday,
Sleeping. Parlor and Dining Cars.—Adr

has so far been ab- |

|
|
|

damage was $150

KILLED AT THE HOTEL MANHATTAN,

Carpenter Working on the Hotel Extension
Fell Nine Stories Down the Airshaft.
Thomas Seaton, of Arlington, N. J, a ear-
penter in the employ of Pottier & Stymus,
the contractors for the inside wood work
on the extension being made to the Hotel
Manhattan, while receiving lumber on the

ninth floor of the extension yesterday
noon grasped at u rope which he supposed
Was securely fastened to the floor above The
rope was not fastened seeurely, but was run-
ning over a puilev,and Seator fal) to the bottom

after-

  

of the building through the space

the unfinished stairway and the wall His
legs were broken and he was injured internalls
He died befo he could reach Flower Hos-

 

pital

SIBLEY DIVORCE SUIT UNDFFENDED.

Husband Hae Disobeved the Court and Will |

Get No Hearing.

Because Richard Clay Sibley, promoter of
com! inations of whiskey distilleries, has not
complied with an order to pay his wife Carlie
Wei! Sthley $850 a month alimony and $500
counsel fees in her sult awainst him for a sepa-
ration Justice Bischoff of the Supreme Court
Vesterday struck out his answer to her suit I;
the answer he dened her various charges of
cruel treatment and abandonment, and the
case will now be tried as undefendec lustice
Hachoff save the moving papers indicate that

 

Sibley has left the furisdietios to avoid eom
Ps ince with the order for alimony and counsel
ee

HUSBAND DEAD: WIFE DYING
He Was Playing With His Bittle Danghter

and Was Stricken With Heart Disease

ivid J Couwblin, 27 years old i plumber
dropped dead last vht in the Kitehen of his
home at 2.06 Amsterdain aveni Mrs, ¢ }
lin is wing at the point of death from ty
fever Coughlin was playing with his
year-old dauwbter when he threw up} aris
andtellover dead He died of heart disease,
tle vctorsad His wife has been toid

 

BUNCH OF THRER SHALL REUNAWAY Ss.

Here, Somewhere, From Moont Kisco and
Thetr Folks Are Worrted,

Fred Archibald, 14 Venrea old, his sister
Rachel, 18. and his brother David, 7 yoars old,
all ran away together from their home in Mount
Kisco last night aud came to this eity They
had nioney enough to buy one full fore tieket
for Fred and two half-fares for Rachel and
David

The poliee are, looking for the litt'e Archi-
bulds

 

 

Postmoster-General Smith In a Ranaway.

BHestisctos, W. Va, Sept
General Charles Emory Smith

20. Posatmaster-

addressed an
enthusiasti: audience of Republicana here to-
night On arriving here Mr. Smith was met by
an escort committee and all started ina carriage
for the hotel. On the way the horses became
frightened and ren away. They dashed madly
Up the street until they collided with an electric
car, causing a bad mix-up, but fortunately no
one was injured to any extent

 

OF Interest to Made Lovers.
Spee al sale of Acollins Seelast page —Ade

between |

LL eS

]
\ |

|

} Were more ine

Rain to-day; fair to-morrow.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

COAL STRIKERS CHECKED:

NO HEADWAY IN CALLING OUT MEN
IN THE ANTHRACITE REGION,

The Markle Men Stand by Thetr Written
Ayreement Kefuse to Strike-The
West Bod Men Continue to Hold Out<In
the Lehigh and Schuyikill Regtons, by In-
Who Remain
at Work, the Output Is Greater Than Be-
fore Mitchell's Efforts Fallto Get the Mea
Oat Near Shenandoah In Many Mines More
Men Are at Work Than Any Day Since
the Strike Began—Operators Planning to
Work the Scranton Region,

and

creasing the Hours of Those

Resume in

HAZLETON, Pa, 2 The attempt of
Mr. Mitchell of Indiana, the strike leader, to
force the 2,400 men of the Markle mines at Jeddo
to their long-standing agreement and
arb differences with their
employers resulted in worse than failure Theres
it work at Jeddo to-day than
Further-

Bepet

Violate

refuse tu trate their

en any day sinee the strike began

hore, the indications are that more will be
Working to-morrow than there were toeday.
Practically all w have quit work at Jeddo
are tnen who live here in Hazleton or ata dite
tance from the mines The strikera not only
have threatened then personally but have
been to their wives, telling them of dreadful
things that would happen to their husbands
Unless they quit work These tactics had kept
a Dumber ot men away from the mines, Others
Who Were voung and who had never been
throumh a strike and rather wanted to see what
} one was like were also induced to quit.
Altowether from 10 to 15 per cent. of the
Markle men were out when Mr. Mitchell made
his @reat play at the Japan schoolhouse me@et-
ing to turn the rest into line. The story of

 

idin THR SUN this morning.
he had the

that meeting was te
Mr. Mitchell said last evening that
Jeddo men with him and that thia morning
would demonstrate the fact Mr. John Markle,
who addressed his eniployees after Mr.Mitchell’s
attempt to suunipede the meeting, did not have
much to say, but was quietly confident. Neither

side atten pled to belittle the importance of
the result. Mr. Mitchell had made no con-
cealment of the fact that if the Jeddo men

remained steadfast to their employer and re-
fused to recognize the United Mine Workers
it would be a serious blow to the strike as a
whole. If, in the face of a written agreement
to arbitrate all which had been
in effect for fifteen years, with the result that
harmony had existed between em-
and eliployvee—if in spite ef auch an
agreement the Jeddo miners struck work at
the behest of a group of labor agitators foreign
to the anthracite region and total strangers
to the men here, then it was reasonable to sup-
pose that all the other barriers to the spread
of the strike, which the resistanoe of the men
in the Lehigh and Schuylkill region had made,
Would soon give way and that the paralysis
of the entire anthracite region would be com-

differences,

absolute

plover

plete

Hut there were other and broader reasons
why the decision of the Jeddo minera was
awaited with anxiety. As Father Phillips

pointed out in his apeech to the Jeddo miners
at the Japan schoolhouse yesterday, if an

agreement? between employer and @iapheweety <<

ae Solent as That wilt existed berwRar the,
Markles and their men, were deliberately ree
pudiated then we might bid good-by
to all hopes of arbitration for years to come,
It would be one of the worst blows organized
labor has ever received. Both Father Phillips
and Mr. John Markle told the men yesterday
to consider all this and consider it well before
they acted

Feged on by the Mitchell strike bureau the
Markle miners on Saturday inst formulated @
set of grievances and submitted them to Mr,
Markle. According to the agreement the
employers have ten days in which to consider
their answer, In the event that the answer ts
not satisfactory to the miners then the arbi-
tration clause of the contract comes in force,

as well

rhis ten davs' time Hmit will expire on next
Tuesday ‘The last thing Mr. Markle said to his
men vesterday was to wait until then and see

Mitchell's statement that he did
bitrate was true or not, and

whether Mr
not intend to

above all to think well what it would mean to
them and to thee labor cause if they vio-
luted their agreement

[his Japan schoolhouse meeting promises
to be the turning point of the strike. It not

only resulted in checking the undercurrent of
unrest, which the persistent efforts of the strike
leaders has succeeded in creating, but it has
turned the tide fn the other direction. Nothing

short of a riotous attack by an overwhelming
humber will drive the Markle miners from
their work. Individuals who had quit because
they were intimidated to-day applied for pro-
tection in wolng to and from the mines and sald

they wonld go to work. They

indication points to the

if thew got it

will wet it and every

 

Markle tuines being in operation at their full
force with i week
MITCHELL'S POOR GENERALSHIP

Asan general Mr) Mitchell displaved lamente
able weakness in his handling of the Markle
affair His obvious poliey was to have let
that hornet’s nest alone. He should have eaid

Here, these men have arbitration of their
grievances They have just what we are after.
My directions to therm is to keep at their work,®

This would have placed the other operators
atadisadvantige, Mitchell could have pointe@

to the Markles and said that he only asked for

 

the men of bis organization what the men of
Jeddo had had for fifteen years. His advantage
in position would have been inunense and he
threw away the chance of his life when he

tailed to take it
ything to put Mitehell in a bad

Phere is ever

   

 

Heht in attempting to break up the Lappy cone
ditions which existed among the Markle miners,
Phey are notorfousiy the mnost contented, most
pros pers cl byeeat red torof ay miners for
t ! vs r d re bright,
clea d 1 You t fod organs and
pianos the pu mid start lace eure
t i i j ehiudren asa
‘ ot me troopine rie a school
clad, briaeht faced rowdof young.
® il {itsa da ITHiey,
I : ‘ ihK PATD
Th iter have dreary
times of eve ' among the pigpens and
thy ’ r & Markie poiner homes,
The f inenth of Anmwust shows
‘Nias ‘ ‘ ‘ tore and coal bills
I it ts monthly
t ' t ‘ ‘ of their
g nAany of the
' ' nt %), $90, and some even $100 and
adit } Aver ee proportion got
fron, $4) to $70
The average of all th * would be over

$4), irrespective of their store and other bille.
They are at liberty to buy at the company
store or not: They may have
doctor or not, as they choose.
of the doctor for the single men {s
month, for a man and his famfly,
If the miner gives an order in writing
the firm will deduct from his pay the dootor’s

is they choose
the company
The co

50 cents a

75 cents

andthe priest's fee. Otherwise he gets his own
doctor and makes his own contribution to the
church

FRER TRAINED NURSES POR MINERS’ PAMILTES.

Mrs. Markle has furthermore imported a
corps of trained nurses from the ality. If any
of the miners or their families fall fll, these

renee

The ¢eteam hee
Beat toe’ cates lhuseee River

 

~

'
}
i
:
}
|
j