mao @enawnwwwe

a

r

,

wmnanenaeann

purses attend them free of charge, Mr John
Markle has built clubhouses, has stocked thetn
with libraries and supplies them with hews-
papers and periodicals, The men organise
their own clubs, There are only two
pany rules—there must be no gambling a d
no liquor, wine, or beer drinking on the club
premises.

It was very bad generalship on the part of Mr,
Mitehell to attack the peace, prosperity and
contentment he found tn this colony of seve ral
thowand persons. Mapectal! was it bad
generalship on his part fo attack ther because
they stood for the principle of artitration in
one of the best and most successful forins it
has ever presented in A great industrial come
mutiity. It was not merely the Markles that

com

he attacked; it was the principle of arbitration |

itwself, the very prindple avout which he has
made 60 much to do aver since he started in to
capture the anthracite region

he SITUATION

The general situation, with the exception
that the strike leaders at least have failed to
soore in their atternpt on Jeddo, remains prac-
thoally as it did last night. The raid on the
Coleraine collieries yesterday, while it

GENERAL

did not) put them out of action,
60 weakened them that their running to-day
was little more than a pretence
The men employed there were thoroughly

intimidated and many of them aid not return
to work today, notwithstanding the fact that
a@ etrong guard was provided The raid on
Panther Valley that was reported late last
night as in preparation did not come off, and
violence to-day heen con
individual scuities here and there which have
Bo great sienificance

Benjarnin Jaines, Mitchell's asso

has ned to some

 

fate In

 

 

@rrangement of the strike here, said this after
noon that he underst as many men were
at work in Markle’s Jeddo mines as there were
yesterday, but at strike headquarters they
were generally very well | sedi With the out
look. The situation hu ~~ got down to
this fine point that the movement of a few
of the miners in either direction would
be regarded as hic! « fant It would
show which wa the irrent is setting,
@ ourrent whieh thos rienced in miners
ways say is Hable to break loose when once
it does turn and sweep everything before It

 

In other words, if there were evena slight br

 

 

in the ranks of the strikers in the tlehtly tled
up Wyoming and Lackawanna regions or io
the partially up Lehigh and Sehuylkill
regions it would be talk ae indicatis fa
speedy collapse of the entire move t On

men molng overt

 

the other hand, a few mo
to the atrikers would be rewarded
meaning & corres)
anoe, The stone
hill and {t would require but a ellaht Impulse
to set It rolling down either side

ns probabls

ding collapse of the restst-

ised at the top of tha

line

  

 

 

 

   

  

the |

probable that the Reading company’s mines
wiil wo on full time of ten hours each day next

week, if it is necessary, and their output may |

uoo cars per day
awar of four

be pegged upto 2

The turning plicants fo

     

   

 

 

   

 

  

  

obs at one of the ianov City mines is lor
lipon as alenifie The mine erinte
or want no labor emiasaries at rm
their men during houra of labor at least Wo
was received here tot t that the Reading
company had agreed upon another navanee
of 25 cents a ton, making an increase ents
ver ton since July The ahutting off ibort
| Eiirwe larters of the anthracite suprly has
| naturally caused apprehension Wholesale
deal who placed orders ye ‘
|} be compelled to pay the advyar
soft coal in the mines ia np fre
| @ ton Orders are booked,
telling whether there will |
is all a jieation fe
the Keading compare «of
the labor leaders are «ure t
it Shenandoah to-imne mw wi
{ ceastul They anv the e_r
| there 1 he tied up and
pany's will quickly folle
[at the Individual collleries f
against company stores, company doctora,

high-priced powder and pay once a me nth in-
Btead of every two weeks. The emplovecs
are Slave largely, and when they are aroused
to strike the others may follow. About two
Dbundred deputies, armed with Winchester
carbines and revolvers, are on duty to-night
in the Schuykill regions

 

WEST END MEN STAND FIRM.

Refuse to Strike Despite the Concentrated
Fffort of Miners’ Union to Get Them Out,
VILKES-Banner, Pa, Sept. 20--The flaht of
the United Mine Workers in the upper coal fleld
wainst the West Find Mine, the
ich is producing
\ force of orwanizershas been at Mocan-
Strikers from

is now directed
only one tn the entire region w
coal
aqua since last Sunday lao
and Glen Lvon have lent their aid, hvery ef

fort has beent the union men tol
bear on the workers at the mir
they had induced or

ine

ide by
influence te
but up tot
| forty men and boys to atop work, The colliery

ay with 430 men and the

 

 

;"

 

evening

 

worked full time to-«
|

     

 

| operators say th an not be induced to quit
| President Nichols haa sent word to the organ-
izers, however, to keep up their efforts until the
mine is idle
A meeting of the Prestdents of local unions

 

this cttw and d
orning and arrangements for con-
a thoroughly systega
This oity is to

| in surrounding towns was

here this i

dueting the strike in

 

manner were completed

the headquarters for all the surrounding dis-
triet, order ire to be distributed froin here
reports received and th's will be the central
|} station for giving out funds and supplies if
long that they are required

j the trike lasts so

 

 
 

» first striker in the coal region to be are
rested for intimidating a workman was sent
to Juil this aft oon He is Joseph Begos, a

 

flungarian and one of the Susquehanna Coal

Company's employees at Nanticoke, Last
night, armed with a double-barrelled shotgun,
he went up to Alexander Mespock, who was

loading coal for the company ut one of the

     

  

   
 

 

 

 

   

  

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

  

 

   

 
  

 

 

    

 

 

    

    
    

 

 

     
 

  

 

 

 

 
 
 
   
     

The two weak points in the strikers’ chutes, and ordered him to quit, Mesnock
are Jeddo and thes wlkill reeion and every | refused and Beg cried ' ‘
¢ fon't auit Til blo oO ad off.”
day that fn sont etronthening these positions | df roudon t quit Il blow your head off
carries danver of ening the now strong] aor icied, He was sent to jail in detault of
Lackawanna and \ Nnex The only | gy su) bail Lhe oMetals of the compan have
are thes front in these two regions | ad da thers of the en who are me
potnt whe a. 7 e it Ave: the lity en arrested 1}
fe broken is at Moconaqu Here the 450 men | i pevent the of w out of the deputies
of the West Frnd ¢ pany still hold ont against | yehien would ed, precipitate t 8
all arguments and reata of the strikers to | at ones, aa the hatred for deputies since the
Induce them t ¢ work Late shooting bas been intense armnoug the
Mr, Mitche!l was not at headquarters this Mat of the strikers applied at the wood
afternoon and there were munors that he had | yardest ed by the Mayor and the Hurmane
he & . ator Mas san 1. et dav and were supplied The il
gone to the es “ = mum) ft fa is ready being felt he local dealers
persistent rumors that he had gone to New | pave almost exhausted their supplies
York, The local paper here which has bitterly IHE OPERATORS’ STATEMENT,
ailed him ainee the o reauk of the strike r yperatorsa to-day gave out the following
again charges that the strike is kept up by | statement the Lehi«l —
Bryan campaign mony and says that Me | ge tye Aakie dco have tor
Mitchell has gone to New York to confer | 15, t Ww in Jedd The Lehigh Vadley
with poltticea! eaders there. Although men at work at Haz
there {is nothing sypecifte « which to ol r oh e ‘
base the belief, it is ' eneral opinion oe
here in Hazleton, as {t is in W eltarre ,that eee out
politios fa back of the entire disturbauce. The } rd te eting
fact that the Bryan newspapers have sefved receive
the troubles with such feverish eaverness and '
have been so outrageous in misrepresenta- Ms
tions of the actual ne that exist here
has had much to ad it ing color to | : li " }
this impression = ft) minds of mans of On tl ird ? i” entire daily
} « >the strike sturted,
who at the first took little stock {@ | i a as been one break in the Shamo-
the charge of } thea compliett { ki ection to-day The men went to work
While present conditions may continue une | al the Enterprise colliery, whieh had been
ohanged during the rest of the week, it Is pee | 7! t Mitchell stated last night that
Heved that Monday next wil a crisis | pe ta v¥ anv single mine or eom-
of some kind =n Sunday the leaders | 1 to arbitrate, and sald the operators must
will have another opportunity a full 4 tasa noe and ey : Fs ee re the M
plate nf . matter if at ne of
day’s work at verfal persuasion Tf they fath | pay igre to reetify all erieva: the mor
to make an frmpresston then there will be left | wonld not be allowed to go to work unless
only penrmasio f an osort I t ; gr id eomy inies igreed lea
sus ehanna Coal Company's v
sald @ man toed) ° ntwer Pars | arty wan cited t Mr. Mitehell It operates
among the miner re “tha mi could & | the mir it’ Nanticoke The men had been
fer ’ ' rth , - ne
man who has been persuaded’ | he real | on st ar : aa ts an, ae oe Fone
earnest way = Tt is generally a case of morgue : se ola, oF ee pouriy Ope 4
or hospftail.” nates
OONE TO SFP ARCHRISHOP RYAN WINE BOSS BRFATFEN BY HUNS.
ther Phil! nt to Philadetnt te .
t — r pin " ee : : ie in Violence tn the Coal Regton Near Shamokin
0 Come ; eee wate as Work itn the Reading's Mines,
to arbitrating t tion at issue between the ; oe % , ,
miners and t! tora, 1 Are } SHAMOKIN. Pa., Sept. 20.—-The most serfous
has aaid that he w d act rhitrator if t since the t - a me the strike in
this district enrred early this rmorntng near
invited to d In thie event i
that the miners are not satisfied w the anawer | Gree Andrew Davis, a fire bos
whioh the Markle compar their et was br Hungarian strikers, Ho
ment of grievances next Tuesday, it ery vas the head with « mpling pins
probable the Archbishop | {onpon, | wae ft for dead near the Pennsyl-
Mr. John Markle anid t glad Miners on the way to work
accept him, and he fs very + tohe acceptable pt arried him home, where he
to the miners. The Markle company save t | now lies {In a erftteal condition, his skull having
evening that the outputot il from) their mines | been fractured. Soon after the murderous
to-day was 100 r nt. greater than on any attack a lot of Hungarians stopped a trolley
day since the atrilce bewar ear and drove the men home to Mount Carmel
PHILADELTI14, Sept, ~The Rey. B.S The miners wanted to work. but were afratd to
Phillive of tin fer irrived thd ty thie | @o Into the mines All the collierles, ex ~
fey t rod ing Nort) rr Klin and Loe t G
evening to « ers \ pt who a! '
hee heen sugested by arhitrater hatwee, | operated by the Philadelphia and Reading Ratl-
the miner nd the ; r \ od 13 dA. were Idle to-da The Gap waa oy ed
ny | \ thest r vit ferable difleulty, The Frankl!
if he had an ‘ é hay * : nes coal GA ever And }
peacefully ter od er Phillips replied er re afrata they will not be able t Sieg
“It is hard toean be nein the | the r t tril Toral coal } rs were
matter of ariitratior { have « eto Phila | roti day tt ay, they powhe net te os i
‘ aries ) eat, pen
delphia to hay « ! Inas on that | Coal has advanced 98 vent
subject with \: : i | the strike pants long a coal famine
Nothing is nh yet it the outeome of | 3 ere AS Wel AS In tne remain fer
the oonfereni 4 D8 ules from various loca) Priladel- ;
S ine Coal and Tron collieries were
STRIKERS WAKE NO WEADWAY, |) te 1 acl SS cay, a Gantt ped to
ehuy lle offie of the Came.
eron colliery sald this evening that unless the
Effort to Get Out the Men tn the “Schavikill men returned to work by next Mondag, he
Region bails Heavy Coal Shipments colliery would Hkely be abandoned Refore
READ'NG, Pa, Sept 2 All tt 1 the trike 1.5) men and boys were employed
wa, Pa, Se : t Uo rained | ey epe
by the Readine compeny fr ‘ k qemesestioememenaen
anthracite district 5 throuwh here to tide j GAINS FROM THE STRIKERS,
water and the dail pinents are the bese
barometer as to the tr tuation at the “ Mines That Were Worked Veaterday With
The shutting down of the connmany's f 4 | More Men Than on Wednesday.
lieries is more than made up now by the ine | Haznetos, Pa, Sept, 2.—All the colllertes
creased hours of labor that nt into effect | working ve d worked to-day and mostly
to-day, and 1,70 cars are now being sent dow wit Inerensed — farces At the Cranberry
every twenty-four hours, or if 45.000 tons | ecolery of A. Pardes & Co. a full complement
of oonl a day, and the sav t lof men was at work and there was scarcely
can be maintained, as t erg em are d=} any evidence that a strike was in progress
termined to remain at work There were twenty-seven more men at work
The impression prevails in the Sehurlkill ind about the mines than there were yee
coal regions to-night t the bor leaders, | terday, when over elghty-six cars an hour
including President Mit left the Read- | were hoisted on the breaker. Many of the
ing district to-day cor rabl ert Jnen who turned up for work to-day said that
All their efforts at M ' cit where 700 | ¢ had not struck, but had only Induleed {np
cars of coal are n j % 1 yselesa, | the il pay-day drunk A number of other
as the mines there ran ty nded fay, | mena alled at the offlee in the course of the
and the chances are thes ritinay .t | da d said that they would be back for work
Shenandoah, three niles goross t ntain, | ¢ 4 rrow. ;
the Reading company's three big lierios | w at le : le nae Pitas
ran all day, nearly fu wide The pre- i flune entled at fA. Par
sumption is that the plae s of ay f the men | dora mor ul hat a_lot
quitting will be prom) t thy the company* i i e ‘ West
miners, who were iM were Lit he t ease
or Shamokin and « pelled juit | Crante killed
The Reading compet rs say they | ie at he v foctly willing t ot
are loyal and can take cur thernselves. |} the ‘1k th ‘ nuld | >
They want no protection by spe A re he 3 Pro.
To-day this was emphatically ehow bi 8 ‘pted
when the miners refused to eet or i : i he a to
train that was manned by fifiy denuties The t the the methods resorted
, rkot.
800 miners got off and would not enter the ay Fa ae ; ' ‘4
. , rated by rdee
care unti) Cart. Christian and his men with. a& nari arly full-handed w it] °
drew. The miners said they Wanted no repeti- | Out troub! In Harweod, « ed
tion of the Lattimer horror, However, the by pin more mer 1
Geputics have been strung along the rm . Wes G fi 7 ew a tant
guard property but oenservative 1 i Coal Cor tons X
apprehend no trouble 2 Driftor : '
nroasbout, the be! wythill region every. | than vecterdas No. 1 Co
ws guist, few were id i 7 : : Hh y
» hele nereased fores At Eckley every Noyee
Bop Sse poeple apa oa no {rapression | - ci SEN ENO;
tle Up some more Beaore "nc toe a y To Cure a Cold tn One Day,
shortage of hands a a8 .. Ww Gays, Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
r t Shenandoa to-day | gists refund the mor y if it fallstocure. E W.

Was nothing iow for after a puy

day It is

 

Grove's signature is orleach box. 250~—Ade

 

THE SUN,

was at work, The same was the case at Buck
ountala, Sandy Run, Hazlebrook and Pon
Cree
the employees there have expressed them-
Beins decidedly opposed to a strike
attempting to interfere
Tombicken,

selves as
and any marchers
with them are likely to wet hurt

Gowen and Oneida are working fullehanded.
The Hazle mine and No. 40 shafta of the Le
high Valley Coal Company had a few more men

at work to-day than they had yesterday

Several men were stopped while on their way
to work at
fleer

but the special of-
bawa 4 Polander

these cr

imiekly el

lieries

used thet

 

 

 

  
   

   

   

who was held un gave his assailant a severe
ing and then calmly pre ‘ded on his

way to lis work. The most serious trouble
yet in this iromediate vielnity occurred
this evening when the men working at No
Amine ofthe Lehigh Vallev Coal Comnpany were
on eir way home. They were waylaid by
a mob numbering hundreds and assaulted
en were so badly beaten that they
incapacitated fre work for some time

The ice p tion at this ee ry

is Inadequate { al ed itself thisevening

 

1
unableto cope withthe mob

entirely

BARTON COLLIERY SHUTS DOWN.

Miners All Quit Near Carbondale Operators
Planning to Start Up the Mines.

SCRANTON, Pa,, Sept, 20.-The chief feature
of the coal strike situation in this region to-day
was the closing down of the Barton colllery
at Carbondale, This has been kept in partial
operation by a few non-union men. To-day
even these could not be induced to work and
the machinery at the breaker was not started,
The condition at the Murrin breaker have
been similar, To-day only seven men were
working there

The railway men belonging to the different
somewhat the
ituation They are somewhat at a loss, ap-
parently, as to what to do when the roads start
te tr infon coal, which will undoubtedly
be soon Frank Howley

brotherhoods are nervous over

ve non

Master Switehman

   

   

    

 

 

 

 

reached the city on a hurry eal] to-day, and
it is believed that he will dilacuss this subject
with the members of his brotherhood
At District No. 1 Leadquarters to-day it was
learned that more than two hundred mi
mine w raers fror t is nel ghit ri
ulready it for the ft-eoal regions,
n are leaving the city every aa said
rt Moers, ‘al the strike continues
nein ot tt a reat number of our
go away
: rning labor Agitator Dileher an-
wed that to-morrow morning places ip the
aofte il regions would be ready for loo ad-
ditiona men Diicher receive 4 Bitimons
to hasten. to ec t with Pres t Mitchell
to-day and responded at once, Hei ited for
‘onstilt regardto the stateof affairs

     

ollieries He is expeoted back

 

here for the big

 

Preparat s are making

 

 

parade ss meeting on Saturd Presi-
t Mitehell come on fror to
w the procession Mase of

 

sare being held nearly eve
part of the county

Phe operators apparently are about to play
some strong card. Just what itis no one seems

 

  
     

 

 

   

   

to} wv, t s confecturad that their scheme
isto mass he rmen willing to work at several
eolllerie ’ min operation

Nationa sald to-day that
{f the mine ton continued to operate
he would isand men here and march
them all the way there to inspire the recalcit-
rants with the example of the union workmen
of the Lackawanna region. The operatora
nifle at tt i pointout that @t Lattimer, as
elsewhere in the past, the marching of the men

wt !

I at ofr sav company Was un-
il eoure enough coal to keep steam in the
! ers and for @ time all ears stopped. Later
soft vas used a the ears ran irregular

  

fourteen of the haavy new cara being taken off

COAL SCARCE IN PORT JERVIS,

Glass Works Shoat Down “he Frie lays Off
Four More Train Crows,

N. Y., Sept. 20-—Owtng to their

a lv of anthra i!

& Ryall of this pla

tonight indefinitely

Port Jervis

“nabliley to secure {te «

   

factors e

 

fered 250 tone of coal but owing
e atril not he delivered. This
it of work, notil the differences are

1 workt 1f whom have
upport

»> the ale train crewa lald off by
yn ita Honesdale branch because of

we of coal from orders

en, most ¢

the mines

 

    

 

  

 

ed to-day to place on the extra list
f son th . York division, which
nPact y Jave off twenty-two mer This is
+ Siar an , tt} of four enetnes ir
' nen 1
| | ' > the lnoea! dealera
{a ning «? large A Uunhts are
furr ot ns a The supply of coal
. ) the « t lghit_ plant here will be
:
4 ted } Saturday If a further supply
ant ' htatned village will be without
ta r thar «late
' ’ tha Frie « many onading eara
fr grea ; wheat and
harle i) wt \ rs of Now
ooh at add sit ! ere during
+? ' r i unt ble The
' warts t! ealr 1 f as porsi-
( , trad earload f Im have been
ried ner dav t the Pris ntll to-day, when
ne vl was shipped The Fr
i nding all pty eoal cars
bite us ul region for coal for its
} t ¢
1OCAL PRICES ROOSTED AGAIN.

Will Probably Soon Be Cancelled
Under the Strike Clause,

Contracts

 

 

Many of the retatl coal dealers {n this cit
decided yesterday to boost the price of eoal
Another pe This decision was made after
the } 1a conference in a downtown
affice } ng The schedule of prices de-
termine pon is to go Into effect Immediately
and is as follows: Red ash for families, $7
for grocers, bakers, and so on, $7 50: white ash
for families, $7.50; for grocers and others, $7 25

 

 

To-day there will probably be an advance in
pea coal and buckwheat coal, and then many
of the retail deniers will probably notify ens-
tomers that all ¢ tracts will he votd and that
the new prices must be | + notice will
bw tr who have le by the
contract " ‘ r thenulll-
! ‘ 1 ntract rikes
Must the ree enancelled
the ' ade f was to be
‘ rted ud aman who attended the con-
i o@ vesterday \ great ¢ l of thia cont
4 to be sent to France Nloat t, however
wus to be hipped to Meditterranear orts,
irsofteoal. There
1 to establish a new
to earry coal ata

 

irged at present, but

 

 
 

t stri ri] i) it The foreign trade will
be thrown to Great Hritain. However, we
never had proper carrying facilities to build
up our coal export trad tly

 

and conseque
will be bre
it few have been

the number of eontracta that
will be few, for the reason t

ma

r
}

 

   

Many of the coal carrying companies notl-
fled patrons vesterday that contracts wonld
be ellad under the strike clause nat
them was the Pennsylvania Coal Comy

SIXTEEN-YVEAR-OLD ROY MISSING,

Hie Father, Architect Anderson of Stamford,
Offers 850 Reward,

Grrenwiett, Conn, Sept. 20.—The asixtaen-
year-old son of Clals Anderson, architect and
builder of Stamford, is missing from his home,
vemploved daring vacation in tha
wne lock shop and as caddy on the
flillandale golf fie was a quiet,
industrious boy, his only bad habit being that of
smoking. On Saturday evening,

 

 

grounds

clvarette

 

 

   
  

 

    
 

 

 

Sent, 8, Mr. Anderson met his boy near the

rbhan Club and gave him 80 cents for

pocket money, cautioning him not to spend it

for clearettes and dwelling upon thefact thut it

would jead him astray The boy appeared to
t" d went away with some con
} is the last noof hin 1

{ {at his ippearance and

f £0 for intormation that will

r- do ointerview with hitn

ine he tall, weighs 140

ve dark hair parted in the

in upper front teeth, low

on tace When last

 

 

© serge Coat
1 blne ribbon
tice has been
York and other

ww hat, wit
hoes,” N
New

  

STRANGLING OF MERRY UNSOLVED,

Coroner's Jory Gives It Up and the Police

Prisoners Are Keleased,

No new light on the strangling of Charles T

   

 

Merry, the Tiger saloon's porter who was found
dead i } on the sidewalk near the saloon
( rhing of Sept. 9, was shed at the
i esterday by ¢ Hart A
Ver idered that «to his
deat rangulation caused in a manner une
known to the jury,” and the Coroner discharged

Patrick Martin, the proprietor of the Tiger, and
Louis Grioux, who had been arrested by the
police on suspicion,

 

 

|
|
|

THEMES OF THE THEATRE.

AN ACTRESS WHO WOULDN'T SPEAK
WHAT THE AUTHOR WROTE.

 

Miss Millard’s Marriage Prevented Her From
Appearing as a Young Wife in a New Play
Comic Songs to He as Negro This Season

as Ever in Our Musto Halls.

Evelyn Millard has lost her job, She is an
actress unknown tn this country, except a
litde by hearsay, but in London she has been
of conaderable account as the feminine leader
{n a stock company matntained by our Charles
Frohman at his Duke of York's Theatre, Mr
Frohman, in all the multiplicity of his dra-
matic enterprises, had never had any trouble

with his actors arising from disobedience
at least none of suMfletent account to get into |
publicity—until Miss Millard demanded that |
the language of a play be altered tw please
her, It is not customary for an actress
of less grads than a star to have any say-
60 in such a) matter, She speaks
the words that are set down for her and in
the manner prescribed. But a réle in “The
Lackeys' Carnival” was submitted to Miss

Millard efa@ht months before the time set for
the production, That indicated a recognition
by Mr. Frohman of more than ordinury im-
portance in her. She was going to get married
to arich merchant, however, and perhaps that
fact impelled him to extra politeness, She
consented to play the part and signed a contract
for a year's service The piece was prepared
for a first performance at the Duke of York's
this evening. But Miss Millard
postponement As lute as a week ago she
declared at a rehearsal that, as a real bride
i personating a lately wedded heroine, she
could not speak a sentence referring to the
paternity of an unborn babe. Very likely
thought that her desire would prevail,
But the author of the plece fs Henry Arthur

dones, bdurate as he is eminent, and his
contracts with managers do not permit the
change of a word in his compositions He

  

he line in question essential, and would
itonut The dissension was telegraphed

 

deemed
th t take

 

 

 

  

  
 

    

   

ito Mr. Frohman, who stood by Mr Jones, but
tried by means of explanatory and conciliatory
despatches to incline Miss Millard — to
her duty But he would net try to
let her edit the now play. She would not re-
spect her contract, and so the performance
had to be delayed. At (rst Mr. Frohman was
inclined to hurry one of his American actresses
to London, Misa Ang!in and Miss Bingham
were ready to go, but instead a Miss Mathai-
son, Who has been play ing in “A Royal Far .
in Landon, the part taken here at the Lyceum
by Miss Russell, las lee transterred, Mr
Jones telegraphed yesterday that she was re
hearsing ftinely, and that “The Lackeys’ Car-
nival” would be ready within a week, And
if it should be @ aneceas, especially. if Miss
lathaison should make a tuiumph, Miss Mil-

NI
Lard will probably be variously sorry.

The fashion in the frivolous popular songs of
a season may be said to be indicated in the early
productions of May Irwin, Weber & Flelds and
the Rogers Brothers. It will be a month before
Miss Irwin reaches us, but two pairs of
German comedians are here and their musical
offerings ere attractive thongh not novel
Much is said about a near death of negro ditties
but they still hold first place by right of ap-
Fiddle-dee-dee” and “The Rogers
Brothers in Cer Park” they are the 1m
applauded nutnbers. An oddity ts that
things liked best In a new German play at the
Germania are some rag-time tunes with German
Even in “The Monks of Malabar’
syncopation wins. Madge Lesaing and Van
Rensselaer Wheeler sing a song not
at all negro in character and Franets
\ilson mmieal pranks at one side of the

etage, while a black servant stands motionless
f After the verses, a dance strat

the

proval, In
oat

tral
the

words,

euts oe

the back ’

    
 

 

   
 
  

 

 

  

  

    

     

   

is plaved, It has a rag-t but
the three prinefpals steps - A.
walk negro, however, @ os
by him characteristicall ga
little out of the ordinary with us, ich
liked in “The Rowers Brothers in Central Park,”
in a coster bal sing by Will Weet, who
has a avmpathetic, th lot powerful volea,
He give ek nay pie and one t4 partion.
larly quaint a d prett Tt telle of a Swain fr
love wit a rather frivolous wirl, Who aeems
to be ing surely, thouat lowly, out of
his re At first he has the fleld to himeelf,
put @ goes on the stage and wears tights,
and then be hns many rivals to contend with,

 

 

 

fhe mo A pls ad nu erin the extrava-
ganza, thous aa neat ne with all the
familiar “po and “baby” wording. It ia

sung principally by Gus and Max Kogers, with

  

   

   

 

 

       

    

 

    

 

   

   

the enoris en dressed in imitat
the Weber & Field’4 w The old
win utilized at the Kroadway Muste
I Rosie,” and has tnuch the same
nah” and its predecessors
of Peter Dailey, is
\ - Bonnie Maginn and Re'le
son are lis eaders of the dancers
etter song than “Rosie” is given in the
nd act by Miss Te ton. It relates
the plight of q negress who wants to “tread
the road of fame." She went on the staea
its hardships were t ich for her, and
she telegraphs Come feteh your bal
hame The words ara humorous and sa is
the n but above all is Mies Templeton's
gent! finns jelfvers she, | May
Irwin, 14 9 omedienne, and n erels
foreten) A third nogr ane n the
Weber & Fields show isn Hian Rus
sell ft is arretty plant iade, on the
or f th Chloe” of year A sone of
real humor that Mises Russell eines with Te
Wolf Hopper is on the rather conventional sub.
feet of bur ue ecomie opera. Miss Kussell
and Mr. Ht rasitsinterr Peters give a double
and persa eaning to seme of the lines I
atarts with a villagers’ chorus, and next ‘
a n enone Miss Russell shades
eyea with her hand and looking off to the right,
warblea che sees soldiers approaching Then

ehe and Mr. Hopper march in imitation of
| climsy amazons The last part is a duet
| between the soprano and tenor, and the

latter has this to say:
They call thie a duet,
Bi t i've not got in yet,
But I'll break tn, you bet
He doean't, though, until nearly the end

when he echoes the prima donna’s words tha
her heart ‘‘beata for me alon The finale is
interrupted by the orchestra _ leader, who

and a
© again sings

ands a bouquet of roses to M.se Russell
etr n@wof beets toMr. Hopper, w
“Reats for me alone.’

Board as at Home
fadiMeult to findina largecity. Such places
though, are to be found advertisedin Tug SuN
under “Select Board. "'—Adv.

 

What Makes Home?

‘lome is made by the family. With-
ou. the love which cores with children
there may be a house but never a home,
in the best meaning of the word. Many
a house which was only four walls and a
roof has been made a home by the
agency of Dr, Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion, Nature sets her face against child.
lessness and “Favorite Prescription”
works with nature to retnove the ob-
stacles to maternity.

"I had been a sufferer from uterine tronble for
about three years, having two miscarriages in
that time and the doctors that I consulted said
l would have to go through an operation before

I could give birth to children,” writes Mrs
Blanche E. Evans, of Parsous, Luserne Co., Pa.,
Box 41, “When about to give up in despair, I

bought a bottle of Dr, Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion and after taking it felt better than I had for
years. Felt improved before I had taken one-
half bottle. After taking four and a half bottles
1 gave birth to a bright baby girl who is now
four months old and has not had a day of sick
ness. She isas bright ascam be. | cannot say
too much in praise of Dr. Pierce's lovorite
Prescription ”

a
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser a work
for every woman is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay cost of mailing only
Send a1 one-cent stamps for paper cov-

ered book or 31 stamps for cloth covered
to Dr, R, V, Bierce, uffalo, N. ¥,

 

has caused a |

eee
7

  
  
   
 

  
 

CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATS.

State Convention Holds a Mecting for Organt-
fatioa—Real Work To-day,
Aartronp, Conn,, Sept 20.—The Democratio
State Convention assembled at the Colseum in
this city at 8 o'cl ok this evening.
session was forthe purpose of effecting a per
| manent organization and clearing the decks for
| the real work of the convention, which will come
to-morrow. Judge John Walsh of New Britain
was temporary chairman aid will also be the
permanent chairman of the convention, In
addition to listening to the speech of Chatr-
man Walsh to-night the convention did little,
| but most of the district caucuses were held
| for the selection of candidates for Pres lential
| electors and the Indorsement of candidates for
| the State tleket, whose names will be presented
to the convention to-morrow
| As told in THis Sun to-day the leading candi-
| dates for Governor are the Hon, Melbert B,

 

 

 

 

Carey of Ridgefield, ohairman of the
Democratlo State Central Committee and
{the Hon. Samuel LL. Bronson of New
| flaven, Fx-Congresaman James P. Pigott of
{ New Haven will nominate Judge Bronson,

and Homer Ss, Cummings of Stamford will noms
inate Mr, Carey. The only other name heard of
| forthe headof the teketis that of George M
| Wood ruff of Litelfleld, and itis possible that his
Nauie will nat be presented tothe convention
The ecindidacy of Judge Bronson of New
Haven has re eived a boom by the action of the
Hariford delegation, which has voted to sup-
port him. He will therefore have as a starter
the tw flye votes of New Hiaven and the
seven {1 Hartford. To-night Judge Bron-
| son seemato have safe lead over Mr. Carey,
j although Mr. Cummings is confident of the se-
lection of the Ridgefield candidate
The convention wil bein the hands of the
silver wing of the party, which secured control
at the time of the Chicago Convention. During
the four yeats since that time the old-
line Democrats have had little to do with party
interests and nothing whatever with party con-

 

  

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

trol This vear the Demoerats outside the
breastworks have endeavored to affiliate
with the regular organization by fore-
ing. Stite sshies to the front and
jening allver and impcrtall<imn The Hartford
delegation selected an old-line Demecrat, the
Hon, Wiliam Waldo Hiyd>, a8 a member of the
Committee on Resolutions, with the understand.
ing that he will offer in the mmittee
resolutions declaring as a leading issue in tie
party plitform in thia campaign the question
of ec nstitutional refor: anda more equitable
representation of the people in the lower branoh

of the Legislature,
STRIKE IN NEW BRUNSWICK,

Machine Printers in the Wall Paper Factory of
Janeway & Co. Are Oat,
NEW Brunswick, N. J, Sept. 20.—The big
wall paper factory of Janeway & Co, is partly
tied up by a strike of the machine printers
The strikers are uncompromising and no other
department of the factory can be operated
The firm has given up hope of adjusting the
diMeulty with the strikers, and an effort ts
e ing made to secre new men from out of
owh

The strike is due to the breaking up of the

 

 

 

National Wall Paper Company in July Then
the factory came under the control of the
frm oWning it priot to the absorption of
the factory by the ¢ . While adjust-
ing @ number technicalities regarding
he transfer the y was sO r five
days isthe r it printers work under

    

ayearly contract, dray eir Wages whether

 

 

  

   

the mill is working or i put In a elatm
for the tin during which the transfer was
pending. The question of t) the men's
claim is against the Natior inv or the
hew firm has not heen ce the men
Insist that the obligation be ned by the
presente tirn The anount involved is several

theusand dollars, and
accede to the proposition of the men

the

firm has

refused to

 

WAGE SCALE QUFSTION UNSETTLED,

Committee of the Amalgamated Confer With
| Representatives of the Steel Compantes,
CINCINNATI
fepublie Tron
American Steel
this morning to
Conf nea

Associatior

Representatives of the
Steel Company and
arrived here

the Wage 8
Committea of the Amalearn
of Iron and Steel Workers

Sept 20
and the
fHloop Company
confer with ile

ited

There

  

was A joint conference last'ng from 2 until 6

PM At its close Mr. Nutt, who is chiet

the labor bureau of the two big companies. said:
Nothing at all was accomplished and we

adjourned tintil
The time was
tails that have

10 o'clock to-morrow morning

spent ir nag over the «ime de-

eccupled each of the four pre-
' ‘

 

     

   

 

i vious conferences The repr sentatives of
the Amalgamated d sed th matters
in su friendly s tlami d to
t) ao nt will be reached
be Cin ati.”

ims of the Amalea-
m rer A ttlerrant
1} c nee 5 the Aral.
« {tte will liave ai conferer
of to-ni@ht, but not to eor lor anys
new ositions, Fx is exactly 4

prey
before the j

 

int confer

QUIFT FAST SIDE STRIKE.

1,400 Shirt-Waist Makers Gatn Demands With-

 

 

    

 

    

 

To-night's |

  

ay OP TM a pl ellen

JILL'S PICTURE UP AGAIN,

MEADQUARTERS HEARS A lt RUUR

» FROM UP THE STATE.

Lost Picture Found at Albany—Perhaps Now

mount Issue—Uill Stone Koanding Up Mis-

sourt Platocrats, Inclading Ex-Govy. Francis,

|

\

| Ex-Senator David B. Hill telephoned from his
home In Wolfert's Roost, Albany, last night to
friends in the Hoffman House, New York city,
that he would not say whether or not he would

accept the post of chairman of the committee
the place assigned

to solicit eampatgn funds

to him by the resolution which ex-Senator

Edward Murphy, Jr, at the euggestion of Mr

Croker, submitted to the Executive Committee

of the Democratic State Committee at. its

meeting In the St. James Building on Wednesday
unani-
Elliot Danforth did not dissent, nor
did Charles N. Bulger, who, !n his speech in
the Saratoga Convention, raked Senator Thomas
Francis Grady for presuming to attack Mr.

night. This resolution was adopted

mously.

Hill.
Mr. Croker and his friends and Mr. Murphy

and his friends said yesterday that they could
see no harm in asking Mr. Hill to take this place
the comrnittee to raise cam-

as chairman of

paign funds for Bryan and Stanchfleld They

went on to tell how much the Democratic
party in the State of New York bh id
done for Mr. Hill They recalled the
offices Mr. Hill has held by and with
the consent of the Democratle party, and
Incidentally {t was mentioned that Mr. Hill
did not attain these officea without the ex-
penditure of legitimate campaign funda,
which, moreover, he did not raise hime

self. It is not necessary to @o into the history

of the banking business of Elmira to tell how
Mr. Hill was once Mayor of
He went to the Assembly, and after
Lientenant-CGiove

they were ralsed
Elmira
that he suceoasively
ernor, Governor, and United States
and waa put forward tn 1892 at Chicago as the
eandidate of the New York Democracy for
President, and all this, it was averred, could not
have been brought about without the expendi-
ture of legitimate campaign funds

E.x-Senator Hill's friends, replying to all this,

was
Senator,

said that Mr. Fill had been fn days past a tower

of strength to the Democratic party, and they

believed that he had wiped off the slate 6o far as

political obligations were concerned to the

| orwantzation when against his will at Saratoga

in 1804 he accepted the nomination for Governor,

Every Democrat there knew that Mr Hill was

leading a forlom hope. After the convention
had been stampeded for him Mr. Hill sat in
lis room at the Grand Union in a rocking chair
He wasinatneditative mood, The door opene 1
and in walked ex-Mayor Thormnas F. Gilroy
of this city, James W. Hinkley of Poughkeepsie,
who was then chairman of the Dumocratio
State Committee, and Mr
then junior [ nmited States Senator

You people have done A nice thing to me
to-day,” said Mr. fill, addressing his visitors,
“You know that the Ude is against us, and yet
you forced this nomination pon tne

That's all very well,” replled Mr, Murphy
to Mr. iM) (and Mr, Hinkley and Mr. Gilroy
orted Mr. Murphy) ‘the party has hone

  
 

;erity and victory
and now we need you to lead
true that this is to be a hard campaign, but
yon are not the man to accept
when everything 1s easy. You must
nomination and fight it out to the best of your
abill
Mr
up the best campalgn he
PY. Morton of

 

know
him

old, and all

how Levi Rhinechi® beat

out of bis boots. In view of that campaigu
of 184 Mr. Hill's friends siidyveste diy tuat he
should net now be called upon to vept the
part of el nan of the Whinittes to raise

{

 

cam pnien f
The tlen
tthe li
irlends

John B. Stanchfleld of Elrnira re=
Tman H terday talking
So did Fleming

|
|
| Bo vou ih ite tines of pro

tise Ve

mained
‘ Wil

with fils

    

 

Mackey of Buffalo. Mr. Stanchfteld, it appears,
takes his nomination for Governor very serie
onsly Hie seems to have an ik that the
7,000,000 Democrats in the United States get
out of bed every orning and inquire, “How
about Stanehifield’ Mr. Mackey ts quite 4
different person. THE SUN has told how M:

Stunchfleld decided to accept this nomination

Governor with the understanding that if
defeated he would have @ morteage on the
nomination in 1902

There ts a diversity of opinion between Mr,
Stanehfield and Mr, Mackey as to how this
campaign should t run. Mr, Stanchfleld
helieves that all of his speeches should be con-
fined to the issne of the trusts, and Mr. Mackey
ists that the campaign In this State should
ted on the lines of the Kansas City
yn which declared imperial-
ismn to be the paramount issue The two gen-
tiemen have settied tt differences on
this questl and they will make speeches to
suit thernselves

| By the way, the fate of the picture of David
|
|

  

né
he eond

National Convent!

   

 

Bennett Hill has been. learned. the picture
whieh was “lost” immediately after the Demo-
State Convention At Saratoga, to
t from headquarters in
That

which
the
now ip

eratic
it had
St. James

een taken

Building jeture ts

   

 

 

 

out Laber Agitators Knowing of It, Albany Itisin the oMece of Mr, Hill on Broad-

A voneral strike of shirt-waist makers against | WAY in the ON of ut , oo ane you wil

: 1 th ta of ew rK, ane ou will fine

| acut in wages, involving 1,400 workers In about the . lel Ire of Hill : Most of a ‘ “6
twenty factories, which has been in progress | pictures were prin 1888, when
for some days, was settled yesterday by a come. | re ran for r. In all of
Ait the Sikieia aki. ait : : the little hotels in the erossroad

ikers are again at work | towne and hamlets you will flnd these mictures

1 was this strike j of Hi, Some of the Democrats feel When they

of the central bodies of ( | k upon Hill’s pleture as the Schoharie
the Bast Side heatd of it until v | county Democrats do when they look upon
Most of the workers are cirls and had Andrew Jackson's and word has been received
working on ailk shirt waistea Suddeniy the } fn New York that they were areatly tne aed
demand for silk waists dropned anda demand i that Mr. flill’s picture had been practically
for flannel LATS arose The wages, which | flung ont of a Democratic State headquarters
were % cents a shirt waist, were cut to bicenta | So yesterday, the flon, Len i. Wager, Sergeant.

| selves,

|

The strike

3 struck

     

§ rs agrecving to pa
e irst East Side strike of
j seize for yeers in which there was no trouble
| with the pickets and no arresta

   
 
 
  

STRIKE IN A COTTON FIELD,

First of the Kind Ever Known—More Pay De-
manded and a Negro Leader Killed,

Sept, 20.—The first strike

ever reported in this

Couvomsra, 8. C.,
of cotton fleld hands
State occurred at F Richland county,
vesterday, They dema ‘do an advance of
10 centa a hundred pounds for picking cotton
W. 8 Hedge, as spokesman for the other
plante refused the demand. flodge was
pursued to his home by 40 negroes, who gure
rounded hia home in which were his wife and
two emall children, They barricaded them-
When the negroes advanced to break
in Hodgeshot the ringleader, He kept the men
at bay for four hours with a shotgun, his wife
standing by with revolver in hand, Finally
three mounted planters came to the rescue
and the negroea { d, They are still threaten-
ing. There are twenty negroes to one white
in that region

istover,

 

   

  

 

Kept Faith With Ite Employees.

A letter has been received by the Miscel-
laneous Section of the Central Federated Unton
from the Hilson Company, a firm of cigar man-
ufacturers which has settled with its striking
employees, denying a complaint that the firm
had not kept its agreement with the etrikers
when the strike was settled. It was oharged

that the firm had not taken back all its hands
in accordance with itsagreement. The Hiison
Company saysthat it can satisfy the section
that it has xept faith with its employees in
every particular

Torpedo Boat Bagley to Be Launched Next
Week.

Batu, Me, Sept. 20 -—The new torpedo boat

Bagley will be Inunched from the Bath Iron
Works on Tuesday, Sept. 25.

 

 

Hanged Iimeelf in a Cell,

Michacl Connelly of 131 Cook street, Brooklyn,
& ropemaker, committed suicide yesterday

afternoon by hanuwing himself tothe door of a
cell in the police station houseat Newtown, I. 1
He had been arrested for intoxication.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

 

Coroner Hart yesterday committed to the Tombs

Alexander tewart, the boy who stabbed young
Edward Peisel to death in the House of Refuge last
wrek, because he told tales A Jorge found that the

Peisel boy's death Was due to his wounds

Printed mus of “Where the Sweet Magnolia
Bloom” and ‘I'd Leave my Happy Mome for You"
was selaed yesterday atthe store of Jason Sanger, &
Avenue A, ur order of Judge Lacombe ine
teht sult spiro, Bernstein and Von Tilzer,
piates Were not found

Two year-old Abraham Kuftler of 308 Grand street,

 

   

 

hile crossing Suffolk street, between Hroome and
| Grand 6@treets on Wednesda ran in front of a coal
wagon and was st n by the horse He wal 1

 

parently unburk Ve

 

| away day he die The
| driver wasafrested but was paroled pending the in
quest

 

Timothy HKurke was arrested yesterday afternoon
in Sixth avenue, charged with having a roll of silk,
for tie possession of which be could not satisfactoriiy
account The polies learned later theta friend of his
Wasemployedin Ehrebh Hros’ department store tn

 

Sixth avenue and that dress goods had been missed |

in the store for the last seven
tll to-day. .

mouths He was held | orm fee

State (%¢
rot a
had it heautifullv
Demoeratio
to-day

ittee

fine

of the Democratic
ind town and he
of Mr. fill fle
framed at q thor it was stuckup tr
State Headquarters, and there it is
beside that of Mr. Murphy and not far off from
Brran and Stevenson,

The fon. Arthur Pue Gorman of Maryland
has gone back to his pleasant home in Laurel
Mr Gorman will return to New York oecasion-
ally during the campaign. The flon. “Quin-
«hoe Rill” or the Hon. “Shirt-tat!l Bill" (which-
ever you gy se) Stone of Missouri is still wan-
dering around town Meantime the Repub-
lieans are making hereulean efforts to earry
Missouri One of Mr. Stone's friends said
last nicht

Fx-Gov
ocrat, and
says that ts the only way to learn what i- g ing
on. During the day he ls at the Hoffman
Honse, where the National Committee {s think-

about open f a headquarters, but in the
he circulates around where the plu-

  

at-Arms
hustled ar
Picture

very

 

 

 

Stone is Miseourt's greatest Dem-
he believes In golng about. He

 

his eagle eye lights on one. Last night he
saimtered into the Waldorf-Astoria He had
only taken a few steps/in§jthe cafstwhen he
heard a famillar voice sing out “Hello, Gov-
ernor,” and right in front of the tall Missourian
utoerata of St. Louisa
Julfus Walsh and
of these gentlemen
and

sat three of the finest
Ex-Gov, David Francis
Major Henry Ames. Al
had run away from Mr. Bryan. in 1s06,
some people belleve they are still running.

Gov. Stone folk:
He sat down,
allied with a

wed hls usual amooth tacties
~oured out a little champagne,
ittle lobster and epened
favorite subject, ‘Trists’ and ‘t
The gentievnen agreed that
tafe, evenif Mr. Bryan should be elected hecause
thev thoneht that Gov. Stone was sure to be
fn the Cabinet and his well-known conservatism
was bound to have a sort of balancing effect
Gov. Stone insisted that these wayfaring Demo-
erats come back into the fold Tf thay couldn't
stand for silver there was room enough under
the broad roof of tmperialism for them to take
Francis promised to take

 

on hie
mperialism.’

the country was

 

 

a front seat. Gov

 

62 DAYS ALONE ON THE OCEAN.

Sustained by Grape-Nats Food.

Captain Blackburn who salled from Glouces-
ter, Maas., in a small boat 20 feet over all, tor
Gloucester, Eng, in June, 1809, carried with
him, by order of lis Doctor, a variety of differ-
also \ little oil stove to prepare them,
Conspicuous among these foods
named Grap -Nuts

When Capt. Blackburn got to sea, the weather
waseostormy, and the water rougi, that he
Wis compelled to stay atthe wheel the moet of
the imeand was unable to run his stove and
prepare food. He subsisted almost entir Jy on
Grape-Nuts food which is ready cooked and
which he poured directly from the little boxes
into bis hand or mouth

Aithough weakened by the continued drench-
ing, fatigue and exposure, he made the vorace
Puceessfuliy, which his piysician says would
have been well-nigh tiipossible, and probavly
entirely impossible, but for Grape-Nuts tood
Having found Grape-Nuts food so wonderful in
ite invigorating and nourishing effects, the caj-
tain, Upon his return, acting on the advice of
his physician, continued the use of the food,
steadily gaining in heakh and atre: et

Capt Blackburn and the piysie.an, whose
name ia omitted as a pr
we lekr own doctor tn 6
eon be given upon app

ent foods

the doctor

“sional courtesy (a
@ icester, whos
son to

 

» name

 

the stum

Fle Will Pitch Io and Rotse Fands Stanch-
ficld and Mackey at Odds Aboat the Para-

Murphy, who was

is again, It is

nominations
take this

flill made no further murmurs, but put

 
 

 

HOLD O8 10 YOUR CON

| and don’t let go of a dollar for your fall
!elothes until you have looked through our
stock of Woolens and what we give in
Suit or Overcoat-to-order for

see

15.

The pick of over $00 patterns of the Finest
Imported and Domestic Goods.

W. C. LOFTUS & CO,,

1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.

AND

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge

 

As the addition
of water docs
not affect in the
slightest degree
the unmistak-
able flavour
and aroma pe-
culiar to

“Canadian
Club’
Whisky

1 no matter how
high the dilu-
tion, a High
Ballmadefrom
it will be found
delightful to the
taste and unus-

ually satisfying
[See ee ee

The engraved stamp of the Cana
4 ¢ian Government, under wuose
supervision ‘CANADIAN CLUB"
is Sot tled, fe a guarantes of its
ago and genuinencss, @ A O
"
————

 

 

 

    

the matter under advisement; but Ames and
Walsl, were unable te thetand the eloquence of
| the great Missouri p sopher They agreed
to go with Mr. Bryan on ‘{mparialism,’ but to
| reserve the richt to think for themselves on
} 16101. Gory. Stone says that he will land Gov
Francis at the next sitting of the plutoernc
Some of Gov. Francis’s friends belleve that he
is beginning to wish that he was tn the Hone
| Joel Stone's shoes. Mr. Brvan can see that
even if the National Cominittee ts moribund
| in New York Gov. Stone {fs not losing any
} the.”

 

LIVE WIRE KILLS TWO MEN.

 

| The Second Man to Die Was a Victim of His O wa

Curtosity,
WASHINOTON, Sept. 20—In thelr efforta to

 

| been surrounded by

tap a keg of beer, Thomas Hall and Michael
Hurley were killed last night in the cellar of
the saloon of J. J. O'Keefe, 1116 Seventh street,
northwest, by contact with an electric light
wire, The remarkeble fact concerning tleir
deaths is that thre@ hours elapsed between
them and that Hurley deiiberately went to his
death after having witnessed Hall's fate

Hall was a negro porter weighing 200 pounds.
He was sent to the cellar to bring up a keg of
ber and entered it through a manhole barely
large enough to give him admittanca At the
| side was anelectric light wire cable which had
wooden boxing, broken

away by the dropping of beer kegs {nto the

 

 
  

| cellar, Hall could not enter the cellar without
touching this cable and as he lowered himeeif
he wrasped it with one hand. He fell futo the
cellur dead The body was removed to the

bor:
'

| Morgue

hrea hours elapsed during
to any one to have the wires attended
the current aliut off, but all minds were
concentrated on securing the kew of beer which
had already cost a life At 11 o'clock William
Broderick, the bartender, announoed his inten-
tion of securing the kew and passed through the

it which {t never
oceurred

     

 
   

| mant Hie was followeda few moments later
| br h 8 tant Hurdes
Brod *k directed Hurley to return to the
| bar an 1@ latter ascended the steps, As near
| as can be learned his ecvriosity got the better
} of him and he deliberately touched the cable
with his little finger to see if the current was
still there and as efiiencious as it w three
| hours before. His curiosity was amply satisfied,
| for his hand closed about the cable and withouta
| word he sank to the floor dead,
| After the death of Hurley the repair wagon
was summoned and the electric cable was put
} out of operation, no one else caring to test
| ita powers of execution. Hurley had been
| employed in the aaloon only one dns Whether

 

Cereal Co Lid, Battle Creek, Mich.) look upon |

ing
evening
tocrata are to be foun
Gov Stone can tell a plutoecrat the moment
|
}

Grrape

Nuts as the most pertect form ol
know

. and especially applicable to the use of
to long continued ex
e.

  

food |

| sociological matters and made the

| be

} iner

the } f heer, which had cost two lives, was
finally secured and tapped, does not appear.

   

THE INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION,

Prof. ©. Dana Durand Chosen Secretary ta
Place of W. BK. Sackett.

WasirInoarun, Sept, 20,—At a meeting of the
Industrial Commission to-day the positfon of
secretary, held by W. E. Sackett of New Jer-
sey, was declared vacant, and Prof. ©. Dana
Durand was unanimously elected, Mr, Sackett
has been absent for nearly two months and ts
said to be employed on a New York newspaper,
Prof, Durand haa been acting as assistant seo
retary and secretary. tle is a specialist in
nprehen-
tive digests of the testimony before the Com-
mission on Trusts, He is from Laiand Stanford
University, California

 

 

    

 

   

The « nission to-day heard H, C, Fry of
Rochests N. ¥., President of the National
Glass Ce ny. He testived that while 10 per
cent, dividends were paid on the atock of the
company no allowances were made for wear
and tear, The come y consisted of nineteen
sinall companies, which were making nothing

re the combinatic They bad no atrikes,

 

ed emplovees had been
sed 25 7 Ail the branches em-
ployed union men. He thought emplovers did
not, as a usual thing, ike Proper interest in
thelr employees

and the wages

    

Popniation of Cities.

WASHINOTON, Sept. 20.- The following ponu-
lations were announced to-day by the Census
Bureau:

Watorbury, Conn, 46,850; {nerease, 17,215, or
60.08 per cent.

San Antonio, Tex,,
41.54 per cent

Auburn, N. Y.
per cent

Williamsport, Pa.,
§ 09 per cent

Easton, Pa., 25
cent

53,321; Increase, 15,668, or
5; Increase, 4,487, or 17.35

1,628, or

 

28,757; increase,

 

38; Increase 10,767 or 74.28 per

 

Army and Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON, Sept 20. — These army orders were

issued to day

Iieut, Col, Henry Ro Brinkerho’, Eleventh Ir

fantry, to his home and await retirement from active
gery cr
Acting Assistant Surceon George Newlove, from

Fort Leavenworth to Fort Sil

These naval orders have heen lesued:

 

   

Lieut, W. ©, Cole, tor tlonal duty at Washington
Navy Yard as executi and re y officer of sen
men's quarters, ving I ‘i. «6GISse, Who
will continue other duties att yard

Wolcott Declines Ambassadorship.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 1 The Pr lent ha
reweived from ex-teov. Ton
naton of his appointment as A weador tu
Ital)

Staten island and Its Advantages,

of compased with other desirable home-alte @iatshea
Sunday's SUN, Sept 28.—Ade

foll
to
deva
°c
Ong
he is
fince
dum

piles

ad
the
who
the
him
belf
enco
Ame
On
Gert
w om
Cong
fn J
Guild
The
of m
tween
when
the
To t
smith
nelu
were
what
i
nga
A
ast
Rear
repo
o n
as
tho