ot

eeory eee ae

ae

My

Ft a

  

———

ROOSEVELT’S DAY IN UTAH:

HIS FIRST SPEECH MADE AT LOGAN
IN A MORMON TABERNACLE.

Enthustastio Receptions for the Governor

There and at Brigham and Ogden--Promt- .

 

nent Mormon Desertions From lryan
Sentiment of the Mormon Charch.

Oapen, Utah, Sept 20 ‘The first meeting
which Gov Roosevelt addressed in the State
of Utah was held fn a Mormon tabernacle. It
was at Logan, a little town on a branch of the
Oregon Short Line, whioh is almost altogether
a Mormon settlement. Every Mormon will
tall you that the Church of Latter Day Saints
of Jeans Christ is distinctly a spiritual body
and never meddles with sectarian affairs He
wil] tell you that the Church never interfered
with the politioal beliefs of its members. But
the fact that permission was given to the men
and women of the church division here to re-

ceive Gov. Roosevelt in their tabernacle is a
algn of the times ‘

The building was used once before for a
political gathering. That was in 1896 when
the people were carried away by Bryan fanati-
clam, and the tabernacle was turned over to
Wilfam J. Bryan for a meeting. The event
made a great scandal in the church, and there
were intimations from all parts of the Mormon
communion that never again muet a tabernacle
he desecrated by devotion to a partisan secular

aise To-day the use of the tabernacle by
the Republicans for a Roosevelt meeting was
the resultof strong representation to the central
hody only
name of the church which had been left there
wv for a Democratic meeting could be

wed was by neutralizing the effect of that
frst neeting by using it for the advancement
of a Republican cause

The reasoning process employed in reaching

opelusion auch as this ts charactaristic of
uation of Utah in politica. One of the

en of the Church was interviewed by a

that the

he ita

 

 

grea
to-day He is one who has always
' lentified with the Rapublican party The
er, who knew this fact, thus approached
: , told that the Mormon Church ie at
t wooratic organization
n flushed and it was quite apparent
that wae angry He shook his head and for
t was almost too much agitated to
' Vien he recovered part of his equa-
y.} rick
e The Church ts not iu politica,
] say, sir, that so faris what you have
b the truth that this vear most of the
tial churehmen are Republicans in sen-
4 t
those two words, “this year,” is the key.
pete of the whole Utah sitnation, in the opinion
‘ though thenselves Mormons, have
nh ass ed with them long enough to know
re of the inner workings of the sect than
evel meof the lester members. “This year”
the President of the Chureh, in assigning elders,
basin a majority of cases replaced Democratic
¢ «Ww those who have been identified

with the Republican party “This year” the

 

 

chairman of the State Central Committee is a
M n. Mr. Callister. The honor was one
entirely unexpected by Mr. Callister, whose
a n polities has not before been marked
juestion which has inunediately sug-

gested {tself to those who have had these facta
to their notice is why the Mormona

id seem to be verging toward the = party

“ h haa sacrificed, as it thought, the po
litical advantage to be derived from thelr
tnendship when it closed the doors of the Na-
tional Capitol against Brigham H. Roberts,
the polygamist. Those who ask thia ques-
tion are at once reminded that Heber M. Weile,
the Governor of the State, who went to Poe
catello, Idaho, to welcome Gov, Roosevelt,
sald wher the Roberta case war
before Congress that the Congressman
who voted to etve Roberta his seat was

voting against the wood name and the welfare

of the State of Utal Gov. Wells is a Mormon
of the most authoritative type. Nowhere tn
the Fast is there to be found a more energetic
denouncer of polygamy. than he. They tell
5 that the Morinon Chureh has abandoned
} rgamy and wants to be considered as a
aw-ibiding sect that is as amenable to the

» ‘and and is as patriotic as the Metho-
«ft, the resbyterian, other

 

oa or any reiigzious
hody Then they hint that perhaps it is pos-
a that Roberts was put forward to test the
strength of the Church, not to test anti-polyga-
r aentiment, ¢t to diseover ehathar the
¢ eh was stronger than the dominant political
} arty The desired information was secured

istakable termes
far as the Church teacher cure leasons to
her people, to adopt the phrase of one of the
she will impress upon them in this
of utmost importance to all good citizens,

they shall seek the leadership of those
iticians who stand for policies that will
anee the United States amonw the nations
ther words, the words of another Mormon,
uiner has gone abroad thhrt the Church haa
eived a revelation as it always does in
days, and that the revelation is that
desires the success of the Republican
State of Utah this vear
made this remarkable
made it with his eyes big with
‘xaltation There was no question-
wis jlovalty to the revelation. He believed
His profeasion faith was repeated to
tor. Wella who pooh-poohed. It was a nar-
row-mlnded lie te said, put out by the ene-
es of the church to make the church ridicu-

ren

 

the

who

 

  

of

 

 

 

 

is, The irch was well used, he said, to
® rheap forms of abuse. For reasons that
t juite apparent his attention was not

drawn to the fact that the man who had stated
the revelation was a member of his own party
and apparently on the closest terms of social
1 ne with him

The meeting in the Gache Stake Tabernacle
nh Was a Queer experience for all of the

  

 

at Log
Feasternere, Gov, Roosevelt was escorted
through the streets, streets that were shaded
with thickly leaved cottonwoods, and that had

clear suoOW Water streams running in the gutter

 

    
 

on each side, and then the committee took
him for an hour’s ride out of town to the Utah
Agricultural Collewe on its bowutiful site on
the mountainside. When he returned to town
he found thet the tabernacle, which is built
as ane other church in « town of the same size
would be built was full of people. The main
r f the building was up a flight of stairs

Over tho altar was the legend in gilt letters,
“Holiness to the Lord.’ On the platform were

n portraits of Presidents Grant, Lincoln

aid Mehinl These were draped with Amer-
jean fas
PB Gut of courtesy to the women in the audience

the firet speaker was not Gov. Roosevelt but
Mrs. J. Elen Foster, who is speaking to the
won ters of the State under the auspices of
the National Republican Committee, Nobody
with Gov. Roosevelt expected that the Mormons
ed in their tabernacle would demon-
their approval of what he said by so
muh as applauding, When the Governor was
introduced, though, the Mormons stood up in
the pewa and roared out their greetings. The
women waved their handkerchiefs and the men
waved their hands, One man near the front
row shouted: “Three cheers for Gov. Roose-
velt, and (he indiscriminate cheering broke
into regular cheers They were followed by
three more cheers for McKinley and Roosevelt

 

When the Governor was through they rose and
C)}eered again

At v Roosevelt the meeting was_ad-

one of those who walked out of the

onvention with Senator Teller. He

cresstnan Allen of this district, Mr

lared himself {n unmistakable terms
led his hearers that he was one who
» Republican party at St. Louis to

an
iow him no longer,” he said

 

   

 

     
 

 

 

“I
m then because he seemed to me
eran He seemed to me to be
the cause which was then closest
ir I can believe in his sincerity no
; Mr. Bryan was 4 sincere man then,
«+ sincere man now. For if he was a
® \ he would not be going about
ter on this sublect east of the
Miss rm fuver. Tt he were a sincere man
he {not go about the East encouraging
the nomination of candidates for Congress
¥ he knows, vote against free silver on
the floe the House. And even did I belleve
hin to be a sineers an IT could not bring my-
6 for a man who is lending aid and
ikerment to those who are firing on the
A ‘ age”

: ' re the tabernacle trembled with
¢ mone of and the ring of cheers
Orta Shhof the voters of Logan, men and
en. were dn full syvinpathy with the former
ys There were very few families
. A ve 0 we not represented there. Col

} Senator Shoup also spoke
JT ext meeting was at Brigham, the scene

 

   

 

  

¢ the bloody scenes of the fights be-
tween Mormons and Gentiles before the days
v te tuel and political weapons super-
Seeded physical atrif The meeting at Ogden,
the third and last of the day, was a whopper
iat r great disgust Apostles John Henry
t th d Reed Smoot and a number of others
i" « the Governor and the Chief Juatt
were obileged to hurry on to Salt Lake to see
what the could do with the obstreperous
; ferant-Governor who had been appoint-

eal rited States Senator In their absence

A pleasant surprise came to the Governor
As the train wae e ving along the edge of the
} rf ifion je was confronted by a
Tepoter of @ Salt Lake newspaper who had
been a trooper in his regiment. The trooper
was fluehed with pleasure and pride, as all of
those who have visited the Governor on the

Wain have been, but he also wanted an inter-

way the stain upon the good |

 

 

 

view, Every time he started to ask a question
the Governor would remember_some incident
of the Santiago campaign. The train was

fairly into Brigham before the reporter got the
first intimation of fact that the Governor is
not giving interviews for publication

Che several and separate refrigerators of the
Various campalgn cars were stocked with game
birds of all sorts at Brigham by former Assist-
ant PostmastereGeneral Heath. who has been
on @ hunting trip in this vicinity and was walt-
ing for a train in Brigham station

The Ogden meeting began before the red

low of the sunset had left the sides of the

ahsatch Mountains, which almost overhang
the city. Large quantities of gunpowder
far beyond the municipal regulations, hac
been imported for the occasion and waa let
off at varione unexpected places as the pro-
cession of Rough Riders which escorted the
Governor around through the town. The meet-
ing was in the opera house, which was filled to
suffocation with a crowd that yelled until the
church meeting at Logan seemed like a veri-
table Quaker meeting. The Governor will
speak in Salt Lake to-morrow night

 

HANNA ON NEGRO VOTERS,

Sees No Reason For Any Defection on Their
Part From Republicans.

CHICAGO, Sept. 20—Senator Hanna to-day
discussed the alleged dissatisfaction among
colored voters. Hesaidhe could not understand
upon what ground a defection would be accom-
plished. Declaring his own friendship for the
colored people and pointing to his record as
evidence, he said that the interests of the Re-
publican party and the colored man were com-
mon, and that the effort of the Democrats to
effect a separation waa a political experiment,
dubtous in ita motives

“There ts considerable talk,” said Mr. Hanna,
“about the colored man forgetting the war and
the clreumetances of hia freedom and casting
his lot with the Democrats and the vagaries
of Bryanism I do not bellave that many
colored men will vote the Demovratic ticket,
because they are too intelligent to vote against
themselves. ‘The same issues that affect the
ettizenship of this country, of all classes, creeds
and conditions affect the colored men

  
   

 

 

Kishop Benjamin W. Arnett, of the African
Methodist Church in whose jJudement L have
the greatest c fences, has ist been to see
me, and he reports that colored te yple all
through the West will cast their votes for the
Republican car fate, and that e allewed
defection has no seriousness Bishop Grant,
who is reported to have gone over to the Der

crats tho
dolne oh thi Tha
In fact, I cannot see why
ple should vote anything but

ine hit

 

ime ik

« that he has not
inv such thd

ed peo
ibhean

the color
the R

   

 

 

 
 
  

ticket The Republican party ha yeen the
friend of the newro since he acquired his ci
yenshin and before his freed , for that n

ter. There ie very little consiste in Rote
of their object 4 to the Republican cand
date for Vice sident. I wonder who is
more secepta to the eolored people, Mr
Roosevelt, or Mr. ‘Cilln f South Carolina?

of the Civil Service Commis

“As President

sion, Mr Roosevelt opened more places f
young educated colored men all over the
country than any one else

the State of New York he has been the frier
of the colored people He fought with
in Cuba, and the highest tribute that he
heen paid to the colored soldier was paid }
him This. however, is not a campaign o
man, but one of measures The country
threatened by a scheme of the degradation of
ite currency, the congestion of its commerce
and the thwarting of ita prosperity, and the
colored voter as a citizen al ould do hia ntmoet
to defend his country against cial
freehooters T have nodoubt about the lovalty
of the eolored man, and I have the utmost
faith in him in the coming contest

As Governor of
1

je

com

 

 

THE “PRAYER CHAIN’ IN RROORLYN

Repudiated by the General Officers of the
Kings Coantr W. Cc. T. U.

The official statement in regard to the so-
called “Praver Chain" for the defeat of Preast-
dent McKinley has been made by the general
officers of the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Kings County

Since there seems to be a general misunder-
standing as to the attitude of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union regarding
“praver chain” started bv Mrs. Balch of Indiana,
to which so much prominence has been given
by the press, we, the general officers of the
Kings County W. ©. T. U., would state that
such “prayer chain” has not received the in-
dorsement of the national union, that of any
State, nor, so far as we have learned, of any
county or local union,

We regret the action taken by Mrs. Balct
and protest against the individual opinion
of anv member helng considered representa
tive of the entire organization

For the past four vears from. thousands of
homes and hearta of ribhoners” has
the prayer heen ascending that the Chief Magie-
trate of our nation mat ave strength of hod.

the

white

 
 

wiadom, discretion and courage in the arduoue
duties and responsibilities that have pressed
upon him: and, while we wish it to be emphar
feally understood that we. as an or@anizatio
deplore his attitude on the canteen que

 

ledged as we are to the discouragement of
1

all traM®le in intoxicating beverages, we are
netther working for nor against any candidate
Abaolute freedom of opinion in all politieal

matters is granted br our constitution to ever
member Saran Tostas
Acting President
Ipa A. Crart
Recording Secretar:

SanIF A. 1. Rencenr
Corresponding Secretary.

MATILDA Tit MPARON
Treamirer.

 

COUNTY COMMITTEE RATIFIES.

 

Cheers for the State Ticket- House to-House
Canvass Proposed.

The Remiblican County Committee held ita
first meeting after the summer vacation last
evening in the Murray Hill Lyceum, and em
thusiastically ratified the State ticket and plat-
form. The meeting called out an unusually large
number of the committeenien. Gen Greene,
the President, made a short speech congratu-
lating the Executive Committeemen on the
success of the four great meetings which were
held on Friday evening last, and recommending
that a series of district meetings be head at
which the facta on which the Requblican party
{s conducting its campaign can be laid before
the voters The members of the committee
and all the candidates for office should, he said,
join in a house-to-house canvass,

George W. Wanmaker offered the resolution
indorsing the State ticket and platform. In
speaking of the ticket he said

‘In all the years that I have taken an interest
in political matters | have never known of a
conyention whose work has given such un-
qualified satisfaction to the Republicans of the
State.’ :

“When Mr. Odell is elected,” said Joseph
Murray {n seconding the resolution, “we can
congratulate ourselves that we have a Gov-
ernor of the whole State and all ite people and
a loyal, true Republican.” The resolution was
adopted with a cheer, The conumittee adopted
a resolution expressing sympathy with the
family of the late Comptroller Morgan

—__———-

GERMAN-AMERICANS ACTIVE.

 

Gratifying News Received by the Committee
on Organization Yesterday.

At a meeting of the Committee on Organiza-
tion of the German-American McKinley and
Roosevelt League yesterday nearly all the
delegates were present, and their reports and
the enrollment lists were received with cheers

and acclamation. The delegates reported that
a large number of the election districts in each
Assembly district had been thorogghly or-
anized, and that thousands of indepeTident and
Yemocratic voters had been enrolled The
caropaign paper, the United+ States Gagette,
which, it was said, is more widely circulated
than all the other German papers in the city
combined, has done effective work, according
to the reports

The league has held many successful meet-
ings, some of them in Brooklyn, Richmond,
Queens and The Bronx From up the State,
reports gratifying as those from the city were
received Branches of the league have been
organized in most of the counties. The date
of the mass meeting which is to take place at
Cooper Union, and at which Gov. Roosevelt
{s to speak, will be announced shortly

SMASHED,

 

TAMMANY SLATE

Westchester County Convention Turns Down
Candidates Favored by Wigwam.

Waite Puains, N.Y, Sept The Demo-
eratic County Convention to nominate can-
didates for Surrogate, Sheriff and Coroner was
held at St. John’s Hall, in this village, to-day
The Tammany slate as made up was John A
Van Zelm of New Rochelle for Sheriff and Arthur
J. Burne of Yonkers for Surrogate The slate
was smnashed in the convention — State Com-
mitteeman J. BReaudrias of Yonkers lost
control of the convention because the Yonkers
delegation were against the proposed slate
Ex-State Committeeman James P Dunn of
Yonkers was named for Sheriff, defeating the
Tammany candidate by a vote of 52 to 35
M Thompson of White Plains was nomin
Surrogate and David C loenstain of Rs
nominated for Coroner

d for
Wa

 

  

Staten Island and Its Advantages,
as compared with other desirable bome site districts,
See Sunday's SUN, Sept 23.-—Ade.

 

a <n SSS SSS SSS og ee
SSS SSS Ss SSS SSS

BRYAN’STOUROF NEW YORK |

CUTS OUT NEW ENGLAND AND PENN-
SYLVANIA T0 GET MORE TIME HERE,

At Home Now to Rest for His Final Stamping
Trip—Satisfied With the Tour He Has Just
Completed—Talks to Old Soldiers, Promts-
ing to Care for Their Laterests if Elected.

LINCOLN, Neb, Sept. 20—Mr. Bryan ar-
rived home late last night, long after the crowd
that had gathered to welcome him had tired
of waiting and had gone home
spent looking over his mail and reading a half
dozen different editions of his blography which
have been sent him by the respective authors

Mr. Bryan would not be interviewed on his
trip, but he was evidently much gratified
To several callera he said he had large au-
diences everywhere and that the enthusiasm
shown indicated that the people were aroused
His volee shows the effect of hard usage, but
otherwise he is {n excellent health and brimful
of confidence

With the exception of two days’ speech-
making, he will spend the next week in resting
up. To-morrow he speaks at Syracuse and
Weeping Water, and on Saturday he will cam-
palgn in the rural districts of Lancaster county.
He has very little to do in the literary line.
He will write no formal letter of acceptance
of the Populist nomination. He accepted the
nomination in his speech at Topeka, and, while
the Silver Republican notification haa been
abandoned, he haa a letter to write to the Na-
tional Cormmittee

On Thursday of next week Mr Bryan starts
on his last and longest trip of the campaign,
4 trip that will end only on the eve of election
New England States and Pennsylvania were
in his itinerary, 4s originally arranged, but he
has struck them from the list of States to be

 

  

visited and the additional time will be given
to New York He goos first to South Dakota,
thenea to North Dakota, Minnesota, Wis-
gousin, Indiana, New York, Delaware, New
Jersey, Maryland, and back to New York
The last three days of t catnpaigu will be
spent in Nebr

‘ hoa Committee of twenty-five,
repre ting the Bryan Veterans’ Bimetalle
Chiu bance county, wl thas a tember
stilt rose, called at Mr. Bryan's residence to
assure hin of their support in the present cam-
polish Mr Bryan said in reply to a speech of

  

tbe willing to receive the support

     
  

 

      

 

 

    

  

   

 

 

 

  
  

 

To-day he |

 

BRYAN .INDORSED AFTER A FIGHT.

 

Brooklyn Democratic Clab Votes to Swallow
Repadiation, 23 to's,

The Board of Governors of the Brooklyn
Demooratic Club found it impoasible to a gree
on a recommendation as to what course the club
should pursue inthe present campaign. It waa
decided to refer the whole matter to the club
itself and there was a meeting last nightto de-
cide the question, There was a much larger
attendance than is usual atthe gatherings of
that organization and the debate for and against
Bryantam lasted until nearly midnight

President A. H. Eastmond was inthe chair.
Daniel Moynchan presented a resolution aweep-
{ng aside the financial question, declaring im-
perialism the paramount issue and indorsing
the work of the Kansas City Convention. E. 8.
Brownson offered this as a substitute:

“Whereas, The convention which met in
Kansas City on July 4 last reaffirmed the plat-
form and renominated the candidate of the
Chicago Convention of 1896, Therefore be it

Resolved, That we, |he Brooklyn Democratio
(ub, can see no reason why the principles
which four years ago were unsound, undemo-
cratio and {nherently bad, should now be Demo-
cratic andinherentlyfeood, And be it further

“Resolved, That we do now, as we did four
years ago, repudiate the platform and candi-
dale of the Bryan party which met {n Kansas
City July 4last and with all the emphasis of
which words are capable urge upon our fellow
Democrats to vote for the party which stands
for sound money, 4s no issue la now or ever can
be paramount to the honesty and Integrity of

the American nation."

Francis Gottsberger sprang still another

| resolution, entirely ignoring the Presidential

question and declaring in favor of the State

candidates ;
Pred W. Hinrichs, who ran for Lieutenant-
Governor four years ago, on the ticket of the

    
  
  
 

Gold Democrats, after denouncing the meu
who controlled the Democratic Stite Conven-
tion as lost in reputation and as “low-lived
politician-,"’ declared that he would vote for
Bryan. “lL will) vote for him,’ he said,
‘flor no cther reason (han beacause thera
isa conspiracy between the dominant power
i) the Demecrate purty and th epublican
hogses to defeat him.’ Mr, Hinrichs worked

himself into such an excited state while plead-

 

ing for “the poor Filipinos battling for their
rights and independence’ that he himself sug
wested that he mleht be suffering from “ineip-

 

ient paresis He also referred to Aguinaldo'’s

resistance as “the grandest spectacie in the
world.’
Mr. Brownson exposed the fallaey of the 16

 

ridiculed the ery of tinperialisin and

 

 

to | laste
BI of Brvan as the representative of so-

alism, populism and repudiation

Mr. Gottsberger said, “On July 28, 1896
the Brooklyn Demoeratio Club denounced
the Chicago platfom and repudiated
the candidates The platform has not
!ehanged and neither has the eandi-
date for President He {s not a Deamo-
erate. He was nominated for President by the

‘ rm represented in this club if U did
1 be ve that their interests a diem, as
well as t t interests as citizens, would be pros
tected under a Denfocratic Administration. If
! ful ir is contest and become the
rl » of this nation, you may rest
- ‘ it during the four years of my Ad-
mil tration the soldiers of this country who
offered their sers + when their services were
needed, and made the sacrifices which soldier
are calle n to make, will receive just and
generous treatment at the hands of the Admin-
tratio
| have not had much experietce asa soldie
but I learned something of the Goverr
it’s obligations to the soldier during that
experience, and if T had not prized the service
of the velinteer before, I learned to prize it
then, and | ain now tnore than ever a believer
in the volunteer soldier and in the strength of
the nation which can rely upon its eltizens
In itions whieh have a large standing !
artuv, it is not so necessary that care should be
tiker f the soldier after his ser e is past, |
sinters jike ours, where we have or
e, but a stall standings army, and
he people should be soldiers in citi
es, ready to don the uniform in
e the nation has ad reason
for being jiberal in its treatment Veterans
and their dependents. It is both the incentive
of gratitude and the incentive of self-interest,
for if the nation does not do well by those who
volunteer when the nation needs support, the
nation cannet expect it ealls will be
promptly answered. The soldier, therefore,
as a soldier, need have no fear under the Ad-
ministration in case IT should be honored by
my countrymen and elevated to that office
But, the soldier is a citizen as well as a sur-

and | take it for granted that
ypaign fs due in pers
citizens of a republic

vivor of the war
your interest in this ear
te the fact that you are
and do not care to be citizens of an empire
I take it for granted that vour Interest in this
campaign is due not only to the fact th t you
live here now, but also to the fact that you
expect your children to live here after vou

‘You want this Government good while vou
are here to enioy it, and vou want to leave a
good Government to those who come after you,

 

 

 

  

     

        

 

   

  

 

and Tam not surprised that von who were
willing to offer the highest evidence of lovalty
that man can offe life when the effort was
made to have two republics instead of one,
lam not surprised that vou are willing to give
your te to keep the one republic that you
helped to maintain { Applatise])

Tn the carn of 1900 the Democratic
party has dee| the question of imperialism
to be the paramount issue nor the only issue,
but the paraniount sue Paramount beeatise
the changer tr ecenr in our domestic
affairs are nots anent in their nature and
the mistakes pn snotso injurious in their
effect. b i anmpaign we are dealing
with the tio rineipl of Government,
andif those princty whic huve adhered to
inthe past are wrong en We ist begin
struct a new form of government, for the house
must fit the foundation

When the doctrine that the neople are the
source of power free from attack, we shull
have man ' settle. Whether vou
gentlemen wil with me in the settle
ment of those q 1 I] know not, but I an

] e or there {a evidence that the
is in the past, prove equal to the
Mv observation fa that all over

 

this country the people are becoming alarmed

at the present tendenc of the Republican
parts he Republican party to-day does
not stand for the principles whieh it stood
for when many of vou were members of that
narts The time me when vou gentlemen

had to decide whether von would change vour

   

party affiiations or change vour convictions
and yon decided to change vour party affilia-
tions, | believe von acted upon the correct
theory Whenever a Democrat believes that

to remain a Democrat would endanger his
country
and when a Republican decides that to remain
a Republiean would endanger his country, he
oneht to cease to he a Republican

‘l appreciate the eupport which you have

promiged and am #rateful for the kindly and |

cordial manner in whieh you haye expressed
vour confidence. Mv greatest solicitude ts not
leat [ fall to he elected President, but that I may
do nothing to destroy the good will and the
confidence which have been expressed by vou
and those like rou throughout this nation.”

FOUR DAYS FOR BRYAN IN TRISSTATE.
He Will Speak tn New York, Albany, Syra-
cuse, Rochester and Buffalo.

Chairman James K. MeGuire of the Demo-
cratic State Executive Committee announced
yesterday that Bryan would spend four days
in New York State and make five speeches
in the large cities. Mr. Bryan is to arrive in
New York on Oct. 18, and speak that same
evening at Mr. Croker's Madison Square Garden
mass meeting. On Oct. 17 he will speak in
Albany, and on the afternoon of Oct. 18 in
Syracuse and on theevening of the same dar
in Rochester. Mr. Bryan will close his tour
of the State on Oct. 19 when he speaks in Buffalo.

 

 

DRUMMERS NEVER SO BUsy.

Commerctal Traveller Laoghs at the Bryan
Calamity Cry,

W. M. Mezey, a prominent travelling man,
presided at the noonday meeting yeeterday
of the New York Commercial and Industrial
league. He made a red-hot speech telling
what he knows of his own knowledge of the
prosperity of the country under the McKinley
Administration. Mr. Mezey said that the
yarns sun by the Bryanites that hotel men
and travelling men were joining the Demo-
cratic party because business is poor are pre
poaterous, “Never in ms lone experience on
the road,” said the speaker, “have I seen so few
travelling men out of work. There seem
be jobs for them all and if you don't believe it
read the ‘want help ads inthe daily newspapers,”

to

SURF OP SUCCESS,

Says He Has Enough Votes Pledged to Make
Him Tammany Leader in Gucens.

CASSIDY

Councilman doseph Cassidy of Long Island
City announced yesterday that he had se-
cured the pledges of a sufficient number of
members of the new Democratic Committee tn
Queens to elect him chairman and borough
leader The committees consists of thirteen
members. Councilman Cassidy has, it is said,
a written pledge signed by the five from Lone
Island City and County Clerk John H Sutphin
and Frederick Bie the members from
Jamaica

” two

More German-Amertcans for McKinley.

The German-Americin MeKinlev and Roose-
velit League of Richmond borough waa organ-
ne at an enthusiastic
eld in Turn Verein Hall,
ere were elected: Presi-
dent, Sixt Carl Kay Vice-President, Charles
Supprian, Treasurer, Cart Von Dannenberg
Corresponding Seoeretary, Jutins Schwarts
Secretary, Ernest Lindernann

zed on Wednesday ever
meeting, Which was

Stapleton These

 

 

I think he ought to leave the party |

Populists and the Democtatic National Conven
tion. although it was supposed to represent
the Democra's of the United States, did not do

     

| to the intelligent electors of the ku

 
   

 

WISE MAN STANCHFIELD.

PLASH-LIGHT JARS HIM IN HIS
DEEP THOUGHT ABOUT TRUSTS,

 

 

Would Govern Them by lojunction Unless They
Stop Making Money for Gallible Stock-
holders, Destroying Fach Other and Simul-
taneously Raising and Decreasing Prices,

John B. Stanchfleld gave New Yorkers yes-
terday the first opportu nity to hear him on
the isaues of the campaign since Mr. Croker
used him in the Saratoga convention in an
effort to beat out the political life of ex-Senator
David B. Hill. The “Commercial Travellers
and Hotel Men's Anti-Trust League” offered
the Democratic candidate for Governor the
chance to be heard. The league las its head-
quarters at Houston street and Broadway.
The room is quite small and more people wanted
to get into the room than were able to. Never-
theless, Mr. Stanchfleld did his best to make
everybody hear and grew quite eloquent on
the subject of Trusts. He did not explain his
rather ambiguous position on expansion, nor
did he have anything to say about union labor,
4 subject upon which he once dilated with dire
resiilta to his political future.

The meeting began at noon and Mr. Stanch-
fleld was the firstspeaker. He jumpedright into
the Trusts and kept atthem twenty minutes. He
began with the statement that Alexander Ham-
ilton, were he alive to-day, would have realized
the achlevement of his every ambition, because
he had always atood sponsor for astrong Ved-
eral centralized Government supported by a
United States Bank and a large standing army

“But,” the speaker went on to say, “the peo-
ple won fn those days as they are bound to sue.
ceed in this uge, The dollar can never defeat
the man when a principle that affects the in-
teresta of the great mass of the people is at
stake, The vast contributions solicited of
the people by the trusts for the conduct of this
campaign cannot stop the popular wave, ‘Woe
to the nan who presents the subject of trutsets
pire Slate
is the challenge extended to thea Demovoeratio
party by Woodruff in his speech
as temporary chairman at the Saratoga cou
vention, We accept the issue, and from now
ou L shall endeavor to the voters
of the Lmpire State that Democratic party
is the friend of the people and the foe of the
trusts. The trust is either an instrument
for the welfare of the people or a monstrous

 

  

Lieut.-Gioy

convinee

the

power for evil, If its effects are benign, why
| should both parties in different phraseolog

condemn it? If it makes for evil, why is ft
| allowed to flourish in 80 unprecedented ex-

} tent and the fruitful soil furnished by the Ad-

ministration of the Republican party?

| During the past few years trusts have come

so, As it went outside of the party and nomi- |

nat-daman who had been pul forward by the

  

into existence with a capitalization of over
#8,000,000,000, They represent an amount of
| power and mon vast beyond the dreams of
| ar irice, There are in existence to-day more
than one hundred trusts governing not only
} the luxuries but the necessities of our ever) -

Populists as their representative of the doc rines |

they maintain. Mr. Bryan forced the cowardly
members of the Kansas City Convention to not
only reaffirm and ratify. the Chicago platform

but to reiterate the dishonest doctrine of 16
tol

“In all the speeches and writings of Mr
Bryan there is only one thing positively an-

nounced as to a policy to be pursued by him if

 

elected. That isthe immediate free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 tol und thesubstitution
of lowal tender notes for the national bank

notes at present outstanding
There is only one thing left for the Demo-

eratic party todo. That {sto get rid of Bryan
and all that Brvan implies. Until that fa done
there is small chance of the party regaining the
confidence of the people.’

The resolution indorsing Bryan was adopted
by avoteof 22to8

NATIONAL CAMPAIGNERS AT WORK,

Gor. Roosevelt Likely to Close the New York

Campaign.

The Hon. J. W. Babeoock, chairman of the
Republican Congress Committee, was the
most interesting citizen at Republican Na-
| tional Headquarters yesterday. The Repub-
liean national campaigners from Mr Hanna
down are not only interested in the election
of McKinley and Roosevelt, but they are

 

greatly concerned in maintaining a Republican
majority in Inited States Senate and
the House of Representatives to uphold the
hands President MeKinleyv It well
known that the Brvanite Democracy is working
in many States to capture a majority of tnd

the

of was

House of Representatives, and incidentally
to pave the way toward becoming the dominant
in America’s n August legisiative
body, the United States Senate

apeaking of this
said ‘The Den

effort to secure con-

party ost

Congressman BKabeock,
feature of the
ernta are making a great
xt House, and are working like
ers in many of the doubtf
but the Republicans are also t

0 campiign, ~

trol of the n

hen close or | die-

 

tricts atirring
themselves, and we hope and expect to

the next House, thongh by a very small margin

carry

 

 

One reason why it will be a hard striggie
for the Republicé to eome out ahead in the
Co ssional elections this year {8 that in
ten the Southern States, owing to the new

local laws, the Republicans can make no con-

teat whatever ind we must expect a solid |
Democratic delegation of about 100 from that
seetion, and to lose what few districts we now
have there To offset this, the Republicans
must make gains in th North; but this ts
dificult because most of the seats from
the section are already held by Republicans,
except in New York, Pennarlyania, Ohfo and
Illinois where, although all four States will

probably go for McKinley, there are more than
forty Democratic Congressmen at present
We shall endeavor to make inroads into this
halanx and must do so in order to counter-
valance the new solid South with which wa are
confronted We also have reason to hope for
a gain of five seats in Missouri. owing to the
new birth of Republicanism in that Stata, and
we shall try, of course, to hold our own in what
are generally called the border States

‘It is evident that the Republicans must
atand shoulder to shoulder in this campaign
and get out every vote in order to win @ oom-
ete victory, It would be 4 great misfortune
President McKinley should begin his asoond

tearm with the handicap of a Democratic House

of Representatives

There was some disecuesion yesterday amon.
the Republican National campaigners an
also the State campaigners as to the advis-
ability of requesting Gov. Theodore Roose-
velt to wind up the campaign in New York
State. that Is, to enter the State immediately
after Rrvan leaves it on Oct. 19. The majority
helleved that Gov. Roosevelt should be invited
to close his triumphant campaign in his own
State. The argument was to the effect that
Gov. Roosevelt is so thoroughly familiar with
all of tbe Bryan fallacies and so well acquainted
with the possibilities for young men in the Re-

muiblicau party that no other course is open,
But that 4 should wind up the campaign in
the Fmpire State.

Ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black, like the loval Repub-
Hean that he is, signified his intention yes-
terday to the Republican State campatlgners
that he was ready at all times to make apeeches
for the Republican cause in the State of New
York. Tt was announced that ex-Gov. Black's
first speech would be made either in Carnegie
Hall or in Cooper Union early tn October,

 

LEASE FOR

MRS. M'KINLEY.

The Kansas Woman Orator to Stamp the West
for the Republicans.

Curcaao, Sept. 20.~Senator Hanna and Mary
Fllen Lease made up to-day. The tall woman,
who in 1806 was advertised as the Joan of Aro
of the People's party, and who in those days
said all kinda of things about Senator Hanna

and Williarn MeKinley, called on the Senator,
for ahe is now 4 Republican spellbinder
two had a long talk, What was said is known
only to them, for Senater Hanna only smiled
when he was asked and Mrs. Lease proved the
rule that no woman could keep a secret by be-

ing the exception

Mrs (ease will make a long stumping tour
for MeKinley and Roosevelt through the %, este
ern States in which she is acquainted, and
where she has fn the past wielded great influ-
eme

 

Meeting of Harlem First Voters,

The McKinley and Roosevelt Firat Voters’

Club of the Thirty-first Assembly distriet will
bold ita regular meeting at Camp MeKinley,
Seventh avenue and 125th street, this evening
The club already numbers over 300 members

How to Hire an Apartment or a Private House
at the Lowest Rental,

There never was a time in the history of New York
when there was such 4 large and abundant supply of
housing to let In proportion to the demand as this
year, The result fs that hundreds of owners are
offering reduced rents, while others, though nominally
maintaining the old rents,
was of free occupancy No tenant can be sure that
he is obtaining the terms he (8 entitied & according
to the actual condition of the market withont ane,
tended tour of investigation and of diplomatic nego
ations with agents Save yourself the necessity of
& personal search and of useless debates by inserting
an adv. in THE SUN stating the kind of accommo
dation you want and the approximate location. This
will secure for you the best terms the market bas to
offer —Adn

 

| eolidat

The |

day life
represent

These great tegregations of capital
the unification of every important
industry in the land They take within their
embrace not only everything that is used in
the upbuilding of a country, but what we eat
@nd wear a ll. If the truste so formed are
able byt! ssal of help, the removal of
erecutive administration and the destruction
of the vocation of the commercial traveller
to pay A dividend upon stock issued to
} represent twice the value of the property whieh
they control, and pay to the capitalizers and
romoters « them enormous sume of money
in return for the stock that is floated among
the innocent and gullible of the land, how long
a time will elanse t ore the 100 will have con-
itrelf into fifte. The trust destroys
competition, because when one ie formed use-
less and surplus planta are distnantiled for the
uirpose of restricting and limiting the suprl
‘he effect of this incontestably will be ri
rivee
| “The trusts have demonstrated two proposi-
tions First, they have caused the necessaries
of life which people have to buy, to be increased
in price and, second, they have caused the come
modities which people have to sell to be de-
ereased in price Wages have remained prac-
tically the same, stationary, and the farmer of
New York State loses more than ever before ”
At this point a flash-light photographer took
a shot at the Democratic candidate There was
a blinding flash and a great puffofsmoke. Mr
Stanchfleld jumped about three feet and every-
body laughed .
“T confess,” he said, “that lam not as brave
as was Theodore Roosevelt at San Juan Hill ”

 

  

ed

the
He

 

   
  
 

 

 

  

 

 

Continuing Mr Stanchfleld took up the alleged
aystern of black-listing on the railroads as be-
ing a natural corollary of the trust svetemn He
denounced th practiocs with great vigor and
sald that the railroads had applied it not only to
their own ernplovees, but to commercial travel-
f Jere who bad tneurred their displeasure
In Mr. Stanehfleld’s opinion the Demoeratte
arty ts « ne upa pathway of life and hope |

     

 

 

     
  

 

  

 

for the por trust-driven people heecanse f
| {ta declaration that the trusts are int
| ‘The Iv method of dealing with the iat
problem whieh geeste fin order that tha
! peonler ight not have their very lives crushed
out of them by the octopus, was to do
| governing by Injunetion, ‘He tho
| an th enjoin the trust.
vent tl mm tatsing priees and
writ on and taxpayers’ syits
Government by it netion," @ said, “ie
invoked to aid the trusts, So the people of |
the State by injunction in the hands of an ad-
ministration actuated by sincere and honest
} purposes would find an effective and efficactous
Weapon Against the trusts,’
| Mr Stanchfleld wasfollowedina short speech
by Martin H Glynn, Congressman from the
| Albany district When Mr Stanchfleld left
the hall h iad to force his way throngh the
| crow w! 1 followed him down Broadway
for three bloeks, until he escaped by jumping
| on a passing ear
Aa soon asthe hall was cleared, two intoxi-
eated young men wandered in and embraced
| Seoretan Hoge
What'cher thro’ ao quick fer?* qneried one
of them “No more speakers,” answered Mr
oge

“Now wouldn't that far yer?” asked the man
“I've had something on my mind fora month
that I wanted to say, and T was goin’ to say it
to-day right here *

“Come around to-morrow,” said Mr. Hoge.
“Can't do it, me boy," said the man, “what
Teotto say wont keep It’s foo hot Just

eallthe gan@ back. Teanskin that feller Stanch-
fleld talking.”
This irritated Mr. Hoge and he told the men

to get out

 

401 BALLOTS; NO CHOICE.

 

Passato County Republicans Can't Agree on a
Candidate for Sheriff,

Patersow, N. J, Sept. The Passaio
County Republican Convention adjourned to-
night at 10°40 after taking 491 ballots for candi-
date for Sheriff without result. At& o'clock the
township delegates went into caucus to try to
force an agreement. Representatives of the
three candidates were calied Into the caucus,
but none would yield. The township men
threatened to cast their thirty votes for Slater,
but as that would not affect the result the
threat was futile. During. the evening the

elegates sang and shouted and indulged tn
horseplay. They will meet again next Wednes-
day evening

2, -

 

National Acephalous Party.

The National party (Party of 27) being with-
out a head for ita ticket since Senator Caffery
of Louisiana declined the nomination § for
President, the National Campaign Committee
met yesterday in the officeof Everett U. Abpott,
the Secretary. They talked long and earnestly,
but after the meeting deolined to tell what it
was all about. Ex-Congreseman A. B. Farqu-
nar of York, Pa, will in all probability be asked
to take the vacant place on the ticket. Mr
gerqunar is said tobe ambitious to be Preai-

ent

 

Half a wo
man’s beau-
ty comes

 
 
  
   

 

make concessions in the |

| Ayer’s Pills

   
  
 
 
   
 
 

from her

RS hair,
Ss) Who
( S\ “ever saw
\_., a_beauti-
MS ful woman

‘ with thin,
scraggly locks?
, Ayer’s Hair Vigor
will help to supply
» you where Nature is
lacking.

J. C. Aver Company,

Practical Chemis’ Lowell, Mass.

 

| Ayer*s Sarsaparilla

 

| Ayers Haie Vigor
Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral

dyer's Ague Cure Ayer's Comatene

 
 
 

IT DISCOURAGES

A woman to find her waist picked into holes and her !.ce torn by
old-fashioned, long billed hooks, This cannot happen with the

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

It closes easily by a touch, without stretching over or groping round,
and is easily opened by a slight pull on the hook side of the garment,

if your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts.

for a sample card.

Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broadway, N. Y, City.

 

 

One of the Best

Points About

 

All Grocers.

‘COOK'S FLAKED RICE

is that there is not a particle of waste.
The precise amount desired can be pre-
pared in dish or saucer, and there is no

pipkin scraping afterwards.
ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions and book of tested receipts

with every package.

Large package, 15 Cts.

 

SENATOR NAMED BY TRICK,

Utah Vacancy Filled by Democratic President
of Senate When Governor Left State,

SavT LAKe Ciry, Utah, Sept. 20 —While Gor.
Wells and Seeretary of State Hammond were in
Idaho last night to meet Gov. Roosevelt and
escort him to this city, Judge O. W. Powers,
of Salt Lake, a Democrat, was appointed United
States Senator. The appointment was made by
Aquila Nebeker, Prasident of the State Senate,
who is acting Governor, according to the State
Constitution. It was signed a little while before
midnight, at which time the train bearing Gov
Vells was expected to cross the line into Utah

The last (egislature was Democratic, al-
though the State olficers are Republicans
There was a bitter fight for the Senatorship
between A.W. MoCune of Salt Lake and Con-
gressman W. it King. Adjournment was taken
without breaking the dead-lock, and the seat
had remained vacant J

The Democrats discovered last night that they
The suggestion was
| made asajokein Democratic State headquarters
| that a United States Senator be appointed

on the same basis as wasdonein Montana, The
| joke finally became serious, Mr. Nebeker
consulted a lawyer and was told that he had
lle accord-

|

|
|
| had an acting Governor

.ower to make the appointinent
|

nely did so, The State seal Le locked up
‘| and could not be obtained, but Mr. Nebeker’s
| legal advisers maintain that his action was

valid any was

Judge Powers is a Salt Lake politician, and
he declares that he will make a fight to retain
the seat The appointment was drawn care-
fully in legal form, signed and witnes a
forinal acceptance will be filed with the Secretary
| of State to-day, and if the Democrata do not lose
} cour use the case will come upin the Senate
| along with that of Senator Clark,

Having appointed a Senator, Acting Governor
Nebeker warmed up to his work He removed
Lieut.-Col. Theodore Bruback of the Gover-
nor'a staff and appointed a Cache county
Democrat, Hiram Hayball.

 

FATK DEPENDS UPON A SHAVE,

If Howard Wore No Mustache When Goebel
Was Shot He May Go Free.

Frankrort, Ky, Sept. 20—Jim Howard's
fate in his trial for the Goebel murder depends
upon a mustache, or rather, the lack of one
If he was smoothly shaven on Jan. 80 his alibi
is complete and he will be acquitted, unless
the jury gulps down the fragmentary admis-
sionsand unsubstantiated statements attributed
to Jim Howard by various persons, some of
whom bear bad reputations and all of whom
are contradicted by the prisoner. The question
whether Jim Howard did or did not wear a
tnustache on the day of the Goebel murder
has come to be the main issue of the trial
The importance of this point was brought out
strongly at to-day's session A half dozen
or nore witnesses for the Commonwealth have
testified that they saw Jim Howard at the cap-
itel grounds just afier the murder and that he
then wore a mustache To-day there came
as many reputable citizens of Kentucky who
swore positively that when Jim Howard reached
Frankfort on the middle of the afternoon of
Jay 30 his face was smoothly shaven

Howard concluded his testimony on cross
examination early inthe day. Sheriff White
of Clay county, who accompanied Howard
here on the day of thefshooting, Judge J. H
Tinsley of Barbourville, Ed. Parker of London
J_C.W. Day of Winchester, who warned Goebel
of his danger, witnesses for the defence, testi-

fled that Howard had no mustache when here
on Jan. 380. Representative Mahaffy was
asked if he did not get the belief from a4

conversation with Howard shortly after the
shooting that Howard shot Goebel. The de-
fence objected and the jury was sent out
Mahaffy said he did form such opinion from a
conversation with Howard

 

Republican Congress Nominations tn Texas,

AvastIN, Tex., Sept. 20.—-The Republicans of
the Ninth Congress district last evening nomi-
nated the Hon. Thomas H. Dwyer of Brenham
for Congress. The Renublicans of the Fighth
Congress district held their convention yester-
dav at San Antonio and nominated the Hon.
A. Dodge of Fort Worth for Congress.

State Political Notes.

Candidate William J. Bryan is billed to epeak
in Newburgh and Poughkeepsie on Oct. 19, on
his way to Albany

Mayor Frank J. Nelson of Hornellaville has
finally decided to accept the Democratic nom-
ination for Congress in the Twenty-ninth dis-
trict. On Tuesday, when nominated, he poai-
tively refused to accept

The Democrats of the Thirty-eighth Senate
district (Broome, Cortland and Tioga, countles
vesterday nominated George Cochrane -
Broome for Senator hroome was the only
county represented in the convention

The Democrate of the Twenty-third Congress
district yesterday nominated ¢ A. Burke of
Malone, Franklin county, for Congress, in op-
position to the Hon. L. W. Emer-on, the pres-
ent member and Republican candidate for re-
election

Of the five counties comprising the Twenty-
sixth Congress district only two were repre.
sented in the Democratic _convention Ped
in Binghamton yesterday The six delegates
nominated Myron B. Ferris of Tioga for Congreas
by acclamation

fienry P. Clausen of the town of Newburgh
was yesterday nominated for State Senator
by the Democrats of the Twenty-third Senate
district, comprising Rockland and Orange
counties. Mr. Clausen was formerly Sheriff of
Orange county and {8 a highly respected citi-
zen

 

 

TO READ “THE SUN
NEWS

and tabular forms of daily transactions {a to be
better posted in thie direction than those who
rely on so-called Real Estate mediums, wh
the effort but partially covers the ground,—A

 

 

REAL ESTATE

a
- ee

FRED WILLIAMS SAYS NO,

He Opposes the Re-election of Congressman
Thayer and There's a Row.

Worcerstrr, Mass., Sept. 20.—The Williams-
Thayer row is arousing ill-feeling among Demo-
crate and cogresponding jubilation on the
partof Republican leaders, for the latter affect
to see in the strictures which George Fred
Williams has applied to John R, Thayer, the
present incumbent and candidate for renom-
ination in the Third Congress district, another
pointed illustration of the uncertainty that
characterizes the relations between some of
the Massachusetts Democratic managers, “Wil-
liams has been accused of interfering in the
affairs of the Third district and quietly exerting
his influence to prevent Thayer's renomina-
tion. Thayer defeated Congressman “Joe”

Walker two years ago by only 159 votes, and
while he cannot be reelected without the sup-
port ot Republicans much less can he afford
a defection within his own party,
Georwe Fred Willams, when interviewed
to-day, declared in auswet to the various charges
that he had written to leading men in Thayer's
district that he had not attempted to mix or
control the party management in the Third
district. After his general denial Mr. Willlams,
however, reiterated the statement that Thayer
was notin harmony with the Kansas City plat-
form, and urged that a candidate should be
fully in accord with the platform as regards
imperialism and free coinage of silver. In
concluding he said
fa Congressional aspirant cannot announce
that he will vote on all questions in accordance
with the partys platform he ought not to be
nominated, When Mr. Thayer ran for Con-
gress two vears ago | take it that the people
of his distriet understood that he was not in
favor of the free coinage of silver, It {s be-
cause Mr. Thayer is so ‘decidedly at odds with
his party upon these cardinal principles that
1 have not thought he should be renominated.
1 still think so.”

GEO,

 

 

  

 

Morningside Clab Rally,

The Morningside Republican Campaign Club
held a rousing meeting last evening and listened
to red-hot speeches for McKinley, Odell and

sound money from Senator John Ford, George
Cc, Austin, F. EF. Wood and, J. Dinnin. There
was a ble crowd at the clubhouse.

Southwick Nominated for Congress,

ALBANY, Sept. 20..-The Albany county Re
publicans to-day nominated ex-Congressman

George N. Southwick for Congreas in the
Twentieth districtand Assemblyman James B.
Meck wan for Senator in the Twenty-ninth dis-
trict

HERE’S GOOD NEWS for
those women who haven't been
having good luck with their
Pies and “quick” Biscuits. Use
WHITE COTTOLENE!
It makes light, fluffy biscuits
and feathery pie crusts. Mrs.
Rorer, Marion Harland and
scores of other famous cooks
won't use lard as a shortening
agent.

 

 

Sa) The N.K.Fairbank y
P+ —— } Chicago—Sole ark Company,
MMR) FREE!" fuinty booting

LY, matied free to any address. For

one tc stamp we will send free our
_—

“Home
No Heavy Belts to Torture You.

The principle and application of our patent truss
differ entirely from the old-style trusses in that we
hot merely support, but HOLD the rupture without
harinful pressure. When our pad ts applied over
opening of rupture, its. automatic action under strain
makes escape of rupture Inpossible Hips and spine
left free, suction pads keep truss in rigid position.
Safety and comfort guaranteed, rupture trouble
ended, and experimenting in worthless “methods”
avolded after we fit you. Large Phystcians’ patronage.

CHAS, CLUTHE CO.,

20 Fast i4th St, bet Sth Av. and Union MY.
HOOK FREE % be

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
J. HOWARD FOOTE,

81 CORTLANDT STREET,

COMPLETE LINE OF GUITARS .
MANDOLINS, VIOLINS, CORN ste

0. agen anu
_S. Agentfor genuine COURTOIS B
INSTRUMENTS, —

RPET CLEANSING,
zu, REFITTING AND RELAYING,
326 7th Av., Near 28th S&

kav. 1684.| Sond Por Chredtes,

T. M.STEWART

 
         

  

 

CA