—

The

VRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.

|
|

 

    

o 60
DAILY, per Year . 600 |
BUMDAY, per Yoar.... cééce re
DAILY AND @UNDAY, per Year. seveoee © OO]
DAILY AND BUNDAY, per Month .....+- 90 |

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tue SuN. New York City |

PARt¢—tineque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and {
Kiceque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

If eur friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publisation wish (o hace repected ariteles returned, (hey
must in all cases send amps for (hal purpose

 

What if the Trusts Were Smashed?

 

Saying one day that “the Democratio
party makes no war upon wealth,” BRYAN, |
the next day, tells men to ‘find out how
trust magnates are going to vote and then
vote the other way.’ If that is not set- |
ting one class against another it would
be hard to find a case of it, but let that
side of the question go

Let us suppose that the employees of
some grees corporation, commonly known
as a trust, say the American Sugar Com-
pany, should take Mr. Bryan's advice to its
bitter end, They declare war on their em-
ployer, and break the company up. Would

ev be the better off for it?

How soon after the accomplishment of |
such a catastrophe would the fragments of '
the disrupted organization call for the
men to begin work again? If there was
no break in sugar making, would their wages
be higher? Would their employment be as
steady as it used to We doubt if
there {1s among the sugar makers A single
man so stupid not to know that he
individually {s better off and that mare |
are more of his kind in the sugar busl- |
ness as it ia now conducted than when
refining was done by some dozen little coin-
panies cutting each other's throats always
and working spasmodically

Let us go aatep further

The tndustry of this country {s to a very
great extent organized on the large lines of
oonoentrated capital. The result is one of
the wonders of the time. The economies of
the trust method, working through Ameri-
can skill, have made us the first among
the manufacturing and exporting nations |

be?

as

The capital so invested and the labor
allied with it are virtually beyond |
measurement. To tear this vast indus-
trial system to pieces, as the Detmo-
cratic party says must be done, would

be to paralyze American industry aa it has
been paralyzed by no financial panic ever
known in the country’s history. The mind
shuns the attempt to imagine the disaster
that would follow
And after the job was done, what then?
The country would take up its work again,
robbed of the unrivalledstrength that it had
flourished in, and handicapped further by
the inatantaneous development of American
eoonomy in other lands. Practically the |
United States would go out of business, |
Bryan has the assurance to invite tho |
calamity involved in his anti-trust plank |
because he is not a business man. He ts |
|

a political adventurer, and under hts
inspiration the Democratic party. has be-
come a social agitator and disturber of
business.

German-Born Citizens and Mr. Bryan,

We print elsewhere on this page an ex-
tract from the Staata-Zeitung, the German |
newspaper of this city which has been most |
wedded to the delusion of anti-imperialism,
It will be seen that asa Gold Demoerat in!
a-Zeitung

principle and conviction the Staaf
is now honorably and sensibly consistent in
repeating in this campaign its opposition

to the silver candidate in

Our German neighbor, in the article from

which we quote, expresses the “conviction |
that if imperialism was the only question
on which the election turned, the German
vote would go almost solidly against |
McKynuety,” so great is the German fear |
of “tmpertalism and the resultant mill- |
tarism.”’ |
We shall not here attempt to combat |

that notion, except to say that sucl

1 alarm
in any quarter is groundless in a Republic
which even in the
Civil War found a po
availing to
addition to

direst emergeney of the |
y of conscription un- |
iore than a trifling |
while it) rec ruited |

|

secur

its

eon

armies

 

 

millions of soldiers by voluntary eniist-
ment. If ever “militarism” could menace
us it would have been then; but, in fact, |
our vast volunteer armies, the greatest
{in modern civilization, returned at once |
to peaceful pursuits when the war was
over, and ina short time o a little reg-
war army remained Militarism” in the |
German senae is reasonably offensive to |
our Gerrnan citizens, for it ts the organiza-
tion of the whole State on a military basis
with military service enforced on every |
man. The American system of volunteer |
ing is therefore the exact antithesis of
“militarism.” Our army, even nas now

temporarily enlarged, is little larger |
portionately to the populati
in the days when its only
rectionary and marauding Indian tribes
Putting aside that point, and
acknowlaiging that there distrust
among citizens of German birth expressed

ro-
m than it was
foes were insur-

wever

ix the

 

by the Sfaata-Zeitung, that paper in describ- |
Ing it as leas than the distrust of Bryan,
and Bryanism as an fintiediate danger,
undoubtedly represents the man senti-
ment. Aa it says, “the facet remains that
the old alarm ts aroused again;” it is only
the fssue of 16 to 1 which ts in the minds

of intelligent citivens, of German or
other birth. They kn that the
tion of the standard of valne n

Ww

ques-

Ist be

settled

before they can afford t aside to tackle
any other, Our German neighbor had
hoped that the silver question would play
no role” and still thinks that “ it is disposed |
of and requires no further consideration,”
but, actually, with Bryan a candidate and
a revived and realirmed if-to-1 platform, |
it Is plaving the chief role: and, so far from

being disposed of, its further
is obligatory The declared
Bryanite purpose being the
overthrow of the gold standard, the question
{s as paramount now as it was in 1s08 Ace
cordingly, all sensible citizens of German
birth or desoent share in thy

onsideration |
and reiterated

|
|
Immediate "
|

alarm

pro-
voked by {it which i Inereasing daily
throughout the Union :
The Staata-Zeitune concludes, by ree
‘ing that the * Repu ns ha no
ht te accept the votes « ming around
to MCKINLEY on such grounds as votes of |
confidence in the expar Nn policy Un-
questionably they have no such right

Nor have we seen the slightest indication |
that they have now any more disposit

| Grovernment,

to regard those votes as sustaining any

 

but to exhibit to Mr. Bryan and others a

Republican policy except the maintenance | “subject nation,” which has been a sub-

of the gold standard than they had when | ject nation under the American flag for

such votes first came to McKrniey in 1806.
The issue ts not a party lasue as between
Republioaniam and Democracy 4s it is
essentially, but between the forces of civili-
zation and the forces of disorder.

If the caso had been reversed and the

Republican party had been captured by

Popullam and the Democratic party had
remained faithful to good and honest money,

the number of the Republican votes trans- |
ferred to the Democracy would have been

at least as great as are the Democratio
votes now transferred to the party of the

gold standard
This change, as Republicans and all

men know, implies no change as to any
other fasues between the parties. It is

due only to a specific revolt against a vile |

and disastrous policy of repudiation thrust
forward at Chicago four years ago and now
reasserted, Before there can be any other
political division, before a return to @ nor-
mal political condition is possible, the old

| integrity of the two great parties must be
| restored by the final destruction of Bryan-

{jam in this campaign. A call to overthrow
the foundations of national honor and de-
atroy the security of property and business
is not recognized by any sensible Democrat,
German or other, a8 a genuine Democratio
command, though it comes from a nom-
{nally Democratio candidate, That's the
whole there 1s of It.

A Document From Tishomingo.
The town of Tishomingo is the capital
of a piece of United States territory ac-
quired by treaty, transferred to our sov-

| ereignty without the consent of the gov-

erned, and never yet brought within the
system established by the Constitution
No other flag than that of the United States
flies there, but the Constitution has not
followed the flag to Tishomingo, In other
words, the Interesting region which we are
now considering {8 in precisely that rela-
tlon to the United States Government
which Mr, Bryan declares to be abnormal,
legally impossible, and, where it exists,
imperialistic and fatal to republican insti-
tutions

It 1s proper to say at once that Tisho-
mingo {s neither on an Island of the Carib-
bean Sea nor on an island of the Pacific
Ooean,
continent, six hundred miles inland from
the nearest salt-water frontier of the United
States at the Gulf of Mexteo, It {s nearly
equidistant from our Atlantic and Paciflo

! coasts and 1s surrounded by the great and

prosperous States of the American Union.
As Bryan would put the case, we paid so
much per head for its inhabitants; or,
rather, for their ancestors, inasmuch as
this particular part of United States terri-
tory was purchased by THomMas JEFFER-
1808, and has heen continuously

sON In

governed for ninety-seven years by Con- !

gress independently of the provisions of
the Constitution

We have just been reading in the South
McAlester Capital the annual message of
Governor JOHNSTON
Executive Department at Tishomingo, Sep-

tember 4, and is addressed to the Honorable |

Members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Chickasaw Nation. Govy-
ernor JoHNston has written a message
which for vigor and precision of
ment and general literary ability will stand
comparison with similar documents pro-
ceeding from the Chief Executives of the
of the Union. The subjects he
discusses and the recommendations he
makes testify to the extent of the blessings
of home rule which these progressive and
prosperous Indians enjoy; but at the same
time there is a clear recognition of thetr
upon the sovereign power
at Washington. For example:

“Tindulge the hope that by the exerctse of wisdom,
conservatism and patriotte devotion to the welfare of

our people, we shall not only arrive at a just and
equitable solution of the questions that may arise in

atate-

States

dependence

 

the regular course of legislation; but that we may, by
grateful acknowledgment of the consideration and
protection heretofore accorded us by our guardian, |
the Government of the United States, and a firm re
liance upon the solemn and pliiniy written obliga
tlons of our treaty, so recently made as to be still fresh

in the minds of all whose duty {tls toobeyand exe
cute its provistons, impel a continuation of that con
sideration and protection always due from the strong

It is situated in the heart of this |

It isdated from the |

| almost a hundred years, and which ts now
more concerned in protesting against the
unwarranted invasion of its own tribal
rolls than in demanding the rights of Amer-
| {oan citizenship which, according to Mr.

Bryan, have Constitutionally belonged
' to It for nearly a century.

The Good Name of the Library of
Congress.

Mr. Ainsworth R. Sporrorp has not
applied to us as yet for documentary evi-
dence with which to proceed legally against
the persons who, he says, are using his

name without his permission to promote

their ‘ presumptuous frauds ” on the book-
buying public
| Is the persecuted gentleman aware that
the impudent business still goes on, in spite
of the “ requisite legal steps” which he
says he has taken to put a stop to It?

} As recently as last Friday somebody
lin Philadelphia was mailing circulars,
| signed with Mr. Srorrorp's autograph

in fac simile, recommending to his friends
the purchase of an alleged “ condensation "
of the contents of the “one million, five
hundred thousand volumes " in the Library
of Congress and the Library of the British

Museum,

Mr. Sporrorp ts represented in this cir-
cular as announcing over his own signature
that in collaboration with “ my friend CHas,
Grppon, Librarian of the British Museum,”
he has “achieved tn finished form a con-
densation of these two great libraries, after
many years of literary labor.”

Now, this is the publication with which
| Mr. Sporrorp has had absolutely “ nothing
| to do,” as he indignantly assured us last
month,

Yet the parties thus presumptuously
and, as he declares, fraudulently using his
| name continue to use it in spite of his “ dis-

claimer.” They have rented a post office

box, Number 2,065 at Station A in Philadel-
| phia, where they continue to receive mail
matter intended for him and addressed to

him personally.

The evidence of this is at Mr. Sporrorn's
disposal, if he wants it. Apparently the
persons who are so grievously wronging
him care little or nothing for his protests
| or his threats
| Meanwhile, the name and fame of the
library of Congress are being used in a
manner calculated to make that great and
noble institution ridiculous, if not odious.

The Vacant Brigadier-Generalcy.

The retirement of Brig.-Gen. Josep
WHEELER from active service places an-
other General's star at the disposal of Presi-
dent McKInLey, who has already bestowed
more stars than any other President, The
question as to the officer on whom the star
{ now free shall fall is interesting and is
complicated by the fact that Mr. McKINLEY
has made his promotions with less regard
| for convention than his predecessors
| In 1897 the retirement of one Major-Gen-

eral was availed of by the President to

and Brigadier-General no fewer than nine
officers, the promotion of five being followed
by their retirement to make way for others.
At the end of the Spanish war Mr. McKin-
Ley was able to reward several worthy
officers in the same way;

  

 

reward with the stars of both Major-General |

and again a year |

ago, when five Colonels were made Brig- |

adiers and retired, In the choice of SfMficers
for promotion, the President has been
hampered little by conventional rules of
seniority MacAntrurr was a Lieu-
tenant-Colonel in a staff department when
he was promoted, and Gen. LvpLow
seventh among the fourteen Lieutenant-
Colonels in the Corps of Engineers
| WHEELER only a Volunteer
when the President norninated him to the
vacancy caused by Gen, OT1s's promotion
to Major-General. Thus it is easily to be
seen that Mr. McKtnnry has been a law
unto himself in the matter of promotions
to Generalcles
It has been urged that he should promote
| Gen. CHAPFFE to WHEELER;
| Gen. Caarrer himself writes from China,
| DAGGETT
of the Fourteenth Infantry, who, he says,
is willing to retire at once

was

Gen

was officer

sticeeed Gen

| suggesting the promotion of Col

and powerful & helpless dependents, and which we, ‘

as the wards of that Government, may rightfully The Army and Navy Journcl, in cone

claim and expect" | sidering the matter of the vacant star,
Looking forward to American citizen- calls attention to the fact that there are

ship hereafter, the Governor of the Chick- | twenty-seven Colonels of the line senior

asaws expresses the hope that the pro-
posed allotment of the tribal lands and
moneys will be conducted that “ our
people may be convinced of the justness
of the guardianship of the United States
and be thereby
when tribal dissolution shall come, to as-
siuine the dignity and responsibilities of
American citizenship, with sentiments of
voluntary loyalty and allegiance "
And again:

80

“Our guardian, the
States, points us to American citizenship as our ultt

 

mate des . and to the inestimable benefits and
privileges of that state.”
rhe greater part of the message ts de-

voted to explaining a grievance which the
Chickasaws think they have in the matter
of citizenship, Strange as It may appear
to Mr. Bryan, their complaint is not that
they have been unconstitutionally excluded,
during the past hundred years, from rights
of American cltizenship which the Con-
stitution extended to them, ex proprto
vigore, when the flag first covered their ter-
ritory
presence of white people who have rushed
in from the surrounding States and claimed
Chickasaw or Choctaw citizenship, and

obtained it In many cases by the hasty or |

unfair action of the Federal courts. The
Governor points out that these applica-
tions for Chickasaw and Choctaw citizen-
siilp were inspired solely by a speculative
purpose to participate in the allotment of
the tribal lands and money which ts soon
to be made under what ts known as the

Atoka Agreement. He says:

“Our people, a helpless and trusting tribe of In-
diians, were foreed by thelr guardian, the United
st (iovernment, into its own court. Opposed to
them were whlle adventurers, greedy and alert, who
rushed in upon us with the avowed purpose of
doing that which has been accomplished. © ¢ ©

one ourt people’ do not lool like
Indians They do not act Ifte Indians and
have none of the = attributes of Indians
They are white people from the hillsides of
the surrounding States, and would be so de

clared by any intelligent Jury of citizens from any
State ofthe Union. When thelaw of 1496 was passed,
they speculated as to the possibilities of acquiring
allotments of land, They heeded the beacon. * *
When the course of pillage and plunder was run, {t
was found that the publle domain of the Choctaw
snd Chi¢kasaws was covered and claimed by an alien
isserting rights of citizenship and tribal prop
lued at approximaty $20,900,090, © © «©

.

erty ¥

During the lost year our atiorneys have unearthed
and brought to light many of the most shocking
inswneces of fraud and perjury, upon which judg
ments have been rendered admitting hundreds of

persons to Choctaw and Chickasaw citizenship.”

We quote these passages, not to discuss

enabled, |

Government of the United |

Their anxfety ts occasioned by the |

to Gen. CHarrer, who is Colonel of the

Fighth Cavalry, most of them with dis-
| tinguished Civil War, as well as Spanish
war, records .

The senior Colonel of the line is ABRAHAM
K. ARNOLD, Colonel of the Firat Cavalry,
who has worn the eagles for nearly ten
| years; he retires for age on March 24, 1901.
Col. DeRrssy of the Eleventh Infantry
does not retire for four years, until June
13, 1004; he too has been a Colonel for nearly
ten years. Bates, Colonel of

Gen the

Second Infantry, is still younger, not retir- |

ing until Aug. 26, 1906. The other
Colonels senior to CHArrrr, with their
commands and the dates of their retire-
' ments for age, are as follows:

ANDREW S, BURT, Twenty fifth Infantry, Nov,

21, 1903

SIMON SNYDER, Nineteenth Infantry, Feb, 9,
| 1903

RopertT H. HALL, Fourth Infantry, Nov, 16,
1901;

}

| JoMN H. PaoRr, Third Infantry, March 26, 1906:

| SAMUBL S, SUMNIR, Sixth Cavalry, Feb. 6, 10906;
| FRANCIS I. GUENTHER, Fourth Artillery, Feb,
| 22, 1902

|
|

EDWARD MOALB, Fifteenth Infantry, Jan. 20,
1904
JACOB KLINE, Twenty-first Infantry, Nov, 6,
1904

JOHN L RODGERS, Fifth Artillery, April 18, 1908;
HeNRY F. Noyrs, Second Cavalry, Aug. 23, 1003
KELLOGG, Sixth Infantry, March
25, 1906
RICHARD COMBA, Fifth Infantry, July 11, 1901;
THOMAS MCGREGOR, Ninth Cavalry, June 26,
; 1901
GRORGE M, RANDALL, Eighth Infantry, Oct. &,
104
MENRY B.
Jan, 17, 1901
SAMUPL M, WHITSIDE, Tenth Cavalry, Jan. 9,
1903;

|
|
| EDGAR R.
|

FREEMAN, Twenty-fourth Infantry,

LOYD WHEATON, Twentieth Infantry, July 15,
1902

Henry C. HASRROUCK, Seventh Artillery, Oct
26, 10034;

JACOB TB, RAWLEs, Third Artillery, Aug, 4, 1003;

JOHN W, FRENCH, Twenty second Infantry,
June 2, 1007

AARON S, DAGGETT, Fourteenth Infantry, June
14, 1801
CHAMBPRS MCKIBBIN, Twelfth Infantry, Nov,

2, 1908

CHARLES C, Hoop, Sixteenth Infantry, Aug,
28, 1905

THEODORE A, BALDWIN, Seventh Cavalry, Dea
31, 1908,

Gen. CHAFFEE himself does not retire

} until April 14, 1906;
than any offleer on this list except Col,
Frencu of the Twenty-second and Gen,
Bates of the Second. His promotion
now, therefore, might block completely that
of all except these two officers.

The President's choice in the past indi-

so that he is younger

tion| the Merits of the Chickasaw grievance, | cates that he will fill the vacant Generalcy

line |

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1900.

with as much success as he has had hitherto
in making his promotions, and with justice
to the many interests that are involved
in the matter.

 

 

Baseball.

In Brooklyn day before yesterday, the
umpire in the ball game between the men of
Brooklyn and those of St. Louis declared a
certain player not out. Thereupon the
catcher of the opposing club, a St. Louis
man, threw the ballat the umpire, rushed at
him and struck him, The St, Louis captain
stood by his catcher and refused to play
after the umpire had performed his duty of
ordering the catcher toretire. So the game
was forfeited,

There is no mystery in the growth of
ruffianism on the ball fleld. Planted by the
players, it has been systematically oulti-
vated by the managers of the clubs and by
a peculiar portion of the public press. We
give here a case of It:

Some months ago the Boston Herald
denied hotly Tur Sun's charge that it was
the friend of disorder on the ball fleld.
We thereupon gave the proof, Last week
our contemporary transgressed again, and
with the evidence of its offence too fresh
for rebuttal, it tried to justify itself.
“ Surely,” says the Herald,” thereis nothing
like rowdyism ifn the player making a pro-
test after an unjust decision.” If the um-
pire has not “a lot of judgment,” there
ig“ bound to be lots of kicking.” Players
are commended who “stand up bravely
when they thought they were getting less
than what belonged to them.” What
degree of emphasis in kicking our con-
temporary would smile upon, probably it
not know itself. Formerly it drew
the lingat protests of a“ dangerous char-
acter,” or knock-down-and-drag-out.

The St, Paul Globe presents a milder case
of rowdy-maker, Last week it proposed that
rowdyism should be thus “ regulated:"

does

“Taking exceptions to a ruling might be allowed
under regulations forbidding more than one player to
state the objection, and enforcing dignified conduct
on his part The permission to‘ kick’ might even be
limited to such decisions as are likely to change the
fortunes of the game, and the discusston between the
player and the umpire might be restricted to two
minutes of time."

The rules of baseball say that the umpire
shall be the ‘‘sole and absolute judge of
play,"’ a provision common and _ indis-
pensable to all sport, Baseball cannot be
prosperous or decent until the umpire is
unquestioned in his decisions, or, in other
words, until the Boston Herald school of
play is suppressed,

The Hon. Danster Ravis “of the United
States’ has beer talking in Peor.aand he has
poured a whole Sugar Trust of sweets on Col
W. J. BReENNINGS. For example

This noble son of Illinots will live tn history as
the fearless and brave leader who has come up out of
the common people in the evening of the nineteenth
century

Col BRENNINGS'S paper Cabinet ts full, The
alternates are all selected and the waiting list is
lirge, But he ought to send the Hon. Danstenr
Ravis nice autograph letter, mofst with

4$ the saviour of bis country."

a

tnolassea,

Mr. Bryan by Hs refusal of Senator HANNA'S
challenge to debate imperialism, on the theory
that the challenger's “responsibility {s leas
than my own, if I am elected,” and that he,
I an “only debate public questions with
t ican candidate for the Presidency,”
aking himself politically an aristocrat such
vasneverhenrdof. The high-placed BRYAN
cannot stoop to disenss with the hurnble Hanna!
The proverb that a cat may look at a king holds
good for polities as well as courts. If Bryan

 

 

thinks that the refusal of the Hon. Jonn S
Wisk to accept the challenge of a Lee man
when Wise and Lee were candidates for the

Governorship of Virginia, covers the Bryan-
ffanna case, he is wofully mistaken One
day, as Wisar after a hard day's journey, was
preparing himself for dinner in a hotel wash
room, another citizen of the State approached

that he thought Wisk should be
licked for something he had said on the stump,
it he would have to flight it out then and
Wise said, “ am running for Governor
tl a political
right, for any cause, to run
getting knocked out while my oppo-
scat)iless Bring Fitz Ler here,
ill be a fair shake for both
parties, and I will Nght him all you want.”

Mr. WrsF in this case would have done very
wrong if he had done otherwise. If Manna
had challenged Bryan to fisticuffs, Bryan
would have been well within the rights of his
responsibility if he had waved
HANNA aside and told him that in the ring his
could be McKixury alone. But

him to say

aricl th
there
of Virgin
party. IT have no
the risk of
nent goes

so that

la, as e representative of

there sl

personal

opponent

  

the forum of political debate knows no dis-
tinetion on account of race, color, previous
condition of serviftide or individual status

of any kind or degree. We believe that BRYan
is afraid to meet HANNA. The Boy Orator of
the Platte is on the run before the husky orator
of the Ohio

While still a short time remains for the more
hardy and e: thusiastic bathers to enjoy them-
selves in the surf, the daily arrival of seaside
Visitors in town indicates that the beaches are
becoming deserted. Few seasons have afforded
more pleasure to those who love a dip in the
ocean than the one now closing. Recklessness
in venturing too farinto the breakers has de-
clined and, consequently, more bathers have
survived. The mishaps near New York have
shown the splendid efMictency of the life savers;
and where they were absent, the courage and
readiness of spectators to lend assistance have
been notable,

 

There {a a very interesting contrast between
the Democratio talk about “ militarism” and
the views of the first military figure of the
Republic, Gronog Wasninaton, We print
here a letter received from Baltimore:

“To THR EDITOR OF THR SUN- Str: During
the present campalgn so much has been written and
sald about ‘militarism’ andthe opinions ofthe found-
ers of our country, that one is naturally reminded
of the ‘First Annual Address of GFORGR WASH-
INGTON to Fellow Citizens of the Senate and House
of Representatives,’ dated Jan. 4, 1790

"In this address the Father of his Country says:

“*Among the many Interesting objects which will
engage your attention that of providing for the com-
mon defence will merit particular regard. To be
prepared for war is one of the most effectual means
of preserving peace

“"A free people ought not only to be armed, but dis
ciplined; to which end a uniform and well-digested
plan ts requisite; and theirsafety and Interest re-
quire thatthey should promote such manufactories
as tend to render them Independent of others for essen-
tal, particularly military, supplies.’

“Wil THE SUN please explain to its many readers
what it thinks WASHINGTON meant by the above;
and also whether or not tt thinks WASHINGTON'S
opinion of any value?

“ GRORGE

‘BALTIMORE, Sept. 19.""

WM. COALE,

Tn our opinion, WASHINGTON meant to have
a military plant in America which should be
proportionately many times what it is to-day.
If there have been “militarista” at any time
in the United States in the past or present,
WASHINGTON Was the foremoat

Hopeful Jim JONES more than equals ex-
pectatiog fe finds the “situation in New
York exrellent,” and he is “hopeful that Mr.

Bryan will carry Connecticut and New Jersey."
ALTOFLD hes no charity and Hit. no faith;
but Jim Jones has hope enough to stock the
world. He went into the Round Cotton Bale
Trust merely from his hope of benefiting
the publia

 
  
   

|

' 99-100 gralnsof goldare$!

Se Re dtineel bate

 

THE PERIL OF BRYAN.

 

Why Another Gold Democrat Is for MoKialey
~A Very Interesting Discussion,

To tar Epiror or Tar Scn-—Sir: Cer-
tain of the Gold Democrats of 1896 are now of-
fering confeasions that their votes of four years
ago werelmistakes and that this year they will
vote for Mr. Bryan

Having no insensate craving for the honors
and emoluments of office, nor for fat profes-
sional fees from political associates or assocla-
tions, I fail to find after earnest study of their
elaborate explanations any adequate reason
why the rank and file of Democrats who, like
myself, in 1806 voted against the Chicago plat-
form and candidate should at the coming elec-
tion reverse the position we then took.

If not the ‘paramount’ (ssue the
question ts certainly the dominant issue in the
present campaign. Mr. Bryan himself has
made {t so. His insistence foreed ft Into the
platform adopted at Kansas (ity, in spite of all
protests, and there itis as plain as words can
make it; and he who votes the Democratic
ticket this fall votes for it. Whatever may be
Mr. Bryan's defects of judgment no one can
deny to him courage and tremendous will
power. If without patronage and with no per-
sonal organization at his back he could so dom-
inate the National Democratic Convention
as to compel it to the formal adoption
of his financiul views, ones let him
be invested with all the patronage and power
of the Presidential office what is going
to prevent him from putting hls theories
into practioe ? No one who votes for him can
conalstently oppose his adopting such a course,
and every Congressman elected upon the same
platform, if he isnot dishonest, must support
him init. We in Greater New York know to
our cost that when we vote for a measure we
are bound by our action, regardless of what
those interested may promise in advance. I
refer to the vote for Consolidation

It is fatuous polley for those who believe Mr
Bryan's financial v ews to be wrong and dancer-
bis supporters;

silver

ous to trust to the promises of
ho himself has made none

As © measure of the intellectual fitness of the
can cidate for the supreme office to which he
aspires, and in view also of the i@norance of the
that still so largely prevails, a brief

au ject

consideration of the meaning of the joint ex- |

pressions, ‘the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 tol andits maintenance at a parity
with gold," is very pertinent,

Tt means, in plain Fnglish, that the Govern-
ment is to take all the aliver brought to the
Mint and coin {t Into silver dollars, each of
which shall contain an amount of silver bullion
weighing Just alixteen times as much asthe gold
{ina gold dollar, andthatby the flit or decree
of the Government the value of each such silver
doliar shall be kept equal to the value of a gold
dollar. That means that by operation of law 871'4
grains of silver shall with unlimited coinage be
equal in value to 23 and 22-100 grains of gold
There are men in lunatic asylums whose
halluctnations are saner than this

Now, some wise Aleck will sav: Pooh, a dollar
fan dollar,” and producing a si'ver dollar piece

he will triumphantly demand “Is not that a
dollar?” He is a blatant fool. The silver
dollar is not a dollar; {t is a mere token coin

which the Government will redeem by giving a
gold dollar for it--not exactly, however, for the
one-dollar gold piee ia an obsolete coin: but for
every five such + fees. of
colin containing five dollars, enc of which Is
23 and 22-100 grains of gold, with afixedamountof
alloy Provided slwas
of such silver coins shal! be

Asa mattorof fact the universal standard of
value to-day in all oivilized commur
practically a grain of gold, the value of which
is not determined by Governm ont act on at all,
but by the unwritten Jaws and pra of
trade and commerce. To this standard all elvi-
lized coutitries have adapted their several mon-
etary systems. In all but thre: er four coun-
tries the wold eins are 9090 fine, that is, 900 parts
of pure gold and 100 parts alloy, and the values
of the respective coins der d upon the
ber of grains of pure that they contain
In this country we have fixed the value of our
dollar by prescribing that {t shall contain 23
and 22-100 grainsof go!d; inother words. 28 and
In Fneland about five
grains of go'd are taken
France the value of a ten-

ny of a ter

silver it will

fasned

*s is

 

er nume-

go'd

times that number of
So

 

as asoverelgn

fr

 

ne

 

ark pleee, in
Austria mined by the
number of gr h reepective coin
contains, agrain of gold having the same value
fn all coins and countries

Thus, {f to make a gold payment {In Germany
or France weship over a bag of fve- dollar cold
Pieces, the value of oursehipment is determined

f agulden piece, is dete

ns of gold:

 

  

not by counting the coins butby weighirg them,
and the number of grains of gold so found de-
termines the valueof our ipment in doliars,

franca, marks or guldens, as may be n
venient.

No value fs:
of coinage: in bars or

wt con-
dded tothe gold hwthe process
bricks of the standard
fineness It {a often worth more than {t {sin coin.
In New York, for ys t forelgnexchang»,
$30,000 in the form of a brick is worth % of 1
per cent, more than $30,000 In five-dollar pleces
fresh from the Mint

Now, having it clearly in mind that the value
of a dollar is dete by the valne of

ITPoses «

mined solets

 
 

|
in

 

givea gold |

 

=~

 
  

his election, and he knows it. If there were as
many men in this country without oonsecience
as there are fools the lot of the poor man would
be hard indeed,

Mr. Bryan has other friends than the debtors;

there are the laboring men of various trades.

flow will they fare?

Suppose a pile of bricks has been dumped be-
side a country road and a hod carrier comes
along and busies himself carrving the bricks
across the road to the other side, where a brick-
layer takes it into his head to build them up as
awall. They loth work bard, but when the
labor is finished it goes for naught, be ause
their labor has not been intelligently directo 4;
the result adds nothing to the good «f the com-
munity. Now, aman with experience and in-
telligence sers that if old building
shall be torn down and a new one erected
its place the result will be valuable
to the community and therefore to him

nd such ascheme will give to labor profitable
employment. Money, however, Is absavlutely
essential to the enterprise; the various crafts-
men by the rules of their unions must be paid
their wages as the building proceeds Now,
the election is coming on and suppes there fs a
strong chance of Mr. Bryan's succeeding. No
one Wise enough to have money is going to be
fool enough to lend dollars worth 23 and 22-100
grains of gold with so great a risk cf being paid
back in dollars worth 10 grains of god, So the
money wil not be forthcoming, and those who
might have had profitable occupation will have
ample time to hear Mr. Bryan and all his spell-
b nders,

There will be many such auditors this fall,
for most men with money will refuse to enter
{nto operations until they know how the eleo-
tlon goes. Should Mr. Bryan and his theorles
carry the day conditions will not be much bet-
tered. With the value of a dollar varying, as it
must, from day to day who will want to make
contracts? Even gold clauses will be no pro-
tection. Mr. Aryan Intends to secure a Supreme
Court compliant with his will, He boldly says ro

I know that there are some who are allured

some

by the prospect of paying the r debts legally,

but (mmoraly, in ebeating doliars; but how, in
cir umstances of general business stagnation,
we are going to get even enough of such

dollars to pay our debts puzzles me

Looking facts squarely in the face we can ar-
rive logically only at the conclusion that the
election of the Nebraskan theorist means dis-
tress and suffertog to all who are notrich, and
embarrassment to muny of those who are,

I cannot think that a roan whose brain is
ca; able of entertaining such financial views as
hecoes is fit to be trusted with the solution of
the crave problems that must be met by the
Pre ident of thiscountry during the next four
yeur

If, however, the silver issue is really dead, it
should be properly interred, and I expect by
mny vote to aid in its burial next November.

Now, as to “imyerialism’ but this letter is
long enough already and I will discuss {t in
another ANCTHER GOLD Democrat.

BROOKLYN, Sept. 20,

 

How MeKinicy Woald Get 16 to I.

To THE Eprror ov Tue Sun-Sir; Surely the
ups and downs of the world are past calcula-
tion! Here is another “bread-and-butter”
argument good for both McK nley and Bryan,

My has not been nearly as goodin
the four fat McKinley years as it was in the
four lean Cleve'and years. The reason is that,
because of severe competition, pr.ces for work

busines

| are no higher, while all material has advanocd

athat a limited number |!

the gold bullion it contains, let us return to the |

consideration of Mr. Rryan’s proposition. He
eaves that if elected President h» will, by free
and unlimited coinage, make 871'4 grains of ail-
ver equal tn value to 23 and 22-100 grains of gold,
though the bullion value of 871'; grains of silver
is only about equal to that of 10 @rains of gold
With unlimited coinage the silver-token dollar
will its token value and will come to be
worth only the silver bullion ft containa, and
the value of that bullion will depend upon tts

lose

value in grains of gold. As we hive seen, the
value of the grain of gold can not be deter-

mined by any act of Congress

Were Mr, Bryan to claim that by act of Con-
gress he could make ten grains of gold equal in
valine to 23 and 22-100 grains of gold the absurd-
ity of the proposition would at once be apparent;
but his 371° grains of silver are worth only ten
grains of gold. Wherein ts the difference be-
tween the two propositions? To say, then, that
with free and unlimited coinage the bullion
value of 8371'¢ grains of silver will equal the bul-
lion value of 24 and 22-100 grains of gold isa fan-
tastic dream, {mpossible of realization; yet that
{s plainly just what Mr. Bryan ssserts

His plan, if put in executio), including as {t
does legislation making a worth g71'¢
grains of -\iver a legal tender equivalent fora
coin of 28% grains of gold, can only result in
making our silver dolar worth the bullion value
of the «ilver it contains, and that will be the
only do'lar that we will have; but the grain of
gold wil still be the standard of {ta value

What, then, will be the practical effecta of
Mr. Brvan'a election? Let us take first the
case of the debtor, the mortgagor

In this State the majority of the mortgages
are past due and liable to be called in at any
time. A client of mine has such a morteage on
a house belonging to a railroad employee, and
hishome. The mortgaged proinises are fairly
worth $2,000. The mortgage debt is now $1,000
originally it was more, but $800 has been paid
off.

Just so soon as Mr. Bryan is elec'ed my client
{n self-protection must call that mortgage in
He cannot afford to wait till after March 4, for
then he may be paid insilver, which will mean
for him a loss of eleven or twelve grains ef gold
on every dollar he loaned, Ordinarily with such
s*curity the mortgagor could easily borrow of
some one else, but with Mr. Bryan elected the
same reasons that compel the calling of the
loan will prevent any one else from making a
new one, The mortgage will inevitably be
foreclosed, and there will be time to do It before
the inauguration, About that time financial
affaira will bein such shape that it is safe to
predict that no one will bidding at fore-
closure sales, and the property wil! be bid in,
and the unfortunate mortgagor, who is proba-
bly a Bryan man, will lose the home in which
his savings have been invested, while the mort-
gagee will be the gainer

This is no dream; it is the cold, stern proba-
bility. My client, let me say, is not scoundrel
enough to vote for Bryan, though with the
mortgages he holds he oould gain greatly by

coin

be

of

i)

in mechanics and
Inborers per cent. of my
expenses, have advanced at least 25 per cent.
The conelusion to be deduced trom this is,
that I and all like situated should vote for
Bryan, and employees vote for McKinley. This
would give a ‘ratio’ of more than ‘16 to 1" for
McKinley EX-DEMOCRAT.
Easton, Pa., Sept. 10

and the wages
hich constitute

w

Answers to the Antt-Imperiallst League.
The Brvanite annex known as the Anti-Impe

 

rint«tic League seems to be voluminous in {ts
el poulors inviting people to come and speak for
it. jlere are a couple of answers recently sent;
SEPT, 17.
Clifford W. Hartridge, Esq., Chatrman of Commit-
tee cn Sneakers
DEAR St: | beg to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the th Inst, Inviting me to address
two larg sudienees"’ on behalf of the Antl
Imper siie Leagu
‘ invitation I decline, and Iwill add thatl do

not feel at all complimented by tts receipt

Eve ssuming the polley of the Republican party
to be | rialism, which Ido not for a moment ad
mit, then upon the Issue of impertalism and Hryan-

 

 

 

ism, I mueh prefer the former. Our republite will last
much longer under the impertalistic policy of the Re
publican party, as you conceive It, than under the
Bryantstle policy of the Democratic party.

Moreover, {four republic must perish as the result
of the adoption of either of these two polictes, let ft
rratherthan indishonor, Yours very

DANIEL NASON.
S¥pr. 17.

DEAR SIR: Lam in receipt of yourfavor ofthe 15th
inst., requesting me to speak to “two large audi
ences" in behalf of “The Greater New York Associa
tion of Anti Imperialist Clubs’’ in opposftion to the
Philippine policy of the Administration. In reply!
beg tosay that I have no sympathy with the doctrine,
purposes or methods of the so-called “Antt Imperial

perish tn hon
truly,

 

ists"' Frofm the day of Dewey's victory at Manila
until the present time the whole conduct of affairs in
the Philippine Islands has, In my Judgment, been

dictated by overruling necessity Tam “imperialist”
enough to believe that Gen. Lawton's often-quoted
words are worth more toan American citizen whois
seriously trying to get at the right and wrong of
“anti impertalism”’ than all that has been said or
that will be sald by the entire outfit of patriots who
are predicting the downfall of the republic unless
they are at once permitted to have thelr own way.
PHILO P, SAPFORD.

More Evening High Schools Wanted.

To THF EpIrorR OF THE SUN—Sir: Do you not
belleve that the evening high schools of this elty
should be increased?) There are now but three—
one at Rivington and Forsyth streets, one on Forty
Sixth street, near roadway, and the last at 118th
street and Madison avenue-—open to males

Could not the Board of Education establish an
evening bigh @choo! in the present high School bulld
ing in West Thirteenth street: also another, say
about Fiftieth street, on the East Side? In this way
the schools would be more conveniently located for
many young men that desire to attend an evening
high school and find the present schools located too
far from their homes.

More evening high schools are needed and should
be provided, Many young men after going through
grammar school enter business. They desire to con
tinue thetr studies, but on account of the schools being

| ata distance find itimpoesible to reach their homes

and then be at the evening school by the time the
classes commence JOHN R. MORRIS.
NEW YORK, Sept 19.

 

Panama Hats not Manavi; Jiptjapa,

TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sfr: In your
pathetic mention of that wondrous abomination, the
“Panama hat," In today's Issue of THe SUN, why
call it “Panama” or even “Manavi,"’ asyou suggest?
It is true that these hats originated tn the province of
Manavi (more properly Manabl), Ecuador, but thetr
specific home is the town of Jipijapa tn that Province,
and by the name Jiptjapa they are known through-
out the western part of Latin America. Why not fol
low the uss@e of the makers and the principal wearers
and calltt Jipijapa?—which, by the way, is pronounced

hee pee hah pa E. LB.
New York, Sept 19,
Wake!
To THR EpIroR or THR SUN—Sér: If the

friends of a sound currency and {ts moral and ma
terial blessings, of industry and its rewards, of a
wise and stable governmentand {ts assured peace and
tranquility, do not awake now, there will be sucha
sad awakening on the 7th of next November as the
people of this country bave never yet known
HROOKLYN, Sept 14, J. M. B. CAROTHERS

 

Never Again.
TO THE EpDI,ToR OF THE SUN
Iiryanite said tome yesterday: ‘l voted for Bryan
I would never doitagain. Ile does not tell us
to which of the agitators in the coal regions be prom
ised the portfolio of labor in his Cabinet for @ strike
sumMctenUly serious to insure bis election.”
New YORK, Sept 19,

Str: A former

once

Wa

Ne

 

TNE GERMANS AND MnyaAy,

A Notable Expression bys Cerman Demo.
cratic Nowspaper,
From the New Yorker Staa's: Zeiiung.
The Democratic candidate has forced the.
ver question into the foreground again and thus

has reiwakened the fear that his election
would oarry with {t terrible consequences {

the nation, No man yet has been elected Prey
dent because he possessed striking, b t
qualities. The people demand rightly that .

candidate shallhave certain sterling traits of
character and a solid element of consery
in him, so that one can look to hia adm

tion with confidence and, above all, with lea
security, The prospect that he might wir e
faith has been considerably diminished hy

Bryan by his revival of the silver question

We have deolared from the first that this year
the silver swindle and imypertaliam cannot he
beaten simultaneously and that the voter must
make up his mind clearly which of the two evil,
must be done for firat and which might was,
We had hoped that the silver question Would
piay nordle; we still stick to our belief that tt (4
disposed of and requires no further consid
tiog; and we feel sure thatit is less this «
tion than doubt of Bryan's trustworth{ og
which has brought it forward again and so !urt
the Democratic candidate; but fact re.
mains that the old alarm is aroused agair

The Republicans have no right, nevertheless,
to aco ;)t the votes coming round to MeKin
on such aTounds as voles of confidence jr e
expansion policy, and when they do that they
run the risk of bringing about at the last:
ment a reaction that can be very dangerous.

As

 

TO TEAR DOWN DEWEY ARCH,

Counct! Will Me Asked After Election to Aw.
thorize Its Removal,

The present weather-worn condition of the

 

Dewey Arch jars on the art sense of President
Guggenheimer and he will introdues a reson
tion In e Council at’ its mie n Nov. 13
authorizing the Conus 1 f bile Bull
ings to tear down ¢ t Col. W. ¢
Church, chairman of the Citiz I

for the erection of perma

the court of honor removed first it

the public a chance to see how i
look without the avenues of columns leading

up to it from both sides.

FARMERS LEND THE MONEY Now,

And @ Kansas Banker Quilts Business. in Order
to Go to Faring,

Ortrawa, Kan., Sept. 20.—The C. E.
Bank of Richmond, this county, will n-
tinue business on Oct, 1. This bank is the only
bank in Richmond, the centre of a rich farming
community, Putnam said to-day that he had
been able to lend 4o little money in the last few
montha, and that at such low rates of interest,

that he felt that he was not justified in con-
tinuing the business,

Putnam
dis

   
 

  

Richmond township farmers are lending
each other money at 6 per cent. and have in-
jured the bank’s business. Putnan hig
cashier, W. h. McCall, will go to tary , at

which, they say, they can make more money
than ina bank

John W. Kreidenthall, State Bank Commis-
sioner, will next week make public a suminar
of the recent quarterly reports from State
private banks to his department, He sa)
will be the larwest showing ever mado s
the department was created Before thi
the high-water mark of deposits at any «
time was $20,182,000, while the deposits in tho
national banks had the total up to more than
$50,000,000

There is so much idle money in Kansas Sit
now that the best rate of interest obtainalis
on mortgage loans is 6 per cent,

TO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS,

 

First Earth Turned for the Monuments to Rise
in Their Memory.

Ceremonies appropriate to the beginning
of the erection of the Soldiers and Sailors’ Monu-
ment were held yesterday afternoon, on the
knoll at Riverside Drive and Eighty-ninth
street, the site selected for the monument.

The Memortal Committee of the G. A. R
rected the exercises. Col. J. A. Goulden
sided, About three hundred persona, chf
school children, were assembled there.
dolph Guaegenheimer turned up the first spade-
ful of earth and made a short speech in which
he sald to the children: “This ts an obfect
which appeals to every human heart and par-
takes a the element of immortality, While
empires and republics rise and fall and
blotted ont from the memories of men wl
all the passions of HNfe are as transitory a
short lived as the shadows that fall upon earth
and pass away, vet the love of country and
the pride of patriotie accomplishment extst
forever in the records of time.”
John W. Vrooman, Theodore BR, Lond and
others also spoke, Mr. Lond safd that th
men for whom the monument would stand
were men who turned powder into good gov-
ernment, At the conchision of the ceremonies
Col, Goulden aleo dug up a spadeful of earth,

GRAVE TIMES THESF,

di-
Te-
fly

 

     

 

 

   

President Faance Saye That Neither Dema-
gogues Nor Parasites Are Needed,
Provinencr, R. I., Sept. 19.--Brown nb
versity bewan ita one hundred and thirty-third
year vesterday with a freshman class mim-
bering about two hundred and forty inelusive
of the of Pembroke Hall, This
number is about the same as fn last year's «
tering class. President W. H. P. Fannee made

an address, after the opening devotional ey
ercises, in which he bnew of the objects of a
college course. In emphasizing t need
of broad knowledge at @ time “wher

“co-eds”

thts ne
tion is taking upon itself responsililitias more
@ftive_than it ever before assumed,” Pret

| aent Faunce said

The man ts needed who {is neither a dema-
gogue to the poor nor a parasite to the rtal

cannot help feeling that at this grave stage
in our history those men and only those men
should be in power who have t! widest and
most varied knowledge of the peoples whose

}
futures are in our hands and of the momet-
tous problems that must be solved."

Peekskill's Water Matn.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—Sir: A despat

 

   

in THE SUN of this morning relative to the burs

of the watersupply main of the Peeksuill Wat
Works is calculated toinjure the villag that
conveys the idea that the main ts, in !tself, a we
one and that Peekskill people are tndisposed to 7
vide an adequate water supply, since they Just

down a proposition to bond them for $100,000T

improvements

The facts are that the water main was broken
blast, set off in rocks through which the mato rt
by persons not connected with the Water Departn«
for the purpose of reaching the matn for a pris
water pipe connection with it It was simply o case
of Stupidity,

ya

 

  
   

 

The people did vote against retving $19
whereupon the Water Commissioners etone
@ vote upon $40,090 Ich vote te tobe take
Monday. The people e ready to volte @ rea
amount, but they beilevedl what wa ake
not needed. The people of this town d
ing, and outsiders may depend upon tt
their municipal works in good ape f
Commissioners admit that their call f
was made upon the importur of cit'ze 1
manufacturers The Commissioners only t @ the
mistake of asking for too much for a mat
which the people are not so [Rnorant ast!
referred to implies H. ANDELSUN

PEEKSKILL, Sept 19

The Ant-Fater and China.

To THR FvITroR OF THE SuN-Sir: A friend {9
England sends me the following story in nat
history, which he heard iw the Valley of the Amaze

River In South America
in China

“An animal stood outside a huge ant he
and eating, much to its satisfactlon ar
came out and ran aloug its base This went
some time At last, anxious to carry tt
lion On a large scale, the creature attacked at
{nto the aut heap itself, This was it t
of ant eating Within an hour the bones
animal! lay whiteuing tn the sur

SEPT. 19

It fits the present situat

p plekt

 

 

Why Not?

To THe Eprror or Tue SUN
kicks against the combinations of capi
mire operations; why doesn't he
steam engine’

NEW YORK, Sept, 18,

Sir; Bryan
to %

. caiman 4
kick agains

H. § NER

 

Orchestral Soanding Etoard of Glass.
From the Toston Frentny 7
But the prineipal and nm
new Chickering Ha
with tte sounding board «
backed up by heavy planking and «
ing. The sounding board will l«
plates, 3 by 4 feet, separated by met r ihis,
the by, Is the idea of Mrs William I’) Apthorp W/o
of the well: known muatcal critic, and it is wm@erstood
ehe has patented her invention.

 

 

“ b

ul
fiat

&