"_,_._, WEATHER FORECAST,

Cloudy to-day; to-morrow cloud and
warmer; moderate southeast winds,

Highest temperatur rday,
Detatieg weather’ resents on » ER} lowest, —

 

 

 

 

  

e—

VOL. esioucuimmale —NO. AV.—NO. 278.

 

pened NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MAY 31,

1918,—Copyriont, 1918, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

DRIVE ON THE AISNE APPEARS TO BE CHECKED;
FOCH’S RESERVES NOW JOIN IN THE BA TTLE:
“FIGHTING TOWARD MARNE,’ SAYS GERMAN Y |

GERMAN VICE |KAJSER’S AUSTRIAN TREATY |AILLIRSQUICKLY [GERMANS ADMIT yTenown Prince Gains Five
PLOT AIMED | “SOVIDES FOR FUTURE WARS) qrncen BIGGER |AMERICANSBEAT

AT ASQUITH "sae Compicteiy Subject to Prusian wit | RORCESOF FOEISUPERIOR FORCE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Americans Awaiting Orders
to Take Part in Great Battle

 

By the Associated Presa.

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE, May 30.—The

ee

 

 

Held on Wings,
Captain Bares Threats

anal REACH 35,000
Based on Work of Teu-
ton Agents.

 

WITNESSES SAW VOLUME

 

Poblisher Defending Libel
Suit Tells of Political
Pressure.

 

Lonnon, May 30.-——Noel Pemberton-
Billing, member of Pariiament for East
Hertfordshire and publisher of the
newspaper Vigtlante, opening his de-
fence in ris trial in the Bow street police
court to-day on the charge of libelling
Mauds Allan, dancer, and J. T. Grein,
manager of the Independent Theatre,
called Mrs. Villiers Stewart to prove the
existence of a book which Pemberton-
Billing alleged had been prepared by
German secret agents, containing the
names of 47,000 British persons said to
be addicted to vice and teld in bondage
to Germany through fear of exposure.

Mrs. Stewart, under examination by
Mr = Pemberton-Billing, said the book
which she had e¢en but which was not
produced, contaiz 1d the names of ex-
Premier Asquitt: 4nd Mra, Asquith, Vis-
count Haldane, former Secretary of
War, and Justice Darling, who is try-
ing the case against the member of Par-
Nament.

Names is, Vice Book.

Another witness, Capt. Harold Spen-
cer, said the book was shown him by
Frince William of Wied in Albania. He
eaid he did not remember seeing Mr.
Asquith’s name in it, but he asserted
trat the names of Mra Asquith and Vis-
count Haldane wére there.

Capt. Spencer and Mre Stewart both
paid they had been threatened, the for-
mer after he had communicated the fact
to the autrorities, and Mr. Pemberton-
Billing asked the Judge for protection
for himself and his witnesses. The
Judge referred him to the Chief Commis-
eioner of Police.

Capt. Spencer, before giving the names
of Mrs. Asquith and Viscount Haldane,
said he would only give the names of
those who had been approached and
had succumbed to German temptation.
He had placed the information before
the Foreign Office, the War Office and
the Admiralty.

“There was great politicai pressure
brought to bear,” said the witness, “and
I was told that if it were published it
would undermine the whole fabric of the
Government. I then took it to the politi-
cal machine.”

Capt. Spencer declared that pressure
had been brought to bear to suppress
the matter in September last. when “a
political crisis was on and they were
trying to bring Asquith back to power.”

“Calt” Back of. Deal.

Mr. Pemberton-Billing explained that
his object in calling evidence as to the
existence of the book of names was to
prove the existence of the ‘‘cult” re-
ferred to in the alleged libel and its
political significance.

Continuing his testimony, Capt. Spen-
eer, who was a member of the interna-
t'onal gendarmerte in Albania before the
and alde de camp to Prince Will-
of Wied and is now a member of
the roval air forces, said he wrote the
article which contained the alleged libel

vhich was based on a letter from
Corelli, the novelist. Last Sep-

Rar

  

tenner he had heard of a camarilia in
fravcial cireles, whose object was to get
Asquith back in power and make a Ger-
nan peace, As a precaution he Informed

American naval headquarters so that the

riot might be frustrated.

Admiral Mayo and his secretary
came to me and got the whole state-
ment,’ he said.

Asked whether he knew of operations
ef the camarilla between England and
Germany the witness replied: “They
have had messages sent between Eng-
lard and Germany with this Intelll-
gence’

One of the principal messengers, he
learned from persons who had reported
to the Intelligence Department, was a
we!) Known English society woman, Mrs.
(seorge Keppel. He had seen Mrs. Kep-
bel come back from Holland.

VICE AS FOE'S ALLY.

Actresa's Sault Reveals Base Meth-
oda of Germans.

loe charge against Noel Pemberton-
Tl ng. meinber of Parliament, of iibel-
Ting Miude Allan, an American dancer,
‘ T. (jrein, manager of the Inde-
‘dent Theatre, which is now being

n the Bow Street police court,
© out of the publication In Mr, Pem-

-Rilling's paper, Vigilante, of an
‘ on Miss Allan such as it was un-
Wor of any man to make upon &
Youun, according to the prosecution,

[oe meaning of the passage com-
}.+ «) of was that there was some con-
between nameleas vice and the
le foomances at the Independent The-

This was made clearer by acryp-
reference suggesting that {f Scotland
| were to seize a list of the mem-
bers sabseribing to the Independent The-
@rs there was “no doubt they would

 

 

‘

 

 

   

Continued on Third Pega,

Armies to Be Uniform.

| Made Completely Subject to Prussian Wwill—

 

Lonpon, May 30.—What purports to
be the text of the treaty between
Austria-Hungary and Germany and
which was forced upon Emperor Karl
during his recent _gonference with the
Kaiser at the German main headquar-
ters is published in the Deutsche Volka-
seitung as follows:

(1) His High Majesty the German |
Kaiser and King of Prussia, on the one |
hand, and his High Apostolic Majesty |
the Kaiser of Austria and King of Hun-
Gary on the other, form a close military
alliance for twenty-five years, during
which both parties to the alliance pledge |

 

themselves to em#loy the entire strength |
of their peoples for military purposes, |
The allied nations of Germany and |
Austria-Hungary shall devote all their |
care to have their armies enter into an
eventual future conflict fully prepared
and at a maximum of their strength.
Only thus the future war shall be of
brief duration; for, had the armies of
both alles been in this condition in
1914 this war would have been ended
long ago. |

(2) All male inhabitants capable of
bearing arms shall receive proper and
thorough military instruction. Special |
formations, moreover, shall be provided |
for all auxiliary service in connection
with the production of arma and ammu-
nition.

(3) Regulations for organization, in- |
struction and employment of the aiied))
troops shall be drawn up according to
one common principle, the initiative of |
which shall de left principally to Ger-|
many. The formation of the troops of
the various States of Germany and Aus-
tria-Hungary shall constitute one sole!
army without being considered etrangers
to each other.

(4) Armament shall be on a uniform | German we

W'ADOO WARNS US.
OF STRIKE PERIL

Kaiser Would Get U. S. if Peo-
ple Followed Walkout
Plan, He Says.

 

 

 

REBUKES RAILROAD MEN

 

Over Small Wage Raise
Called Unpatriotic.

Special Deapatch to Tre Scx
WasHINGTON, May 39.—In a message
to all of the railroad shop men of the
country to-night Director-General of
Railroads McAdoo condemns the Alex-
men: wito, as a protest
raises given them,

andria, Va.,
against the small
have walked out.

Mr. McAdoo said the Government
could not be coerced, and he called at-
tention to the appointment by him of a
labor board of three labor and three
railroad men to adjust all inequalities
in the wage raise as an organization to
see that all of them got even handed
justice.

He continued: “The American people
have just been called upon to pay largely
increased freight and passenger rates
for the purpose of paying in part the in-
creased wages amounting to more than
$300,000,000 awarded to railroad em-
ployees.

“Suppose they should strike against
the Government because they do not
think they are fairly treated in being
forced to pay these increases for the
benefit of railroad labor, what would
happen to our country?

“Suppose the railroad officers should
strike because they disliked the orders
of the Government and should refuse to
obey them, what would happen to them?

“Suppose that railroad employees
should strike against the decisions of
their Government and hamper the opera-
tion of the railroads at a time when
transportation is essential to protect the
hundreds of thousands of American
boys now fighting on the battlefields of
Europe to save the lives and property
and liberty of railroad employees serving
here at home, what would happen to
our country?

‘The Kaiser would probably get it.
We cannot all get exactly what we want
in this world, nor can we win this war
unless each and every citizen is willing
to submit to the laws of the land and to

the decisions of those in authority.
“J earnestly hope that from one end

of this great land to the other it may
never be said again that any railroad
man, officer or employee, was 80 un-

patriotic as to strike against his own
Government when it is in the midst of
the most perilous war of all history. It
{s the highest duty of patriotic men to
remain at their posts with the railway
where they are s0 urgently needed for
the safety of the country, and to rely
upon the board of railroad wages and
working conditions and tho Director-
General for the just direction of their
claims. I am sure that I can count upon
you to immediately urge upon your men
by wire the wisdom and patriotism of
the oourse I have

Alexandria’s Shopmen’‘s ‘

*

| as occasion requires, command German

basis to the extent that formations of
one country may draw their supplies
from the nearest depot in the other
country wherever stationed, without
having to depend, as in the past, on
supplies from some diatant home base.
(5) The allied troops shall be brought
into contact with each other for the
Purpose of educating them to mutual
esteem, love and appreciation. This
principle shall guide the training of
future officers, and an exchange of of-
ficers shall be organized between the
German and Austro-Hungarian armies,
so that Austro-Hungarian officers may,

troops and vice versa.

(6)) All preparations for future
wars shall be made in common under-
standing between the General Staffs.
This will require, naturally, a close
collaboration between the General Staffs
and Government Ministers. All pre-
Paratory economic measures connected
with the eventual war shall be taken
beforehand in time of peace, and the
necessary departments be created.

(7) Railway lines and construction
shall tbo directed and undertaken by
both allies in common accord and on
a@ unified plan.

The Milan correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph eays that Austrian and Ger-
man public opinion is informed of the
detalis of the treaty, and adds:

“Germany has succeeded in completely
{incorporating the Austro-Hungarian
army with her own and preparing her-
self for future wars. As the clauses of
; the new treaty become gradually known
i: {9 no wonder discontent and dread of
the future become general in Austria.
All the Socialist papers raise a warring
ery, asking whether the world has not
had sufficient experience of the Moloch
of war and why <Austria should be
dragged into a perpetual alliance for a
perpetual cycle of wars simply to please
German war madness.”

U.S, AVIATOR
IS CAPTURED

Covered ~

German Rifles
When Machine Falls Into
|

falar nape ee tee a cee rn ae eae te ee ee

 

No Man’s Land.

WALKS INTO TRENCHES

 

Machine Crippled in Fight in
Which Three Enemy Planes
Are Downed.

Ry the Associated Presa

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMT IN FRANCE,
May 30.—An American aviator was cap-
tured by the Germang to-day after his
machine had fallen into No Man's Land.

The fight In which the American's ma-
chine was damaged took place when five
American pursuit machines engaged with
a German aerial squadron while pro-
tecting a party of British bombers who
were returning from a raid early this
morning.

Two of the enemy machines were shot
down and another was forced to land
out of control.

The American's airplane came down
between the lines. He was immediately
covered by German riflemen and ordered
to walk into the enemy trenches, which
he did with his hands above his head.

The sun had hardly reached the hori-
zon on this cloudless, windless day
when large numbers of enemy Planes
made their appearance. The Amertcan
aviators took the air one after another
as the Germans came into sight. '

Within fifteen minutes four battles
were fought over No Man's Land.

The American heavy artillery to-day
obtained direct hits on a big ammunition
duinp of the enemy east of St. Mihiel,
which blew up with a terrific explosion,
the burst of flame and pillar of white!

smoke shooting many hundreds of yards
in the alr,

~_—

AMERICAN AVIATOR
SAVES A BRITISHER

Drives Off Two Germans At-
tacking Wounded Bomber.

By the Associated Preas.

 

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE,
May 29 (delayed).—Lieut Douglas
Campbell of (© alifornia rescued a

crippled British bombing machine from
two German airplanes which attacked
it near the Toul sector to-day. Two
patrola of American pursuit airplanes
had gone out to protect a large aquadron
of British bombing tachines returning
from a raid into Germany.

Just before they all crossed behind the
American line one of the British ma-
chines became separated from the party
and was attacked by two German Al-
batross machines. The Britisher had
been wounded by the machine gun fire
of the Germans, who were about to fin-
{sh him when Lieut. Campbell dashed in,

He emptied his machine gun at the
German machines and the enemy re-
plied. but Campbell's fire became so hot
for the Germang that they withdrew.
Lieut. Campbell then escorted the Brit-

 

 

Contioned, 4 on Becond Page,
IZ

a

 

 

British and French Steadily | Capture of Cantigny Grows

Overcoming Numerical
Superiority at Aisne.

FIGHTING IS TERRIFIC

chine Guns, Infantry,
Tanks and Artillery.

 

By GERALD CAMPBELL.
Special Cable Deapatch to Tue Sus from the
London Times
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.

With THE FRENCH ARMY IN THE
Fiz.p, May 30. — The Germans have
made another big advance, but for the

moment the movement appeara to be
checked. On our right, northwest of
Rheims, the British and French troops

are making a determined stand, so far
holding their positions, and on the left
flank the French have held the enemy
back successfully from further progress
in the direction of Compeigne.

But between these two pointa the
enemy has pushed to the southward
steadily, !n some places advancing some
miles toward the Marne. There is per-
haps a good omen tn the reappearance of
this name on the map of the fleld of bat-
tle. We retreated once before to the
Marne and then drove the enemy back.
What we have done once we can do
again. Elsewhere we ehall atop them;
that fs the confidence that remains un-
shaken.

Both French and British officers who
have been in the Aisne fight declare that
the enemy's success is due entirely to his
great numerical superiority !n machine
guna and tanks ga well as in infantry
and artillery. The equilibrium will not
be restored until the neceasary reen-
forcements, which are coming steadily
day by day !n ever Increasing force, are
on the epot.

Defenders Outmatched in Ma-

Refaogeese Drag Along Roads. |

On the roads which serve the front!
perfect order prevails; there {s little |
congestion and no confusion, although |
many homeless fugitives from the in- |
vaded districts are dragging thetr tired
bodies along these roads. The spirit of
these long suffering victims of the war
and of German ambitions !s wonderful
They took !t all quietly, and are resigned |
and calm despite the misfortunes that
have come upon them through no tault |
of their own.

Their confidence even in this critical |
hour in the ultimate triumph of France |
and her allies is a fine thing to see; so
is the friendly sympathy with which |
they and the walking cases of wounded |
are treated by the soldiers, especially by
the drivers of empty ammunition lorries,
French and English, coming back from
the front. When the drivers overtake
walkers they always offer them, with
their pathetic bundles of household |
&0ods, a welcome and cheering lift, and
hour by hour tn these last two days a/|
closer and kindlier spirit of fellowship
and understanding has been built up
between soldiers and civilians, French
and British, in the dust and turmoil of
the crowded roads.

Brotherhood in Common Peril.

As to the relations of the British and
French soldiers, I doubt if at any time |
the feeling of brotrerhood and honest |
admiration ever flourished so strongly as |
in these anxtous days of common peril,
common heroism and endurance. When
the attack began there were four Brit- |
{sh divisions, the Eightt, Twenty-first, |
Twenty-fifth and the Fiftieth Territorial,
holding thirteen miles of the front on |
the Frenct right, from Craonne to Ber-
mericourt., They had on their right a
French colonial division and next to the |
Fiftieth, who were to the left of Craonne, | ,

was another French division holding the | “70 @ headquarters located in a second | ji8 sweeping over Spain, a disease which

eastern end of the valley of the Ailette.

Through all the fighting of Monday
and Tuesday the British in the centre
and the Frenct. on their right and left
stood together, shoulder to shoulder,
facing the enemy and the common boast |
of them all, or rather their common
tribute to each otter, Is that never once
~-except for one short interval on the |
left because there were too few men to!
cover that length of front—did they lose
touch,

The British on the right and the Colo-
nials next to them were attacked to-
gether by four German divisions (about |
60,000 men). These particular Britta |
regiments apparently had had no expe- |
rience with the French Colonials. |

“I have never aeen finer fighters,” said
one of our officers. “If twice as many |
Germans had attacked them they would
not have got through. In fact, I wish’
twice as many had attacked them, for |
they would have got something for their
pains.’ |

Fiftteth Bears the Brunt.
ordinary

Our men were just plain,
Englishmen. All four divisions, accord-
ing to the French, and they ought to be
pretty good judges, fought like heroes, |
When the battle began the Germans |
made their most violent thrust and threw |
their greatest weight of numbers against
the Fiftleth at Craonne.

The others had hard fightiM®, but the

1

|

ee oan |

Continued on Third Pagg, |

 

 

 

 

| left

in Importance With De.
tailed Aceount.

FOUGHT HAND TO HAND)

 

 

Our Troops Routed Enemy |
From Cellars With Grenades
—All Gains Held.

 

By RAYMOND G. CARROLL,
Special Cable Despatch to Tne 8rs.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.

WitH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, May 30.—From the prisoners
taken in the American capture of
Cantigny on Tuesday it has been es-
tablished that our: advance was op-
posed by two German regiments, which
puts the superiority {in numbers on the
side of the troops under cover. The en-
emy was amazed at the aight of tanks
operating in conjunction with the Amer.
{can troops.

The capture of the town and more
than 200 German prisoners waa about
as dashing and complete a coup de
main as the war has seen. It was an
ail American affair too, but under the
watchful eye of the French high com-
mand. Cantigny lies upon the lower
sicpe of the plateau northwest of Mont-
didier. It all began at 4:45 o'clock
Thesday morning, with a terrific neutral-
{zation fire along the Amertcan front
upon the hostile artillery. The roar of
our cannon was heard for miles behind
the lines and lasted one hour.

The first phase of the attack ended
after one additional hour of artillery
preparation, diversion and destructive;
fire had knocked the German positions
into a shambles. The artillery fire
passed tnto a rolling barrage. Then
came the second phase. Promptly at
6:45 o'clock the American infantry went

to it. Its advance was preceded by
twelve tanks acting as pacemakers. The
ground was very level, with a slope

eastward. <A thrilling spectacle was the
advancing American forces on a width,
of two and one-half kilometers and over
a green plateau wet with dew.

Fought With Grenades.

On the extreme right a unit of tin-
fantry attacked simultaneously
Hois Cantigny, popping suddenly out of
the woods and advancing to the north.
Summed up, it took exactly forty min-
utes for our troops to reach their ob-
jective, the distance covered being about
one and one-half kilometers. Within the
town of Cantigny occurred flerce gre-
nade fights and many acts of valor.

The Germans had honeycombed the
village with tunnels and into trese re-
treats and also into old wine cellars
rushed our men. Here took place the
third phase of the fight and the capture
of a majority of the prisoners. The in-
fantry on the left bad been detailed to
“mop up the town.’ It went through
on the run, driving the Germans out of
their holes and from behind buildings
and charred tree trunks

Protected From Flank Attacks.

The Americans went beyond the for-
mer German firat lines to a depth of one
kilometer and tmmediately dug in, being
protected by their splendid artillery bar-
rage. The ravines upon the right and }
of the troops making the
have prevented flank attacks so far. No
German reaction yet has developed, Our
new lines now are well beyond Cantigny,

cellar, itself directly under the fire of}
(verman artillery, Here our Generals of
artillery and infantry etaff offvers and
French liaison officers rubbed elbows
with telephone operators. In the intelli-

Continued on Second Pagr.

More Volunteers for

Sophie Tucker’s Show |,

HE latest entertainers to
volunteer for Sophie Tucker's
SUN Tobacco Fund party at the
Claridge to-morrow night are

 

Eddie Cantor and _ Vivienne
Segal. Besides these the list
now includes Fannie Brice,

Grace Field, Frank J. Westphal,

Armand Kalisz, Marion Sun-
shine, Joseph Lertora, Texas
Guinan, Gertrude Bianco,

Johnny Dooley and Yvette Rugel,
Gordon and William Dooley,
Gus Edwards, Hazel and Alice
Furness, Jimmy ussey, Corpo-
ral R. Derby Holmes, Sergeant
Arthur Guy Empey and Miss
Tucker and her Five Kings of
Syncopation! See page 5.
gabe
WARNING! THE SUN TO.
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors.

from |

charge |

  
    
  
   
     
 
   
  
   
 
    
  
   
  
    
 
  

American soldiers are considering the part they may probably
play in the battle that is raging to the northwest of their positions.

There is no doubt that every available man in France will be thrown
into the combat wherever the French high command deems necessary.

Whatever is to be done will not be known, however, until the
Americans are actually engaged, for it would be inadvisable to discuss
troop movements of any character.

The battle between Soissons and Rheims has drained all activity
‘from the zone in which the main body of the American Expeditionary
Forces hold positions. Except for aerial fighting, quiet is reported
from all the fronts.

KAISER ON FOOT |GERMAN SHELLS
AT AISNE FRONT) DELUGE AMIENS

From a Height He Views Cap-
ture of Chemin des
Dames,

FOLLOWS THE

Remains With Generals
Field Headquarters Till
Late in the Night.

Intense ied - Firing Is
Continued Along Ypres
Front.

ADVANCE] AIRPLANES ALSO ACTIVE

at! Kaiser Attempts to Cover Up
Failure by Referring to

Attack as Raid.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sts from the
London Timee
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved

AmsternaM, May 30,—Karl Rosner of
the Berlin Lokalanzciger, telegraphing
on Monday, describes the arrival of the
Kalser on the Aisne battlefield. He says:

| ‘The Kaiser, who has been present
in the midst of his troops in the intro-
ductory battles of the struggle in the
! weet, on the Somme and in Flanders,
‘ again to-day, when new battles are pro-
ceeding, appeared among the troops con-
tending for victory and peace.

“In the forenoon, when the struggle
for the Chemin des Dames was still in
full progress, a motor car carrying the

standard suddenly

By PERRY ROBINSON.

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun from the
London Timea
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved

Britisyu ARMY HEADQUARTERS IN
France, May 30.—Things remained
qulet to-day on the main British front,
although there was a good deal of
shelling and immense aerial acitvity.
The Germans continue their promiscuous
long range shelling of all sorts of places
far behind the fighting front, including
points where they must know that hospi-
tals are located

In the course of the last twenty-four
hours more than 200 shells were fired
into Amiens. The enemy attempted two

Kaiser's fluttering small operations in the Ypres sector
emerged between the advancing columns] near Voormezeele and St. Clytte. Both
of masses of troops and the backward | were failures

| flowing lines of prisoners and transports We have evidence of the magnitude of
iIt made a way for itself to near the lthe recent German losses from the fact
| issuing positions from which only a few [that one division, the Seventeenth, had

| hours before our storm had descended.

| to have drafts of more than 4,500 men
| “The Kaiser ascended on foot a l eight
|

(about 33 per cent.) to make good its
losses since the beginning of April. Of

 

a few hundred meters north of Winter-

CN

berg which affords a view of the greater] these drafts, two lots, aggregating 1,000

part of the country over which fighting | men, were said to be entirely of the 1919

| was in progress, in order to observe the class.

‘advance in tte victorious struggle, The It is characteristic of the Germans,
tremendous panorama of the Aisne bat-) that they reported officially the opera- |
tlefleld lay in the clear atmosphere spread tion at Locre and Voormezeele as only

out with admirable distinctness before |@ raid. Raids are not made tn such:
this point of observation, which enabled] Strength as to employ eight divisions

him to watch the incessant forward} (More than 100,000 men) on a six mile

front, nor do raiders, when they have

pressure of our attacking troops.

; suc ree ,
“On this height the Kaiser was every- pewasete aa ae ee nemy ie
: ik ais , ‘ n all day un ev are driv
where joyfully greeted with ‘There's the ;
Jos se back by rifle, bomb and bayonet, and

Kaiser! now! He
spoke repeatedly to the soldiers and told
them the first news of our great suc-
cess, He called to individual men and
gave them a share of his knowledge of
the tremendous tide of our victory.
“Until a late hour in the afternoon the
Emperor followed the ground won by our
troops. As evening approached he met
Gen. von Boehm, commander of the
army fighting here, and entered Gen. Lu-
dendorff's headquarters. The three men
remained there untll after 11 o'clock

|

'

pe

at Is

work over their maps
}

It's started again
even cling to positions (as some of the

enemy still were clinging last night to
the woods east of Dickebusch Lake) af-
ter the whole rest of the line has been
beaten back. It was not a raid,
serious attack, which French gallantry
made a disastrous failure,

Since the failure of this attempt there
hag been no infantry operation on the
British front, except minor raids.

of the Oise it has not begun.

We captured an. orde ” risoners
night in earnest gion: capt ai , d a ae ; 5 2
it! a) Ad ion Statings ° r
As they parted, thanks to the bold and es Pe » I ; ° reef a Ae
len ee e speci "a ‘omm as!
rapid attainments of the day, confidence '. objectives, specifically ¢ nan
that not an inch of the ground gained |

in the outeome of the forthcoming days
; be given up
the (iermans are ualng prisoners near the

front line at at least three points In the

could be seen in all their faces.
!

frunning through Bois Framicourt, from | ‘ab oan I IN MADRID. Cambrat sector Two of these camps

| which woods extend for some distance | ave within ten miles of the battle line

beyond, there being no other vi Nase | Bpidemte fice Grip Alaa oaliie and the third is not more than twelve

ahead of our present lines for seven | 300 D Prisoners are employed on roads, rail

kilometers. King and ¢ actors, Way work and similar jobs even nearer
The whoie operation was conducted Maprin, May 30.—The epidemic which|to the front than these cam pe

resembles grip,
jin severity. There are more than
900 cases in Madrid The
| however, continues to be low,
| The King arose from a sick bed to-day,
but is still unable to attend to matters
of state, The fact that more than six
| hundred doctors suffering from the

is increasing
180,.
mortality,

;somew hat

FURNESS LINER SUNK;
25 OF CREW LOST |

Sailors in Boat Rin Down by
U-Boat, Survivors Believe.

 

 

are

 

 

 

 

patents of the disease hampers the fight, Boston. Mass, May 30 News of the
Cees Bz sinking of the lrurness Line steamship
Cheviot Range and the loss of twenty-!
|DUTCH SHIP BARS AMERICANS. five of her crew was received bere to-
ee day. The vessel was bound from a port
| Germany Pats Restrictions on) in the Mediterranean to England when
| Liner Nieuw Ameterdam, she was attacked by a submarine off
2 A Fastnet. She went down ina w ine
AMBTERDAM, May 30.-—The Holland- vee e nt a few mit
America Line steamship Nieuw Amater- pa ;
dam has sailed for an Amermean port rhe entire crew tnok to the boats,
' es ye erneress A ‘| but oniy ten men were saved One
yith erican yASsSeNngers, as
) without An , } a as the of the boats disappeared suddenly and
| German Government made the safety of | tye survivors believe that she was de-
j the vesse] dependent on this liberately run down by the submarine
| There 18 an American born citizen | aid all hands left to drown
laboard the steamship, but he is a nat- Capt. J. Wo Manning, commander of
uralized Hollander more than 70 years] the frefwhter, was lost and onost of
of age the other officers were among the vic-
: trma,
. aot agus The Cheviot Range was formerly in
Italy to Send Alr Comminaton, trade between Fowey and Boston, and
| Rome, May 30.—-Gluseppe Hevione Oapt. Manning was well known here
t, May vee G
— ¥ r a i - . 7 .
member of the Chamber of Deputies, Gen. De Vallieres Killed.

has been appointed Itahan Commissioner

 

for Aeronautics in America. Signor Be- Panis, May 30.--According to the
vione {g editor or tne Turin Stampa, Havas correspondent at the front the
Aa mile French General killed on Tuesday on
the ficid of honor was Gen, Tierre de

VISIT W. 8S. 8. ART EXHIBIT, Valliieres,
It is inspiring to see, this collection of He was struck by a shell fragment

waters, while leading his men. Gen. de Vallieres

Public Library an
was 49 years old,

j Anerican ideas for W. Ss. 8
| Waterman Pen Bidg., 189 B'way.— Adv,

-———

 

but aj}

if the |
nemy contemplates a large attack north |

Hospital Equipment, Rail-
| way Trains and Large

Calibre Guns it in n Booty.

WORST BELIEVED OVER

Allies Confident That Force of
Attack Has Been Spent and
Line Is Still Firm.

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sex.

Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
Lonpon, May 30.—On the fourth day
of fighting on the Aisne front the Gere
man Crown Prince's army failed to
gain any considerable ground On
both flanks of the forty mile fighting
front the troops of the Allies refused
to give up any further territory de-
spite persistent enemy attacks, while
in the centre, at Fere-en-Tardenois
and Vezilly, about seven miles north
of the Marne, the French reserves

 

have about checked the German
thrust in the direction of Chateau
Thierry. :

It would appear that the reserves of
the Allies have come into action as
| planned and have made their power
j felt. Soissons is regarded as more
| oth to the Allies, because of its im-
portance to the Montdidier-Amiens
line, than the other end of the front.
Hero the French are holding the high
ground on the fortified plateau of Bel-
jleu and Mentagne commanding the
southern and southwestern exits from
the city, whence main roads lead to
Villers-Cotterets and Chateau Thierry,

Absolute command of Soissons by
the Germans not only would holé a
distinct threat to Paris but would en-
able the enemy to link up the battle
fronts on the Aisne and the Somme,
widening out his original salient so
that for purposes of counter attack it
would cease to be a salient at all.

Telegrams from Amsterdam indicate
that the enemy is preparing the Ger-
;}man public in ‘advance for the slow-
ing down which seems to have oc-
curred to-day. Military writers gen-
erally supposed to be in direct touch
with the German high command sug-
| Seat that the counter measures which
| Gen. Foch will undertake in the next
few days will slow down if they do
hot bring to a standstill the German
udvance, They suggest that a new
| offensive must be looked for on an-
j other bart of the front.
\ It would appear that the enemy har
two alternatives before him—he may
Be to continue the thrust beyond Sois-

 

sons and by striking at the Paris-Chal-

ons Railroad threaten the capital, or he
may

take advantage of his widening
salient and avall himself of his concen-
| trations before Amiens to resume his
| Seensive In an attempt to continue his
| drive toward Abbeville and the estuary
of the Somme.

|FOE SLOWED DOWN
ON MOST OF FRONT

Additional ‘Gaiman Advances
Scored at Several Points.

May 80

 

 

LONDON, There is a marked
slowing down in the German drive
against toe French line on the Aisne
front, sa much so that over most of the
front the advanee may be said to have
been checked, for the moment at least
Gaon, Woehs yeserves are rushing up to
ne oseene in ever increasing numbers
and there is every probability that they
will be able to hold the Giermans at any

pboont that the Cieneralissimo may decide
upon from now on,

In the meantime, however, the Ger-
mans by concentrating here and there
on the line have been able to make ad-

{ditional gains, of whieh the most im-
portant Was to extend their sallent
;a about five miles further to the south to
} Fere-en-Tardenois, which 18 directly on
{the road to Paris, Vezilly also was
| taken ‘North of the Alsne, be-
sond) Solssous, the Germans captured
several \illages and pushed their front
a little further due west. On the other
end of the line, at Rheims, they alao
took some villages and several of the
{forts which protected the city on the
nerthwesteru side, but Rheims itself is
| st 1) holding out and there is a chanee
} now that it mas continue to do so,

(Captives Placed at 35,000,

| Rerlin reporta the capture of an enor.
I mous amount of booty left behind by the
Aives in their hasty retreat, including
many Die Buns and huge quantities of
| medical stores. The number of prisoners

| taken is now placed at 36,000.

| Paris reports to-night that the battle
eontinued to-day with  undimintahed
violence along the whole extent of the
front and that the Germans are multle
plying their efforts in the direction of
Ville-en-Tardenois, which is to the eas.

of Pere-en-Tardenois, Evidently the
;}Germans are trytng to widen their
| saitent, but apparently thes area bit too

‘late, for it is along these two shouldere
of the wedge, on the southeast and
southwest sides, that the Allies’ ree

s