~ oer CENTS. eae
Se eS

VOL, “LANIL —N0. 103,

 

‘s ——

NEW YORK,

ooo

 

 

GROUT WON'T PAY LIGHT DIU | oor eaeee note nee CARNEGIE MAY TESTIFY HERE

 

CHANGES HIS
INVESTIGATE COST,

 

Gives a Number of Reasons for Separating
From Tammany Commissioner, Chief
ane Belng That He Hears the Public
Wants a Fight, Whatever It Costs,

Comptroller Grout has decided not to pay
the back bills for city lighting on the terms
accepted by the companies. He said yes-
terday!

“| determined last Friday evening to
abandon the proposed settlement of the
yas and electric lighting | bills, for the
following reasons:

*Firet—At the time I negotiated the
settlement I did not understand that there
was any possibility that the bills were not
carrying interest. I was informed that
in a similar dispute in 1899 the city paid
such interest on the advice of the Law
Department, and, I examined the opinion
then rendered. The liability for interest
is now questioned by competent attorneys
who cite decisions of the cotrte which,
upon reading them, I believe and am ad-
‘ised by my counsel, Mr. Carr, do raise
a question of the possibility of such liability.
If the city is not liable for interest the bene-
{it which I supposed I was getting for the
city disappears, and therefore the con-
videration for the compromise.

“Second—The fact which influenced me
in the first place to consider an adj ust-
ment and compramise of these bills was
the making of the 1904 contracts. The

alidity of those contracts is now attacked
in court by a suit begun last Thursday,
and 1 do not consider that I ought to base
any act of mine upon contracts whose
validity is so questioned. The effect of

ich contracts, if valid, is best illustrated
hy one of the allegations in the suit to set
them aside, that is, that such contracts
make a standard or market price for the
cv
Third—It has become very evident
that the general public prefers to have
these claims fought out by the city to the
end, whether the city wins or loses in money
hy making such a fight. Every consumer
in the eity seems to have his grievance on
account of his own bills, and to look to the
prospect of litigation over the city's bills

as likely to help the community at large. |

There seems to be a desire that the city
should fight, not only because of the hope
of saving city money, but as the cham-
pion of all private consumers.

*] shall at ones proceed to make such
inquiry as the law entitles me to make
into these bills, the cost of producing and
distributing gas and elestricity and the
capital actually employed in the business,
and shall ask Henry Yonge, as my
personal adviser, Col. Robert Grier Monroe,

who, as Commissioner, firat questioned
these bills, and Clarence J. Shearn, who
as Mr. Hearst's counsel, has brought the

questions into court, to act with the Corpor:
ation Counsel to represent me in making
such inquiry. so as to make it as exhaustive
as the Comptroller's powers permit.
nointerest Lo serve except the public interest
and I sought to adjust these claims because,
on the facts and law as [ underatood them,
such adjustment seemed to me to be for the |
city’s intereat. Now, as such facta and law |
are questioned and as the public evidently
wishes these issues thoroughly tried out,
| whatever cost, I will do what my offi cial
powers permit to sift out thoroughly the
unreasonableness of these lighting charges.
Whatever pride of opinion one may have in
wn matters, and desire to adhere to a
position onee taken, such considerations
annot be permitted where one is acting
« the representative of others, besides
a contest of these bills to the end is
vitae which L would always have
preferred, and which I was influenced not
io adopt heretofore only by the belief that
1ey might be saved by settlement.”

his 0

whict

city mor

HAS CITY POWER TO BUILD ITS OWN PLANT?
The Citizens’ Union is inclined to think
that there is apparently no need for a special
empowering act of the Legislature before
theeity ean go ahead and establish its own
zhting plant. At its last meeting the

I}.ord of Estimate instructed the Corpora-
tion Counsel to draw up an enabling bill.
\ itiz ‘ns’ Union says:
If (he board is really anxious fora muni-
cipal ligh ting plant, would it not be well,
efore appealing to the Logmiature, to
ertain whe sther the cily may not already
lave the power? The Legislature of 1904,
with little li seussion of the subject, assed |
! Chapter 409, amending the Charter |
ising the ‘powers of the Board of

ire

 
  

lernven. After giving the Aldermen
vdditional powers in building and equipping |
Oats tele sraph lines, public comfort sta-
lions, &e., the new amendment proceeds:
In addition to the specific ie} see herein-
efore set forth, the Board o dermen may
» loons and pe erine the dnene of |

Iso ormate
onda for any other purpore connected

€ ervercise of the verious poucrs ret eee
bu ths aet ino nthe City of Mere York or ony
romentor oMeialthereref; provided, how-
er. that no bends or other evidences. of
debtedness shall be issued for wach i.

on i purposes unless first approved
hatnous vote of the Board of Estimate ras
\pportionment, entered upon the minutes

! record of said board.

: The words emphasized, taken in con-
necti n with the provision in Section 50
of the ( ‘harter, ‘Subject to the conatitu-
lion and laws of the State, the Board. of
\idermen shall have power * * * to
provide for regulating, ding, flagging,
curbing, guttering and li ane e streets,’

vuld seem to give the ty sufficient
Re sneral power to d> almost anything it
sires in connection with lighting streete.

“The new amendment to the Charter,
‘hich has onee already escaped the Board
a Estimate and Apportionment may, con-
‘ain unsuspected powers in the way of a

 

municipal lighting plant.”
“TAGO" IN 1 THE INSANE WARD.
Actor tn Robert B. Mantell’s Company

Crazy From Overwoerk.

Thomas G. Lingham, a leading member
of Robert Mantell's company at the Princess
Theatre, who was to appear as Jago in
‘he cast of “Othello” to-night, was taken

om the Barrington Hotel, at Forty-third
“treet and Broadway, to the psychopathic

ward at Bellevue Hospital early yester-
day morning by Policeman Cramer.

Lingbam had spent the previous night
in the alcoholic ward at Bellevue, but the
ward physicians ordered his discharge
on Saturday morning becauwe they didn't

onsider him a proper case for treatment
the re. He returned to the hotel, but acted
+o queerly and disturbed the other guests
+o much by constantly declaiming hie part
in “Othello” that coe geet management

decided to send him
An actress of the Mantell company
visited the

reece ward several
‘mes yesterday 1e d the doctors
‘iat Lingham had been foverworking for
'wo months. He will be sent to a private
sanitarium to-day by his friends. The
doctors believe that with treatment he
Will reanver

MIND AND ile

would be expected to defend Mrs. Cassie
Chadwick, placed herself on record as a

Ihave |

8 She Thinks “Designing Men Used Her
as a Tool.

Boston, Deo. 11.—Mrs. Hetty Green,
| who stopped over in Boston last night,
| probably the last person in the world who |

friend ef that woman, for the time at least.

“I don’t know the woman; I never knew
her kind; but you just wait until the thing's
over and you probably won't find her to
be quite as wicked as she's painted,” she
said. “Probably when they get through
with it they will find some of these big
bankers and lawyers have been behind her’
using her to get money. It would not sur-
prise me a bit to find they and not she have
got the money.

“Now perhaps you don't think that is
possible, but I've had a lot of experience
and I know more about bankers and banks
than most people. All the crooked ones
ain't in jail yet and the Lord knows there's
enough of them there. And you can't
believe all the District Attorneys say about
her, either, They're the people I’m after
now. Remember the Borden case? Don't
you know in that case one of them, now
dead, offered a policeman promotion if
he'd lie for him about that poor girl? Pretty
people!

“And where was the District Attorney
when Jane Toppan was killing all those
people? There's the kind of a woman that
should be locked up.

“I'll talk about her now that they've
proved everything against her. But, gen-
erally, I don't believe in talking about any
woman; never did.

“I was tempted to once and didn’t and I’m
glad since I didn’t. It was long ago when
I was a young girl. There was lots of talk
about a young womaninmyset. Every one
was talking about her except me, I guess.”

 

RAN DOWN MAN; HURRIED AWAY.

Man in an Auto Which Hurt Marphy Gives
Bogus ’Phone Number.

A touring car, painted maroon, struck
John Murphy, 55 years old, as he attempted
to cross the street at the junction of Pelham
and Webster avenues, The Bronx, yesterday
afternoon. Murphy was buried thirty feet
and landed on his head at the side of the
road. He was picked up unoonscious and
carried to a nearby drugstore.

There wes no policeman in sight, and
the druggist seeing that the man’s injuries
were serioys summoned an ambulance from
the Fordham Hospital.

The automobile contained two men and
two women. After going some distance
north on Pelham avenue, the machine re-
turned to the drug store into which Murphy
had been carried. The druggist pleaded
with the occupants to await the arrival of the
ambulance surgeon, but one of the men
| said:

“This man is, no doubt, seriously in-
jured. We haven't time to wait, but I
would like to b@ informed as to the extent
of his injuries. Later in the evening you
can reach me by telephone. Call 236
| Thirty-eighth street.”

With that all got into the machine and
headed north. The manager of the Thirty-
eighth street exchange says that there
| ix no auch call as “286 Thirty-eighth.” “The
| druggist, Albert Huth, says he was very
! particular in getting the number, and to
make sure asked the man in the big fur
* to write it down. Huth asked the

nfn for his name, but the latter refused
bee give it.

Murphy was taken to the Fordham Hos-
pital and the doctors there say he probably
| has sustained a fractured skull. He was
unconscious at a late hour. Murphy is

master mechanic and lives at 148th Steet

and Eighth avenue.

| eae? BRING 30,000 SONGBIRDS

| Which Make the Hoboken Region Sound
| Like Opera Astra».
| The raging of wintry seas could not drown
the melody of 20,000 birds, mostly canaries,
that arrived ‘yesterday in Hoboken aboard
'
'
!
|
}
'

 

 

 

the North German Lloyd steamship Han-
nover, from Bremen. None of the little
mus.cians, including some of the most ex-
pensive and talented finches that have
ever whistled, had a chance to see what
the weather without looked like. They
were in cages in a steam heated compart-
ment of the ship. All that they saw was
pleasant, and they had plenty to eat and
drink on the fourteen days of tumult that
made most of the steerage passengers un-
happy. Several hundred of the vocalists

died, which is about normal mortality in |

so large a bird population, but that did
not lend a bit of sadpess to thenotes of the
multitude of survivors.

Five covered vans were waiting for the
singers a A the liner's Hoboken piers. Lest |

their voices be affected by the chill of the |
air the warbler’s cages were thickly cov ered |
when they were transferred from the ship |
to the vans, which were heated. They
were driven to the places of half a dozen
fanciers in this city. On the way to the
ferry, sheltered from the frosty air, they
sang just as lustily and sweetly as when
they were in warm quarters aboard ship.
Later they made the ferryboat that brought
them to this borough seem like an opera
house loosed from ite moorings. They were
imported for the Chistmas holidays.

The Belgravia, which was in close com-
pany with the Hannover on many days of
the stormy trip, had a colony of about 10,000
singers aboard. The’ combined shipment
is the largest that has ever been landed at
this port in a single day.

THREE DAYS ON FLOATING ICE.

 

 

}

|

|

|

| Deserters From a Whaler Have a Trying
| Experience fn the Behring Sea.

Tacoma, Wash., Dec. 11.—Living for
three days on floating icebergs in the
Behring Sea without food or water was the
experience of Wynne Heryford, a young

variety actor who shipped as a eailor on

| the whaler Beluga last March. Heryford,
with eight other novices, resented the
mate’s cruelty. Six of them left in the
Behring Sea and started over the ice to
the land, seven miles distant.

Heryford and two others followed half
an hour later. These three soon came to
broken ice. Boarding a small floe they
used their hands and feet as paddles, but
the current carried them fifteen miles
seaward. That night a counter current
carried them back toward the land. They
drifted about three days when a squaw
and two Eskimo boys rescued them with a

| canoe.

Their hands and lege were bleeding from
contact with salt water, Their hunger had |
become so severe they had discussed ad-
visability of drawing lots to decide which
of the three should be killed for food. They
met the six other deserters at Teller and
all reached Nome nafely.-

 

> MRS, CHADWICK DECIDES TO
| MAKE A FIGHT OF IT.

 

Lawyers Expeet to Learn To-day Whether
or Not She Will Go Volantarily to
(leveland—She Reads the Sunday
Papers and Cheers Up a Good Deal.

Mrs. Chadwick's
make’ up her mind to-day whether she will
waive examination here and go back to
Cleveland or will resume her search for a
bondsman.

Inasmuch as her examination has been

lawyers expect her to

set down for next Saturday it is believed |

that ehe will decide to remain here until
then, end as her lawyers are not hopeful
of getting bail at a reasonable price it is
probable that she wi! ramain in the Tombe.
Her lawyers !elieve that by taking ed-
vantage of technicalities they could post-
pone her removal for some time. They
have advised her that it will not be®o easy
if she stays here for the Ohio State authori-
| ties to make trouble for her.
| One of the Federal! officials said yesterday
that Mr. Carnegie would in all probability
| be called as a witness in the proceedings
before CommissionerShields on Saturday,
if the examination goes on. His testimony
would be to show that the collateral she
had deposited in the bank at Oberlin was
a forged note and that therefore the bank
bank had no money of hers, or value there-
for, with which to make good the check
for $12,500 the bank cashed for her. The
Federal officials here have been advised
by District Attorney Sullivan of the North-
ern district of Ohio that Mr. Carnegie has
promised to testify here if required to.
So far as could be learned yesterday Mr.
Carnegie hasn't yet been served with any
subpoena to appear either here or elsewhere.
His secretary said he had no comments to
make on the latest discoveries of the Chad-
wick scheme of finance based on the use
of his name.
Lawyer Carpenter would not say what
defence, if any, Mrs. Chadwick would put in
| before Commissioner Shields.
| “She has not definitely made up her
mind as yet to stay here, and not waive this
examination,” Mr. Carpenter said, “and
we can't discuss the legal phases of that
examination until she has made up her
mind. We will try to get a bondsman to-
morrow, if it is sure she is not going to
Cleveland.”

Mrs. Chadwick's nurse and son are still
at the Hotel Breslin. They seem to have
plenty of money and every day one or the
other takes down a lot of delicacies to Mrs.
Chadwick. Yesterday Freda took her mis-
treas a lot of expensive flowers.

Mrs. Chadwick spent yesterday reading
the Sunday papers. Dr. Levin, the physician
attached to the Federal part of the prison,
visited her in the morning and found her
cheerful. She was sitting on her couch
surrounded by a heap of papers and seid
that she was feeling better than she had
for the past two days. She didn't attend
any of the religious services. About 10
o'clock her son Emil and her maid Freda
called. They werenot allowed to go up to
her cell.

“You will have to get a special pass fro.n
| Marshal Henkel,” the warden told them,
and together they .went to Mr. Henkel’s
house in East Nineteenth street. He had
gone out of town for the day. The maid
came back to the prison and conducted a
written correspondence with her employer
which kept an attendant busy carrying
messages.

“I think Mrs. Chadwick will be free to-
morrow,” said the maid.

WON'T SEE WOMEN CALLERS.

New Ru of Pittsburg's Rich Men—Frick’s
Gift of 86,000 to Charity.
PittssvunG, Dec. 11.—*Give the ladies
this check and tell them Mr. Frick cannot

see them to-day.”

The confidential clerk of H. CC. Frick
| yesterday afternoon took the pink slip of
| paper as requested and without glancing at
| it passed out into the further office, where
| he found two women waiting. He presented
the check. It was for $5,000.
'
|
!

The two women had called to get a amall
contribution for a new free bath house
in Pittsburg. The polite refusa! of Mr.
Frick to see them gives rise to the story
now in circulation that since the Chad-
wick affair is being spread so widely through

ithe country the Pittsburg rich mn
have given orders that no women, no mat-
ter on what plea, shall be admitted to their
presence in the inner office. The women
in question are among the ‘best known
dispensers of charity in Pittsburg. They
had called to interest Mr. Frick in a proj-
ect to establish a new free bath house in
a certain mill district of the city. They
| had expected possibly $200.

MRS. CHADWICK PAID UP.

|
|
Threat of Exposure From Franklin, Pa.,
Finally Brought Her te Terms.
FRANKLIN, Pa., Dec. 11.—It was due only to
Mrs. Cassie Chadwick's success in satisfy -
ing the demands of her Franklin creditors
that her sensational financiering was not
exposed months ago. The estate of the
late James D. Chadwick, brother-in-law of
the Cleveland woman, included two notes
amounting to $0,000, signed by Mrs. Chad-
wick. The widow was administratrix of
the estate and did not push the claim against
her relative.
F. W. Echols, vice-president of the Frank-
lin Savings Bank, who was guardian of a
minor son, took hold of the matter, how-
ever, and used methods that brought Mrs.
Chadwick to terms. Promise after promise
failing to be made good, Mr. Echols wrote
to the referee in bankruptcy in Cleveland
and took preliminary steps to have the
woman declared an involuntary bankrupt.
| Mrs. Chadwick learned of this and in the
| first mail sent a check for $2,000. This was
| followed by further broken promises which
compelled Mr. Echols once more to threaten
proceedings. The result was the same;
sacthe? check for $2,000. The second and
yment was madein September.
ur action was no bluff,” said Mr.
Echols to-night. “We would have ex-
posed the woman had she not satisfied us
by making the payments promptly.”
Mr. Echols further says that on Nov. 10
he had a telephone message from Dr. Chad-
wick, who was then in Cleveland. This
tends to confirm the belief prevalent among
; Dr. Chadwick's friends here that he is not
| outside of the United States now. A close
friend of the Franklin Chadwicks says
that the doctor was in Cleveland on Thanks

giving Day.

last

 

in Dodge
| keaets Weeale Ha wh ott as | Few 4 raf yovand' perhaps as

etrvice. No cacene

Ls es

3

 

 

 

THE PHILADELPHIA IN DANGER |
Got Inte Line of Fire ofa & British Gunboa

 

at Practice.
rari oe Cable Despatch to THER Sux.
Lonpon, Rec. 12.—Capt. Mills of the

American Line steamer Philadelphia, whiop
arrived at Plymouth to-day, has strongly
protested against the manner of firing em-
ployed by a practice gunboat as the Phil-
adelphia was approaching Plymouth Sound,
which he characterized ae distinctly dan-
gerous.

He complained that the firing was con-
tinued after a patrol launch had apprised
the gunboat of the Philadelphia’ 68 ap-
proach,

The latter was steaming nineteen or
twenty knots. When she was near Penlee
oint she found the water ploughed with
shots.

The Philadelphia was stopped and then
went full speed astern, whistling twice.
Fer more shots were fired as the liner
began to advance again. The steamer
backed again. Then the firing ceased and
Was not resumed until she was east of the
tergeta,

BRIBEDTREIRWAYOUT OF RUSSIA

Secretary Metcalf Hears Stories ef Fue
Gltives From Military Service.

Secretary Metoalf of the Department of
Commerce and Labor again visited Ellis
Island yesterday and saw more than 56,000
immigrants expeditiously but carefully
examined and a very large proportion of
them permitted to land. In the lot were
1,200 men, mostly under 40 years of age,
who had fled from Russia to evade military
duty. They are nearly all Russian Jews,
and most of them brought money. Others
with little or no money hac friends here
waiting to receive and careforthem. They
told stories similar to that huncreds of other
Russian refugee immigrants have told in
the last few months. They managed to
reach the frontier of Germany, and by
bribery of Russian officers were permitted
to cross in droves. Some were accompanied
by their families. but most of them came
alone. A Jarge number who are married
left their families in Russia and will send
for them when they get the money to pay
their passage.

GILBERT MILLER A MARINE.

Son of the Actor in the Navy—Father Ob-
jecte te a Stage Career.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 11.—Gilbert Miller,
son of Henry Miller,the wel! known actor,
is wearing the uniform of a private in the
Marine Corps on the cruiser Denver, at
League Island. The young man’s present
position is the result of a dispute between
him and his father. Gilbert, who was
educated abroad, is past his majority.
He is a skilled linguist and was anxious to
follow in his father’s footsteps, but the
comedian was opposed. He secured an
engagement with Amelia Bingham, and
although he had but a smal) part, he did
well. Nevertheless his father refused to
withdraw his opposition.

“All right, I'll give it up and be a sailor,”
gaid young Miller. One day. he.
to the recruiting office in New York and
joined the Marine Corps. That was eight
raonths ego. Since then father and son
have teen reconciled and the actor has
severa) times visited Lis con at League
Yeland. Young Miller is ambitious and will
take an examination for pror.otion next

month.
CONVICT'S CHURCH BANNER.

Madonna Representation by a Prisoner Un-
vefied in a Philadelphia Charch.

PHILADELPAIA, Dec. 11.—A_ banner
wrought in gold and silver bullion, repre-
senting the Madonna, the product of a
convict in the Eastern Penitentiary, was
unveiled to-night at the Church of the
Gesu, Eighteenth and 4itiels streets. The
Rev. Michael Noel of the Church of the
Gesu, is chaplain of the Eastern Penitentiary,
and several months ago he notioed that one
of the prisoners was weaving a design in
fabric upon gold and silver bullion.

Father Noel learned that the man
designated by the prison officials as No.
2312, block 9, was Joseph W. Grawal, serv-
ing a term for embezzlement. Father
Noel asked Grawal if he would make a
banner for the church and the latter as-
sented. For sixteen hours a day Grawal
worked unceasingly for sixty days to com-
plete the banner.

The prison officials encouraged him in his
work and even installed a special electric
illumination in his cell. Last Friday the
banner was taken to the church. Nothing
was said to the members of the church
conearning the identity of the artist. The
banner measures 6 feet 4 inches. Ten
pounds of solid gold were used. Its value
is estimated at $2,000.

HUSTLE IN A DIVORCE SUIT.

Mrs. Gerlach Quarreis With Her Husband
—An Hour Later Case Is in Court.

Sawn Francisco, Dec. 11.—One hour after
a quarrel with her husband Mr. Alice
Gerlach of San José began ore -
divorce, At 8:10 A. M. she met Dr. F
Gerlach at the breakfast table. Ten ine
utes later they had a violent quarrel and
in ten minutes more Mrs. Gerlach was on
her way to the office of her brother-in-law,
Attorney James. She found Mr. James
ust eevering his office, the two oon-
erred for y ew moments, and at exactly
9:10 o’ clock, one hour after she took her seat
o the breakfast table, Mrs. Gerlach was
a demand for a divorce from her

 

 

 

 

 

 

ling
husband, alleging extreme crusty,
ach is a member of the Board of
Health and has a large wrastion Both he
and hie wife move in the best society, and
their friends were amazed at the news of
the divorce ings. It seems that
his wife had just jearned of her husband's
habit of taking night auto rides with
actresses and her jealousy was aroused.
Her speed in bringing euit has broken
swift California record.

MRS. DODGE'S JEWELS.

Secretary Shaw Talke te the President
About the Case.

WasnHiInutox, Dec.
the Treasury Shaw had a conference with
the President pag in regard to mq

customs case. . Wickham see |
and Edward Umuterbach, counsel for Mra
Phyllis Dodge, whose pearls, valued at
more than $40,000, were seized customs
officers at New York because she failed to
declare them for payment of dut ty acoord-
ing to law, had a hearing at the White House
several days ago.

The hearing was on the question
ing the forf ro - bined
ing Mre.

even (

 

of waiv-
ms and allow-'

possession of
thetn b the me rate of dut
: y paying gal . y: |

haw have
held the matter under advisement since
the hearing.

Nothing was made rae ie
Mr. Shaw's talk with

but it is read thet a

case within #
early as to-

11.—Secretary of |

 

 

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12 oo» 1904.—Copuright, 1906, by The Sun Printing and Publiahing Aesociation.

"| RIOTERS CRY, ‘STOP THE WAR!’

 

STUDENTS CAUSE DISORDER IN |

THE RUSSIAN CAPITAL.

Mounted Police Charge Crowd, Injuring
Man)-—-Large Number of Arreste—
“Down With Autecracy!”’ One of the
Criee—Girl Students in Demonstration.

Special Cable Despatch to Tm SUN.

Si. PETeRssvurG, Dec. 11,—An anti-gov-
ernment demonstration began here at about
1L o'clock this morning, when a large num-
ber of students at the university and other
educational establishments and pupils from
the Women's Medical Institute and girls’
high schools entered the Nevski Prospekt

| by way of the Catherine Canal in a body.
When they reached the Nevski Prospekt
and formed up, a great crowd speedily
gathered.

The demonstrators waved banners and
emblematic devices and distributed sedi-
tious proclamations. Many of the leaders
read the proclamations aloud, concluding
with shouts of “Down with autocracy,”
and “Stop the war.”

Several hundred policemen, mounted and

ov foot, and mounted gendarmes were sta-
tioned on the Nevski Prospekt and ad-
|

joining streets, the greater number of them |

being posted out of sight in the courtyards
of public buildings.

At this stage of the proceedings they
suddenly emerged, the mounted men charg-
ing the crowd at a full gallop. The whole
assemblage was driven out of the roadway
on to the pavement in headlong confusion,
while the crowd screamed in terror. The
mounted men continued their pursuit

on the pavement

There was a sharp encounter between
the police and gendarmes and the mob
of demonstrators, which was supplemented
by 2 conflict between the supporteps of
the demonstration in the crowd and the
section which opposed it.

The pavements on both sides of the spa-
cious Nevski Prospekt and the great More-
koi street were thronged with struggling
masses of people from end to end. The
street car and sleigh traffic was every-
where brought to a standsti!l-to allow the
mounted men a clear field in the snow
covered streete.

The windows overlooking the riot were

filled with eager spectators. All the shops

were closed, partly because it was Sun-
day and partly in accordance with a police
order issued this morning.

A great number of arrests were made.
It is said that some fifty persons sustained
younds and bruises more or less serious.
Many students were seen fleeing with their
hands and faces covered with blood. The
actual demonstration lasted about two
hours, but order was not completely re-
stored for another two hours.

Lonpon, Dec. 12.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Standard says that
all fears of further disturbances ended
after the riot. A high court official ssid:

_ “This ia mothing. The state of the prov-
inces, which the oensorship prevents
the public from knowing, is much Worse.

At Vitebsk lately, the Ninety-fifth, Ninety-

sixth and Ninety-ninth regiments, be-

longing to the Sixteenth Corps, which
were mobilized for the Far East, rebelled
and plundered the town for several days.

“The commandant of the town when he
wae reprimanded from St. Petersburg
committed suicide. At Vyazma the Ninety-
seventh and Ninety-eighth *regimente of
the Twenty-first division, en route to Man-
cburia, aleo revolted and looted.

| “Moreover there is great unrest among
the peasants who have risen in insurrection
in the Governments of Ekaterinosiav,

Kazan and Sarilov, where they are threat-

ening the landed nobility and burning

houses. We at court are very anxious in
regard to the result

“There is a tremendous struggle going
on between the party of Prince Sviatopolk-
Mirsky, Minister of the Interior, and the
Grand Dukes. The Czar is wavering,
fearing equally reform and_ repression.
The uncertainty cannot last long. He
must decide which policy he will adopt.
It is my opinion that Prince Mirsky will
win.

“Grand Duke Sergius, who ia at the head
of the reactionaries, recently presented
to the Czar a report that concluded by
declaring that Prince Mirsky must be dis-
missed or there would be a revolution in
Russia. The Cvar replied that he believed
in Prince Miraky and wanted him to stay.

| “Since then Grand Duke Sergius talks
| of retreat, saying he is unable to prevent
the troubles on account of Prince Miraky's
tolerant policy. It is still possible that
Prinoe Mirsky will be defeated at the last
moment by the desperate efforts of his
adversaries, who besiege the Czar daily.
Things must come to a head soon. There
must be reform or reaction.”

HOSPITAL SHIPS IN DANGER.
In the Line of Japancee Fire From 208
Metre Hill.

Spectal Cable Despatches to THR SUK.

Toxto, Dec. 11.—The battleship Sevasto-
pol, which anchored outside the harbor
at Port Arthur to escape the Japanese
fire from 203 Metre Hill, returns it is
thought, at night, anchoring within the
outer boom for protection against attacks
by torpedo boats. The recent bad weather
has prevented attempts on the part of the
Japanese mosquito flotilla.

The position of the Russian torpedo boat
destroyers is doubtful. It is thought they
are secking shelter outside the harbor.
The weather prevents exact observation,
but the Japanese are directing a searching
fire into, all the necks that are invisible
from 203’ Metre Hill.

Observers on other heights report that
the Russian tugs, launches, dredges and
| other small craft are anchored near the
| hospital ships in the west harbor, evidently
to seoure the protection of the Red Cross

. It is suggested that the besiegers
should warn Gen. Stoessel to separate them
| from the hospital ships or take the conse-

oes. The Japanese are doing their
utmost to avoid hitting the hospital ships,
which are frequently in the direct line of
fire.

Lonpox, Dec. ~A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Tokio says it i is ig et A

=z that Japanese
a

SS SS

the battleshi Refantopol at th at the
y night.
The result is unknown.

uth of Port Arthur
Brittsh Hold Up Steamer With Coal.
Special Cable Despatch to Tre SrxK.
Dec.
Leonards, bound for

 

Ay pi
Mozambique,

with, it wn te allezed, a cargo of coal for the
ras boarded coy cee |

Russian Baltic fleet,

 

1l.—The British steamer

eet ie

MonpaY, DECBMBER 12, 1004.

. Warmer to-day; snow to-night and

 

LEITER ENGAGED.

| parsy

| Sister of Lady Curzon Will Wed the Ear! of
|

|

Suffolk and Berks,
CHicaco, Dec. 11.—The engagement of
| Miss Daisy Leiter, sister of Lady Curzon,
'to the Earl of Suffolk and Berks of
| England was announced to-night by Mrs.
Leiter at their family residence in this city
at 101 Rush street. The date of the wed-
ding has not been decided on as yet.

Miss Daisy Leiter is the youngest daugh-
ter of the late Levi Z. Leiter. and is the third
of the Leiter girls to become engaged to
Englishmen. Mary, the eldest of the girls,
is the wife of Lord Curzon. Nannie, the
second daughter, was married two weeks
ago to Major Colin Campbell.

 

SULTAN SENDS FOR C. R. FLINT.
Sudden Change of Féeling After American
Had Left Constantinople.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

LQNDON. Dec. 12.—The Constantinople
correspondent of the Standard says that
Charles R. Flint, who recently spent forty-

eight hours in Constantinople, interviewed
| the Sultan's First Secretary and offered to
; sell a large portion of the Argentine fleet,
| presumably for transference to Russia.
| The Secretary declined to entertain the

 

| proposal, and Mr. Flint left the next morn-
‘ing on board a Russian steamer for
Smyrna.

Shortly after his departure palace mes-
eengers sought him everywhere. Finally
telegrams were sent to Smyrna offering
substantial pecuniary inducements for him
toreturn. It is believed, however, that the
authorities wish to see him again on busi-
ness not connected with the sale of the
warships.

¥Y. M. C. A. WHISTLES HYMNS
There Will Be No More Singing at Sunday
Afternoon Services.

Syracuse, N. Y., Dec. 11.—“I love to tell
the story,” whistled at the Y. M.C. A. at
Sunday services this afternoon with Chap-
lain Cordello Herrick of Auburn Prison
leading, proved an innovation to the au-
dience as did the whistling of each of the
h¥mns as the numbers were announced
from the platform. Whistling will here-
after be in vogue at the Sunday services
instead of singing. This announcement
was made to-day by Secretary 8. B. Groner,
and was received with interest by the
association workers.

FIREMEN AT HENRY W. POOR'S.

Banker's Chimney Ablaze, but the Family
Pidn’t Know It.

Flames coming from the chimney of
Henry W. Poor's house at 1 Lexington
avenue caught the eye of Policeman Brad-
ley of the East Tyenty-second street sta-
tion early last evening. After turning in
an alarm Bradley aroused the members
of the housebold, who did not know of the
fire. Mra. Poor was entertaining several
guests at the time.-

The blaze was squelched with little dam-
age, although the firemen hed to smasb
the skylight.

TO KEEP DOWN APPROPRIATIONS.

 

 

tAlllson, Cockrell and Cullem Hold e Con-
ference With the President. -

WasnHinaton, Dec. 11.--Secretary Shaw
left for New York on e@ midnight train.
The purpose of his visit to New York was
not disclosed.

Senators Allison, Cockrell and Cullom
had a conference with the President this
evening. It is supposed that they dis-
cussed ways and means of keeping down
the appropriations so as to prevent a larger
| deficit. It was admitted that the Presi-
| dent sent for them and that appropriations
were discussed. All three are members
of the Appropriations Committee and Mr.
| Allison is its chairman.

—_——~

AT CANONIZATION.

SS eeepc A ee

 

POPE ILL

 

Almest Faints at Close of Five Hour Cere-
monics in St. Peter's.
Special Cable Despatch to TaR Sun.

Rome, Dec. 11.—There was a vast gath-
ering of people at St. Peter's to-day to wit-
ness the ceremonies attendant upon the
canonization of Sainte Marella end Sauli.
The event cost $250,000. The ceremonies
lasted five hours. Toward the end the
Pope almost fainted.

 

ROOF

FIRE EMPTIES FLATS.

Firemen Werk From Abeve to Drewn Out
a Lively Biaze.

A peculiar fire whioh started at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning on the roof of the six
story brick apartment house at 100 West
Sixty-first street kept the firemen busy for

inside one out and the sidewalks were a
glare of ice.
colts “-" artes between the roof and the
onto he top floor. A it had
Frote for covers! hours ere t peexe

into flame. Then rere’ peasy creo
tions and the firemen to chop holes in
the roof and tear the oopper cornices to

pieces in order to drown out the blaze.
There are ten families in the house and all

e808) without ows in The Fire Depart-
rca? pace he damage a $3.0
the Sane say oh is much vier.

TO RESUME SMOOT CASE.

Gide of the Protestants Will Be Ciesed
Betere Christmas.

Wasurmotor, Deo. 11.—The Senate Com-

Oe

hearings in the Smoot case. It is proposed
to conclude the hearings on the sideof the
protestants before the Chrietmes adjourn-
ment and to give Mr. Bmoot and his

all the time they want after Jan. 4.

Senator Burrows, chairman of the com-
mittee, is confident that the ttee
will be able to rn gh) wg od a y
of time for a

by that body
March 4 aa to whether Mr. Smoot
retain his neat.

i

&

 

AGAINST LABOR UNIONS.

Stenographers’ Ciub ef Chicage Decides
Not te Countenance Them.

CHicaco, Dec. 11. — Discountenancing
trade unions and union labor, the Stenog- |
raphers Club of Chicago adopted a con-
stitution and by-lawe last night at Handel
Hall. The club is composed of stenog-
raphers “over 18 years of age and with
al least o ear's experience” in that oo-
cupation. rhe purpose was stated to ‘be
the *enco t of reading and literary |
pursuits and general mental! improvernent.”

The article of the constitution referring

to trade unions is as follows:

 

i

Brien eruiosr Fox ded brought hens this | This club ie not to be aseocisted with
afternoon. She was released and will pro- | trade valons or union labor in any cape-
osed this evening.’ city whatever."

ee eee

 

to-morrow.

PRICE TWO CENTS.
WHAT WILL MR, HIGGINS DO?

DEPEW CLAIMS 77 VOTES OUT OF
101; ODELL CLAIMS 86.

 

 

Odell's Adherents Threatening That the
Governor-Elect Will Not Be Renemi+
nated Unless He Goes With Odell—The
Party Getting Stirred Up Over it.

No politicg’ subject is more discussed
in Washington and Albany and in other
active political centres than the probable
outcome of the joint caucus of Republican
Senators and Assemblymen at Albany,
Jan. 17, concerning a successor in the United
States Senate to the Hon. Chauncey M,
Depew. Wherever the English
is spoken Depew's name is known.
has been the intimate friend of Presidente
LinooJn, Grant, Hayes, Garfield, Arthur,
Harrison, McKinley and Roosevelt. He
has known in the closest friendship every
Republican leader of importance in the
country sinoe the organization of the party
in Fremont's time.

He is known in Europe as well as in
America, and the question whether he is
to succeed himself in the United States
Senate is attracting widespread attention.
Whether Senator Depew, in the prime of
life at 71 years of age, is to be set aside,
or whether he is to succeed himself, forms

of those directly interested, but of Repub-
lican laymen and all sorts and conditions of
folks interested in politica) affairs,
Governor-Chairman Odell tells his gd-
herents that he has eighty-six votes pledged
to him of the 101 which are to make up the
joint caucus. Senator Depew's adherents
said yesterday that he had 77 votes pledged
to him of the aforesaid 101 votes. Tt. will

elect, provided, of course, that all the
Republican Senators and Assemblymen
participate in the caucus.

As each day passe; the attitude of Gor-
ernor-elect Frank Wayland Higgins is more
and more discussed. What attitude is
Higgins to take? Wili he take any ettitude
at all? These are two of the queations
heard on every side in Washington, Albany
and New York. If Mr. Higgins, itis argued,
favors the return of Senator Depew, prob-
ably nothing can stop Senator Depew’a
reelection. Should Mr. Higgins favor ex-
Gov. Frank 8S. Black, the Troy statesman,
would without doubt be triumphant. It
was learned yesterday, though, that Mr.
Higgins is very much averse to taking sides
in the controversy and that he will not do
so until the last moment and until he is
forced to do so.

Some of Governor-elect Higgins's friends
were in town last night, and they told how
Mr. Higgins immediately after election
day spoke up very favorably for Senator
Depew and expressed the belief that har-
mony of the Republican party in the State
would be conserved, especially two years
hence, if Senator Depew is sent back to
Washington for another six years. Then

Chairman Odell, and after that- visit Mr.
Higgins adopted the policy that he wouldit't
meddle in the United States Senatorsbip.
Thin aroused unfriendly comment on’ the
part of Governor-Chairman Odell and Mr.
Odell's adherents, like Louis F .Payn,
sentative Lucius N. Littauer and °

C. Warren of Erie county.

Then came the visits of N. N. V, Fran-
chot of Olean, Mr. Higgins's persoga)
friend, to many Republicans in Washing-
ton, New York city, and Albany and eles-
where, and Republicans at the Holland
House last night. who had talked with
Mr. Franchot, said that Mr. Higgins’s friend
did not believe that Mr. Higgins should
come out in the open in favor of Senator
Depew, for the reason that they feared
Governor-Chairman QOdell’s wrath should
Mr. Higgins come up for renomination for
Governor in 1906. :

These Republican friends of Mr. Higgins
recalled Jast night how Black as Governor
offended the Republican State organiza-
tion as represented at the time, 1898, by
Senator Thomas C. Platt, and how Mr.
Black refused Mr. Platt's offer of a seat in
the United States Senate and went on to
Saratoga and put up a futile fight for a re-
nomination ax Governor.

That Mr. Platt offered to make Mr. Black
United States Senator at the time is the
testimony of some of the most eminent
Republicans in the State who acted as mia-
sionaries of peace between Mr. Platt and
Mr. Black. Mr. Platt believed that Mr.
Black could not be reelected Governor.
He believed that the only Republican who
could win that year was Theodore Rooee-
velt. Mr. Black's friends, chief among
them Mr. Payn, thought otherwise. The
result was Mr. Black’s defeat for renomi-
nation.

i In recalling this episode last night, Mr.
an hour and a half, at the end of which time | Higgins's friends said that they did not
the whole building was pretty well soaked | believe that he should needlessly offend

the Republican State organization as domi-
nated by Governor-Chairman Odell. They

| popular that Senator Depew was the

popular candidate of the rank and file of
the party for the Senatorship and that 09
per cent. of the Republican newspapers
of the Btate advocated strenuously end
persistently his reelection. But Mr. Hig-
gins’s friends also recalled that Governor-
Chairman Odell is head of the organira-
tion of the State and brought about Mr.
Higgins’s nomination for Governor at
Saratoga in September.

They also recalled that Governor-Chair-
man Odell in his control of the State organ-
ization has at his back such men as Mr.
Payn, Mr. Littauer and Mr. Warren, and
has the New York Republican county or-
ganization, and it was said parentheticaliy
that Tim Woodruff'’s Brooklyn organiza-
tion is wabbling, fearing the displeasure
of Governor-Chairman Odell. And then
it was added that one of the closest ad-
visers in the State of Governor-Elect Hig-
gins is Francis Hendricks of Syracuse,
Superintendent of Insurance. Mr. Hen-
dricka is a great Odell man. He is aleo «
great Higgins man.
| Mr. Hendricks and Mr. Higgins were in
| the Senate together, and they are the

warmest kind of political and personal’

friends. Mr. Hendricks recognizes Gov-

ernor-Chairman Odell as the head of the
| Republican organization in the State, in
| every county in the State, just as he recog-
| nized Senator Platt as the grand mogul
of the Republican organization in the State
until Odell supplanted Platt.

What will Mr. Hendricks advise Mr. Hig-
| gins to do in the matter of Depew or Black?

This was a question asked by very many
| Republicans last night.

Collector Nevada N. Strenahan, Gab-

 

ef the Gusto comailies, Gad Ge ‘anlle

the topic of political conversations, not only —

require only 71 votes in the joint caucus to |

came the visit of Mr. Higgins to Governér-

4
*
.
9
t