e y . ; tj Uy 4 : Ma 3 . 7 7 ; . F Mor P DA | 7, Ine 10, 1907. * . 4
J a «| - Feir to'day; showers to-morrow; northerly ‘g
¢ hae ake , winds, becoming easterly. a

++NEW YORK. MONDAY.

 

 

 

   

 

JUNE 10, 1907 .— Copvrion:. 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association. j PRICE TWO CENTS. "

VOL, LXXIV.—NO, 283, .

rock, announced at Luna Park late last | JACK LONDON HITS BACK. CABRERA ASSASSINATED?

 

YACHT RACERS AT BERMUDA

(OMMODORE MORSS'S
DERVISH FIRST IN

 

SCHOONER
PORT.

 

Hyperion Second, but She Is Beaten by Lite
—Remarkable Time Made by the Lit-
Ue Racers—Strong Winds Most ef the
Way—Rousing Welcome to Yachtsmen.

Special Came Despatch to Tux faw

HamiLTon, Bermuda, June 9.—Commo-
dore H. 4. Mores’s schooner yacht Dervish
was the first of the yacht racers from New
York toarrive bere. She crossed the finish-
ing line off St. David's Head at 6:25 o'clock
this morning, having made the passage
from Gravesend Bay, where the race was
s'arted, in 8 days, 18 hours and 25 minutes.

The Hyperion, Kear Commodore Frank
Maier'’é new yawl, finished at 2:51 o'clock
this afternoon, Her passage was even
more remarkable than that of the Dervish.
she made the journey in 4 days, 4 hours
and 16 minutes, She is only 40 feet long,
while the Dervish is 83 feet in length, and
sceording to the system of time allowance
ised in the race the Dervish would have had
to allow 25 hours and 30 minutes to the
Hyperion if they had been sailing in the
same class

The Hyperion had hardly arrived in the
tarbor when the yawl Lila, owned by R. D.
tioyd, was sighted, She finished at 6:25
«clock, baving made the voyage in 4 days
7 hours and 50 minutes. She gets an allow-
ence of 6 hours and 45 minutes from the
Hyperion, so she beats that yacht by 3
hours and 11 minutes. The Lila probably
«ins the prize in the second division.

The Lila is only 40 feet long on deck.
Her log shows that from Sandy Hook to the
Noicsh she sailed 629 miles, which shows how
well she was navigated. For this part of
the voyage she averaged more than six
nautical miles an hour. She is manned

entirely by amateurs, which makes her |

) erformance even more creditable.

It is probable that the Dervish wins the |

cup given by Rear Commodore Frank Maier
of the New Rochelle Yacht Club, but being
the largest yagbt in the fleet of racers with
the exception of the Priscilla she has to
‘low time to all the others and the most
ellowance is twenty-four hours to the little
schooner Mist, which is only 52 feet ‘long
on deck, so Commodore Morse and his
i‘riends will be uneasy until 6:25 o'clock
to-morrow morning, when he will know the
result of his work.

The Dervish crossed the starting line in
Gravesend Bay at 10:86:05 on Wednesday,
the etarting gun having sounded at 10:85.
The Hyperion, with Commodore Frank
Maier at the wheel, led the fleet and the
Dervish was the second boat. She stood
over to the southwest spit and then tacked
and passed out by the Hook at noon well
n the lead The Shamrock at that time
was doing well and before sundown was in
second place but some three miles to lee-
ward of the Dervish The wind was from
the southeast and it-held from that quarter
all night °

Commodore Mors-~ acted as his own navi- |

gator and as the wind was ahead he did
someé fine plotting and by noon on Thurs-
day had Jeft Sandy Hook 162 miles behind.
The yacht by that time bad a quartering
wind and was travelling fast. She struck
the Gulf Strearn on Thursday afternoon at
215 o'clock, Commodore Morss electing to
take it where it came in his voyage and
not keeping down until off Cap Hatteras
to croas. The wind held steadily and on
Friday shifted to northwest. still being
favorable, and for a while the Dervish car-
lied a equaresail. In the
hours ending Friday at noon the yacht

twenty-four |

night that he had heard from the Sham-
rook, He said the yacht had three sails
blown out, sprung her mainmast, the pumps
would not work and she reached Bermuda
with a foot of water in her hold. He said
she arrived there at 4 o'’clook yesterday
morning off the island and finished later
| second to the Dervish.
{| Commodore Maier offered a $1,000 cup
| for a race for this year, and the conditions
; were changed, allowing boats between 50
} and 9 feet to compete, Eleven entered
in this class and nine started. The Dervish,
the first yacht to arrive, is owned by Com-
modore H. A. Moras of the Corinthian
Yacht Club of Marblehead. She was built
last vear from designs by Clinton H. Crane
by Lawley at Boston. She is 85 feet over
all, 56 feet om the water line, 18 feet beam
and 10 feet 6 inches draught.
Morss acted as his own skipper and navi-
| gator. His guests were Vice-Commodore
| Harry H. Walker of the Corinthian Club,
|S N. Braman and Merrill Hunt, members
| of the same club She carried a crew of
seven
The three clubs managing the race, the
Brooklyn, New Rochelle and Royal Ber-
muda Yacht clubs, subscribed for a cup
for vachts under 50 feet long on deck, and
for tlie trophy three yachts started. The
Hyperion, the first to finish, was buile this
spring by Huntington for Rear Commodore
Frank Maier, who had gold the Tamerlane.
She is 48 feet 9 inches over all. 87 feet on
the water line, 14 feet beamand 7 feet draft.
Frank Maier acted as captain, Warrea
Sheppard was navigator and the others
on board were Robert Bavier, Percy Cook,
Harry G. Lane and a professional cook.
The Lila was designed by Small Bros.
and built by Reed & Anthony at Boothbay,
| Me., for R. D. Floyd. She is 40 feet over
all, 30 feet on the waterline, 13 feet beam
and 5 feet 4 inches draft. Mr. Floyd had
only amateurs on board. Before starting
| he said these races were started for amateurs
| and he wanted to win with amateurs if
j; possible He had with him Robert A. Shaler,
| George Cottrell, Clinton Gilbert, Dr H.
| Morton Pierson and Robert Howett

JAIL AGAIN,

| Ball tn His Wife's Proceedings Cut From
810,000 to 85,000.

| Louis G. Meyer, the asphalt contractor

of 156 Fifth avenue, who was locked up in

the Ludlow street jail Saturday at the in-

stance of his wife on an order signed by

 

 

| MEYER OUT OF

 

| Mrs. Meyer at the time of her husband's
j arrest said that she was afraid that he was
going to leave town. Arthur Conway of
13¢ Kast Forty-fifth street furnished the
| bail, which had been reduced by Justice
| Truax from $10,600 to $5,000. Conway gave
his house at 139 Kast Forty-fifth atreeet,
valued at $30,000, as security
| Meyer seemed to be feeble when he left
the jail shortly before 11 o'clock and hed
to be supported by Sheriff Hayes and
Thomas O’Callaban, his lawyer. He re-
fused to say anything. He took a subway
train for the home of his brother, Albert
Meyer, uptown.

When asked if Meyer was going to the
home of his wife O’Caliahan said:

“No, but he would if she had a home of
her oe There is no trouble between
Mr. Meyer and his wife. The row is caused
by the stepson, who butted in.”

Asked if Mr Meyer was going to fight
the divorce proceeding the lawyer replied.

“You bet” Mra. Meyer accuses her
husband of too much devotion
Harkness, with whom he recently par-
ticipated in an atutomobiie smashup in
which both were hurt

Mrs. Meyer said yesterday. “Whdn Louis
was first arrested I was weak little goose
enough to go telephoning around to see if
1 couldn't get bail for him myself. But 1
thought better of it. Now 1 am going to

 

 

MAN KILLED IN AUTO WRECK |

 

Commodore |

Justice Truax, was bailed out last night

to Mra. |

 

Pree HITS A VICTORIA ON
| OCEAN PARKWAY AT 3 A. M.

Rotit Vehicles Wrecked and All the Gecu-
pants Injured—Themas Heffner, Whe
Was Killed. Was a Well Known Horseman
Chauffeur Cherged With Homicide.

driven at top speed

An automobi'e
toward the city crashed into the rear of a
victoria on Ocean Parkway near Avenue
L. Brooklyn, about 8 o'clock yesterday
morning, demolishing both vehicles and
| evilling the occupante over half a block,
injuring all of them and causing the death
lof Thomas Heffner, a well known horee-
man, who lived in Voorliees avenue near
East Twenty-third street.
The auto, a $0,000 machine, belonged to

F. L. Cranford, an asphalt manufacturer
of 479 Clinton avenue, Brooklyn.
chauffeur, William Le May. 22 yeare old,
| bad taken it. out from Mr. Cranford's sum-
mer home at Sheepshead Bay without his
knowledge Le May is in the hospital
with many bruises. The police bave ar-
! rested him on a charge of homicide.
| Le May went to Coney Island in the auto
late Saturday night and picked up six men,
all of whom were injured in the wreck.
They were Heffner, who diet two hours later
in the Kings County Hospital, hie skull hav-
ing been fractured; William Anderson, 27
years old, of East Twenty-third street and
|} Emmons avenue; William
| cmmons avenue and Shore road; James
| Sweeney, 28, and Frank Short, 27, both na-
tives of Saratoga, but now betting commis-
sioners living at 1626 Voorhees avenue, and
Williarn Beatty, 24, of 430 Vanderbilt avenue.
They were speeding along the Parkway
and were bearing down on the victoria
when one of the party saw the carriage
and warned Le May. It was too late.
In trying to escape the inevitable he turned
sharply to the left and the sudden slowing
of the wheels, with the application of the
emergency brakes. caused the heavy
machine to roll side on. The victoria was
tossed to one side and the shattered hodies
of both vehicles—all that was not strewn
j along the Parkway—lay at right angles
| with the thoroughfare and in a line where

 

|

 

the two came to a stop

H. P. Drinkwater, a mining engineer,
who lives at the Hotel Breslin; Roy Reader,
jan engineer connected with the Rapid

Transit Commission and two women were in
the carriage. and the women’s screams
and the crash could be heard for several
blocks It was not long before several
policemen of the Parkville precinct were
on the scene. but before they got there
another auto came up and took the
injured automobilists to the Kings County
Hospital], with the exception of Sweeney
and Short The police took these two with
the two men and two women who had been
in the carriage to the police station.

The men and women of the carriage re-
fused to tell who they were until one of
the party was threatened with arrest on
a charge of intoxication, the police say.

of the desk a card on which was printed
“Herbert P. Drinkwater, Hotel
New York.”

Mr Drinkwater refused to say more to
| the police, who dismissed the four. At the
| Bresiin last night Mr. Drinkwater said that
| Mr. Reader's home wae in Bloomfield, N. J.,
| but he was temporarily at the Hotel Breslin,

having suffered a badly bruised hip and
| other bodily contusions. He was under the
care of a physician at the hotel.

“The two young women who were with
us," said Mr. Drinkwater, “are of eminently

 

His*

Boyle, Jr., 21, of |

He then hended to the lieutenant in charge .

Bresiln, ;

Points Out That the President Got the Story
He Criticlsed Twisted,

Howouvuy, June 1.—Jack London, who

is now sojourning at Pearl Harbor on board

his yacht, the Snark, had President Roose.
| velt's strictures on him as a nature faker
| shown to him.

“So 1 am a nature faker?” said London.
“Well, thank God I am not an authority
on anything. I have knocked around the
world enough to know that one man can-
not see it all and because I never saw any
particular thing that is no reason why it
may not have happened.

“I must admit that I have not hunted
wolves the way the President has, but 1
would like to match a bulldog against a
wolf and bet him on the fight. J think the
President would lose. 1 have seen some
| mighty big dogs, too.

“The President may know all about the
wolves of Colorado, but I don't believe he
knows enough about wolves and huskies
or wolfdogs of the North. These buskies
are the litters of imported dogs bred to
wolves and are fierce and savage in their
nature. In actual fight one husky never
| kills another and a stout bulldog is in my

opinion more than a match for any wolfdog.

“In my return from Alaska I brought
out one of these wolfdogs and it was my
| Constant fear that the animal would be

killed by one of the various bulltiogs that
were kept by neigitbors near my home,

“The President is evidently a careless
reader of my stories. He has rushed into
this criticism all twisted around, Look
here: he says the lynx in my story killed
the dogwolf. That certainly does not tend
| to show that he is as careful an observer
| as the magazine article seeks to indicate.
i My story was about the dogwolf killing the
lynx and eating the body.”

 

 

MMs. HAU'S LAST LETTER.

 

Grief for Her Husband Caused Suicide —His
Suppesed Admisstons.
Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Zoricn, June 9.—Mrs. Lipa Hau, wife of
Prof. Karl Hau of Washington, who is in
jail at Karlsruhe, Germany, charged with
the murder of his mother-in-law, wrote
the following letter before she committed
suicide by drowning on Thursday in a
lake near Pfaeffikon, Switzerland:

“My name is Lina Hau, née Melitor. I
come from Treves. ,I am 31 years old. I
have a house in Baden-Baden. It is utterly
impossible for me to bear any longer the
grief I feel for my husband, now so far
rernoved from me. Therefore I have
decided to leave the world, hard though
it is to go when I think of my darling child.*

A large amount of money was found in
Mrs. Hau's pocket.

BERLIN, June 9.—Although the report
that Prof. Hau had confessed that he had
killed his mother-in-law is officially denied,
it is believed that when his wife last visited
him he made admissions which convinoed
her that he had murdered ber mother

AT KAISERIN'S DOCK.

 

 

 

DELAY

She Docket! Before tie Customs Inspectors
Had Get to Work for the Day.

The Hamburg-American liner Kaiserin
Auguste Victoria, which arrived in Quar-

antine on Saturday night too late to come
| up to her pier, stole a march on a force of
i deputy collectors who were sent down
'
'
|
!

 

er ng eae aS

the bay to take-the declarations of pas-
sengers on the way up She steamed to
her pier about 5 o'clock, an hour and a
half before the revenue cutter got under
way. The result was that the cutter went
to Hoboken and put the men aboard the
liner there. :

It was after 9 o'clock before the declara-
tions were all taken and there was some
grumbling and confusion on the pier and

(MORE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS

‘SEEKING TO GET CITY HALL AND
TAMMANY HALL TOGETHER.

 

 

| Interveners Said to Be impartial Men Whe
{ Want a United Democracy Here—Tim
| Suttivan Coming Home by Request
| —Murphy Not ef a Retiring Turn.

 

| The effort to bring about peace between

( the Tammany organization and the McClel-

lan administration has not been given up.
On the contrary, according to information
circulated last night, negotiations to bring
such a thing about, if possible, are to be
resumed t.tis week, with certain neutral
elements in the situation taking the lead.
These negotiations are the result of the
attempt of Corporation Counsel Ellison to
bring about euch a thing a month ago.
It is not likely that Mr. Ellison will play any
part in the movement that is on foot. Mor-
gan J. O'Brien figures in it.
Big Tim Sullivan, who is in Hot Springs,
has been urgently requested to come back
here at once to leud a hand and has sent
word that he will be here on Wednesday or
Thursday. Big Tim has been at Hot Springs
for two weeks and waa to have remained
there until June 18. According to one per-
son, who professed to be aware of what is
going on, Mr. O’Brien, Bourke Cockran,
Lewis Nixon and a Supreme Court Justice,
whose name ie withheld, are to take part
in a conference with Big Tim when he gets
here and talk over the situation with him.
| It was with Big Tim that Mr. Ellison ne-

gotthted before. According to report, Big
| Tim was disappointed at the way the matter
got out at the time. Mr. O’Brien is said to
be friendly to both sides in the matter.

According to the information obtainable
last night the resumption of peace negotia-
tions has the support of not a few of the
leaders, In fact, the statement was made
that with the Sullivan leaders there would
be as mapy as nineteen who would favor
any plan thkt Big Tim and Mr. O'Brien
might approve of. Big Tim has eight of
these. James J. Hagan of the Fifteenth
is another leader in favor of peace, and
with him are five other West Side leaders.

Mr. Hagan said last night that he was for
peace. He had William J. Bryan at his
club on Thursday, and Mr. Bryan ventured
there the opinion that the Democracy was
united.

“I have only one ambition just at present,”
Mr. Hagan said last night when asked if
he aspired to the Tammany leadership.
“That is (o see peace brought about between
the Tammany organization and the admin-
istration, It is also true that there are five
other leaders here on the West Side who feel
as I doin this matter. Beyond that I do not
care to go at the present time.”

Other district leaders who would be
likely to support any move for peace would
undoubtedly be Commissioners Lantry and
Coggey and Teaders Williams and Habn.

The feeling among most of the leaders
| who are in favor of peace is not one of
| hostility to Mr. Murphy, it was explained,
| but at the same time they are not altogether
| in favor of standing at empty troughs just
| for the latter's sake. What some of them
i are hoping, it is said, is that a way can be

found as a result of the negotiations by
| which Mr. Murphy can continue as leader
! for a short time until he can retire grace-
| fully. Among the Tammany men the feel-

ing is general that the recount. bill is no
| longer a factor ih the situation. Some of

them are pretty sure that it means a long
| fight in the courts in any event. Feeling
| thus, they are not at all indispo.s1 to help
along peace ucgdtiations.

 

WHAT IS ORCHARD'S MOTIVE?

Mexteo City Hears the Preside nt of Guatte
mala Has Been Hilied.

Mexico Crry, June 9.—A private despatch
from Guatemala City says that President
Cabrera of Guatemala was assassinated.

No official despatches have come to
confirm this, but the junta of Central
American republics took the report as
true and rejoiced. Sefior Gomez, the
confidential agent here of President Ze-
laya of Nicaragua, saki he believed that
Cabrera had been killed.

It is known that a determined band of
plotters against the life of Cabrera has
been working for several months to bring
about his death.

The Mexican Government notified the
Guatemalan Minister yesterday that three
Guatemalan spies have been arrested at
Tapachula. They were seeking informa-
tion as to the Mexican troops collected on
the border. One of them was a Lieutenant-
Colonel in the Guatemalan army.

A trainload of sappers, a number of

ambulance corps men and eleven ambu-
lances left to-day for Guadalajara. It is
said unofficially that these troops will later
be transported to a west coast port and
from there go by sea to Salina Cruz. Later
they will be transferred to the’Guatemalan
frontier.
| Offers from Governors of the various
States to furnish national guardsmen in
case of ROOD HOS continue to pour into the
Federal authorities. Guerrero was the
latest State to offer men.

SECY ROOT TO VISIT MEXICO.

Accepts an Invitation Extended in an Aute-
graph Letter by President Diaz.

WasHincton, June ®.—Sefior Enrique
Creel, the Ambassador of Mexico in Wash-
ington, called on Secretary Root this after-
noon and handed to him personally
autograph letter from President Diaz in-
viting Mr. Root to visit Mexico at his con-
venience. Mr. Root informed the Am-
bassador that he would accept the invita-
tion.

In explanation of his forthcoming visit
Mr. Root said that it had no special signifi-
cance, but was in line with his visits to
South American republics and Canada,
which were intended to cultivate more
friendly relations between those countries
and the United States. It is Mr. Root’s
intention to go to Mexico in the latter part
of the summer.

PASTOR'S WIFE IN HIS PULPIT.

Mrs. Hunt Preaches in White Froek and
Black and White Picture Hat.

PHILADELPHIA, June 9.—With a picture
hat poised above a coiffure of the“latest
mode, Mrs. J. J. Hunt officiated to-day in
the pulpit of the Bethany M. E. Church in
the absence of her husband, who is the regu-
lar pastor.

Mr. Hunt. had been invited to deliver the
children’s day sermon at a neighboring
church and suggested that Mra Hunt
occupy his pulpit.

Except that her face was a bit flushed
Mrs. Hunt was entirely self-possessed.
She wore a white costume and a large
black hat with a huge white feather

The sermon was for children, it being
children’s day, though the young woman
called the attention of parents to advice
that applied with equaf force to them

 

 

 

 

77 EXCISE ARRESTS.
‘Thirty of Them Made tn Brooklyn, Thirty«
} seven in Manhattan and Bronx.

The police became unusually active in
| Brooklyn yesterday in excise arrests. Up
‘to midnight there had been seventy-seven

 

 

NO DOUBT THAT HE EXPECTS TO
PAY PENALTY OF ORIMES,
Gains Nething by Tale eof Murder Except
Assurance That He Won't Bo Hanged
Tin After Hayweed, Moyer and Petti-
bene Cases Have Gens Through @eerts.

Borss, June Y.—There came a pase
to-day in*the week's occupation—a sum
cease of tales of blood and orime and
treachery that stagger belief-—-an oppor-
tunity to sit down and try to correlate end
estimate the weight of Harry Orcherd’s
amazing story and its probable effect on
the jury that has the life of William D.
Haywood and the Western Federation of
Miners in ite keeping. » a

No better notion of the effect. produced
upon this community by the evidéase
given by Orchard in the course of the last

 

say that to-day the question that everybody
is asking is not “When are they going to
convict Haywood?” but “What manner of
man can this Orchard be?"

of Haywood and his dodefendants in the
deeds of Harry Orchard, whether they
planned them and made Gronard thelr
tool in their execution, there is nothing
but unanimity in the belief that Orchard
did the things as he has sworn that he did,
| and nobody can make thé mah out. .

There are several theories. One is that

Sp
EE

Orchard is trying to save himeelf. Thisis
the notion advanced by those who eymipa-
thize with the defence. The proséoution
and Orchard himself deny absolutely that

there has been any promise of immunity,
and at Jeast one of the counsel for the State
has stated that if he can accomplish tt
Harry Orchard will assuredly ewing for the
murder of ex-Gov. Steunenberg.

Tt is equally true that public sentiment
would forbid any attempt to epare his life
But that his testimony gives Harry Orehard

His testimony implicates too many people
to admit of his being hanged out of hand .

Should Haywood and Moyer and Petti.
bone be convicted their cases will be foughs
to @ finish with every resource known to
lawyers. When their cases are finally dis.
posed of one way or the other there are
others still to deal with. It is within the
bounds of probability that Orchard's con-
feasion has prolonged his life five or @ix
years. Is that his real motive’

A second theory is that the man is dead te
all moral sense and that he feels in hi?
criminal achievements a satanic pride
that he glories in his evidence and wants
go down into history as the worst homicide
Monster on record

ner on the witness stand. There is mo
posing, no accent of pride in the man's
gentle, throaty voice He tells his terribla
story in the most matter of fact mannér.
He displays neither exultation nor shams.
The only suspicion of emotion was mani-
fested when he came to tell of how hs
brought about Steunenberg’s death Ther:
was a twitching of the throat muscles then
and his voice sank somewhat lower. but
that was all

He was eo far from breaking down that
when he had finished the story of Steunes-
berg's death and the court room was shud
dering with quiet horror and the lawyers
whispered a moment before going cn
Orchard spoke up to correct a trifting detail
of his story.

“Excuse me,” said this polite murderer,
I taid I

oe SSS aS

inade 238 miles, which shows how she was | get away from New York somewhere as ; en i s ; nes ;

; ' ‘ od | ae the ship. There is no rule against a ship One of Mr. Murphy's friends reiterated Ot :

‘ravelling. In the next twenty-four hours | soon ak I can. Louis is sure to come to | respectable families in Brooklyn and there Zemin up to her pier after pea 1s niieed Talat anEas aaceicas that Mr. Murphy j arrests for liquor violations in all boroughs. | care oe rors tate ate t

ae 6 at noon on Faturday eh er deg bag and pee ang tae ae to be where U Ni hd need whatever to drag thelr names by the health officer, but usualty the Ham- | would not retire now or at any time in the ) There were thirty-seven in Manhattan and | wagn't arrcated intl Monday.”

eee aD ONE ee Meats Aa ce | een ea ee DAR Spout releneteng. | aan pha Rickie een: ae | burg boats wait until the customs men | inimediate future as the price of peace. | The Bronx, which is about normal. Queens The third theory, and the one that will be
to H i ‘Bednidae * the wi * ald | WURDER AND RAPINE IN RUSSIA. | tae ¥e e . at Private | joard them. It may be that the Kaiserin's | The saine friend said that if it hadn't been | saw nine of her saloonkeepers taken in. | maintained by the State, is that Orchard’s

nto Hamilton on Sunday if the wind held. case eee * | residence on the boulevard. | captain expected to pick up the deputy | for the unfortunate publicity the negotia- | The Borough of Brooklyn had thirty ar- | motive in making @ clean breast of hie lifs

the Dervish was towed into Hamilton

IBS Persons Killed or Wounded Last Woek

“Another carriage was summoned for us
and in this I took the two young ladies home

' collectors on the way to dock.

tions begun in April would have had some

' rests, something unusual for that terri-
' tory, where for many months the average

-s religious. Talking with Tur Sun corre-

!arbor and hundreds of craft of all sizes Work of Terrerist Bands nin . : ;
a cihes . : F vee speeds ; py Gen. William Franklin Draper, once } positive result by now in the Stat tenti
" i out inca = re and Special Cable Despatch to THE ScN and brought Mr. Reader to his hotel. While | 4 hassador to Italy, who was seen mpanied : —— has been ten or twelve a aa Red ise e Fe aaa

shores were lined w en and women, [DON , -T s . the y women were not injured tl : y : ; ne ap ared urt, . har
LONDON, June 10,—The St. Petersburg e young wome re j 1€ | by his wife and daughter, Margaret Preston MRS. YERKES'S AUTO NABBED Just what the cause of this was could not explained his devotion to the reading of

\ho cheered incessantly as the yacht was
‘aken to moorings off the Royal Bermuda
Yacht Club

Ihe Dervish had hardly been safely
tnoored in the harbor when the lighthouse
signalled that another yacht, a small yawl,

‘ommodore Maier who won the Lipton

correspondent of the Telegreph says that the
internal condition of Russia ig growing
more serious, Murder is common, pillage
has become a means of livelihood, and in-
cendiarism is but an expression of the
peasant’s dissatisfaction with tho land-

seventy-eight wounded, Prince Urussoff,

shock told on them and they are under the
care of a physician.”

At firet it was believed that Sweeney
was seriously injured. In fact his escape
from death had been miraculous. He
had been pinned under the heavy over-

man's chief trouble, according to Surgeon

Draper. was one of the lucky passengers. He
made his declaration ina hurry and had his
and his family's forty-two trunks brought
out on the pier and arranged in a long row,
a few inches apart, so that the inspectors
could get at them readily. He was one of

And Her Chauffeur Arrested for Speeding,
Which She Bocsn't Belleve tn.

Mrs. Mary Adelaide Yerkes, who recently
got a divorce from Wilson Mizner of Ban

 

|

(in her automobile with two other women

| be ascertained and the Brooklyn saloon-
keepers were considerably disturbed. A
general closing up followed the news that
‘the police were keeping an eye on the
. saloons

COLER BULLETIN BOARD,

ecclesiastical history thus: “It’s like a
man who has done wicked things all his life
who turns around and does other things
He can't undo ali the evil he has dons, but
| he can dothe beat he oan toclear things up.”

As he said it his little cloudy blue eyes

life and has made up his mind to pay his

had been sighted. i , = : ; . :
a een sighted and excitement was at | owners, tur ned auto and had remained impt isoned | the first to leave the pier, although he had | Fpancisco, to whom she was secretly mar- i ; oj i
fever heat again !t was soon learned y ; 2 h Pra tanmpe sl asney neti alae ara I ; Fran , to ) shone with something of the fire of the
Tee i mean ee Tecetone owned be | cco rin Ge Mek. ended Satehy: 158) in ie lice Dascite this oxpationne cis | Sr." RmUely wecee quantity of Dagengs: | red shortly alter (he death ot *haries ©, | Brooklyn Borough President Will Display | religious fanatic, He had the air of a
yt ; Y | persons suffered. Fighty were killed and Despite thisexperience the yrs, Mark A. Hanna, widow of the Senator, | Yerkes, was speeding down Jerome avenue | His Views tn Public. | man who has balanced the books of his
{ Bird S. Coler announced last night that
|

‘ast year with the Tamerlane She
ussed the line at 2:5L0'clock iu the after-
oon and was received jubilantly by all

‘
‘
hands, as those on board are well known

who has just returned from the Province
of Tula, where his manor was burned to
ashes, says that life and property there are
in constant danger.

Smallman of the Kings County Hospital,
was intoxication, and he was removed
to the alcoholic ward. Intoxication seems
to have been responsible for the accident.

was also a passenger by the Kaiserin
BLY

CANT DANISH ISLANDS,

Ambassador O'Brien Says He Didn't Try |

| last night when the party ran foul of Police-
man Silverbaur, who was on duty at 174th
street.

Silverbaur hailed the automobile party

 

the newspapers were not treating his decora-
tions on streete and things in genera! with
the proper respect. Most everything he
said, according to the Borough President,

 

creditors even if it bankrupts him

This theory seems to be not altogether
unlikely and it does not entirely exclude
the theory of personal pride in evildoing

ere ‘ area , " .
the Hyperion went into St. George's | ; Organized gangs of terrors are Arrest: aa ts Heffner, 6 >. — a wae —Court Influence Adversc. and told them they would have to go to the | has been distorted in a way not in the least | Most persons who have attended revival
arbor and @ad tater ibWad to Santis ing travellers, seizing their belongings | a v nown ae o , rai we ving Spectal Cable Despaich to TRE Sun. | Highbridge station. Mrs. Yerkes protested | consistent with its real importance services remember having heard converts
: - | with impunity, and incendiarism flourishes | owned at one time twenty-six thorough- Loxpon, June §.—Thomas J. O'Brien, | that she was not exceeding the speed limit, } So this morning he will set up an official | testifying to the evil deeds of their unre-

“

arren Sheppard was the navigator of the
Hyperion. He said they were not a mile
out of their course when they made out the

lend at 12:45 o'clock. They had fresh winds |

the southwest most of the voyage.
On Thursday afternoon a schooner thought

from

everywhere.

FOR GOVERNOR OF OKLAHOMA.

C.N. Haskell Claims the Democratic Nomi.
nation by 12,000,
Guturig, Okla., June 9.—Returns trom

 

breads. He was the brother of Ed Heffner,
also a trainer, and Dan Heffner, who is
known as the Mayor of Sheepshead Ray.
William Boyle, Jr., who is badly cut
and bruised, is a son of the late Billy Boyle,
hotel proprietor.

|
\
|
|
|
|
| by the police.
|
\
|
|

| noted horseman and

lately American Minister to Denmark, who
has been appointed Ambassador to Japan,
arrived in London to-night onthe way to his
new post. He characterized the recent
report that the negotiations for the sale of
the Danish West Indies to the United States

| but the policeman insisted. Edward Ros-
| hong, her chauffeur, was arrested. Mrs.
Yerkes gave her name to Lieut, Graham
and said that she lived at 864 Fifth avenue.
She said that she did not believe in speeding
and that she thought that the policeman

 

 

bulletin board in front of the Brooklyn

Borough Hall on which will appear three or

four times a day the remarks and opinions
! of Mr. Coler

| BRYCE TO VISIT OKLAHOMA.

 

generate days. They will remember hear-
ing that some of these converts seemed
to take a holy delight. in describing the
depths of infamy to which they had sunk
before their conversion. They rolled it
under their tongues like sweet morsels.

i
to be the Priscilla was sighted. The Hy- | | ; | Anderson. who is a boss painter, received :
perion entered the Gulf Stream on Thuraday | the Democratic State primary, held yester- | © { the head and face, while Beatt had been renewed as baseless. He said: | was mistaken. Roshong was released On | British Ambassador Interested In Proposed | It may be so with Orchard, but nobody
at 4:18 P. M. and the wind freshened so that | day. are still far rom complete, but C. N. | ceo digativ talured tat ib was bie | “The matter has never been officially dis- | bail, Mrs. Yerkes giving her house as se- | New State's Constitution. knows, To-day this monster is the riddle
they had to take in the mainsail. It rained | Haskell of Muskogee, I. T., Democratic gray Het Lee is cussed by the Danish Ministry of Foreign | curity | Gutnnrts, Okla., June 9.—James Bryce, | of the age.
hard, too. On Friday the wind was from | leader in the constitutional convention, | Affaire and myself. Neither had I had any | far ate tiad fee | British Ambassador to the United States, Steve Adams, whom Orchard describes
| cla'ms his nomination for Governor by ! instruction in the matter. Personally - BOAT SANK UNDER THEM, ! will visit Oklahoma and Indian Territory | @8 chief assistant murderer, is more easily

the southwest and they lost sight of the
Priscilla.
struck the yacht and they had to reef down.
The daily runs of the Hyperion were 145,
117 and 190 miles

As the Syperion anchored in St. George's
the Lila was sighted rushing toward the
finish and as she was well within her al-
lowance she had the Hyperion beaten.
She crossed the line at 6:26 o’clock and was
‘oon under tow for her mooring off the
\acht club and was welcomed just as the
others had been. R. D. Floyd, her owner
and navigator, was well pleased with the
1erformance of his yacht and felt that he
lad been recompensed in some way for
his hard luck in the race last year. :

He said the yacht ran into squalls on
\\ednesday afternoon, After that they
raperlenced southweat winds for practically
‘he whole trip.

'

's and 53 miles. The weather was good

ruil Saturday, when it blew hard and seas |

'roke over the yacht. She made eight
tiles an hour in spite of this.
entered the Gulf Stream on the éth and
‘leared it the next day. The voyage was

enioved by all on board and all are well

lhe crew of the Dervish was not slow to |

"

On Saturday a southwest gale .

The runs were 122, 130, 170, ;

The Lila |

12,000 over Tom Doyle of Perry, Okla., and
| Lee Cruce, Ardmore, I .T

The Prohibition vote saved Haske! on
the Oklahoma side of the new State

Robert L. Owen of Muskogee, a part
blood Cherokee Indian, .# the Indian Terri-
! tory nominee for United States Senator.
The race injOklahoma Territory is very

Chandler and T. F
“blind orator" and former Populist
cations are that Hoffman will win

153 MINUTE BRIDGE BLOCK

And Traffic Was Congested fer About an
Hour in the Afternoon.

There was a block of nearly a quarter
of an hour cn the elevated road of the
Brooklyn Bridge just after 8 o clock yes-
terday afternoon It soon tied up the
surface cars, filled the platforms with
passengers and kept the police busy pre-
| serving order
| The trouble was caused b
on a Brookkrn bound train. For some
reason it estopped when well over the
| bridge and trains piled up behind it until
| the starter stopped starting them.

The police devised a plan by which those
who were in a hurry could go down stairs

Indi-

a bad motor

close between Col. Roy V. Hoffman of |
Gore of Lawton, the :

of speed violations that had landed five
automobilists in the Parkville police station
| in forty-five minutes. The prisoners said
‘they were William Colligan, chauffeur for
| John R. Cutler of "388 West Thirty-ninth
| street; Eugene Scott, chauffeur for Max
Blumenthal; William C, Houck, of 60 West
Seventy-sixth street, president and mana-
ger of a Manhattan automobile company;
Ralph K. Mulford, demonstrator for a
motor company at Fifty-fourth street and

| ‘Lhe accident came at the end of a series

| lives at 68 Weet Forty-firet street. Mr.
| Stoops was bailed by his wife, who accoin-
' panied him.

|" Besides these arrests two hilarious parties
| of automobilists lost the trailing motor coy s

| Parkway and recklessly tearing ovér cuts
i ror new roads where the pursuers dared not
ollow

AN OKLAHOMA NATURE STORY,

Farmer Tells of Tornade Carrying His Cow
a quarter of a Mile

 

accompanied by high wind and hail, fell
to-day and flooded the entire territory.
Throughout Oklahoma the storm was severe

Broadway, and James T. Stoops, manager |
\ of the Crescent “Autotop Company, who |

| by dashing into Pros:ect Park from Ocean |

Gurunin, Okla., June 9.—Heavy rain, |

think the sale is now out of the question.
The influences which defeated the former
attempts still exist, and if anything they are
now atronger than ever.

“Although the management of the islands

Danes still hope to be able to raise cotton
profitably

mark muet retain these possessions in ,the
Western world.

would be exerted against their sale are the
court and upper classes.”

 

SCALDED IN A STEERAGE BATH,

Russian immigrants at Sea Turn Live Steam
on Themselves.

|
| Six Russian immigrants aboard the"
!
!
|

 

Russian steamship Aroonia, in last night
from Libau and Rotterdam, attempted to
take a bath on Friday night in the steerage
bathroom. It was after the hour when
| they were permitted to use the room and
the steam pipe had been disconnected from
the bathtub. One of the immigrants
turned the valve and filled the room with
live steam. Five pereons were badly

shows an annua! deficit of $100,000, the |

Moreover, there seems to have |
developed a strong sentiment that Dene |

 

eas Roy in a Beating Party of Three

Drowned tn the Hudson

{

| A rowboat in which were Michael Daly,
| 20 years old, of 445 West Fifty-seoond street;
| Patrick Mulvaney, 15 years old, of 510 West
| Fifty-first street, and John Stephenson,
17 years old, of 776 Tenth avenue, was
swamped late yesterday afternoon in the
North River. Daly was drowned, but the

nearly half an hour were rescued by two
boatmen.

The boys left the pier at Fiftieth street
shortly after 5 o'clock ith the afternoon
and started up stream yhen off Fifty-
sixth atreet and well to the middle of the
| river they discovered that the boat was
‘leaking badly. The water came in faster

/than they could bail it out with the only,

| means at nand, a tin can.
| They called for help, but nobody heard
| them, The rowboat was half full of water,
‘and a pasging vessel caused a ewell
| that fleoded it, All three plunged into the
| water. All were known to be good swim-
mere, but Daly evidently was seized with a
cramp, for he was not seen again.

The other two managed to cling to the
which after much effort

“The principal influences, however, that | other boys after being in the water for |

from June 18 to June 16 as the guest of
A. Jd. Davidson, president of the St. Louis
and San Francisco Railway.

Ho will be entertained at dinner in Musko-
| gee by Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Owen on
| June 14 and will be in Guthrie on June 17.
| Citizens famitiar with public questions

and conditions have been invited to meet
' Mr. Byrce, who is keenly interested in the
proposed Oklahoma Constitution.
{ While the convention was in session Mr.

 

Bryce askod that a copy of the Constitution
| be sent to him in Washington

|
| COL, NICHOLAS SMITH IN COURT.

|
' _
| Charged With Striking @ Boy With # Cane
| —Magistrate Lets Him Ge. :
| Col, Nicholas Smith, who married a
| daughter of Horace Greeley, was in the
| West Side court yesterday morning charged
; with disorderly conduct on an elevated
| train on Columbus avenue,
| The conanalpae! was Edward Kohler,
16 years old, of 284 West 142d street, who
said that the Colonel bad struck him with
a cane. Col, Smith is a familiar figure
about New York because of his erect bear-
ing, snow white hair and mustache and
| his rather Western manner of dress. The
| boy, Ne said, was annoying him and he
oe

 

him to desist. Then the boy began to |

say that his part in the crimes testified to
has been due distinctly to his eenes of
class consciousness. It was war between
his clase and all capitaliste, Adame thought,
and in that war any measures, however
criminal, were justifiable.

Adams has left the jail at Wallace and
officers are bringing him to Boise, where he
wil) arriv® to-morrow. The State will put
him on the, witness stand and interrogate
him regarding the crimes to which Orchard
has tostified.

Orchard pays Adams is the man who
| helped him blow up the Independence
depot, when fourteen non-union miners

were killed, in 1904; who was with him when
| he killed Lyte Gregory the same year, and
| who helped him in his attempts to kill Gov.
{ Peabody and others, The State has a con-
| fession by Adams, fully as voluminous as
{ that made by Orchard, and this is said to
!
|

'
t
{
|
|
|
comprehended. Those who know bitm well

corroborate Orchard's in a manner truly
amazing, but Adams has repudisted that
confession and has said that if he is placed
| on the witness stand he will repudiate it
| in open court
The State does not much care if he does
If he repudiates it, this confession will be

‘how appreciation for the work done by | and take the surface cars. There was, and in Day county a tornado did much | |. bow of the boat, 7 i ?
he Hyperion and Lila, and aw the two , some swearing but no disturbance over | damage southeast of Grund. | ee ree eaaabat foaes tas sain | they succeeded in overturnin _ Their plight qoor one gg any moh pal beg cco fine, produced and read to the jury in open court.
the delay The homen of FD. Wette, Bon Fayne. | ot, | was noticed by the man at Fiftieth street | & polos call and when the train got to Fifty- | It is sworn to and witnessed. If Adams

‘he crew of the Dervish cheered lustily

its passed her going to their moorings |

The congestion was not entirely relieved

for an hour or more after the trains began |

 

 

' John Ashworth, Samuel Wright and James

MoQuigg were demolished. The families

the hospital this morning
, was not badly hurt.

 

The other man |

| of whom they had rented their boat. With
‘another mfin he rowed out and pulied the

 

| ninth atreet Col. Smith wasarrested. Magis-
trate Harrie dismissed the complaint

 

refuses to answer any questions it can only
| be on the ground that to answer will in«

Mrs. Maier, who arrived here on the | t move 1 eeca, inju 1

i ry in cyclone vellars. i ——_~- { out of the water cquaaeeiediing

‘eamship Bermudian, welcomed her bus-;  _ a FEE © eet. nets tam: | _dubn ree saye he saw his cow Did vee Know This? vere “a. 0. C. of Land Veluen” Srientute treatee & | eriminate him and the effect of such a refusal

band at soon we he landed | CLOTHES PRESSED O} . oere { lif.ed_into the air and carried away, and The Pure Food Law calls for no change or ex- URBERS' the expert, No connection with any real estate come an acaroaly 7 at Cae ging.
After all, cRS* e Seotes . for sample sheets, Address B\- Mra. eve ame hase boen bere «ince

wee

Fred Thompeon, the owner of the Bham-

ITED. other feature added to the superb
ie oft vist Tren to St. Louls via. the Pena:
sylvenia road,— Ade.

that he found her later at MoQuiggs', .

, quarter of a mile away.

' planer of the label ou Square Hottle Mt, Veruon
ye

Whiskey. It's Square.---ice,

| boet MACE (We wig hibar laiiOUm Ade

any, Send tc
PE T, 10 Arbuckiv Hullding, Urooklyn, N. ¥.—Adp
‘

the trial opened. She, too, ll be called by
®

five days can possibly be given than to .

Whatever the belief us to the implication «

a new lease on his life cannot be disputed: .

This theory is not borns out by his man- ~

 

*

7