—:

 
    
    

\

  
 

_ @race, reckoning from to-day.

        

   

Fair to-day; to-fnorrow fair and
warmer ; gentle to moderate north winds
Highest temperature yesterday, 68; lowest, 56.

Detailed weather reports on last page.

 

oT a ee

‘NMOL. LXXXVI. —NO, § 8,

444
———— a

 

 

 

Ss th Ie ‘YORK, SUNDAY, , SEPTEMBER 8,

   

Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

62 PAGES,

 

 

In Greater
New York,

 

ALLIES ABOU T TO 0 SMASH 1 HINDENBURG LINE:
.THREE ARMIES DRAW IN FOR TRIPLE BLOW:
._ RAPID GAINS IN PICARDY; DEFENCE TOT TERS

 

(10,000 CITY SALOONS
TO CLOSE OCTOBER 1,
PREDICTS RUPPERT

en Unwilling to Take |
Out New Licenses Begause
of Brewing Ban.

BEER SALES ESSEN (TIAL |

Keetet iach

Landlords Also Will Refuse to
Extend Leases for An-
other Year.

ere —_—_ —.-

 

Airplanes in Running
Fight for 140 Miles

LONDON, Sept. 7.—An official

communication on bombing
and raiding operations issued by
the Air Ministry to-night says:

On the morning of Septem-
ber 7, our squadrons attacked
the railways at Ehrang (four
miles northeast of Treves,
Prussia) and the chemical
works at Mannheim. Good
bursts were observed on and
beside the railway lines at
Ehrang.

Fierce opposition was met
within the raid on Mannheim,
but despite this the objective
was reached and successfully
bombed. Eight direct hits and
many other good bursts were
observed on the chemical
works. Our squadrons fought
largely superior numbers of
enemy airplanes both before
and after reaching the ob-
jective. One squadron had a
hard continuous fight for a
distance of seventy miles be-
fore reaching its objective and
the fight continued for another
seventy miles on the way back.
More than two tons of bombs
“were dropped on Mannheim.

As a result of the fighting
one enemy airplane was de-
stroyed and two more were
driven down out of control.
Four of our machines are miss-

BEER TAX LOSS
_18$240,000,000

Kitchin Admits It Must Be Re-
placed by Assessment on
Coffee, Sugar, &c. |

 

|
}
|

- Ten thousand of New York's 15,000
saloons and probably every one of the
breweries in the metropolitan district |
will close (ctober 1, Col. Jacob Rup-}
pert predicted yesterday.

The Food Administration's order that |
the breweries ceate from brewing De-'
Neember 1 gives almost three months!
But Oc- |
tober 1,-the day when the saloon keepers |
renew their licenses and their leases,
“when the brewer files the chattel mort-
gage and assumes control of the Hquor,|
tax certificate under a power of attor-
ney irrevocable—and when the commit-
tee of fourteen sends the manuscript)
of its annual report to the printer—Oc- |
tober 1 is the dies irm, for the writing |
is on the wall.

i
- t
Outlook Not Encouraging. “l
It is true that the saloon keepers can,
take out new licenses and turn them)
fn later for their face value, coniputed |
“wn a basis ©f months which will not |
have expired. But those who choose to}
do go will have to*wait six months or so |
for the machinery of the Excise Depart- |
tment to figure their rebate money and
send them their checks, and in the pres-
ent dismal state of the retail liquor in-
Gustry this is an outlook calculated to
pet the most sanguine rum seller think-
Ing.
. Anyway, there is the lease (or the
pwnership of theskpsy.corner |
reptional case) and the fact that without
beer in’ the pipes the average saloon 1s
ts a lute without strings. The big ho-
tels and restaurants will, of course, keep
their bars going whether the, bed

   
 
 
   
  
  
 

     

ttay open or not. But the plain, or-
flinary saloon keepers, no.

Few of the city breweries are likely to ‘
await December 1 as the day for |

” 7 x |
Withdrawing their product from circula- | | DEF ENDS IN 10M E THEORY

tion. «There {s a certain amount of Se tate

Western beer on hand here from recent
‘ghipments, and when that has been ab- Baited With Smoot’s Cc riticism, |
Says He Disbelieves Sen-_

porbed the city is likely to go beerless
tor what time remains ofthe war.
Col, Ruppert’s Views. 3 ator Uttered It.

Ca. Jacob Ruppert, speaking for his!
trade, said yesterday:

“We have no plans at present, but it}
would seem as though we were contem-
plating. a stone wall. There is no likeli-

—-—

 

Special Despatch to Tun Sen.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Chairman
Kitchin occupied the entire session of
hood of the bulk of the city saloons tak- the House to-day trying to explain i
Ing out new licenses in October” It members why the Ways and Means,
would be scarcely worth their while, con- Committee, under his leadership, ignored |
tidering the falling 6ff in custom which | the repeated recommendations of the
they have all suffered, since the coyntry | Secretafy of the Treasury and insiste
went to war and considerin g also that a} 0 incorporating in the new revenue re
man ‘must: ag a rule wait six months ; the differential on distributed and un-
hots or teem before he receives his re- | distributed income and the high excess

profits schedule.
bate money after he turns his license in. i -
fhjsealone; the tying up of his license | Contumption taxes, which the com-
° for the sake f two months {
Foubtful wtrade, will cause the average | °a°e probably must be written into the
saloon keeper to close'down on October 1, | measure to make up the deficit at
“Then of course there is the matter of | beer taxes, Mr. Kitchin admitted to-day
the ealoon properties. . Whether a man| The tax of $6 a barrel on beer wag
pwns his property or leases it, he figures counted upon to raise in a twelve month |
his year from October 1. Most landlords period $240,000,000. That much must be
having saloon men as tenants will refuse made up from consumption taxes on coffee,
to renéw leases expiring next month, | S¥U&@r, tea, cocoa and similar articles of
also most saloon keepers have their very general consumption, he indicated.

It will not be necessary to provide for
lready for going int ome
a4 smd PE akee, : 7.8 | raising a full $240,000,000 before the

“I cannot make any estimate of the end of the present fiscal year through
money value of real estate which will be | the consumption taxes. : It is estimated
pfrected, but it will be very large; even | ‘by member® of the Ways and Means
the bill for alterations of the thousands | bn rage that the boasumities Wr
ef properties which have held saloons | Must be so arranged that about $130,-

| 000,000 must be raised through consump-
will run into a formidable figure. Then} s' P
ition taxes before July 1, 1919. There-
there will be the loss tn the liquor tax a fae anc $240,000,000 will h +
tevenues to the State—nearly $13,069,000 Rr Ghgn Tear VON EEO WIA REVO tO

year for the last few years—and the be raised in that manner, members of
” the committee believe.
r State and Federal taxes,
oss in other 8 * They may make euch changes in the

measure in revising the House taxes
that a far larger revenue will be pro-
duced through consumption taxes,

Drewerw’ Financing of Saloons,
In addition to the loss which th?
jrewers face through the summary clos-
ing down of their establishments, they Table Taxes Insufficient,
will lose besides a vast part of that) pepresentative Longworth (Ohio), one
honey ye oe a wun sell of the ‘Republican members of the Ways
fnancing 0 and Means Committee, who has con-

beer.
Pee eras of big and little saloons sidered other means to obtain revenue
in anticipation of the loss of taxes i |

1

 

 

tave been fitted and financed by the
brewers. Thefe is enough saloou men's} beverages, said that even heavy impo
japer in banks to keep a stoneyard | taxation on table necessities and other}
afloat. (‘Most of this bears brewery in-j articles would not produce a great |
jorsement and will for the most part) amount. It would not be sufficient to |
Jave t6 be taken up with brewers’ funds, make up the loss from the tax on beer.
rhe amount of mahogany and Circassian This table prepared b M
walnut whith ‘is out at Interest as saloon } y Mr. Long-
worth shows that heavy import taxes

rnameéntation expresses a sum 60 tidy om ¢
nat the mind reels considering it. would produce about $155,006,000;

 

 

 

 

 

The problern of what to do with long in i Estimated
Hstablished brewing properties—cities ta ~ ax. Hevenue.
inemselves, many of them and unfitted ; Coffee «-- +--+ be: per iy. $05,900,808
fo any business but the producing of| Tea ., . 20c. per Ib. 20,000,000
teer—is a problem which each individ-| Sugar .. + Je. per ib 13,000,000
hal brewer or brewing corporation will Rubber oe ad val, 18,000,060

OO] wees oc @ d val. 2
save to figure at feisure orynecessity. | fijdes ....) 11) 15% ad val. $2,000,000

Col. Ruppert, for instan®e, has no euminindeaec odie

neither have the Ehrets, the F. MOREE Ta kkk beh dAd 0400094 404 $155,000,000

lans

ne M. Schaefer Company, the Hupfel
poneern nor the management of the
Sverard breweries. The Lion Brewery

Members of the House had expected
that Mr. Kitchin would have some new

as lately been making dyes in one of ite reason to give for insisting on putting in
fulldings and a few of the Brooklyn | the excess profits rates at a very much
plants have branc hed out in a emall way|higher figure than the Treasury has
im the same direction, But most of the urged. However, his only explanation
breweries lack the quality of quick con-| was that the tax was necessary to

Continued on Fourth Page.

 

 

 

 

 

Continued on Fifth Page,

BERLIN NSTARTS
PEACE DRIVEIN

DUTCH PAPERS

Central Powers Try to Have
Negotiations Begun Be.
fore Christmas.

since onaccnmecanegnc

NEUTRAL AID SOLICITED

Complete Set of New Terms
Proposed, Including Revi-
sion of Brest Treaty.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sex
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
Lonpon, Sept,
elaborate German intrigue to weaken
the determination of the Entente to
smash Prussian militarism is unmis-
takable, especially in HoHand, where
a number of Dutch newspapers with
pro-German leanings discuss seriously
the question of whether peace is in
sight. Obviously the new peace of-
fensive is emanating from Germany.
It is significant that one of the

 

7.-Evidence of an

reasons given by the Germans to ex-|

plain the new feeler is “fear that Ger- ere Felt Command to At-

man territory’ would be exposed to the
ravages of war.”
glum have been devastated by
Germans, it is certain the territories
for whose welfare Germany now

| shows such sMicitude are situated in

Germany. Hence this proposal when
the Kaiser's armies are going back
fast toward their own frontiers.

Central Powers’ Attitude,

According to the Dytch newspapers re-
ferred to the suggestion {s for the Cen-
tral Powers to await the cessation of the
Alles’ present offensive, or possibly a
small German success on the western
front, before making another definite
peace offer, Both Germany find Austria
appear to have reached the conclusion

that peace before Christmas is the only | way of the mutiny of German submarine

way out of the present difficulties; that

concessions to that end

Their terms would be the uncond:-| peculiarly
to which | from

tional evacuation of Belgium,
ee would be paid by an Interna-

ional fund; evacuation of the occupied
Sea es in exchange for captured Ger- |
man colonies; settlement of the Alsace-
Lorraine question in a way satisfagtory
‘to France's wishes and pride, possibly |

{by the exchange of Alsace and Lorraine |

for a French colony, and complete revi-
sion of the Brest-Litovsk treaty.

This German-Austrian peace offer
would not take the form of former of-

fers, but would rather be negotiated by |

As France and Bel- | j
the)

| they are ready to meme all necessary | poats, of which two were sunk after a

|
|
}
'

40 German Regiments
Entirely Wiped Out ||

WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.—

Me Peds VICTORY FRUITS
sou tea Feed | Ag OCHS FLE

ing the fighting of the last few
‘Tlaig’s

months reached Washington to- ||
|
Battle—Foe Forced to

day in official despatches, ‘which
quoted captured enemy docu-
Disgorge Gainse

ments. Numerous German bat-
talions now are composed of
three companies instead of four,
it is said, as reserves were
not available to keep four com- ||

pany units u to necessary
strength. In this process of con- +
solidation forty German regi-

ments are said to have been | GERMAN VS EXPECT DEF EAT |
wiped out entirely. |

It also is stated that the men |}
of the German class of 1919 are ||
rapidly disappearing and those |)

of the 1920 class must be drawn ||, Infant in Virgin’s Arms at
on to fill gaps, a measure which ||

the enemy is said to be postpon- Cistercian Monastery.
ing as long as possible. | ———_———
e despatches say that the || . . [SON
actual monthly arrival of Ameri- |) at AB tracey dnt ky behead
can troops in France is equal now Special Cable Despatch to Tue Scx from the
London Times Service.

Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
WITH THE British ARMY IN FRANCE,

Shell Severed Head of Holy

to fully one-half of the German
annual recruitment.

 

 

ept. 7.—The advance of the British |
no longer a battle but the garnering
the fruits of success as the Germans

UBOAT MUTINY [scsi Se
CAUSE IS BARED

f ‘ed so much to gain last spring, when
tiey started for the Channel ports,

"] heard to-day more detalis from civil-
fins who have been recovered at [court
aid Manancourt. It shows how care- |
fully the Germans keep all information |
from the people of the occupied terri-
tories that only two months ago did they

tack U. S. Transports Was
Death Order.

STILL

j only from an indiscreet paragraph in the
| Gazette des Ardennes (the German
propagandist newspaper, printed § in

IN

EDICT ‘ORCE
EI i I FC RC K ple of the occupied districts), sneering
at American slowness and the small re-

| sults of her efforts. '
German Leaders Desperate and) since it nas be&n known that
Will Risk Submarines to | Americans are fighting, they say,

Get Blow Home.

the

 

tin fact, beaten already, although the
wanes | German officers continue ta put
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sox and the | bold face on the matter and affect to
Public Ledgor believe in their country's ultimate tri-
umph.

Copyright, 1918;

Lonpon, Sept. 7

all rights reserved.

.—Reporits from Nor- Sourkrant Put in Rations.

I have stated that these civillans have
crews and their seizure of four torpedo

been supported entirely by provisions

furnished by the International Relief

fight with pursuing warships, fit: in} Gg; ssion; it seems that locally these

with other sinister repor tS | supplies were handled by the Germans

i Berlin which will interest the} and it {s a curious fact that, as doled

| American public. It is a fact that much olit, these rations consisted largely of

firing has been heard and scores 0 | sourkraut. It would be interesting «9?

bbdies of German sailors have been | know if the relief commission's food
| Washed up along the Jutland coast. The, hontained aourkraut

belated explanation seems to clear up The villagern arenas doubt it, ‘They

|
|
|

| neutral intermediaries of high rank, who i

would be asked by Germany to repre-
sent to the allied Governments what ter-

rifle losses for civilization another year ginning to grasp the idea that the Amer-
whereas the Alhes | ican army
a would lose nothing by entering into a} each day,

of war would entail,

conversation with the Central
the war continuing in the meanwhile,

To Influence Opinion Abroad.

The recent German advertisement of | you haven't,” {s the cry.

internal industrial trouble is also di-/|jcahs are coming;
mittee has avoided with a great deal of | rectly intended to influence public opin-| them?” is the query thrown at navy | miliarizing the troops with the various

jon abroad. All reliable information

regarding Germar onditions and all first | gone forth to sink some transports, ff

hand accounts o: local strikes support |
that theory. The existence of pro-
nounced revolutionary movements in
Germany is inaccurate and misleading.
There is, however, serious political
trouble brewing in Germany over the)
defiance of the Junkers of the Kaiser's
Government in persistently blocking ma
carrying out of the promise of reform |
‘in the Prussian franchise.

Count von Hertling’s declaration on
this question is a matter of the protec-
tion of the crown and {6 &he sensation
of the hour in Germany, The action of
the Junkers in so amending this measure
of reform until it now is one of the purest
reaction has aroused not only in Prus-
sia but in all Germany great anger
and dissatisfaction,

The Frankfurter Zeitung voices popu-
lar sentiment when it says that “feel-
ing among the majority parties of the
Reichstag is becoming even more bitter,
Not only in the Socialist ranks has dis-
content with Hertling’s fruitless leader-
ship increased, but, however painful it
{s to say so, it is true that the Chan-
cellor has lost all the trust of “demo-,
cratic parties and has disappointed all
hopes.”

“Where are the frults of his ten
months of office?’ asks the Zeitung,
It replies: ‘There are none. Now is
his chance to redeem his career as Chan-
cellor. Will he utilize it and stand up
sternly against the pan-Germans?”

ORDERS $80,000 REFUNDED.

Garfield Punishes Firm Which Sold
Inferior Coke to War Plants.

Special’ Despatch to Tux Sun,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 7,--Charges of de-
livering inferior coke to two concerns
engaged on allied Government war con-
tracts were sustained by the Federal
Fuel Administration to-day against the
Consolidated Coke Company of Pitts-
burg, and an order was made that $80,-
000 be refunded to its customers,

The action, the most drastic taken in
eonnection with a violation of the Fuel
Administration's regulations, was be-
cause the inferior coke seriously inter-
fered with the output of munitions,

The charges were preferred by the
Steel Company of Canada, at Hamilton,
Ont., and the Thomas Iron Company of
Hokendauqua, Pa,

 

 

 

}

the mystery. ;
ystery are convinced that the Germans took the

Germans Becoming Desperate. commission's good bread and flour and

One does not have to go far
the cause for the mutiny. It is known
that political pressure in Germany 1s /
sevexe on those who promised to eink |e
American transports, severe indeed |
as to cause radical changes in the high
naval commands. Now Germany ts be-

j} might be difficult to prove, but the sour-
kraut is a matter that could be settled
asily.

Among the recently
ments is an interesting order to the
German army which explains the dit. ;
ficulty of relieving the tired troops. it!
says the divisions must do the best to

80 captured docu- ;

in France, growing as It is |

many.
The German people are becoming des-
perate. “You sald you'd sink them ané
“More Amer-,
don't you sink

and‘is no longer offensive. It concludes
with the words:

| “AN efforts should be in the direction
why lof the construction of positions and fa-
lines of defence.”

chiefs. This is rather different

It is reported that the order has | :
in tone fgom

4 »T) -
only to save the Government's face e— | the or ee ae ce
mon Ss AZO. Amo 1 defensive

‘and the crews know that this is a sen- 7
i tance of death. They may or may not | Measures the Germans seem to be In-

creasing largely the allotments to di-

erce the convoying lines, 2 ,
poe . ve visions of anti-tank guns,

but whether |

they succeed in hitting the transports)
lor not the crews know that the attempt | British Wary of German Traps,
li suicide. In their retirement the Germans are

'\very real.

This grave situation is known to be
It is a fact that concentra-
tions of U-boats recently have been at-
tempted in what the Germans believed passing any threshold, going down any
to be transport routes, There the Ger-| +25. or moving anything left ostenta-
man commanders are reckless enough to/tiously lying about. Mjnes, presumably
play for big stakes. Some of the most/exploded by the corrosive action of
vicious killers among them still live. @ jacids have been going off at various
| places, but there have been no casualties.
The British army has grown very wary

One of the saddest sights that I have
seen is the ruins of the Cisterclan mon-
astery on the summit of Mont Descats,

leaving behind them the usual number
{of booby traps, so our men exercise ex-
treme caution in opening any door or

Transport Losses Not Unlikely.

This being the case, it is right to real-
ize that the 100 per cent. chance hereto
recorded as complete immunity to troops |

southwest of Ypres, It was not an
in crossing is almost too much to expect ancient building and was grandiose
or to remain undiaturved, for the Ger-| rather than beautiful, but none the leds

mans at last realize that it is life or
death for them.

The commander who first terrorizes
America with a transport tragedy will
be a national hero If he lives; a national
martyr if he perishes, The German mind
probably supposes that one or two whole- |
sale troopship tragedies will frighten the |
United States into releasing its strangle
hold. Two, three or four submarines
lost against two or three crowded trans-
ports sunk is small cost to Germany.

It is reasonable to expect that some |
transports may be sunk, so thoroughly
aroused are the Germans, but the Allies,
on the other hand, will take every pre-
caution to continue the efficient protec-
tion already afforded to the American
soldiers in crossing the Atlantic to the,
battlefields in France and Belgiunt |

it was imposing, and with the old fif-
teenth century windmill adjoining it
made Mont Descats one of the most con-

Continued on Second Page

Great Double Header
at the Polo Grounds

HE Standards and Harlem &

Hollingsworths, pennant win-
ning shipbuilding teams, and the
Holy Names and Macomb A. C.’s,
crack local aggregations, will
play the first and second games
respectively, in the great double
header at the Polo Grounds
this afternoon,

Nine bands, 500 musicians in
all, will play patriotic airs, start-
ing at 1 o’clock. THE SUN To-
bacco Fund will share in the
afternoon’s proceeds. Turn to
page 1, Section 6, for details,

WARNING! it THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection

 

BRITISH LOSS 20,640 IN WEEK.

Inergase of More Than 2,000 Over
Last Week of August, |

Lonpon, Sept. 7.—Casualties among
the British forces reported in the week
ending to-day totalled 20,640 officers and
men, compared with an aggregate of
14,484 reported in the previous week.
The casualties were divided as follows:

 

Officers Men. with any omer Sang, organiza-
Killed or died of wounds,..,., 378 8,628|| tion or publication. It employs
Wogedes OF MNBAR.ssorcssese LE =| no agents OF seligiets,
OO CRRA SOFT RAE . 1,413 19,228
/ db

BRITISH GARNER KE

inbiaceth ance Ceases to Be |

| publication of his newspaper,

jin Petrograd by

5

 

French for distribution among the peo- |

|

the |

| German privates make no secret of their | jlogy.
| pellet that Germany must be beaten, is, | ——~—

 

| EXCEED 60 000 | BRILLIANT COUP

-—>---—

to find | ave them their own bread Instead. That} Cable to € arry Only N

|

week and toonth, spella defeat rest their own men by reliefs within,!
Powers, | and relentless military disaster for Ger-| themselves. The order also Insists again
that henceforth the battle is defensive

 

 

|

|
|
|
|

 

 

ERENSKY IS DENOUNCED
AS WRECKER OF RUSSIA

 

Vladimir

Bourtzeff, Revolutionary Publicist, Calls For-

mer Premier to Account for His Treatment of Gen.
Korniloff and Bringing On of Disaster.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sux ‘from the
London Times Service.

Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
Paris, Sept. 6.—Vladimir Bourtzeff,
thes well Known revolutionary publicist,

has come out with a series of accusa-
tions against oertain persons who fig-
ured as “leaders” of Russian democracy.
He openly accused the Bolshevist chief-
tains of being agents In the pay of Ger-
many, but what is more surprising, he
cast the gravest suspicion upon Keren-
sky.

Bourtzeff is Paris the

Obshche
Diaeresis E Delo, which was suppressed
the Kerensky Govern-
ment, under the title of Le Cause Com-
mune, This organ will publis¥f an article
in which Bourtzeff calls on Kerensky to
expiain his conduct in the well known
Korniloff affair. He expresses surprise
| that Kerensky so long evaded this criti-
cal issue, and. it may be assumed by the
general tone of the article that further
and even more searching questions will
be put. Extracts from Bourtzeff's com-
ing article speak for themselves:

resuming in

Branded Korniloff as Traitor.

“The failure of Krniloff's enterprise
| of September, 1917, is intimately asso-
clated with the name Kerensky.

|learn for the first time that the United | Korniloff was then the incarnation of
States had entered the war, and then | Russia's hope of victory over Bolshevists

and Germans. Without any
crime motive on his part, Korniloff was
branded as a traitor and it was only
thanks to the efforts of a commission
appointed to investigate his cage that he

| escaped the death of Duxhonon.
“Having published circumstances and |

documents and with the case adjourned,
Kerensky makes public apology to Korn-

 

 

: CASUALTY LISTS.

Pershing Holds Back 20, 000 |
Minor Cases, Which Will
Come by Couriers.

DETAILS ) TO BE GIVEN

vames of
Killed and Missing Under
New System.

Special Despatch to Tur SvuN

WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.—New plans for
making public casualty lUsts have been,
decided upon by the War
A cable from Gen. Pershing
March, the Chief of Statf,
20,000 casualties,
slightly wounded,
France because it

Department
Gen,
states that
comprising names of
have been held up in
was deemed advisa-
ble as a matter of policy not to cable
cases where wounds were not serious,
This makes the total number of casual-
ties more than 60,000,

Gen. Pershing felt that
casualties were cabled there might be
many cases where soldiers were dis-
charged from hospitals and returned to
duty before th¢ familles or -relatives
were !nformed of the cases. The opin-
fen was that much needless anxiety
would be spared familles and relatives
by not reporting these minor cases.

But the disadvantage of this plan has
been that families and relatives in hun-
dreds of cases have heard from abroad
that their husbands or brothers or sons
were wounded and have been greatly
worried at having no word from the
Wan Department.

The new plan which Gen, March is
going to put into effect will be for Gen.
Tershing to cable

to

if all minor

only names of men
killed or missing. The names of all
wounded, regardless of the degree of

severity of their wounds, will be sent
from the American Expeditionary Head-
quarters to the War Department here
via courier. Gouriers leave twice a
week. The hospital records, contain-
ing details will be forwarded with the
numes of these wounded,

Under this system the familles and
relatives of wounded men will learn the
nature and severity of the wounds as

soon as the cases are reported, for the,

reports sent courter

this data.

by will contain

COTTON SPINNERS TO STRIKE,

English Workers Seek to Abolish
Priority System,

LONDON, .Sept. 7.—The Amalgamated
Association of Cotton Spinners, with a
membership of 20,000, has decided to
strike on Saturday next for the aboli-
tion of the priority system.

Indirectly the strike will affect 300,-
000 operatives in the Lancashire cotton
industry,

 

 

London Firemen Threaten Strike,

Lonpon, Sept. 7.—The London fire
brigade has decided to ballot forthwith
on the question of striking for recogni-
tion of their union and a settlement of
their claims respecting wages and pen-
sions,

B

It was ahaum Bent upon !

pid te do so because his old behavior
toward Korniloff had been one which
brought on the greatest misfortunes, war
and disaster for all Russia.

Ten& of thousands of signatures
dorsed my appeal, All these
papers were seized and the Kerensky
Government refused to
lloff. Neither the Provisional Govern-
ment nor the Bolshevist wished to state
the truth about the Korniloff aiffar. .

“It seemed ‘to me it was Kerensky's
duty to clear up the whole matter be-
fore the world at large. . . 1
subsequently gave him to understand
what I expected of him. During his
stay in Paris he made numerous
speeches, but in each case he invariably
treated the Korniloff affair as a matter
of no importance.

in-

Pamphlet by Kerensky.

“Tt ig said he published a pamphlet
in Russia about the Korniloff affair and
received a strong reply from a group
of *fficer friends ef Korniloff. I haven't
seen the pamphlet, but I hope he will
not present himself with It before public
opinion abroad.

“The matter cannot rest there. We
must put a stop to all that the Germans
have been doing in Russia to disrupt
the energies of the nation.

Even if Korniloff should unhappily be
dead his followers remain.
Kerensky failed to make the necessary
response to my previous summons. I
resume my effort.

“Let him and his friends, pursued in
their turn, come forward now and help
us vindicate the good repute of an hon-
est citizen and a gallant soldier in the
eyes of the Russian people and of Rus-
sia’s aflies. Let them take heed as re-
gards delay. I summon Kerensky to the
light of day in the columns of the great
Suropean press and await his reply.”

TS: YANKEES MAKE .

 

They Rout Enemy From Dense | —
Wood on South Side of
Aisne Canal.

|

| BIG TOLL OF ENEMY DEAD
-

| Americans Capture Son of One

of Kaiser’s Advisers, Lieut.
Alversleben.

 

By the Associated Press
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON THE
AISNE FRONT, Sept. 7.—The attempt of
the Germans to retain
;on the south side of the
{in a wood to the west
Prayeres was nullified
brilllant operation
The dense Iittle
with machine
{German guns.
The only break in the American line
along the canal was at that place. The
task of cleaning it out began at 4 o'clock
fin the morning and was completed be-
fore 10 There was no opportunity to
take prisoners, but the toll of German
dead was great as comrpared with the
| hagnitude of the engagement.

Aisne Canal
of Villers-en-
by a small but
early this morning.
wood had been packed
guns, under cover

 

  

| Along the line to the junctions with
the French, heavy resistance continues,
and indications are increasing that the

Germans do not intend to be hurried
in their retreat in the district northwest
o? Rheims, The artillery on both sides
was in violent action, but with the ex-
ception of patrolling there was no effort
at infantry work.

The general line held by the Ameri-

cans has not changed. From one place
the Americans brought in fifty-six pris-
eners, members of one of the Guards}
divisions, Among them were two offi-
| cers, one of whom is Lieutenant Gas-
pard Alversieben, whose father is re-
puted to be one of the Emperor's advis-
ers. It was this Lieutenant who com-
manded tho detachment that recently
compelled a small American force to
evacuate Fismette. It was the organi-
zation to which that force belonged that
captured him.

The capture of the wood near the;
canal was accomplished after intensive
artillery preparation and in the face of |

a smothering machine gun and arti illery |

fire. The Americans crept close in dur-
‘ing the darkness and rushed the woods
about 5 o'clock. From the woods enough

machine gun nesta were left to give a
sharp greeting, but the real line of
bursts was from beyond the eanal. But
this was met with a strong American

 

}counter fire.

The raising of a
of the Aisne early in the day gave rise
to the presumption that possibly the
| Germans were already moving ack
This was dispelled by later developments,
although {t would not surprise any one
if they withdrew shortly.
probable, however, that the Germans in-
tend to make a stand along the Aisne, at
least until the onward movement of the
French and British north of Soissons is;
| more definitely established,

Northeast of Rheims there is an evi-
dent disiike on the part of the Germans
for retirement, and in the broken coun-
try there remain strong forces, which
are moving only very slowly toward
the rear. If the Germans wish they
can maintain their present position for
many days yet. but for every day it;
| Sppears prg able that the price they
must pay vA.l be increased,

 

liberate Korn- |

their foothold |

of the!

smoke screen north |

Some regard as}

® —_—— -

| British and French Advance
3 to & Miles on 35 Mile
Somme Front.

FURTHER GAINS ON OISE

Great St. Gobain Massif
Nearly Flanked and, Amer-
icans Press On in Rear.

| ENEMY NEAR A POCKET

 

Pressure Men
Likely to Shatter Hope of

Chemin des Dames Line.

of Pershing’s

 

Lonpon, Sept. 7.—The great operas

tion for the complete obliteration of

the point where the final grand blow
is about to be delivered. The great
armies of the British, French and
Americans, which have been moving
like parts of a huge machine, are
about to advance as one.

In the north the British have been
somewhat ahead of the joint pro-
gramme; for example, they could
have taken Cambrai several days ago
and everything was prepared, but
they delayed the blow until the
French caught up in their sector ta
the south, which ‘now the French
have done. The crumbling of the
whole German line in this sector may
be expected ut any moment.

|

      
  
 
  

Advance on 17 Mile Front.

Pending the order from Marshal
Foch to strike the British advanced
their whole line three to four miles
to-day, from  WHavrincourt Wood,
southwest of Cambrai, to Beauvols,
the junction with the French, about
seventeen miles to the south. They
have taken also a strategie point of

the Canal du Nord, over which there
has been much ffghting, to facilitate
| their operation against Cambrai.

have made small additional

iz They
gains southwest of Ypres.

The French also have been putting
the polishing touches on their new
jumping off places and acquiring new
ones of even more value. They ad-
vanced their whole line from north of
| Ham to Barises and Fresnes, west of
; Laon, about eighteen miies, to about
the same depth as the British. Fresnes
is the point where the French crossed
the Hindenburg line yesterday, there-
; by turning this great German defen-
sive work,

he

Closing on St. Gobain Massif,

The gain meade by the French Le
yond this point, south of the Oise, is
still more jmportant. Here they are
pressing in to encircle the noted mas
j Sif of St. Gobain, the cluster of dense},
wooded hills which is regarded as the
strongest natural defensive position
in that part of Mrance and impossille
to capture by direct assault Already
the movement has progressed so fa:
that the evacuation of the position by
the Germans may occur at any mo
ment, although it is possible that be
cause of its great value in a militar
| sense the Germans may make a most
determined effort to Hold it for a time

 

 

 

 

 

The purpose of the American move
ment on the Aisne front, apparently,
to prevent any such effort by the Ge?
| mans, if they have that intentlon, on
he American operation has been go.
erned and controlled by the develop-
ment of the operation to the west an
north by the French and British

Chemiv des Dames Menaced,
| 7” pressure of the American force
jnow posted along the Aisne half wa
aes Sac to Rheims, and along the
| Vesle west of Rheims, is steadily in-
| creasing, and because of this, in conne: -
jtion with the French operation west &
| Laon, the German position on the
Chemin des Dames {8 seriottsl!y menaced

Special attention is being pald by the
Americans to the Germans atill remain-
ing in the angle of the Aisne and tha
Vesle east of Fismes and tmportant

movements seem to be
which may develop
‘tion in large fork

impending there
into a major opera.
-e north of Rheims

   

The Germans have been stripped of
practically all their gains made jin the
great drive of last spring and all the
deep sailents they drove into the Allies’
j tines have been flattened out. The only
part of their gains that they still hol
lis in the narrow stretch tween i.
Fere and Cambral, and that is ver;
shallow: the next forward move of the
| Allies is likely to eliminate it

St. Quentin Canal In Cronsed,

In their advance to-day the French,
,according to the night official report,
| crossed the St. Quentin Canal at Tugny
| Bridge and station, both of which they
captured Relow that point progress

was made at Vauxailion, in
‘tion against the St. Gobain Massif, and
| Celue- sur-Alsne was captured Their
|general penetration {s placed in the re-
port at four to five miles.

the opera-

The French now hold the general line
from the western outskirts of Vau»
i Fluquieres, Happenecourt, the east of

I Pus ny Bridge and of St. Simon, Avesne
the western edge of Jussy, the railway
rom Ham to Tergnier, Amigny-Roy and
Barisis

| The allied advance in the region wes

‘of St. Quentin, according to the opinior

lof the military critic of the Petit Jour,

nal, will prevent the enemy from halting
1

: Hindenburg line has now reached |

some importance on the west bank of

es

ee ee