VOL LXXL=NO. 124,

FIRST TRIP IN THE SUBWAY,

MCLELLAN, NOD LOW, MAKES I?
BY HANDOAR TO HARLEM.

 

 

 

 

fome Miscae Abont Carrying Out the Ex-

Mayor’s Intention of “Opening”
Tunnel as Well as Bridge—Stations
Packed to See the Mayor Ge By.

Mayor McClellan, with Contractor John
B. McDonald and a number of friends and
city officials, rode through the subway yes-
terday afternoon, from the City Hall to
Manhattan street in Harlem. They were
d-awn by handcars worked by Italian la-
borers. They were not accompanied by
Fx-Mayor Seth Low, who had left office
some two hours before,

It became known several days ago that
Mr. McDonald and the officials of the sub-
way Construction Company had made
arrangements for a first trip through the
long tunnel on New Year's Day. According
to the story told yesterday, Mr. Low, when
it was announced, at once expressed his
willingness to go along. Early yesterday
the retiring Mayor announced that he had
declined the invitation,

There were twenty-four in the party
which left the City Hall station at a little
after 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Be-
sides Mr. McDonald, it comprised Mayor
MoClellan, Comptroller Grout, President
Orr of the Rapid Transit Commission, John
H. Starin, Senator Patrick H. MoCarren,
Walter G. Oakman, Chief Engineer William
Barclay Parsons and his son, Charles Stew-
art Smith, Morton F. Plant, President
F. T. Underwood of the Erie Railroad,
Miles M. O’Brien, John T. Pierce, Walter
Luttjen, T. F. Miller, S, L. F. Deyo, chief
engineer of the Rapid Transit Construc-
tion Company; George W. Young, Assistant
Corporation Counsel Henry Yonge, Alfred
Skitt of the Manhattan Elevated Railway,
Pp. F. Murphy and Andrew Freedman.

Young Mr. Parsons took the place that
had been reserved for Gen. Howard Car-
roll, who was unable to be there. Every-

body else who was invited was present.

The party was carried on three flat cars
which Mr. McDonald had built for the oc-
casion. He gave the order for the con-
struction of these cars, it was understood,
on the day after Mayor McClellan was
elected. On each car were two long seats

made like park benches. Each car was
towed by & d car, which was propelled
py the brawn of eight or nine cheerful

eons of Italy. -
Tho trip took an hour and a half. Be-
tween stations there was a certain monot-
ony about the Prospect. There were the
long, sreren ly umending rows of
sraight ron supports between the four
pe the dull gra go aun ue
A e heavy ra e-
aati alot juried in broken stone bal-
Inst, jaid under and above the wooden
sleepers. But the runs between stations
ecemed oy short. The whole experience
was new. It was with a start of rise
that the travellers heard at the end of the
journey that they had been so long on the
wa

Broept for the lack of the final coat of
white paint, and for the absence of ballast
on some stre' of track, the tunnel is
wy nearly in the condition to-day that it
will be in when it is finished. There are
incandescent ange on at a Role,
‘or at intervals of about feet, which
make the track plain for blocks ahead
they would not furnish a good
ht for one who carried a news-
Peper in the subway. The subway
cars, of course, will be so well lighted that
it will not matter to the passengers in them
whether the tunnel itself is dark. ;
Ren exclamations of

y in the party.
are near enough to com-
pletion to make the architectural beauty

evident. The white enam-
elled brick of every station are trimmed
vith variously colored enamelled brick
in varied designs, The street name or
number of each station is repeated again
and again feng De walls.

“First aid to the jag,” explained Engineer
Parsons. “If the passenger's eyes are so
blurred that he cannot read the first sign
or the second or the seventh, then at least
the color of the brick trimmings will tell
him whether he is near home or not.”

The Bleecker street station is practically

although
reading

3
E
5

finished. It was as spick and span as a
model dairy, and as rich in dignified decora-
tions as a restored Roman bath. An in-

voluntary cheer went up from Mr. McDon-
ald’s guckte as the three cars rolled up to
the platforms.

At nearly every station the watchmen.
onduty had allowed a few persons to come
down from the street into the tunnel to see
the new Mayor go by. At several of the
stations Contractor McDonald had given
orders that the public gencrally should be
admitted.

_ These were crowded. But at every sta-
tion, whether it was big or small, there was
crowd enough to cheer as the cars rumbled
into the gray light and on into the darkness
again. Workmen waved their hats and
yelled, “Happy New Year for the Mayor,”
and the Mayor saluted with a cheerful
smile and a lifting of his hat.

Few stretches of more than a hundred
feet were not patrolled by workmen with
lanterns, Kach one of thern cheered in
turn. Their cheers were always answered,
not only by the salutes of the pioneers,
but by the cheerful laborers at the hand-
car levers, who managed to keep up their
work and wave tLeir hats at the same time.
with many Italianized howls of “Happa da
New Year.”

The first variation of the rectangular form
of the tunnel was at the reach under the
Fourth avenue surface car subway from
Thirty-third street to Forty-second street.
Here there were no supporting posts andthe
tunnel was simply a semicircular arch.
The electrio lights had not been installed
here, and great flare lamps showed the work
to the visitors.

At Forty-second street, though none of the
party knew it at the time, there was ex-
perienced an object lesson in one of the
Breatest practical advantages which an
underground road has over other methods
of transportation. There was a “three
alarm fire” in the Murray Hill Hotel, right
over the heads of the passengers, at the
time they went through. Not one of them
knew it. Tho engineers and city officials
all commented afterward on what this

Signified to a city whose transportation

lines are often tied up for half an hour at a
time by the necessary interference of the
firemen with their apparatus, and whose
fire losses have often increased thous-
ands of dollars by the interference of the
elevated railroads and surface cars with
the fire engines.

At the Columbus Circle station a stop
waa made long enough for the passengers
to alight and rest their cramped legs. Mayor
McClellan incautious! wandered into the

reat crowd gathered in the station and

ad to hold an impromptu reception,

Assistant Engineer Brandeis, who had
charge of the motive power, called the
Italian handcar workers together during
the rest and told them that any who were
tired might quit and give up their work to
Substitutes.

“No, no,” answered one, as spokesman
for all; “we pulla da Mayor McClell! No,
no! We hava no da coat; we stop now, we
catcha da cold!”

They bent to the handles again and
worked like beavers all the way to 129th
‘treet, The more they had of it the more
they seemed to enjoy their job, and they
velled cheerful Italian gibes at one another
from Ser to car whenever the procession
paused,

 

“Do you wonder,” asked the Hon. And |

Freedman, admiringly, “that they're all

getting rich?”
+ In the Eighty-sixth street station, Sub-
“ \ Suw

 

} a my |
i ~ a '
bf. ¢

Contractor Bradley had a most eloquent
brass band, which knew “Hail to the Chief!”
and knew it thoroughly. He had also
decorated the subway for a hundred feet
or more with American flags. After the
tune had been played through some three
times, Mr. McDonald, who was _ in boyish
spirits, looked over Mr. McClellan’s shoulder
to Chief Engineer Parsons and shouted:

“Very nice of Bradley to pay you this
compliment, Parsons. But don't let it
affect your estimates on his work!”

The procession moved on before Mr.
Parsons could make rejoinder.

it had not been so very cold up to the time
the party reached the upper Broadway
route. Here there are frequent ventilat-
ing wells, and these let down plentiful
draughts of crisply cold air, The Visitors,
not protected, as the regular passengers will
be, in electrically warmed cars, turned up
their overcoat collars. When the cars
ran out upon the viaduct at 122d street it
was colder still. At Manhattan street (129th
street) the cars were turned back to 122d
street, and the party went to-Claremont
to lunch, after finishing the first continuous
trip through the main line of the subway
that has ever been made by anybody.

The trip over the East Side line, from
Ninety-sixth street over Lenox avenue, was
abandoned because the party had been
late in starting.

The luncheon was informal and merry.
At the start Mr. McDonald introduced all
of the party to the Mayor. John H. Starin,
in SRG tS speak to ex-Park Cominis-
sioner McMillan, who had taken Mr. Orr's

lace at Eighty-sixth sfreet, tipped a glass-
ul of mixed cheer over Mr. McDonald's
shoulder. He began to apologize pro-
fusely, but Mr. McDonald wouldn't have it.

“Really,” he said with every appearance
of sincerity, “you can throw a bucket of it
on me. on’t much care what happens
to me et

The Hon. John Caddigan of the Hoffman
House had provided every member of the
pery with a box of sandwiches at the City

all. He said he never expected to see
anybody alive again (with a broad wink
at hig friend the boss contractor), but he
was determined that they shouldn't starve.
The Claremont lunch would have reas-
sured Mr. Caddigan.

Just before the filet was brought on, Mr.
McDonald motioned to Mr. Grout, who sat
ap the Mayor's left, and then nodded ae
nificantly in the Mayor’s direction. Mr.
Grout rose.

“Let us drink to the health of John B.
McDonald,” he said, to Mr. McDonald's
evident embarrassment. “He has done
a work greater than any one man has ever
done for this city. He has done it well.
We wish him a long life and one always as
successful in all he undertakes as what we
have seen to-day.”

Mr. McDonald nudged Charles Stewart
Smith, who rose and said:

“Let us rise and drink to the healthyof
our new Mayor. A happy New Year to him
and all suocess to him and his administra-
io

tion. °

“That,” said Mr. McDonald, “is what I
wanted Mr. Grout to say. He is not well
disciplined.”

The healths of August Belmont, cf Chief
Engineer Parsons and of Alexander E.
Orr also were drunk.

“Mr. McDonald,” said Mr. Freedman,
fishing a ten dollar gold piece out of his

ook, “I want to pay my fare, the first
are for the first ride over the subway.”

Mr. McDonald took the coin and stowed
it away in his waistcoat.

“Andy,” said he, “if you ever expect to

t that back you're doomed to an awful
disappointment. I'm going to have it

'e into a memento of a most memorable

on.

Mr. Freedman joined in the roar of joy
that followed.

“We all want to thank you,” said Mr.
Skitt to the contractor, “for having given
us an opportunity to appreciate this great
work.”

“Pshaw!” laughed Engineer Parsons,
“there’s no citizen so poor that he cannot
appreciate it much more comfortably a few
months from now—for five cents.”

After the cigars had circulated Mayor
McClellan | forward in his place at the
end of the table o ite Mr. McDonald and

addressed him with great earnestness.

“Mr. McDonald,” he said, “I desire te
thank you individually for a most pleasant
and interesting afternoon and for this op-
portunity of seeing this great perenne
which you have so nearly completed,
Farther, in the name of the city and on be-
half of the city, on this New Year’s Day,
I wish you all health, prosperity and happi-
ness and I express the hope that as time
goee on, the debt the city owes you may
ever ase.”

Comptroller Grout was on his feet in an
instant. “I concur with the Mayor,” said
he, “except in his last wish. Let us all
hope that the debt may not increase, but
may decrease.”

“tt was the moral debt,” Mr. Plant ex-
plained amid laughter, “not the material
debt that the Mayor meant.”

“Then,” said Mr. Grout, with mock stern-
ness, “the Mayor must speak more specifi-
cally hereafter.” :

And presently, with a few more laughs,
and another handshake all around for the
Mayor and Mr. McDonald, the “Subway
party” was over.

 

NEW YEAR RIOT IN ST, LOUIS,

Crowd of Revelers Beat Poltcemen—Many
Arrests Made.

St, Louis, Mo., Jan. 1.—The new year
was ushered in with scenes of wild revelry.
Until a late hour this morning the streets
were thronged with people blowing horns,
ringing bells and firing off bombs and re-
volvers. In the central district alone,
800 revelers were placed under arrest for
transcending all rules of decency.

At the corner of Fourth and Locust streets
this morning a party of revelers came into
collision with a pe of police, with the
result that four officers were severely in-
jured and a dozen or more citizens were
taken to the police station. The disorder
was not suppressed until after a riot call
had been sent in, bringing a dozen police-
men to the scene. Policeman O’Brien was
felled with a brick and a long gash cut in
his head; Policeman Cronan was hit over
the head with a club and his kneecap was
dislocated by his fall to the sidewalk.
Sergt. Kavanaugh was knocked down
with a barrel stave and seriously injured,
and Policeman Morrissey was badly beaten.
The windows of street cars were smashed
in with missiles thrown by the crowd.

 

 

ROBBED IN HOTEL, THEY SAY.

 

“Brokers,” Haying Celebrated Much, Re-
port the Loss of Valuables.

Two men who described themselves as
Herbert Smith, a broker of 40 Sterling
Place, Brooklyn, and J. O. Kline, also a
broker, with an office at 104 Wall street,
celebrated the New Year in the Tenderloin.

They went to the Marlborough Hotel
early yesterday morning and got a room.
When they awoke yesterday they made
complaint to the hotel management that
they had been robbed while asleep, They
also reported the robbery to the Tenderloin

lice.

Kline says he had $60 and two gold watches
valued at $100 each in his pockets. Smith
said he had lost $30.

The hotel management say that such a
robbery could not have possibly occurred
in the hotel and think that the pair lost
thelr money before they came there.

 

AGAINST THE INTERURBAN.

Manteipal Justice Gives Damages for
Kefusal of Transfers.

Justice Bennett of the Twelfth Municipal
Court has handed down a decision award-
ing to Murray Rawson Fonda, plaintiff,
judgment for $750 and costa, the fullamoun
claimed, in suits brought by him against
the Interurban Street Railway Company,
because of its refusal to give transfers
at points of intersection of its lines.

in ereaetinn of Ite lowe

0 ts
Wo

 

NEW YORK,

 

 

 

| M’CLELLAN IN WITH A PROMISE

“NO STEP BACKWARD IN MY AD-
MINISTRATION.”

Shakes Hands“or an Hour After Taking
Over the City Government Frem Low
—A More Amliable Meeting of Inceme
ing and Outgoing Than the Last.

 

Almost precisely at the moment yesterday
when the hands of the City Hall clock pointed
to noon, Seth Low formally transferred con-
trol of New York's municipal government
to his successor, Col. George B. McClellan.
The one noticeable feature of the brief
ceremony was the extreme cordiality which
marked the meeting of the outgoing and
incoming Mayors.

Those who were in the City Hall on New
Year’s Day two years ago and remembered
the frigid reception which Low had from
Van Wyck, and saw yesterday the sincere
friendliness exhibited between Low and
McClellag, commented on the contrast.
Never since he has been in office has Mr,
Low so thawed out.

Mayor Low reached the City Hall soon
after 9 o'clock. He came early to finish up
a few matters requiring his attention. A
few minutes before noon Col. McClellan,
accompanied by his secretary, John H.
O'Brien, arrived at the City Hall. The main
corridor, through which thé incoming
Mayor passed to the private office he was
to occupy, was a bower of foliage. The
walls were hidden beneath growing palms
and hanging smilax.

The Sixty-ninth Regiment band played
lively tunes for an hour before the new
Mayor's arrival. When Col, MeClellan
entered the building the band played “Hail
to the Chief,” but the musio was drowned
by the cheers with which the crowd greeted
the new Mayor.

Policemen were stationed at all the doors
to shut out idle curiosity seekers, yet the
crush inside was so great that it was im-
posshie to move in the corridors. An
nour before noon the doors leading to the
reception room were closed because the

! room was already packed. Men high in

Tammany who came late were unable to

push their wa

to wait until th

they could greet ths new Mayor.
Keese, who has been at the Cit

the civil war, said that he had never seen

such a throng at a mayoral inanguration.

Col. McClellan was piloted ihrough the
crowd to the Mayor's private office. There

| he and Mr. Low were closeted together for
some time. On Mr. Low’s desk were the
resignations of all his commissioners and
heads of departments except Commissioner

through the crowd and had
© exercises were over before
Marty
Hal! since

Woodbury of the Street Cleaning Depart-
ment and Tax Commissioner Strasbourger.
| These were shown te the Mayor-elect and
obviated any possibility of having to re-
| move any of Mr. Low’s appointees as a
| preliminary step to the formal naming of
their successors,

At one minute before 12 o'clock Mayor

Low and Col, McClellan emerged from the
doorway leading from the private office to
the big reception room. They walked side
by side through a cordon of police formed
to provide a lane for them, to the old Colonial
table where Mr. Low was to hand over—
figuratively, that isthe insignia of office.
Behind them followed their secretaries and
assistant secretaries.

Standing on one side of the Mayor’s
official desk and addressing Col. McClellan,
who stood on the other, Mr. Low said:

Col. McClellan, the hour has come when I
am parraitted to give the city into your care,
in obedience to the will of the people, Any

! one who has been Mayor of New York will
always be ready to honor its Chief Magistrate.
Mr. Mayor Iam glad, as one of the great body
of sneteene to salute you and to wish you
well,

Turning first to Mayor Low Co]. McClel-
lan said:

I thank you for your kindly welcome, and
I assure you that I deeply appreciate your
courtesy. If I am spared to live out my
than that I should leave the cy Hall in as
high and affectionate esteem as do you.
Then raising his voice and speaking
McCellan said:
A discussion of the municipal questions
years would scarcely be in place here and now,
but should receive from me at some future
opportunity warrants. I feel, however,. that
in assuming the great office with which you
have honored me, it is right and Ane that
0'
my conception of the trust with which 1 have
been charged.
I have been chosen by the people of Vew
that 1 can only fulfill my trust by adminis-
tering the affairs of this city in the interests
the entire people. 1 believe in party
responsibility in government; but parties
are only a weans to an end, and that end at
cordance with certain recognized funda-
Ray principles,
he impossible cannot be accomplished.
ernment which are weilnigh past solution.
Conditions must be faced as they are, and
least an honest effort can be made toimprove
ministration, that no step backward will be
will be made,
I ask those who supported my candidacy
but, more than this, I ask the support and
regardless of political beliefs. If the public
will, in a spirit of American fair play and for-
by what it may be fortunate enough to ac-
complish, I shall be content. If, when my
administration comes to an end, we can feel
|
|

term of office I can wish for no better fortune
to those assembled in the room Mayor
which must be solved during the next two
date more formal treatment than the present
1 should make some general expression of
York as thelr Chief Magistrate. I believe
of

least ought to be good government, in ac-
mie ta

There are some problems in municipal gov-
not as we should like to have them; but at
them. I promise you, on behalf of my ad-
taken in any department, but that progress
to aid me in the task that has been set me;
cooperation of every citizen of New York,
bearance, judge the incoming administration
that we have left New York a little better

than we found it, we shall have the satis-
faction of knowing that the work of two
years has not been in vain,

The new Mayor’s addresa was loudly
applauded, In the reception which fol-
lowed he was occupied for nearly an hour in
shaking hands with the hundreds of persons
who passed beforé him. When the last
of the long line had passed he retired to his
pervete office and there swore in the men
1e has appointed to serve under him, At
2 o'clock he left the City Hall to take a jour-
ney throug the subway. '

At the close of Mayor McClellan's speech
Mr. Low started for his home. Before he
went he shook hands with his staff and
wished them alla happy New Year. Earlier
in the day the officials who have worked
with him for the last two years handed
him this letter:

Str: Your office staf would be untrue
to the dictates of their hearts, if the oceasion
of your laying down the burdens. of the
Mayoralty were allowed to pass without an
expression of the esteem and affection they
have for you

They therefore beg you to accept this simple
declaration of their feelings, and of their
appreciation of the continuous inspiration
it has been to them to take a modest part
in the making of your unexcelled record as
Mayor of Greater NewYork.

Every member of your staff unites in these
sentiments, and in the wish that Heaven's
richest blessings of peace and the nation’s
highest honors may yet crown your record
of public service.

Among the letters and other communi-
cations which had been delivered for Co).

McClellan at the City Hall was a package
containing a silver handled knife.

“That,” he said, as he held it in his hands,
“will be returned. Many gifts have been
sent to me since my election, but they
have been all sent back to the senders.”
When he was asked if the holdover
of Commissioners Woodbury and Straa-
bourger meant that they were to be per-
manently retained, he replied:

“The two Commissioners have been held
over, and that is all I can say on that matter
now.”

All Deerfoot Farm Saasages

are made at the Farm, in Southboro, Mass, Their
success 1s owing to the “hojce materials and the
neatness and cleanliness of the preparation.-Adw

rane o>

 

in a

BURIED GOLD IN THE GROUN

Miser, on His Deathbed, Wrote in His Will
Where He Had Hidden It.

RICHMOND, Va., Jan. 1.—Gold in glitter-
ing heaps was turned up in the corner of an
ancient outbuilding at Worrells, South-
ampton county, Va., while following
the directions left in the will of
Benjamin A, Worrell, who died a few
days ago, after a long life spent in the ac-
cumulation of property. The entire sum
aggregated $8,500.

Worrell was considered the richest man
in Southampton county, and, although
he had a mortal dread of banks, no one
knew that hs was secreting his money in
the earth. He made his will some months
ago, while in good health, and there was no
mention of his store beneath the ground.

He left to his heirs houses, lands, stocks
and bonds, constituting a large fortune.

Just before the end came he asked that
the will be again brought to him. He was
raised in bed and with almost his last
strength he wrote on the margin of the
document, in characters which were almost
illegible: “Dig in the southeast corner
of the smokehouse for buried treasure.”

Then he died. Immediately after the
funeral his directions were followed and
the hoard of gold was found.

HAD $20,000 IN HIS CLOT HES

Omaha Workman Who Lived Like a Pauper
Kept His Fortune Near Him.

Omana, Neb., Jan, 1.—For many years
John Walker of South Omaha wore in the
lining of his clothes $20,000 in gold and
bills. The discovery was made to-day
by chance.

Walker worked for Armour & (o., seven
years for a small salary. He died in a
scantily furnished apartment. Apparently
he was a pauper. The court clerks who
are sent to the house accidentally dis-
covered a hard substance in the coat lining.
It was a $20 gold piece. Up and down the
seams of the coat and lining the trousers
and vest were rows of similar coins. The
shoulders of the coat were padded with
bills of $100 and $50 denomination. In
the linings of Walker’s shoes other green”
backs and gold pieces were found. In a
dilapidated trunk other garments yielded
thousands of dollars from ragged linings.
Rusty old shoes had false soles full of money.
Hat bands bulged with carefully creased
greenbacks. Walker is thought to have

a sister in Boston.
pe Ee ee

FOR NEW POST OFFICE HERE.
PostmastereGeneral Payne Will Urge Im-
mediate Legislation by Congress.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 1.—The annual report
of Postmaster-General Payne for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1908, which will be
made public on Monday, will call the atten-
tion of Congress to the need for additional
post office facilities in New York city. Mr.
Payne will call the attention of Congress to
the recommendations of the Post Office
Commission, consisting of the Attorney-
General, the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Postmaster-General, favoring the offer
of the Penrisylvania Railroad for a site on
the new terminal station, and the erection
of a post office building directly over the
underground system of tracks of the New
York Central Railroad, to take the place of
the present Post Office Station H. The
last Congress failed to act on the bill to carry
out these recommendations.

The Postmaster-General will point out
the great congestion that exists in the New
York mail service and will urge immediate
legislation carrying into effect the commis-
sion’s recommendations.

MARRIED ON A TRAIN.

Missourt Couple Didn’t Want Any Friends
at Thetr Wedding.

Kansas City, Mo,, Jan. 1.—A marriage
on a train going forty miles an hour took
place yesterday afternoon. While the bride
and bridegroom stood in the car aisle,
grasping the seats to stand upright, the
clergyman made them husband and wife.
Miss Lola Fraser and J. D. Ford, beth of
Lawson, Mo., had been engaged for several
years. To avoid their friends Mr. Ford
went to Excelsior Springs and engaged the
Rev. B. P. Taylor, pastor of the Hunley
Methodist Church of St. Joseph, to perform
the ceremony.

Miss Fraser boarded the Chicago, Mil-
waukee and St. Paul train in Lawson at
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The train
was coming to Kansas City. At Excelsior
Springs Mr. Ford and the clergyman got
aboard, and while the train was speeding
toward Liberty the clergyman summoned
the conductor and several passengers as
witnesses, and married the couple.

 

 

 

 

 

 

A NEW YEAR SUICIDE,

Edward Kersey Prinks Polson In the Street
After Greeting Passersby.

A man stopped in Fourteenth street near
Fifth avenue last night and wished every
one who came along “a happy New Year.”
A crowd had gathered when suddenly the
man took a bottle from his pocket and
drank most of the contents before some
men near him could knock it out of his hand.
he bottle had contained carbolic acid,
and the man died before an ambulance
from St. Vincent’s Hospital arrived.

In the man's pockets were letters ad-
dressed to Stephen E. Kersey of Hoboken.
He was notified, and he identified the suicide
as his brother, Edward Kersey of Spring-
field, N. J. He refused to tell the police
why his brother had killed himself or any-
thing about him.

GAY BRIDEGROOM OF 99.

Texas Man Nearing the Century Mark
Wins a Bride of 33.

TEXARKANA, Tex., Jan, 1.--R. A. Cain, 99
years old, was married near this place
to-day to Miss Ella Keller, aged 33. Lmme-
diately after the ceremony the couple de-
arted for their home, in Limestone county,

‘ex.

Cain was born in Madison Sour Tenn.,
in February, 1804, and came to Texas in
1835, He was in San Antonio during the
Alamo maasacre and is the last surviving
veteran of the Mexican War who fought
Santa Ana. He does not show his age.

SHOT HIMSELF AT

 

12,

Laycock Had a Clock In His Hands to
Time His Suicide

McKeespoat, Pa., Jan. 1.—John Laycook
sat last night with a clock in one hand and
a revolver in the other, facing his wife.

When it neared 12 o’clock Laycock said:
“Mary, what would you do if I were dead?”
She did not answer him

Just as the hands on the clock pointed to
12 Laycock said: “You think I am a coward,
but I ain't.” He then fired a bullet into his
left aide near the heart. He will die.

 

In what other way can 50 cents be so well in-
vested for a youn rson asin a copy of The Four-
Track News for 1904? Five cents at newsdealers,—

ff

a)

 

 

yD.

|

'

   

TO BE PRIMATE OF AMERICA.

CARDINAL GIBBONS TO RULE THE
CATHOLIC CHURCH HERE,

 

 

Important Question to Be Lali Before
the Hierarchy tn Washington on Jan.
31--OMfice of Apostolic Delegate to
Be Abolished—Farley 'g Trip to Rome.

A special meeting of the American hier-
archy of the Catholic Church has been called
for Jan. 31 at Washington. A conference
of the trustees of the Catholic University
has also been ordered, and it was said that
this meeting was to consider the present
condition of the university.

It was stated authoritatively to a SUN
reporter last night that the hierarchy will
be convened to discuss the project of creat-
ing a primate in the United States, and that
the findings of the council will be carried
to Romo by Archbishop Farley. This will
be one of the most important councils of
the hierarchy since that of Baltimore in
1884,

THE Sun’s informant said that the estab-
lishment of a primate in this country would
result in the withdrawal of the Apostolic
Delegate at Washington and the transfer
of Mgr. Falconio to some European post.

It is said that Cardinal Gibbons is the
only member of the hierarchy who has
been mentioned by the Bishops for the new
honor, The Cardinal's present rank of
quasi primate is only honorary, carries
no jurisdiction and comes through the
fact that tradition has made the Arch-
bishop of Baltimore by courtesy the primate
of the heirarchy of America.

It is said on authority that Pope Pius
has expressed his belief that the United
States should have her own primate with
a jurisdiction covering that now held , by
the Apostolic Delegate. Archbishop Ire-
land spoke in favor of this plan some months
ago.

Another project to come under con-
sideration at this special meeting of the
hierarchy will be the convocation of another
Plenary Council, It is stated that if the
primacy is not established the calling of
the council will follow.

The conference will delay Archbishop
Farley's departure for Rome until early
in February. Bishop O'Connor of Newark
will sail for Rome on Jan. 6, and it was ex-
pected that the Archbishop would go with
him.

As published exclusively in THE SUN
in November, the plan to establish a see
at Washington, separate from and inde-
pendent of the Baltimore diocese, was sent
to Rome, It is understood that this special
council of the Archbishops is the result
of this petition, but that the plan of divid-
ing the Baltimore archdiocese has failed.
Archbishop Ireland was indorsed for the
Washington see.

GUEST ARRIVED DEAD.

E. 1. Wood Dies on the Way to a Dinner
Party at Home of Condé B. Pallen.

New RocuELLe, Jan. 1.—Conde B. Pallen,
the well known Catholic writer and lecturer,
who is living in the Emmet mansion, in-
vited Edward Lester Wood, an iron man-
ufacturer, of 20 East Thirty-second street,
to have New Year's dinner with him to-day.
His guest arrived dead and instead of the
holiday party Mr. Pallen expected to have
the day was turned into an occasion of
mourning.

Mr. Wood, who was the son of Col. Oliver
Wood of Ohio, came to Pelham Manor on
the train with his wife and son and was
apparently in good health. Finding that
there wae no hack at the station he and his
family started to walk. They had gone a
short distance when Mrs. Wood's over-
shoe came off. Her husband stooped down
to put it on and as he was doing so he gave
an exclamation of pain and fell uncon-
scious to the ground.

Mrs. Wood and her little boy lifted him
to the roadside and he died a few minutes
later with his head in her lap. The body
was taken to the Pallen home by a sleighing
party. Coroner Wies endanger found that
the merchant had died of Brepis y.

Mr. Wood was 56 years old. During the
civil war he served in an Ohio regiment
which was commanded by his father. He
was born in Saratoga county, N. Y. His
widow, who was Miss Charlotte Buell of
New York, and two children survive him.

COUNCILMAN HIT IN EYE,

He Had Previously Struck Another Member
With a Chair.

Boston, Jan. 1.—The sequel to the dis-
orderly mock session of the Common Council
yesterday took place at the Quincy House,
where the annual dinner of the Council is

held.

Councilman William H. Jordan of Ward
23 punched Councilman John L, Curry of
Ward 9 in the eye, discoloring it and putting
Curry temporarily out of business.

It looked like a free fight for a minute,
but other members of the Council got be-
tween the fighters and the trouble stopped
there.

Curry is the man who hit Councilman
Carter on the head with a chair at the City
Hall. Curry went down to the Quincy
House for the purpose of having more
fun. Jordan was singled out for all kinds
of annoyances until he protested.

Finally he said: “Curry, if you don’t
stop I will smash you in the jaw.” That
was the signal for an outburst of language
from Curry.

Hardly were the words out of Curry’s
mouth when Jordan drew off and landed
one good and hard against Curry's eye.

AIMED AT NEGRO VOTERS,

 

Kentucky Democrats Draft a Bill Dis-
franchising Men Who Can't Read and Write

Frankrort, Ky., Jan. 1.- The coming
session of the Kentucky General Assembly

will witness one of the bitterest fights in |

the history of the Commonwealth The
fight will be between the Republicans and
Democrats on the educational qualifications
of voters. The biil to be introduced has
already been prepared by the Hon. T. F.
Butler of Crittenden county, who is said to
be backed by a large number of Demo-
cratic politicians,who will work for the pas-
sage of the measure.
he bill disqualifies every man from

voting who cannot read and write unless
his ancestors were legal voters prior to 1867,
Of course, the bill is a direct blow at the
negro voters, and will only in raye instances
affect the white voters should it pass, It
is similar to laws which are in force in some
Southern States. .

The Democrata are said to havé been
planning ‘the bill and enlisting aid from

rty leaders for several months. Alarm
Ey expressed by Republicans, inasmuch as
the present Legislature is largely Demo-
cratic.

 

 

Many Amboalance Calls in Brooklyn,

There were thirty-five ambulance calls
in Brooklyn between 6 o'clock and mid-
night last night, a record for that, borough.
The doctors were needed to mend persons
overloaded with New Year’s cheer who
had come into contact with the sidewalk
or something else equally hard.

‘ vaf,
P Rents

   

SATURDAY, JANUARY 2, 1904.

 

-

Snow to-night and to-morrow.

SATURDAY, JANUARY a 190 4.— Copyright, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

COLOMBIAN GUNRBOAT SUNK?

—_

Nothing Known at Washington of a Report
That the Olympia Got Her.

Wasninaton, Jan, 1.—Officials here
say they know nothing of a report received
from Colon, Colombia, to-night, that the
Colombian gunboat Gen, Pinzon was sunk
yesterday inthe Gulf of Dar en by an Ameri-
can warship believed to be the Olympia.

According to the report, when this news
was received at Colon Admiral Coghlan
had hurried to sea on the Mayflower. The
other warships, including the Olympia, had
started for the San Blas Coast yesterday
though the (Castine was unprepared for
the trip.

 

 

The Pinzon was once James Gordon
Benneit's yacht Namouna,
DON'T WANT WIS GIFTS.

St. Louts Hears That John D. Rockefeller’s
Charity fs in Disfavor.

St. Lovuts, Mo., Jan. 1.—John D, Rocke-
feller has fallen into disfavor with prom-
inent Baptists interested in educational
work, according to Baptist educators well
known here.

It is given out on authority that hereafter
no more gifts to Baptist theological and
educational institutions will be received
from Mr. Rockefeller.

The high moral ground is taken that these
contributions have been indirectly “wrung
from the poor people of the country,” by
systematically advancing the price of oil
whenever a gift is made.

Among the institutions that have re-
ceived benefactions from Mr. Rockefeller
is Shurtleff College in Upper Alton.

DROVE PATROL WAGON INTO TREE

 

'

{

Polleeman Kane Found ls Horses Sitpping
\ on a Steep Decline.

While answering a cal! from 155th street
and Eighth avenue yesterday the patrol
wagon attached to the West 152d street
station was wrecked,

The driver, Policeman
ran the horses against
street and St. Nicholas place, and he and
Policeman Hindelstein, who was on the rear
of the wagon, were severely injured.

There is a steep decline at that point
and the horses were unable to hold back,
They were going too fast to stop, and the

| driver knew that if something were not
= quickly, wagon and all would be
\

Kane,
152d

Thomas
a tree at

dashed over the cliff. Kane saw the tree
ahead and swerved the horses direct for
it. The wagon struck the tree with a bang,
smashing the pole and throwing both
policemen out. Kane was injured on the
right side of his body and face, and Hindel-

stein about the face.

WOMEN RUN TO A_ FIRE.
Firemen’s Ball tn Weehawken Heights
Interrupted by an Alarm,

_ While members of Clifton Hose Company
of Highwood Park, Weehawken Heights,
and their friends were dancing in the New
Year at their quarters early yesterday
morning, an alarm of fire came. The vol-
unteers dropped their partners, got out
their apparatus and dashed off for the blaze.
Some of the young women who were in
evening dress hurriedly donned their wraps
and ran with the boys,

Two or three caught hold of the ropes
| and managed to hang on until the company
| drew up in front of three new unoccupied
houses in Edgar street, which had caught
fire from an overturned furnace. The fire-
men, cheered on by their fair companions,
soon extinguished the blaze. Then all
hands returned to the company quarters,
and the dance went on.

“TF ZLEGLER WERE IN MEXICO.”

Missourl Thinks She Would Have a Better
Chance to Extradite Him.

Briefs in the extradition case of William
Ziegler have been sent by the Missouri law-
yers to Goy, Odell, They say that extradi-
tion is sought for no trivial offence but
for a nefarious crime, destructive of the
very existence of a State in the debauching
of a Legislature.

“If William Ziegler,” they say, “were in
Mexico, Missouri would not be so helpless
as it is by reason of his being in the sister
State of New York.”

If Ziegler were in Mexico the point would
not be raised as to whether he was actually
in Missouri when the alleged crime was
comniitted.

‘and the spire of the Methodist Church,

| two squares northwest, caught fire from
the sparks and was destroyed.
was saved.

| The opera house, valued at $20,000, was

destroyed.

THE

TWO LOST IN THEATRE FIRE.

 

Opera House at Mt. Sterling, Ky., Burned
—Two Caught Under Falling Wall.

Lextnaton, Ky., Jan, 1.—J. W. Barnes
and FrankWhite lost their lives in the burn-
ing of the Opera House at Mount Sterling
this morning by being caught under a fall-
ing wall.

The fire sirted in the large retail grocery
of T. K. K. Burnes & Sons in the Opera

 

MRS.

WILL OF
Public Bequests to Take Effect After Death
} of the Senater and Miss Hoar.
| WorcrsTerR, Mass., Jan. 1.—-The will of
Ruth A. Hoar, wife of Senator Hoar, has
) been filed for probate here. By its terms,
Senator Hoar is named as executor, and he
| gets the income of the real and personal

propery after certain legacies are paid.
The income of the property, at the death

HOAR.

 

 

!
of Senator Hoar, goes to the daughter,
| Miss Mary Hoar, and at her death these
bequests take effect: Clark University,
$30,000; American Unitarian Association,
$15,000; Temporary Homeand Day Nursery
of Worcester, $5,000.

The bequests payable now are: $5,000 to
Worcester Polytechnic Institute; $2,000 to
Zoe L. Shippen, wife of the Rev. R. KR. Ship-
xen of Brockton, and $2,000 to the Rev.
‘dward Everett) Hale. Other bequests
are made to grandchildren and servants.

W. C. GREENE THREATENED.

Billy Stiles, Who Swore to Kill Him, Has
Broken Jal).

CANANRA, Mexico, Jan, 1.—The friends of
Col. W. C, Greene, president of the Greene
Consolidated Copper Company, are very
uneasy over his safety since Billy Stiles

| broke jail at Tucson, Ariz., as Stiles swore

| that he would kill Greene if he ever gained

| his liberty. He said he hpped to get out
of jail in order to accomplf#h that purpose.
Greene has left here for New York.

Stiles was a squatter on a ranch which
Greene purchased several months ago.
He was ejected, and it is for this alleged
injury that he has sworn to have Greene's

8.

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

PRIGE TWO CENTS,
17 THEATRES CLOSED.

Chicago Playhouses Not to Re-
open Until They Obey Law,

 

 

 

 

 

TO ARREST IROQUOIS MANAGERS

 

Warrant Out Also for the Building
Commissioner.

—

27 Eleciricians, Stage Hands and Others
Arrested—The Coroner Finds That the
Law Was Violated in a Dozen Ways
In Construction of the Burned Theatre
—More Boles Identiticd--The Total
Identined Dead 582—Putshburg Begins

Fire Drills for Theatre Audiences,

CuicaGo, Jan. 1.--Eighteen Chicago
theatres were peremptorily ordered to clo: e
this evening and remain so until their mana-
gers have obeyed the city ordinance and
equipped their houses with asbestos or iron
The orders issued by
Building Commissioner Williams this after-
noon aftera conference with Mayor Harri-
son, and copies of the order were delivered
immediately to the theatre managers,

The theatres to which the orders were
taken Howard’s, Sam TT. Jack's
London Musée, Marlowe, New American,
Olympia, Academy of Music, Alhambra,
Avenue, Bijou, Chicago Opera House,
Clark Street, Thirty-first Street, Criterion,
Feigenbaum's, Milwaukee Avenue, Gar-
rick, Glickman’s and the Illinois.

curtains. were

were:

The ban on the Illinois was removed

| shortly after the order was served, as

Manager Will J. Davis happened to be in
the City Hall at the time the order was sent
out and requested Commissioner Williams
to send a man to inspect the curtain,
which on the Building Department books.
was entered as “burlap covered with fire
proof paint.” Deputy Commisioner Stan-
hope went at once to the Illinois and after-
ward reported that he had inspected the
curtain, submitted a piece of it to fire, and
it had withstood the test.

TO PROSECUTE BUILDING COMMISSIONER

AND THRATRE MANAGERS,

Warrants charging Harry J. Powers,
Will J. Davis and Building Commissioner
Williams with manslaughter were issued
to-night by Justice Underwood on com-
plaint of Arthur EK, Hull, whose wife and
eight Cliildren were killed in the Iroquois
Theatre fire,

The complaint states that these de-
fendants did willfully and maliciousiy
cause the death of Helen Hull by failing to
provide the proper protection against
injury and death by fire in the construction
and management of the Iroquois Theai re,

Mr, Hut! lives at 244 Oakwood boulevard,
He appeared with his attorney, Thomas V.
Knight, before Justice Underwood at his

; home late to-night and signed the charges

House building. A high wind was blowing, |
| inquiry among the smaller

The church |

 

|

on which the warrants were issued.
IDENTIFIED ;} BA) 582.

The number of identified dead has reached
582, owing (o the finding of bodies at places
other than the morgues and the death of
victims at the hospitals, There are 21
unidentified dead, and the number of in-
jured is put at 135.

Despite the fact that practically all publie
celebration of New Year’s Day was aban-
doned, jneluding allthe society and club
eventa scheduled for Jast night and to-day
the theatres failed to rise to the occasion
sufficiently to call off the special holiday
matinées to-day

Surprise was expressed by the few pedes-
trians in the downtown streets when they
encountered the placards outside the
theatres, “Matinée to-day at 2 o’clock.”

The argument put forward by the theatre
managers was that the New Year’s matinée
had been advertised long before the Iroquois
fire, and that there had been a large advance
sale of seats. Therefore, they said, it
would be unfair to that part of the public
which desired to spend the holiday witness-
ing a theatrical performance to close the
theatres,

There was no holiday for Coroner Traeger
or hia assistants to-day. From early
morning he and all his deputies and clerks
were at work on the details connected
with theNidentificasion of the dead, the
issuing of burial permits and the examina-
tion of valuables found on tire dead bodies,

The Coroner has begun a systematic
hospitals to
learn how many victims of the fire died in
those places concerning whose deaths
the police have no information. The Cor-
oner feels certain that many persona res-
cued by their friends, although badly in-
jured, were taken to private hospitals,
where they have since died. As they came
to their deaths as a result of the fire, itis his
duty under the law to include their names
in the list of victims.

At the various morgues work went on
very slowly. Every suitable wagon in
Chicago was in service all day and until late
to-night for use in the removai of the dead.
Frequent changes of horses were made
necessary py the constant work,

Many familics to whom burial permits
were issued yesterday, waited in vain
until a late hour to-day for tho arrival
of the bodies of their dead relatives, the
facilities of the undertaking firms being
totally inadequate to the burden suddenly
thrust upon them.
LAW VIOLATFD IN CONSTRUCTION
BUILDIN G.

Following are some facts gleaned by
Coroner Traeger and Chief of Police O'Neil
in their investigation.

The skylights in the fire dome over the
stage were stationary, in violation of the
city ordinance which requires that all stage
skylights be movable.

The windows near the top of the stage
walls, which are arranged to be opened
with a crank, were not opened. This was
in violation of the city ordinance which
requires that all stage windows be opened
in case of fire, to afford an escape for smoke
and superheated air

On the main floor in the audience room
there were no aisles bet ween the boxes and
the orchestra chairs, as required by city
law.

The “ashestos”-curtain had a, burlap

OF