VOL, LXXVII.—NO. 51

PW GREET MRS, PANKHURST

USTOMS MEN LIMIT THE NUM-
RER ON THE PIER.

 
 

 

 

¢ Englishwoman, Leoking Tired and
Worn, Hustied to a Club— Hardest
Thing She Could De for the Cause
Would Be to Do Netiing, She Gays.

No flag draped tug went down the
bay to meet Mrs. Pankhurst, who arrived
last night on the White Star liner Oveanio-
Nor did any brass band play “Hail to the
Chief” when the ship docked. There was
of course some cheering, but it all came
from about twenty suffragettes.

Many more had planned to go down
to welcome the English leader, but the
customs house officials limited the number
of passes for the pier. Those present did
the best they could in the way of shouting
and waving green, white and purple
banners, but they all looked as if they
realized that it was a small demonstration
to put up for a woman who is accustomed
to collecting 20,000 persons of both sexes
for a parade or a meeting by merely
pressing a button or two in that famous

desk in Clement's Inn.
As for Mrs. herself, she was
evidently afraid theré would be

more Yankee enthusiasm than her nerves
could stand, for she wam't in sight at

cloak over a dark blue tailor made suit,

the valley that she had brought, before
she hustied her guest into a taxicab and
escorted her to the Woman's University
Club on Madison Square.

Those who hadn't had time to get in
their greetirigs on the dock followed with
all possible speed, and for at least an hour
Mrs. Pankhurst was bombarded with
Questions which sometimes came eo fast
that she could only shake her head and

bok appealingly at Mrs. Blatch.

*Do you really think that militant
methods are more effective than conser-
vative ones, Mrs. Pankhurst?” asked a
tall gray haired woman in a green frock.

“If I didn’t I would hardly have pur-
sued the course I have,” replied Mrs.
Pankhurst with a weary smile.

“What was the hardest thing you ever
did for suffrage?” asked a petite young
woman who said she came from

*The hard part would be not to be doing
anything,” she added.

“Isn't that a noble sentiment?” whis-
pered several women.

“I believe in suffrage,” continued the
one from Boston, “but I must confess
that I can't imagine myself starving in
prison for it.”

For the first time during the interview
Mrs. Pankhurst’s eyes flashed.

“Ah,” she exclaimed, “you don't believe
enough!”

“But, do you think the American women
are going to get the vote before you do?”

several voices.

“I really am not in @ position to express
an opinion on that subject,” was the
reply. “I don’t know anything about
American politics, but I am sure if you do
get it before we do you will have to get
it very quickly, for we expect to get it
before the Liberal party go out of
power if they stay in their natural length
of time two years longer. You see it
‘8 Impossible for you to understand our
to-called militancy unless you know
something of English politics. No re-
form is attained except by bringing
Pressure to bear on the Government,
and to do this we must arouse the voters
Now you can’t go to a workingman and
ask him to vote contrary to the prin-
ciples he has held for years just because
you want him to. But hundreds of work-
ingmen, however, have been converted
‘o our cause by the women going to
Prison. Every sensational move that we
make is designed to arouse the sympathy
of the voters against the Government.
We go to every by-electiqn and try to
defeat the Government candidate in
order to make the Government see that
they are losing ground with the voters.
That is the only thing ‘that ever really
influences the Ministry.”

Mrs. Pankhurst denied that Gen. Booth
had told her just how to run the Social
and Political Union, but admitted that
the organization of the society was very
much like that of the Salvation Army.
Jn reply to a question as to what would
become of the suff{gette army when the
Vote was granted to women he said that
the supposed they would become good
working politicians.

“Do you think there will be any blood-
shed in this struggle you are waging
*gainst the Liberals?” demanded a woman
who had not spoken before.

“T hope not,” said the leader indiffer-
ently. “There are, however, many women
who are ready to give their lives for the
Catise if necessary.”

When asked what were the principal
arguments now urged against granting
the ballot to women Mrs. Pankhurst said
that she didn’t hear any arguments at
all, but that she encountered a great deal
of prejudice.

At this point the crowd began an ex-
amination of the various badges worn
by their victim. One was a silver minia-
ture of the Boadicea monument and there
was another in the shape of a medal in-
reribed “42H, 4," in memdry of cell
*he cccupied during her terms in aioe

Will you have to go to prison when you

4

 
      

 

#0 back?” inquired a questioner sym-
pathetically :

“That hasn't been decided yet,” said
Mrs. Pankhurst. “It all rests upon the
question as to whether the Bill of Rights,
which grants the privilege of presenting
& petition in person, is pronounced obsolete
or whether it is to still form part of the
law of England. I don't much care which
way it comes out. On the one hand Mr.
Asquith and the Government will be
judged guilty of illegal imprisonment,
and on the other hand they will have
ninety-four women to sentence.”

“Why, your cloak is lined with green
and white and purple plaid!” exclaimed
& woman whose attention had been wan-
dering. “Ien'tit lovely, andsoappropriate!
Could I get some, I wonder?”

“I am afraid you couldn't,” said Mrs.
Pankhurst smilingly. “This coat is made
of a cloth woven specially for me and it
can't be bought in the shops.”

Mrs. Pankhurst leaves for Boston this
morning on the 10 o'clock train. She will
speak to-night in Tremont Temple and
to-morrow night in Worcester. She will
return to town Sunday in time for the
reception whicl the National Suffrage
Association is to give her at the Belmont
headquarters at 505 Fifth avenue, and on
Monday night she will be the principal
speaker at the mass meeting to be held
in Carnegie Hall under the auspices of
the Equality League for Self-Supporting
Women. She will then start on her
lecture tour, the object of whith is to
raise funds forthe English campaign.

HOOK WORM IN UNIVERSITY.

Geergia State Scheel Pupils AMiicted
With the Parasite.

ATHENS, Ga., Oct. 20.—The prevalence
of the hook worm among students of the
University of Georgia is causing the
faculty alarm and a campaign has been
determined upon to eradicate the little
Parasite.

Dr. J. C. Bloomfield, president of the
eity board of health, has been examin-
ing the students at the request of the
faculty, and he reports that at least 30
per cent. of the boys are suffering from
hook worms.

Many of those examined, Dr. Bioom-
field said, are members of wealthy families,
which, in his opinion, disoredit the belief
that the disease is only prevalent among
the poor. Some of those afflicted with
hook worm are members of the university
football team, and physicians say that the
hook worm is undoubtedly responsible
for the poor showing the team is making,
as one effect of the parasite is extreme

Since Dr. Bloomfield’s report the
faculty bas been looking into class etand-
ing of those afflicted with hook worm,
and in every case their standing is lower
than those who are free from hook worm.

 

 

GIRL WITNESS LIED.

Admits There Was No Basis for Charge on
Which Man Was Sentenced te 20 Years.
Rome, Ge., Oct. 20.—-Three weeks ago
John Worthington, a well to do planter,
was convicted of assaulting Rosa Elrod,
the eeventeen-year‘old daughter’ of «
neighbor, and was sentenced to the peni-
tentiary for twenty years.
Rosa Elrod was practically the only
witness against Worthington
Worthington stoutly denied the crime
and said there was a plot to ruin him,
Two days ago Rosa Elrod went to
Worthington’s attorneys and made affi-
davit she had perjured herself. She
said she loved Worthington, but he re-
fused to marry her and she took revenge.
Her confession has caused so much
bitterness against the Elrods that they
have left the country.

 

BIG WATER TOWER FALLS.

White Piains Waked Up and Twe Batid-
ings Wrecked by Rush of Water.

Waite Puatns, Oct. 20.—The 100 foot
steel water tower of the White Plains
Water Company, located on North Broad-
way on one of the highest pointe in the
town, collapsed to-night. The collapse
was attended with a loud report and
residents rushed from their homes to see
what had happened. They were met by
a flood which soon filled many cellars
and formed ¢ small lake in the vicinity.

The rush of water destroyed two build-
ings and badly damaged two others, One
of them was moved twenty feet from its
foundation.

Without any warnigg the tower buckled
fifteen feet from ite and crashed to
the ground. A water famine resulted in
the high points of the town until the
water company could pump into the
mains. The chief of the fire department
went to the scene and had the pressure
put on so that in case of fire the village
would not be at the mercy of the flames.

The tower was built in 1896 at a cost of
$25,000. A new tower will have to be con-
structed at once.

DEER IN SULLIVAN OOUNTY.

Twenty Killed im Falisburg Since the
Seasoned Opened Four Deys Ago.
Twenty deer have been killed in the
town of Falisburg, Sullivan county, since
the opening of the season four days ago.
It is expected that the number killed will
reach 100 before October 81, the close of
the season. A those who got deer
on the first day of the season were
Jokichi Takamine, the well known Jap-
anese of Brooklyn, who a summer
home at Merriwold Park. got a fine
buck. Dr. Takamine’s two sons, Joseph
and Shen. —— brow a down ee
. . Jose! ‘or, of Jersey y
en i down a 260 pound buck to-day
and William Rogers of New York secured
two does.

NEW IN

 

 

 

DIVORCE TRIALS.

 

*NEW YORK, THURSDAY,

eee A tt tat le

   

GERTRUDE M, HUBBARD KILLED

Wipow OF GARDINER HUB-
BARD, THE GEOGRAPHER.

 

 

Attomoediic in Which She Was Riding Wes
Struck by a Strect Car and Ghe Was

Thrown Out, Striking on Her Head
—Fracture of the Skull Catsed Death.

Wasntnoton, Oot. 30.—Mrs. Gertrude
M. Hubbard, the venerable widow of
Gardiner Hubbard, the distinguished
scientist and geographer and founder of
the National Geographical Society, was
injured fatally this evening when the
motor car In which she was riding was
struck by an electric strest car of the
Capital Traction Company. The collision
occurred at five minutes past 6 o'clock,
and Mrs. Hubbard died at the Garfield
Hospital at 6:30 o'clock. At the time of
the tragedy Mrs. Hubbard's car was at
Newoombe street and Connecticut avenue,
extended, near her home, a fine estate
known as Twin Oaks, situated in Woodley
lane. With her in the motor car was her
a oe ee Morristown,

Mrs. Hubbard's car, which was oper-
ated by Alexander Nelson, her chauffeur,
came out of Newoombe street and turned
into Cennecticut avenue directly in front
of Capital Traction Company's car No. 18,
whioh was on its way to Chevy Chase Lake.
The impact threw Mrs. Hubbard out of
her vehicle. She struck on her head and
sustained a fracture of the skull. Mrs.
Nash end the chauffeur were not injured.

Major Eli K. Cole of the United States

bbard and Mrs. Nast. were placed and
taken to Garfield Hosp&al. Mrs. Hub-
bard did not recover consciousness. Up
to a late hour to-night Neleon, Mrs. Hub-
bard's chauffeur, had not been located
by the police, He did not report at either
of the two garages at which Mre. Hub-

when the end came.
Police headquarters received a report

the conductor of the electric car, had
been found by Washington police officers
in the Chevy Chase car barna in Marviand.
Acting on the advice of the officials of the
company they did not make any state-
ment. They werenot placed under arrest
and promised to appear at the inquest
to-morrow at 11 o'clock.

Nelson was found also.

the effect that he had attempted to run
along a bit of car track, on each side of
which the road was badly torn up, but
failed to reach the good part of the road
before the car struck him. although
he said he believed he had time to do so.
The police were satisfied that Nelson
had made no attempt to get away, and he
was not arrested.

Mre. Hubbard was 84 years old. She

During the lifetime of her husband
and subsequently the Hubbard town
house, at Connecticut avenue and Du Pont

Bradley of New Yotk. Twin Oaks, the
estate on Woodley Lan where she resided,
is situated near Woodley, the former
home of Grovér Cleveland and now oocou-
pied by Senator Francis G. Newlands
of Nevada. Near by is the country place
of Admiral Dewey and there are several
splendid country residences in the neigh-
borhood. Mrs. Hubbard, who received
a comfortable fortune from her husband,
erected as a tribute to his memory the
handsome Gardinet Hubbard Memorial

ton Jr.. of cone te [nen Stee See See, ee

ustioe Morschauser to-day the |is the official home ational
joe directed that a of the evi- | Geographical Society. Mrs. Hubbard’s
denoe | on the endant, who | maiden name was Gertrude M. ;
did so Cotes pe actien. ie | She was the daughter of Robert H.
pom Me pe arved by | MoOurdy of New York. Richard A.

ohneon and wife” of ver, Mass.
*°ftbe davotive and the, uncle went. to
we od the evidenee on the divorce
#( Toe course of Judge Morschauser is re-
as an innovation by lawyers and
is believed t it become a general
oustom in divorce ou ite
throughout the State.

of New York, former president
of the Mutual Life Insurance Company,
is her brother.

FATAL PHILIPPINE TYPHOON.

Many Deaths and Great Damage Re-
ported From Central Lazen.

 

Mantua, Oot. 20.— A typhoon in central
Luzon last Monday wrecked all communi-
cation with the \

OCTOBER 21,

     

Ineo

 

 

 

1909,-—Copyright, 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

     

    

 

 

a

 

 

MRS. GUGGENHEIM TO WED? DARDEN DIVORCE CASE BILLS ee a ren Snes
Friend Gays Rich New Yorker's Proposal jege

 

| but Can't Bring Him To.

AE WAS T@. Hartrorp, Conn., Oct. 20.--One of the
{new etudents at the Connecticut Agri-

* | oultural College at Storrs, Alex. Bargusen

ninenes Riper | of Litehfield, is something of a hypnotist.
un Pettien Be tare, Vas !In 2 spirit of fun he advertised that he

Gave Him 661,000 Before and Boon | | 14 give a show and invited the stu-
After Wedding--She Says It Was to Be | denis to attend.

Invested for Her, but That He Kept It. Among others he hypnotized a fellow

student, Button 8. White, the son of the

Ex Paso, Tex,, Oot. 30.—A divorce case | Rey Herbert J. White of the First Baptist

that has attracted attention in New York, | Church of Hartford. The hypnotizing

New Mexico and California is scheduled | was a complete siicoess and the student

for trial Thursday in Las Cruces, New | was the recipient of considerable praise
siete. ’. for his feat, but when he was ready to

Led Her to Bue to Make Diverce Binding

CRIcaGo, Oct. 20.—“Who is the rich| HUSBAND SAYS
New York man who is backing Mrs. Grace GET 2300000 DOWRY.
B. Guggenheim in her suit to determine
whether she is the wife or the divorced
wife of Wiliam Guggenheim?”

This question has come to be paramount
in the case now beforp Judge Honore
wherein Mrs. seeks to have
it established thet her divorce from Gug-
genheim in 1901 was not Valid.

Mrs. Guggenheim, it is said, is in serious
doubt as to whether she is or is not the
wife of Guggenheim, and for that reason
hesitates to enter into another marriage.

 

ee Maree oer

’ Pewrspar, Ocronen 21, 190.

cloudiness, with rain to-day
to-morrow;

moderate southeast to south winds.

ev) eer ae, PPAR peree *
1. * »! ~~

aeen

ai

warmer to-day;

 

RICE TWO CENTS. —

  

a

 

 

 

INVECTIVE, SARCASM AND EX>
CLAMATION POINTS.
Renews the Charge of Treachery and
Characterizes His Newspapers— Drape |
His Volce to Speak of MeCarren

Subways and Personal Laperty.

Justice Gaynor held centre stage in
the Brooklyn Academy of Music last
night for more than two hours befor’

an audience of about 3,000 persons pré-—

sided over by Former Justice Augustus

 
  
  
    
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   

If it is established that she is the wife
of Guggenheim it is said that she will make
proper application for divorce and when
free will marry some wealthy Easterner.

From one familiar with the case came
this infofmation that Mrs. Guggenheim
will be married as soon as she is confident
that she is legally liberated from Guggen-
heim. She has, this friend uxys, no design
upon his money, nor has she any desire
to invalidate his marriage, since she went
through the proceedings of heing divorced
from, him

“Is it true,” William M. Seabury of New
York, counsel for Mrs. Guggenheim, was
asked, “that she will be married as soon
as it can be established whether she is the
wife of Guggenheim?*

“As counsel for Mrs. Guggenheim it
would be eminently improper for me to
disouss that at this time,” he said. “Just
wait until the close’ of the case and listen

MEREDITH MSS. FOR NEW YORK.

Boaght for $4,000 Frem Old Servant
: Whe Thought Them Vatueless. .
Special Cable Despatch to Tam SUN.
Lonpon, Oct. 20.—-J. Pierpont Morgan

LAST RITES BENEATH A CAR.

Pather Keany Performs Them fer a Little
Giri Crushed by the Wheels.
Ten-year-old Annie Wojiczhowski of

‘16 Essex street, Jersey City, skipped out

of St. Peter’s Parochial School in York
street, that city. at 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon with her books under arm and
joind a group of small schoolmates who
were posing in front of an itinerant pho-
tographer's camera. She amoothed out
the wrinkles in her frock, tucked some
strands of loose hair behind her ears and
then looked solemn.

The “picture man” clioked his machine,
shouldered his tripod and walked off and
little Annie started to go home with her
younger sister tosee if her mother wouldn't
let her buy one of the “lovely pictures.”
She walked around the corner to Grand
street and was crossing the trolley tracks
in front of 8t. Peter's College when a weat-
bound Plank Road car on its way to New-
ark in Gliarge of Motorman Philip McEntee
ran her down. She disappeared under
the fender and was killed by the forward

The Rev. Father Bernard Keany, priest
of &t. Peter's Church, saw the accident
from one of the college windows and ran
out. He was joined by Rev. Father Ma-
grath, president of the college. A news-
paper reporter lifted the fender and Father

 

|

Mrs. Fannie V. Vap Riper Darden
being sued by her husband, James G.

Darden of Albuquerque. The party now | than thirty
in Las Cruces from New York includes | of his hypnotic trance. Since then he has

W. D. Van Vieck, Mrs. F. L. Kirby, Mra.
F. V. Van Riper Darden and companion,
P. J, Britt and valet and K. Van Riper.
James Darden of Albuquerque, in Octo-
ber, 1906, according to his allegations in

the suit, went to New York and stopped Starts for New York Under Her @wn

at the New Netherlands. He meta friend,

James Parson, an assistant cashier of the; he steamship Antilles was floated
Chemical National Bank, and they visited | y
the theatre on October 13, 1906, where | she

Fann Riper Mrs, | and is now on her way to this port.
— oa — eet The United Wireless Company

they met
Burr. Mrg. Van Riper had apartmen
at the Hotel Mario Antoinette.

Next day, Darden alleges, she took him

automobiling. The next day he went/York6 P.M. Cargo intact. All well.”

again. Then he was invited to the Marie
Antoinette for luncheon with Mrs. Van

Riper. She told him there and then, | Marte Corelli Wants to See if They Would

so he says in his bill, that she was heavily
interested in the Phelps-Dodge properties

ment Company, and that she would give | theless she would be willing to enfranchise
him $100,000 worth of stock and more them if they proved able to meet a test

if he needed it.

On October 27 Darden's fiancée alipped Let the suffragettes, she says in effect,
$5,000 into his overcoat pocket while they | acquire a building, furnish it like the
were riding, according to his petition. | House of Commons, and handle for three
On October 28 they were married and on years the same subjects being dealt with

ts bring his victim “to” again he couldn't

do it.
Doctors were called’ in and it was more
ut
hours before White came o' Te dete i ais 7
incisive.

heed in a sort of stupor, Dr. W. L. Hog- a
In the beginning he invited his listeners re

gins of South Coventry was called to see
the student and has been doing all he can
to restore the boy to his norma! condition.

* ANTILLES FLOATED.

 

 

papers and he cited many instances of
Mr.. Hearst's “bellowing” up and down
the Island of Manhattan about issues the
vacuity of which the Tammany candidate
invited his hearers to examine. ;
“Not content with his own newspapers,”
said the candidate in reference to Mr.

Steam With Cargo Intact.

y afternoon off the reef where
been stranded since last week

last
night received the following message from
; ‘newspapers. And he advertises hi

as though he were a patent

or @ nostrum. What would you think
of me here in my home borough if I hired
two columns in the Brooklyn Aagle [Jaa
tice Gaynor said parenthetically that
that paper was so friendly to him that
he wouldn't really have to hire two ool-
umns), and what would me of me
jf I were to hire a paper in this great city

the captain:
“Antilles floated 2:30 P.M. Left for New

 

MOOT PARLIAMENT FORWOMEN.

Eschew Claptrap Orations.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SuN.

disapproval of women in politics. Never-

a year to slobber over me just as though
I,were a patent medicine or a painkiller

which she suggests.

Justice Gaynor here repeated an im
elegant statement which he had made

 

Van Wyck. During about one-third ot Pe

ae a
Ey

Hearst, “he has hired columns in other —

of some kind—or a foolkiller?” oN

Rae
=

ae

al

“
a
oe
ad

ae
a

to go and take a look at William R. Hearst —
and “to look at that face.? He also e- |
ferred to Mr. Hearst's “ragbag” newe- |

a
7
J
'
a
Po
‘i
ie
y

¢

weg
“2

3

7

and then hire a man at the rate of $50,000 —

wt

a

¥

¥
a
“

ae

: » Bhi him $12,000 | by the members of Parliament. nade -
= aa naan Gaaiee 6 ae handed| If the women during that period are| before while speaking on the subject ot
him $5,000 to pay some small expenses | guiltless of any violent claptrap orations,|Mr. Hearst and his campaign. He inti-
of her son, Kenneth Van Riper. if they endure all night sittings without! mated that the whole subject had as

About this time they moved to Pasa- | appearing in the house in their night) wnojeasant, nauseating effect’ on hig
a ela me ee ee eae ee — stomach. f
men ve ;
Om yon bom for ae Whatever Interet the eudinnee ‘aap
Darden concluded to
querque on business,
to go and moved into

iE
sei;
;

re

     

iftr

tried to get rid of her in this way.

In her cross bill she states that the first Trustee of Her Husband's Fstate.

$5,000 she gave him was to close an im-

portant deal in New Mexico which he Mors J. O’Brien, asked Supreme Court
told her must be done and his money cates Dowling yesterday to remove

wasalltied up. The $12,000 was to invest

for her account, other $5,000 to pay |i iad

her son's f which Darden never
paid. The $85,000 was to buy some mort-

pay an overdraft of his at the Knicker-
booker Trust Company in New York.
She claims that when he asked her to
marry him he professed to be worth
$300,000, but had nothing. She asked for

divorce and that all of her property be $42,000. She said that she then complained

restored to her.

In his cross bill to her cross bill he
states that she gave him the $51,000 as
a gift and promised to give him the re-
mainder of $100,000 before he would
agree to marry her. He states that she
is very wealthy in her own name and has
an annual income of over $100,000. He
claims to be a poor man.

NEW NAME FOR SCHOOL LADIES.

“Heroines of Phraseology’’ Whe Don't
Knew Enough te Teach, Says Papa.

 

 

 

her with money was in the bundle alleged
declares been used as a weapon by Mr. Glover

that he would not take her to New Mexico, | ¥9* 20 disclosed.
,|SUIT AGAINST JAMES T. PYLE.

was on the Tammany ticket!
and how nice, and how delicate is the
conscience of this man about the Tam-
many ticket just at present!”

The Tammany candidate here shot in
another innuendo against the independent
candidate whose name appears on the
ticket under the{Goddess of Justice,
seemed to bear out the dread of the blue
stockings that private lives of the candi-
dates were to be made an issue in this

and loss of reputation. How much

to have

 

 

i

Sisterin-Law Wants Him Removed as

Mrs. Mary V. Pyle through her counsel,

her brother-in-law, James T. Pyle, present
of the washing powder company,
as trustee of the estate of her husband,
William 8. Pyle, who died January 1, 1906.

Mrs. Pyle declared that her husband
and his brother owned the Pyle company
equally, and that although the concern
is capitalized for only $400,000 James T.
Pyle took $36,000 in salary after her hus-
band’s death when the profits were only

California—for reasons well
a great many people—about the first

leader of Tammany Hall, to be sent
to Congress; and he was sent to Congress
and he was sent again. You will re-
member this if for nothing else than the
awful holocaust in one of the squares of
the city, where people were killed and
maimed by the explosion of his bombs
and Greek fire and rockets, without whieh
he can do nothing, because he thinks
everybody to be a fool only to be deceived
by his fury and noise.”

The former Justice continued to say
that the habiliments and methods of the
| demagogue have always been Mr. Hearst's
Wherever he goes. He even ventured to
guess that during the time Mr. Hearst
served in Congress he neglected his duties
in the work of building up his ‘ragbag
newspapers."

In this context the candidate for the
Mayoralty had this to say: “This man

of the amount and the next year he took
$25,000. She declares that even this
amount is exorbitant because he geta
half the dividends as well. Decision
was reserved.

BOARD FOR 26 YEARS.

After Furnishing It Sroether-4n-Law
Crager Decides to Sue for It.
Joseph Crager, a retired merchant, has
broyght suit against his brother-in-law,
Joseph Cohen, a real estate man, for
$30,000 for board for twenty-six years.

 

 

he did was to approach Mr. Croker,’ ~

Keany, kneeling under the forward end President McGowan of the Board of | Gohen left Crager’s home in West 180th
of the oar, administered extreme unction | Aldermen received yesterday this oom- street on August 1 last and went to the
to the little girl. Grand street is a busy | munication on a post card: home of another brother-in-law in Mount
truoking thoroughfare and several team-! 81n: The school ladies want a higher| Vernon because he had tired of paying
sters jumped off their wagons and crowded | salary? What for? Suppose your daugh- $25 a week board to Crager for the last

who is so delicate in all these ways, how
delicate is he about keeping his word?
I will say nothing about the promise that
he made to me and which he cannot
and really does not deny, for it is on ree-

around the car with scores of badly fright-| ter (if you have one) is near 14 years old
ened school children. The drivers pulled
off their caps the moment they saw the
priests and reverently dropped to their
knees as the last rites of the Church were
performed, The solemn ceremony was
broken by the sobbing of many children.

When it was over a crowd of young
men, including severa] St. Peter's College
students, said harsh things to the motor-
man and somebody telephoned to the city
hall station for the reserves. The cops
came in a hurry and arrested the motor-
man on a charge of manslaughter. The
body of the girl was- taken home.

 

A BEWILDERED WOMAN KILLED.

She Dodged a Street Car, but Straightway
@ Taxicab Struck Her.

Mrs. Mary Cussan, 61 years old, of
404 West Sixteenth street, became ocon-
by the traffic at Seventh avenue

 

to the police,
Coroner Acro >

 

Triplets Born to a Triplet.
Norwiou, N. Y., Oct. 20.—Tripleta, the
weight of which is lees than

 

onSPEAS MEN LEPP RAT

5

/

eS

and makes the highest sums helped by her
brothers and comes home with a report

card and gets an inefficiency C!_ How would | from Carbondale, Pa., in 1888,
you like it? My daughter came home this| complaint states that Cohen has had
week with such a report. She is dafly five | good board with them ever since. Cohen
howre fo cobeel ond Se to. ciate Dame ta» says in his defence that he has made

je is an intell will in f of "stwo ters,
Every object of btudy has to Ce ee aadns i oastee

sons daily two hours!

be verbally learned by heart, éo is grammar,
arithmetic, geography, which is hardly

taught; where does the teaching come in? | hat account.

More salary they ask, these females, for 200
days teaching? Let these females learn
how to knit a pair of stockings, how to

mend themt These heroines of a = H4 Wyatt H. Ingram Cenvicted of Forging a

should first learn how to teach. nga

scholar of good conduct and sound intelli- New Onuzans, Oct. 20.—Wyatt H.

gence home with a C, bad inefficiency,
shows what we get for our time and money.
Nothing!

Enclosing the card in an envelope
addressed to President Winthrop of the

with,
and I'll pags it along to my friend Win-
throp.”

NEW YORK WOMAN SHOT.

 

Missile Intended for

Mrs. "s Gide.

WaTERsvusy, Oct. 20.—Jennie M. Talbot, | statement by one of the prospecti
wife of E. Talbot, a New York broker, | that some one, had

was accidentally shot this afternoon
near Washington, where with a party
of New Yorkers, including Amos M.
Sweet and wife and Alexander E. Remson,
they went to shoot The shot
came from the gan of heaew. Welton,

| 3, SghtOg a, partridge, sew nothing | iy the out

The shot pierced Mrs. Talbot's left
New Yorkers were travelling in
and th

an e woman
to New this ing.

A @truck Mr. Remeson,
plercing hia \ r

Partridge Pilerces — he using the money in the mean-
time

ord here in his own newspapers and in
every newspaper in Greater New York
that after swinging to and fro betwedén
conscience—if I may properly say that--

year.
Cohen got the Cragers to come here

I should be pleased about it—that I was
a good man and that he was going to
vote for mé, and he advised all members
of the Independence League to vote for
me.
“Mind you, the Independence League
primary had gone in my favor already,,
but he would not allow the convention to
assemble to nominate me. He said his
ballot boxes were stuffad. Every time he
doea.not win it is the eame yellow ery,
‘Fraud, ballot boxes stuffed; M
it, Tammany did it." He must be a sim-
pleton that they can do it so easy on him
[this is a verbatim quotation of the

date’s words}; but who did it over here

stood that he was not to pay board on

 

 

BANKER FOUND GUILTY.

 

Mortgage Note.

Ingram, for six years trust officer of the
Hibernia Bank and Trust Company,

wh defalcations, pqeroenting $120,000,
came to light last July, when he made
three at

The first sensation of the trial was the
‘ve jurors
night bet waht bis ntevemenian
ore 80
on behalf of
Thaw’s Mother Gets New Lawy ers.
Supreme Court Justice Bischoff signed
an_ order subsetitut: Ke
pyran & eet Marea Thee
brought by Dr. Ailan MoLane

Hamilton for services as alienist, in
lace of Morschauser & H it of

is — RN Kel-
opt Rae wi matin Rae ore

Matteawan. }

i

af

 

0 nV lle Tete open

Brooklyn? Didn't I carry his primaries

a

a

i9

iy

a)

a

a

a

+

La

,

an
t