oF

vie tla? oi

 

 

VOL, LXXIL—NO, 241,

MAYOR'S CHARGE,

Says the Pennsylvania B, R.
Threatened Him,

VETOES FRANCHISE BILL.

   

 

 

Railroad’s Men, He Declares, Told
Him They’d Hold Legislature.

ooo

Wouldn't Be “Permitted” to Adjourn, He
Says, Voth Bil ts Repassed if He
Vetoed It-—-Time Has Come, He Thinks,
to Show the Cerporation That It Can-

' not Control New York as It Controls
Pennsyivania and New Jersey —Public
Duty to Resist Such “Insolence”
—Disclaims Any Desire to Mir Up
Feeling Against the Corporations.

Mayor McClellan vetoed yesterday the
bill depriving the Aldermen of all power
over granting franchises. In an accom-
panying memorandum the Mayor, after re-
viewing the legal reasons against the biil,
uses plain language about the influence
of the Pennsylvania Railroad over legisla-
tion and says that its representatives told
him that the Legislature would not be
*permitted” to adjourn until the bills were
passed over his veto.

This part of the memorandum reads:

*Having stated these substantial reasons
inherent in the propositions presented,
J now offer a more important one, although
it arises from an incident in the history of
this legislation.

*The chief cause alleged for the action
of the Legislature is the tardiness of the
Board of Aldermen to act on the applica-
tion of the New York Connecting Railway
Company for a franchise to operate a road
through portions of the city. The New
York Connecting Railway Company is said

Ty

to be controlled by the Pennsylvania Rail-

road Company, and this corporation is the
promoter of the agitation to deprive the
Board of Aldermen of this power over the
granting of franchises.

*I have nothing to do with the merits
of the dispute between them, and my at-
titude would, under the circumstances,
be unchanged, no matter on whose side the
merits were.

*The Pennsylvania Railroad Company
but a few years ago acquired a foothold
in this city, but it seems determined to
exercise jta power over public officials here,
as it hea eleowhers. itetmeraliready made
plain to me its ability to crush al) opposi-
tion to its plans. .

“Ite representatives have come to me
in the Mayor’s office to advise me that if
J did not accept these measures they would
nevertheless be passed over my veto. 1
was urged, should I decide to reject the
bills, to do so promptly, so as not to need-
leasly prolong the session of the Legislature,
which would not be permitted to adjourn
until the bills were repassed.

“This corporation, which has eo long
dominated the States of Pennsylvania
-and New Jersey, should be taught that it
cannot grasp the government of New York
or take away or transfer power from public
bodies who, whether for good or bad
Motives, fail to do its bidding. Resistance
to these mea ures on this ground isa public
duty of the greatest importance.

*I have no desire to inflame any prejudice
e@gainst corporations as such. They have
their rightful purposes. But I believe
¢hat unless such manifest ations of insolence
are rebuked the evils they may engender
‘will imperil the peace and security of our
government."

In beginning his message, the Mayor
gays that the only argument advanced in
favor of the bills was that the Aldermen
had committed an abuse of power in failing
to act with sufficient prornptness on certain
railway franchise applications. On this
point the Mayor says:

“The proposed amendments are designed
either on the theory that such an abuse
of power could not be committed by the
Board of Estimate and Apportionment or
as a punishment to the Board of Aldermen
for its alleged remissness.

“The Board of Estimate an d Apportion-
ment if granted this power is capable of
abusing it, and being composed of fewer
men could do so probably with greater
ease, so that the argument based on the
abuse of power is clearly illogical, and
there is no assurance that much will be
gained by the change.

“If the amendments are proposed as a
punishment of the Board of Aldermen,
the same power may be held in reserve
for the chastisement of the Board of Esti-
mate if it fail to use its authority as may
be thought proper, and so the influences
which can induce and contro! legislation
could continue to shift these functions
from one set of officers or boards to an-
other until one could be found complacent
enough to suit.

“Assuming that the Board of Aldermen
may be at fault, the remedy attempted
is not the proper one, is inconsistent with
our governmental theory and injurious
to public interests.

“The people have the power to replace
unfaithful public servants with faithful
ones. To ‘imply that this method of re-
dress is ineffectual is to doubt the efficiency
for purposes of government of a system
built upon universal suffrage.

“Furthermore, the argument drawn from
ou abuse of power could be urged with
equal force against form of government
and every public officer from the President
down.

“Iam no apologist for any Board of Alder-
men, past or present, and what I say is
based on the common sense of the situa-
tion,

“The Board of Aldermen under various
names has been a continuous body in our
city system from a time long before we
had a State government. While I am
quite clear that its fame has not always
been creditable to itself or to the city, not-
withstanding this fact on every revision
of our Charter, the revisers, always men
of exceptional standing and ability, have
body with the important
function of which this legislation seeks
to deprive it. : If it becomes advisable in

i SS SSS SSS ieee

a eI, I EO LLL LL

m rn Sail
ae ¢ 7-6

INS eee

———

 

++ NEW

the interest of the city to abolish the board |
or curtail its powers, it should be done |
only after mature deliberation, by measures
framed by the city’s most capable and |
jenegrnm | ae citizens with an |
public advantage he
cabts of teint cate. ge and int

r inted private interests should |
find it unavailing to carry their resentment
to the point of inflaming publio prejudices
and inducing the State Legislature to favor
ill considered measures with no real public
good in view.

“ These considerations, however, are not |
the only serious ones which warrant my |
refusal to accept the bills. At the public
hearing before me objections were raised
involving the constitutionality of the meas-
ures. I am not disposed to assume a ju- |
dicial attitude on this question. That is
not necessary. It is sufficient to say that
they raise a doubt which could not be settled
perhaps for years, and then only after long
litigation. Should it transpire in the end
that their contention was right, the city's |
condition would be intolerable, and its
progress, arrested in the interim, might be
retarded for years. It is unwise, if there
were no other reason for objection, to ex-
pose the city to this uncertainty and
danger.”

GOV. HIGGINS IN) TOWN.

One Story Is That He Wants te Know What
to Do About the Mayor's Charge.

Gov. Higgins came down yesterday from
Albany and remained in the city for a
little less than four hours. His hurried
visit led to many rumors aa to its purpose.
One of the reports was that he had come
to talk over the mortgage tax measure,
while another was that he had heard of
the intention of the Mayor to charge that
the Pennsylvania Railroad was able to con-
trol the Legislature, and wanted advice |
on what to do about the franchise bill

$o far aa could be learned the only public
official the Governor saw was Collector
of the Port Stranahan, and aa the Governor
never fails to see him when he is in town
there was not much significance in that.
At the Albemarle Hotel, where the Governor
makes his ieadquarters, it was said that he
had run down from Albany solely for private
business.

 

 

 

 

FAVOR SEGREGATION OF VICE.
Phtladeiphia Grand Jury So Reports—Min-
isters Find Shocking Conditions.

PHILADELPHIA, April 28.—By an odd co-
incidence the committee of seven ap-
pointed at a meeting of clergymen to in-
vestigate conditions in this city gave out
its report for publication to-day at the pre-
cise hour chosen by the April Grand Jury
for the filing of a final pr tment to the
Crimina! Court in which the#Pegregation of
vice and the licensing of houses of ill repute
are recommended.

The report of the ministers’ committee
gays that conditions in the Tenderloin have
been investigated and found to be ab-
solutely intolerable. The committee in-
cluded Bishop Mackay-Smith, Father D. I.
MoDermott, pastor of St. Mary's Catholic
Church, and the Rev. Floyd W. Tomkins,
the reofor of fashionable Holy Trinity.
They say that they personally investigated
conditions.

One part of the report declares that there
has been obtained positive evidence that
a “white slave” syndicate, which barters
young girls for reasonable prices, is flour-
ishing in the city. It is declared that a
check system is used and that the whole
thing goes on with the direct connivance
of the police department.

Mayor Weaver is asked to demand an
explanation from Director of Public Safety |
David J. Smyth. The demand is made |
that the law be enforoed and all the houses
closed up. This is what the April Grand
Jury recommended when it ended its term
to~lay:

“We recommend that houses of ill repute
be licensed within prescribed limits and
under the supervision of the Board of
Health. We are of the opinion that these
places are a necessary evil and that the
only way to dea! with them is to confine
them in one district and to make them as
tolerable as possible.”

TINY GIRL DIED FOR BROTHER,

Run Over by Funeral Coach as She Pushed
Him Oat of the Way).

Tiny Parsannan, 4 years old, started out
yesterday to find her two-year-old brother
Tony, who had wandered away from their
parents’ flat, on the top floor of 209 Fast
Thirty-third street. She located him on

the north side of Thirty-fourth street at
funeral going

Ne

 

 

Third avenue, watching 4
toward the Long Island ferry. }

The little girl couldn’t wait for the long |
line of carriages to pass. She grabbed her
little brother's hand as she saw an opening
in the line wide enough to pass. ne two
children darted through. They were near-
ing the opposite curb when one of the
teams, frightened by the rumble of an
elevated shuttle train overhead, broke
from the line and started toward them,
plunging frantically.

Tony at the same moment jerkea away
from his ciator’s Geep to pick up a big
oran that roll from a comer fruit
stand and stopped at his feet. The girl
tried to pull him to the curb. Her strength |
failing her, she ran behind him and pushed
him out of harm's way. At the same in-
stant one of the horses struck her down
and the next moment the wheels of the
heavily laden coach rolled across her chest.

Capt. Shire and Detectives Winters and
Kane, who were standing at the corner
when the team took fright, ran to stop it.
Winters grabbed the nearest horse and
clung to the bridle, while Capt. Shire picked
up the unconscious girl and carried her to

the corner drug store.

When Dr. Drury arrived from Rellevue
Tiny was breathing, but faintly. He ran
his hand over the crushed little y, ther

shook his head.

“We'll take her home if you know where
it is,” he told Capt. Shire.  *She won't live
to reach the hospital.”

Capt. Shire learned the child's address |
from the corner fruit seller and volunteered |
to ca her in his arms. j

. aps it won't be so hard for the |
mother if I carry her home and explain
how the brave litfle thing died,” he said.

John Titus of 207 East 104th street, driver
of the runaway team, was arrested and held |
in $1,000 bai) in Yorkville court. The oo-
oupants of the coach climbed into other

carriages and went on.
CRUSHEDTO DEATH RY BIG PIPE.

Boy Started It Rolling and Then Fell in
Proent of tt.

James Burns, the fourteen-year-old son

of Policeman Michael Burns of the Oak-

land avenue station in City, was

crushed to death last night by a large iron |
water pips a Bright arrest. t city. He

of severa

pipe } py By ey

weighing over a ton rolled, throwing him

fiat on the ground. The pie famed over

him, ca instant death. He lived at

248 Varick "

OLD POINT COMFORT, RICHMOND AND

WASHINGTON

s
Pn

_ oh

‘to have the same control and supervision

| lature
| himself, his Republican colled@gues and hi«

| Senator Stevens carried with so much
care, embracing 35,000 words.
‘The Odell triumvirate, Speaker Nixon

' YORK, SATU

  
     

REPORT CUTS GAS T0 75 CENTS

STEVENS COMMITTEE ALSO LOW.
ERS PRICE OF ELECTRICITY,
—_—_—_—

Establishment of a State Lighting Com-
mission of Three Recommended With
Power to Fix the Standard of (Quality
—The Bilis Wen't Ge In Until Monday.

 

ALBANY, April 28.—The Stevens New
York city lighting investigating committee
to-night held a four hours’ session lasting |
until midnight and formally adopted its |
report, which will be submitted to the
Legislature to-morrow. The report recom-
mends the reduction in the price of gas

| from $1 to 75 cents per thousand feet, a |

reduction in the price of electric light from |
15 centa to 10 cents a kilowatt and the estab- |
lishment of a State Lighting Commission,

of gas and electric lighting corporations in
the State as the State Railroad Commission
has of railroad corporations.

The committee's report will recommend
legislation permitting New York city to
establish a municipal electric lighting plant
using only the power which can be gen-
erated from the water which is impounded
in Ulster county and to an extent sufficient |

|

only for the purposes of increasing New
York city's water supply to an adequate
supply

This the committee believes will not be i
more than sufficient to afford electrical |
energy to supply the lighting facilities |
required by the city only. This precludes
New York city from taking water from
Ulster county to an extent that will enable
the city to supply electric light to private
consumers

The Public Service Commiasion is to com- |
prise three members, to be appointed by
the Governor, and its powers and authority |
will be similar to that exercised by the |
Massachusetts Lighting Commission. Be- |
sides the above recommendations the com- |
mittee’s report makes others giving the pro-
posed new State Public Service Commission
authority to fix a standard of light to be |
furnished and to make rules regulating the
pressure of air through gas pipes. }

The committee in its report points out |
that it is just es important that the gas |
companies should be supervised by acentra! |
State authority regarding the quality and
quantity of gas that is pushed through a |
pipe as it is to fix a low price. |

The minority taembers read the report
for the first time to-night, which was re-
sponsible for the lengthy meeting of the |
committee. They left the committee meet- |
ing without signing the report, and it is ex-
pected that they will submit a minority
report. Although it is said that the report
will be submitted to the Legislature to-
morrow, it was said that the bills carry-
ing out the recommendations of the com-
mittee will not be introduced until Monday
night, ae they are still in the course of
preperation.

Assemblyman Merritt insisted upon one
thing in regard to the State blic Service
Commission, and that “was “tat the éx-
penses of the Commission should be paid
out of the State Treasury, and not assessed
pro rata upon the lighting corporations,
as are the expenses of the railroad com-
mission and the banking and insurance
departments, which are paid by the cor-
porations which they supervise respec-
tively :

The committee makes a strong recom-
mendation concerning the inspection of
gas and electric meters and devolves the
duty of performing this inspection upon
Commissioner Oakley of the New York
city Department of Water Supply, Gas and
Electricity

The delay in introducing the bills carrying
out the recommendations of the committee
is the result of an attempt to draft general
measures which will not necessitate them
being sent to Mayor McClellan for his
approval, as would have to be done with |
purely city measures, It is believed that |
some of the bills to carry out the recom-
mendations of the committee cannot be
framed except in a manner which will |
necessitate them being sent to Mayor ,
McClellan as city bills.

Senator Stevens and his colleagues were
too zealous for their own welfare in sitting
up all night at the Fifth Avenue Hotel in
New York last night in order to get out the
report. Senator Stevens supposed that the
report was to be handed in to the Legis-
to-day. For that reason he had

 

counsel work until 4 o'clock this morning
on the report. Then they hustled for the
Empire State Express, hoping to get here
before the Legislature adjourned

But they were frustrated at every point.
The Odell triumvirate of legislative leaders
wanted to see that report before it was
banded in ana they did not propose to let

the Legislature see it until they had cast
their eagle eyes over the secrets contained
in the voluminous looking document that

and Senators Raines and Malby, had yes- |
terday impressed upon the members of the |
Legislature that to-day would be a regular
working day of both houses instead of the
usual short session that characterizes |
Fridays, and each hovee had a calendar of
bills ut something changed that pro-
gram, for to-day was a most unimportant
one in legislative matters. Speaker Nixon
rushed through the calendar of the Assembly
keeping one eye on Majority Leader Rogers
and the other on the clock all the time.

The Empire State Express is due in Albany
at 11:13 o’clook. At 10:44 o’clook the As-
sembly adjourned until to-morrow morn-
me & 10 o'clock.

soon as the Stevens committee reached
here it went to the Hotel Ten Eyck, and |
then Senator Stevens called up Senator |
Raines on the telephone and told him the
report was ready to be presented. He had
telegra Senator Raines to this effect |
before he left New York. Before the com-
mittee could go the two blocks from the
hotel to the Capitol the Senate had ad- |
journed.

The minority members of the committee
Senator Grady and Assemblyman Palmer,
read — report. Senator

to permit the Democratic committeemen
to read the report. At that hour the Odell
triurnvirate entered the Senate Finance
Committee room and considered the report
with the Republican members, the Demo-
cratic members be’ excluded.
After the triumvira

Senator Stevens called

when the ,
by Attorney Hughes, were whisked up in

agit
SESTRsgs Reese !

oer oS Seer ee Senator
the fore y ae first time had
an ity to see what was in the
. While the committer femaion
to the nent and .
‘Btevens concerning the report.
i .
- q
‘ »

 

| office at 30 Broad street at

| putting a price on it.

| Policeman Kupfrian

a a _—

   
 

UNTERMYER'S AUTO HELD UP.

Too Speedy, Said the Cop —Friend's Warn:
ing te Lawyer Came True,

Samuel Untermyer, the lawyer, left his
5:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and started for his
home in Yonkers in his automobile, As he
started away a friend yelled after him:

“Look out, now, and don't get arrested
for speeding.”

“No fear,”
always go slow.”

Henry Seenson, the lawyer's driver, ran
the machine and he went north on Broad-
way. At Seventieth street he let out @
notoh and two blocks further on Bicycle
Policeman Kupfrian of the West Sixty-
eighth street station avers that the Unter-
myer automobile was fracturing the speed
law. Kupfrian chased it, and at Seventy-
eighth street overhauled the machine.

When he stopped it Mr. Untermyer seemed
surprised, and then, when he thought of

 

cried back the lawyer, “5

| the warning of his friend when he started

off, he had to grin. The driver ran the car
to the West Sixty-eighth street station
escorted by the bike cop. Mr. Untermyer
said he wanted to give bail for Seenson
and asked the desk sergeant how much
was required.
sufficient.
“Then 1 guess my house at 675 Fifth
avenue will cover it?” said Mr, Untermyer.
He gave the house as surety without
Then he started away
to resume his interrupted trip to Yonkers.

DUKE AND DRIVER TOO SWIFT.

panne
Tobaceo Man Held Up on Trial Trip of
New tmported Auto.

Romar Grasser of 30 West Sixty-sixth
street, who drives an automobile for J. B
Duke, president of the American Tobacco
Company, was arraigned in the West Side
court yesterday, charged with running
his machine at twenty-two miles an hour
The automobile was a brand new 40 horse-
power car that Mr. Duke had just paid the
duty on and he was taking his initial spin
in it at the time of the arrest. Bicycle
of the West Sixty-
eighth street station, who made the arrest,
said that he followed the machine from
Riverside Drive and Seventy-second street
to Broadway and Sixty-eighth street

The arrest was made within a couple
of blocks of Mr. Duke's residence at 11
Weat Sixty-eigh'h street. He asked the
policernan to allow him to be taken home
as he was lame. Kupfrian went along and
Mr. Duke sent his valet with $100 cash to
the police station, to bail Grasser out

The dnver is French and had difficulty
in understanding Magistrate Crane, whose
usual lecture wag totally wasted on him.
He asked Grasser if he ever stopped his
machine to allow pedestrians to cross the
road in front of him, or if he tooted his
horn and expected them to run for their
lives. After some trouble, Grasser com-
prehended the question and said he had
stopped to let people cross in front of him.

“If you ever did,” said Magistrate Crane,
“you deserve the biggest medal in New
York.”

—Craseer was held in $300 bail for trial.

Benjamin N. Duke, brother of J. B.
Duke, appeared to bail out Grasser.
said that his brother's lameness was oc-
casioned by a recent surgical operation
on his foot. As security for CGrasser he
gave the $500,000 house at Eighty-second
street and Fifth avenue.

 

 

SCHWAB'S CONTRACTS.

 

Guarantees to Increase the Efficiency of
the Russian Fleet.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sux.

Lonpon, April 20.—The newspaper core
respondents are busy sending from St.
Petersburg rumors concerning the nego-
tiations of Charles M. Schwab with the
Russian Government, The correspondent
of the Standard says Mr. Schwab offered
to build several warships of 16,000 tons bur-

den, guaranteeing 20 per cent. greater
efficiency than existing vessels of the
same tonnage. They would be of the

cruiser type, with the fighting value of
battleships
According to the correspondent, the offer

is made possible by the discovery of a secret |

structural process, which, it is understood,
consists of using an extremely strong stee!
composition, which permits the weight of
vessels to be lessened. The vessels, more-

over, would combine high speed with a |

wide steaming radius, and would mount
the heaviest guns

The St. Petersburg correspondent of Tue
Sun is informed that the contract has not
been concluded, but the Standard’s corre-

| spondent speaks of a preliminary contract,

under which some of the vessels will be

| built in America.

BIG GUARD IN ST. PETERSBURG,

 

Arrests Made in Anticipation of
Rioting on Sunday.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THER Sun
Paris, April 28.--One hundred thousand
troops are massed in St. Petersburg in

Many

! anticipation of popular disturbances on

May 1. Last night 1,500 arrests were made.

Governor-General Trepoff has issued an
order enjoining the populace to pay no
attention to rumors of what may be ex-
pected next Sunday. He says that any
attempt to create a disturbance will be
ruthlessly suppressed.

 

IN FRED H. WILSON'S BEHALF.
Strong Political Influence to Secure His
Reinstatement in Indian Warehouse.

Wasninoton, April 28.—Strong political
influence is being brought to bear on the

 

Interior Department to secure the rein- |
F recently |
dismissed as inspector in charge of the |

statement of Fred H. Wilson,

indian warehouse at New York. Senator
T. C. Platt and two or three Republican
members of the House from New York
have written Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock urging Wilsons reinstatement,
and it is understood that Senator Nathan
B, Scott of West Virginia and Cornelius N
Biias of New York, treasurer of the Repub-
lican nationa! committee, have interestod
themselves in the case. Wilson has been
employed
quarters in the last two national cam-
and has rendered the party services
of euch a character as to command strong
influence now.

It was said at the Interior Department
to-day that, instead of securing reinstate-
ment. Wilson will more likely be prosecuted
for alle irre ies in his manage-
ment of the warehouse. It was declared

emphatically that Wilson will not be re- |

stored to the Government empjoy, and that
the question as to whether he Will be prose-
cuted depends solely on the character of
the evidence that can be procured against
him. The evidence gathered by the in-
spector who investigated his case, it was
asserted, was sufficient to bring about
ee there is a quection whether
it of a racter that will justify legal
proceedings.

————_—_—_————————
Ineies upon heving Barnett's Vantlia.—Aér.

The sergeant said §100 was |

He |

at Republican nationa) head- |

 

 

| PADEREWSKI SERIOUSLY ILL.
{

| STRICKEN WITH NEURITIS AND
| ENGAGEMENTS CANCELUD.,

 

| His Neck and Arms Affected and He Must
| Stop Playing—Physician Won't Sa)
| How Long—Setved With Sudden Pains

at Concert in Canada—Satis May 10.

Burraio, April 28.—Ignace Paderewski,
j the pianist, was stricken with neuritis
| while playing at London, Ont., Thurs-
| day evening, and all engagements for
the rest of his tour have been canceled.
His neck and arms are affected, but his
physician would not state how serious
his condition is or how long his playing
would be interrupted. He is now on his
way to Boston.

The pianist was playing a difficult piece
when he was seized with terrific pains in
his neck, and for a moment the intense
pain sickened him. He finished the per-
formance, however, and went to his private
ear, When he reached Hamilton, Ont.,
j this morning, on his way to Niagara Falls,
where he was scheduled to play to-night,
his condition was so serious that bis friends
telegraphed for Dr. Francia E. Fronczak,
a Polish physician of Buffalo, who had
| attended him before, to meet the train at

 

ithe Falls,

Dr. Fronevak, afcer a brief examination
announced positively that all engage-
ments must be canceled, There were

ten on the schedule, The car was hooked

lon immediately to a through train for
' Boston. It passed through Buffalo bound
| forthe Kast this afternoon. Dr. Fronczak
went along.

Dr. Fronezak said that Paderewski was
suffering from neuritis, affecting his head
and neck, When he reached Niagara
Falls this morning his arms were stiff.

The concert at London was the seventy
sixth of the artist's present tour. Next
| Sunday night he was to have played with

the Boston Symphony Orchestra in Boston
| at its benefit and next Tuesday he was to
have appeared at the benefit to Mod jeska
in New York at the Metropolitan Opera
House.

Paderewski himself had arranged the
Modieska benefit and was on the program
for about a dozen numbers. His inability
to play at the benefit of his countrywoman
was a severe blow, He lamented it bitterly
when he heard the doctor's dictum.

Paderewski will sail for home on May
10, his managers decided to-day after a
conference with Dr, Fronezak. His plans
beyond that will depend on his condition,
but he may rest a year or 80 and devote his
tire to composition. This was his sixth
American tour.

 

Daniel Frohman received a telegram
from Mrs. Paderewski last night saying
that her husband had broken down com-
pletely and was in bad shape and would
require a long rest before he could appear
in public again. It would be absolutely
impossible for ber
next Tuesday at the benefit to his country-
woman, Mme. Modjeska.

Mr. Paderewski must be very sick if he
| has given up all hope of appearing at the
Modjeska benefit, for he was one of the

prime movers in getting it up. Daniel
= is to manage it,and Paderewski

pe EE

was to be the star of the occasion.

As soon as he received the telegram
from Mrs. Paderewski, Manager Frohman
went scurrying to try and fill the gap left
vacant, Late last night De Pachmann,
the pianist, agreed to play and Mr. Froh-
man hopes to get at least two other eminent
pianists.

Paderewski was to have been the best
man at the wedding of his pupil, Ernest

| Schelling, to Miss Lucy Draper of 604 Fifth
avenue. This marriage is to take place
on May 3. Miss Draper said last night that
she didn’t think Paderewski was as ill as
the early reports said. She based her
views on a telegram that had been received
at her home last night, Miss Draper said

| that Mr. Schelling was in town and that even |

| if Paderewski could not appear at her wed-
ding that wouldn't postpone it

BROUGHT HORSE TO ITS KNEES.

 

Polleeman Taylor Stops a Runawa) in a
Husy Brooklyn Street.

Alexanler M. Taylor of the mounted
traffic squad on duty at the Borough
Ilall, Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon saw
a runaway home dash down Remsen
| street and turn into Court street, heading
| toward the cab stand alongside the park.

He was on foot, his horse being sick, and he
| sprang at the runaway, getting 4 firm hold
lon the bridia The horse, which was
attached to a heavy delivery wagon owned
by the Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company,
continued running, dragging the officer
and finally dashing headlong into a bansom,
upsetting the cab and horse attached
and badiv damaging both.

The frightened animal, excited by the
shouts of men and the struggles of the
officer, who still clung to the bridle, did not
stop, but turned and attempted to con-
tinue his run down Court street toward
the crowded crossings at Montague street.
Taylor had recovered from the blow that
ibe received when he was forced against
the cab and thrust his left fist against
the windpipe of the running borse with
such force as to bring him to hfs knees.

The plucky action of the officer was
witnessed and cheered by a large crowd,
several of whom hurried to his assistance
when the horse fell and helped him to hold
the animal when he ‘struggled to his feet.
Taylor was badly bruised about the body
and legs, and bis uniform was almost torn
from him. He was sent to his home and
placed on the sick list. The incident was
witnessed by Sergt. McCarthy, who is in
charge of the traffic squad in Brooklyn.

 

| TWICE HIT BY HIS OWN GUN,

Austrian Merchant Arrested for Carrying
i After It Shot Him.

Matthew Bussanich, 46 years old, a leather
merchant from Vienna, Austria, stopping
i the Hotel Lafayette-Brevoort, Fifth
| avenue and Eighth street, was arrested

by Poiiceman Brown of the Oak street
| station ast night on a charge of carry-

ing a concealed weapon,

a iananioh was running through Frank-

fort street when a loaded .38 caliber revolver

fell from bis pocket. As the gun struck

| the pavement a cartridge in one of the
chambers exploded, | bullet struck
Kussanich on the left wrist, inflicting a
! painful wound

Policeman Brown summonéd a surgeon
from the Hudson street hospital, who ex-
tracted the bullet. Bussanich was then
taken to the Oak street station, ¥ be
said that Theodore Minzenheimer, a lec ther
merchant; of 97 Gold street, his friend,
and would bail him out. He said he dida’t
know he was violating a law in carrying

f + beailed Inte,

 

 

 

Tosband to appear here |

Showers

= ‘

LE  — — —

 

   
      

       
 

| THE PRESIDENT TAKES A REST.

Will De Ne More Hunting Until Monday,
but Denies That He fs tl.

GueNwoop Sprixos, Col, April 2.—
President Roosevelt did not participate
in the hunt to-day, according to a telephone
message received from 4 rancher living
close to Camp Roosevelt. It is further
stated that he intends to rest until Monday.

The President communicated with Secre-
tary Loeb this afternoon and gave & quietus
to the reporta that he is in ill health. His
message came over the telephone, the
President dictating it to Courier Chapman,
who rode from the camp to a nearby ranch.
The President's message in part was as
follows:

“We got four bears yesterday.
well.”
| The rest of the President's message
related to public matters and was to-night
|
|

All are

communicated to Secretary of War Taft.

 

FIGHTING CRETE.

Three Insurgents and One Gendarme
Killed -The Peasants Are Arming,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Canra, Crete, April 28.—In the fight at
Vonkolies between a number of insurgents
and fifty gendarmes three of the insurgents
One gea-

IN

 

were killed and six wounded.
darme was killed and three wounded. The
populace burned the police station, Four-
teen gendarmes are missing. The peasants

are arming.

SUNDAY BALL TEST CASE.

 

Catcher Ritter and Pitcher Kason of the
Brooklyn Club to Be Tred,

By the arrest of Louis Ritter, catcher,
and Wallace W. Eason, pitcher of the Brook-
lyn Basebal! Club. for alleged violation of
the Sunday law by participating in the
game at Washington Park last Sunday,
the whole question involved will be again
submitted to judicial review.
| Ritter and Eason were arraigned yester-
day before Magistrate O'Reilly in the

Adama street court, but at the request

of former Police Commissioner Bernard J.

York, counsel for the club, the examina-

tion went over to May 6. The testimony

for the prosecution has heen obtained by

 

 

 

|} the Kings County Sabbath Observance
| Association.
| INTERBOROUGH RAISES WAGES.

All Gatemen and Guards to Get an Increase
in Pay on May 1.

The Interborough Rapid Transit
pany notified the gatemen and guards on
the elevated railroads and the subway
yesterday of an increase of wages beginning
May 1. It had been the intention of the
company before the strike to raise the
wages, but the men did not know that it
would be carried out.

All first year gatemen are to be increased
: from $1.40 to $1.50 per day, all firet class

guards on the rolls on May 1, 1905, will be
advanced to second year rate, $1.10 per
day. Men employed as or promoted to
guard after May 1, 1905, will receive $1.55
per day, the regular first year guard's rata,

General Manager Hedley, who notified
the men ofthe increase in wages, aaid to a
Sun reporter last evening:

“When the men were being taken on an

| attoupt was made apparently to create

the impression that we were going to cut

wages. We intend to have our men the

highest paid in the country for the work

they are doing. The year’s seniority will

prevail equally among all who have been

;} employed and would be entitled to it by
May |, whether strikers or not.”

FORGERY NO CRIME IN INDIANA.

Omiaston of a Definition In New Criminal
Code Leaves No Law tn Force.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 28
was made to-day that forgery has ceased
to be a crime in Indiana, owing to the omis-
sion of its definition in the new criminal
| come, which was adopted by the recent
| Legislature and went
|} days ago. The mort careful searching
| of the printed act fails to disclose any defi-

Com-

 

 

 

 

alties fixed for ite commission, and it is the

as the Criminal Code act contains a section
declaring that “all laws within the purview
of this are hereby repealed,” there is no law

punished,

| The omission was discovered by the
| class in the law college. The omission will
| affect persons now Under indictment for the
crime, as there is no law under which they

pealed.

 

 

| ieee
Discovers Pian to Place Dynamite on Tracks
| and Is Badly Beaten.
Unrontown, Pa., April 28.—A deliberate
| attempt todynamite at Le Mont on Wednes-
day night the Pennsylvania Railroad
| passenger train due here at 7:47 P. M. was
frustrated by a woman and is being in-
vestigated by officers of the company.
Mrs. Sadie Lewis of Le Mont has reported
to the officers that she heard two men say

sylvania Railroad and that they planned
to place dynamite on the tracks.

men started toward the railroad, and

followed them. Seeing that they were
discovered, the men beat her unmerci-
fully, threw her across the track and ran.
Mrs. Lewis was unconscious fora few mor
ments, but recovered as she heard the train
| approaching. By the light of the engine
she saw the sticks on the rail, brushed
them aside and escaped with only a few
seconds to 6 Uniontown officers were
notified. They found Mrs. Lewis badl
beaten, her head severely cut and both
eyes badly swollen.

 

PLANS FOR ALL NIGHT BANK.

An Eleven Story Buliding
Cost £350,000,
The plans for the proposed new all night
bank to be erected at the southeast corner
of Fifth avenue and Forty-fourth street
have been filed with Building Superintendent
Hopper for “The Firat Day and Night State
Bank" as owner. W. H.
president of this compauy.

 

Propesed, to

The building is to be an eleven story and !

basement fireproof edifice, the upper stories
being fitted for offices. It will front 105
feet on the avenue and 65 feet on the street,
and will have a facade of ornamental! brick

trimmed with South Dover white marble. |

| The entrance will be adorned with two
large Corinthian columns supporting a
Tes cost PP ootimated at $380
ma’ at ,000 by Hen
Ives Cobb, the architect. It is to be built
Wy, the V. d. Company of

magic “hetown hs ths Remnmaae, AS

 

The discovery |!

into effect a few |

nition of the crime of forgery or any pen- |

opinion of many lawyers that, inasmuch |

in force by which such a crime can be |

can be tried, the old law having been re- |

that they had a grievance against the Penn- |
The |

Mrs. Lewis, hoping to thwart their plana, |

Chesebrough is |

BATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1905.
to-day and to-morrow, with
temperature.

a

rising 7

 

PRICE TWO CENTS,

 

EVIDENCE ALL IN.

No Witnesses to Be Called in
Nan Patterson's Defense.

eel

SISTER STANDS BY HER.

 

Mrs. Smith Rejects Rand's Offer
to Dismiss Indictment.

 

Condition Was That She Should Freely
Answer His Questions —Prosecution
Gets {mn Evidence Tickets Showing
That the Smiths Pawned Bracelets
and Ring at Hyman Stern's, Where
the Revolver Was Bought —-Sister of
the Aecused on the Stand Most of Day

—Mre. Young Only Other Witness.

Nan Patterson, through her counsel,
has decided to leave her fate with the jury
without making any defense to the charge
that on the morning of June 4 last she mur-
dered Bookmaker Casar Young in a cab.
This decision was arrived at yesterday
afternoon after the prosecution had put
in its case and after a lot of new evidence,
considered to be very damaging to the
chorus girl, had been introduced.

From the prosecution's standpoint the
principal witness against the prisoner was.
her sister, Mrs. Julia Smith, the wife of J.
Morgan Smith. Three pieces of jewelry,
two of which had beea given to her by
her mother, Mrs. Smith identified as be-
longing to her. Pawnticketa were ad-
mitted in evidence showing that the jewelry
had been pawned in Hyman Stern's pawn-
shop, where the revolver was bought on
June 3, the day before Young was killed.
Mrs. Smith swore that she had given the
jewelry to her husband to pawn, but that
she didn't know where he had pledged it.

The pawatickets were dated Uct. 5, 1004,
and by a number of questions Assistant
District Attorney Rand tried to show that
they were renewal tickets. It was not
contended by Mr. Rand that the jewelry
had been pawned the day before the shoot-
ing, although in a series of questions in an
attempt to confuse Mrs. Smith he asked
her if she didn’t know that the jewelry had
been pawned on that day. When Mr. Levy
demanded of Mr. Rand to produce any
pawntickets dated June 3 Mr. Rand ad-
mitted that he hai none.

BRAND'S PROMISE TO FREE MRS. SMITH,

All this testimony was brought out after
Mr. Rand had promised Mrs. Smith to free
her from the indictment for cons piracy
if she would answer his questions about
what happened after she and her husband
left this city soon after Young was killed
and a day or two before Nan Patterson waa
indicted.

Mr. Rand had asked Mrs. Smith if she
left this city on June 8, four days after
Young was killed. She answered that she
would be pleased to tell if it were not that
she was under indictinent for conspiracy
and that any answer she made might tend
| to degrade or convict her of a crime With
{his arms out stretched and in a pleading
{ tone Mr. Rand walked until he was directly
|
|

in front of the witness

“And is that your oniv reason?” he asked.
She paused, shifting her eyes from her
sister to Mr. Levy.

“Yas, sir, itis,” she answered hesitatingly.

Mr. Rand stepped back and in a solemn
tone told her that he was the Acting Dist rict
Attorney and that he would guarantee that
if she answered his questions he would
immedietely have the indictment dismissed.
| She smiled at him approvingly it seemed.

Then she asked if she might consult with
her counsel, Herbert B, Liraburger, and Re-
corder Goff granted the request.

Mr. Limburger at that moment was in
‘ancther part of General Sessions arguing
| before Judge Foster for the dismissal of the
| indictmert. He was sent for and at the same
time the indictment was sgnt for. Mrs. Smith
left the stand and for some five minutes
had a consultation with her lawyer in the
| Judge's pyivate room. With set face she
| returoed to the stand. The question was
repeated, and she started to explain what
her counsel's advice had been, but the
Recorder stop ped her.

STICKS BY HER CHORUS GIRL SISTER.

Then came the struggle. Mr Rand re-
| peated the quest ion several times, first
' coaxing, then threatening. Finally, grab-
bing the arms of the chair and straightening
herself until she became rigid, she answered
defiantly:

“No, sir; I will not.
sister.”

*All right!” shouted Mr. Rand, his voice
| sounding high above the buzz in the court-

I will stick by my

room.

After that Mrs. Smith declined to answer
some twoscore questions, taking refuge
in her privilege. Mr. Rand made his offer
again later in the day, but she threw it
aside. After being on the stand all morp-
ing, she left it weak, but still defiant.

*I feel good,” she said, “but at the finish
I think they had me a little bit rattled.”

With the exception of Mrs. Margaret
| Young, who was a witness for only
a few moments, Mrs. Smith was on the
stand all day. She said that she knew
that Hyman Stern was in Toronto in March
last, but denied that she knew he was there
in an effort to identify either her or her
husband. A letter which was marked for
identification, but not admitted in evidence
or read to the jury, she said was in her
handwriting. That letter was supposed to
' have some ieference to Stern.
| Another letter which she said was in her
, handwriting was also introduced by Mr.
| Rand, but not admitted in evidence, nor
was it read to the jury. This letter, or @
| section of it, is supposed to show that she
wrote to her husband telling him to atey
away as “I am not trusting to my own
| judgment, but am simply acting under
| L. & U."s orders, as you are.”

THE PROSECUTION'’S CASE CLOSED,
When Mr. Rand got through with Mra.
| Smith, he announced that the prosecutton’s
‘cane wasin. It was then a few minutes

after 4 o'clock.

Mr. Unger made the usual motions for
the dismissal of the indictment on the ground
that no crime had been shown to have beer
committed; that Mr. Rand had failed to

a