THE WEATHER FORECAST. ‘

Cloudy and warmer to-day; Tuesday
cloudy, variable winds.

po 4 o Highest temperature yesterday, 56; lowest, sf,

IT SHINES FOR ALL

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

eon aan lvetailed weather, mail and marine reports on page : i
"vol , LXXXIIL—NO. 286. aoe NEW ‘YORK, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1916,— Copyright, 1916, by the Sun Printing ot iiiidng the, PRICE TW E CER.
wet ' | TT ITS DC
RUSSIANS WIN /TALIAN CABINET RESIGNS; GETS WRIT 10 STOP COLONEL TO CONFER '(Gragies geass wognes gay pat es T.R.'S FAROE
DUBNO: INVADE | MAY RETURN TO POWER TRIAL AT CALVARY WITH CHIEFS TO-DAY; fe eur man rom the eye yn hat a ya TO RUN ANGER
5 . ee Fun all, but ore reeeiveth the price? So run, the
THE BUKOWINA == Salandra Takes Action Following Chamber's cee: Vases “Fitted ih Warten tet may obtain run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye | W L
Refusal of Vote of Confidence—Army Against Appearing Before | phasis That He Is Out ' | I SON CHIEF
Seat Pushing Back Austrians. Chureh Deacons. | of Politics. . = ee
‘Fold Volhynian Fortress cee ‘Harsh Words Hurled at
Triangle and Sweep On pose June it che Salandye cabinet Manan ktene OVER ‘DIVORCES® PASSES A QUIET SUNDAY) ' Colonel in St. Louis
resigned late last night as a result of a

 

 

 

Toward Lemberg,

the Sette Communi plateau, concentrated |
the refusal of the Chamber of Deputies! the, , , t Monte | -E . : ‘ *s ’
to grant a vote of confidence in the af- a ey en Asserts His Only Fault Is Ef-) Motors to Church With Wile}

Hotel Lobbies,

 

‘ caseiensagieianis Lemerle, southeast of Asiago. Forces |
‘ ternoon. The official figures of the vote ’ | ee
t TRI \N ‘ DRIVEN were 193 against the Gevemment to 141] 4Mounting to about one division were fort to “Clean I p”" an | and Denies Himself to Pt §
AUSTRIANS de supporting it. used in the repeated attacks made : | , inte { ‘SIDEN . TY
A itlie crisis’ bad been expected because | against this height | Old Seandal. All Interviewers. /PRESIDENT WILL WIN,
‘Tr’ . > >. sur of the apie ; t ¢ . itiienen iain | !
BAC k FOR 32 MILES | &. Geveravainte anaes Gar an tes The Austrian War Office announces ! -——-

THEY STILL INS

‘But They Admit Things at
‘Chicago Turned Out Worse
Than Expected,

 

tempt to evade Parliamentary control, that the height was captured with 500 Fximund J) Tinsdale, the lawyer who, OveTen Bay, L. 1, June 1t.—-Col.
Premier Salandra appealed to the! prisoners, while the Italian offictal state-! has been directed to appear before a| Roosevelt barred all interviewers from
tri > atly ,

Prisoners Taken Now Num- yenrerday, “waking Tame "he ovuY ment, flatly contradicting this assertion, | committee of the deacons of the Calvary! Sagamore Hill to-day, “It's no use
l 2 . " ™ 1 ‘ suys that the Austrians were repulsed by | Baptist Church to be tried on charges! coming to see me,” he said. “I have

should not be unduly alarmed, The
her 108.000—2.000 Ger- involving conduct which the complain-| nothing to say, T will answer no ques-

|

situation in the Trentino, he sald, ia} an Italian counter attack a: that 100 |
; hot serious now, since the threatened | prisoners remained in the hands of the /ants alleged warrants dropping him from| tions. So please don't ask me to 1|
| membership, has obtained an order from! am out of politics.” |

|

 

‘. invasion has been averted, but he ad-| Jualians
nans Are Capt ured mitted that had the Italian defence in ati eee a ;
mi l a ‘the Trentino been stronger the Austrian | On the front from the Vall’ Arsa pla-' Supreme Court Justice Donnelly direct- | He passed a quiet day in the seclu-
pant advance would have been checked sooner, | t€au to the Astico and in the oes | ing the Rev. Joseph W. Kemp, pastor of | sion of his big house on the hilltop,
In his speech appealing to the Depu-| Valley the Ttalian offensive cont NUCB the church; the members of the board | except for his motor trip down to the
’ ) MIT ES ties for support Premier Salandra ex- | 42d Rome announces fresh gains at sev: | ly I
TROOT s 16 . “—_— plained the recent Italian reverses by | CT#! points as well as in a counter offen. Of deacons and the board of trustees Village to attend church with Mre

 

‘DEMOCRATS LEFT
WITHOUT A FIGHT

f to show cause on Friday why ¢ er. Roosevelt It was r ted that he had
‘ > saying that the Austrians took advan- | *!¥@ on the Asiago plateau , ine y & per ; as repomed tha a
rT ts ye ‘ | . . # .s
I Ie MM ( ZERNOW I WA tage oof Italy's concentration on the! The following official statement WAS) inanent injunction ehould not be vranted received several prominent visitors, but

 

r F Office to-da ‘
eats launch a drive down the Lasa- eo eau ee restra'ning the church from putting the his secretary denied this Political
- —— rina Valley Sncusas 3
} lawyer i allers are i ecte - , - tinea
“That was the most vulnerable point| h{s efforts against a small agar of tr ue trial a are hot expected until to-morrow,
; its TP y i on our front, as it left our doors open to] our front southeast of Asiago. After Me hearing on the charges was set and then they will come in large num- | ee a
ie ' , ¥ .
Vii wna Admits retreat im our traditional enemy,” the Premier con-] 4f intense bombardment strong forces for June 6, but on that date Mr. Tins.) bers, it is said, some from the Republi Not Eve n Bryan to Make il
i y 2 a »~peat- ' .
This Region ut Claims tinued | Se atLtaes Gee Tibate LANG bo dale served a temporary injunction on can party to ask his support for Jus-
, - ® edly “ a =

These unfavorable conditions ren-

 

 

 

 

‘ ‘ . Pe al, te
: . dered the first undeniable successes of | Sitions, They were repulsed = with William H, West, chairman of the com. tice Hughes. and others from the Pro- Conte st—Nothing to Ky-
(ills Elsewhere, the enemy's offensive possible, but we| Very heavy losses by our counter at- mittee of deacons, restraining action &ressive party, Who may urge bin to < > 7
must recognize : tack, leaving in our hands over a hun- until the injunction proceeding: .« de. Tecousider his conditional refusal of the cite the Party.
—a eer ee wae eee de- | dred prisoners belonging to the Twen- me ne e-  Bull Moose nomination ‘
fences might at least have longer ar-} tleth Tanaqete Regiment termined When Col. Roosevelt said yesterday estetentiiiiiianes
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sts rested the enemy's advance, keeping it} SL) aio Adige to the Brenta our | that he was out of politics, he made the
s. June 11-—-The town and further from the Venetian plains. | offensive action {# increasing. Our Regan in Divorce Dincansion. remark to a photographer who was St, Lovis, June 11.—Two emotions
fortress of Dubno, twenty-five miles, rw oceral in anion that art infantry, effectively supported by ar- The papers filed on Tinsdale’s anplica- | Soliciting a pose, but to-day he made tt agitate the minds of Democratic
. tka tic » frontier, fell into the , ‘i 7 ; 1° L ; * oo tillery, made fresh progress along the +4) 4 scloake that the chief ground of deliberately and with studied emphasis lar : a
! SEE ae eae ear of war the enemy has succeeded Vajarsa helght, south of the Posina, : . It is accepted here as meaning that he leaders assembling here =f ther
hanes t Russians to-day With it in setttr: foot on the edge of our na- in the Astico Valley, at the Frenzela complaint against iim os that on March will not ga into the campaign actively party's national conventio z
‘ Gear's forces are again in the pos+| ¢! mal territory, Which is as sacred as Valley bridgehead, on the Asiago 2 last he sent a letter to each member to elect Justice Hughes, although the vaw 7 ; : ; eae Lae tenes
ae sie CONTRI OATES. LPR TeRoSED ARIE TT MUTA bie toe Ge ce cal uk ee plateau and to the left of the Maso (of the board of deacons inviting the Fania oF traumas hes ba ppat or the over Col, Roosevelt's apparent refusal
tine o utzk of tent . ‘ ; ae a ‘ | torrent deacons to be present in the Supreme Ps : ; ANG HOOK: to help them reelect the President and
we sisting of Lutak, Dubno and | critical moment has passed, aa the On the Isonzo front there were ar- : ‘ “4 ipreme veit's loss of it—-belleved by some to be fear that tt
r enemy, stopped by our heroic resistance! tery duels and successful raids by COUrt to hear the trial of undefended the greatest disappointment of the solo- te Tea enien proCeNaage
Dubs viech had been in the hands “9 beth wings, is concentrating most) our detachments divorce cases and to discuss with Jus- nel’s life-—that there fs a great dea! of Are golng to be so tame as to have #
ea ; petra aise ea Sa aa werful forces against our centre. But During the last few days we have tice Cohalan, who was hearing these | Speculation as to whether or not he bad effect on the country
0 e Au Septem + HEE. We can look forward with confidence be- | taken 586 prisoners ‘ tl ’ might change his mind about political j )
‘ e Rovno-Brody.Lemberg rail- cause of our well organized and valorous Enemy aeroplanes dropped bombs on cases, the nature of evidence required In gotivity if Mr Ptushes should come out Their attitude toward the Colonel is
way ar sbout eigaty-two miles from Cefence Fonzago. No one was hurt and no “!vorce cases. It is understood that Mr more definitely for preparedness and

the ‘ ‘t tpita Leanberg Following his address the Premier de. |

damage was done Tinsdale took the action because the dea. More pointedly against the hyphenates
tussian onrush ‘eaaded an explicit vote of confidence,

Copyright International Film Service all the more amusing in that it ts so
s verful was the There isn't the slightest doubt here " os

—_—--—-- intensely serious Their present ins
‘a cons while hearing charges against one |
On Dubno that the attackers swept west- The offietal announcement that the ‘ $ * :

aa Yu io ' ; ithat Col. Roosevelt: will stick to his | dignation over huis failure to run crue
any Cabinet had resigned was made follow- TAKE 500 ITALIAN S, of the trustees expresee! some doubt. refusal to accept the Progressive nomina- | S HE RE ] O-DA y to form is a revelation of how much
ne the arrival of the King from the —_— as to what

constituted evidence of mis- {tion despite all efforts that may be they had counted on him
, i
from Petrograd says they have crossed front rhe prevailing impression in

ounce Captare ef conduct in divorce cases made during the next few days to get i : ete : , a
the Ikwa iver and swept us far west. Kome is that the crisis will be solved FARERSS  SOnee r Ir i ; e ¢ ‘tax him to head a third ticket. More t ' Harsher words have on ; een
Nard an Demldowka and Within a coupe of days and that the Monte Lemerte, BtP At (OF) ACCEPTING e Invitation thurled at !

ard as Demidowka an ’

 

Ward appareagitly w“ yout meet

  

Pesistence for to-night’s official repo

 

 

 

 

  

taken posse 400 telegrams have come to him to-d the Colone! in all of his
aken Sex

 

 

 

       

    
     

 

 

 

 

 

   

    

 

    
   
 

  

      

               
     

 

     

 

 

   

   

   

 
  

 

 
  
  

 
 

         

 
    

 
     
  

  

 
     

 
 
     

   

 
    

 

  

    

 
     

 

 

     

 

 

   

  

 

    

        
     
     
   
     
           
     

 
    

   
   

 

 

  

   

  

   

 

   

  

 

        
     
         
         
     
   
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

f the road from Miynow to Beres- S4landra Cabinet will return to power, special Cable Despatch to THe Ses of Mr. Tinedie. who liad reserved a row | from Republicans and Progressives and combative career than atc now re=
The 1 wn Te dowka is “fter it has been strengthened VIENNA, via London, June 11.—The of seats for we deacons on Justice some Derriocrats, fram all parta of the e sounding in the lobby of (ue Hotel Jef-
é wn of owka 4 ENNA, _d Cohalan'’s cuut roo complain } country , , : ‘ * , . snere » rt
yefive miles due ff Dabno. | meer Lanstrian War Office issued the follow- CONAN! * LSutice Uiuthe of the like Ciieago conventions had adyournea | @pUblican Candidate Keeps the. Purpose of His Trip  [c%0n.,the general headquarters, As
Thus the Russians have in Volhynia CONTRADICTS VIENNA. ing statement to-day regarding the oper- ‘Appell sta Tiulsion ot the Supreme Court atid “the Colonei'e deciihation ob the Bite: is ae matters stand he has distinctly dicap
alone pushed the Austro-Hungarian lines vam ations in the Italian theatre that the lawyers action warranted dis- | gressive nomination had been made a Secret—Harmonizing Effort Is Expected— PTO te he tar in
back thirty-two miles Rome Denies Report That Monte Enemy attacks were repulsed We cipline bs the court. Justice Clarke Known It is entirejy plain that the outcome
Simultaneously with the drive in Vol- a ty 2 . the ‘ % Ss : . , A ° . oO he c ri ms at Chiceigo was ¢
Realae ther eee a ae ce whe Lemesie Fell captured Monte Lemerle and took 500 | then s.mmone! the lawyer and advised! Ninety per cent. of these telegrams To March for Prepar edness. £ the conventions « me ee
ynia, the extreme left wing of the prisoners him to apologize to Justice Cohalan, | approved the stand he had taken, sald shock to Senator Taggar: of Indiana,
oe southern army forced the Auv- eral Cahte Despatch to Thr Sex Our aviators bombarded the railway | which he did his secretary Many of them praised . i Norman F. Mack of New York anid
tro-Hungarians to withdraw their whe Lonvon, June il—The Austrians station at Cividule Tawser Tinsdale « ymplant ' him for being a good loser and blessed s Ninnie: ¢ *
Une in the no 1, Bukowina ing fy pese sacl messi diag a ata ” hie p stat 1! : WasHINctos, June 11.—Charles E. also looked over the Sunday papers | Roser Sullivan of Hlinoi ; tee
injunction stit sets forth that he is him for his patriotism. [t is the opinion Sunday papers, ace! National Committeemen who are af
vaded the cro h strong forces - ace adc lating vele f the of the Colonel'a friende th he hh Hughes will arrive New York some- cording t his secretary, but did 1+ 5 via .
aceused of violating \-lawe a hea f e ‘ ne t yde hat he has } arri nu w“ ! AT) u 1 not t the “onventior pt minaries
and advanced to wit! iv chureh adopted after time of the foumht the last big Battle of his career time to-morrow Concerning the pur- DAVe opportunity to read them carefully Sea i. scan ae » oprenm ci ;
the capital, Czernowitz i AGRARIANS BLAMED IRISH SETTLEMENT Alleged offences lle » he barged and that in refusing to run on a third ; [ He did t. however, read the accounts | 4nd who epitomize the sent.ments @
: ’ 7 alleged offe: ve is ged § refus a pose of his trit nd the jeneth of ; t :
War Office admits the wi ‘ of the with “Inconsisteney.” bur that the speci- tleket he has subordinated personal in- pore GF his trip and } lerigt * of the celebration In his “home town,” their colleagues
lines in the northeasterr Ke ni fications do ne wet fort inv act in terest to what he believes to be the is stay in New York no information was If the atmosphere of Sunday remained They had hoped that someto te
eregtiy ly ag | R WAR P A violation of the Federal or State laws country’s good the defeat of the Wilson forthcoming to-day at the Hughes horne comparatively undisturbed inside the sides Hughes would be selected to taa
up to date in the new Russian offensive ‘nor any act snecifically bilden in Administration and the restoration tothe te will be accompanied by his secre Uushes home it was quite different out-) against Wilson, or, if. it ul fo be
fe 197,850 The ¢ re includes one the moral code, commonly known as the White House of a Republican . ie . site Two policeme unaccustomed fig- » Onlonal aay td 9
General and 1,649 officers -——_——_ ——_—_—__ Dhachlonie, ck Wen Coninanaiante’’ tH: There is a stron bellee that Cor, | (ars: Lawrence Gree: ikea. Ith ihe “GHVIFORINOHE Of” Bietanhth Bi 8. an 7 P - i “ : J.
; t + « The anr t ment tha tein imi st ¥ tnt wet Stantly accept a By ous min
says that sit he has been a member of Roosevelt will be welcomed ae one of The announceme of the p immedi- ree cept wat on the corner, and ; ; ats
Austrians Make Stand, Socialists Declare People of Llovd George's Proposal In- Calvary Chureh he “tas in all essential the Republican leaders and that a ‘e@ ately hve rise to many surmises in @t endless procession of automobiles and!) and roll up oa few mil \
The Austri mm tl ; particulars lived. so far as is humanty Of 'uportance will be opened to him in 7 io ohare: -§ ' f nedestrians pissed enough, anyway, to insure Wilson's
ae ustrians ¢ Lert . 4 \ . : by ‘@ the party's n s ¢75 ”) 5 : . ha ce t u epted the b er .¢
Ala linnortant caauntae wiGuets Germany Want Bread cludes Conference of Em- posaible, according to the standards of, {%@ party’s councils, [tts sidered ‘ to Mr. Hu acLes burdens Of peelection
oh tant ! nN ‘ membership of the Baptist Church gen- | more than Ikely that Col Roosevelt's the Rey a 4g Die new qu with good nature. Upon
ng the ast t yt sou i i y - ° ‘ z : ’ ice e ie F . ' s his pret rel bite ¢ ac
aie pee tt ' and Liberty. pire After War. erally and the Calvary Churen par. | SUPport of Justice Hughes, which Re- uppermost in the minds of many leaders, 28 Petu hur lespite the fact Couldn't Be Worse.
8 a : ‘ ticular publican leaders are said to be coming To thik Gish Mik Vue is Mae the e had beer iotegraphed from 5 :
m r th t eer Fe e to urge, Will be evinced more tn express o , ! 4 > ibkanine b : oats evens meeivable angle, more cameras They assert coat Wiis W re-
1 On the € ’ eo writing thar echmaking ieee : . - Were trained upon him, ane t the re- elected even if the Colonel does return
(Sermat sats dit anted o vClen tp Se ° Writing r g te t ling of the at tit ' r CLOCLSC
® ve rN HOGS ’ a eu speral Colle Despateh to Tur Sus Special Catde Despatch ta Tuy Sus Wan Ht mn wa Scandal George W. Perkins, George i Cortel- a ; ‘ ; ge . ¥ tru ) ca juest of the photographers he posed in’ to ghe G.O, Po at the head of the Mast
” r enburg arave ” We st , ’ t > net ‘ 1 "iViarm a he . ‘ “ve sntion Bireere trust ye AAI ‘ ’ : ‘
4 poten H - 13) hy aie AMSTERDAM. Via Londo: lune 11.-- Lonpon, June 11,—The proposal made : He says t! , ho acts 1 amatnes ou, William Loeb, dr, John MoGrath, iia) ill former differences may be for. | Y#Mous ways, with his hat off and with ery Progcessives, but t ran it
\} ‘ reops ba: ove the Vv show } bout the eontrar the Colonel's ner nd others ‘ May PSE aera ‘ we ae ® - ay eae f re ie ; :
s ! SOS wriaor ers, including Voerwaerts, the Berlin Socialist organ, by Mr. Lloyd George to the Irish con- ay haw si ' “ ; pur pene i a i . Rr ree ae pare who gotten and that we may have united ! nit ean et cid walking, smile things at Chicago couldn e turned
1 pri er incl in yo osho on thei ace 4 purpose to trecten t ooseve fight at cago a : affable at Il times ° ‘
ex er publishes a report of a speech by Herr! ference, which may be regarded as the clean un a scandal whic! ad for a are expected here to-morrow to eee effort in a patriot realiaation vf our © r ; sit a GRE “ it 1 out worse from their atanapoint
} * nation ne nd opportur ipreme ¢ 1 hold wtemp! ne their ce
“ i nits this reverse, but Hofer. a Socialist, in the Landtag. After) proposal of the Government, includes long time existed » sar! chur He with the Colonel MeGrath will give ot nal zi on ar i. ue a a ara ess) e term to-morrow And seth oor es iplati e’ ” hoe
istrian counter offensiv . t during the ane . ie has hief le repor a ie PP ie Bye ¢ ¥ TNE Y MENTS) ‘ shi wht Will open next @rliesed
' : halt \oenna Severely condemning the omganization of provision for an tmperial conference, “&)8 "0! : & many years he hasi hia chief detailed reports of the Prov! qooige W. Wickersham after conferring | Ovint hich Justice Hughes has pre- A yes he C ‘(lami the © wer
eR As NE hailed enna fap atiaowed the : heen a member of the Hantet Church he greseive and Republican conventions ‘i ; pared iN heen fut , nAGaw i t} at noon in the Colts { ' & ‘
a * the recapture of a height food measures, Herr Hofer attacker te} which shall include representatives from has been a@ “sincere believer in its doce with the Republican nominee las: weow inves cigar tu 1 OV 0 1 inely distressed because there t
r ae Carnopol ier ‘ans who, he declared, had robnee all the dominions, to meet immediately | trines and derives such spiritual con made « hurried t to oyster Bay cave Ve Justice seem to be material anywhere for even
> : . » . for ears eis yr the F . ois \ , . ; oe r . "- ’ ne to-nig o the belief that wf toenighe that. , : : “ )
4 w Russian gains in thern | the German £0 ' ie ate gate ng after the war to consider the govern- solation from such attendancve ag is SAD MOOSE RE 7 URN ‘ rine tort lent Me the be Hef tha : ¥ . & . ha lively argument, Jet alone a good old
1 indicate a new nvasion of spoke of the ee of ae fain ie ; ment of the empire, including Ireland known only to faithful believers. that ences cho omay have an ' an yea . . fashioned shindy of the sort that Dem
* \ . ~ on le woul ager. T bs . , a — > ’ the , a " | il . a
‘ ‘ e mal nore days ave that afterward the people The official report of the meeting wives his life ha alwave been or € neat bear on the ca un ‘ inde: WIll lea onventions have staged es
+ . ‘ is s @ i ¥ ' we oof yace ° . erate convertions
‘litle the advance in the | o- stand how mue they nae auneeese fram Mr. Lioyd George's proposal as follows: with his fellow men,’ and that fe be Anser Recanse Lenders Misled mtemplation if a ng betvecn My inexs did past (at Baltimore four years ago, for
¥ ectens Caernowltg with capture, a the bad and partial measures of the Gove | : First The immediate operation of | dropped from membership would “eause T. Ry Some Say, Hughes and Col, Roosevelt an ‘s example) and that are suppesed to put
gained, would go far ernment j ome rule inexpressible sorrow to himseil as well not In prospect ae fight spirit in the Workers when the
; aes tack ‘. s SSID! ' oil It was a dis@mrur si inte ie ’ ' 4 AA KAL ghting spirt '
Nuencng Rumanwa to drop Portilowita von mate al, Coe ee Second, The introduction immediately as to his relatives and friends, for whieh ; ; in lagruntied, disappointed The suggestion that confes Pett ; a sported AB EO: BL Neth vt campaign starts
7 t tator ‘ ar fer, i ' } Z rrouge oo x -ssives p 7 2 , orth 1 ther ¢ Caen shes had lef " rte ' ‘
ent tendencies in favor of the tator, said Her Hye ees 4 u v ena of an amending bill as a war emergeney | yo amount of damages recovered in an BI rogressives who returned at be held brought forth on * tees ee had left Washington aunetly The Democrats alreade here. leadera
a Powers and decide her at last mmunist feeding of the we ad ban Ce action at law could adequately compen. | 10 o'clock last night from Chicago. ‘They planation from Mr, Hughes's secr tary, 4nd would arrive in New York early this ang delegates and visitors, glace
: th ¢ Shoes rie aime that sromise sho , 1" ‘ au ‘ ‘ : . eee avast in, is norning the re Sern e an x s i 1 a ee
er lot x 1 the Alli . " ith the ey ‘ s ne ' : has | ve eet , Third) During the war the Irish mem- sate him’ were angry with some of the Progres- on that point Pa re nothings mor - nl \ ws a d little way (nto the future and are really
t (uss ands, Bessara- kep e 2: SAS meh shaped ers are t pms § ry ., g ache ot “OmntL , are c : . said, he repliet ’ eo Nee served accommodations | > rae +r mrt of iiireizen
\ ly coveted iy Ki mani, woud were themselves astonished at the peo- i ae. e " mn ‘in at Westminster and Attached to the compla i t are comes" sive leaders, chiefly George Wo Verkins na ’ ee ry roblems to engage ahd Would be there thia morning, It es . appalled at the prow \ her
¢ umania, 1 oe. but the masses were bes the six excluded Ulster counties are left of the charges and specifications served ; Cask UBivank th er here are man i : : : ; e wa placidity They have been getting .
SPE BGON SIS FOF IDSENVEREON: | PRS eh aes r ed. toes were saying Vlder the Imperial Government on Mr. Tinsdale by the board of deacons, #4 Oat Beas, hey were disap- the attention of Mt Hughes a Vike mea A would travel over the intg corners and trying to start an are
Cet 10 chs R exians had come to Berlin Fourth, Immediately after the war which state that on March 12 he sent Pointed with the Colonel, but still con- healing the breach Chat has ex aye : And COMO: at TP would come over gument, hoping that it might lead) to
Russian Reports Many Gaina, that Hf the Ve t have been worse than @D Imperial conference of representatives to the board of deacons a communica. fident he woud run) they were antago- the Bepublican party A abo rom detsey by the West Twenty-third something worth while in the way of a
! c Cieing cinta ant things would ne rs trom all the dominions will consider the tion in the form of a subpana bearing , nistic to Justice Hughes and some even) the national committee is ta be se eeke stree ° battle, but thes find themselves present?
i i, ee the flames of sedition ®OVernment of the empire, including Ire- the caption, “Calvary Baptist Church threatened to vote for President Wilson, ‘The methods of campaign are fo be de- ae: agreeing that Wilseu and Marshall must
\ s 1 and d eae might be raised,” said land, board of deacons, in the matter of a eee few pay salc they would vo® cided upon His own hous hoid Bs ree RATE CUT ONT. R. BOOM BOOK. be nominated and that the Colonet
f iene a Her H fer “You would prevent this ) an nmenadiets) afterward and, hearing before the board of deacans of rr, cane ai potaat when th 10n aM a or mT os 4P how - has plaved them a cat's trick ithe
‘ res lecesses YeR- ™ f se te The peo- | Guring the war emergency | ° » Calvary Chureh on Friday, Mareh 17 at FAS BOK ’ : ‘ne or’ worked ov te Ee eee ee nD . arm it ot p Of something
tit hy o re always too hite U peo nergenc interval the a : ; : ‘ -, Mark Dowea Stan Onls Shaw i go arm in arm for a ny ething
‘; OU BUS eT ae starve here and be killed abroad Permanent settlement. of all the great 10 A. M. before Hon. Justice Cohalan.’ So men boarded the Progressive special whether any of these are so pres ils: - * ERAS MF Lite at the bar
: ene prisoners alone oe ie cterests of a small set of cap. Outstanding problems shall be proceeded |The communication read : at ¢ hicngo bn Aaturday they were so to necessitate a trip to Ne rork al nt Non-partionn League.
t ey troo ure for the interests ’ ore 4 * 5 . t ferkins ¢ Straus > me
‘ meh Dee een i ilists.” ; with Dean BRETHREN: Tt is affectionately AUBnS AS 1 i a fa ; oe that rey ie tine ; vofihe pure FE YE GOD AND TAKE YOUR OWN PART Crave a Rampus,
' Be heart ot oH 1: Hofer concluded The meeting protested against the urged that you Individually, collectively threatenes Ww ; : ‘ PANT out o The expectation te that ane o ® pu Reduced to 50 Cen ,
5 ind “bogty | t uf rhe Teople at home and in the! continuance of martial law in Ireland | aud as a body abstain from your bust- the party When they arose yesterday posex of Mr. Hughes's visit to New York There was no sign of activity in the Where the Republic
, xact estimation of which; nehes claim peace, iberty and bread.” | and demanded that prisoners undergoing | Ness and set aside and dedicate a part NOPE, ee ae aie of the is to meet the special committees, neaded Son partisan League's headquarters in ted peace the Demacs nee
le trenches servitude in connection with the rising of the day to God at the time and place opinion tha it wou a - better to take by ex-Senator Murray Crane, whlch WAS \Vonderinit avenue ippowite the Bile note tleht t at would te ‘
na singlg sector on the cek's Britinh Lonses 7,527, be treated as war prisoners, It alan ex. | Nforesaid In fact. make it a day of things cau ) ane og Iy ane week tO appointed in Chicweo to confer wit 1 the nil e@mterday The roome were empts a tight led M | ‘ e ”Y
, ‘ plured: 21 search Ween's , pressed dissatisfaction with the person. fasting and prayer more fittingly, as itis Bet Col aponeres pO. GON uee at the candidate on the time and glace of the oy. the doors were locked the appearance of contrayers
"4 field kitchens, 47 special Cable Despatch to Tum Ses ; hel and conduct of the inquiry into the now the Lenten season, and attend at head of the | te At f cket : cffleial notification of bis nomination. tt The foregoing notice, displayed in the thing vital
Rut 132,000 pounds Lonpon June 11—To-day'’s — offi tal Tris), situation F the session of Special Term, Part Ih. |. John J iy onnell, chairman of the iy understood that Mr. Hughes will prot Window near the various piicards bear- NOS AOA MULES ORs ‘ ;
‘ bo concrete planks, aocaalty list, covering the casualtles) ~The reported decision of the Lloyd Supreme Court, second floor, County | vee f ae _ SORTA a nee ably select New York and that te joy re name of Theodore Ross Volt, wag (hreuah the ropes, becuse '
‘ c ONCTE 60.000 Civered on all fronts during the past) George conference was recoived in Bel- Court House, in City Hall Park, to hear asked af ie it ie mi - _ aaae ikely Fnotifieation will take place within en the only gloom dispeller on view em Dos aceoraing tn the eS '
ui mous de fUM-) eek, gives the number of officers Atl fast with surprise. Neither side Hkes matrimonial divorce cases presented. '? ona’ 1 aN  oxnaet aes ae Ranaas | Hao! : vear are framed against bitiig, gong
juautiies of arms and «ag o¢ whom 181 were killed, and that | the idea, and Joseph Devlin. the Ulster! testimony taken and the Judgment. of Para, L y BGs Mr. Hughes passed to-day on mucn the i and the sarreptitrous vse i
eee Qet ; ee ¢ . » dec » . Sec ‘" 4 Au
of men at 6,794, of whem 1,085 were Netionalist leader, is likely to have dff-| the court. aeu wi ape Bi aon soeeean it same way as he has spent ius Sundays HERE'S ONE WILSON BOLTER. Knuckles The men whe gre oo
r ROC We captured 80,000 Vined ‘This makes a total of the week's) ficuity in inducing hia followers in. the i ry rr fans in his place k O PUT before his retirement from tie bench and : the convention are giving Bryan bi
00 boxe fomachine Casualties amounting to 7,527, of whom) north to acquiesce in the arrangement Offers Front Senate in Coart, ‘ Miut rine a tima for decisive action ‘Ss reentrance upon the poutioal stag Robert Emmet Barke, tt fe Dele boon, among the working rresy le
+ vOoNe f ind ° . are > é 0 » Ulster ‘ § . 7 . al S ¢ + Si ‘rioe oe walker at ally nd} Will Ninwe lat t
b x vi | a ° 416 were killed, amnone ibe lates ( * niate also there I wilt cheerfully be at your service and deep thinking, and not for heated With h daughter Kather! Ls ‘8 1 wate, Opposes Re eetien. ‘ena . al ne “ : a a
able pitt of oe ine Guns, ES aa’ € mer a aie SU oF ane on request at the time aud place afore- discussion, We expect to see the Colonel at sh ag a t aN PANS MRED St. Louis. June 11 Nip ost axclt Satay * , sa
AGB SO PCON NON ATA ASUALTI | BURR OSts FeABINS Ho Doth sides) said, with a copy of the records of the within a few days and talk the matter (He Calvary apts n APP Ses : ' ; meh Eatite . ROsiiee
‘eae : wm ips aire cei tikapnaiae A ) Bald, ne , f re abn : ing incident that nas eecurres » » leaders ‘ ve ;
' ® eatraction of drinking GERMAN Cc LY 3 a re . ‘ eee. but extremely little proceeding heard before you on Wednes- over with him The Progressives dia Mite ly two miles } ine ih ide ; " n ete u a , ant in \ n Mt he Ne un : ‘ \
. NEAR ,000,000 a bd Me A ley home rule scheme) gay evening, March §, 1916, in case Dr. not Lhe the methods employed by some He was confronted by » formidable eer ar we aes ee uot On BrArioe for 4 s marD wt isaue to vplae,
; OF such enormous Wal special Cable Despatch to Tin SU» may oN A ip Cems : Vincent M. Munier had not brought it, of the leaders of the convention. [ @?ray of photographers and NOVA Pat Rurke, delegate at } A fro} a BATE ROLE eae Ins he a ve
‘ t the enerys fo : Reynol ss Newspaper save with him, to introduce you to the courte would not say that the Colonel was de- ture men For the past t ee days they ; nt ‘ h ae - f i | Inols readable speeches and there bh " Y or
' ne adtords prook of tow LONPON, June 11.— The official It is understood that the six exe State who sou are, the object of your. ceived, but he was badly advised, and have dain in wait) for him and Many mul i ae or resident Wilson tor most desirable publieits But the ou
our coup iwzainst the press bureau gave out the fol- _ cluded eauneee _ ” administered by attendance, (he religious zeal with which he did not do the things that his usually tims have re orded his) figure as ; he 1 ph u a ue po ae ae look is poor If the Democrat nation
lowing statement to-night: ;o ahecie a ae! the Jinme Office you are seeking to acquire light, knowl-) wonderful judgment dictates. The Na- Wiiked along the street He has mae oe i SRS aS see 1 he convention possessed A press agent that
fichting we took as The “erman official casual- It is evident that a completa recasting of edge and wisdom in matters now pend- tional Committee of the Progressive smilingly posed for them more than onve mei ue iy a or ; ee u ne is ham- loved his art} e would be bio e fy
! 1, 400 offieers and 35.- , H . apa e: jof the home rule act in the form of a ing before you, ask that you be as-| party hereafter will not, in my opinion, But the demand for pictures seems to rung and beund by the unit vure another job Tody Hamilton would shake
We also cagtured 80 guns, ties in the war are: } measure passed by general consent: will signed to front seats in the court room permit men not members of the or.) grow rather Chan ditatnioh his head over the situation, for there 4
nd Sf boml throwers Killed ee tea TRA {be necessary to carry throug’ the com- pack of the counsel who are trving ganization to have any part in its de- Ai the chureh the Jurot met Mrs PREDICTS NEW ALLIED BLOW. iighty hittle publietty meat in sweet
* total trophies in the re WriOnere jcc ionets 146,665 ee wk h now has practically been cases; that sou may hear all that is! Hberations, either ex officio or other. Hughes and their youngest COURSE amity National Committeenuas Marsh
1 general, 1,649 officers soot 191,857 j{armved i testified to, and after listening at-! wise.” Bhzabeth, whe came in an automobile payne pe s Acel ; : of lowa put the cause this afternoo:
Missin Rata a hla aiai hehe OL,Be " z : i ' : : aris Paper Saye Action Will Kol- 3
Os,000 soldiers and 124 eine sees 1,851,662 |! The Belfaat correspondent of she tentively to all the cases heard by the; Asked what he meant by that Chair-' Whether by chance or design, the Key “What we need.’ he said, w rips
© guns and 58 bomb see ai Mornina Post says he has definite know - honorable court, at recess in the Judge's) man O'Connell replied: “You can work Dr. 8. H. Greene, pastor of the chureh low Conference in London, snorting, knockdown flight, followed by
Total 2,924,586 , odme Lane thet Pet { ag re iN M chambers pass to the honorable court a that out by a process of elimination.” took for his text So run that ye may Special Cable Despatch to The Sus will around handshaking "”
’ ' , QUAI. «oe renee es rams 1a conference to-day will formally accept |, > recore . * * went on to say: obtain.” , At first glance there nald >
inious episodes may be — ] es ’ cop of the recored testimony heard. Then he wen ) ‘ Manis, June dl It is certain that the At ale ere woule eom. to
' iaula of ouy ynune The statement adds: “This is Lloyd George's proposals, barring some by you as a board of deacons at Calvary, "The Progressive party and its: prin- After the service almost the entire ioe of Premier Briand, Gen. doffre ae be small likelihood of Mr Marsh) getting
‘ Hojitehe, on the Styr, | not a British estimate.” unforeseen developinent . | Baptist Chureh and on file with your, ciples will live. We are still heart and congregation gathered on the sidewalk (oo pies Minister of War, to Lone MS Wish, but you never ean tel abos
Here the Germans at- j , The reports ingens hat the ; luter secretary, for an extrajudicial opinion soul for the Colonel and we regard him to await Mi Hughes's wpin ara ries Wd don was marked by absolute understand. & Demoeratic convention even wh
© ussistance to the Ause A British report on German | Nationalists aie a as eat ; ae mat may thereon; and after hearing the same no as the greatest world citizen of the day, he received She Sones A 1 lone 0 mais ig on all military points covering al) Bryan's hands are tied. Looking al
' our infantry attack, de- : Ities was made public on j repudiate Redmond’s anc eviin's ACH doubt it will be of much assistance to The Colonel is first in our affection, [ friends. Mrs WEHeR And her younges fronts wistfully, the Demoerats oPserys “
er oof heavy artillery, casua 10, It ve the total as | ceptance of the proposal, ‘vou in arriving at a decision after the speak for myself and 1 give you the daughter entered the automebile again The Temps, declaring that the px. leetion of candidates: for Vices Preside
! from the town, los. May | p ga h , ? ld \ - me enthusiasm with which you are now. consensus of opinion as T could gather | aud Mr. Hughes and his second daughter change of views showed perfect rhe who might at a pineh start somethinar
( prisoners, two mung. | greed e ee _ whic woulg mean, BRITISH TAKE FOOD CENSUS, king up and approaching this matter, it on the train coming home.” | Walked home ee \inant’ lstwean ihe Hraich and Bein) (ne namie of 8 fps
he guns. Our troops | that the Gorman, loss for last |! ' : “May Divine guidance he granted to Mr. O'Connell sald that the first thing During tne Bieran a Huston, Governments, adds
eben ar + i 5 | Soe . , Vee » ¢t y his electrie ear, called upon his oe + 8 mee iw .
iting Germans onth was 102,507. . | you to act in a spirit of prayer for the was to see the Colonel and get his fina); driving ‘ ! in oie severa ant the Honor,
erat i ine a tion of ” 0 May 11 it was announced || (overnment Aske Farmers About) o1.. of God and the salvation of decision ‘former associates of the Supreme Court Phis is no banal diplomatic formula a
be Kion a n May ' \8 , . e@ . . > S ” ‘eve few callers during the day but an agreement whieh soon will be The programme os to renonys Views
the fortresses comprising ; I jon that the Germans New (Cre and Live Stock, soul, and that it may be a blessing to Solomon Suffrin, a Progressive dele- | There Wwe a ’ } - ie . 1
‘ In sont ; a° | La shurch, the Bride of @hrist, of ' id that a committee consi at the Sixteenth street house lustice | (ansiated into action of the highest im. Uresidayt Marshall, but) ther: SON
aie ae "iw | killed amounted to 705,877; pris- Special Cahle Despatch ta Taw Guy and oe ike spiritual omer " ntpeea PR aipcah O'Connell William ‘Tee M Kenna, Justice MeReynoids and Rep-| portance for the suceessful prosecution eral persons that want the honor M
, are On e& enemys ; § 98; issi etl ; ; » 12.—The | ¥e an , | € Pr eee! : We "| ; aac of the war sourt bas a eandidate in Goy Vay
} ' ian detachments, (| QDeFs apt ae pie ing, 197,094; || Lonvon, June 12.—The Daily Mail) with the responsibility and care there-! Michael Schaap, William Ransom and resentative Mann, the minority leader of ce Sourk CAN, oe gears tk: Os ts
‘ Hiver, have developed | Wounded, 1,781,310, | BAYA: of." Stanley Isaac would see the Colonel to. the Housé, were among the number, on oa sullivan insists that) ; sn
' eheive A opart of the Russian Based on these figures the Ger-]| "The Government is taking a census! ‘ppig communication, it is Charged, day at Oyster Bay or in New York and The flood of congratulatory messages Samed the "Chin Chia’ Theked, 7 Aap : - ete. wT hi
fle A * s i ' , ¢ " ; : , - ian n \ yianne ‘ hs t
tie reson of the village of [mans in a month have lost in |/ot all the food resources of the United was an insult to the officers of the! ask for a decision by to-morrow, continued. ‘They were so many that it sp. Lovie, June 1 ‘The bemoerats Beit of Oklahoma woul
‘ ‘ha on the Mslnow-Berestechno | killed, 28,535; prisoners, 8,867; || Kingdom and is issuing requeats to/| church and was sent in an attempt to| “If.” said Mr. Suffrin, “we do not get Was almost a physical {impossibility for jaye already given a name to the new NATRINATISH  Aiha @a ee Abtiiei” ue eae
missing, 5,237; wounded, 70,342, ¥| farmyre to make a return showing their | pring reproach and ecandal ‘upon the ie ' | Mr, Hughes to read them all None was) nepublican ticket. ‘They call it. the nities Amd may demand it. ?
j : ” ; : : ‘i ri ; i diee i ay ‘ .
Cone don Third Page, | growing crops and their live stock, j chureh, Continued on Second Page, jeiven aus for pusiloation, Mr. Hughes | Chin Chin” tleket, ' j  Trowble here is less Deis Ay ihe
‘ ‘

‘ '
; | — ~eeem> ° ienteneeen " os
~~ : 5