—

RUBENS WILL IN STOLEN MAIL. |

poct MENT WAS SENT TO PARIS |
FOR AUTHENTICATION,

 

'
‘

 

retate Valued at 1,280,000 Involved tn a |
Peculiar Contest That Has Sprung Up |
—Lawyers Here Unprepared to Say
Vall Was Robbed to Obtain Will. |

ne of the registered documents stolen
from the registered mail pouch sent to |
Paris on the French liner La Savoie, which |
Jeff this port on January 17, was the will
cf the late Charles Rubens or Voog, who
‘ed in Paris early last summer at the age
ef 0
» law firm of Coudert Bros. forwarde |
will to be authenticated in France.
Tre value of the estate is estimated to be
$).200,.000,

\frer the death of Rubens, which was
at the American Consulate in ‘
Paris, the French authorities by request |
f the American Consul took possession |
of tubens's luxurious home in the Avenue
le | Alma and sealed his papers and valu-
This step was taken because in
going through Rubens's papers it was dis- |
covered that his real name was Charles

the

registered

WHies

Voog and that he was born in Mulhausen, |
tisace, when that province was under |
French domination |

Voog got into difficulties in Alsace in 1868
and carne to America, where he changed |

his name to Rubens and took out naturaliza-
tion papers. After amassing a fortune in
the banking business he returned to France
and settled in Paris, where his lavish hos-
pitality won him a host of jriends and gave
him the entrée to exclusive circles.

After bequeathing a large sum to his
riece, Rubens's will, which was executed
in Paris and fled at the American Consulate,
provided legacies to many curious charities
The will was forwarded to this city for
probate by the American Consul-General
because practically all of the estate was situ-
ated here and he wasa citizen of New York.
No sooner, however, did it become known
that the rich merchant, who always referred
to himself as an American, had been born in
France than the question was raised of the
validity of the will, Under the French
av, it was declared, a French subject who
ecame naturalized in another country
inder an assumed name still remained a
trenchman and his will was void.

Forty or more claimants for the estate
obbed up at once from all parts of France,
n case the French courts should decide
that the will was invalidated by Rubens'’s
hange of name when he became a citizen |
i the tnited States. The will was pre-
sented and registered for probate in the
surrogates’ Court in this city by Couuert
Bros. about four months ago. As the
lecument Had been execuied in Paris the
awyers took the usual steps to prove its
vuthenticity to the satisfaction of the Court
and secured a commission empowering the
Consul-General in Paris to take the testi-
mony of the witnesses to the will, all of
whom reside in France. With this com-
mission the will itself was enclosed in a
registered package and leit here on Ia
Savoie on January 17.

At the office of Coudert Bros. it was
said yesterday that the firm was sti!! await-
ing advices from Paris in regard to the
recovery of the will. A member of the
firm would not admit that whoever stole the
mail pouch had been informed beforehand |

\

eS NS = sees ee

|
|

that it contained the Rubens will or that the
robbery had been instigated by persons in
Paris who were interested in having it
declared invalid and who believed that their
claims to shares in the estate might be
strengthened if it were proved in the Frenoh
courts that Rubens died intestate. The
‘awyers were unprepared to say that the
loss of the pouch was due to a premeditated
nlan to get the will and destroy it. Until
further information is received from their
Paris correspondents the members of the
‘oudert firm are disposed to regard the
oss a8 an unfortunata occurrence.

If the lost document should not turn up
*ithin a reasonable time Coudert Bros.
will endeavor to prove the existence of the
will in other ways. A certified copy of the
document is on file in the Surrogates’ Court
here and a copy is also in the New York
‘fice of the firm, as are also the names and
addresses of the witnesses. The lawyers
will apply to the Surrogate for another copy
of the commission to the American Consul-
General in Paris, empowering him to take
‘he depositions of the witnesses to the will.

This is the first time in the history of the
Surrogates’ Court, according to a member
of Coudert Bros, that a will which has
heen filed and later withdrawn for authen-
‘eation with the permission of the Court

as been lost. There are no precedents on
reeord to guide the Court in any action that
may be taken in regard to the missing
document and the officials are in a quandary
4s to what further steps must be taken in
the matter in case the Paris police fail to
recover the stolen will.

Besides Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Lazard
Freres it was learned yesterday that Laden-
burg, Thalmann & Co, and Redmond & Co.
are among the other Wall Street firms who
‘ost securities and other valuable papers in
the theft of La Savoie’s registered mail
pouch

Postmaster Willoox said yesterday that
he had not a word from the French authori-
‘les in regard to the robbery since the
“bulletin of irregularities” was received
tarlyin February. Heimmediately notified
the Department at Washington and turned
the bulletin over to Chief Post Office In-
tpector Vickery, who is supposed to be
Working with the French authorities.

No official word of any arrest in conneo-
tion with the robbery has been received
by the postal authorities, and none is ex-
pected, “We don't inform Paris or London
of arrests made here in such cases,” said |
Chief Inspector Mayer. “The fact that the |
Paris officials have sent us no word aside
from the regular bulletin of irregularities
makes it certain to my mind that the story
that the thief had confederates in this ,
country and that the bag was watched the
length of ite journey isa dream. If it were |
true that the prisoner had confessed that |
the robbery was the work of a band of
international crooks the Paris officials
vould long since have sent us a request to |
fo a little investigating over here.

“My personal opinion is that the mail
*as robbed in the Paris post office after the
bags had been opened and that the thief
¥as some one employed in the Paris post
office. If the man who was arrested 4
connection with the theft is a broker's clerk
't will probably be found that he was only |
the outside man in the game, to whom the
tecurities were given for disposal.”

inspector Mayer said that even if a con-

ood 14 4

 

 
    

 

| Up @ package of registered mall; another

|; and certified to by another, and then a

i that the mark was placed on a
' taining matter of great value

| mail robbery precautions for the protection
, of the mail bags have been doubled at the

| Truth,’” said Mrs. Pruyn yesterday after-

| am only a beginner, but have great con-

am going on the stage because I like it.”

philologist,
fragments of manuscripts recently brought

Turfan.

province of the ancient Persian Empire

route from Valdez to Seattle

 

federate in the foreign mail office of New
York had placed on a sack a mark previously
agreed upon with an accomplice in Paris
or on board La Savoie, it would have been
a big job to find the marked sack among
the 3,200 consigned to La Savoie, and the
thief would have needed a long period free
from observation in which to do his work.
In the foreign mai) office one man makes

in a remote room receives the package,
without knowledge of its contents, and
places it in a bag, his act being witnessed

fourth is called to note the number on the
bag and make record of it. Even if all four
men were in collusion to mark the sack |
they would have no chance of communi- |
eation with one another so as to

ke sure
ack con-

The inspector said that he was certain
that not one cent of real money had heen
stolen and that for the most part the thief
had secured papers which were of no more |
value to him than so much waste paper.

GUARDING MAILS IN: PARIS, |
iphacammnetnteh i

French Authorities Now Watching the Sachs |
at St. Lazare Station.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUS

Paris, March 22.-Owing to the recent

St. Lazare station, which is the centralizing |
point of the French, Italian and Spanish
mails destined for the United States. Em-
ployees now guard each truck on which the
maila are placed for transference to the
trains

 

WRS. PRUYN GOING ON THE STAGE.
Another Socicty Woman to Follow Mrs.
Bloedgood’s Example.

Mrs. Francis L. Pruyn, who is well
known in New York society, is going
on the = stage Mrs. Pruyn ia a

daughter of the late Frank B. Thurber,
who was the head of a wholesale grocery
coneern in this city. She married Francis
L. Pruyn,a member of the old family of
that name in Albany. They live at 128
East Twenty-fourth street

Mrs. Pruyn is young and good looking
and has been interested in the stage for
several years. The success of Mrs. Blood-
good induced her to think she might turn
her own talents to advantage. It was her
intention to appear in a small part with
Mrs. Leslie Carter-Payne in “Cleo,” but the
disagreement between Charles B. Dilling-
ham and Mrs. Carter-Payne and the con-
sequent withdrawal of “Cleo” led to an
offer to Mrs. Pruyn from the Shuberts.

“I expect to appear in Mr. Fitch's ‘The

Doon. “It will be only a small part as I

fidence, because several managers have said
very complimentary things ahout me. |

PARTS OF A NEW GOSPEL.
Manuscripts Found tn Chinese VTorkestan
Read by German Philologist.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN
Beri, March 22.— Prof. Mueller,
has deciphered some of

the
the

to Europe from Chinese Turkestan by Dr
Lecog, who found them buried in sand at

Tt was at firet believed that they were |
written in a language of which every trace
had been lost, but Prof. Mueller decides that
they are in the language of Sogdiana, a

He pronounces them fragments of tho
New Testament, although differing con-
siderably from all the authoritative ancient
versions recognized by the Greek and |
Catholic churches. He deduces that the |
copiers had access to versions which are now
totally unknown.

LAWVER HODGE ARRESTED.

 

Wouldn't Obey Traffic Rules at Forty-fourth
Street and Broadway.

Lawyer J. Aspinwall Hodge was arrested
early last night for violation of the traffic
rules at Forty-fourth street and Broadway.
He insisted, so Policeman Twillmer, who
arrested him, says, in running his auto-
mobile east on Forty-fourth street. This
is against the traffic rules. In order to
avoid congestion among vehicles going to
and from the theatres all rigs are required
to approach points on Forty-fourth street
from the east and points on Forty-third
street from the west

Mr. Hodge, who said he had an enga;r-
ment at the Bar Association, was told to
pr east on Forty-third street, turn
north on Fifth avenue and then turn west
on Forty-fourth street, to the front of the
Bar Association, which is between Fifth
and Sixth avenues. Policeman Twillmer |
says that the lawyer insisted that he had |
a right to go east on Forty-fourth street
and tried to do so.

The policeman took Mr. Hodge to the
West Forty-seventh street station. After
Sergt. Brady had taken the lawyer's pedi-

ree, finding that he was '6 years old, and
fived at 316 West 108th street, it was ex-
plained to Mr. Hodge that the policeman
was trying to enforce the rules. Mr. Hodges
declared that he -was better informed on
the traffic regulations than either the ser-

eant or the policeman. He said that he
ad conferred with Commissioner Bingham
about the matter.

Sergt. Brady told Mr. Hodge he would
have to give bail or stay in the station
over night, Sergt. Brady suggested that
the automobile be left as security and that
Mr. Hodge proceed to the Bar Association |
on foot. Mr. Hodge refused to do this
After thinking some time he sent for John
Lowe of 155 West Ninety-third street, who !
gave property at 10 Amsterdam avenue i>
security for Mr. Hodge's appearance in the
West Side police court this morning

THE NORTHWESTERN WRECKED.

Steamer Ashore on Island Near Alushan
Coast—May Be Total Loss. j

 

SEATTLE, Wash., March 22.--The steam-
ship Northwestern, according to word re-
ceived here, was wrecked yesterday on the |
south end of La Touche Island on the south-
weatern coast of Alaska.

The ship lies in an exposed condition and
it ia expected that she will be a total loss,

The Northwestern was formerly the
Orizaba of the Ward Line. She sailed from
Seattle on March 10 for Valdez, afterward
going to Seward. The vessel left Seward
on Wednesday and was wrecked while en

Capt. Truebridge wired the local office
of the Northwestern Steamship Company
from Valdez to-day of the disaster, but did
not tell the extent of the damage. |

No lives were lost. The passengers and
the crew reached shore safely and are now |
being cared for by the company at Seward. |

 

health depends on pure food. Burnett's
Take Bo substitute, ,

v is pure.

  

* *

+*NEW YORK, SATURD

near

| Court-martial

| of

4

VAY MA

 

Pe |
CAPT, ROEHLER'S ACQUITTAL DIS-
PLEASES THE PRESIDENT.

in Second Trial of Army
OMcer Declares Him Not Gullty of
Unbecoming Conduct in Resenting
His Commanding OMcer's Reprimand.

| of the publications containing it

WASHINGTON, March 22.
was made at the War Department to-night.
that the court-martial which tried Capt.

Announcement

duct prejudicial to good order and discipline
in making statements derogatory to Major-
Gen. Leonard Wood, his superior officer,
had rendered a verdict of acquittal. At
the same tire a statement was made public
at the White House to the effect that the
President had disapproved the findings of
the court. Gen. Wood commands the Mili-
tary Division of the Philippines. Capt.
Koehler is attached to that division.

{
\
Lewis M. Koehler, Fourth Cavalry, for con-
{
|
|
|
|

The case has been pending in the army |

for nearly a year. Secretary Taft in hia |
letter to the President reviewing the case
points out that the President cannot ap-

prove the finding without necessarily affirm-

Gen. Wood. Furthermore, Secretary Taft

| Says that to approve the finding it would be
| incumbent upon the President to order a |

court-martial of Gen. Wood.

The President as the reviewing authority |
ewnnot change a verdict of acquittal into
one of conviction. All that he can do toshow
his dissatisfaction with the verdict and to
save Gen. Wood from a court-martial is to
disapprove the finding, which he does. The
court-martial is criticised by Secretary
Taft ,

In his letter to the President Secretary
Taft reviews the case at length, and says
n part

To THe Prestpenr: Capt. Koehler was
an officer in command of two companies of
eavalry at Jolo in the Philippines. Major
Scott was the commanding officer of the
military post at Jolo and was also the Civil |
Governor cf Jolo, under the civil establish-
ment. Capt. Koehler made himself very
annoying to Major Scott by captious insist-
ence that Major Scott should be in his office |
at certain times and should discharge his
duties as military post commander with the
same degree of promptness that he would
have done had he not the additional duties
of Civil Governor Capt. Koehler filed
charges against Major Scott.

An inspecting officer sent to investigate
them reported there was no foundation for
the charges. Major Scott then filed charges
against Capt. Koehler. Gen. Wood ordered
4 court-martial of Capt. Koehler. The court-
martial resulted in finding Capt. Koehler
guilty, The court sentenced him to be repri-
manded in orders by the reviewing authority.

Gen. Wood in reprimanding Capt. Koehler
said that he had been guilty of conduct which
indicated that he was seriously wanting in
those clean cut and well defined conceptions
of a soldier's duty which should be found in
every officer of the army; that hia conception
of the standards of the conduct and up-
rightness as they exist in the army were dis-
torted to a degree pot found in the just and
fair minded

Then Capt. Koehler took an appeal, though
the law does not specifically provide for such
a remedy, to the Secretary of War. In this
appeal he said

1-—That he Was practically dented counsel

2-That the department commander was the
accuser or prosecutor, and that the courts erred in
overruling the plea based upon that fact

4--That the reprimand imposed in pursuance
of the sentence was harsh and excessive

4—That a9 application for a court of inquiry
Was denied

In the language of hia appeal he character-
ized the acta of the department commander
a unfair, unjust and illegal.

The appeal was forwarded by the division
commander, Gen, Wood, to this department
with @ letter inviting attention to the lan-
guage used in it and submitting the ques-
tion of disciplinary proceedings for such
language to the Department. This Depart-
ment directed the division commander to
file charges against Capt. Koehler and to
bring him to trial before @ court-martial
appointed by the President

The second court-martial has acquitted
Capt. Koehler, and the finding of the acquittal
now comes before you as the reviewing au-
thority for action either in approval or dis-
approval. | have no hesitation in saying
after a full consideration of the matter that
the finding of the first court-martial, that Capt.
Koebler was guilty of filing captious and
unnecessary charges against his comtwand-
ing officer, was fully sustained.

He might have had counsel had he been
willing to take any but two persons who
were otherwise engaged on public business
‘The charge that the department commander
was the acouser or prosecutor in the first trial
was unfounded and based solely onthe ground
that be directed a court-martial onthe charges
Major Scott after an inspector had re-
ported that the charges of Capt. Koehler
against Major Scott were unfounded. Con-
sidering the evidence of the first court-mar- |
tia), | think the language of the reprimand |
was sufficiently within the finding on the
evidence

You, as the reviewing authority, are put
in the position, that if you approve the find-
ing you necessarily affirm or approve the
statement derogatory to Gen. Wood con-
tained in the appeals, and if youdosoapprove
these statements, then it would become your
duty as commander-in-chief to order Gen. |

|
}
| ing Capt. Koehler's statements concerning
!
j
|
|
|

 

'

Wood before a court-martial for perverting
his power as department commander to
accomplish an unjust and unfair purpose
against his subordinate officer. You cannot
in justice to Gen. Wood find any evidence
in the record to sustain the bringing of such
proceedings or the finding of a court against
him.

A reviewing authority may mitigate a sen-
tence, but it cannot change a finding of ac-
quittal to one of conviction It can, however,
in any case disapprove the entire proceeding
and refuse to confirm a finding of acquittal
Che effect of this is to set aside the proceed-
ings as if they had not been commenced. By
this course you, as the reviewing authority,
are not involved in the logical consequences |
with respect to Gen. Wood which must follow |
an approval of the sentence as already ex-
plained, and Capt. Koehler is simply restored
to duty. This ia the view of the judge advo-
vate general, in whose recommendations I
fully coneur Very respectfully,

WILLIAM Tart,
Secretary of War

In the statement given out at the White
House was this indorsement of the Presi-
dent's disapproval of the acquittal]

Tae Waite Hovsr,
WASHINGTON, March

The proceedings, findings and acquitta! in

the case of Capt. Lewis M. Koehler, Fourth

 

9

Cavalry, United States Army, are disap- | ther with Harvard here. She won the
proved. I enfirely concur in all that the “e@bate here by a unanimous decision of
Secretary of War says of Capt. Koehler and the judges. The question was: “Resolved
of Gen. Wood, and of the poor showing made | that the present distribution of power |
by the court which last passed on the case. betweon the Federal and State govern-

THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

om The Gowanburn Floated

The steamship Gowanburn, which was
ashore at Blue Point station on the Lon
Island shore, was floated at 12:20 o'cocs |
this morning. She started for New York
tow.

/GEN. WOOD'S CHARGES FAIL. |

   

23. 1907.— opyright, 1907,

RCH

   

 

MERRYV'S ROW WITH ZELAY A.

 

 

S. Minisier Transferred Legation to a
Ship and Prepared to Defend It.

New Orvueans, March 22.--When an ac-

| count was published some days ago of a

sensational quarrel between United States

Minister Merry and President Zelaya wy
Nicaragua, the Picayune forwarded oopies |

to ite

representative at San José, and the next
steamer from Costa Rica has brought a
letter from him, dated San José, Costa Rioa,
March 16, 10907, in which he saya:
“Minister Merry had been preasing the
claim of Sam Weil of New Orleans very
energetically and from information he
received he came to the conclusion that
some one was tampering with his cables.
“He sent, on one occasion, a message in
code and some lLttle time after was un-
certain as to the wording of this message

| and sent his clerk to the cable office with a

request to have the cable returned to him.
The cable clerk claimed he could not find
the message and this matter was so reported
to Minister Merry, who then wentin pergon
to the office and dernanded the copy.

“It is understood from the very best au-
thority that the clerk of the cable office
went to the palace of President Zelaya and
secured the message. It hasalso been stated
upon equally as good information that one
of the words in the message had been
changed.

“This led to a stormy interview between
President Zelaya and Minister Merry and
resulted in Minister Merry closing his lega-
tion. Shortly after Minister Merry left for

| Corinto to catch a vessel bound for Puerto

Remas, Costa Riea. About the same time
the steamship Barracouta, from Panama,
was due at Corinto and arrived before the
City of Para reached Corinto

“The Minister of War of Nicaragua, with
anarmed guard, came down from Managua
to Corinto, boarded the Barracouta and
demanded frorn the captain the manifests
of the Honduras consignments. The captain
replied that they were in the ship's safe.
He would not show them to a Nicaraguan
official.

“The Minister of War then told the captain
of the Baracouta that he would search the
hold and left the ship apparently to secure
an armed force. During his absence Minis-
ter Merry instructed the captain to arm his
crew and officers and attach the hose to the
fire pipes and be ready to defend his ship
by means of hot water.

“Thén he notified his secretary to have
his baggage brought from the hotel and
taken on board the Baracouta. He hoisted
the Legation flag to the mainmast of the
ship and notified Nicaragua that the ship
for the time being was the American Lega-
tion and American territory.

“There was no attempt made to search
the cargo of the Baracouta. The captain
did not know what the boxes taken on
board at Panama contained and so notified
the Nicaraguan representative.

“Since Minister Merry's arrival in Costa
Rica Nicaragua has cut off all cable com-
munication between poinis south of Nica-
ragua and the United States, excepting such
messages as they see fit to allow to pass
through.”

MR. CLEVELAND HOME AGAIN.
Slips Into Princeton by Carriage —Loving
cup to Be Presented to Him.

PRINCETON, N. J., March Grover
Cleveland came back to Princeton this after-
noon from his hunting trip in the South.
An express train was stopped at Princeton
Junction by the courtesy of a Pennsylvania
Railroad conductor and there he was met
byacarriage. He looked exceedingly well,
however, and remarked that he had had
a fine time.

He had a reason for returning to Prince-
ton by carriage and not by train on the
Princeton Junction road. For many days
the undergraduates of Princeton Univer-
sity have been waiting for a chance to
give him a reception. Everybody felt

sure that somebody would know when the |

train bringing him would arrive, but in
this, it turns out, they were mistaken.
To-night the students are a little chagrined
Searcely a soul knew when or by what
way he came.

From the way things
Mr. Cleveland will have to talk pretty soon.
A loving cup, a tribute from the under-
graduates, will be presented to him next
Monday
phia. It stands 18 inches high on an ebony
base and is of solid silver. There is a brief
inseription on the cup which gives the rea-
son for presenting it

GOLDEN STATE FLIER WRECKED,

Train Rolls Down Thirty Foot Embankment
—Not a Passenger Badly Hurt.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 22.--While running

sixty miles an hour the Golden State limited |
train on the Big Four, which ‘eft here for

St. Louis at 11:05 o'clock this morning,

left the track at Avon, fourteen miles west |

of this city

Every car but one went down a thirty
foot embankment. The accident was due
to a defective frog in a new piece of track
on a fill where the earth had settled

The day coaches, engine, baggage car
and six Pullmans were piled in a heap in
the soft earth at the side of the steep grade
They were badly broken and crushed

There were sixty passengers on the

train, many of them in the buffet, when |

the accident occurred Thirteen passengers
were injured, but none of them mortally
The engineer was killed under his engine
The majority of the injured were only
slightly bruised

Mrs. William B. Strang of New York
was thrown through a Pullman car window.
When she was picked up a number of
diamonds that she wore were missing
She was not seriously hurt

Mrs. Strang is the wife of William B.
Strang, a railroad contractor, who lives
at the Langham, Seventy-third street and
Central Park West.

 

PRINCETON DEBATERS WIN,

Her Orators Triumph Over Those of Both
Yale and Harvard -

Princeton, N. J., March 22

 

Princeton

| had two debating teams in the field to-night,

one against Yale at New Haven and the

mentsis not adapted to modern conditions
and calls for readjustment in the direction
of further centralization.” Princeton took
the negative.
New Haven,

Conn., March 22.--Yale

was defeated to-night in debate with Prince- |

ton on the question of the distribution of
power between the Federal and State gov-
ernments. Yale argued in the affirmative,

 

look, however, !

The cup was made in Philadel- |

 
   

   

 

WHITMAN ASTONISHES POLICE
OF TWENTY-SECOND PRECINCT.

 

Boys a Drink of Whiskey at a Saloon and
Then Goes to the Station, Takes Come
mand, Leads Out One Squad, Makes

W Arrests and Holds Prisoners for Trial.

Charles S. Whitman, president of the
Board of City Magistrates, had dinner with
friends last night and was twitted about
the ease with which almost any one could
get a drink after the saloona were supposed
to be closed. The Magistrate said he in-
tended to find out, and jumping into an
automobile, he rode to Forty-ninth street
and Sixth avenue and walked into a saloon.

He saw that liquor was being sold and
went out. He then visited a saloon at
Forty-seventh street and Eighth avenue,
a block away from the Forty-seventh
#treet station house

He asked the bartender, John McGarry,
for a drink of whiskey, and was served.
This was at 1:25 o'clock.

“Aren't you afraid to sell after hours?”
the Judge asked.

“Oh, no, we've got the police fixed,” he
says the bartender replied.

The Judge then hurried to the station
house, where he asked for Capt. Daly.
Sergt. Boland, who was on the desk, said
that the captain wasn't there.

“I'm Judge Whitman,” he said. “I'm
going to take this desk. Here's my badge.
I want the reserves turned out.”

Sergt. Boland gave way to the Magistrate,
whereupon Judge Whitman sent a squad of
detectives to the Forty-ninth street saloon
and led others to the Forty-seventh street
place himself. Both bartenders were
arrested. When both parties had returned
to the station house, Judge Whitman aaid:

“I'll hold court right here. Call the
first prisoner.”

McGarry was arraigned, and the Magis-
trate said be was accused of violating the
excise law.

“I didn't,” replied McGarry.

“Didn't you sell me « glass of whiskey?”

“No,” replied the bartender.

“You lie!” retorted the Court.
held in $2,500 bail for trial:

The other bartender, James Quinlan,
who also said he was not guilty, was held
in the same amount for trial.

The Magistrate waited at the station
house until 2 o'clock, when the late platoon
was turned out.

Before the sergeant dismissed them
Judge Whitman read them the excise law,
and said:

“I've visited sixteen saloons after hours
to-night and found them ail violating the
law. I want those places closed, whether
they are paying money for protection or
not.”

“You're

 

 

President Says There Will Be No White House
Powwow on Rallroad Legislation.

Str. Paci, March 22.—Gov. Johnson to-
day received a letter from President Roose-
velt in reply to the Governor's proposal for
a conference
commissioners to consider railroad ques-
tions.

“President Roosevelt says there will be
no conference of the Governors of the
| States,” said Gov. Johnson.

NO CONFERENCE OF GOVERNORS,
|
'

GIFT TO DEPUTY CHIEF BINNS,

 

| Sliver Service Presented to Commemorate
His Twenty-five Vears of Fire Service.

Friends of Deputy Fire Chief Binns of
the Manhattan division united in observing

They gathered at the house of Engine
Company 23 in West Fifty-eighth street.
A silver service of five pieces with a tray
was presented to Chief Binns as a gift from
friends in and out of the department.

Assistant Corporation Counsel Michuel
Conry made the presentation speech,
after which a collation was served. Deputy
Chief Binns received his appointment to
| the Fire Department March 20, 1882, and
) served with Hook and Ladder Company
4 until May 20, 1884, when he was ap-
pointed assistant foreman. On August 16
of the same year he was appointed foreman,
He served in that capacity and as acting
|

;

}

his appointment to the Fire Department.
|

{

{

| F.

!

chief of battalion until December 1, 1897,
when he was made was made chief of bat-
talion. On August 14, 1903, he
moted to be deputy chief and has since
served as acting chief when Chief Croker
has been absent.

Chief Binns got the Bennett medal in
! 4885 for the most meritorious act in the
Fire Department for the year 1884, and his
name appears on the roll of merit for meri-
torious Conduct attended by personal risk.

Among the guests at the presentation
remeny were Fire Commissioner Lantry,
Joseph Reilly, William Bruce Brown, M. F.
Loughran. secretary of the Park Board;
| Dr. H. M. Archer and Dr, J. W. Markoe.

Was pro-

 

TAFT Ort ON TRIP TO-DAY.
Secretary of War and His Party to Start for
Isthmian Zone.

, WasHiInoton, March 22.—Secretary Taft
| will leave Washington to-morrow after-
noon for Charleston, where he will board
the Mayflower for his trip to Panama.
In the Taft party will be Senator Kittredge
of South Dakota, Representative T. E.
Burton of Ohio, Representative De Armond
of Missouri, Richard R. Rogers, general
counsel for the Isthmian Canal Commis-
sion; Frederick P. Stearns of Boston, Alfred
Noble of New York, John Ripley Freeman
of Providence and Mr. Taft's confidential

' clerk, W. W. Mischler.
Mr. Stearns, Mr. Noble and Mr. Freeman
are civil engineers who furnished Secretary
| Taft with expert opinion as to the feasibility
of the Gatun Dam site. The party is due
| to arrive at Colon on March 30 and will
} remain on the Isthmus until April 8, when
the Secretary will sail for Havana, arriving
there on April 7
He will spend three days there and then
0 to Porto Rico, reaching there on April 14.
e will remain in Porto Rico for four days
and expects to reach Hampton Roads on
April 22. The trip will be of nearly 6,000
miles

 

England Rejects Wetrie System.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

Lonpon, March 22. The House of Com-
mons rejected to-day, on second reading,
the bill for the adoption of the metric sys-
tem of weights and measuree in the United
Kingdom, by a vote of 150 to 118. Only a
w ago the advocates of the measure
boasted that they had 400 members of
| Parliament pledged to it and that it would
, pass by a large majority.

*

 

|

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

MAGISTRATE MAKES RAID. |

 

BRYCE IS CHOATE’S GUEST,

The Ambassador Stops Of for a Fow Days
on His Way to Canada.

James Bryce, British Ambassador, who is
on his way from Washington to Ottawa,
where he will be the guest of Earl Grey, the
Governor-General of the Dominion, is stop-
ping for a few days with Joseph H. Choate,
with whom he was closely in touch while
Mr. Choate represented the United States
at the Court of St. James's.

A few friends were asked last night to
meet Mr. Bryce at dinner at Mr. Choate’s
house, 8 East Sixty-third street, and to-night
the Ambassador is to be the guest of honor
at the annual dinner of the Pilgrims. Mr.
Bryce, who is accompanied by Mrs. Bryce,
Spent yesterday quietly and the cards of
newspaper men were not taken to him.

Monday evening Mr. Bryce will attend the
banquet at the Union League Club and on
Tuesday at noon there will be a reception
for him at the Chamber of Commerce. In
the afternoon he and Mrs. Bryce will leave
for Canada.

 

NEW CLUES TO WARVIN BOY,
Finding of a Child Reported to President
Roosevelt From Portsmouth, England.

Dover, Del., March 22.—Two more boys
have been found who answer the description
of the stolen Marvin boy. A cablegram
was received by President Roosevelt from
Portsmouth, England, saying that such a
boy has been found there.

The President sent word to Gov. Lea,
who in turn notified the detectives. The
latter refused to say anything about the
case except that an investigation was
under Way.

The second boy found was reported from
Toronto, Canada, but the chief of detectives
said he was positive it wasa case of mistaken
identity. A later message from Toronto
says he is not the Marvin boy.

Dr. Marvin to-night sent a telegram to
Fresident Roosevelt asking that post office
inspectors try to run down the persons
who send him threatening letters, and that
postmasters be instructed to post pictures
of the boy and notices of reward in their
offices.

 

EDWARD BODINE KILLED.

 

Stepped tn Front of a Train at Whitestone
—Had Nervous Trouble.

Edward Bodine of West Brighton, Rich-

mond borough, was struck by a train and

instantly killed at the Whitestone station

of the Long Island Railroad yesterday after- |

noon. Mr. Bodine was 83 years of age

He was formerly in the lumber business
i

at Staten Island and was wealthy. For
eight or nine years he had been a voluntary
patient at Dr. Harrison's sanitarium at
Whitestone He suffered from a nervous

trouble, but was able to go about and was |

strong and vigorous.

He was under no restraint and became
well known in Whitestone, College Point
and Flushing. Yesterday afternoon he
had occasion to go to the depot and when

he started to cross the track he stepped in {

front of atrain he had not seen approach-
ing. Engineer Frederick Loder could not
stop in time to save Bodine's life. Loder was
detained for a time by the police and then
paroled. Mr. Bodine leaves a daughter
and two sons

HIMSELF

 

THREW BEFORE CAR,

 

, Bieycle Cop Whitman Saves a Maniac

of Governors and railroad ,

last night the twenty-fifth anniversary of |

|

a

Painter From suicide.

Bicycle Policeman “Ajax” Whitman was
speeding through 125th street last night
when he saw a man dive in front of an
eastbound Third avenue car near Madison
avenue. Whitman put on the brakes,
hopped off his wheel and grabbed the man
just as the car reached him.

The man eaid he was Fdward Skennion,
a painter of Westchester, and that he
wanted to die. While he was being taken
to a cell he began to act like a maniac.
A half dozen policemen had all they could
do to held him until a Harlem ambulance
arrived. He was put in a straitjacket
and taken to the Bellevue psychopathic
ward,

 

BANDMASTER BAYNE

ALC Tits Front Door When Robber Struck Him
and Grabbed at His Walen.

William Bayne, bandmaster of the Sixty-
ninth Regiment, was unlocking the front
door of his home at 53 Third avenue late
last night when he received a powerful
blow on the back of his head. When he
turned his assailant grabbed at his watch,
tore part of the chain away and then ran
down Third avenue

Prof. Bayne yelled for help. Policeman
O'Brien hurried up and chased a man he
saw running not faraway The cop caught
the man and took him to the Fifth street
station house.
Roach of 229 East Eleventh sire-t. Prof.
Bayne said he thought the prisoner was
the man who tried to rob him.

SLUGGED

 

$300 FOR A GOOD YALE SONG,

President Hadley Announces Increase
the Heald Prize.

New Haven, March 22.~ President Had-
ley, to arouse greater interest among Yale
men to write a Yale song that will be worth
singing, has just announced that the Heald
prize of $50 for the best Yale song has been
increased to $300 by contributions of Yale
graduates.

President Hadley to-day said
college song in the country is ‘Old Nassau
The words by themselves are abominable

of

“The best

and the ture can hardly he said to rise }
above mediocrity: but the fit is something |

absolutely extraordinary

“The two things which to-day come
nearest to being Yale songs, ‘Amici’ and
‘March, March On Down the Field,’ have
this element of fit.”

 

BLUECHER MISSES

 

4 SHOCK,

 

Damaged Walls Shaken Down in Kingston
—People Pantestricken.
Special Cable Despatch to Tag Sun

Kinaston, Jamaica, March 22.—A_ vin-
lent shock of earthquake occurred here at
4:40 o'clock this evening. The people were
panicstricken

A number of walls damaged in the pre-
vious quakes were thrown down.’ 's$0° far
as known nobody was hurt

The tourists on the Bluecher just miseed
the experience, she having sailed shorily
before the shock was felt

eh

NEW YORK HERALD'S EASTER NUMBER.
Sunday. March 724 Five full pages tn color by
best American artists—Siz masterpieces of fiction -
Original Storles—Little Nemo—These are only a

few—Order now.—Ada ’

He said he was Lawrence |

   
   
 
  
  
     
     
   
  
  
     
      
  
  
 
    
   
     
   
    
    
    
   
    
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
    
    
  
    
  
  
  
  
  

\

JBavonpay, ‘Manca 23,7100 ?, ‘oun
Fair and ‘warmer -to-day;. fair to-morrow,

Wena
PRICE TWO CENTS. '

THAW’S LETTERS 10 J.D. LYON

JEROME CONTENDS THAT THEY
SHOW INSANITY,

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Incoherent in Many Places—Some of Them
Written to Ills Banker Since His Arrest
~Jerome Says He Did Not Mean to
Refiect on Lawyer Hartridge—Jary
Excused Until Wednesday—Thaw Affle

The jury which has been trying Harry K.
Thaw for the murder of Stanford White
was excused yesterday until next Wednes-
day. This means that Justice FitzGerald
will probably not announce his decision
before that day as to the appointment of
a lunacy commission to determine whether
Thaw is now sane,

The affidavits to be submitted by Thaw's

afternoon and filed with Chief Clerk Carroll
of the Court of General Sessions, Then
copies will be presented to Justice Fitz-
Gerald and ‘istrict Attorney Jerome at
once. If Ju

appoint a lunacy commission he will notify
the lawyers at once.
It was said last night that about seventeen

FitzGerald by the defence. All the lawyers
and alienists will make affidavits. An

Thaw is not sufferingfrom paranoia,as the
doctors for the prosecution say, and that
he is able to advise with his counsel.

One of the affidavits will be made by
Delphin Michael Delmas. He will embody
in his affidavit a letter he received from
Thaw the day after the defence opened.
In this letter Thaw gave to Mr. Delmas the
entire charge of the conduct of the defence
during the trial.

Behind this letter is a story of the troubles
of the first day or so of the defence. After
the opening speech to the jury by Lawyer
John B. Gleason Dr. Wiley of Pittsburg was
put on the stand as the first expert for the
defence. Mr. Delmas was not very well
pleased with Mr. Gleason's speech. He
was less pleased after Mr. Jerome tore holes
in the testimony of Dr. Wiley.

At the. conclusion of Dr. Wiley’s cfoss-
examination Mr. Delinas sent word to
Thaw that he would like to know just how
the lawyers for the defence were to be
| aligned. Mr Delmas announced that if
things were to be run the way they had
been the first day he would not take the
responsibility for the autcome of tho case.
He did not say that he would retire from
the case, as that would look as if he were
deserting his client, but he made it plain
that he would take a back seat and would
not answer for the conduct of the case.
| On the face of it Mr. Delmas’s affidavit
| means that the captain of the Thaw legal
forces believes that when Thaw took that ac-
tion it was the course that a sane man would
take. Mr. Delmas will swear that Thaw
is able to advise with his counsel and se
will the other lawyers

It was thought that some of Thaw’s rela-
tives would make affidavits, but this will
not be done. It could not be learned last
night whether Thaw would submit to a
physical examination so that the experts
could swear to th> results. It was said
last night that it was pretty certain that
there would be no physical examination
of Thaw.

Incorporated in the affidavit submitted
by Mr. Jerome on Thursday to show that
Thaw is insane were the letters written by
Thaw to J. Denniston Lyon, his Pittsburg
banker. Some of the letters were written
before White was killed and some of them
since Thaw has been in the Tombs. The
contention of Mr. Jerome is that the letters
show that Thaw is not of sound mind.

One of the letters was written from the
| Republican Club. It says:
| Dear Denny: Im sorry that the manager
of Miss N's (Evelyn Neshit; hotel is an idiot.
She stopped one night at a place called the
Cumberland, but was disturbed by Street
noises ‘The hotel contains ladis who have
) frequently invited me for the night.

 

No one was moved, and all meals were
, served,
Now she has a better place with a nice

woman. Mrs. Kane |\Came}, a friend of her

family's
I never saw this Sweat, nor spoke nor wrote

him

You know of her misfortunes

Mr. Holman married her Mother three
yeurs too late. He is trying to keep her
quet, and must do so

Should the facts come out, no one but wd
| believe she sold the child to the most notorious
dastard in N. ¥

kLvertthing proves it

|, and a very few other persons know she
did not mean wrong but since infancy she was
Jealous of and dishked the child, and was gulled
toan unbelievable eatent by this blackguard
and :

If He says anything to any of us or eng
one, assure Mr. H. that they must say nothing.
Unless she desires to accuse the criminal,
there by showing that she and the girl were
innocent Victims, and the girl not even foal-
| ished, but thrown by an inconceivably unwise
relative

You must know this in case Mr. H. is over-
bourn the desires silence) so you ean hold
him “dead” He knows | could “otherwise”
gladiv marry and no one object

| purposely confuse these pronouns, though
this letter is only for yr private ear

Otherwise all very well

Of course it is hard on all—I ednt regret it
more—and al! caused by the popular baboot

at heart the worst rotter in America,

Best regards—when sh'd I come to Pgh.
and for 2 days ora week? Yrs very sincerely,

H. K, Ta

Another letter has the note at the top,
which is so characteristic of many of Thaw’s
letters. The letter was written from the
Hotel Wolcott in this city and saya;

Never pay this outlawed “ill of Thor-
leys—not let my estate pay it—they wd,
not arrainge so now it all is ouflawed
as I have never been a foreign resident.

Dean Denny: | only need 10 to 15000 for
the 2 Steels (1 have them already have about
$3900 profit) As | seemed over rich { paid
1200 plus 500 plus X equalling about $3000
| of bills
| 15000

 

| Smithfleld Sr.

} Coke

(Cash ete left from 5000 checque
to Gates & Co. most of which
I can return in 10 days)

7000

6000

; 18400
Now they might say how much they cd,

After all, USB EM’s Me Seoten
twat made Whe bighball famous.—Ads,

x

|

davits as to Sanity to Be Ready To-day.

counsel are to be ready by 2 o'clock thie

ce FitzGerald should decide .
before Wedneaday that he will or will not *

affidavits would be submitted to Justice”

affidavit will also be made by Dr. George
F. Shiels, who will swear in substance that:

 

*

SEP ts

ns

‘
N

 

 

*
4