“Vol. LXMIX.—NO. 37.
\IMJAN FORCES IN PERIL

DURST BATTLE AT TRIPOLT WAS. in the first two expeditions,
Lh BUT DISASTROUS. | Italy has officially notified the Powers
, poof the cessation of Turkish rule in north

&

    

the nen now there caused} by casualties
and sickness. This expedition will in-
clide 1,000 men of the Grenadiers, Italy's
tallest soldiers, who were not represented

 

Turks Repulsed in Pour Hour Fieht Ves. oe ‘i Gana a pad ean
" ‘ ‘ BeSSIONR Wi extenc 0 he Egyptiar
terday Foret s tn Dre } . : :
' tt whee - at ' frontier on the east, the Tunisian frontier
6 Vassacre New Troops Arrive on the west, and south as far aa the British |
cud Situation May New Be Wetter, and French zones of influencefin Central
1 Cable Despatches to THE SUN, Africa.

; +: Ot, oie ; ie | Avavata, Sicily, Oct. 26. The principal
| it, Oct. 2 fe enemy made! warship which participated in the bom-

an ttack upon the (ulian forces | hardment of Tripoli and Bengazi reas-

‘fore sunrise this morning, direct- | sembled here to-day and are coaling and
ing their movement against the lines | taking on supplies. Admiral Aubrey will
posteon RueMeliana Springs and Shara. Son take these ships to the Egean Sea
“° The attacking force of Turkish hee RE ne ay wee

i taneously from Beirut to Alexandretta
irtillery and infantey, estimated | and occupy a number of islands with the
men, advanced under cover of | idea of demonstrating that opposition by
The {the Turks is useless.

elity Was shelled by the ships off the | The Powers have been notified, it is

water courses and sand hills

tow) and the roaring of guns afloat j inderstoc - and have no objection ta the
Prrovernneny

and ashore Josted for four houra The} Loynos, Oct. 26.--The Bank of England
att failed | shipped to-day 200,000 sovereigns (81,-

siid that the Turks lost severely 1 900,004) to Constantinople. There the Ot-
| Italian lines, which were steady | toman Bank will distribute the gold among
ts ishont, were reenforced. They had | toe small banks which are threatened with
; ; ; j ruin by the stringency caused by the short-
plenty of ammunition. ‘The scout work | ge of Turkish gold. The crops in Turkey
wis tone by aeroplanes, which signalled |have been good and there is plenty of
the ships the position of the Turks money in the country, but it is thought

The Ttalians are patrolling the town | that a great deal of it has heen hoarded

s.arply. lest there be treachery on the | PTivately because of the war
pirtof the Arab residents BERLIN, Oct. 26. The Frankfurter Zei-
s . goat fung says the Italian Government made a
MALTA, Oct, 28.~ Several English cor | protest recently to the Egyptian Govern-
respondents have heen expelled from

ment at Cairo against the ineffective sur-
veillance which enabled Turkish officers
in Keypt toe leave for Bengazi. The
Government of the Khedive replied in a
note in which regret was expressed that

Tripoli for not complying with the rules
f censorship. They have arrived here
and describe the fighting at Tripoli on
Monday as more disastrous to the Italians

an the Italians have admitted

The Englishmen say that the Italians
oo killed and wounded. The Italian
1 became most dangerous on the
left wing and the troops were compelled
to retire a quarter of a mile the next}
day [t was a strategic move, but the |
enemy regarded it as an evidence of their
‘ietory and became greatly elated. The
Itallan soldiers were correspondingly
dapressed

The situatfon is deseribed as precarious

sons Was impossible. It was said that the
officers were probably travelling alone
and in disguise, and that therefore it
Was impossible to intercept them

at

noeitt
posit!

SHOT STOPS MOTOR BOAT.

Fort Wadsworth Sentry Was on the Look.
out for Dock Thieves.

bk. J. Marschall, F. G. Brameyer and

George McGuire, three letter carriers, and

Thomas Lindsey, a fisherman, all of Sta-

pleton, Staten Island, passing Fort Wads-

 

Che

 

NEW YORK,

an adequate surveillance over such per- |

FRIDAY, OCTOBER

‘ATHLETICS ROUT THE GIANTS'

| B Powder Sizzles on the Justice —Fire on

| Hoard the Diderot.

|} GAIN WORLDS BASEBALL TITLE | spectil Cattle Despatch to THE SUN

IN FARCICAL GAWE. | ‘Torton, Oct. 26. ‘Two naval disasters

| were narrowly averted off Hyeres this
| morning as French battleships were prac-

| Ames and Wiltse Batted Out of Bov and | tising. The first acare cane on the Jus-

\ 53 Runs Netted by Victors Bender | tice, which with the ill fated Liberté rep-

Pitches Super Ball Seventh tnning resented France at the Hudson-Fulton

| Secs Seven Hits and Seven Mune, | celebration

     

FIRES ON FRENCH WARSHIPS.

 

 

| PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 26. The Giant i characteristic fizzing of fuses in the mov-
| Structure toppled, swayed and came down | ing platform just over one of the maga-
| hard to-day in the final game of the world’s | zines. The fizzing was followed by
faeries. It could not withstand the re. |Mashes. The gun officer coolly ordered
lentless battering of the Athletics, and the the magazine flooded and the order was

; : s rapidly executed, As a precautionary
defeat of the prides of Gotham was so measure two other adjacent powder
overwhelming that statisticians

mnarazines were flooded,
busy after the game trying to remember | f§The battleship then staamedfinto Toulon
whether there bas ever been a world {and reported the cirenmetance, The
series contest hetween the two present

powder was landed immediately and was

o be , é “ ’
day major leagues in which auch a had found to be of the fatal 1006 B variety
beating was inflicted |

were

| which caused the disaster to the Liberté,
An hour later the battleship Diderot
In putting on the finishing strokes of | signalled that she had fire on board,
the revenge he has been looking for since | caused by the short circuiting of adynamo
1905 Connie Mack did it Workmen who were on board made for
The score to-day was 13 to 2 the boats The crew remained at their
; poste and rapidly extinguished the fire
the American League and

champions, and the result of
four games to two in favor of the Ath-
latices, represents fairly well the difference
in the ability of the two teams in a short
atretch of games. The battles were all
close except the final one this afternoon
and that wasa mere romp for the winners | William A. Stokes in his auit to recover
once they had jumped into their stride jan $18,000 honse at 606 St. Marks avenue,
| The delivery of three New York pitchers | Which he gave to his former wife, Mra.
was castigated, flogged and otherwise! Elizabeth S. Hitchings, before he secured
| pounded to the four points of the compass, | the annulment of their marriage on the

| ' ' x ok jground that Mrs. Hitchings’s first hus-
that being the main reason for the one- i band was still alive.

completely
in favor of
universa, o
the series. | STAKES CAN'T HAVE THE HOUSE,
Court Holds That Mrs. Hitchings May
Keep 815,000 Wedding Present.

Justice Aspinall in the Supreme Court
in Brooklyn yesterday decided that both
the facts and the law were againat Col.

sided result. Contributing reasons were! (Col. Stokes, then commander of the
the supertine pitching of Bender and the | Twenty-third Regiment, married Mrs.
had fielding of the New Yorkers when | Hitchings about five years ago. He

fact, | @ave the house to herasa wedding present.
; Later he brought suit for annulment and
on the second trial he won, Soon after-
ward he married again.

When the suit for annulment was on
itrial the defendant applied to Justice
Marean for an order compelling Stokes
}to file the deed to the house in question.
{She said that he had given her the deed

the hits thick
Grouped errors {mes and Murray,
| wae was a Weak tnember all through the
‘series, were really the line of cleavage
| between a close game and a landslide
| They occurred in the fourth inning, and
from that on the game resolved itself
into an avalanche in which the Giante
were buried

were fying and

by

4 the ftallan outposts are he Jand that she had requested him to file it
an ‘ o vOstea aM ror § ° * } : :
The military arr - as a E cae 2. worth in a small motor boat last night, The New Yorks had no monopoly of |soon after their marriage, but had juat
rh whale ares $ = i. ’ ae ; beg “| were told to halt by a sentry. They did| bad fielding. The Athletics were loose | learned — it was two years later —fhat he
@ ‘ oee f a s Ircie oe < . : :
; : Lee Pee not stop. Thesentry ranalong the shore, | that way themselves, but their misplays | had failed to do so, though pretending he
whose ends rest on the seashore. There ¥ ; : | y x
re no reserves in the town and only two | °@!ling again to them to stop. They stil] | were more than trivial compared to New|had earried out her wishes. Justice
ene ‘ ow only two ¢ > ‘ é .
= ; miss oe n and only two | refused York's and besides they conld afford to irean ordered Stokes to file the deed
varships remain off the city

|

So when the sentry reached the Quar-
antine station he went aboard the health
Officer's boat Staten Island, which put out
after the motor boat. The searchlight
illumined the mail carriers and fisherman,
} They are arranging for Euro- | 0" they kept right a-going. The sentry

to board ships if it becomes ioe ao gin, and at that the motor boat

‘anary | 1a tec ; ,

; 7 } When the Staten Island got alongside
I troops to the number of 1,190 1a motor bates deemed & mead call

Tie left wing is still hard pressed and

t broken the situation will be as
rruve as possible. The Consulsare realiz-
* the possibility of the breaking of the

“' wing and fear that a massacre will |
Ww

I

surprised.

rorthwith

Justice Aspinall in his decision holds
that the proper action at law would have
been an appeal from Justice Marean's

sidering the way they were hitting the
ball. For fielding excellence the highest
honors were won by Baker, Davis, Collins
and Devore. Collins a great}order and not proceedings brought at
amount of ground. Davis, Baker and [this late date. As to the facta, the Justice
Devore did their good work on fly balls, | finds that Stokes married Mrs. Hitchings
and but for the dashing fielding of Giant | without making the proper inquiries as to
Josh in the left campus the Athletics |her first husband.

would have had more hits. The number
thirteen had no terrors for the Athletics,

fall by the wayside on the defence, con- |

covered

The gun ‘avers in turret 10 heard the |

RESCUES CREW OF BURNING

DREDGE FROM PONTOON.
|

 

| woman Known to Every One Who
Passes Tybee Light Had Just Risen to
Wave Farewell to Outgoing Schooner
When Glare Told Her of Danger.

SAVANNAH, Ga, Oct. 26 Miss Annie
Martus, known to seafaring men the
world over and to all who have entered
the port of Savannalyby sea as the Wav-
ing Girl because of the fact that
Salutes every incoming and outgoing
vessel that comes to this port with a wav-
ing lantern or a waving handkerchief,
is the hergine of Savannah to-day because
of her splendid work early this morning
in rescuing men who were on board Dredge
15, belonging to P Sanford Ross, which
burned to the water about eight miles
from Savannah

One man, Eugene Auguatua, a Porto
Rican, lost his life in the fire, but the
thirty-one others were saved, and eight
of these owe their lives to Miss Martus,
who rescued them on a pontoon which
they had cut away from the dredge and
upon which they were being carried rap-
idly to sea when she pulled to them in a
rowboat and getting a line attached to the
pontoon rowed hack to her home
Tybee light

After rescuing these men Miss Martus,
aided by her brother, saved the others
from the marsh where they had climbed,
reaching it by the pipe line that led from
the dredge

The crew of thirty-two men included
Americans, Swedes, Norwegians, Span-

she

 

| TYBEE'S WAVING GIRL SAVES 8)

| the consequent alarm brought out four

 

iards, Porto Ricans and (Greeks, fow |

of whom speak English
boys, however, Carl Olsen and John
Brennen, were aboard Olsen, like the
others, eacaped barely with his life in his
underclothing, having hastily snatched
up a blanket from his bunk before jump-
ing to the small pontoon, from which

Two Savannah

|

|

    

CAVALIERL GOT $70,000

nH Settlement of Her Troubles With Rob
Chanter, Says a Friend.

Mra. Jessie Baskerville, whose apecialty
is the training of opera singers and who
is an intimate friend of Mme, Lina Cava-
lieri, returned Jast evening aboard the
Cunarder Mauretania with the informa-
tion that the troublea between Mme.
Cavalieri and her hsuband, Bob Chanler,
ex-Sheriff and artist, had been settled by
the payment of $70,000

Another passenger by the Mauretania
was Miss A. Maude Royden, daughter of
Sir Thomas Royden and president of the
Chester (England) Woman Suffrage
Society. Miss Royden's specialty — is
Shakespeare, but incidentally she is an
ardent advocate of woman suffrage. She
isa graduate of Oxford and wants every-
body to know that she doesn't believe in
the methods of the militant suffragettes,
She will lecture here partly under the
patronage of Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont on
“Political Equality for Women.”

Samuel Guggenheim, who has been
abroad three months, spoke hopefully of
industrial conditions in Europe

FALSE ALARW IN HOTEL,

Automatic Signals in Martinique Go
Wrong and Bring Engines,

The automatic fire alarms on the firet,

eighth and ninth floors of the Hotel Mar

tinique went off by accident last night and

fire engines, a truck, hook and ladder 24,

; Deputy Chief Binns and all of Broadway
a

in the neighborhood
As soon as it was learned what had bap-

pened the hotel manager tried to keep the |

firemen out, assuring them they weren't
needed, but they wanted to make sure,
80 four inembers of Hook and Ladder 24
wandered about
that a crossed wire had caused the auto-
matic hooks to drop, sending in the alarm
Some of the quests smelling the amoke
blown in through the open windows from
the engines on the street went down-
stairs to interview the clerks and were told
to go back to bed.

JUMPED IN| PATH OF AUTO.

 

he and seven men were rescued by the | Cyrus Sulzberger Rushes Injured Boy to

Waving Girl

First Assistant Engineer John J. Doug-
las testifies to the heroism displayed by
the Waving Girl. He says they were
thankful indeed when they saw her stegr-

ing the launch toward them as they were |

sinking in the marsh. “You can just
give her all the credit,” said Mr. Douglas
to-day. “She is a brave girl and had it
not been for her goodness knows what
would have happened to us

“There was a mad scramble when the
boat reached us and they would have all

piled in the launch and probably sunk | that h

her if I had not ordered them back and
made them get in one at a time until a
boatload was ready. It took two trips

|
|

Hospital
James KE

(hauffeur surrenders,
Lyman, 14 vears old, of 27
Aisterdam avenue, stealing a ride on the
rear platform of a Tenth avenue street
car, jumped off in front of Cyrus L. Sulz-
berger'’s automobile at Fifty-sixth street
and Tenth avenue last night. The boy
was knocked to the pavement

Mr. Sulzberger directed his chauffeur,
JW. Spencer, to pick up the boy and he
Was rushed to Roosevelt Hospital. There
Dr Keyes found thet his right foot had
been smashed, several ribs broken and
e was probably internally injured
The chauffeur then drove to the West
sorty-seventh street police station and
reported the accident Mr. Sulzberger

Farrar, OCTOBER 27, 1911.
Increasing cloudiness to-day; rain to-night or
to-morrow; westerly winds.

until they discovered |

ha

th thirty guns arrived on Wednesday | ; ;

vd landed near Sharsett to strengthen They said that they could
sleft. It is reported that 5,000 Tuareg
ssrnen ard advancing on Tripoli and

ther battle is expected

hear no one calling them owing to the
| noise of their engine. When questioned
jat the dock by two officers from the fort
| they said they had been fishing off Coney

     

The Arabs who attacked the Italians’ , :
ear on M Abe | aa Aor : jean Island Point. They had bait and fish in
isguise and their outhre ik Caused a tor. | Me boat and offered the soldiérs the priv-

liiege of searching their craft. The sol-

for they massed thirteen hits and thirteen
runs and stacked up thirteen assists

CHIEF BENDER'S SUPERR PITCHING
The astute Mack rather surprised the

to the peak. They sav the chief isn't

DRUGGIST HELD UP.

Two Robbers With Pistols Loot Cash
| Register and Escape.
| Two young men appeared in the drug

public when he sent Chief hender-baaiey storeof bh. Goldstein at 1016 Tiffany street,

Bronx, at 11:15 o'clock last night

The
Said one of them, blowing his nose

to get us all out of the marsh.”

lives at 516 West End avenue
Miss Martus had just got up and dressed |
|
!
|
'

—_—-— -

MRS. TAFT GOES TOWASHINGTON

to wave a farewell to the schooner William
J. Quilan, which was going ont of the
harbor. She had just completed dressing
| when the glare from the burning dredge

 

Will Join the President at Hot Springs,
Va., Later.

| attracted her, Without waiting for her! Boston, Oct. 26.- Mrs. Taft, wife of the
brother she hastily embarked in the! President, and Miss Helen Taft left here
launch and went to the reseve. Her jfor Washington to-night in a private car

» panic “wing ft » atyaeta ; good for a quick comeback, that he isn't
Ae Be dh aae: el poten ann cat declined, but the Stapleton police} robust enough to pitch twice in three | “Doctor, Ve ae Spe aor oe .
Vidren were mixed up with the com- did soand found nothing. days. Maybe he isn’t ordinarily, but hs #cole Can youmix me something forit
bitants. | It is said that merchandise of different | did to-day. Under the stimulus of put- G Adstein turned to his bottles. When
Crowds flocked to the shore and em-| ‘inds has been stolen from the Govern-| ting the capsheaf on his team's sue-| he looked around at the afflicted one

j ment

wat

dock recently and the sentry on
| to-night thought this boat had
i landed or was about to do so for the pur-
| De of robbery
{

| CHURCH BARS MOTION PICTURES

barked tn
were

amall boats. The consulates
packed with terrified Europeans
In the meanwhile the Arabs near Sharsett
ambuscaded a detachment of bersaglieri,
of whom many were killed. Eyewitnesses
say that betwen eighty and ninety of the
detachment were killed outright i Trustees
BERLIN, Oct. 27.--Italy is not getting! Change His Plan for Sunday Evenings.
BLIGH SAGOEA@ONONS ID THE ROWEPSDOM) A oan, N, 0, Cot. ~The Hav
of her allies, whose correspondents | acesea a Me Sos eae _ ae
North Africa point out that the situation ieorge J Bev ker, pastor of Grace Pres-
byterian Church, announced to-day that

th

ae

Cause Montclair Pastor to

cesses against the National Leaguers he| he was facing the muzzle of a revolver

not only pitched his third game of the, two revolvers, for the other stranger
}series but pitched it superbly, held the! had behind the counter and
| Giants to four widely scattered safeties | also had the druggist covered with a gun
and would have Hlanked them with good| Goldstein obeyed an order to throw
}support. He made good use of a change! up his hands While one of the young
{of pace to-day, had a slow hall which |
| added to his effectiveness. Ames started!
with a flourish and the game looked asj
;if it was going to be another
jbattle. It didn't look thar

stepped

took $295 from the cash register and $8
from the apotheeary's pockets. Then
they told him to be quiet and disappeared

Ir minutes before Goldstein
fared to call up the police,

 

pitchers’

way long WAS fer
The further they went with Ames the |

 

is extremely black. An instance is the : ; i
Lokalaneciger's Tripoli despatches, sent he would not adhere to his plan to illus- | better the Athletics liked him.and by the, The neighberhood is populous and
by way of Tunis, which says that ihe | trate his Sunday evening sermons with | fourth inning they were hitting him freely, | several persons passed the store while
, 4 ; ; i | motion pictures, He said the trustees |The tussle was pretty onesided by the | the holdup was in progress
ltalian advance to the hinterland is out | ; | ¢ or ’ , | :
of the question; that chol5ra is raging }of the church at a conference last night | Hine Wiltse came into it, and it became '
bp biel ke lcame to the conclusion that his innova- The INJURED IN SUBWAY CAR,

among the troops, provisions are scarce
and wheeled transportation is impracti-
cable owing to the sand,
The Turks have carried off most of the
imels, and the imported horses and
mules are worse than useless in the desert
1 is said that 30,000 irregular Arab cav-
have asserobled in the hinterland
neoof the Malta versions of the recent
is that the Turks feigned retreat
» pursued by the Italians, who
surrounded suddenly by Arabs,

tion was too far in advance of the times
for the church

Mr Hecker said the church would
‘therefore confine itself to the use of the

iment for young and old on week nighta,

tosermons. He gave the first of his mov-

(
and the attraction
despite the disagreeable weather

The elder and more conservative mem-

 

fs red into their ranks a deadly | bers of the church felt that such enter-| made a run in the first inning and collected; 6er". The emergeney cord was pulled
. e. A furious fight followed, both | tainment as the pictures afforded did not } zeros until the ninth, when thev tallied | to prevent the train from starting, though
? ing heavily. Three companies of | conduce to the sacredness of the Sunday |once more. Doyle made the first run, | Hit precaution is unnecessary now that
tlierl were annihilated and several J evening service, and it was because of | With Devore out, he hit the first ball {Subway trains are automatically halted | Hanson actually feared her
ers who were captured were mutilated | thei, disapproval that the movement was! pitched to right field for two bases. Snod- | UnUL every door is closed
hanged labandoned. 11 was planned to give mo-| grass flied to Lord, and it looked like| ‘The train went on after Mrs, Egan had

elturning remnant of the force is
‘e brought to Tripoli
ed, and the jubilant Arabs of the |

| ton pictures every other Sunday through-
out the winter, and the Rev. Mr. Becker,

Ti)

A

iguih thon picaliadl ka lind baer vaneniad who recently was installed as pastor,
: ‘ ee ae : 93 | Was enthusiastic over the prospect of
hts, Oct, 26. - Native runners pouring | increasing the attendance at the Sunday
Kairwan report the massing of | evening services by the use of the cine-

! r bands bound for Tripoli ac- |

7 \ f t ' matograph
ed by es or importance ;
1 by tribes of minor Importance | nie geoker is a young man and had the

b forward by the |
support of the younger element
congregation in the enterprise. He said
\ : | to-day that no ill feeling had been en-
FOURD | fendered because of the opposition to the
moving pictures and that the verdict
of the trustees would be complied with
The first of the week night moving. pic-
tures will be ywiven in the church on ‘Cues -
day cvening, November 7

 

voing driven
ais vaging in Bejan, Bizerta and
wos of the pro
irpelt by refuges
Oct. 26. Offictal reports have it
ie itnation at Tripoli is improving,
reconnaisances have revealed |
fuel that 6,000 Turks are strongly |
hed ten miles beyond the [talian
whieh have beon reenforced

lectorute,

1 WAP DOG SCARE,

hips off Tripoli threw shells Terrier Chases Youth and Causes Hotel
tothe vicinity of an oasis where Panic Reserves Called Out,
any Avrnte Tho seatteres ;
ug ie . Maret 4 small fox terrier darted around a
whoel iripol the [talians have -corner. into Broadway about 8 o'clock

{a omillon inds of Mauser’ 1, t night
i i”

At Thirty-ninth street stood

ing picture sermons on last Sunday night, |
packed the church |

of the!

much more ao before he quit it
delivery of the slim southpaw was torn!
to shreds by the Athletics, the tearing |
being concentrated in the seventh inning. |
Seven hits and seven runs illuminated |

Woman Caught tn Closing Side Door and
Her Log Fractured,
A side door on a subway train that was

|

played all hands round. Marquard was | 8ttion in The Bronx late yesterday after-

jiustead of introducing them as adjuncts! bumped for a couple of hits during his |!00n Closed before Mrs, Margaret Egan | mp,

stay on the trembling throne and turned | ad Wholly pressed herself into the
on a heetic wild pitch which let in two | cro’ fed car It caught her left foot,
runs and Mrs. kygan, trying to wrench herself
i The only distinction earned by the)! oo fell ty the car floor,

, Giants was that of scoring first ‘They | She screamed and so did other passen-

a blank when Murray sent a fly in Mur- jheen carried to the station platform,
j phy’s direction, Murphy came in on the | Her left leg was fractured and there were

fly and muffed it squarely, Doyle hustling | Cuts on her forehead where it had hit
jin from second on the misplay. Murray, '!!* floor \ Lebanon Hospital ambu-
| was 60 pleased at reaching first hase that | ance took her to the home of a friend she

he rambled too far away from that sane- | Ad been visiting before she started to
| tuary and was caught napping by Bender | come down town on the subway to her
‘and Davis own home at 14l West 122d street.
! Murphy earned a full and honorable
| pardon for his error by his heavy batting
' This particular member of the devouring
herd of blond pachyderms mauled his way
through the opposing pitching for four |
base hits, thus duplicating Doyle's feat of
yesterday,

AMES STARTED WELI

; The Athletics did nothing with

CRUSHED BY WOWEN'S AUTO,

Car Bearing New England Tourists Ser.
jously Injures Bookkeeper.

A touring car in which Miss Mary Me-
Ajeer and her sister of 1487 Beacon street,
| Brookline, Mass., were completing a trip
lfroin Poston to New York ran over José
’ | Garcia, a bookkeeper of 318 West 134th
jin the first inning. Lord was thrown out) neat. at Eighth avenue and 134th street
hy Doyle, Ames putting the hall over last night Gareia, stepping from behind
[eee Opening with three: halls Ones Ja pillar of the elevated railroad, did not
; Oldring and Collfs struck out. Morklet io, the automobile and was under the

retired on a skyseraper to Oldring in the | heels before the chauffeur could stop
| second, but Herzog thrust a liner to Barry, | Miss MoAleer had the injured man

Ames

im as rey] , {who didn't hold it, although he was :
Salis add tion to many stands af | Policeman Dobbins and near him was 4! wquarely infront of it. Fletcher and Her | lifted into the car and taken to Harlem
boa roiie “ ri ' ’ : . ity ,
eihavbetciethcto 1 wes apparently) young man. ‘The dog passed the police- | ang tried to work a bunt and run game, | Hospital. From there the women oon-
to 4 teeate rinto > Tior « ” , i . ity ‘
for tranamission into the interior. | tian and made for the young man, who Herzog breaking for third as Fletcher | tinued on to the Ritz-Carlton, an
1 for arms continues, but int ated to mun. Up Broadway toward bunted. The bunt rolled fou! and He raog|. (larela sustained internal injuries and
t * . > Hn 4 ‘ > 4 } z tas
what Nas been discovered the | a corner and then to Sixth avenue the |p d to he back wond. which base (it Lreken collarbone, His condition was
eed hot fear another attack from | oli : ag Fo heat tb biek to sevond, which haa srious that Father Walsh of the Church
liwo went, with Policernan McNamara J so serious that Father Waleh of the Churo

nride the liner ‘of trafic C joining in the chase

SR ee plan i Ads ApMe BLO ne The nan saw a door open — It led into
ae torn th af a ae me ‘the Hotel Mumm, at Thirty-ninth street
\n ic ; ATaMTNRe Re ha iat Roo ixth avenue Through this opening

‘ : POP Ne ran with the small dog after him

and each will be equipped with Moh’ He Ruahede inrolehe a. pean Gaon

cavalry scouts and aerop)
of aeroplanes over the ity
Nripoli has terrified the natives,
iding in Caves
ho Wspe pers rete bitte;
the strtetnecs ni the censar-

and «lammed it before the dog got him
Moanwhile overtumed a glass
cigar counter and a table trying to get
houtofthe path of the animal
Dobbins and

guests

Ww their

Poloetnen MeNamara

jhehadstolen. He died at second, Fletcher
‘fanning and Meyers being nipped by th

| fast flelding of Collina on the chief's jab

| over second

With Baker out ona fly to Devore in the

‘second Murphy rammed a single over
second, Doyle making a fine stop, Neither |

Davis nor Barry could advance Murphy ‘ ‘ ;
Barry struck out on a drop ball whieh ANNaPoLIB, Md., Oct, 96. -The inveati-

hit the ground. Everybody was dum. | #tion ef the hazing of two midshipmen
founded in the third inning when Amon | Het Sunday morning in the presence of
stabbed at the first ball pitched and drove | {80 young women has been completed

i jof St. Mark the Evangeliat was called to

ladminister extreme unction.

HAZING MIDSHIPMEN KNOWN,

Investigators Also Discover Names of
Young Women Witnesses,

 

w) "| drove the doy into the street with their 4 line single to left, Devore tried to saeri- | Tthe board will probably hand in its
ng that what the offieial; nipghtsticks and there shot it. to death : report to-morrow

\ Aa aitivi : } fice and forced Ames at second. Doyle ;
hed asa skirmich on Mon-« while the reserves held the crowd back \failad to Baler, and Davare fan init {tis reliably but unofficially announced
Viity a severe bittle hi Won PAu thal ne gon had reNLOUsyy | buff wh ! t i it | a that the facts were found to be aa re-

; - ten two hove vat the police coulc a redbull when he tried to stea
Plowentary expedition to Tripali 2 ’ ; ; . ; ported ¢
* being organized by Maly for il 9 | uot find out who they were. Its body The vicissitudes of Ames dated from the | Ported and that the names of the offender:
iE Le 9 aly fo hh

| will be turned over to the health authorie

“of filling the gaps in the ranks of | ties to be examined for rabies

as well as the young women witnesse:
were discovered by the board.

 

 

—

 

Continued on Fifth Page.

! brother joined her after she had captured
| the pontoon

| HANSON WILL CONTEST FAILS.

 

summer home at Beverly.

Court Holds Widow's Allegations Against .

! Late Husband to Be Irrelevant.

| ATLANTA, Oct. 26 — The contest to break
{the will of Major J. H. Hanson, late presi-
}dent of the Central of Georgia Railroad,

| failed to-day in the Superior Court when
| Judge Pendleton sustained the demurrer
lef the executors in which it was claimed
{that the evidence disclosed no basis for
| the overthrow of the will

| Judge Pendleton also held that the evi-
| dence of the widow of Major Hanson in
reagrd to her marital troubles and to
Hanson's attentions Mrs J. H. Me-
Vickar of New York was irrelevant. In
susiaining the demurrer Judge Pendleton
held that under the Georgia law a will
cannot be set aside on the ground of undue
}influence unless the elements of moral

| moving pictures as a means of entertain- | this orgy of an inning and the Mack men |#bout to move out of the Meth street} force and fear are involved

The attorneys for the contestants im-
ediately
!to the Supreme Court

The only sensational feature to-day was
j the filing of a deposition by attorneys for

contestants charging that Mrs. Annie
{Garrett of Baltimore; second daughter
jof Major Uanson and chief beneficiary

under the will, obtained complete control

and
It charged
that Mrs. Garrett used this influence to
cause the separation between Major and
Mrs. Hanson, that she deliberately broke
up the home and then used this same
influence to her advantage in the making
of the will,

Major Hanson's mind

CIVIL S LIST PENSIONERS.

Four City Employees Retired on Hair
Pay.

The first four applications of city em-
ployees for pensions under the new
law providing for pensions for those
who have served thirty years or more
and are incapacitated were acted upon
favorably yesterday by the Board of
Fstimate. The four successful appli-
canta were Henry A Purdy, an inspector
of hydrants in the Department of Water
Supply, salary $1,800; Joseph Kvans, a
van driver in the Department of Cor-
rection, salary $1,000; John MeCarthy,
a pilot in the Department of Charities,
salary $1,620; and John J, Odell, chief
bookkeeper in the Park Department,
$2,806). The law provides that the pen-
sion shall be not more than half the sal-
aties. The four men are retired on half
pay to take effect November 1

 

| over
|
|

“TIPS” TO COURT CLERKS,
Surrogate Noble of Queens Sees Nothing

Wrong.

Commissioner of Accounts Raymond B,
Fosdick reported to the Mayor yesterday
i that several witnesses have testified
} before him to having paid or to having
been asked to pay small fees to persons
in and outside the Surrogate’s office in
Queens county. Surrogate Noble then
said that the acceptance of such tips was
‘against his express instructions, “I feel
that a distinction should be made, how-
ever,” the report quotes his testimony,
“where they do if as a tavor to an
/ attorney or a tavor to some one eise and
| receive what you might say isin the nature
of a tip. I can see nothing particularly

| wrong about that, the same as a waiter
receives a tip” 4,

 

 

jhe will be joined at I

men stood with pointed pistol the other | by which he diposed of a $600,000 estate, |

|
|
|

attached to the Federal Express.

They motored up to Boston from the
Mrs. Taft was
in the best of spirits and appeared in very
good health

When the President reaches Virginia
fot Springs by his
wife and daughter.

JURY CALLED BRAVE

For Finding a Robber of Women Gulity
in Five Minutes,

Henry Cohen was convicted yesterday
before Judge Swann in General Sessions
of robbery in the first degree. The jury
was out five minutes, With four other
men he held up a houseful of women at
162 West Twenty-fifth street on June 18.

One of the witnesses, Helen Laschky,
testified that $20 was offered to her to go
to New Jersey until the trial was over,
She told Assistant District Attorney

==

PRICE TWO CENTS.

   

SUES U. S. STEEL
10 DISSOLVE IT

‘Petition Calls Its Power a
Menace That Should
Be Destroyed.

ROOSEVELT HALF EXCUSED

 

| Temporary Injunction Sought
but Not Granted
Ex Parte.

 

! Government's Bill Drawn tn Essay Form

by Jacob M. Dickinson--1t Names
23 Individual Defendants Resides the
Vartous Corporations—UCist,, Headed
by J. P. Morgan, Includes Carnegie
’ and Rockefeller — Judge Gary's Meet
] More Effective

Than Pools” Tennessee Coal and tren
Northern Ore
Tease Attacked Under Sherman Law.

 

 

ings Described as

| Purchase and Great
|

|

TRENTON, N.J., Oct. 26. Dissolution of
the United States Steel Corporation and
j its subsidiary companies waa asked for
by the Government in a suit filed in the

 

United States Circuit Court here this
afternoon. The petition charges that

the Steel Corporation is an illegal com-
bination in restraint of trade and there-
fore prohibited by the Sherman anti-
trust law of July 2, 189%.

The defendants named in the bill in-
clude corporations, five
individuals sued as trustees and eigh-
teen in their capacity as officers and
directors of the Steel Corporation or ite
subsidiaries. Pending final hearing and
determination of the case the Government
asked that a temporary restraining order
be issued enjoining the defendants sev-
erally and collectively from continuing
the alleged illegal monopoly.

Application was not made for an in-
junction order that should issue at onoe,
and probably that matter will not be
passed on ex parte or until the defendanta
are heard.

The petition*in the case was brought
to Trenton from Washington by H. E,
Colton of the Department of Justice.
Immediately after it was placed on file:
Lanning signed an
order authorizing the service of sub-

thirty-seven

jJudge William M

|pwnas outside of the District of New
| Jersey. These subpoenas and copies of
| the bill of complaint were then placed

lin the hands of messengers designated
| by the United States Marshal for deliv-
in the different districts in whioh
| the defendants reside or have their cor-
| porate existence

The petition prepared in Washington
bore the names of Attorney-General
George W. Wickersham and J. M. Dickin-
son, the latter appointed as special agsist-
{ant to the Attorney-General to prosecute
the proceedings. The petition was signed
here by U. S. Distriet Attorney John B.
Vreeland, who appears as the prosecuting
attoriey

The petition itself consista of ninety-

jery

| Weller yesterday that as she left the | three printed pages in which there is set

appealed and the case will go} Ju

court room a man whispered in her ear
that she would be killed for testifying.

After the verdict had been announced
dge Swann thanked the jury. “You

forth in considerable detail the condi-
tion of the iron and steel trade prior and
subsequent to the formation of the United
{States Steel Corporation. It is charged

 

| deserve thanks,” he said; “you have done} that the illegal monopolies complained

your duty fearles#y. A dozen friends | of have been brought about by a series of
of ‘this defendant are waiting in the | combinations and mergers in which the
corridor to hear the verdict. Already steel interests of the country were brought
the life of one of the witnesses has been | under one general control. Further
threatened.” than this it is charged thal by a serles

oem ae of interlacing directorates the great

that! 4070 STRUCK BOY AND RAN ON.

| business interests of the country with
the United States Steel Corporation as the

| Injured Lad, Picked Up by Another Mas | dominant factor have been brought under

|
|
|
|

}lamps a boy Iving on the pavement of |

'
|
|

chine, Dies 20 Minutes Later.
Richard Cole, motoring home to 286
East Seventeenth street, Flatbush, last
night, saw by the light of his automobile

Albany avenue, between Eastern Park-
way and Union street. Mr. Cole had his
ear stopped and got out to investigate.

The boy was unconscious. Evidently
he had been struck and tossed by an
automobile. The Cole car sped with him
to the Kings County Hospital, where he
died twenty minutes after he was found
and after his father reached
hospital

The boy was Joseph Kelly, 10 vears old,
the son of Peter A. Kelly, a clerk, of 1500
Carroll street. The police could find
nobody who had seen the automobile,
which apparently ran away after hitting
the child

just

HAMMOND DECIDES TO PAY.

Says He Must Free His Yacht and Get to
Florida Before Winter,
NorFouk, Va., Oct, 26. James Bo Ham
mond, whose twenty-eight year cruise
in search of the “ideal life” was delayed

fon Tuesday night by a libel filed against

his yacht Lounger IL, said this after-
noon that he had about decided to pay
the New York Yacht, Launch and Engine
Company $2,192.57 and continue on his
journey.

“LT must reach Florida before the
weather gets cold,” he said. "I shall
pay the bill under protest, and then con-
tinue on my cruise. f expeet to find the
‘ideal life’ before | am 100 years old. 1
am now 73 and feeling pretty good. If 1

ican get away from the world and be left

|

alone on my boat | will be much better.”

$:004 M. Fxpressto Boston.
Waterbury and Willimantic
1. 1. Sound; up the beautiful Naugatuck Valley
and across picturesque Connecticut. Lye. N. ¥
week-days only, :00 A.M.N.Y.,N.H.& HOR,
71 dr,

 

New route via

Bway,

the |

Along North Shore

esa influence to crush out competition,
| maintain prices and control the steel and
other business of the United States. The
prayer of the petition asks the court:
THK SPECIFIC RELIEF ASKED FOR,
| 1 To order, adjudge and decree that
ithe combination and conspiracies and
| monopolizat ions of trade and commerce
| hereinbefore described are unlawful and
| that all acts done or to be done to carry
| out the same or any part thereef are
lin violation of the act of Congress of July
| 2, 1890, entitled “An act to protect the trade
and commerce against unlawful restraint
}and monopolies.”
| 2. That the defendants and each and
{every one of them and the officers, di-
| rectors, stockholders and agents of the
{defendant corporation and of each and
| every one of them be perpetually enjoined
from doing any act in pursuance of or
| for the purpose of carrying out the same,
| 38. That the United States Steel Cor-
} poration in and of itself, as well as each
and all of the elements composing it,
| whether separate or individual, whether
leonsidered collectively or separately, be
decreed to be illegal and in restraint of
trade and an attempt to monopolize
sand a monopolization within the first and
second seetions of said act of Congress of
July 2, 1890, and that it be dissolved,
{ 4. ‘That each and all of the said con-
| stituent or subordinate companies shown,
las aforesaid, to have been combined in
restraint of trade and commerce and in
Monopolization of trade or commerce
within the meaning of the anti-trust act,
each in and of itself, as well as each and
all the elements composing each reapec-
tively, whether considered collectively
or separately, be decreed to be illegal
and in restraint of trade and as an attempt
to monopolize and a  monopolization

\ within the first and second sections of said
| act and that each be dissolved.

5. That the holding of stock by any ege

of the defendant corporations in anotheg.