Peer HE

|
:

——

‘
Hol, LANL NO, 21,

PYPECT THAT GATOR Li RUN,

ear Ee COMMING GHAR
rue CHES APOC RTHER

os see

Q@aynet Seatey Sat fast SS Pratetiy

foe the Oty fiehet Mertted GH Fa
ght When Pleteet Ct fe arte fw,
fiarner's) | Pinet = Anewer,

core tafornmert lnaet aiait
Cownet hed fade a prance

Wit liere Phat peti anvet eeverter ot hor

f Onbelh Then ret eonmhine @he
with hiew Chat he weld
decteion eepremed in tle
thy Troolee Leweltt fot fo fun
od that he wonkd eend to Me
i" foe? oleleek (hte aftermaon a
cop ne fo whether of not he

we
Wharerer

yi

thie

" gathered from Mr, Male

who tolled with Wien yeater-
wn other eepeet that duation Gay-
for vorept the notinetian, From
@ lat \ be lenmned of bie attitude it Waa
that be wae averse to accepting the nomi.
» from an apparently non-representa
wich aa ia made up of the con.
mmittees, but that he wae pre-
consider any preposition made

fat
t body
ferenon «

ared fo
! hm by a fepresentative body, Mr,
Halpin told duetion Gaynor that the con-
ference committees had been named aimply
asa body to suggest a candidate and that
any nome decided upon by the conference
would necessarily bave to be ratified by the
con ventions

This explanation is said to have satisfied
Justice Gaynor's scruples, He is sald to
have told bis visitors that while he would
not consent to take @ nomination from a

coterie of leaders, yet if he could be as-
sured that those leaders were acting for
their respective organizations he might
accept the offer, It is understood that
this assurance was given to Justice Gaynor,
whereupon he promised to send a definite
answer to Mr. Halpin early this afternoon.

That is what was given out last night by
those who saw Justice Gaynor as the result
of their interview with him, It was further
sparned, however, that they left Justice
Gaynor with a full understanding that the
reply they are to receive from him to-day
will be a favorable one, So fully assured
{s the Odell-Hearst combine that Justice
Gaynor will accept that the adjourned con-
ference which was called for last night at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel adjourned until
to-night after directing the nominating
- committee to meet at 7:30 o'clock this evening
and to recommend a city ticket to the
general conference, which will meet an hour
later. ;

Justice Gaynor was informed at his home
in Brooklyn of Mr. Halpin'’s statement that
he had agreed to reconsider his letter of
declination. He sent down on a card to
the reporters this statement:

*It is not possible that Mr. Halpin should
have said so and I decline to say anything
ahout it, I must decline to enter into the
matter at all.”

From what could be learned last night
if Justice Gaynor consents: tecrun it will
. be decided to nominate City Court Justice
Seabury for Comptroller and John Ford
for President of the Board of Aldermen.
Such a make-up of the Odell-Hearst city
ticket would give the Mayoralty nomina-
tion to Brooklyn, the Comptrollership to
The Bronx and the Presidency of the Board
to Manhattan, besides getting in all the
combine's candidates for Mayor as candi-
dates for something.

The selection of Justice Gaynor will mean
the end of fusion so far as the Cite are con-
cerned. The Cits blacklisted him and Mr,
Ford three weeks ago. It was the determi-
nation of Mr. Halpin and his friends to hold
on to Justice Gaynor that led to the split
between the Cits and Odell, Hearst & Co.
Last Thursday night, when Mr. Cutting
and his colleagues withdrew from the con-
ference, Mr. Cutting stated to Mr. Halpin
privately that the Citizens’ Union had many
reasons why it could never consent to sup-
port Justice Gaynor. Oneof these was that
Justice Gaynor was too radical in his political
and ecnomical opinions. Mr. Cutting said
that while his organization was in favor of
& modified form of municipal ownership
it was not in favorof the M. O. L.'s platform,
Which practically amounted to confiscation
of corporation properties. Mr. Halpin
teftved, however, to drop the name of the
Justice and the Cits withdrew from the con-
ference

The Cits’ committee of sixteen met again
yesterday afternoon and after hearing the
ports which their intermediaries gave of
Consultations with Mr, Halpin decided not
to attend last night's conference at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel. Mr, Cutting sought
to place the responsibility for the failure
of the Cits to rejoin the fusion conference
by i that they had been once more re-
buffed by Mr, Halpin and Mr, Hearst's
men, He intimated that the Cits were
anxious for fusion and wanted only the
slightest opportunity to go back again to
the fusion conferences, but that Mr, Hal-
pia refused to consider any suggestion
looking to the dropping of Justice Gaynor
48 & possible candidate,

It is understood that the Cits would have
resumed conferring with Odell, Hearst &
Co. if there had been even a half promise
Made that Martin W. Littleton, their candi-
date for Mayor, would be seriously con-
sidered, Mr. Halpin declined to give any
Buch promise, whereupon the Cite’ com-
mittes in the afternoon called everything

Mr. Cutting issued last night this
statement:

“On Monday night immediately after the
Meeting of the city committee, the committee
on nominations requested Messrs. Van Ider-
tine and Weed to see the chairman of the
when onrerence, Mr. Halpin, to ascertain
the tT there was now any disposition on

Part of the Republican organization to
aes names for the Mayoralty nomina-
et They learned from him that the Re-
z lican organization maintained the same
mece as last Thuraday evening, when it

48 committed to a single candidate, whose
hame it was unwilling to disclose.
ran rennin promised to inform them
it the erstine and Weed) by 2 P.M. to-day
. oe should be any change in ite position
at that ee Not hearing from Mr. Halpin
tilepbe our, he was later called up on the
make oi and said he had no report to
cons and that the meeting of the fusion

erence to be held in the evening would
ep lourned until Monday evening.
© was asked if he had any suggestions

Make to the Citizens’ Union, and he re-
Plied that he had none,”
as Cutting contrasted the policy of this

rence with that adopted by the oon-
Fn aN es ene A

Lapel Ruttons, ¢ ;
» College Seal Pins, Medals, Fote.
in Frick, $ Liberty place, opp. 21 Maiden Lane.

Che gifs Sun.

ferenen calted waelee the aepiees of the

itive’ Fite in fan amet welder Ae |
that flee (het ail ereneietee of nenNinE

fleet ened! fhe cometdenatinn
fret af ite feet menting Me errnl mie

Cerin Tien wenn Reh wt tet fhe
here of inelietinie @mpe crnetelenert few
atl the patties toy fhe fen teapot here wel hie
A prone nf eiiniination med cnnnparienn
Mr Lew ene deternined fa te from ait
etenilpettita (he beet cnnelicete Me dernier,
the eaneidate whem the Chitvene! Unto
remnetiont from all etancpetne aa (hw
atreneret, wna fat agreed fy the
conference at ite fret menting The vitor
Hee it TT Chron hen erie a fev ether rin ree
presented, and at fhe Mat menting whieh
it attended wae prepared fo preeent the
heme of a fan who meme fo full evary
reuiveinent of the etiuetion °

Mr. Halt aatd inet night that even if
Jiatiog Gernot denline: to fun the enn
ferenee toenl@ht of the Odell tearet oom:
Hine Will porltively decide iipen a city Heket,
He paid that the three alternates to Juation
Gaynor which are being Gonaidered by |
members of the eomference committer
are Jimtion Beabury, John Ford and Martin
W. Tttleton, He waa asked if there waa
fot @ possibility of the second choice of the
conference failing upon Mr. Littleton, and
in that way bringing the Cita back to the
fold,

He anawered that from what he had been
able to gather of the fenling of the con-
ferees the majority of them were opposed
to Mr. Li@leton, and he intimated that not
even the prospect of bringing back the Cite
would induce the comfnittees to take Mr.
Littleton. In fact, the general tenor of
expressions not only of Mr. Halpin but of
all the other Odell-Hearat members of the
conference is that no effort will be made
to reclaim the Cita.

The Citizens’ Union city convention is
to be held on September 28, This gives
that organization only a week in whioh
to determine upon the course it will follow,
As it will have to nominate by petition it
must be decided at that convention whether
or not the union will run a third ticket, a
ticket of its own, or decide merely to put
District Attorney Jerome on ita county
ticket. The feeling last night among
some of the leading members of the Citizens’
Union was that their organization would
not run a third ticket,

They explained that it was useless to go
to the heavy expense of putting into the
fleld a city ticket which was doomed from
the outset, and they said that unquestion-
ably their efforts would be devoted to help-
ing Mr. Jerome toward election. Mr.
Jerome and Mr. Cutting talked together
yesterday, and as a result the impression
was spread that Mr. Cutting had sought to
induce the District Attorney to change
the position he has taken that he would
not become a candidate for Mayor. It can
be stated authoritatively fhat Mr. Cutting
made no such request of Mr. Jerome and
that the two merely talked over the general
situation.

MAGNANIMOUS M’MANUS.

New Leader Intercedes for All the Primary
Victims tn the West Side Court.

William Dickson “of 359 Weet Forty-
seventh street, a Dordan election inspec-
tor, and John B. Kennelly of 448 West Forty-
seventh street, who were accused of trying
to stuff a ballot box by James McManus,
a brother of the successful contestant for
the leadership of the Fifteenth, were ar-
raigned in the West Side court yesterday.
The complainant failed to appear and The
MoManus himself asked for their release.
They were let go.

William Mulhearn of 444 West Fifty-
fourth street and James McDermott of
843 Ninth avenue were charged with carry-
ing concealed weapons. Mulhearn hada
blackjack and McDermott two loaded re-
volvers when arrested, They are both
McManus men, and the new leader put in a
plea for them, Magistrate Steinert, how-
ever, held them for trial, Mulhearn in $500
and McDermott in $300 bail, John Wilson
of 434 West Thirty-sixth street, who was
arrested by Detective Sergeant Fogarty
near a polling place on Ninth avenue with
a loaded revolver in his pocket. was also
held in $200 for trial.

Several men charged with illegal voting
were discharged, as no complainants ap-
peared against them. :
The Republican election officers wno shut
up a@ primary polling place in the Twelfth
district at 5 o'clock on Tuesday were held
at Essex Market yesterdav for examina-

 

 

tion,
NEW LACKAWANNA TERMINAL.

Phoebe Snow and Plain Foiks Come in
at Twenty-third Street New.

When Phoebe Snow's grandmother came
Across the Hudson's frothy tide

The boats were lit with whale oll flame;
There were no alips on either side.

 

But yesterday when Phoebe, bright
As sunlight, flashed into the port,
By way of road of anthracite,
The boats were of another sort.

She landed In her fleckless gown—
Her grandma would have died of fright

li she bad gone across the town
In such 8 mad, electric fight.

The new termina] of the Lackawanna
road at the foot of West Twenty-third
street was opened yesterday, and Phoebe
and all the rest of the summer girls yeturn-
ing from mountain and inland places were
surprised at the improvement. The clock
in the lofty Nile green tower was not going,
but the summer girl does not care for time,
and so she did not notice it, Everything
else was going, however, including the
electric cabs that will take the patrons
of the road to the shopping and theater
districta night and day,

The building is better than its pictures,
which have been appearing in the papers
for the last week or so, and the boats are
among the swiftest in the North River ser-
vioe. The building is of steel and fireproof,
and is the most imposing and picturesque
structure on the river front. On week
days the boate will run every fifteen min-
utes between 6 A. M. and 10 P. M., andevery

half hour between 10 P. M. and 6 A. M.
On Sundays the fifteen_minute service will
not begin until § A. M. The tronage
eaterday was unusually large. © open-
g was unaccompanied by any blare of
trumpets. The ticket agents simply took
their places and the travelers flocked in.

 

Harvesting the Scenery Crop.

GREENWicH, Conn., Sept. 20.—T.. A.
Liebler of Riverside, a New York theatrical

nager, shipped by the Stamford steamer
Bhady’ Side to-day an old rockaway, cov-
ered with cobwebs and tattered and torn.
It will be put on a stage in New York.

Insist upon having Burnett's Vanilla .—Adv.

THE FASTEST LONG-DISTANCE TRAIN
Ie te usar train between New. Yor and Cuicage
he 1*-how ween New
by the "New York Central Lines.”—<Ads.

 

NEW NORTH RIVER TUNNEL,

VW CHM TONPW ORS ie
iV PORT Re WEN

Meteapatiian Gurfaee fines ae Wet we Gee
Rapid rane @uivware (6 Mare a fe
Feet Cneeettan WITH Sew Miah ayer
Puttin Gereiee Fine fn Sew derere

dota ft Melionatl and Thoma © MeCne
fer premicent wm ihe Putin Seren Cor
freration of New dereey, miele an internat:
ihe atatement peetertar coneerting the
piifpowen of (he Tatecetate Toned Railway
Company of New Yur ane (he literate
Tonnel Hatleay Company of Sew deray,
for witch afticles of iheorporation fer
filet vewtorday at Albany and Trenton

These companion have heen oraanived
fo conetevet a tinned fnder the North River
from a terminus in dereey City at Brie and
Twelfth etreeta to a terminus under Cham
hers street between roadway and the
Brooklyn Bridge terminal, in the borough
of Manhattan, and to provide thereby
better meana of communication between
the business parta of the city of New York

and the territory served by the Public | eras before the eleetion of members of the | flendiy attitude throughout the war

oVEW YORK, THUMSIAY., SEPTEMBER

 

if,

PITH THROWN

(trae af Clenfeemen Meprat
iter fwe fa Prete ereite
peril Conte Poonmenel ne Tite tee

Hark, np er P INET HRTF Herm prrrertt
or preewe laet migtt (eww a qnaneite af

Ae of (he eamiteheon hearing he ari

of the Catted State @iteh it crenr the en

frre fe fhe Ceperleen eeferhete at Clan
ne ee
eurtrne of Chie ined ae qeeqrrerd An lft
femtipation of (he inet offonan reoiitad
it the Suh Geeretary of State calling at
the Ammerioan Legation her @here te of
fered an apotewe andl prorat (hat atop
feoukt be faleen to p recent & penFrenee of
the affair

Cine eeplanation ja that (he offenay waa
eonyitted be fateerate wlth) (he thew (hat
it would enbartacs (he Covertmnent Ate
other te (hat Wocleratea dic the ore in onder
to dheemedtit che Bilerala

The police at Clenfuegoe are acoused of
having entered the Liberal Club (here Inet

Aleit and of havlage eenrehed the meme

bere prewent for are, Te le ante aleo that

they amaahed the chandellera and pulled
down piotures of Masario and Marti and
trampled them, It ia aewerted that the
iden of the police wae to inthinidate the Lite

C74 atin fe RAR anne
LL

Pavey Cattatoe Prenetenren tre ¢€ amptetring
ww Thete Attitete fering (fe War
ant Telling af Genter’) § Peteneenin

Atrearmticrrman ayn pmitiy Mae tie wwe

Speriel Comte fivapetetes fo THe ane

Rea Syt me The Millage Peitung
ange it hee autherity for atating that (he
Coat twa dirmetet Me Witte fa come ta
Germany, ineteed of tating « holiday, fa
eomduet an liportant miletion conomrnnind
an infernational regulation of Foe Faetern
Cyt remat jertie

Panta, Rept, oo Me Witte, the Memeten
pener envoy, #heee wndiptamatio beanete
of how he engineered the Ameriown prem
awl President Ronerwelt tn the interest
of Ruewta astoniehed Rarone, Nee now ag
| tated Frenchmen by emphasing a atates
ment that a rapprochement etiete het ween
Rimweia and Germany Th an interview tn

reeult of Russia's gratitude for the Kater a
He

Service Corporation, which operates all | hoarde of regiatration, which take place on |
| Saturday,

the surface lines in the counties of Hudson,
Kesex, Passaic, Union and Middlesex io
New Jersey, of about 660 miles of line,

The Public Service Corporation proposes
to supplement its existing factiitios In New
Jersey by a new direct, high speed line
from Nowark, with communication, without
changes, to the proposed tunnel in Jersey
City, thus affording direct transportation
from ita terminus in Newark to the City
Haliin New York in fifteen minutes. Ar-
rangements have alao been made fora joint
passenger station at Jersey City which
will enable the Erie Railroad Company
to tranafer ita suburban passengers to the
proposed tunnel line.

The location of the proposed tunnel
at the Manhattan end has been made with
especial view to furnishing the best possible
facilities for the distribution of the traffic,
not only by means of the Metropolitan
surface lines, but also by the proposed
new rapid transit subways recently laid
ovt by the Board of Rapid Transit Com-
missioners.

The engineers estimate that the train
time between the Jersey City and the Man-
hattan terminals of the tunnel will not
exceed five minutes.

The Interstate Tunnel Railway Company
wili be controlled and financed jointly by
the Metropolitan interests, by the Publio
Service Corporation and the other interests
which will furnish the traffic at the New
Jersey end

It is proposed that the construction of the
tunnel shall begin as soon as the necessary
rights have been granted by the public
authorities. An application for the néces-
sary rights is to be made immediately to
the Rapid Transit Commission.

The construction of a tunnel to Jersey
City backed by Metropolitan interests
is taken to mean that the Interborough
and Metropolitan are to carry their com-
petition into New Jersey. The projeotact
tunnel will almost parallel the tunnel being
constructed by W. G. McAdoo between
Jersey City and Church and Cortlandt
streets. The McAdoo tunnel is owned by
the Hudson Companies, four of whose
directors are directors of the Interborough.
The Erie Railroad has, or had a few months
ago, an arrangement by which its passen-
gers would be transferred to the Belmont
tunnel. Whether this arrangement had
been abrogated or whether both tunnels
are to be utilized was not learned yester-
day.

TRENTON, N. J.; Sept. 20.—The Inter-
state Tunnel Railroad Company of New
Jersey is incorporated with an authorized
capital stock of $7,500,000. Its tunnel
railroad is to be one and a third miles long
and seventy feet below mean hign water
mark. The incorporators are Thomas N.
McCarter, Charles A. Stefling. Albert B,
Carlton, Mark T. Cox, John B. McDonald,
Herbert H. Vreeland, John D. Crimmins,
Robert A. C. Smith and Henry D. MacDona

 

HOT WORDS AT BELLEVUE,

Member of the Medical Stef Dismissed

After Quarrel With Superintendent.

Dr. John W. Somerville, who has been
attached to the second medical division
of the Bellevue Hospital house staff for
several months, was dismissed yerterday
by Dr. Samuel T. Armstrong, the euper-
intendent, on charges of insubordination.
Dr. Somerville is a Virginian and a graduate
in medicine from the State University of
Virginia. When he went to Bellevue Dr.
Henry Wall, who was his chum in college,
also secured a place on the hospital staff.
Both Dr. Somerville and Dr. Wall were
called to the office frequently, and on Tues-
day Dr. Wall was given to understand
that he wasn't acceptable to the hospital
authorities.

Supt. Armstrong sent for Dr. Somerville
yesterday morning and told him he under-
stood that several electric light bulbs had
been thrown out of his window the night
previous, causing loud explosions. ;

“It's a lie,” declared Dr. Somerville. “I
had a hard day yesterday and was up lato,
but threw no light bulbs out of the window.
Resides, Iam getting sick and tired of bein
called up here all the while for things f
am not responsible for.”

When Supt. Armstrong replied that he

eased the complaints were well founded

r. Somerville lost his temper and used some
violent expressions.

“Have you no respect for the lady?”
asked the superintendent, pointing to his

secretary.

“I have the utmost respect for her, but
the most profound disrespect for you,”
replied the interne.

e was immediately dismissed.

Both Dr. Wall and Dr. Somerville were
athletes of considerable skill in college
being members of the Virginia football
team when that organization twice defeated
the Carlisle Indians three years ago.

Many of the members of the staff were
inclined to sympathize with Dr. Somer-
ville last night. They said he had the
hardest duty in the hospital, the two alco-
holio wards, and they believe that he was
harshly treated from the first. They have
been complaining for some time of the
strict lines on which the hospital has been
conducted since Dr. Armstrong took the
superintendenocy.

 

Diphtheria at tho Naval Academy.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Sept. 20.—Ten cases of
diphtheria have developed among the two
hundred or more members of the new
fourth class of the Naval Academy, but no
deaths are expected. Three of the oases
are completely developed and in the seven
others certain symptoms have doveloped
and the patients are being watched care-

fully.

62.50 TO ATLANTIC CITY AND RETURN,
unday excursion, September 24, via Pennsylvania
allroad. t of the season, Special train
yes New York 6:45 A. M., stop ng at Newark
SP as mers Returning, leaves Atlan City

Cee

Affairs in Santa Clara are reported to be
extremely grave. The Rural Guarda are
aceweed of committing great excnaacs,
The courte are acensed of favoring the
Moderates, and it ia therefore considered
very doubtful whether it would be possible
to secure the conviction of a Moderate for
the out rage at the consulate,

CONSUELO MEETS PRESIDENT.

American Duchess Presented hy Mr, and
Mre. Mackay.

Ovsten Bay, Sept. 20.--The Duchess of
Marlborough, née Vanderbilt, was pre-
sented this afternoon to President and
Mrs. Roosevelt by Mr. and Mrs. Clarence
Mackay. The three came in a closed auto-
mobile from Roslyn, which is nine miles
distant from Oyster Bay and twelve miles
from Sagamore Hill. The large car shot
through the village ata high rate of speed,
and when they came to where begins the
President’s private roa® the khaki clad
chauffeur and footman on the box were
confronted by the sign “Private road.
No automobiles allowed.” The President
has a strong dislike for motor cars. But
the Mackay car,a high horee-power machine,
climbed the steep hill, unheeding the signal,
and arrived under the porte cochére at 3:05.
Mrs. Mackay and the Duchess, dressed in
light chiffon hats and light afternoon gowns,
occupied the back seats in the motor car.
Mr. Mackay was dressed in an ordinary
dark gray suit, wore a derby hat and faced
the ladies.

They stayed at the President’s house ex-
actly half an hour.

PENNSYLVANIA'S NEW GHDER.

Baggage Cars Must Run Next to Engines
for Safety.

Prprssura, Sept. 20.—To lessen as much
as possible the danger of injury in the event
of ‘a GOllision, general orders have been
issued by the management of the Penn-
sylvania system regarding the makeup of
trains. The principal feature of the new
rule is the placing of a baggage car next
to the locomotive as a means of protection
to the cars carrying passengera.

The order was posted in the local yards
of the company to-day and reads aa follows:
“In making up passenger trains no coaches
or sleeping cars shall be placed next to the
locomotive. In all instances a baggage
car, whether the car is needed for baggage
purposes or not, must be the first car of the
train. ,This rule applies to excursion and
regular trains, In the case of a combina-
tion baggage and smoking car the baggage
end must be first. The only possible devia-
tion from this ordér is on those divisions
where no provision is made for turning
trains at the end of a suburban run, This
is the only time when an excuse will be
accepted.”

 

 

 

Cc. E. NAPP SHOOTS NEGRO
Who Did Not Move Fast Enough to Sulit Him
—Spends Night in Jail.

New Brunswick, Sept. 20.—Charles E,
Napp, the Trenton real estate broker, who
has an office at 049 Broadway, New York,
spent last night in the jail here on a charge
of assaulting Daniel Coleman, colored.
He was brought to jail last night by Marshal
Fouratt of Metuchen on a commitment
signed by Mayor Litterst.

Napp was driving from New York to his
home at Trenton, and behind the rig
was a Shetiand pony he was taking to his
children. The animale being tired, he
drove into the stable yard cf W. S. Rule of
Metuchen and call SoreDes to come
and help him. Coleman replied that he
would take his time. Naph drew a revolver
and fired at the negro, inflicting a severe
wound.

Napp is a Western man and bas spent the

reater part of his life on the plains,

ecoming a cowboy, when he was about
12 years of age. e is now 43 years of
age. An order was received this after-
noon for the man’s discharge by Judge
Strong on bail pending the action of the
Grand Jury.

PRESIDENT MAJOR TO RESIGN.

August Ziesing Will Be Head of the Amerte
can Bridge Co,

Prrtsspura, Sept. 20.—The President
of the American Bridge Company of New
Jersey, Alfred J. Major, left for New York
to-night to appear before the board of
directors at the annual meeting there to-
morrow and present his resignation. It
has long since been arranged that Major
will be succeeded by August Ziesing, the

resent Western manager of the American

ridge Company. ‘Ziesing will reach New
York to-morrow morning from Chicago,
and it is understood here that he will get
a salary of $50,000. President Ziesing will
make his headquarters in Pittaburg.

Mr. Ziesing was born in 1858 at Peru, Ill.
He was the son of a physician and secured
a good education. He was graduated from
the University of Illinois in 1878 as a civil
engineer and two years later went to tho
Pennsylvania road, taking charge of brid,
in Ohio. He was later head of the Lansing
Bridge and Iron Works at Chicago, _ In 1900
he was made Western manager of the
American prin Company.

Mr. Major will quit the American Bridge
Company entirely to-morrow, going into
business in Philadelphin.

 

 

. e
Robert Goelet to Be a Lawyer.

Provipencr, R. I., Sept. 20.—Robert
Goelet, the well known Newport society
man, to-day filed his application for ad-
mittanoe to the bar of Rhode Island with the
clerk of the Supreme Court.

Fall Excursions to Adirondack Mountains,
Tickets on sale to Saranac Lake, Lake Placid,
and other important polnts from Sept. 15 to 80,

returning until Oct. 31. Singio fare plus
. Maguire of New York

iss for the round trip.
tral Agcats.—Ade.

 

“ia Majeaty did not let any oceasion
alip for deolaring and proving hie desire
to epare ua trouble and to help ua in any

little way he could.”

Mr. Witte evidently thinks that France
failed in her friendship for Russia in «ome
reapects, for he added: “I aay frankly
that the attitude of a part of the French
publio for the Inst eighteen montha im-
pressed ua very disagreeably, especially
after the series of manifestations of good
feeling you indulged in in former years
on all and sometimes unfitting occasions."

Nevertheless he thought the Franco-
Russian relations are essentially unchanged,
and that the alliance would be continued.
It serves the interesta of both nations and
ought to be continued. Mr, Witte added:

“I do not say that our mutual sympathy
ix less, but only note the fact that Russo-
German sympathy has grown.”

Mr. Witte visited Prime Minister Rouvier
.to-day and afterward started for the coun-
try in the Presidential train to meet Presi-
dent Loubet.

ASLEEP ON SPEEDING DORY.

 

Power Boat With Lone Geeupant Neariy
Runs inte Racing Yacht.

A power boat going at full speed with the
solitary man aboard fast asleep was the
extraordinary spectacle afforded to sailors
on Gravesend Bay yesterday afternoon.
The boat was of the type of large dories
used by fishermen and clammers. The
man, who it was thought had been imbibing
of strong waters, sat in the port bow with
his arm on the gunwale and his face resting
on his arm. He was first discovered by
P.M. Raborg’s 33 foot sicop Mimosa I.,
which was sailing in a race of the American
and Atlantic Yacht clubs. cosa had
just finished the first round of course
and was squared away for the first mark
on the second round. Just outside the
Atlantic Yacht Club anchoragea large power
dory was noticed on the starboard hand
coming from the direction of Ulmer Park.

The dory was going fast, and it attracted
attention at once, both for that reason and
for the peculiar position of the only man
visible aboard. Soon it became evident
that unless the dory changed her course
she would strike the Mimosa squarely amid-
ships, At the same moment the discovery
was made that the man was asleep.

A lusty shout was sent up from the deck and
cockpit of the Mimosa, but the man on the
dory did not movefand the dory came rapidly
nearer. Another shout was sent up and
the yacht was luffed sharply. The man
raised his head, gazed about him in a be-
wildered sort of way, took in the situation,
starboarded his helm and steamed away.
Half a minute more and he would have =n
into the yacht. ,

Tess than a mile away he disappea
and the dory made rings around the bay,
once more narrowly escaping a collisiqn
with the Mimosa, The last seen of {the
drowsy dory man was Just before a squall,
when the boat just missed running into a
tow of barges.

H.K. M'HARG, JR., QUELLS STRIKE

Young New Yorker Enforces His Orders
to Iron Workers With a Pistol.
Roanokg, Va., Sept. 20—Henry K.
McHarg, Jr., the manager of the Twin
Crozer iron furnaces being operated by the
| Virginia Iron, Coal and Coke Company,
| to-day quelled a strike at the point of a
| pistol.
| Several of the stock house hands quit
| yesterday morning, and it was believed
; that there would be a general strike to-
\day. “Manager MoHarg engaged De-
| tactive Sergeant Griffin to assist him.
When the day and night shifte changed
thia morning the young manager was on
hand in his usual work garb. He noticed
the strikers and many undecided labor-
ers gathered around them. When tho
whistle sounded he approached the group
with pistol and watch in hand, and gave all
those who wanted to work one minute to get
to their posts and those who did not the
| same time to move off the premises. A
number left, but a large majority of the

 

 

men proceeded to go to work.

McHarg came to Radford four years ago
from New York and began work as a laborer
in his father's furnace at $1.25aday tolearn
the iron business. He was steadily pro-
moted until he is now manager of one of
the largest iron furnace plants in the South.

 

GUSTAV SOMETHING, BROOKLYN.

—.

 

Your Mother Arrived on the Neckar
—Please Come and Get Her.

A German woman about 60 years old,
who cannot read or write, arrived at
Hoboken on September 12, in the second
cabin of the North German Lloyd steamship
Neckar. She said she expected to be met by
her son, Gustav, a well to do contractor
living somewhere in Brooklyn. She had
lost the address of Gustav and her German
is so peculiar that the immigration inspector
could not 1nake out her surname. Her
Christian name is Dora. Sho had no letters
and no writing to give a hint of the spell-
ing of her surname, which German experts
at Ellis Island say sounds as if it might
be Fpayee Proscht. She has a regis-
tered letter posted by Gustav from a station
in the borough of Queens and numbered
64,546. Ellis Island will ask the Post Office
folke to find out, if they can, who sent the
peste letter. If Gustav should see
this piece he may know that his mother
is waiting for him.

18 HOURS TO CHICAGO.
PENNSYLVANIA SPECIAL
Leaves New York daily at 3:55 P. M., arrives Chi-
+ Cago 8:55 A, M., and leaves Chicago 2:45 P. M., ar-
\ BY. New York 0:45 A.M. New egulpment. Spec-
features. Rock — Ade.

 

 

were” WITTE ON GERMAN MISSION, |
@ Previa

 

the Tempa he descoribed thia ae the natural |

Trenens?, SeereMnEn 71, fe8,
Pate today; fair and warmer temorrew,

~ ~~

ttt Pee Gaperens, to), he Phe fun Peretteg aad Pabtiehing Asenrintion

, —_™"

prick TWO CHUTE. ¢

ronKiOn Avroine MMT Orn | KUMACRATE ACHED POR CASH

‘Tie Preettent Mntertatne Maat, Farge diet
Chente a inner

Crveren Bay, fet om Pernt He PEs crows
col entertained Revretary Pant, Minior
Honey Catont | cetge and ferrin Apnfaremn clit
fomeqely 1 Chewter at dimmer feoniait Phew
areiwnet ay (he Ot Crate fron Letg fatend
Ch be Fivte et teerpreneny erect eit cqgeemerd C ive fright
it or enennermen Mt

Sone monte hecteee ang thing concn in
the etn of Clow etete | fF le hettewnet
Dreverorwon, (fant Chee Premtetnnd tele fey ifie
more wlth Cher a nrniier af qarentiona of
forotan petiey frentng Chee conntey, ane it ie
theaht not wehtety (at Me Cheats will
te wade! ty feprenent fhe United Mtafor af
the appromehing pened conference at The
Hague

Jucleing free a remmele of Senator Loren,
the whole pings of foreign affminw will
fifobably be linet With Mecretary Ment
the Preeident ill protatiy alea dleetia
A plan for the eee Chinese av etiaion trem ty
avon to be negotiated The Chinere Min

jeter, Sip Chentrnge Liang Cheng, @ae here |

the day before yeaterday ane from hin it in
Delleved the President lentied pretty olen riy
juet what China @oukl agree to The Ohi

feae bovectt in all probability wlll alee cone
up for dieevesion,  Rewides, there te Anmert
ca'a position in the Far Rast, now that the
War ia over,

en oe we

SWEDEN TO INFORM ROOSEVELT.

President Requested lnfermation on the
Pending Cries.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SUN

Stockno uM, Sept. 20--Information of a
favorable termination of the conference
on digaolution ia expected to-morrow

At President Roosevelt's request, a full
telegraphic statement of the situation be-
tween the Governments of Sweien and
Norway Is being prepared.

ROCKEFELLER WEDDING GIFTS.

Young Couple Get a Fat Check aml a Fine
House te Live In.

TARRYTOWN, Sept. 20.—Miss Mabel Hem-
mingway, daughter of C. V. Hemmingway,
who has been superintendent for John D.
Rockefeller at Pocantico Hills, for a score of
year, was married to-day to Walter Van-
derbilt. The ceremony was performed
at the home of the bride's father on the
Rockefeller domain. One of the features
was the presentation of a check to the bride
for a large sum by Mr. Hockefeller.
bride is a favorite of Mr. Rockefeller, and
just before he left for Cleveland to spend
the summer and fall, he bought the Dun-
monts King villa at Pocantico Hills for
$15,000. It is said to-night that in addition
the check he has turned the villa over to the
young couple for their future home free of
rent.

LEAVES 5,000,000 TO CHARITY.

Nathantel Rothschild Is
Probated. .
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 20—The will of Baron
Nathaniel Rothechild, who died in Vienna
on June 12, was probated in London to-
day. The Faron bequeathed over $5,000,-
000 to charity, chiefly devoted to the relief
of sufferers from chronic incurable maladies.
He left $494,375 to the charitable inatitu-
tions of Vienna; $9,885 for distribution among
the poor of Vienna, without distinction of
creed; $10,000 to the poor fund of Schillers-
dorf; $10,000 to the Charlottenstift at
Hultschun; $5,000 for distribution among the
poor of Schillersdorf, and $4,840 for the poor
of Nzesfeld. He directs his executor to
continue all pensions.

boy SOARS OUT OF SIGHT.
Went up in Captive Balleen and the

Rope Broke—Landed in Schenevus.
MARGARETVILLE, N, Y., Sept. 20.—There

was a Yeature not on the program at the
Oneonta Fair to-day, when fifteen-year-old

 

 

 

Wilt of Baron

 

 

‘Ralph Wallace went up 1,000 feet in the

captive balloon and the rope broke and he
quickly soared out of sight. Two hours
later he was landed unconscious in Schene-
vus. His starting point was known from
the fact that there was an advertisement
of the Oneonta Star on the side of the
balloon. Oneonta was immediately tele-
graphed and the thousands at the fair were
informed of the boy's safety. A physician
says that he will recover.

RLACK SQUARE, JEROME EMBLEM.

Petitions Renominating Him Already in
Circulation,

The Jerome petitions came from the
printer yesterday and many of them were
filled before night, “The Jerome Nominators”
is the name of the party, and its emiblem,
which appears on the petition blanks and
will appear on the ballots, is a black square;
which on the petitions is one square inch,
Two thousand signatures are necessary to
run Mr, Jerome independently for Dis-
trict Attorney.

GIPSIES DEPOSIT $20,000.

Leave Thelr Thumb Prints at the Bank for
Identifeation.

Curicaqo, Sept. 20.—Carrying the money

 

 

 

; in gunny sacks, nine gipsies visited the First
| Naticnal Bank to-day and deposited $20,000,

most of which was in currency.

Each depositor preased his thumb and
fingers on an inked card and then left an
impression with the cashier for identifica-
tion. All the gipsies were poorly olad.
They had ended a horse trading season.

Mrs, A. G. Vanderbilt's Auto Rans Over a
Weman.

Newport, R. I., Sept. 20.—Mrs. Alfred
G. Vanderbilt's automobile, in the eharge of
Chauffeur Caravoglia, this afternoon ran
over Mrs. Bland, an aged woman,on Thames
street. The automobile was coming down
one of the side streete and was about to turn
into Thames street when Mrs. Bland, who is
partly blind, started to cross the street in
front of the machine. The chauffeur tried
to avold running her down by crowding
his machine into the ourb, but it struck her
and knocked her down and ran over one of
her lege. She was powee up and taken
into a store, where she was attended by a
physician and later taken to her home.

oe

Arrested for Sheoting and Burning a Negro.

Mosrie, Ala, Sept. 20.—Barzil Loftin,
one of the men who shot to death and then
burned the body of a negro near Sumner,
Miss., has been captured at Sunflower,
Miss. He admits tho killng and buratn
by the ns charged, but refuses to tell
any of the details. Loftin and Jake
Hutchinson, otbers wanted for the crime,
have fled the country.

DEWEY'S RICH CLARET WINES

Will add to the enjoyment of your Dinner,
a Dewey & Sons Co., 188 Fulton St. New York.
—Ade.

 

Iocal sleeping car to Spri
on train leaving Grand Cent
11,00 P. M. Comsmenving Oct.

 

Sates "5

|

SS

(VAP TARE PTR PPT CRIT,
wh weed Prarrripe

Atertran at Porter Mone Geereitane nein
fre © 0 fF ifete Penetetent (@ trenrener
Cammitter Wed att Gree Wanee twen'e
fheen frapnrts Coot fy (fe Orate,
fret Gehite Plert Martiten Gat C988 «
nn, «Witte ffe feet teenie?
for, at ft) fewteetiee «Werth,

Teetif ving Before (he Crretrone (enrnne®
committe goaterlag, fohn A Metall
preddent of the Sew York Life Iheunmne

Comnoany, decbored the Pereeri tf he
lwet fetione! cfinpetan appromeied hint
repeatedly in efforta to get the New Yors
fife to eontetiere fo Che Demoeritie eume
Mr Metall dechiped further (hat Afon ff
Parker, (he Demoerntic namifies feat var,
@heny he woe chairman of (he Demecnntle
Htate eommilie fever mieted a chance
to take eorporn ton contribute

It wae well towaedl the cle of the herring
that Meo MeCall made hia charge agninet
the Democrtio campelen manner. He

apoke with condderitte feeling Here te
What Me MeCall eatd on thie point
“My life wns made weary by the Demo-

eratic manager chang me for money in

that eatmpeign. Some of ghe very men
who to-day are being fotePriewead in the
paper and denouncing theee men whe
oontrilute to campaigns their ehadows

were crossing my path every step LE took
looking for money, One-the candidate
himself, Parker-if he would ehow up his
books for that corporation money, as
chairman of the Demoocratio State come

mittee, it woull give you a fit, He never
rejected a dollir in the world; he would take
| every dollar that was pald to him.”

 

 

The |

No one who heard Mr, MeCall under-
stood him to mean that Mr, Parker hid
personally solicited funds in the last came.
paign, although he anid the managers did
#o, but merely that when Mr, Parkor was
chairman of the execitive committes
of the State committee in 1885 he had
takon all contributions that came his way,

President McCall himself said last night
that the meaning he intended to convey
when he referred to Judge Parker was not
that Mr. karker had himself solicited cam-
paign contributions, but that his friends
had asked for money repeatediy. He
said, further, that he meant that Mr. Parker,
when he was cheirman of the executive come
mittee of the Democratic State committee;
did accept contributions to campaign funda,

DENIALS FROM PARKER AND SHEEHAN.

Judge Parker was presiding as referes .

in a hearing held in his office at 32 Liberty
street yesterday afternoon when a copy
of Mr. McCall's testimony was shown to
him. The hearing was later adjourned,
and Judge Parker hurried to the office of
William F. Sheehai in the same building.

A short time later two statements, one
from Judgo Parker and the other from Mr.
Sheehan, were given to the newspaper men.
Judge Parker's statement follows:

“My attention hasbeen called to certain
testimony said to have been given to-day
by Mr. John A, McCall, while a witness
before the insurance investigation com-
mittee, in reply to Mr. Hughes’s question
whether he thought that in 1904 the in-
teresta of the policyholders were so seri-
ously endangered that the company ought
to contribute?

“It is evident that Mr. McCall was labor-
ing under great excitement in making his
reply, for it is very incoherent. But if
his answer is intended to convey the im-
pression that in the campaign of 1904 I,
either directly or indirectly, solicited from
him or his corporation, or any other cor-
poration, any money or valuable thing;
his statement is absolutely false.

“On the contrary, I repeat now what I
said before the election, that I expressly
notified and directed the chairman of the
executive committee of the national com-
mittee that no money should be received
from corporations.”

Mr. Sheehan had this to say:

“I was chairman of the executive come
mittee of the Damocratic national com-
mittee. There was not a single man con-
nected with the Democratic national came
paign that solicited a dollar from Mr.
McCall. If any such person made any such
solicitation Mr. McCall should nams him.”

Mr, McCall assumed entire responsibility
for the New York Life’s contributions of
$160,000 to the last (three national campaigns;
asserting dramatically that he thanked
God that he had done his share in helping
to defeat the free silver bugaboo.

DENIES BRIBERY IN THE STATE,

Mr, McCall denied, “under the full solem-
nity” of his oath, that the New York Life
had ever to his knowledge bribed or at-
tempted to infiuence legislation in thisorany
State or country, He admitted that
“Judge” Andrew Hamilton had had ex-
tensive dealings with the New York Lifo,
and that checks for large amounts of money,
to be used,so far as the company’s books
disclose, for acquiring real estate in this
city, were cashed at the State National
Bank in Albany,

He atated frankly also that Mr, Hamil-
ton had represented the New York Life
in the matter of legislation in this and other
States, but none of the money which the
New York Life had paid to him, President
McCall testified, had been used for the
company in illegitimate or improper ways.

In addition to the two checks for $100,000
which were disclosed before the committss
last week as having gons to Hamilton on
March 18, 1904,4and as having been deposited
in the Albany bank, President McCall yes-
terday volunteered the information that
there were a good many other checks which
had been turned over to Mi. Hamilton by
the New York Life for real estate transac-
tions. Mr. McCall mentioned checks ag-
gregating $700,000 which counsel for tho
committee showed had actually been used

.

in the purchase of the property for the an- |

nex behind the home office building.

MORE PAYMENTS TO HAMILTON,

Besides these there were two other pay-
ments by the New York Life to Hamilton
which interested the committee. One wag
for $25,000 and was made on December 2;
1903. It was charged on the New York
Life’s books at first to “legal expenses.”
On December 14 another cheok for $50,000
waa handed over by the troasurar of
New York Life to Hamilton on the presi:
dent's order, and on the same date Hamilton
drew checks in favor of the New York
Life for $75,000. The checks drawn by
Hamilton were not cashed by the New York
Life and were returned to him on January 8,

ot.
vue

 

White Moantains Autumnal Excursions,

 

Tickets on sale Sept. 15th to Oct. 7th. Rate
$8.50. Inquire N. Y.. N. H. @& H.R. R, aoa
Ads. f t

  

SR nee