nn td em hie ORE Saati Stes

ste

VOL. LXXV.—NO. 150,

*NEW YORK, TUESDAY.

TN ani

NEW BRIDGE TRAINS MOBBED |

SEEMED ro, KNOW HOW
KLYN.

vosopy
TO GET TO B
Crosh Last Night as Bad as the Old Jams
—'Three Women Hort—Police Reserves
Called—Viatform Men Didn't Know the
Ropes—Special Pollcomen Tonight,

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company’s
new through electric train service over
the Brooklyn Bridge got ite first rush hour
tryout yesterday morning and evening.
In the morning on account of the blowing
out of a fuse near the Manhattan tower
there was an old fashioned tieup and a
congestion which wasn’t cleared up for
nearly two hours, In the evening a crush
at the Manhattan terminal which was about
ne bad as anything of the kind ia the history
of the bridge came as the result of the
general unfamiliarity of motormen, plat-
form men and the public with the new
system.

Three women were hurt in the crush and
at times all the platforms were so jammed
that the stairway gates had to be closed.
Fven then in some cases the gates were
knocked down and ticket choppers and
ticket boxes bowled over, and Capt.
Murtha of the bridge squad, who already
had eighty of his own men on hand, called
out the pay of the Oak street station.

In spite of the almost unanimous firat
impression of the travelling public that the
new plan was worse than the old, the B. R.
T. and the bridge officials declared that
within a week the plan would be working
smoothly. The only satisfaction Brook-
lynites got out of the conditions last night
was that they didn't have to go through
the same troubles at the Brooklyn end of
the oridge.

The mishap in the morning occurred at
7:49 o'clock, just as a Bay Ridge train was
climbing the grade to the Manhattan tower.
It took only eight minutes to repair the
damage, but in the meantime trains were
stalled for blocks on the Lexington avenue,
Myrtle avenue, Fulton street, Fifth avenue
and Brighton Beach lines, which was seri-
ous, because all the trains were running on
a short schedule. A City Line train which
should have made ‘he trip to the Manhat-

tan termina! in thirty-nine minutes took
an hour and fourteen minutes. The in-
crease in the number of trains from sixty

to ninety played a part in the congestion.
In spite of this tieup in the hour between
*7:50 and 8.50 sixty-four trains were sent over
the bridge, which almost equalled expec-

tations. Between & and 9 o'clock fifty-four
trains went over. The railroad officials
eatizauted that io thet hour 6,000 more per-
sons crossed the bridge than could have
croseed iv that (ime in the old cable trains.

this statement was made at the com-

pany’s offive in explanation of
Heup

the morning

ao tang. congestionetron: (he compara-
dvely slignt delay to a Bay Ridge train wae
due to the fact thet e far greater number of
trains were in operation on the elevated
liges than ever before. Add to this the fact
thet the towermen and despatehers hed no
opportunity to drill out the radical changes
in pchedule and the diffleulties under which
the B. kK. VT. operating department worked
tewlay will be understood. The subway
peé¢ple have had full opportunity to drill
thetr various lines before opening them to
heevy trafic, The B. R. T. lines being worked
dof to their limit no chance was given for
researeal or drill of the new train arrange-
mete, Ihese will better themselves each
aay.

"he new bridge local service worked well.
N@ diMenttv was found in handling forty
catr an hour in this serviee and the traffic
wes easily taken care of

™rollev cars crossing the bridge fram other
patts of Hrooklyn were subject to slight
delave about 8 o'clock owing to power trouble
on dhe Conev Isiand and Brooklyn railroad,
snieh owns the tracks and supplies the power
n Washington street from the Berough
Hail to the bridze. This congestion was re-

ieved as far as possible by sending Manhat-
tan bound ears through Adams street and
lower Fulton street across the Tillary street
crossover

After 9 o'clock conditions hecame normal
and the new schedulco was carried out
watisfactorily. Up toa few minutes before
§ o'clock in the evening trains were leaving
the Manhattan terminal fifty seconds apart,
hut it was apparent even then that three or
four trains of one line were coming in
to one of another line. This caused un-
comfortable crowding of some of the plat-
forms before the rush hour came. It was
noted especially that the large number of
trains running on the Fulton street line

, but finally reached Queenstown.

-@ade Park, N. J., Gan puseill caine
gate while trying to enter the rear platfarm
of a Ridgewood train and suffered internal
injuries. Mildred Williams of 50 Tompkins
avenue, Brooklyn, was so badly. burt that
Dr. Morton of the Hudson street hospital
was called for her, He thought she had a
Soman rib, but she insisted on going

“wie officials watched the operation of
the new plan until the crush began to dis-
appear at 7 o'clock. Publio Service Com-
missioner Bassett, who represented that
body, said that it would be unjust to com-
ment on the new plan until! it had had a
more thorough trial. Chief Engineer Lnger-
soll of the Bridge Department thought that
the general unfamiliarity with the system
was responaible and that it would work out
within a fow days.

W. 8. Menden, assistant genera! super-
intendent of the B. R. T., pointing toa crowd
that was besieging the gates of one of the
trains, said:

“There's the trouble. The people all
want to take the same train. They won't
let the trains get away on time. Every-
thing will be all right in a week.”

At the BR. T. office Inet night it was
said that to-day a big squad of police will
be on hand to expedite things, as the present
special policemen do in the subway. One
of the reasons for the orush was the ina-
bility of the present platform force to
keep the public from holding the trains.

“Another source of delay was the un-
familiarity of the run to moat of the motor-
men,” it was said. “They have been so often
warned about the congestion at the bridge
that they were overcareful in some cases
and helped create the block. The fact that
we were unable to properly equip all the
cars with signe helped. The printer failed
us, but to-day we will have a card in the
front window of each oar showing where
it ip going, asia done in the subway, and
that will help greatly. Probably by to-
night or to-morrow there will be no more
trouble.”

The Public Service Commission an-
nounoed yesterday that as the result of the
test held om Saturday it was found that
under the old bridge train system six oar
trains can be run under fifty seconds head-
way and will carry 64,800 passengers an
hour,

PROFITS OF STEEL EMPLOYEES.

63 Per Cent, Extra Dividend te Those Who
Have Stuck to Their Stock.

An extra dividend of approximately
65 per cent. is to be paid to employees of
the United States Steel Corporation who
subscribed for stock in 1908 under the
profit sharing plan devised by George W.
Perkias and who have retained the stock
up to the present time. These atock-
holders have received the regular 7. per
cent. dividends on the stock and also a
bonus of 5 per cent. a year according to
the terms of the profit sharing plan. In-
cluding the 635 per cent. extra dividend
they will presently have received a total
of $125 a share in dividends in five years.

Employees took about 50,000 shares in
1908, getting the stock at $82.50 a share.
tt was provided that annual 5 per cent.
bonuses be paid on all the atock thus taken,
Wut that those who solid théir holdings

a

teen - -
—— anes ee

 

MILLION TO AMERICAN MUSEUM | 2268 #xerv “PAPROL DUTY. a

 

MORRIS K. JESUP*S WILL CROWNS
AIS BENEFACTIONS.

 

Income te Be Used for the Collections
—8100 000 Left te the Brick Choreh
—The Gilbert Steart Washingten
Goes to the Chamber of Commerce.

By the terme of his will Mogria K. Jesup,
who died on Wednesday last, bequeaths
$1,000,000 to the American Museum of

Natural History in this city. Other casly

gifts to the amount of $115,500 he has settled
upon a library and three churches. There
are bequests to friends, servants and mem-
bers of his family, and the residue of the
estate goes to Mrs. Jesup.

John E. Parsons, who is one of the exeou-
tors of the will, gave out yesterday an
excerpt bearing upon the public bene-
factions. With Mr. Parsons there are serv-
ing as executors Mra. Jesup, Thomas
De Witt Cuyler, a nephew of Mr. Jesup,
aod Benjamin Stroug. who was Mr. Jesup’s
secretary.

Mr. Jesup left a will and codicilse. The
entire amount of the eatate has not yet
been determined and the will will not be
offered for probate for several days. The
provision for the American Museum of
Natural History, contained in the eleventh
clause of the will, reads as follows: *

1 give and bequeath to the American
Museum of Natura! History in the city of
New York $1,000,000, te oenstitute a perma-
nent fund, the principal to be invested and
kept invested, and the income to be applied
and apportioned to the general purposesof the
museum, other than alterations, additions,
repairs or erection of buildings, the purchase
of land or the payment of ealaries, or for
labor or for services of any kind ordinarily
considered under the item of maintenance.

I wish to explain that [I have bequeathed
this sum of 61,000,000 to the American Museum
of Natural History and that I have made for
it the other bequests and provisions con-
ialned in my will because of the fact that I
have been identified with the museum from
its act incorporation to the present time.
1 have been its president since 1882. Sinve
that time I have devoted a great part of my
life, my thoughts and my attention to ite
interests.

I believe it to be to-day one of the most
effective agencies which exist in the city of
New York for furnishing education, innocent
amusement and instruction to the people.
it can be immensely increased in ita useful-
nessa by increasing ite powers. The city of
New York under ite contract withthe museum
is to provide buildings and to maintain them,
but the buildings must be filed with speci-
mens. ‘this means that for this purpose the
necessary amount must come from individual
donors. It is in order that the means for thie
purpose may be helped, as the museum must
grow in additional buildings by the city, that
I make for the museum the bequests and pro-
visions contained in my will, relying upon
the trustees of the museum to do their share
by looking after the investment of the funds,
the use of ite income and by carefully watch-
ing over and wisely planning for the heat in-

| terests of this greet Inati¢ntion. ‘

Mr. Parsoba explained yesterday thot

| the words “other bequests and provisions,”

should thenceforth forfeit the bonuses,
which were then to be placed in a fund |
for the benefit of the employees continuing |
to hold the stock. The fuad trom which
the extra dividend will be paid has been
built up principally froin these forfeited

bonuses.

It is estimated that about 10,000 em-

ployees will be benefited by the extra
disbursement. The siock held by them
will not be entitled to heawase or extra
dividends in the future, but nexi year
there will be an extra hechor ement for |
vose still holding stock purchased in 1004
a go on, the extra dividend heing paid
et the end of five years from the date of |
subscription. There is a total of approx-

imately $10,000,000 in dividends, honuses
and extra dividends under the profit sharing
plan.

MOUNT ROVAL PASSENGERS IN.

Had a Second Stormy Voyage on the Vont-
rose- Sate at St. John.

St. Joun, N. B., Jan. 27.-After nearly
fifty days on the ocean the 300 immigrants
who left Antwerp on December 7 for St.
John on the Canadian Pacific Railroad
ateamer Mount Royal to make homes in
western Canada and the United States
arrived here on the Montrese. As known,
the Mount Royal was buffeted about the
Atlantic for a month and given up for lost,
There

| the passengers were transferred t» the

kept the switching arrangements at the |

Manhattan terminal so busy that Brighton
Reach, Beth Beach, Lexington avenue and
other trains were delayed on the bridge
until the platforms had become crowded.

After 5 o'clock the trouble set in
in earnest. The public, unfamiliar with
the new arrangements, asked the platform
men for suggestions and were told that
they knew less about it than the public.
The platform men declared that they had
no way of knowing where the trains were
going except for the lights and the sign-
boards on the trains. All the trains had
“Park Row” on the rear, and it was naturally
impossible to get through the crowd to
read the sign on the front of the trains.
According to the new arrangement sevoral
lines have the same lights, and the whole
thing was so confusing that the platform
men finally gave up and admitted t) nas-
eengers that they didn’t know anything
about anything. Some were supplied witn
printed instructions about the new service
but didn't appear to be able to make any-
thing out of them.

The crush was greatest at 6 o'clock, and
all the platforms seemed to suffer equally.
At times trains at the Park Row end of the
bridge were practically seized by the pas-
sengers and delays of over ten minutes
resulted several times. This held up trains
on the bridge, and at one time there was a
solid string of trains stretching to the City
Hall station on the Fulton street line and
as far back on other lines. An official said
that only thirty-seven trains ran between
5 and 6 o'clock, whereas it was expected to
gend out more than seventy.

Conductors of some of the trains became
frantic at times in their effort to get the
gates shut and their trains started. A
woman, who said she was Annie Callahan
of 17 Richmond avenue, Ridgewood, was
knocked off a car by a conductor and
‘trampled upon by the crowd. She was
badly bruised, Louviea Wernberg of Pali-

 

SEABOARD FLORIDA LIMITED SERVICE.
bia, Florida.

Shorvest’ Route. Othow iis) Broadway —

 

Montrose, and on January 11 left again
for St. John.

On the Montrose were also 100 other
immigrants from Antwerp. The Montrose
should have reached here Wednesday
last, but very rough weather delayed the
steamer. For seven days, between Jan-
uary 12 and 19, little more than sixty miles
was covered on any day. On the litha
great sea carried away a lifeboat, on the
19th the storm was very heavy, and while
it raged the body of a child who had died
the day before was committed to the deep.’
The Montrose officers say the voyage was
the roughest in their experience.

Of those on the Montrose 126 are for
western Canada, fifty for Cape Breton
and 126 for United States pointa. Nearly
all passed the immigration inspectors.

DARK DAYS FORTHE “COUNTESS.”
“Njed@a Ourosoff’ Furniture Seired by
the Sherif.

Sheriff Foley has received an attachment
for $2,021 against Njedda Ourosoff, other-
wise known as Countess’ Ourosoff, who
formerly resided at 168 Madison avenue,
in favor of the George C. Flint Company
for balance due on purchases of $8,001 worth
of furniture between September 1, 1906, and
January 81, 1907, on which she paid cash
$5,080. The attachment was granted on
Se qend Ont eS 6 ees Se.
The Sheriff - o> einen nt oe Mor-

“ave wi ouse, 282 0 -
Seventh aneet, whore it ls aa cu
The Sheriff
also in for $3,234
worth of furniture, &o., in same storage

warehouse.
A woman who called herself Countess

 

14-18 Pk, Pl; finest down-
charming music; seate

|

aside from the bequest of $1,000,000, referred
to certain stipulations of additional be-

quests which are rendered nugatory by the | afternoon on a charge of forgery.

fact that Mra. Jesup survives her husband.
Aside from the $1,000,000 endowment to
the museum and legacies to relatives,
friends and persona who had been in Mr.
Jegup’s service the will makes the following
provisions:
To the trustees of the

Westport, Conn,

| Library the portrait of the teatator’s grand-

father Jesup and $5,000 aa @ permanent fund.
the income to be applied to the purchase of
books.

To the trustees of the Brick Presbyterian
Chureh in New York, $100,000,

To the trustees of the Congregational
Church at Westport, Conn., $8,000 as a per-
manent fund, the income to be used first in
keeping in good order the graves and grounds
in Westport Cemetery, where are the graves
of Mr. Jesup’sa grandfathers Sherwood and
Jesup: sécond, in keeping in good order and
repair the parsonage of the Westport Congre-
gational Church, formerly known as the Jesup
homestead; the surplus, if any, to be used
toward the expenses of the church itself

To the Congregational Church at Lenox,
Masa., $2,500.

To the New York Chamber of Commerce
the portrait of Gen. George Weshington,
done by Gilbert Stuart.

The bequest to the American Museum
of Natura! History is the last of a long
succession of gifts he had made to the
institution since 1882. In 1907 he provided
the funds for the F. W. Putnam anthropo-
logical expedition to Alaska and the North-
west Territory. The object of the expedi-
tion was to investigate the origin and rela-
tionships of the Indian tribes on both sides
of the Bering Sea. The expedition cost
$150,000.

Laat year Mr. Jesup financed the Henry
Fairfleld Osborn expedition to the Fayum
Desert, Egypt, on a hunt for the bones of
the prehistoric elephant. Another scientific
expedition that he supported was the Lum-
holtz expedition to Mexico, bent on the
study of the rejationship between the North
American and the Central American Indian.
The Stone expedition to Alaska, which added
to the museum's stock of stuffed animals of
the north, also received aid from him.

Besides enabling these various field parties
to go out in search for material for the
museum Mr. Jesup wi a constant giver
for the purchase of private collections
whenever the direetors found !t advisable
to make such purchases. Last year he
spent $30,000 on collections. He also was in
the habit of contributing annually to meet
the deficit in the museum's funds,

RECOVER ROYAL MINIATURES.

Gold Framed Portraits of Princesses Gold
te « Bartender.

Special Cable Dospatch to Tas Son.

Lompon, Jan. 27.—The miniatures, in

solid gold frames, of the three daughters

of King Edward and Queen Alexandra,

which were recently stolen from a studio

 

 

for Cleveland, Ohio, where he speaks on
January 29 at the MoKinley day banquet
given by the Tippecanoe Club of Cleveland.
The subject of his address has not been
announced, but It is expected to be devoted
to political matters. He will return to
Washington the latter part of the week.

iF Pebbies. “tt ‘ualeen ‘Lane,

 

Tf you wish sty
ere new Bi
teigms

*

the initials “P. D.”

 

Tried Oat Down Coney Isiand Way,
Make Trouble for Make Believe Offenders.

Max, Jim, Dona, the ‘only lady of the
group, and Nogi, the first of the new dog
police equad to be started on patrol, began
their duties last night with policemen from
the Parkville station im the territory be-
tween Prospect Park and Coney Island,
They atarted on tour a few minutes after
mi

Lieut, Wakefield, who brought them from
Belgium, went down to see that they got
away in good form. He was in plain clothes
and by way of a test made as if to strike
one of the policemen. The dogs police are
@upposed to resent any attack upon uni-
formed men, and Nogi promptly jumped
to Wakefield's breast and knocked him
over a snowbank.

A little later Inspector Harkins and Acting
Capt. Funston of the district, purposely
dressed in plain clothes, encountered Police-
man Nicholson on Ocean Packway at a
dark place and after pretending to strike
the policeman started away on the run.

Nicholson tried to hold Dona, the dog
he was leading, but she got away and
tripped Inspector Harkins, who fell head
over heels on the slippery pavement.
Then the dog, still dragging its leash,
managed to get between Funston's legs
and treat him to a like tumble.

The dogs were taken in at 2 o'clock thie
morning, but to-night at 10 will be taken
out and kept working until 3 o'clock to-
morrow morning. For the present they
will be restrained by leashes, but after
they learn the precinct they will be allowed
to roam at large.

Each dog was provided with a new winter
uniform last night--a warm blanket with
neatly worked on the
bottom left hand corner as on the traffic
squad horses’ saddle blankets. Also a row
of steam heated dog houses has been erected
in the rear of the station house for their
exclusive use.

FRANK HITCHCOCK TO KESIGN.

Wil) Leave the Postal Service and Devote
iis Time te the Taft Hoem.

WaAsHINOTON, Jan. 27. It is understood
that Frank H. Hitchcook will retire from
the office of Firat Assistant Postmaster-
General on February 1. His resignation
has not been tendered yet, but he has made
known his intention to leave the Govern-
ment service. While no official statement
on the subject is obtainable there is good
reason to believe that Mr. Hitchcock's
decision to resign ie due to his acceptance
of an offer to be one of the campaign mana-
gere for William H. Taft.

Mr. Hitchcock has come into considerable
prominence in the last year or #o in connec-
tion with reporta that he was working to
control Southern State delegations to the
Republican national conventic” . The under-
standing in well informed circles is that
Mr. Hitchoock will leave the service of the
Government about the end of this week
and give his undivided attention to Mr.
Taft’s political interests.

MISS COLGATI’S SECRETARY

Arrested gn 91 900 Verges (hearse mec!
by Her Employer.

 

 

 

Mra. & S. Moffett, formerly secretary
for Mise F noe Colgate of 50 East Fifty-
} seventh street, Was arresied yesterday

The
arrest was made by Deteciives Hunter
and Fitzsimmons of the District Attorney's
office on an indictment found on the comm-
plaint of Miss Colgate, who charges that
on or about November 4 last Miss Moffett,
then her secretary, made false entries in
Miss Colgate’s check book and secured $1,0u0
by that means. The former secretary was
locked up in the Elizabeth street station.
Lewis H. Friedman, attomey for Miss
Colgate, said Mrs. Moffett had served as
secretary to both Mrs. Bowles Colgate and
her daughter, and that she had been in-
trusted with handling collections from the
investments of both. As far as the lawyers
could trace the discrepancies in the check-
book stubs extend over some six weeks

prior to December i, at which time Mrs, | th

Moffett left the Colgates' employ. The
matter was brought to the attention of the
District Attorney some days ago, and last
Wednesday the Grand Jury handed down
an indictment for forgery in the third
degree.

Mra Moffett is 40 years old. With her
aged mother and her sixteen-year-old
daughter she lived at 1166 Pacific street,
Brooklyn. The mother said last night that
she was a cousin of Mrs. Bowles Colgate,
mother of Miss Florence Colgate. Mrs.
Moffett had been secretary for Miss Colgate
for about two years. The late Bowles Col-
gate was head of the Colgate soap firm.

WHAT HAPPENED TO W. F. KING
ret He Is Bound Not to
sclose.

William F. King and his committee of
stockholders of the Metropolitan Street
Railway, who wrote to the special Grand
Jury asking that alleged criminal acts of
officers of that company be inves:igated,
were called before that body yesterday.

Mr. King gave to the reporters before
he went in a typewritten address he said
he proposed to make to the Grand Jury.
It sald on behalf of his committee that

Ie a Grand Jury

that they believed crimes could be proved
and that they have no personal evidence
of crimes whatever, but that they will
Kor at their own expense if the District
— them to present it
to @ Jury by their own counsel
(which he ae unless their counsel, is
one of his agsistante or a deputy assistant)
and let L, insel prosecute if indict-
mente are = They believe the District
ttorney has = heart in the prosecution.
are of opin 4-4 -- the C, neon
company's can be prosecu
for, 43 there was conap' to
pany’s property to indi-
vidual uses, that hat div dends were paid out
of capital tal and that various other crimes
were committed.

When Mr. ping come, out after an hour’s
session with the d Jury and the District
ie Soneed mee Ss aw i the
to faint and preehesy

iia

afternoon, when the Rs of the
Provident Life Seemeanes Savings Society
again gone into

Public Work for Pittaburg’s Idle.
Prrrasvrno, Jan. 37.—To provide work
for the unemployed, ordinances were intro-
duced, in Councils to-night for bond issues
of $488,000 for im roving streets, $658,000 for
main extenal

 

 

water jona and $1,200,000 to ex-
tend the water filtration system to Alle.
gheny.

mens arant, Park Row Bida. Perfec-
tion in culsine precision in service. Music.— Ads,

|

|

 

 

RUN THAT THE BANK CLOSED ON

TALE OF LETTERS FROM OFFICER
OF THE NORTH AMERICA,

Vice-President Chapin Says All He Did
WastoTeliaPriest Who Was Worrying
About a Trust Deposit Last October
to Take It Out Rather Than Worry.

An explanation of many of the with-
drawals of deposits from the suspended
National Bank of North America, if not
of the “run” that set in on Saturday, was
supplied yesterday in an allegation that
one_of the officers had written letters ad-
vising some of the depositors, among them
interior banks with balances in the North
America, to transfer their accounts to
other institutions, Interior banks and other

depositors, it was said, accepted this strange
advice with alacrity.

A report connecting Henry Chapin, ZIr.,
one of the vice-presidents of the bank, with
this peculiar transaction was explained by
Mr. Chapin at his home in Brooklyn last
night in this manner:

“Last October, when Charles W. Morse
was thrown out of the bank and the af-
faire of the institution were widely dis-
cussed in the press, a Catholic priest who ia
a friend of mine, the Rev. Father Henry,
came to consult me concerning $18,000 of
trust funds which he had on deposit with
us. He had been criticised, he said, for
leaving the money there in view of the
notoriety attached to the bank and had al-
most come to the conclusion that he should
on that account withdraw the deposit.

“I told him that if he was worried about
the safety of the trust fund he could save
himself anxiety by withdrawing it. He
did so. I told Morgan J. O’Brien, then
one of the directors of the bank, what I
had done and he approved my action. I
did not report it to President Havemeyer
for the reason that he had just assumed
the presidency and had taken no active
part in the details of the business.

“The incident passed out of my mind
until Friday night, when I asked to be per-
mitted to resign. I felt that the bank
would surely suspend in the near future
and did not want to be connected with
a failed institution. Other officers and
directors insisted that the bank would
pull through and I was reminded that I
had advised a depositor to withdraw his
account. I withdrew my request to be
allowed to resign on the protest of Presi-
dent Havemeyer and others. I have, of
course, written no such letters as those
mentioned in reports circulated to-day.”

Among the banks said to have withdrawn
deposits on the advice cf an officer is a
Baltimore national bank which had a balance
of $159,000 in the North America’s vaults.
A number of other banks, it is said, took
the same course, but it is very probable
that they needed no advice to induce them

to do so.

. Hannatook formal charge ef the
bank yesterday and was busy all day check-
ing up its accounts. In all probability this
work will be completed to-day. Mr.
Ridgely, the Comptroller of the Ourrency,
was in the bank a large part of the time.
Neither Mr. Ridgely nor Mr. Hanna would
give any detailed description of the security
assets of the bank, but it was announced
that the liquidation of the bank would take
more time than some people supposed. A
report that the liq: idation would be com-
pleted in sixty days was characterized as
absurd. It has long been known that among
the assets were blocks of Consolidated
Steamship bonds and other Morse and
Thomas securities. For many of these the
inarket i# poor at present.

A score of interior banks whic): had drawn
on their balances with the closed bank,
roade arrangements with other banks to
cash these drafts. Notices of the inetitu-
tions acting in this capacity were posted on
¢ doors of the suspended inatitution.

The number of outstanding Clearing House
certificates was reduced yesterday to $6,300, -
000. All of them will be retired this week,
and very likely within forty-eight hours or
80, it was reported yesterday. Their retire-
ment will make it possible to resume the
publication of the weekly bank statement
on February 8 On the same day there will
be published for the first time the groas and
individuai statements of the State banks
aud trust companies.

 

,

 

HEAVEN HELPS THE STREETS

And the Snow Is Too Watery to Be Heaped
On the Carts.

The little diffloulty that arose on Sunday
between the Street Cleaning Department
and John F. Shaughnessy, who has the
contract for removing the snow from the
streets, as to whether a cartload of snow
should be measured by water measure
or on the “heaping tablespoonful” plan
insisted upon by the contractor was settled
yesterday largely through the intervention
of mild Nature. Since the snow atill re-
maining on the streets was so nearly of
the consistency of water it could not be
heaped above the tops of the contractor's
wagons and the water measure held pretty
generally. The work of putting the streets
in shape progressed rapidly.

The contractor, confessing his inability
to requisition the number of carts that he
wanted to work pn the removal of the slush,
accepted philosophically the intervention
of the Street Cleaning Department's extra
force of men. Foster Crowell, Commis-
sioner of Street Cleaning, had about 4,000
men and 1,300 department carta at work
yesterday and the contractor had about
an equal number of men and wagons in
bis employ. Both the city official and, the
contractor agreed that the city would
probably be clean by Thursday night;
sooner if there should be any more rain.

 

MILK WAR IN WISCONSIN.

Situation Near te Milwaukee Similar to
That in Kentucky Tebacco Region.

Miuwavker, Jan. 27.—“If you sell an-
other can of milk to Milwaukee we will
blow up your place the first good chance.
Beware; we mean business.”

This threat is being ‘posted all over the
Waukesha milk producing district in the
war to make Milwaukee dealers pay an
advance of 10 cents per eight gallon can.

The situation is almost parallel to the
Kentucky anti-trust tobacco warfare. Ship-
pers are afraid of their lives. A number of
them have written to dealers in Milwaukee,
expressing fear of poison and injury if
they ship milk,

 

DEWEY'S SrABKLING A PE JUIO“.
Someone new. Drink.

H. T. Dewey & Sons Co., 1 Fulton » New York
Aa '

- ~~ - —

aa SEEDSAEe EBLE am awaene BhGR«Ga 8S ~~ RG Ghee Geeee>CUe megane a ea ge eae a ae a ach paces mea donning desig sr mei Doel cepted una caniaeemedi dea nepali gine ssaceniitee ania sceaesia diane

* us *
; -Ct-s-—s~-

Tourepar, Janu

28, 1908.

Fair to-day; snow or rain to-morrow,

risen UARY 2 8. 1908. han 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

TO CUT THE CULLINAN DIAMOND.

Head of Amsterdam Firm
Edward's aie
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sox.

AMSTERDAM, Jan. 27.—The honor of
cutting the Cullinan diamond which the
Transvaal gave to King Edward has been
entrusted to Asscher & Co. The task will
be an anxious one and will ocoupy 4 year,
although it will be carried on partly by
night as well as by day because King Ed-
ward wishes the work hastened.

The size of the stone necessitates special
tools and machinery. Jonkherr Asscher,
the head of the firm, will dothe cutting in an
isolated room, following King Edward's
instructions, which were given to aha ata
special audience.

When the work of cutting is not going
on the diamond will! be kept in one of many
compartments of a safe equipped with a bur-
glar alarm and guarded by two officials.
The compartment will be changed from

time to time.
DRIER

STILL NEXT SUNDAY,

Gen, Bingham Remarks That He's Merely
Exeeuting the Excise Law.

Commissioner Bingham when asked to
make some comment on the unusual number
of excise arrests last Sunday would only
say “I am executing the law. That is all.”
The word has gone out to the inspectors
and captains to make the saloons stop
selling on Sunday.

There will be more arrests next Sunday
than last unless the saloons take thetip. If
the Bowery ever had a dry Sunday in all its
history it will have one on February 2. The
general impression at Headquarters is that
something is doing behind the screen which
accounts for the activity ih excise arrests.
It is intimated in some quarters that the
despatching of Bronx detectives to make
excise arreste in Williamsburg was merely
a general announcement that Gen. Bingham
is Police Commissioner of the whole city of
New York.

CHIEF CROKER'S NIGHT OFF.

Cuts Tim Sallivan Dinner to Boss a Fire in
Evening Ciothes.

Chief Croker bossed the fighting of a
fire last night in evening dress, including
pumps and gilk hat.

The chief was in his headquarters in
Great Jones street ready for the dinner
to Little Tim Sullivan at the Hotel Knicker-
bocker when the alarm reported a fire
at 110 Bleecker street. To be on the safe
side the chief told his chauffeur to drive
around that way. When he reached the
fire Croker took a good look and then
jumped into the middle of things.

The building is of..six stories, and with
the exception of a rest@urant on the ground
floor practically all of it is occupied by
clothing manufacturers. By running
double lines to the three engines which
responded the firemen managed without
sending in a second alarm. The fire was
confined to the three upper fisors, with
a loas of about $25,000.

Well along in the evening Chief Croker

 

 

 

drenched shirt front and white waistoont.

 

FORMS A GOSSIPING CIRCLE

Evangelist Invites Peeple to His Apartments
te Talk About Their Neighbors.

Urtca, Jan. 27.—The Rev. Henry Mollvray;
an evangelist who is conducting a religious
campaign in Little Falls, has startled the
people of that city, particularly the women,
by announcing that beginning this week
and continuing for the next month a circle
will meet each Wednesday afternoon from
3 to 4 o’clock 60 that all the people who
have stories to tell about their neighbors
and cannot refrain from uttering them may
have opportunity to speak their minds under
circumstances where they will do no harm.
He announced that he would place his own
bachelor apartments at the disposal of
the gossiping circle and assured the audi-
ence that he was never more earnest. He
said too that he felt sure some people
woujd question his seriousness and that
they would speak slightingly of his effort.
Nevertheless, he added, perhaps theso
doubters are the very ones whom the circle
would most benefit.

 

MCCURDY NOT GOING WHEst?.,

Ex-President of the Mutual Says He bv.
pects to Stay In Morristown.

Moragistown, N. J., Jan. 27.-Richard
A. McCurdy, ex-president of the Mutual
Life Insurance Company, received several
newspaper men at his home to-night. He
denied the rumor that he was going West
and said he proposed to spend his remaining
days in Morristown.

“Don’t ask me any questions about
matters,” said Mr. McCurdy. “I don’t
want to talk about them. I don't take
any interest in Mutual Life affairs. I am
giad to be home, and expect to stay here.

“You see I am in a better frame of mind
than when I left Morristown two years
ago.”

CAMP FOR WOLF HUNTERS,

Permanent Camp wa Be Made in Algon-
qauin Park, Canada.

MONTREAL, Jan. 27.—The wolf hunters
got back from the wilds to-day. The sum
total of their catch was two poisoned
wolves and one Canadian lynx. The hunters

gay that weather conditions were against
them, the snow not being sufficiently deep
or the weather cold enough. However, the
members had a good outing.

A resul of the exoursion will be the
establishment of a permanent camp in
Algonquin Park for the special purpose of
wolf hunting during the cold period. This
camp, L. O. Armstrong says, will be estab-
lished next autumn and operated through-
out the winter.

$300 SU NBURST UNDERTHE SNOW,

Woman Whe Lost it Out Her Window
Thought She Had Bern Robbed. ~-
Mrs. Sadie Dugan of 500 Bramhall! ave-
nue, Jersey City, notified the loca] police
on Sunday that a sunburst containing
thirty-seven diamonds, valued at $800, had
been stolen from a chiffonier in her room.
Detective Sergeant James F. Larkins
could find no evidence of robbery and asked
Mrs. Dugan if she remembered shaking the
chiffonier cover out of the window at any
time, Mrs. Dugan replied that maybe she
had and the detective suggested a search
in the snow outside the window. He as-

sisted her in a hunt for the diamonds
and eve it up comhal b.

; n —_ the search yester-
day and under the wanes snow she found
the sunburst.

A ee

Seectan™ Mi s0'P ML. Omer "way, cor. ‘soth Si. age

 

 

 

 

 

~ fe -

 

!

Fe css ee ce cs ene lg amelie vers eh cele aa threpeaipeaaealeeaaaaA e ihieedcaeatacceaieenniaa

ee

PRIGE TWO CENTS.
GLADYS VANDERBILT MARRIED

BECOMES COUNTESS S7ECHENYI
AT A HOME WEDDING.

Great Crowd About tho House, but a Ruse
Enables the Couple to Get Away Al-
most Unnoticed—300 Relatives and
Friends at Ceremony—Specech by Cheate

Mies Gladys Vanderbilt,” youngest child
of, the late Cornelius Vanderbilt, became
the wife yesterday of Count Laszlo Jeno
Maria Henrik Simon Saéchényi. Through
the marriage she becomes the first American
woman who has acquired a Hungarian title.

The wedding was held at the home of
the bride's mother, 2 West Fifty-eighth
street. About 300 guests, relatives and
intimate friends witnessed the ceremony

While there was no repetition of the cdis-
graceful street scenes which have been
enacted at other prominent New York
weddings, notably the wedding of Miss
May Gooelet to the Duke of Roxburghe in
1908, the police had their hands full at
times yesterday caring for the crowd that
gathered near the Vanderbilt house. There
were at one time probably 3,000 persons,
most of them women, standing in Fifth
avenue and the side streeta hoping to get
a glimpse of the bridal couple. They were
all disappointed and the way that came
about was one of the most interesting hap-
penings of the day.

At 2:30 o’clock in the aftornoon Inspectors
Sehmittbergor and Walsh, who had charge
of the police arrangements, wore called to
the Fifty-eighth street entrance of the
Vanderhilt house. A carriage bearing the
Vanderbilt monogram was pointed out to
them. That was the carriage that would
take the bride and the bridegroom to thdéir
private car at the Grand Central Station.
They would leave at tho Fifty-sevonth
street entrance.

That was enough for the inspectora
They stationed about twenty-five men at
the Fifty-seventh street e:trance and this
number was reenforced a few minutes later
when the carriage drew up at the curb.

The crowd made a dash for Fifty-seventh
street; the photographers drew up in battle
array, and there was scarcely even a police-
man left at the Fifty-eighth street side.
The expectancy of the crowd was at its
height when word was sent out from the
house that the couple had gone.

The curiosity seekers started on a rush
up Fifth avenue, mixing up generally with
Fifth avenue traffic, but all they saw was
the tall end of a red automobile going east
through Fifty-ninth street. The Count
and the Countess had started on thefr honey -
moon. It will last only a few days, as the
Couns has booked sailings on the Kaizer
Wilhelm II. for February 4. They will prob-
ably spend the most of the time at Harry
Paysze Whitney’s place at Westbury, L. I.

The guests began to arrive at the Vander-
bilt house at 11:80 o'clock. The wedding
ceremony had been set for 12. but et that
hour fully one-third of the guests had noi
got into the house. At one time there was
a line of waiting carriages extending nearly
around the Plaga to Fifth avenue.

The guests aa they entered from the
Fifty-eighth street side laid their wraps
away and were taken on an elevator to the
hallway on the first floor. This hallway
runs the length of the house. It was dew-
rated with palms, fernsand Southern smilkx
There the guests were received by Mrs.
Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt, who was dressed
in robin egg blue, with a blue and gold hat.

The wedding ceremony was performed
before an altar erected in the drawing room
on the Fifty-seventh street side of the
house. This room was abloom with orchi¢es
Behind the altar was a bridal arbor of palths
and orchids. Some of the guesta at fia
the drawing room and some in the ball-
room, which adjoins it.

Nahan Franko’s orchestra of sixty-five
pieces and thirty-six choristers from St.
Patrick's Cathedral were concealed behind
a wall of palms and ferns in the hall. The
bride herself had selected the music. The
programme while the guests were aasem-
bling included two movements from Tschai-
kaqwsky’s symphony “Pathetique,” the
love music from Wagner’s “Tristan and
Isolde,” and the bridal procession frem
Rubinatein’s “Feramors.”

Mrs. Vanderbilt, the bride’s mother, en-
tered the drawing room first on the arm of
her youngest son, Reginald C. Vanderbilt.
She wore a pearl gray brocade, with her
famous string of black pearls. She took a
seat to the right of the altar, with her young:
est son on one side and Mrs. Harry Payne
Whitney, her elder daughter, on the other
side.

Mar. M. J. Lavelle and the Rev. Father
J. J. Byrne, master of ceremonies, both of
the Cathedral, who were to officiate, were
in the drawing room when the guesta began
to enter. Mgr. Lavelle wore the robes
of his office, a black cassock and cape
trimmed with red and with red buttons
On his head was the black, biretta with a rec
pompon, Father Byrne was dressed in the
regulation black cassock and cape.

The bridegroom entered with his best
man, Count Anton Sigray, a cousin. The
bridegroom wore the full dress uniform
of a Lieutenant of the Hungarian Hussars,
red knickerbockers, a dull gray coat and
tight fitting polished boots extending to
his knees. Over one shoulder hung a smal!
cape of chinchilla held in place by black
silk cords. At his side the Count carried
a sword with gold and ivory hilt. In one
hand he held his hat. Count Sigray was in
court uniform.

The Co&nt had no sooner reached the alta:
than the organ, hidden in a bower of palms
in the hall, struck up the opening bars o!
Gaul’s cantata “Ruth.” Above the organ's
notes sounded the soprano voices of the
thirty choir boys. The Cathedral quarte:
joined in. The bridal party came down the
grand staircase, crossed the ballroom ani
entered the drawing room. A wide aisle
fringed on each side by high palms and tall
vases of flowers! led straight from the hal!
through the ballroom to the-drawing room).
The aisle looked almost like a tropical
garden path.

Leading the procession were the two
bridesmaids, Miss Ruth Vanderbilt Twom-
bly, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. Mck. *
Twombly, and Miss Dorothy Whitney, the
second daughter of the late William (.
Whitney. Miss Twombly is a cousin of the
bride and Miss Whitney is one of her
closest friends. The bridesmaids were
attired in ivory white gowns of the princess
style, with girdles of white silk. They

 

Deerfoot Farm Sausages,
With Increasing knowledge of the danger tn
heaith through carelessly prepared food, con

sumers grow more fastidious In thelr selection
ae means purity, daintiness, cicaniiness.
AG.»

ee