ol

ee

a

7

hwore large hats trimmed with pink ostrjo
plumes and necklaces of pearls presente
to them by the bride.. Each carried a
muff of pink chiffon ornamented with a
cluster of white acacia blossoms.

Miss Flora Whitney, the ten-year-old
daughter of Harry Payne Whitney and «
niece of the bride, followed the bridesmaids
as flower girl. She was dressed in white
nd carried in one hand a basketful of
white orchids.

The bride followed, leaning on the arm
of her eldest brother, Cornelius. Miss
Vanderbilt's dress, of princess design, was
of white satin embellished with some
beautiful white lace which was worn by
her mother at her wedding. A cluster of
white orchids heid the veil in place.
She wore about her neck a string of pearls.

carried in one a prayer book
bound in ivory and gold and in the other
she held a bouquet of white orchids and
orange blossoms tied with white satin
ribbon.

Cornelius Vanderbilt placed his sister's
hand in that of the Count and the wedding
service began. It was the regular service

bed in the Reman Catholic Church
for marria in which one of the contract-
ing parties is not of that faith. Mgr. Lavelle
handed the ring to the Count, who in turn
placed it on the bride's finger, pledging
nis troth. Mgr. Lavelle said in his address. |

I hope, my dear friends, you have reflected
sufficiently upon the importance of the con-
tract which you have just ratified in the |
Presence of God. |

The solemn engagement by which you are
united is not of a transient and monien'ary
nature; it binds you together during the |
whole period of your earthly existence.

Whatever may be your present antici- |
pations, whatever the tie of affection that
binds you-to each other, the time of diffi-
culty, the time of trial, must arrive, when
ali the courage of a generous heart and all
the piety of «a true Christian will be requisite

to sustain you, to enlighten you and to pro-
tect from the fury of the storm the fair fruits
of domestic peace

It is this that awakens a feeling of the

deepest interest among those who surround
you on this oveasion and prompts us all to

mvoke upon you the favor of the Almight)
May He then extend to you those gracea which
will be the security of your earthiy happiness
and a piedge of your eternal weilare

Mgr. Lavelle went on to entreat them

both always to let religion direct them in
al) their actions. The couple then knelt
at the altar and received the benediction.

There was no salutation between tho
bride and bridegroom at the conclusion of
the service. Mgr. Lavelle and Father
Byrne congratulated them both and then to |
the strain of the “Triumphal March” from ,
Gounod's “Queen of Shena” they marched
out into the ballroom. ‘There an informal
reception was held.

Not more than 200 of the guests remained
for the wedding breakfast. Thirty-eigh:
tables were set in the dining room and the !
ballroom. At the bridal table, which was
trimmed with white orchid and orange
blossoms, were, besides the bride and
bridegroom, Miss Whitney and Misa Twom- |
bly, the bridestuaids; Count Anton Sigray,
the best man, and the ushers, who inciuded
two of Count Seéchényi'a friends, Count
Stefan Széchényi and Count Paul Later-
hazy. ;

At Mrs. Vanderbilt's table were Mgr
Lavelle, Baron Hengelmiller, the Austrian
Ambassador at Washington, andthe
Baroness Hengelmiller, Mrs. Ogden Mills,
the Rev. Fat Byrne and J. Pierpont
Morgan. : :

There were six or eight tables in the |
dining room, each of them presided over

a relative of the bride. Among others
who sat at the heads of these tables were
Mrs. W. Seward Webb, Mrs. William D.
Sloane, Mrs. George W. Vanderbilt, Mrs.
Frederick W. Vanderbilt and Mrs. Hamil-
ton McK. Twombly. The moet of the other
guests at these tables also were relatives—
chiefly cousins of the bride. Most of the
friends of the family had seats in the ball-
room.

Joseph H. Choate made a brief speech
congratulating the couple and Baron Hengel-
miller proposed a toast to their happi-
nese.

Besides the bridegroom and his best
tan all of the other Hungarian guests
and also the members of the Austrian
diplomatic at Washington wore
their court re This consisted usually
of very loud red knickerbockers, a biue or
green coat and tight fitting boots reaching

 

to the kness.
Most of the had left the house before
8 o'clock. © announcement was made as

to where the Count and the Countess would
spend their honeymoon. Some of the
friends of the family said they had planned
at one time to go to Oakland Farms, Alfred
G.’s place near Newport, but the chances
were that ae bes gone to Mrs. Whitney's
place at Westbury. : :

There were 150 police in the squad which
guarded the Vanderbilt house. rom 12:30
o'clock until after 3 they refused to allow
anybody to walk pass the Vanderbilt house
on the west. side of Fifth avenue. There
was a lot cf grumbling about this by men
who were compelled to cross che road
through the mud at_Fifty-seventh and
Fifty-eighth streets. The crowds in the
side streets were kept several hundred
feet away from the houge.

The favorite vantage point was the little
park in the Plaga circle. Fully 1,000 per-
sons were there at one time, but the police
kept the walks open.

Fe traftio problem worried the police
more than anything else. Inspector Schmitt-
rk er of the trafflo squad took personal
charge of this. He compelled all carriages
leaving the Vanderbilt yard to drive down
to Fifty-seventh street before attemptin
to turn. In this way they were able to fa
in with the Fifth avenue traffic without
upextting it.

Ke police hgd to handle one or two women
a little roughly, but for the most part it
was a very orderly crowd.

Among those who attended the wedding

were:

Mr. and Mrs. Harry layne Whitney
Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mr. an
Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs.
Reginald C. Vamderbilt, the Count and
Countess Denes Széchényi, the former
being an elder brother of the bridegroom;
Count Stefan Széchényi, a younger brother;
Count Paul Esterhazy, Count Anton Sigray,

nm and Baroness Hengelmuller, Mr.

d Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt, Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick W. Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs.
George W . Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs, William
K. Vanderbilt, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. H. McK
Twombly, Mr. and Mrs. William Douglas.
Sloane, . and Mrs. W. Seward Webb.

Mr. aod Mrs. William Edgar Shephard,
Mr. and Mre. William Jay Schieffelin, Mr.
and Mra. Ernesto G. Fabbri, Mr. and Mrs.
Dave Hennen Morris, Mr. and Mrs. James
A. Burden, Mr. and Mrs. John Henry Ham-
mond, Mr. and Mrs. Raloh Pulitzer, Malcolm
Sloane, W. W. Webb, Mrs. James A. Burden,
Mr. and Mrs. William A. M. Burden, Mr.
and Mrs. Payne Whitney, Mr. and Mrs.
Stuyvesant Fish, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Za-
briskie Gray, Mr. and Mre. M. Orme Wils4n,
Worthington Whitehouse, W. Fitzhugh
Whitehouse, Jr., Sheldon Whitehouse, Craig
Walsworth, Miss Helen, Bryce,, Miss Kate
Bryce, James Bryce, gies Mills. Reid,
Count Stephen Przeiziecky.

_ Nelson O'Shaughnessy, secretary of the
United States Legation at Vienna; Mrs.
ypden Mills, Miss Beatrice Mills, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Phipps, Mrs. Myles Standish
Bromléy. Mrs. Maturin Livingston, Mr. and
Mrs. Edmund L. Baylies, Miss Pauline
French, Samuel Wagstaff, Mrs Frederick
Nielson, Amos Tuck French.

Mr. and Mrs. John Jacob Astor, Mrs. W.
Waldorf Astor, Mr. d Mrs.
Brooks, Mrs. Goelet, Robert W. Goelet,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goelet, Miss Mary B.
Trevor, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Havemeyer,
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Drexel, William H.
Neilson, Mr. and Mrs. Elbridge T. Gerry,
Mins Mabel Gerry, Miss Angelica Gerry
Mis3 Emily Sloane, Mrs. Richard Townsend
and her daughter Miss Matilda Townsend
of Woelingien, Frederick Townsend Martin,
Mr. and Mrs. Bradley Martin, Jy., Mr. and
Mrs. Charles B. Alexander, Mr. and Mrs.

a TT,

Luther Kountze, Mr. and Mre. Royal Phel
Carrol], Mrs. Frederick Pearson, Miss Effie
Peo Moncure Robinson, Creighton

reor,
Webb, Count Agpeari. Mr. and’Mrs. An-
thony J. Drexel, _ > Mary Astor Paul,
Mies Anita Stewart, Miss Caroline Drayton,
Hon. Reginald Fellowes, Hon. J. J. Astley,
Miea Anna Sands, Mr. and Mrs. Arthui 3.
burden, Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop Sanda,
Harold Sands, Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop
Butherfurd. ;

Mr. and Mrs. J. Pierpont Morgan, Mise

ra

| Milton

Reginald

Your catalogue is sent
out on a definite mission—busi-
ness getting. Catalogues in the
aggregate constitute a selling
foree which places perhaps a
half of your output.

The degree of discrimination
devoted to their printing should
correspond to that which you
would employ were you organiz-
ing a corps of saleamen to go
forth upon an equally important
errand.

Specimens of our catalogue
work and estimates on your
requirements may be had for
the asking.

American Bank Note

Company,

86 Trinity Place, New York.

Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Atlanta,
Pittsburg, St. Louis, San Francisco.

   

Morgan, Francis Riggs, Mr. and Mrs. Ben-
jamin Guinness, Lady Sibyl Grey, Rawlins
Cottenet, Mr. and Mrs. Henry

Mies Nora Iselin, Mias Theresa Iselin,

Mrs. John R. Livermore, Mr. and Mrs.
Courtlandt Field Bishop, Miss Edythe
Deacon, Mias Evelyn Burden, Mise Gwen-
dolyn Burden. Mrs. Sidney Dillon Ripley.
Miss Anna D. Ripley, Marshal) P. Ker-
nochan, Phoenix Ingraham, Harry Pelham
Robbins, Charies D._ Wetmore, Floyd
Warren, Mr. and Mrs. De Lancey Kountze,

| Mr. and Mrs. Frederick M. Davies, Robert
| LL. Gerry, Peter G. Gerry, Willing Spencer,

Miss Evelyn Van Wart, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Laurens Van Alen, Dagmar,Wetmore, Dr.
and Mrs. Jarnes Markoe, Mr. and Mrs.
Moses Taylor. Ogden Mills Bishop.

Sir Edgar Vincent. Miss M. M. .
Mr. and Mre. Tracy Dows, Miss Evelyn
Parsons. Bronson Winthrop, Mr. and Mrs.
Barger, Count Alexander Tordk,
Mr. anc Mrs. Herman Leroy Emmet. Mrs.

| W. H. Schieffelin, Harry 8. Black, William

{. Eldridge. Baron Bornemissa, Mre. KE. A.
G. Slater, A. O. Bourne, Jr. Ambassador
from France 1. J. Jusserand, Viscount de
Martel, the Hon. Lionel Guest and Mrs.
Guest, Mr. and Mrs. Forsyth Wickes, Henry
Walters, Mr. and Mrs. Pembroke Jones,
Miss Sadie Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Clews, Mrs. Henry Clews, Jr.. W. Kirk-
patrick Brice, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Liver-
more, Mr. and Mrs. R. Fulton Custing
Barton Willing J. de W. Cutting, W. Harold
Brown, Monson Morrie, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick O. Beach, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bor-
den Harriman, Mr. and Mrs. Henry W.
Bull, Lawrence Gillespie, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry A. C. Taylor, Baron _Haymertie,
Baron Ambrozy and Baron Ffye of the
Austro-Hungarian Embassy at Washington.

eee END

ARGENTINA WILL BE PEACEFUL.

President Says the Government Can Faforte
its Decrees — Stocks Rally in Londen.
Special Cable Desputches to TaE Sup.

Bvenos AYRES, Jan. 27 --In conversation
on Saturday President José Figueroa
Aloorta of Argentina said that the country
was tranquil and that elements of re-
bellion against the Government did not
exist. The President added:

“In any case the Government is in perfect
condition to enforce respect for ite decigio:
to close the Congress.”

The opposition Senators and Deputies
having declared their determination to
assemble in the Congress building in de-
fiance of the Government's decree closing
the session, the Government has caused
the building to be occupied by a strong
body of police, with orders to allow no
one to enter. Everything remaing quiet.
The troops are still confined to barracks,
but this is merely a precaution.

Lonpon, Jan. 27.—The news of the political
crisis in Argentina caused at fires in the
stock market to-day a fractiona] decline
in Argor tina Government stocks and adrop
of a couple of ; oints in Argentina railroads.
But well informed persons profess to regard
the matter as a storm in a teacup. Prices
rallied in the afternoon and closed well above
the worst during the day.

 

SAYS MRS. DALY COERCED HIM,

Hosmer B. Parsons’s Answer to Her Sult
on Agreement He Didn't Ful,

Mrs. Margaret P. Daly, the widow of Mar-
cus Daly, has brought an action in the
Supreme Court against Hosmer B. Parsons,
secretary of Wells, Fargo & Co. and
presivent of the Wells, largo & Co.'s bank,
to recover certain sums of money which she
claims under an agreemen. executed by
Parsons on October 5, 1905, In answer Mr.
Parsons sets up that the agreement was ob-
tained from him by duress.

The complaint and answer show that Par-
sons acted as Mrs. Daly's agent in making
invest..e ts. Mrs. Daly Lecame opereaen-
sive that she would sustain a substantial
loss. Parsons avers thet befure any one
knew whether or not Mrs. Daly would sus-
tain any subsiantial loss she insisted on his
signing and exec ting a paper agreeing to
repay to her his commissions, threavening
that if he did not do 8» she would procure
his cischarge as secretary of Wells, Farga
& Co. and as president of the Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s bank.

Fearing tnis, he executed the paper and
paid over under it $20,000. Then he refused
to pay more and she is suing him for the
$90,000 balance.

Mrs. Daly alleges that Parsons made
representations to her by which she was
induced to ratify a subscription to certain
stock of the tern Timber : Company,
which subscription was made by Parsons
in her name whilej he was acting as her
agent, he being also a director in the com-
pany. She was about to institute a suit
against him but a settlement was arrived
at, he enteringin to an agreement to Ry her
950,000 in consideration of which re-
leased him from liability.

W. Bull. |
Egerton L Winthrop, Alfonso de Navarro Save for such minor annoyances. the

TT

AND HEAR “SEN. G6.” OWN UP TO
THE BET ON AZELINA.

 

Plutoeratio AssomDiage From the Wigwam
and the Reoctrack Bestows a Gold
and Sliver Bervice Upon the Bew of the
Aldermen ead Sliver O88 Everybody.

Cocktails.

A fellow had to be mighty careful how he
waced into his consommé hoche pot aw Mar-
vcla last night at Little Tim’s dinner at
the Knickerbocker for fear of splattering
the shirt fronts of some mighty important
persons. You couldn't throw a cham-
pagne oork in any direction without hitting
a Tammany district leader or a Congress-
man or a bookmaker or a State Senator
or a wine agent.

Highbalis.

No matter how eager one was to climb on
the outside of his pompiette de sole Angiaise
one couldn't slam one’s knife around re-
gardiess. It was pretty lumpy going,
altogether, because rulers of whole prov-

inces south of Fourteenth street, keepers

| of the high justice, the middle and the low,

j were on hand wrestling with the menu card.
Sherry.

Big Bill Devery, smoking a cigarette and
sitting alongside of Dan O'Reilly, who was

| smoking tobacco, levelled a finger at the
menu and inquired doubtfuily:

“Dannie, what d'ye make out these pommes
de terre Parmeniiére are? Hey?”
| “Irish apples,” said O'Reilly.

| safe, Bill.”

| “Oh, hell!” remarked Mr. Devery. “Why
don't they say potatoes. Bring ‘em along,

gasson.”

“You're

Cham pagne.,

blowout that Little Tim Sullivan's friends
gave him last ht was] about the floasiest,
affair in the history of Tammany Hall.
Was it swell? Well, you can lay 8 to 5 to-
day at the Metropole, or the Oocidental,
or Tom Foley's old Tub that it was about
j the nobbiest function ever. The dinner

cast “$48 a plate.” everybody who was any-

 

a few other inexpensive trifies as souvenirs,
and the way they tossed silver seta around
the room was enough to dim the brightest
eye.
Champagne.
George J. Kraus, grand marshal of the
Timothy P. Sullivan sketeers, was toast-
master, by right of alliance with the ruling
— of Sree er ite of es
wey tre, among o t 6. an

at his left and right sat the Big Drum Beats
of Tammany. ttle Tim, looking more
than over like a bashful young curate,
was et the me. of course. T there
was Henry y Sulzer, with his lovks
askew; Senator Thomas F. Grady, Tom
os, Patrick F. Mc-
Gowan, president of the Board of Alder-
men: Bird 8. Coler, Senator Riordan, Reggie
Doull and Senator Daniel F. Cohalan.

. Champagne
Naming the reset of the guests was like
calling the roll of the sac! of Tam-
many, etropole and the Big Ring at
the track. ere were a pair of Coroners.

: spoyece Harburger and Bernadotte Acri-
telli; John F. Ahearn and James F. Ahearn;
the Fellow, who sat at table with
Sb om Foley, be port dl Dan Finn anda
few others, siJent and letting all the honors
‘o to Tim the Less. At another table were
the Considines, John and rge, with
Bill Devery, Dan O'Reilly, Frank Farrei)
and others.
Cham pagne.

There vere Maurice B, Blumenthal, John
F Carroll, 5 aquest Cram, John J\Murrhy,
William B. Ellison, Maurice Featherson,
Andrew F , James Gaffney, Fire
Commissioner Nicholas J. Hayes, Magis-
trate Kernochan, Inspector McCluaky and
(inspector Titus, Henry J. Goldsmith, Little
Tim's law partner; Senator John C. M
“omptroiler Metz, Josech F.
Mulqueén Percy Nagle,
Oakley, John H. O’Brien,
Commissioner; Harry Oxford,
the Foroes on The Bowery; Col. Mike
Fire, Fadden, Preserver of the City’s
Water; Thomas B. Sexton, Secretary Tom
smith of Tammany Hall, Robert Adamson,
tthinelander Waldo and ‘Gene Wood. Of
the other Sullivans there were Florence J.,
who looked vory much like hinmelf and ig
said to have cuite recovered his health;
Paddy and we illigan,
ham pegne.
These were in the overnight entries,
but when the news got around pretty
pee that something was di at the
nickerbocker in honor of Tim Minor
there was a three alarm sent out and a lot
of added starters. Under the need fa
i : ohn

(errr en re SS SSD
4

first;
Maurice Rose, Matt
Justice Erlanger, Willie Willis and some
dozen others.

Tommy Dinnean, Sig_ Rosenfeld,
Corbett, Felix Isman,

Champagne.

Mr. McGowan was the first away from the
barrier when Starter Kraus sprung the

cord. He said he thought that New York
world become a pretty large town in time,
In fact Mr. McGowan thought very well
of New York. He thought the most im-
partane thing was that out of every dollar

ken in in taxes 25 cents is spent for the
education of children. Give us seven years
with them, he said, and we will make patri-
otic Americans out of them no matter if
their parents were anarchists of Socialisis.

{Applarse. |

Champagne.
Tammany Ha!! for the vorhing De
ple, said he, and then he an to hand fou-
uets to the Sullivans. complimented
lorrie as the man (Croker sent for and or-
dered to nun up the lower Fast Side,
and who did it without calling on the police.
He was mighty glad to see Florrie back
in the bunch and in health, he added.
Then he told what Bia Tim had done for
| the poor of the East Side, many a deed of
ary that the newspapers never got hold
of and that the public knew nothing about,
said Mr. MoGowan. As for Little Tim, he
was the goods, that’s all, the goods. re-
mendous applause]

“I present to you,” said Geor,
in introducing Sen. G., “the sly fellow who
put a bet on my horse Azelina, $100 straight,
$100 place and $100 show, without tei
me anything about it.” hter.

“The trouble with Kraus,” said ator
Grady, unruffied, “ts that he is a piker him-
self and never can understand any of his
friends rising to be an ything above a piker.

yy bet went down straight. (Laughter.]

Kraus

 

body got a toilet set and a manicure set and |

|

|

|
|
|

'

 

}

 

|

|

ut unfortunately it wasn’t at the track. |

(Roare.) And I couldn't collect it without
calling at the District Attorney's office.
(Yells of laughter.)
Champagne.
“Now,” continued the Senator,

eing
| one of the toilet sets, “I want to comp

ert

 

 

Suits at $22

that were good value at the former prices of $30,
$32 and $35 —stylish of course, for they were
produced by Alfred Benjamin & Co, to meet our

critical requirements.

Te or dl

LET Dine

oe ee

LJ
<2 eae
y

ee, P x.
J 4p jars
, a Le

te

 

the committee who had this
I'm lo from

or to-alehe “thee I've

last two years.
trctad me fp frond ae
a

ing it as iy sina to the one
have at home every day ”

(Hoots.]
Senator Grad

y was entered to
on “Friendship,” but thet the

ip thing rather gothim. In his

coat pocket was a speech on the great State

of New York as now ;
et an oration on home ruie for

e carried the old stuff about the pal

of our liberties in hie head, and it wasn’t

necessary to have any mansudrivt tospeak

on the Democratic party. [Lavghter.]

However, he would try

Cham pagne.

“Friendship,” said he, hitting a poetic
stride at the first jump, “ie as
i ath gen ay sha Kaha ur journey
ara t teup our
here below. It isthe jewel without price.
It is the thing that no man, no matter how
urn. It is a treasure
any_map no matter
how poor and wret . The man without ,
a friend is just in that degree more try |

s

came aan, ee van without a country!”
pplause.
After saying that he wouldn't tell when }
Little Tim firet get into politics becauee it -
‘t do at this late day to say when
Tim voted first or how many times, the
Senator prenented the vice-president of
the Board of Aldermen with a gold and sil-
ver table service that it took two good sized
cases to hold. called |

out:
“Have the: t Murphy's initiala on them?
His silver was ewiped” ,

Cham pagne.

Little Tim said he was deeply gratified
and that he was doubly fortunate in his |

 

friends. He had done the best he could
always for the people, he said, and he be-
lieved that the man who firet gave him hia
chance, nomination and indorsement, had
no cause to regret it--the Big Fellow, the
reatest of the Sullivans. (Whoops and
aurrahs for Big Tim.)
“I'm not betraying any confidence,” he
added, “when I say that George Kraus paid
me for the position of toastmaster. When |
the committee yoted whether Kraus or i
another fellow should have the job, the vote |
stood 7 to 0 in favor of the other fellow.
[Laughter.} Kraus said he'd make Grady
look like a dirty deuce if I'd give him the
chance, but he hasn't made good. Tom
has him buffaloed.”
Then Little Tim sat down and was ap-
lauded three or four minutes, with Big:
‘im and Tom Foley aod Nick Hayes leading
the claque

 

Cham pagne.

Job Hedges said he and Tom Hamilton
were going to Chicago with different ob-
jects in mind and he didn't know which
would come back riding on the band wagon
He said that his presence at a Tammany
feast showed that New York was unlike
other cities in the matter of friendsbip.
Here you can differ wth a man and yet
take @ drink peaceably with him. Inj
Chicago, said Mr. Hedges, they'l! kill you
if you express a different view. In Phila-
dofphie they won't epeak to you any more. —

“New York. after all, is the city of men.’
said Mr. Hedges, “and I like men. no matter
what party they belong to. d rather
have one honest man shed one real tear
on my grave than have the whole National
Guard turn out with some bored Colonel
saying ‘Is it pretty nearly over?’

Champagne.

He said he liked Tammany Hal! because
it wasn't hypocritical and never pretended
to be other than it is. Aldo, it was the only |
organization in New York that celebrated |
the Fourth of July, and Mr. Hedges thought |
that ought to be remembered to ite credit. |

Senator Cohalan. Morris Blumenthal and
a few others made short talks, and then
the electric lights winked out in the candy
reproduction of the City Hall, which stood
just behind Little Tim's chair

Champagne ail gone |

AMERICANS IN THE CONGO.

Messrs. Cravath and Andrews Back From
Exploring Trip--Big Plans.
Special Casie Despateh to Tae Sun.

Lonvon, dan, 27.~E. M. Cravath, 8. P.
Verner and D. E. Andrews of New York have
arrived here from the Congo Free State,
where they examined the concessions
granted to American interests. They say
that Americans intend to make consider-
able investments in the Congo Free State
if the Government will give adequate guar-
antees of a stable administration and the
political future of the country is sufficiently
assured.

One American expedition in the southern
part of the Free State was attacked by
natives, who compelled an alteration in the
course of the expedition. The American
Congo Company has built headquarters at
the mouth of the Black River, above Stan-
ley Pool, where there is immense water-
power suitable for manufacturing and for
the development of power for transporta-
tion purposes.

Mr. Cravath sails for New York on Feb-
ruary 1. Mr. Verner and Mr. Andrews are
going to Brussels.

OUIDA INTERRED AT LUCCA,

 

Friends and Admirers Sce Her Laid in Ceme-
tery She Described in a Novel.
Special Cadt> D spatch to Tus Sux.

Lucca, Italy, Jan. 27.—The body of Louise
de la Rimée, Ouida, the novelig, who died
at Viareggio on Saturday, was buried here
to-day with simple Anglican rites. Several
friends and admirers attended. The British
Cons) at Leghorn made the arrangenents.
The Italian Government was represented
by the Mayor of Lucca.

The picturesque little graveyard lies at
the foot of a magnificent amphitheatre of
hille, which Ouida described in one of her
works. The coffin bore a plate inscribed,
“Ouida. Died at Viareggio, January 25,
1008.”

The Macmillans have the manuscript
beginning of a novel by Ouida which is
believed to have been her last work. They
say it can herdly be published as it stands.
They hope the remainder, or at least con-
siderably more of the manuscript, will be
found among the author's possessions,
enabling them to publish the work.

8 | MARINES DROWNED AT SAN JUAN,

Dingy Capsized With Seven on Board, but
Five Were Resened.
Speciat Cable Despatch to Tug Sum.

San Juan, P. R., Jan. 27.--A naval dingy
occupied by seven marines capsized in
the harbor here to-day. Five of the mea
were saved, but C. £. Merritt and P. W.
Nunez were drowned. Their bodies have

ot been found. A court of inquiry de-

that the accident Was due to the
inexpasience of the marines in handling
a boat.

HATE ROVALTY, NOT KINGS,

Manifesto of Portuguese Republicans—Agi-
Jation tn Lisbon Stil,
. Special Cadte Despatch to Tus Svs.

Lisson, Jan. 27,~The Republicans have
issued a manifesto appealing to the country
to suppress monarchist oppression but dis-
avowing lity to royal individuals. It
concludes:

“The Republican cause is the sacred
cause of independence and the dignity of
the fatherland.”

The rumors of conspiracies continue.

SOCIALISM DEFEATED.

Vote 11% to 27 in New Seath Wales Labor
Conference—Cheers for Common Sense.
Spectal Cadle Despatch © Tas Sun.

Sypnay, N. 3. W., Jan. 27,--The New
South Wales labor conference has rejected
a@ resolution in favor of socializing the
means of production, distribution and ex-

 

, change. The vote stood 118 to 27.

The result was received with cheers and
shouts of “Common sense prevails”

  

of NEWARK, NEW JERSEY

 

 

 

The Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company

 
   

+= wre

 

 

 

 

1845 FREDERICK FRELINGMUYSEN, President 1908
©00
, TRANSACTIONS OF 1907 Ni
Premiu ; ¥ Death Claims $ 5,007,900.11
be Sed ecedene scl enseewheeneneenes $ 16,664,430.13 K's pccntangbesocseeccccccceteoee

Intereat and Dl a stekadneenehaedins 4,908,167-43 Endowments.........-- EN TRE oe es: a

rofit and Loss (Balance).............-s+++: 1006.72 Ammulthes...........ccccsseccrcersesces essee 44.
Surrendered Policies...............++00000+ ; 1, 15
BOOM inc cc cvccscopecscees bei steaews saan 2,290, 488.28
Total Paid een esgduasauetannns $ 11,338,673.35
Taxes, Fees and Licenses.............. Pues
peserence Sapo teptedins Taxes 2,308,086.77
nvestmen: excluding 206,190,89
Premiums on ds Purchased............. 136,417.98
FOE Ria. sso cnciversnastanszaiionsrs $ 21,667,002.28 Total Disbursements..............6.0006: $ 14,906,795.85

Excess of Income over Disbursements added to Policyholders’ Fund...........--- 87 ,360,896.43

ASSETS LIABILITIES .

Cash fe BOMBA... ocr cvccceres $ 1,243,320.33 PN, noes 0 0b vbvesees cbevescoesves $103,A81,043
atone. _— a a eerh nea tiaks 1.183,840.00 Other Liabilities.............0.555 aasien nts 1,388,170.43
BA Be PEE, onic c sv cecisancesneancesess 30,385,000.71 foe ee
Leth eeheaeeceasonet tes 53,850,708 .33 $104,724,214.08
Real ee Se veh aden eunnedianes 4,061,021.85 Dividends Payable in 1908t................. 2,476,004.45
TOGRE Oi POUGIOR, 5.0... sc crcccrsrrcccceces 18,788,254.64 Unapportioned Surplus (Par Values) ...... $ 5,376,185.20

Interest due and accrued, and other assets. = -3,466,638.02 p _ =

_— $112,506,403,.88
Total Assets........ .$112,586,495.88 Market Values Bonds under par value’..... 680,695.22

*This item has hitherto been included in the General Surplus.

*The Market Values of Bonds Owned are the Values as of

Issued and Revived in 1907.......-...6 660 ce eee renee

In force December 31, 1907.......

Increase in insurance in force during year.........

mber 31, 1907.
INSURANCE ACCOUNT
24,246 Policies, Insuring... . $ 58,285,839.00
sesecocees SORuEe sd perk hnie 450,080, 183.00
11,255 MT sitg sack baeSeReENORSe 28,770,277.00

Paid to and Invested for Policyholders in 3007 in excess of Premiums Paid by Policyholders,

#2,199,341.43.

Ratio Expenses and Taxes to Total Income: 1005, 15.4%); 5806, 14.8%; 1007, 14.1%,

The expenses incurred in obtaining the new insurance of the year amcunted to only 8) per cent. of the
amount allowed by the new insurance law of the State of New York.

The Tota) Insurance Expepses of the Company for 1907 e mounted to only 73 per cent. of the amount allowed

by the new insurance law of the State of New York.
Net Ratc of Interest Earned on Invested Assets (Par Values): 1805, 4.61°,; 1906, 4.68%; 1907, +9°”..

A full report of the year’s business will be mailed upon request to the Home Office or to any agent.

Amzi Dodd,
Edward B. Wright,
Marcus L. Ward,

Pred’k M. Shepard,
Fre@’k Frelinghuysen,
Albert B. Carlton,

DIRECTORS

J. Willem Clarke
Jobo ©. H. Pitney,

Fedwerd 1. Dobbins.

John R. Hardin.
Themes W. Cauldwell,
Peter Compbell.

L. A. CERF, Metropolitan Manager

137 Broadway, New York City

hme ut

MANY LOST IN STORM AJ SEA

BARGES TORN FROM TUGS AND
SUNK IN 100 MILE GALE.

 

Four Women ant From 10 to 326 Men

water—Reportedd Waterspout 1.400
Feet Migh-Cannon to Break Ht Up.

CHILADELPHIA. Jan. 27.--From eixteen
to twenty sailors and four womev, making

!

| unmanageable she was ieft anchored

 
  

while he had had o hard fime his tub was
not injured, Hoe has been since daybreak
Saturaay moraing seorching for the barges

The »atanzas was foind o} » ontaik
Point early Sunday morning, bit as she was
The

| crew had already been taken of by the

ita ian steamer San Gio.anni. Five of the
( oncord’s crew quit to-day.and as secon as

189 Montague Street, Brooklyn

/ a new crew ia sec red ( apt. Hewitt intends ,
Drowned Near the Delqware Bresh- |

up the crews of four barges being towel |

from Baltimore to Philadelphia and from
Norfolk to Providence, were drowned in
sight of the Delaware capes on Friday
night

Because forty-three miles of telegraph
wires are down bet ween thie city and Dela-
ware Breakwater news of the loas did no}
reach Philadelphia until thia afternoon.
Then’ information came to the Maritime
Exchange by letter from the exchange’s
operator at the Breakwater. Much greater
lose of life was feared.

Steamers arriving to-day brought other
details of the storm, which they say was
accompanied by 4 wind that blew at tim
at a rate of 100 miles an hour.
gay that the coast from the Breakwater to
the Gulf is strewn with wreckage. The
Norwegian steamer Cecelia, from Canalete,
Columbia, via Turks Island, got in and re-
ported encounters with waterspouts reach-
ing 1,500 feet in height

They found it necessary to keep up a
bombardment with a small cannon on the
forepeak. The shots swept through and
shattered the spouts, according to Capt.

de. Coal gave out and ore
reakwater was reached it was necessary
to burn the wood from the decks and the
dunnage in the hold. Even with thie the
boat got in with dioulty. Capt. Bryde
ten waters >
— one of thom menaced the ship,”
aaid he. “I never saw such gigantic ones.

Only the cannon saved us.”
The lost barges di just outside
the

reak water.

The tug M. E. Soully had in tow the barges
New Jersey and White Band. The tug Mur-
rel] had the Gwennie and the Fannie. The
Seully was bound for Providence, R. I.,
and the Murrell for Baltirnore. barge
New Jersey anchored and cut its hawser.
The White Band, apparently finding itself
going, cut its nae vous men and two
women on "

The captain of the Scully, despite the
danger to bis own Craft, went in pursuit of
his deyelict barges, and after an all da:
search picked up the New Joreey. whic!
bed found an anchorage close to the Over-
falls li ip.

Tet wed a rescue that for heroigm
has seldom been equalled. The tug’s crev
at the risk of their lives launched a small

and succeeded in taking off the barge’s
crew. Some of the rescued sailors were
half frozen, The barge was on the int
of capsizing all deck movables the
cabin having been swept by the board.
While returning with the crew of the New
Jersey the Scully picked up the White
Band, which bad turned t

stood +.
ie was from Norfolk to New
wtord, the Nannie from. Phi

if ae ae
timore. They,” irty- ~ po

broke . The Nannie was picked
‘Murrell twelve hours later’ ebout

up
‘choc goturds n ,and after 2 fierce
bertle shoe the bows the bug capeat in and

The fog failed ey . yever
and

to the Gwennie, however,
crew searched all

that night

ray. Four men and one woman

"Teo other ba , the Pall River and
ort tront Vulledelphia te Boston in tow

rom

of the tug Conoord, are also missing. Each
barge corztied a orew five men and a
woman, They broke adrift off the Scotland

lightahip and many hours a’ t

crew of the Matanzas was picked up by the
Italian mamaniy Gos Giovanni and brought
to New York. Nothing has been heard of
the Grafton and Fall River and it is probable

M. B. Soul pe py «Ape Rd ed
ved in y
oak sone the loss of the barge White

Band off Delaware Breakwater on Friday
with six Providence people aboard.

The m < are Capt. Albert
Garcia, William ,» Thomas Gormely,
J bh Tully, Mar, Smith and Ju
Healy. The Scully in tow the bar,
White Band and New Jersey, and while

in the gale the hawser parted and
the Sen ariel ones.
lost it of her, the next
m Scully found her wrecked on
. There wae not trace
of those who had been on board.
fend wae leaded 08 Townert
Nowe wile 2.0 taupe of consigned to
a
Newport, Jan. 27.~The tug ©
. Thomas

segs sh Geb ERSEESS S58g SabegeeSUGE SEAAEUEAN ES? REaeeeatets Foe Uhacgra § #% seeaee ky.

making another saarch for the lost bargos

VWAGOON SAILS FOR TAMPA.

Rumors in Hasana That We Is to Succeed
Taft in the War Department.

; wo Cabl: Despatet to TAR SUN
Fiavas dan Gov, Magoon sailed
for Tamra this morning on the revenne

eutter Hartley 45 the cutter started, a4
salute was fired from the Cabanas Fortress.
to which the cutter responded

Gov. Magoon says he expects to returs
to Havana by February 20. There is much

| that goes to make

' $0 vears’ experience

specniation concerning the true purpose ,

of his trip to Washington. Many persons
here think that he will not come back, b»t
that he will succeed Mr. Taft as Secretary

' of War.

|

The captains |

 

|

If it is the intention of President Roose-
velt to relieve Gov. Magoon he would rrot-

es | ably rerlace him rromrtly, es it would be |

difficult for any successor to assume contro! |

later when the elections are aprroaching

There are rumors to the effect that ex- ,

Consu)-Genera! Steinhart will be appointed

Provisional Governor, and alao that Sefior |
Genzalo de Quesada, Cuban Minister to |

the United States, will receive the appoint-
ment. These rumors excite considerable
comment

DIES IN TERRACE GARDEN.

Edward C. Talcott Collapses While Waiting
tor His Luncheon.

Edward ©. Talcott, a leather broker at
141 Broadway, who lived at the Hotel Sey-
mour, 50 West Forty-fifth street, died of
heart failure in: the restaurant of Terrace
Garden, Fifty-eighth street, yesterday after-
noon.

‘Talcott entered the restaurant about
3:30 o'clock accompanied by a young
woman. While the waiter was getting them
luncheon they hadadrink, After draining
his glass Taloott toppled over. Dr. W, A,
Bastedo of 86 West Fifty-eighth street,
whom the young woman called on the phone,
said he had been treating Mr. Taleott for
some time for heart trouble. After a con-
ference with the physician the woman said
she was Margaret Jones of 56 West Fifty-
eighth strect, which the police say is a
flotitious name. ,

Mr. Taloott’s brother, Allan B. Talcot?,
an artist of 25 West Sixty-seventh street,

iy ved to an undertaxin
establishment. r. Taloott said that buria
would be in the Cedar Hill Cemetery at Hart-
ford, Conn. The dead man was W
old and unmarried, He was vice-president
of the Texas Crude Oil and Mini fom ry.
@ was born in Hartford, Conp. father
was Seth Taloott. Mr. Talcott was at one
Eachenge but retired to go into the esther
Susie Charles Taloott the Raloots
Drug Company of Hartford is a brother

EEE
GRAPE-NUTS.

——~

 

ae

 

OR

CUBS’ FOOD
They Thrive On Grape-Nats.

Healthy babies don't cry and the well-
nourished baby that is fed on Grape-Nuta
is never a crying baby. Many babies who
cannot take any other food relish the perfect
food, Grape-Nuts, and get weil.

“My little baby was given up by three
doctors who said that the condensed mijk
on which I had fed her had ruined the child’s
stomach. One of the dootors told me that
the only thing to do would be to try Grape-
Nuts, so I got some and prepared it as fol-
lows: I soaked 13; tablespoonfuls in one
pint of cold water for half an hour, then I
strained off the liquid and mixed 12
fuls of this atrgined Grape-Nuts juice with
six teaspoonfuls of rich milk, put ina pinch
of salt and @ little sugar, warmed it and
gave it to baby every two hours.

“Ln this simple, easy way I saved baby’
life and have built her up to a

i nn

wonderful effect as this. [ can truthfully
aay I think it is the best food in the world

strong, healthy man or woman. It
for the true theory of health “ ‘se
.” Read “The Road to Wellville;”

 

Accurate Style

of Colonial Time.

The reproductions :
of our master teork-
ren possess every
detail attraction

the furniture of the
Colonial period so
highly prized. The
uarantee of dure-
ili y is found in our

in Furniture building.
Schmitt Brothers,
liihinied ite” «= 4 East 23d,

Aleo a Comprehensive Collection of
Antiques and Reproductions at

' 343 & 345 MADISON AVE.

CARL H.SCHULTZ’S

c\FIClAL V
re RBONIC’”?

 

     

See

 
   

EE AS

BUSINESS NOTICES,

RRR Oe

ee
ete ye
ee

 

allays pain, cures wind , Slarrh@a.

DIED.

APPELL.-—At Pasadena, Cal., January 23, 1808,
George C. Appell of Mount Vernon, N. Y., la
the 50th year of bis age.

Funeral services will be held at his late residence,
Cedar st, Bronavilile, N. ¥., on Wi °
January 29, at 8 o'clock P. M. Interment «8
Kensico,

 

wife of the late J
daughter of the lave © Clagk

HANFORD.—Suddenly, at Albany, N. Y¥.. Jaau-
ary 25, 1908, George Fordham Hanford, beleved
husband of Emma L. Whitioek, in nis 1m year.

Relatives aud friends are invited to

New York State papers please cépy.
HATCH.—On Suaday, January %, Theodosia
gies, widow of Alfrederick 3. Match,

KELLEY..-Suddenly, on Monday, Jenuary
1, as ie enionce . 20 Weet sth ot.,

:
i
i
S

4
iu
i

i
if

i
Z

i

z

VANDEWATER.—At Mempoted, W. ¥., Janyary
Suse capuine te as te
Frankia aad Jackesop cs., deen, fucss
2 January 38,48 720 P.M. later