oo

— Rees

   
 
 

THAW DEFENCE I$ ALL

THE CASE LIKELY T0 GO TO THE
JURY BY THURSDAY.

Manic-Depressive Insanity Brought Out as
Thaw's Allment—Three Experts Make
Expected Answer to the Hypothetical
qhuestion—Jerome Scores on Them.

The defence of Harry K. Thaw closed
at 6:30 o'clock last evening. It is not ex-
pected that District Attorney Jerome will
take more than a day in rebuttal, and the
simming up will probably be on Wednes-
day. Justice Dowling, who has a great
regard for speed, may oharge the jury
on Wédneseday evening, but it is more likely
that he wil send the case to the jury on
Thureday morning.

This trial haa been shortened by two
months as compared with the first trial.
Although the hypothetical question was
a long one, Martin W. Littleton, Thaw’'s
counsel, read it in such rapid fashion that
he did not take more than an hour and a
half. Only three experts were examined,
and after a brief direct examination they
were disposed of by Mr. Jerome, all inside
of an hour. Mr, Jerome had not made
up hia mind last night, but it is doubtful
if he will call any experts. Up to last even-
ing he did not have a hypothetical ques-
tion ready and he has had no alieniste in
court.

It was the general impression that Mr.
Jerome smashed the value of the testimony
of the three experts for the defence. He
made no attempt to treat their evideno>
seriously. A® an example of his attitude
toward them he got from Dr. Britton D.
Evans the admission that at the last trial
he awore that when Thaw killed White he
was suffering from a brainstorm and then
let him go.

{f there ia no hitch in the plan of last
evening the testimony of Abe Hummel
about the affidavits he says Evelyn Nesbit
made in his office against Thaw will be
taken at his bedside in the penitentiary on
Blackwell's Island. Mr. Jerome said that
he got word that Hummel was so sick he
could not be removed from hia bed. Mr.
Jerome wanted Mr. Littleton to consent to
Hummel's testimony at the last trial being
read, but Mr. Littleton made some remarks
about Hummel’s reputation for suborning
perjury and refused to consent.

Justice Dowling announced that Hum-
mel’s testimony would be taken this even-
ing. Justice Dowling, the lawyers for both
sides and newspaper men will he present,
it is understood. The jury will not be
present and Hummel’s deposition will be
read to them.

What Thaw suffered from when he waa in
Europe, when he killed White and at other
Umes, was manic-depressive insanity, ac-
cording to the testimony yesterday. This
form of insanity was described as a com-
bination of excitement and melancholia.
It is recurrent and there is no way of telling
generally when a person who suffers from
it may have another attack. This phase of
the disease interested Justice Dowling, who
asked the experts some questions which
may have a bearing on what will happen
to Thaw should the jury acquit him.

The manic-depressive insanity was intro-
duced by Dr. Sidney Russell Wells of

London, who told of Thaw jumping around | and back again.

in his pajamas, scaring a nurse and later
calling for twenty tons of ice and a squad
of nurses. Other foreign witnesses told of
things Thaw did abroad. All said that
he did not have delirium tremens. The
doctor who treated Thaw after he is said
to have attempted suicide in Paris by taking
laudanum testified that, he pumped him
out, but he did not say that he found traces
of ijaudanum.

The defence did not succeed this time
in getting in the will Thaw made on the
day of his marriage to Evelyn Nesbir.
One of the last things decided by Jusiice
Dowling waa that it not been properly

identified as being in the same conilition as |
' gee Thaw in the spring of 1004 at the hiote

when it was made.

DR. BINGAMAN TESTIFIES.

The Thaw family physician, Dr. Charles
F, Bingaman, was first on the witness stand
when court opened. He is just reco, ered
from an attack of pneumonia and he looked
white and feeble. He told the jury that he
first saw haw when the latter was a
child of 2 and was recovering from a
nervous attack. The child lay in a heavy
stupor. He slept little and his digestion
was bad. The boy was excessively nervous
throughout his childhood and had long
peri when he sigpt little. When he was
6 or 7 years old he had St Vitus dance in
a marked form.

_ "I saw him at his home in Pittsburg in
November in 1903,” said the physician,
“and he was then in a highly excitable
condition.” This was just after Thaw had
returned from Europe, where Evelyn Nesbit
had told him of the relations between her-
seif and Stanford White. Dr. Bingaman's
next view of Thaw was about two monins
after the killing of White.

“I saw him at the Tombs,” said the doctor,
“and he shook hands with me through the
bars. Dr. McGuire, the prison physician,
waa with me, and aa Thaw had the hars o
ie cell atuffed with newspapers Dr. McGuire
told him that he'd have to take them down.
“AN right,’ he said, ‘but if I should take
cold and die it wouldn't look very well for
this institution.’, After that he told me it
was of a general conspiracy to see
that he caught cold and died. He declared
that several rich men had conspired in
various ways to bring about his death so
as to prevent him from exposing their evil
deeds. He asked me if I noticed anything
out of the way about the action of his heart,
adding that the doctor who had examine]
him since the ‘act of Providence’ had found
his pos peculiar. Heseemed very nervous
end suspicious of everybody who came near

tm.

Dr. Bingaman said that Thaw's acts and
appearance at that time seemed to him
irrational. On crogs-examination the wit-
nessa gaid that at first he diagnosed the
convulsive fite that Thaw used fo have ae
fite of infantile anger, but later on he changed
his mind and thought they were due to
hervous disease.

A PHYSICIAN FROM LONDON.

The first of the foreign physicians sum-
moned in the case was then called to the
stand. He is Dr. Sidney Russell Wells,
one of the governing of the University
of London and an attending physician at
several London hospitals. He boasts a

ve retty red and a mustache of
a tine Se flery,

tween his manners and his whiskers could
not possibly be . His voice was so
gentle that he was all but inaudible.

Dr. Wells testified that in ouly, 1990, he
was called to Claridge’s Hotel in London
‘o attend Thaw. He found him very ner-
vous and excitable. He couldn’t seem to
talk consecutively and his pulag was rapid.
He gave him an opiate and called agai
the next morning. At that time he dia?
nnaed the case as one of mild mania. He
sent for a trained nurse and put her in
charge at once. The next time he called
he found Thaw dancing around the room
clad only in his socks and in the jacket of

his pajamas.
“le wae demanding that the nurse should
help him put on his trousers,” continued the

doctor, grinning quite frankly, “but IL
«nieted him by telling him that that was not
# proper request. At that hedanced around

phemous

the room again using, oh, very blas
and er--yea—o language.”

“How did you diagnose his case?” asked
Mr. Littleton.

“As subacute mania,” said’ the phasieten.
*] got him an enormous room at the Devon-
shire Nursing ren obi ae wapees
a big room, an t .
When we got Lik tate it s complained
chet hp couldn t breathe because it was so
@mall.”

“Did he say anything about wanting
@ome ice?”

TONS OF ICE AND A SQUAD OF NURSES.
“Oh, yes. ‘He said he wanted @ great

|
|
|

 

|

 

and the contrast be- |

 

Giaatity of it—I believe sbout twenty tons.
asked to have it stacked up all about the
room so that it would cool ”

sisted that he was burning up with fever.”
- a gay anything about wanting more

“Yea,” said the witness with another
reminiscent grin. *He said he wanted a
corpse of them-—twelve or twenty, I believe
he said. He declared tha

about six days and that Thaw was entirely
well except for some nervousness at the
end of nine days. He never showed any
signs of delirium tremens.

What waa hie condition when he left the
h ?” asked Mr. Littleton.

* was nervous—I believe he
comes of neurotic stock,” said Dr. Wells,
“but he was perfectly rational. I treated
him twice after that, but never found any
conditions like the ones | have described.”

Mr. Jerome wanted to know if the wit-
ness considered it a typical case of acute
mania when a man raved for five days and
recovered sanity in two more. The doctor
said be cid. He then asked what authorities
the Witness had studied upon the subject
of insanity. Dr. Wells mentioned several,
but said he wasn’t familiar with the writings
of Krafft-Ebing, neurologist upon
whose achievements and works the Dis-
irict Attorney placed so much stress at
the first trial.

Mr, Jerome seemed very anxious to know
whether Thaw after recovering from this
attack of subacute mania, which the
witness said was known on the continent
as manic depressive insanity and was re-
current, remembered any of the shings he
had done while he was ae Dr. Wells
said he believed he did remember dancin
about the room with only his socks an
pajama jacket on, because he apologized
to the nurse.

The District Attorney’s manner of ques-
tioning the witness displeased Mr. Little-
ton, who said it was “an undignified way to
conduct this examination.”

“That comment is unnecessary, Mr.
Littleton,” said the Court sharply. “If
you desire to lodge an objection you may

80.

Dr. Wella also told Mr. Jerome that Thaw,
on being moved to the Devonshire Nursin
Home, desired to have the walls pull
down so that he could get more air.

Miss Lillian McBride, the nurse who at-
tended Thaw at the instance of Dr. Wells,
told of Thaw’s antics at Claridge's and the
Devonshire Nursing Home, repeating the
story of how he got out of bed and danced
about the room almost naked and using
“very dreadful language.”

“I was about to ring for help when Dr.
Wells arrived,” she said. “When he got
tothe Devonshire Nursing Home he wanted
the walls pulled down and lots of iae-
tons of it—twenty tons, if L' remember
correctly, though it was quite cool at that
time in London.” '

She, too, told of Thaw's expressed desire
to have a squad of nurses formed so that
he could drill them. She never noticed
any signs of delirium tremens. She thought
Thaw appeared most irrational.

Migs McBride told Mr. Jerome that Thaw
often spoke asif he intended violence, and
oe it was often hard work to keep him in

DOCTORS FROM ROME AND PARIS.

Dr. Frederick H. Burton Brown, a very
British person indeed, said that he used to
be the official physician of the British Em-
bassy in Rome. His residence in Italy, it
may be said, has left no trace upon his
accent. On March 9, 1902, he was called
in to see Thaw at his hotel in Rome. He
found that at first Thaw didn’t remember
having summoned him. Thaw soon re-
called the fact, however, and submitted to
an examination, though he kept jumping
up and throwing parcels and papers about
his room and running into the bathroors
He had a decided fever,
the clinical thermometer showing | |
ogee.

fe told me,” aaid tho witness, “that he
had to go toa reception that night. ! said
it wae out of the question, but the next day
4 learned that he had done so. I then put
a nurse in charge of him and she remained
three or four days. I thought it a case of
mild mania. There was no indication of
dejirium tremens.”

An interpreter had to be called on to
deal with the next witness, who was Dr
Maurice Gsauja, hous pnysician of the
Palais d’Ors:y Hotel in Paria. ‘Tne defence
called him apparently to back up young
Mra. Thaw’'s story about Thaw having
attempted suicide by laudanum in Paris
in 1904.

Dr. Gauja testified that he was calle | to

and he had found him in bet. ‘there wrs
oung wornan in the room dress: jen is ia-
Bille. He didn't know whether it wes the
young man’s wife or not.
“The patient had a svesn of the stomac!

eee

a few questions himself. Those
the questions thought that Dr. W r’s
answers may have ‘e+ bearing on Justice
Dowling’s action if Thaw is acquitted on
the ground of insanity.

“It is a fact, is it not,” said Justice Dow-
ling, “that there attacks of manic depressive
insanity are apt to recur?”

“It is,” said Dr. Wagner.

“Is there any certainty or way of telling
when they will reour?”

“There is not,” said Dr. Wagner.

“Is it nota fact that they are more apt
to recur when the sympioms of disease
have been noticed in early life than when
7 come later?”

“I do’not think that is so,” said the wit-
ness

“What is your opinion?” asked Justice
Dowling.

“In my opinion there is no
be laid down which will enat
ong opinion.”

here was no general way, the witness
said, of telling when the lucid intervals
would return, but it might be possible to
tell in individual cases.

Dr. Evans, like Dr. Wagner, said that
Thaw was of unsound mipd when he ex-
amined him in the Tombg/ and that he did
not know the nature and quality of the act
and that it was wrong when he killed White.
He wasn't asked anythin,
depressive insanity, but Dr. Jelliffe, who
was called next, was. He didn’t examine
Thaw in the Tomba, but he said that on the
hypothetical question Thaw did not under-
stand what he was doing when he killed
White. His description of manic-depres-
sive, was about the same as Dr. Wa r's,
but he added that there were mild and
violent forms of it. The attacks varied so
much it was impossible to tell when they
might recur. So Justice Dowling had a
question to ask.

“Do you mean to say,” he said, “that a
person who has one of these attacks would
commit an assault?”

“Yes,” said Jelliffe. “They beat around,
knock around, tear clothes, run through
the streets or wards of institutions and do
other maniacal acts.”

A HALF HOUR FOR JEROME TO STUDY.

Ir was near to adjournment time and
Mr. Jerome, who had just got through
with the Grand Jury, came into court.
He said manic-depressive was a new ele-
ment injected into the case, and while he
knew something about insanity he San
he ought to have a chance to specialize
on this particular form. Justice wing
gave him half an hour’s adjournment, but
no more, saying that he was going to get
through with the expert last night.

As soon as the half hour was up Mr.
Jerome called Dr. Evans to the_ stand.
Mr. Littleton made a protest. He said
Dr. Wagner should be examined first. Mr.
Jerome said he would examine Dr. Evans
first or nobody. Justice Dowling ruled that
the District Attorney should have his way,
with the result that Dr. Evans, somewhat
flushed, was produced from the corridor
or somewhere thereabout.

“Did you,” said Mr. Jerome right off the
bat, “testify at the last trial that Thaw
killed Stanford White while suffering from
a brainstorm?”

“Objected to,” said Mr. Littleton, “as
there is no such evidence in this case,”

“Overruled,” suid Justice Dowling
promptly. f

Dr. Evans balked. He said it was during
a brainstorm: he was describing a condition,
not classifying a disease. Mr. Jerome
had all these explanations stricken out,
insisting upon a direct answer, and re-
peating:

DR. EVANS ADMITS THE BRAINSTORM.

“Was it not your opinion at the last trial
that Thaw, this defendant, killed White
while suffering from a brainstorm?”

“Y-e-8,” said Dr. Evans ig reluctantly.

“That's all,” snapped Mr. Jerome.

Dr. Evans told Mr. Littleton that brain-

uide that can
us to form

i
'
'

Sa

‘storm was not a common expression, but |

it was used to describe a condition and

‘not a disease, and it was in the books on

: mental

and nervous diseases. But Mr.
Jerome didn’t care to hear any more from
Dr Evans and he let him go.

Dr. Jellife was called next for crosa-
examination. Mr. Jerome asked him one

, or two questions. +

every few minutes,” tie interpreter siid |

the witness siid, and the doctor thougit ut |

first that tne trouble was pia oniag “cris: |
by some alimentary cause.” fae witness 4
further remarks were repressate | tus vy
theinterpreter, himself considerably French:

“I went home and took a rubber pipe to
make the cleaning of the stomach and I
made a lavage of the stomach. After that
lav he appeared to be better. ‘The next
day 1 calle one more time, but I was tol!
that the sick person was better anid tnat
my visit was not asked for that day.” j

Che witness said that his first impressioy
was that the trou ble was ptomaine poisoning
He couldn't say whether it was really lauda-
num or not. He saw no symptoms of
alcoholic poisoning.

ENTER THE HYPOTHETICAL QUESTION.

After that they lined up the three experts
for the defence-—Drs. th Ely Jeilliie,
Charles G.- Wagner and Britton D. Evaus

; and gave them the oath. They took seats

behind the witness chair and Mr. 1 ittleton
started to fire at them his hypothetical jues-

tion.

They all looked wise and paid the closest
attention, quite as if they had no notion of
what was coming, although they had been
engaged in the preparation of that 15,40
word question for the last week or so.
Harry Thaw had a copy of in qpaatien
and appeared to follow the reading as
closely as anyeety else. Mr. Littleton
hadn't gone very far, however, when a
recess was ordered.

The reading of the hypothetical question
was resumed after recess. Mr. Littleton
made a faat job of it. It took him about
an near and a half to dispose of some 15,000
words.

The question embodied the testimony
of Mrs. William Thaw and other members
of the family regarding insanity in the Thaw
family. The Coreeaneny of the foreign doc-
tors and nurses at the morning session,
desorvbing Thaw’s manner as wild, staring
and manic-depressive, waa included. The
question covered the trip to Paris by Thaw
and Evelyn Nesbit and of his offer to marry
her and her refusal, winding up with her
explanation that she could not marry him
because of her relations with White. All
that Evelyn told Thaw about her relations
with White was retold, including her visit
to Hummel’s office.

Thaw's depression when he, got to his
mother’s home in Pittsburg alter his trip
to Europe and his recital to his mother
about wanting to marry Evelyn and of
her reasons for refusing to do so were in-
cluded and there was mention of Thaw’s
proposal that he and Evelyn Nesbit commit
suicide and of his wife's description of
how he tried to kill himeelf in Paris.

After Mr. Littleton had finished reading
the question there was @ recess because
District Attorney Jerome was before the
Grand Jury. Mr. Jerome was still before
the Grand Jury when court reconvened,
but Dr, Wagner was called to the stand.
He said that it was his opinion that Thaw
was of unsound mind when he examined
him in the Tombs. It was his belief, also,
that, assuming that the statements in the
hypothetical question were correct, Thaw
was of unsound mind on the night he killed
White and that he did not know the nature
and ——. of his act and that it was wrong,
that being the legal definition of insanity.

Dr. Wagner went into a rather long defl-
nition of manic depressive insanity. ‘Sum-
marized it waa 7 excitement and me!-
ancholia, one or the other or both. The
oneness were ome — Cape wee -
gene way of te when they mig
recur, He Tseoribed eotne of the acta of
Thaw, such as attempting suicide, not
finishing letters and making frequent tele-
phone calls, as those of a man suffering from
manic depressive i ty.

COURT QUESTIONS DR. 7AGNER.
Justice Dowling seemed to be much in-

“Did vou say at the last trial in anawer
to a question from me that you did not know
whet form of insanity ‘Thaw was laboring

under wher he shot White?” he asked

“L did,” ssid the witness

“That is all,” acid Mr, Jerome

But the hypowe ducal Quesiion was noi
he same, Dr. Jelliffe inaisied to Mr. Lirtle-
‘on. There was a good dea! tha’ was new
im it, ineluding the reference to hereditary
insanity and the evidences ebhout Thew's }

! ections abroad and his atremn. ot suicide

“And without thai evidenc vou swore
tha: the defendant wee of vaesound mind
when he shot Stanford White?” said Mr.
Jerome,

“I did,” said the witness

“That is all,” aaid Mr. Jerome.

Dr. Wagner was the Inet to be cross-
examined, The first thing Mr. Jerome
sprang on him was an affidavit he made |
on the application made by Mr. Jecone
for the appointment of a lunuey | om nis-
sion. The affidavit was made for th: de-
fence iu opposition to the murtion ana gave
in detail conversations Dr. Wagner had

with Thaw while Jamea Clinch Smith was
on the stand. The affidavit was made for
the purpose of showing that Thaw knew
what was going on and was able to advise
with his counsel.

One statement Thaw made wae that
Smith was wrong when he aaid that Thaw
told him he bought only three tickets for
the show that night. He told him he bought
four and gave one to Cap.. Wharton. Mr.
Littleton made a vigorous objection to
the admission of this testimony. He fought
hard, principally on the ground that it was
sommening Thaw to give evidence against
himaelf, but Justice Dowling let it in.

Thaw said also that he did not know
that Smith was a brother-in-law of White;
he thought he was sone relative with whom
White had had trouble. According to the
affidavit Thaw said alsa» that he told Smith
it was hia custom when the play was dull
to walk around and look at the audience.

“And did not Thaw say to you,” said
Mr. Jerome very sommaly. “that it was not
true that he had been looking at White?
Didn't he say that he didn’t see White until
he was leaving the Garden, when he was
attracted by a noise on the stage—a duel

' gether with the Louisvilie members, Rep- |

|
|

|

scene—and then his eyes fell upon the |

monster?” ae \
Dr. Wagner said that if it was in the
affidavit Thaw had said it. Mr. Jerome

asked Dr. Wagner if he had helped p

the hypothetical question and he ald he
had very little to do with it. Mr. Littleton
kept up a running fire of objections and
Mr. Jerome made a few tart replies.

“He's a nervous, exceedingly nervous
District Attorney,” said Mr.
who seemed to be a bit rattled.

“And did you notice,” said Mr. Jerome

|
|

Littleton, |

 

The Home Pattern Company.
manufacturers and distributors of
The Ladies’ Home Journal Pa:
wants to solicit ad
Pattern young man
familiar with the textile justry,
who more than average
ability, who feels that his pres-
i tion does aot — a
eno’ prospect. He must bea
worker, and must have ability that
would enable him gradually to take
charge of the advertising depart-
ment. Some practical experience as
a gasceattul oem ener
necessary. Previous advert: ex-
perience, while very desirable not
essential. Kindly apply LG letter
only, stating know of textile
trade, experience in selling, age.
position now occu and salary
expected. All applications will be
considered entirely confidential. Ad-
dress CONDE NAST, Home Pattern
Company, 615 West 43d «t., New
York C'ty.

   

DIDN'T ASK BRYAN TO QUIT

about] manio- | ¢4MPAU AND JONES TALKED RE-

PUBLICAN POLITICS,

They and Bryan Ciphered Out That Speaker
Cannon Was the Likeliest Bepubil-
can Nominee--Campau Believes That
Hearst Will Have to Support Bryan.

Daniel Campau, Democratic national
committeeman for Michigan, came over
from Washington yesterday and was at
the Hoffman House last night. It was
Mr. Campau, who with ex-Senator James
K. Jones of Arkansas, Democratic national
chairman in 1896 and 1900, called on William
J. Bryan at the New Willard on Sunday,
on which occasion it has been alleged that
Mr. Jones requested, even demanded,
of Bryan that he retire as a Democratic
Presidential possibility. Mr. Campau gave
this version of the call last night:

“I accompanied Senator Jones to Mr.
Bryan's room and we were together there
most of the afternoon. No man in the
room, Mr. Bryan, Mr. Jones or myself,
discussed Democratic politics, and I am
sure that at no time did Mr. Jones request
or demand of Mr. Bryan that he retire.
1 am certain about this. We
Republican politics, the probable candidate
of the Republican party, and not a word
was said about Bryan retiring. He is to
be the candidate of the Democratic party
for President, and of that there is no pos-
sible doubt. When I read some of the
afternoon papers to-day I| called up Senator
Jones over the long distance telephone
and asked if he had had a second interview
with Mr. Bryan and had made any request
or demand such as was printed this after-
noon of Mr. Bryan. Senator Jones replied
that he hadn't seen Mr. Bryan a second
time and that there was no truth in the
reports.”

“Well, who's to be the Democratic candi-
date for Vice-President?” Mr. Campau was
asked.

“I rather think,” replied Mr. Campau,
“that Lieut.-Gov. Chanler of New York
could have the nomination if he desired it.
We must carry New York State in order
to win, you know.”

“Who did Mr. Bryan, Mr. Jones and
yourself decide was to be the Republican
candidate for President?” Mr. Campau
was asked.

“Well,” replied Mr. Campau, “we rather
thought that Speaker Cannon stood the
best chance. From the situation in Ohio
and in New York State Speaker Cannon,
in our judgment, seems to be the more
logical! candidate for the Republicans to
nominate. Of course, we would like to
aee the Republicans nominate Gov. Hughes.”

“Why?”

“You see,” answered Mr. Campau, “with
the present temper of the people aroused
againat the railroads, it would be a very
easy matter for the Democratic party
to put Hughes op the shelf because of his
veto of the two cent fare bill.”

“What is Mr. Hearst's position in the
Democratic party?”

“Many 'believe,” replied Mr. Campau,
“that Mr. Hearst is training his Indepen-
dence League to aucceed the Democratic
party. The Independence Leagne is to
have a meeting in Chicago on February
22 to elect a national committee. 1 believe
that Mr. Hearst will support Mr. Bryan,

 

| because he could not successfully appeal |

to the Democrats to support the Inde-
pendence League in the movement to
supplant the Democratic party if he did
Hot support the regular candidate for
President of the Democratic party. We
hove all heard that many Democrats would
iike to have Mr. Hearst nominate? for the
Vice-Presidency, but I do not. believe that
Mr. Hearst would take that place.”

NO HOPE FOR BECKHAM.

New Combine to Make John R. Allen U.S.
Senator From Kentucky.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 27.—It became
known here to-night that a conference was
held on Sunday in Louisville between the
Beckham and anti-Beckham members of

the Legislature and that a compromise
has been agreed upon by which John R.

Allen of Lexington is to be made United |

States Senator to succeed James B.
McCreary.

The Beckham people, or at least a num-
her of them, have given up hope, and others
have never intended that Beckham should

be elected with their votes, and these, to-

resentative McKnight and Senator Camp-
bell, and the Republican members, or a
number of them, have agreed to vote for
Allen the minute they find he can come
near the winning line.

Former Governor Bradley, the Repub-
lican candidate, is said to have agreed to
the scheme. Leaders of the movement
among the Beckham men are Renresen-
tative Klaire of Lexington and Senator
Renaker of Cynthiana. One man who pre-
fesses to be on the inside thinks the surprise
will be sprung to-morrow.

The Weather,

A northwestern storm which had Its centre over
the u r Lake regions on Sunday was central
over the middie St, Lawrence Valley yesterday
morning, with snow falling In the Lake regions, the
upper Ohlo Valley and western New York and
Pennsylvania and rain or snow in New England.
Rain fell In the early monrning on the middle
Atlantic coast.

High west and southwest winds prevatied along
the middle Atlantic and New England coasts,

The only storm formation approaching was

 

to the witness, “that no part of James Clinch | central north of North Dakota and was causing

Smith’s testimony is in this hypothetical
question?”
THE DEFENCE RESTS.

After a bit of quibbling Dr. Wagner said
he had noticed it. There were a few more
questions and Mr. Littleton said:

“The defence rests, unless there may be
one or two witnesses who have been over-
looked.”

Mr. Jerome had completed the croas-
examination of three experts in an hour,
quite a difference from the first trial, when
it took days.

Mr. — made his motion for the tak-
ing of Hummel's testimony, unless the de-
fence would consent to it being read from
the last trial. He said he had been in-
fort that Hummel was very sick and
could not be brought to the trial room.
Hummel's testimony is wanted on the affi-
davit which Evelyn Nesbit is said to have
made in his office acevising Thaw after she
had been in Europe with him.

Mr. Littleton would not consent to Hum-
mel’s testimony being read. He said that
Mr. Jerome would not agree to the same
proposition on the testimony of Dr. Binga-
man of Pitisburg, who is sick, and Lawyer
John B. Gleason, both reputable men.

“This man was convicted of subornation
of perjury by the District Attorney,™ said
ad Jittleton, “and he is unworthy of be-

ief.

He didn't get beyond that, however,
as Justice Dowling said that had nothing
to do with it. He said he would uire
from the District Attorney an affidavit
that Hummel was ill and then the visit
would be paid to Hummel. Justice Dowlin
seemed to think that there was no need
it, but Mr. Littleton etuck to his gunsnot
to have Hunimel’s testimony read F

 

ow ee

very Httle disturbance,

AVarmer weather covered Montana, Minnesota
and the Dakotas as well as the entire Atiantic
coast, From the Lake regions south to the Guif
and In the Mississippi Valley.1t was colder, Zero
and below were recorded im the northern Lake
districts and northern Minnesota. Duluth had
12 degrees below,

In this city the day was fair and warmer ia the
morning, growing colder; wind, brisk to high
westerly: average humidity, 52 percent,; barometer,
corrected to read to sea level, at 8 A, M., 2.27;
3 P. M.; 20.45.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, is shown In the annexed table:

1995. 1907 | 1906. 1907,
CA. M....... 16° 6P.M.,..%, 31° 2°
| |) eer Sat Os Whos cove. 20°
ab. M. 32° 29°12 Mid.. 23° is’

Highest temperature, 4°, at 3 P. M.
WASHINGTON FORBCAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.

For eastern New York, fatr to day; snow tn north-
ern and mow or rain in southern portion to-morrow;
fresh winds. becoming southerly.

For New England, fair to-day, colder in Maine;
snow or rain, to-morrow tn southern and snow in
northern portion, except fair in eastern Maine,
diminishing westerly winds, becoming variabie.

For eastern Pennsylvania, increasing cloudiness
to-day with snow or rain at night and to-morrow ;
fresbh,variable winds, becoming southerly.

For New Jersey and Delaware, fair to-day; rain
or snow to-morrow; fresh winds, becoming south-
erty.

For Maryland and Virginia, fair to-day and
warmer in western portions; rain or snow te -mor-
row; light to fresh winds, becoming southerly.

Por the District of Columbia, fair to-day; rails or
gow to-morrow; light to fresh winds, becomiag

For western New York, cloudy to-day, snow
along the Lakes and warmer in western portion;
snow to-morrow: fresh te brisk variable winds,
Decoming svuth weaterty,

DINNER IN HONOR OF BRYAN
SENATOR NEWLANDS GIVES IT AT
HIS COUNTRY HOME.

 

 

Wit Give Anether Dinner To-night in
Bryan’s Honor—Several Democratic
Senators Were Anxious to Tell Bryan
te Retire, but Lacked the Nerve.

WASHINOTON, Jan. 27.—While two Great
Dane dogs guarded the entrances to Senator
Francis G. Newlands’s beautiful country
home on Woodley lane to-night, Mr. New-
lands entertained at dinner in honor of

} William Jennings Bryan. The guests
present were former Attorney-General
Judson Harmon of Cincinnati and fourteen
of M® Newlands's Democratic colleagues

| in the Senate. To-morrow night Mr.

| Newlands will entertain at dinner again
‘n honor of Mr. Bryan and the gueste will
be all the rest of the Democratic Senators
with the exception of Mr. Teller of Colorado,
who declined on the ground that he doesn't
go to evening functions.

To-night’s dinner, as to-morrow's will
be, was .an alphabetical affair. Mr. New-
lands took the list of the thirty Democratic
Senators, omitting his own name, and asked
the first fifteen to sit at his board this even-
ing and the other fifteen to come to-morrow.
Senator Bailey of Texas was the only man
of the first fifteen who declined the invi-
tation. He would not say to-day why
he had declined.

Senator Daniel of Virginia told Mr. New-
lands that he wowd not attend the dinner
if it was to have any political significance

and Mr. Newlands assured Him that it
would not. Those present to-night were
Senators Bacon, Bankhead, Bryan, Clarke,
Clay, Daniel, Davis (Jeff), Foster, Frazier,
Gore, Johnston, Latimer and McCreary.
To-morrow’s dinner guest list will begin with
Senator McEnery and end with Senator
Whyte.

There was much talk about the Bryan
dinners around the sence to-day and in
spite of Mr. Newlands's assurance to Mr.
Daniel there was a strong suspicion that

*| Mr. Newlands would be unable to prevent
the affair from taking a political turn.
According to a report Senator Clay of
Georgia went to the dinner pre for
any emergency, “which meant that if the
question of Mr. Bryan's availability for
another nomination for the Présidency

E broached Mr. Clay would say some
things in a firm but friendly way to indicate
that he thought Mr. Bryan should retire
from the race in favor cf some other promi-
nent Democrat, who would have a better
chance of election.

| Several of the Southern Democratic

Senators have been extremely anxious to

say to Mr. Bryan that he ought to let some-
body else have the Presidential nomination
| this year. These Senators had talked the

' thing over among themselves and were
lanning to bring the onggenen to Mr.

ryan’s attention during his present visit
to Washington, but when the time came for
action they lacked the necessary nerve to
carry out the idea.

it was understood among them that
Senator Clay contemplated giving out an

| interview for Mr. Bryan's especial benefit,

 

in which he would furnish reasons why

Mr. Bryan should withdraw his name from
! consideration as a candidate, but Senator
| Olay was persuaded that this would be in-

judicious, and #0 the plan to have Mr. Bryan
| realize that leaders in the Democratic
party believed that the good of the party
| demanded the nomination of another man
| fell by the wayside.
| Mr. Bryan said to-day that since he had
\ been in Washington nobody had suggested
' to him that he decline to run for President
| again. He smiled when he saidit. He did
not see William F. Sheehan of New York
or ex-Senator James Smith of New Jersey,
whose visit here was supposed to be for
fa purpose of advising Mr. Bryan to with-

raw.

In the course of several hours spent at
the Capitol to-day Mr. Bryan saw many
Democrats and_a considerable number of
Republicans. He n.ade his headquarters

 

|
(
|

; in the Ways and Means Commitiee room on |

the House side.

Mr. Bryan went to the press gallery and
for a time watched the proveedings of the
House, where Representative Fowler wos
undergoing a hazing by members because
he wanted to obtain time in which to ex-
pound his ideas on his financial bill.

“Mr. Fowle-'s experience,” said Mr.
Bryan, “reminds me of the man who started
to get over a fence into a lot in which there
was a ferocious buli. The idea struck him
that it would be funny if he could get the
bull by the tail aad throw him over the
fence, The thought appealed to the man
| 80 hu norously that he sat down and for half
an hour he laughed as hard as he could.
Finally he subdued his mirth and climbed
| oves the fence. Some tims afterward;
when he came to, he arouse himself ana
said ‘Gee, but it was a good thing that 1
had my laugh first.” Peraaps,” said Mr.
| Bryan, “it may be a good thing that those

members who are poking fun at Mr. Fowle-
| are having tueir laugh first.”

Discussing financial legislation Mr. Bryan

iat

| “For lack of public confidence the best
| remedy is insurance of bank deposits and
| I have urged upon the various States and
Congress the sage of some measures
| similar to the law adopted by Oklahoma.
This provides for the creation of a guaranty
fund by assesaments on banks in propor-
tion to their deposits and authorizes the
banking board to make such assessments
from timo to time as may be necessary to
restore the guaranty fund when it has been

| fusing 1 t
; Questions. one do not involve you crim-
u

|
|

 

lowered by ro of money to deposi- |
ie

'

|

}

|

!

|

!

| tors of failed banks. This permite the re-
sources of all the banks to be the resources
of each bank and insures each depositor
against loss. The Oklahoma statute per-
mits national banks to take advantage of

| the State law and a national law should
permit State banks to come in under the

| provisions of that law in States which Mave
no guaranty avatem.”

| It was midnight before Senator New-

| landa’s guests left his house. After the

| dinner the party adjourned to the drawing

| room, where there was a genera) discussion

; of tic and Republican policies,

| Mr. Newlands taking a leading part. Mr.

Bryan had very little to say, confining his

conversation mostly to egress to the

sentiments expressed by others présent.
While the idea of suggesting to Mr. Bryan

that he withdraw from the Presidential

contest was in the minds of a majority of

those present, nobody had the courage to

broach the subject, and the discussion ended

without incident. It was apparent that the

movement among Southern Senators to

have Mr. Bryan withdraw died then and

there.

M’CARREN’S FOES ACTIVE,

 

A Grand Assault on the Breoklyn Senator
Planned for the March Primartes.

The foes of Senator P. H. MoCarren in
Brooklyn apparently are going to make
another attempt at the March primaries to
weaken his leadership in the Democratic
organization. .They have no expectation
whatever in winning out in the eral
fight, but hope that by dofeating his fol-
lowers in a few Assembly districta they can
seriously discredit bis ar and pos-
aibly have his delegation ousted from the

|
|
|

 

James Shevlin, who is the recognized
chief of the anti-MoCarrenites, has been
holding confabs daily with the leading
opponents of the Senator, and it was an-
nounced yesterday that all the hostile ele-
ments would combine in a general as-
sault on his political forces all along the
line at the coming primaries.

Michael J. Flaherty since his retirement
from his snug o' | job as Sheriff at the
beginning of the year has been devoting
himself mainly to working up anti-McUar-
ren sentiment, and there was a rumor
among his followers yesterday that he had
received powertul sup-
port of Charles F. Murphy in the crusade
against the Brooklyn Senator. Bird 8s.
Coler, President of the borough, is of course
another big gun in the anj-McCarren
camp.

assurances of the

 

FO CURE A’ ”
Take LAXATIVE BROMO Quinlos Vamos,
Te’ money falls

VES" signature is oo each boa.

 

|

 

 

 

|
|

 

+

, CHEAP, EFFECTIVE, PALATABLE.

| APENTA

HUNGARIAN NATURAL PURGATIVE WATER,

y
BERMEL AND A PARK SCANDAL

QUEENS GRAND JURY MAY CON
NECT THE TWO.

Borough President's Name Officially Men-
tioned i the Kissena Investigation—
An @bdurate Witgess Is Directed by the
Court to Answer questions About Him.

For the first time since the scandal arising
from the sale of eighty-seven acres of
swamp land known as Kissena Park to the
city for more than $500,000 became public
the name of Joseph Bermel, President
of the Borough of Queens, was officially
brought into the investigation yesterday
when Deputy Attorney-General Nathan
Vidaver appeared before Justice Garretson
in the Flushing Supreme Court. George
Motz, a notary public and in the employ
of the Welz-Zerweck Brewing Company
of 1562 Myrtle avenue, Brooklyn, had re-
fused to answer questions put to him be-
fore the Grand Jury now sitting in Long
Island City and Mr. Vidaver had him sum
moned before the court.

Vidaver was accompanied by Detective
Sergeant George Wheeler, attached to
the office of the District Attorney of Queens
county, while Motz insisted in taking along
his counsel, Congressman William Willet,
Jr., of Far Rockaway. Following a fow
minutes conference between Mr. Vidaver
and the Justice in chambers Justice Garret- .
son took his seat in court Mr. Vidaver made |
known his mission. He began by saying:

“I have been assigned by the Attorney
General as a special deputy to conduct
the investigation now going on before
the Queens county Grand Jury in relation
to the sale of a plot of land in Flushing
known as Kissena Park. ‘

“To-day there is bein pregemeed to the
Grand Jury the case of the People of the
State of New York against Joseph Berme!.”

This announcement created a atir in the
crowded court room, the public ocouplin
of President Bermel's name with the scan:
taking everybody by surprise. Continuing,
Mr. Vidaver said that George Motz, a
witness before the Grand Jury, had acted
in “contumacious manner,” declining to
answer questions put to him.

“He was asked concerning two mo
issued by Joseph Bermel to which he (Motz)
is all i to have appended his signature in
his official ey. Furthermore, Mr.
Vidaver said, Motz had declined to accom-
pany him to court uni he could bring
along Congressman Willett aa his counsel.

“Motz ia not charged with any crime,”
continued Mr. Vidaver, “and has no right
to be represented by counsel. The people
should know that justice cannot be inter-
fered with in this way, and lask your Honor
therefore to have Mr. Motz fined for con-
tempt of court or severely punished.”

When Motz got up in answer to his name
Congressman Willett attempted to accom-
pany him to a place in front of the Justice,
and the latter said:

“It is not necessary for you to say any-
thing at this time. Mr. Motz is not entitled |
to counsei at this stage of the proceedings,
as he is not on trial.”

Reviewing Mr. Vidaver's statement, the
Court concluded his rernarksa by saying:

“Mr. Motz, you have taken an entirely |
indefensible and inexcusable position in re- |

|
|

 

ee —— eee.

 

to answer. You must answer the

inally. Your refusal to answer is inexcusa- |
ble contempt of court. Go back and anawer |
the questions or you may find yourself in |
the custody of the Sheriff.
After again refusing to allow Congressman |
Willett to make an argument the Justice |
directed Mr. Vidaver to have a transcript
made of Motz’s examination to be used in |
contempt proceedings should he still de- |
cline to answer. It was rumored in Queens |
tnat Motz continued obdurate before the j
Grand Jury after his return, but what the
outcome was could not be learned. Mr.
Vidaver remarked that he might find it
necessary to go before Justice Garretson |
again to-day. }
The trend of Mr. Vidaver's inquiry indi-
eates that he is pursuing a diferent line
from that followed by the two preceding
rrand juries and that he is trying to find out
if there was any division of the enormous |
profits of the sale to persons holding official |
positions. Lawyer George L. Glasser, who
said he received $66,000 in commissions from
the sale, but gave $26,000 of it to a man
named Dunham Cocksetter down in Florida
for investment, got hack from the South
yesterday, where it is said he went in search
of Cocksetter. President Bermel was one
of the party that went South with Glasser
at the time this alleged investment was
made, Through Motz the Grand Jury, it
is understood, are trying to determine the |
date on which a mortgage amounting to
about $8,000 was executed. This is one of |
the sums of money said to have been de-
posited by a Queens official and which is |
sagpenes to have been raised on a mortgage.
o-day’s hearing before the Grand Jury
promises to be very interesting. Current
rumor says that indict ments will be returned ,
sone day this week.

WOODRUFF FOR DELAY.

(a
Brooklyn Organization Not Likely te In-
dorse Hughes Formally. |

The next regular meeting of the Republi-
can nty committee in Brooklyn is not
due until well on in April, and there is no
intention on the part§of Timothy L. Wood-
ruff, the State chairman and county leader,
to have a special one called for the purpose
of indorsing Gov. Hughes for the Presi-
dency.

Mr. Woodruff remarked yesterday that he
saw no reason for baving a special meeting
called, inasmuch as there was no resolution
fadorsing Gov. Hughes's candi pending
before the county committee as there =. in

r.

|
|
|
|
|
New York county. Aocording to
Woodruff the proper time and place for set- |
tling such questions is at the March pri- |
maries.

A special meeting of the county com- |
roittee can be called at any time by a petition |
of a certain number of the delegates, but the |
supporters of Gov. Hughes are not likely to |
adopt this plan, their purpose being for the |
present to avoid any direct clash with the |
or zation managers. {

district leader who is strongly o
to Gov. Hughes intimated last it that in
case as 1 meeting was called by tion
it very likely would prove a fizzle ¢ gh
the absence of a quorum.

“If the Hughes boomers,” he said, “try to
force our hand in this way there will not be
ee delegates present to transact any |

usiness.

JOHNSON NOT A CANDIDATE,

But He Has Not Said Specifically That Ho
Would Not Ran Against Bryan.

Sr. Pavu, Jan, 27.—Former Lieutenant-
Governcr Frank A. Day, Gov. John A,
Johnson's private secretary, as a result of
faquiviee said to-night that Gov. Johnson

n

ob yun against Willams denoinge Bryan
not run agai lend

for the nomination for President and that
the Goveror thinks he has covered the
ground when Be aased Somme tne age
simply that he was not a candidate for the
nomination.

 

 

 

 

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.
Advertisements for Tas Sow and Tas Evanive
Suw may beleft atany American District Messenger
ofice in ihe chy.

 

*

DR. LOUIS WITH REPETTI.

Doctor Louis, who has been General Manager of
Hudnut’s High Class Pharmacy and eb re one
at926 (Broadway for the past ten years, has resigned
to accept a position as General Manager of Re
petti'’s candy stores.

Doctor Louls ta a practical as well as a scientific
man, and is conceded to be the best expert on
fruits syrups and fountain drinks in America; he
bas made it a life study.

 

Doctor Louls will give his entire attention to the
management of Repetti's stores and to the prep
aration of tce-cream syrups and fountain drinks.

Repetti's thousands of patrons will be pleased
to learn that Repetti’s hot chocolate and fountain
drinks will be made the best [n the world,

Doctor Louls made a great reputation for himeel!
while in the employ of Mr. Hudnut, and we speak
for the Doctor's great success and congratulaie
Repett! upon obtaining his services.

{

| CELEBRATED

'CARAMELS

The confection of purity, richness and quality
| that made Repetti famous,

The Name on Every Caramel.

169 Broadway
Broadway & 424 St. 431 Fifth Ave.
46 W. A2bth St. 328 Colambas Ave.
and all icading druggists.

Telephone and Mall Orders promptly filled |
and shipped to any address,

 

 

 

 

Park &Tilford |

Announce special sale

AT REDUCED
PRICES

of their Teas in packages

¥% |b., 18c. and upwards
1 Ib., 30c. and upwards

 

Displays in all our stores,
Delivenes made out of town,

 

HUGHES CONFERENCE IN UTICA,

Plans Made to Push His Candidacy in Onelda
County.

Urica, Jan. 27.-There was a conference
in this city this afternoon of Oneida county
Republicans who are active in pushing
the candidacy hereabouts of Gov. Hughes
for President. Assemblyman Merwin K.
Hart of the Hughes State League called
the conference of three prominent Republi-
cans from each Assembly district, and the
conference, in acoord with the plana of the
league, appointed a representative in each
Assembly district to supervise the pushing
of the Governor's candidacy. Assembly-

' man Hart was named as the representa-

tive in the Firat district, County Treasurer
Henry W. Roberts of Clinton in the Second
district and the Hon, John C. Evans of Rome
in the Third district.

The conference was independent of the
Hughes League which was formed in
Oneida county a few weeks ago, with
Timothy Curtin as president, but it is under-
stcod that steps will be taken to consolidate
the organization formed by Mr. Curtin
and his friends and the one to be develo
along lines mapped out by the H
State League.

BABY GIRL CRIED
AND SCRATCHED

All the Time—Torturing Eczema
Covered Her Bod Id Not
Sleep—Doctor Said Sores Would
Last for Years—Skin Now Clear.

CURED IN THREE MONTHS
BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

“T take great pleasure in telling you
what a great belp it was for me to use
Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment
for my baby niece, She was sufferin
from that terrible torture, eczema, I
was all over her body but the worst was
on her face and hands. Her hands were
ao bad that she could not hold anything.
Bhe cried and scratched all the time and
could not sleep night or day from the
scratching. had her under the, doc-
tor’s care for a year and a half and he
seemed to do her no - I took ber
to the best doctor in the city and he said
that she would have the sores until she
was six years old. But if I had de-
panes on the doctor my baby would

ve lost her mind and died from the
want of aid.

“T used all the remedies that every-
body told me about and I tortured the
child almost to death. Then I saw in
the paper how Cuticura was the thin
for irritating skin. bathed her wit
warm water and Cuticura Soap and used
the Cuticura Ointment. She was cured
in three months. Now her skin is as
clear and smooth as it could be. I shall
recommend the use of Cuticura wherever

see the skin in bad condition. Alice

Dowell, 4769 Easton Ave., St. Louis,
Mo., May 2 and 20, 1907.”

GROWS HAIR

Cuticura Removes Dandruff and
: Soothes Itching Scalps.

* ‘Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap,
and light dressings with Cuticura, pre-
vent dry, thin, and falling hair, remove
ay RR. YO
) B00 .
=, air follicles.

 

 

 

 

eurfaces, stimulate the h
ae scalp skin, supply the roots

en and nourishment
the “hai :

make r grow upon a

wholesome, Ley wl scalp when
other

treatment f