‘ON TUBERCULOSIS

THE WAR
BIG MEE TING IN ALBANY IN 6UP-
PORT OF THE CAMPAJEN.

ne ee

-loseph H. Choate Presidds and iatroduers
Gov, Baghes, Who Praises the Efforts

|

AHA! A BLACK HAND DEN.

First Avenue Hele In the Ground Guarded
; by Discriminating Dogs.

If some one hasn't been stringing Capt.
Burns and bis sleuthe of the East Thirty-
fifth @treet station with tales of Black
Hand headquarters in a First avenue
collay, where dynamite outrages are hatched

 

to Stamp Out the Great White Plasue under the protection of two savage Creat

Approving Letter Frem the President.
Aunaby dts 4?=-A big meeting in eup-
port of the campaign comducted by the
State Charities Aid Association in -
tion with the State Department of Health
to cheok--the inronds being made among
the working classes by tuberculosis was
held in Harmanue Bleecker Hall to-night.
Gov. Hughes, Joseph A. Choate, leaders
of the Legiaiature aad officers of each of

|

Dane dogs, they are in a fair way to create
2 tir in Italian criminal circles very soon.
The police say their tip came from one of
the ity Police Commissioners, and for
that reason is considered pretty hot.
The news came out yesterday in the
Yorkville court when Capt. Burne’s men
the bartender in Angelo Gerova’s
Place at 695 First avenue for an excise
violation on Sunday. Detective Murpby
told Magistrate Finn that when he an‘

the public and private organizations en- |» half dozen other policemen raided t'e
gaged In the work made addresess and @ oe th-v found 12% men in the room wh>

national color was given to the oocasion by
the presence of Prof. Welch af Baltimore,

er «Sh wy the - getieral movement

throughout the country.and of the coming
congress op tuberculosis fn Washington
nest fall, at° which forty-six nations will
be repressnted. New York, it has been
Jeeided, will send @ distinguished dele-
gation to this congress.

Before ageembling for tonight's meeting
the arge a.dience had opportunity to view
the tu oath exhibit of the Stat» De-
partment of Hea.th and the maps and
statistics prepared By! the in\ estigators of
the State Charities Aid Association, show-
ing the alarming cénditions-foznd in the
cities already examined—Utica, Rome,
Troy and Al@ifiy—here permanent reef
has been given.

To-ni tieetin® gave a big impetus
to the local and State campaign against
tubero.losig: “The State Medical Society,
whioh cony.epes hese this week attended
practically’ in a bedy. Incident to the
meeting was a conference of the members
of the ad . beatd-of the p biic and
private organizations at work in the State.
As @ rea..lg some form of legislation wil: be
asked to sec re a more ectiv organized
system of evamining and resistering cas 4
of tuberculosis

bx-Attorney-Genera] Simon W. Rosendale
of this city called to-night’s meeting to
order and after prayer by the Right Rev
Bishop Th M. 4. Burke, Catholic
eee om. , infroduced Mr. Choate,
presi of Fie, Sapse har tiiee Aid Asso-
— and chairman the meeting. He
said:

gooir
| The rolice sunriied the add
formation

The death rate from this particular cause, |

tuberculosis, in the last twenty vears in the
city of New York. hes diminished something
like 60 per cet. ~ Very great efforts have been
made there. All possible expedients have
heen resorted to, and, above all, vicious crime
has been very taggely. suppressed. You can
ride from the Battery’ t6 Kingsbridge in the
car of any line and won't be offended or tn
danger by that habitofepiriing. | think the
reform that has taken place in the «ity of New
York in that one respect will extend, If it has
not already extended, thré:eho it thle sta +
Consumption is contributing largely to
filing up our State charuabie ipst tutiens.
What family is there in this State that has
not sooner or later suffered from the rav-
ages of thia fell disease? Now we have
waked to the fact which up to twenty-five
years ago-' trardiy: suspected--that it is a
disease that in a very considerable measure
is curable and [h a stil] greater measure is
preventable. And it is for the purpose of
awakeni'g the attention: ‘of the people of
this region t the dangers that surround
them in pasticuias to the means by which

ite ravages thay be preveiited. and for still
more important means to the individual
when an individual is attacked, that he

may be assured that the State Charities Aid

Association has thought it worth while to | iy ner Chestnut Hill home. for 1 know of no |

make inquiries’ lt Waé to gather great authori-

|

Pp omptly disappeared through a trap door

ux@ so many rate. Mur by confilea to

the Court that there was a subterranean

room under the ealoon which would be a

for ders to hang out.

Ga ataks than Anauie Sevens

; ‘rove

owns the double tenement house at 405

and 097 First avenue and occupies {the

round floor of 697 as a bank aay
inderrrouad

that the trandoor in the saloon leads to an
| room which communi

room under the bank, which t

rect ie a secret meeting rt lace

aay that this room is by two Great

Danes whioh are reacy to eat up the first

roliceman that tries to enter. Any che nob
re nally known to the dogs can’t get into

ie room,
evemes to be good for the
statement of the police that Gerova’s plave

u :
with the

is the hangout of a lot of Italians who don't
do much work, several of whom have been
in trouble very recently. One of them is

Carusato, who was shot in
arm by Policeman McCarthy of the East
Thirty -Aith street station on the roof of

z

718 Firat avenue on Sunday night.
Yesterday morning Paolo ¢ ero of |
605 First avenue walked into Nevue

 

Hospital with a bullet wound in the chest.
He said he waa shot at 690 First avenue at,|
6 o'clock on Sunday night but wouldn't tel
how it happened. |
“Iam keeping the place under close sur- |
veillance,” said Capt. Purrs last, night

NO CHANGE IN MRS. E®Ov'S LIFE. |
Goes Uriving From New Home as From
the O11 One,

Boston, Jan. 27.--Boston was taken
abaek when it ‘leirned” to-day that Mre
Mery Baker G. Eddy had auddenly taken
uy her residence in the nearby suburb

 

of Newton. Much gossin has been occa-
tioned by the secrecy which attended the
whole affair. Everyone wante to know
the whys and wherefores, but the only
anewer is that the Christixn Science leader

| had long contemplated riving up her Con- |

cord reside>ce in order to live nearer the

“Mother Church” in this city |
List night Alfred Poriow, head of the |

Christien Scie ce publicity bureau, said

, th t Mrs. Eddv’s new home was in Brook-

i ie.

tie8 Who Weld insiruct the people and to go .

~ Sromt gouaty 60
and, get- ont the necessary and proper
measures for Gghting this formidabie enemy

When Mr. Choate preseuted Gov. Hughes
there was an outburst of applause he
Governor spoke as follows:

‘What laetyers say about doctors may not,
4s Mr. Dooley says, be fit to repeat [laugh-
ter}, Dut I would say this, on the authority
of a distinguish expert, that what is most
needed in connection with the campaign
against tuberculosis is capacity for accurate
diagnosis and Aobttirdte diagnosis of the
disease in its varliest stages. (Applause.
And while we as citizens of the State are
desirious that everything should be done

nty and from city to city |

_ As @ matter of fict it is just over
the line in the city of Newton, although it |
ia i the exclusive Chestnut Hill section. |
Mrs. Eddy took up to-day the routine of |
her d .ily life just asif she were at her home |
in Ple sant View
Although the rords were not Ideal, she |
took her usual d-ily drive, leaving her new
home shortly <fter 1 o'clock an driving |
over Beacon and Hammond streets.
The biack horses and black carriage
which have been familiar in Concord ar- |
rived at Chestnut Hiil at noon. In the |
earriage were Mra. Eddy, the coachman
and Calvin A. Frye, the ney
Mr. Farlow in a statement to-day said:
Mre. Eddy’s hosehold will consist of the
same personal attendants that she had at
Pleasant View They will be the only ones

contemplated addition

In regard to Dr. Morrill's presence on the
train with Mrs. Eddy yesterday I can ver
readily explain it. He is the second cousin |
of Mrs, Eddy, has been a constant visitor |
to her at Pleasant View, a friend of years |

| standing and accompanied her yesterday

|

as 4 relative and interested party.

There waa no application of hot towels
made to Mrs. Eddy’s head on the train yes-
terdar

YALE NOT SIDING WITH TAFT. |

 

 

| Corporation Refuses to Allow Dining Hall

|

j
|

threvg@) peluate organization and through

the wise expenditure of public moneys, to
put a stop to this evil we have a right to call
upon those who have the opportunity of
expest training to provide special studies
ind courses of studias 4% «ce that the great
he hi of medicine will itself cope with

SAMene. ndt-with the later and incurable
stages, but by proper dlagrosis at rhe start,

 

phn -Whichsliavee6icalkeohemes for verraga-
tion and all echern for ptevention and
imo'ation of the disease murt depend

We nave got tu stiniulite our loca! offictals
‘9 an Q@ppreciatien of what is within their

power, particularty our focal bonrds of health.
Fath -@ -reat believer tr-local government,
armed 1d believe tf the citizens of each cum-
munity, Would atic around and insist upon the
onletgoment of taws in their community and
the requicement of just regulations, particu-
larly in regard (o the matter of public health,
we Caudd“have such an agreeable change in
the-obmplxion of our publio affairs that it
\ould see} as if we had entered upon a new

CFO." A, 2 27:
' Wher ft vores to the question of all the
State stipnid do apart from its equipment of

ite State"Commissioner of Health, with proper
feans td carry op Lis work of supervision,
Moonfess it présedits a very dificult questicr.
We have to-day in this State an important
ppitution -for jae treatment of incipient
pulyfonary tubersulosis, It is doing an ad-
wutebleqark. 2 thinkd mistake not in saying
that it appears: thet-of tHe incipient cases
vomething ovér 80. per cent, have been found
urable; 20 per cent..of the cases that are
properly defined and preeenes for treatment
in the early stages of the illness may be res-
cued.” We'tmay Took at this purely from a
Witintarie-wt int and think of the amount
of auffering, afd think of the sorrow that
oat vas the: horres of our people under
thle: ferttble acdurge Tf we look at it solely
from:da SGotomic staridpoint-we think of the
' Of prodnctive affictency,

TENS people of the State want to put a
stop to tubérculosis théy can insist upon it,
end their representatives will go to the full-
est extent of their authority: but so long as
the sentiment of the. State protests againat
any interference for the purpose of secur-
ing the. kaowledge OF the cases that is recjui-
site toproper regulations, obedience to neces-
sary cules apd everything that is essentia)
to the comprehensive effort for the purpose
of! wiping out this nlegue ¢o long we shal!
have forensic attempts pose 1 to a degree
nut nothing like that cénverted effort which
\# Decessary to put an end to it altogether.

In addition to the address by Gov. Hughés
there wer e short taiks by hieut.-Gov. Lewis
Stuyvesant Chanler, Speaker James W.
Eogeverth of the Assembly, Prof. William

4 Welch of Fotas Hopkins University and
Sresident of the board of trustees of the
Rockefeller Institute of Medical Research,
Senator Wiliam W. Armstrong, chairman
of tne Senare Finance Committee; Dr
Eugene H. Porter, State Commissioner of

th; Geohge 'F.. Canfield, chairman of
the Committee ‘on Prevention of Tuber-
oulosis; Homer Folks, secretary of the
State Charities Aid Association, and Martin
©» Mcclary, president of the board of
managers of the New York State Hospital
fer Incipiant Tuberenlosis,

Homer Folks received a letter from Presi-
dent Roosevelt in which he said

“Permit meus an oki friend anda member
of the assoelatinn, a former Governor of the
“tate and a very earnest sfinnathi er with
your practical work for social | etterment,
kg tender to the State ( harities Aid Assosia-
‘ton, through you, the assurance of my
mtorest, ayupathy and approval in the
‘ork ‘hey are uncariaking to organize local
«cre for tie vreventiun of taherculosis in
ne Stare t ew Yor'c nr New York
rite. Svea efort it_peoultarly necessary,
onl bononentiy hope for ite succes.”

|

|

|

 

 

De

to Be Used for Political Banquet.

New Haven, Jan. 27.~-The committee of |
the Young Men's Republican Club of this |
city, which appealed to the Yale officials
for the use of the big Yale dining hall
for a banquet on Lincoln's Birthday next
month, when Secretary Taft is to be the
guest of the club and the principal speaker,
was turned down. The committee never
for a moment thought the Yale authorities
would refuse the request, inasmuch as
Secretary Taft is a member of the Yale
Corporation. Secretary Stokes of the Yale
Corporation to-night made the following
statement:

“The Yale authorities were unwilling
to have the dining hall used for the banquet
because they are anxious that the university
shall not be in any way accused of taking
sides in a political contest. |

“Individual professors and other officers
have entire freedom of utterance and action
in political matters, but the universtty as |
@ university is not and cannot be an ad-
herent or supporter of any party or of any
candidate.

“If the university authorities should
allow the Yale dining hall, which up to the
present has been used exclusively for uni-
versity purposes, to be used by a prominent
local political club, no matter how high ite
standing, for a banquet which will be gen-
gary looked upon as given to a candidate
for the Presidential nomination they would
be immediately accused, especially when
the gentleman in question is an Renoved
graduate of the university and a member
of the corporation.”

 

| Gilbert mere

THE BANKERS DINE JOYOUSLY

 

with ite huge mase of loans it could vat pro-
vide for.

When there is a great strain upon a person
or an institution or a corporation it is the

DISSECT, THE MONEY PANIC AS | weak place that gives out first. In the panic

THEY FEAST.

 

. Some talked seriously of the
panic, others joked about it and all played
fellows as morrily as at any
previo.s ners. -

meat of the dinner speeches lay in
the lengthy review of the recent troubious
times by Alexander Gilbert, president «f

the Market and Fulton National Bank, and .
also president of the association; Patrick F. |

Murphy of the Mark Cross ( ompany, and
Dena R. Forgan, who gave Chicago's views
on the money status. President N. M.
Butler of Columbia University surprised
the bankers by deviating from the eubject
of the evening far enough to say that New
York State bad to rely upon Congressmen
from other States for ite voice in Congress
The epirit of jest with which the bankers
approached the eubject of their recent woes
was shown at the start in the souvenirs
which were placed at each plate. Upon
firat glane some of the more staid members
were forced to a hasty blush, but on ol
inspection they found only a harmless =
position stocking which a hand was fran-
tically gripping at the top while a golden
stream of ducats poured out of a leak at the
heel. The money hoarders were not present
at the banquet to take shame from the sym-

All of Wall Street save that portion
which huoses itself in the exchanges was
present to li.ten to the intimate discussion
of the dominant ic. With those who
the apeakers table wi
troller of Treasury ;J. Pierpont Morgan,
Stuyvesant Fish, John P. Knight, Dumont.
Clarke, George Baker, Major-General
Fred Dent Grant. Patriok # Murph . Will-
iam A. Nash, Charles H. Trent, award
Simmons, Sir Caspar Purdon Clarke, Rich-
ard Delafield. Clark Williams, State Bank
Superintendent: Vgjeptine P. Snyder, J. D.
Powers, Edward Townsend, the Kev. Dr.
Charles F. Aked and Comptroller Metz.

James R. Morse eat out at the tables
with the throng. Among others there were
Elliott McDougall. Augustus E. Kountz,
Jacob H. Herzog and Hamilton Fish.

When President Gilbert rose to open
the speech making he raised his glass.

“Gentlemen,” he said, “All your glasses
and drink the first toast of the evening
the President of the United States.”

Everybody rose and drank the
There was a painful silence until the or-
chestra caught the ident's eye and

unded out “The Star Spangled ner.”

he song wound ite length to an end and
still all of the bankers were silent. One by
one they took their seate uncertainly.

“Gentlemen,” said the toastmasier. and |

his lower lip pulled down in a hardly sup-
reased smile, “I thank you for that.
t was a magnificent expression

loyalty and it shows that the bankers of
New York have respect for the high office

of the Presidency.”

Then the sonstnunates propened the heaith
of the women who filled the gallery.
stantly every man was on his feet and the

cheers that had been suppressed jumped |

up to the boxes in heavy volume. Every-

body looked mightily relieved as ifat a duty |

done

Once again within a few moments the
cheering was . t was when Mr.
Gilbert referred to J. P. Bporgpa as an
“uncrowned king of finance.” Everybody
got to his feet, and Joseph M. Harriman
in the middle of the room started to wave
his napkin. All joined in, ang for several
seconds the bankers practised the Chautau-
qua salute with gusto. In the course of his
speech President Gilbert said:

\ year ago when | appeared belore you

; on g similar occasion I ineidentally remarked
| that we were living in an age of high build-
| ings and high finance.

I did not think that
time would so Yuickly give it proof? It is
interesting to note how unerringly the law
of compensation has worked during the last
twelve months in its upbuilding process and
its pulling down process, its levelling process
and effort to establish an equilibrium.

‘The speaker reviewed the prosperity
which had spread over the country prior
to the panic, then he dig: to correct
himself when he mentioned Wall Street
asa collective term. He said:

| won't say Wall Street, because I have
noticed quite recently that Wall Street takes
exception to being classed with the Siock
Exchange speculation. Wall Street repre-
sents the great banking institutions of the
country, and | caa say from experience that
there is no more conservative hody of men
to be found anywhere in the world inside
of Congress or out of it than the men who
represent the banking institutions of New
York,

Mr. Gilbert noted how the Stock Exchan
met the slump of 1906, when “unseen hands
were manipulating the etock market,”
then showed how, whea the loans put out
on the market began to be called abroad
and at home severe liquidation followed and
from last March persi until the banks
could not stand the atrain last October.
He added:

Understand me 1 do not say that this Stock
Exchange speculation or this Wall Street
speculation was the primary cause of the
panic. There is always a primary cause and
contributing causes. And besides this there
is the percipitating cause. The percipitat-
ing cause is the weak cause in an institution,
and the weak cause in this instance was the
Wall Street or Stock Exchange speculation,

—————— LLL ene

PENN

SYLVANIA RAILROAD

THE SOUTHWEST TRAIN—ST. LOUIS LIMITED.

It is a far cry from a trading post in 1764 to the commercial
metropolis of the great Southwest in 1908, but this in brief is

the history of St. Louis.

Three-quarters of a million of thrifty

people look out upon fhe traffic-laden waters of the Mississippi
where fourteen hundred saw only canoes and dugouts a century

ago.

The tribute of the Southwest from soil, mine and forest

has made the little French trading post a great city.

It is so great and its affiliation

s with the East are so strong that

one of the world’s best trains brings it in close touch with the At-
lantic Seaboard. The “St. Louis Limited,” running from New York

to St. Louis daily, is the direct and quick train to this section.

It

is a superb train, composed entirely of Pullman cars, affording all

the comforts and conveniences of
fare for superior service.
pleasure traveler, and its accom

runs into the same station at Sr.

hotel or club, without any extra

It is the train for the business man or

modations appeal to both. It
Louis which twenty-one other

railroads use, and thus makes easy connection for the cities and
resorts of the Southwest and Mexico.

The ‘St. Louis Limited” leaves New York every day at 1.55
P. M. and covers the one-thousand-mile run in twenty-seven and

a half hours.

Other well-equipped trains leave at 10.55 A. M., 1.55 and

6.25 P. M. with complete through

car service.

{
toaal. |

of |

In-

rr Ne So

of 1907 the weak spot was Wall Street-~!
meap the Stock Exchange with ite huge
mass of loans with those ruinous interest
rates. When the loans were too heavy it
had to give way.

My friends, all this would have happened
~let us be fair; as bankers of New York
always are—if President Roosevelt had never
been born.

“Weare told that we cannot have acredit
system of ourrency,” said Mr. Gilbert in
concluding. “We Lee told, however, that
we can have an emergency © based

} On raunicipal and State bonds. Now, if an
emergency currency is the only thing, let
} 4-7: wartniie y ourrency.
Do not ask us to buy bonds in time of panic.
Do not ask us to borrow $100 and spend it
with $75 worth of relief.”
When Dr. Butler was introduced he led
| up to the statement thaf New York of all
the great cities, and New York State, the
leader of the States, had to do their work
alone and unaided by those who were ex-
pected to give aid. He said:

Two years ago when Congress was en-
gaged in the task of formuiating a measure
for the regulation of rates, a measure of
Supreme interest to our community, what
contribution did New York make to the
discussion or ekicidation of the measure?
What voice in the Senate or House will be
raised in the present formulation of the
measure tor the reform of our currency?
What voice will speak for you unless by the
courtesy of the State of Maine or of West
Virginia?

We have our constitutional representatives
in the Senate and the House, but as a matter
of strict fact we are absolutely disfranchised
and voiceless. That is a bill payable that
this community issued in momenta of folly
and forgetfulness and it now has got to re-
deem it with interest. In there nobody who
can represent. the convictions of this com-
munity, that can refute the charge that it isa
community of sordid and crimina) men who
are scheming to get the better of their fellows?

David R. Forgan, president of the National
City Bank of Chi , responding to the
toast “Chicago's Views,” refer to the
defects in the banking system. He said:

The system which permits banks to count

a credit with their city correspondents as part
of their reaervea works all right in ordinary

weather or when the storm is confined to a '
That locality may then

particular locality.
draw upon its city credit and find it as avail-
| able as the reserves in its own vaults. But
j when the storm is big enough to scare the

 

country it naturally happens in one of the
centres and a general withdrawing of bal-
ances sets in from the country banks. This
may easily assuine proportions quite impos

sible for the city centres to meet At a time
when the centres need most of their reserves
to help them through some local trowble our
system creates an additional and qreater
difficulty in the sharp withdrawals by country
correspondents

4 panacea for financial troubles has been
proposed by Mr. Bryan, namely the Govern-
|} ment guarantee of all deposits in national
| hanks. This folly can be presented in fully
| as attractive colors asany of the old fallacies,
and Lam somewhat alarmed by it. Bankers,
|
|

1 suppose, will be charged with self-interest
in opposing it

The Rev. Dr. Aked, pastor of the Fifth
| Avenue Baptist Church, preached a little
sermon in the course of a speech he made
He warned the bankers that unless they
| ~“ heed to the church “their souls would
| shrivel up.”

HOCUS-POCUS, SAYS BARNES
Of the Ralsing of 8100 000 Guarantee to
Satisfy Minister Wu.

Thurlow Weed Barnes resumed the stand
for c:oss-examination yesterday before
} Justice Davis and a jury in Part XVIII.
| of the Supreme Court in his suit against
the Brice syndicate to recover $900,000
for services in obtaining ncessions from
the Chinese Governmeft through Wu

Ting-fang in 1898.

|
|
i
'

 

| The examination switched to the raising |
} of the $100,000 guarantee fund to insure |

| the performance of the contracts over

| which Minister Wu was so anxious that he
stayed in this city for twelve days during

the month of August, 1808
“It was all hocus-pocus from top to bot-

tom,” said Barnes. “It was jugglery,
it was robbery, and in that way | waa frozen

out.”

In testifying as to the “secret agree-
ment” as to other concessions Mr. Barnes
identified a letter written to him by A. W.
Bash on April 18, 1898, in which Bash wrote:
“I am inclined to think that you will have
j to grant a rebate of 1 per cent. to Cheng,

or even more if he presses for it, and then
we will have him in our power.” Cheng
was Imperial Director of Railways.

William Barclay Parsons, who was sent
by the Brice syndicate to China in the
autumn of 1805 and stayed there until early
summor of the next year, testified.

 

 

NEW NURSES’ TRAINING SCHOOL,

Jewish Hospital in Brooklyn te Establish
One for All Nationalities.

The managers of the Jewish Hospital at
Classon and St. Mark's avenues, Brooklyn,
have decided to establish a non-sectarian
training school for nurses in connection
with the institution. The training course
will be of two years duration under the
guidance of Mias Simonson, superintendent
of nurses, anda corps of well known physi-
cians and surgecns. An extended lecture
course has been planned. Pending the
erection of a training school and home for
nurses an apartment house near the
hospital has m rented for their use.
These have been elected officers of the
society of the training school: Edward C.
Blum, president; Edward Lazonsky, vice-

ident; Philip H. Lustig, treasurer, and
Eeeausl Newman, secretary. The di-
rectors are Abraham Abraham, Edward C.
Blum, Albert Behrend, Julius Bleimweis,
Arthur Davidsburg, Julius Bahiman, L. L.
Firuski, Samuel J. Flash, Alexander H.
Geismar, Mark Goodstein, Joseph J. @ross-
mann, Isaac L.. Leby, Isidore Isaacson,
Nathan 8. Jonas, Edward Lazonsky, Albert
L. Levi, Julius Levy: Simon Levy, Philip H.
Lustig, William Meruk, David Michel,
Emanuel Newman, Louis Newman, Frank
Pentlarge, Henry Roth, Nathan Schellen-
berg, Abraham Sterzelback, Julius Strauss,
Joseph J. Baker, Max Weber.

Already a large number of pupils of
different nationalitied and creede, have been
enrolled, some of the young women coming
from Canada.

WHOLE FAMILY BURNED.

Weight of Mourners for Dead Child Caused
Their House to Collapse.

Beprorp City, Va., Jan. 27.—Anthony
Franklin, colored, and seven members of
his family were burned to death last night
when his home collapsed and then caught
fire.

His daughter Eula had died and a watch
was being Meld aver her remains. The
house was a frai) two story structure, one
room above the other. All the family had
repaired to the upper room, where there
was a fire, leaving the oor alone.

It is presumed that they fell asleep when
their weight combined with the fierce wind
snes was blowing, caused the floor to col-

pee. ,

Gov. Haghes to Speak at National Guard
Banquet.

ALBANY, Jan. 27.—Gov. Hughes has
accepted an invitation to attend the annual
banquet of the National Guard Associa-
tion of the State, to be held at the Ten
Eyck Hotel in this city on Fepewary a
i Dhucr hgiinant berediors at

w Oliver, Ass t o
War. Judes L. E. Griffith of Troy, Senior
Mes kg ag, nena o y _
and Ca) na POR mt Pires ahs:
tery, New York city, who will talk on “A
New National Guard.”

Ph Ne / ly Ere el Ala ats Ati gpd Bayne rein lines Rican iene A Ra Vailas watts) 6 Mee MRA ay Pett ah hong te

ATTACK ON BUCKET SHOPS

BILL MAKING THEIR OPBRATION
A PENAL OFFENCE,

 

 

Proposed Investigation of State Banking
Department--Senater MeCarren Intro-
doces a Bill Which Would Permit San-
day Performances at Coney Island,

ALBANY, Jan. 27.—Senator Owen Cassidy.
who achieved fame as being the first Legia-
lator to introduce a bill repealing the Percy-
Gray betting law, has directed hia efforts to
stop gambling on the part of the public
in another direction. To-night he intro-
duced a bill which places among the viola-
tions of the Penal Code the maintaining of
bucket shops.

Several years ago Assemblyman Remsen
fathered a bill prohibiting bucket shops and
bucketing, and he had a scare one day,
for the bill came out of committee and was
on the second order calendar. It was
ordered to a third.reading, and when Assem-
blyman Remsen’s attention was called to
the fact he promptly had the action re-
seinded and the bill sent back to a com-
mittee for “hearing.” That was the last
heard of the bill .
| This year, though, several anti-bucket

shop billa have been introduced, and the

temper of the members of the Legislature
who play the market in this way has not
been friendly to the concerns, for as soon
as the market began to show signs of going
up the bucket shops went out of business
and would not permit their customers to
recoup their losses, Comptroller Glynn is
having trouble to compel the bucket shops
to pay the stamp tax and has had to inati-
tute proceedings to compel them to obey
the law in this reapect

A resolution providing for an investiga-
tion of the State Banking Department as
well as the methods employed to enforce
the banking laws was introduced to-night

by Assemblyman Palmer.

| Assemblyman Sheridan (Tammany) in- |

| troduced a resolution providing for the | to hire lawyers and lobbyists in Congress to change the penal laws go the real toughs
appointment of a committee to investigate | in the unions could commit acts of violence and not be punished.

' th

e charges that New York city is wasting
| the waters of the Croton watershed
Assemblyman Greenberg wants the
| State Superintendent of Insurance to
! inform the Assembly who has authorized

the insertion in the news of the
| advertisement of the New

| laws passed in 1996, and also who is ater.
‘ing the cost of the advertisement. e
| introduced a resolution to that effect.
| Assemblyman Stern introduced a resolu-
tion requiring the New York city Public
| Service Commission to investigate at once
| how many charters and franchises of the
public service corporations operating in

| that city are illegal and how many have
“ee.
Assemblyman Northrup introduced a

| resolution providing for a legislative com-
| mittee to investigate the question of the

ork Life In- ,

| Ce yritici - : ;
surance Company criticising the insurance | it won't hurt him.

classification of the salaries of the em- |

| ployees of the State institutions and to re-
por. whether the salaries shall be increased
ny the Legislature or a board of control to
be appointed for that purpose. ‘This was
one of the recommendations made in the

Governor's message to the Legislature.

All of these resolutions went over.
Senator Patrick McCarren, who is looked
upon asthe spokesman of Mayor George B
Moclellan in the Senate as well as ae the
Democratic leader of Kings county, int
duced a bill to-night which is

ro-
ed upon

as Leing of consideratle importance. ne |

enforcement of the lawe against Sunday
erformances will affect Coney Island not a

ittle and the Senator wants the code |

amended 80 as to
pleaeure resort. is bill amends the law
80 that it shall not prohibit performances
given for educational an

poses, private or cluy entertainments,

vou , instrumental concerts, lec- . 7 ;
Cans Coneetse, Saar ' foes of that orderly liberty without which our Republic must speedily perieh. The

tures: and addresses between 2 P. M. and
midnight Sunday.
A bill introduced by Senator McCall turns
| over to the New York City Board of Educa-
tioon as a site for a new high school the
block bounded by Ninetieth and Ninety-
firat streets and the East River, which was
secured by the city some years ago for a
municipal lighting plant. Senator McCall
said the territory to which the new
high school would be tributary, had but
one high shool, while there were forty-one
grammar schools, with 60,000 pupils. Now
residents of the Fast Side tenements have to
send children to the high schools on the

plied with such schools and the poor parents
of the children cannot afford car fare for
the trips across town.

Another billof Senator McCall fixes the
| speed of automobiles in first and second
class cities at fifteen miles an hour and
twenty miles an hour in other places in the

maries will be held in the same places as the
Republican primaries and will be presided
over by the Republican inspectors. Senator
Saxe introduced bills to effectually divorce
the administration of savings banks from
other financial institutions. One provides
that no officer of a savings bank shall be
an officer in another financial institution.
Another provides that not more than a
third of the trustees of savings banke shall
be directora of other financial institutions,

 

majority. Another bill permits ae
} banks to invest in New York city tax sale
liens.

Assemblyman, Warren I. Lee
has introduced the bill provi

 

 

Governor in his annual message,

; Assemblyman Gluck introduced bills
| providing for the licensing of moving
picture exhibitions in New York city; also,
amending the Penal Code so as to permit
Sunday theatrical performances in New
York city; also, doing away with turnstiles
on the Brooklyn elevated roads.

Dance halls in New York city are to be
licensed, a fee of $50 a year to be exacted
from the persons who conduct them, if a
bill introduced to-night by Assembl, n
Graubeaur becomes a law. The bill also
provides that the applicant for a license
shall show his moral character to be good.
Girls under the agerof 16 years, unless ac-
companied by parents, are not to be per-
mitted to visit such dance halls. The bill
also says that no person who conducts a
dance hall shall pores on the premises any

reon of bad character, prostitutes gam-

lers, intoxicated persons or procurers, and
a. ores halis shall not be open after
; il °
Assemblyman Graubaur says the bill is
| intended especially to affect an evil that is
growing in the tenement house districts in
New York city and he estimates that there
are 400 dance halla in New York city. The
officials now in charge of the inspection of
employment agencies are given super-
vision over dance halls.

 

 

 

A bill introduced by Assemblyman Sheri-
dan provides for an additional municipal
court Justice for the Bronx district of New
York city.

CAPITOL GRAFT TRIALS BEGUN.

Jury Completed to Hear Cases of Alleged
Pennsylvania State House Conspirators,
Hargissvro, Pa., Jan. 27.—The trial of

the first case growing out of the State

Capitol contracta was begun in the Dauphin

county court to-day. The case of Archi-

tect copegh M. Huston was separated from
that of the other four defendants.

Huston was the only one of the five de-
fendants who did not appear in court to-day,
except Shumaker, who is ill at his hotel.
The entire afternoon was devoted to we

ajury. Twelve men were secured before
half the panel of eighty men had been called
and when court adjourned for the da
everything was in readiness to
with the active trial of the first case to-
morrow.

| This is case No. 230, generally known as

an oP case,” being one of

irty cases charging conspiracy to cheat
and defraud the State. The case on trial
involves tables, sofas and clothes trees,
for which the State id $40,417.80, the
allegation being that $19,380.40 of this was
“graft.” It involves the goneral features of

e other Cases against the five defendants.

peated

West Side, which is more eaetuny sup- |

mnit the shows at that |

d charitable pur- |

re ee

' a

“Free Riot” Laws

ould pointed tough, bully, law-breaker and crimi-
nal oe os yen eee ofa eo Union and ruled tyrannically by the
leaders who are known. to be men of “violent tendencies” (as the Goldfield Com-
mittee reported)—whe make a business of stirring up trouble, strikes,

eting,

ction of and who stop rene

pos ee s, slugene ‘own union ee an wed Cale eall the leaders can assert
ctate rule?

Chote the with fat 7 sure salaries for the leaders and more or less poverty for

their working members. -
writer has a little money to spend in telling the public the workman's
sto _ a (there hundred thousand

).
) ee he en calls ohome ” had a school education and by chance
slipped
trade, by securing an apprenticeship.
owned a 4 2, wees highly respected

 

 

thru the “union” restrictions which kept several of his mates from learning
neighbor and citizen and rous .

After , he
in the town, a union was formed and he

called a “scab.” He knew the organizer got

induced to join of being

commaission | each othe ember, and while he thought a union of
workingmen. oar ea : ra accounts, he didn’t pot like the
looks of things. couldn’t ‘f.
' Then he Cae to strike to force the disc of all independent men.

So he lost much by idleness angi saw violence and destruction of property in

the name of the “union,” he of course being charged as one of the law-breakers,
although he staged at home and kept out of trouble and didn't need any injunction
to t him from committing

e.
He lost his wages and had to bear much odium in order to help fill the pockets
and give them more ,
- eee ples eee by shnerving thas the rank.and file of the uniorsmen
were absolu' controlled by a few leaders who ran things to suit themselves and
forced the public to class all union men as indorsing the lawless and despicable acts
these lead their bullies.
7 Ina strike t a public had learned by experience to look for lawlessness and
violence. Men were followed and bull-dozed, attacked and at times murdered.
Horses were maimed, harness cut and wagons and goods destroyed. Women
followed and insulted and sometimes stripped naked. ines were dynamited and
flooded, men shot from ambush and homes blown up. Industries were st
and thousands thrown out of work.

very urder lawless act was committed he saw these “Leaders”
oak tae cae ae, ond e union money to defend those whom the unigp men
knew to be criminals

Every act of these Union Leaders seemed to show their sympathy with and
desire for lawlessness and violence. They would protest against the presence of
police, soldiers or any other peace officer hired by the people.

They would employ all forms of hidden and mean acts to harm other men.
All of these things caused the common pee to look upon union men as possible
law-breakers and enemies to the peace of the community. .

This was further added to by the leaders taking the money of the union members

Also to enact an anti-injunction law so that the ee courts could not issue
injunctions which would prevent violence and loss of property. ;

These thi lainly showed that these leaders Wanted to be free to commit
violence, attac the
of union labor and yet go free.

if a union man don't want to riot or commit violence an injunction to prevent

Phis work makes honest, peaceable union workmen disgusted for they are being
classed as anarchists. -
It is most unfair to reputable union men that they be subject to such leaders
and unable either to correct or escape their anger if not obeyed.
Organizations of Labor or — may exist and operate ey and legally,
but most of the paid leaders of the unions plainly seek to bréak the law and com-~-
mit acts of violence to increase their power, force all men to join and pay in

fees.

It is a dangerous condition demanding attention from every lover of his country.

When workingmen are fined and forced to pay from $25.00 to $1,000.00 for some
“disobedience” of “orders” from the leaders, some idea of the extent of the slavery
may be understood. f

A few designing men have gained control of “organized labor” and are shrewdly
scheming to rivet the shackles on their own members and on all citizens. Give them
the “free riot” laws and they can enforce obedience.

Take a careful look at the work of these I abor leaders now before Congress. -

They demand a revision of the “penal code” so that rioters and toughs directed
by Labor Union managers may commit various acts of lawiessness and free.

They demand an anti-injunction law, so that the hands of the people’s courts
shall be tied and they cannot issue restraining orders to prevent acts, sure to result
in riot, assaulting of other workmen, dynamiting and destruction of property. This
is known as the “Free Riot Act.” 5
. They demand that no free American who fails to pay fees to the union leaders
be allowed to work in certain gov't departments.

‘They demand the defeat of public men who vote against these measures of
anarchy.

The “union” man’s money is used to work these measures through. i

It is a most dangerous condition confronting the people, but our workingmen
and other citizens can preserve their freedom by acting, and acting promptly.

President Roosevelt is quoted as saying, “The worst foes of America are the

| reckless labor agitator who arouses the mob to riot and bloodshed is in the last

analysis the most dangerous of the workingmen’s enemies. This man is a real 1,

| and so is his sympathizer, who, to catch votes, denounces the judiciary and military

because they put down mobs.” ;
“The men who have done us harm are those who preach the doctrine of anarchy,
but refrain from action that will bring them within the pale of the law; for these men

, lead thousands astray by the fact that they go unpunished or even rewarded for

|

State.
According to a bill introduced by Senator
Gilchrist the Independence League pri- |

|

 

*

 

their misdeeds.

The constitution seeks to guarantee to every American, freedom anc the right
to the pursuit of happiness in his own way. It is not intended that a select few gain
control of an organization and by absolute power and violence, rule all other men
and force them to pay monthly fees, as planned by these labor leaders. :

We don't want new laws that make Violence, Dynamiting, Boycotting and general
mob rule safe to the tough element. That would destroy industries and commerce
and put work-people into poverty, with every man’s hand raised against his neighbor.

Men of America must take a stand against these insidious attacks on their God-
given personal liberty.

The way to help yourself is to write now, and again later, to the members of Con-
gress, whose names you can get and tell them your wishes.

They will understand readily if your letter asks them to “vote for the measures
that are clearly in the interest of the masses.” ‘‘ Vote against any bill, whether pre-
sented by Labor or Capital, if it is a “class” measure and intended to benefit a few and
injure the many. Demand more laws inst criminals, not less.

Tell them we don’t want this country filled up with criminals, made so by cow-
ardly legislation in the interests of Labor Union Bosses, grafters, frenzied financiers
or anarchists.

Then watch how they vote. Past history shows that the le defeat public
men who forget the great majority of their free constituents ey work for measures
introduced, solely to put more power into the hands of designing labor leaders.

When the le 8) things are done.

‘here are brave members of Congress who stand up for the law-abiding citizens

the limitation now being not more than 4 | and refuse to vote for the anarchy of these labor leaders, but such Congressmen

want words of encou ent from the people.
4 few members of Congress think they can continue to hold office by bowing to

Rep. Kings), | the shouts and demands of these organized labor leaders in whom anarchy and dis-
ing for the | order is ingrained. Such public men (there are but few) are willing to
adoption of the Massachusetts form of | their own ideas of —_ and justice to curry favor with an organization thought to

hallot in this State as recommended by the | be strong enough to keep them in office. That is a fatal mistake.
Look at the members of Congrees who have Nn Opr at the polls by all the

rostitute

forces the leaders of organized labor could bring to bear.

Every Congresaman who has stood up fearlessiv for the rights of the common
people and refused to vote for “free riot” and such bills, has been returned by in-
creased majorities.

What the great mass of newspaper readers and voters want to know ia,

Does he stand for all the le and not alone for the few, and does he stand for
absolute freedom and justice. Ties reason is plain.

“Organized labor” is a name abused by the “Violent men” who have gained con-
trol. They use that name to mask their anarchy and scheme to keep workmen
paving fees to them.

Organized labor itself represents only about one citizen in every 40 Americans, or
say 2 million out of 80 million. Great numbers of the 2 million members are upright
peace-loving, reputable citizens and in many cases forced to join unions against their
will. Such men ju w ts rt or vote in favor of the “free riot” plans
of the “Men of Violent cies” in control. :

Then the great peace-loving, patriotic majority, the 80 millions, have at Jeast
some rd for the law of the people and their own safety thereunder.

A public man can only be safe in office when labor leaders demand that he vote
for laws protecting “free riot” and the like, by replying that he “stands for anv
measure introdu by either Labor or Capital provided that measure be in

the interest of all the people and not in the interest of a class alone.”

If he tries to curry favor by supporting any of these lawless acts of organized
he will go down to defeat and carry with him the

labor, his pesre will be known an
denunciat on of a people who demand peace and know how to maintain it.
___ There are about 500 local organizations of liberty-lovin people in as many cities
in the U. 8., variously known as Citizens Ase’ns, Industrial Ass’ns and Citizens In-
dustrial Aas’ns. Their affiliations and aes represents several million people.

They are watching this legislation and their voices will be heard in no uncertain
meh chal be ay priv r-)- for the pubhi

y lege and pleasure to pay for t abhication, in practically
every prominent in America, of the names of M Jongress
n= : y to thie “free riot” — of on. oT = tee
n, in trying to carry out thie work for the perpetuation of the freedom of th
ieenaper wie eas a cee Hien ea Tes nea
n fear o ” nt E

publish this article, although I offer it to them or ite abe oe a 04

neal has at times been hard to ast word for t common man to th public eye,

‘If you want to know the papers dominated b
papers of January 28th. If A an t find this
“why?” A very few have no contract with us,
a variety of excuses, but never the real one, that the
rights of the common man, fearing ent by . Isn't that a dan-
state of affairs? Don't you think the great mass of readers have a right to
now what submit to having their utterances colored and censored by the
labor union ers, before a f dare present the “news” to their readers?
are quite a few such papers and I am out to tell the facts and give them a fair test.
; apeve all it is of the greatest importance that the readers, one poo all, write
quickly to members of . asking them to vote only for measures for the safety
of poopie and ag) for say measure of the “free riot” sort.
refathers fought for freedom for themsel i ildren
must be alert, for oppressors arise from time to lene end ¢ oe oo of it. vig
: pew is 5 once said “The most valuable end of government ia the liberty
of the inhabitants. No possible advantages can compensate for the loss of this
privilege.” Don’t let any man or set of men rob you of it. Write to members of
Congress, Just for the people, C. W. Post, Battle Creek, Mich.

labor union leaders various
cle write such papers 4 enquire

eir fellow men, stop industries and destroy property in the name