See - SS ag ae a ae

+s

 

 

ae

oy

oe

a

 

 

ees. PM i

ERDMANN LAW KNOCKED OUT

SUPREME COURT DECLARES IT TO
BE UNCONSTITUTIONAL,

ee

R Forbadle Interstate Carriers to Dismiss
Employees Because of Their Member.
ship in Labor Organizations —Beyond
the Power of Congress, the Court Held,

 

 

WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.—The tenth section
of the so-called Erdmann law, enacted by
Congress in 1898 forbidding railroads or
other carriers engaged in interstate com-
meree to discriminate against or discharge
employees because of their membership in
labor organivations, was to-day declared by
the Supreme Court to be “an arbitrary in-
terference with the liberty of contract
which no Government can legally justify
in a free land” and therefore void as con-
travening the Constitution. The decision

1s one of the most important announce-

ments ever delivered by the court on the
rights of employers and employees and the
principles laid down are far reaching in
their effect on present day labor conditions.

The decision was rendered on a test case
rrought by the Louisville and Nashville
Railroad. William Adair, master mechanic
f the road, for the purpose of attacking
the law discharged O. B. Coppage, a fire-
man in the employ of the company, because
he belonged to the Order of Locomotive
Firemen. That organization took the mat-
ter up, Adair was indicted under the Erd-
mann la@, and convicted and fined $100
by the Federal court in eastern Kentucky,
which upheld the constitutionality of the
scot. Carriere and their employees, the
oourt held, being adjuncts of interstate
‘ommerce the law was a proper regulation
thereof, and it denied the pleas of the com-
vany that it was void because st interfered
with the liberty of contract and was class
egislation, which were the principal grounds
ipon which the appeal to the Supreme
‘ourt were prosecuted.

In the decision to-day Chief Justice
Fuller and Justices, Harlan, Brewer, White,
Peckham and Day concurred, while Justices
McKenna and Holmes dissented and Justice
Moody took no part. The opinion of the
eourt was delivered by Justice Harlan.

In the course of his opinion Judge Harlan
said that the provisions of the act were
an invasion of personal liberty as well as
of the right of property, both of which
rere expressly guaranteed by the Consti-
tution.

Such liberty and right,” he said, “em-
braces the right to make contracts for
the purchase of labor of others and equally
the right to make contracts for the sale
of one’s own labor; each right, however,
being always subject to the fundamental
eondition that no contract, whatever its
subject matter, can be sustained which
the law upon reasonable grounds forbids
as inconsistent with the public interests,
or as hurtful to the public order as detri-
mental to the common good. As azent
of the railroad company, and as such hav-
ing control of the business of one of its
departments, it was the defendant Adair’s
right, and that right inhered in his personal
liberty and was also a right of property,
to serve his employer as beat he could so
long as he did nothing that was reasonably
forbidden by law as injurious to the public
interest. It was the right of the defendant
to prescribe the terms upon, which the
services of Coppage would be accepted
and it was the right of Coppage to become
or not, as he chose, an employee of the
railroad company upon the terms o..ered
to him.”

Judge Harlan continues as follows:

While the rights of liberty and property
guaranteed by the Constitution were subject
to such reasonable restraints as the comman
good or the general welfare might require,
it was not within the functions of govern-
ment, at least in the absence of contract be-
tween the parties, to compel any person in
the course of his business and against ‘is

will to accept or retain the personal services |

of another, or to compel any person against

his will to perform personal service for an- |
other. The right of a person to sell his labor |
ipon such terms as he deems proper is, in |

ts essence, the same as the right of the pur-
haser of labor to prescribe the condiWons
iron which he will accept such labor from
the person offering to sell it. So the right

the employee to quit the service of the
‘inployer tee whatever reason is the same
*» the right of the employer, for whatever
reason, to dispense with the service of such
employee,

'' was the legal right of the defendant,
‘dar, however unwise’ such a course might

‘ve been, to dismiss Coppage because of

~ 'eing a member of a labor organization,
was the legal right of Coppage, if he

4. iit to do 80, however unwise such a course
on his part might have been, to quit the ser-
ive in which he was engaged because the
‘efendant employed those who were not
members of some labor organization In
ali such particulars the employer and the
employee have equality of rights, and any
legislation that disturbs that equality is an
arbitrary interference with the liberty of
roentract which no government can legally
‘ustify in a free land.

Of course if the parties by contract fix
the period of service and prescribe the con-
iitions upon which the contract may be
terminated such contract would contro!
the rights of the parties as between them-
selves, and for any violation of those pro-
isions the party wronged would have his
appropriate civil action. And it may be
but upon that point we express no opinion—
hat in the case of a labor contract between
an employer engaged in interstate commerce
and his employees Congress could make it a
‘rime for either party, without sufficient or
ust excuse,to disregard the terms of such con-
tract or to refuse to perform it. In the
absence, however, of a valid contract be-
tween the parties controlling their conduct
toward each other and fixing a period of
service it cannot be that an employer is
under any legal obligation against his will
to retain an employee in his personal service
any more than an emplovee can be compelled
againat his will to remain in the persona!
service of another.

Justice Harlan said that while the rower
of Cofgress to regulate interstate commerce
was the rower to srescribe rules by which
such commerce must be governed, yet
those rules, in order to be within the com-
petency of Congress, must have some real
or substantial relation to or connection
sith the commerce regulated. He con-
tinued:

But what possible legal or logical connection
ts there between an employee's membership
‘n a labor organization and the carrying on
of interestate commerce? Such relation to
a labor organization cannot have in itself
any bearing upon the commerce with which
rhe employee is connected by his labop and
services, Labor associations, we assume,
are organized for the general purpose of
‘mproving or bettering the conditions and
conserving the interests of their members as
wage e&@rners, an object entirely legitimate
and to be commended rather than condemned.
But surely those associations as labor organ-
zations have nothing to do with interstate
ecommerce as such.

One who engages In the service of a carrier
will, ic must be assumed, faithfully perform
his duty whether he be a member or not a
member of a labor organization. His fitness
for the position in which he labora and
his diligence in the discharge of his duties

annot in law or sound reason depend in any
degree upon his being or not being a mem-
ber of a labor organization, It cannot be
Assumed that his fitnessis assured or his
diligence increased by such membership,
or that he is less fit or less diligent because
of his not being a member of such an organi-
sation. It isthe emplovee as a man and not
as @ member of a labor organization who
‘abors in the service of an interstate carrier

Willit be said that the provision in question
‘ad ite origin on the part of Congress that

it did not show more consideration for

=)

      

  

wae oe of labor organizations than for

 

 

earflers who are not members of such
organizations or did not insert in the statute
seme such provision as the one here in ques-
tion members of labor organizations would by
illegal or violent measures interrupt or im-
pair the freedom of commerce among the
We will not indulge in any suoh
| Conjectures or make them in whole or in
| Part the basis of our decision. We could
' not do so consistently with the respect due
| to @ coordinate department of the Govern-
| ment. We could not do so without im-
} puting to Congress the purpose to accord
{ to one class of wage earners privileges with-
= from another class of wage earners
—eene. it may be, in the same kind of labor
} a serving the same employer. Nor will!
| we assume in our consideration of the case
j that members of labor organizaticns will
; in any considerable numbers resort to illegal
methods for* accomplishing any particular
| object they have in view.

There w no such connection between
interstate commerce and membership in a
labor organization, the court holds, as to
authorize Congress to make it a crime

inst the United States for an agent

) of an interstate carrier to discharge an
employee because of such members ip. op
his part. If such a power existed in Con-
gress it was difficult to peroeive why it
| might not, by absdlute regulation, require
| interstate carriers, under senalties, to
| emrloy in. the conduct of its interstate
| business only membérs of labor organiza-
tions or only those who were not members
of such organizations—a rower which
would not be recognized as existing under
the Constitution of the United States. Such

a rule of criminal liability could not in any

sense be regar.ijed ss a regulation of inter-

state commerce he rower to regulate
interstate commerce could not be exerted
in violation of any fundamental right se-
cured by other rrovisions of the United

States.

Justices McKenna and Holmes dissented.

 

 

ALDRICH BILL COMPLETED.

|
It Will Be Presented to the Senate Finance
Committee Today.

WasuIncTon, Jan. 27.—The revision of
the Aldrich currency bil] was comy leted
day by Senators Aldrich, Allison and
ale. When the Committee ,on Finance
meets to-morrow, after a recess taken a
week ago to enhble Senator Aldrich to in-
| cory orate in the bill reveral amendments
| which had been suggested by both Re; ub

|

}

|

 

licans and Democrats, the comr leted meas-
ure will be presented and will form the basis
for final discussion before it is reported to
the Senate. d

Most of the changes which will be made
in the bill as a result of the committee dis-
cission have been explained heretofore in
Washington despatches to Tak Sun. A
new amendment contained in the draft of
the revised bill to be considered by the
committee to-fporrow was 6! ggested by
Senator Bailey, one of the Democratic lead-
ers. it provides for an ejvitable distrib..-
tion of the circulation authorized by the
bill and was the o tcome of apprehension
on the part of Senators from States which
have #.ch sparsely cectled territory that
New York, Chicago and other great cities
would be able to have a practical monopoly
of the iss e of emergency currency through
their aLiiity to control most of the bonds
which banks must obtain and deposit in
t.e Treasiry as collateral for the issue of

| additional circ::lation.

Senator Bailey cid not submit his amend-
ment in ¥ riting, soit vas crafted by Senator
Al rich4&nd incor orated in the revised bill.
Under this amen ment the country is not
divited into s*b-treasvry districts, as vas

ro’ osed by Serator Bajiey, but cach civi-
8 Qn com rises a State of the Union + hose
national banks are to be entitled to takinr
outemerzency circulation! ro ortiontate to
the total cavita! an sur lus of the nations)
banks in that State. The Ret ublican mem-
bers of the Firance Committee have ar-

roved this amenaument 48 Grawn by Sen-
ator Al rich

Several new amencments are cesigned
| to rroviv‘e for an issue of ¢mervency circu-

lation with the least » ossible ¢ ree. In the
| Al rich bill as ¥revected crigirally to the
Committee on Finance it was provi ed that
sub-treasuries should bold in rserve the
emerzency cirevlation notes only of sueb
banks as requested that they be rrinted
an! so held subject to call. Ore of the
| revised amen re rim requires the Secre-
| tary of the Treasury to
|
'
|

prerare
keep on hand in the’ svub-treasvries
frinted notes of all the rational
in each .sub-treasvry — cistrict Under
this rrovision a bank which bas net con-
tem* lated taking ovt any emergency cir-
culation and sudcenly ¢ esired ér felt com-
relled to do so will not be required to wait
until the notes can be rrinted and trans-
mitte} to it through
treesurv.

also by one of the new amendments tor ass
uron the stability of the several classes of

collateral for cireulation. To avert delay
| through an inquiry as to the stability of
these securities in times of financia) stress
the Secretary of the Treasury will be re-

hanks | d
| Hercules of finance, a banker statesman,

| OPENING |

 

  

URRENCY DEBATE |
FOWLER DISCUSSES THE
MERITS OF HIS BILL,

-_-——-

He Said If It Had Been in Force the Money
Panic Wouldn't Have Occurred—He
Praiscs Mr. Morgan, “a Banker Pa-
triet,’* for Protecting Banks’ Kesources |

WasHinaton, Jan. 2/.—What may be |
termed the formal opening of the discussion
of the currency question in the House of
Representatives took place to-day when
Mr. Fowler, chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, took occasion to
improve the opportunity offered by general |
debate on District of Columbia affairs to
present to the House his views on the causes |
of the panic and the merits of the remedy |
proposed in the bill bearing his name.
He prefaced his remarks by having read a |
Washington despatch purporting to give |
the details of the bargain al to have |
been made between the Sp and Mr. ,
Fowler by which he was reappointed chair- ,
man of the committee. They were to the |
effect that Mr. Fowler promised the Speaker |
not to press his proposed currency bill but |
to accept a Senate proposition.

“The whole article,” declared Mr. Fowler, |
“is absolutely false, and I believe maliciously
false. The only thing that was said on the |
occasion of the interview with the Speaker
tegarding the appointment of the committee |
was the remark by the Speaker that he
believed it would not be wise to attempt
to report any measure before the holiday
recess, and my-answer that not only would
that be unwise, but that any measure at-
tempting to deal with existing conditions,
either before or after the holidays, would
be both unwiee and useless.”

Proceeding to a discussion of the causes
of the panic Mr. Fowler said that while the
United States had -two-tifths of the
entire banking forces of the world the
system of bond secured circulation was
the worst in existence. “If it were a good
one,” he asked, “would not some other
nation in all these years have discovered
its virtues and adopted it for itsown? Japan
indeed did use it once over night. The
people of that country speedily discovered
that it would not answer them and aban-
doned it.

“lf we had had the kind of currency we
ought to have had,” Mr. Fowler continued,
“and if the banks of this country could have
sent their credits into the country districts,
uf they could have converted their book
credits subject to checks into current cred |
its, which passed without indorsement we
never would have had the troubies of this
last suminer.

“Lhe next question that we want to con-
sider in this courmtry is one of reserves;
and I want to say that there isin my opinion
nothing in this country that is fit fora re- |
serve except gold, and that in any country,
whatever is the standard of value, the
reserves shoula be coined out of that stand-
ard of value. [Applauge.} Now what |
is the tact about our reserves in this coun-
try? All over this country the men who
have naticnal banks go to the State banks
and place their national bank notes in the
reserves. ‘lhat was what came of it in)
1895, when within a period of twenty-four,
or forty-eight hours at the latest, the credit
of this nation would have been lost. Mr.
Cleveland had the intelligence and the
courage to ot monster by the throat |
and appeal to that great financier, Mr
Morgan, to proviae for the maintenance of |
our national honor by holaing and con- ,
trolling the exchange until we could recoup
our geld. 1 for cone thank that a
man tike Grover Cleveland was Presiaent
that year. [Applause.} The Sub-Treasury
system in this country has been a curse to
commerce ever since it was established |

‘ and bas been more of a curse in the last |

few years than ever before. — 5

“Tao not know of anything in this country
that is constantly ar using sectional feeling
so much as the aistribution of this money
in times of stress. The United States
Government shoula depcsit its money every

, aay by check ana dratt ana check it out

and .

the nearest sub- |

The Secretary of the Treasury is directed |

unofficial securities that may he used as |

quired to have all such securities classified |

of counties and cities without regard to
the number of inhabitants in these counties
and cities as onaealy provided may be

or the issue of cir-

acce ted as security
to $500,000,000

culation, and increasing
the amount of circulation that may
taken out under the bill, the original I
having been $250,000,000,

Friends of the Alcrich bill express the
| orinion—and this orinion is shared by
ce Alsrich, its author—that opr osi-
|

'
immediately ur on the; assage of the act.

imit

tion to the meaner on the yart of bankers
is due to the lief entertained by
them that it «ill he costly to take out the
rroposed emerzency circulation. The very
fact that emergency circulation might be
secured, Senator Alcrich said, would make
its issuance unnecessary in any considerable
quantities.
The Senate Democrats have not

on a bill as a substitute for that introduced
by Senator Alcrich. The indications are
that they vill be unable to reach anagree-
ment on the subject.

 

Big OF Firg & Rakimore.

Bautimore, Jan. 27.—A spark from a
shifting engine this morning set fire to a
tank at the works of the Standard Oil Com-
pany at Canton, near Baltimore. At 9
o'clock this evening the fire was stijl burn-
ing, but was under control. In the interval
$80,000 worth of of] had burned.

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.
WasuInoron, Jan. 27.-The gunboat Buf-
has arrived at Sausalito
tothe collier !eonidas has sailed from
Boston for Portsmouth, N. H., and the
gunboat Paducah from New Orleans for
Guantanamo.

 

"ah

|

be |

|

| res

 

The imy ortant changes in the bill hereto- | 20t do for the business of this country; it

fore given in ‘WHE SUN provide that bonds | country was too rartisan; our folitical in-

from the banks by check and craft just
like any cther business institution Gos
and should cease to be a aisturbing factor
in the commerce of the United States
tApplause. |

“what haprened in New York?” he asked
“The people of this country never will know
what might have happened to this country.
This man Morgan, a giant of giants, the

a banker ; atriot, aman vith a great heart
as vel) as a great intellect, stood like a
Gibraltar | rotecting the nineteen billions of |
resources of our banks, pret cting the occu-
rations of 25,000,000 American men and
» omen, rrotecting the national welfare
a‘ainst the consequences of a more destruc-
tive, terrifying and ary alling cataclysm than
has ever 8. e: t over the commerce of any |
country. Is it wise to remain in a position
where you must yield to some one man?
And who will take his place when he is
gone? Is it not time that we had a scientific, ,
sound, wise system, one that can stana |
alone, one that can stand the strain of |
contracting credit when the hourcomes?” =|

A central] bank, Mr. Fowler said, v ould

was not suited to the conaitiors. The
stitutions were not suited to the successful
cord ‘¢t of sucha bank. In conclusion Mr.
Fov. ler assured the House that it might
build up its army and navy, but what the |
country must have in time of war was the |
currency that vould sustain them. Mr.
Fo> ler was arrlauded varmly at the close,
Following his formal address Mr. Fowler
nded to questions by several members.
presentative Burton of Ohio asked
if a currency taxed at only 2 per cent. would
not lead to inflation. }
Mr. Fowler thought not. If a note were ,
carried over night in a bank's reserve the |
tax would be 10 per cent. a day. He chal-
lenged Mr. Burton to name a credit cur-
rency that ever failed. “If you know of one
name it’ now’s your chance.”
tative Cockran of New York
ted to know to what extent the cur-
rency would be increased under the bill.
Mr. Fowler replied that the reserves of
trust companies would be increased about
six Fundred millions. About three hundred
millions now current, Mr. Fowler thought,
would be retired shortly and come out
again next fall.
A little later Mr. Cockran referred to
“the comprehensive plan of the bill.”
“It is intended to be,” said Mr. Fowler.
Mr. Cockran seemed nettled. “I desire
to congratulate the gentleman,” he said,
“upon his solution of a question which
was never before solved in the history of
the world save by Wilkins Micawber.”
{Laughter.]}

Proposed Woman Suffrage Amendment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.—Representative
Davey of Louisiana by request to-day

offered a resolution to amend the Constitu-
tion 60 as to permit women to vote,

ES

Help down a hot griddle cake
‘on a cold moming with

The health-giving essence of golden
corn. Tastes good—does good.
In air-tight tins, 18c., 25c., 50c.

   

ee ete : " Ate
= ‘ “2 cen %
% a iy ‘ tT A

; at Castleton, N. ¥
, in this city Mav 12,

| deseendant of the Rev

| the New Jersev Legislature

| Pxchange

oe

FRANKLIN RB, LORD DEAD.

Head of the Law Firm of Lord, Day & Lord
—His Equitable Sulit Stull Pending.

Franklin B. Lord, head of the !aw firm
of Lord, Day & Lord, died yesterday at his
home, 58 Park avenue, after a short illness.

He was born in this city in 1850. His
father, Daniel De Forest Lord, was a mem-
ber of the Lord firm, Franklin B. Lord was
graduated from Columbia in 1870, studied
law and was admitted to the bar in 1873.
On the death of bis brother, Daniel Lord,
he became the senior partner in the firm.
In 1875 he married-Miss Josephine Gillet.

In 1905, after a plan for the mutualiza-
tion of the Equitable Life Assurance So-

ciety had been determined upon, Mr. Lord,
who was a minority stockholder, brought

|a suit in the Supreme Court to prevent
he

mutualization. suit is still pend-
ing, but it prevented the plan being carried
ut

out.
Mr. Lord was president of the Queens

Guay Water Company, a director of the
Long Island Railroad Comrany, the vice-
president of the Cuba Railroad Company
and a director of the Lawyers Title In-
surance and Trust Company, and_ the
Mortgage Bond Comrany of New York.
He was a trustee of Barnard College and
one of the most active | romoters of its ip-
teresta, and ;resident of the Society for
the Relief of Half Orphan and Destitute
Children.

He was a member of the Century, Uni-
versity, Columbia verine, irolier,
Riding, Down Town and City Midday
clubs, the gramray Hunting Club, the
New York Historica) Society, the Metro-
rolitan Museum of Art, the Sons of the

| Revolution and the Bar Association,

His wife and three sons survive him.

Obituary Notes.

Shepard Rowland, 62 years old, a retired
New York business man, died at his residence,
77 Park street, Montclair, N. J., yesterday
after a short illness of heart trouble.
Rowland was a native of Longisiand. He
caine to New York when a young man and
entered the produce commissio? business,
in which he remained until his retirement in
1897. He removed from Jersey City to Mont-
clair twenty-eight years ago and was an
important factor in the upbuilding of the
latter town. He was a member o

 

Church, a trustee of the Y. M.C. A. and a
charter member of the Mont: lair Club. He
belonged to the New York Chamber of Com-
merce, was a member of the board of man-
agers of the American Bible So jiety and
treasurer of the endowment fund of the old
John Street Methodist Church in New York.

Mr. Rowland was a member of that church ,

before he went to Montclair to live, but_he
always retained his connection with it. Mr.
Rowland is survived by his wife-and two
sons, Alfred and Harry 8S. Kkowland of Mont-
clair. ‘The funeral will take place on Wednes-
day afternoon at 3 0 lock and interment will
be made in Rosedale Cemetery, Orange.

George Fordham Hanford. rassenger agent
of the New York Central Railroad at Albany,
died atthe Hom orathic Hosrita!l in that city
on Saturday evening trom iniuries sustained

Mr. Hantord was born
18%, and was the son of
Lewis and Letitia Fordham Hanford, and a
Thomas Hanford,
first pastor of Norwalk, Conn., and of the
Rev. Robert Fordham, founder and
roinister of Hem*”stead, |. I. He was an
honorary member of the Davy Crockett Club
of Pourhkeenrie, N. Y., ex-nresident of the
Old Kellable Railroad Conductors’ Associa-
tion and one of the charter members of the
old Americus Club. He is survived by his
wile, a son and three daughters, two of whom
are married

Frank R. O'Neill, viee-presiden. and acting
publisher of the St. Louis Poat-lInanatch,
one of the veteran newspaper men of the
middie West, died of bronchial pneumonia
yesterday Yr. O'Neill was 57
He is survived by a wife and two children
Few meninSt. Louis had a wider acquaintance
than Frank O'Neill. Jn his early davs as a
reporter he acomplished feats which earned
him « reputation as @ news @atherer and
writer. Intts74 he became legislative corre-
spondent wt Springfield Til, for the St. Louis
Rervolic. Later he served the Renrubhlic
and Foat-Discatch in neariv” all writing
capacities. From 1885 to 18*s he was editor
in chief of the Rervblic. He was a Demo-
erat and a bimetallist

Lott Water, member of an old
Long Island family and former editor and

Van_ de

| proprietor of the Hempstead Sentinel], died

at his home on franklin street Hempstead,
Sunday afternoon after an illness of two
vears, He was fh his seventy-sixth vear
In the last twenty-five vears Mr. Van de
Water had spent much of his time in southern
California in search of health His wife,
Caroline Van de Water, and four children
Mrs. Pierre M. Prown, Mrs. ( harles Prookes,
J. WB. Van de Water and Lott Van de Water,
survive bim. Funeral services will
evening will be in Cireen-
reld Cemetery.

Interment

Samuel Burling, a memeer of the old fainily
ter whom Burling Slipis named and one of
the earliest members of the Hicksite branch
of the Society of Friends, died on Suniay at

his home, 198 Washington Park, Brooklyn,
in his eightv-second vear. He was born in

Rochelle and hed been a resident of
Brooklyn since his bovhood. In 1549 he estab-
lished with his brother the wholesale and
retail grocery firm of S. & J.C. Burling and
reroained in active business until 1409,
leaves a witow, @ son and a danehter and
five grandchildren. The burial wilt vein the
Friends burving ground at Purchase, West-
chester county.

The bodies of Lucins H. Arinstrong and his
wife, former residents of Newark, N. J.,
were received by relatives in that city vwester-
dav for interment. Mr. and Mrs
died a tew davs ago at Jacksonville, Fla
Mr. Armstrong, who was %- rears old, died of
pneumonia and his wife, who was two rears
his senior and had long suffered with a heart
affection, died two hours later. Mr
and in the ‘70s served in
The couple had
no children. Thev went to Florida several
vears ago because of failing healtin

Albert Kelley, a retired banker who for
many years was a member of the Stock
died sudedeniv last nieht at his
home, 20 West Fiftieth atreet. of heart disease.
He was born in Cairo, N. V., in 18248, and when
a young maf went into the dry goods busi-
ness in St Tovis. In 1865 he came to New
York and established the banking house of
J.B. Alexander & ('o. He retired in 18a9
He was a member of the Union Club. He
leaves two sons, Albert T. Kelley, a broker,
and Austin T. Kelley

Major Charles Moyer, who was breveited
for gallantry in the civi: war, died yesterday
of grip at the home of his son Albert, in South
Orana@e. N. J. He was 80 years old and was
born in New Jersey. He enlisted in Ander,

Common Council

son's Cavalry in Philade'phia, took part fn
| the campaigns {
| Sherman on the march to the sea.

in Tennessee and was with
. He was
assistant Adjutant-General et Savannah. He
is survived by his wife, a daughter and one
son.

William W., Stewart of 244 Fast Nineteenth
street, Flatbush, was etricken with apoplexy
while attending the services in St. Pani’s
Episcoval Church on Sunday morning and
died in the vestry. He was horn in Warer-
bury, Conn,, seventy-four vears azo and had
long been engaged in the jewelry business in

Manhattan. He was prominent in the affairs
of St. Paul's parish and treasurer of the
parish club. He leaves a widow,

David R. Morse, president of the Frie
County Savings Bank, Buffalo, died yeater-
day after being ill ten days with grip. He
was 88 years old. Mr. Morse had been Menti-
fled with the bank since 1870 and for the
last nineteen veers was president of the
institution. His death was preceded by the
death of his only daughter, Mrs. Anna Morse
Ames, which occurred Sunday.

USMITH’S, FIRST APPEARANCE,

Little Michigan Congressman Who Suc-
ceeded Babcock.

WasHINcTon. Jan. 27.—Renrresentative
Smith of Michigan made his first appear-
ance in the House to-day as chairman of the

ittee on Affairs of the District of
Columbia, calling the attention of the H ouse
first to the bill to direct the construction of
street car tracks to the new ‘Union Station.

Mr. Smith presents quite a contrast
physically to his predecessor, Mr. Rahcock,
and the story was recalled of his first ap-

rance before the Supreme Court of
chigan. When he hegan to speak on

a

“Excuse me, Brother Smith, but when
attorneys address the Court it is customary
for them to rise.”

“I am on my feet,” replied Mr. Smith,
“but I can aseure your H onor that I am taller
sitting down than standing up.”

 

American Car and Foundry Piant Resumes.

Derrorr, Jan. 27.~-The plant of the
American Car and Foundry (Company,
which has been shut down for some time,
or ened to-day, givfng employment to 3,000
men. ‘There is said to be two months
work ahead at the plant.

Mr. |

the old |

township committee and of the First Methodist |

first *

years old, |

be held |

He |

Armstrong |

Arm- |
| strong was a former tnember of the Newark

i
that occasion, it is said, the Chief Justice, |
who was a trifle nearsighted. remarked: !

 

 

MR.TILLMAN MAKES THE CHARGE
IN THE SENATE.

Mae Heyburn of Idaho and Mr. Stone of

| Missouri Back Him Up—it Siavery Does

 

Exist There, Said Mr. Tillman, It is Due
* te Protection of the Administration.

Wasainaron, Jan. 27.—The Senate in-
dulged in an interesting debate on the
question of whether slavery existed in the
Philippines. The report of the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws was before the
Senate and when a clause was reached
penalizing the slave trade and forbidding
the landing of any cargo of human beings
destined for slavery within the juriadiction
of the United States several Senators ex-
pressed the opinion that the statute was
useless and obsolete and suggested that it
be omitted from the Revised Code.

Senator Hale of Maine and Senator Bailey
of Texas were especially earnest about the
matter. This moved Senator Tillman to
make the charge that slavery existed in the
Philippines. Senator Heyburn of Idaho
expressed the opinion that a form of slavery,
a remnant of the cld Spanish rule, obtained
in certain parte of the Philippine Archi-
pelago. He said:

“It is said and written, unfortunately, that
in one of the possessions of the United States
slavery exists to-day. That is one of the
islands of the Pacific that came to us as the
dJesult of the war with Spain. I have not
investigated the charge with sufficient care
to be able to say how much foundation there
is for it, but I think perhaps Congress should
investigate it and know the facts. I had
almost asserted that I knew. I know on
the statement of men on whose word I rely
that a condition of slavery exists somewhere
in the Philip»ines—a remnant of éonditions
that we found there. It should not exist.”

Mr. Tillman directed the attention of

Senators to the fact that if slavery existed
it was due to the Administration's pro-
tection. “lhe Philippine Islands are to-day
overned by the Secretary of War urder
the orders of the President,” he declared.
Mr. Hale pecnres much disturbed over
the charge of Mr. \illman. “1 am not pre-
pared to say,” said he, “that the War De-
partment has suppressed important facts

and conditions in the Philippines that tear |

oe oublic questions with regard to these
islands.”

«ur. Tillman rerlied that while he did
net ave the facts at hand he had learned
some way that slavery existed in the Sulu
Archirelago and that slaveowning dattos
were carried on the Government rayrolls
in violation of the Thirteenth Amendment.

“I ao not think,” said Mr. Hale, “that the
Secretary of War, «ho is a man of very wide
uncerstanding, a good lavyer and a ysa-
triotic man, has ever considered that the
conauition under which Congress conferred
power to govern the islands ur on the Presi-
dent absolves him from rercrting from time
to time as to the concitions in the Philirrine
Islanus, which rerort comes to Congress
either directly or through the President.”

Mr. Stone of Missouri told of having seen
a boy slave held by one of the dattos in the
Sulu Islands while on a visit there last
summer.

Finally at. Mr. Hale's request it was
| agreed that the paragraph under considera-
tion should go over to await a report from
the War Derartment.

Mr. Sutherland of Utah, a member of
the Committee on Revision, declared that
a form of slavery now existed on the Pacific
Coast among the Chinese. He recalled a
case in Utah where a Chinaman had brought
over two Chinese girls and sold them to
slavery.

Mr Lodge of Massachusetts came into
the Senate Chamber near the close of the
debate and read from the Philirrine Code
| to show that slavery was absolutely for-
bidden. He exrressed the orinion that
what he had read was “a comrlete answer”
|! to what had just been said regarding the
existence of slavery in the Philiryines.

The consideration of the criminal code
had not been comrleted when the Senate
went into executive session and soon after-
ward a ijjourned.

NEW CLRRENCY BILL.
It Has the Approval of the American and
Illinois Banking Associations,

WasHincton, Jan. 27.—Representative
McKinney of [llinois, a member of the
Committee on Banking and Currency, in-
troduced a currency bill to-day which has
the endorsement of the currency committee
| of the American Bankers Association. It
has also the approval of the executive coun-
cil of the Illinois Bankers’ Association. It
provides for an issue of guaranteed credit
notes, the guarantee fund derived bv a tax
on the notes issued to be placed in the hands
of the Treasurer of the United States, and

asain ‘atesapaosineiceiietlsaninsenainiiieinet

lien on the assets of any national bank that
may fail.

Under the terms of the bill before a bank
; can issue guarantee credit notes it must
| have out 62'4 per cent. of its capital in bond
secured notes, thus giving protection to
the bondholders who have invested in this
class of security, but continuing the policy
by giving the Federal Government a market
for its bonds. A bank may then iseue

SLAVERY IN THE PHILIPPINES

in addition gives these note issues a prior ;

|
|

 

|

re ee

j

notes to the amount of 40 per cent. of 621, |

per cent. of its capital bearing a tax of 2'4
, per ovnt. per annum and may issue addi-
' tional notes equal to 1245 per cent. of ite
capital bearing 5 per cent. tax per annum.

tirement when the occasion of its issue
has passed. Under this plan it is calculated
that there will be an automatic expansion
or contraction of notes as the needs of the
country may justif’. Discussing the meas-
ure to-day Mr. McKinney said: .

“The bill if passed could be put int
' operation without disturbing any of the
present banking arrangements and it would
give the small banks the same privileges in
proportion to their capital as the larger
institutions. It would give to the country
$335,000,000 additional currency to meet
yresent demands. The trouble has been
heretofore that national banks under the
present law cannot be prevailed upon to
take out bond secured circulation to the full
| amount of their capital stock on account
of the expense attending such a large issue
of circulation and because of the difficulties
in the way of retirement, if desired, of any
portion of it.”

Nominations by the President. ji
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.—The President to-

Senate:

Second Lieutenant to be a First Tieuten-
ant—Peter J. Heunessy, Fifth Cavairy.

Captains to be Rear Admirals—William
Swift and Leavitt C. Logan.

Passed Assistant Paymaster to bea Pay-
master—Arthur M. Pippin.

Postmasters — Massachusetts: Edward G.
Spooner, Fairhaven; Prank M. Tripp, Marion;
Edwin F. Wyer, Woburn.

New York—Daniel D. Moyer, Hammond:
John Hopkins, Hyde Park; E. A. Drew, Tup-
per Lake.

Pennsylvania—Samuel Graffin, Catasaqua;
J. H. Rome, Millersburg; James M. Dreher,
Weatherly.

a  —

Army and Navy Orders.

Wasurncton, Jan, 27.—These army orders were
issued to-day: +

Capt. Kirby Walker, Quartermaster, from Wash-
| Ington to Kansas City,

‘ol. James M. Marshal, Assistant Quartermaster
General, retirement on account of disability an
nounced.

Major George Palmer, Twenty-first Infantry,
retirement on account of disability announced,

These navy orders Were issued: = -

Lieut, T. D, Parker, from Mare Island yard to
the Buffalo as executive and navigator,

Lieut, J. P. Morton, from the Buffalo to office
of Judge Advocate Generai, Navy Department.

Midshipman W, B, Decker, from the Prairiesto
the Mississippt.

 

 

hospital, New York.
| Assistant Surgeon L. M, Schmidt, to naval hos-
pital, Annapolts.

Acting Assistant Surgeon L..C. Whiteside, to
i Raval hospital, Newport.

day sent the following nominations to the |

‘he currency issued over and above the | of the Panama Canal, Mrs. Nannie Oliver
bond secured notes is to be subject to re- | told a sensational story to-day in an Atlanta

{

Assistant Surgeon F. G. MacKenzie, to paval |

    
  
          
     
 

‘BRAltmnsOn
MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TW'tLED SILK UMBRELLAS

SOLD uSspALLY FOR $5.00

AT $2.85 Bach “>

CONSISTIN@ OF 26 AND 28 INCH SIZES, WITH
HANDLES IN VARIOUS NOVELTY STYLES.

    

  
  
  
     
   
    
    
    
    
 
   
  
    
  
   
    
   
   
   
 
    
  
  
     
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
     
   
       
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
      
     
    
     
  
     
   
    
   
 
   
   
    
     
   
   
  
    
 
   

THIS DAY (TUESDAY) JAN. 28th =,

.

 

‘

MEN's AND WOMEN'S LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS-

AT PRICES LOWER THAN USUAL, : as 4
TH DAY (TUESDAY) AND WEDNESDAY, JAN. 28th & 29th, oo "7

AS FOLLOWS: ats

 

MEN’S INITIALED LINEN HANDKERCHIEPS, cyte
SOLD USUALLY FOR $1.45 PER HALF DOZEN AT $1.00.

WOMEN’S INITIALED LINEN HANDKERCHIEPS,. .
SOLD USUALLY FOR 7c. PER HALF DOZEN AT S83 4

MEN'S PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEPRS,
SOLD USUALLY FOR $1.25 PER HALF DOZEN AT $1.00

WOMEN’S PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
SOLD USUALLY FOR 75c. PER HALF DOZEN . AT 58¢_

WOMEN’S WHITE EMBROIDERED LINEN HANDKERCHIEPS, fs
SOLD USUALLY FOR 25c. TO $1.00 EACH AT - 15¢c., 25. & 50c. ‘

 

MEN’S AND CHILDREN’S HOS'ERY, IN SPECIAL’
ASSORTMENTS, WILL BE ON SALE THIS DAY
(TUESDAY), JAN. 28th:

MEN'S FANCY COLORED AND EMBROIDERED BLACK LISLE
THREAD HALF-HOSE, SOLD USUALLY FOR S0c., AT

32c. PER PAIR PER HALP DOZEN PAIRS, $1.75

CHILDREN’S RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, q
$1.10 PER HALP DOZEN PAIRS, *

 

BLACK DRESS MATERIAL, COMPRISING 5,000 YARDS

OF CHIFFON PANAMAS, 54 INCHES WIDE, SOLD
- USUALLY FOR $1.50 PER YARD, ; r

THIS DAY (TUESDAY), JAN. 28th, AT @8c. PER YARD
*

34th Btreet, 35th Street and 5th Avenue.

AND EXHIBITIONS. | ART SALES AND EXHTSrTIons.”
PAF PAPFAALAALS AAAS LAALOAA © AAAAAAARARARRAARRA LLLP LLL LLLP LAAELLL DPD POD PD he,

LAST TWO DAYS.
TO-DAY (Tuesday) & TO-MORROW (Wednesday)

OF THE

GREAT MOHR SALE.

PUBLIC AUCTION AT THE WAREROOMS OF

F. MOHR & CO., 112 and 114 West 42d St.
COMMENCING PROMPTLY 2 O'CLOCK. ;

For Fifty Years Manufacturers of Highe t Class Furni in Drawing Reom,
Dining Room. Library and Bedroom Furniture,

together with beautiful gold cabinets, odd and eesy chnirs, rockers collection
Turkish rugs and carpets especiclly for the en bellishecont of the ae nee ; #
Never agein will there be such an opportunity to obtain such beautiful and. rich
furniture, absolutely new
AT AUCTION }

BENJAMIN S. WISE, Auctioneer.

SUES W. J. OLIVER FOR DIVORCE.

    

     

 

with him eve here as “M
although not kacvien. Finally,

A Ww ant Th Oliver told her he was free to
tlanta Woman eges That Contractor the eeremoay was in ae

. Married Her and Deserted Her. j on March 23, 1903. rtly after

qa : si | riage, she testified, Oliver 5
ATLANTs, Jan. 27—Alleging that ely is the | |S) Larned he had suaaplod amethey
wife of William J. Oliver, the contractor of | Then she brought suit for divo’
Knoxville, Tenn., who bid for the building | Oliver denies that Se aanested ie
but admits that between 188 and
ner were sadiennse. Cover al
there is now pendi at Knoxville, Tenn.,
a breach of Let my suit which the plaintiff
filed against him, a fact which, as he >
proves that the plaintiff has no
for divorce. .

He admite he was married a second time,
in June, 1908, to Mrs. Blanche O’Brien Hod-
son of Cartersville, Tenn., his present wife.

American Shipboiiding Planta All at Work
Again.

Crrcaoo, Jan. 27.~The American Ship-
building Company bas resumed work on
all new construction contracts deferred q
during the money stri in November .
and December. pa. of yards are now
em; loying 80 per cent. of a normal force ®
of 12,000 men and the new vessels will be
rushed to com, letion, many of them
uncer contract for delivery at the eae
of Lake navigation in the spring.

;

 

ae UE

court in her suit for divorce and for *140,000
alimony. Mrs. Oliver says she met Oliver
some years ago and that hw became in-
fatuated with her. '

She frankly admitted that at the time
she met Oliver in Augusta she was leading
an evil life. She said Oliver had begged
her to go with him, telling her that he was
not married. Witness drew down the collar
of her waist and showed an ugly scar across
her throat. Mr. Olivershad come to her in
a wild state of intoxication one morning.
she said, and told her he had come to kill
her because she would not § away with
him. He cut her throat, said the witness,
and then on his knees begged her to ga
that she did it herself She said she made
an affidavit that cleared Oliver and saved
him from punishment.

Then she went with Oliver, travelling

a

 

 

THE NIGHT AND DAY BANK

FIFTH AVENUE & 44TH STREET

Transacts the basiness of a bank in every branch with

rigid observance of State Banking laws, and in con-

formity with sound and conservative banking principles.
Personal accounts invited,

_ secre ews mavenarn rN
OFFICERS

 
   
 

ERT eee
HENRY STEERS... ..............Pres. Henry Steers,
SAMUEL eveee eae ™ -

   

Per ee TTP r iri rire) oe