F
:
|
k
" hi
i;
h

zy

 

 

 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1908.

one

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Ciasa Mali Matter.

 

 

Sabscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.
DAILY, Per Month

 

DAILY, Per Year 6 00
BUNDAY., Per Year 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per ¥ear...........- 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.........+ 30

Postage to forei@n countries added,

Published by the Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York. President aad Treasurer
of the Association, William MN. Laffan, 170 Nassau
wivect; Secreta'y of the Association. Frankiin
Bartlett, 5 Nassau street.

Paris office, 82 Rue Loulsle Grand. The dally and
Sunday editions are on sale at Klosque 12. near the
Grand Hote}; Klosque 77. Boulevard des Capucines,
comer Place de !'Op¢ra. and Klosque 19, Boulevard
des Italiens, corner Rue Louis le Grand.

 

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
Pudlication wish to have rej ct d artici+s return d they
Musi in wll cases a Pd stamps for that purpose
eee

 

 

Mr. Roosevelt's Divina Commedia.

Attorney-General BONAPARTE, Mr.
Rooseveit’s “Rig Stick.” or what re-
mains of it, to-day in the United States
Court in Salt Lake City seeks by a bill
in equity to dissolve Mr. HARRIMAN’S
merger of the Union Pacific, Southern
Pacific and other railroad properties.

Mr. BONAPARTE sets forth that the
said merger is in violation of the Sher-
man act, which it undoubtedly is, since
it has been conceded that everything is
in contravention of that noble statute,
even that which hath not been done; as
witness the Northern Securities case.
No one has more stoutly condemned the
same Sherman act than Mr. ROOSEVELT
himself; he has qualified it as worthy of
nothing save repeal, and both he and his
legal advisers have recognized it long
since as a vicious and dishonest piece of
legislation, never seriously intended to
be enforced, but promulgated for polit-
ical purposes only

The Sherman act, however, has its
uses. I[t can be invoked, when occasion
requires, to fan or to assuage the pas-
sions of the mob; preferably by far when
a political campaign is pending; or it
can be used in all its latent terrors to
stimulate liberal contributions during
the campaign to the fund of the ruling
eandidate Recourse is had to it now in
order that full expression may be afforded
to Mr. ROOSEVELT's personal affection
for Mr. Epwarp HENRY HARRIMAN, and
also, perhaps, with the motive of illus-
trating the continuity of Mr. Roose-
VELT’S policies and their insensible and
graceful devolution upon his successor
(upon the first ballot).

It is designed that he destruction of

.Mr. HARRIMAN’S merger. and inciden-

tally of Epwarp HENRY himself, shall be
a great lesson to the whole people and
an occasion of ecstatic exaltation to
Mr. ROOSEVELT himself. There devolves
upon us no duty of defending Mr. Har-
RIMAN (he would hardly survive the

shock), but we venture to address an |

amicable warning to Mr. RoosEvVELT
respecting the danger that he runs of
making Mr. HARRIMAN an object of
public sympathy. A colossal feat, no
doubt; but who can doubt that Mr.
ROOSEVELT is equal to it? Only tow
much zeal on his part can accomplish it,
and it would be a sad miscarriage of a
sacred obligation which Mr. RooskvELT
owes to Mr. ROOSEVELT.

The suit of the Attorney-General

alle -es as the occasion of his raid on Mr. |

HARKIMAN’S merger that the object and
the effect of it is to do away with all
transcontinental competition. The fact
that there is no competition, that com-
petition between railroads has been
abolished forever by the railroad rate
law and that very little but the speed
of trains remains within a railroad's
faculties, would appear to impart to the
Attorney-Genera!’s contention a pecul-
iarly Roosevelt an and picturesque qual-
ity. This is al) the better appreciated
when one recalls the peculiar claims
which Mr. HarRRIMAN has established
upon Mr ROOSEVELT’s regard and when
one reflects upon the implacable in-
tegrity with which Mr. Rooseve.t has
invariably requited his political obliga-
tions no matter to what capitalist or
other malefactor said obligations were
incurred,

A week before the Presidential election
of 1904 Mr. RooseEVELT, believing that a
large sum of money was necessary to
corrupt the voters in his own State, sent
word to his intimate friend Mr. Harri-
MAN to come at once to the White House
and confer with him on the existing
emergency. Mr. HakRIMAN came, and
having eected what appeared to him to
be a satisfactory understandin :—bargain
it might be called~—with Mr. RoosEVELT,
returned here and raised the money
($260,000) in the course of the ensuing
afternoon. The election followed in a
day or two and there is no need to dwell
upon the magnificent and soul inspiring
manifestation of patriotic devotion to
principle and to civic purity which it
afforded. Such a spontaneous outpour-
ing of Democratic votes for a Republican
candidate had never before been known
in the history of the State.

Mr. ROOSEVELT never permitted the

stain of his understanding, or bargain, |

with Mr. HaRRIMAN to remain on his
garments for a moment. To his honor
be it said that never has Mr. RoosEVELT
shown the slightest inconsistency in
such matters. When he designated in
this same year of 1901 the “selected”

contributors to his campaign fund and |

 

 
 

what were the amounts that they were
severally to pay to Treasurer BLisa,
he did so with the unshaken convic-
! tion that no guilty contributor should
| escape. The very insurance companies
' themselves whom he mulcted in the mat-
ter of $50,000 apiece should have had
; their money back when the campaign
was over if Mr. BLiss had had the money
to Bpare or had been willing to pay it
‘out of his own pocket. This will ever
be recorded to Mr. Rooszverr'’s undy-
ing honor and as a tribute to his sensi-
| tiveness as & high minded gentleman.
Never has he swerved from his high
estate. As well might it be insinuated
that he ever rewarded a railroad because
| he had compelled it to carry and nourish
| him gratis or that out of his personal
, resources he had ever stooped to pay
his fare! c
But we must not divagate.
Mr. RoosevELt's own psychological as-
| sessment and estimate of his relations to
}

'
|

It is in

Mr. Harriman and of his comsequent
indebtedness to that gentleman that the
genesis of this latest activity of the Sher-
Obliteration
of competition has nothing to do with

man act must be sought.

it except as it happens to furnish a
not dishgreeable und competent phrase.
But we would fan reiterate our friendly
warning of the danger of evoking sym-
pathy for the culprit. To do so would
be as imprudent as it is improbable.
Besides, the whole project has otherwise
our unreserved approbation. In certain
well defined emergencies we always
commend the exhibition of a violent
emetic.

 

|
'
The Appeal to the Good William.
Nay, WILLIAM, but thou art a poor
candidate! ‘Tis true thou art a pleasing
and an engaging soul; aye, and of good
weight; but thou art no candidate.
Nature never cast thee in that honest and
generous mould that thou shouldst candi-
date init. ‘Tis none of thy calling.
Thou knowest nothing, WILLIAM, or
almost nothing, of the art of Lying! or
of her subtle sister art, Imposture. Thou
art all frankness and of a chaste trans-
| parency. Nay, and thou gart honest,
too! Never has thy hand slipped into
the treasury, thence to filch the people's
money to promote thy personal profit.
Dost thou pretend, WILLIAM, that thou
couldst buy the Grand Army with wealth
that was not thine own? For thee the
Grand Army would stay unbought, even
if it swore to vote for BRYAN.
Thou goest about diffusing thy good
will; exposing all mankind to the con-
tagion of thy amiabijity, and spreading
everywhere thy unuttered doctrine of
universal fraternity. Go to, WILLIAM;
thou art a humbug of a candidate.
How shall a man pretend to candidacy
that has never been proficient in seques-
| trating the pub.ic property to his private
| uses; a man that can shake the everlast-
| ing hills with the trumpet of another,
| while with his own he cannot produce
ithe simulacrum of an_ indiscretion?
| WILLIAM, as a candidate thou art a fake!
|
|
{

 

 

Thou art the Secretary of War, WILL-
1AM, and already they dub thee the Sec-
retary of Peace. Your mouth, WILLIAM,
| isthe cupboard of gayety rather than the

arsenal of strife the people have so long
adored. Whither canst thou attain with
thy crude ingenuousness?
men’s imagination so that thou shalt

| half thy peoftle and set them at each
others’ throats? How, indeed?

Why, WILLIAM, thou canst not make
even a concession to the dishonest pre-
tence of insidious privilege but thou
puttest thy big foot in it. Thou wouldst
abate injunctions, forsogth, to assuage
the severity of the demands of ascetic
| labor? Nay, but thou art no actor.
| They are not deceived. Thou canst de-
| deceive none. “Honev,” they mutter, “in
| his mouth; but handcuffs in his fool but
| honest heart!”
| Indeed, WiiiiaM, thou mightily dis-
| tressest us. Get thee to the Bench,
|
|

WILLiaM. Brother FULLER, canst thou |
not be persuaded to make place for |
And thou, Brother ,
| GROVER, will thou not relax thy merciless |

this our WILLIAM?

| advice?
|

| Will England's Divorce
} Reformed?

An association lately organized in

 

Law Be

of Parliament, is making a determined
| effort to secure the appointment of a
royal commission to investigate the

existing state of the English law relating :
to divorce and separation, with a view |

to its reform.

There are certainly some strange |
anomalies in the treatment of men and |
women by England's statute law. In,

the matter of absolute divorce the man
is favored: it is much easier for a hus-
band to obtain a divorce than it is for
a wile.
of summary separation it is the wife
who is preferred.
enumerates several ordinary offences
which if proved make it obligatory on
a petty sessional Magistrate to issue an
order for separation which involves all
the consequences of a divorce, except

| that it does not confer upon either of '
the parties the right to remarry. The !

' frequency wth which such orders are

applied for renders it needful to qualify
| the interence somet{mes drawn from
divorce statistics that in England family

; European country.
divorces to every 1,000 marriages, while
in Scotland there are 6; in Belgium,

| 14.5; in Denmark, 21.5; in France, 23.9;

|} in Austria 24.1; in Germany, 30, and

| in Switzerland, 40. In those countries,

| however, there is no such thing as a

separat on by a Magistrate. If sepa-

| rated couples were to be reckoned as
| divorced—as they are for all purposes
except as regards the right to marry
again—Engiand’s proportion of divorces
would become 27.9 instead of 2.5 and
would be much higher than the average

European figures.

We learn that in 1806, when the act

How set afire |
swell prodigious with qualities of which |

thou never hadst one and so gain the |
Nobel prize when thou hadst distracted |

England, which includes many members |

On the other hand, in the matter ,

A statute of 1905 |

life is happier than it is in any other '
It is true that in |
England and Wales there are only 2.5

1900, In short, Mr. Bayan was @ much } 2)

authorizing
issued by a petty sessional Magistrate | than he was in 1996, and in both cam-
became operative, the number of sepa- | paigna he polled almost the entire Popu-
rations was 5,300: in 1903 it had risen ; list vote.
to 7,292 and in 1906, the last year for} The middle West to-day, outside of
which statistics are available, it was | Minnesota, where JoHn A. JOHNSON is
7,681. Owing to a notable increase‘ of | Governor, is incorrigibly Republican.
such business in the local courts during | In vain will the election statistics be
the last two years the belief is current | scanned for a vestige of evidence favor-
that the next published total will ap- | able to the fortunes of Mr. BRYAN a8 &
proach 9,000. This signifies that here- | Democratio candidate. With the East
after in England at least 18,000 married | remaining the enemy's country and the
persons will every year be deprived of | West unchanged, no candidacy more
the marriage relationship and at the | futile than Mr. Bryan’s could be con-
same time forbidden to remarry. ceived by the student of contemporary
There seems to be an agreement on | politics.
the part of the bench and bar in England
that the existing statutes relating to Where the Poor Man Is Barred.
divorce and separation need revision. Secretary Roor of the Department of
Sir GoRELL Barnes, the president of the | State in this paragraph in the “Explana-
Divorce Division, has publicly expressed | tion as to Estimate“for Foreign Inter-
his sense of the faults of some features | course, 1900,” calla attention once more
of the law providing for absolute divorce,

 

dwelt on the risk to public morality in- | Americans are barred:
volved in the separation orders which
they are now compelled to grant a mar-
ried woman if she can show that a slight | »4ve been mentioned briefly under the head of
offence has been committed by her hus- | ey ma snmp ea, es —
band, There is as yet no agreement, | '° 4°®¥ sttention to the subject In Its re

however, concerning the remedies that | breaches of our foreign service and per-

tcularly to the need of more literal provision for
ought to be applied. It has been sug- | pens The total eupentivuse test peat tor rent

gested that Assize Judges should have | of embassies and legations amounted to only alittle
divorce jurisdiction, so that the cost of
the proceeding might be lessened, and | or $06 a month at each mission. The fact that
also that Magistrates who are now em- | any of our missions present 8 respectable appear-
powered to impose the disabilities of | ance ts due not to any provision made by the Gov-
divorce should likewise have power to | e™@ment but to the gencrosity of many of our
grant the corresponding relief, namely, | 4!P!omatic representatives who are willing to con-
the right to remarry. To each of these tribute a part of thelr personal incomes toward
proposals, however, objections have | ae od ee ae
been offered and it looks as if a royal Ambassadors of Great Britain to France and Ger-
nani ae > — to devise | many receive salaries of nearly $45,000 and $40,000
an acce @ plan of reform.

respectively and are supplied besides with weil
The fact that in 1905 only 625 decrees | equipped embassy buildings and most liberal allow-

|
of absolute divorce were granted in Eng- ances, while our Ambassadors receive salaries of
|

land may well seem surprising to Ameri- | °!¥ $17,500 each and $1,980 and $1,745 respec-
can readers, who know that in 1904 more tively for rent we gain some idea of how [poss -
than 840 divorces were pronounced in the bie tt ts for our Ambassadors and Ministers without
. . ® resort to their private means to maintain establish-
— city a New — and 2,350 in ants cxmgadin & ene Gan Gite these Of thee
Cago. : ore are a out as many foreign colleagues. If it le not the intention to
decrees of divorce issued in Boston as in

- - provide for the purchase of suitable buildings for
the whole of England and Wales. our embassies and legations the appropriation for

@ontingent expenses should be suifictently ample
to enable our diplomatic representatives to secure
oMclal residences in the best streets and most de-
sirable parts of the cities in which they reside and
to maintain them tn a respectable manner.”

 

The Candidate Who Won't Retire.

While Mr. BRYAN is adamant in insist-
ing upon a single term of the Presidency
for any incumbent there is no reason
why he should not be a candidate as
often as the Democratic party can be
persuaded to nominate him. For his
desire to make a third campaign he can
cite the Cleveland precedent. It is true
that Mr. CLEVELAND was elected the
first time, missed election the second | is no such thing. Look at that allow-
time by losing New York State and | ance of $9 a month for rent for the
swept the country the third time. Mr. official residence of an Ambassador or
; BRYAN has sustained two sweeping de- | of an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
feata, but the buoyancy of his nature | Plenipotentiary to a great and friendly

It is a proud thought for thrifty Ameri-
cans that a nation which was r ch enough
in 1906-07 to expend $662,898,586 is so
careful of its pennies in maintaining its
representatives abroad.

Governmental extravagance? There

is such that he could stand a third defeat,
as he has frankly announced, out of con-

We are not backing the Governor in a ounee

e

| power!
| sideration for the Democratic party, which mentary Way, but we are in the fight to win.—
|

 

 

loves a winner but seldom is lucky enough | /4¢". H&xssrt Paasons.

to get one. In short, Mr. Parsons throws himself
| To students of Presidential elections perp lhy  osp amend with all - _
since 1880 it seems clear enough that a perament and all the

7 ; assionate si i ier.
Democratic candidate can scarcely hope ” MOLY © courtior

 

to reach the White House unless he! How the mice cheep and run! Is nobody
carries both Eastern and Western States. | boid enough to bell the Pryan cat?

'
| Even with his remarkable gains in the
|
}

 

The statement emanating from Washing-
ton on January 20 that Secretary Tarr had
told a Michigan delegation that he was in
favor of gradually reducing the tariff on
imports of Philippine sugar to the amount
of 900,000 tons annually did Mr. Tary a com-
parative injustice, a3 appears from a spe-
cial report by him which the President has
now transmitted to Congress.

The Secretary recommends that the
tariff! on both sugar and tobacco be re-
moved altogether, with regard to a limited
amount of those staples, duties to be stil!
collected on imports above the amounts
admitted free He argues that “such a
course would not injure by way of compe-
tition either the sugar or the tobacco in-
| dustry of the United States, but that it

would merely substitute Philippine sugar

and tobacco for a comparatively small pa ‘t
of the sugar and tobacco tha: now comas
in after paying duty.” This arrangement
would not accord with Mr. Tarr’s previous
, advocacy of free admission of all Philip-
pine products, and it must be regarded as
a compromise with his own earlier views

West in 1892, when he received electoral
votes from Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan,
Ohio and California as well as from
Indiana, which he had carried in 1884,
Mr. CLEVELAND'S total of 276 electoral |
votes would have been reduced by the
| loss of New York, New Jersey, Connect'-
cut, Delaware, Marviand and West Vir-
ginia to 207, and the electoral votes of
these States transferred to General
HARRISON would have elected him. In
' neither of his campaigns did Mr. BRYAN
carry a single one of these six Eastern
States; in fact he lost all of them by
large majorities that could be inter-
preted only as determined repudiation
of Mr. Brran and the principles he stood
for. It is most significant of the want
of faith of Mr. Bryan's friends in him as
the Presidential candidate that they are
never heard to say that he would have
a fighting chance to carry one or more
of these Eastern States if he should
obtain the nomination again, With the | as well as with those of the Michigan beet
exception of Maryland, which Mr. Bryan sugar growers. Mr. Tart has by no menue
lost in both of his campaigns, they have | abandoned the field to them; he has only
' continued to elect Republican Governors | retreated to another part of the field, talen
)} and Legislatures since 1896. | up new ground and entrenched. It remains
!
!
|

To justify their opinion that his can- | © be seen whether the sugar interests in
didacy would not be entirely futile Mr. Congress will be satis‘ied with his terms.
BrYAn’s friends must claim for him a |
large number of Western States which | FIRE PROTECTION,
have been as regularly Republican since | Way Actemetio Gerimktere Are et te
1896 as the Eastern States which have | stalled In Large Butldings.
| always declared against him. Allowing | To 188 EDITOR oF TRE BUN-Sir: Mir
Mr. BryYAN the solid South, including | (jeorge Eastman rendered a public servic:
Kentucky, he would have 135 electoral | in pointing out again the absurdity of our
votes; add Missouri, Oklahoma, Colorado, pa — of oe ae build

° . ings without providing against the burning
Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Utah and of their infammable contents, A fireproo
; Wyoming, the number would be 140; | structure acts as an oven, permitting its con
give him Indiana, Nebraska and South | tents to be completely burned, as occurred
Dakota, it would rise to 207: throw in | twice i recent experience of Pittsburg's
ion . ae . largest department store.
Kansas and California, which would in- Years ago the New England textile mil!
crense his tally to 227 votes, and he | were subject to frequent fires and conse-
would still be short fifteen of the number | rang re oe pares rates.
j lect, whic i 242, ' The late ward Atkinson instituted a sys-
required to elec - which will be 242 * |) tem of individual fire defence. chiefly through
transfer Michigan's fourteen votes to his automatic sprinklers, whereby ithe fire rish
j has been 80 nearly eliminated that m
column and he would still be in the , ae antacnuvers insure each. other throunh
minority in the electoral college. Thus | mill mutual associations with sucn insignit-
it may be seen how utterly vain would , Cant, josses that the cost is scarcely worth
Mr. BRYAN’S candidacy be urless he} Merchants are lowly following suit ie
> . . . ui nD ufomatic S8prinkiers, prt
could convert the East, which no intelli- the eult y js that moet mercantile and cit
gent observer believes for a moment he | manufacturing concerns are tenants and will
. . pot put permanent fire protection inte an-
| could do. If the East rejected Mr. | other's building, Landlords object to th:
BRYAN there would be no hope for him outlay, which they reason adds nothing to
D ~~ 0
unless he brought about a political revo-
lution in the great middle West, of which

 

ee

uipped.

ihe attention given to fireproof construc
tion might better be directed to devising a
way to compel the equipment of every large
area building with an elticient fire defence
within itself, With automatic sprinklers
within and all dangerous window exposures
protected by metal window frames and wire
giase we might construct a fireproof city.

Frank R. CHAMBERS,
New Yor«, January 26,

 

Magnetic Lawyer.
From Law Notes.
A correspondent forwards the subjoined “law-

the renting value of their property th
are wrong, for the cost of an automatic
sprinkler equipment comes back in reduced
insurance rates, and a building so protected
Cheen ie Be age a8 all. : Foy TA fh ration, costing $100
It is to be noted that Mr. BRYAN made | o99 gon, would never have occurred had the
a very much worse showing in 1900 than | archive? » ihe Parker Building fire doubt.
in 1896 in Western States which are al- | jess would have been extinguished in its in
lowed him, for the sake of exposition, | (=?Hen 2” itd Yher' vlilding’ been” speaker
in the apove calculation. In Indiana | eq
' the Republican plurality increased from
' 18,181 to 26,470; Kansas changed from a
Bryan plurality of 12,269 to a McKinley
plurality of 23,354, and Nebraska from a
' Bryan plurality of 13,576 to one for McKin-
ley of 7,822, while South Dakota gave
McKinley in 1900 a plurality of 14,036 in
place of a Bryan advantage of 183 in 1896;
in California the Republican plurality
increased from 2,797 to 39,770; and in
Missouri the Democratic plurality fell
| from 58,727 to 37,830; Michigan gave
| MCKINLEY 56,868 in 1896 and 70,384 in
1900; Wyoming, which had recorded
| a Bryan plurality of 553 in 1896, gave
McKINLEY 4,318 in 1900; and Utah, which
| went for Mr. BRYAN by 51,033 plurality
in 1896, turned Republican by 2,133 in

VINCEL. DRAHOS, ;

YER.
MAGNETIC REALING.

He has, by magnetic er. produced
wonderful results. It ts simply 4 marvel-
lous and wonderful gift that cannot be ex-
plained by nino’ or anybody oe.-* eg
Rapids Eerning Gast, December 22. b
OMice Rooms 6 and 7 Jim Block,

8S. U. 1. 1883-4. '

+600 08 we we ee ee ee

more than $45,000, an average of only $1,154 4 year,

@ separation order to be} weaker candidate in the West in 1900/4AN ENGLISH MAN'S DISCOVERIES

to that branch of the public service of | to be too close
and infuential police magistrates have | the United States from which poor | cerded she imitates some of her inbabi-

“An Increase of $980,000 In this appropriation is | Closely shuttered, while they enjoy them-
requested. Some of the reasons for this request | #lves in open interiors, pleasant with trees

| gever forms the background of a prospect

 

| in this respect New Orleans has no resem-

IN OUR GREAT SOUTH.

 

‘The Passing of the French Element in New
Orleans.

It was after dark when we entered the
crescent shaped bend of the Mississippi
which has given New Orleans her nick-
name. The city stretches out along one
side of it, with a ground plan suggestive of
a disjointed fan. The waterfront was
meagrely lit and had a blank, inhospitable
appearance, though a flare on the sky told
f profuse illuminations further back. To

i the truth, you will never get a good im-
pression of New Orleans from the river,
either after dark or before. In the day-
time little is visible beyond the long pro-
tective works but a dull desert of roofs
from which a few steeples and skyscrapers
emerge without adorning it The city
owes everything to the Father of Rivers,
but he is a harsh, intrusive oreditor, with
whom she not wish ber intercourse
So far as her front is con-

tanta, whose street windows are always

and flowers. Andon the other hand, when
you have gone a dozen yards ashore
the river disappears as if for good It

from the streets; there are no pleasure
promenades on its banks, You might
forget that it was anywhere near unless
your curiosity should happen to be roused
some fine day by a mysterious moisture
darkening the ground. ‘Then you would
learn from a native with what freedom the
river percolates al] through the alluvial
deposit on which this terraqueous city—
the Venice of America- stands, or I ought
perhaps to say floats.

We had to be warped in broadside to the
bank, for by order of the Migsisaippi New
Orleans has no piers or projecting docks.
The river is narrower here than a thousand
miles higher up—not more than 900 yards
across—and the vastly increased volume
with which it nears the Gulf has toaccommo-
date itself by moving faster and deeper
We were said to be in 100 feet of water when
we came abreast of our landing

‘There was a rumor on board that the
hotels would all be crowded. This proved
to be the case Besides its usual business
traffic it was now the gay social] season of
New Orleaus—that Paris of the South, the
winter capital if not the Capua of a vast
region. Owing to this rumor the passen-
gere bad no sooner rushed down the gang»
way than a hot race began between a con-
siderable field of little Neapolitan hacks.
Then there was no doubt that we were in
the Universal South. The spirited gallop
through the public streets had no Northern
restraint about it, and it would be impogsi-
ble to express the marble halls where we
were soon petitioning for beds by any
smaller epithet than meridional.

The ancient and the modern greatness of
New Orleans are separated by one of the
broadest thoroughfares in the country—
Canal street —which runs at right angles to
the waterfront and waa formerly a bayou
protecting one flank of the orizinal city.
Now it is the chief resort for business and
pleasure of the whole community The
so-called American town opens off one
side of it and the so-called French town
off the other = It is a tangible expression of
what is surely the most remarkable oom-
bination in the modern world of the Latin
and Anglo-Saxon stocks. Nowhere else
with the exception of the Province of
Quebec has this particular racial juxta-
position oecurred in such a definite form
and on 60 large and permanent a acale.
In the Province of Quebeo it is atil] a juxta-
position and nothing more. The French of
Canada have not been Anglo-Saxonized,
nor bave their British fellow citizens be-
come in the smallest degree Latinized. But

dering of the few for the tof the many;
or the many for the benefit of the few
(which is more contemptible), it is those
opinions of Governor Hughes that the vot-
ers wish now definitely to know

Mr Taft has expressed his views in a
has said “ditto”

Governor Hughes shall say that in general
he stands firmly by Senatér Knox in the
advice given last suromer to Yale law school
students or by Mr. Foraker in resistance to
“my policies” the voters will not need more
explanation.

The people of New York do not anticipate
that Govertior Hughes will be with them,
in those important political issues, “as
cunning as fast and loose.” These issues
go to the very heart and marrow of the
Constitution and of the reserved rights of
the State of New York.

New Yorkera have every confidence in his
sincerity and candor, They believe he has
been a diligent student of the President's
annual messages and of his speeches last
year all the wdy from Indianapolis to
Provincetown, and down to that aw ul one
at Nashville on the gery day when the pillars
of our financial temples were beginning to
tremble from the effect of those messages
to Congress and apeeches to the people.
They think Governor Hughes perfectly
conversant with the published opinions of
those eminent lawyers—Taft, Foraker and
Knox—who will be his rivals at Chicago.

If Governor Hughes will resolutely “press
the button,” revealing his real mind, the
voters will “do the rest ” Lawysr

ALBANY, January 27.

 

 

Indastrial Notes From Abroad.

The Manitoba crop report for 1907 gives the total
grain crop of that province as 98,000.000 bushels,
made up of wheat 40,000,000 bushels, oats 42,000,000
busbels and barley 17,000,000 bushels. Trains are
now running over the Canadian Pacitic Railway ex-
tension to Saskatoon, Saskatchewan,

Bomaujee Petit, the head of one of the biggest
factories in the Bombay. India, presidency, strongly
advocates legislation rest ricting the excessive hours
of wore in tue factories of India in the interests of
humanity.

The Ameer of Afghanistan says that the British
Government is within tts rights in bullding strategic
taliways in that country.

Emperor Wiliam of Germany commends the
English dwelling house system as against the flat
system prevalent in Bérlin and other German cities.
The houses even of the poorest workmen. said the
Emperor, have s comfortable, homelike atmosphere,
with an abundance of flowers Inside and outalde.

blanee to Montreal or Quebeo Its French
population has been fat more pliable, of
course. It is rapidly giving up its language
and has long —probably ever since the ruse
of Mme. Délicieuse--ceased to claim any
separate identity in local or other politics.
it has only one daily paper of its own, and
its rising generation is often unable even
to understand the belle langue of their
ancestors. In the city at least French will
practically be a dead language within the
(irst quarter of this century

The Canadian French have made no such

concessions, but the Southerners have
surely gained a sound compensation in
kind for meeting their neighbors half way
(n Montreal or Quebec the two stocks stand
apart; neither has assimilated or enriched
the other. But in Now Orleans there has
been a mutual influence. The French ele-
ment has not been so largely assimilated
without everting a reciprocal action. One
ody cannot absorb another without being
nodified by it And may not this French
eaction be traced perhaps far beyond the
limits of New Orleans, 60 that something
of a Latin origin should be assigned to
not a few widely distributed nuances which
are vaguely described as “Southern”?
However that may be, it is certain that the
| atinity of New Orleans is not by any means
confined to the “old city.” (mn the original
veutral ground of Canal street a Now Eng-
lander would more likely be reminded of
Marseilles than of Boston. And to-day
the neutral ground is everywhere. In the
“society notes” of the daily papers you will
find French and Anglo-Saxon names broug! 6
together in every ime.

The Latin spirit which animates the
carnival and the antecedent masquerades
velongs to the whole community The
loges of the French opera are a common
meeting ground. Bereaved persons of
Anglo-Saxon descent prolong their mourn-
ing after the French fashion; some of them
even issue faire paris, An open garden
cannot be found. The privacy of the Latin
home has spread through every quarter of
the city. An old resident who came orig-
inally from Philadelphia told me that super-
licially at least the social influence of New
Orleans on citizens from outeide was “enor-
mous”; that he bad repeatedly observed the
manner and deportment of a Northerner
losing abruptness and stiffness and gaining
8 avity and expressiveness within a year or
two of his arrival. We added that the
change was quite necessary to success in
the community. In short, though the
French element will soon have lost any
separate existence it will by no means have
passed away

Like ali tourists, however, I was chiefly
anxious to see whatever remained of its
sepa: ate existence, and my first excursion
was to the part where the remnants are
thickest—the * Vieux Carré ”

admitted that the restoration of the battleship fleet
Would cost $750,000,000, with an annual outlay of
$125.000,000. The expediency of constructing a sub-
marine fleet was urged instead.

The Spanish Senate bas adopted the bill dealing
with the reorganization of the navy.

In Persia Bereafter Russian officers can only
Inetruct the soldiers, not command them.

The Analgamated Radio-Telegraph Company of
London and Copenhagen announces that experi-
ments just made show that wireless Poulsen tele-
grame between Newcastle, England, and Copen-
hagen, Denmark, and between Copenhagen and
Bertin, can be written directly from the receiver
with ink in assure a way as with telegrephy by wire

After spending a year In. travelling cast, west,
north and south In the (nited States an FPnelish
writer In the London Times says:*The American,
in a sense whieh does not apply to British colonists,
bas been made over into a new man by the new
mode of life which he has embraced and the new
Government which he obeys in this new land--«
man who acts upon new ideas, new principles and
new prejudices im this new world which he has
made his own « man in whom the climate and
other potent factors of hie new physical environ.
ment have wrought a new physiological type, while
the more subtle Influences of a neW continent which
he has almost to himself, and ta which he has long
been kept practically free from contact and en-
tanglement with the Old World, were producing a
type intellectually and morally new.”

Mr. Trotter of the Trades and Labor Congress of
Canada says that in every trade in the Dominion
there Is a eurplue of labor, Emigrants brought
out do got stay on the land, but drift back to the
towns, With the result that every industry ts over-
crowded, There are 10,000 out of work in Toronto,
4,000 in Winalpeg, and similar numbers in other
large centres.

The Dutch Cabinet has resigned tn consequence of
the rejection by the Chamber of the military esti-
mates.

An anti foreign poster is being widely circulated
in the Chinese province of Ngan-hul, where «4
British syndicate is Interested, urging the people
to keep In thelr own hands the opening of mines
and the construction of railways.

 

Memorials That Are Needed.

To THE €DiTOR OF THE SUN—Sir: In your Lon-
don correspondent’s letter he speaks of the statue
of Sir Henry Irving and says: “He was not con-
sidered an ideal Hamirr.”

Now, here are our two Edwins, Forrest and
Booth. Forrest left a monument for himself, a
home for the old and dependent of his profession,
& grand and glorious home; but there is no statue
for him, Booth left the beautiful Players Club to
‘eis’ comrades and ali artiste and people of dis-
Unetion, but there is no statue for him.

Shame on the prof and the friends that are
left! 1 used to English and Frenoh actors
because when they came over here they sneered
at everything. Now I shake bands with them,
They do what we are forgetting. A few big bene-
fits would fix this; and who would refuse and who
ack & penny In any capacity.

Don't sign my name, hecause people say, “an
old actress wants ber name in the paper.” 1 don't
want Engiand to expose us ingrates with no pride,

New Vora. January 27. AN AcTREgs.

Rusty Cirristopher.

Columbus bad just discoveréd the world was
round.

“Bat,” they sneered. “have you discovered how
to salla ship with a doctor?” .

Herewith the great navigator declared bimseir

 

 

Gideon Welles and Captain Fos. \

To Tae [Eprron or Tus Sun--Sir; Secretary
Welles did not "make haste to summon to bis ald
a |ine officer, then retired, and confide to him the
entire authority and responsibility.” Mr.G. V. Fox
had been In the navy and afterward in the mer-
chant service and was 4 man of capacity. Serre-
tary Welles appointed him his assistant, but never
contiided to him authority or responsibility. He
retained that himself, as every Secretary of the
Navy should.

As far a6 the bureau system ts concerned, Secre-
tary Welles enlarged |t, estabiishing the Bureau
of Navigation—the one having more direet charge
of the personnel of the officers of the service. The
bureau system Is al) right, but the Secretary of the
Navy should be the head, not allowing interference
from aay one. EB. T. W.

New Yous, January 25.

nn

 

“Weed Sh ag lh lt tac sa NAG Al) cs Sih lh cap ahve 8 lin ety

At a meeting of the Russian Navy League it wae”

outdone, 7

 

a

he
a
4

IDEALS OF THEVOUNGTEACHER
ere teem
Blighting Effect on Schoolmasters
Wrengdeing “Higher Up.”

To rae Evrror or Tas Sctx—Sir> 1 se
that the State of Ohio has scared up another
variasion of the now popular and everywher:
Prevalent public scanda!. This time it is |;
the educationa) department of the Sra':
Certain persons at the head of the pub!)
system are involved ip the gossip, |
ot in the guilt.

This makes me shudder more than anything
else that has ever been brought out. | wer:

gh the motions of teaching in Ohio fo:
three hard boyhood winters in an ungrade!
achool, where 1 was supposed to instruct |
everything from alphabet tow aigebdra avo
eight times a day. So I know the absoli-

rt

i

re with which the young teacher joo)
up to parte of the State educationa) mu
ch and what a shock this exposure «

even suggestion of a possibility of sv
picion will beto the same youngteachers. T)
shock wil! be partic larly hard for the youn»
teacher who comes from the tall grass regions,
whenoe most of them come.

These rural sprouts are soulful things with
bigh brows and ideals to match, and to then
their calling is really « calling—a lofty ani!
holy one. The fact that teeching is the on\)
way of making any real money to helpfather
pay off the mortgage and to educate one-
self je only a circumstance. To these earnest
intense, smileless young people (they werr
the celluloid collar pioneers in my day) the
State educational manipulators are a jot of
Cosar's wives. The smirching their cbar-
acters are about to get (despite justice may
prove that they are unfounded, it is at leas:
a amirching of the white ideals in ghe minds
of these clean young chaps and girig from the
country and the villages) will as 4
terrific shock, as a removing of the earth
beneath their feet. it will be, I fear, abso-
lutely demoralizing in some instances to the
young man who has lived a suppressed life.
keeping back the tendencies that lead to
wrong because he felt he nrust be worthy of
the respect of the finer men higher up. And
now to find that the men higher up are lower
down in the mora} scale or are even suspected
of being #0! Things will run riot in the young
chap’s mind and heart, and something will
happen. it may not hap SS © » but
it will happen, for t e peed has sown.

That is one side—the . regrettable side
—of the public exposure business—not that
the man who does wrong and a his
o I wers id go unpunished, bur
o. what a shame, w fan outrage on those
w io have trusted him that the investigations
cannot conducted in such manher as
quietly to remove him from office and replace
him with a clean mi without making it
public. Not for his sake the mercy, uader-
atand, but for the sake of the ideals t
to remain unimpaired and unstained inthe
minds of you men and women who need
to somes in u lusionized until they are more

e.

Maybe it oan’t be, maybe it can’t be. But
it would be better so, J speak from memor’.
‘Lhe State eenes officials used to be demi

gods to me, and something that was then fine
and high in me would have died long before
its fruition if such a thing had been agitated
when I was between 18 and 23—-the average
age of the yoyns teacher who attends count,

institutes and gets to touch sometimes the
hem of the great man’s garment.

The teacher from the country es ally.
who packs his other collar and his nightshirt
and goes to” ‘tend institoot” is about the most
momentous ure known, when considere:!
from the stan point of his feelings and those

f his awestricken folks at the time. It is
unny if you care to think eo, but there are
things about it that aren't the least bit funn:
and that should be considered seriously and
well. I know now that it was funny in my
case, but it wasn't funny then, and if fun had
been made of it and the ideals then growing
had mn knocked galley west the result
would have stood a mighty good chance of
being a thoroughly mirthless disaster—littic

‘om the world’s standpoint but momentons

rom the atandpoint of the individual.

1 wish Luther Burbank could invent an
exposureless reform from which no man
expected a ghoul’s political reward.

STRICKLAND W. GILLILAN.

Caycaao, January 25.

THE TRANSFER OF SING SIN.

More Reasons Why the Prison Should Not Be
Bullt in the Fort Montgomery Area.

To tas Epiror or Tas SuN—Sir; With
reference to the protest of the Sons of the
American Revolution against the proposed
location of a new State prison om the Fort.
Montgomery battle@eld, permit me to cal!
attention to three other reasons in addition
to the one mentioned why the institution
should not be located in that region.

The first is that the splendid Highland
boulevard which the State is constructing at
areat expense along the western bank of
the Hudson is to pass directly through the
heart of the tract which it is proposed to
devote to prison purposes. This road was
described at length in ‘THe Sun of June 14
last, in which issue there appears an illustra
tion showing a wide stretch of country about
the section under discussion.

A second reason why the prison should not
be located in the Highlands is that there is
a growing demand that thie region shal! be
preserved by the erection of somé sort of
reservation, State or national. In the Our
look for November 19 or thereabouts is an
article written by a well known physician
of this city outlining a plan for the formation
of a Federal park comprising about 150 square:
miles of mountain country about West Point
ibis plan bas been indorsed by the American
Scenic and Historic Preservation Societs
ihe proposed prison site lies in the very heart
of the country it is hoped to protect.

‘the third, and in the opinion of some
observers the most vital, reason why this
institution should not be located there i«
that it would ruin one of the finest lakes in
the Wighlends, intrude upon a spot almost
primitive in its wildness, spoil the quaintne««
of a country whore oniy settled parts are
largely given up to mountain farms, as at
Doodletown, a place as strange and up
worldly a8 its name, and exclude the public
from the enjoyment of one of the most m.
turesoue regions along the Hudson ny

It should be remembered that the 500 acres
which include Highland Lake and Bear Moun
tain have actually been purchased, and that
it will not be easy to compel a change of
plans on the part of the State, In this con
nection | would note a statement made in
vour editorial in The Styx of Ja uary 27 to
the effect that upon the land chosen trap
rock fe te, Be pound. ng os Be in of 190%
requires that a supply of such s i
bie on the land selected oe ane

1 am greatiy surprised to learn that trap
rock has n discovered in any large quan
tity among the primary rocks of the High
lands, and was unaware, in fact, that there
existed at or near the potut in question an:
large masses of rock other than the eneisses
aranites. and certain primitive limestones

New York, January 27. “3.8

ough!

 

 

The New National Forest im Arizona.

The Verde National Forest in Arizona, recentiy
Prociaimed by the President, has an area of 721,70)
acres, and |3 situated in Maricopa and Yavapal coun
Mes. It les on the west side of the Verde Rive
and tncludes a large part of the watershed of t))!«
stream. Jerome, the headquarters of the United
Verde Copper Mine, is In the northern part of this
forest. West and southwest of Jerome ate the
Mingus Mountains,

The greater part of the area of this forest (4 coy
ered with a growth of brush without commercial
value, says a bulletin of the Forest Service. The
Protection of this, however, ts Just as important
48 heavily forested land, for, asin the case of sou!)
ern California, this scrubby growth Is the on!y
hing that conserves the water supply and pro
tects the watershed of the Verde River from seriou«
‘erosion,

Thts watershed bas an Important relation. sav«
the Reclamation Service, to the full development
of the irrigible lands of Salt River Valley. In orde:
‘at the rich lands im this part of Arizona may be
Drought to their highest development the water
shed of the Verde River will be protected fro
damage through wasteful lumbering and over
grazing. Many parte of the forest have sufere
from overgrazing by goats, and the protection of
the brush cover will prevent further erosion ani
impairment of the water supply.

LS

No More Head Tax on Manila Tourists
From the Manta 7 ime.

The feature of the meeting last night of 1):
executive committee of the Phiiippines carni:s!
was the announcement by President Langhorn-
that the Insular Government had found a way tr
kilt “deader than a doornali” the odious head tax
in ite relations to tourists. "The news came in o
formal notification from the Governor-(ienerai
that he had approved the way in which Couec ot
Critem Bae conmtucu Lae mew,

The Collector has accordingly drawn up ree \
tons to tbe effect that tue head tax of eigtit pe >
Will NOt be asseserd on perrons going throug) (.°" 4
one foreign port to another, with a stopover tick!
Good for less than thirty days. These regu'at'or
eqver peace all wourist traMc, and remove (i:
Main source of annoyance to tourists desirous vo!
visiting the Philippines. 7