ag OP ne

sae

Ro poe

a
a
4

 

   
     
  
   

 

4

 

SHOUTS OF LAUGHTER FOLLOW
SOTHERN’S STEPS.

 

The Son Revives His Father's Famous Part
and Amuses a New Generation—-Mea
Weep Their Glasses Off in Glee at the
Iyrto—The Play Is a Fine Antique.

FE. H. Sothern from the earliest days of
his career as a star has never experienced
any difficulty in making the ghost walk.
But he waited till this season bef: at-
tempting to conjure up from the the
particular ghost of Lord Dundreary.

Possessing not only his father's remark-
ably particularized prompt book for the
part and the means of reproducing his
father's costumes, accents, gestures, aided
by affectionate memories from his youth, but
also a distinct and delicate gift of comedy
quite his own, Mr. Sothern had every right
and every reason to try at last the interesting
experiment of giving Lord Dundreary once
more to the stage. And it is at once the
duty and the pleasure of the dramatic re-
porter to record his fine and substantial
enccess.

In a sense this Dundreary of his may be
regarded not only as an achievement for
the younger Sothern but a memorial for
the elder. In creating a debt for the
pregent the actor has paid a debt to the
Tast.

And that he has created a debt for the
present the incessant and at times almost
uncontrollable laughter at the Lyric Theatre
last night, when Mr. Sothern showed his
Pur drevry to New York was ample witness.

His first entrance, whiskers, hop and all,
was the signal for a gasp of recognition
from the old stagers in the audience,
a gasp of astonished mirth from the
infants who have been reared since 1881.

In looks, said the old stagers, he was his
father come to life. And then, as his part
began to unfold, as the old jokes and whim-
tivalities flowed forth (and how familiar
some of them seemed!), as Mr. Sothern
repeated the chuckle, the vacuous stare,
the bursting over that inane countenance

ef an idea, all the things which legend has |

told of his father’s Dundreary, the laughter
grew, and grew, and grew, till by the time
he narrated the anecdote about Sam not
only were some men and women in almost
uncontrollable mirth but every one had
realized that what he was looking on was
no mere copy —could be no mere copy~
but a real reincarnation of the part.

“Our American Cousin,” by the English
Tom Taylor, was, as in pretty generally
known, first produced in New York by
Ieaura Keene at her theatre, and Ava
Prenchard, played by Jefferson, was sup-
posedly the leading part. Sothern took the
«mall réle of Dundreary only under protest
and with permiasion to expand it as he saw
fit. That was in 1658 In those days, when
all plays were as free as “The Merry Widow”
is now, there was nothing to prevent Sothern
taking the piece and making what he would
of it, while Laura Keene yg it with
another company. It was production
that Lincoln wag witnessing when he was
sasassinatedd. Sothern enlarged his own
part to such importance that it dwarfed the
rest of the play, and after a huge success in
America took the pieco to England.

On November 16, 1861, he showed it at

the Haymarket, London, and the careful |
Morley in his journal said “There is a'so- |

lute vacuity in the head of L rd Dun’reary,
but his whiskers are, with the help of dye,
in good condition. * * * Theatale jokes
and the extravagant suggestions of empti-
ness . * w
in the hands of any other actor. But Mr.
Sothern has overlaid it all with innumeral)le
ludicrous touches of manners and byplay

and is so imperturbably extravagant that |

shouts of laugher follow almost every look
and gesture. He contrivea in the midst
of all the extravagance to maintain for
his inane lord the air of a well brel, good
natured gentleman, and shows an ari in
his absurdity that makes us curious to
see what he can doinsomeother characiter.”’

Well, all this was moderate about the
father, and it ie equally true and certainly
moderate about the son. Mr.
is imperturbably extravagant, and the
air of a well bred gentleman never Ceserts
him. He has no doutt copied his father
minutely, but he has breathed into
copy the very breath of a delicious, whim-
sical, almost a Lewis Carol humor.
lord Dundreary, if his father had never
played it-and on this point the testimony
of the youngsters is of value--would hea
creation of nonsense at once irresistibly
comic and marvellously faithful to a single
conception.
tart ail the week and Saturday night turn

to and give a creditable performance of !

“Hamlet” is an artist and an actor, and
no mistake

It would be hard to say who laughed
harder last evening. those who were seeing
Dundreary for the first or the second time.
When the lord told AHuddicomnbe to lay all
his night shirts out in a row; when he tol:
Georgina that his friend was “rather an

aes, but you'll like him"; when he
gradually dropped all conversation
and became absorbed in a frantic

search for his trouser pockets; when he
said that he didn't marry the gir! because
he forgot to get up that morning.” or some-
thing”; above all, when he narrated how
brother Sam ate his mother-in-law, and
when he read Sam's etter from America,
men laghed till they wept their glasses off
and the wives of the chain gang forever
disgraced their husbands’ trade by becom-
ing almost hysterical with mirth. If the
elder Sothern was any funnier it is hard
to see how his audiences stood it.

But the play! Well, the less said about
the play the better. Maybe our fathers
didn’t think the play was much. Ii is more
flattering to them to think #0. They too,
no doubt, regarded it but as a frame for the
deliciously nonsensical! figure of Dun Dreary.
There ien’t much of it, fortunately; and
what there is by now has been touched with
quaintness by kindly time, and may weil
be borne, even enjoyed, as an example of
the drama of an elder day. Dun Dreary is
on the stage most of the time, and while he is
there every thought, every idea, is inhibited,
while you yield in contagious abandon to
his delicious extravagances,to the fun that
transcends description, now in the hands of
the son, as fifty years ago in the hands of
the father.

“The Girl of the Geiden West” Again.
Blanche Bates appeared last night at
the Academy of Musio for a limited engage,
ment in “ Girl of the —— eat.”
company was practically game as
appeased at he

greeted by a audience, which seemed
to find ame elty in the play as on
the night of its first presentation.

 

 

Rtake— “use.

Miss Katarina Elise Suse and Alexander V.
Binke were married yesterday pfternose, at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Friedrich EF. Suse, 745 Madison avenue. ihe
Rev. Father Eugene Wilson performed the
ceremony, The bride wore 2 white satin
ger. fully trimmed with old point lace.
jer lace veil was caught with a Wreath of
orange blossoms. She was attended by her
sister, Mra. H. Van Cortlandt Fish,as matron
of honor. The bridesmaids were the Misses
Rosalie Gardiner Jones and Elizabeth Ewing
freak 1» Heiter isted as best man an

d
bard erat sear ea dan Fos

—

would be intolerably stupid '

Sothera |

the |

His |

The man who can play this |

 

SCHUMANN.AFINKS WELCOME,
The

«ontraite Enthusiast!
cally Appiauded at the Manhattan.

At the Manhattan Opera House ‘ast
night “I] Trovatore” was heard by a large
audience which appeared to be having a
season of more than ordinary enjoyment.
The applause was of the most sonorous
sort and it was led by Mme. Tetrazzini in
the starboard box, where Mr. Hammer-
stein’s starbearders always sit, and by
Mme. Eleanore di Cisneros from the O. P.
side. The occasion of so much delight was
the advent of Mme. Schumann-Heink as
@ member of the company. Also it was the
first time she had sung Azucena in America.
Moreover, she sang it in German, and
thus the audience had an opportunity to
revel in the delights of polyglot opera,
which is as rare as it is beautiful.

Mme. Schumann-Heink not only used
the German tongue but she clung to the
German style and traditions. She insisted
on treating “Ii Trovatore” as a drama, and
while there were passages in her singing
which were anything but beautiful there
were others which were potent in their
tragic intensity and some which were
poignant in pathos. A big. splendid, heroic
figure she made of the old gypsy. She
transformed the Little Buttercup of opera
into a Rachael mourning for her children
and she showed what might be made out
of Verdi's shopworn opera by sincerity of

treatment. The audience called her out
eight times after the scene in the gypsy
camp.

The other principals of the cast were
Mme. Russ as Leonora, Mr. Zenatello as
Manrico and Mr. Sammarco as the Count
di Luna. Every time Mr. Zenatello sings
he arouses in the minds of some leas im-
pressionable hearers the wish that he would
learn more about ‘the art of singing with
moderation. His voice is so abundant and
withal so excellent that he might accom-
plish much more artistic ¢nds by employ-
ing at times about one-half of it. Mme.
Russ discharged her duties creditably and
Mr. Sammarcoe was a manly and admirable
Luna.

“Don Giovanni” was repeated at the
Metropolitan Opera House with the cast
heard in this opera last week. The au-
| dience was of good size, but could have
| heen larger. The salient featuros of the
performance were the same as before, and
the largest measure of delight was afforded
by the epirit which Mr. Mahler infused
into the representation.

THE COLONEL AND WIS DOG.

Retiring Board Hears Unusual Testimony
. as to Mental Capacity.

Col. Clarence Deems, commanding officer
of the artillery district of Baltimore, ap-
peared before the Retiring Board of the
Department of the Fast sitting at Gov-
ernors Island yesterday morning to under-
go mental and physical examination as to
his fitness to continue on the active list.
| Capt. Chase of the Baltimore garrison
wrote a letter to the Adjutant-General of
the Department of the East criticising
} Col. Deems, his superior officer. and was
court-martiale1 for it and reprimanded,
besides losing three files.

Shortiy after this case an officer from
' the Inspector-General’s Department was
| detailed to examine Col. Deems, and the
result was the recommendation that he
be sent before the retiring board. The

rounds upon which this report was based
ave never been made public

Col. H. O. S. Heistand presided over

|
'
| the board of inquiry met Richard was
'
|
|

=

 

 

instructed to examine Col. Deeme as to
his physical condition and reported that
| Col, Deems appeared to be in first class
condition both physically and mentally.

 

 

With regard to Col. Deems'’s menta!
| condition testimony of Capt. Whitney
at the court-martial of Capt. Chase was
read. It follows:

“Col. Dee vs hal a dog which had the
run of the beda of the tarracks. He took |

} it with him in the wagonetts along wit! |

| officers’ wives, even when the dog hed
| fleas and was shedding. He seared to
| think that the proper proceeding.”
Capt. Chase's testimeny at that
regarding the dog was Als. read
“{ have noticed with special reyuision
the way Col. Leems caressed his dog on
| every cccasion, either social or official
I have seen him call his dog when his oft!
| cers were standing at attentiot.”
| Dr, Gordon Wilson, a practia'ng physician
of Baltimore, testified that he had known
Col, Deems for two vears. -Uui never ob-
| aerved any eccentricities about him. In
| his pinion Col. Deems was in splendid
| health and perfectly fit to serve.
| There’was no decision by the board and
the hearing will probably be continued

time

to-day.

t
}

UNEMPLOYED {7 ROCKEFELLERS'

Only Lecal Men tet Work on the Estate
—Outsiders Are Sent Away.

Tarrytown, N. Y., Jan. 27.—John D.
Rockefeller's place at Pocantico Hills was
overrun this morning by men looking for
work. They came from all over the county
and even New York. C. V. Hemenway,
superintendent of the estate, was hard
pressed to know what to do with the hun-
dreds who applied for work.

“We cannot care for every man
gets out of work,” he eaid; “we have ali
we can do to care for our people here-
about, and this we do the year round. If
every employer did the same there would
be no hard times.”

Later in the afternoon he said:

“The men have taken our words literally
and they are marching into our woodlands
and chopping wood. Of course we ex-
pected to be consulted in the matter.”

No one had any idea that s0 many out-
siders would come here and apply for work
on the Rockefeller estate. It was never
intended to care for any others than those
who live in and near Tarrytown. Mr.
Hemenway spoke very highly of the local
men he employed, but d the outsiders
were “not suitable” for his work. He was
very glad to give men work, but it was his
first duty to care for his own men, whom
he could depend upon, he said.

Pocantioo Hills never saw such an army
of yaemabres as arrived yesterday and
to-day. Many are poor and had spent
their money to get there, but as only
local men were to be cared for the out-
siders had to be sent away.

News of Plays and Players.

Manager Walter N. Lawrence announces
the final performances of “The Reckoning”
this week at the Madison Square Theatre.
Katharine Grey and her company began
yesterday rehearsals of “The Worth of a
Woman,” by David Graham Phillips, which
ia to be the next attraction at the Madison
Square Theatre.

Arnold Daly and his cgmpasy gave last
night at Poli’s Theatre, Waterbury, Conn.,
the first preeemeee of “My Mamie Rose,”
Owen Kildare’s play from the book of that

name.

Max Bernetein’s latest comedy, “The
Wedding of Bertha,” will be produced to-
night at the Cerman Theatre.

he burlesque on “The Merry Widow”
recently performed at the Lambs Club
has been introduced by Tom Wise and Will
Weat into “Miss Hook of Holland” at the
Criterion Theatre.

Miss Mande Adams and her company
have begun rehearsals of Shakespeare's
“Taming of the Shrew,” the play selected
by ‘(haries Frohman for Adams's
a ances before the faculty of Harvard
University next June.

|

—

Dinner to Profs. Bargess and Leonhard.

A dinner will be given this evening at the
| Hotel Astor complimentary to Prof. Ru-
dolph Leonhard and Prof. John W. Burgess.

Potter will preside and addresses
will made by President Butler of
Columbia, James Speyer, Judge Simeon
E. Baldwin, Prof. op W. Kirchw of
Pa Covembia Law oo] and Dr. Felix

i
|
|
'
|
j

|
|

 

who |

 

eS

 

NEW OPERETTA FROM VIENNA
AN EMPHATIC SUCCESS.

 

lt Looks as If We Were to Waltz for Some
Time If This Keeps Up--Eadward John.
son Brings a Fine Volee te the Opera
Stage and the Others Perform Ably.

Operetta having once more become the
chief export of Vienna considerable pro-
spective interest was centred naturally in
the production last evening at the Broad-
way Theatre of the latest Vionnese ship-
ment of music, romance and jokes—the
whole being offered for American consump-
tion under the name of “A Walts Dream.”

The Viennese manufacturers were Oscar
Strausas tothe music and Felix Doerman
and Leopold Jackson as to the other ma-
terials, but the goods have been trimmed
up a bit for this side of the Atiantio by
Joseph W. Herbert.

A good deal of credit attaches both to the
original makers and to the American fur-
bisher, for between them they have pro-
duced a musical entertainment of much
more than ordinary merit.

There is only one fly in the ointment of
its success. But that one fly there is. In
“& Waltz Dream,” asin “The Merry Widow,”
the musical feature that most pleased the
first night audience and is likely to go on
pleasing many more, was a waltz melody
that, enthusiastically greeted at its first
appearance, bobs up sporadically from
then until the very end.

Wherefore it seems more than Kikely that
nobody will have the temerity for some time
to produce an operetta hereabouts that isn’t
plastered all over with waltz music. If we
might be sure that they would all be as
good as those in “lhe Merry Widow” and
“4 Waltz Dream” the outlook might not
be so discouraging.

But that is scarcely the cass, So from
now on prepare to waltz as you go to buai-
ness, waltz as you go to bed, waltz as you
eat and not impossibly waltz as you die,

*‘f you should be so unfortunate as to pass |

away before the waltze craze now impend- | They Wanted to

ing has fled away before some other craz>.

“A Waltz Dream,” having been stated
to be considerably more than successful,
let's go on to talk of the plot. Yes, it can't
be avoided. There really ia a plot.
deals with an Austrian Lieutenant who is
made to marry a Princess, though much
against his will. Immediately after the
ceremony he declares that a!) is over be-
tween them, and being lured to a public
garden by the seductive strains of wahz
music played by a band of female musi-
cians, he makes love to the conductorette
of the band—somewhat too successfully,
too, for he really “doesn't mean what she
means.” His royal “bride but no wife”
pursues him and ultimately wins him to
herzelf.

This much of detail, because “The Merry
Widow” and “A Waltz Dream” must in-
evitably be compared, and if the latter is
lesa successful in creating and sustaining
a@ romantic atmosphere the blame must be
laid in large part upon the story that is told.

for a young man who marries a girl,
even if she is a princess, and immediately
after goes about telling all hands and the
cook that he doesn't love her and declaring
his intention to leave her at once, is a caa
and a0 amount of good music can make
him anything else. If one must abandon
one’s bride in a “deserted-at-the-altar”
fashion. surely the least one can do is to
manage it gallantiy

Fdward Johnaon, as the reluctant bride-
groom of roralty, made probably the biggest
personal euceess of the evening, which was
an achievement, becaua* Charles A. Bige-
iow as the kingly papa. Joseph W. Herbert

 

TAFT AND THE TEXAS MEMBER.

 

He Promises the State’s Delegation to Taft
and Defeat on Hilection Day.

WasuInoton, Jan, 27.—Secretary Taft
was at the Capitol to-day and after con-
cluding a hearing before the Committee
on Industrial Art and Expositions he
strolled in on the floor of the House and
met Representative Bob Henry of Texas.

“Mr. Secretary,” said the Texas mem-
ber shaking Mr. Taft’s hand, “our folks
down in Texas think mighty well of you,
and while there is some difference of opinion
among Texans as to whether or not you
ought to be the next President we are
going to compromise the matter. We'll
give you the Texas delegates to the Re-
publican convention, but on election day we
will defeat you by about 400,000 majority.”

“Fine!” exclaimed the Secretary, his fat
sides shaking with laughter. “If you Texans
will do that, Mr. Henry,I shall be entirely
satisfied.”

Then Mr. Taft walked over and began
talking to the solemn Mr. De Armond of
Missouri.

Mr. Taft went over on the Seritte side
of the Capitol to arrange for legislation
permitting the two Philippines Commie-
sioners who are now in Washington to
have the privileges of the Senate floor.
He saw Senator Lodge, chairman of the
Phi.ippine Committee and a member of
the Committee on Rules. Senator Lodge
took Secretary Taft around to see Sena-
tor Knox, another member of the Rules
Committee.

“It's no use,” said Mr. Knox aa Mr. Taft
put his head through the doorway of Mr.
Knox's room. “It's no good in your ask-
ing me. I'll tall you right now that you
can’t get the Pennsylvania délegation to
the national convention.”

Mr. Taft beamed on his rival for highest
honors and allowed that it would be foolish
to attempt the impossible.

As a result of the conference Senator
Lodge will present a resolution granting
floor privileges to the Philippines Commis-
sioners.

20 GIRLS CALL ON UNCLE JOE,

Meet the Next President
of the United States.

WasHINoTon, Jan. 27.—A score of girls

in tailormade frocks filed demurely into

 

| Speaker Cannon's room in the House of

 

 

It | Representatives this afternoon, every one

of them awed by the thought that she
was to be brought face to face with Uncle
Joe and grasp the iron hand that wields
the gavel. But the venerable presiding
officer of the House put them at their ease
in a moment, and when they went away
they were the happiest twenty girls in all
the world. Uncle Joe wha happy too.
A Presidential candidate who overlooks
the potent force of women in politics doesn't
know his business.

L. White Busbey, the Speaker's private
secretary, brushed hia hair and combed
his mustache carefully before paving the
woy for the reception. When William J.
Bryan left the Speaker's presence Buebey
ushered in the twenty budding beauties.
And they were beauties. The Speaker's
eagle eye and hie other eye lighted up
with a sparkle of fifty years ago, as he saw
their rosy cheeks and clear complexions.

“Mr. Speaker,” said Busbey, “these young
ladies are from the Martha Washington
Seminary in this city and they wanted to
meet you.”

“The pleasure is mine, young ladies,”
responded Uncle Joe, throwing his cigar in
the grate and taking a furtive look at him-
self in the big mantel mirror. ?

The principal of the seminary, who was
a mere man, explained that his pupils
were from many different States and had

| heard much of the Speaker of the House

as an imbecile prince with a new kind of |

, Ohio, Arkansas, New York, Texas, Low,

stage lisp: Josie Sadler as a stout female ,
virtuoso on the bass drum, and Sophie
Brandt as the conductorett» who took
the flirtatious bridegroom too seriously

were all enthusiastically received

Mr. Johnson, who has sung a good deal
in concert but never in operetts, disclosed
a manly personality and a voice such as
is seldom seen in operetta. On his shoul-
ders fell principally theburdes of the waltz
song, and Y
in rousing style, at the same time pouriag
out a B flat that was a near neighbor of a
B that was on intimate terms with that

he sent it across the footlights |

dread high C. A storm of applause greeted |

his effort.
actor a8 Donald Brian. He ia not even a
good actor, but he is a good actor for a
tenor

Josie Sadler, who used to sit argund
on a bum rock wishing audibly that she
could ‘only get @ little aleep,” ia this time
afflicted with an appetite. It's a birth-
mark with her, she says, and she contrives
to get a good deal of amusement out of it
aa well as out of a duet with Mr. Bigelow
which is all about menagerie love. Mr.
Rigelow ia up against the job of being the

rincipal comedian, which is always a
handicap, but the many persons who think,
he ia funny will still be of the same opinion

Mr. Johnson is net 80 good an |

despite the fact that his wig makes him |

wear a little hair. 7
Sophie Brandt carries off the part of the

conductorette with a good deal of dash ,

and zest, even if she is a little too sure of
herself. And she plays a real violin too
Her song with Mr. Herbert about a piceoio
had elements of novelty and got half a
dozen encores.

In his music Mr. Straus has given further
ground for the betief held in many quarters
that there ia something in a name. It is
distinctly music of the better sort. !t is
not perhaps as dramatic as Mr. Lehar’s,
but perhape it is fair to blame that to some
extent upon the book. But it has substance
and lilt, and last night's audience was
plainly delighted with a great part of it-
especially with the waltz. There were a
dozen curtain calls at the end of the second
act and Mr. Herbert had to make a little
speech. :

The final act closes quietly, with the lovers
brought together and the self-sacrificing
conductorette fiddling herself away to
melancholy lonesomeness. It was too
quiet to please the noisy taste of the “typical
first night audience.” Al! the same it was
pretty. ; -

Arthur Weld directed the orchestra
generally\ with discretion. The cast in-
cluded oodles of extremely pretty girle, in
all sorta of attractive gowns and the piece
was mounied with ina and a striking
disregard of cost. he decorations were
late K. & E. Those who are aware what a
fumigated lady is “The Merry Widow,” may
suspect that “A Waltz Dream” is sterilized,
too, but what matter? It's decidedly

leasant and there's a waltz dual coming.

‘here's do doubt of that.

Something has been said about fumiga-
tion, but the man with the chloride of lime
rai one spot. He evidently didn’t hear
the laments of Mr. Bigelow over the pros-
pective loss of his grandson, who appeared

t one stage of the proceedings to have a
pretty r chance of being born. It i«
odd to think of Mr. Bigelow worrying about
being heirless, but so it was. And then
there was that ten bar kiss of the tenor
while the fiddies went on about their buai-
ness. Well, a fumigator can’t work all
the time.

HONDURAN ELECTION TO-DAY,

Return of Former Residents Starts Rumor
of a Political Pilot. °

WasHINOTON, Jan. 27.—The movement of
many former residents of Honduras from
Guatemala back to Hunduras has been re-
ported to the State Department and has
given rise to rumors of a plot against the
present Honduran Government. A Presi-
dential election will be beid in Honduras
to-morrow,

No definive information regarding the
alleged plot will be given at the State De-

ent, but it is undérstood that the
Inited States will keep a close watch upon
the situation.

 

Then the principal introduced them, calling
each by name and telling the State she
was from. There were girls from Geor, ir. |

Virginia and other parte of the Union. and |
every one of them said she was happy to |
meet the Speaker. When the handshaking |
was over Mr. Cannon said

“Now, girls, form around me in a semi- |
circle, 60 that I can see you better.”

They formed instantly, beaming and
blushing and wondering what was going
to happen next.

“These young ladies all wanted to meet
the post President,” explained the prin-
cipal.

‘The Speaker's eye grew brighter.

“Now, girls,” he said, “I’m mighty glad
to see you, and [ want your support, and
I hope I'm going to get it, but I want to
tell vou frankly that I'm opposed to woman
suffrage. You see every one of you will
have two votes if you have suff . for
as I took into your eyes I can tell you'll
control some man's vote as well as your
own. That's 7 > opposed to woman
suffrage. Now, 't suppose I can de-
pend on the yours ladies from Georgia
and Texas and Arkansas and Virginia to
vote for me, but it did my heart good to
hear your principe! say that some of you
were from New York and Ohio and Iowa.”

“I'm sorry there ian’t an Illinois girl
here,” said the princinal.

“Oh, yes, there is,” sang the girls in
chorus, and they pushed forward ithe young
lady from Uncle Joe's State, who blushed
in response to the nice things the Speaker
said to her. Then the ‘ently filed out past
the smiling Busbey. The Speaker gazed
after them with a faraway look in his
eyes.

“Buz.” he said, “find out how my account
stands at the florist’s and the candy man’s
and let me know the address of that semi-

nary.”

 

|
|
CONSTITUTION STILL. ALIVE, :
|
\

 

Untyersalisis Hear It Is, but Defunct as to
Observance.

The question that Robert H. Roy, As-
sistant District Attorney of Kings county,
proposed to the members of th New York
Universalist Club in the Hotel St. Denis
last night was this: “Is or is not, whether
or no, the Constitution still alive?” To help
out on the anawer he prisented them with
his own conclusion, which was that the
Constitution was still alive and ready for
observance, but that the life had passed
out of the observance.

Mr. Roy began historically, continued
teleologically, concluded critically and
wornd up thusly:

“When you take from the States any
of the powers distinctly reserved tothem,
and when you let the Federal Govern-
ment assume additional power ‘by im-
plication,’ you take from the people a part
of their rights and a part of their liberty.
I never met an authority on the Conastitu-
tion who favore! going at all beyond an
honest interpretation of that document
nor, aside from socialistic writers, do {
recall any authority at all who argues in
favor of such a proposition—except Mr.

“It behooves us not to lend our approval
to any one who would read into the Con-
stitution a greater exercise of wers
than the ordinary sane mind would incinde
within the limits of ita language, nor to
any one, no matter how high in authority
he be, who will condemn the judge who
in all honesty of purpose dec some
act of Congress unconstitutional. Of all
things the liberty of this country depends
on the honesty and independence of its
{ndiciasy and if the courts be influenced |
y condemnation the liberties of this land |
stand in urgent need of protection.” |

|

 

 

Shaw Still Hopes te Be President.

Des Morxes, Ia., Jan. 27.—Leslie M. Shaw
has written from New York to Iowa men |
saying that in case he can get the Iowa
delegation he will be the next President
of the United States and he believes he
can this delegation if the Tenth Con-

district will support him.

 

| lightminded and frivolous.

| note, containing a hint o

 

 

LYRICS BY CURATE VERDER

HE iS IMPELLED TO SING OF THE
GREAT WHITE WAY.

Seems Also to Differ With Another Fminent
Kast Sider About Women’s Cigarettes
—"Songs From the Sluis’ Is Another
Opus That He Has Begun Werk On.

A cigarette
For lips half parted,
With fresh hea!th we,
Is fine, you bet!
Ha, hat We've started’
For lips half parted’
—Loyrics of the Rev. Laniel H. Verder.
The curate of St. Augustine's Church, in
East Houston street, the Rov. Daniel Hugh
Verder, is ambitious to write a musical
comedy that will hit Broadway straight
between the eyes and give him a lower
berth, along with George M. Cohan, Irvin
Cobb, Bill Irwin's brother Wallace, Harry
B. Smith and George V. Hobart, in Fame'’s
Twentieth Century Limited.
Young Mr. Verder likes the life of The
Alley and has a protty well developed hunch
that he oan give it original expression. The
fact is he has written already quite a bunch
of lyrics and light, merry little verses which
would, he says, fit nicely in the libretto of
@ musical piece. He doesn't see any rea-
son why a curate shouldn't produce a musi-
cal comedy, if, as Paul Armstrong says,
it 2 oy ys vd get ve the foorghte:
§ ar the uberta, wk r
Dillingham and Frohman haven't bothered
Mr. Verder with insistent requests that
he get a move on and turn out a laugh maker
before Lent puts a damper on the theatrical
business, but waita bit. Maybe they haven't
read his book of poems, “The Snow Bride,”
or his latest lyric, “The Great White Way”;
at any rate, as Mr. Verder says, he is willin;
to go slow, always with a handful of aalt
to spill on the tail of that coy bird Success
aS should flirt ite wings anywhere near
im.
The other night Mr. Verder went to the
Casino and heard [ron Hand, the boy usher,
beat his hands into a pulp when Maude
Fulton skipped out and sang the newest
Broadway song: °
So | was fired by Rector's,
Then I was fired by Mink,
Next Mr. Sherry
Discharged me so merry
Delmonico’s followed, | think.
Then t'was Shanley bounced me,
Chiids’s gave me the call.
Last week at the Plaza
I got the pazazza
I've been discharged from them all

Whereupon Mr. Verder got an idea. He
would write a Brondway song that would
be a bigger smash than “The Troubles
of a Woikin’ Gel,” but it wouldn't be so

It would he
full of a deeper
the darker side
of The Alley--a contrast, in short, of the
ayety and the gloom of Broadway. At
the same time it might serve as the nucle:s
for the musical comedy he had in mind.
So he dashed off “The Great White Way’:

No monks nor cowls nor any such thing,
Rut steady burns the electric Heht.
No shadows does the darkness bring,
But like the day is the livelong nigh:
Oh, the Great White Way
Is always @ay.
It is, Indeed, a wonderful sight.

arvising but not too ey

They dance and sing on the Great White Way,
And throng the theatres every night
To see the latest actors play
In gorgeous, brilliant costumes dight.
Oh, the Great White Way
Is always gay—
Was ever a place of fair delight.

But many a soul on that thoroughfare
Is lost in ite glamour and its light,
Empty is Jeft and cold and bare
And darker than the darkest night.
Yet the Gay White Way
is always gay,
Yor serpents charm before they bite

So learn now this, quaff but the foam
And leave the dregs of fair delight.

If you do this, though far you roam,
You'll seek agaln Broadway by night.
For the Great White Way

Is always gay,
Where hearts are glad and faces bright.

Of course if the piece is a hit and the
audience splits its gloves and calls for more
there'li have vo be additional verses, be-
cause it is very embarrassing for the little
soubrette or the naval lieutenant or the
young millionaire to run out of ammunition
and have to repeat the same old stuff. It is
extremely girding to one that loves his
or her art merely to do a diddle-de-bum,
diddle-de-bum, diddle-de-bum-bum-bum
step and go clear back to Chapter On
Mr. Verder was quite sure yesterday tha
he could have new verses by the time the

comedy was presented.
It's only by the Greatest of luck,
though, that he has “The Great White Way”

at all, He lost it the other day in Sixth
avenue. It was found by a man whoa
preciated its merit and who mailed it to
the author. If that isn't a omen
Mr. Verder would like to know what is

“You see,” said the Curate, “I was walk-
ing along Sixth avenue with a roll of music
under my arm, Liszt's ‘Hupgarian Rhap-
sody,’ of which I am passionately found,
on my way to have the piece played for me,
My own composition, ‘The Great White
Way,’ I had slipped very carelessly, I grant
you, in the roll, and by a wretched mis-
chance it slipped out and dropped into the
street.

“Here is where fate enters into the cir-
cumstance. My poem fell ounarely across
a trolley track, as | afterward learned, and
in lesa than a minute would have been run
over by a trolley car, cut to smithereens,
irretrievably ruined. What happened?
Along came a boy just in time; a boy who
was errand boy for Prof. Lawrence Matt,
director of an orchestra. The boy picked
up my poem and the music which goes with
it, glanced at it, saw that it_was valuable
and took it to Prof. Matt. That musician
was impressed, so he writes me, and
sang it with his wife, was deligh with it
and forwarded it to me with his compli-

ments.
“I am going to have it published im-
meen I feel that it will be suo-
ul.”

Asa curate of St. Augustine's Mr. Verder
ie familiar with the life of the East Side
and is convinced, so he stated rday,
that there ie much good material there for
the right sort of man to bring out, in the
form of stage entertainment, or
musical co y.

“I have written what I call ‘Songs From

the Slums,” said Mr. Verder diffdently
*but the opus is not nearly completed. i
have only about 100 verses. vy
deal with the life of the submerged, their
joys ae sorrows, their toil and T amuso-
ments.
It should be stated that Mr. Verder
while in college—he is a graduate of Trinity,
’%—wrote many sonnets, aad is the author,
in his riper art, of “Love's Unrest.’

|

    
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
     
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
     

a a

 

Oe Yeaannf Sore

Store Closes at 5:30 P. M.

 

Interesting Days |

At WANA

Cleaning up stocks before inventory.
Last week of the White Sale—Muslin Underwear

and Linens.

MAKER'S

Rare news of Good Furs.

 

The Wanamaker Restaurant offers the finest Table d’Hote
Lunches in the City at 50c and 60c.

Special Lunch Cafe EX-

CLUSIVELY for MEN, where Smoking is allowed. Special

BREAKFASTS at 50c—-and they're FINE. Take elevator at
Astor Place corner of New Building direct to Cafe.

 

CONCERT at 1:30, in Auditorium.

 

All Ninth
go direct to Restaurant.

HELP YOUR EYES. Remember that you have only one

go on straining them until it is

too late. SKILLED OPTICIANS are here, at your service with-

out charge. Proper lenses accurately fitted and well mounted,

at most moderate prices.

 

Men’s $30 to $40 Suits
Made to Order for $25

We have ready today a fine

worsteds, cheviots and cassimeres, in light and dark shades, suit-
able for Spring wear, which we will make up to your measure, in

single-breasted sack suit style, at

values. The workmanship, tailoring, trimming and finish will be
exactly the same as if you paid the full price, and the fit is always

guaranteed. A few plain blue

cheviots and thibets are also included.
Suits that we make up regularly at $30 to 840, now at $25

a suit to your measure.

 

Young Men’s $20 to $25 Suits
At $16.50

About one hundred and seventy-five of our regular Wana.
maker Sack Suits of fancy cheviots, in the newest brown and gray
shades. They have just come in, spic-span-new, from the manu-
facturers, in grades which we regularly sell at $20 to $25, at $16.50

a suit. All sizes as the selling
Main floor, New Bullding.

 

Women’s FUR COATS
At Half Price

Main floor, Fourth avenue, New Building.

lot of the higher grades of fancy

$5 to $15 below the regular fair

and black unfinished worsteds,

starts.

We've been fortunate in finding this excellent collection of

Sample Fur Coats, fully up to the high quality standard which
we require, to offer at these handsome reductions.
good fur making, all in this present season’s most stylish models-

|
reet elevators in New Building
Organ and Angelus Recital Daily, 10 to 12.
pair, to last all your life. Don’t

Good furs and

All at just half their real values.

Black Caracul Coats, with shaw] collars, 30 inches long, at 840, worth $80; |

40 inches long, at $45, worth $90; 50 inches long, at #60 worth $125.

With lynx

shaw! collar, 50 in. long, at ®1 1S, worth $230.
Black Russian Foal Coats, 50 inches long, at #63. worth $130.
Long Brown Squirrel Coats, at 80%, worth $1090.
Light Tan Cloth Coats, squirrel-lined, at ®55, worth $110. /

A number of Short Black Caracul Sample Coats, ina variety of styles, trimmed

'

| with fancy braid, at %67.30, worth $125
at 880, worth $160.

| Third floor, Old Bullding.

|

}

 

JOHN WANAMA

Stewart & Co.
Broadway, Fourth Avenue, Eight: to Tenth Street.

Formerly A. T.
|

: #t 870,worth 8140; at ®75, worth $150; |

 

CENSORING OF POSTERS BEGINS. |
Newark Aldermen, Assisted by Preachers.

Condemn Fifteen “Suggestive” Ones.

A committee of the Newark Common
Council charged with the task of censo--
ing theatrical posters served notice up on
the playhouse managers yesterday thit
in future no poster on which guns,
knives or “an unnecessary extent of ferni-
nine limbs” are conspicuously shown will

permitted to be displayed in the public
places of Newark. Asa beginner the com-
mittee placed its disapproving stamp upon |
fifteen posters, ranging in aize from singie
sheets to twenty-four sheet s.

A delegation of local clergymen was pres-
ent at the first meeting at the invitation |
of the committee and the Rev. John McDow- |
ell, rector of Park Presbyterian Church, and |
the Rev. E. Morris Fergusson, genera! |
secretarv of the New Jersey Sunday School
Association, were called upon to pass judg- |
ment upon the committee's rulings. The
Aldermen and clergymen every
time. Everything that suggested reck-
teesness or abandon in the pose of short
skirted “gayety girls,” and all pictures show-
ing how summary justice was dispensed
in the old times in the wild and woolly West
by means of a rope with a man on one end
and a crowd on the other. desperate fights
between outlaws and Sheriff's possés, the
annihilation of a prison guard by desperate
women, covering the retreat of jail breaking
covers, nae similar scenes, were all con- |

niined,

Jie theatrical men protested long and
low!!y, but without paining a single con-
cession. They were informed by Chairman
Michael J. Mullen of the committee that
Newark had become a “strictly moral
city” and nothing even in a picture line
that is “su tive” or tends to excite the
passions of youth would be tolerated.

The theatrical men declared that the com-
mittee exceeded ita authority and threat-
ened to carry the fight to the courts.

ANTI-GAMBLING FIELD DAY,

Bills to Repeal Percy-Gray Law Indorsed
by Federation of Charches.

A meeting under the auspices of the
Federation of Churches and Christian Or-
ganizations in New York city was held yea-
terday afternoon in the assembly hall of the
United Charities Building. The subjects
scheduled for discussion were “The Race-
track Gambling Evil and the Duty of Our
Citizens” “Immigration and the Op-
portunity of the Churches.” The first. of
these got all the attention.

Michael F. venay cupeines the details
of the “system” at racetracks. Henry
F. Cochrane dealt with the legal phase of
the matter.

The Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts said that the
poprees a8 @ corrupter of youth wasn’t

be compared to the racetrack, because it
lacked the elements of mob pepohoiogy. |

ng |

Resolutions supporting the anti-gamb!
message of Gov. - and indorsing the
Agnew and Hart bills were paseed unani- |

 

Our Improved

CroupKettle

Constructed according to directions of
an eminent physician

Made and For Sale by

Jewis & Goncer,

140 & 132 West 424 Street
amd 136 West 41st &t., New York

 

 

we Pelding ss Amclia
lett's Peregrine Pickle, Roderick Random,
161 6th av.

Joseph Andrews, Smo
PRA’

 

 

 

Washington Society Notes.

WaSHINGTON, Jan. 27.—The Vice-Pres
dent and Mrs. Fairbanks were the gueat
of honor of ex-Representative and Mr:
Joseph C. Sibley of Pennsylvania at dinne
this evening.

The Italian Ambassador and Barone.
des Planches were hosts at dinner this ever
ing in honor of the Secretary of State an
Mra. Root

The German Ambassador and Barone
von Sternburg entertained at dinner thi
evening in honor of the birthday of th
Kaiser, their guests including only the me :
of the embassy and a number of German

scientists who are in Washington on speci:!

missions.

The Chargé d’Affaires of Mexioo an:'
Mme. Godoy entertained at a dance for
young people this evening. Th wer
assisted in receiving their 100 guests by the
daughter, Miss oy.