qe BSAA in Se

Se er a

See

= —- Sen

aa

pee
SESS

RL.

&
ti

ce a | tte eet

SPORTING TALK OF INTEREST

HERRMANN SAYS PULLIAM CAN
QUIT IF HE WANTS TO.

Cincinnati Magnate Is on the Warpath,
Though He May Have to Ge It Alone
—Leading Two-Vear-Olds at Winter
Tracks—Bookmaker Berk in Trouble.

Garry Herrmann, chairman of the National
Baseball Commission, says that he does not
care whether H.C, Pulliam resigns from the
presidency of the National League or not,
Herrmann does not relish the shafts that have
been hurled at him by Pulliam and will make
things hum, it is said, when the magnates
meet here on February 25. Pulliam mean-
while has been counting noses and finds that
the Boston, Pittsburg, Philadelpbia, Chicago,
New York and Brooklyn clubs stand réady
to indorse his policy toward the minor leagues.
If these clubs stand by Pulliam Herrmann,
who was hailed severa]) years ago as the
rescuer of the National League, will be placed
in an odd predicament. But Herrmann will
fight just the same, it is said, because he be-
lleves that Pulliam has attacked him without
warrant. in this contention he may stand
alone, yet it will make no difference to the
Cincinnatiman. At the same time Herrmann
is anxious to have ban Johnson and the Amer-
jean Il.eague men back him up in bis oppost-
tion to Pulliam’s methods, and as Johnson is
inclined to lean in Pulliam’'s direction there
may be some interesting developmente,

. As chairman of the commission Herrmann
has requested J. H. Farrell, secretary of the
National Association of Minor Leagues, to
place that body on record as to the real ob-
ject of the much discussed blacklist which
has caused so much trouble. If the minor
leagues will say that the blacklist really
amounts to nothing and is inoperative there
will be a loophole through which Pulliam
may be able to craw! gracefully. The whole
controversy has been widely discussed, but
the fact has been apparently lost sight of
that in demanding the wiping out of the
blatklist contract jumping will be en-
couraged rather than suppressed. It is
understood that in offering the alleged biack-
jist resolutions J. H. O'Rourke had in mind
a plan to prevent a further violation of base-
ball contracta and that he expected his lead
would be followed by all of the other base-
ball organizations. Veteran baseball mag-
nates who remember the blacklisting of
several players in 1876 for crooked work
still insist that contract jumpers should be
similarly treated.

Jiges Donohue, the star first baseman of
the Chicago White Sox, says he will not play
ball this year unless Owner Comiskey meets
his salary demands. Donohue is one of the
great players of the present day and has an
idea that the Sox cannot get along without
him. Comiskey, however, is paying little
or no aitention to Donohue, for the Old
Homan knows that a bali player's graft is
about the easiest on earth and that even
Donohue cannot afford to let a pay day pase
without being in line at the captain's office,
Fred Tenney, Ty Cobb, Claude Rossman and
@ few other stars are in the same boat with
Donohue, but aside from them the players of
all the bie clubs are showing appreciation
of liberal treatment by putting their names
to contracts,

When the New York Americans reach At-
lanta and begin practice on Mareb 8 Griffith
will spend most of his time in selecting his
pitching corps. He will place the regular
teain in the fleld, made up in this way: Chase,
firet base; Niles, second base; Moriarty,
third base: Elberfeld, shortstop; Conroy,
left fleld: Stabl, centre field, and heeler,
right fleld. This combination will be perma-
nent and GriMith will see to it that there are
nu changes unless on account of accidents
or lack of proper physical condition. Ball
will be retained a3 an extra inflelder, with
Hemphill to fill a vaeancy in the outfleld if
reguired. ‘Ihe club will carry not more than
eight pitchers and three catchers, se.that a
lot of material will be turned over tuo the
Mortieal club ofthe Lustern League. Grif-
@h says that che time for experiments has
passed and that he wants to have his team
ready to begin at a swift gait as soon as the
championship season rhe plan to
have nearly all the old players spend a couple
of weeks at Hot Springs is though?
excellent move, for ball teama that have
visited that resort in years gone by have
alvays been factors tn theiy pennan

he Mets,
this winter

been

opens

races

Benny Berk, a member of who
booking at Arcadia

Grand, who has

has been
nd Jockeys
th the off

‘inh

ialx of the Pavitt
Jucge Hamilton has warned
from the track and has suspended
tonnitely, charging that they have
ollusion, Hamilton also says that
heavily
chen with Grand up
eally left at the pest
Hamilton,
on Sly

t oust

against

the horse

Then, aec-

Berk refused to take

Ben on January 17,

won after his two previous races

had. Berk has not been a member

very long, as he purchased George

on last fall, when the latter got

vith the Jockey Club and was

forced to withdraw

‘4 taken for granted that Berk

illowed to operate on the Metro-

ka this year and that Grand will

o core under the ban, together with a

nober of other joeckersa who have been

discipline | on the winter tracks recently,

here last season under contract

Waviand, but he did not set the
don fire.

when

Grand rode
to Fuge:
turf wor

good two-year-olds have
at New Orleans and in California
this winter Lee Rose, a bay gelding br St.
Avonions Le on ho has won

starts witl much edse, is said to be the best
youn geter seen so far on the Coast. Another
good performer ts T. H. Williams's Apto Oro,
by K Mack--La Palma. Ed Corrigan
has « fast filly in Anne McGee, by Marta
RBantu—Calitornia, while Elizabeth Harwood,
from the same barn and sired by the same
stallion, out of the young English mare
Proclaim, has attracted some attention at the
Crescent Ciry. S.C. Hildreth has a promising
filly in Achieve, by Watercress--Stellaris,
who cost $00 asa yearling. Perhaps the best
two-year-old colt shown at New Orleans is
Marse Abe, by Yankee-—Halo, owned by L. A.
Cella. He has started four times, won three
races and was disqualified in another. Cella
alco has 4 ewilt filly in Lady Leota, by Voter—
Dovecote, together with a bay filly, Arionette,
by Cesarion—Fonsolette, who ts a full sister
to Col. Bob. The Ormondale Stable _has
shown two ahifty colts at Oakland, Wood-
lander, by Heywood—Orellana, and Duke of
Milan, by Orsini—Spinach, a half brother to
Lady Ormondale. George J. Long also has a
eclasey filly at Arcadia in Chilla, by Alvescot—
Sunlight, who has not been unplaced in four
atarta.

beer shown

Local turf speculators had a good laugh
yesterday over the statement that $200,000,000
was wagered on the New York tracks last
year. “There is not so much money in the
world,” was the way several wise men re-
ferred to the yarn. “This would mean that
more than $1,000,000 was bet every day,”
sald one man. “With 300 layers in line in
both rings, each would have been compelled
to handle $3,000. Anybody who knows any-
thing about racing will tell you that a majority
of the layers were lucky to take in $500 each
on the day. The average wager received
by them was not more than $5. Fifty per
oent. of the men who held slates were forced
to quit because they could not pay expenses.
The men who wagered $500 or more on a
single race could be counted on one’s fingers.
Big players, like Gates, Lewisohn and Dave
Johnson. were ail cut down before the season
Was at an end.”

Philadelphia sports are to see a struggle
Between a wrestler and a “ferotious” bull tn
afew days. The last time this sort of a con-
test was foisted upon the New York public
the wrestler was wobbed, while the b fi was

aken in tow by the Crnelty to Animals peo-
ple because he was found to be suffering
from what may have been knockout drops.

Packey McFarland and Young Loughrey
will meet in Quakerville to-night, while Kid

‘ioodman and ° i
Sonu 1 and Matty Baldwin will clash in

>be an |

s
| S seconds

riding |
here, have succeeded Sin getting into serivus |

| Cross

{b. A.

Nick Stoner op |

; Pastime A, ©
from the}

his three |

DAN KELLY BEATEN.

World's Record Holder Falls to Concede |

Handicaps at Pastime A. C. Games.

The annual athletic carnival of the Pastime
A. C. in Madison Square Garden last night was
the star Oxture of the indoor athletic season
so far; and in fact for exciting features it
equalled if not surpassed any meet ever held
in the building. High class athietes figured
in all the events. There were collegiate
champions and world’s record holders and
A. A. U, national champions, along with an
array of top notch performers,

The event which aroused the greatest
curiosity was the sixty yard handicap, which
had as scratch man Dan J. Kelly of Oregon,
holder of the world’s record of 9 3-5 seconds
for the 100 yards. Kolly was making his firat
appearance in the Kast. ‘he nearest back
marker to Kelly was Taylor of the Chicago
A. A., who was on the two foot mark, and he
showed a fine turn of speed by winning his
trial heat. Lrons of the Chicago A. A. was on
the 3 foot mark and he won the fourth beat in
6 3-5 seconds.

Keily started in the fifth heat and got a
rousing reception when he took his mark.
He bounded off like a ball and flew down the
floor as fast_as a deer, but he just failed to
catch J, McSweeney of Fordham | niversity.
who had the liberal! start of fifteen feet. Keily
was second by about a foot, and as only the
winners qualified for the semi-finals the Oregon
Byer was out of it.

Another star who failed to qualify was
Forrest Smithson, formerly of the Mulltono-
mah A. C. of Portland, Ore., who ran un-
attached. Though Taylor maintaiened his
form in the semi-final he only took third in
the final the winner being the Boston boy,
Geary of Fordham University, who had a
start of fourteen feet. Butler of Yale, ran
well and was a close second off the eight foot

mark.

H. P. Ramey of the Chicago A, A., was
scratch mav in the half mile handicap and
with a big ftleld in front of him. ough
the Western crack overhauled his men in
twos and threes he could not fet a place.
The winner was Cari Walther of the New York
A. C., who had thirty-two yards.

The 600 yard run was the race of the night.
with such cracks as Hillman, Ramey, Por-
land and Sediey. When the men took their
marks there were ioud cries for the colored
man Taylor, but he did not appear. After
the gun cracked Sedley was first away, fol-
lowed by Dorland, Ramey and Hillman.

Alter about 200 yards the Chicago man
shot to the front and made the pace, with
Dorland, Sediey and_ Hillman following.
About a lap and a half from home Hillman
sprinted and got into second place, and it
was @ great struggle in the homestretch be-
tween himself and Ramey, Hillman getting
the verdict by a foot.

There was a sixty yard hurdle scratch,
and it was decided in two trial heats and a
tinal. Forrest Smithson, the National A. A. U.
champion, ran away from the fleld. in the
second heat, doing it in 8 seconds, This was
a new world’s record for the distance by 4
fifth of a second, but Smithson knocked
down one of the hurdles and Referee James E.
Sullivan said on this account the record
could not be accepted. Smithson repeated
the time in the final, which he won by four
yards, but again he brought down a hurdle

The trials ofthe 220 yard handicap were
productive of exciting racing. The tirst-heat
went to Taylor of the Chicago A. A., who
had an allotment of five yards. As he
P oughed through the long markers on the
iomestretch he got a warm reception from
the spectators. Kelly was on scratch and
started in the third heat, but though he strug-
ged gamely and suffered from jostling a
couple of times he failed to qualify. Taylor
ran third in the final, the winner being
Goggin of the Pastime A. C., who had a start
of fifteen yards.

The 440 vard handicap had J. B. Taylor, the
colored runner from the University of Penn-
sylvania, on scratch, but he failed to qualify
in his heat. Parsons, formerly of Vale, ran
second in the first heat, but the handicap was
too steep for himin the final. The race was
won, by J. B. Heller, unattached, who had 21
yards.

The suspension of Melvin Shenpard’ robbed

| the 1,000 yards of a good deal of Interest.

There were only two starters, Guy Haskins,
University of Pennsylvania, and T, 8. White,
New York A.C. Haskins won by two yards.

880 Yard Run, Haridicap—Won by Carl Walther,
New York A, C., %2 yards; C. EB. Scheninger, West
Side ¥. M. C_A., 50 yards, second; J Roterman,
Mohawk A. C., (2 yards, third. Time, 1 minute
OS 2-5 seconds,

© Yard Run, Handica Geary.
Fordham University, 14 feet; G, Butler, Yale Unt
versity, 8 feet, second; R. C. Taylor, Chicago \. A.,
2 teet, third. Time, @ 2-5 seconds

One Mile Run, Handicap—Won by Willlam Berker
New York A. C.. 6 yards, J. J. Farreii, New York
A.C, 7 yards, second; Frank N. Riley, Irish A. A. ¢
5 yards, third. Time. 4 minutes % 2.5 sevon:s.,

Putting 16 Pound Shot, Handicap—Won by M. J.
Sheridan, irish A. A. C., 1 foot, weth an actual put
or 43 ft et S Inches; F. L. Onken, unattached, 4 fect,
second, wiih an actual put of 3% feet 3 Inche-: H.
Meyer, Irish A. A. C., 5 teet, third with an actual
put of 8 feet V4 Inches,

44 Yard Run: Handicap—‘Ton by J
unattached, 21 yards; C. F. Seheninger, West Slide
Ye M,C, A... 33 ds, second; .. M. Hurtnan, Co
lumbla Univer . 17 yards, tuird, Time, 511-5
seconds.

©) Yard High Hurdle— Wen by Forrest Sp
nattached ». Robbins ile Untveratts

«. Norturidge, Irish . ., third

-~Won by R. S

Heiler

theoen
second
Time
a Sard Run | y Harr’ I iiiman

York A, C.; H. BP. Ran Chivago A. A.,
Leroy B. Dorland, Pastime A. ©., third

New

second

} 1 minute 1468-5 seconds,

ego

72) Yard Run, Handicap. Won by R. BE. Ge
third

Past'me A, C., 15 yards: C. k. Harris, Pweaiy
Street Y. M. C. A., US yards, second; K. G. Taylor,
Caleee? A. A.,S yards, thir’. ‘Time, 234.5 seconds
100 Yard Run, Novice —Won by George Lane, Holy
Lyceum: T. Chestnut, Y. M.C. A., ancond:
McBurney, unattached, third. Tine, |
minute 223-5 seconds,
10 Yard Run--Won by Guy Hask'ns, Uriversity

| of Pennsylvania; T. S. White, New Vor A,

second Time, 2 minutes 23 1.5 seconds

Votato Race --Won by P. B. Lisa, St. Bartholomew
A.C. S.J. Krug, St. Bartholomew A. C., second; S
Creno, St. Bartholomew A. c., third. Time, 51 1-5
seconds.

Catholic Athletic League Relay Pace, 1408 Yards,
Var le by Holy Cross, scratch, with D.
McCue, John MeCue, @ So Scamitt and bP. Rie
St. Ann's, 30 yards, second, with W. Ringwalde
Wiillam Golden, D. Brongacito and W. Clark: Do
minican, 72 yards, third, with S. Steverwald, F.
Schiech, E, Gilmore and E. Jenkins. Time, 2 min-
utes 58 3-5 seconds.

One Mile Waik; Handicap—Won by A. P. Hunt,
25 seconds; W. Tallen, Pastime A. (.,
40 seconds, second, S, Liebgold, Pastime A. ©.,
penalized 5 seconds, third, Actual time 7 minutes
47 ecconds. A: B. Weltekamp, Trinity A. c..
seconds, finished second, but was disqualified for
skipping

lbree Mile Run—Won by FE. P. Carr, Xavier A.(.:
W. C. Frank, Irish A, A. C., second; J. MeGarrick,
Trintty Club, third, Time, 15 minutes 23 seconds.

Busine High Jump, Handicap—Won by Frank
le, © hicago A, A., 2 inches, with an actual jJuinp
of ect,

SHEPPARD CASE CAUSES TALK,

Athletes Here Think Runner Should Have
Been Suspended on Night of His Offence.

The suspension of M, W. Sheppard, the
half miler of the Irish-A. A. C. for an assault
on Guy Haskins of the University of Penn-
syivania at Philadelphia on Friday night
was freely discussed in athletic circles yester-
tay. Tt was the general opinion that Shep-
pard should have been suspended on the
night on which the alleged attack occurred
and not on the Sr following. The sen-
tence will debar the runner from several
big meets, for March 1 has been mentioned
as the day on which he can enter competition
again. here was considerable conjecture
too, as to how the local authorities here woul
regard the action of the Middle Atlantic Asso-
ciation registration committee, but it ap-
pears that they will abide by the ruling of
‘ps Quakers. James E. Sullivan said yester-

ay:

“Sheppard {s out until March 1, and that is
al) there ia to be said about it. In my opinion
it would have looked better on the part of the
Middle Atlantic Association if they had taken
action on Friday night when the offence
occurred, But they waited until after Shep-

ard had run on Saturday night at the First
tegiment games at Philadelphia and then
announced the suspension.”

Baseball Notes.

The New York Amertean League club has re-
cel 0 the signed contracts of Pitchers Newton and
viade.

Frank Dwyer, a good pitcher and a good um

pire In bis day, is president of the police board of
Geneva, N. Y.

Manager Cantillon of the Washingtons Intends
to play Milan tn centre Heid and keep Pickering for
utllity purposes.

FLORIDA
WINTER TOURS
Ponnsylvania R. R.

Leave New York

February 4 and 18, and
_ March 3, 1908

Round $50 Trip

SPECIAL PULLMAN TRAINS

‘Two Weeks to Three Months In the Tropics,

For particulars consult C. Studds, F. P. A.,
263 Fifth Avenue.

Mime, {

SUTTON WINS POOR GAME

RETAINS BILLIARD HONORS BY
BEATING MORNINGSTAR.

Balis Become Chilied in Insufiiciently
Heated Halli, Act Badiy and Handicap
Players—Final Score 500 to 308, With

i Low Averages and Scarcity of Big Runs.

George Sutton retained the 18.2 balkline
billiard championship last night by defeating
Orlando Morningstar in the Lenox Lyceum
by a score of 500 to 300. The match was
long, slow and poorly played, aa uninteresting
a contest, in fact, as could be imagined.
Averages were made worthy of a second
class amateur and only a few runs of any
size or merit.

The contest became farcical, and the con-
dition of the room was held accountable
for this. There was not enough heat, and
the sensitive balls became chilled. Draws
and follows became very difficult to make,
and both of the professionals were greatly
handicapped by the frigid ivory.

The room was only sparsely filled when the
contestants banked for the lead, but specta-
tors were coming in all the time and the seats
filling up slowly. The place was fairly well
filled when the gamo began. A request for
no smoking was wasted on the accommodating
onlookers.

The bank was remarkably close, both balis
almost hugging the top rail op their return.
Sutton won by a fraction of an Inch and chose
the white ball.
on the second shot, but rolled into a lineup on
the third and missed. There was very little
doing on either side for several innings. Both
players fiddled stiffly, picked out occasional
billiards from scattering formations and
missed shofs by wide margins. There was
some safety play, but that did not excuse the
frequent ciphers.

The score was 10 to 5 in favor of Morning-
star at the end of the sixth inning. Each
man had four zeros. Some of the constraint
fell away from Sutton in the seventh inning,
when he ran 22, getting the balls together
early but losing them on a massé and getting
most of the brief run by wide counting. He
left the. balls in position for Morningstar
but the latter quickly messed up a good
opgniag by sliding through a gap on the end
r

ail.

In the eighth Inning Suttom showed the first
speed of the night. He deployed the orbs
into position astride the long balk line and
nursed them by ball to ball caroming half
way up the table. Then he made his cue ball
slip between and beyond them and in short,
easy marches brought them back to the toot
of the table. Here and there was a well
gauged long table drive. After makina 74
points the cue ball was kissed off on a short
mass5 along, the rail,

Morningstar's half of the eighth contained
a share of the spectacular- finely figured
cushion shots, a dashing trip around the
table and a lucky kiss back for an out and
out scratch. He madea diverse 23, and the
score was 10! to 37 in Sutton’s favor. Morn-
ingstar did some work fm his next inning
that was more ornamental than useful, then
missed a little draw :

There were frequent frills to Morningstar's

ame, and his stroke was pretty as to style

ut not as to results. Force was not effec-
tively applied and wide billiards was the rule,
Sutton was leas graceful in bearing but more
businesslike in counting. His tactics were
more profitable. He controlled the balis bet-
ter, and he worked rmore smoothly even if
more ponderously. The thirty-nirth ahot of
Sutton’s twelfth inning was 4 draw shot of
rare mixture of slowness and length. It was
an unusually slow dyaw forsuch a long draw,
neariy half the length of the table. The sixty-
fourth shot was a two cushion draw from
over the top of the red ball.

In the 80 stage of the run Sutton nursed
the balls delicately on the short balk line,
driving to the adjacent end rai], At 92 he
had them in an awkward position in a corner
counted, then missed a massé4, his seconc
run of merit to end that wav. He was on
the war path long enough to gather 93 points.
Morningstar responded with a paltry 4,
and the score was 229 to 56 in his opponent's
favor.

The billiards played by Sutton in his second
six innings were vastly different from those
of the first six. The latter period netted
5 points ip all to the second six's 274. Morning-
star too had improved, but nothing like
in the same ratio as his rotund rival. Mornins-
star had hard luck in his thirteenth inning,
tie made a «splendid one «cushion shot and
drive, but two of the balls came to a clinch,
and, spotting the balls, the shooter tuissed
However, he set the house tn an uproar with
a superb shot in the fourteenth inning

past the white, clipped the edge of the red

in the corner, then came back alinost straight

tu the white Exceptional individual efforts

ere numerous on Morningstar's part, bit

no sustained counting. Sutton

tor a while after his thirteenth inning, but

} Morningstar was siow to take advantage
of the opportunity

While the men were groping in small innings
the grumblers were at work telling “better
billiards than that could be seen any day” on
Broadway. .

“| hey re playing for the gas company,” ob-
served one active member of the Hammer
Club

Sutton came fo life again in the twentv-
third inning. He did not quite come up to
specifications in landing on the second ball
and had two or three close shaves bv the thin-
ness of the contact. Still he landed and ere
long was in his fourth hundred, He made 56,
and missed a short kiss out from the cushion.
Morningstar in his turn made half a dozen,
mostly kisses along the lower rail with the

malbionte

cue ball in between.
himself up. Sutton made a beautiful gather
shot in the twenty-sixth inning, which did not
get half of the applause # deserved. It was
a long flight along the side rail and a smash of
the second ball which rammed it against the
far end rail and back to the other end for

ition.
borer. Sut-tin,” as the referee called him,
ran 21 in the twenty-sixth inning, Morning-
star cracked a goose egg and the score was
8o7 to 189 in tavor of “Mr. Sut-tin.” The
latter's second shot of his next inning war a
scratch, Inatead of one, all he deserved, he
made 28. Moruingstar ran foul of another
freeze in his twenty-seventh inning-—partly
hard luck, partly faulty man ruvring.

In his thirtieth inning Sutton buffeted the
balls heavily for 22 pointe, making his tota!
415. Morningstor was over 250 behind. He

scratched one in his thirtieth inning, but some |

of the spectators did not know tho difference
and applauded lustily.

The game dragged tediously, with Sutton
in his fiff) string and Morningstar iy his
second. The balls were wide apart and the
counting fragmentary, Sutton missed sev-
eral spread draws, while Morningstar played

ractically no position and could not keep
Phe balls in subjection at all. In his rhirty-
ninth inning he had the referee remove a
speck of dust from the red ball, but dust or
no. dust the billiards were not to be had

nd he retired with four counts. He over-
Grew a foot in his next inning and made noth-
ing. Sutton meanwhile was doing no better,
but keeping, warm by walking to and from
his chair. he spectators were all grinning
broadly over the crudeness of the play. The
room was not warm enough and the balls
were bumping and jumping and acting very
badly, so that the poor shooting was not alto-
gether the players’ fault.

“Say, stop your langhing there, will you?
said Sutton, turning to a spectator. “If
rou were up here playing I guess you wouldn't

hink it was funny.

Referee McLaughlin supplemented thia
by saying: “Gentlemen, you must remember
the balls are in'pretty bad condition to-night.”

Morningstar was handing out some prose
medicine, even if going slowly himself, an
Sutton was up against it hard.

In the sixty-secovd inning Morningstar's
cue ball jumped three feet in the air, lit on
the table, spun around and then scooted
across the table and counted. The spectators
roared over the eccentric scratch. Two
shots later came another scratch, but not
as bizarre as the other.

Sutton made the winning shot about three
houra and three-quarters after the start.
The score:

Sutton—4, 0, @, 2, 0, 0, 22, 74, 5, 20, 10, 98, 15, 5, 0,
2. 0, 5. 10, 0, 13, 0, 4%, 0, 1, 26, 0, 0, 22, 0, 21, 0, 4, 1,
14, 0, 1, 8, 1, 0,0, 1,0,0, 5, . 0, 0, 0, 20, 4,1, 11,
4,1, 11, 1, 0, 0, 0, 3, 1, 0, 0, 3, 2. . Average,
891-67, High runs, }.

Morningstar—@, 6, 0, 4, 0, 0, 4, 23, 26, 8,11, 4,5, 4,0,
1, 10, 1, 10, 2, 0,3, 6, 8, 8,0, 5, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 2, 0, 3, 10, 0, 2,
4, 0, 1, 9, 3, 14, 16, 4, 8, 1, 4, 6, 2, 1, 8, 0, 5, 20, 5, 9, 3,4,
0,11,3,1,4,0. Total, 300. Average,445-66. High
runs, 26, 23, 20.

Refereo—Edward McLaughlin.

GOLF.

Women's M. G. A. Championship May Be
at Fesex County,

Two important meetings are on the sched-
ule, the New Jersey Golf Association's annual
gathering to-day and the similar session of
the Women’s Metropolitan Golf Association
on Thursday. The election of officers will be
the chief business aside from the choice of
links for the chimpionships. Leighton
Calkins, it is expected, will be reelected preai-

dent of the New Jersey league and Mrs. C. L.
Tiffany has been nominated to succeed Mrs.
N. Pendleton Rogers as president of the
women's organization. Hackensack has been
mentioned for the New Jersey and the Essex
County Country Clubfor the women's tourna-
ment. Many other courses are to he had for
the asking and there is no certainty until the
meetings what will be done about the choice
of linka.

Mab ae eee cements nt ln a nein athletes pte

SUN, TUESDAY. JANU,

With |
the balls almost ina line, the cue ball skimmed |

He was prone ty tie}

He counted and got position |

; of Automobile Manufacturers, H. 0

LAUSEL FEQeL

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS

CONDITIONS ANNOUNCED FOR 1908
GRAND PRIX.

Automobile Clab of America Issues Regu-
jations for Koad Racing Contest of
French Governing Body—Maximam
Bore and Minimum Weight Provided.

Announcement was made yesterday by
the Automobile Club of America of the con-
ditions for the 1908 Grand Prix of the Auto-
mobile Club of France, the local club making
the announcement, as it is the only organiza-
tion in this country which is affiliated with
the French national governing body. No
restrictions are placed upon manufacturers

regarding the country in which the cars are |

manufactured nor are makers prohibited from
using parts, tirés or accessories made wholly
or in part in other countries than their own,
The principal regulations stipulate that
the bore of four cylinder engines must not
exceed 155 millimeters, or 6.2 inches, for each
cylinder, and that the car must weigh not
less than 1,100 kilograms, or 2,424 pounds.
The cylinder bore dimension
as follows: For ene cylinder, 310 millimeters;
two cylinders, 310 millimeters; three cylinders,
179 millimeters; four cylinders, 156 millimeters;
six cylinders, 137 millimeters: eight cylinders,
110 millimeters, Cars ready to start, without
water, gasolene, tools and extra tires, must
weigh at least 1,100 kilograms, or 2,424 pounds.
In this weight of 1,100 kilograms the weight
of the oll for the motor and transmission
whould be included, Entries for the race
will cloae with the Automobile Club of France
on February 15, at the regular entry fee, after
which date the fee will be doubled.

or $1,000; two cars, 9,000 francs: three cars,
2,000 francs.

F. B. Hower, president of the Automobile
Club of Buffalo ang ghairnman of theA. A. A.
touring board, left for his home yesterday
without making any announcement con-
cerning his conference on Saturday
Windsor T. White of the Nationa! Association
Smith

of the American Motor Car Manufacturers’

Association and 8S. D. Waldon of the Associa- |

tion of Licensed Automobile Manufacturers
regarding rules tor the 1908 A. A. A, tour.

Harvey Granger of the Savannah Auto-
mobile Club and a member of the citizens
race committee, who is now in this city, re-

| ports that there is great enthusiasm over
| the stock car races in his home veiiy. He
says that the Savannah line of steamers has

agreed to make a rate of 28% cents per 190
pounds for lots of five cars trom New York
to Savannah for either racing or touring
cars. Arrangements are now being made to
secure excursion rates for a from
New York, Boston, Philadelphia and Balri
more of one and one-third fare for the round
trip. The grand stand will accommodate
from eight to ten thousand spectators, and
there will be 150 boxes, to be sold at $50 each.
There will be parking spaces for 1,000 cars.
It has been decided torun all three of the
events over the larger course, the one which
is eighteen miles around.

Arthur R. Hirst, highwav engineer for the
State of Wisconsin, makes the following sug-

gestions on how to improve sandy roads: |

“Wisconsin has many miles of sandy roads.
The wetter they are kept the better they are.
‘They should be made either flat or lower in
the centre than at the sides and trees and
underbrush should be allowed to grow as
near the road as possible, as they help retain
the moiastare. For temporary improvement
of sandy roads a layer of cut straw, leaves,
shavings or any material that will accumulate
and retain moisture and
to the wheels is of benefit, but for a semi-
permanent improvement clay should be mixed
with the sand in proper proportions. In pre-
paring the sand road {rr the c'ay give it ® ape
so when the clay is add d it will nave acrown

Having crowned the road. the clay ehould
be spread upon it toa depth of from 6 to 8
inches in the centre and tapering to 2 or 3
inches on the sides. Usually 14 feet is a
sufficient total width. _ Each load of clay as

soon asitis copes dshould be spre devenly |

before being driven over. It should then be
covered with a load of clean sand from the road-
side and ploughed and harrowed alternately
until the lumps in the clay have been broken
up. The making of a satisfactory sand clay
road is a alow process and must be watched
carefully for some weeks alter adding the
clay to see there is just the right proportion
of sand and clay mixed. The cost of sand
clay roads is entirely dependent on the cost
of delivering the clay. or a mile of road
14 feet wide, 6 inches deep at the centre, de-
creasing to 2 inches at the sides, there will be
csaalved about 900 cubic yards of loose clay.
The cost of spreading, shaping, harrowing
and rolling would be about $150 per mile, as
I estimate it in my figuring.”

Some people are so extremely old fash-
toned that if they could go back to the stone
age they would, says .tufomobdile Topice.

ancy such silly talk about automobiles as
was indulged in the other day by a Penn-
sylvania company which wants toll charges
for other vehicles, but bars automobiles on
the plea that it is a private road: “Automo-
biles have only come into use in recent years
and are by few people in comparison
with the great number who use vehicles
drawn by horses: that automobiles by reason
of their great speed and alarming noises are
extremely dangerous to the travelling pub-
lic, and their use on the turnpike is fraught
with great danger to travellers. The very
apt reply made was that the reasons given
were irrelevant and immaterial, and like-
wise impertinent, The truth of the matter
is that automobilists are looked upon as be-
ing possessed of few rights that other road

users need respect. :

If they can be logalt kept off certain high-
ways it is done; [f they cannot, they are
charged two or ehree times as much toll as
other vehicles, or they are taxed and tagged
and harried from pillar to post, all in the en-
deavor to “put them out of business.” One
of the moat serious tendencies is the growing
one of gn hy motorists to pay for the
upkeep of roads. Sometimes it is contended
that automobiles inflict most damage on
highways and consequently should poy, all
the cost of repairing them; again, the bold
claim is made, that as good roads are for
automobilists and the latter are their great-
est users, that is reason enough why they
should pay for them. A stand has to be made
some time, and it is getting near the point
when it can’t be put off any longer.

According to figures from the records in
the office of the jana Secretary of State
motor cars are selling at the rate of about
four a day in the Hoosier @tate. Since the
new motor vehicle law went into effect in
Indiana 5,156 automobiles have been reg-
istered with the Secretary of State.

Those who have had difficulty in holding
jeces under repair tight in a vise withou
ving vise marks, Ww are ineflaceabie

7 a , ‘

limits are |

The |
entry fee is as follows: One car, 5,000 frances, |

with |

offer some resistance }

-
iS ™

ws

RY 28. 1908"

_ A Vogel Brothers
Tuxedo Coat Is the
Best You Can Buy

A visit to our store will readily
prove it. The assortment is the
most complete in this city—the
prices are $13.50, $16.50, $17.50,
$19, $20, $25, $27 and $30—and
sizes for every man at each price.

The clever designing and expert
tailoring place these Dinner Coats

on a par with the most exclusive
custom tailor’s. And these are
the reasons why we sell so many

Tuxedos.
We draw special attention to
our Tuxedo Coats

at $13.50

Elegantly tailored Tuxedo coats, made
of a soft, firm black Thibet, fashioned in
the new silk to edge lapel style. The
front closes with one button and the
back is gracefully shaped at waist. The
price is very special at $13.50.

Broker

424 Six AY BAne

Lad

on finished work, should have two pieces of
harness leather cut to the size of the vise and
bent over it so as to rest against the vise
jaws end to hold in position. The leather
aoe rere the jaws from cutting into the
wood or iron and will hold the pieces suffl-
ciently tight to finish them. or heavier
work, where it is required to apply more
pressure in order to obtain a better grip, the
common oft brass or lead jaws are more
suitable.

RACING AT NEW ORLEANS.

Close Finish Between First Premium, 1 to
7, and the Outsider, Lacky Mose.

New ORLEANS, Jan. 27.—To the surprise

of the public at City Park to-day the seven
furlong handicap produced a rousing finish
between Fuller's First Premium, the 1 to 7
favorite, and Lucky Mose, the extreme out-
sider. Lucky Mose slipped through on the
rail and forced the Fuller sprinter to a hard
drive in order to beat him a length.
_ Kennedy had the mount on Cant. Jarreil
in the steeplechase and carried McAllister,
the even money favorite, out of the course,
and in doing so Kennedy's leg struck the
wing and was broken. But four of the nine
starters finished, with Dacra, a 9 to 1 chance,
getting the verdict.

Hans and Notter made a winning combina-
tion in the sixth, and Doubt's victory in the
last race was attributed to the good horse-
| manship of Notter.

First Race—Three furlones—Nasturtia, 110 (8. L.
Smith), 7 to 2, won: Mv Lady Frances, 105 (V. Pow-
ers), 17 to 1, second: Lillian Ray, 107 (J, Lee), 17 to 1,
third. Time, 35 4-6. Pauline Purcell, Nebraska
Lass, Lady Chilton, Molly Stark, Lady Psyche,
lena Lech, Miss Hapsburg, Kuscana and Helen
Kidder also ran.

Second Race—Stee plechase: short course —Dacra,
130 (Pending), ® to 1, won; Mixup, 128 (Masnada),
13 to 1, second; Jim Hutton, 159 (Garic), 20 to 1}.
third. Time, 3:08 3-5,
also ran. MeAllister and Captain Jarrell ran out.
Gault and Woodsing fel!

Third Race--Five furlones--Prince Ahmed, 108
©, Koerner), 7 to 2, won: Robin Hood, 18 WJ, Lee),
“) to 1, secund; Toy Boy, 106 ‘Notter), even,
third. Time, 1:01. Shipwreck, Minos, Prowler.
Wid Irisiman, Oonoomoo, lodustrious, Momentum,
Mollle Montrose and Morales also ran,

Yourth Kace—Hindicap; seven furlones—First
Premium, 117 (Notter), | to 7, won; Lucky Mose, 100
(Fiynn), 3 to 1,-second; Hanbridge, 93 ‘Duber),
6tol third. Time,1:293-5. Jersey Lady also ran.

Fifth Race-—Six furlongs—Heart of Hyacinth,
106 (Muleahey>, 12 to 1, won; Come On Sam, 116
J. Lee), 2 ig.1, second; Bonart, 107 (McDaniel), 5 to
1, third, Time, 1:15 4-5. Hadur, Fusilade, Mar
tius, King brush, Sheen, Allowmaise, Alsono, Idalo,
Monere, Russell T., Gracchus and Cull also ran,

Stath Race—Seven furlonws--Hans. 105 iNotter),
16 to 5. won; Jennie's Beau, 105 (McDaniel),
serond: St. Harto, 07 (W. Ort), 4to 5, third. Time.
3-5. Banrida, Pat Ornus, Bridge Whist, Lew
of Dawn and Goldquest atso ran

Seventh Race-One mile and an e'ghth—Doubt
1 | Notter), 18 to 5. won: Beau Brummel. 107 «J.
Lee). 4 to 1, second: Tivolint, 105 (McDaniel), 5 to 1,
third Time, 1554-5. ULonna, Lady Alicia and St.
Bellaue also ran,

New Orleans Entries for To-day.

First Race~Three furlonges-—Rorage, 107: F
Gtiard Alleen, 107; Swiftly, 107: George ots 4
107: Nelile Free, 107; Concise, 110;
Tony S ,*% Little Mose, lle
Secon Race--Steeplechase. short course--
Biuster, 130; Monte Carlo, 133; Reveille, 1s: Weber
felds, 135; Onys T1., 135; Dr. Logan, 141: Itacatl
ara, 142; Coal Black Lady, 151; Buckman, 137
at. Volnia, 10: John Dillon, 159. ;
Third Race--Six foriongs—Mai 105;
Fdith M., 205; Elatne f aren to aren
SOUUs, 100s The Composer, 07;
om McAfee, 107: Royal Boud, 107; Jerry Shar
107; Lightburn. 108; Profane, 110: Morning Light
une, Jim elu. 110: Marsh Redon, 110
ourth Race - Handicap: one mile and asi
G Mate, 100; Maxnar, 1%; Pedro, ibe Carthece.
110: Vid Honesty, 113; Tokalon, 118: Juggler, 126."
rifth Race--Six furlongs--Clare Russell, 105:
Loring, 105; Animus, 107; Diebold, 107; Fred Mul,
holland, 107; Gild, 107; Jack Bratton, 107; Land
| Breeze, 110; Prince Hohenlohe, 119 Gambrinus
110; Fintall, 110: Western Duke, 110: Ananias, 118
King ( ole, 113; Braden, 113. - r
Sizth Race—Sellin seven furlonges-—S. s,
®; Rustle, 05: Miss Sapa, oS; Ethel og 00:
Javotte, 100; Bucket Brigade, 101; Estella ©., 103:
Apple Toddy, 14; Padrone, 10%; F. T Shipp, ine
| Ketchermntike, 105; Bitter Sir, 105; Hebel Queen, 105
Severus, 106: Variety, 106. ‘ r
Seventh Kace--Scliing; one mile and three six
teenths—-Sister Polly, #2: Milshora, 9°: Fifal!. 94
‘Tern’s Rod, 97; Daring, 100; Knight of Ivanhoe, 100
Cull, 102; Crafty, 192; cirenade, 102: Aagesan,’ 105.
| Loulse Mackarlan, 105: Creel, 107; Jobn McBride,
107; Savior Faire, 107; Paul, 107, o

MeNally, 110;

Gane Bird. 107;

CHESS.
Cable Match With Great Britain Will Be
Plaved in March or Aprt).

Arrangements lave been consummated
whereby the use of the Atlantic cables will
be assured.to the Brooklyn and City of Lon-
don chees clubs on two consecutive business
days for the annual match by cable between
America and Great Brituin. The only stipula-
tion made is that the match be played either
in March or April.’ It is hoped on this side
that the dates may be fixed early in March
in order to enableg’, J. Marshall to play for
America before leaving for Vienna. The
British players will be stationed in the Hote!
Savoy on the Thames embankment.

Reports from the otber side announce the
death in St. Petersburg on Sunday of Michael
Iwanowitsch Tachigorin, one of the foremost
| figures in the world of chess for the last quar-
ter of a century and one of the regular par-

ticipants in international tournaments. He
tied for the first and second prizes in the
Sixth American Chess Congress. held in New
York in 188%. Inthe playoff with Max Weiss
of Vienna the result was again a tie, all four
games played by them being drawn. In

19%4 he visited America again and played in

the international congress held at Cambridge
Springs, Pa. Here, however, hé did not
win «a prize. TTeehigorin contested two
matches with the late William Steinitz for

| the world’s championship. Roth took place
in Havana. In the tirst,in 1889. Steinitz won
by 10 games to 6. and in 1892 by luto 2. An-
other match at Havana in 1890 againat Isidor
Gunsberg resulted in a tie at nine games each,
with five drawn. His chief successes, aside
from those mentioned were first prizes in
the masters’ tournament at Budapest and
in the gambit tournament at Vienna. The
deceased was born in St. Petersburg on Oc-
tober 31, 1850.

Meter to Coach Princeton Baseball Team.

Princeton, N. J,, Jan. 27.—-It waa an-
nounced here to-night that Arthur E. Meier,
better known as Dutch Meier, has been
engaged as head coach of the Princeton
baseball team this season. When in college
during the season of 1001 Meier knocked out
nine home runs. He was a powerful slugger,
and since then has made good in the out-
field with the Pitteburg Nationals, The
new coach will arriva in the latter part of
February. The aqu will be called out at
that time for practice in the cage.

Billiard Gossip.

At the Knickerbocker Academy in Brook-
lyn last night M. B. Hull won from C, E.
Dunn in the 14 inch balkline junior tourna-
ment by a score of 200 to 122. Hull made a
bigh run of 21 and averaged 2 38-81. Dunn's

| average was 1 52-8) and his high run 17.

J. ¥. Poggenberg will play against Charlies

this evening st igiech belbiine’ ‘Recaeabeny
ne,
will piay 400 to White's 275. Sear ae

ene iaiiancinmet emia SSS cee ES

Waterway and Jackson Day !

izto1, |

Dillon, |

105: Rose Marton, 105: Eutre |

| PRINCETON VS. SWARTHMORE. |
To Meet on the Gridiron Next Fall—Coach |
Yost Involved In Lawsuit Over Football Book

| fall with Brown on October 17, with Carlisle

Th THE ORIEN

lente

nage wy

pomenrenmnenesns ra rrrvarnent ne nana a See

Sok“

is at his merriest,
jolliest best right
now in

Why not take a trip out
there this Winter? For
booklets on California
write

R. TENBROECK, Gon.E.Agt.
207 Groadway, Now York

AUTOMOBILES.

PRPRPAARAA PAPILLA FLLLLLPIII AAA AAAA RAR

You want a motor-car.
Not a white elephant.

You want to go anywhere any time, speedily, safely
and comfortably without fuss or needless expense.

You want all the power you can use, and plenty of
room but not useless power to waste and to pay for;
nor excessive weight tlfat only makes operating cost.

Franklins are powerful, capacious and full of style;
and the strongest, most’ comfortable of automobiles;
but they have no useless over-weight; no heavy com-
plicated plumbing; no stiff steel frame to jar the
passengers and interfere with power.

They give you all you want without making you
pay for -vhat you don’t want. r

We are ready to show you if you'll let us.

Franklin Automobile Co.
Broadway, Amsterdam Ave. & 73d St.

‘V PER, SIX-CYLINDER
LIMOUSINE, 65,200

‘

ee ene

Not only has Swarthmore turned Gown 4
million or two dollars rather than abandon
intercollegiate football but that college is

branching out in the gridiron sport. A game
has been arranged with Princeton for Octo- |
ber 17 next, to be played in Princeton , k, his Alien-Ki Kin eae
makes three new tears the ‘ligers will have ‘on. s.en-niugsion = otor Car Co

on their next football schedule, the two | Alen ngston ‘ sath St. Tel. 1400 Rrvant.
others being Springiield Training School and |

Fordham, the Pennsvivania-Swarthmore | AM. LOCO. MOTOR CAR voor “Fel ston Gon”

foot ball date has been moved along two weeks scubiiaiicaaisimemetiiees
AUTOCAR Auwear Sales Co, B'way & Stn St
Phone Ws Kiver.

to October 31. Swarthmore is not to play
Cornell this year and is contemplating a two-
RE Hh bakin id hh 5
| BABCOCK _ @bcock biwetric | arriage Co.,
’ wry cor.44th at. Phone 52464 Rryaut

year agreement with Dartnrouth Swarth-
BAKER weaker Motor Venicle Co. of N. Y
1700 B'way. Tel. 2830 Col.
<aNEENE ONES

DIRECTORY

. BE Te “
ACME on ates Ste ee Te NR ihren

teains named, games with Lafayette, Dickm
son, Bucknell, Gettysburg, Villanova aud
either West Point or Annapolis

more’s schedule will include, besides the
Pennsylvania has arranged genes for > fins

ett ee oa
4 CADILLAC GEU. J. UKOSS WAN,
on October 24, with Swarthmore on October 31 sane HO R'way, corner hist at

with Lafayette on November 7, with Michigan | CLEMENT-BAYARD & APPERSON

on November 14, with Cornell on November 26 | set :
aud probably with Pennsylvania State on SIDNEY #. BOWMAN AUTO CO,
225-221 West 49th St.. New York

Uctober 10,
imPORTED CARS,

Coach Yost of the University of Michigan faeces
DEMAREST A. T. &
238 Sth Ave.

is mixed up in a@ lawsuit in which his book,
A. L. KULL AUTOMUBILE CO.

onal for glare? pad Spectater. euts «
gure. Last Friday Yost appeared in court DRAGON

= 1677 Broadway. Tel. 49% Col
FIAT THE HOL-TAN CO.,

as one of severa! defendants, the suit having
244-280 W. 40th St. Phone 2606 Bryan‘.

been brought by an advertising firm that
MAM VOTH GAKAGE CO.,
“LER CO.. Motor Mart. 42d at. ano
FRAYER-MILLER Bway. Tel. 2891 Columbus

seeks to collect for exploiting the book. Yost
objects to being made a party to the suit
e
White Plains, N. ¥
penal ntact ch: SEM ALE hh i
HAYMES HAYNES AULUOMOBILE CO.,
wes 1715 Broadway. Phone 146 Columbus

declaring that the only role was to fill

was to draw royalties. Heston, a former
erack foot ball player at Michigan, and Shields,
THE HOL-TAN COMPANY,
HOL-TAN 244-250 W. 40th St. Phone 2408 Brvar:

# one time crack baseball plaver at the same
ames
WOTCHRISS <2rniswar Fel de Biren.”

institution, are on opposite eides in the legal
scrimmage. According to a friend of Yost,
ITAL 4 ITALA IMPORT CO.,
41 W. Sith st. & 335 Sth av.

Hurry Up lost about $1,200 in the book venture.
preodeny LOPES MOTRE 25 ca
MOTOHELL i heecaned. RE. Shas Bou
OBA srosewes for car i. mas on
MATIOWAL sm wowttia oe ae.
QUINBY J. M. & CO, >!™>\ex,Pandara Renan
RAIWIER eee xt ee co.,

CLARK’S CRUISE OF TH: “ARABIC”
ee ae

February 6 to April 17, 1908.
Seventy days, costing only $400.00 and
up, including shore excursions. SPECIAL
FEATURES: Madeira, Cadiz, Seville, Al-

ers, Malta, 19 Days in Egypt and the
rot a aaa Co et ens oom,

e era, eto. T OuN
WORLD. saplitrte

40 TOURS TO EUROPE

most comprehensive and attractive ever
offered.

F.C. CLARK, Times Ridc.. Yew Vork

LCE SS eT AE

10c. CICAR

Actual increase for past twely

Million. Two handred T moaths, Two

HORSES AND CARRIAGES.

a area eee”
RAMBLER WMA 2 RULE,
REWAULT "5 asia a er "Ps les
REO & PREMIER V0) ons SOs
ROLLS-ROYCE jw2is;8orce impor. co. /
ROYAL TOURIST {;..4, "<r" $13 hive:
Stoddard-Dayton “o*4rzy 203 97m sree:
a
Ww IRC ’
SEAR WS ee ESS S PARTING
<asudanetetaitasinneneumpmenmmmmmunemmnmanmn naan cess
et = MIDWINTER THOMAS Ta omocel Meee: sib Clisee ev,
WHITE CO.. Broadw aa
AUGT WHITE Pion tar bee & ©
ION Al AUTO BARGAINS
Opens To-day at Pe ag he - Arrows, Ih $.
Madiscn °g. Garden | Flyers, | Logters, Fackarda, ‘itemebins ve
cue pao | lends, Teens, ‘edillacs, Corbins, Autor «
NS DAYS AND ya ourlsts, Ralnlers, Pope-Hartfords

EVENINGS, 200 unusual opportunities at low Dp ’
Sesien dee LEARING SALE OF ACTO BODIES
Evening Session

va. Bway hut Ex, 239-245 W. 61h St