aa

  
 
     

—_—
—

VOI, LXX.—NO, 294,

 

 

POSTAL THIEVES ORGANIZED,

EVIDENCES OF A SYNDICATE TO
LEVY BLACKMAIL.

 

The Rake-Off on All Contracts for Supplies
Fixed at 40 Per Cent.—Investigators
AfteraGang That Operated for Years
—Go-Betweens Distributed the Cash.

WASHINGTON, June 20.—The most startling
feature of the postal service scandals which
are now engaging the attention of high
officers of the Post Office Department
is the growing belief that the irregularity
and criminality which have been disclosed
are not simply the result of a tendency
toward personal gain, but are due to the
operations of an organized scheme of graft.
This is the first time that an {otimation of
this character has been made, but, accord-
ing to excellent authority, the reasons for
such a belief are sound and the actual proof
that such a syndicate or system existed
{s piling up day by day as the inquiry
progresses.

The attention of the investigating au-
thorities was first attracted by the fact
that the prevailing rake-off on depart-
mental contracts was 40 per cent. Former
Superintendent of the Free Delivery Di-
vision Machen is charged with having re-
ceived 40 per cent. of all sales to the Govern-
ment of the patent fastener used on atreet,
letter boxes, Charles McGregor and C, Ells-
worth Upton, two of Machen’s subordinates,
are charged with having received 40 per
cent. on sales of rural free delivery mail
pouches to the Government. Other officers
of the Poet Office Department, who will soon
be indicted by the Federal Grand Jury,
are alleged to have received 40 per cent. on
sales of various supplies used in the postal
service. These contracts were made
through the salary and allowance division.

Forty per cent. is aaid to have been the
rake-off given to postal officers in the sale
of the cash registers to the Government.
In other cases the investigating authorities
are morally certain that the rake-off waa
this same 40 per cent.

When the existence of such a system of
blackmail collection was first hinted at
some time ago—and it was not through the
newspapers that the matter was first
brought into notice—the high officers of the
Department scoffed at the suggestion. It
was preposterous, they asserted—absolutely
ridiculous {o believe that the postal service
Narbored a criminal organization. But
recent developments have made it abso-
lntely necessary that the graft syndicate
he taken seriously, and the principal matter
nron which post office inspectors are now

rking concerns the exfatence of this 40
pe eent. system of collection on Govern-

veut contracts.

ihe revelations up to date point to the
fo 1 that this alleged syndicate waa an
a‘jual organization, with a directing head
ard officers designated to perform the
actails of the work. That the machinery
of this concern worked smoothly is shown
by the fact that for year after year its
cperations were continued without the
slightest suspicion being aroused, and that
itw as not until the investigation of postal
service scandals had been in progress
over three months that the matter was
setiously taken up by the officers in charge
of the inquiry. Now that the matter has
been considered it will be pushed to as
speedy a conclusion as possible, and new
charges of conspiracy to defraud the
Government will be brought to the atten-
tion of the Federal Grand Jury here and
in New York.

Postmaster-General Payne will not say
whether the head of the graty syndicate
is supposed to be one of the department
officers whose names have been men-
tioned in connection with the present in-
quiry or some person “higher up”. In
fact, he will not discuss the matter at all.
Fourth Assistant Postmaster-General \)ris-
tow is equally reticent, contenting m-
self with the statement that the public
will be acquainted with the facts in due
course of events.

But it is known that the Sn veatigatiog
authorities will at once begin an_investi-
zation to unearth not only the head of the
-yndicate, but the agent in New York who
had charge of the business and the officers
in other cities who had charge of theprocess
of levy and collection. One reason why
con ion will be difficult, it is said, is
that the local officers or agents of the graft
syndicate also had go-betweens, and that
the rake-off was distributed by them in
cash and not in checks or drafts. There
may have n cases, however, where this
rule was not adhered to, and upon this pre-
stunner and upon their ability to per-
ruade one of the officers, agents or go-
betweens to turn State’s evidence, the {n-
vestigating authorities depend for getting
conclusive proof.

First Assistant Post master-General Wynne
to-day made a formal request of Postmaster-
General Payne that an livestivation of the
money order service and other branches
of the First Assistant's bureap be immedf-
ately ordered. Supt. Metcalf of the money
order division was recently dismissed by
the Postmaster-General for endeavoring
io divert a contract for manufacturing
money order blanks from the lowest: bidder
hut it is not known that there was anything
further than a grave indiscretion on Mr.
Motealf’s part. The requested investiga-
tion will be to determine this fact, as wel
us to give a thorough cleaning out to the
rest of the bureau. This division, like the
ralary and allowance division, which has
been under investigation for some time,
was under Mr. Machen’s free delivery di-
vision. The free delivery division which
as formerly been under the control of the
First Assistant Postmaster-General, was
recently placed under Fourth Assistant
Post master-General Bristow, to lend greater
facility to the progress of the inquiry.

A special attorney from the Department
of Justice will be detailed to the Post Office
Department to assist Attorgry Charles
A. Robb in the greatly incr@&sed Jabors
«f the office. When Mr. Robb entered the
Department, the affairs of the Assistant
\ttorney-General's office were in a de-
plorable state as a result of the scandalous
conditions that had prevailed, and the
iegular work of the office was = months
behindhand. Mr. Robb has succeeded in
bringing the routine work ue to date, and

: addition has acted as legal officer of the
D>+partment and adviser of tho Postmaster-
General in the many matters connected |
with the postal scandals. His services
have been greatly appreciated by the
President, the Attorney-General and the |
Postmaster-General.

CHAIRMAN LOUD INVOLVED
Vostal Inspectors Raltliroaded Into

Service on His Recommendation,

WASHINGTON, June 20.--A very remark-
‘ole feature of the postal scandal situation
an revealed to-day when it became known
(iat six of the inspectors now engaged
i investigating the alleged irregularities
\) appointments and transfers in the postal
service were themseives railroaded into
\NAt kame service in an irregular manner.
ihe situation becomes more remarkable
sill when it is known that Representative
loud of California, former chairman of |
‘he Post Office Committee cf the House,
ind now a delegate in the International
Postal Union, is apparently responsible

 

the

 

 

 

| for somebody else and shot or

 

for just an even half of these irregularities. |

The irregularity for which Mr. Loud is |
responsible was the railroading into the ser- —
vice, at the request of former Superintend-
ent Machen of the free delivery division, of }
Henry A. Machen, the accused officer's
brother. The threo “railroad” cases for
which, according to the records of the
Civil Service Commission, Mr. Loud is
responsible, are those of James O'Connell,
a relative of Mr. Loud, Henry A. Machen
and J, 8. Brewster. They were all ap- :
pointed about the same time, the first on
April 6, and the latter on April 23. i

These three irregularities are more glar-
ing than any others on the civil service
list. The three men were first appointed
to the Bakersfield (Cal.) post office, and
in the cases of O'Connell and Machen, only
seven days elapsed before the request
for “transfer,” which is the technical term
for the railroading process, was made.
In the third case the request was made
after about a month had elapsed. The
transfers were made in short order,

To arrive at an understanding of the
“railroading” process it is only necessary
to say that when the three appointments
were made the Bakersfield office was “un-
classified.” That trifling bar to the “rail-
roading” process was removed, however,
several days after the men named were
placed on the office rolls, Four others,
now post oOftice inspectors, engaged in
investigating irregularities, who were
brought into the serviee in the same way,
are RK. M. Fulton, Raleigh Hosford, Isaac
S. T. Gregg and FE. H. Thorp.

A little further light is thrown on the
mixed-up situation by the fact that when
Supt. Machen, just before he was suspended
orior to his recent arrest, read a published
interview with former Representative Loud, |
in which that gentleman roasted the free
delivery service in general and Supt. Machen
in particular, he grew positively purple
in the face.

“Why, by God!” he cried, “Loud dare
not talk that way about me. I'll put him
on the bum. I'm not talking wildly. I've
got letters, letters, letters; and {f necessary
I'll publish them in every paper in the
country.”

Mr. Machen was later asked what he
meant by “Letters, letters, letters,” but
he had calmed down in the interval and re-
fused to discuss the matter, save to say that
“Loud had better be careful.”

Since Machen has been under indictment
he has refused, by instructions of his law-
yers, to discuss any phase of the scandal
in which he is enmeshed. But there are
those familiar with the inquiry who think
that Machen’s testimony at his trial next
fall will be worth going a long way to hear.

 

LABOR MEN FOR POLITICS.
International Pressmen Vote tn Favor of a
Union Movement Next Year.

CINCINNATI, June 20.—A resolutjon by
John Moran, a delegate from New York,
committing the International Printing
Pressmen and Assistants’ Union to po-
litical action was rushed through to-day
just before the final adjournment of the
annual convention, in this city. After an
elaborate preamble, along socialistic lines,
the resolution provides that a “committee
of twenty-five be appointed to communi-
cate with every other union in the country
for the purpose of securing a concerted
movement among labor unions to the end
that the masses shall have a proper cham-
pion in the next Presidential campaign.”

It was further resolved that “in this crisis
trades unionists should openly participate
in political councila with a view to bring
about the result so much desired by every
American patriot.”

The majority for adoption was largs.

 

WESTERN UNION R. R.

Sapreme Court Issues an Order Prohibiting
Any More Pole Cutting.

BALTIMORE, June 20.—The United States
Supreme Court has now taken .a hand in
the contest between the Pennsylvania Rail-
road and the Western Union Telegraph
Company. A local reflection of this contest
is the case now pending before Judge Morris
of the United States Circuit Court, in which
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
through its oounsel, Attorney General
Isador Rayner, has asked for an order en-
joining the Philadelphia, Baltimore and
Vashington Railroad from interfering with
its telegraph lines along the railroad.

The Enhted States Supreme Court has,
however, granted an injunction restraining
the Pennsylvania Railroad from interfering
with any of the lines of the telegraph com-
pany. When seen to-day about the action
of the Supreme Court Mr. aes said:

“I have advices from Washington con-
firming the statement that the Supreme
Court has granted an order prohibiting
the Pennsylvania — Railroad from inter-
fering with the telegraph system of the
Western Union deiverees Company upon
the lines of the railroad. This {a the case
from the Third Circuit, in which the Court
of Appeals sitting in Philadelphia declined
to pass the order for a stay of execution
pending the appeal, i

“It now appears that the Supreme Court
has taken rola of the nfatter and granted
the injunction, which keeps the property
in statu quo until the final decision is reached
on the main case at the next term of the
Supreme Court, of the United States.”

AND P.

 

 

MYSTERIOUS

The First Whip of the Genesee Valley
Hunt Shot by Some Person Unknown.
GENESEO, N. Y., June 20.—-Clarence Hall,

firat whip of the Genesee Valley Hunt, was

shot last night at the keeper's home near the
foxhound kennels, and seriously wounded,
Mr. Hall was awakened at midnight by an |
unusual uproar among the hounds. He |
opened the door of his cottage to Investi- |
gate, when sore one fired a shot from a re-
volver at short range. The bullet struck

Hall in the left arm, shattering the bone |

and making a flesh wound in the side. Hail |

slammed the door shut and started for his |
revolver, Another shot was fired through |
the window. This time the bullet passed |
through Hall's hat. He ran outside, but |
could find no one. Then he started for the

homestead to notify Major Jamer W. |

Wadsworth, who, having heard the shots, |

had started for the cottage. The person

who fired the shots could not be found, |
The shooting was most mysterious and !
it is not known whether Hall was mistaken |
whether |
hound thieves were at work. A voung |
woman Was seen about the village during |
|

}

'

\

|

SHOOTING.

the evening, and as she had no known oon-
nection with the hunt her presence caused
remark. The local officers are working on
the theory that the woman had something
to do with the shooting

eet eine

BUTLER DROWNED AT A PICNIC,

Capaized Boat in “Nigger Pond” Near
Kamapo—Boy With 4m Swam Ashore.

Tuxepo Park, N. Y., June 20.—-Sidney
Owen, a butler employed in the family of
Mrs. William Pierson Hamilton of Tuxedo
Park, was drowned yesterday at what is
known as “Nigger Pond,” near Ramapo. |
His body was discovered this morning,

Mrs. Hamilton gave a picnic to her em-
ployees, who invited their friends, and all
drove to Ramapo, They were about to
return when Owen went out in & canoe. |
He was not accustomed to rowing and Wy set |
the boat. He sank at once. A_ smal! boy,
2 son of Mra, Hamiltan’s man, who
was also in the boat, swam © shore

 

 

‘A REVOLUTION IN SCIENCE.

 

OLD THEORY OF MATTER IS NOW
DISCARDED.

What Have Been Considered Indivisibie
Units Bhown to Be Made Up of Ions tn
Orbital Motion—Electricity and Matter
Once—Shown by the Study of Radium

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

LONDON, June 20.—The world's foremost
searchers after the ultimate secrets of the
universe have at length committed them-
selves to a stupendous theory which has
for some time been foreshadowed and has
now apparently been substantiated by the
study of the new substance called radium.
Prof. Crookes the other day in Berlin
and Profs. Lodge and Curie, this week in
London, have confidently proclaimed that
it is easy to define this great revolution of
science in scarcely more than a sentence.
To comprehend it however, is almost as
far beyond the power of the human mind
as the idea of eternity or infinite apace.

The old theory that the atoms of elements
consist of indivisible units of matter has
now been definitely discarded. Instead,
we are told that each atom isa whole stellar
system of infinitely smaller, but absolutely
identical, units, all in orbital motion. A
hydrogen atom consists of 700 such units,
or ions. The nature or identity of each
substance depends upon the number of
such ions contained in each atom, thus
11,200 ions in each atom produce what
we know as oxygen, and 137,200 of the same
ions if combined in a single atom would
yield what we regard as gold. The nature
of these ions is, for want of a better word,
electrical. In other words, electricity and
matter are one and the eame thing.

This theory has been more or less familiar
to scientific men for two or three years,
but has not been demonstrated until re-
cently, when the study of the Réntgen
rays 6uggested it, and now radium seems
to furnish a complete proof, and also car-
ries its conception into a marvellous elabo-
ration. An examination of radium and
other phenomena leads Prof. Lodge and
his associates to believe that matter is not
stable in its atoms, as haa been heretofore
supposed by everybody familiar with the
disintegration of matter, which means the
rearrangement or recombination of ele-
ments. Thus, water may be separated
into oxygen or hydrogen, but it was never
before imagined that the atoms themselves
were capable of disintegration. Prof.
Lodge suggests that this is the normal
process of nature, yet it is proceeding ata
rate 80 slow that it baffles the powers of
conception of the human mind to estimate
the length of time required.

In radium alone {it proceeds so rapidly
that the phenomenon is easily observed.
M. Curie, the discoverer of radium, in some
wonderful experiments at the Royal In-
stitution last night, showed that radium
spontaneously and continuously disen-
gaged heat, rapidly affected photographic
plates, even through opaque bodies, dis-
gharged an electroscope when merely
brought in its vicinity, and gave off emana-
tions similar to itself in constant and evenvio-
lent streams or radiations; in other words,
the 120,000 fons which compose each atom
of radium rotated so violently that they
flew apart into original unita. It has been

calculated, however, that this efflux from |

radium is so infinitesimal that a square inch
of surface would lose only one grain in
ten thousand million years.

Prof. Lodge surmises that this process
of disintegration of atoms may constitute
the evolution of the chemical elements.
He announced that within a few weeks

Prof. Ernest Rutherford of MeGill Uni-
versity, in Montreal, had observed the
break-up of the most massive atoms. He

found that some few atoms of a radio-
active substance seemed to reach a critical
stage at which they fling away small portions
of themselves with great violence, the resi-
due having the same property of unstability
for some time until ultimately it settles
down into what is presumably a different
substance. Changes of this sort in more
stable atoms would seem to require mill-
ions of millions of centuries, so long, in fact,
that the longest periods in astronomical
evolution would seem but hours in com-
parison. Prof. Lodge affirms, however,
that these changes seem bound to occur,
according to fixed laws.

So the state of flux and decay is recog-
nized, not only in the stars and planets
but in the foundation stones of the uni-
verse, which are the elemental atoms them-
selves, The process of regeneration, how-
ever, can also be imagined, and it would
occur if the separations ever aggregated
themselves together by their mutual at-
tractions into fresh material. The progress
of the research may lead us to recognize
the existence of atoms, some of which
were recently formed and others very
ancient.

It will be seen that the whole theory in
effect is an astronomical one. Chemistry
has, in fact, become the astronomy of the
infinitesimal. One is led to wonder, then,
if the earth and the other planets are not
mere ions forming a single atom of a higher
universe, where, perhaps, they constitute
a speck of dust that worries the careful
housewife in the world next above us.
At all events, we are clearly on the verge
of the greatest revelation that acience
has yet vouchsafed to mankind and knowl-
edge that is only limited by the capacity
of the human mind to receive it.

 

BENNETT FARM BRINGS $13,100.

Laura Biggar Sald to Be Dissatiafied
~—Residuary Legacies Cannot Be Paid.

ASBURY Park, N.J., June 20,—Counsellor
John F, Hawkins, as executor for the late
Henry M. Bennett, yesterdey sold the Ben-
nett farm, on the Shark River, tc James D.
Carton, who represents Richard M. Gulick
of Pittsburg.

The tract, which Mr. Bennett valued at
$50,000, brought $17,100. It included ninety-
eight acres and the buildings. Mr. Hawkins
says the estate will not realize sufficient
to pay the residuary legacies. It is under-
stood that Laura Biggar, the principal bene-
ficary under the will, is much dissatisfied.

 

First Rock Island Train in Abilene, Kan.,
in Twenty-three Dayn.
ABILENE, Kan., Juno 20.—The firet train
over the Rock Island railroad for twenty-
three days arrived here this evening. The

track to the west end of the branch, Salina,
will not be repaired for several days.

 

Summer Schedule of the Long Island Railroad,
with Increased train service, will take effect June 25.
Adt.

,

  

eee

rn

CUNARD LINE IS OUT
Of Passenger Combination on the Atlantte
-—-Expected to Cut Rates.

The Cunard Line has withdrawn from the
Passenger agreement of the steamship com-
bination known as the North Atlantic Con-
ference, which is made up of lines running
ships between this port and ports of Great
Britain and Ireland. Some of the lines
in the conference, including the Cunard,
Anchor and Allan-State, are not in the fleet
of the International Marine Company,
which is represented in the conference by
the White Star, the Atlantic Transport,
the Leyland and the International Naviga-
tion Company (American and Red Star
lines.)

The Cunard line notified the conference
three months ago of its intention to with-
draw inthe matter of cabinrates and freighta
and recently it gave fourteen days notice
that it would consider annulled also the
agreement in regard to steerage rates. The
latter notice becomes effective on July 1.

The object of the Cunard line is to “be
free to do as it pleases.” This is interpreted
to mean that it will try to get a larger share
of the big passenger and freight business
done by the International Mercantile
Marine Company.

The cause of the Cunard’s withdrawal
was the putting on by the combination of
regular Friday ships of the White Star,
and extra Tuesday ships of the Leyland
Line, running as White Star linors.

GOOD OUTLOOK, SAYS GATES,

Stock Speculator Says the Worst Has Been
Reached in the Market.

Cricago, June 20.—John W. Gatea ar-
rived from the East late last night and at
an early hour to-day he was in La Salle
street, accompanied by his son, Charles G,
Gates. Both went direct to the Rookery
office of Harris, Gates & Co. Mr. Gates
thinks the worst has been experienced in
financial affairs.

“You see,” he explained, “England and
France—I was in both countries—are now
in an exceptionally good condition finan-
cially. The reduction in the discount rate
by the Bank of Engiand showed that the
Londoners are at their ease. The Transvaal
Joan was a big success. France was a
large subscriber and is looking about to
place more funds. I think both France
and England will be liberal buyers of our
securities, always provided that we do
not deprecate and depreciate our own
values.

“I'm not going right back to New York,
as reported, Chicago is good enough for
me. I like Chicago. It is my home. I
always feel better here and accordingly
I'm very glad to be back. I shall probably
remain here for a couple of months before
going anywhere for either business or
pleasure.”

JOHN MITCHELL ILL,

Recent Nervous Strain Too Much for iim
—Engagements Cancelled.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 20.— President John
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers is ill
at his rooma in this city and was obliged
to-day to cancel an engagement to address
a miners’ meeting at Winslow, owing to the
condition of his health.

It is said that Mitchell has been greatly
worried over the many petty strikes that
have followed the signing of the bituminous
scale, and the settlement of the anthracite
strike and that his condition is due to
nervous exhaustion.

Besides these annoyances, he has been
travelling almost constantly for a month

and has been irregular in his habits in re- |

spect to eating and sleeping.

Mitche!l's fellow officers have insisted

that he take a rest and his physician has |

urged it so earnestly that all his present

| engagements have been abandoned.

(TO CAB KILLS A BOL.

Hight-Year-Old Run Over on Upper Fitth
Avenue—Driver Arrested.

Kight-year-old Rudolph Werspa of 24
West 112th street was run over and killed
yesterday by an electric cal at 107th street
and Fifth avenue. The cab is owned by
Alexander Fischer, an importer of automo-
biles, at 239 West Fiftieth street, and was
driven by William F. Holzman of 215 West
Forty-ninth street. Holzman was locked
up in the East 104th street station.

The Werspa boy, his ten-year-old brother
Charles and some other lads, were playing
on the avenue when the cab came along.
Holzman sounded his gong, and the older
brother started to pull Rudolph out of the
way. The boy became confused and
started in the other direction. The driver
thought he could dodge the boy by makin
a sharp turn, but the front wheel panied
over him. There were two persona in the
cab, whom the police say they do not know.

 

ASKED LADIES THEIR AGE!
Knights of Columbus of Hoboken Sald to
Have Done This Unknightly Thing.

About two hundred Hoboken young
women who have been asked to form a
women’s auxillary to the Hoboken Coun-
cills90f the Knights of Columbus under
the name of the Daughters of Isabella
feel that they have a grievance.

The council a few days ago decided that
a women's auxiliary would be a good thing
and sent out application blanks to 200
young women. One question in the appli-
cation blank is this: “What is your age?”

The young women say the question was
unnecessary. There is no insurance or bene-
fit connected with the Daughters of Isa-
bella, The young women say they are
eure that idle curiosity prompted the quea-
tion, and that they will refuse to answer it,
even if by so doing they run the risk of being
rejected.

 

 

CHATTANOOGA STILL
Barber-Constable Places the Former
Pedier in Charge and Goes (o His Shop.

MLIZABETH, N. J., June 20.—Sheriff Cor-
fell’s deputies are still in legal possession
of the cruiser Chattanooga, at the Crescent
shipyard. They will hold the vessel under
the warrant of seizure granted by the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey until the claim
of Babcock & Wilcox for $19,600, due on
her boilers, is satisfed, or until a higher
court directs their withdrawal. The Sher-
iff expects no developments before Monday,

Because this was Saturday, and he had
many customers to shave, Henry Schoppe,
the barber and constable who captured the
cfuiser, delegated command of the veasel
to Fred Teipel, the former pedler who as-
sisted in the capture, and Peter Weaver of
Plainfield.

Mosquitoes Make a Desperatio Surrender.

NEW ORLEANS, June 20.—Willis Hender-
kon, a negro desperado of this city, who
shot a white man for refusing to serve him
beer, has been driven by the mosquitoes
to surrender to the police. After the shoot-
ing the eee fled from his home on Gayore
street to the swamps back of the city. He
lay in the swamp one night but waa driven
out. He said the mosquitoes were literally
eating him alive.

HELD.

 

ee

 

—_—_—_—"_ _eeReRwn ee SSeS

 

       

 

 

 

HOUNDS 10 TRACK MURDERER

me ae re ee

KILLED ROLIORNAN
ROCHELLE PARK.

WHO IN

 

Police Think He May Be a Resident of
That Fashionable District-—-Dentiat
Witnessed Midnight Murder by Myse
terlous Man With a Pack on His Back.

NEw RoocHELLE, N. Y., June 20,—Polioce-
man Maurice Ahearn was murdered early
this morning by a supposed burglar whom
he encountered coming out of Rochelle
Park carrying a bag on his back. The
murderer, after killing Ahearn, riddled
hia body with billets. Ahearn died on the
lawn of Joseph T. Brown, vice-president
of the Knickerbocker Trust Company.

The murder occurred at about 1:15 o'clock
directly in front of the home of Mr. Brown
and across the street from the residence
of Mra. J. H. Hawkins, a widow. Dr.
W. F. Johnson, a young dentist of New York,
who was boarding at the Hawkins home,
was at the window of his room and wus
the only witness to the crime. Dr. Johnson
says he was aroused hy hearing some one
across the street talking loudly. He went
to his window and saw that the police-
man had stopped a stranger and was ques-
tioning him. The stranger was short and
thick-set and carried a bag over his shoulder,

“You'll have to show me what you have
got in that bag or I'll lock you up,” Dr.
Johnson heard Ahearn say, ’

“It's none of your business what's in
the bag,” replied the man gruffy, “The
stuff that’s in it belongs to me, and that’s
all you need to know.”

Dr. Johnson noticed that the man spoke
with an Italian accent. '

“I believe you are a burglar,” said Ahearn
as he took the stranger by the arm,
“You'll have to go over with me to the
station house and give an account of your-
self.”

As the policeman took hold of the man
the latter grabbed him by the throat.
Ahearn was a powerfully built man with
big, broad shoulders. When he saw
the stranger meant to fight he at first
wrestled with him on the lawn and then,
finding himself evenly matched, drew his
stick and began to beat him over the head,
At each blow the man cursed or shrieked,
Dr. Johnson says that they fought for
five minutes, when he heard Ahearn shout:
“Help, I'm shot!" and saw him fall.

The murderer, who had started to run
away, turned back, and, standing over
Ahearn, fired three more shots. As he fired,
he exclaimed ;

“T'll show you what's in this bag!”

Then he walked coolly away toward the
main entrance of the park. Dr. Johnson
rushed downstairs and telephoned to the
polio: Then he went out on the lawn and

4

»und several other neighbors who had been |

aroused by the shooting. The policeman
had been killed almost instantly.

Sergt. Kelly sent out a general alarm
to the police of New York and to West-
chester and Connecticut towns, and al-
though fifteen minutes after the crime
was committed he had half a dozen police-
man scouring the park and the surround-
ing country for the murderer, no trace of
him was found.

The only clue left by the murderer is a
lot of coarse straw used by florists in pack-
ing flowers. The police believe that the
man car this to prevent silverware
from rattling. Chief Timmons has not
been notified that any house in the park
has been robbed. He said that if a burg-
lary was committed the thief had evi-
dently entered some furnished house which
is unoccupied and that the owners might
not report it for several days.

Yesterday morning word was recei ved
from Port Chester that an Italian had been
arrested there on suspicion. He has been
brought here and will be held for develop-
ments, He has a pistol of the same calibre
as that of the murderer, but it appears not
to have been discharged for some time.
Several other suspects were also picked up
in New Rochelle and afterward released.

Col. E. Lyman Bill of the New Rochelle
Police Board announced to-day that the
city would offer a reward of 8500 for the
detection of the murderer and said that
the Rochelle Park Association probably
would add $500 more.

The police are at work on the theory
that the murderer was perhaps not a burg-
lar but a resident of the park, who inistook
Ahearn, who was in plain. clothes, for
a highwayman. Ahearn would have prob-
ably captured the man if he could” have
drawn his revolver, but when he reached to
get it he found it entangled in a tobacco
pouch,

The Knights of Columbus of New
Rochelle, of which Ahearn was a member,
made arrangements to-night to run down
the murderer with bloodhounds,

The Knights, in searching for blood-
hounds, could find none near New York.
They were referred, however, to Dr. Long-
est of ‘Boston, who owns two of the animals,
Dr. Longest agreed to send on his hounds
free of charge.

The hounds are expected to arrive to-
morrow, ‘They will ba put on the escent at
Rochelle Park, where the poiiceman, in
the fight, is thought to have spilled some
of the murderer's blood,

FOUR KILLED IN A WRECK,
Head-On Collision on Champlain Diviston
of the Delaware and Hudson.

GLENS Fauis, N. Y., June 20.—Four men
were killed and two injured in a head-on
collision this morning on the Champlain
division of the Delaware and Hudson Rail-
road two miles north of Dresden. A light
engine, in charge of Henry W. Collins, with
Fireman Frank Moore, was running north
with orders to follow the Montreal sleeper.
The sleeper met at Pulpit Point a south-
bound freight, which pulled out on the
main line, Conductor Barker and Enginecr
Darmody, it is said, being ignorant of the
wild engine following. Acrash soon came,
and = Collins, Moore and Fred Ryan, a
brakeman, who was aleoon the light engine,
and Fred Bellegarde, the fireman on the
freight, were killed instantly.

Engineer Darmody and Brakeman Cheney
of the freight were injured, but will recover,
The men killed all lived in Whitehall and
leave families.

Officers of the road have inveatigated
to-day, but have been unable to determine
whether it was the fault of the engineer of
the sleeper in not displaying the signal of a
train fallowittx or the fault of the freight
engineer in not seeing such ae Coroner
Jackson, after an inquest, has found the
freight train crew at fault and has rendered
a verdict of accidental death through neglect
by the train men to obey signals. Traffic
on the road was tied up for hours. One
locomotive was demolished.

 

DIDN'T WIN ENOUGH ON ON. P.

 

 

Berthe Malllct (1,450 Shares) Saye Wer
Broker Was Too Slow in May, 1008.

Justice Truax of the Supreme Court has
granted an attachment against Gurley &
Johnson, stock brokera of Washington,
for $15,287 in favor of Berthe Maillet on a
claim for failure to sell her stock quickly
enough on May 8, 1901, at the time of the
Northern Pacific corner. She ordered
them to sell 1,450 shares of stock, and she
says that if they had sold the stock within
@ reasonable time after getting the order
she would have realized $15,287 more than
she did.

The Block Isiand service of the Montauk Steam
boat Co. will be resumed on June 2h, Steamers
will leave Pier 18, E.R. N. Y¥.. weet days, except
Saturdays, at 5:90 P.M. On July 3 and Saturdave
(except Saturday, duly 4), atl bP. St Ad

 

 

Numerous cases of nervous headache cured by
Spencer, 15 Maiden Lane, who fits glasses correctly.

Adi

 

     

 

 

ATLANTIC SHIPPING COMBINE.

Story of Reorganization and Assessment
Pronounced Absolutely Untrue.

A member of the firm of J. P. Morgan «&
Co. said yesterday regarding assertions
made in a cable despatch from London:

“Any story that the International Mer-
cantile Marine Company is to be reorgan-
ized and its stock aspesred is absolutely
untrue.”

GATES'S $8,000 DRIVE.

No Proper Carriages for Hire for the
Drive to the Derby, He Buys Two.
Curcaao, June 20.-When John W. Gates
looked over the vehicles to-day to go to
the Derby, he found he had neglected to
provide one that would do for cold weather
like that of this morning. He accordingly
went to a largé carriage concern and
bought two landaus for use on the oceasion,
paying $4,000 each for them. With seven
friends he drove out to the clubhouse early
and kept warm inside his new purchases.

ROBBED LESLIE PUBLISHING CO,

Frank C. Jappe, the Treasurer, Arrested
—His Stealings Reach #10,000,
Frank C, Jappe, 83 years old, bookkeeper,
cashier and treasurer of the Frank Leslie
Publishing House, at 143 Fifth avenue,
was arrested yesterday by Detective Ser-
|

 

 

 

 

geants Clarke and Muleare on a charge
of grand larceny. Jappe is married and
High street, Hoboken, He

the home of a relative in

lives at 811
was found at
Fordhain.

According to his own admission, he has
falsified the accounts of the publishing
firm for the last three years, and has stolen
in all $10,000

He will be arraigned iu the ‘Toinbs police
court this morning, and President Frederick
L. Colver of the company will appear as
the prosecuting witness.

WAS AT A NON-UNION WEDDING.

 

 

 

Mine Workers’ Official Was Best Man,
and He’s tn Trouble Over It,
Tamagvua, Pa., June 2.—John Hudeck

of Oneida, president of the United Mine
Workers of that town, is in trouble because
he officiated as best man this week at the
wedding of a non-union man, Julius Thomas,
to Miss Julia Wargo, both being from Oneida.
It is alleged that Thomas worked during
the last strike at one of the collieries of
Coxe Brothers & Co,

When it became known that the president
| of the Oneida local had officiated at the
| wedding the mambers of the Oneida local
rose up. A demand has been made on
| Hudeck to resign or apologize for his action.
Friends of the president say that he was
not aware at the time of the wedding that
the bridegroom had been a non-unionist.

TEN KILLED BY DYNAMITE.

Six Die at Once anu Four Afterward
—Lightning Caused It.“

CaMRBRIDGE, Ohio, June 20.—At 2 o'clock
this afternoon lightning struck 3,000 pounds
of dynamite stored at the Somers cal
shaft at Senecaville, 16 miles south of here.
Hiram Wilson, Sam Hartup, Ruasell Hartup,
Hays Hutchinson, Albert Watson and Wilk
Mahoney were killed instantly, fifteen
others were mortally injured and a large
number injured seriously. Four have died
sinee the accident.

The shaft is half a mile south of the village
and in owned by the Somers Coal Company
of Cleveland. The force of the explosion
was north and the village was almost de-
molished. Every window was broken,
the Odd Fellows Hall and Kellar Building
are damaged. Arelief train with physicians
has been sent from this city.

BOY

 

LOST WRIGHS 180.
Six Feet 2 Iuches Tall and Too Big to Go
to School,

John W. Tavet of West Point went to
Police Headquarters here last evening and
asked that the police find his seventeen-year
old brother Charles. The missing boy is
described as being 6 feet 2 inches tall and
weighing 1380 pounds.

According to his brother, Charles refused
to go to the publie schools at West Point
because he was so big. He left West Point
on Wednesday and has been traced to this
city

FIRE IN) BANKING

Litue Blaze tn the Room of the Auditor
of Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co.

Fire in the banking house of Ladenburg,
Thalmann & Co. on the third floor of the
Broad Exchange Building, 25 Broad street,
caused some excitement and did about
$100 damage late vesterday afternoon, Sat-
urday being a halt holiday, the only per-
sons about when the fire started were
scrubwomen and porters. The blaze was
in the auditor's room, which was pretty
well wrecked before the fire war extin-
guished.

 

HOUSL,

Three Girls Save a Drowning Man.

WATERBURY, Conn., June 20.--The hero-
ism of three schoolgirls of Prospect is the
talk of the village. The girls are Annie
and Mamie Perkins and Alice Gould, none
of them over 15 years old. Samuel Rose,
a farmhand, started home drunk last night
to the Perkins farm. He missed his way
and walked into a fish pond nearly ten feet
deep. The girls, all good swimmers, ran
to Rose's rescue, and with the aid of planks
succeeded in getting the intoxicated man
to the bank, where the neighbors saved his
life with restoratives.

 

“The Sun's” Friends at Yale.

New Haven, June 20,—The senior clasa
statistics at Yale were given out to-day.
For the favorite newspaper THE Sun of

the Tribune, 21; the Times, 11. No other
New York newspapers were mentioned in
the vote.

Harold ‘Vanderbilt Gets a Medal.

Congressman and Mrs. Oliver H, P. Bel-
mont were among thore present at the grad-
uating exercises of St. Mark's Scliool at
Southboro, Mass., yeslerday, When the
award of honors was made
that the Founder’ Medal, which is eon-
ferred as a special token of distinction for
marked ability, had been won by Harold
8. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Belmont's youngest

borough. Young Vanderbilt, who is about
17 years of age, will probably enter Harvard
in the fall.

 

Says He Can Steal Marconi Mepeuges.

MILWAUKEE, June 20.—-Marconigrains can
be run down and captured by any one who
fa equipped with the proper instruments,
says Charles L. Fortier, who is an expert
electrician Mr. Fortier has been experi-
menting with his invention, and hag been
catching Messages passing between here

nn a

 

New York had 179 votes, the Herald, 54: |

it was learned |

son and brother to the Duchess of Marl- |

  

 

eee = ————— ee

\ dies derson esked for ine

|
|
|

and Chicago by the Marconi system, al- |
though his instruments have not been
“tuned” with those of the Mareoni plan
| —
Day dreans on the Hudson are especlally de
Mghtful, as the realization meets the desire at
every turn

See Day Line aut advts.—Adr.

t)

}tepests nae ne bef

SUNDAY, JUNE 21, 1908.
Showers to-day; fair to-morrow.

SERVIA PUTS IN A DEFENCE

KILLING OF KING SANCTIONED
BY THE WHOLE COUNTRY.

Minister of Foretgn Affairs Protests Against
Great Britain's Action in Withdraws
ing Her Minister—He Expresses Re-
sret That Queen Drnga Waa Slain.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

BELGRADE, June 20..-M. Kalievitch, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has issued
a statement which may be regarded as
the official explanation of the views of the
Government in regard to recent events,
In reference to the recall of Sir G. Bon-
ham, the British Minister, he expresses
deep indignation at the intention of Great
Britain, indicated by this fact, to hold the
present Servian Government responsible
for the murders.

M. Kalievitch expresses regret that Queen
Draga perished, all the more so as her death
was by no meons necessary, even though
she had been detested by the whole country
from the moment she presumed to put the
crown on her unworthy head

The upheaval was the work of a number
of officers who had resolved to prevent
the proclamation of Queen Draga'’s brother
as heir to the throne, It was sanctioned
by the army and the whole country.

The declaration goes on to point out the
devotion, patriotism and courage of the
members of the provisional government
in sinking party differences and taking up
the reins of power at a critical moment
in the absence of all authority. Proof
of their great service is to be found in the
peace and order which is now prevailing
The statement continues:

“We therefore regret the attempt made
by Fogland ak a result of erroneous in-
formation to cast suspicion upon a state of
affairs which has for its object the main-
tenance of order and the eventual regeneras
tion of a young nation whichhas passed
through a time of trial and which is at-
tached to the cause of liberty anc civiliza-
tion,”

 

 

OUR RELATIONS WITH SERVIA,

Not Likely That the President Will Instet
That the King's Assassins Be Punished.

Wasninaton, June 20.—Until the new
Servian monarchy has been firmly and
formally established the United States
Government will adopt no measure toward
entering into diplomatic relations with it.
John B. Jackson, who was appointed
United States Minister to Greece, Roumania
and Servia, is not in Belgrade, but the cre-
dentials which he bears are null and void,
ax they accredited him to the late King
Alexander. To secure recognition of the
existence of diplomatic relations between
the two Governments it will be necessary
for him to present new letters of credence,
addressed personelly to King Peter Kara-
georgevitch,

While no decision has been made as to
the course to be pursued when King
Peter ascends the throne, it is not likely
that President Roosevelt and Secretary Hay
will go to the extreme of declining to enter
into diplomatic relations with the new
dynasty unless assurances are given that
the assassins of wane Alexander and Queen
Draga will be punished.

 

BANK MESSENGER

Sent to Deposit 62,500 in the Brffale
Cleartfig House, but Didn't De ft.
Burrato, June 20.--The police of New
York, Chicago and other large cities have
been notified by the local police to watch
out for Arthur Nagel, 18 years old, who
disappeared to-day with §2,500 belonging
to the Third National Bank of Buffalo. At
11 o’clock this forenoon Nagel recefved
the money from the cashier of the bank
and was directed, in his capacity of mes-
senger of the bank, to take the money to
the Clearing House, one block below the

bank, on Main atreet.

That was the last seen of Nagel. The
bank officials waited until noon, suspecting
nothing wrong, but when Nagel failed to
appear the police were asked to find him.
The search was fruitless. Nagel is sup-
posed to have the money, because it was
not turned in at the Clearing House.

Owing to the excellent reputation here-
tofore borne by Nagel, many of hir friends
are inclined to believe that he did not steal
the money, but that he may have met with
foul play. The police are not neglectin
that theory and are making a search o
places into which the youth might have
been lured and robbed. Nagel's rente
refuse to believe that the boy stdle the
money,

MISSING.

WHIPPED HER ARDENT LOVER.

 

Dresemaker Doesn't Relish the Attentions
of a Married Man.

Marie Putalloz, a dressmaker, of 123 Eaat
Thirty-ninth street complained to Magis-
trate Barlow in the Yorkville police court
yesterday that Julius Dalumi, a married
man, who lives at 953 Park avenue, annoyed
her with protestations of love.

She said that he raised the basement
window from the outside on Thursday
night and said: “Do you love me?” For
answer she grabbed her dog whip and
went outside and whipped him until he
ran away. He was back again the next
night and she had him arrested.

he man has been pestering her with
his declarations of love for the past eight
years, she declared, and she was anxious
to have the thing stopped. He frequently
followed her on the streets whether she
was accompanied by an escort or net

Her escort gave the persistent wooer @
thumping a week ago and then had him
arrested, but he was discharged with a
ah a in court the next day

The Magistrate held the man in $1,000
bail for his good behavior for six montis

BLOWS IN

1 CoUuRTROON.

Evedidge Henderson Resenis Redeetion
ou tite Professtona! Conduet,

St. Lovis. June 20.- By way of reser tirg
what he regarded es a charge of urprofer-
sional conduct, William W, He Corson,
formeriy Judge ofthe Probate Court. to-dey
fy that courtroom, planted his fist aque reiy
in the free ad Attorney vobhn Do Jebre.

Toe cotap: tarts rey reser t opposite in-
re Judge Crews. Jrdue

c dl te corse Carre
tion of ihe cose desired
@ contiy unt ce

In the argucnents over this the charge of
UAT SA Iauas conduct was tmoide and Mr,
Johnson gave the lie to Judge Henderson,
who reaponded with the blow in the tace af
his opponent. Then the peace officers
came, After the attorneye had cooled
down, both apologized te the Court and the
ineident closed, The case was continued

while Mr. dab sor

 

kansas Nees 28,000 Farm tlands.

Torska, Kan., June 20.—RB. Gerow, di-
reetor of the State Froe Kimpiorment Bu-
reau, has received tinal eatimates of the
number of outside harvest hands needed
this vear. The number ‘a 28,100

Imtercallegiate Lect Laces, Povghtee June
26th, Str. Chester Wo Chapin. ‘Tlekes 100; Feil
River Line omee, Per i NOR. vd )

ee

: ; imei
rs
ern TEN A NI TN ETC

a a ae