-———————

“VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 109.

—$—$$—$— ne

POPE NOT ABOUT TO YIELD,

STRONGLY DENOUNCES THE

ITALIAN GOVERNMENT

Heconciitation Set at Rest by

AGAIN

Rumors of a
His Allocation atthe Consistory- Neither

Time Nor Saccession

Can Suppress or Diminieh tts Hiahts,
Special Cable Liespatch to THE SUN
Rowe, Ld the Pope's alloeution
at the secret oonsistory fay contained
besides an expression of thinkfulness to
God for sparing m to complete the Hoty
fear, the customary condemnation of the
fralian Government and lament for the
‘stemporalities  Tl< Holiness said

Papacy

“Truly it is a calamity for us that force
haw deprived the Pontiff of his just and legiti-
mate soverengnty, Whiele bs closely bound
up with his freedom His ministry is now
under the of other The Pope
is entirely ttot

“The diMeulties Were in
short time ago we saw authority
pass from one hand to another as if it were a
mere matterofrightand not the ouleome of in-
istice, We wish the rights of the Papacy
to remain and intact, and declare that
neither tine nor succeFsion of governments
ean suppress or diminish the inpreseriptibie
rights of the Pontiff

power men
eir caprice
reased when a

over Rome

safe

GNEISENAU'S DEATH LIST 4s.

Others on the Wrecked German Schoolehip
May Have Perished Many Injured.
Special Cale Despatches to THE SUN

Rerun, Dec, 17 A despatch received
late to-night from the Gerinan Consul at
Malaga regarding the wreck of the sehool-
ship Gneisenau states that thirty-eight per-
sons were lost, including the captain, first
officer and one engineer, but it is doubted
that this Is a total list of those who perished
Thirty-nine have been taken to the hospital
with broken limbs, having received their
injuries by being dashed on the rocks, The
total number of those on the ship is returned
as 400, including 25 officers and 50 cadets

The evening newspapers deeply regret
the tragic events with which the short career
of the German navy is dotted. They
that this latest disaster emphasizes the les-
son the North German Lloyd company learned
at Hoboken- that is, always to keep steam
up when anchored in strange waters.

Maprip, Dee. 17.-The German
ship Gneisenau, which sunk at the mouth
of the harbor of Malaga yesterday, is rapidly
breaking up

It is stated that the commander of the
Gneisenau committed suicide when he saw
that his ship and crew could not be saved
Among the officers who were saved is one of
the name of Berndt, who is a nephew of Count
von{Buelow, the Imperial Chancellor

LONDON, Dec. 17.—A despatch to Lloyd's
from Gibraltar says that from thirty to forty
of the crew of the Gneisenau were lost.

The Gneisenau had been at the port of
Malaga since Nov. 1, engaged In big gun
practice. At 10 o'clock yesterday morning,
while the boys were being inspected, the
wind began to blow violently, The captain
ordered the engineers to get up steam as
quickly as possible, but the vessel parted
her anchor chains and was wrecked.
Before she went down the crew jumped
overboard and many were drowned, Some
menina small boat made heroic efforts
to save the crew. After they had picked
up fifteen the boat, which was overcrowded,
was swamped. Three of the men who had
been in the boat were rescued with ropes.

Lonpown, Dec. 18.—-A despatch to the Morn-
mg Post from Madrid says that twelve Span-
jiards were drowned while trying to rescue
those on the Gneiaenau.

pay

school-

 

IMITATOR.

 

SHELDON'S L

 

Dr. Parker of London Editing an Afternoon
Paper, but Makes Few Changes.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Dec. 17—-The Sun, which is to be
run for several days aftor the fashion of the
Topeka Capital venture, under the Rey. Mr
Sheldon, made its first appearance to-day
under the management of the Rey. Dr.
Parker, of the City Temple. There is no
striking difference between to-day's edition
and the ordinary Sun, which is a cateh half-
penny afternoon paper backed by @ specu-
lator of the name of Bottomley. ‘The Rev. Dr.
Parker does not seem to have succeeded in
elevating its tone

In an editorial next to a two-column pros-
pectus of a gold mine he says "We begin
a areat and perhaps perllous experiment,”
He asserts that religion will be on its trial
and asks whether a religious paper will be
laughed out of court by drinkers, gamblers
and fast livers. In the financtal answers,
one correspondent is advised to wait for a
better price, while another ts counselled
not to invest in any mining company

The “stop prese” colunin of the latest news
is headed with betting and gambling fore-
casts which are followed by a collection of
anti-gambling texts The ‘sual sporting
article does appear, and some. lottery
advertisements which were formerly printed
prominentiv are plac ed in a small apace in
an obseure corner of the paper. The daily
reward of a guinea Is omitted, otherwise the
paper has the usunl contents, which are chiletly
clippings from the morning papers

FRENCH MINISTRY WINS

Sustained by a Vote of 341 to 90 on a Ques-
tion of Dreyfus Case Amnesty.

not

 

AGAIN.

Special Cable Liespatch to THE Sus
Parts, Dec. 17.-The Government won an-
other vietory in the Chamber of Deputies

to-day in connection with the Amnesty bill,
M. Vazeille proposed an amendment to tha
measure excluding from amnesty those
guilty of perjury and forgery in connection

with the Dreyfus case

Prime Minister Waldeck-Rousseau opposed
he amendment He declared that it would
reopen the old Dreyfus case, which would be
an unpardonable mistake. He said he would

treat the matter as a question of confidence
in the Government, on which the Ministry
would stand or fall

The amendment was rejected by a vote of
41 to Ww

 

SUICIDE OF LADY MANNERS.

Coroner's Jury Decides That She Drowned
Herself While Insane.

Spectal Cabie Despatch to THER SUN
LONDON, Dee. 17 —An inquest was held toe
day on the body of Lady Katherine Manners,
eldest daughter of the lace Duke of Rutland,

who was found drowned on Saturday tn shal-
low water of the lake in the grounds of Bel-
voir Castle The jury decided that «he come
mitted suicide while insane

To Write hing HMumbert'’s Biography.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Panis, Dev A despateh from Kome to
the Figaro says that during the residence of
ex-Queen Margherita at Stupinigi Castle,
near Turin, she collected documents and
correspondence with the late hing Humbert

witha View to writing his biography, in which
jatters hitherto unknown will be divuleed

7

 

Faster Than Ever t+ Callfornia,

Every day in the year the Overland Limited leaves
Cleeago 0.39 P.M. via the shortest route, Chicago
and Northwestern, Union and Southern Pacific rail
ways, and arrives San Francisco 6.45 bP. M. third day
inrough double drawing room sleeping cars, buffet,
library car(with barber) and dining cars Informa-
mation at Northwestern Line Office, 461 B'way.—Ade

|
|
|
|

|

{

of Governments

Che

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900. COPYRIGHT,

NEW YORK,

or nrmirisn

London Papers Admit That This Coaontry
and Germany Are Crowding Fagtand (hut

DPCTINE TRADE.

Special Cattle Despatch to Came SUN
Losxnos 1dr 1s The Jtly Mat and
the Daily koepreae concurrently: began this

morning « serles of articles based on apes tal

inquiries inte the question of the decline of
Hritieh trade
hach «tarte with a candid admission of
| the fact that despite the apparent prosperity
and fulness of ordera Creat Britain is not
holding her former position of supremacy
but is being pushed out, primarily by the
Lnited States and secondiv by German

pa

| nature
| Sir Ernest
| was shown

a

SENTENCED FOR TREASON.

Cape Colantets Escape With Fines and Short
Terms of Imprisonment,

Sneclal Coadle Despatch tne SUN
From | HE SUNS Correspondent at ¢ ape Town
Capk Tows, De 17 A wenn bas died
from the plague in the King Williams Town
district No fresh cases have been reported

There is now only one case under treatment,

ind the quarantine has been raised

 

The sentences tmposed by the court at
Colesbere in the cases of the men convicted
of treason are regarded as very lenient Van
Rensbure was sentenced to eighteen months
imprisonment and to pay a fine of £500, Roux
was condemned to two vears and six months’
iinprisonment, Swart to one year and Six
nouths, Fowler to one vear and to pay a

 

of £500, Jooste to one vear and three
months and to pay a fine of £500 and Muller

fo one vear and three months

 

DE WET LED ATTACK IN PERSON.
His Charge Broke the Encircting British
Lines and His Force Got Away.
Specia! Carle Despatch to Tut SUN

LONDON, Dec 17 --A despatch from Maseru,
Basutoland, of yesterday's date saya Gen
De Wet attacked Lapberg and Warringham’'s
Store Ile made three determined assaults
on the British positions and led the third at-
tack in person With a few of his men he
charged through and the rest of his force
followed

A commando which has been endeavoring
to capture Thaba N’'Chu Nek has been re-
pulsed

Commandant Haasbroek with a commando
and two guns tried to force Springkauts Nek,
near Thaba N’Chu, but was repulsed with a

loss of forty men

KRUGER STOPS RUNAWAY TEAM.

Tells Secretary Who Jumped to Hereafter
Sit Still and Trast in God.

Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN.

THe Haase, Dec. 17.-While ex-President
Kriger was out driving in suburbs
last Wednesday his horses became frightened
at an automobile and ran away. One of
Mr. Kruger's secretaries, who was the only
other occupant of the carriage, jumped out.
The old Boer President stood up in the ecar-
riage and reaching past the driver, seized the
reins and soon pulled up the horses. He said
to his secretary when the latter rejoined him:
“Next time sit where you are and trust in
God.”

the

INDEMNITY FOR CATHOLICS.

Bishop Favier to Make a Fall Report of
Claims to M. Deicasse.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, Dec. 17.—A despatch to the Siecle
from Marseilles says Bishop Favier will re-
turn to France from Pekin in March for the
purpose of making arrangemnts with the
Government for a special indemnity for his
congregations in China. He is now collect-
ing all the information possible of the losses
sustained by the Roman Catholic mission-
anes during the Boxer uprising with a view
of presenting the statement to M. Deloasa’s
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and secur-
{ng reimbursement. The Italian mission-
aries, who are very very numerous in China,
intend to make a similar request of M. Del-
cassé, on the ground that Franoe holds a
general protectorate over Roman Catholic
interests in the Far bast

WONT ACCEPT LOOT FROM PEKIN.

 

France Orders the Sending of Art Treasures
From China Stopped.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Stn,

Paris, Dec. 17.—-The Mintster of Marine
has ordered that the sending of cases con-
taining art objects from China to President
Loubet for the various museums be stopped.
lie saya that in the opinion of the Govern-
ment these objects do not belong to the
soldiers who seized them in Pekin and other
places and should not be treated as war
prizes

 

Li Hung Chang Slightly U!.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

].onvON, Dee. 18.-The Pekin correspond-
ent of the Morning Post says that Li Hung
Chang has been suffering with a slight fever
for the past three days. Dr. Velde, sure
geon of the German legation, has visited
him 4

WE ACCEPT BRITISH CHANGES.

 

Minister Conger Instructed to Agree to Sug-
gested Amendment of China Note.

WASHINGTON, Deo. 17.-Secretary Hay
had a conference with the President this
afternoon about the status of the negotia-
tions at Pekin, and returning to the State
Department aent instructions to Minister
Conger, which, it is bellewed, will remove
any cause of further delay In the signing
of the preliminary agreement containing
the conditions with which the Chinese Govern-
ent must comply The conference was
based on a despatch from Mr. Conger, ree
celved to-day, in which he explained the
of the amendments suggested by
Saton, the Kritish Minister. It
by Mr. Conger's toessage that

these suggested changes are iminatenal,
ind that there is no real ground for the ree
ports that negotiations were seriously
jeopardized by Great Britain's course. One
ot the British proposals was that the ex-
pression that the conditions contained in
the agreement were irrevocable should be
modified. The other was that a clause ex-
planing why the Powers demanded the
yunisiment of Chinese officials should be
inserted in the agreement As these sug-
westions are regarded by this Government
as verbal and not affecting the principles of
the eonditions they are entirely acceptable,
Mr Con@er had been told in his eeneral
instructions that) reasonable modifications
would not be objectionable to the United
States, but in order that there might be no
further delay or any opportunity for mis-
understanding he was informed in the in-
structions telegraphed by Mr Hay this after-
noon that Was authorized to accept the
British sucgestions It is beliewed by the
Government officials that there is nothing
in the way to prevent the Powers fro as -
senting to the agreement and news that it
has been signed will be recelved tn a few
days

 

 

 

 

Henry Hart Gives Property to His Niece,

Henry Hart, formerly President of the
Third Avenue Railway, who is distributing
his property among his relatives without
waiting to give it to them by will, transferred
vesterday to his niece, Mrs. Edith F. Lyons,
77 to.81 Park row The property ia mort-
gaged for $125,000 and is valued at $275,000

A Well Equipped Brewery

with an uptodate clientage refers to CH. Evans &
Sons, Hudson, New York. —Adr,

 

 

Right to the Point

Service to S\ Louls via the Pennsylvania Railroad
suits the man whose time Is valuable —Ade.

ee

es

 

  
 

 

Wy

THIRD : NEGRO LYNCHED. | tunnia rotsnrn ny rere seas

INDIAN (1 WOR STRUNG starrer Pr
10 A TREE

Dragged Him From Jall in Spite of the

Sheriff the Governor Despatched a

Company of Militia, bat Ther Arrived

Too late Negroes Warned to Leave,

INpranar Ind, lec 17. “Whistling
Joe,” the third suspect in the nurder of Bar-
ber Simon at Rockport on Satardar nieht,
was taken from the jail at Boonville to-night
and strung up t> a tree on the main street
of the town, the Ivnching being witnessed
by several hundred people, though only
about one hundred men participated in it

The members of the mob made no attempt
at diswuise, but went at the work as deliber-
ately and apparently as free from excite-
ment as though it Was a mere matter of every
day urrence. Every street in the town
was guarded to prevent the possible escape
of the Sheriff with his prisoner, bul no demon-
stration was made against any of the citi-
ven who were on the street

The lynching at Rockport last night of
Bud Rowland and James Henderson, charged
with the murder of Simon, caused a relgn of
terror among the negroes of Spencer and
adjoining counties, and the whites held
meetings in Various places to-day and ordered
bewroes to leave the county

At Enterprise, a small town in Spencer
county, apublic meeting was held and thirty
colored families were ordered to leave by
morning. Similar action was taken at Troy
and the only two colored families at Grand
View were also ordered away.

“Whistling Joe” was arrested at Rockport
to-day, charged with participation in the
murder of Simon, AS Soon as he was turned
over to Sheriff Anderson, that official secreted
him in his house and this afternoon spirited
him to Boonville, Warwick county, where
he was put in jail

The Governor telegraphed the Sherif,
asking if assistance was needed, but received
noreply. The Governor was mnuch aggrieved
at last night's lynching and said that he
felt that the State had been again disgraced
He added that he was powerless to do any-
thing umless the county authorities called
upon him, but he would see that steps were
taken at once to bring the members of the
mob to justice

“Such lawlessness cannot exist) in
State, if it is possible for the power
of the State to stop it. If the authorities
of the county do not proceed in the matter
and find out who did this thing, and do all
in their power to wipe away this stain, Wien
the State will take a hand

At7 o'clock to-night the Sheriff of Warwick
county called up the Governor by long-dis-
tance telephone and notified him that “Whis-
tling Joe” had been placed in jail at Boonville,
from which place he was talking and that a
mob of several hundred people Was already
in the town and others were arriving every
moment He said he was powerless to pros
tect his prisouer if an attack were made upon
the jail, and asked the Executive to send
assistance immediately if possible The
Governor at once called upon the armory at
Evansville and ordered a company of militit
to have a special train made up at once and
go to Roonville to protect the negro Tso,
but the militia arrived too late

The mob began to assemble early in the
afternoon and the town was soon filled with
strangers. The Sheriff grew uneasy and
talked to some of the citizens about trying
to rernove his prisoner to Evansville, but they
advised him not to attempt it, as all the roads
leading to the town were guarded and the
prisoner would certainly fall into the hands
of the mob. While the officers were still

tte

this

lie sald,

'

 

} on

|

hesitating men began to arrive in squads of |

five and six at a time, and it soon hecame |

apparent that it would be useless to attempt
escape

Soon after dark the mob began to gather
around the fail and at 7°30 o'clock several
men appeared at the jail door and detnanded
the prisoner, The Sheriff refused to give
him up and appealed to the crowd in the name
of the law, but his words met cries of derision,
The door was battered down and the mob
entered the jail. “Whistling Joe” crouched
in the back of hie cell when the mob entered
put he sald nothing when dragged from hte
cell with a rope around his neck and two nen
back of him pushing him

When the jail doot was reached those on
the outside sent up a shout and the terrified
negro was picked up and carried to a tree
about fifty feet from the Jall The leaders
pressed him to confess Ile refused, and
prayed loudly for merey. The crowd grew
impatient and the rope was thrown over
the limb of the tree The strualing nero
was raised up and left dangling in the air
The mob then retired from the town and
the Sheriff cut down the body of the negro,
but life was extino!

When Gov. Mount heard of to-niatit's
lynching, be blamed the Sheriff of Spencer
county for uot notifying him of the condition
of affairs so he could have ordered the militia
to the scene earlier in the day and protected
the prisoner

SCHWAB. THE COMMUNIST. DEAD.

Vowed He Would Outlive Mr. Ottendorfer
Once Imprisoned as a Rioter.

Justus H. Schwab, the communist and pro-
prietor of the litte beer saloon at 50 First
street, which was a favorite meeting place
of the reds in ita day, died last night in his
home over the saloon of pneumonia He
had been seriously ill for two weeks and his
death was expected. But Schwab heard
that Oswald Ottendorfer, the German editor,
was aiso dangerously ill and he declared

that he would outlive him. The communist
did not agree with the editor

Schwab was born in Frankfort-on-the-
Main 64 vears ago When he was 16 veors
old he showed an inherited contempt for the
Prussian Army by spiking an old cannon
near his ‘home. Two vears later he stole a
Prussian flag and carried it hore His
father buried hall of it_and used the other
piece for a floor nop. When he was 21 years
old Schwab was obliged to enlist” and
promptly deserted. He left bis uniform in
a graveyard, put on plain clothes and es-
oaped to France

He came to this country thirty-one years
ago, learned the tinson's trade, and became
a labor agitator, He was one of the prisoners
arrested in) the ‘Tompkins Square riots in
January i874 The police found the bie
blonde-headed red it. a saloon with a red flag
draped about hia shoulders advocating the
abolition of the marriage laws andof property
In court he was asked if he had a trade

“Yes, Lam a mason,” he said, “but 1 wont
work I can only get $350 a day My em-
ployer makes hundreds What offers
me ia not enough to live on ”

Sohwab was sent to the penitentiary for
his allewed participation in the riot, buat was
pardoned by Gov. Dix

After that the communist
somewhat As there were
he married Louisa Schmidt, who bore him
four healthy. children, (wo beyvs and two
girls One of the bovs is a machinist, the
other a clerk in a ban

Schwab himeelf oppned a saloon and sold
beer on Sundays. He was arrested several
times for that and In 1876 was the hero of a
test case in which It was held that his beer
was not proved to be intoxicating

he

calmed down
marriags laws

 

The Train for Pittsburg.
Oniy $0.00 first class and $8.50 second class, New York
to Pittabura vie Belumore & Ohio R. RK. on “Pittaburg

    

 

Lamited.” e New York, South Ferry, 6:55 P. M.,

and Laberty street 700 P. M.; arrive Pittsburg 6.53

A.M. Puliman drawing-room sleeping cars.— Ads.
Antedilevian Rye. ‘

Aristocratie, old and fine —Aar,

|
|

ss SSS CTO

The Conarder's Ubrary and Saloon Planded
A Very Hough Paustaae

 

The «ingle serew Cunarder Unbria, which
tistialls this port from Liverpool
and Queenstown on Saturday, found heape
of weather in her course on the vovage she
finished yesterday morning She had her
storm doors on from the time she sailed inte
the from Queenstown harbor until
she wae within slat of the Long Island shore,

reaches

open

ond she needed them Nobody was hurt,
hot nearly everrbody who was not ised to
a life on the rolling deep stuck close by
staterooms, even at mealtime The bla
liner shipped lots of spray and the mere
frilis of mane crests on the first two days
eut Then, when she was somewhat less

than 1,000 miles from Queenstown, she ran

into the worst of the tumult Capt Dutton
save the seas were really mountainous, aa
is often recorded in the logs of the liners
That was on Wednesda when the Umbria
covered only 174 Knots, which Is a little less
than a third of her daily t when the seas
are quiescent

At noon on this boisterous day seme real
gray backs smashed shoard the shit Cie

mnighty crest leaped clean up to the 4
nade deck and descended on a ski halt over

One

the library and music room The skylight
had been covered with wooden shutters,
used in rough weather The real crest
stove them and made a hole in the shylimaht
letting down into the library and thence
inte the saloon a salty deluge There were
very few passengers in the saloon and none
in the library A temporary wooden ven-
tilating sheft, made for the ship when she
was in transport service, extending from
the promen ida deck down into the hold

and passing through the library and saloon,
was broken af the top Fearing that it
might collapse the officers had it sawed off
in the saloon a few feet from the floor The
chart room was partly stove and the top of
the port light was broken Other waves
lifted the flooring of the promenade deck
by smashing under the deck below

OSSINING IT IS TO BE.

Sing Sing Votes to Petition Legistature for
a Change of Name.

Sisco Sina, N.Y, Dee. 17. Sing Sing turned
out to-night at the biggest public meeting
ever held in the village, and with but one dis-
senting voice directed the officers of the meet.
ing to petition the Legislature to change the
name of the village from Sing Sing to Ossin-
ing. The enthusiasm displayed in favor of
the change astonished those who had been
fostering the project [hey expected that
old residents, inspired by sentiment and as-
sociation, would object, “The Kev. br J hn
P.) Hermanece, a retired Methodist minister
was the only one who spoke against the chanie
and in the voting he did not vote either for or
agatnustit: — The only person who voted agalnat
it was the Rev. Dr. Ferguson, pastor of
ity Fpiseopal Chureh. He said he bel d
in the change but did not want Ossining

 

  
 
 

   

 

Water Cormmissioner John Eo Jobnsen
was chairman of ineeting. He sald that
manufacturers eannot be induced to settle
here because the purchasing publie cannot
be led to believe that go ja coming from
Sing Sing are not made by prison labor Te

wanted to start the new century with a new
name ahd &@ Hew prosperity

His remarks were received with cheers
Seth G Eilegood, President of the vill:
introduced a resolution setting forth the de-
sires of the citizens, and petitioning the Lew
islature to acquiesce in a change from Sing
Sing to Ossining and to set off that portion
or the village in which the prison ts situated
and designate it as Sing Sing Prison Abra
Hyatt. ex-President of the village, ex-Judge
Milton © Palmer and others spoke in favor
of the resolutions The meeting adjourned
with three cheers tor the new Village of Ossin-
Ing

WHERE [8S THE REV. MR. JOHNSON?

Ex-Fire Chaplain's Uiness Attributed te the
Shocking Sights When the Saale Harned.

The Rev. James LeBaron Johnson, formerly
assistant rector of Grace Churoh and a clap-
lain in the fire Department, although he was
in this city last week after leaving the sani-
tariunivat Watkins, did not go Lo see his parents
Staten Island. tis father is the Key,
George PD), Johnson, rector of Christ Episcopal
Chureh at New Brighton, Ue said last night
that he knew nothing at all of his son's affairs

‘Since my son went to the sanitartum,”

said Mr. Johnson, “I have heard nothing
from him. Ge has not written a line nor has
he been to eee me, That was one of tue
mantfestations of the mental trouble with
which he was afflicted, Where he is now |
huve no idea, ”

Phe cause of Mr Johnson's break-down is
said to have been the strain he was put to in
attending all the big fires in his capacity of
chaplain lis experience at the North Ger-
man Lleyd dock fire in Hoboken last spring
is sald to have been particularly trving He
wus on one of the fire patrol boats and cane
near the Saale when the unfortunate men
imprisoned under the burning decks came
to the portholes and begged the men on the
fire bouta to rescue them The boats were
jowerless, but kept by the ship for some
Be, and Mr. Johnson exhorted the dying
men to meet their deaths courageously, and
didallin his power to comfort therm spiritually.
His friends say that this sight, combined
with the exhaustion and nervous strain he
had previously undergone, brought on mental
trouble

When his wife returned from Furope re-
cenuy Mr Johnson was in the sanitarium
at Watkins His wife went there, but he
would not receive her. She 1s now living
with her mother, Mrs Alesander Van Kens-
selaer, in this city

Chief Croker of the Fire Department saw
Mr. Jobnson in the city last week and thonght
he was looking vers well

STATE MAY LOSE DEPEW'S PORTRAIT.

 

 

 

An Attorney Threatens to Levy on Fnough
State Property to Pay Costs of a Suit,

ALBANY, Dee. 17.—Senator Chauncey M
Depew's portrait which he brought to Albany
a few days ago to hang in the gallery of for-
mer Secretaries in the Seoretary of State's
off] is in danger of being lost to the State

Recently the Secretary of State refused to
file the certificate of incorporation of a mem-
bership organization which had a foreign
name, because the law coquires that certifi-
eates of incorporation shall be expressed in
English The attorney, for the corporation
asked Justice Fursman for an order directing
the tiling of (he certificate, and If was granted
with eosts

Neither the Secretary of Rtate nor Attor-
ney-General have a fund from which such
costs can be paid, and the attorney for the
organization has written that unless they
are paid he will take out an execution against
the State and levy on enough State property
to pay the costs

The only property upon which he can levy
are the portaits of foriner Governors and
Secretaries of State the easiest colleetion
to reach is that in the Secretary of State's
oMiee, and the costliest one in that gromp is
that recently hung by Senator Depew

   

 

SETTLING UP CAMPAIGN

EXPENSES.

Mr. Payne Says the Kepublican Committee
Has Money Enough to Pay Its Debits,

Wasuinotos, Dec 17. -Henry C. Payne,
member of the Republican Nationil Com-
mittee from Wisconsin, called on the Pres-
ident to-day with Senator Hanna. He sald
afterward that he had been at the White House
simply to pay his respects to” President
MekKinley, and that he is in Washington to
help Senator Hanna wind up some of Fie last
campaign business of the committee

‘senator Hanna could not come
sald he, “so lcame to Washington. There are
a few claims, amounting to two or three
thousand dollars, that will have to be settled
up. The committee has enough money teft
over to pay its debts, and the campaign
did not cost over 60 per cent, of what it cost
in 1A

Perry Heath will be continued as secre-
tary of the committee, with headquarters
in Washington. There is a great deal of
correspondence which Chairman Hanna can-
net be burdened with, and Mr. Heath will
attend to that. This will take up his time
for awhile. How long it. will be necessary
for him to continue these duties is uncertain.”

West,”

Ivers & Pond Pianos.

you choose this make
handler's,

No regrets
lifetime, At
— Ade.

They last a
459 Fulton st., Hrooklyn,

Liquid Melod
received with favor everywhere

 

   

—Evans’ Ale—Ade.

| pespects

KNOCK-OUT DROPS AGAIN,

A C48F TN HERKIMER SIMTTAR 10
THe ONE IN PATERSON.

The Victim Taken to the Poorhoase When
Her Condition Hecame Serious After.
ward Takento the Home of Her Brother
in Little Falls, Where She Died Vesterday,

All Herkimer county is
aroneed over a crime whieh culm
nated thie aiternoon in the death in Little
Falla of Miss Morgaret Jennings, the vietinn
of knock-out drops The case ia in
similar to the Jennie Hosschieter
case of Paterson, Nod, and before the oMeial
investigation has been completed it promises
to invelve persons standing high in the seetal
et

Paitca, Dee 17

many

f Herkimer county

 

tp to Dee 5 Miss Jennings had lived wit!
her niece, Miss Nellie Franks, at iss Whites-
boro street, this city. She left on that date
golnw to Herkimer, and a few days ago she
was found in the Nelson House in that vil-
lage The proprietor thonght she was in-
toxicated and she was put to bed As she

fulled to come to her senses withina reasonable
time it dawned upon the landlord that prob-
ably the woman some drug
and a physician was summoned, The doctor

was a vielim of

said that the condition of the woman was
not serious, and it wi decided to remove
ler to the County Hous

After she had been there a few daya her

was notified and
where he found
At first she

Michael
the Connty Hous

brother Jennings
he went to
his sister eritieal condition
tailed her brother ond raved
constantly and mumbled incoherently. Her
was thought
her brother's
when the

 

ina
fo recognize
condition was 80 serious that i
inadvisable to remove her to
home in Little Falls until vesterday,
doctors agreed that she could be taken there
without jeopardizing her life

Dr. A.B. Santry was called upon her arrival
there After a thorough examination the
doctor expressed alarm at the seriousness

of the woman's condition and it was thoucht

advisable to call in Coroner Eveleth, so that
her ante-mortem statement could be tasen
Miss Jennings talked disjointediy, but suffl-
cient was leaned from what she said to
warrant the statement that she Was the vietum
of knouk-ou) drops
She said that : Dee 7 she fell in with
some young men in Herkimer, who took
her to “Wood's Vlace ” [It i< thought that
the Wood referred to is the Keeper of a saloon
and resort near the freigot house in Here
kimer Wood manifested s great interest
lin getting the woman out of the way, and

he secured the order from the Herkimer
poermaster to have her put fin the County

House at Middleville Wood accompanied
the woman to that institution The girl
told of several resorts into which she was

dragged by her male companions She also

told of drinking something trom a bowl

and of being escorted to the Nelson House
Wood

The girl's arms are black and blue and her

water

by

limbs were burned to a blister by hot
being applied to revive her There are
many marks made by the application of an
electric battery, evidently brought into play
by ber companions in the hope that this heroic
treatment might bring her to her senses

Miss Jennings died in Little Falls late this
afternoon in frightful agony. She raved
incessantly of her experience on the occasion
of her receiving the fatal potion

The vietim's brother, and, tn fact, the
whole community, demand that those im-
plicated in the brutal affair be punished to
the fullest extent of the law The facts will
be laid before the Grand Jury at Herkimer
within a few days and some startling revela-
tions, equalling in moral depravity the cir-
cumstances surrounding the murder of Jennle
Bosschieter, may be expected

On the heela of the death of Margaret Jen-

 

also

pings comes the assertion of a Little Falls
woman that on a recent visit to Herkimer
she was invelgled into a resort, where she

Hler testimony
in the official
girl's death

was droeged and outraged
will undoubtedly play a part
investigation of the Jennings
that will be started at once

Miller Saves Her Preliminary
Showed Remarkable Speed.

New Lonxnoon, Conn, Dee. 17 -If the of-
ficial trip of the new torpedo boat destroyer
Bailey equals the performance of the boat
in its preliminary testa off Newport last week
the United States Government will come into
possession of one of the fastest and finest

torpedo boats in the world. The Batley is
at present under the command of Capt. W.
A. Miller, the well-known master of the
reoord breaking steam yacht Kanawha
Capt. Miller was in town on Sunday and re-
ported the performance of the Batley on her
preliminary trial over the measured mile
course on Narraganset Bay something
remarkable

lhe record was taken by Charles Seabury
and officials from the Newport training sta-
tion The little craft went over the course
which is technically 6,083 feet, a nautical mile,
three times The first run was made in two
minutes one second, the second in exactly
two minutes, and the third in one minute,
fifty eight seconds

The Bailey carries a crew of fifty-eight
She is 210 feet long, 19 feet 6 inches wide and
hasadraugh. of feet Sinches ‘The contract
calls for a speed of thirty knots an hour for

Capt. Trial

two hours The trial will probably take
ace on Wednesday or Thursday off New
London

WRECK ON THE DPD. 1. A OW

 

Meat and Freight Trains in Cottiston—A
Complete Smash-Up.

DANSVILLE, Dee. 17 —A bad wreck oe-
curred on the Delaware, Lackawanna and

Western Railroad at this place early this
morning. A meat train wos going east and
was running on to a switch to. make room
for another train soon to come down When
half over on the switch another treight train
going west came thundering down the grade
the engineer having lost control of it, and
the trainmen not being abie to stop it with
the brakes

The smash-up was complete, and the cars
with their contents were: cattered about
for a long distance The locomotive of the
Westbound train was badly wrecked, and the
engineer, Albert Garrison, was so badly
injured that he cannot live It took all day
to remove the wreck

ANOTHER BILTMORE?

Report That Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbiit May
Porchase a Carolina Estate.

RaLetan, N ©, Dee a7 It is reported
that Mrs Cornelius Vanderbilt, who is visiting
at George Vanderbilt's country home, Bilt-
more, in western Carolina, will purchase an
eatate in the mountains adjacent for the pur-
pose of building a magnificent home

All Hilliard'’s Nurses Under Arrest.

Edward © Dean and J R- Davis, two of
the nurses from the Insane ward at Hellevue,

who were dismissed by Commissioner Keller
vesterday after he had investigated the death
of Louis H. Hilllard, as told elsewhere in
Tue Stn, were arrested early this morning
on their return by detectives from the Fast
Thirty-fifth street station, and were locked
up in the station Marshall, the third nurse,
was arrested earlier in the evening and is
locked up in the Tombs

 

 

Deerfoot Farm Sausages

Made of the tender meat of dairy fed fat young pork-
ers, daintlly seasoned with selected spleea Try a
two-pound package at ones. Hieware of imitations
Ad

 

Few and Far Between

are the travellers who, having once used the Penn-
sylvania Limited, travel by any other train between
New York and Chicago.—Ar~

2 Sun.

1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

ED

| DEBATE ON CANAL TREATY.

 

ne cS A SE

WATCHMAN “Hoots THIFF.

Wergiar Caught Near Broadway
Dring in the Hospital,

A negro burglar was shot twee, in the head
atroldni@ht last nia@ht by a
private watehman in the office of Bajun a
Tahelram, importers of Fast Indian goods at
iS Kaat Seventeenth street, as he was about
to make off with $1,000 worth of valuable
silks The burglar is dying in the New York
Hospital and the watchman la under arrest

A&A Negre

and the abdorie

the burglar says he is Henry Johnson,
a6 years old, living at 205 West Forty-fifth
street The watchman ts Charles Fromin,

in the employ of the tholmes Buralar Alarm
Companys time after 11 o'clock last
night Johnsen forced an entrance Into the
building at 15 Bast Seventeenth street with-
out being noticed The elevator was opon
and he turned on the power and rode up to
the third floor, After locking the elevator |
he smashed the glass door ofthe oMce of Sajun
& Tahelram Thenoie of the falling glass
attracted Watchman Fromm and he started
for the elevator He found the door to the |
shaft locked so he walked upstairs. When
he reached the third floor he met Johnson |
The burglar was coming out of the _s
|
|
|
'

Some

with a bundle under his arn
The watchman ordered Johnson to stop
The burelir drew a heavy wrench from
his pocket and threw it at Fromm. The
watchman dodged the missile and Johnson
ran at Fromm pulled his revolver
and fired twice Both took effect and the |
burglar dropped
Fromm telephoned to
pital for an ambulance and to the police
The ambulance surgeon said the negro could
hardly live through the night |
Detectives Lockwood and Sheehan of the |
West Twentieth street statlon on hearing |
}
|

him

the New York Hos- |

this placed Fromm under arrest. He Ives |

164 Park avenue, Brooklyn
The office the burglar broke open has been |
robbed four thues recently without any clue
to the thieves being obtained

at

TARRED AND FEATHERED WRONG MAN.

White Caps of Colorado Malitreat a Respect-
able Negro Workman.

WarnsunBERG, Col, Dec. 17.—White Caps,
organized here to hunt down and punish |
the men responsible for recent petty robberies,
wot hold of the wrong man on Friday night |
“doa respectable negro. The
at Pictou working over the |
He was seized by the members
and his protestations |

was bound and carried to a
hot tar kettle His clothes were torn from
his back and a coating of tar administered
and then some feathers were applied

and mialtrente
mui Was
mine duimy

 

seen

of mob despite

and strumeles

 

 

Now let's sea who he is,” said one of the
members of the committee and they looked
at the negre more close's All knew the |
man as one of the most respectable in the
camp and one that the company trusted
implicitly |

The package that he was carrying was
found to contain his own clothes. The man
was then taken to 4 von and the com- |
mittee proceeded to serape off the tar as best
they eould They took some skin off with |

it, and when they bad Anished the man was
almost crazed with agony. He was then
filled with liquor, some money was placed In
his pocket and two men carried him home to |
his wife. They wave her to
keep silent, and then they disappeared

eotne money

DECLINED PINGREE'S INVITATION. |

 

Supreme Court of Michigan Will Not He
Present at His Dinner.

Detrotr, Mich, 17 Pingrea
conceived the idea of wiving a sort of wood. |
bye spread at Lansing and gave carte blanche
to one of the hotela in Detroit to furnish the |
dinner, waiters and everything in connection
With it He sent out typewritten invitations |
informally worded, closing with the sentence,
“lil guarantee you will have a good time "
The dinner is to occur at Lansing in the Senate
chamber to-morrow evening

Among others whom the guesta were in-
vited to meet were the members of the Su-

Dec Gov

preme Court of Michiaan, but that court
solemnly this afternoon voted unanimously
; hot to accept, Possibly it

that the Governor is to furnish all known
drinks at the dinner which shocked the dis-
tinguished Judwes of the highest court of the
State, but the more probable explanation
is that they decided thus openly to snub him
in revenge for his frequent criticisms of them
through interviews in the Detroit papers
Such men as former Governor John T. Rich
have also declined the invitation. There isa
report this evening that the Senators may

'

|
|
'
'
|
}
|
was the rumor
|
!
|

refuse to have their chamber used as a dining
room, but this is not authenticated

BURGLARS TORTURE A WOMAN.

Tried to Force Her to Tell the Combination
Didn't Succeed.

SHanon, Pa, Dee, 17
burelars visited the home of Mra. John Bell,
a widow living near Coaltown, last night
and attempted to force her to open a safe
in the house Mrs. Bell was alone with her !
granddaughter, Miss Sarwent. The burglars
got in by smashing an cutside door Mrs
Bell told the men that she could not open
the safe, as she did not know the combination

Phe robbers then twisted her arms, threat-
ening to burn her feet and otherwise torture
her They carried her to the safe, mot a
can of oil and threatened to pour it over
her and touch a match. Then they became
convinced that the woman did not know
the combination and left after tuking &s
and all the jewelty they could tind

of a Safe
Three moesked

3 THIEF EDITS THE BIBLE

Finds ®55 Hidden There, Takes @25, and
Writes “Do Others of They Will Do You."

OmMana, Neb, 17. tlugh Hawthorne
of ive’ Eornam street hid a number of bank-
notes between the leaves of his Bible, and
fancied that it must be a hardened criminal
indeed, who would look for material wealth,
instead of spiritual riches among the sacred
pages But yesterday just such a thief dis-

ered the money. However, he took only
$25 of the $55 there.
Before leaving Hawthorne's room the thief

Dee

 

niade several alterations in the Seriptural
text Under one of the bank notes he dis-
covered the golden rule and with his lead
pencil made it read “Do others or they
will do vou” At another point he added a
few words to the commandment and sub-
stantiated his particular conduct in this

manner: “Thou shalt not steal than

enough for current expenses ”

more

 

 

Brown Hoisting Company and Fiwell-Parker

|
j
$1,000,000 PIRE IN CLEVELAND.
Electric Company Burned Oat.

CLEVELAND, Olito, Dec, 17.—The great plant
of the Brown Hoisting and Conveving Company
and the emalier plant of the Elwell-Parker
Electric Company were destroyed by fire |
this morning, with a loss of nearly $1,900,000.
The firemen worked in a high gale, and the |
fire had gained such headway when they be-
gan operations that it was impossible to save |
the buildings. The Brown Hoisting Company te |
one of the largest companies of its kind in the |
Lnited States It had a large number of
Government contracts under wav, the work
upon ahieh is totally aestroved

An Everlasting Gift.

Your friends will remember you pleasantly if you
resent them with @ Waterman Ides) Fountain Pen
‘or Christmas it's a gift that grows in value dally. |
All coatera, or L. E. Waterman Co,, 167 Broadway. |
Ade

Partly cloudy and warmer to-day;
fair to-morrow,

| States

| falsity

ithe “sere and vellow leaf”

ee

PRICE TWO CENTS.

VOTING ON THR
THURSDAY,

SENATE 10 HRGIN
AWERNUWENTS ON

rhe One Striking Out Articte 110, Which
Invites the Adherence of Other Powers,
and theOne Dectaring Thatthe Pending
treaty Supersedes the Claston-Balwer
Treaty Will Re Adopted .The Friends
of the Treaty Are Confident That All
Other Amendments Wilt Be Defeated
That the wilt Then Be
Katined by at Least Sixty-four Votes,

and Treaty

Wastin: lee, 17. At 8 o'clook on
‘Thureday alternoon the Senate will begin vote
ingon the pending amendments to the Hay-
Pauncefote Canal treaty and those that may
be offered hereatter, In executive session
to-day this programme was agreed to without
the formality of a Both houses of
Congress wil adjourn on Friday until Jan, 8.
The two amendments striking out Artiole IIL,
which Invites the adherence of other Powers
and declaring that the pending convention

supersedes” the (layton-Bulwer convention,
will be adopted, and those in charge of the
treaty niident that all other proposed
amendments will be defeated by a majority
of ten or twelve vote They say also that
there will be \ty-four votes (st
more than for ratification
Phe treaty will be submitted

TON,

vote

are co

at
necessary) chat
when ratified

lenst si

| again to the British Government for approval,

and itis the general opinion of Senators that
it will be accepted

After the agreement to-day, Mr. Butler
gave notice that hereafter he would object
to any unanimous consent fixing a day fora
Vote on any important before the
Senate. He declared that such agreement.
were likely to lessen the interest of Senators
in the subject under discussion, and polnted
to the fact that the knowledge that an agree-
ment would be reached on the treaty to-day
without opposition had caused the chamber
to be emptted during executive session and
compelled Mr. Money to speak practically to
empty benches, there being, Mr. Butler sald,
only three Republican Senators in the cham-
ber while Mr Maer addressing the
Senate on a question of policy for which the
Hepublican party was responsible

Mr Butler did not say so, but it is under-
stood that lis statement was intended to be a
notice to the hepublican managers that he
would not permit any unanimous consent
in advance for a vote on the Shipping Subsidy
bill. Mr. Butler added that when the Senate
had discussed questions to its satisfaction
there would probably be no difflleulty in reach-
ing an agreement, but he warned the Repub-
lican managers that he should be present
to prevent an agreement being reached ata
thuoe when he believed it to be unwise

The discussion of the treaty to-day was
participated in by Senators Money and Mason
only ‘They permitted to make their
speeches without Interruption. Mr. Money
in the outset declared it to be his desire to
first defeat the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, and
then, by specific enactment, to repeal the
Clayton-Rulwer treaty That being done,
he sald the Senate ought to at once pass the
Hepburn canal bill, which was now on the
Senate calendar, and proceed with the work
of bulidiag the eanal ~

Mr. Monev read at grent
speech of Stephen A
Senate,

the ¢

subject

ey was

were

    

leneth from the
Ponglass, in the United
delivered a few years
after ivton-Bulwer treaty had been
negotiated. Mr. Douglass was the only man
in the Senate who made any active opposition
to the ratification of the treaty. He opposed
iton the ground that he wanted no partnere
ship with Great Britain in respect to the tran-
sit route, that such a partnership would be
productive of constant misunderstandings
and disputes, instead of being a bond of peaca,
and he urged the Senate to reject the treaty
and call upon the Executive to send to the
Senate the Hise treaty, that it might be ratl-
field with such amendments as the Senate
might see fit to make

only

Mr Money showed that Mr. Douglass took
| this view in order that the United States
might have the exclusive control over the

transit route, and might open it to the world
on such terms as were compatible with Amer-
icun interests) Mr. Douglass also opposed
the treaty on the ground that he would never
enter into any compact with Great Brttain
or any other Power with respect to the Amer
ea continent, by which the falth of the na-
tion should be pledged for all time to come
never to annex or colonize such portions of
the continent as our interests and safety
would inevitably compel us to annex at some
future day. He did not desire to annex the
country then, but insisted that the time would
come when we would be compelled to exer-
cise furisdiction over that isthmian route
The speech of Mr. Mason, because of ita
conservatism, was a surprise to the Senate,
Much of it was devoted to a discussion of
{nternational law and an exposition of the
of the claim put forward by Great

Britain that she had any right or voice tn
yroposed construction of an isthmian cai
Baik by this Government without the assist-
ance ol any other nation. He declared that
it was the first time in the history of all the
world that any great nation had been asked
to make an investment of an enormous gum
of money for a great _ work for the
benefit of riankind and for the commerce
and trade of the world, and to agree in ad-
vanee that it would not defend that wo. uo
any way it might see fit

The proposition was absurd on its face
and he declared that any man who belleve
that the American people would not defen
that work againet any public enemy did not
understand the character of the American
people lhere were, he said, but two con-
clusions that could be reached, if the treaty
were ratified without @ Teservation granting
this Government the right to fortify One
was that while we could not protect and
detend, we could and would destroy the
canal il that were necessary — The second was
that the treaty was intended only to be kept
in time of peace, and that in time of war it
would be deliberately violated For that
reason Mr Mason urged that his amend-
ment, which was as follows, should be adopted;

‘Provided, that if the United Statesffshall
build said eanal at its own cost and expense,
then, and in that event, nothing herein cone
tained shall prevent the United States from
making such defence thereof as {t shall deem
proper

Mr Mason declared that no one would deny
the power or the legal right of the United
States to abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
It vas a compact between two nations that
could be nuliitied whenever either of the
parties thereto believed it was operating to
its disadvantage

In making aney or amending an old treaty,
he contended, a nation had a right not ents
to expect, bul to demand, that the new treaty
should be in consonance with the times and
the conditions under which it was negotiated
It should consent to nothing prejudicial to
{tk own interests, for the door of abrogation
wae always open, and should Se used openly
and honorably unless it was prejudicial ta
the natural rights of another or robbed an.
other nation of either vested rights or the

consideration it had yielded to secure the
treaty,
In disenasing this polnt Mr, Mason declared

that Fneland had no natural rights in Central
America (o dietate terms to the United States

as to the use of its own property The only
consideration Great Britain had parted with
was an agreeinent to respect the Monroe
doctrine, contained in the treaty, which

agreement It had openly violated as {it had

also vtoleted the agreement not to colonize
in Central Amerien
The fact that

England wag passing into
the wav of all
ane oo ceENSINERAEERE
Nothing Fise So Comfortsbie
traina of the New York Central
North and West every bour
perfect Adt

' ° great
ase for the

KM, weTvice

which
Scenery,

 

 

A Bottle of Evans’ Ale Symbolizes
al! that's worth knowing !n the artof brewing. —Ade

 

a

ee eee

    
        
 

ara ai
Sac

eR AE
ee

pean OA rer