VOLS

LXXX, NO. 182,

SUBWAY CONTRACTS et #3 10 xa coon wives SUFFRAGETTES RIOT

READY TO-MORROW

jiiree Days May Elapse Be-

of

fruit

fore They Pass Board

Estimate,

}\TERIAL CHANGES MADE

hive Cont Fare to Coney Island
Within Eighteen Months
Is Provided,

of harmoniaing and

questionabl

moved

Service

many
ird

aneit com-

f Estimate
the

tikures of

o

 

" ne after midnight at

Fi ! sand tangled
over

man Will-

nission Said tha

final revision Was
Public
vf the
hie

would

Was not ¢
to de
rd te

yest

it h be able

the work goes forw -
s it
r the ¢

on Ir

did rday

  

“mmission to

 

idaveooh
aay,

sould be far, he

mover

’ tt

Lina the contracts

i 1 The majority of the
has been repr
Lk

shouider to

esonted

and
Worked

Willicos

t ‘ t conferences

 

i scent MeAneny
t vi M

 

wedopet

on

and wiry pM

Hinission
» Board o1
that the

contracts

Mstimate That
Work oo
not take
week

le contract ts mad
sLerdas
Maltbie, the

ean actual
would

nent

 

well inte
int

nees Ve

con fer ere
to Cammeissis

Mr.

hee
Will
rvice Commission
Mr. Malibie poin

were too

critic of
* elie s-
there
His eriticisms have re ed
vot of the contracts
be met. eon

different aspect

v the
very
do now.
changes which have
s; oe the public hearings
rided having been
The commission and the mem
Board of Estimate iric
is possible to incorporat :
»- proposed, One «ot
‘ ns provided in unmist
five cent fare to Coney 1
whteen months A
ut two Weeks age. s
heen in Mr. Wilk
th, and wus t
t the draft of
Tint Pransit contract which
f ! e hearing did neat
uo provision was agreed
vesterday morning
Manges Were
said le
f the
material ch “hes
intent om
form and tnade the
mMypanies iron lad
mM Went into session
morning at 11: hive
F Chairman Willeox were Commis-
£ Willloms, Eustis and Ma!
soner Cram told Mr. Willcox
he wasn't needed. Bor-
MeAneny, tjorough
of The Bronx and Kor-
Cromwell of Richmond
eoreosented the Board of WUstimate.
resent were Le Roy T. Hark-
f the commi: ms lawyers
Whitney, secretary of ¢
i A. FL Weber, its lief
flan, and EK. R. Hill, consulting
envineer, ¥ > $s an authority on elec-
equipment,
ference sat until
an afternoon session
whieh lasted until after 6
was held at the oftice of the
At $:30 o'cloels the con-
went oon again at Mr. Willeox's
° Commissioner Maltbie was
‘one speeches against the contracts
oklyn and couldn't be present,
rd Was sent to Col, T. S. Willlams,
of the BR. RT. that he was
He reached Mr. Willcox's
4 about ¥ o'clock and stayed for
} ~ and a half. With him came
» Yeomans, lawyer for the
Col, Williams considered two
ree points whieh had arisen in
se of the conference and an
Pereemnent was reached,

 

 

what

from

heon
Mr. W ‘
the result of

nade

“us

  

f the Have

Wiewdsts

terins

ihe

akalle

 

tel
THe Sus
uch a pre
mind
an
Brooklyn
cume
pres ide

ons
it wPenerh
tiie
up
for
to at
ferences

fost of the «

 

° lt wa ast

reade revi
notice

sions put

n inte clearer

the uf t}

ie ¢

z4 1 f the ¢
mmissl

$0 ocloe)

 

thle

sed
ident
Miller
esident

Pre

 

 

if

a

 

o'clock,
eean
iter.
tt
mnussion

nr M,
a]
H lent

a

at

-*

Most ot the day's work was spent on
eT fo 'T contract and the certificate
{1 will operate extensions to

rd dines, The disputed Frantk-

enne route, whieh provides the

* link In the proposed sound to
Poo rapld transit route, was not con-

This route Is not a part of the
svotem and has been foughe vigor-
property owners alone the line
Interborough contract was not
except in se far as clauses In
ntlenl with those in the T. ft.
'ruct Work on the Interborough
ects will begin to-day, and the dis-
oof it will go far into to-morrow,
‘ops longer,

Will he sessions this afternoon
The members of the com-
id the Board of Mstimate who
re frendiy to the plan are anxious

Non and the final
© pushed swiftly
beleve he

 

ele

one / night

us as the
to consistent
(hon oof the city’s interest,
thisstoner Maltble said last
eis net as hostile to subway ex.
Peovton in Brooklyn as people in that
Pars ich seemed to think. Tle
* tad that he is anxious to give

cone
with

night

! ;
ical

t'a tinued on Second Pane,

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
+ Menu

chee of 6 glase’stoppered bottles.—Ade, | band at Miore’s suggestion,

from |

two!

consideration
i

Mrs. Heath.
. . ‘ s e tno s
He f World's P t » | Women Porsac Asquith and Police : It is rumored that many thousands of
rad a orld’s Baptist Allie Ais 4 te ince | soldiers from Tchataldja are marching
_ rts o son,
: WO , » : Ley on to the capital
anee Nagged From Pastor- kwental Cabte Tivapateh to Tae. & + Mrs Jalan Heath, national president i
| DENINED SC Pea eC ow eM nivel fO nL ak eninntit ' i Gite League, announced | Turkey seems to be playing a big
7g s ‘ | yes : 5 te ; ‘ Pad ’ ‘ ey es League, ¢ ( :
ate, I riends Say. } Lont Jan 20.--Undismaved by the i iat wn lannih {biuff. Half of the 60,000 transport ani-
as mit Na ve enugrue & ‘
aac ail sentences imposed in the Bow street °°" a . . : ny. wide an aa {mals at Tehataldja are dead or sick from
police court to-day, n number of saf- | °° (RIUARUFAte & couniiywies ee | . ; ‘
Avtanta, Ga, gan 20.—Dro Robert hs vit , : WiNitne Ret ta oblect the elvie| lack of food. The roads are in a de
fragettes followed Dt er Asquith to m . |plorable condition and the advance of
St art t} ? d vf he F d's ¢ “oe eo y 3 t 1
dart MacArthur, head of the World's yen. in Pifeshire. this evening, and)! @ Suarantece to housekeepers that | the army {s impossible. Many soldiers |
Saptist 1 has t ered his resig- aker eh ote. arocery ee <tr
iptist Alliince, has ed ©" Fcentinued ther militant ta@es outside Keri ‘ Hops, grocery stores) are clamoring for return to their homes
nation as pastor of the Tabernacle Bap ‘ a!) places where foodstuffs are soldjand are displaying hatred for their
; of oa hall in whieh the Premier was ! officers
uss t Institution of ‘ogdressing his constituents. \ strong are clean and wholesome and have suc. | ONcert . ;
4 ; ‘ Noe ) ! Panis, Jan. 30.—The Constantinop!
its cordon of constables Was drawn around ssfilly passed inspections rrespondent of the Matin also reports
corre onde i é ais: € §
; Pane : eres Seu _ Mi un Sa I AMC’ PEGE have signs ,a mutiny of the soldiers at Tehataldja
f factional d ! ‘ pee Ikesses as the om t s t Ne na n e front windows of stores! The correspondent says that forty-two
ight about cer ‘ rnes . ta! ; ei CORE rah tn ae Bee es ty if date nd r of in- | office were murdered and 170
ileits won vain me oof ther Was ‘ }
ithe church, Althe lor. MacArthut ; . Tames V T will be the star yf) Woun Civil war is b apreading
prepared against repulse She had a) amp of} Sctie
‘ at his dutit \ ‘ 'opapers containing red pepper, whict proval of Housewives League and
“ us Alliant demiatid Ss entire he biew inte the faeces of tl officers | lousehee rs Will be urged to patronize ALLIES END PEACE TALKS.
. j yw " '
‘ mn ale tie iela proman Who apposed det She Was arrested niv those piace where sien {s a
ie} rset adm FOstay The situation is so tense that the |e ‘ (Present Jotut Note to Tark Dele-
1 5 Pati eae Tp SU UOC CES ECE SEE we ote fall out There is te be ne ‘white list’ ner gutes——Reply Promised,
‘ i urvat ra "1 ) uw their friends brok u thre ht e } eath sa las rhyt
Dra Mr Mae? im Will ‘ if amaating 4 i =H iy set pe ' . oe vie ee : ee ‘ 4 r Specal Cable Despateh to Ths Sus
. A ‘ Wee : € aay parts ere " > udve s you nA ; . ae athe ‘ yr
Ationta for New Yor n rida {is held toed n tando AN cies GRAAL Hike ; : riccuatc eto : ‘ : Lonxvon, Jan 30--Although the peace
i M See kal nt a neal Banize- kind. We will simply ask permission yogotiations ure off the armistice has
porters said t antie Mv tit heen siding witl sore c lace . oarde i " Kosa ay eS y
\: 1 ad “n ! mi ountil fae fl i A nti cou “i peat are ee no the windows of not been denounced and the action of
. ' ' ‘ ood t ow ‘ 1 rriupet yorlrr ' . a atCCORR He aie : rs
‘ tne disrust % : H xe s ‘Hien aon sl ncn successfully passed the allied governments in this direc-
; i teary Rob *, member spection. Then we will carry on aig; indicater
A split Was) narre ‘W y averted t from Norwieh, was ad- campaign of education among hovse- ti Alp iB BoN ae ated ae on ;
ay When Dr SacArtiars: ints miee ting The women wives to get. thet at > Is PHOT SEB INSEE SLO PRO e UU ern ey
\ f itualistic ser nd his! 4 : Bowes Lae a” BS rm to patronize only ory the outcome of the present situation,
- pee pene : y Be Wanted to know what the party wos those places where cards. are exhibited Turkeys reply, which Is expected to
at + — . Ke s opty, mic - 3 -
: : ee going dheut votes for women and 1 where there is no doubt but that) dey, will dodge a direct answer, it: is
estr ged mie t M desi members why the praeent Moeniste had not been gnd where thar . doubt th oA i i i cr ; ie i '
: ehureh. HI itrodueed ; turned o Interrupters were elected carry with them their own guarantee | cPOre’: Pe ee Dee encre
sponsive ft ne in the sers ‘ t! t nf See teers ee as to surrendering Adrianople and leav-
} } ng i re 1 n % < ena ve the e« » tere . . ;
rohed choir a niste: ; 7 Sera et ; aire: i aye vc oe ae igh to-day ine the question of the 42gean isles
: 7 le =6cOs Heut t nh piate for a trip to irginia Test) Virginia, ere faa
He is alse si by certain momber sigan) not yet twen: falsed, put the {Maryland and: ponsibly other states. in to the big countries
eon ontoef sympathy with th ompanies say it will t raised if the KG See nit : Seren ene It is sald it will propose the establish-
‘ KUeES si it ith tee sed i ! ymnection ¥v , jes as ni ni , , ‘
nfirrmars home fer working girls.) yindow smast ae rare ee : aah a ' rdaties as national) ment of a neutral zone of Adrianople
hea Tash BR ventinues eu Wesider ‘ nn eit e in an cee
Hib ynference and other 1a (oR Rat aHbae Ce hn nIntor be ae ‘ Ace STTORLITT RNR OUTGAE IERESRIENETHAT with the dismantling of the fortifica
TEP f+) ) * . : re : s tions and the granting of extraterri-
. athe Pate glass window werth $760 belong- Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, wife of the ni, rights to the Moslems \ similar
yi ae : : ’ e ial ws to th Most § “A Simul
ing te the biataburg-American Steam President-elect has been chosen as, scheme Was proposed some time ago,
Dr. MacArthur resigned mt t yo ship Company's office to honerary vice-president of the sue | t the alllos at time intimated
ary Bayt t nae 1 in this The os vk tered ae BLroved at it would not be accepted
; September 22 1911, having held quantities of letters In: pe rvoxes In the There is ho reason to suppose that it
it fe Inore than forty-one yea Tn West Iend by pouring in corrosive sub GIVES $30.000 TO EMPLOYEES. Will be more aeceptable now than it was
Mareh, 1912, he accepted the call to tine , imate \ letter addressed ta Llovd os ance fat that time Indeed, it is suggested
Baptist Tabernacle in Atlanta George, a friend of the suffrauette 860 te Bach of 500 Workers on Corn, that the breaeh of the negotiations may
Pay t . 3 tr ter 36 Laarst imte ames hen ji is ’ a! oe
oe the Revs Dr. Len u } ul ‘ i it n fam When it w Machange'’s GOth Birthday, lhe traced to the fear of the allies that
who went to Christ Chureh, 1 ; ken In hand by a postman 1 x | the Powers may press the acceptance of
\ number of suffragettes were ar- Nhe Corn Exchange Bank made gifts} ini or some similar middle course
TO RESUME WORK AT SARDIS, | '"'"!, Wits tecsisht tor smashing wins of $80 each to ire 500 employees Yes | rhe delegates of the allies presented
a ' ; a kece ‘ t t é s
, dows In the olonlal Cefiec erday on 1S OCCA MON te SINthe to techad Pasha, head of the Turkish
(of the thirty suffragettes who were anniversary total of the gifts Was) aapsation he note breaking off the
Prinecton Excavation: Expedition: sentenesd this morning twenty-nine | $30,000, cm its tiftic anniversary aj. n ; , ms shortly after noon!
‘ og ations § Lis i ae
Gets New Torhkish Permit, continue to declare that they will put gift of $50 was made to ereh employee Me allies fear that the Turk-
‘ t rime iffielal rough the 1 Ty vrowth of this 2 t j wee
Sperial Cable Despatch to Tr Svs y 2 te n Ne to : , ' Hye Bei of} The growth ; hi ip ak jis shewn ip ish troops will not follow the lead of the
; WaNGMNE a ae trike Mrs es- Tn comparison of its deposits now and } fara ‘ {
Spas § 24 il oubt ’ eae ‘ ' Young Turks, and that in view of in-
Loxne Jan, 29 Ail doubt as : pard, sister of Sir Jehn French, the fifty years ago. One vear after iis open. ! na} F n ia + iene the new
* ther the excavations t Sardis, ! . ‘ 4 , , ternal compleations < » ’
vhethe he excavations a ardis, in fainous cavalry general, wes fined $10) ing on Mebruary 1, 1843, its danuaite s a Ma} smaudcshefket. o IA
' { " 7 ‘ere St te ’ : . 1 ri i, is ‘ ‘fhet ‘ i
Asia Mino which were started by oor given her cholee of two weeks in ; were S58 ..000 [ts net deposits now =i : As riy vay before the energeti cis
tet . Y ? . , > vt, ‘ . t e ! We , ) > > .
Princeton University expedl! on, Would’ jail, She took the two weeks, but some | aggregate about $60,000,000, It has LL ieecd tbe
he stopped because of the Balkan war unknown friend or admirer paid her! ewaont Fe ay a ST ee eee Lara Mesh Oo REE ALLS
nt aio wes ee 1 ‘twenty-nine branches and will open a The situation {n Constantinople is
was dissolved to-day by the receipt Of fine, and the prison officials thrust her! yew one on March | at Fourth avenue, Parser Yr nd Italy
a cablegram from Mr, Rockhill, the from the jail against her protests She! ind Twenty-ninth street ceils sya iy Bekele cing mint
Ame Ambassador at Constanti-|js the only woman arrested Tuesday ! *} 4 en concentrated large naval forces at the
, troshy Butler The bank opened tn temporary quar-! entrance of the Dardanelles, ven Aus-
ta Prof. Howard Crosby Butler! who is not serving her time, except! ters at 67 Pearl strect. The present am SOA eee) Se ‘i : a
t i ve Sit SC} tr me ‘ } « 5 re. er
vf Pring eton, in whieh ip was announced sylvia) Pankhurst, whe, disregarding nuild was f i in Y8t4 Mdward SUA RRDY RES) Ot oeree. eee Ole
; ) ul Bw Wi , ir { ‘ rm fants (iran eu Ww tatty ee . he
that a new trade had been issued al-' her statement of the day before thats we von ; ' , , Watshiy oO be in readiness to go to the
pe fa ' tinue his ; W. Dunham, fest prosident, Con- wast at any moment
lowing the professor to continue hisithe violence was jusi beginning, prom- | iinued In office for nineteen vears. Hel it iw not thought that the complicas
renearel iwed to be good until her case is tried was sieceeded by William A. Falls, fol Nin lca a will threaten
Prof. Butler lef: for Constantinople Mrs. Drummond, the ‘general’ of the |, aan In I8S4 b Willis m A Na h. t Bue mi) ae Peat Hiei 1 It ie a
' ’ ‘ ‘ ' i \ i + WAST, Che , > ao eur Mee
to-night. Tle expeets to leave Constan- rioters, a woman of vears and bulk, sent chairman of th i Bie eee ae. t ’ 1 iy 1
> ; | : ese chairman o ® board, eves ti 8 ow ri * orde -dav
tnople on February 4 direct for Smyrna, went to jail with the oihers, promising | !"5,, BidsHh RUal? Brew wa Pea ves this Is shown ni aoe . ar a
} ‘ esident erik rew as elo dito bane rondo) soldiers serve
where the other members of tne expe- to starve herself. She seornfully re-+ ‘Gi ' disvand 1 i BOIGIOTS WHO BE
dit'fon are awaiting nim fused to pay a $10 fine whieh was im- | |" in the War in fPipot rat reqataeth
: f ; ¢t of tt tte he > he
Prof. Butler is delish over the. posed, and chose to go to jail for two _ one text af the note nan Nae
. j 1 o ‘ risis gates ey the allies is as
news from Constantinople, He says weeks, TO MAKE PRIVATE BANKS SAFER. ’ MEE USES AY : , t ‘
that since his arrival in I.ondon al The other women who were arraigned ONO SY
‘the English, the Germans and othera with ber all had the same choice, and The plenipotentiaries of the allied
he unglish, i y § Ln Bah The ‘ * “Senator Foley's BIN Provides for tj.) 1 States having, since the sus-
have been telling him that Tur- all chose fail They bad expected to at ' a ,
. * » nsite ' mw Work , ile eee Cone
key, with a war on her hands, would be sent to prison and their frfends | Ample Cash Reserve. panel ne oe o ' of ; a ‘ Ben,
7 ‘ Perenee, ay ra t o me eeoks
net think of issuing an order allowing brought toilet accessortes and rugs to ALPANY, Jan, 24 Senator Foley, after . ae ne : sepa t vl pot 5
} : ith t ates oe . i ie ra ars yee yet 435458 aang « § te Here 6 ' me repel or the tomian plenipoten-
his expedition to go on with its work the court, so except for the expressions 1 conference with Comptrolier Solimer. qoprjies te their last demands, and events
‘ g » + otter ke wv @ . AYES > Beene } aly a oe | it | ‘ i
and that he had better make up his on the fa Ce the seene closely re- | introduced a bill to-day to amend th Whieh have occurred in Constantinaple
mind to abandon the excavations, sembled ai excursion part private banking acts to protect the appearing ta them to have destroyed
al . ent © . » +} one m ” j ) y war te an | . “ ay “a iS . t 7
Phe professor considers the new Bap . i ie BOW wal ythe Kall suid small depositors more effectively than pny hope of arriving at the conclusion
mission a nice compliment to the Mrs, Drummend when sentence was) yy any previously le slation. The mo ty hev at to their great. re
° - ' inline : aie i . nt ae ow tannin } oe oF , misbal, ' ye oh wy ’ ‘ are, o > He: *s
United States for Its disin erestedness imposed You and Ieiovd George WwW! important feature is the® provision for pret, oblieed to declare that the peace
jin t war and in appreciation of the ha 4 a lot of trou is aliead of oe You an ample cosh reserve to be maliatalined negotiations commenced in London on
ork oe) sned ¢ Sar- Wo have t } irts or t ‘ . = a
| val le of the work accomplisned at Sar wilt apis 0 an af i _ work, and You yy private bankers In the case of) December 16 last are broken off
dis WEE DAVE Bene 0 avings bant Anot tx! '" ' itl
aoe ; 3 ys banks not} rroviston will Conversation interviews with the
_ The women included mall box wreck- Reeae, i ane ee mt PROT mes WEN a
: r prevent hazardous Investments and wi delegates of ibe © in Lopdon show
evs and window smashers as well as the ; ; : :
CTS MOTHE. ; x compel private bankers to mainiain ne weakening ou thei tence that
CONVICTS R OF MURDER, women wie attacked the ottice of Liova ibunta annie ‘ ‘ i ° ndat \
; . wesets easily co rt e Ldriinople omar le os renders It
~ ee George A few others whore offences ; ‘5 5 at ’ ’ a ;
; fis Vella © u were mor erious were held for trial Other features include a provision for uanamed Bulgarian delegate is quoted
» ’ re tor serious W ’ ‘ or trla " t .
Girl of 12 ells Conrt ow Father ‘ ae ‘ ‘ t A {idlinimeilate: Migdidanion heather Ge tne BAMIbOTHT Wha lavbUAche cDnDith int
at ’ i ’ 1
Was hilled With Poison, a MR el la counts of private bankers who discon. the wer might east it could not be more
Two women Whe refused their names RI itBe Th aw ‘ ; \ Hints rik ,
" . "s . 5 . n { j is oor ose | ! is ope rho } ' omtinties niralvsis of
With her case rendered hopeless) went to jai! for a month rather than: Le Tear using : By wine poets BENGE bud I POE * mu BY
through testimony given by her twelve- jay 825 fines for smashing windows in | °°" mulnue ad vj death and one provide , the national ifs of Thilgaria by Keeping
year-old datghter Mrs. Meddelena Cie! ye tlome citice ng for examination by the State Comp. the army in the ti td
cone Was found guilty of murder in the The police were kept busy during the troller “Bulgaria. hs suy's ; a a elon
first degree in the Court of Oyer and gay and night treing to prevent letter Which consisty Of SNOT) REOPOLS
Terminer in’ Newark late yesterday ‘a ' and peasant farmers tf thes do not
? , box outrages In few cases cid they’ §ITX DIG T , : , inate patie
afternoon for poisoning her husband catel culprits red handed: they ma I I HROUGH JAIL WALL return te Work soi nrore Dulgarians
with rat poison, The jury was out one pcr Ub RHA Pais aoidm 2 , will perish than a ever tikely to he
a few arrests, aint, acids and ink ; ‘ oases
, hour and ten minutes, were dropped into the boxes Virginian) Wogitives Pursued by killed by tie Tarks
. yh s ; ; ore ‘ > } Leos i ahccat ‘ Fiutant “xc Ant hea !
The girl testified that her mother told | Most of the smart shops presented a Hounds Blee for Maryland, his : , » 4 oy a EADS ' a ne
| arf > 8K i ay f -” . ‘Wi f the war ls represented Ir Mh
| her she wat going to do away with he T novel appearance to-day Che fronts nk iG ri ; : newal o - } Y "
father, She bought the poison, she said, | Moe pagal HOAMAA Bete Tel Nonronis, Vit, dan. 2) Sin of the temo way bw the correspondent of the Dally
t ’ i eet } " i 7 ete
by order of her mother, who put it in t} from the bashibazoukoss Prisoners confined ino jail at Mastville.) Chranicie, Whoa quoves: Gvand  Vigier
; he . iis I ‘S808 : ot ‘
her father's coffee, ly . 7 n is In a ferme i at aaiTainei ; Via. escaped this afternoon by digging | Mahmoud Shevket Vast as saying:
ona ' é e , ‘NETCOMNON ' , ; - ‘ P
Mrs, Ciccone was remanded for sen- ie Oh ath ob the dase af the thelr way through a brick walk Inthe “Our reply to the Powers will he pre-
* i Poaching i d vs ro
tence on Monday, Under the law she) ones rey L Jot are two alleged murderers, several sented on Thursday. It will be good
One i . , s44 >
will be senienced te die in the electric Th nalice are looking for Christahe legal whiskey sellers and two negeoes and it will satisfy everybody, We have |
' iN e U cE , is > hist me ; j ; Ye ey ne . ) '
ichair, but Prosecutor Mott said that the implicated In a shooting affair whieh oe. found a solution of the Adrlanople ques

wanted |

aa

NEW

Senate Approprintes S12 LO00,000 for
Schools,

Jay on Af

Vocational

Wasiintosn
the Sey

il passed
ON te toeday
and ed yy
rool
Wes a

mrenstire

s intended part!

 

encourage we ve women

he bi

Lever

become
vhielh

hhemasew)ye
for the
900.000 for distrib

uval and vocationals
fe which are now

 

Stibatitute
carries &1v
amnena

hooks in the

thon agricul
State te

d
provides

fo:
economics’ in

the teaching of
vocational
vore of 81 te 30
haiition IS appropriated
for the maintenance in
In aAaricnlt the trades aud
sand economics, the al
lotinent to be made to the States in pro
Portion to their population

Vor the maintenance of instruction inl
tra industties and home economics
in parate industrial and hame eco
Norse chools an appropriation of
$5,000,000 is made to be apportioned to
population engaged in trades and trans
Pertation and in manufacturing and
mnechanieal pursuite as shown by the
ederal census

\osimilar sum is appropriated for in-
struction in these branches {n agricul
tural high schools

Although the vote on the
Was Very harrow the Senate almest was
Veratinns in faver of the feature
Which extends Federal aid for the first
tine to vocational schools

the
‘

 

It passed by a
Three

annual
gtrus

of
n ire,

industy,

hone

tles

ret

entire bill

ms

‘DR. MACARTHUR OUT

OF CHURCH IN SOUTH

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

  

 

    

sentence Will be commuted by the Court
of Pardons for testimony she will give}
at the trial of Antonio Flore, who was |
indicted jointly with her for the murder, |

Clecone died on Mareh 7 last, three | ew ORLGANM. MEKIOCO, CALIFOMN ithe jail, The Sheriff organized a posse

aa ac HA Aa MLE AiMaa ANTAL | NE ALANS, , , ALFOUNDA | seaman his Tiana

days after he drank coffee containing Southern Hallway’ via Washington, 1. C.. the | and with the assistance of several

the poison, In a confesston she made | popular route, 3 through trains is dally. Higing,, bloodhounds started in search of the
: she ay rawing Loom, Stateroom, Sheping, LitRary | , fhe me > o ,

Mrs. Ciccone said she poisoned her hus- and Observation Car. N.Y. Ones, 204 Fifth fugitives, The men wien last seen were | -

* | Ave. Core 9b BLAM. cao aeen making for the Maryland line, \

 

{ Pankhurst,

1
Pree. t OF

YORK, THURSDAY,

JANUARY

50, 1913.

Conuright

BEACH GOES TO FACE TRIAL.

 

 

With Wife te te Acoused of At-
T0 ATTACK ASQUITH tacking, We Reaches Athen,
NIKEN, &. ¢ Jan. 2f.-- rederick
- - Poach and his wife, Mra. Camilla Have
. . Meyer Beach ived in Allen this
Storm Place Where Premier afternoon from Hot Springs, Va. where
‘ , ; since th return from Brrrope, thes
Speaks and Red Pepper have been guests of Mr and Mre Wil}
the Police. jam WW. Vanderbilt
Mr. Beach is to stand trial in Genera!
Sessions Court next week on a charge
LONG RIPE AFTER VOTES eee ee eee te vat bare
““lattorness say that the trial is not likels
pinlenaebisamiceecien < lho fast more than a das
, > > Mrs. Beach fs accompanied by her |
Well Known Women Here Plan) sister, Mes a0 8. Tatier, whose husband |
* . ; oe tis Mr. Beach's business assoclate Mr. |
) . * ve
Votes for Women Hor aC Reach has with him Thomas S. utler |
back Trip to Const. pof the New York law titm of Nieoll,
'Anable, Lindsay & Fuller. Mr. Beach
aaa [has atso retafned ames Uyrnes of
Militant suffragettes tn London vee- | Aiken. who is a member of the Pujo
{currency committee
i nuny attempted to attack Pre mier | Mrs. (*. Oliver Iselin met Mrs. rc
Asquith and blew red pepper into the jat the station. Miss Marion Hollins of
eves of the policemen sent to quell, New York, whe was a guest at the
the disorder. Thirty of those arrested | Reach home last February when Mre
received prison sentences. Window | Beach was attacked and who is satd |
; to be the only eve witness, will arrive
smas x co 1 fe ) .
dah ne fi unuee hei vue or the on Sunday morning. She will appear |
leaders declared, “It fs now war to the lin Mr. Beach's defence.
knife.
In New York a nuinber of well |
Known Women sulfragists gave notice HOUSEWIVES READY
that they were organizing a horseback |
trip to San Francisco in the interests , |
of “votes for women They will start T0 INSPECT STORES:
|
in the early spring and will spread the |
propaganda in all the chief cities a j
through which thes

Ue League Will Hang Signs in All)

SUFFRAGE RIOTS IN LONDON. Ise

Pure Food Shops. Says

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 
     

 

 

   
  

 

 

   
   
 

 

 

         

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

   

   

 

elder daughter of Mra, km-

;curred several days ago in Mastvile

PP rst, She is re re . ;
meline Pankhurst he jis reported to The escape was not discovered ati
a rceieaiatmnin As iv om a citizen reported seeing several men
’ ; ’mear .
Continued on “Thind Page, | hiding in the woods a few miles from

 

    
 

 

-~°

16973,

TCHATALDJA LINES

Many Wonnded Reaching Con-|

stantinople and General
Uprising Ts Feared.

CIVIL WAR IS IMMINENT
Allies’ Delegates in London!
Break Off Peace Negotiations

—Tarks to Reply.

 

Cable Despatches to Thr Son

Jan. 30.—The Constantinople
corresponcent of the Morning Post
sends an undated despatch, which came
wav of Kuetendfe on Wednesday,
which he save

“Wonnded eoldiers are constantly ar-
riviog here from Tehataldja and it Is
evident that something
there. Unconfirmabie rumors say that
15,000 Circassians have mutinied and
that the fighting {s continuing Tt {ts
also reported that there
among the Ottoman troops at
danelles.”

The Datiy
sends a similar despatch,

Special

LONDON,

by

{s

the Dar

Chronicle's
adding that
sald that not more than 20 per
of the army favor the new Gov-
Civil war seems imminent.

cent,
ernment,

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

the only reasonable so-
)owill on both sides
durable peace; otherwise
war,”

many Continental news-
especlally those in Vienna, are
exw iz uneasiness over the

Continued on Third Page.

and tt is
bution Wit
1 owill mean
there mus,

Meanwhile
| papers,
, asain

he

   

 

 

 

In
'

happening |

{s fighting ,

corespondent |

”

 

hy the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

15,000 MUTINY AT

| GRAND JURY MAY CALL GAYNOR.

{ Wetenerdinary Seasion Expected to
Be Hesumed Nest Week.

the extraordinary Grand Jury, which
adjourned last week unt! Fenruary 17,

oo

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Snow or rain to-
cast to south winds.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 43.

day and probably to-morrow4

So

PRICE 1 TWO CENT S.

—!

TAFT AND CLAR
CLASH AT DINNE

; probably will be called together again |

| matters connected with the police eraft
| Investigation,

When the Grand
‘ft is probable that
, Will be addressed to Mayor Gaynor with

Jury reconvenes

itegard to the recommendationa made
tconcerning the Tombs prison, which the
|; Mavor has so far disregarded. The

| Mayor may be called before the Grand
Jury in person to explain why he has
not given any heed to the presentmen!
recommending the removal of Deputy
Commissioner of Correction William J,
| Wright

|
Just before it adjourned the extraor-

j dinary Grand Jury again took up the
Matter and sent a second presentment
to Gov. Sulzer. The Governor on Tues-
\day referred the matter to Mayor Gay-
,nor

DEMOCRATIC CLUB HARD UP.

| Owes More Than 875,000—Wants
to Mortgage Ita Property.

 

some day next weak to take up certain |

a communication |

 

President Would Keep Phil-
| ippines—Speaker Takes
Issue.

 

[FIGHT ON FREEDOM
| — -

| Natives Not Ready, Says Ex-
ecutive—Plank Will Stand
| Is Reply.

RESULTS IN HEATED

TALK

 

| Taft Behind the Times in S;
ing We Became World Powe)

tv.

The National Democratic Club, of | in '98, Save Clark.
which Supreme Court Justice Don- | ,

{nelly is president and all the leading
hard up, according to a petition sub-
mitted to Justice Greenbaum yester-
day. The clib osked permision to mort-
| gage its property at 617 Fifth avenue
_ for $125,000 for three vears at 41% per
;cent. interest. Justice Greenbaum
granted the application.

The club ts in debt $75,000 for the
removal of parts of the clubhouse which
encroached on Fifth avenue and also
owes for repaira and {mprovements.

| GRIZZLY BEAR ‘UPSETS SCHOOL. |

 

Colorado Schoolma’am Looka Bruin
|

Down, Then Quits the Job,
Denver, Col, Jan. 29.--A big 7: izzly

‘bear ambled into a mountain school
house in Allens Park, forty miles north-
{west of here, vesterday, while Miss
Helen Warren of Jamestown, N. Y.,
the sehool teacher, was instructing a
dozen children in the three “Rs.”

All was confusion
the pupils seuttled under desks and be-
‘hind Miss Warren. She tried to

that after a few moments Bruin turned
tail and slow!y left the building.

Miss Warren, all unaccustomed to the
unceremo ways of Rocky
tain griz » Was in such a state of
nervousness to-day that she was
brought to Denver for medical treat-
ment.
as a mountain school teacher and de-
clares she is exceedingly glad to get
| back to civilization.

A male teacher will be engaged to
take her place, and one of the require-
ments before he takes the job will
be that he can handle a gun °

us

 
 

 

 

SNOWDEN AND CONVERSE HURT.

| Philadelphia Clabmen's Auto Skida:

and Tarns Over,

PurLapeLpura, Jam, 2%.-—Charles Ran-
dolph Snowden, polo player, and John
W. Converse, son of the former head of
the Baldwin Locomotive Works, were
injured to-night in am automobile acci-
dent when returning from the Radnor
Hunt Club,

Their automobile skidded and turned
over at Newtown Square on the West
Chester pike Both men were thrown
out. Snowden's right thigh was broken
and he was removed to the Bryn Mawr
Hospital. Converse was bruised, but
was able to summon assistance, after
| which he was taken home,

Snowden is a member of the Union
League, Racquet and Rittenhouse clubs
Converse is the former famous hurdler
of Harvard, holder of the intercollegiate
,hurdling record, and also is a member
of the
clubs and of the Union League,

 

POPE MUST TAKE A REST.
Ilia Physician Forbidsa Too Frequent
Audiences,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sis
hiome, Jan, 29-—-Dr. Marehiafava, the
Pope's physician, has pursuaded the
Pontiff to take an occasional rest, and |
hence the audiences are likely to be
suspended for a couple of days each

week, There was none to-day.
Ir, Marehiafava insists that the Pope

shall not attend fatiguing functions
during the summer. He has also sume
gested that the anniversary of Pope
Leo XIIT/s death and the coronation
of Pius N., which have heretofore bee,
(held in the Sistine chapel on June 20
and July %, shall be transferred to
November 5 and November 16.

SNOW ONLY WINTER'S BLUFF.

it Before People Can
balemeity, te,
» bluff of obtruding Into

tnin Melts

i; WwW
the

inter made
landscape yesterday
erum oof snow. Rerldents had not seen
now for so long a time that they were
unable to say definite y that there was
ever had been any or would be
yvermore
Weather
really had heen a fall
of an inch Hut the
has been known to be a
own  meteorelogical
laymen, who do

pain
‘ometer from another,

any,
any ¢
jared that
of about a

The Bureau de

there
stenth
Bareau
its
Some
one

vietim
ot
not know

said

really thought that winter had been
abolished,
The meteorological facets of the day

the lowest temperature came
when most folks were in bed, or ought
to have been, at 44. M. The mercury
then springfully dropped to 28 degrees, |
Then it shamefully arose to 82 and kept

were that

on soing up until ic had reached the
sumunery point of 40,

tt was drizzling much as it might on

a murky April day, and the mereury |
‘was still winding its silvery fingers
‘around (the near-sumneér rungs of the

_thermometrical ladder, The wind was,
from east southeast, and neither fit for.
man nor beast, as the nautieal couples

 

expresacs tt. The focal prophets satd

: '
that there were probabilities that thera}
i might

i the spring.

Democrats of the city are members, {s ,

in an instant and);

look |
fierce and brave and succeeded so well |

Moun-!

She has resigned her position

Merion Cricket and Rittenhouse |

with a simula. }

Weather |
illusions, |

they;

 

WABHINGTON, Jan, 29.—At the annie!
banquet of the Ohlo Society to-nig):
President Taft and Speaker Clark «
veloped a strong difference of opinion «i:
the obligation of the incoming adminis
tration to carry out the Philippines
| plank of the Democratic platform.

The President declared that the
Democratic party owed its advent into
| Bene more to a pecullar political con-
; dition than to any one plank of the plat-
form, holding that the people did not
regard the question of Philippine !Inde-
pendence as an issue in that election.
| The President spoke at some length
Jon the obligation of the American Gov -
ernment to continue as trustee to the
| Philippine people until they are unmis-
| takably ready for self-government.
| Speaker Clark in replying to this part
{of the President's speech said he had
'no desire to enter into any political or
j other discussion with the President at
this time,

“T did not write the Democratic plat-
| form,” said he, “but I hold it to be the

| duty of the men in public life in the ad-
| ministration that fs shortly coming into

governmental power to live up to the
obligations of that platform, of every
jone of its planks. The people voted

, for them all.”

Mr. Clark held that the President was
ninety-five years behind the times in his
statement that the Spanish-American
war gave birth to the United States
!as a world power,
| oppits tOurtry beeAme a world power.’
jhe added, “immediately as a result of
‘President Jefferson's purchasing from
' l’rance the Louisiana territory in 1803."

Referring again to the Philippines
| Mr. Clark said he had no disposition to
make a Philippines speech and would
leave that subject to Representative
Jones of Virginia.

“L only wish we were out of there in

 

    

as good shape as when we got in,
said he.

The President referred to the rapid
growth of the country since the civil
war, of the upbullding of the army from
25,000 to $5,000 men and of the navy
| from almost nothing to second power.

“Then in a moment of reaction,” said
he, referring to the Democratic oppo-
sition to navy espansion, “we have
fallen back to fourth or fifth place.
This change, | hope, may be tempo-

! rary,

The President smilingiy remarked that
he was highly grateful for this “kindy
memorial meeting,” referring to the din-
ner given to him as expresseel by Justic
Day of the United States Supreme Court,

“as a farewell and testimony to his
fearless and honest conauct of the
Executive office.”

The President prefaced his remarks

saying he did not
construed as making a pe.
i talk; that what he had to say
Was strictly non-partisan. but afier
three administrations had passed, dur-
ing which policy of dealing with
Philippines had become fixed appar.
to the satisfaction the people
the country had changed from a
Republican tea a Democratic adminis.
tration, “we are now met by a recru-
descence of opposition and a threar to
turn back the hands of time, to give
up all that has been achieved and to
initiate a new experiment, which cana
; only result in confusion, humiliation
tand defeat,
{ “It can only involve in embar-
lrassing international obligations after
it shall have failed and bring us again
;wWith diminished prestige to readopt the

on the Philippines by
Wish to be

 
  

val

 

 

the
entis
and

i.
of

us

policy

|; “Is it possible,” asked the President,
“that a great party like the Deino-
‘erratic party, now become responsible

for the administration of this country,
iis going to reverse a polley that has
‘vindicated {tself so completely {fn ten
{vears for mere purpose of conformity
ita cobwebbed planks in forgotten plat-
forms upon the most prejudiced in-
formation? Will they not before they
take an Irretrievable step take some
measures to secure rellable information
to the conditions which prevail in
is!lande and as to the effect upon
these conditions which the new policy is
Hauely to have?

as

the

 

| ‘No plea of consistency will jusiify
stich drastic action now that the ex-
perience of more than a decade iias

relegated the question as a campaign
fsue to the Hmbo of fre ellver or the
narrow doctrine of State rights.

' ‘The Democratic party exposes itself
| to no attack if {t pursues the policy of
| proved success of the Philfppines, be-
| rause the Republicans cannot criticise
their opponents for recognizing what
has proved to be good in the party's
past and the number of them who con-
tinue to give out their lucubrations as
i anti-imperialists Is hardly greater than
those who will attend the next In-
augural ball, The new legislation ts
proposed in response to no popular de-
mond, but it is fraught with the direct
difficulty and burden to any party that
\ assumes responsibliity for its enc
I ment

“If vou would have witnesses

 

and feel

be some winter later, maybe in| that the officials who have represented

the Government in the islands are

a

 

“Lf