Tap UNREVERENCED JUDGES.

 

A\YBODY CAN TELL YOU WHO
THEY ARE, JEROME SAYS.

Nominations Next Fall Likely to Bring On
a New Jerome Campaign—Meantime
Who Is to Try the Insurance Cases?

(nd Abe Hummel?—Report That
Local Judges Have Been Assigned
for a Year Ahead to the Criminal
Branch—Lawyers Not Inclined to

speak Oul—Some Judges Comment.

District Attorney Jerome's statement at
the City Club's dinner on Tuesday night

that, th few exeeptions, ha had “no
reves and not even common ordinary
resp for the Supreme Court Justices of
this department and that Judges should
be appointed and not elected after kow-

towinw to the political bosses and after
paying political assessments, caused no
end of talk yesterday, both among law-
vers and the judiciary, But the lawyers
wio believe as Mr. Jerome does mostly
so who talked said they had
found nothing wrong and some of them
xt Mr. Jerome for his facta. The Jus-
ties, with one exception, either had noth-
inc to say or intimated that they were in
the “few exeaptions” class,

Mr. Jerome would add nothing to his
wneech, Before going to Lakeville, Conn.,
for a week's rest ha was asked if he would
name thy Justiess ha had referred, to in
his criticism, He replied:

You didn't have to ask me.
body. Anybody can tell you.”

He was asked if he hal dropped the
subject.

“[ don't usually drop a thing when I
have taken it up,” he said.

Friends of Mr. Jerome said that he had
not stepped out into the open with an attaek
on the local Supreme Court bench without
thinking the matter over for a long time,
They added that no particular thing had
provoked Mr, Jerome into saying that
*no man needs to be a judge unless he
wants to and we ought specially to think

kept mum; th

as

Ask any-

| elected?

+N

at the polls, but should be socially ostra-
cized.”

Justice Bischoff replied at some length to
Mr. Jerome's statement. He said: “I do
not know that Lam one of the Judges referred
to by Mr. Jerome, neither do I know that I
owe to him any explanation of my personal
affairs, Of course the Judges are accounta+
blo to the people for what they have done,
and at the proper time I am ready to give
an accounting for myself, if it is asked for
by the people. I would not attempt to ex-
cuse anything I have done, but I would
justify it.

“As to whether I am engaged in any
private business, that is a private affair
of my own. Even a Judge is called upon
to discharge cartain family obligations
which are just as sacred to the Judge as to
any honest man, At times we cannot
escapo being thrust into business, For
Instance, I ain tho executor of my father's
estate and I am engaged in business in
connection with it, as it is in process of
litigation, Must I allow that business
to go into a state of chaos, having regard
for the interests of other membors of my
family? I think not. In addition, I thinik
that the Judge whohasa practical business
knowledge is all the better for it. I think
that the Judge who has practical experi-
ence can size up the probabilities of a case
better than the Judge who hasn't got the
experience,

“Should Judges be appointed and not
Tako the case of Judge Maynard,
He was twice appointed, but when he came
up for election by the people he was de-
feated, A Judgo is nearer the people than
any other man and why shouldn't they
have some say in his selection?”

“I see in a second clause,” sald Justice
Fitzgerald, “that Mr. Jerome said there

| were a few exceptions to his criticiam.
| I will conclude that I am ono of the excep-
, tions and refrain from comment.”

of this condition now, because of the ghadow |

of scandal which hovers over the Supreme
Court bench to-day.”

In his campaign Mr. Jerome referred
to at least ono Justice calling on Charlies
F. Murphy at Good Ground about his nom-
ination.

It is understood that Mr. Jerome intends
to make an active campaign against mem-

bers of the judiciary who carry on business |

affairs with their jucicial duties.
speech at the City Club eponed the campaign,
and it is probable that he will try to start
a movement to bring about next
nomination of men wh» are not bound by
political affiliations and who will not be
under obligations to any political
‘Theremay also be an agitation for anamend-
ment to the Constitution so that Judges
shall be appointed, not elected,

Just how Mr, Jerome proposes to set to
work is not knowa.
Association who were seen yesterday said

His |

Justice Greenbaum said he had been
elected as an independent and was not in-
debted to any politicians, “I do not know

of any politics on the bench,” he added. |

“I have never heard of any instances where
any of my fellow Justices have been in-
fluenced by any other thing than that of
the law.”

Justices McCall, Truax, Dugro, O'Gor-
man, Blanchard and Leventritt refused to
make any comment. Of the Appallate
Division, Justice Ingraham said:
not read Mr. Jerome's speech and I do not
care to, For myself I will say that I have no
interest in any corporation or any business
enterprise,
with my duties. I do not know to whom
Mr. Jerome refers, but I am sure that he
does not refer to me.” ‘

Justice Edward Patterson said he
no corporate or business interests,

has
The

| other Justices were uncommunivative.

fall the |

 

| TO PAY FOR FATHERS HANGING,

boss, |

Members of the Bar |

that they had not heard of any plan in which |

the association was to take part. Silas B.

Brownell, the secretary of the association, |
said that ao special meeting had been called |

for the purpose and that there would not
be another meeting of the association until
next monih, Twenty members oan join
in a ca!l for a spacial meeting. Mr. Jerome
said in his speech that if no action was taken
by the Bar Association he would appeal to
the State Bar Association,

It has been the practice to assign an up-
Sta'e Justice to the Supreme Court, Criminal
Branch, for at least part of the year. The
Governor selects the Justice and the Ap-
relate Division here designates the court.
‘Justice Davy has been assigned to this

for several months, and there was
when Justica Blanchard

romine «surprise

was assigned by the Appellate Division
for December. It wasthought that Justice
Davy would finish out his term in this

court before he retired at the end of the
year on account of the age limit, A Justice
may after reaching 70 vit until the next
of December.

lustriet Attorney Jerome makes up the
calendar for this court, and it gets, or has
go’ in the past, many of the important
criminal trials. All the election cases
have been assigned to this court this year.
The trial of Abe Hummel and the other
cases growing out of the Dodge-Morse

ois?

Virginia Saddles 83.000 Costs on Children
of E:xeMayor MeCue, Who Killed His Wife,

RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 20.—The four chil-
dren of J. Samuel McCue, ex-Mayor of Char-
lottesville, who was hanged in February
last for the murder of his wife, will be forced
under the law to pay the costs of their
father’s trial and execution. A _ petition
for a remission of the costs in the case,
which amounted to $3,007.42, has been
denied by Gov. Montague, who indorsed
the papers as follows:

“This application was referred to the
Attorney-General for hia opinica
whether or not the Executive is authorized
by law to remit said costs.
opinion, fortified by reason and authorities,
the Attorney-General holds that the Execu-

; tive ts unauthorized to rnake such remission |
| of

costs, and, therefore, the application
must be denied.”

The opinion of the Attorney-General
in this case will be of vast importance as a
precedent. In substance it says that the
Executive lacks the constitutional authority
to remit costs, although he is authorized

| to remit fines and penalties,

marrage and divorce tangle were to coms |

before this court. The cases have been
on the eniendar for some time. District
Attorney Jerome has heen awaiting the
decision of Justice Truax on the mo'ion of
Hammel for a change of venue, and when
that is deajded a move will be made in the
Criminal Branch. Justice Truax, who has
had the motion under consideration for
fome time, has been delayed in making
adecision by an accident he had at his coun-
try home

Should there be criminal actions as a
result of the insurance investigation it is
Probable that they will be tried in the
Supreme Court. Whatever Mr. Jerome
has had to say in court in reference to the
insurance investigation has been raid in
this court, and when he had Justice Davy
Continue ‘Se term of the court during the
summer inonths it was for the purpose,
itis understood, of being prepared for an

emergency in the insurance investigation. |

It is reported that the Appellate Division,
ata meeting last week, made up ita list of
assignmentsof justices to sit inthe Supreme
Court, criminal branch, for al] next year,
No up-State Justice, it is said, is on the list,
all the justices assigned being from this
department.
of this have commented upon it as unusual,
It has been the custom, it is said, to make
monthly assignments of the justices, and
hot make up the calendar for a year.
88 reported, the list has now been made up
for all next year the order has not been
®nterad,
Vision yesterday that the assignments
Weuld not be made publio until some time
Dext week.

fi Of the men prominent in the legal pro-

ne make a public statement conimending
"r. Jerome's action, That was Samuel
volermyer. Hesaid:
&nd necessary public service,”

eee lawyers would make no cormment:
Alton B,

Court of Appeals, Frank S,

3 y .
A. Philbin, Black, Eugene

Ng James B. Dill, DeLancey Nicoll,
a a W. D. Guthrie.
en G. Fox, who presided at the Cit
Ciup dlgnay aed Oo presided at the City
a do not know what facts Mr. Jerome
car 'n tind, but 1 spoke my mind on the
cee when I eaid that any man who
ee 4 pulitical assessment for his plaos

ch not only ought to be defeated

Milburn, and

 

GREAT SVAKES!

| Pythons at Large in Riverside Park —Men-

agerle Annexes Them.

There was a tinkle of the telephone
bell in the office of Willis Holly, the secre-
tary of the park board, vesterday afternoon.
This was the message that came over the
wire:

“Say, there are two snakes here; one of
them is twenty-four feet long and both
are alive. What will I do with them?”

“What brand are you using now? Bour-
bon or rye?” responded the secretary.

“Quit your fooling. They are real snakes.
I'ma park foreman. My name is Peddie,”
said the voice over the wire.

Peddie was in earnest. He repeated
that there were two big snakes up in River-
side Park. One of them looked to him to
be about twenty-four feet long. Hs didn't
know enough about such big creatures to

| attempt to moasure them. One was about

half the length of the other. The secretary
instructed him to keep his eyes on the

‘snakes and not let them get away until

Lawyers who have been told
, carried

If,

It was said at the Appellate Di- |

ession who were seen yesterday only one |

“Mr. Jerome's action |

iD speaking as he di
8 w : i ;
did was @ courageous | passengers at the station when the other

Parker, ex-Judge Hatch of the |

men from the menagerie could get up there
with boxes

Peddie discovered the snakes, which
are pythons, iving ina cuddled mass on the
yround near the retaining wall,
was about opposite Eighty-third street.
‘he foreman at first alae the mass
vas a bundie of big sticks and walked over
to pick them up. When his hand touched
one of them there was a sqvirming move-
ment that showed the “sticks” to be alive.
Tho foreman jumped back a few fest.
Some of his men gathered about and then
idlers on Riverside Drive saw the com-
motion and joined the crowd, Some more
daring than others stirred the reptiles with
a Bate but they did not move mich,

When keepers from the menagerie ar-
rived they put the snakes into boxes and
them to the menagerie.
measured twenty feet and the other ten
fect. They were nearly dead from star-
vation and cold.
escaped from a freight car on the Central
tracks near by.

ELEVATED TRAINS BUMP.

 

Brakes Didi't Work on Wet Wheels—-Nobody
Ifurt, but Women screamed,

Two northbound trains on the Second }

avenue elevated railway
Seventy-second street station last night at
6 o'clock. Nobody was hurt, but the pas-
sencers on both trains got a scare

One train was discharging and taking on

camino Up. The motorman threw on tho
brakes, but they didn’t work well, the wheels
were so wet. Speed was reduced, but the
train kept going and rammed the one ahead.
The linpact knocked people of their feet
in both trains. ‘wo or three nervous
women screamed and somebody ran from
the station and telephoned Polics llead-
quarters that there was a smashup.

The reserves of the East Sixty-seventh
etreet station turned out, but when they
got to the station there wasn't much for
them to do. Neither train was damaged.

Losist apon having Burnett's Vantila,—Adg.

Che

“T have |

My entire time is taken up |

as to.

In an elaborate

The place |

One ,

Tt is supposed that they | 1
of the Fourteenth Assembly district came |

bumped at the !

 

INDEPENDENT, SAYS PARSONS.

ODELUS MEN NEEDN'T VOTE Fon
UIM AS AN ODELL MAN,

 

 

 

As to tho State Leadership, Ho Will Be Bee
holden to No Man, He Says—Odell
Men Still Prociaim That Ilis Election
Would Be Their Victory—Olcott Silent,

Representative Herbert Parsons, who
was at his office until nearly midnight with
Senator Alfred R. Page and George W.
Morgan, State Superintendent of Elections,
issued late last night this statement of
his attitude toward Odell, whose district
leaders in the county recently voted to
support Mr. Parsons for presi ent cf the
Republican county committe»:

“There have been statements in the news-
papers that I have received a mandate from
Washington, I have not received, nor
do I expect to receive, a mandate or any-
thing in the nature of a mandate from
Washington or any other place.

“In order, however, that there may be no
misunderstanding as to my position in my
candidacy for the presidency of the Republi-
can County committee, I reiterate that if
elected I will recognize no factional dis-
criminations of any kind in the Republi-
can party.

“I will regard myself as the representa-
tive neither of Mr, Odell nor Mr. Platt and
as owing fealty to no machine and no boas,
but as standing in an absolutely independent
position, resolyed to conduct, so far as in
my power lies, the affairs of the party upon
the highest plane of cleanliness and up-
rightness, of entire independence of any
kind of dictation and with an eye single to
making the party, so far as my power ex-
tends, subserve the best interests of the
people, I am and at all times have been
convinced that only in this way can I be,
as only in this way would I bo willing to be,
of service to the party in that position,

“No support that may be given to me will
create any obligation, express or implied,
on my part as to the support I may give
any man for the leadership in the Republi-
can party in the State. I shall consider
myself beholden to no man, and in casting
whatever influence I may possess one way
jor the other when the question of the
leadership in the State comes up I will be
guided solely by my views as to the best
interests of the party.

“If any member of theaounty committee
has pledged his support to me supposing
thereby that such support commits me by
obligation of any sort to favor the State
leadership of any particular man such
| member of tha county committee has acted
| under a misapprehension and is, so far as
| I am concerned, released from any pledge
to vote for or support me,

“Tf 1 am elected I shail consider my elec-
tion as the success of the principle for which
I stand—that is, the county organization's
‘freedom from interference or dictation,
and not as the success of either Senator
| Platt or ex-Gov. Odell, or of the faction
of either of them; and my responsibility
will bef as I have repeatedly stated to tho
Republican voters of the county and to the
members of the county committees as their
representatives, alone.”

Mr. Parsons was told hy some of his
friends yesterday that even though Presi-
' dent Roosevelt, Gov. Higgins and Senator
Platt had spoken nice words of him, Boss
Odeli's people were circulating it all over
, the State that Boss Odell had won a sub-
stantial victory, one that would retain him
| in power in the State, when he directed
twenty-five New York district Jeaders
who were under personal obligations to
him to declare in favor of Mr. Parsons,

Representative J. Van Vechten Olcott
continued yesterday to decline to say any-
thing about his talk in Washington with
President Roosevelt, Secretary Root and
Senator Platt. Influential Republicans who
are friendly to both Mr. Olcott and Mr.
Parsons expressed the opinion that Presi-
dent Roosevelt, Mr. lioot, George B. Cor-
telyou and Senator Platt, all New York
Republicans, had quite as much right to
interest themselves in the condition of the
party in the State as Boss Odell, and would
continue todoso eventhough Boss Odell
continued to sneer at them and flout their
authority in newspaper interviews,

A Republican district leader said yaster-
day. “Two cannot ride @ horse unless one
rides behind. Odell or Parsons should dis-
mount, and if neither will dismount We
should have a new rider. If Odellis tobe
undone he must ba stripped of control of
the members of the State committee from
this county. The man who is to purge
this organization should be openly hostile
to Odell and have at the same time the un-
stinted support of the President and Goy-
ernor.

“Parsons should make a declaration of
unrelenting war on Odell, else he should
be undone. The crooks in this organiza-
tion regard him as a cipher,and they are
so fearful of a new candidate that they are
eager for a speedy meeting of the county
committee to install Parsons.

“The squeamish friends of the President

 

' dread his ‘interference’ in a factional
squabble, It is no factional squabble!
it is a live, breathing, moral issue, It

is the undoing of a confessed blackmuailer,
Tammany did not regard Devery as a
political issue.

“This is the President’s native town
end his native State. His party is infested
by crooks and knaves. His strong hand
is needed. He should apply the lance,
come what may. Hb captivating  per-
sonality saved Higgins from the blight of
Odell a year ago. Roosevelt is the only
man who can save Higgins next year, and
he must get busy at once, ‘Butting in’
| is the President's noblest quality. Here is
' the time, and the need is crying.”

‘The Theodore Roosevelt Republican Club

 

out last night for Olcott.
PLAN TO VENTILATE SUBWAY.

 

 

Polleeman Conroy Has Patent for a Fresh
Alr Pipe System,

i Policeman Patrick J. Conroy, a_ clerk
‘in the supply department at Headquarters,
has blossomed out as an inventor, and he
dovsn't care who knows it. Conroy has
| a scheme to ventilate the subway, and it
is so different from any other venti lating
seheme tuat he has applied for a patent
on it. He was inforined yesterday that
the patent would be granted,

Conroy believes that the proper and only
wuy to ventilate the subway is by pipes
going far into the tunnel and dise haragn
pure air in either direction, driving the fou
air from the tunnel through the station
exits.

 

 

 

Earthquakes Meet tn Frisco.

San Francisco, Nov. 20,—A slight but
sharp earthquake was felt in this city yes-
terday, followed a moment later by another,
apparently coming from an opposite direc-
tion.

 

 

KW YORK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, WNC cx Contes 100k ty fy hic Riuniad and Publishing

  

EXCELSIOR DIAMOND CUT UP.

Tho Dig Stone Made Into Ten Vained at
#8400,000.

The first authoritative statement of the
disposition of the celebrated Jagerefontein
Exoelsior, the most valuable diamond
known prior to the present year, is made
by Dr. George F. Kunz of Tiffany & Co,
in a report on precious stones which he has
submitted to the United States Geological
Survey for an official publication soon to
be issued,

When the diamond robbery took place
last May in the old Tiffany Building on
Union Square it was said that some of the
pieces of tho Excelsior were taken, This
was denied at tho time,

The big diamond, which was found in
1898 in the Orange Free State, weighed in
the rough 971% carats, or about 74 ounces
avyvirdupvis, and was valued on the spot
at $1,000,000, Dr. Kunz says that it has been

| divided into ten stones, weighing from 13%

 

to 68 carats each, furnishing a total of
J40 7-32 carats, witha total value of $400,000,

Some of the parts are still in the Tiffany
store. That the original stone, after being
divided, should not bring as much money
as the first valuation was expected by dia-
mond merchants, who say that such early
estimates are usually exaggerated. The
Excelsior was eclipsed this year by the
stone, weighing 8,032 carats and valued at
several million dollars, found in thé Premier
mine in the Transvaal,

The largest of the pear shaped diamonds
stolen from the Union Square workrooms
weighed 14% carats, and the value of the
stolen property was conservatively esti-
mated at $35,000, These gems have not been
found.

MANY STORM.

LOST IN

Property Loss in Lake Superior Over
82,000 ,000—Thrilling Rescues.
DeuutTu, Minn., Nov. 29.—The thrilling
rescus of the survivors on the Mataafa,
which went ashore last night; the dashing
to pieces of the big steel steamer Lafayette
at Two Harbors and the escape of all but
one of the crew, and reports that three more
vessels with crews aggregating twenty-
one men make up the sum total of the day's
developments in the big Lake storm,
Eleven lives are known to have been
lost, nine on the Mataafa, one on the steamer
Edenbors and one on the Lafayette. The

VESSELS

 

schooner Madeira is believed to be lost |

with her crew of nine men.

The barge Constitution and the scow
Herbert W., with seven and five men re-
spectively, are thought to have gone to
the bottom of the lake. The property loss
probably will pass the $2,000,000 figure.

Tt was 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
when the first attempts were made to rescue
those on board the Mataafa, but the efforts
ol the life saving crew against the raging
tempest wero unavailing, and finally the
work was given up until to-day.

When daylight came tho squad hurled
its life line with precision, and soon the
work of bringing the frozen men ashore
in boats was begun. Those who had been
forward all night long were pulled ashore
salely, but from the stern none was saved,

| All had sueeumbed to the cold,

SENATOR BURTON SENTENCED.

Six Months in Jall and 62,500 Fine—Gives
Ball of 85,000 on Appeal,

St. Lovis, Nov. 20.—United States Senator
Joseph Ralph Burton of Kansas, who was
declared guilty of having uscd his office
in behalf of the Rialto Grain and Securi-
ties Company before the Post Office De-

 

 

| partment, was sentenced to-day to six

months in the Iron county (Mo.) jail, and
to pay a fine of $2,500.

Judge Willis Vandevanter pronounced
sentence on counts 60 and 7 of the indict-
ments, the sentence in each case being
the same, but they are to run concur-
rently, making the term of sentence and the
fine identical, as if there had been but one
finding.

Fred W. Lehmann, senior counsel for Bur-
ton, gave notice of appeal, anda bond of
$5,000, with Richard C, Kerens and Joseph
k. Burton as sureties, was filed with the
court as a guarantes for Purton's appeare
ance in the higher courts. ‘The bond was
approved by Judge Vandevanttr.

 

OURAN REVOLTERS SCATTERED

Some of the Men Who Took to the Woods
Have Surrendered.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Havana, Nov 29.—The revolutionary
band in ‘the Alquizar district is officially
reported to have been scattered. Some
of the members have given themselves
up and others are returning to their homes
Many of them are boys.

WISHED MOTHER SPEEDY DEATH,

Miss Hall Suggested Chloroform Theory
at Dying Woman's Bedside.

Cincinnati, Nov. 20.—Miss Anna Hall
of this city, who recently attracted a great
deal of attention by advocating that per-
sons hopelessly ill be chloroformed, in an
address before a national convention of
humane workers in Philadelphia, is a
daughter of the explorer Hall who lost
hia life many years ago on a trip to the
Far North. The Government paid _Ex-
plorer Hall's family $18,000, and this money
has caused litigation in the family.

To-day in Judge Pileger's oourt in the
hearing over the will of Miss Hall's mother,
a Mra. Simeoe testified that frequently while
she was about the room where Mrs. Hall
lay dying she had heard Miss Anna Hall
urge the attending physician to let chioro-
form be administered to end her mother's
suffering. Miss Hall insisted, the witness
stated, that her mother was in great pain
and as death was inevitablo it was not
right to let her suffer.

The coetor, the witness added, assured
Miss Hall that her mother was really not
in pain as che was in a semi-conscious
condition, The witness said the physician
remarked one day to Miss Hall:

“You are a thousand years ahead of
vour times, Miss Anna. Some day, per-
inps, what you advocate may become
the practice, but not in this day,

 

 

 

 

New Postal Station tn Tals City.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 20.—An order was
is: 1ed at the Post Office Department to-day,
to take effect on December 5, providing for
the establishment of a postal station in the
suppiy bureau established by the depart-
ment in the Mohiman Building, at the corner
of Jay and Greenwich streets, New York.

 

Paul Kolly’s Really Closed,

Paul Kelly's joint at 57 and 59 Great Jones
street wam closed up yesterday. The police
say it was closed for good, Samuel Keeler
of 182 Nassau street, who the “police say
is the proprietor of the building, served
notice on che manager of the dive that he
would have to vacate.

 

and St. Louls

Fast Detroit, Chicane Maerctcin
est Shore tick @

by West Shout Rane d. Aska
agent for pariioulars.—Adp,

 

*

| NEW CLUBS IN TODD TRAGEDY,

NEW OLAIMS ON ESTATE, TOO,
BY INGERSOLL LOCKWOOD,

 

 

Transfers of Mortgages to Him Amounting
to 690,000—Weirdest Testamentary
Clause in the Alleged Trust Deed
—Tracing Woman's Last Companions,

There was a revival of activity yesterday
both in the criminal investigation and the
civil proceedings at law consequent upon
the death of Mrs, Margretta Todd, the
wealthy New York woman found mangled
on the Reading tracks in Philadelphia on
October 27, Theron Davis, one of the
attorneys for Mrs. Rosalie Tousey, Mra,
Todd's daughter, spent the day in Phila-
delphia following strong clues, which are
expected to reveal who the persons were
who were with Mra. Todd on the night of
her death, including a man who met
her at the railroad station in that city.

Mr. Davis returned from Philadelphta
| last night. He saw no official while in
the city, but spent his whole time, he said,
in following clues which recently came
to his knowledge.

“T made satisfactory progress,” he said,
“but do not feel justified as yet in divulging
the facts or giving any intimation of them,
| Such a course would be too likely to de-
feat the ends of justice,”

In this city Ingersoll Lockwood, for
many years the intimate friend and legal
adviser of the dead woman, produced three
documents purporting to convey portions
of her property. Two of these were as-
Bsignments of mortgages, the existence
of which was unknown to Mrs. Tousey or
her attorneys, They were dated in 1904,
and transferred a mortgage for $50,000
and one for $40,000 from Mrs. ‘Todd to Lock-
wood himself, At no time prior to yester-
day had Mr. Lockwood given any intima-
tion to the administrator of the estate orto
the estate's attorneys that such docu-
ments were in existence,

A copy of the third document was served
by Mr. Lockwood upon the Lincoln Trust
Company, temporary administrator of the
estate, yesterday morning. It is the deed
ef trust by which Mr. Lockwood some time

 

| ; i ;

| ago claimed possession of Mrs. Todd's
| personal estate, amounting by his own
| admission to more than $100,000. The in-

strument bears date of October 7, 1903,
and purports to have been executed before
William A. Dyer, address not given, and
George Davey, notary publio of Kings
county.

The deed makes Mr. Lockwood trustee
of the entire personal estate, instructs
him to invest the funds, and from the in-
come pay Jennie M. Paine, at one time
Mrs. Todd's maid, $1,000, keep $1,000 an-
nually for himself and turn over the balance
| to the income to Mrs. Tousey.

The trust terminates on Mr. Lockwood's
death. On Mrs. Tousey’s death it directs
the distribution of her interest in this
unusual form:

The said Rosalie Tousey Is empowered to
dispose by will of her interest in the estate
by devising the same by will, {nm such pro-
portions as she may see fit, to the nephews
| and nieces of the party of the first part (Mrs,
odd). Such will, to be binding, must be
siibmitted by Mrs. Tousey tosaid party of the
second part (Ingersoll Lockwood). In case
the sald Mrs. Tousey fails to make such a last
will and testament, then and in that event
the said Ingersoll Lockwood is empowored by
will to devise the residue of the estate in such
proportions as he may see fit among the eur-
viving nephews and nieces,

“The clause ts the weirdest and most
foolish that aver emanated from the brain
of mortal man,” said George Gordon Hast-!
ings last evening. “It will never pass ai
court of equity, nor will any part of th¢
instrument. But for that
sider it quite as good as the will, the lease
of the Von Hoffman and all the other docu-
ments which Mr. Lockwood has produced
and which purport to give him outright

 

custody of the balance.

Mrs. Tousey has been living at the Hoff-
man Houso since her return from Europe.
She is as convinced as ever that her mother
was the victim of foul play and has in-
sisted upon continuation of the investiga-
tion until every clue is followed as far as
possible.

 

 

WELLESLEY SENION A SUICIDE,

Young Woman Wrote Her Mother She Was
Tired of Living; Then Drowned Herself.

WELLESLEY, Mass., Nov. 20,—Misa Mabel
A. Williams of East Hartford, Conn., a
rember of the senior class at Wellesley
College, committed suicide by drowning
in the Charles River some time last Sunday
night.

Miss Williams was 23 years old, and her
achool mates considered her an especially
pretty girl. Yet she had few near friends
and kept to herself much of the time, her
roommate in College Hall being her only
intimate. For some time she had been
moody and depressed. Her acquaintances
and relatives say there is no reason known
for her self-destruction unless it be from
overstudy.

Sunday night when she disappeared from
College Hall her roommate notified the
authorities that she feared some harm had
come to her. Tho authorities, believing
Miss Williams might return, did not make
her disappearance public at once, It was
later that her mother at her home received
a letter reading:

“IT am tired of living, and I am going to
put an end to it in the Charles River.”

Mrs. Williams hastened to Wellesley.
Then the authorities notified the police,
and to-day the police searched the banks of
the Charles, and near Section Ten Bridge
they found the body.

 

JUSTICE DAVY SAYS GOOD-RBY,

Another Justice to Succeed Him tn Trying
Election Cases,

Justice Davy of Rochester, who has been
sitting in the Supreme Court, Criminal
| Branch, since early summer, retired
from active duty yesterday when he ad-
journed the November term of the court,
after disposing of several election cases,
liis term does not expire until the end of

 

‘ the year, but he reached the age limit last |

‘summer. The constitution permite him to
! sit in I'ecember, but another Justice has
been assigned to the court.

When the business of the court had been
disposed of yesterday Attorney-General
Mayer made a brief speech complimenting
Justice Davy on his record on the bench.
The justice said a few words in response.
He added that his experiences in this city
had been of the most pleasant character,
: District Attorney Jerome and Justice Davy

have got along very well together,

GOLD SEAL CHAMPAGNE—wine of the olub-
an and connoisseur, possesses all the qualities

™
of the French product at half the cost. By

   

matter I cone }

a large part of the estate and absolute |

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1008.

Fair and decidedly colder to-day and to-more

row;

 

Arsociation,

 

MOORS SEIZE AMERICAN'S HOUSE.

Investigation Ordered on United States
Minister's Protest.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tit Sun.

Tanairn, Nov. 20,—Mr. Gummere, the
American Minister, has protested to Mo-
hammed el Torres, representative of the
Sultan for foreign affaira, against the
scizure by the Governor of Tetuan of a
house, with its entire contents, of an Amert-
ean citizen, who held from the Govern-
ment a tobacco monopoly for Tetuan for
two years. His contract expired yester-
day, whereupon tho Governor aeized the
house, giving no reason for hls action,

Mohammed el Torres promised to send
to Tetuan to verify the complaint, Mr,
Gummere Is awaiting the result. He will
insist upon compensation if the report
is substantiated,

 

oe

SENATOR PATTERSON FINED.

 

\
| Must Pay 61,000 for Lampoonting Colorado
| Suprem? Court tn His Papers.
_ DENVER, Nov. 29.—United States Senator
Thomas M. Patterson was to-day declared
guilty of contempt by the Colorado Supreme
Court and fined $1,000, The Senator was
| not in court at the timo set for the court's
| decision and an attachment was issued,
la bailiff arresting and conducting him
before the court,

Intimate friends of the Senator say they
never saw him display as much anger as
to-day. He appeared to consider the
arrest a deeper disgrace than the fine he

| will have to pay, there being no appeal.

| Senator Patterson printed a cartoon

, in one of his papers showing the Supreme

Court Judges as executioners, lopping

| off the heads of Democratio officeholders,

| the line underneath reading:

| “If the Republican party wants any-
thing more let it ask for it.”

Since the contempt proceedings began
his papers have bitterly assailed the court,
, and his editorial article to-day was more
! venomous than any which he has before

printed,

ROBBERY IN CROWDED STREET.

Hlomegoing Chicagoans See Thieves Loot
Jewelry Store and Get Away.

Cnicaco, Nov. 29.—While the number of
pedestrians and the traffic upon the down-
town streets was at their highest early this
evenin : three men, two of whom were tall
and theothetof whom was noticeable for his
shortness, threwa large iron weight through
ashow window of the Bauman Jewelry Com-
pany at 76 Madison street and, grabbing a
ticy of diamonds valued at $9,000, made
their escape.

The robbers dashed west in Madison
street to the alley next to the McVicker
Theatre, south through the alley to a pas-
sageway leading to State street, where they
were lost in the crowds of homegoing
shoppers and employees of the big depart-
ment stores.

HIS MAID AND BUTLER MARRY.

The Late Robert Hargous Is Said to Have
Remembered the Bride tn His WHI.
Saranac LAKE, N. Y.; Nov. 20.—Mise

Bessie C, Fisher of Brooklyn and George

E. Hurlbutt of New York were married

here Monday night. Miss Fisher was a

maid and Hurlbutt was a butler in the

household of the late Robert Hargous.

They have known each other a short time

only. The wedding brings to light the fact

that Mr. Hargous some time before his
death told Miss Fisher that he would re-
member her in a substantial way in his
will. While it is not possible at this time
|} toyascertain the provisions of the will, her

 

 

 

 

 

es

v friends say that she is to receive a house on

| Ferty-second street and several thousand
| dollars in cash,
i

LONE WOMAN

| Doatman Jumps Overboard, Leaving His
Passenger in Danger.

NEWBURYPORT, Mass., Now, 20.—Benja-
min S. ‘Tibbetts, a well known resident of
Plum Island Point, committed suicide last
night by drowning in the Merrimao River
near Black Rocks. He started fram Newe
buryport in the afternoon with a woman
passenger and a boatload of provisions.

When off Black Rocks about 6:80 o'clock;
he talked in a discouraged way and a second
| later jumped overboard. The woman had
| much difficulty in preventing the boat
| from going to sea. It finally struck on a
i sand spit. Her cries aroused Capt. Mad-
dcoks of the life saving station} who
rescued her.

J. J. HILL'S SON TO HEAD N. P.

Important Changes tn Westero Rallroads
Scheduled to Occur Jan. Ll.

St. Paun, Minn.; Nov. 29.—James N,
Hill, son of James J. Hill, president of the
Great Northern Railway, will, it is re-
ported, become president of the Northern
Pacifio and George T. Slade, son-in-law of
James J. Hill, general superintendent of
the same road.

It is said that President Elliot of the
Northern Pacifico will become president
of the Chicago Terminal Railroad. Rail-
road men aro inclined to believe these re-
ports. These changes are announced to
take place January 1,

M'ADOO SEES COP

|
|
1
|
|
|
| ums That Policemen Posed For Reeled
|
|
t

SEES SUICIDE.

 

 

 

 

PICTURES,

 

Off in the Trial loom,

Police Commissioner McAdoo and his ad-
visory board on promotions, consisting of
Col. Dyer, John D. Crimmins, R. A. C.
Smith and David McClure, saw a free show
in the trial room at Headquarters yester-
day afternoon when the moving pictures
illustrating the life of a policeman were
run off for their benefit. 4

Twenty-five roundsmen, who want to be

sergeants, also witnessed the show. A big

white sheet was fastened to tho wall behind

the desk where the tris! commissioner

metes out judgment, the room was darkened |

and the picture machine mon got busy.
There are several sets of pictures, all
posed by real cops. Cops are shown chas-
ing a burglar, stopping runasays and res-
cuing a drowning woman. (ina of the
most eflective groups depicte | how Police-
man Enright lost bis liile by (ie revolver
shot of a burglar. The picturos will be the
princtne) feature of the fortheornine benefit
or the pension fund. The ma tine was
not in very good order yesterday. It
stopped always at the most exciting part,
and there was a great whizzing and flash-
ing of sparks until it began running again.

  

| Regular Princeton Trains Annull>t Account
Army and Navy Football Gime,

On account the Ariuy and Navy Game et Brinee-
ton Saturday, December 2, trains le nie New
York via Pennsyivania Ratlroad at 2.45, 3.05 and

 

4:55 P.M. will heave no connection for Vrineceton
on that date; trains arriving New York at 4.40,
7:00 and 7:30 P. M. will have no cornection from
Princeton, Spectal traing to Princeton witli leave
New York December 2 at 10.25%. M. aud lito A, }
Ade, ‘

high northwest winds and gales,

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

MUTINEERS ARE
BEATENINBATTLE

Troops Loyal to the Czar Win
Land’ and Sea Fight
at Sevastopol,

ee

HALF OF CITY DESTROYED.

 

 

 

Forts Taken by Bayonet Charge,
Several Ships Are Set Afire
and Sunk,

 

Lieut. Schmidt, Who Led the Revolting
Sailors, Mortally Wounded and Forced
to Surrender—Battie Lasts Two and a
Haif Houre—Old Kniaz Potemkin,
Famous as a Pirate Ship, Badly Dame
aged—General Situation in Russia
Continues Grave—Police Now Do-
manding Reforms—Another Gencral
Railroad Strike Is Now Threatened,

Spectal Cable Despatches to THe Sum.
SEVASTOPOL, Nov. 29.—Lieut. Schmidt,
, the commander of the mutineers, had
| fixed 8 o'clock this afternoon as the time
for the receipt of a favorable reply to the

demands of the sailors, namely, that a

constitutional assembly be formed imme-

diately to accept the reforms promised in
the Czar's manifesto and the improve-
| ment of the condition of the sailors, regard-
ing which fifteen demands were made.
When the time had elapsed and no answer
| had been received Lieut. Schmidt opened
| fire from two vessels.

The south forts, part of the squadron and
part of the coast artillery, which remained
loyal, returned Lieut. Schmidt's fire andthe
fire of the north forts, which had joined the
lieutenant inthe bombardment of the city.

Meantime, however, the sailors who
were in barracks went into the street
| and opened fire against the infantry and
= company. The battle lasted two
|
|
|

 

bours and a half.

The cruiser Otchakoff was pierced ant
burst into flames. The axillary cruiser
Dnieper and another vessel, besides tor-
pedo boats, were sunk.

The battleship Panteleimon
the Kniaz Potemkin) was hit badly.
eral holes were made in her side.

At 5:30 o'clock Lieut. Schmidt was
wounded and surrendered the mutinous
squadron and sailors.

The north forts were taken at the point of
the bayonet by the Brest and Bielstok
regiments. Half the city was demolished.

It is announced that Lieut. Schmidt's
; wound {is mortal.
| St. PETERSBURG, Noy. 29.—According to
| one account Lieut, Schmidt commanded
twelve warships, six of which were sunk
| and another blown up.
| The Slovo says an official despatch has
| been recelved from Admiral Chouknin;
which the editors claim to have seen, giv-
!

(formerly
Sov.

ing details of the fighting. It is believed
that the fighting ocourred yesterday.

 

TRYING TO GET WITTHD ovr,

Court Cabal Urging Czar to Dismiss the
Premier—Cabinet Loyal. a
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tam Bum,

St. PEtTerspuna, Nov. 29.—With the
exception of Admiral Durnovo, Minister
of Posts and Telegraphs, all the members
of the Cabinet were loyal to Count Witte
in the council held at Tearskoe-Selo to-day,
at which the Czar presided.

Rumors that the court caba) {s sucosed-
ing in its efforts to persuade the Czar to
dismiss Count Witte because of the inter-
nal disorders are increasing. It is certain

that he will not voluntarily resign.

 

POLICE NOW STRIKING.

 

Demand Concessions
Government—Panio in Stocks,
Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

St. PETERSBURG, Noy. 29.—It is expected
that the telegraph operators of St. Petera-
burg will strike to-morrow.

The general situation is considered most
desperate, A railroi: striko is expected
at any moment.

There was franti: :«!ling on the bourse
to-day, and prices 1 ic lied the lowest point
yet recorded.

The police of Grodno struck in a body,
| whereupon the Governor dismissed them
all and requisitioned troops to perform
police duty. The result is not known,
The police at St. Petersburg have pre-
sented claims to the Government for an
| increase of pay and four days leave of
! absence each month.
| The sailors of the Baltic and Black Sea
fleets demand an improvement in the food
| right to wear civil
aud immunity

served out to them, thi
ian clothes when on
{ from arrest on political charges when on
leave.
| LONDON, Nov. 29.-

messages arriving in London to-day trom
| Russia are from St. Petersburg, by way of

| ve

The only telegraphia

Finland,

The St. Petersburg newspapers say that
the Semenhoff regiment and the chasseurs
of the guard have refused to arrest any of

their comrades an! thet the naval! arracks

'

| at St. Petersburg are locked and barred
| every night

| RUN ON ST. PETERSBURG Rinks,
| Depostiors Rushing to Pranifer Acoonacs

to Foreign Insiliuitons,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Paris, Nov. 20,—A Petersburg de-
spatch to the Matin scys that people aro

besieging the bt. ce ty and

St

From the Russtan