}
;
i

  
 
 

 

transferring their deposits to foreign banka.
The Imperial Bank's branch at Moscow
has refused to accept paper money. The
bank at St. Petersburg accepts it at one-
third ita face value,

The strike of the telegraph operators
is spreading.

TQ JOIN REVOLT AGAINST CZAR.

 

Anna Strunsky and Her Sister Going Abroad
to Help Revolutionists,

SAN FRANnc18C0, Nov. 20.~—Anna Strunsky
and her sister Rose left here to-day for
Geneva, Switzerland, headquarters of
Russian revolutionists, to join the revolt
ogainst the Czar. Miss Anna Strunsky
was a student at Stanford University
several years ago and since that time has
lectured extensively throughout the United
States on socialism. She was well known
because of her vigorous attacks upon the
Czar in public utterances.

With Jack London she is the joint author
of “The Wade Hampton Letters,” that
caused some discussion when published.
She has contemplated the-trip for some
time, but her departure with her sister,
who is a candidate for graduation at Stan
ford in December, comes asa surprise

The young women will receive instruc-
tions at the Geneva headquarters and pro-
ceed on their hazardous journey to Russia,

To Raise Martial Law in Poland.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nov. 20.—A despatch to the
Exchange Telegraph Company from St.
Petersburg says that martial law in Poland
will be abolished on Dec, 12.

 

—

RUSSIAN COMMITTEE ASKS HELP.

Great Need There— Fund Here Now More
Than 8040,000,

The Jewish relief committee has re-
ceived this copy of a letter sent by Baron
Horace Gunzburg of St. Petersburg to
Sir Samuel Montagu of London:

His Majesty, the Emperor, having au-
thorized ine to form a central committee to
recelve and distribute funds for the relief
of the families suffering by the massacres,
under my presidency a committee has been
formedof Mr M.R. A. Kamenky (who isatthe
head of the Banque de I’ Azoff Don, our Central
Bank), Messrs, Kaplan, Scheftel and Hats-
berg (all three lawyers), and Mr. A. Wor-
echawsky and Mr. H. Wawelberg
well known), To these we have added the
name of my son David, The committee
meets every two days.

The needs are great, bad news accumulates
and the money disappears quickly. Uls
Excellency, Chargé d’Affaires of his British

Maiesty, has (ransinitted to me for the com- |

mittee £10,000, an equal amount being trans-
mitted to my son-in-law, S. Ashkenocey, for
transmission to the relief committee, re-
questing me to have these sums distributed
in the provinces by local committees and
avoid to employ the British Consuls for this
work. IT await the £15,000 which you have
advised me and which form a part of the
American subseription.

We can consider as victims only such per-
gons who have suffered with the Jews and
forthem, while the aggressors and the “agents
provocateurs” will not be entitled to any
aympathy whatsoever from ur,

The agent of the Minister of the Interior,
M. Dournovo, has confirmed to me what
you have told him regarding the Govern-
ment's wish, that I attend personally to the
distribution (by committees in the provinces),
and he has repeated that he is depending
on it that I only award relief to those who
have siffered, to which I shall give strict
attention.

The fund yesterday reached _a total of
$942,548.17. Gifts of $100 from Elihu Root,
$250 from Robert A. Van Wyck and $250 from
Emerson MoMillan were acknowledged.
A Presbyterian church in Plainfield, N. J.,
gent $142.54.

 

YOUNG SPANISH KING FIRM.

 

Declares to Cabinet He Will Suppress Dis-
order by All Means.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Mapnip, Nov. 29.—It is reported that King
Alfonso, who presided at a meeting of the
Cabinet to-day, declared his intention as
the head of a democratic state to maintain
the constitution by all means.

The situation is somewhat complicated.
The most serious feature at the moment
is the angry excitement among the mili-
tary officers owing to the Catalanist attacks
on the army. It was this that led to the
officers’ raiding and smashing newspaper
offices in Baroelona last Saturday and the
consequent disciplinary measures. Further
attacks in the Cortes by Catalanist Senators
and Deputies caused the military resentment
to become white hot. This has developed
into serious, even dangerous, excitement
@mnong the military element, which has
threatened public demonstrations, With
the view to preventing these the officers
here, as well as the troops, were forbidden
to quit the barracks to-day,

Gen, Weyler, Minister of War, says he
hors to be able to calm the excitement.

The newspapers report that all the gar-
risons in Spain are angry and restless,

ns Cortes to-day again discussed ihe
bill for the suspension of the constitutional
guarantees in Catalonia. Prime Minister
Montero Rios appealed to the Chamber to
sanction the measure as necessary to pre-
vent the preponderance of military author-
ity. The officers in Barcelona, he said,
could not be allowed to conduct themselves
es they had. There must be no military
oligarchy in Spain, where the sovereignty
of the nation must be supreme.

The Republican members opposed the
bill, but it was ultimately adopted.

Rumors of a Cabinet crisis persist. Mean-
while matters at Barcelona have reassumed
their normal condition. The Supreme
Court has initiated a prosecution of the
disturbers.

MADMAN ATTACKS DUCHESS,

Tries to Throw Stone at Cousin of King
Victor Emmanuel.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Rome, Nov. 20.—The Duchess of Aosta,
whose husband is a cousin of King Victor
Emmanuel of Italy, was riding in a motor
car last evening at Naples when a man
attempted to hurl a large stone at the car.
He was prevented from doing so and was
placed under arrest. The police say that
he is not an anarchist, but that he is mad.
He has not been identified.

Archbishop Accepts Jamestown's Invita-
tion.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Loxpon, Nov. 20.—The Archbishop of

Canterbury has accepted the invitation of | tended to be his own private secretary.

President H. St. George Tucker, that the
“hureh of England participate in the James-
town, Va., exhibition in 1907. A celebration
of the establishment of the first English
Episcopal Church in America will be held
at Richmond in connection with the James-
town exhibition.

 

Germany’s Representatives at Algeciras.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
BERLIN, Nov. 29.—It is officially an-
nounced that Count Radowitz, German
Ambaseader to Spain, and Count von
Tattenbach-Askold, German Minister to
Morocco, will represent Germany at the
Moroccan conference at Algeciras,

T@ CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take LAXATIVE BROMO Quinine Tablets. Drug-
ists refund money if it falls to cure. E. oo
VE'S slmnawure is on each box, 25c,—Ade.
a

 

Fe.

 

¢é¢Improvement’’ is the
big word in the

SMITH PREMIER |

dictionary. The simple,
Bi-Chrome Ribbon is an

example. Touch a lever
and you write another
color. The ribbon |
feeding device of the

SMITH PREMIER

distributes the wear
evenly over the entire
ribbon surface and
reverses it automati-
cally.

You simply insert the
ribbon; then forget it
till it's worn out
entirely.

THE SEIZURE OF MYTILENE.

effectiveness of its |
|

 

| Powers’ Fleet Landed 600 Sallors, but Has

(both |

 

 

‘informed the diplomatists at a reception

Withdrawn 5600,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

CONSTANTINOPLE, Novy. 28 (Delayed),—Of
600 sailors who were landed on the island
of Mytilene by the international fleet 600
have been withdrawn, Constantinople re-
mains quiet.

A ridiculous aspect has been given to the
situation by the ambassadors of the nations
now violating Turkish territory not only
decorating their embassies in honor of the
festival of Bairam, but, in compliance with
an invitation, sending their dragomans to |
represent them at the court ceremonies |
and to congratulate the Sultan. The incl-
dent has added to the derision with which
the policy of the Powers is regarded by |
those informed as to foreign affairs

VIENNA, Nov. 20,—It is stated that Count
Goluchowski, Minister of Foreign Affairs,

to-day that it waa expected the Porte would
soon accept the financial scheme proposed
by the Powers for Macedonia, which would
enable the withdrawing of the interna- |
tional squadron from Turkish waters.

It is asserted from other sources that the |
Porte's acceptance will be annotnced on
Friday.

TOKIO FREE OF MARTIAL LAW,

 

Press Restrictions Imposed During the
Riots Are Removed,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

ToK10, Nov. 20.--The vigorous protests
of the Press Association finally have proved
fruitful. The Privy Council yielded to-day |
and abolished martial law and the press |
restrictions that have been enforced since |
the riots in September. All the suspended
journals have been released.

The Russian cruisers Rossia, Bogatyr |
and Gromoboi, forming the Vladivostok
squadron, arrived at Nagasaki this morning.

The agitation in Seoul against the treaty |
between Japan and Corea, recently nego- |
tiated by the Marquis Ito, is not regarded
here as serious.

 

Ambassador Meyer's Plans.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nov. 29.—C,. Von L. Meyer, the

American Ambassador to Russia, started |
to-day for St. Petersburg by way of Paris
and Berlin. He visited Foreign Secretary
Lansdowne yesterday, accompanied by
Ambassador Reid. He will visit Prime
Minister Rouvfer in Paris and Chancellor
von Buelow on Berlin,

 

Alexander Winton Wins British Bride.
Special Cable pespatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Noy. 20.—The betrothal is an-
nounced of Alexander Winton, head of the
Winton automobile company, and Belle,
daughter of Duncan McGlashan of Paisley.
The marriage will take place on December
12, after which the couple will make a tour |
of England. They will then go toCleveland.

 

Germany Hars Foretgn Cattle.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
BERLIN, Nov. 20.—The recommendation
of the Minister of Agriculture that the |
frontier be opened for the importation of |
foreign cattle has been rejected.

NEW HEARST HEADQUARTERS.
M.

 

 

0. Men Meet to Discuss Forming a
State Organization.

William R. Hearst's organization, the
Municipal Ownership League, opened State
headquarters yesterday in the Gilsey House. |
The suite of rooms taken by the league was
occupied by District Attorney Jerome
during his recent campaign, Thomas F,
Driscoll and ex-Congressman Francis FE,
Shober will be {n charge of the new head-
quarters.

There wasa meeting yesterday afternoon
at the headquarters of the Assemblymen
and Aldermen who were elected on the
Municipal Ownership ticket. Bird S. Coler,
the President-elect of Brooklyn borough,
attended also. The purpose of the meeting
was to discuss plans for extending the
scope of the organization throughout the
State. The discussion was merely a desul-
tory one and about all that was accomplished
was the exchanging of assurances between
the men elected on the Municipal Owner-
ship ticket that they would remain loyal to
the league and would heartily support any
plans oymulated by Mr. Hearst, Max F,

hmsen and other heads of the organiza-
tion.

SECRETARY MULRONEY TO GO.
Need

 

New Park Commissioner Does Not
Soch an Assistant.

Joseph 8. Mulroney, private secretary to |
the Park Commissioner, was dismissed |
yesterday by Park Commissioner Parsons, |

It was reported some days ago that the |
Commissioner had asked for the resigna- |
tions of Mulroney, Supt. Caldwell of the |
Speedway and James Flood, private stenog- |
rapher to the Commissioner. Flood handed
in his resignation last week.

Mr. Parsons sent for the private secre-
tary yesterday and told him that his resig-
nation was desired as a matter of economy.
The Commissioner said there was nothing
personal in the matter, but that he had
no work for a private secretary, as he in-

Mulroney declined to resign, and a short
time afterward received a letter from Secre-
tary Willis Holly saying that by order of |
the Commissioner his services would not
be required after Dec. 1. |

 

Reform Club Dinner to H. A. Metz.

A dinner to the Comptroller-elect will |
be given at the National Arts Club, 37 West
Thirty-fourth street, by his fellow mem-
bers of the Reform Club on Tuesday next.
The speakers will be Edward M. Shepard
Robert Grier Monroe, James Byrne, anc
Wallace MacFarlane. Mayor McClellan
has been invited. The dinner committee
consists of J. G. Agar, Louis Windmiller
and Everett V. Abbot.

Mr. Metz will also be guest of honor at a
dinner at the Kings County Democratic Club,
Brooklyn, next Monday night.
Grout will be toastmaster. Mayor McClellan
and Edward M. Shepard will speak.

 

SE  ————

| HAPPINESS BY THE SACKFUL

| besides, 300 pounds of coffee, 200 pounds

| iniquity.

| with happness.

Comptroller |

rHE SUN,

 

REAL THANKSGIVING TO-DAY IN
500 EAST SIDE HOMES,

Aunt Sara Had Her Buslest Time at Fittle
Missionaries’ Nursery — Koasts and Pics,
Potatoes and Puddings Borne Off
by Tired Women and Fraltl Mites.

Miss Sara (Curry-she is Aunt Sara to
goodness knows how many fatherless and
motherleas children in tenement warrens |
over on the Fast Side stood ankle deep in
fragrant mince pies yesterday afternoon
at the Little Missionaries’ Day Nursery |
in St. Mark'a place, distributing Thanks-
giving dimnera to pinch-faced little folk
and bent, seadeyed grownups who have
to think a long time to figure out what
they've got to be thankful for at any time
of the year.

Aunt Sara, in blue drill and spotless
white apron, could hardly be seen for the
mountains of good things which were
heaped in the big room. The floor, wher-
ever there was a vacant place, was ¢ arpeted
with the pies, which disseminated an odor
most disturbing to the rollicking babes at |
play in the rooms below, and which « aused,
at intervals of ten or fifteen minutes, cy-
clonic rushes which were repelled by Aunt
Sara with severe words, threatening ges-
tures and very smiling eyes.

Potatoes in barrels—remarkable tubers,
each a meal in itself—towered grandly |
above the pies, seeming to say: “The
frills and fancy contraptions are all very
well, but we are the old standbys; we are
the fillers. You won't get pains in the
tummy from any of us.”

Of apples there were five barrels the
reddest checked and juiciest going, There
were onions in three barrels, turnips in |
seventeen and parsnips in ten, A most
delightful smell oozed from under a long
white sheet. It came from exactly 100
plum puddings; all in a row, Each plum
pudding appeared to emit a whisper from |
its fatness; “For goodness sake don't |
stuff yourself so you can't attend to us.
We're just dripping with sweetness.”

An immense quantity of pot roasts
were ranged along the wells. These were
topped with 175 dressed chickens, whieh
seemed to regard the humble pot roasts
with contempt or at least the barest tolera-
tion, as much astosay: “You can’t havea
Thanksgiving dinner, a real old time feed,
without us or our big cousin, Mr. Turkey
Gobbler.” Every available niche and chink
in the remainder of the room was crammed

with tomatoes and corn and peas in cans—
300 cans of each vegetable, ‘There were,

 

of tea and 93 pounds of butter, very sweet
and yellow.

The little, blue eyed, overworked woman,
bulwarked behind this accumulation of
riches, distributed to each comer a great |
flour sack, crammed to the very top. In
each sack were potatoes, two loaves of
bread, cans of vegetables, a chicken or |
maybe a pot roast, coffee or tea and a |
splendid mince pie. During the after-
noon she gave out 500 of these sacks, every
sack holding enough for a fine big dinner,
with*enough left to piece out a day or two
more. She gave them out with a pat on
the shoulder, a kiss. a smile and, onee in
a while, a shake of the finger and a frown
for the greedy and the overeager,

From the sidewalk in front of 93 St. ;
Mark's place, where the day nursery
to the door of the room where Aunt Sara
stood, the stairs were jammed with chil-
dren, women and a few men, They were,
almost without exception, of the very
oor; the prope for whom Thanksgiving
Bay would have had absolutely no signifi-
cance save for Aunt Sara's bounty and
the cheery word or two that went with
it. The children were very small. There
were little girls in old, reamed shawls
wrapped tightly around their thin shoulders
against the chill and rain, little girls with
shoes out at the toes and with flapping
soles; little girls who made a brave effort
to dress up for the occasion with a Knot |
of red ribbon in their hair or a torn, but
very clean shirt waist of their mother’s.

Half the crowd of children were boys who
became 80 excited because of the pros-

is,

 

pect of plenty that they shoved and pushed |
| the little girls and showed very plainly
that they had forgotten their manners,

They were very naughty and it was quite
painful to witness, but they were duly
punished, for they had to wait till the last,
tortured by the terrible thought that maybe
the mince pies and the chicken wouldn't
last until Aunt Sara ger around to them. ,
Very difficult is the way of the trans-

reasor, when Aunt Sarah's alert eve marks

im and her finger singles him out in his

Shouldered about in that turbulence |
of children were mothers-—just the plain, |

| tired mother one sees so often on the East

Side—their eyes lit up with the delight of |
being able to give thelr youngsters one |
real good feed. They were of many races |
and they came, as did the children, from
that part of the great East Side which lies |
between Seventeenth street and Cherry
street and+the river and Third avenue, |
The few men, with a timidity that seemed
remarkable, kept very much in the back-
ground, letting the children and the wornen |
go first to get their sacks. |

Aunt Sara's ears were fairly deafened by
the entreaties poured into them. Almost
every child had some intimate family trou-
ble it must tell her alone, secretly, so that no
other child would know the shame of it,
She hadn't much time, but she gave to each
what she could in the way of advice or com-
fort. They clung to her apron, held on to |
her skirt and clutched at her busily working
hands. Father had lost his job or mother |
was sick or brother had to have a doctor
and nobody knew how the doctor was going
to be paid.

“Say, Aunt Sara,” whispered a little girl
whose dress seemed to hold together out
of sheer stubbornness, “me mudder wants to
know, she does, if we kin eat our T'anksgiv-
in’ dinner to-day. Honest, Aunt Sara, we
ain't had areal dinner since Monday. Mud-
der, she ain't been able to go after de
shoits.” |

Aunt Sara knew that not going after the
shirts meant thin meals, so she not only gave |
the child the Thanksgiving dinner, but she
added to it enouRh of her store to last the
sick mother and her family for two or three
days.

In came a very small girl, somewhat
larger than a plum pudding, leading by the
hand a broad and somewhat embarrassed
policeman.

“Dis is me pal,” the little girl confided to
Miss Curry. “I brung him along ‘cause I
ain't takin’ no chances with me dinner.
Dere'sa very bad lot of boys over near home
you know, and dey might grab me feed.” |

She got her sack, the big policeman threw
it across his capable shoulders and they
went out together, the copper a little red
in the face, the little girl just gurgling

 

Pretty soon a whole family of children
came in, all for one sack, There were six |

DIAMONDS AT |

JACCARDS

For over 76 years we have made a specialt
of diamonds C ed

Our enormous St, Louis house is the dlamon
headquarters for the entire West and South. ¢

Festoon Necklaces |

 

 

Unusual graceful new effect in Diamonds, |
Pearls and Sapphires. Onr exclusive design,

$525 00.

Other Necklaces, $25.00 to 810.000.00

Dtamond Scarf Pins, $10.00 to 8 1,500 00

Diamond Rings, $15.00 to 8 5,000.00.

MERM(QD, JACCARD & KING JEWELRY CO.

400 FIFTH AVE.

Between 36th and 37th Sts.
Hlustrated catalog sent on request,

 

| every article put into it, becoming

| me ter handle.

| board, but

THURSDAY.” NOVEMBER 80, 1905.

 

 

 

es form calls for a |

Hnox
HAT

It is the model of elegance

and hat perfection.

 

Agenctesin all principal olttes of the world,

EE EE TR TEE TR RE SRA

 

 

of them, four boys and two girls, and they
advanced in order of seniority, head of the
line four feet tall, end of it a scant two.
While Aunt Sara's assistanta loaded their
sack, they watched with eloquent eyes
hugely
excited when the mince pie was put in to cap
the whole.

“Here,” said Miss Curry, when a boy about
the size of a can of corn struggled to throw

a sackful of dinner over his tiny shoulders, |

“here, don't you want help to get that
home?"

““Nit,” said the sturdy infant, “I'm de
man in our family, Dis ain't nothin’ fer
Youse oughter see me woik,
Me mudder says I’m better’n de old man
ever was.”

By 6 o'clock in the evening the big room
was barer than Mother Hubbard's cup-
in at least 500 homes there was
real happiness and an actual thanksgiving,

“{ only wish we had the money to do ten
times the work,” said Miss Curry, “Nine
years ago I started this with just $14 of
my own money.
on the East Side and 1 realized how neces-
sary it was to provide a place where moth-
ers and fathers who had to work fourteen
hours a day could leave their children 60
they could be well taken care of, All our
contributions have been from individuals,
mostly unsolicited. Now we take care of
120 children in our own building here, There
ix a mortgage on it for $25,000, and it costs
us $1,200 every year to pay the interest.
You don't know how much I hope that
somebody will come to the rescue, If
people could come down here and see what
this work really means I know they would
help us out.”

The Episcopal City Mission, at 38 Bleecker

I had been a missionary |

 

|
|
|

 

street, sent out on Tuesday and Wednes- |

day hundreds of bags containing turkeys
and all the fixings for a fine dinner to more
than 500 families.

DINNERS A-PLE

Charitable Institutions to Celebrate—Jews
to Have a Pilgrims’ Day.

To-day bids fair to be an old fashioned
Thanksgiving, with few outside attractions,
but no lack of dinners even for the very
poor.

Some of the railways offer special induce-
ments to those who wish to spend the day
in the country, and thousands will probably
take advantage of these reduced rates to
spend the day at home with the old folks.
The rest of us will try to enjoy ourselves
in the city, and most New Yorkers will
probably spend the day with their families.

For those who wish to attend church
union services will be held in various parts
of the city, several congregations uniting
in one service. Some of the churches
will celebrate the day by distributing gifts
to the poorer members of their congrega-
tions and to the poor in their neighborhoods,
Practically all the missions and beneficent
institutions will give dinners, at which
thousands will be fed. At God's Provi-

 

‘TY TO-DAY.

 

dence House, 350 Broome street, the society |

will give a dinner to 1,200 or more homeless
men and women.

The American Female Guardian Society
will hold its seventy-second Thanksgiving
celebration at the home, 936 Woodycrest
avenue. ‘This will be followed by an enter-
tainment in the afternoon.

The Five Points House of Industry,
at 155 Worth street, will have a dinner at 1
o'olock.

sheriff Erlanger will treat the prisoners in
Ludlow Street Jail to an elaborate Thanks-

iving dinner to-day, as he did last year,

he feast will be washed down with cider,
carbonated water and ice water, the prison
rules prohibiting liquors and wines.

Two thousand boys will be made happy
by a big dinner, games and entertainments
at the New York Catholic Protectory, in
West Chester.

Even the newcomers are not to be for-
gotten, and a dinner will be given to the

| Bay landed immigrants by Harry Balfe,

who has the contract for feeding the immi-
grants at Ellis Island.

The politicians are also to fare well-—as
a matter of course. ‘Vhe Second Assem-
bly District Democratic Club,
annual pig's head dinner at the clubrooms,
71 Sands street, Brooklyn. :

Among the exercises of the day will be
a concert of the Heinebund Singing So-
ciety of New York at the immigrant station
at Ellis Island. ‘This entertainment is held
by courtesy of the Commissioner of Immi-
gration, Robert Watchorn.

the pupils of the Ethical Culture School,
at Central Park West and Sixty-third street,

| will have a Thanksgiving festival at 9

A. M.

The boys at the Brooklyn Die puna y
Training School for Boys, at highteenth
avenue between Thirty-sixth and Thirty-
eighth streets, will hold exercises occupying
most of the afternoon,

be held in Carnegie Hall at 2:30 P. M. to
celebrate the 250th anniversary of the settle-
ment of the Jews in America. Addresses
will be delivered by Grover Cleveland,
Frank W. Higgins, George B. McClellan,
Bishop Greer, Mayer Sulzberger
others. President Roosevelt has sent a
letter regretting his inability to attend.

The Socialists are also going to celebrate.
Resolutions sent to the New York Socialists
by their Western brethren request that they
consider November 30 as a special Socialist
thanksgiving day.

 

Job for James Dunne.
Sheriff-elect Michael J. Flaherty of Kinga
County, at the special request of Bird S.
Coler, Borough President-elect, has ap-
pointed James Dunne of the Third Assembly

district undersheriff at $6,000 a year. Mr.
| Dunne held the flaw under Sheriff
Walter. He is friendly to James Shevlin,

the leader of the anti-McCarren forces, but
took a leading part in the recent campaign
for the M. O. L. ticket.

  
 
 
 

  
    

Mie” Be Thankful
Be Thankful

  

 

|

of which |
| Martin Conly is president, will hold its

 

 

WRECK ON A NON-UNION JOB,

70-FOOT DERRICK PULLED DOWN
—WORK OF SKILLED MEN.

Mishap on Can Company Bullding That Re-
calls the Days of Sam Parks's Wreck-
ing Crew—-Kilort Made to Tumble
Over Two Other Big Derrioks,

 

 

The famous “wrecking crew" of the
Housesmiths and Bridgemen's Union, or-
ganized when the late Sam Parks was in
power, is, according to the employers, still
in existence, They say that it got in some
of its fine work at the American Can Com-

pany's building, Fourteenth street and
Tenth avenue,
When Superintendent of Construction

Horgan went to the building, which ie one
of the three manned for Post & McCord,
he found that the seventy foot, ten ton
derrick in the callar, the largest of four
used on the building, had been pulled down,
carrying with it in its fall parts of the planks
and floor and smashing several cast iron
beams and pillars.

That the work was done by skilled men
no one could doubt, There was a chain of
three derricks, one in the cellar, one on the
second floor and one on the seventh floor,
all connected and secured by guy ropes,
Two watchmen and a special policeman

| were on hand, accompanied by two mongrel

dogs, warranted to bark when strangers
appeared, The watchmen swapped anec-
dotes for two hours, during which the men
who cut the derricks were working in the
darkness. A low growl from one of the dogs
was heard, but this was thought to be be-
cause it heard a passing footstep. One of
the watchmen thought he heard a crash,
but was not sure,

The derricks were on an extension of the
building running through to the Fifteenth
street side, Horgan found that an attempt
had been made to bring down all three
derricks, which would have been success-
ful if the wreekers bad not forgotten to
cut one rope.

The men began operations on the seventh
floor, cutting half way through a guy rope
connecting all derricks, Then they went
down to the cellar and, cutting the guy
ropes of the big derrick, pulled it down.
If the derrick on the seventh floor had not
been held by a rope which they overlooked
the strain would have brought all three
down,

“They thought that only one rope held
the derrick on the seventh floor,” said Mr.
Horgan yesterday, “that by cutting it half
through the fall of the cellar derrick would
pull it down and that it would carry with it
the middle derrick."

Mr. Horgan said that none but expert
housesmiths and men acquainted with the
building could have done the damage
He felt sure that it was the work of men
who had got places as strikebreakers. The
dogs evidently knew them, The watch-
men were on the Fourteenth street side
of the building, where the workers enter.

Strikebreaker James Farlev was at the
building to-day and hadatalk with Hergan.
Farley said there was no difficulty in filling
the places of the striking housesmiths, but
that it was hard to get engineers, partly be-
cause of a city ordinance providing that
an engineer must be a certain time in this
city before he can be licensed

A man named Wedell, who took charge
of affairs for Farley during the Inter-
borough strike and assigned the strike-
breakers to their places, will have charge
of the assignment of the strikebreakers on
Post & McCord's contracts.

The attempted wrecking of the American
Can Company's building was reported
yesterday to the strike committee of the
Building Trades Employers’ Association,
Tt was decided to make every effort to
hunt down the perpetrators of the mischief,

International President Ryan of the
housesmiths said yesterday that the strikers
had nothing to do with the wrecking.

“I do not approve of the damaging of
buildings,” he said, “or of violence of any
kind. IT am of the opinion that the work
was done by some person or persons who

want to discredit the strikers in the eyes

of the public.”
Secretary Farrell
and
strikers had nothing to do with the fall of
the derrick. Anattempt, he said, was evi-

of the housesmiths

| Thetr Last

bridgemen's union declared that the |

dently made to have it appear that it was |

the work of strikers.

TEAMSTERS LOCKOUT FIZZLES.,

One of the Truck Owners Takes Back the
Men He'd Let Go.

No more team owners locked out their
drivers yesterday.

customers of the team owners have been

bringing strong pressure to bear on them |

to keep the men employed. They succeeded
so well with J. P. McDonald, a member
of the association, who hasa stable at Crosby
and Prince streets, that he weakened during
the day. He made the announcement that
he would keep his men at work,

“My men are all back again,” he said

Os ; , | yesterday, “and I will keep them at work,
The most not able service of the day will |

and |

Be Thankful
Be Thankful

I make my living by trucking and care
more for my family than for the New York
Team Owners’ Association,”

Henry ©. Hunter, secretary of the New
York Team Owners’ Association, said that
Mr. McDonald was a member of the asso-
ciation, but he knew nothing of his taking
his men back.

“He may or may not have yielded to the
men,” he continued; “but that does not dis-
courage us. There are more trucks manned
to-day with ron-union men than at any time
since the lockout started, In all about
thirty-seven employers, who had about
450 drivers, have followed the lockout order
up to date.”

There was friction at the downtown piers
yesterday because the union truck drivers
tried to make it difficult for non-union
drivers to reach the piers. :

The Teamsters’ Union met yesterday
and reported that several members of the
Team Owners’ Association who have not
obeyed the lockout order have signed
agreements with the union, It was also re-

ported that another large firm had decided
to take its locked out men back.

OS ee

Rinks

character.

for the opportunity to end your purchase of rent receipts
apply that money towards the ownership of a REAL HOME.

that one more tearing up and moving may be the last, and that henceforh May %
and October can come and go and you will not be numbered among “the movers ”

that your wife and children ore still with you in spite of the unhealthful confinement of the city,
and resolve to take steps at once to end all this.
VISIT PALISADE ON_ THANKSGIVING DAY, SELEC
PRESENT A DEED OF IT TO YOU

W.W.&E. E. SLOCUM. Selling Agents, Suite 1009, Times Bldg., Broadway and 42d St.

Send for our descriptive book.

It was learned that the |

|

|

| i away.

|
|
|
|
'

|

|

To The New York Business Man:

thet during the present year there has for the first time come
into exittence a New York suburb both accessible and of high

T THE BEST UNSOLD LOT OR HOUSE, AND
R WIFE FOR CHRISTMAS,

Jllustrated in colors.

————————<——

 

The Orchestrelle te distinctive, differing radically from all other automatic

instruments,

It represents the orchestra and reproduces orchestral music aa no

other single instrument can, save only the Aeolian Pipe-Organ, The Orchestretle

appeals to the higher musical temperament,
ments have given an impetus to the growing interest in this instrument,

The Orchestrelle

Its Importance as an Fducational Factor and as a Means

Recent developments and improve-

 

{

of Making the Great Masterpieces of Music Accessible to
the Whole Public

AN
With Walter R. Spalding,

Harvard

: «Professor Spalding, the promi-
nent part taken by Harvard Uni-
versity in the matter of musical
instruction and the advanced meth-
ods which you have introduced
render of general interest your
opinions on certain questions which
I wish to ask, In the first place,
I should like to inquire when you
first began to take an interest in the
class of musical instruments which
substitute perforated music-rolis for
the human fingers.’’

«Tt seems as though this were a
subject in which I have always been
interested, As a matter of fact, I
believe it was about seven years ago
that my attention was first called to
the Aeolian, the instrument that
has since been developed into the
Orchestrelle, We have used both
an Orchestrelie and a Pianola in
the regular musical courses at Har-
vard, and we have found these
instruments extremely helpful in
accomplishing the higher educational
aims of the department.’’

««Were you at first conscious of
a prejudice against instruments of
this tvpe?”’

«At the very beginning, perhaps,
yes. But the impression was only
momentary and passed away as
soon as I understood what the
instruments really were—of what
they were capable in conveving a
knowledge of the higher forms of
music. ’’

* «Has this opinion of the Or-
chestrelle been justified by later
experience?’’

«©The best answer to that is the
fact that we have an Orchestrelle on
the platform at Holden Chapel
alongside the grand piano, and it is
in daily use both by the students
and by myself, I am using another
Orchestrelle at Radclifie, the girls’
college, in connection with my

INTERVIEW

Ass’t Professor of Music ct

University |
lectures there in the musical courses,
I also used it to illustrate the lec-
tures for the public at Fogp Lecture
Hall which I gave last year prelim-
inary to the Boston Symphony |
concerts, playing over and explain-
ing most of the compositions in |
advance of their pertormance, |
There were between three hundred
and four hundred persons present
at each of these lecture-recitals, and
I had the most direct evidence
that the advance hearing on the
Orchestrelle greatly enhanced their
pleasure and understanding of the |
masterwworks to which they subse-
quently listened.’?

“Nai three out of one hundred
persons who attend serious orches-
tral concerts in this country vead/y
gel their money's worth, You
might almost say thev are swindied
and do not know it, since being
insufficiently prepared thew do not
get the ccmposer’s message. The
pertormance passes over them like a

flood. Thev naturally obtain some
enjoyment, but nothing like what

they might. It is as though you
were rushed onthe double-quick
past some of the great canvasses in
the Jtalian galleries—the Titians
and the Tintorettos — you could not
help but be impressed to some ce-
gree, but what have vou to carry
away, what appreciation of the |
intimate and subtie beauties of these |
great works of art? Just as it is
necessary thit you should contem-
p'a‘e a great painting tor a reason-
able length of time, so it is necessary
that vou should hear a great musica!
work of art over and over again if
you would derive from it the pleasure
the master intended. It is because
the Orchestrelle makes possible and
easy this repetition that I feel justified
incommending it to every person
who seriously seeks comprehension
of true musicaleart.””

(70 be continued on Monday.)

The Orchestrelle is an instrument p/ayah/e 1 any
An interesting booklet entitled ‘(The Orchestrelle end tha
will be sent to any address on application.

knowledge of music,
Orchestra "*

onte, irrespective of ane prewions

The Aeolizn Company

Aeolian Hail

262 Fifth Avenue, near Thirty-fourth Street. New York

 

LET THE TURKEYS STRUT,

Diy, So Magistrate Mayo

Wouldn't Strain the Law.

Policeman Riley of the health squad
saw two live turkeys yesterday in ths
show window of Chevus Finkelstain, a
butcher, at 56 Ludlow street, and prompily
arrested Finkelstein for violating the
health ordinances, As Riley and the
prisoner were on their way to the Essex
Market police court they passed by Silver-
man's Hotel, at Grand and Ludlow streets,
which is now the headquarters of the Essex
Market Bar Association, Silverman had
three live turkeys in the window a3 a holi-
day exhibit.

“Arrest him, too, why don't you?” asked
Finkelstein, “If I violate the law so doas
Silverman.”

Riley took in Silverman on ths sam3
charge.

When the prisoners were arraignad befora
Magistrate Mayo it was explained tht
Silverman was following out an old tima
custom on the East Side in advertising a
turkey raffle. Finkelstein admitted no-
body could raffle for any of his turkeys.

“The turkey at this time is a national
bird,” said Magistrate Mayo, “and some
consideration must be allowed during
Thanksgiving week for his display. He
is proud to-day, but to-morrow he will have
We don't want to strain a
aw too hard on an occasion of this kind,
especially when the law was not intended
to meet cases of this kind. The prisoners
are discharged.”

About a hundred saloon keepers on the
East Side, when they heard about the ar-
rests, hurriedly shut up their window dis-
play of live fowl. When they heard the
decision the birds were put on view again
and were permitted to strut around again
until the dice had clinched their doom.

 

 

New Auditor of Excise Department.

ALBANY, Nov. 20.—State Excise Commis-
Sioner Cullinan to-day announced the ap-
pointment of Fred M. Bishop of Oswego as
auditor in his department, at a salary of
$2,500, in place of Henry A. Soule, who was
recently promoted to be second deputy.
Bishop has been confidential clerk in the
Department.

  
 
  

    

  
  
 

and

   
     
  

  
    
       
     

   

‘Nasal Gatarrh, Asthma, Hay
| Fever, Bronchitis, Catarrial

| Deafness, Incipient
Consump ion.

|
comeeram

 

Theabove catarrhal con-
ditions arethe most prev-
alent in North Amero.
Why? Because the metn-
ods heretofore emploved
incombating them are in-
adequate. One trial of
Butcher's Direct Contact
method will satisfy any-
one that they ean be cured,
We want the worst cas?
in the country.

Write or Call
110 W. 34th Se.,Suire 99,
New York City, N. Y.

Butcher's
Direct

 

Thieves Steal Constable's Badge.
Burglars entered the home of Constal'!s
Richard Garrick at 117 Palisade avenue,
Je‘sey City, a few nights ago and carrie |
off his gold watch, chain and charm anil

$35 in money. They also stole his official
badge of office.

John Jameson

|
me
|
|
|

 

Whiskey

Stands forthe highest
type of whiskey made.
its Purity, Flavor and
Wholesomeness' are
peculiar to itself.

W. A. TAYLOR & CO.., 20 Broadway, N. Y

 

MARRIED.

DUNN—TURNER.—On Wednesday, Nov, 28, 19,
at the home of the bride's father, 634 West Find
ave,, by the Rev, Dr. Eckman, Ella Smy'he
daughter of Charles Wesiey Turmer, to Harris
Ashton Dunn,

 

DIED.

FREIFELD.—Bertha, in the 75th year of her 6F°¢.
on Tuesday, Nov. 28, at her late residence, 63!
Lafayette av., Brooklyn.

Funeral services Thursday evening, Nov. 5»
At 7:30 o'clock,

HARGOUS,—On Friday, Nov, 24, 1005, at the Cbs
teau Frontenac, Quebec, R, L, Hargous, 899
of the late L, S, Hargeus, tn his 54th year

Funeral services at St, Patrick's Cathedral 09
Thursday, Nov, 30, at 11°45 A. M.

PEENE.--Suddenly, at Yonkers, N, Y., on Tursdey.

Nov, 28, 1005, John G, Peene, In his 62d yea:
Funeral service at bis lato residence, 56 Locust
Hillave., Yonkers, Friday afternoon at20 cioc®

SHAW,--Suddenly, Tuesday, Nov, 28, 1905, at 4A M-

D, McLean Shaw, husband of Emma 10/5?
West, aged 66 years,

Funeral services Thursday, Nov. 30, at 104

Interr

Mat

his late residence, 144 West 86th st.

Brooklyn, Wednesday, Nov, 20, Romine Sve"
bury, son of Priscilla Harris and [ers
bury, In the 63d year of his age
Funeral services private
WILTSHIRE.~On ‘Tuesday,
George Wiltshire,
Funeral services Friday, Dee. 1, at2aciork |
at his late residence, 554 Macon st,, Prove
N.Y.

2a, Fra

private,
WATERBURY, —At his residence, 467 Hancor! *
| Nor,