We're closed all day to-day.

So none of our good things
will be gobbled up, and all will |
be here for you to-morrow.

Fine clothing, furnishings,
hats and shoes,for men and boys.

 

Rocers,Prer & Company.

Tkree Broadway Stores,

     

258 £42 1260
at at at
Warren st, 13th st. 32nd st.
|
“GREATEST

JEWELRY SALE,

EVER KNOWN.

N account of the rebuilding of part of

the Hoffman House I will be com-

pelled to offer to the public my complete
stock of over

$500,000 WORTH
OF

DIAMONDS, EMERALDS,
RUBIES, PEARLS, ETC.,

at a great sacrifice. Here is the oppor-
tunity to get your Holiday Gifts at

ASTONISHINGLY LOW PRICES
and within the reach of all,

WM. REIMAN,
25th Street and Broadway.

 

DISBANDS BECAUSE OF MUNRO,

PRISON GATE ASSOCIATION RE- |
SOLVES T0 GO OUT OF BUSINESS,

Then Gets an Offer of $1,200 a Year to Be
gin Over Again With the Tombs Chap-
lain Left Out and May Reconsider
--He Has Quit as Chaplain Also.

 

The advisory board of the Prison Gate |
Association adopted yesterday a resolution |
to disband the organization on January 1 |
and to transfer whatever funds it had left |
in the treasury to the Prison Association. ,

An hour or 60 after the board had ad-
journed the Rey. John B. Devins, the chair-
man, got a telephone message trom a citi- |
zen whose name he would not reveal offer- |
ing to contribute $100 a month to the main- |
tenance of the association provided it was |
kept going under the active management
of some person other than the Rey. J. J. |
Munro, the secretary, who besides acting |
as a chaplain of the Tombs for the Gospel
Mission was the manager of the Prison
Gate headquarters at 150 Baxter street,
Mr. Devins said that this offer put a new
face on the situation and that the board
might reconsider disbanding.

It was dissatisfaction with Mr. Munro
that caused the board to vote to wipe out
the organization. Complaints had been
made against him in connection with his |
work at the Tombs, and these were con- |
sidered at the meeting yesterday. All
the members of the board were present
except Jacob A. Riis, who recently resigned. |
Warden Flynn of the Tombs and Dr. E. T.
Devine of the Charity Organization Society
were there and gave their opinions of the
value of the work done by Mr. Munro.

One of the complaints against Mr. Munro
was that he had issued a circular bearing |
the imprint of the Prison Gate Association
which contained the following paragraph:

I can recall the case of a Bishop going toa
prison in regal splendor and flowing robes
to perform the useless and foolish ceremeny
of confirmation, After it was over, the for-
malist allowed the young man to rot in prison,
They neither tried to help his body or soul,
or find out if he was suffering wrongly or not.

 

|

 

sweetly solemn thought”:

“What is our duty and relation to the public and how
can we best fulfill our mission?”

Selfishness lies at the bottom of nearly every human
motive. Disguise it and ignore it as we may, still it colors
our every action. To-day we wish to cast off this asper-
sion. We wish to come to you with the thought that
although we are in business for profit, that we owe you
a duty. We wish you to feel when you come to our
store that we owe it to you to give you all that is possible
in value in return for your patronage and confidence.

This is your store. We are merely your stewards. We
could not do business without you and we hope that our
storekeeping is of such a nature that you would regret it
should you not be able to trade with us.

You have done your part this year, beyond our fondest
hopes, and we now make a renewal of our covenant with
you that we will do our duty to you to the best of our
ability and endeavor to deserve your approbation.

We are especially thankful to our army of employes all
We owe a great measure of our
success to them, and it is with great pleasure that we note
the enthusiasm they have for ‘‘The Big Store,’’ and we feel
that, owing to their loyalty and esteem, we are invin-
cible, and that along the illimitable lines of progress we
will ever lead, and by our example encourage the world of

over this wonderful store.

trade to still greater efforts.

The Big Store will be closed all day to-day.

“A Thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue,

but the parent of all the other virtues.”

And as our hearts are certainly thankful we hope'that
Cicero is right and that ‘the other virtues’? when born
will be carefully nourished in this store and grow to the
full strength of manhood and womanhood.

Scegel Cooper Co.

 

Ohan ksgtuing.

“Let the man who would be grateful think of repay-
Ing a kindness even while receiving it,’’—Seneca.

It is with hearts bursting with Thankfulness to Provi-
dence and to our fellow man that we pause in the roar and
turmoil of the busiest season this great store has ever
known, and as the clamor of commerce dies away and the
wheels of industry are stilled, there comes to us ‘‘one

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1905..

 

 

 

 

lames McCreery & Co. | James McCreary & Co,

Ladies’ Coats. |

Tweed ‘Tourist’? Coats,

with
euffs.

|
!

14.00
Black Kersey Cloth and)

Broadcloth Paletots.| french Flannel
loose

Close fitting or

Heuse Gown
and Suit Department.

leather collar and| Cashmere Ho: :e Gowns.

Lined throughout and

trimmed with ribbon.
5.75 and 8.50

Kimonos.

Trimmed with satin rib-

(

models. Lined withgrey or) pon, A complete range of |

black satin.
19.60 and 23.00 |

Velours Jackets and blouse |

Coats. Trimmed with silk |

braid.

Twenty-third Street.

  

BAYONNE VAMPS GO ON STRIKE

BECAUSE CITY DELAYED IN MAK-
ING DEMANDED REPAIRS.

 

Firemen Pat Their Engine Out of Business
and Look Up the Firehouse— Nearby
Residents Worry and Officials Try to
Get Them to Return to Thetr Duty.

The volunteer firemen of Americus
Engine Company in Bayonne have gone on

This was said to be aimed at Bishop Pot-
ter, Mr. Munro admitted yesterday that he
wrote it and asked to be allowed to with-

draw the remarks. Another complaint had |
to do with the case of a man sent to the |
Tombs by Magistrate Cornell for a long
term for a crime against little children.
Not long afterward the Magistrate was
asked by the Rev. Albert Bruchlos, pastor
of Hope Chapel, in East Fourth street, to
reconsider the sentence, as the man ha
been guilty merely of intoxication. The
Magistrate promised to took into the matter.
When he investigated the case the next
day and found what the man had been sent |
to jail for he was very indignant and de-
nfanded of Mr. Bruchlos the name of the
man who had sent him to intercede for the
prisoner. Mr. Bruchlos was astonished
when he learned of the real charge, but
said he did not feel at liberty to reveal the |
name of the person who sent him to the
MAPA:

“T do not need to be told who sent you,”
the Magistrate is said to have roplied. “It
is quite apparent to me. The chaplain is |
the man, and he dares not come to me |

rsonally. I know him and I understand |

is methods.”

Mr. Bruchlos was present at the meeting
yesterday to press the complaint against |

r. Munro, he Prison Gate Association |
was organized mainly to find places for |

risoners when released. According to
he last report it had secured employ-
ment for 510 prisoners. Mr. Munro haa re-
signed as a Tombs chaplain, the resigna- |
tion to take effect in February.

RESENTENCE OF PATRICK.
Rice’s Murderer to He Produced in Court
Here Next Wednesday.

On the motion of District Attorney Jerome
Justice avy signed yesterday an order
for the production af Albert T. Patrick

in the Supreme Court, Criminal] Branch,
on December 6 to be resentenced for the

 

 

murder of William Marsh Rice.

Edgar J. Kohler of counsel for Patrick
opr the motion, but Mr. Jerome told
him that he was present only through
courtesy. Mr. Kohler tried to continue
his objections, but Justice Davy said he
would ‘sign the order, as it only called on
the warden of Sing Sing to produce Patrick
in court. When that was done Mr. Kohler
could make his objections,

Patrick's counse] will argue that the
Supreme Court has no jurisdiction and that
the Court of Appeals, which declined on
Tuesday to amend the remittitur in the
Patrick case so as to include constitutional

unds, would have to resentenoe Patrick,
t is understood that the Court of Appeals
press to do this because its action will
reviewed by the United States Supreme

taken by

Court in, proceedin, to be
Patrik uno. -

oR

eRe RINE RS PIEIER INET AN

| strike and are causing Mayor Thomas |

| Brady and the Council a lot of worsying.
; Americus company has always been looked
upon as one of the most enthusiastic and
reliable in the city. Its house is in West

Twenty-second street a little west of Avenue .

in the most thickly populated part of

D,
Several

the city, known as Centreviile.
thousand foreigners live there.
Some time ago the Americus vamps
appealed to the fire committee of the Council
to have some repairs made to their house
and apparatus. They say the house is in
pretty bad condition and that the engine's
boiler is liable to burst at any time. No
repairs were forthcoming, so the company
sent a notice to the Mayor two weeks ago
that unless the repairs were made within
ten days they would quit their jobs as fire-
men, Yesterday the vamps gathered at
Americus house and unanimously voted to

usiness.
They acted promptly. The firemen took
down every piece of harness from the hooks

and locked it up.

end in, which means that the apparatus is
out of commission, Then the vamps tied up

|

|

| last July,

colors.
7.50
Fiderdown Lounging Robes.
3.75 and 5.00

Skirts.
6.50 and 9.50

Twenty-third Street.

 

TEACHER WED BUT DIDN'T TELL.

 

|

|
21.00 and 27.00 Black Cheviot Walking

Miss Douglass and John A. Price Were .

Married Horo tn July
BELLEVILLE, N. J., Nov, 20.—The wedding
of Miss Lillian M. Douglass and John A.
Price, both of Belleville, which occurred

ment was not made until to-day, was the
culmination of an interesting romance
which began a few years ago, when the
bridegroom was chairman of the committee

| on teachers of the Belleville Board of Edu-
' cation and the bride was a teacher in the

| public schools.
| in business at 252 Broadway, Manhattan,
| while Mrs. Price is teaching in the Seventh

| by the Rev. Henry B. Schnert.

|
|

Mr. Price is at present

avenue school, Newark. The marriage
took place in the Washington Square Church,
Manhattan, on July 17, and was performed
Mr. and
Mrs. Price then returned to their respective
homes, where they have been living since.
The bride's parents were informed of the

but of which public announce- |

 

Stern

 

Dressing Sacques « Matinees

COMPREHENSIVE ASSORTMENTS OF SIZES & COLORS, OF
BROCADE, SURAH, TAFFETA & CHINA SILKS, FLANNEL,
ALBATROSS, CASHMERE, CHALLIES & LAWNS,

TO-MORROW, SALE OF
IMPORTED DRESSING SACQUES

Of Flannel,
“ Silks,

el
Misses’ & Children’s Shoes

Special Sale—<(Second Floor)
Dull Kid Tops, Vici Kid Foxed & Tipped Button Shoes,

Welted Soles.

sis 810104, $1.60, 112 1.90, 2405, 2.35

Value $2.00, 2.50 and 3.00 pr.

1'» yd. Lengths,
Dp “ ot
3 “ “

FINE TAPESTRIES, DAMASKS, Etc,
& HANGINGS AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ORIGINAL PRICES,

 

Sd g : See

Clearing Sale of

WEATHERED OAK MISSION FURNITURE
IN ARTS & CRAFTS DESIGNS.

AT REDUCTIONS OF 25 to 331; © BELOW ORIGINAL PRICES,

 

 

 

Brothers

 

 

Upholstery Dep't (7.2)

REMNANT SALE OF TAPESTRIES, 50 In. WIDE
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE,

Rockers, Arm and Side Chairs,

Morris Chairs, goat skin, leather back and seat cushions,

Dining Tables, $17.50, 19.75
Side Boards,

China Closets, 14.75, 19.50
(THIRD FLOOR)

 

Misses’ Storm Coats, of heavy weight rainproef cloth, in oxford,

tan and olive shades, buttoned to neck, 14 & 16 yrs.,
Value $17.50

seem peo ar em Come ee ae em ercee semese comes

{ For Single Beds, Pr. $3.85, 4.75
Blankets ; ‘ Double Beds, ‘© 4,95, 6.25, 7.50
| « Extra Large Beds, ‘* 5.25, 7.45
Comfortables
ol Filled, Fancy Sateen Coveri Single Si Double Si
Bag turns Floral Gioue oan, $3.65, $3.85.

Regular Prices $4.50 and 5.00

Down Filled, Fancy Satin Centres,
Plain Satin Borders, Plain Silk Backs,

 

17.50, 29.75 Desks,

 

lisses’ & Girls’ Apparel
Exceptional Values for Friday and Saturday

Misses’Eton & Long Coat Suits, of Cheviots &
Fancy Mixtures, 14 & 16 yrs., Heretofore $30 to 40,00,

Girls’ Full Length Cloaks, cf red, blue and tan Kersey Cloth,
buttoned to neck, trimmed with braid, nicely tailored, 6 to 16 yrs,
I Value $13.50

Girls’ New Suspender Style Dresses, ef blue, green and
red mixtures, with Guimpe of Imported Poplin,

 

Blankets « Comfortables
Much Below Regular Prices.

 

 

—

at

$3.50, 4.95 ond 5.50
5.50, 7.45 “ 9.50

for 50c, $1.40 & 1.85
if 70c, 1.90 & 2.50
“« 1.00, 2.85 & 3.75

SUITABLE FOR COVERINGS

 

$2.85, 5.00, 8.00
19.75

$8.95, 12.75
7.95, 10.50
4.95, 6.50, 10.50

Settees,

Tables,

 

$19.75, 23.50
12.95

9.45

Value $8.50,

 

$12.50

Regular Price $17.50,

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS, |
~~ Ore 00 eee

 

 

West Twenty-third Street

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS

Di
PARA AH SAAR A SAAR en 8 An ARES

Journeay & Burnham.

Established 65 Years Ago.

THE ONLY EXCLUSIVE DRY GOODS STORE IN BROOKLYN.

 

 

| OUR STORES CLOSED TO-DAY.

TO-MORROW,
Friday, the Cleaning-Up Day of the Week

On Fridays we place on sale at greatly reduced
prices all our short ends of gene broken lines, goods
that were soiled from window display, broken sizes
and such goods as we wish to discontinue.

Se Oe SC eae ra eee

$7.50 FUR NECK PIECBS, $4.75.

Very stylish and durable fur neck pieces, made of sable and cinnamon
opossum, lined with heavy satin. ’

Worth $7.80; just for Friday... ....c seer er sete e ener een enens

ee ec
LADIES’ $12.50 AND $15.00 JACKETS, $4.75.
About 35 ladies’ jackets of fine Kersey Cloth and Cheviot, lined with

Skinner's satin, in tan, brown and black.
Worth from $12.50 to $15.00; just for Friday....... A

LADIES’ $25.00 JACKETS, $8.73,
Ladies’ jackets of fine Kersey and Cheviots, in medium and long lengths,

all lined with heavy satin, Made by men tailors.
Worth $25.00; just for Friday.......... css cette ee eee ee eeennee

LADIES’ $5.00 TO $7.00 HATS, $1 .98,
Choice of about 50 ladies’ street hats, handsomely trimmed with wings,
velvet, braid, &c., many of them sold up to as high as $9.00. We want to
clean them up; just for Friday $1.98

$5.00 UMBRELLAS, $2.98.

Handsome black silk Umbrella, 26 in. paragon frame, steel rod, case

and tassels, handles of aN mount, pearl posts, sterling silver and gilt
trimmings, with gun metal and silver knob, French horn, &c. -

Worth up to $5.00; just for Friday............seeeveeee eee,

REMNANTS OF DRESS GOODS AND SILKS AT HALF,
We shall display on two large tables, to-morrow, all our remnants of
colored and ‘black dress goods and silks and shall sell them, in order to clean
them up, at about half the regular price.

25c, DRESS LININGS, 121.
36 in. mercerized sateen for lining of jackets; also making of petticoats

and drop skirts, fast black and colors.
Worth 25c.; just for Priday........c ccc cee eeerer ever eeneees

LADIES’ $4.00 SHOES, $2.98. _
Ladies’ extra fine shoes, made of high grade vici kid, button and lace
style, made on the fashionable narrow toe model, soles are welted and

stitched by hand, neat heel.
Would be cheap at $4.00; just for Friday

MISSES’ AND CHILDREN’S $2.00 SHOES, 98c,
About 150 pairs of Misses and Children’s shoes, A and B widths only,

fine quality and well made.
Worth $2.00; just for Friday... 1... . sees eect eee eens

WOMEN'S AND MISSES’ 50c. GLOVES, 35c.

A lot of imported white, gray and black wool gloves for women and
misses, regular 50c. quality; just for Friday............seceeeeeeeees 35c

MEN’S 50c. UNDERWEAR, 39c,
A lot of men's fleece lined shirts and drawers, double cuff, considered
Cheap at 50c:; just for Friday... 0.0 ees eee et tees sess vase 39¢

MEN’S 75c. DOMET NIGHTSHIRTS, 39c,
Good, warm, soft tee Domet nightshirts, made in the best possible
manner, full size, felled seams, &c., in handsome colors, all sizes,
VT HEC HEE oe ait O)ion oduooncauan noccuandooueGoUODODs 29¢

TRUNKS AND SATCHELS AT 1-5 OFF.
We offer to the public a discount of (1-5) 20% on our present low prices
of satchels, suitcases and trunks.

 

 

Journeay & Burnham.

Flatbush Avenae—Junction of Fulton Street.

 
  

 

The is
Sterling closed
Building) to-day

But

(Combination)

Playerpiano

is always

 

 

‘WILLS MILLIONS SANS LAWYER

|
|
|

marriage a short time after it took place, |

but they were asked to keep the matter
a secret and did so.

The bride was Riasuaved from the Trenton
State Normal School in 1900, when she
was nineteen years old. In the fall of that
year she

for two years, in which she became aoc-
uainted with Mr. Price. He has four
children, the eldest of whom is seventeen

The tongue of the engine | years old.
| was hauled out and replaced with the front

JOHN P. KELLY IS HOME.

 

other things so that the engine could not be | g» The Sun’ Is Informed Over the Teie-

taken out in case of fire, and filed out and

have the horses fed.

The news that the vamps i
strike quickly apread throughout the dis-
trict and caused much excitement. When
the insurance people heard about it they
took steps to protect themselves. Mayor
Brady was surprised at the action of the fire-
men and said:

“The repairs the firemen aaked for are
under way. Everything possible to hurry
them is be:ng done. ‘he firemen should
have had more pationce. They acted
hastily and foolishly. The repairs are under
direction of the fire committee and I have
aided them all I could.”

Last night the officials were doing their
utmost to get the striking firemen to re-
turn to duty, but the volunteers were still
sore and declared they had no intention of
doing so. Members of other companies
applaud the action of the Americus coin
pany and it may be that some other com-
panies will follow their lead. During the
strike other companies will cover the dis-
trict. The striking firemen, being vol-
unteers, are not said to be liable for aban-,
doning their engine.

Where Smiths Are Pientiful.
Lovisiana, Mo., Nov. 29.—Two Smith
girls were married here last night to two
men named Smith. The bride's are sisters,
Miss Luvenia Smith was married to Robert
R. Smith and Miss Laura Smith to Oscar
Q. Smith, 3 men are not related,
.

petotiiesibahbbciiasica vith 4 ities

CPOE TRAN?
' : )

a

-

| locked the front doors after arranging to |
|

phone by Mr. Kelly Himself.
A man who eaid that he was John P,

had gone on | Kelly, an agent for the Mutual Life Insur-

| ance Company, with a desk in room 625,

|
|

|
|

WALA, Dae Wh oe errr

Mutua] Life Insurance Building, called up
THE Sun yesterday to say that there is no
mystery about Mr, Kelly's prolonged ab-
sence in Europe.

“Lleft for Europe,” he said, “on September
16,on Mutual business, at the order of A. E,
Duncan, superintendent of the foreign
department or the company. I returned
last Monday afternoon. The reason the
company didn’t hear from me is bscause
I expected to_stay only two weeks; so I
didn’t write. Business compelled me to stay
lobger, There is no mystery about it.”

. Kelly said he h no idea who has
been adveriteing for information as to his
whereabouts. He lives at 1 West Ninety-
seventh street. ‘

Fulton Market Schooner Sinks.

Port WASHINGTON, L. I., Nov. 28.—The
auxiliary schooner Mack Conquest, owned
by N.S. Gates of Fulton Market, came in
here yesterday and tied up at the lumber
dock. At low tide to-day she careened
and when the tide rose she remained stuok
on the bottom and became entirely esub-
merged. ded by
Capt. E. F. Wilbur. A tugboat and a der-
rok was sent for and it is the intention to
raise the craft and.send her to City Island,

 

 

ada

s

applied for appointment as |
© on strike and put the company out of | teacher in Belleville and got it. She served

 

eitbedintoah ete eediie. dee ke ont enen ane .
WE ENE Te Satutenwaee NEAT AM HEPA

 

EMANUEL WALTER PUT IN A 50- |

YEAR TRUST CLAUSE.

Charitable Bequests of $80,000, Division |

of 8850,000 Among Relatives and
Large Bequest to the Art Museum of
San Franclaco of Unquestioned Validity.

Emanuel Walter of the firm of D. N.
Walter & Co., carpet manufacturers of San
Francisco, who died on October 24 in Swit-
zerland, made a will on June 10, 1904, at
Frankfort-on-Main, whéch ties up the bulk
of his estate, valued at between $1,500,000
and $2,000,000, for a definite period of fifty
years. The law of this State allows a fund
of this kind to be tied up only during two
lives in being at the time of the testator's
death.

The will, which was offered for probate
here yesterday, was witnessed by the Con-
sul-General of Frankfort, Richard Guenther,

| and was evidently drawn without legal

assistance. The law firm of Kurzman &
Frankenheimer, representing the testator's
two brothers, Moritz Walter of this city and
Isaac Walter of San Francisco, filed it for
probate, The brothers are the executors
and trustees under the will.

Mr. Walter's large collection of paintings
and other works of art the will bequeathed
to the Art Museum of San Francisco, to be
known as the Emanuel Walter Art Col-
lection. A special bequest of $50,000 is also
ret aside for the care and maintenance of
the collection.

There are charitable bequests in the wil\
amounting to $70,000, of which the execu-

Jewish cheritat le institutions in New York
and $25,c00 more in San Francisco. Five
thousand goes to non-sectarian charities
here anda similar amount in San Francisco,
and Dr. Josephine Walter of New York
receives $10,000 to give in charity as she
pleases. The rest cf the charitable fund
oes to the deserving poor of Reckendorf,

varia,

Mr. Walter divided by his will about
$850,000 in sums ranging from $5,000 to

 

|

Jf you like the tab collar yea wear, don’t |

change, w: must hoWewer speak a good
Word for the EKWANOK.

 

 

 

three neices, two nephews and among a
few friends andemrployees. The will directs
that the entire residuary estate shall be |
placed in trust for fifty years, the income |
to be used if necessary for the relief of any
needy relatives. At the end of the half |
century it is toebe split a equally among |
all the testator's then living relatives, |
“down to the sixth degree of kinship.” |
The estate consists largely of valuable |
securities here and in San Francisco. While |
the trust fund provision may not stand, |
this will not invalidate the legal provisions

 

of the will.

GRAND OPERA HOUSE BLAZE,

| Antomatiec Sprinkler Did Good Wark—Fire- |

| tors can divide $25,000 as they floase among |
|

| The automaticeprinkling system, installed
| on the Grand Opera House stage after the

proof Scenery Turned,

| Iroquois fire in Chicago, prevented what

| might have been a bad fire in the theatre
‘early yesterday morning. Watchman
| McAllister was making his rounds when
| he heard a hissing sound, and on the stage
he found water trickling from the sprinkler.
On the left side of the stage he saw a tiny

$100,000 among his relatives, four brothers, tongueyof flame that became larger every

rrp 8 wo
erly Pe 40 a

reesei Aen me rom Le: y
os IM NB te ae OEE bs Noo ie ie IR a a

 

 
  
   

The price !s a popular one. Either cash or monthly payment plan.
Send for Free Illustrated Booklet

te Sterling Piano ¢.

518-520 Fulton Street, cor. Hanover Place, Brooklyn
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.

 

moment. He turned in an alarm. The
firemen arrived quickly, but before the first
apparatus came the fire had spread to a pile
of scenery that was banked on the left side
of the stage. This ecenery was fireproof,
but it burned.

The more fire there was the better the
automatio sprinkler worked. There was a
sheet of water falling from it when the
firemen arrived, Two were rung

od \ i

Te Sterling

fp the master of technique to play by

itself, produced by nearly half a century of
phenomenal success, has brought this musical
“a, triumph into immediate popularity.
‘Tt has opeed a royal road to music, enabling any one to play the
piano without the labor of studyinz finger technique.

 

|

fr Open and

any one

It is practically and to
all appearances a regular
Sterling Upright Piano,
but ready at all times for

hand or for the veriest novice to
play (by means of the Steriing
Music Rolls) any of the world's
music without knowing a note.
Confidence in the Sterling Piano

 

 

 

in, for when the first firemen got to the
theatre it looked serious. The f rinkling
apparatus did such good work, how2ver
that the fire did not epread off the stage,
and the only thing that was really damage
was about one-third of the scenery of “1he
Prodical Son.” This scenery will be Te
placed by to-day. There was no peers
ance last night, but it is expected t rat theme
will be a matinée to-day. The Go
own the house.