THE SBA LEVEL CANAL LATER,

mR. BUNATAY (RILLA'S PLAN FOR
ITS CONSTRUCTION,

Alock Canal to Be Battt Virst, in @neh a
Way That While Shipping Is Actually
tetng Ht Tt May Be Gradually Con-
verted Into a Sea Level Waterway. |

wasnivaton, Nov. 20.-Mr. Philippe |
Bunau Varilla, former Minister of Panama
and one fine chief engineer of the Panama
Canal.t. night delivered an address setting
his own plan for the construction

fort! : Rate
of the canal, which consists in building
first a lock canal in sueh a fashion that |
while shipping is actually already in prog-
pean it ¥ he possible by means of water
excavation ta convert the great ditch grad-
nally into a sea level canal. He said in
part

For the benefit of the present generation
the Pa + Canal must be built as a lock
aah al a hush simmmit level 180 feet above
the sea, because AINOng all the types of lock
cand ~ the one bringing to a climax the

ility of lock canal type—the
eourdiy of execution, on account
n oof the summit eur through

 

the re ett

ie Copddiera to ite minimum, and of the
pubs yofthe diMeult work of deepening
wihar rocess by the easy erection of con-
crete | Chis allowa the opening in four

th the saine labor force and with the
hvity as Was reached by the old
company in 1886, 1887 and 18,
benefit of the next generation and
the Panama high level lock
<t be gradually widened and
lown to sea level by the powerful

 

deepened ¢

and economic method of floating dredges,
by the powerful and economic method of
mechanical rock breaking it order to make |

ft dredgitle, by the powerful and economic |
Lot transporting on water and dump-

meth
ihe the gpoils into the Gamboa Lake, an in-
tenor sea created in the centre of the lathmus
close to the extremity of the high sumuinit
level, for the first necessity of controlling
the Chagres flood and which gives the
mechanical power to all the plant necessary
to obrait vithin twenty years of work, the
Straits of Panama, 500 feet wide at the bottom
instead of 150, 45 feet deep below lowest tides
Instead , bolow mean level.

The necessary tool of the construction

of a heavy canal as the Straits of Panama,

is the tide locked sea level canal

or even
(160 feet wide and 25 feet deep), or even as
alow levellock canal,isan auxiliary canal; just
AS Ar atl railroad is the necessary tool
of a beavy radroad construction; Just as an
auxiliary id is the necessary tool of a
heavy highroad construction

lo obliae to make the sea level canal or
even al level lock canal with railroads

fe Just as absurd as it would be to force the

 

 

construetor of a heavy railroad to limit him-
aelf to employ only carts, just as absurd
as it would be to force the constructor ofa

 

heavy highway to employ only Wheelbarrows, |

Mr. Bunau-Varilla points out the advan-
tages of a plant working on water, which
he believes to be three times more powerful
and economical than a plant on rails, He
bays

In a plant
dredge wil!

 

upon water a single floating
have a theoretical excavating
power of 22,000 cubic yards a day as against
anexcavaling power of 2,000 (0 3,000 in a steam
shovel. A seow will take 750 cuble yards at
once, when a train scarcely can take more
than 100 on account of the necessarily lipht
and bad tracks « which trains must cireu-
late inside of the cut, on tracks constantly
shifted and moved to follow the :

the terraces, on tracks whieh «

nh

 

 

 

   
 

reir

  

ballasted on account of their mobilit on
tracks washed by the heavy rains and main-
tained by a class of workmen infinitely in- |
ferior to those of our climates in intelligence,
{n care, in activity
A plant on water is not disturbed by the
rain, by the invasion of water.in a cut he-
low the water level of the valleys. There is
no derailment neither for the dredging nor |
|

for the transp wf instruments on water
when they ar icessant inside of the eut on
rails. Allinstrumentsof work are independent |
of each other on water, When they depend
on each other ina railroad plant.

Phe sinking of a scow, If it rarely happens, |
does not stop the movement of the others;
the derailment of a train, which is a con-
Yinuous eventuality, stops the circulation
and the works of the enormous quantity of
men and machines, the service of which is
made onthe track obstructed by the derailed
trains.

Another and capital advantage is that the |
very little number of men working ona float- |
ing plant are sheltered from rain and aun,
ere not obliged to the physical exertions
attending drv works.

Such a system is admirably fitted to the
elution of all the ditieulties of the Isthmian
works, as mueh as the railroad plant is un-
fitted for that, and will meet with gradually
increasing diMculties as the depth of the |
eut will The first thing to be done
feto establish water levels all along the Isth-
mous on which dredges may float and dig, on
Which aeows can circulate to go to the dump-
Ine spaces.

The problem being the same, it follows
that if we give to the different levels, neces-
Bary for the works, the depth necessary for |
the elreniation of the ships of the high sea,
Wwe shall have by one stroke reached two
ends, and that the first cuhie yard excavated
by dredge for the establish ment
raits of Panama will be simultaneous
© passage of the first ship sailing from
in the vase of a sea
by a railroad plant

until the last cubic

 

 

increase

floating

  

to ocean, when
excavated

hot happen

canal

 

 

 
 

1 be removed

] propose to establish a aiummit level be- |
tween Chispo and Parnise at 1320 feet level
Re on the Atlantie side an intermediate
evel between Bohoi and Obispo at level
FO the sea level being admitted hetween
olan and Obispo. On the Pacifle side the
fea level would be admitted between Panama
and Miratiores and two intermediate levels
Would ¢ betaween Miraflores and Paraise

If we give a5 feet depth and 150 feet width

Bt the bottom to the continuous water
line and if we unite the different levels by
locks, that is to sav by these water steps
Which aliow ships to pass from one level to
She other, the interoceanic passage will he

 

completed for ocean steamers in the mini-
meand with the minimum of effort,
esame time the conditions for foat- |

ze excavation will be realized

the works so created on the

 

of

 

  

       

¢anal lit vo dams have to be erected across
the Chagres River, one at Bohio raising the
Tiver from the sea level at which it is at low
Flage to an altitude varving between a maxi-
Mur t anda minimum of 50 feet. The
Waters thus raised will form the Bohio Lake

or the first level between Bohio and Ohispo

 

 

  

on the canal line and leave little excavation
to be mace in this section

The system 1 recommend is recognized
Qs entirely satisfactory. The Isthmian Canal
pear iss in the documents presented to
ne consulting hoard, declared that it is
On lively canihte
pal pan i Varilla went on to say that his
Reapers ein this theory is scientific
he the / tie Iy condemned and interred |
Bie he ae. Orke Bt ae Sone Hog, ROaNt
repted Ho wives PARA Ma in eae anor
Bre ai netit svatem) will be adopted and
i a : rh ‘the honor of this great country
Canela he now and not in two or four |
thie iM re Ing the severe lessons of |

spre Master, which is Nature, |
ate Boat syatem is the system which is |
one sO TM 'lipen a lock system prejudice |

JE A sea level prejudice
eeu seleritil stem is the system whieh |
Sis es that the premary quality of the lock |
ta0 i . i fry te securntp, and Which there- |
‘i h : reae n the maximum of this qual- |
unica tthe lock svstem to its maxi- |
Sai los ey With the adoption of the high- |

" iehroally attainable |
es ; ! svste is the system which
lien ‘Thit the primary quality of the aea
Tales ienyy tom, and which therefore
anlar maximum of perfection by |

and; uo t three times the bottom width
The ullplying by one and a half the depth.
Sclentific system is the system whioh

 

 

 

| populat ion,

 

THE BENTZ

ADVERTISING CO.

3-6-7 WEST 20th STREET

A

DVERTISING—all
kinds —prepared—-placed,

We have the facilities, equip-
ment and the desire to furnish
first-class, honest, economical

service. Interview invited.

Telephone, 680 Madison &q.

KF. N. Buve
Strvaar Bewrz

Harry Bewrz
Warren J. Travis

 

after having determined the two {deal features
of the two systems and tho maximum attain-
able for each of them tries to find a practical
way to carry them out,

This way is now known, and unless a Jast
erlme of ignorance ia committed against the
Panama Canal this way will be followed to-
morrow, I[f it Is not it will be day after to-
morrow, and the responsibility for those who
will have recommended its omission is now
clearly defined before the Science and before
the People,

 

That Government Gives Notioe That Trade
Agreement Will End on Maroh 1,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.—The first step

in what may be a tariff war between the

United States and Germany was taken

to-day, when the German Government,

through its embassy here, informed the

State Department that the existing trade

| Agreement will come to an end on March 1,

1906. While it has been known at the State
Department for months that Germany
contemplated this step, tho official notifica-
tion was not made until to-day.

On March 1 seven commercial treaties
between Germany and other European
countries will go into effect. The ad-
vantages to the countries which have these
conventions with Germany over the United
States will be very great. Germany wants
a treaty with the United States and Seo-
retary Root is now holding frequent con-
ferences with Senators witha view to reach-
ing some agreement with them for a new
commercial arrangement with Germany.

ILLITERACY IN THIS COUNTRY.

About 100 tn Every 1,000 Persons Over 18
Years of Age Are Unable to Write.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 29.—A bulletin issued

| by the Census Bureau two-day shows that

about 100 out of every 1,000 persons in the
United States more than 13 years of age
are unable to write. The proportion for
native white population is 46, foreign born
whites 128, and negroes 445 in every 1,000,
In 1890 the illiterates of the United States
numbered 133 per 1,000 for the total popu-
lation; 62 for the native whites, 130 for the

foreign born whites and 568 for negroes, |

Indians and Mongolians.

Illiteracy is mora prevalent among fe-
males than among males in the United
States, the proportions being 112 for females
and 101 for males per 1,000. There has been
a greater gain in literacy among females
than among males since 1890, and in ex-
y lanation of this the bulletin suggests that
boys are less subject to parental control
than girls, more inclined to play truant
from school and are more frequently wage
earners. ; 7

In cities of more than 25,000 inhabitants
the percentage of illiteracy among children
is only 10 per chousand, while in the country
it is SO. lliteracy is much greater in the
South than in the North for all classes of
Curiously enough there are
ewer illiterates among the children of
foreign born parents than among those of
natives, and this is believed to be due to
the fact that most of the former live in
cities.

Cold Wave Is Due.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 29.—The Weather
Bureau issued the following special forecast

at noon to-day:

“The first pronounced cold wave of the
season will extend over the eastern part of
the country to-night and Thursday, with
freezing temperature as far south as in-
teriqr parts of the Gulf and South Atlantic
States.”

 

UPHOLDS CONTRACT WITH UNION.

Court of Appeals Says Agreement to Hire
Only Unton Men Is Binding.

The Court of Appeals has decided that a
contract to employ union men exclusively
is binding upon an employer who is party
to it and enforceable at law. Elder &
Roehr, the lawyers who had charge of the

| union's end of the controversy, were notified

yesterday that their contention had been
sustained. The court expressed no opinion
beyond that contained in a brief memo-
randum.

The Protective Coat Tailors and Pressers’
Union No. 55, of this city, and M. Cohen &
Sons, contracting tailors, entered into an
agreement in August, 1902, which bound
the firm to employ only union men, to pay

a certain scale of wages and fixed the
number of hours of Jabor to be performed

by their employees. It was stipulated that |

the firm should forfeit $200 in the event of a
failure to observe the agreement. Later
on the Cohens hired non-union men. The
union, through its president, Meny Jacobs,

began an action for breach of contract and |

to recover the penalty. Lawyer William
Lieberman, for the defendants, contended
that the contract was against public policy
and in restraint of trade. The union's

lawyers demurred to this defence, and were |

sustained by Justice Garretson of the
Supreme Court, in Brooklyn, before whom
the case was argued,

The Appellate Division reversed the order
of the Special Term by a vote of 3 to 2,
and the case was brought into the Court of
Appeals.

 

The Weather.

The storm was central north of Lake Huron
yesterday, with accompanying high winds and
rain In the lower Lakes and the middle Atlantic
and New England States and snow and high winds
over the upper Lake regions and the upper Mis-
sissippl Valley

It was travelling rapidly northeastward, giving
place to a high pressure area and cold wave from
the Northwest. Zero weather covered parts of
Minnesota and the Dakotas and the mercury was
down to freezing tn the upper Lake regions, the
upper Mississipp! Valley and at all points west
of the. Mississipp! River except the Southwest.
In the Atlantle States and lower Lake regions it
was warmer.

In this city rain fell until early evening; wind,
89 per cent.;

high southwest; average humidity,
barometer, corrected to read to sea level, at 8 A.M,,
20.83; 3 P. M,, 20.61,
The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
ofMcial thermometer, !s shown In the annexed table:
1905, 14 190% 190!
9AM fae 80° 6P.M. 56° 60°
12M 0 ADU Oa atase an?
3PM 62° 48° 12 Mid 47°

 

Highest temperature, 43°, at 4 P.M
WASHINGTON PORECABT FOR TO -DAYAND TO MORROW

For eastern New York and New England, fatrand
decidedli colder ta day; fair colder to marrou
high northwest winds and

For eastern Pennsylivani

and
iles

   

yew Jersey and Dela
colder; falr to-morrow;

ware, fatr and deeldedly
brisk northwest winds

For the Distriet of Columbla, Maryland and
| Virginia, fair and decidedly colder to day; fatr
and continued cold toonorrow; brisk northwest

| winds

or western Pennsylvania, snow and somewhat
colder to-day, falr to-morrow, brisk northwest
winds.

 
  
 

 

 

 

|
|

 

'

'THE SUN,
SQUIERS QUITS CUBAN POST.

ISLE OF PINES AFFAIR LEADS
U. 8. MINISTER TO RESIGN,

 

 

Believed to Have Supported American
Revoiters There Against Poltoy of the
State Department—Also Is Saspected
of Favoring Cuban Annexation.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.—Simultaneous
announcement was made at the State De-
partment to-day that Herbert G. Squiers
of New York, since May, 1902, the Minister
of the United States to Cuba, had tendered
his resignation and that it had been accepte
and that Edwin V. Morgan, also of New
York and until a week ago United States
Minister to Corea, had been designated
as Mr, Squiers's successor.

No official reagon is forthcoming as to
the cause of Mr, Squiers's resignation, and
the news created great surpriss in offloial
circles, as there had been no intimation of
what was about to happen, although it has
been well known in Washington that Mr.
Squiers’s relations with the Cuban Govern-
ment have not been cordial, Mr. Squiers'sa
resignation came, it is’ understood, by
cable and was immediately accepted. Just
when this happened is one of the details
which is officially withheld.

There is Ifttle doubt that the attitude of
Mr. Squiers on the question of the annexa-
tion of Cuba by the United States and oon-
cerning the project of American residents
of the Isle of Pines to make the island a
territory of the United States had a great
deal to do with his resignation, He is
understood to be in favor of both proposi-
tions and recently he gave interviews on
the delicate question conoerning the Isle of
Pines and offered encouragement to the
Americans behind the movement. This, at
least, must have embarrassed the State
Department, being, as evidenced by the
letter to President Raynard of the America
Club of the Isle of Pines from Secretary
Root, which was published to-day, in direct
opposition to the views of the Washington
Government.

The suspicions of the Cuban Govern-

} ment that Mr. Squiers was in favor of the
| annexation,of Cuba were freely passed

around in Washington, but it cannot be
learned that the Cuban Government had
formally complained of the position Mr.
Squiers may have taken. Even if Mr.
Squiers's conduct had been even more
provoking to Cuba it is not likely that a
formal protest would have been made
unless the situation became serious, for
it is considered that Cuba would stand fora
great deal before making a complaint
against an American Minister. Any sort
of an official complaint would almost surely

; mean the withdrawal of the Minister, as it

would obviously be impossible for friendly
relations to continue between the Minister
and the Foreign Office of the country
with which he has to deal.

tumors have come from Havana from
time to time concerning the unpopularity
of Mr. Squiers with the Government there.
Just how virulent a form this ill feeling has
taken is not known, but onthe face of things
it seems to have been sufficiently strong to
make it advisable that Mr. Squiers's mission
there come to an end.

The career of the retiring diplomat is
an interesting one. He entered the service
first in 1804, when he was made second
secretary of the American Embassy in
Berlin. He retained that place for three
years, when he retired for a few months.
He became sefretary of the legation at
Pekin in January, 1898, and went through
the Boxer troubles there. Prior to his
entry into the diplomatic service Mr.
Squiers was in the Regular army. His
knowledge of military affairs gave him
a high position in the defence of the lega-
tions, and he was soon made Chief of Staff
to Sir Claude Macdonald, who was placed
in command. Mrs. Squiers was within
the legation compound during the siege.

One of the interesting details of the
siege was a difficulty involving Lieut.
Newton Hall, then in command of the
marine guard. Lieut. Hall, who was after-
ward brevetted Captain for his gallant
conduct during the siege, asserted that Mrs.
Squiers was responsible for stories re-
flecting on his conduct. Lieut. Hall com-
manded a court of honor to settle the ques-
tion. Gen. Chaffee, when he arrived on
the scene, refused the request, but the
Navy Department took it up later, a court
was convened and Lieut. Hall was ac-
quitted. From China Mr. Squiers went to
Havana as United States Minister. His
salary there is $12,000 a year.

The career of Mr. Morgan is even more
interesting than that of Mr. Squiers and he
haa risen rapidly in the diplomatic service
of the United States. His first service was
secretary to the United States Commis-
sioners to the Samoan Islands in 1899. Fol-
lowing that he was appointed secretary
of the legation at Seoul. He remained
there until March, 1901, when he was ap-
pointed second secretary of the embassy
at St. Petersburg. He returned to this
country from Russia with Mr. Peirce, then
secretary of the embassy at St. Petersburg,
and, who was under appointment to be Third
Assistant Secretary of State. Mr. Morgan
was made Secretary Peirce's confidential
clerk. He retained that position for three
years, and in January, 1904, he was made
consul at Dalny. The war prevented his
going to his post,and while awaiting an op-
portunity to get to Dalny he was made Minis-
ter to Corea.

Until last week he retained this position,
It was then decided by the State Department
to abolish the mission to Corea, in view of
the fact that Japan had taken over all the
diplomatic business of Corea under the
protectorate. Mr. Morgan was recalled and
will come to Washington as soon as possi-
ble after setrling the affairs of his legation.
Mr. Morgan's salary is increased from
$7,500¢0 $12,000 a year. When Mr. Squiers's
resignation will take effect is not divulged,
Possibly he will return to this country
immediately.

DL &W.PAYS1IO0PERCENT. EXTRA
Christmas Present to Stockholders
Pharbe Snow's Pet Line.

The board of managers of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Railroad de-
clared an extra dividend yesterday of 10
per cent., or $5 a share, amounting to §$2,-
620,000, on the $26,000,000 of capital stock.
An extra dividend of 19 per cent. was de-
clared last December,’and one of the man-
agers said yesterday that it might be re-
garded as a Christmas present to the stock-
holders, Tt is understood that the regular
quarterly dividend of 2% per cent. will be
declared on the last Thurscay of December,
as was done last year.

Southern Bell Co. to Magnify ttsetf,

A special meeting of the stockholders of
the Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph
Company has been called for December
18, to vote on a proposition to increase
the capital stock of the company from
$1,000,600 ta $20,000,000. No explanation
of this big increase of capital could be
obtained yesterday, but it is known that

Pell interests have started a large number of
amall telephone companies in the Southern

in

For western New York, snow and colder to-day: { States, and it is probable that they will be

to-morrow fair, except snow flurries along the
Lakes; high northwest winds,

taken over by the Southern Bell Telephone
and Telegraph Company.

  

|
|
|

 

 

——— samen es wie gt

September 27, 1905.
disappearance.

ton University.

Height 5 feet 10

discovery.

New York.

ee 1 ose

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1908..

PERCY KUTTROFP, whose photograph appears
above, disappeared from his home in New York City on
He was last seen that day in the
Grand Central Station, and no reason is known for his
He is 19 years old, a student in Prince-

inches;
about 140 pounds; light complexion; hair dark blond,
parted on side; dark blue eyes; smooth face; good teeth,
rather large in front; prominent nose; mouth rather
large; ears good sized and close to head; when he disap-
peared was probably dressed in light gray suit, dark
gray cravenette rain coat, black derby hat; Rogers, Peet
& Co. trade mark on clothing; he carried leather suit case
marked “'P. K., N. Y.,’’ containing new black cheviot
sack suit; carried open-faced silver watch, with silver
chain or black silk guard, with fob containing red stone.

$5,000.00 REWARD for his return to his father.

A liberal reward for any information leading to his

CARDOZO & NATHAN, Attorneys,

 

stocky build; weight

128 Broadway,

repre,

AXE RAID ENDS IN SMOKE,
ARSON GHARGH, FERT APS, FOR
40 POOLROOM PRISONERS,

Panic Among Sweatshop Workers When
Black Cloud Rolled Ont Into Halls
and Cops Swarmed tn Bullding —Uen-
zine Set Ablaze in Galvanized Tub.

Forty men were locked up in the Mercer

|

| National

street station house late yestesday after- .

noon, charged with running a poolroom
at 23 Fast Eighth street. When the forty
are arraigned in court this morning it is
likely that an additional charge of at-
tempted arson will be preferred against
each.

OUR GOLD GOES TO MEXICO.

An Unusual Current of Trade Due to the
Steep Price of Silver,

The $750,000 in gold whieh the Fourth
Bank withdrew from the Sub-
Treasury on Tuesday for export was sent
to Mexico, The exportation of gold to
Mexico is so unusual that the transaction
attracted consideralle attention in Wall
Street yesterday. The movement is due
to the high price of silver, which has risen
to such a point that Mexiean bankers find
it profitable to sell siiver coins and import
gold in payment the sum = re-
ferred to, nearly $1,000,000 more in gold has
been to by another foreign
exchange interest, and the movement

Besides

sent Mexico

    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

 

mens.

RECOUNT BALLOTS NOT VOTES?

MR. DELANY TO SEEK AMEND-
MENT OF THE AMEND ORDER.

 

 

Proposes Recanvass of the Vote Only if
the Namber of Ballote in the Boxes Is
Wrong—Canvass Practically Over,
With Little Change Either Way.

Corporation Counsel Delaney got back
to town yesterday with an opinion that
the law under the Stiles decision, allows
a recount of the ballota in the five boxes
ordered to be opened to-day, but not neces-
Rarily a recount of the votes. The order
signed by Justice Amend on ‘Tuesday,
provided for a canvasa of the votes in these
boxes by the inspectors, but at 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, the Corporation Coun-
sel, who appears for the inspectors, served
notice on the Hearst lawyers that he would
move before Justice Amend to-morrow
morning for a resettlement of the order.
The proposed amendment to the order
provides that when the boxes are opened
the first thing that shall be done shall be
to recount the number of ballots to be
accounted for upon the basis determined
by the inspectors at the commencement
of the canvass, and only in the event of
its being found that the number of ballots
in the boxes does not equal either the
number stated in the last column of the
tally sheet, under the column headed “total

number of votes actually voted,” or thé |

ballot clerks’ returns shall there be any
recount of the votes.

Notice was also given that the Corporation
Counsel would move to exclude the “void”
and “protested” ballots from the proceed-
ings. The order signed on Tuesday pro-
vided that these be gone over just as they
were on election day.

The move yesterday was a com, lete sur- |

yrise to the Hearst people. In view of the
Mayor's announcement that no appeal would
be taken by his counsel they were calcu-
lating on no further opposition, Mr. De-
lany had a long talk with the Mayor yester-

' day upon his return to town, and it was
| after this talk that the notice of the motion

is |

) likely to last as long as tho present high |

The alleged poolroom is up two flights

of stairs in a five story building. On the
ground floor is a saloon and on the first
floor is a sweatshop.
also, are sweatshops. Twenty girls are
employed on each of the two upper floors.

Capt. Hodgins of the Mercer street sta-
tion heard that the poolroom was running
yesterday and he passed his information
along to Inspector Hogan. Hodgins was
buey at Police Headquarters when two of
his plain clothes men Brown and Hanshaw,
accompanied by Hozan and several mom-
bers of his staff, made ready to raid

They rushed the pooiroom door, but it
was a stout one and it would not give way.
Then an axe was used. ‘This took time
and while the police were trying to get
in there was the greatest confusion among
the men on the other side of the door.
were yelling to get out.

The raiders could not understand
rumpus until the door was forced open,
Then they saw the place was filled with
smoke and the men were all coughing and
sputtering.

The cops drove the men back into the
room and investigated. Near a wooden
partition in the large room they found a
galvanized tub, three feet high and about
three feet in diameter. There was a raging
fire in this and a strong odor of benzine
and kerosene. The flames from the tub
had set fire to the partition, and a heavy
black smoke filled the room to suffocation

When the door was forced open the
smoke escaped into the hall and to the
upper floors of the building. The women
at work in the aweatshops above emelled
it and in a moment they were in a panic.
They rushed downstairs, but the cops
met them and drove them back, ‘telling
them that the fire did not amount to any-
thing. By that time several pails of water
had been thrown on the partition. The

fire in the galvanized tub burned itself
out.
It took the raiders some time to quiet

the sweatshop workers in the building,
who could not understand what had hap-
pened and why so many policemen were
on the spot. The forty prisoners were
kept huddled together in the smoke laden
room until patrol] wagons arrived from
the Mercer, Charles and Mulberry street
olice stations. Then they were bundled
nto the wagonr. They all thought it was
a great joke after the first excitement was
over, but when they were informed that
an additional charge of attempted arson
might be preferred against them the raid
did not appear so humorous in their eyes.
Two empty benzine bottles and an empty
kerosene can were found in the place.
The police think that as soon as the man-
agers of the poolroom realized they were

being raided they dumped the racing sheets |

and other evidence of a poolroom into the
tub and poured the benzine and kerosene
in and set them on fire. Whatever was in
the tub was destroyed before the police
got in.

The raiders took possession of the tub,
which was evidently made for the purpose
for which it was used. They also got a
telephone. There is little or no evidence
against the prisoners to hold them on the
poolroom charge.

THE PRESIDENT'S TURKEY,

Sent by Horace Vose of Rhode Psland and
Weighs 31 Pounds,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.—The [turkey that
will grace President Roosevelt's dinner
table on Thanksgiving evening waa re-
ceived at the White House to-day.
from Horace Vose of Westerly, R. I., who
has been well and favorably known to

the |

The two upper floors, |

price of silver lasts

Mexico has adopted a curreney
system and thie has put an
export duty on the new coins, but there is
nothing to prevent the cld coins from being

new
Government

| exported when the price of silver makes
them worth more as bullion than as eoin, |

lhey }

It came

Presidents of the United States since the |

days of Grant. This year's turkey weighs
thirty-one pounds, which is a few pounds
lighter than some of the turkeys Mr. Vose
has donated for White House Thanksgiving
feasts, but it is supposed to be of extra fine
quality.

The President will sit down to his Thanks-
giving dinner at the usual hour, 8 o'clock,
Only members of the family will be present,
Mr. Roosevelt will probably go out horse-
back riding in the afternoon, and he will
transact no public business unless some
emergency should arise,

Nearly all the members of the Cabinet
will spend Thanksgiving at their homes
in Washington. Secretary of the Navy
Bonaparte will spend the day in bella
Vista, his country place near Baltimore.

Standard Ol Testimony Taking Put Off.

Henry Wollman, the local counsel for |

Attorney-General Hadley in the case of the

State of Missouri against the Standard Oil |
Company, said yesterday that the taking |

of testimony before Commissioner Sanborn
es Broadway had been postpened from
cember 4 until January 5.

|

The silver coinage of the Philippines would
quickly Jeave those islands under the
present high price of silver if there were
not a heavy export duty. One of the chief
causes for the present high price of silver
is the enormous demand of the Russian
Government for silver to pay for the move-
ment of its armies. Commercial bar silver
was quoted yesterday at 65% cents an
ounce and Mexican dellars at 50% cents,

This is the highest price for bars for nearly |

ten years.

There has been a heavy demand upon
the Sub-Treasury during the tpast week
for new silver coins for the holiday trade.

BUSINESS TROUBLES,
Sanitarium Company tn Bankruptey
Are 14 Chinamen.
in bankruptey
against the American Company of
Broadway, which engnaced in operating
eanitariums and health resorts and furnish-

So
A petition has been filed
Resort

is

ing treatment, lodging, fool and supplies
tO patients The petitioning creditors are
Charles F. Page of White Plains, $525 for
services as secretary, W.S. Watson of New
York, $698 for services as medical director
at Take Mahopac, and Mr. T. Jenkins of
Staten Island, $218 for oMece rent and ser-
vices of a stenographer It was alleged

that the company is insolvent and on No-
vember 27 transferred all its real and per-
sonal property to DeWitt Smith, a ereditor
to prefer him, The company was eapitalized
at $1,000,000, Dr. William T. Jenkins, formerly
Health Commissioner, became president
and Francia S. Turner vice-president. It
was stated in the papers flled yesterday that
the company bought 463 West Thirty-second
street on July 5, 1904, for $39,000 and sold it

soon after for $25,000 to the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, retaining the building,
[t was alleged that the purchase and sale

were made for speculative purposes

A petitiqn {n bankruptey has been filed
against the firmof Wo Tai Kee& Co., ecom-
posed of these fourteen Chinamen Long
Yum Hin, Long Jung, Wong Kum, Qu
Ying, Lon Gun, Chon Jit, Fung Jam
Loe k Coon, Tong Ving, Long Sing, Long
Kim, Long Chun, Lai Wing and Fung Yuen,

 

 

 

dealers in) general Chinese merchandise at
14 Pell street The petitioning creditors
are Sov Gin Cheong & Co. of Hong Kong,
represented here by Leung Sing of 19 Vell
street Their claim is tor 810,548 for mer-
chandise Hidge Holt of the United States
Jistriet Court has appointed \. Gordon
Murray reeeiver of the ets

A creditors’ petition in bankruptey has been
flled against David Levy, doing business
as Levy Bros., wholesale elothing dealers at
65 and 57 West Third street Linb lies are
reported to be $30.0 and the assets $14,000

Morton Bh. 4 ' who did as
the Monarch €oal pany at 42 Broadway,
has filed a petition in bankruptey with liabili-
ties $19,897

business

   
   

 

dustice Giegerich of the Supreme Court
has appointed John A. Wrede recetver of
the property of the Waldorf Stable Com-
pany, at 10+ and 108% West biftyv-fourth street
and 108 and 10) West Fiftw-third street, Belle
Reilly is president

Deputy Sheriff Rinn has received an attach-
ment for $15,003 against Thomas ©, Dunean,
president and treasurer of the Union Cotton
Milts of Union, 8S. ©., in favor of 1), A, Davis
on three notes

|

   
    
      
  
    
     

IF YOU ARE THANKFUL TO-DAY

WILT YOU NOt HELP TO MAKE
HERS THANKEPUL ERY DAY
IS WINTER? BSE VEEN NOW AND
SIER WE SHALL HAVE TO AID
LEAST 20,000 CHILDREN AND
RENTESIN TEVPORARY DISTRESS.
1,000 ES NEG DD, BY WORKING
ROUGH A. 1. ©, P. YOU CAN BE
SLPING HOME APPFER HOME, IN
"REET AFTER SPEREET, DAY IN
‘D> DAV COUT, SUVMWER AND Wis.
UR, WHEREVER WISERY AND Ds.
\ GUMENT AKL. DUR TO IM.
( HE CONDISIONS. CAN VOU,
ALONE, JAKE yOouUR
ND YOUR INTLEEST ho
ATC.) PO MAS NO PREVE
tEVENTS, IS NEVER TLE
AC ATION, VE Is
Ww He ‘
’

7

 
   

S>peidS
eaypre

*
z

=
=

i*sper
4

—

       
 

   

 
 

   

trep » ‘
MAY SPARE, t
NEED. Uhts vi
A. Mt Tt, WEDNGE
DAY IN THE YEAR,
LET US TELE YOu HOW mMUCH
HAPPINESS VOURSHARE CAN GIVE
50c., £2, 35, SEO, $25, 850, S200, 48,000,
MATL GIFTS OR TINOULRIES To

ROBERT SHAW MINTURN,
Treasurer, LOS East 22d Street,
N. Y. ASSOCEATION FOR IMPROVING
THE CONDITION OF THE POOR.
1843. 1005.

cry

 
 

-—-
-

ss

~—

 
 

 
     
   
   
   
     
  

  

     

 

was served, It is said to be the intention to
appeal if the decision to-day is adverse, —
The ground upon which the Corporation
Counsel will ask for a new order in the case
is that in the Stiles case, which was cited
as a precedent, there was such a resettle-
ment, and that in that case the order which
was finally made provided for a recount
only of the number of ballots, Assistant
Corporation Counse] Butts makes attidavit
that he did not know of this resettlement
in the Stiles case when he agreed to the
order signed on Tuesday. The Stiles case
was before the courts in 1902, An order
was asked for to open certain ballot boxes
in Mount Vernon in the Fiske-Brush con-
test for Mayor. The box w
there was no recanvass of the vote, Judge
Parker admitted on Monday that this case
was a precedent for the Hearst motion.
He wade no reference in his argument to
the final order in the Stiles case limiting
the matter to a simple recount of the num-
ber of ballots, which isn’t what the Hearst
people want at all. ’
‘The reply to be made to the Corporation
Counsel's motion, Mr, Shearn said yester-

 

day, was that the tally sheet in the Stiles |

case did not show the mistakes shown in
the present proceedings, such as the omis-
sion of tally marks and totals. The Hearst
lawyers have made out a list of 427 tally

sheets in twenty-six districts, upon which |

they were to have asked to-morrow for
orders to open the boxes. The list made
out alleged that the sheets in all but two
distriets of the Eighteenth had the same
irregularities; in the Fourteenth, sixteen

‘out of twenty-five; in the Eighth, twelve

out of fifteen; in the First, eleven out of
fourteen, and in the Second and Third,
all the sheets, The Hearst lawyers an-
nounced that no matter what happened
before Justice Amend they would move
before Justice Giegerich to-morrow morning
for orders opening ballot boxes in order to
deterinine whether the “void” and “pro-
tested” ballots had been included in the
count,

The canvass of the vote from the face
of the returns in Manhattan and The Bronx
was completed last night. It was finished

| several days ago in the other boroughs.

Lee, |

The accountants who have been. taking
down the figures in this borough have,
under orders from Chairman Doull, made
no totals yet. The Hearst people say
that their accountants make out McClel-
lan's plurality as canvassed 3,749.

The examination of the “void” and “pro-
tested” ballots was finished last night before
Justice Giegerich. The McClellan law-
vors said that it had been about an even
break between McClellan and Hearst, while
the Hearst lawyers said that thev believed
Hearst had a net gain over McClellan of
over 190. Neither side can tell much about
it until it has been determined how many
of the ballots returned as “protested” were
included in the count. Arguments on the
matter are to be heard to-morrow morn-
ing before Justice Giegerich. About 8,000
ballots were examined in the ten days.

In pursuance of an order of the Court
the ballot box in the Sixty-sixth Election
district of the Twenty-first Assembly dis-
trict was opened at the Roard of Elections
last night by representatives of the County
Clerk. In it was found the missing en-
velope containing the “void” and “pro-
tested” ballots in that district which the
inspectors through ignorance had put into
the ballot box. The envelope was onened
before Justice Giecerich. It contained nine
protested ballots, most of them Jerome
allots.

Milan Indicted for Buying ai Vote.

Fdward J. Milan, a Myrtle avenue saloon
keeper, was indioted yesterday in Brooklyn
for bribing a voter, and was rearrested ona
bench warrant. Justice Dickey of the
Supreme Court, before whom he was ar-
raigned, held him in $5,000 bail, which was
furnished.

GALLERY SONG AND DANCE.

Streete Swept With Cops’ Uniforms From
Theatre to Station blouse,

John Casey and Samuel Clark, two negroes

went to the gallery of Miner's Eighth

Avenue Theatre last night and nearly

broke up the show, by nL ina little |
t

rong and dance performance of their own
They had a goodly supply of Seventh
avenue gin before visiting the theatre.

John Sheehan, the special cop, tried to
keep them quiet, but they threatened to
throw him over the railing. He called in
Roundsman Quinn of the West Twentieth
street station, who, before he got through,
had to summon four other cops.

The negroes were eventually landed in
cells, but the cops were a sorry sight when
it was all over. The streets from tha
theatre to the station house wera fairiy
well cleaned with their uniforms, ;

LAWSON TO PAY BAY STATE GAS,

Reoectver Pepper to Collect $350,000 and

End Lot of Litigation.

Roston, Nov. 20.—A settlement has heen
reached in the casefof Receiver Pepper of
the Bay State Gas Company against Wroning

\
under which the receiver will collect $850,000
in cash.

Lawson, Weidenfeld & Co. admit that
when Receiver Pepper came into office
they had about $275,000 belonging to the
Bay State Gas, Company, but claimed offsets
therevo. In the settlement the original
amount of about $275,000 with interest
allowed and all the suits and counter suits
are dropped.

is

Coast Defence Squadron Ready for Work.
CHARLESTON, S. C., Nov. 28.—Rear Ad-
mitral Dickens's coast defenee squadron,

composed of the battleship Texas and the |

monitors Arkaiusas, Florida and Nevada,
arrived at this port this morning from Nor-

folk to make headquarters for winter
mancuvres and coast observations. Onthe
voyage down the coast some important

soundings were taken. From Cape Look-
out to Charleston there was a trial of speed
between the monitors, the Nevada provin
fastdst. Next week 6ix torpedo boats will
join the squadron. 4 ~

'

s opened but |

Se

; mo ferate prices

 

|
|

|

|

 

} Genuine relipgt

| be
| Christ he must give attentic

Lawson and Lawson, Weidenfeld & Co., |

 

    
   

 

Baking Powder

 
  

Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.

    
  
 

   

 

Gifts May Be
Selected Now

made upon anv day

and delivery will he
you may designate.

A Desk of
Mahogany
of a
have

    

never fails
welcome Wea
many teautiful
amples at

Schmitt Brothers,

Furniture Makers 40 East 23d.

Fstablished isos

 

 

   

 
     

WEHJAckson COMPANY

Union SqNorth~ 294.17 # St:

 

 

THE STANDARD COLOGNE
OF AMERICA

| Casweli, Massey & Co.’s.

NO. 6 COLOGNE

In Wicker Covered Bottles for

XMAS GIFTS

{TY REVIVAL.

 

FAGAN SPEAKS

Jersey City Mayor Promises His Ald to
Chapman and His Band.

Mayor Mark M. Fagan of Jersey City
made a short address yesterday morning

; at a “Good Cheer” meeting conducted by

the Rey. J. Wilbur Chapman, the evangelist
at the Parmlv Memomal Raptist Churoh
in Grove street, that city He welcomed
the revivalists as Chief Magistrate of the
city and added

“Tar glad to work with you and aid in
any way | can any mnovement which aims
to help the citizens of Jersey City. You

seek to bring about a great religious re-
vival here. [ know of no greater good
that could be accomplished in New Jersey.

 

not

n only seeks to fit us
for the life beyond but also helps us lead
a better life | on earth. If one would
a good citizen and a true follower of
to hits
and moral We eannet be good citi-
zens unless we are good Christians.”

   

 

AR RAT Ds LO
Always Ready
Always Ke

     

ae 12 WAFER BLADES.
24 SHAKP EDGES,

# ASTHIN AS PAPER,
Bp th Aitt) AS FLINT, fi
pay TOLGH AND fae
y FLEXIBLE

  
     
 
   
    
 
  
  

to Adjust,

Nothing to Learn.
SIMPLY SHAVE

THE BEST GIFT TO MAN

   
      

 
   

Father. Husband, Son, Brother ot
over, A balm to the tender face, No
Wiry beard can stand before it, |Sald

Ling tlery and lardware stores

    
  

    

in gents’

dealers

   

DH tis fine tollet
Ask to see them, and for booklet,

4,
4 rye SALES COMPANY,

    
     
 
  
   

 
   
 
 

forty ycars been
‘inked with the finest
meat extract the world
produces—the genuine

LIEBIG COMPANY’S

  

 
 
 
 

 
 

i the most concentrated form
, Of beef goodness,

   

 
 

ws Dat ath ont

as ad

Paine