‘|
j

qi

!

|

f

   
  

 
  

T0 BUROPE APTER HAMILTON,

YOUNG M'OALL TO BRING HIM
BACK IF POSSIBLE.

 

Tells the Committees Go—Falling That He'll
Try to Got Him to Make an Acoounting
—MeCleltiand Can't Remembor About
Vouchers Marked ‘Water Account,”

John C. MoCnll, secretary of the New
\York Life and a aon of the president, will
eall for Europe on Saturday to urge Judge
Andy Hamilton to return to this country
and appear as a witnoss before the Arm-
strong insurance committee,

This announcement was made by tho

|
|

|

|

younger Mr. MoCall at. yesterday's hearing |

of the, committes.

Mr. McCall sald that his father had en-
trusted him with this mission. It ts under-
stood, however, that the New York Life's
board of trustees demanded that some-
thing be done to get Hamilton»baok to this
eountry.

The secrmetary assured the committee
that he wold do everyhing in his power
to get Mr. lfamilton to return, and in the
event of hia f\ilure to do so would endeavor
to get a statement from him accounting for
the hundreds af thousands of dollars which
have been pald to him by the management
of the New York Life on no other vouchers
than his person) receipts.

Mr. Hughes, counsel for the committee,
was partioularly emphatio in regard to this
matter of an acoounting and he asked that
Becretary McCall get authority to produce
the Judge’s bank and check booka and
other records, if nécessary.

Ex-Senator Charles P. MoClelland of
Dobbs Ferry; who is at present a United
States general agypralser, was the ohlef
witness at yasterday’s hearing. Mr, Mo-
Clelland came before the committee to ex-
plain certain paynwnts which were made
to him by the Mutual Life and also his re-
lations with Andrew C. Fields, the Mutual's
legislative agent.

Mr. McClelland said sthat he had beana
member of the New York bar for twenty-
five years. He served first in the Legisla-
ture in 1885. He was an Assmeblyman
then and served on the instirance committee
@f that body. From 1888 to 1930 he was
chief deputy collector at the Port of New
York and in 189! he was elected to the State
Senate. He served only one term and was
chairman of the Senate insurance com-
mittes, Hewaa melected in 1903 and re-
signed before his term had expired.

The witness said that he had known Mr.
Fields for a gcod many years, [n years
gone by Fields was very active in politics
{n Westchester county, but hadn't done
much since he “went wrong” in 1896. Flelds
in that year, te ex-Senator explained,
became a Republican. Mr. McClelland
thought that Fields might have contributed
to the expenses of his cainpaign for the
Senate in 189),

Mr. McClelland deciured that when he
was made chairman of the Senate insur-
ance cominittee in 1883
view with Mr. Fields in regard to it.
didn’t want to be chairman, but he didn’t
seem to be able to get away from it.

he had no inter- |
Ho |

 

| dricks about the Mutual Reserve in a recent

 

Mr. McClelland had no knowledge that |
Fields was active in seouring appoint- |

ments to the insurance committees of the
Legislature. He had often talked with
Fields about insurance matters:in a general
way. .

. The witness first knew that Fields repre-
eented the Mutual Life at Albany some
time before the year 1890. He didn’t know
exactly what Fields was doing at Albany.
He thought that he was at the Capitol
watching out fortheinterests of the Mutual

Life just as other men were there watch- ;

ing out for the interests of New York city
as representatives of the Corporation
Counsel. ;

“Isn't it a fact that Fields very rarely:
apneared at the Capitol?” asked Mr. Hughes,

*“Taat is true,” replied the witness,

“fen't it also true that be never did any
work openly?”

“Yes.”

“Then what
doing?”

“Of course it was
but I supposed he was
company what antagonistic
Was being considered.”

When ofr. McClelland was asked to ex-
plain how he had happened to go to live in
the Mutual's Albany house of mirth with
Fields he said:

“Between the election of 1902 and the
organization of the Legislature in 1003 I
had a conversation with Mr. Fields about

did you suppose he was
mere prestimption,
reporting to his

| of what has been done already, as well as of

legislation |

oing to Albany and getting quarters for ,

the session. [le told me there was a little
room in his house if | was willing to take it.
This interview was at the Dobbs Ferry
Athletic Club. [T took the reom and oec-

cupied it three days a week. ‘The accommo- |

dations I got there |
than six mea's a week would have cost no
more than $10a week, When I was leaving
the honse I offered to pay Mr. Fields, and he
laughed at me. All toid $160 would have
setiled for everything.”

Mr. MecCleliand denied that he had ever
talked with Mr. Fields about any pending
ing irance legislation while he was jn the
house. MeClelland said that Fields instead
of urging him to take the nomination for
the Senate in 1902 begewed him as a friend
not to accept. Tlowever, Fields contrib-
uted $1,500 to
penses after he saw McClelland was bound
to run. ‘

Q. Did vou know that 1,400 came from the

futnal Tile? A. Not to my kuowledge,

In all the time that MeClelitind lived in
the house of mirth he never saw any drink-
ing, card playing or carousing of any kind
goivg on there.

“It was,”
all of Albany. Fields has always been a
man of most exemplary habits and he
wouldn't have drinking around any house
of which he had charge.”

In the period between his 1803. and 1903
terms in the Senate MeClelland was under
a retainer of $3,000 a,year from the Mutual
Life. He was supposed to perform any

rofessional service that he was called upon
ts rform. Most of the payments made to
McClelland were in cash. The witness
denied that he had ever received any money
from the Mutual Life while he was in the
Senate. While he was under retainer
he was, he said, often called into consul-
tation by Fields and K. L. Short, the com-
pany'’s general solicitor, He
among other things that he was consulted
about pending bills in the Legislature;
in fact, his personal services to the company
related chiefly to matters of legislation.
But he wanted it understood that his
services werm confined to counselling and
advising. Mr. Mctlelland could remember

none of the details in the matters for which |

he received payment from the Mutual.

Mr. Hughes asked the witness whether |

the Equitable

he had ever been ems loyed b
McClelland

Life Assurance Society. Mr.
eaid he hadn't.

“Never employed by the Equitable?”
repeated Mr. Hughes with a surprised look.

Never, nor by any other insurance com-
pany,” was the witness's reply.

Mr, Hughes showed the witness a voucher,
It wasa receipt acknowledging the payment
of $8,500 by the Equitable Life Assurance
Society on May 2, i898, and was signed by
Charles P. McClelland. The receipt was
written on a letter head of the law firm of
Townsend & McClelland. On one corner
of the voucher were written the words
“water account.” A blue stamp indicated
that the payment had been made in cash.

The witness declared that the voucher
didn’t recall a thing to his mind, that he
couldn’t tc!] what the words “water account”
meant. le admitted that the receipt was
in his own handwriting

Mr. Hughes read off the names of two other

rsons who had received paymonts from
the Equitable on this “water account,” but
Mr. McClelland was able to recall nothing
about it.
Myr, Mocleifnd was questioned about
Mutual vouchers that were signed by Louis

did not take more |

testified |

bis friend's’ campaign ex- |

said he, “the quietest house in |

|

 

|
|
|
|
|

|
|

 

 

—OP—

The Jewish Hospital

“Seldom has @ worthy Oharity euob an
auspicious opening."—Brooklyn Fagte,

“Opening brilliant, * °* ° decorations
gorgeous, © * * electrio display simply |
magnifoent."—Brookiyn Times,

"The Fair beyond all doubt ta greatest of
the kind ever held in Hrooklyn,"—Standard-

Union

“One of the finest and prettiest sights Imag-
inable,"—-Cttizen,

Grand Charity Fale
Do Not Miss the Sight

 

of a Generation,

Heyward St, and Marcy Avo., Hrooklys.

po

 

F. Murray, a lawyer of Dobbe Ferry. Mr.
Pi ahen elfcited the fact that Murray was
formerly a clerk in the law Ore of ‘Townsend
& MoClelland. Mr. McClelland testified
that he had never requested Murray to
sign any voucber and he knew of no ser-
viogs that had been rendered by him to
the Mutual. Murray was city counsel to
Dobbs Ferry and the town of Hastings.
Proceas servers of the investigating com-
mittee have been unable to locate him
and he has been dropped as counsel by both
places because of his failure to appear at
mectings. Mr, McClelland testified that
he had no knowledge of Murray’s where-
abouts.

Other vouchers were aigned by John E.

47th Regiment Armory

| Ash. MoClelland testified that he was a man

who bung around Albany and that he had
done some typewriting for McClelland.
McClelland knew nothing of the payments.

Willard G. King, vice-president of the
New York Trust Com any, presented to
the committee a list of notes which Andy
Hamilton had discounted at the New
York Security and Trust Company, The
notes date back to 18f4.. There were twenty
of them, ranging in amount from §1,000 to
615,000. They foot up to $118,600, Nearly
all of the notes were indorsed by John A,
McCall.

George D. Eldridge, vice-president of
the Mutual Reserve, complained to the com-
mittee of statements made by Supt. Hen-

report. Mr. Eldridge said that the State
Superintendent had acoused the Mutual
Reserve of having apobeG a policy of delay
in the settlement of all ite claims. This he
declared was utterly untrue.

The Mutual Reserve, it was shown; has
been debarred from doling business in |
Minnesota, Wisconsin, Massachusetts, Mli- |
nois and restrictions have been put

SS ee

{ts business in other States. Mr. Eldridge
testified that the company’s license had
been revoked in some of the States because
the company had refused to allow the
insurance departments of those States to
make special examinations, In Mr. El-
dridge’sa opinion the protesting States ought
to have accepted tlie report of the New York
State Insurance Department.

The inquiry was adjourned until next
Monday.

DON'T LET POLICINS LAPSE.

That's Chairman Armstrong's Advioe to
Investors In All Compantes.

Senator Armstrong, chairman of the State
Insurance Investigating Committee, at the
close of yesterday’s hearing Issued this
statement:

J am asked for a brief message to policy-
holders on the eve of our adjournment for
the month, and am glad to make this sug-
gestion: Do not allow your policies to lapse
on account of anvthing revealed by this in-
vestigation, Polleyholders are in a better
position now than before the Investigation’
began, and their position ought to improve
steadily as our inquiry proceeds.

The legislation we shall recommend will
undoubtedly safeguard and strengthen the
rights of policy holders; but those who suffer
their policies to lapse will lose the benefit

what we hope to accomplish. No such sacri- |
fice ought to be made by polieyholders, and
patience and courage for a short time yet |
will not only prevent loss but Wil enable this |
committee to render the best service to the
greatest number,

NEW EQUITABLE DIRECTORS.

Van Horne, Redfield and John D. Kernan
Flected Yesterday,

The report made by expert accountants
to President Morton of the Equitable was |!
read at a meeting of the board of directors
yesterday. Among other things it shows
that the real estate valuations as of Sep-
tember 80, 1905, were $479,517 less than the
valuations made by the State Insurance
Depariinent on June 60 last, and that the
cash on hand is $1,012,031 less thaa the
amount named in the Hendricks repoft.

Announcement was made at the meet-
ing that the agents’ balances, amounting |
to more than $1,000,000, which heretofors
have been carried by the Equitable’s vari-
ous subsidiary trust companies, have been
taken over by the society.

The following wers elected directors in
accordance with the recommendations made
by the trustees of the Ryan majority stock;
Sir William C. Van Horne of Montreal,
William C, Redfield of Brooklyn and John
D. Kernan of Utica,

 

Equitable Not Held for Agents’ Rebating,

FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 20.—The Kentucky
Court of Appeals to-day, in reversing the
fine againat the Equitable Life Assurance
Society, held that a company could not be
held liable for acts of its agents for rebating
where it had no knowledge of such re-
bating.

ON TRAIL OF POTTER ROBBERS,
Chicago Raid May Lead to Clearing Up of
Diamond Theft of Five Years Ago.

Cuicaqo, Nov. 29.—In a raid on an alleged
“fence” at 12 Jackson place, in which
property estimated by the police at a value
of $25,000 was seized, detectives con-
nected with Chief of Pollos Collins's office
to-day arrested five persons, two of them
women, Through the arrest of one of
the prisoners Chief of Police Collins thinks
he will secure evidence which will clear
up the mysterious theft of d&monds from
the home of Orrin W. Potter in Lake Shore
Drive, five years ago.

‘The raid of to-day was the largest made
by the police in years, and only after a
pistol fight were all the inmates placed
under arrest. The principal man captured,
according to Chiei Collins, is Frank J.
Brown, an ex-convict, and said by the
police to be one of the most expert porch
climbers in the country. Chief Collins
raid after questioning Brown that he is
positive he can implicate him in the robbery
of the Potter residence.

 

 

153 FOOT FENCE FELL ON HER,
Sad Thanksgiving for Woman Who Came
Here to Visit Her Daughters.

Mrs. Mary Dreyer, 67 years old, came
from her home in Connecticut yesterday to
spend Thanksgiving with two of her children
who live in this city. Sbe had visited Mrs.
Mary Scohwack of 432 East 122d street, one
of her daughters, and was on her way to
0+ Pine street, Brooklyn, to visit the other
last evening when the met with an accident.
As she was walking by a fifteen foot
fence outside of Kleemeyer & Robberman's
coal yard at 418 East 122d street the fence
collapsed and buried Mrs. Dreyer. Both
ber logs end three of her ribs were broken.
She was taken to the Harlem Hospital in a

serious condition.

ee EE IEEE UES EEE SSSI ateeeeees
———————

_—__—_
a

M'CURDY OUT OF THE MUTUAL,

FREDERIO CROMWELL NAMED AS
PRESIDENT PRO TEM.

 

 

Mealth the Nominal Reason for
MoCurdy’s Retirement—Choioe of &
Rucoessor Regarded as a Victory for
the Reactionaries—Reforms Promised.

Richard A, McCurdy's term of office ae
president of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company ended yesterday, Hie resigna-
tion, dated at his home in Morristown, N. Jw
on Tuesday, November 28, was acoepted by
the board of trustees,

The resignation of Robert H. McCurdy,
son of the president and general manager
of the company, did not accompany his
fathor's, nor did that of Son-in-law Louls A.
Thébaud, The early retirement of both ts
looked for,

Frederio Cromwell, for twenty-five years
associated with the McCurdy régime as
trustee and for the last twenty years as
treasurer, was chosen president pro tem.
He will hold office until June 1, the date of
the next annua] election.

The resignation of United States Supreme
Court Justice Rufua W. Peckham from the
board of trustees also was received yes-
terday. Mr. Peckham has been a trustee
of the Mutual since 1584. He is the first
meraber of the board to retire in the present
crisis.

The announcement was made after the
meeging that Mr. Peckham had resigned
because he could not find time to attend
the meetings of the board.

The reason given by others for Justice
Peckham's retirement is that he wrote
a letter some time ago to certain members
of the board urging the necessity of imme-
diate and drastio reforms and a complete
investigation.

Threfigh the obstacles that have been
thrown in the way of tho Mutual's self-

investigating committee and the factional |

differences in the board Justice Peckham's
recommendations have either been disre-
garded or held up, and it was chiefly on ao-
oount of this that he stepped out.

It is unlikely that the election of Mr.
Cromwell as temporary chairman will end
the factional disturbances in the board,
His election was unanimous as far as the
actual proceedings of the meeting are con-
cerned, but the choice was merely acquiesced
in by the housecleaning faction headed by
Stuyvesant Fish and John W. Auchincloss,

The election of Mr. Cromwell was re-
garded, however, as a temporary victory
for tho finance committee and the faction
n the board led by H. H. Rogers and George

. Baker. The real fight in the board will

come on the election of a permanent presi- |

dent.

In'the meantime the investigating com-
mittee will continue its efforts to lay bare
all the Mutual's affairs and place re-
6ponsibility for the mismanagement,
Whether it will still have to contend with
obstructions in its work under Mr. Crom-
well's management remains to be seen,
but it was intimated last night that if such
a policy were adopted certain of the trustees
would appeal to District Attorney Jerome
to begin a criminal investigation and bring
the facts out in that way.

This is Mr. McCurdy's letter of res{gnation:

 

| froguently than in ths past.

 

For Habitual and Obstinate
onstipation.

APENTA

.

The Best Natural Purgative Water
ORDINARY DOSE, A Winegilassful Before Breakfast.

The good effects of Apenta Water are maintained by smaller
and steadily diminishing doses, repeated for successive days,

ALSO

SPARKLING APENTA,

IN SPLITS ONLY,
NATURAL APENTA CARBONATED,

A Refreshing and

Pleasant Aperient

for Morning Use.
DRINK WHILE EFFERVESCENT.

Sole Exporters:

 

“unless we went into these syndicates we
would not be able to invest our funds ex-
cept by buying inamall quantities and pay-
ing the excessive profits of middlemen.”
tobert H, McCurdy refused to comment
upon his father’s reaignation or to say
when, if at all, his own resignation would
be forthcoming, His secretary said that
the elder MoCurdy was not seriously ill,
Ha did not know the nature of the illness,
The elder MoCurdy has not been in hig
office since last Wednesday, the day of
tho meeting of tho trustees at yince h
salary was reduced from $150,000 to $75,000.
While it is expected that Mr, Cromwell
will hold office until the next annual meet-
ing, in June, there is a possibility that the
trustees may choose a new president at
any time, They will hold a special meet-
ing next Wednesday and thereafter, it
was eaid; will hold meetings much more

One of the trustees said that Mr, Crom-
well would make an exoellent man for
permanent president were it not for his
participation in syndicates. The sarne
trustee sald that Robert A. Grannis, vios-
Preaiclent, was still being talked of for the

rmanent place by those who favored

reform from the inside.”

Avother one of the trustees mentionad |
as an available man is William H. Trues-
dale, president of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western, Mr. ‘Truesdale is |
chairman of tha investigating committee.

James H, Eckels, Comptroller of tho |
Curreney under Cleveland and now prosi-
dent of the Commercial National Bank of |
Chicago, is believed to be the strongest |
possibility {In case the offloa goes outside
the present board of trustees.

Mr. Eckels, who is in town, said last
night:

“I know absolutely nothing about the

|

During a number of years past, as most | presidency of the Mutual except what I

of the board are aware, I have froin time
to time expressed my intention of relinquish.
ing the position of president of the Mutual
Life Insurance Company of New York upon
(taining 70 years of age.

In June last, when iny annifal term of office
expired, having the previous January reached
70 years of age, I wished to carry out ny plan
and decline a reelection to the presidency,
but the serious disturbance which previously
had arisen in life insurance affairs rendered
{t, as 1 believed, my duty to remalo at iny
post.

1 therefore accapted election for another
year. 1l now find that in attempting to serve
this company for the full term of my office

1 overestimated my physical powers, and
my physicians, Drs. Kinnicutt, Bailey
and Willis, after consultation, advise Ine

that unless I {mmediately retire from active
business occupations my health will become |
60 further impaired as to jeopardize my life,

Under these conditions 1 ask the board to
accept my resignation ag president of the
cotinpany.

The resolution adopted by the board tn
accepting the resignation aays: ]

In accepting the resignation of Mn R. A. |
McCurdy as president of this company, the |
board of trustees begs to express to him its
sincere regret for the impaired condition of
health whieh has been fearcd by his friends
for some time past, and which is the occasion
for his retirement at this time, and the hope

 

 

that much needed rest and fr
further atrain upon his evstem may afford
the relief requisite for such recovery as may

be hoped for at his time of life. And the board
further assures Mr. McCurdy of its best
wishes for his future comfort and happiness |
in circumstaices more congenial to his present
tastes and Inelinations than the continuance
of arduous business activily and responsi-
bilities,

The meeting of the trustees was one of
the most largely attended in the history
of the company. With the exception
of Mr. McCurdy and Secretary of State
Root there was no notable absentee,

Mr. Cromwell was brought before the
board immediately after his election. He
announced that he could not accept tbe
place unless it came with entire unanimity
and George F. Baker, who is considered
one of the leaders of the reactionary fac-
tion, hastened to say:

“Tho demand for your election is unani-

mous and most cordial.

After the adjournment of the board
Mr. Cromwell made this statement:

“This office sought me. It came sud-
denly and the directors would not permit
eny hesitation on By part. I had intended
to retire from business during this past
year. Recent circumstances have pre-
vented my doing s0. I was compelled to
step into the breach. Somebody had to
do it. Nothing, however, could persuade
me to accept tho offlce as a permanency.

“There are many things to do and go
long as I am acting as president of the
GOMPaAy ite affairs will be run along straight
lines. The Mutual is financially sound.
There is not a flaw in its assets, as I stated
before the investigating committee. In
my department every i is dotted and every
t {s crossed.

“With this backlog to build upon I am
sure the Mutual will go on to increased
prosperity, Of course, as I said before,
there are many things to be corrected,
and while I am in office I will sce that they
are.
Mr. Cromwell was asked to be more defl-
nite about his policy of correction.

“I propose to proceed immediately,”
he replied, “and am determined to put
the company in such a position that it will |
have the unbounded confidence of the pub-
lic. 1 do not care to specify the exact
meastires on which I have decided. But I
suppose you have read the newspapers.”

Answering questions about factions in
the board of trustees, Mr, Cromwell said:
“There are no factions in the board what-
ever, I have never seen a more \inanimous
desire or one exercised so entirely without
personal preference or personal business |
consideration on the part of every one.”

Mr. Cromwell, whois #2 years old, has been |
a trustee of the Mutual since 188 and treas- |
urer since 18%4. He is an ofticer or director
of many other corporations,

Mr. Cromwell appeared as a witness
before the legislative investigating com-
mittee on September 13. He brought

 

| ham of the United States Supreme Court

| taneously with the resignation of President

| resignation, that I appreciated that it would
| be necessary for the ’
| meetings from now on, in view of the ex-

1 in Washington would make it impossible
| for mo to attend these meetings, I felt it my

las beyond the pale of propriety. I

| Justice Peckham,

| member of that board wasaware of them.”

! to the special committee appointed by the

 

with him a schedule showing participation
in sixteen underwriting syndicates in which
the Mutual was also a’ participant. The
achedile showed his individual profits
from these syndicates to have been $26,-
$71.52.

He defended them on the ground that

 

; porting business,

|
|

ave read in the papers. I have reoeived

| no offer, nor has the matter been broached

to me in any form.”
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.—Mr, Justice Peck-

this evening outlined his reasons for re-
signing from the Board of Trustees of the
New York Mutual Life Insurance Company.

“My resignation was forwarded to the
board of trustees last Monday,” said Justice
Peckham. “The fact that it arrived simal-

McCurdy was purely a coincidence.
“I informed the trustees, in my letter of

oard to hold frequent

fonuiye which had taken place before the
egislative committee, and that as my duties

duty to retire.”

Justice Peckham eald further that he
had told the committee that he learned
“with astonishment and great indigna-
tion the facts testified to by Mr. McCurdy
before the legislative committee, that the
funds of the company had been used to
influence legislation, virtually to corrupt
legislators, and that they had Leen furnished
to political parties as campaign contribu-
tions, both of which practices I regarded
@Xx-
pressed my amazement and tndignation
that President McCurdy's salary had been
go enormously increased by a sub-com-
mittee without even a report to the finance
com nittea,

“These things had been done,” continued
“without the slightest
knowledge of the board of trustees, asa
Loard, and I do not know that any individual

Justice Peckham said that he had written

board relative to the evils that had been
exposed. He had suggested the eradication
of such evils, expressing his belief that
among other things the retirement
of Mr. MeCurdy would tend to reestablish
public confidence in the Mutual. He said
that salary reductions would not suffice,
that a severance of Mr. McCurdy's relations
with the company would, in Mr. Peckham's
opinion, tend to restore the confidence that
the Mutual Yormerly enjoyed.

SCHMITTBERGER'S MAN JARRED.

Lohmeyer, Who, Was in the Bon Ton Raid,
Banishod to Do Duty in Uniform.

Plain Clothes Policeman Lohmeyer, who
has been wardman for Inspector Schinitt-
barger in the Tenderloin, has been trans-
ferred to the West 152d s(reet station to
do duty in uniform. Lohmeyer's transfer
jarred him, as it did Inspector Schmitt-
berger.

“I was not eatisfied with the way that
man was doing his work,” said Commis-
sioner McAdoo yesterday, “and I thougbt
it would do him good to send him to another
station. 1 will consider his case further
in a day or two.”

Lohmeyer has beeh a busy man ever since
Inspector Schmittberger has been in charge
of the Tenderloin. He has been around
the White Light district at all hours of the
day and night. Some people in the Ten-
derloin seemed to think he was a bigger
man than Schmittberger.

Lohmeyer took part. in the Bon Ton raid,
and was one of the polica witnesses who
alleged that no one had been clubbed by
the raiders. He was very active previous
to the investigation, and it is said in the
Tenderloin that he is the man who induced
Bob Nelson, the Tenderloin bondsman and
backer of the Bon Ton, to keep the clubbed
negroes from appearing against Schmitt-
berger and Capt. Dooley. For this, it is
snid, somebody assured Nelson that the

; Bon Ton would never be raided again.

LOUIS HAAS DIES SUDDENLY.

Was Trensuser of the Raltlway Advertts-
ing Company.
Louis Haas, treasurer of the Railway
Advertising Company, with offices+in the }

 

| Times Buildfng, died suddenly while dress-

|
ing for dinner last night at his home, 483
West End avenue, Jr. Brickner of 186
West Eighty-fifth street said that death
was due to heart failure.

Mr. Haas was 60 years old and born in
Germany. Hecame to this country when
18 years old and in time engaged in’theim- |

He took an active in- |
terost.in politics and was a prominent mem-
ber of the West Side Republican Club. His
wife and two sons eurvive.

 

| initials, and

>

THE APOLLINARIS CO., Ld., London.

  

TISDALE'S BRODY FOUND,

Mining Engineer, Missing Sinoe Nov. 6,
Was Drowned in Harlem River

The body of John N. Tisdale, the mine
superintendent who disappeared from the
Hotel Seville, Madison avenue and Twenty-
ninth street, on Monday, November 6, |
was found floating arnong the Jogs and
débris in the Harlem River opposite the
foot of Lincoln avenue last night. The
body was taken to the Alexander avenue
station house, where Sergt. Mulcahy recog-
nized it through the description sent out
in the police general alarm after Tisdale
disappeared.

The police found $83.90 {n the pookets,
a gold watoh engraved “J. N, T.," Tisdale's
a dog head gold stickpin,
which Tisdale was always fond of wearing
and which war mentioned in the alarm.

Mra. Tisdale was notified at the Hotel
Seville, She has been progtrated since her
husband's disappearance and was not able
to view the body last night. From the
description furnished by the police she was
satisfied it was that of her husband.

Coroner Berry viewed the body and aald

 

| that in his opinion it hadn't been in the

water more than two weeks, There were
several cuts and bruises on the body, but
the Coroner tholight that these were sus-
tained after death by the body coming in
contact with logs, scows and perhaps tug
propellers,

MERIWETHER TELLS OF FIGHT.
Says He Challenged to Put an End to
Braneh's Persecutions,.

ANNAPOLIS, Nov. 29.—Midshipman Minor
Meriwether, Jr., was heard in his own de-
fense to-day by the members of the court
martial which is trying him for manslaughter
in connection with the death of Midship-
man James R, Branch. He told of the
incidents which led up to the fight and
about the fight itself. Branch and himself
had parted as friends, he said, and he con-
sidered Branch the more fortunate to sleep |
and not wake up, whereas he must face the |
world with the knowledge of his part in the |
deplorable affair,

Meriwether said that Branch had begun
to “run” him in a peculiar and very dis-
agreeable manner when he first entered
the Academy and had kept it up whenever
he got an opportunity. Running, Meri-
wether said, did not pera any physical
contact with the midsh poen who was being
run, but consisted of all manner of abusive
and profane language addressed to him

This was worse than hazing, the witness
thought, and if it was resented, the lower |
cae man was considered “ratey” and must
it.

The witness said that Branch had fre-
quently told him that he was going to drive
him from the Academy and as an upper class
man Meriwether believed that he could do it.
He had been led to believe that if he fought
Branch the persecutions would cease and
this is why he had determined to go to
Branch’s room and, failing to reach an
understanding, force him to nat His
e6tutement of what occurred in Branch's
room did not differ materially from the
account given by other witnesses,

The testimony in rebuttal by the prosecu-
tion consisted largely of that gven by
Surgeon Byrnes, of the Academy,and Dr.
Thomas of Johns Hopkins Hospital, Balti-
moro, insupport of their view that Branch's
death had been occasioned by fist blows,
Admiral James H. Sands, superintondent of |
the Academy, and Capt. Colvocoresses,
commandant of midshipmen, testified that |
fighting was not tolerated at the Academy
and several midshipmen classmates of |
young Branch testified to his high character.

DISMISSED.

 

 

FIRST CLASS MIDDY

Low Standing the Cause and Not Testimony
Agalnst Officer at Court Martial.

ANNAPOLIS, Nev. 20.—The Seoretary of
the Navy has ordered the dismissal of Mid-
shipman Joseph Ralph Williams of Pater-
son, N. J., a member of the first class, for
unsatisfactory standing in study and con-
dict, It is very seldom that a midshipman
of the first class is dismissed for anything
but specifio misconduct,

Williams testified yesterday before the
court martial which is trying Midshipman
Miner Meriwether, Jr., and told of an inci-
dent in which Commander Hugh Osterhaus
reported a midshipman for not resentin
an insult, another midshipmen having calle
him a “cheerful liar,” which was afterward
SS RIRReH to have been a joke.

t was thought in some quarters that
Midshipman Williams's dismissal had some-
thing to do with his testimony before the
court yesterday, Bub it was learned that the
order was sent out before his testimony
was given. Williams was a member of the
class which was graduated last February,
but was turned back a year on account of his
low scholastio standing. He has still been
unable to keep up with his studies.

MAULED BY A MOB.

in Quest of Revenge Sent
Through Little Girl's Sleeve.

Tho reserves of the East Twenty-seoond
etreet police station rescued John Riley, a
brick handler, of 411 East Twenty-fifth
street last night just in time to prevent
him from being killed by an infuriated
First avenue mob at ‘I'wenty-fourth street.
He was badly mauled, and the surgeons
at Bellevue had considerable work to do
on his face.

As nearly as the police could learn Riley
went to a corner saloon carrying a
loaded .82 calibra revolver. He was
looking for revenge upon ‘Tim’ Sullivan
of 231 Fast Twenty-fifth street. The police
heard that he fired at Sullivan, and, missin
him, turned the revolver upon the crow
around him.

One bullét went through the sleeve of |
four-year-old Jennie Wagner of 418 First
avenue. Then the.crowd got in its work.

i

os Neha

Man Builet

 

 

|
|

 

| afternoon,

| in Torringford, Conn.

ORIENTAL RUGS, IN SIZES SUITABLE FOR DECO.
RATIVE, PURPOSES; LACE SCARFS FOR BOUDOIR
AND LIBRARY TABLE; OBJECTS OF ART IN.BRONZE
AND MARBLE, PORCELAIN VASES AND PLAQUES,
ELECTROLIERS, FRENCH CLOCK SETS; ARTICLE?
OF FANCY NEEDLEWORK.

FINE FANS, REPRODUCING ANTIQUE DESIGNS;
UMBRELLA HANDLES {OF CARVED IVORY, [GOLD
AND SILVER; TRAVELING AND MOTOR GOODS, |
LEATHER REQUISITES OF VARIOUS KINDS; ALSO
|
|
|
|
|

JEWELED, JET AND CUT

 

B® Altman & Co.

RUSSIAN SABLES AND

SELECTIONS OF MUFFS
NUMBER OF MATCHED

 

 

 

OBJECTS APPROPRIATE FOR GIFTS.

RUSSIAN AND HUDSON BAY SABLE GARMENTS FOR
THEATRE, DRIVING AND STREET WEAR; ALSO

MAKING OF CLOAKS, MUFFS AND NECKPIECES TO
ORDER. FUR-LINED GARMENTS, INCLUDING MOTOR
COATS AND EVENING WRAPS.

|
| Sixth Avenue, Eighteenth and

     
        
 

STEEL NOVELTIES. ,

 

FUR-LINED GARMENTS.

AND SCARFS, AND A
SABLE SKINS FOR THE |

 

Nineteenth Streets,

4.

 

 

 

 

      

ment and wisdom of the donor.

of service and satisfaction.

 

WM. BROWN EMERSON DEAD.

 

Seized With Heart Fatlure Soon After He |

Had Talked of Thanksgiving.

William Itrown Emerson, a retired oil
merchant, was taken suddenly ill while
walking through Pine street yesterday
He was carried into the hall-
way of an offloa building at 6 Pine ‘street
and died before the arrival of an ambulance
surgeon. The body was removed to the
Old Slip police station and Coroner's
Physician O'Hanlon, who made an examina-
tion, said that death was dus to heart
disease. The body was turned over later
to an undertaker and removed to the Emer-
son home, at 225 Berkeley place, Brooklyn.

Mr. Emerson was 60 years old and born
He was a relative
of Ralph Waldo Emerson and the gon of
the Rev. Brown Emerson, a Presbyterian
minister of Salem, Mass. When quite
young Mr. Emerson came to this city and
engaged in business, He became the
treasurer of the Sone & Fleming Company,
one of thesubsidiary concerns of the Stand-
ard Dil Company. ‘we years ago he
retired. He took an eettve interest in
church work and was & member of the
Memorial Presbyterian Church of Brook-
lyn. se was for several years & member
of the Montauk Club. Mr. Emerson is
survived by his wife and three daughters,
one of whom is married and another a
student at Wellesley College.

When he left his home yesterday after-
noo to attend to some small business mat-
ters Mr. Emerson was {n the best of spirits
and apparently jn good health. His family
had made great preparations for celebratin
Thanksgiving and a number of friends and
relatives haa’ been invited to dinner, Mr,
Emerson as he left his house referred to
the dinner party in gleeful terms,

Obituary Notes.

Thomas A. Sanderson of the Manhattan
Building Bureau, died suddenly on Tuesday
afternoon at his home, 822 Kast Fifty-eighth
street, of pneumonia. He was born In thie
city about fifty years ago, and was for a
number of vears {In business as a builder with
his nines Ex-Commissioner Thoinas J,
Brady made him an inspector when th
Department of Buildings was ornenteedcis
1892, and assigned him to the Unsafe Bullding
Division, He was a member of the Wyandot
Club Rad One of Alderman Coggey's lleuten-
ants in the Twenty-fourth Assembly district,
A ion and three children survive him.

obn W. Russell, a retired lumbe
died suddenly on Tuesday night at treet
dence, 15 Maple avenue, South, East Orange
He was born in Newton Falls, Mass., eighty-

seven years ago and came from an old New |

England family, For more than fifty ye
he fiad lived in East Orange. He was tn the
lumber business in New York in which he is
said to have amassed a considerable fortune
and retired three years ago. He married
Miss Mary Horton of Geneva, N. Y., who died
several years ago. They had one son, who
wae arowned swenty-Ave years ago, and his
only surviving relative is a nephe
Church of Bayonne. Rae ANeH
Mrs. Margaret Lane_Skerrett, widow
Rear-Admiral Joseph S. Skerrett, died i
Washington on Tuesday after an operation
rs, Bkerrett was the daughter of Col. A. S,
aylor, United States Marine Corps, She
leaves five children, Joseph G. Nkerrett of
Washington, formerly of Phitadelphias Rob-
ert G. Skerrett of Washington, now in Ger-
many; Mrs. Frederick WV. Matteson of Wash-
inEan, Are, Pasig pling pt Paadelphis
d Mrs. David B, Wills, wife ile 3
SP inetarien covne’ of Lieut. Wills
Dr. Edson Davidge Royal, died on Tues
at the home of his parents in Lananons Gene.
Dr, Royall was 0 years old, He was a grud-
uate of the College of lhyslcians and Sur-
geons, and after graduation became con-
nected with the Paterson General Hospital
He leaves surviving him his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. N. B. Royall of Lebanon, Conn., and @

brother, Ralph Royall, a lawver of this city,

 

Court of Appenis Calendar.

ALBANY, Nov, 20.-Court of Appeals nda
{or Monday: Nos. 13, 118, 432, 134 138, oie

The gift of an Elgin Watch will be
aconstant reminder of the discern-

isa present that will give a lifetime

Every Elgin Watch is fully guaranteed.
All jewelers have Elgin Watches, ‘'Time-
makers and Timekecepers,’’ an illustrated
history of the watch sent free on request,

ELGIN NATIONAL WATCH CO., Elgin, Wl,
VLULOMLL OLE OOOLLOLULOD OOOLULOY

SS SSS

 
 

It

    
 
     
 
      
 
 

SAY

  
  
 

  

CULM,

 

SELL US YOUR SAFE.

Ard get a safe that
will really protect you.

HALL’S SAFE CO,

Safes Secure you Agalest
Fire and Burglar.
THE KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON CO,,
SALES AGENTS,
393 BROADWAY,

Between White and Walker Streets,
New York.

Telepione 4810-11-12 Frank'in.

. The

     

 

 

OHIO SOCIETY ELECTIONS.

Publish Ite History.

The Ohio Soctety held its annua) election
at the Manhattan Hotel last night, with
the following resulta:

Col, John J, McCook was reeleoted presi-
dent; Henry W. Taft}-Eben B. Thomas,
Thomas Ewing, Jr., Emerson MoMillin and
William 8. Hawk were made, vice-presi-
dents; Francis M. Applegate, secretary;
Seth Thayer Stewart, recording secretary,
and Warren Higley, treasurer.

The various committees presented re-
pore showing that the society has over

24,000 to its credit and that the history of
the sooiety is ready for publication.

Col. McCook said:

“I thank you for reelectin
ROU DE the Office, or at least
in the act.”

President Melville E, Ingalls of the Big
Four, the next speaker, said:

“I know why the president called upon
me to make a speech; I happen to be 4
member of the Frick committee, and he
wanted to get back at me.”

Other speakers were Colgate Hoyt, Gen
Henry L. Burnett, Thomas Ewing, Jr.j
Emerson McMillin and William S. Hawk.

PAINTED A MAN IN HIS COFFIN.

Jury Finds That 61,000 Is FEnongh to
Recompense Miss Scott.

Supreme Court Justice Greenbaum dis
| missed yesterday the suit brought by Miss
| Margaret L. Scott, an artist, to recover

$1,500 from Mrs. Gertrude B. Miller for paint-
ing a portrait of Charles W. Miller, Mrs.
Miller's late husband. The portrait was
inted from studies made while Miller
in his coffin.
The testimony of Miss Scott showed that
; Bhe had received $1,000 from Mrs, Miller
) and had never tendered the finished por
trait for delivery, though she demanded
| the $1,500 balance. The painting was
brought to court and exhibited to the jury
It was pronounced a good likeness,
| Mrs. Miller's defence was that the paint-
ing was not worth more than $1,000. The
suit was dismissed after Miss Scott's case
was in.

me. I never
wasn't caught

a