anni

 

The

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 190%,

 

 

 

 

Entered at the Post Ome at New York as Second
(iowa Mall Matter

 

 

Substriptions by Ma!
DAILY, Per Month
DAILY, Per Year
SUNDAY, Per Year... Oneny
DAILY AND) SUNDAY, Per Year ere
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.......+++
Postage to foreign countries added

 
    

 

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, In the Morogh of |
Manhattan, New York.

 

 

 

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pudlication wish (o have rejected articles refurned, (hey
must (n all cases send siamps for that purpose

SS eee

Reasons for Thanksgiving,

One of the greatest of the reasons for
thanks¢iving to-day ia the emancipation
of the people of this country from domi-
nation by the political Boss. They may
not persist in the assertion of their in-
dependence, but for the time being they
have declared themselves free

In no State ia the rnachinery of the
Boss system in perfect repair. In many |
States it is apparently irreparable. Sub-
servience to a partisan Boss is no longer
afetich. Association with a Boss is de-
structive of political ambition. See how
itis in this State, forexample. The only
hope for a new chairman of the Repub-
liean eonty committee is in his declar-
ing himself and proving himself to he
absolutely free from Boss dictation

Meantime the moral standard of the,
people has been raised, or at least they
are no Jonger victiins of the fetich of os-
tentatious respectability in high places
of finance. A higher conception of the
obligations of trusteeship has been en-
forced. Menin » sta of financial trust
have been frightened into decent ob-
servance of their duties to those whose
interests are in their hands

A heavy cloud of humbug, pretence
and chieanery has been swept away,
Some exalted reputations have crumbled,
but honesty and decency have risen to a
premium.

For all this the American people hava
cause for profound thankfulness to-day,
But their words of thanks will be empty |
mouthings if they do not persist in the |
process of cleansing until it is complete;
and there yet remains very much to be
washed away.

The District Attorney and’ the Ju-
diciary.

Mr. JEROMP has just been reelected
District Attorney of this county by a |
significant majority, inspite of the oppo- |
sition of all political parties. Through |
his indepandenca, fearlessness and high |
personal character he has won the great- |
est political victory ever won in this
State by any individual candidate for
office. His public utterances naturally
command atiention and cannot fail to
mako an impression on the community.

At the dinner of the City Clnb on Tues-
day evening the District Attorney criti-
eised the Judges of our Supreme Court
in no uncertain language. Ne said:
with an

“Most Important of all ts to da away
elective judiclary Tama lawyer and was
to come to my profession With a degree of rever-
ence for the Judiclary But 7 want to say that,
with few
ence for the Supreme Court Jucges of this depart

trained

   

exceptions, | nov oniy have no rever-
Ment but have not even common ordinary respect
for them, * e

the burning sense

It will be a long time before
g

of shame gets o

tof my beart

when F found Judges golng bareheaded to aman) fife of the population of the town and
Uke MonpH? and bece'ny tc be nominated fof are the greatest aggregation of Jews in }
fescealon: Wespendhs 1a single community in the history of |
It is neorlless to say that the judi- |} the world. In many departments of |
ciary should be divorced os far as | business they hav» the mastery. The
possible from polities and from parti- | professions are crowded with them,
kan valection. A man should be made | of all the foreign races here they are
a Judie because he is a good law- most numerous in the public schools
yer, fitted by natural ability, educa- | and the colleges.
tion, temperament and e perience at | The great immigration of Jews to the
the bar to oceupy a seat on the bench, | United States, however, has been in the
and he should be chosen without regard | last fifty years, and more especially in
to his p litical affiliations or to the party | the last twenty-five years. One hun-
towhichh may belong. This, however, | dred years ago there were only about
is an ideal standard, and perhaps it can! 2.000 Jews in the whole Union, of

never be enforced absolutely or be mace |
applicable to every nomination i
Pelities always have had some influ-

judicial office, as well as for executive |
or Irislative office, although, possibly, |
not tothesame extent. Nor is it certain
that making the judiciary oppeintive |
would emedy the situation. With an
appointive udiciaty it is almost  in-
variably necessary to secure the indorae-
ment of the political leaders of his party

before presenting the : ame to the Govy- |
ernor; and even with the Federal ju- |
diciary it is essential to enlist the sup- |
port of the Senators from (he candidate's |
State before submitting his name to the |

President. Instancea have been con-

spicuous in the Supreme Court of the,
have been |

United States where men
selected fer that great tribunal mainly
through political influence, and it is well
known that candidates for that bench
have been defeated because they were
+ pposed by the Senators from their cwn
State. Notable among such instances
is that of Mr. WinniaM B. HonnBLowen,
who, althongh nominated by President
CLEVELAND for the Supreme Court of

the United States, could not secure the |
support of the Senators from this State |

or confirmation by the Senate of the
United States.

When the Governor of this State ap-
points a lawyer to fill a temporary va-
eancy in the Supreme Court his selec-
tion is almost invariably controlled or
guided by the political leaders of the

party to which the Governor belongs. |

And we are not at all sure that if we
had an appointive system the change

would be for the better or would lead |

to the selection of men better qualified
by ability, learning or experience,

While it is an open secret
Justice INGRAHAM and Justice GIL-
DERSLEEVE found difficulty in securing

their renomination by Tammany Hall, |

it must be noted that in the end the gen-
eral feeling of the community and the
universal indorsement of the best mem-

bers of the bar succeeded in securing |

the renomination of these excellent
Judges. And while it is true that the
spectacle of Judges going bareheaded

to Mr. Murry and seeking a on

mation does { ot appeal to one's sense

 

, to be elected In this department.

| gard

| in
| reac el the most prosperous develop-

» Hungary

| their number is about 1,600,000,
ence in the selection of candidates for |

that |

of propriety or to any respectable
theory of good government, we are
inclined to think that any candidate
for judicial offlee on the Republican
ticket would have to go, bat in hand, to
the vhairman of the Republican county
committee or to the Republican party
leader befora he could secure such
nomination, and that any reform wandi-
date in order to secuso the indorsement
of the Citizens’ Union or the City Club
might even have to call upon the Leaders
of Reform before the nomination would
be granted. Of course we do not ap-
prove of anything of this sort. We
think that men of tried experience, of
great natural mental power, and, if
possible, of brilliant attainments, should
adorn the bench; but we must not im-
agine that the attaining of judicial pre-
forment in this city is entirely different

from the method which obtains in other

states and in other cities,

In reference to the Supreme Court
Judges to be elected next year Mr.
JEROMB went on to say:

“Next year several Supreme Court Judges are
Have the mem-
bers of the bar discussed who they shali be? The
politiclans have, and some of them aro already
Slated for the places,”

These words properly call attention
to a conspicuous evil of the day-—-the
selection of men for judicial office by
political leaders based on purely party
service and on no special distinction at
the bar. It is an evil which has grown
apace and which has already depreciated
or lowered the tone of the judiciary.
The remedy is in the hands of the law-
vers, who should organize and make
their influence felt as members of the

bar. The initial step should be taken
by the association of the bar, which
should come to the front and should |

fake an active part in the selection of |

candidates for election in 1906,

There is one remark, however, which
cannot be passed unnoticed, and which
we think is so sweeping in character as
to call for dissent. Mr. JEROME says
that he not only has no reverence for the
Supreme Court Judges of this depart-
ment but that he has not common ordi-
nary respect for them, We are not in
accord with this sentiment. We believe
that as a whole the Supreme Court
Justices of this department are not only

Most of our Judges are men
of integrity, many of our Judges are
also men of ability, some are
Judges of the highest order. A general

| condemnation, based on some special

instance or some special instances, may
endanger the confidence of the whole
community in our judiciary and in our
jndicial system, and the loss of such con-
fidence would be most unfortunate.

 

The Jewish Anniversary,

The Jews have good reason to cele-
brate to-day the two hundred and
fiftieth anniversary of their settlement
this country, for here they have

ment of their race since the Dispersion.
In only two other countrics of the
world, Russia and Austria-Hungary,
are they now more numerous than in
the United States. In Russia their
number is about 5,000,000, in Austria-
about ¥%,000,000 and in this
country about 1,600,000. Here in the
city of New York alone they are more
by a hundred and fifty thousand than
in all Germany, and nearly five hundred

' thousand more than in the whole British

Em ire. They make up nearly one-

whom 800 were in Charleston, 500 in New
York and ‘50 in Philadelphia. In 1905
During
the last twenty-five years toward a
million of them have arrived as immi-
grants at American ports, about nine-
tenthe of the number at New York
alone, Nearly four-fifths of the whole
Jewish population is centred in New
York and the adjoining States of Con-
necticnt, Massachusetts, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, but there are represent-
atives of the race in every State and
Territory. Of those who came over in
the last twenty years four-fifths were
from Russia, and their arrival intro-
duced new and grave elements into the
| Jewish problem in this country. More-
over, unless the Jews of Russia shall
soon be relieved of their disabilities and
the massacres of them shal! cease this
Jewish immig ation from Russia will
continue in great volume.

The rapidity with which this sudden
flood of Jews becomes self-supporting

and even prosperous in this country
and this city, more particularly, is
very remarkable. The Jewish immi-

| grants come with an average of only
$15 per head, but they arg soon able to
lock out for themselves. The number
needing charitable assistance on their
arrival is relatively small, and it rapidly
diminishes till only a few score ar> left.
The influence which their American
environment is having on these more
than a million and a half Jews, and
| will have on them in the future more
and more, is a question earnestly dis-
eussed by the race. The orthodox
| Russian . ews of the younger generation
are radically transformed as respects
their religiou. belief and their observance
lof the Jewish ritual. As Dr. Junius
GREENSTONE Of Philadelphia puts it;
“Many a young man who was firm in
| his religious convictions while in his
native village, and having heard of the
religious liberty prevalent in America
had fully made up his mind not to be
misled by the temptations and allure-
ments of the free country, succumbed
in his struggle and renounced his Judaism
when first subinitting his chin to the
barber's razor,” for shaving is pro-
hibited by the ancient Jewish laws.
In many ways th American Jews are,

 

Nee a eS SESSA OSS TE

Ot IH

 

even |

SUN

 

 

yielding to thie c¢mpulsion of elreum-
stances and ai\ecting the manners and
customs of the Yerple about them. The
old orthodox Jom: are horrified by the
desertions of ie younger generation
} and an almost ¢ Wy atimiggle is going on
between fathers ’uind fons on account
of them,

The question ar +, Can the distinction
of the peculiar ri ars remain when its re-
ligious belief shall so, and along with it
fidelity to the anc lent rittal?

However this may be, the transfer of
the Jew from eagiern Farope to this
country will have a profound influence
on hirn and on the 4 mericancivilization of
which he becomes! a part. Tho United
States, now third among the countries
of the world in ‘the magnitude of its
Jewish poy milation, seems destined event-
ually to become the first, though the
amelioration of the candition of the
Russian Jaws would long retard that
result. In N ew York the three-quarters
of a million Jews have introduced an
element into the electorate which upsets
old methods of political calculation.
Finance, trade ind the professions have
been changed sadically ly the great
Jewish advent, so far as concerns dom-
ination or great igfluence in them.

In the whole history of mankind there
have been introdiwed into no country
transforming influences more radical
than those which have resulted from
the increase of the Jews in the Cnited
States in the last century from only
two thousand to more than a million
and a half. Here in New York Jews
are now as many gs the representatives
of either the Irish race or the German
race, and their natural increase, apart
from the accessions’ received from im-
migration, is greater than that of any
otherrace in the communitw America
has indeed proved the land of promise tor
the Jews, and they may wéll celebrate
with pride amd happiness to-day their
first settlement in America.tavo: hundred
and fifty years ago.

Poneto es

Secretary Root and Our Neighbors,

An official announcerment of tthe policy
of Secretary Roor in the maffer of our
relations with Latin America would make
immensely interesting reading, But Mr.
hoor is a man whose policies are made

| known to the public by what he does |
worthy of respect but even of high re- |

| rather than by declaratians of what he
intends to do,
particular matter his plans are atill in
a formative state and will tase on final
and definite shape only upon «ompletion
of his careful and systematic study of
the entire situation.

There have been, however, a few iso-
lated outeroppings which are presum-
ably indicative of the vein beneath,
These point to a policy of friendliness
and consideration, betger defined and
closer diplomatic relations und better
commercial understanding. Jt is most
uplikely that there will be any plunging
into political morasses from which with-
drawal without loss of clignity is difficult.
It might be said that one of the distin-
wuishing characteristics of the present
head of the State Department is his de-
sire to know just where he is coming out
before he goes in. His methods are the
reverse of haphazard. He has on hand
two or three inherited complications
which he will doubtless put into much
betier shape than they*were when they
eame into his hands.

For various reasons the late Secretary
Hay's activities were largely confined
to other régions than those embraced
in the term Latin America. Our affairs
with those countries fell largely into the
hands of subordinates, and they suffered
somewhat in consequence. Because of
the new condition which has been es-
tablished in the Far East the time of Mr.
Roor will be less heavily drawn upon
from that direction'than was the case with
his predecessor. He has already be-
traved an active interest in the affairs
of the Western Hemisphere, and we be-
lieve that Mr. Root's control of the State
portfolio will mark the beginning of a
new era in our relations with Latin
America,

Secretary Wilson's Thanksgiving Re-
port,

The sun shines, the rain falls, the earth
yields her increase and the products
of American farms have a value of
$6,415,000,000 a year. All this falls to
our lot by virtue of the grace and good
will of the Department of Agriculture.

We are not among those who criticise
our faithful Secretary of Agriculture for
a little disposition on his part to monop-
olize all the credit for the . reat agricult-
ural prosperity of the nation. Taken by
itself, the sum appropriated for the use
of his department seems a very pretty
bundle of money, but it is after all only
a toll of one dollar in the thousand on
the value of the crops. This maintains
an army of soil chemists, bugologists,
plant experts, tree men, fruit men, hen
men and veterivaries, all of whom are
diligently employed in helping the
American farmer along the highway to
| wealth.

; There are some who scoff at this great
; national enterprise. But they do not
| realize what it has done for us, Only

a generation ago, in 1870, before we had

any Secretary WILSON or any Agricult-

ural Department, the value of our
rat products was but $2,000,000,000,
j less than one-third what it is to-day.

The American hen did not then contrib-
ute $509,000,009 to our national wealth,
nor did the cattle on a thousand hills
and in several thousand valleys give us
$665,000,000 worth of butter, cheese and
milk, as they now do. In those primitive
| days the farmer either saved his seed or
bought it at the store. Now he gets a
| whole lot of itfrom his Congressman. At
that time there were many rows of empty
| shelves in our rural libraries. Now no
shelf need gape. All may be filled with
| learned treatises on bugs, bots, oleomar-
garine and rutabagas, The Department
of Agriculture fills a noble place in our
national economy, and Secretary WILSON
is the priest and prophet thereof,

And still there is more to follow. The
Secretary says:

"Great as has been the work undertaken and
| accomplished, gratifying as have been theresults
| as shown In the first few pages of this report, be it
| ese that we are still at the threshold of

 

agriculture! development and that the educational
Work which has led Jo such’ grand results has

~-

It is probablethat in this |

a

 

 

 

 

ural population.”

We can only add on this Thanksgiving
Day that we hope that our barns may
be kept from bursting with fatness and
our hearts from bursting with pride
over long rows of figures,

Vhe Prophet With the Pile,

Of course, the Hon, WILLIAM RAN-
DOLPH Hearst will continue his nobie
labora for his own utility and the owner-
ship of State and national conventions.
He has gone into permanent headquar-
ters. He will continue to be a candidate.

His political investments last year
may be described from his point of view
and in guide book language as expen-
sive but good. Now he has begun in the
right spot. He is covering his home
territory. By the grace of Murpny and
his own good pocketbook he is doing a

| been extended as yet to a portion of our agricult-

 

ipal ownership promise line.
thing to do ig to cover this State. Then
will not State conventions and the na-
tional convention hail with irrepressible
enthusiasm the policy of the Open Hand
and Open Check Book?

Whatever be thought of Mr. HEARST'S
economio or philanthropin {ncursions
and excursions, his political ambitions
have a real financial importance. The
more of a “national figure” he becomes,
the greater will be the circulation of
money.

The immediate future of the Demo-
cratic party ia apt to be troubled. In
justice to Mr, Hearst it should be said
that he seldom fails to get the worth of
| his money in fun, And at present he

lector of delegates. He is a prophet

Southcott of New York city.

We think that Governor HicaIns was
right in favoring the fixed date, April 30,

 

 

date, the last Thursday in April, which a
| majority of the committee and of the Gov-
| ernors preferred to April 30, and which
| has been unanimously adopthd as the basis
| of the recommendation to Congress.
| April 30 is the anniversary of the first
| inauguration of the first President, GEORGE
' WasuHINGTon. Its historical significance
is a strong argument in its favor. There
| is no reason against it, except the fact that
| onee in a while April 30 will fall on Sunday,
| just as Fourth of July does or New Year's
| Day, throwing the inaugural ceremonies
} over to the next day, May 1. In past ex-
| perience this has not been found a serious
| practical disadvantage. As a matter of
fact, during the present century and for
the next ninety-five years April 30 as In-

auguration Day would fall only thrice on |

| Sunday.
On the other hand, apart from the de-
| airability of making the future inaugura-

tions occur on the anniversary of WASHING-

Ton's, there is something else to be con-
| sidered. The movable date, the last Thurs-
day in April, will require an infraction in
most cases of the present constitutional
provision fixing the term of the President
at four years. The term will no longer be
four years; it will be from a Thursday to
a Thuraday. The varying date of the
last Thursday in April will generally either
ourtail or lengthen the term; and different
Presidents will hold office for different
periods —other periods than that which the
Constitution now prescribes.

We hope that Congress will consider these
reasons for adopting April 30. As to the
general question of a change from the deadly
March 4 to the end of April, there is ab-
solutely uvothing to be said againat it.

 

WHAT WE ARNE THANKEIFUL

Short Message for the Day.
To THE Enirorn or THe Sun -Sir
| thankful to Almighty God for our bounteous
crops, our gigantio natural resources of ali
kinds, our extremely favorable position on
| the world’s map, our freedom, our liberty,
| and for the hope that is in us of greater things
to come if as a nation we practise what we
| preach in our national motto, “In God we
trust,"
We are thankful because we have in the
|
|
|

FOR,

Weare

White House a Chief Mawistrate who says
what he means, means what he says, and
who, as far as is humanly poasible, lives up to
the creed he sets forth, “A square deal for
every man.”

We are thankful because we aro beginning
to realize as & nation and as a people of mutual
interests that might is not always right;
that justice is not always blind; that truth
never falters; that fraud and injustice do not
nor succeed in the long run; that

the poorest among us have rights which

cannot be ignored; that the Golden Rule is
as true and as applicable as ever; that “gov-
ernment of the people by the people and for
the people” is still possible in this land of
| ours, main and insular; that “Old Glory” is
still the world’s flag of hope, based on liberty,
We are thankful beeause graft, political
and otherwise, is being exposed and its per-

always pay,

petrators nearing punishment, purging our
political and financial life of the poison which
Was sapping Its vitality.

We are thankful that our will can still be
expressed by our ballots, sounding the death
knell of the political Boss

We are thankful because 22,000,000 Ameri-

can children, native and adopted, are being |

trained in that bulwark of our national ex-
istence, the publie school, for the exercise
of their glorious heritage—American citi-

zenship.

We are thankful that our moral sense ts |

being quickened as a nation and as individuals,
and that we are realizing, as Emerson says,
“civilization depends on morality.”

We are thankful because our national
eonditions create enthusiasm, and “enthusl-
asm is the great nursery of genius.”

We are thankful because, in the providence
of God, our nation, born only a few years
ago, to-day occupies a foremost place among
the great nations of the world, because our
flag ia honored wherever and whenever it
is raised; because we are at peace with all the
world; and, the crowning glory of it all, be-
cause We are Americans

WaLtTeR J. BALLARD.

THANKSGIVING Day, 1905.

Cheerful Grocers,
To THE Fptror or THR SUN—SIr:

happy combination of names?
“The Love & Sunshine Co, wholesale grocers,

that

 

 

Is this not a

 

 

Jolnstown, Pa." ©on,
NEW YORK, Nov. 20,
Skeleton of a Thankegtving Poem,
olden
a - —- known
_ 7 + tener en golden
- - ~ = blown

murky
above
- turkey
~~ dove;

 

 

Review for December gives his impressions of
New York, Mr. W. D. Howells continues his study
of English tdlosyncrasics, Dr. Isidore Singer writes
about the condition of the Jews, Mrs, Meynell
about English “women humorists.” Gen, Alten of

|
While Mr. Henry James tn the North American

 
  
 
 

Senator Newlandsof Nevadaabout the Philippines,
There are articles also on the Prince of Wales's tour,
on Government rate making, on rural free delivery
and on jnsurance for workingmen,

ee _AE ; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1905. —...
ners eetananet ne —————————eEEEEEESEeEeEeEeEeEamumymE—EEaEEaeEE—EE=== en

big business in New York in the munic- |
Now, the |

is not merely the rich amateur and col- |

| and seer, the Elijah Dowie and Joanna |

with regard to the proposed change of |
Inauguration Day, rather than the movable |

the German Army about the Powers In Asia, and |

THE CANAL,

Some Facts That It Behooves the Pubilo
to Know.

To tae Foitor or Tum Sen Sirs Why
did you choose the altitude of 130 feet for the
summit level? might be asked. If there i# an
advantage in a bigh summit level why not
go yet higher?

The altitude of 130 feet ia an obligatory
level. The principle that must rule the con-
struction of @ lock canal which is not made
for perpetuity is to go as high as possible,
80 long as you find good locations and founda-
tiona for the locks.

This condition is very happily fulfilled with
4 level of 130 feet; it would not be any more
complete with a higher level.

Why must you pass as high as possible In
the Culebra cut? might also be asked, Is it
not disadvantageous to have 80 many locks?

The advantages of a high passage are enor
mous, Its only disadvantage ia to make
greater the time of transit by an hour and a
half for each pair of locks aided, It nearly
annihilates the terrible and unknown factor
jot the dry excavation of the Culebra cut.
| It bringa it down to 20,000,000 cublo yards

across the Cordillera, a cut more than 100,-
| 000,000 cubio yards large for asealovel canal,
and 43,000,000 cubic yards for @ passage at
|

 

 

65-92 elevation. It limits the dry excavation

of Culebra to the high part of the cut, where

that terrible enemy the water is liable to do
least damage during the work.

The lock canal cannot be concelved as a
Perpetual canal, except by those affiloted
by an incurable shorts!ghtedness of the mind,
when the possibility and the ease and the
cheapness of transforming it to tide level,
without any contact between the transit and

| the works, are established as they are now,
| both scientifically and practically.

| Therefore, the high level {s only temporary
and will be lowered very soon after the open-
j ing.

It follows that to adopt a lower passage
at 30 or #0 or 00 feet elevation can be due only
tothe desire of doing as much work as pos-
sible by the old and obsolete railroad excava-
tion and transportation method, and to avold
as much as possible the employment of the
new, scientific, powerful and cheap method
of electric dredging and transporting.

It can be due only to the desire of waiting
some years longer for the opening to transit.

It ean be due only to the desire of incurring
the risk of some great landslide, which would
be nothing if it should occur during the
transformation with the wet system on ac-
count of the enormous dimensions of the cut,
but which would mean, if happening during
the dry excavation, a further delay of three
or four years for the opening to transit.

Passage below the 130 foot elevation means
deeper dry digging, and this means Unneces-
sary waste of time and money and the assump-
tion of Unnecessary risk.

PHILIPPE BONAT-VARILLA,

New York, Nov. 29.

TRADE UNIONISM.

The Unions’ Leaven of Hfonesty and Pa-
triotism May Solve All Its Problems.
Yo THE Epttor op THe SuN-Sir; The

“Reason for Trade Unious” given by your

correspondent in to-day's Sus is true enough

as far as it goes, but unfortunately it doesn't
go very far. To a speculative builder
whose knowledge of the seamy side of trade
unionism is largely confined to observation
of the attempts of rascally contractors to
beat the game by not paying their men, It
would seem as if that were trouble enough
and that no further search need be made
for causes. But such logic is almost as short-
sighted as that of the youth who thought he'd
be adoctor, and on starting his practice found
in his first patient a man who wanted sauer-
kraut. The deadly mixture was given to the
sufferer and he got well. You know the reat
of the story; the conclusion of the young
practitioner that sauerkraut was the cure for
all diseases, afterward modified on the death
of his second patient to a conclusion that
sauerkraut would cure a Dutchman but kill

a Prenehinan,

So it fa with cure for labor union troubles
by passing laws protecting mechanics against
loss of Waxes, No, it is not the cheating of
workmen by rascally bosses that made trade
unions. It is something far simpler than
that. It wWas—it is no longer—the unkind
habit the bosses had in the olden days of not
paying enough wages. If a law had been
passed long ago that compelled bosses to pay
workmen all the workmen wanted, then we
should have no unions and no labor troubles,

But, Joking aside, 1 am acquainted with
people who are in the game now who believe
that the unions are not as black as they are
painted, that there is a leaven of patriotiam,
not to mention common honesty, in them
that is going to help to clear up the labor
problem as much as the philosophers and
sociologists (forgive thea word) have any
right to ask any Rrabian to be cleared up,
The unions are looked upon as outcasts,
Ikhmaelites; their ways are dark, or at least
supposed to be dark, There is an air of dis-
trust toward them from the generality of
mankind, and as a result, and a perfectly
natural result, an air of distrust, of misun-
derstoodness, from them in return,

The assumption in your editorial of to-day
that the trade unions will oppose manual
training In the schools is a perrecuy natural
one, but 1 believe it is not necessarily a right
one. On the contrary, I believe the unions
can be induced with very little coaxing to
join and cooperate in a movement for manual
training in the schools, BuiLver,

New York, Noy. 20,

-_

Gen. John Sallivan's Place in History,

TOTHE LnrrToR OF THE SUN~Sir- Willlam Elllot
Gris wants to know why his talk topic, Gen, John
Sullivan, isn't more famous and oftener the subject
for discussion In school histories. The reason Is
slinply this: When Sullivan swept through the
wilderness and after the Hittle scrap near the site
of Elmira -6,000 against 000—he contented himaelf
with destroying houses, storehouses, fields and
orchards belonging to the Indians. When he had
the opportunity to destroy the fort at Ontarlo
he shook so violently tn his boots at the prospect
of & rea! fight that he turned the backs of bis men
Incontinently to the fort and went home. He was
| ordered to drive the Indians away, but when they
| made thelr resolute stand at Ontario Sullivan not
| only Oincnhed but ran away,

The meters of school historles very properly re-
fuse to hold up poltroons to be examples for thelr
puplis. It 1s from their historles that schoolboys
| get much of thelr patriotism, and the writers of
| school histories probably prefer to use thelr avall-
able space for real fighters like Wayne, Sumter,
Marion, Clark, Light Horse Harry, Putnam, than
to waste {t on such half baked characters as St.
} Clair, Sullivan, Wilkinson, Hull (of Detrottill fame)
Hy deseribing Aroold, Gates, Burr and Charles Lee
|
|

 

 

 

the writers of school histories give quite enough

space to the contrasting darker shades of American

history, CARROL CHRISTOPHER Crum,
HUNTINGTON, L, 1,, Nov, 29.

 

Extending the Idea.
Stella—I see Kubelik insured bis fingers for
$56,000.
Kella~Wonder what it would cost to Insure the
third finger of my left hand?

 

The Family Reunion.
With forty nluth cousins
l'rom mountain and sea,
Here's hoping the turkey
And fam\ly agree.

 

Mark Twain at Seventy.
From the Connecticut Magazine
Dear Mark, you've reached the allotted age:
Your years you've given to ligaiening others’
cares;
_ In Jovialty the gray has tinged your hairs;
You've giaddened hearts, and yet your wisdom sage
Has saved us many a plight.

We've learned to look for sunshine In your face!
Ah, often have you driven the tears away;
The debt we owe you we can ne'er repay
Your cheering words have been a world's solace,
A Dright star in the night.

We lpugh--we laugh--we laugh—laugh—laugh
At mention of your name;
| And laughter Is your surety of fame,

The years now claim you, and we can
| But simply “t ‘ou “Grand Old Man!"
bla bs

Cie TREVBLY MILLER,

oR aendeve

 

A oo ca

THE REPUBLICAN REVOLT,

Inside Views on the Odell-Halpin Indorse-
ment ef Representatiyo Parsons.

To tHe Eptron ov Tie BUN Sirs It was
amusing to read that Mr, Halpin said at the
meeting of the Republican executive com
mittee on Saturday last that the candidacy
of Herbert Parsons represented to @ great
degree the idea in the nilnd of the Repub:
iloan constituency of (o-day~that New York
should govern itself by the election of a
chairman of the county committee unoon-
trolled by any influence or direction outside
of New York,

All good, loyal and sincere Republicans
have the very bighest regard for Mr. Parsons
and know very well that he possesses all the
qualifications necessary to fill the position
of president of the Republican county come
mittee; but did Mr, Italpin have the saine
opinion of Mr. Parsona two years ago, When
certain Tammany Hall repeaters, holding
political jobs in the County Clerk's office
by the grace of Tom Hamilton and the Bir-
roll-Hesg-Hamiiton Clib gang, went Into
the ‘Iwenty-fifth Assembly district on pri-
mary day, and then and there voted and re-
Peated under other men's names, taken from
a list, oltalned at the various polling places
of those who had not yet voted, many ol
Whom were out of town?

And does Mr. Halpin remember that at
the primary in 1904 this dame gang from
the County Clerk's ofica was under orders
to wo into the district and vote and repeat as
they did the vear previous, and how three
tepublicans from an outside district called
on Mr. Parsons at hia headquarters on Broad-
Way (wo nights before the primary and noti-
fled him of the fact, and the warning notice
Which appeared in the presa the following
morning, Which had the eflect of keeping the
ang away from the district?

he Hamilton Club on West Twenty-sixth
the purpose of
orimaries and

 

Street was organized for

fighting Mr. Parsons at the f
for the further purpose of booming Tom
Hamilton for Mayor. ‘To show how sincere
Mr. Halpin was in the election of Mr. Jerome,
right in his own Ninth Assembly district
some of his men were Working oheuy for
Osborne: and if Mr. Halpin's friends wish to
take the matter up, proof can_be furnished
that Mr. Jerome was tipped off at his head-
quarters the night before election by two
prominent Republicans and business men
of the Ninth Assembly district. Thé@ result
Was that Mr. Jerome carried the district by
a substantial plurality, while Halpin's can-
didates for Assembly and Alderman finished
third in the race. REPUBLICAN

NINTH ABSEMBLY Distnict, Nov. 29.

 

What the Party Needs.

To Tre !prror or Tuk SuN—Sir: When
our bodies are sick we purge ourselves, and
the result is satisfactory. Sometimes the
medicine needed is very bitter, but all the
same we have to screw up our courage and
swallow it. Otherwise the disease gets the

upper hand,

Just so is it to-day with our party in this
State and in some other States, The Repub-
lican body politie Is sick; as sick as it can
well be and live, It is nobody's fault but
our own, Years of prosperity under Repub-
lican rule have led to Republican
in more ways than one,
complacently swallowing. draught
draught of prosperity we have forgotten to
strain the liquor before drinking it. Conse-
quently we have taken into our party stomach
a horde of parasites. These have nurtured
in our warmth, until we are, in this State
particularly, almost eaten up by them.

Our Republican body politic needs purging,
and needs it badly. From the last campaign
we have the vood result of two doses of
medicine, which, while hard for us hidebound,
orthodox Republicans to take, were swal-
lowed by ua,

But this is only the beginning of our cure,
Hordes of parasites still infest our body politic
and must ha purged out, every one of then,
if even we nave to swallow rivers of hyssop,
Wormwood and gall to effect the purging,

Shall we, the “sons of a noble house,” con-
tinue to disgrace our heritage and destroy
our house by supinely remaining under the
control of sueh parasites as Odell and the
men he puts forward for responsible office
in our party?

It is not Boss Odell's fault that by holding
the office of chairman of our State committee
he is able to run things his own way. It is
our fault that by ignoring primaries and
letting ‘Tom, Dick and Harry be elected as
delegates to our State conventions we have
played right into the hands of Bosses, big
and little, who manipulate our political assets
for their own advantace while we sleep or else
complacently smoke our pipee and prate
about “the grand old party.” M.D

HARLEM, Nov, 28,

 

Two Big Jobs for One Man.

To THE Epiton or The Stx-Sir' When
will the Republican party of this city begin
to do things right? Representative Herbert
Parsons might make an excellent president
of the county committee, but he is about to
enter on his duties as a member of Congress,
and he owes it to hia constituents to devote
all his time tothe fulflment of those duties,

It is @ question whether a Representative
in Congress who is the chosen of the people
of his district has any moral right to manage
the affairs of a political party at the same
tine, Itcertainly is not consistent with recent-
ly expressed ideas on civil service reform,

Besides, how can he fill both offices? This
is not merely an honorary office. The duties
of the president of the county committee are
such as require his presence here every day
aud night, Sundays not excepted. The office
cannot be managed from Washington by
mail, by telephone or telegraph; not even
by the wireless. Lemuel FE. Quigg, with all
the executive ability he possesses, tried this
some years ago, and we remember how he
Came to grief. Since then the duties of this
olfice have become far more onerous.

Is there not any amount of available tim-
ber in the county committee to choose from?
Why should such an important office be given
to a man who already has one?

It does not matter under which Bors Mr.
Parsona is training: that part of the subject
ought to be waived, and the matter con-
sidered solely on its merits. The fact is that
he is biting off more than he ean chew, and
I predict that he cannot serve both these
masters faithfully. GEonGEe FENTRICK,.

New York, Noy, 28.

 

 

Far Eastern Notes.

The Japanese paper Asami Shifmyun says that
In consequence of the financtal engagements into
which the Government has entered It will be use
less to expect the abolition of the spectal war taxes
at the end of December, 1906, as provided by law,
The Government would only have to Impose other
taxcs to take their place, so that there would be no
difference in the end,

The evacuation of Manchurla by the Japanese
is reported to be golng on so rapidly that It is ex-
pected that the army will all be out of the country
by April next. Some 150 transports are engaged
embarking the returning troops at Talren, formerly
Dalny, Port Arthur and Corean ports, and trans-
porting them to MaJl, Ujina and Hyogo.

It is reported at Nagasaki that the Russian sick
and wounded now tn Siberla and Manchurla will
be brought to that place for treatment and recuper
ation on account of the milder climate. The Rus-
sian naval hospital and establishment at Nagasald
being Inadequate for the purpose, General Daniloff,
who 18 chief of the Russian misston for receiving
the prisoners now in the hands of the Japanese, is,
It Is sald, arranging for an extension of accommo
dation,

A revised list of the Russian prisoners tn Japan
at the beginning of November shows that there
were 71,974 of all ranks. The oMccrs numbered
1,498, and the men 70,535, Of the total 1,921 were
patients In varlous hospitals,

It ig sald that in the reorganization of the Japa
nese army resulting from the late war provision {ts
to be made fur Sts Increase by several divistons,
It Is also stated that the Japanese Government tn
tends establishing Aarus for improving the breed
of Japanese horses for army service. The studs
will be recrulted from Furopean countries, mostly
from Hungary, and she total cost is estimated at
about $10,000,000

The arms and ammunition reported to have been
captured by the Japanese during the war include
190,000 rifles, 50,000,000 cartridges and some 700
guns of all kinds, the §-Inch quickfirers being of
the latest pattern.

Pekin reports state that the Chinese Government
purposes enforcement of the oplum monopoly law
throughout the Chinese empire, taking the Japa-
nese system tn Formoaa as tts model, The profit,
it is estimated, will be about 200,000,000 tacis an-
nually, which will form a spectal fund to be applied
to the organization and maintenance of the Pet.
yong and Nan yang armics. This sum is equaito
about $126.000,000,

The German railway guards on the ratlways in
the province of Shantung, China, will, it Is reported,
be withdrawn early in the coming year,

It Is Intended to hold a great military review tn
Tokio In April next, after the return of the last
of the troops from Manchurla, Representative
detachments from all the divisions and corps that
took part In the war will participate tn ft, and spe
celal honors wMl be paid to those companies that
received kanjo, letters of apprectation, for thetr
achievements during the campalgn,

A bew Japanese torpedo boat destroyer, named
the Asakuzl, was launched early in November by
the Kawasakl Dockyard Company, This vessel as
of a special model and has a displacement of e&u
tons, about double the usual size of boats of that
class. Its Indicated horse-power 1s 6,000, and
speed 20 knots, which qualines i to serve alsu as a
fleet scout,

misrule |

As we have been |
after |

 

 

at OO le i NN A AU a ct

TABLET OF THE NORTHWEST

Pat Up tn the Northeast on the Wall of the
SuleTreasury.

A new bronze tablet was unveiled yesto:
day at the Sub-“Treasury Building foo
battalions of the Kighth Regiment, a vat
talion of marines from the navy yard ay!
350 New York copa were in the parade

The tablet conmemoratos the great Or
nance of 1787, passed by Congress on t) 4
site, to establish the Northweet Territe
The tablet is about sixteen feet above tia
sidewalk on the Wall atreet front, and neve
the corner of Nassau street. The ©}
Company of Associates, 8 historical reis
of 1787, presented it.

In the beginning Gen. Frederick |)
Grant, with the troops from Governo
Island and the marines, met the speake*
at the City Hall and escorted them to Wa.)
street in perfect safety. There wasa litte
bunch of tnen in Continental uniform fron
the Washington Guard and Minute Men
and two bands, besides the police. They
got to the Sub Treasury a little before 2
o'clock, the speakers took seats below toa
Washington statue and the  ceremorn oes
began.

rank R. Lawrence, as chairman, intr
duced Williatn W, Mills fo present the tal,
let. Mr. Milla is vice-president of the Qlio
Company. He explained the history co
nected with the tablet. Then after sora
music by the Eighth Regiment Band, Ham)|-
ton Fish, Assistant Treasurer of the Unite
States, accepted the tablet in two sentences.
Lieut.-Gov. Bruce, accepted it in rather
more. Finally Charles V. Fornes rtill fig
ther accepted it for the city. Gen. Stewart
L. Woodford delivered an oration

The inscription on the tablet, which
explains its historical meaning, is as follows

On this site the United States in Congress
assembled, on the 13th day of July, in tha
year of our Lord 1787 and their sovereign’
and independence the twelfth, enacted an
ordinance for the Government of the terr-
tory northwest of the river Ohio, by whim
it was dedicated forever to Freedom. Under
another ordinance, passed here by the save
body on the 27th day of the same month,
Manasseh Cutler, acting for “The Ohio Com.
pany of Associates,” an organization
soldiers of the Revolutionary army, p:
chased froin the Board of Treasury for se''
ment a portion of the waste and vacant lang
of the territory. On April 7, 1788, fi
Putnam, heading a party of forty-
began the first settlement at Marietta,
on July 15, Arthur St. Clair as first Govern,
established civil government in the terr-
tory. From these beginnings sprang tt) 4
States of Ohio. Indiana, Illinois, Michigin
and Wisconsin,

 

 

WON'T SACRIFICE PARI TRYES,

Commissioner Kennedy Opposes Piathosh
Avenue Subway Plans.

Park Commissioner Kennedy of Broo.

lyn, Comptroller Grout, J. Edward Swa.-

strom, William C. Redfield of the Broosiva

League and Chief Engineer Rice of tha
Rapid Transit Commission, the special
committee to consider a way ou of the

difficulty of providing for the Fiathish
avenue extension of the subway with it
encroaching upon Prospect Park, confers
yesterday with Mayor McClellan. [i
understood that Commissioner Kennedy
repeated that while he was in olice he
would never consent to the destruction of
the 200 or more trees which would follow
the construction of sidings under the Qcean
avenue front of Prospect Park, Mr. Ken-
nedy believes that plans can be made for
sidings at some other place than under tha
park. So far as could be learned no dejsion
was reached. It was determined to leave
the whole matter to be settled at a special
meeting which has been called by e
Rapid Transit Commission for Monday next.

od
3

 

FOR EDUCATION BOARD.

Mayor MecClelian Retires Willlam Harke
ness of Brooklyn.

In filling yesterday the vacancies on ths
Board of Edu ation caused by retiremen:,
by rotation and resignation, Mavor McCie'-
lan made six reappointments and named
four new members. Among the members
who were not returned to the beard waa
William Harkness of Brooklyn, who has
beena member sin. 61879,and who for sever.
years was chairman of the Commitice 04
Sites. The new members in Manhatre:
William N. Wilmer, ‘Thomas J. 0'} «
hue, Clement March and ©. J. Sula
Lhe last will take the place of Pa:
McGowan, elected President of th
of Aldermen. Robert L. Harrison
appointed. Thotnas J. Higgins ot
Bronx is another reappointee, f).0 1)
vacancies in Brooklyn are to be file |
Mitchell May, George Freifeld, w!
ceeds Mr. Harkness, and Joseph }. (+
Riuye) reappointed. Alrick H. Mu
een reappointed to fill the one va u a
(QJueens.

LEGAL

it Is Gratistothe Poor, but It le Upto tie
Rest to Pay the Eapcenses.

The Legal Aid Society, which wa. est: >-
lished to give gratuitots advice and lecat
assistance to deserving poor, has been
ing efRcient work for thirty years. It nas
recovered and paid to its clients over $!.
000,000 which without its aid would hae
been withheld from 200,000 working peo
As compared with 200 cases handied in
1876, it took care of nearly 25,000 in is
The five offices, situated in diferent paris
of the city where they are most neede!
are doing efficient work emong the Jews,
Russians, negroes, servan's, sailors ani
ether needy persons,

Arthur von Briesen is president of |
society, while among the vice-presids
are Theodore Roosevelt, Elihu Root, Jos:
H. Choate and Andrew
society is supported by
These contributions, however, fail to co’
the growing expenses and $2,500 more i3
needed to complete the work for Decemtr!
Checks sho’.ld be mailed to the treasurer,
Louis Wine muller at 20 Reade street.

Sixty-ninth and Seventy-fourth Regiments
to Have Twelve Compantes Bach

ALBANY, Nov. 20.—Adjutant-General
son H. Henry to-day notified Col, Edward
Duffy of the Sixty-ninth Regiment, Nev
York city, and Col. George (, Fox of thf
Seventy-fourth Regiment, Buffalo, that
Gov. Higgins had approved their apy!
tion for the organization of an additi ial
company in each cf there regiments |
Sixty-ninth Regiment now has nine «
panies, and its new armory will have « -
commodations for twelve, which is 1h8
regimental organization preseribed }y 19
b the War Department regulat.
The Seventy-fourth Regiment has
eight companies at preeens while its ar
mory can accommodate twelve, The a -
plication of this command for the organi is
tion of an additional company has tern
pending for some time.

— $$ $$

   

AID SOCIETY'S WOr'N

2
its
ny
’

Carnegie. Tt
contributions

er

}

The Interstate Commerce Commifssion

To tHE Epttor or Tur Stn—Sir: [194
could hardly be a better object lesson )
the ability of the Interstate Commer»
mission to establish rates than ita a!
to force, certain railroads to make thie >
rate for transportation of live stuca | %t
prevails for dressed beef

It is the aim of the railroads to cet!
out of the earning capacity of a cart
A car filled with live stock would
one-third as much as one loaded wit
beef: and the difference might be eve
If the commission uses po better
than this, what might not be expe
more complicated cases Were pres:

While Judge Bethea did not «
point here raised, as it was not
yet the laek of ability in this directs
part of the commission was made ver 4
Spicuous, CHARLES BO Wautitss

Hantrornp, Noy, 28.

,

meces-49h,

 

The December number of the Cour?
is the last which willappear under thatnans
after the periodical will be combined wi!
Life in America, to the advantage of by
and of their readers, The {ilUstratio's
Christmas number are very gyod.

meme *

 

 

 

SS SN eR A Ae OR

=“ V3 - SDKs CU St -=-

anns Se

=