Se ene = ere ee

pool SETTLES DAMAGE SUIT,

ILLEGALLY VINED A LAWYER
POR CONTEMPT,

Merenpon the Lawyer Siucd the Magis-
trate for $2,090 Damages Lawyer
Had ‘Bold Him He Was Procseding Une
(nirly anil Without Warrant of Law,

Magistrate Joseph Pool, whosa eccen-
trie tias on the beneh have resulted in a
movement to remove him from his place,
found it desirable on ‘Tuesday to settle a
quit for tort brought against him by Charles
stein, an attorney of 802 Broadway, on the
{that (ha Magistrate illegally fined
Rtein for contempt of court and disorderly
eondust on February 26, 1902, After his re-
legae Uj on Habeas corpus proceedings Stein
sued the Magistrate for $2,000 damages.

The case caine up before Justice McCarthy
of the City Court on Tuesday, It was |
represented that Magiatrate Pool was 60 |
busy hearing cases of his own that he could |
pot attend. Justice MeCarthy put the case
off until yesterday morning for trial, When
it waa called yesterday it was announced |

ready December

groun

TIFFANY & Co.

Christmas Gifts for Europe |

| Fifth Avenue & 37% Street

 

To insure delivery by Christmas,
gifts to be sent abroad should be

11th for ship-

ment on steamer sailing not later
than December 13th

 

in court that the case had been discon-

tinued without costs to either sido, As: | == ieee nee ere — aonanae as
‘ ; ‘ gag al : j en aa

sistant Corporation Counsel Stover ap | BOOKS AND AUTHORS. law which Mr. Hyde prepared and carried |

peared] for Magistrate Pool, Mr. Stein's
lawyer was Jacob Fromme. It was agreed |
by all persons concerned not to say any- | selling” Mrs. Thurston still leads with “The
thing about the settlement, All Mr. Stover | Gambler,” McCutcheon's “Nedra” comes
would say was | in for the second place, and Mrs, Wharton's

*The case has been marked off. I don't | “House of Mirth” takes the third ribbon
think it will come up again. I shall not | “Rose o’ the Rivers,” “My Friend the Chauf-
tay anything more about it, because Magis- | feur,” and “The Man of the Hour” complete
trate Pool has troubles enough now without | the list of favorites. There is an interest-

 

   

adding to them.”

Mr. Fromme was equally ailent. |

*I am pledged,” he said, “not to give |
any information about the cage.”

The settlement was said to be for a cash
consideration, but for a sum considerably |
less than $2,099

The alleged contempt occurred in the
Yorkville court, where Magistrate Pool was |
presi ue on February 26, 1902. A man
named David Cohen was charged with
attempted burglary and Mr. Stein was de-
fending him. Cohen had been held for
nearly six days without a hearing and |
Magistrate Pool wanted to hold him for a
longer time. Mr. Stein demanded a hearing
or the discharge of his client, Magistrate
Poo] refused to grant either. Mr. Stein,
according to the record on file with the |
County Clerk, then said to him |

“If your honor please, | move to diaoharge |
the complaint upon the ground that it 1s

 

 

ing fact connected with the “best sellers,”
and that is that they represent the literary
taste of the day more accurately than is
generally supposed. The great book boom
following close upon the new and commer-
cial methods introduced into the book
trade in which the widely advertised phe-
nomenal sales of books still further in-
creased the demand for them was followed
naturally by a corresponding depression
wherein “the best sellers” were regarded
with disfavor by people of literary acumen
and discrimination. But this season the
reaction has set in, the book market quota-
tions are continually rising and the consen-
sus of opinion among book publishers is
that “the best sellers” are no longer under
the ban, but that they owe their prominence
to the discrimination of the critics as well

In the Bookman's list of the month's “beat
|
|
|
|
|

}

 

tot shown that any crime was committed | 48 to the sagacity of the advertisers.

, upon the further ground |

has been here for that very |
}

by this defenda
that the witness
purpose for forty-eight hours and that your
proceeding is entirely unfair and without |
Warrant ia law.” |

Magistrate Pool shouted |

“If you don't take that back I will make |
a charge against you and lock you up to-
night.’

Mr. Stein refused to take back what he !
had said and the Judge shouted to the |
cerk |

“Draw a complaint against this man.”

The clerk was doubtful as to what kind |
of a complaint to make and the Magistrate |
himself naw up one ch rging Mr. Stein |
with disorderly and contemptuous conduct, |
Then he proceeded to hear the case himself, |
eithough he had neither signed nor sworn
tothe complaint. When he was told that he
should send the case to another Magistrate |
he said the case was one of contempt of
court and therefore he could pass on it |
himself, This is the complaint that the
Magistrate drew up for his own considera-
“ion

 

 

 
 
   

Joseph Pool, Magistrate presiding in the
Fourth distriet, City Magistrates’ Court, First
division, being duly sworn, savs that on the j
28th day of February, 1902, at the city of New |
York, in the county of New York, at about
4.30 o'clock P. M., Charles Stein (now here) |
Was in the court house of the above court, |
using threatening, abusive and insulting \
words with intent to provoke a breach of
the peace. ani whereby a breach of the peace
might b asioned, that said defendant,
Charles Stein, in open court did then and there |
make the char . charging the Magistrate |
with act riv and illecally in open |
court, ¢ the Mawistrate gave him |

an opportunity to take back what he had |

eaid and io refused to do so, in violation of
the board rules, and was guilty of contempt.
tons conduct in the presence of the court |

in stating, “and your proceedings are entirely

unfair and without Warrant in law.” |
Mr “rein summoned Jacob Fromme to

defend him. Mr. Fromme insisted that the |

com laint be signed. Magistrate Pool re- |
fusealtosi.nit. Mr. Fromme said to him:

“You are taking a great risk, Judge.”

“It doesn't matter,” replied Magistrate
Pool, “I fine him $10 for disorderly con- |
duct in my presence, sir, to-day in court
io my presence.” \

The Magistrate refused to give Mr, |
Fromme any further chance to be heard, |
but he cave Mr. Stein until the next day |
at 3o'clock to pay the fine. He put Stein
under technical arrest by having a police- |
man in court lay hands on Stein and tell |
him he was under arrest andthen he paroled |
Stein until the next day in custody of Mr, |
Fromme |

Mr, Fromme got owt a habeas corpus |
and Justice O'Gorman decided that the |
Magistrate's course was illegal and dis- |

missed Mr, Stein from custody. — Mr. |
Stein did not pay his fine and sued for |
Gamages

 

MRS. ANTHONY CARED VOR,

Readers of the “Christian Herald’ Wil
Give Her #7 a Week for Life.

A report came out yesterday that Mrs.
Mary Anthony, mother of Bill Anthony,
one of the heroes of the battleship Maine |
& the time of the explosion, had applied
to Poormaster Harry lL. Barck of Hoboken |
for assistance. Mrs. Anthony lives
& Jefferson gtreet, that city.

The story came to the attention of Mrs.
Mary Sargent Hopkins of the editorial |
Staff of the Christian Herald. It surprised |
ber considerably, as the Christian Herald |
has leen jaying Mrs, Anthony $7 a week |
for her support since last May and will |
continue todo so until her death. Mrs.

opkins went to Hoboken to sea Mrs. |
tothony and investigate. Mra, Anthony |
a she had gone to the poormaster and |
ei for a ton of coal to which she was |
She we is a regularly enrolled destitute.
R stcelved several tons of coal last winter.
beans however, no wish to deprive the

She : estituite of anything they needed.
Bae old Mrs, Hopkins that the Christian |
eon Peo Mie Had told her not to make it |
sy tie she was receiving aid from |
nent A . ley wore afraid that the money
Deichbe orrowed from her by her needy |
to ai rs. Mrs. Anthony does not wish
ie nown as destitute any longer, how- |
theca; te, Wrote, the following letter to

éditor of the Christian Herald:
naan tn i Dtron’ [ wish to state that the |
Glhains ds ' Vere recently published of my
theaie; Gestitition are not true; neither is
aement that [do errands for the neigh- |
my crippled son. He is crip-
le to earn his own living; but,

 

{
at |

T8 to support
Dled, but js at

fnnot support me |
My war :
frig ane are supplied by the kindness of |
nds, reade :
hava i" readers of the ¢ hristian Hera d, who |

Aken ef

who y rere of me since last May, and
tify oe bee. for mie as long as it is neces-
: Many ANTHONY,
Lawyer rota for (ie Grand Jury for Pene
4 slon Frauds,
Bighe RADM. N. Y., Nov. 20.—John W.
Grea ic lawyer of this city, who is under |
whi apie with forging pension papers,
tlesloner to before United States Com-
afternoon oucks in Schenectady this
Was held te He pleaded not guilty, Eighmy
States i AWait the action of the United
in Januar” ay, which meets in Utica
1000 to "gs ¢ ye bail was reduced from |
yet 000, which Eighmy has not |

been able
: to secure. i
Sehenectady county jail, 9 is in the

 

| on the text “He that regardeth the day

{
\
|
| and eighteenth centuries, was a friend of |

| her recent book, “Il Libro d'Oro,” contains

Dr. van Dyke's holiday book is entitled |
“The Spirit of Christmas” and contains
in attractive form his latest expression
of the spirit of the festival. The first chap-
ter in the book he calls “A Dream Story—
Christmas Angel.” This is fellowed by a
practical and suggestive essay on “Christ~ |
mas Giving and Christmas Living.” A
short sermon called “Keeping Christmas,” |

regardeth the Lord,” and two Christmas
prayers, “A Christmas Prayer for the
Home” and “A Christmas Prayer for Lone-
ly Folks,” conclude the book.

The autobiography of Alfred Russel |
Wallace will be published soon under the
title of “My Life: A Record of Fvents and
Qpinions.” The publication of the auto-
biography of a man who was prominent
in the great scientific movement of the last
century, which brought forth Darwin,
Spencer and Huxley, of one who preceded
these men and has outlived them, is a literary |
event of unusual importance. Mr. Wallace
is the author of “Darwinism,” “The Won-
derful Century” and “Man's Place in the
Universe.”

 

|

The author of “The Ballington,” whose |
real name is Francis B. Potter, is a member |
of the faculty of the University of Minne- |
sota and is spending a year in Cambridge, |
England. The book, although a “first novel,”
has already gone into a second edition |

Mrs. Francis Alexander, who at the age
of 93 devotes her leisure to translating and
engrossing the mira‘le stories and sacred
legends written by fathers of the Church
and published in the sixteenth, seventeenth

Ruskin during his stay in Florence. Mrs.
Alexander's painstaking handwriting, in
apite of her advanced age, is as legible as
typewriting, and her industry and ability
for work are demonstrated in the fact that

more than one hundred translations of

ancient stories

John C. Reed, Esq., the author of “The
Brothers’ War,” which deals with the slavery
question and the present conditions of the
South, is a well known attorney at law in
Atlanta, Ga. He is a Princeton graduate
and during the Civil War was a captain
in the Fighth Georgia Volunteers. His
“Old and New South,” published in 1876, |
gave evidence of the calm and-dispassionate
spirit concerning the great Southern failure
which inspires the new volume concerning
the causes of the great conflict and ita con-
sequences.

Miss Frances Nimmo Greene and Miss
Dolly Williams Kirk are cousins as well as
collaborators in the writing of “With Spurs

 

 

of Gold,” which tells the stories of knights |
!

of many lands from the legendary achieve-
ments of Roland and Oliver to the romantic
deeds of Sidney. This collaboration in |
literary labor is the natural outcome of |
sympathetic tastes and identity of avoca-
tion—both writers being teachers. They
are also members of the samo literary |
society, and the prize offered by the Ala~ |
bama Federation of Women's Clubs for the |
best paper written during the year was won
the first year by Miss Kirk, the second year
by Miss Greene

 

A significant parallel may be drawn bs-
tween the work of the two peasant writers
recently brought into prominence—Maxim
Gorky and Peter Rosogger. Both are
children of ignorant parents, to whom edu-
cation was a self-accomplished task and
literary genius an inherent quality rather
than adeveloped faculty. Gorky was a
child of the slums, Rosegger a son of the
soil, Gorky revels in pictures of slum life
and human viciousness, Rosegger's inspira-
tion leads him along heights of ideality
and religious mysticism—all of which will
be of interest to those interested in the
effect of environment upon character.

Theodore Andrea Cook, the author of
“Old Provence,” is an Englishman who
won fame as an oarsman before he became
known as an author. He rowed number
three in the Oxford crew of 1889 after hav-
ing captained his school crew as well a3 his |
football team. Since then, besides writing |
books, he has been the editor of the St,
Jainca's Gazette, and is now attached to the
staff of the Daily Telegraph. His new book
is designed to open up the southern part of
France to the tourist as “Old Touraine”
has made the valley of the Loire known to
the crowds of tourists, bicyclists and auto-
mobilists who each year travel through
that region,

 

The second article of the insurance series
appearing in the World's Work tells the
story of Henry B. Hyde and of how he and
Chauncey M. Depew started the New York
“insurance lobby” almost forty years ago |
and how the amendment to the Insurance

 

| bad as they may be, are mild compared

| pens to represent the black vote.

| his occupation every ten years
of 16 he ran away to sea and made

| assets of $259,000, while the books of the
| firm, according to the indictment, showed

through with little if any expense has
practically controlled the insurance affair

Mme. Emma Calvé has taken up a
new réle. She appears among the contrib-
utors of the Christmas Critic as the writer
of an article on “Provencal Troubadours
and the Courts of Love.”

|
|
}
of New York from that date to this. |
|
|
|

The language of |

Provence, once epoken by queens and |

chanted by minstrele, but now used only by

shepherds, has been restored to its proper |

literary value by such men as Alphonse
Daudet and Frederick Mistral, The renais-
sance of Provencal language, literature and

song is described in a more profound and |

learned manner by Mme, Calvé, of whom
one would expect something in lighter
vein and dramatio rather than ponderous in
style

Frederick Chamberlin says that every |

statement made in his novel
String Country” regarding the election
day incidents in the Eleventh Alabama |
district is based upon actual occurrences, |
the evidence of which has been filed at |
Washington. The story is written around |
the present political situation in the so-
called “Black Belt® of Alabama, and accord- |
ing to its statements Northern politics,

|
with the Southern brand, which endangers |
the life of the political nominee if he hap-
Mr.
Chamberlin's new book, entitled “Around i
the World in Ninety Days,” is a volume af |
travel illustrated with over 800 reproduc- |
tions of photographs taken by Mr. Cham- |
berlin himself. |

Morgan Robertson, the author of “Sinful
Peck,” “Down to the Sea,” &e., has changed
At the age
two
journeys round the world, shipping as cabin
boy and filling in the course of the decade
nearly every post on shipboard, Forthe next
eight years he followed the trade of a watch
maker and an expert cutter and setter of
jewels. He next turned to literature and
since 1896 has written much fiction founded
01 the facts of his experience. Now he
has invented and patented some clever
devices to add to the efficiency of submarine
boats, and hes declared that “Land Ho!"
recently published, {s his farewell to litera-
ture.

The translation “of “Lotters of Henrik
Ibsen” is tha joint work of John Nilsen

Laurvik and Miss Mary Morison, a niece | }
; | cided yesterday by a divided vote that it

of William Archer. Tho letters extend
over a period of more than fifty years and
provide a direct presentment of the man
during the changing conditions of his life
and of his friendships, together with much
of both biographical and literary intereat
that has never before been made public,

Explanatory notes supply the omissions |
in the correspondence and make of the |
book a continuous and striking autobiog- |
raphy of special value, in consideration |

of the dramatist's failing health and ad-
vanced age. Ibsen began life as a chemist's
apprentice, went to Christiania to study
medicine, became a director of the theatre
in Bergen the following year and later
became director of the theatre in Christiania.
In Germany the foundation of his universal
fame was laid, though it was a Norwegian
who first thought of translating Ibsen's
works into German—John Grieg, a brother
of Edward Grieg, the composer. Ibsen's
plays are performed in Germany oftener
than those of any other playwright, as well
as in hisown country, and have long yielded
him a goodly incoma.

BATHS FOR THOUSANDS,

 

FREE

New City Establishment on Allen Street
Open for Business,

One thousand more an hour can now
bathe in marble halls, resplendent with
shining brass trimmings, beneath capacious
skylights, in porcelain tubs or under aqueous
showers, and all for the round sum of noth-
ing, so they supply their own soap and
towels.

They can get all this, and filtered water
to bathe in, too—which BroAbly is the most
remarkable luxury in the city—at the new
city baths at 133 Allen street. Tho baths
were opened for inspection yesterday after-
noon. The building, of brick and granite
trim, occupies two city lots, It cost $92,000
and it is a model of its kind.

The Hours are from 6 A. M. to 9 P. M.,
and if the other city baths on Rivington
street, West Forty-first street and East
109th street may be taken as acriterion, this
new plant will furnish fun and cleanliness
to about 5,000 people a day—which is far
below its theoretic capacity. There are
in all 105 showers and dressing rooms and
sixteen tubs.

There was no formal opening, though
Superintendent of Public Pulling William
H. Walker was present and told of the
workings and success of the city bath sys-
tem. Two new baths on East Elpventh
street near First avenue and East Seventy-
sixth street near the John Jay Park will be
opened about the end of next month, and
one on Sixtieth street near Eleventh avenue
will be ready about the close of January

FALSE CREDIT INDICTMENTS.

 

Johp J. Dunphy, Tanner, and Elis Manager,
DeWitt, Arrested.

John J. Dunphy, who was in business

under the name of John J, Dunphy & Sons,

“In the Shoe |

 
 

PUBLICATIONS,

PLPAPPALSD |

 

 

THEODORE
ROOSEVELT’S

Outdoor Pastimes of an
American Hunter

The interest never flags. A healthy,
manly, unconventional spirit pervades
the work.—N. Y. Eve. Sun.

tllustrated, §.00 net; post., 25 cents

CASPAR WHITNEY'S
Jungle Trails and Jungle People

“If the palm might be awarded to the American writer of the
most fascinating stories and sketches of travel in the bypaths of
the world it would go to Caspar Whitney.""—Céveland World-News.

Mliustrated, §&.00 net; post., 23 cents
HENRY VAN DYKE’S

Fisherman’s Luck

“This volume, the perfection of binding and print, offersa gift
book that will be treasurea by all enthusiasts in the sport of
fishing." —Louisville Courter-Journal,

   
   
   
   
     
   

 

 
      
      
       

 

PUBLICATIONS,

Can You Tell

What man, now aprinceanda pillar | What one phrase of two words, used
of the Russian government, by the President in a recent
used to be a brakeman on an speech, may have wrapped u
American Railway? In it the fate of American poll

What diplomatic victory was lately tics for the next few years?
achieved in Europe that Is re’; Where the finest exhibition of

arded as the most signal Russian art ever made outside
Iplomatic victory ever secured? of Russia can be seen to-day in

What prominent men Inthe South are New York City?
seriously urging the nomination | What man born in the New World
of Roosevelt for the Presidency has been recently pronounced
on the Democratic ticket and “the greatest of all contempor-
his unan!mous re-election? ary French poets’’?

What Governor of a great State,| What modest woman of domestic
prominently suggested for tastes has to be, for State
presidential honors, is the reasons, the ‘most gorgeously
seventh son of a seventh son? attired woman in the world’’?

Answers to these questions appear incidentally in

Current Literature

FOR DECEMBER
Edited by EDWARD J, WHEELER

There ie also a wealth of other information of timely interest and
vital importance, beside a splendid Christmas story by Maxim Gorky.
The ‘‘Review of the World’’ and ‘‘People in the Yoreground” depart-
mente are as entertaining as a novel.

This December issue is beautifully illustrated. The cover was de-
signed by Harry Stoner, and the frontispiece, in three colors, is
worthy of framing.

OUT TO-DAY

 
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
      
        
   
         
       
   
   
   
   
     

Ali Newsstands 25c.

 

   

 

Old Provence

readers,"— The Sun.

Jilustrated. 2 vols.

 

STOCK.

 

SAY BROKER HOLDS

Curted Hatr Company Falls to Get Loan
anil Causes Wheeler’s Arrest.

Ceorge M. Wheeler, a broker of 415 Broad-
way, was in the Tombs police court yester-
day afternoon charged with stealing stock
certificates and notes of the American
Interlaced Curled Hair Company valued at
$210,000. Russell Gray of Philadelphia,
fiscal agent for the company, which is in-

‘ corporated under the laws of New Jersey,

declared that Wheeler had retained $100,000
worth of stock and $110,000 worth of notes

| which had been given him on August 4

 

last aa security for a loan of $10,000, which
he was to negotiate.

The loan, Gray said, was not obtained,
and when the securities were demanded
Wheeler refused to deliver them, Wheeler
pleacled not guilty to the charge and asked
jor an adjournment until December 6.
Magistrate Whitman fixed bail at $2,500.
Wheeler was already under $1,000 bonds
in the Supreme Court, where @ civil action
has been brought against him.

0 ee a A A

May Import Game tn Closed Season.
The Appellate Division in Brooklyn de-

is not unlawful to have game out of season
in this State if the birds have been im-
ported. The case was that of the State
against John Hill, a Brooklyn hotel keeper,
who bought the game, and August Sitz,
who sold it to him. The order reverses
Justice Maddox. Justices Jenks and Miller

GUTICURA GROWS HAIR
Scalp Cleared of Dandruff and Hair

Restored by One Box of
Cutloura and

ONE CAKE OF CUTICURA SOAP

A. W. Taft of Independence, Va.,
writing under date of Sept, 15, 1804,
says: “I have had falling hair and
dandruff for twelve years and could
get nothing tohelpme,_ Finally I bought
one box of Cuticura Ointment and one
cake of Cuticura Soap, and they cleared
my scalp of the dandruff and stopped
the hair falling. Now my hair is grow-
ing as wellas ever, Iam highly pleased
with Cutiesra soap as a toilet soap,
(signed) A. W. Taft, Independence, Va."

 

The multitude of sizes, shapes
and lengths of knit underwear

| made by the American Hosiery
| Co. makes it easy to always se-
‘cure pertect fitting garments.

'

|

 

tanners, at 99 Gold street, was arrested
yesterday on a bench warrant issued by
Kecorder Goff, His manager, Jacob De |
Witt, was arrested at Paterson, N. J., and |
will be extradited. Dunphy was released
in $5,000 bail, furnished by his sisters.
Dunphy and De Witt have been indicted |
for larceny. The specific sum is $7,000, |
although it is ailegey that they got away |
with much more by making false credit |
atatements. Dunphy filed a_ petition in
bankruptey in March. A month _ before
that it is charged that Dunphy
way & Co., note brokers, at 45 Wall street |
to handie promissory notes for $25,000, It |
was represented that Dunphy & Sons had

}

 

that it was insclvent.
Several banks, including the First National |
Bank of Chicago and the Fourth National |
and National Bank of Commerce of this
city, held paper of Dunphy & Sons for
nearly $75,000, 4

\

 

   
  
 

ot Hatha- | g

“No Better in the Word.""
Men's, Women's and Children's Silk,
Meviro, Balbriggan and Natural Wool,
in all weights. Adapted to all cli-
mates and seasons. Every length of
sleeve and drawer, | Non-shrinkable.
Black, Blue and Red Stamps show
relative quality A size to fit every
age and figure, Retailed everywhere,

AMERICAN HOSIERY CO,

WHOLESALE ONLY
108-110 Franklin Street, New York

 

    

“For Holidays”
Handsomest, Lightest
Best Luggage

=(ROUCH &

FirzceRAt?-

| 161 BROADWAY.
1. 688 BROADWAY.

723SIXTH AVENUE
ardrobe ,, Trunks.

Jilustrated in color.

Captain ROBERT F. SCOTT, R. N.
The Voyage of the Discover

“The ablest and most interestin
the present century has given birth.

Jilustrated. 2 vols.
THEODORE ANDREA COOK'S

NEW OPEN AIR BOOKS
|
|

Mr. Cook's book almost opens up a new land, and its excel.
lent and carefully selected illustrations will be new to most

4.00 net; p:sst., 3l cents

g record of travel to which
—Lendon Spectator.

 

THE GOOD OLD CLASSICS (In English) old Fng-
Ish Books, French translations, PRATT, 161 6th

   

   

     

1.50

   
   

LUCILE LOVELL’S

Stories for Young People
ANDY

Andy {s very different from “Little Lord Fauntleroy,” yet
will remind you of him. An unusual and charming story.

THE WALCOTT TWINS

The boy and girl exchange clothes and get mixed up.
funniest book about children since ‘‘Helen’s Babies.”

| At All Book Stores. One Dollar Each.
THE PENN PUBLISHING COMPANY, 923 ARCH STREET, PHILADELPHIA

      
   
 

10.00 net !

 
   
     
  
   

The

  

 

 

 

    
   
   
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Indianapolis, Ind,, Nov. 11.—Literature |
mad is the term used to describe the Ameri- |
can people by J. M. Greenwood, superin- |
tendent of the Kansas City schools, in|
addressing the Town and City Superin-
tendenta’ Association convention.

Supt. Greenwood said that of recent years
the people of this country had developed |
a mania for rosa lng cheep literature, Mas-
terpieces in English, capable of moulding
character arid strengthening intellect, he.
said, were being disregarded more and more
for romance and fiction, whose only claim |
to being called Hterature eo Gn the
fact that they were printed and published |
{in book form.

World History in a New Form and with the Wanamaker Price Saving

Every intelligent man and woman recognizes the necessity of a
knowledge of World History, but few have the patience to pur-
sue the study ‘for the reason that reading the average history with
its dry statements of facts is more or less of a “ grind.”

“The publication of Dr. Lord's brilliant and effective lectures

marks an era in literature, a new province which the author has created

and made distinctively his own. Dr. Lord is neither a biographer nor

a historian. He is an artist who individuslizes epochs and personifies

reat movements. He clothes the dry bones of history with flesh and

lood and moulds its lessons into human form, color and expression. In
analysis, in condensation, in the selection and arrangement of materiai,
he.shews the power and genius of a master.""—Hon, Charles E. Phelps,

Judge of the Bupronts Court.

_ Beacon Lights of History is unique among the world’s writings.
It is history in a new form; it is romance that is reality; it is the
**human” history, the recital of the life stories of the leaders of
every age by one who unites the profundity of the Scholar,’ the
impartiality of the Judge and the accuracy of the Historian with
all the vivacity and charm of the acknowledged Wit and Raconteur.

Instead of a mass of dull data Dr. Lord portrays the lives of
the great so that they really live, and pictures in so graphic a manner
the ways in which they moulded the history of their times as to
leave an impression that is indelible. One cannot forget the vivid
scenes and stirring action with which he fills the pages.

Instead of the history of Rome with Caesar in it he gives us
Caesar —with Rome around him. He has chosen the most brilliant
stars of civilization as subjects, and by them he illuminates the
whole course of history.

In preparation of a single lecture Dr. Lord not infrequently
read or consulted as many as 300 books. But he had the art of it
compressing into a few spirited pages the fire and stress which many,
even the greatest writers, cannot compass in a volume. While the
reader is carried along with the pleasant ease of fiction, he gets the
essence of many learned libraries.

There is no class to which Beacon Lights of History does not
appeal. Specialists use it as a reference work, particularly in con-
nection with the condensed list of authorities for further research,
given at the end of each lecture. Lawyers have declared the
chapter on ‘Moses "’ the ablest article on moral law they have ever
read, and that on ‘ Roman Jurisprudence’ sheds light on the whole
realm of civil law.

“‘T have no time to read,’’ say you? The very class Dr. Lord
writes for. He saves time. His long life of labor along a single line
has winnowed the wheat from the chaff—his peculiar gift.

‘No other man in this country has done more to advarce historical

studies for those who need them most,"' said Prof. Charles Eliiot Norton,
\ of Harvard.

Over five hundred thousand volumes of the work have al-
ready been sold in various incompleted forms—5, 8 or 10 volumes—
and now thatit appears in its final 15-volume form, bringing the work
uite down to the present day, and with the addition of more
than 200 illustrations in photogravure and halftone, the publishers
are able to present the great work in a form as worthy as
its enduring qualities deserve.

 

 

 
          
 
      
   
     
    
   
   
    

The Wanamaker mcthod has just been applied to th

eo sal
of thie very important’ work, Insterd of the customary :
method of naents and general agente with the costiy evetem
of commissions, Wanamaker brings the twork direct from

    
      
     
          
      
   

publésher to reader on the initial payment of OVE
DOLUAR, and the further navn oF 2 See a
ie fifteen months, a plan that makes posscasion of
# within the means of the most modest puree
Tf you cannot come to theReacon Lights”
Counter at the store we will send iow full

   
   

particulars regarding the booke and the filen éf
vou will fill out and return the co. pon in
the corner. See a eee

 
   
      

 

    

  

   
 
  

aerate
Sa

ae ee
cae 2 oes