-

 

SS

See

TS SRI TT aE

SRDS SSNS EN

 

  
 

 

VIGTORY FOR PLAIN GOWNS,

DAUGHTERS OF OI1I0 ELECTION |
WORSE THAN A RECOUNT.

 

Vive Hours Spent in Finding Out Who Got
. the Most of 03 Ballots— Independents
{ Defeat the Social Party —Pleasant
{f Geasions Ahead for Mra, Beokwith. |

The Daughters of Ohio held a heated |
election at the Waldorf yesterday, It took
five hours to count the ninety-three votes
cast. The women known as the “social
party” were beaten by four votes by the
indepsndent ticket, whioh represented the
business women of the society. Mra.
Charles Austin Bates captained the “social
perty.” Mrs. Emma Beckwith, who man-
ages an optical concern downtown, was the
successful leader of the independents.

When the polls opened at 2 o'clock Mrs.
Anna McConnell stationed herself at the
door of the clubroom and said things to
reporters.

“This is a very dignifled body of women,"
began Mrs. Me“onnell, “We'll just cast
our votes and go home, and then we'll send
the Sunday papers word who's elected.
Don’t ask any members any questions
because they can’t tell you about the fight.
But everything is peaceful and dignified.” |

Miss Marie Townsend, whose name was |
not mentioned on the first official ballot,
but who was substituted for the treasurer,
asked the reigning president, Mrs. 0. C
Shayne, to let her talk. Miss Townsend
said that she considered {it an insult to be
placed on that ticket. She was on the other
ticket, she said, and she wanted to express
her opinion of Mrs. Madden, chairman of
the nominating committee.

Mrs. Madden got to her feet.

“I want to say,” said she, “that 1 should
have been, according to the constitution,
the one and only person to see that ballot.
And instead of this, Miss Townsend goes
ahead and takes the whole thing in her
hands and——"

“Order,” demanded Mrs. Shayne.

“I just want to read the letters that Miss
Townsend sent to me,” said Mra. Madden,

Most of the women wanted to hear, but |
Mrs. Shayne stood by the independent |
ticket leaders, and the chairman on nomi- |
nations was not allowed to talk.

“Mrs. Bates goes to too many clubs »|
said one of the independents, “and spends
go much money on her clothes that she |
makes other club women look shabby.” |

 

“Mrs. Bates has a right to spend her
money on her clothes. It belongs to ber,” |
gaid Mrs. Madden. '

“Now, if it had only been her mother-
in-law——"

The elder Mra. Bates stood up, a hand-
gome, tastefully dressed little woman.

“If my daughter is elected,” said she,
“TI shall try to establish for the Daughters
of Ohio a censorship for dress. Maybe
then we can find out what manner of clothes |
a woman should wear to be a club woman, |
particularly the officers. Possibly we can |
find some old style, perhaps the Quaker
gray gowns.” |

Mrs. Charles A. Bates wore a silver gray
doeskin cloth princess gown, richly em-
broidered in gray and pastel pink. With
this she wore a soft pink velvet toque with
a paradise plume. Mrs. Beckwith was |
dignified in a plain blue brilliantine gown |
and blue hat. Mrs. Beckwith was on both |
tickets—on the social as one of the board
of directors and at the bead of the inde-
pendent.

“Ifithadn't rained andifthe women—some |
of the women—hadn't thought that they |
could vote by proxy we surely would have
won," said one of the Socialists. ‘And things |
are going to be run along the chalk line

now. With Mrs, Shayne, if there ever was |
a mistake or a contention about anything |
immediately,

pasmamentary law stopped
ecause Mrs. Shayne would say she had
rheumatism or nerves or was ill. With |
this new adininistration every letter of |
parliamentary law is going to be obeyed

Mrs. Beckwith has hydrophobia.”

The rival candidates left the hotel without
speaking to each other. Mrs. Bates enter
tained at a dinner party at the Waldorf |
last night. ‘The next meeting of the society
will be on the second Tuesday of December,
when the new officers will be installed,

TO RIVAL BOSTON'S ANCIENTS.

The Atbany Burgesses to Go Abroad and
Ca'l on King Edward,

The Albany Burgesses Corps has com-
pleted its plans for an excursion to Europe,
which is to begin on August 2, 1906, and last
thirty-three days. The Burgesses have
chartered the White Star steamer Arabio
for the trip, and the itinerary, beginning |
at New York, will include Queenstown, |
Liverpool, Chester, Stratford-on-Avon, Lon- |
don, Paris, Versailles, Brussels, Waterloo |
and Antwerp, with an optional extension
to Switzerland and Italy.

The Burgesses have decided to go to En-
rope for two reasons. In 1860, when King
Edward VII... then Prince of Wales, visited
them he was elected a life member and |
aaked them fo come over some time. Also

|
|
|

 

there was the example of the Ancient and
Honorables of Boston The Ancients, by |
the way, are going to send along a delega-
tion for the sociability of the thing. When
the Burgesses strike London town the |
Ancients of that burg, too, will send a dele-
gation on to Paris,

The King of Png'!and is going to receive
the Burges-es, and so will President Loubet
and King Leopold, who is a life member of
the corps. The Count René de Rochambaud
is the French life member who will look out
for the Burgesses in Paris.

WILL TELL FRENCH CONSUL.

Fur Coated Man Accused by Cop of Gripping
Girl bys the Arm,

A Frenchman wearing a fur lined coat |
with a fur collar stood in front of the Ma- |
sonic Temple at Sixth avenue and Twenty- |
third street last night. When a good looking |
woman yo'ng came along unescorted
he grabbed her by the arm, doffed his hat
and told her how much he wanted to know
her s

She shook him off and darted across the
etreet. The man followed and again

rasped her arm. The young woman was
yecoming excited when Policeman John
Pierce bobbed up from behind an elevated
railroad pillar

“Tf he's a masher T'll run him in, lady,”
eaid Pierce; “and all you have to do is to
come along and make the complaint.”

“Oh, I couldn't think of going to a police
station,” said the young woman.

“Well, then, I'll make the complaint my-
self,” said the cop

He took his prisoner to the Tenderloin
station, where he said he was Charles Bern-
hard of 11 West Fifteenth street. He was
held on a charge of disorderly conduct.
Bernard says he will tell the French Consul.

 

MBRCY FOR ELLENROGEN,

Gentence of City Marshal Is 2 to 4 3-2
Years in State Prison.

City Marshal Samuel K. Ellenbogen, who
was convicted on Tuesday night of perjury
in an election case, was sentenced yesterday |
to not more than four and one-half years |
and not less than two years in State prison. |
Justice Davy sentenced him in the Supreme |
Court, Criminal Branch. Ellenbogen and {

his friends expected a heavier sentence. |
Bis wife and three children hung around |

|

 

the court room door for hours trying to | Tracy expressed the opinion that a speed of | ¢ , iri . i
} : | ) eams by requiring ten yards instead
get a word with Justice Davy and ask for | two miles a minute will not be made by any | five in three downs.

clemency: |

Justice Davy said he would take into
consideration the jury's recommendation to
mercy. He remanded Ellenbogen to the |
Tombs for ten days to give his counsel
time to apply for a certificate of reasonable
doubt.

Three floaters were sentenced by Justice
Davy yesterday, Albert Farrar and Thomas
McCall to the penitentiary for a year and
Barth Wallece to Elmira Reformatory.
All pleadedguilty.

5

 

 

| apread

| Poggenburge

10. J

| Company H, seratch, W

 
  

————

  
 

AT BILLIARDS,

CLOSE RATTLE

Poggenburg'a Sroond Victory tn the Amae
teur Tourney,

 

Ferdinand Poggenburg defeated Charles |

Conklin of Chicago last night, 800 to 287, In
the third gamo of the amateur billiard tourna-
ment for the Eagle cup at the German Lieder-
kranz. It waa a close game and In doubt
all the way.

The bank wae very close, Conklin win-
ning. He made 10 oounte, then tho balls
and he missed. Poggenburg had
the balls in good position, but missed an easy
carom and retired with % asa starter,

Conklin had to bank clear ocrors the table
to make hia twelfth shot of his second inning.
This acattered the balls and ended the session,
Conklin had the balla close together frequently
in his early innings, but did not hold them
and did not go ahead as rapidly as he should
have done with Poggenburg cracking three
g0080 eggs In sucoersion,

Poggenburg, Ilkely to turn on speed at any
moment, huddled the balls with two shots
in his fifth inning, made 25 points before
the globes parted company and then deployed
softly around the edges at wide stretches
until the run had mounted to 40, Here
he got an alignment and missed a bank in
which the object balls were at @ perplexing
angle. The run put him ahead, but briefly.
Conklin at once topped the run with one of 60,

There was more Jam to his stroke than to
Poggenburg’s, but he kept it toned down
ao that the balls responded to {t as desired
and were not fractious. The terminating
was a close follow, and the cue ball had to be

aimed for the edge of the second ball in order |

o avoid a kiss, The result was that the
ollow on route of the cue ball took It below
the second bail.

The playing was not so brisk tn the next
few innings. Conklin had 101 when Pog-
enburg’s string showed 75, a chain of small
nnings being due to the balls being scattered
and open table shots that failed to gather
them. Poggenburg, however, in his eleventh
Inning gathered tho balla beautifully with
a three cushion hummer, only to miss
abruptly on a simple draw in which the cue
ball was hit too high and stopped dead.

Poggenburg's fourteenth shot of his four-
teenth inning was a stemwinder. The ob-
Ject balls were frozen, one frozen to the end
rail. He maasséd the cue ball around the
object balla to the side rail and got then
coming back —a massé bank showing resource-
fulness, daring and knowledge of technique,
The inning netted 40, and put Poggenburg
ahead again. ‘The score was 161to121. With
a run of &1, coutalning much
billiards, Conklin drew up to
Poggenburg. But he left a set up, and
patted the spheres delicately
for the major part of a run of 40, carrying the
balls from one end of the table to the other
and executing the occasional hard shots with
Bureness

Poggenbire's count was 212 to Conklin's
158 at the ond of the seventeenth inning,
Poggenburg’s position resulta from hard
leaves were excellentt,notably the first of two

within 10 of

counts in the ninbteenth inning, a three eush- |

fon puzzler. Pertinacity Was in evidence in
Conklin's twentieth inning, and between
forcing and coaxing he culled 41 points, the
score being 218 to 206 in favor of Poggenburg.
One inning later Conklin was ahead by 4
solnts, but was behind again when Puggen-
burg finished his half of the inning. Conklin
touched off a buneh of sizzling around-the-
table shots in his twenty-fifth inning and
earned the 18that put him within 16 of Pog-
genburg

The finish was tight and exciting, Poggen-
burg winning tothe accompaniment of cheers
Poggenbiurg now has won two gamer,  Card-
ner has won one and lost one, while Conklin
has lost two and won tone Phe score

Conkiin—10, 12, 1, 14, 4, 60. 3, 2, 4 1, 7,
1, 0, 31, 1, 12, 41, 17, 4, 18, 2, 18, 16, 2, 7, 2
287. Average, 0 6-20. High runs, 50, 41, dt,

Poggenburg -8, 0, 0, 0, 40, 20, 0, 1, 11. 4, 16, 40, 0,
12,49, 1, 2, 4, 21,1, 1,94,8,3,5.0.5. Total,a00. Aver-
age, 10 10-29. High runs, 49, 40,+40.

Referee -Fdward McLaughlin,

10, 0, 1,
fotal

 

 

VANDERBILT ATTENDS GAMES.

Company D, Twelfth Regiment, Holds
Novel and Exciting Events.

Company D, Twelfth Regiment, better
known in National Guard circles as “Vander-
bilt's Company,” because Cornelius Vander-
bilt is the First Lieutenant, held its annual
ball and entertainment at the armory, Sixty-
e2cond atreet and Columbus avenue, last night
Asasort of introductory chapter to the whir
of the light fantastic there was a set of atl.-
letic games in which other companies took
part. Mr. Vanderbilt came in as the games
were under way and for a long time was not
recognized by the spectators, as he has lately
developed a full beard. He was dreased in
the regulation drab uniform with tan leggings

and shoes and made hirnself busy during the |

nigbt. After the games were over he com-
manded Company D in an exhibition drift.

Second Lieut. 1. i. bisher ran olf the games
with e@nsiderable é@clat.

A roller skating race of one mile proved a
novelty, andthe way the competitors twisted
wriggled and spun arotind the floor tieklec
the spectators. Pierce of Company G had his
front rollers shod with short spikes, and the
device helped to take the corners with ad-
Vantage, and he won easily. LL. Donoway,
who is a fullblood Sioux Indian, won the
wheelbarrow race and easily excelled his pale-
face opponents in pushing tthe
vehicle.

60 Yard Novice--Won by William Krelttseck,
Company PD; W. F. Haller, Company G, second,
Hewlll, Company B, third, ‘Time, 71-5 sec-
onds

8&0) Yard Run, Novice —Won by J. Reuling, Com-
pany LD; J. Peter, Company H, ond; G. Smith,
Company G, third Time, 2 minutes 81 seconds

60 Yard Run, Handicap— Won by FP. J, Delorme,
Freund, Company E, 14
10 feet,

 

feet, second; W. Beckman, Company G,
third. Time, 63-5 seconds

600 Yard Run, Handicap—Won by J. H. Gahan,
Company G, scratch; W. J. Callan, Company C, 25
yards, second; L. Donway, Company G, scratch,
third. Time, 1 minute, 28 seconds

220 Yard Run, Handicap- Won by A. Green,

Company G, 18 yards; R. White, Company G, 15
yards, second, F. Freda, Company G, 14 yards,
third. Time, 25 1-6 seconds

440-Yard Run, Novice -Won by Frank A. Biglen,
Company D; J. H. MeLean, Company 1), second;
J. Keefer. Company G, third. Time, 55 seconds.
«One Mile Roller Skates- Won by A. G. Pierce,
Company G: FP, A, Jones, Company 1D, second:
W. Wolden, Company E, third. Time, 6 minutes
27 4 5 seconds,
220 Yard Hurdle, Handicap
man, Samipeny. G, serateh; W, Fruend, Company
FE. 14 yards, second: G, J, Merz, Company A, 10
yards, third. Time, 32 seconds

220 Yard Wheelbarrow Race —-Won by L. Dono-
way, Company G; W, Beckman, Company G, sec-
ond, J. H, Gahan, Company G, third. Time, 50
seconds,

Won by W. Recke

BASEBALL,

New York Nationals Arranging Nonte for
Spring Training Trip.

After a stay in Memphis from
until Mareh 20 on their spring training ont-
ing. the New York Nationals will start on a
trip toa number of other cities before return-
ing home to open the season. They will
play ip Nashville on March 24, In Louisville
on March 31, in Indianapolis on April 2, in
Wheeling on April 5 and at home with Yale
on April 7. Games also will be played with

the Mempnia team, and others may be ar-
ranged with Little Rock, Dayton and Colum-
us.

The world's champions will have two road
uniforms next season, The black suits worn
in the series with the Athletios will be used,
and also gray suits, pernitting a change in
uniform from day to tay onthe road, Secre-
tary Knowles had a_ letter yesterday
the club's new outfielder, Ferguson, pur-
chased from Louisville. In furnishing some
statistics as to his physical proportions
Ferguson said he is 6 feet tall and weighs
187 pounds,

Baseball Notes.

Ferguson, the new outfielder of the New York
Nationals, purchased from Louisville, Is six feot
tall and welghs 187 pounds

The National Commission has decided on the
design for the emblem to be given the Chicago
National League team, champions of Chicago

The design for the emblem was drawn by Charles |

W. Murphy, president of the Chicago club. The

emblems are to be made of one piece of gold, dia- |

mond studded, and typify baseball and Chicago.
They will be ctroularin form and through the centre
will be the letter “Y," to represent
river, which forms that letter of the alphabet be-
fore flowing {nto Lake Michigan

Tracy Searches for Fast Car.
Joseph Tracy sailed for Europe on the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse vesterday em-

 

| powered to buy the fastest racing automobile

he can find abroad. He refused to give the
name of the enthusiast who commissioned
him, but said the car was desired for use
on Ormond Beach next January. In dis-
cussing the coming Florida tournament

car inside the weight limit of 2,204 pounds
He does think, however, that some of the cars
will score milesin3iseconds. As Tracy drove
Dr. H. FE. Thomas's Locomobile, which fin-
ished third in the Vanderbilt race and is an

automobile engineer and designer in addition |

to a great race driver, his views on the speed
guesuen are interesting, A. L. Riker, who
esigned the Locomobile which Tracy drove

last month, was a fellow passenger of Tracy.

 

Tickets for the Army and Navy football game, to
be played at Princeton on Dec. 2, on sale at Spald-
ing's, 126 Nassau St,, and 20-33 West 42d St.—Ads.

‘

ball to ball |

primitive |

March 1 |

from |

the Chicago |

COLUMRIA STUDENTS, ANGRY AT
VACULTY, PROTEST,

Mass Mecting to Be Held, Calling for Re-
vision of Action Abolishing Gridiron
Game—Termod Hasty and Wl Judged
--Many Views on the = Situation.

Columbia University yesterday was
joined in its crusade against football by
New York University. Late yesterday
evening it was announoed that the sister
institution on University Heights
decided to abolish the game of football.
Tho university council held an informal
meeting yesterday afternoon and after
a test vote announced itself as committed
to tho policy of abolising the gridiron game.
Definite action to this end will not be made
until the next meeting of the council, which
will be held three weeks from next Monday.
The recent game between Union College
and New York University was marked by
the death of one of the players on the Union
team, although the young man was in
no physical condition to enter into the
game and owed his death to the further
| irritation of already injured brain tissue.

A whirlwind of indignation swept over
Columbia's undergraduates yesterday be-
cause of the action of the university com-
mittee on student organizations in abolish-
|ing the football agsociation and putting
| an end to the gridiron gamo at the uni-
versity by thelr action of Tuesday even-
ing. At first the sentiment of the students
was one of broad incredulity, but when
they reached the college grounds and
found that the college daily contained the
same news that they had read in the city
dailies their last doubts were dissipated.
| Then expression of opinion of the action

eral idea was that there had been no war
rant for the action. Prominent under-
graduates, especially members of the pres-
ent and former football tearns, were loud
| in denunciation. It did not take long for
mere words to crystallize into action, and
arrangements soon were completed for a

to be held next Tuesday and demand from
the authorities that football be restored

The decision to hold this mass meeting
wasarrived at ata conference of the board
of student representatives, composed of
the presidents of the four classes in thede-

 

of applied science. One of these , Downey

seniors and was on the varsity football
team for two years. The universal senti-

to took ridiculous when the university
lattem;ts to set a lead for others, follow
by abolisihng the game, Columbia, the

| undergraduates think, will be left high and |

dry alone on the top of the hill of talk,

while the other colioges will continue to
| hold off and wait for the action of the rules
committee before committing themselves
to any such radical policy.

The hope that the committee will change
its decision when the rules committee meets

and alters the rules is the one pupae
, hope at Columbia right now, It has been

given out from a source ef good authority |

that such indeed is likely to be the case
if the rules committee apparently rece gnizes
the needs of the situation and rises to the
occasion. With this idea in view
Columbia University football associat
although it will he disbanded on December
31, will hold a meeting next Wednesday to
elect a manager and assistant manager. It
is thought, too, that the condition of Douglas
| Carter, who was hurt in the last game of
| the season with Pennsylvania, will be such
that he will be able to be present at a meet-
ing to elect a captain for next season quite
as if there were to beateam. ‘This attitude
is justified by information from certain
sources which points out that the resolution
simply has disbanded the association and
does not say that if an association is formed
to play another style of game it will not be
recoynized,

On the other hand, Prof. George W.
Kirchwey, dean of the law school and cbair-
man of the university committee last year,
and who was present at
which abolished football on ‘Tneaeday, last
night said

at present played but at the game of Rugby
football however it may be played. There
isno reason to hope that the rules committee,
which has through its cynical indifference
to the manner in which the game was con-
ducted brought it to the point where its
general abolition is only a matter of time,
wil] change the rules suficiently to alter the
character of the game materially. When a
game reaches the point that more and more
astringent rules are needed to prevent the
gentlemen engaged in it from foully assassi-
nating each other then in my opinion there
is only one way to reform it,and that is to
abolish it. For this reason I do not believe
that anv action which the rules committee
may take in the future will have the effect
of reinstating the game at Columbia.”

One thing that the students want to know
is where the money that is in the football
treasury is going to when the team is dis-
| banded. There was a profit from. this
season of about $7,000, it is understood, and
| there was a little more in the treasury,
Where will this $15,000 go to? It cannot be
taken up by the university in any equitable
way, and as there is no general athletic
association there is no athletic interest to
which it can be turned over. Perhaps, as
one student suggested yesterday, it will
be invested so that the income can be used
for scholarships, or else it may be turned
over to the trustees of a fund for pur-
shasing an athletic field.

As a result of the abolition of the game
| a trip to Chicago to see the football game
there to-day between Chicago and Michigan,
for which the football association was
vaying the way of Arthur Aigeltinger,
Baward T. Collins and Richard Smith, was
abandoned. Aigeltinger and Collins are
prominently mentioned as likely men for

 

 

home to Astoria, Ore. It was thought
likely that the trip was being made with
| the idea of Columbia arranging a game for
next year with either Chicago or Michigan,
but this is impossible under present cir-
| cumstances. The men had their tickets
bought and were all ready to leave Tuesday
evening, when the decision of the com-
| mittee was brought to them.

Speaking of Columbia's abolishing of
football, Prof. Judson, acting president
of the University of Chicago, says: “Foot-
ball is a too good a sport to be entirely
abolished from the American colleges,
and the drastie action taken by Columbia
University will undoubtedly be the in-
auguration of a movement which will ulti-
mately result in such modification of the
| game as to eliminate any danger to the

players that may now exist.”

“{ think that is going entirely too far,”
is the opinion of atl dent Northrop of
+ the University of Minnesota regirdin
Columbia's action, “I am not in favor o
the elimination of football. On the con-
trary, I am very stronly in favor of its re-

tention. In my opinion the rules can be so
| amended as to make the plays more open—
more punting and end runs and fewer mass
formations and scrimmages. Thercin lies
tho chief danger of brutality or of foul

Pa a

| “fam inclined to think there is a chance
| for the ten yard§rule to be adopted by the
rules cornmittee,” says Walter Camp, whose
| advocacy of this measure, which would
| have brought about more open play, failed
|} to impress the committee last spring.
| “More open play would be forced on the
of
That would change
| the character of the injuries. It is
that an open field tackle is the hardest

 

kind of a tackle, but in the open field play |

the casual injury may be a sprained ankle

 

‘N.Y. U, STOPS FOOTBALL, 100.

had |

was made Joudly everywhere, and the gen- |

meeting of graduates and undergraduates |

toits place on thelist of sportain the college. |

partments of the college and the schools |

D. Muir, Jr, is president of the science |

ment is that Columbia is going to be made |

the |
on, |

the conference |

~As Lunderstand it, the action of the com- |
mittee is aimed not merely at football as |

the captainey, while Smith was on his way |

true |

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1905...

 

} Can get the game so that the Fup can

seo all of it, public opinion will atop foul
play What slugging there is now goer
on because the crowd cannot see it. Tho
ten ie rule would allow lighter men to
got {nto the game, which would be an ad-
Vantage which some people are ur sing.
Some of the proposed changes aro #0 rad~-
ical that they would practically mao a
new game. What we want is to preserve
the gamo and eliminate the objectionable
features.”

IrHaca, Nov. 20.—The general sentiment
at Cornell is opposed to the abolition of
football, The athletic authorities of the
university, however, are practically unani-
mous in their demand for rule reform.
President Schurman Iteved that the
matter should be considered soberly and
that a conference of the heads of the several
Gouenes counselled by football experts
would be the only certain means of bring-
ing about the desired reforms, He does
not think that the game should be aban-
doned at Cornell. :

Prof, Woodruff, formerly a prominent
member of the «Cornell athletic council,
said to-day: “I think the action of Colum-
bia rather drastic, in view of the circum-
stances. It would seem to me wiser to wait
| until the results from the reforms which
are bound to come can be observed. In
any event the action of the Columbla au-
thorities will tend to hasten the revision of
the rules governing football.”

Rocugster, Noy. 20.—President Rush
| Rhees of the University of Rochester be-

lieves that football should be either re-
formed or abolished, and maintains that in
its present form the game will not be tol-
| erated long,

“L believe,” he said to-day, “that football

| might be made an altogether valuable
and admirable sport. Nothing will

effective, however, until playersand coaches

|

|

 

have a higher regard for fair play and
the honor of gentlemen than they have
for winning. 1 shall welcome most heartily
the efforts which are likely to be e to
eradicate the evils which have associated
themselves with the game.”
| Dr. Rhees is of the opinion that football
| should not be played by preparatory school
teams,

PITILADELPHIA, Nov, 29.—No great furor
| has been created at the University of Penn-
| sylvania by the action of Columbia in
| eliminating football from the list of sports
| open to its students. The general opinion
| was that there was no reason for Pennsyl-
' vania to comment. Provost Charles Custis
| Harrison refused to make any comment
;on Columbia's action when seen at his
| office to-day. His refusal to speak is con-
) st rued to mean that there is yet no definite
| plan of action at Pennsylvania,
| Clayton MeMichael, secretary of the
| university athletic association, — said;

“Pennsylvania has already spoken to the
| collegiate world, through the circular
sent out by the Athletic Association and
the letter of Dr. Carl Williams, It would
be premature fur Pennsylvania to do any-
thing until enough replies to these letters
| have coine in to base action upon.”
CaMBhipggr, Nov. 20--fho Harvard Bul-
| letin, in its issue tor this week, has an edi-
' ternal on “Koughness in Football.” It
| Save in part,

“The incident in Saturday's football
ame when Rurr, the Harvard guard, was
tnocked down by one cf the Yale backs,
seems to demand comment. ‘The facts are
these: The ball had just been hicked across
the Yale goai line and Yale had kleked out
foe tried for a fair eat ion Yale's 40-yard
ine,
a right to prevent the fair catch if they
eould, But Burr had caught the ball in bis
| arms and had heeled i: «len he was tackled
| by one Yale man, and Quill rushed up_and
| shoved both his hands in Burr's face, Burr
|

was standing erect and was helpless; he
was knocked down and badly hurt, and dur-
ing the rest of the game he was more or less
affected by the blow. ‘There seems to be
some doubt whether Quill used the flat of his
open hand. At least twenty people have
anid and written to the Bulletin that they
saw Quill strike with his fist. The point is

| that the use of the fist is in terms forbidden
| by the rules, but that the only way of pun-
ishing a blow with the open hand is through

the general provision against ‘unnecessary
roughness!”

PRESIDENT SUMMONS REID.

Harvard Football Coach to Go to Wash-
ington Again.

Boston, Nov. 20.—William T. Reid, Jr.,
Harvard's head football coach, has been
surmmoned to the White House by President
Roosevelt. He will probably go to Wash-
ington on Friday unless the President's
engagement at the Army and Navy game
at Princeton on Saturday will necessitate
a postponement of the trip until the first
of the week. At his home in Cambridge
this moming Mr. Reid said: “Ai tne game
last Saturday a friend of Mr. Roosevelt's
came to me and said that he had been
instructed from Washington to say to me
that the President wished me to come to
the White House and dine with him some
day after the game had been played. I
could not have gone on Monday or Tues-
day anyway, but last night I received a
telegram from the President asking me to
come to Washington.

“The President's message received last
Saturday said to bring some one with me,
as he wished to have a talk with us about
the football season. I cannot say yet
just when I shall go or whether I shall go
alone or take some one else with me, but I
exyect to meet the President in accordance
with his summons at the earliest possible
time.”

IN THE FOOTBALL WORLD.

Last Day But One of Present Season's
Games.

This is the last day byt one for the present
football season, and tife last day but one,
in all probability, that the present rules will
be {n vogue. The Army-Navy game on
Saturday winds up the season, and is the
most important game remaining, while the
leading game to-day will be between Penn-
sylvania and Cornell at Philadelphia. This
game always has a big patronage regardless
of any difference in the ability of the contend-
ing elevens indicated by previous perform-
ances, The most that Cornell hopes for is
to score on the Quakers and hold them to
a small seore, To do so will be some con-
solation for the Ithacans after a poor season,
The lineup of the Cornell team will be as
follows: Roadhouse, left end) Cook, left
tackle, Tpompson, left) guard; Newman,
centre; O'Rourke, right guard, Costello, right
tackle; Van Orman, rig t end: Newhall or
Pollack, quarterback; Waldes, left halfback;
Gibson, right halfback; Halliday, fullback,
The Pennsylvania team will line up the same
as it did against Columbia, except that_Fol-
well, one of the best fullbacks in the East
will probably be in his old place instead of
Bennis, and Hobson back at left guard in-
steadofJunk. This will make Pennsylvania's
team the same as in the Harvard game.

The climax of the season in the West will
take place in Chicago, where two of the
strongest teams in the country, Michigan and
Chicago, lock horns. The winner will be
the champion of the West and with as good a
title to the champlonship of the country as
any other eleven, The schedule for to-day
follows

Pennsylvania vs. Cornell, at Philadelphia,

Lafayette vs, Bucknell, at Easton.

' Lehigh vs. Washington and Jefferson, at Wash-
ngton, Pa

‘ordham vs. Holy Cross, at Fordham.

Carlisle vs. Georgetown, at Washington,

High School of Commerce vs. Washington Tech.,

68 Anicriceu League Pork,
Pennsylvania Oiate Vs.

Pennsvivania, at Pittsburg
Chicago vs. Michigan, at Chicago.
Nebraska vs. Illinots, at Lincoln.
Indiana vs. Ohio State, at Columbus,
Iowa vs, St. Louls, at St. Louls.
Wisconsin vs. Northwestern, at Madison.

 

 

 

Western University of

The Lawrenceville School team this sesson
went through without a defeat and was score
on but once. There was no slump in the
catppaign and the team played hard and
' consistent football all the time. The sea-

son's work embraced a victory over Haver-

ford, 27 10 0: a victory over the Princeton

freshmen, 39 to 0; a tie with the Princeton

serub, 0 to 0; a victory over the Pennsylvana
| freshmen, 6 to 0; a victory over Mercersburg,
| 11.100, and a victory over Hill School, 27 to 6
| The game this afternoon between Holy
| Cross and Fordham University. promises
| to be one of the closest of New York's season.
|
|
|
|
j

The rivalrly in al branches of sport between
these, the two foremost Catholic colleges
inthe East, is intense, The visitors are fresh
from a string of victories, the most notable
of which was her defeat of Amherst, # to 0.

‘ The ¢ ley ;

or a broken arm. That is much better | at SrASA RA CR MER ENG teain avetuaea
| than a blood clot on the brain or other | about 172 pounss. Fordham, averaging
| injuries which occur in the heavy line | some ten pounds lighter, has had experience
| plays. There the injuries are more apt | before this season in bucking up against
to Ke to the head or spine. teams superior in weight, ordham's

“In open play the slugging and dirty
work done in scrimmages would be less
likely, because it could be seen. If we

strength lies in the speed of her back field.
In every game she has done brilliant work
by long end runs, having in Siskind

| Coogan ground gainers of the first water.

|

 

 

‘The Yale men were all on side and had |

SS eee

ee ee eee =:

VESTAL TO SANTA CATALINA.

MARE BEATS
LENGTHS,

OXNARD'S CRACK
KIAMESHA TEN

 

Winner Carries 128 Pounds in the Mud a
Mile anda Half in 2:44—Five Favorites
Lose at Bonnings Track—Miller Rides
Two Winners, Both at Short Prices.

WASHINOTON, Nov. 20.--H. T, Oxnard’s
crack mare Santa Catalina made a show
of Kiamesha in the Vestal Stakes, for two

year-old fillies, one mile and @ half, run over
@ muddy track at Bennings to-day, Santa
Catalina picked up 128: pounds and closed
at 11 to10. She made a runaway of It from
the start and won in a gallop by ten lengths,
{n 2:44, Kiamesha, who carried 118 pounds,
and was backed down to 0 to 10, was always
the runner-up, and finished second, two
lengths in front of Noblesse Oblige, a 160 to1
shot. Frank Farrell's Mintia, a hot favorite
In the first race, ran third, after leading to
the stretch, Collector Jessup and [chodale,
each at 5 to 1, finishing in front of him.
Descend, well played at 6 to 1, took the
mile event for maiden two-year-olds In 1:46,
with Pwon, the favorite, beaten for the place
by Bill Daly's Gentian, lowered to 7, Willie
Shields'’s Ben Hodder, 7 to 10 favorite, suo-
oumbed to Fancy Bird, 8 to 1, In the fourth
event for two-year-olds, the former being
carried wide coming into the stretoh and
also receiving a weak ride, Copper, 11 to 5,
graduated from the maiden class {n the fifth
race. when ho beat Sylvania, a 100 to1 shot,
{n a romp. Palette, 6 to 1, was at home in
the mud, and, In spite of a slow beginning,
won the last race in a heavy drive from

Arrahgowan, the favorite, Five favorites
lost, and Miller rode two winners. The
summaries:

FIRST RACK.

Highweight handicap; for all ages; $400 added;
ix furlongs:

 
  
    
    

  

Horse and Age. We. Betting. Fin.
Collector Jessup, 4,121 6-1 $4 18
Echodale, d 121, Gi 21 23
Mintia, 2. ‘ 86 «¢5 3!
Merlingo, 2... +101 €1 4
Mamte Worth . 10-1 4-1 6
Pater, 2..... . Terry...... 20-1 7-1 6
Ambitlous, 2 J Johnson. 80-1 12-1 7
Palora, 2.. ‘ .Drolette. 80-1 10-1 8
Listless, 2..... ». 96, Springer. - 121 &1 G
Canajoharte, 6,.....113..Christlan .. 40-1 16-1 10
Poscur, 6.......4+5 113.,.McIntyre.,. 20-1 &1 11

 

Time, 1:16 2-6.
Poor start; won easily; Callector Jessup,
4, by Bel Demonio—Crimea; owned by J. A.
ray; trained by @. Webb.

BRCOND RACR,
For maiden two-year-olds; $400 added; one mile;

ee
Eo

  
 

 

Horaseand Age. Wt, Jockey. Betting, Fin.
Descend, 2......+++. 9@.,Romanelll, 6-1 2-1 13
Gentian, 2 .102,.Springer... 7-1 6-2 28
Fe@on, 2. TBO vices 8-1 6-5 gH
Frills, 2. Powers,.... &1 21 ¢
Sauta Susanna, 2..,. #9. B. Smith... 8-1 &1 &
SKVAUC, Bievvccsscees QO..Miller,..,.. 101 #1 6
oF, Nstress,2.+...... W..King....... 41 101 7
Wickford, 2......... 102..Dickson.... 7-2 65 8

Time. 1:46.
Good start; won driving; Descend, ch, f,, 2, by
Ben Strome—Adora, owned by W, L, Powers:
trained by J. J. Hyland,

THIRD RACB

The Vestal Stakes; for three-year-old fillies;
$2,000 added: one mile and a half:

Horse and Aye. Wwe Jockey. Betting, Fin.
Santa Catalina, 8....123.. Miller . 11-10 out 1'¢
Kiamesha, 8.........118. O'Nelll...., @10 ous 2?
Noblesse Obiige, 8.113 J. Jones.. 160-1 25-1 918
Flinders, 3........ 123. Miles.. 00-1 101 4
Misiiss, 8....... 1A Bell... BO-1 4-1 6

Thine, 2:44.
Good start; won easily, Santa Catalina, b. f., 3,
by Suspender- Datntys; owned by the Albemarle
Stable; trained by W. brooks

FOURTH RACR
For two-year-olds; $400 added; six furlongs:

  

Horseand Age, Wt Jockey Betting. Fin,
Fancy Bird, 2....... 112.. Miles 8&1 2-1 14
Ben Hodder, 2.......115 .Dickson..,. 7-10 out 2
Jupiter, 2 +. 118. . Bell 80-1 5-1 &
Midas, 2....... see s1164 Romanelll.. 16-5 7-104
Old Guard, 2..... 115. . O'Neill. 10-1 2-1 6

Time, 1:17 4-6
Good start; won driving; Fancy Bird, ch. ¢., 2,
by Goldfinch—Solana; owned by the Chelsea Stable;
trained by J. Allen

FIFTH RACB,

    
 

 

For maiden two-year-olds and upward; 8400
added; one mile:

Horseand Age. Wt. Jockey Retting. Fin.
Copper, 4. .1il Miller. 11-5 even 1°
Sylvania, 3..........108 Ashworth. .100-1 4-1 23
Nom de Plume, 6.108 Romanelll. 10-1 4-1 38!
Father D.,8 . 103..Springer... &2 even 4
Similas, 3... 100..B. Smith... 20-1 8-1 &
Volantine, 8 108..Creamer,... 20-1 81 6
Benlala, 8. 104... Bell : 2-1 8) 7
Sue Mac, 5. 108..O'Leary.... 21 &1 8
Lichtmess, 5. . 111... Jones, . Gi 3-1 9
Ricordo, 3... 100 Christlan,.. 1-1 9 4-1 10

Time, 1:47 2.5

Good start; won ecas'ly:; Copper, gr. c., 4, by Mon-
tanus—Finalls; owned and trained by W.O Scully.

SIXTH HACE

For three-year-olds and upward; $500 added;
one mile and an eighth:

Horse and Age. Wwe Jockey Betting. Fin,
Palette, 4. 103. Gordon.,... 6-1 2-1 14
Arrahgowan 6.. 104,.King.....+., 7-6 8-5 2h
King Pepper, aged.. 0S..Lawby.. 10-1 4-1 93¢
Monacodor, 3 94 .Coane. . 41 8&5 4
Brilliant, 3 ..... 06..Chandier... 7-1 6-2 &
Bob Murphy,4 106 O'Leary.... BO-1 10-1 6
Gambler, 3 es 0) Riley. 6-1 21 7
Trish Witeh, 6.......103..3. Miller.... 12-1 5-1 8
Amberjack, 3 103. Springer. . 15-1 61 9

Time, 1:50.

Good start; won driving; Palette, b. f., 4, by Ben
Brush—Bonnle Lee: owned by the Boston Stable;
trained by F. Lightfoot

Benntngs Enirics for To-day.

  

 

 

 

 

|

 

First Race--For mares and geldings three |
years old and upward; six furlongs:
Congress. . 115 John F. Ahearn. 115
Ruby Hempstea 115) Plorestan ». 116
Sly Bride. ; 115 Singing Master.. WS
Burning Glass 115 Torina : 115 |
Paul Ciifford 115 Sue Mac 115 |
Saltand Pepper... 110 Dr. Swartz..... 110
Fleur de Marie... 110 Toyland - 110 |

Second Race--Selling;
and a half furlongs:

   
 

 

 

Panie........+ 106 Deceitful Lady...
Balatinc ss cscvses 100 Fighting Girl ;
Cassandra............. 97 Montanus . OT
GYOVILA) cciitser ces 97 Sunfire, 07
GONntlan:....+..c50es 97 Venus.... . 04
Ingleside. ; 02)

Third Race—Junior Steeplechase; for three-
sear olds; about two and a half miles:

he Miner. -182' Herculoid,.............182
TapatiGfuesecssscets 182 Dunseverrick... 182
Oleroso . 132, The Lad..... 187
ROMelivvsercvecseueustee

Fourth Race—Selling steeplechase; for four-
-ear olds and upward: about two miles:
Follow On. :  L421GYPBIC.. ccc. tebe eeies 151
CUPTANE.....cereeeere LOLI TWIN... cer cev ee 181
Billy Ray. i 181, Woolgatherer.......,..153
Tom Cogan...... 163

Fifth Race—Washington Cup; for three-year-

olds and upward; two miles and a quarter:

Ninespot. 105 Ty Dae EID avea ». 107
Rathowen,.......65 JOTI LOUGH ysis ssc ss cen 110
Ben Crocgett......+.. 107, Banker... ceeeer scene 97
SauorBoyiccccsecess OF

Sixth Race—Selling; for maiden two-year-olds;
one mile
Bob Eder sh, Aeheeeels 112
Descend.......

 

Nellie Burn.........5.- ;
Watercourse... 104
Seventh Race—Seliing; for three-year-olds and
upward; one mile and a sixteenth
Arsenal...............108'Cottage Mald..........
Bob Murphy.........

 

106 Sunray ;

 
 

Northville..... .... 98 Supreme Court,........
Ruby Hempstead.....108 Yeoman. .. earen
Fiatirc: rs 93, Samuel H. Harris..
Azelina...... veces OOIDT. SWALCE.. 0c. srsceres 96

 

Winohester............ 00

Questions Answered.

G, H, A, Parkman--A fs right. The bet 1s a tle.
While A was betting that a certain team would
win both games, B was virtually betting that one
of the other teams won a game. It is an accepted
rule of betting on single games that when one
man bets such and suco a team will win the bet
isoffifthe gameisatie. Thesame principle would
hold good In the case you mention.

for two year-olds; five |

| Alphonse O., pacer, 2:17'4,

‘ AUTOMOBILES.

SAA AREA AAA AA ALL. A ALA LAA

   

————

 
 
 

AUTOMOBITES,
RA AAS AARMABABRABARAARARAARARARAR ERROR iat

 

1906

Cleveland

has just arrived; brief specification
as follows:

ENGINE, 80-85 #. P., 4 cylinders, water
cooled.

IGNITION, Sims-Bosch Magnoto—make
and break Ignition.

FRANSMISSION. Sliding train, 8 speeds for-
ward and ono reverse.

REAR AXLE, Shaft drive, cluteh driven hub,

Ball bearings.
1 Beam section. Ball bearings.
Cold rolled pressed steel, alu-
minum under bonnet cover-

ing entire engine and trans-
mission,

104 Inches.

Imperial whalebone, grade A
2d growth hickory.

FRONT AXLE,
FRAME.

WHEEL BASE
WHEELS,

x4, weet c

Mechanically operated, tniet
and exhaust interchangeable,
Float feed, requirtng no ad-
Justment.
Two internal expansion, dust
Breeerey operating on rear
t ubs through emergenc
. lever, holding elther forwar
» Or backward. Foot brake
' operates on propeller shaft,
rey brakes bronze against
steel,
Double Tull
Clevelabd Vievoris ” fas
entrance.

Two head lights, 2 cide Ughta,
1 rear light, 1 bora.

TIRES.
VALVES.

OARBURETER.
BRAKES.

BODY.

EQUIPMENT.

30-35 H. P. $3500.

ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR.

‘

E. B. GALLAHER, 228-230 W. 58th St., N. Y.
Paris Offic No. 11 Rue d'Alger

Sole Importer
RICHARD. BRASIER.

 

General Eastern Distributer,
CLEVELAND MOTOR CAR CO,

 

 

 

  
 

CROW

SOLD EVERYWHERE IN BOTTLES.

HB. KIRK & CO. NEW YORK

END OF THE OLD GLORY SALE.

1,014 Trotters and Pacers Fetch 6428 ,450
at Auction.

With total receipts of $423,450 for
trotters and pacers sold in nine days, the
Fasig-ipton Company's horse auction at
Madison Square Garden ended yesterday.
The total number of horses disposed of was
the largest on record at an auction sale in
New York, the previous high water mark
being 087 head, sold at the Garden in 1904,
The receipts and the average per head were

 

 

somewhat higher last year, the class of horses |

having been distinctly better than at the sale
just ended. Only twice in six years, however,
nave the receipts of the Old Glory sale ex-
ceeded those of 1905. In 1901, when the select
and extensive breeding studs of Marcus
Daly and Willian kK. Spier were dispersed,
920 horses brought $499,355, while in 1904 the
receipts were $447,175 for 987 horses,

At this year's sale the highest price was
$21,000 for Crescels, 2:02'¢; the lowest was
$15 for Enid,and the average was $418. Yester-
day's offerings included no horses of par-
ticular note. One hundred head brought
$24,045, an average of $240. The best prices
follow

PROPERTY OF GLENMORE FARM.
B.c., trotter, 2, by Baron Dillon—Flilavolo, by

Antevolo; J, PF. Gibson, New York..

Br. f., pacer, 2, by Baron Dillon—Damson

Lake, by Nutbreaker; G. RK. Cook, Trenton,

$045

B. g., pacer, 3, by Red Lake—Winflower, by

Lawrence; G. R. Cook, Trenton, N. J... i
PROPERTY OF J. L, DODGE.

Jim Kennedy, pacer, 2:1544, b. bh, 12, by
Bobble burns— Fanny C., by Bayard; D. F.
Clark, Orangeburg, N.Y.

Crimson Clover, trotter, 2:18!g, b
Melville Dalsy Eyebright, by
D. F. Clark, Orangeburi@ N.Y.

Watson, pacer, 2:1744, b. g. 7, by Richard
Wilkes-—dam not traced; A. L. Wynne, Port
Jefferson, L. 1.. .

Precious, pacer, 2:14!4, ch. m.,7, by Aleander—
Buttercups, by Dantel Lambert; D, H.
Clark, Orangeburg, N. Y.. :

Florodora Beie, trotter, 2:24, b, m., 6, by
Electric Helle—Hexle McGregor, by Robert
McGregor; C. R. Willams, Kansas City,
Mo

m., ¥& by
Kirkwooa;

475

g

Ray Green, trotter, bf 4, by Roy Wilkes--
Clarissa by Greelander; John Doyle, New

8

York.. ;

Khak!, trotter, 2:28, b. m., 5, by Krenltn—
Fano ny, Pistachio; W. F, Moore, Brook-
lyn, N. Y. { ; ene

PROPERTY OP H. 8. OBBORNE.

Lady Glenn, pacer, 2:15, br. m., 9, by Red
Glen--Nellle Bright, by John. Bright; J. J.
Heffernan, Brooklyn, N. Y.

b. g., 5 by Al-

cander—mare, by Belmont Forrest; C. H.
Harris, Washington, D. C
Direct, Jr., trotter, b. ¢., 1,

&

3

by Direg;—Bessle

Bonchill, by Empire Wilkes; Johil Bassert,
Brooklyn, N.Y. a ; 835
George Pressar, pacer, 2:1644, bDlk, gi & by
Gilford--Nancy M.. by Pacing hallas;
George Eldred, Uulca, NX. ¥ ; 400

PROPERTY OF VARIOUS OWNERS,

Toby Axtell, trotter, b. g., 6, by Prince Ax-
tei—-mare by St. Gothard; C. A. Burke,
New York..

Queen of Dares, saddle and harness mare,
br, m., 8 by Chester Dare—Bontas Den-
mark; J. 8, Marshall, Putnam, N, ¥.,......

Lady of Eminence, saddle and harness mare,
br. m., 6 By Highland Denmark-Dalsy;
J, B. Marshall, Putnam, N, Y.

The Pathfinder, pacer, 2:82, br. h., 8, by Rex
Americus—Beatty by Mambrino King;

-
8
o

C. W. Lee, Rochester, N. Y....... Nee
Tom Crow, trotter, blk. g., 5, untraced; John
McGuire, New York oe ; wi ;
Dandy and Beauty, bay cobs, pedigrees not
stated, pole team; S. G. Camp, Oneonta,

Ni Xue an :
Hal Bothwell, pacer, 2:26%, br. g., 8 b
Brown Hal-—mare py Hal Russell; ¢d. ah
Engle, Philadelphia, Pa
Bird Lake, pacer, ch.

g. 6, by Red Lake—

se Se se 8 =

Maud H. P., by Decorate; D. J. Bowles,
Augusta, Ga. ene
Frank M., pacer, 2:45, br. @., 6, by Spanish
Wilikes—Fanny Weber, by Gen. Lomax; C. E.
Fingle, Philadeiphia, Pa rf . ;
Woodrow, trotter, b. h., 9, by Madwood—
Rosamond, by Bayford; D. J. Bowles,

Augusta, Ga ‘ ; ATEN ed HCA:
Rock and Rye, matched pair trotters, b. gs., 6
and 4; FE, B. Newman, New York............
Easter Rird, trotter, 2:23'4, b. m., 6, by Road
Rird—mare by Lathrop horse; P. Hoefner,
Floral Park, lL. 1 Riva eva ae
Hattle M., trotter, 2:19'4, b. m., 5.by Dupignac
-Molile M., by Arthello; J, Frank Under-
hill, Locust Valley, N. Y antics ane B10
Total for ninth day's sale, $24,045 for 100 head.
Average per head, $240.
Grand total for nine days, $428,450.
per head, $418.

$&

i cceielieieetiseesedineuapanienad pedliaalibsasidl ieeieaneeeereasttesnsetstenensnaneensenocenenmrapeeeeseseeeste emmentenaseeieenmneaEEmnERIPEEReEmEEPEEETE 8 B 3

810

Average

RYE

1,014 |

'
'

|

 

we Just Moved

USI Bargains! in'cow store

Have taken Smith and Mabley's,
613 & 516 Seventh Av., corner 38th
Want to unload. $4,500 Apperson; $1,200; $3,000
Clement, $850; Autooar, $575; Ten Cadillacs, $850 to
0; Oldsmobiles, $160; Panhards, $600 to §2,500
wenty horse Decauville, $1,600; Darracq, $350;
Renault, $350; Columbia (84,600, 1005), $2,100,
Packard, $350; Buick (llke new), top, 8800, Reo
Tonneau, $800; Dedietrich Limousine (like new)
$3,600; Plerce, side entrance, $2,000. Many more
opportunities, ty
ROADWAY AUTOMOBILE EXCHANGE
Seventh Avenue, corner 38th St.
ney

HORSES AND CARRIAGES.

Oe

 

 

 

 

The great dispersal
sale of the world-re-
nowned Rancho Del
Paso Stud of California,
comprising 524 head of
thoroughbred stallions,
brood mares, young
mares never bred and
yearlings, will be held
at Van Tassell & Kear-
ney’s, 180 and 132 Nas
Thirteenth Street, from

MONDAY, DEC. 6

RANCHO
DEL

TO
THURSDAY, PE. 7
PASO Beginning Monday

morning at I! A. M.
(days and evenings).
Not in the turf history
of the world is there
record of a breeding es-
tablishment of  thor-
oughbreds of the mag-
nitude of Rancho Dei
Paso. Sale under the
management of

FASIG-TIPTON CO,

HUSTLING SALESMEN wanted tn every town
to push standard line guaranteed Veterinary
Remedies on |iberal commission; position count)
sales Manager open to competent men; state age
and experience. PIXINE CHEMICAL CO., Dept.
X,, Troy, N.Y
“SAVE THE HORSE,” $5.00 a bottle. sold under

a written guarantee; send for gony of contract,
booklet and letters on every kind of lameness,
beware of substitutes; all arucgists TROY
CHEMICAL CO,, Blnghamton, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

SPORTSMEN’S GOODS.

AAA

New Price to Golfers.
PERFECT DOLLAR BALL,
Formerly $9.00 Per Doz.
Now

$6.00 Per Dozen. |

PERFECT No. 2 BALLS,
Formerly $7.50 Per Doz.,

Now $5.50 Per Dozen.

PERFECT GOLF BALL CO,,
100 Reade $t., New York City.

A POOR LOSER.”
Yale Man's Opinion of Harvard Man's At-
tack on Yale Methods.

There was more than one Yale man in this
city yesterday who resented vigorously ‘he
attack in the Harvard Graduates’ Magazin
on Yale athletic methods, and one Yale alin-
nus who has considerable influence in Yale's
affairs denounced it as the “squawk of a poor

 

 

 

 

 

“SQUAWK OF

oser.”.

“Yale athletics are as clean as athe tics can
be," he said. “There never has been any
taint of prorensiongliem, Yale has played
to win and haa been successful, but the sta'®
ment that it is anything to win at Yale is 4
lie. Yale never has seen fit to conduc! any
thing in such a manner as to result in failure
In the last fifteen years Yale's successes have
been pronoun . Therefore 1 suppose
the educational influences of two centuries
have been dissipated.”

Football Notes.

Boston, Nov. 2.-—-The football
battleship Missouri defeated the Fort Strong eleven
by the score of 12 to 0 at the South End grounds
this afternoon.

Boston, Nov 20.—Marked Improvement was
reported to-day in the case of Capt. Hurley of
Harvard football team. He may leave the 59s
Pital before Saturday.

HAMILTON, N, Y., Nov. 20.—-The Colgate athietic
advisory board has elected Asa K. Leonard, ‘0%
manager of the football team for next year 804
R. D, Bunnell, '08, assistant.

 

 

 

team of the

 

 

/