picK, THE ELEPHANT, DEAD,

wo OTHER ELEPHANTS WHRE TUG.
Gi\G AT HIM TO MOVE HIM,

 

 

The Old Man Sald “Move Him" and Dick Was
Ugly-Wherefore Two Haweers and the
Elephant Team Under Pull He Groansand
Dies Skinned While the Circus Departed.

led Dick the elephant at Madison

Ki

  
   

They
Ryjvare Garden at 2 o'clock yesterday morning.
They ddnotmean to kill him, He would not have
been killed had he not made up his mind that

jt was better to dle than to submit to tyranny.
Dick was killed because he was not willing to
move when the rest of the circus was, Once he
oyinced of the injustice of the demands

 

Wis
made upon him and the righteousness of his
desire to remain undisturbed fora few hours

more, not 1256 nen and two of the show's
biewest elephants could change his determina-
ton. Andso he died

Everytiing except the elephants was pretty
much on the move atl o'clock yesterday
neorning The elephants, down In their low-
roofed alley inthe cellar of the garden, were
y Theelephant men were uneasy, too
juve been uneasy ever since big Sultan,

 

 

 

is killed two men in the course of the last
few cours, bean to aet badly last Monday and
reached out for his keeper. The last thme
Scan had reached out for a keeper he had
caught him. Sines then Sultan's moods had had
the re i attention of every one who had to
do with idin When one elephant ina herd be-
corpes fractious the Keepers are filled with @
‘ uy thatany other elephant of the herd
i vkely to be taken with siinilar notions,
Whon the men getuneasy and suspicious the

ro disposed to think that something
till “ rwrong. Itis not difflenit, there-
fore, to onderstand why Elephant alley has not
be ite as placidand peaceful a neighbor-

 

 

hood the last week as some of the blissfully
gnort dispensers of peanuts and ginger
way have imagined, Not that any of the

people Who fed the elephants were in danger,
gor they were not, But running around be-
gvcen anelephant’s leas and leading him up
and down formonces isa very different
eort of busin standing off atsueha
« eochat ean hardiyv reach your oute
* wd hand with lis trunk, because his legs
are ned to iron rings set into the concrete
| intoset badly three dayesnago All

ave Tiely ntfulbs once or twice a

 
    

id this Was Dicks time tobe bad, but

! waition to be ugly putting the
ntoeinguord, Piek bad much more con-
tion than ue would have received or-
He wasa big elephant, not the big-

 

 

s' lera

 

dinarity

gest one of allthat stood at the Twenty-fifth
st tendo? the adey, nor the big one next in
the jine with his tusks cutoff -that was the trace
Hous Sultan. Diek was the fourth from the
end He was one of the shows performin
elephants and danced in the quadrille He ha
not daneed tt week or more because his
keepers, Knowl that his temper was subject

   

to change without ne tiee, did not care to have
him eo erazy in the arena and set thespectators
to cliinbing the gallery supports

On Saturday night when the keeper went to
Dick to loosen the chain on his leg the elephant
jiunwed at him with his tusks, The keeper was
guick enough to see the blow coming and no
horm was dene. The keeper said with some
oturesqueness of phrase that he was not go-
ng near the brute arain, not if the ugly beast
staved there untiinesxt year, Another Keeper
came up end retired, thy ‘ng heaven that his
life insurance potics not vet payable, The
head keeper was worried, ile was afraid that
even if he tried to take the other elephants ont
and to leave Diek, Diek would raise such @
rumpus ar being left alone that they would all
wo uely through sympathy, A full herd of
el intsonasyimpathetic tear in and about
Madison Square Garden at half past 1 o'clock
Sunday morning was not a prospect that filled
theelephant mans soul with glee. He stood
and regarded Phek with no triendly glance ond

 

 
  

 
 

 

 

 

Diek wiared back with wicked, red-oved
elare

Aman from up above cate down the cleated
runs andannouneedin ho gentle tones that
tee old nen wanted to know what was keeping
t

‘Tell him,’! said the elephant man, ‘‘that
Dick ain't acthnus good

nv zone five minutes When he
osaidthat the old man wanted to

 

 

  

cu
koow wh er they didnt know that he knew
that Diek wasn taeting good and why they did
Hot move hin?

; him,’ seid the elephant man, “that I
wisht he'd tell ie how tomove him"

 

     

utes
said

wis back int
hit,

lhen enger
“The old man s2vs move
“Did he sav how?,’

 

‘Nope. dust seid them two words: ‘Move
bin Phot was all.’
fheelephant man looked sober, He set his

teeth “Albright, he said to the messenger;
“dimeve him, it the old man says so.’

\ great coi of inch-and-a-half rope was
brought dow? Ry dexterous endeavor
patiently direeted, Dick's leg irons had heen

A. keepers stood around him with
rsharpelephant irons while one length of

 

  

rope nearly a hundred feet long was flung over
tndtied in a noose and pulled tight
inder his ears Dick rolled his eyes in anury
~ ‘ Vii the busters ot seenery, the stablo-
‘ ind ‘hemen whe were to go out on the
{ vastoen took holdof the tree end
h sand drew it taut until it eut deep

inte ephant sneck, Tle did not budge,

   
  

 

  
 
  

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

  

   

   

etn rrope, said the elephant man
font want tohurthim., Maybeif we can
5 } ibit around the middle he'll see
A
{ browerit another rope and tied it in a
nd Diek's body Haif the men
fthat rope while halfof thei Kept
ting at his neck Dick eves
\ ! tleand he braced Liomself percepti-
I hut he didnot move an ineh toward the
endef the alley to whieh he was | in
4 ‘ from Mr Sells'’s head-
ters at the House appeared and
do half roprietor why the ele.
} had note
{ t tte worry,” said the elephant
se liinove hime allright
ats were led out and hitched one
the ropes that * noosed around
hicanit Neither of ieee ned to have
tolbie moto joining in the coer.
‘ their collenwue they leaned forward
rharness, and tried to make sure that all
rand watted for the word. ‘The ele-
' man went baek and addre ie
: on, Dick,” he said, “come on.”
eves Were f loninfinity. He neither
@.0 nor heard
f nup, ea per Dick's
; od i welzlit was
inst ther
M outed the keeper
; do away from the pull a little
tupthe elephants, hard,” commanded
ter oof ceremonies The big beasts
wt elves forward into the harness with
' \ ht The men, all, 125 of them
1 rteet as well as they could and
Joel ropecredhked and the fibres on It
i nd eve ound Dick would not
‘ int drivers shouted at
- TI emen eanvasmen velled
I in their erews Nothing moved
' two nooses that cut deeper and
Wek neck and middie
clephant man was wondering
idhave toget out another ele-
Diek threw his trank up and
( tilit almost touched his fore-
edo or, it was more o 1 roar
It frightened the men onthe
, y of them letgo The trunk
' hock limply. With a few quiek words
vid othe harnessed elephants were
i ’ Lvervbody thought that
Hiearrendered = Atthe first pull he fell
sid house might fall
' ' ‘ed, and everybody
| ith theelephants ran to see
tte Phey found out Diek
| phantman looked at the big
ties minutes insilence Then he
: nut Mr Sells," he said, ‘that he
Nor y trouble about moving Diek
adc
Mr Selis had said “move him’ Dick
nw vat five thousand dollars to
\ He wossan Asiatic elephant, whieh
! nt ‘din the famous herd that was
! ears under the tuition of Adam
5 de Tt will take long and patient
fo bring up another to fill his place
ion the conerere floor afror Mr, Sells’s
had one ied out ous best his men
, Diek @ in the nature of a largo
Gone .
oned for Herbert Voyeling, who
Nast Fitty-rinth street, where he
ae toda tle was waked out of bed
1 a Was asked how meh he would give for the
heootoone dead elephant which must be re.
ve the Madison Square Garden before
he atternoor The tasidermist's

sfactory to Mr. Sella's representa-
to'clock Vogeling and three of hia
‘lashing away at Dick's body. The
hants bad gone away long before

 

men were

other elep

a ss necieacemamenamece eu ceaacasegaaesapaasedimimaiaiiaesne anata aminaiiaetaaanEn Tania nn SS a SS = nn UU UEE EEE

 

 

NEW Y

  

that.

them, a parently But their keepers were sat-
that the big beasts were doing a heap of
inking. None of the men was afraid of any
of their charges after that, not even of the ug!
Sultan At4o'clock yesterday morning Dick's
skin was off and was swinging from the roof of
the cellar ona block and tackle rope. A block
fn4 tackle had to be used, because the skin all
y itself weighed just a ton. The beasts en-
trails weighed 1,490 pounds
Mr. Vogeling did not know yesterday what
he was going to do with Dick's skin, He had
taken it on speculation, he said. He sent an
agent to Mr. Andrew Carnegie early yesterday
pporning to offer it to Mr. Carnegie for his
useum of Natural History. If the hide is not
sold to be mounted, it will be dressed for
pocketbook leather. There are 100 square feet
of it. After it has beeu worked up as pocket-
book leather it will be worth $154 square foot.
As a skin for mounting it might be worth
$2,500, The cause of Dick's death was not offl-
cially announced.

$200,000 FOR MT. SINAI HOSPITAL,

Given as a Memorlal by Meyer Guggenheim
and His Seven Sons.

A gift of $200,000 has been made to the Board
of Directors of the Mount Sinai Hospital by
Meyer Guggenheim and his seven sons, Isaac,
Daniel, Murray, Solomon R., Benjamin, Simon
and William, who are smelters with offices at 30
Broad street, The money is given in memory
of Barbara, the deceased wife of Meyer Gug-
genheim, to build a new hospital for private
patients in Fifth avenue between 100th and 101st
streeta, Thesite, which is to be occupied by
the new hospital bulldings (nine buildings alto-
gether) and which includes the whole block, was
acquired some time ago and the plans are all
drawn. The gift of Mr. Gugeenheim and his
sons makes it possible to begin work on the
building for private patients at once. A special
meeting of the directors of Mount Sinai Hos-
pital was held yesterday morning and the gift
was accepted and resolutions were passed ex-
pressing appreciation of the generosity of the
donors. The directors made public a part of
the letter of the donors offering the gift. Itsays:

“For some time past it has been our purpose
tocontribute, to a more substantial degree
than we have thus far done, toward the mate-
rialization of your project for the erection of a
new hospital, which shall more fully meet the
public needs than the one which you are now
maintaining. Accordingly, we have investi-
gated your work and have become creatly ime
pressed with that feature of it which relates to
the rearing of a structure for the use of private
contributing patients, This cannot fail to prove

a constant and remunerative source of income |
to your institution, and as a consequence the |
revenues derived therefrom, added to your ;
other resonrees, will render practically certain |
A succes-(ul prosecution of the charitable work |

 

in which you are now engaged on a more |
extensive seale than hitherto. We have |
been assured that the cost of comsipieting

this private hospital, in accordance with the
plans which have been adopted by you, will not
exceed §200,000 Acting npon this information,
we hereby offer to pay you the suri of $200,000

 

to defray the cost of construction, Yon shall
maintain the building in proper and suitable
repair, and shall at all times Keep if open for

the use of the publle, without regard to race or
creed, and devote the income derived there-
from to the charitable purposes for whiel: vour |
hospital has been founded. If von are prepared |
to recept these conditions it will afford us great |
pleasure to be so advised at your earliest. con |

venience, in order that we mav be assured that
our cherished purpose is to be fulfilled.”

The new wift, added to previonssn
will leave only about $350,000 to 340,900 To be
raised to cover the entire cost of the new hos- |
pital, which will be the largest in theeity, This
amount the directors feel sure will be supplied
by their constituents

 

 

 

criptions,

 

WINTER GOLD-SEEKING AT NOME,

Good Clean-Ups Reported by a Returned
Traveller Many Clair Disputes. |

Tacoma Wash, April Pr Dam,
who left Cape Nome Jan 28, coming
overland to Katmai, western Alaska, |
brir news that no food shortage ex-
isted, though fuel was worth fmmense
prices, Living accommodations were taxed
to the utmost, there being no timber to erect
additional buildings. There had been numerous
rich strikes and stampedes during the
winter Fifteen a pen was found
in Tundra, bac of Nome City Rich |
gold) discoveries were made on the
(utch Block River and its tributaries in
the Independent mining district. Astonishing
results came from the January clean-up at
Kimball's aluicing works in Nome, three tons of
beach sand producing 8150 In gold and 250 |
pounds of black sand concentrates ruoning
$1,000 to 82,0000 ton These will be sent to San
Francisco smelters

Four hundred clatins were ‘
Year's night) it wasa stormy night, bat the
weather did not abate the thirst for gold At’
night the glimmer of lanterns was seen on An-
vil, Glacier and Dexter creeks itis uncertain
whether relocations will hold) They will canse
almost endless legal entangl its this spring
Some elafms have been s dias manv as fif-
teen thes, all relocaters claiming to have been |
on the ground at midnight of Dee 31 his
comes partly from the fact thatnotwo watches
or clocks at Nome agrees ,

Dam ond other arrivels are astonished at the
magnitude of the present rush to Cane None
from the States and Dawson, which i} ageres
gate 30,00 persons © The stampede northward

22.--C

gs

cents

k

 

relocated on New

 

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

   
  

{; being overdone, despite the immensity of |
Nome’a gold-beariug terriiors j
Twelve Chilkat Indians,who murdered Mr and |
Mrs Bert Horton on the Lenn Canal Inet (cto-
ber are believed to have murdered four procs |
pectors who went up the Chilbat River list |
September and were never seen aein |

THE WOLSELEY DISABLED AT SEA, |

Steamer Towed Into Hatifax With Her Tail-
End Shaft Broken,

HWaniwax, NS, April22—-After ha

eleven days in tow of the British s+
the British steamer Sir Garnet Wolsele

Stefford, arrived this afternoon disabled

deiphia, which port

 

g been
Bruno, |
Cant

She

 

was ona vovage from Phi

she left Aprii 1, to Cork eithy eagro of corn
The first dh ¢ he eveom tered a tres
mendous gale which lasted for three days and
which caused considerable damage After this |
fine wether was experienced, but on \pril 10
the tail-end siaft broke and the steamer was

Tora day she lay without sichting a
vease! Then the Reno came up ¢ nd agreed to
and mike a tow to Halifax. Theships
were jll-assorted for this work  becatse
the helpless eraft) was heavily Inden and |
the towing steamer, in ballast, was large and
|
|
|
|

helpless

 

try

liwht. A manila hawser was passed, but four

had to be abandoned

  

   

 

RK, MOND
ino Ae AS nd eee companion | STEY N URGES BURGHERS ON,

' det '

| are in the Orar
| garsberg

' able towetin touch with them to-morrow

} to

APRIL

AY,

    

 

 

TELLS THEM THAT EUROPE WILL
SOON INTERVENE.
British Correspondents Admit That Boer

Valor Is Undiminished Death Threatened
to Free Staters Who Submit -Gen. DBra-
bant Reaches Bosman's Kop ~ Boer Activity
Near Boshof—Estimate of Boer Strength.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

LoNpon, April 23-—What news of active
operations comes from South Africa is covered
by THe SuN's special correspondents. The
Standard’a correspondent at Bloemfontein,
in a despatch dated last Friday, says
it is still uncertain how much longer
Gen. Roberts will remain there. He draws at-
tention to the impossibility of an advance by
the main body of the army until its flanks are
cleared and adds that there {s still pressing
need for horses

The rumor that Gen Warren {3 about to be-
come Governor of the Orange Free State is in-
teresting in view of the news concerning

the present manner of managing the
country, which was arranged by Gen.
Prettyman. Owing to the fact that it

was considered unfair to exact an oath of sub-
mission unless the British furnished protection
to those taking it, a Free State mounted police
has been formed and the country has been
divided into sections, each of which will be ad-
ministered by a Commissioner

Fighting continues at Wepener and Dewets-
dorp.

President Steyn has issued a proclamation
urging the burghers to maintain their struggle
against the British until the report of the Boer
Peace Commissioners arrivea from Europe.
He says that this will be only ashort time and
then foreign intervention will be certain The
British correspondents interpret this proclama-
tion as a sign that the Free State Boers are
slackening in their enthusiasm for war and need
spurring on, but they admit that there is no
other sign of this, as the Boers fight with as
great vigorasever, They even say that the
Joers who attacked Gen Methuen’s convoy
fought with a dash that hitherto had not been
geon on the western border

Gen. Brabant is now at Rosman's Kop. His
advance guard js in touch with the Boers about
miles south of Wepener, after taking a
miles from Rouxville
d weather that

fifteen
week to cover the forty
The delay was caused by the ba
has been prevailing

A despateh from Maseru, Basutoland, de-
scribea the Basutos as orderly. The natives
under arms to prevent an invasion of the
country by the Boers are ¢ ynmanded by three
British commissioners

Despatches from Ladysmith report indectsive
movements In Natal The Boers still oceupy
the Rigwarsberg range and oerasionally shell
Flandalansie coal mines with little effect) They
refuse to come to earnest fighting, while the
British are either unwilling or unable to foree

them

The dated

evene

deapateh
Sunday

prints a
Boshof, Free State,
ing, which that a Boer eornmendo
is in that immediate neighborhood and is
looting everything that) can be carried off
The despatch adds that the weather ia
perfect and that the British troops end
horses are in fine condition A copy of
proclamation recent!y issued by Presi-
Bieyn | been received in Boshof
It declares that the Free State Boers who
fail io take up arms will have their property
confiscated and they themaelves will be shot
when they are captured The proc'amation
has created consternation amone the burghers
A despateh to the Times: from Lorenzo Mar-
ques§says thet information trom responsible
sources is to the effect that the Boers, who at
one time had 105,000 men in the fleld, in-
cluding the rebels, still muster
90,000. Fifty thousand armed burghers, it says,
ge Free State, 10,000 in the Bix-
district and 15,000 at) Fourteen

Streams and Klerksdorp

Telegraph
Orange
says

a

as

colonial

 

RUNDLE'S MUD MARCH,

 

Rain for Five Days Impeded His Division
Saturday's Reconnolssance,
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent with Gen Rundle,
Ontocspoont, O FS, April 198 Po oM
The Biehth Army Division, commanded by
Gen Sir Lienry Rundle, is now east of Redders-
The camp of the division is beautifully

bure

| situated

Por five days past the rain fell in torrents,
fooding the country and making the roads ale
\ able for the cavalry and artillery
Theinfentry also had great difficulty in getting
through the quagmires into which part of the
country was converted, To-day, however, the
weather conditions have much improved and
the drowned lands are getting rid of the water

There was a Boer commando in this neighbor-
hood when the British arrived, They at once
divided into two parties, but they are still in the
It fs hoped that the British will be
A
few shots were exchanged to-day with strag-
cling Roers, but there were no casnalti ss

The military censor has shortened the limit of
the number of words each corre spor dent may
send from here. It will, therefore, be necessary
end <a reports meewengers to other
telegraphetat 5 where there is
the wire here being erowded

 

   

vielnity

by

 

om not such a

press
with service me

WANRKERSTROM
There is no change tn
Desmltory firing is being

nees
v,0O PS, April 21,10P. M—
the position here to-day
kept up by the artil-

lery Gen Brabazon lias made a successful re-
connoissanee, sustaining few casualties ile
cane d some excitement among the Boers by

getiing in the rear of their laager

PRISONERS AT ST,

TUE NELENA,

Excitement Over the Apvcarance of a French
Varsbip Moers Well end Mapoy.

 

 

  

 

times {it broke and it pectal Cad'e Despatch to THE SUN
Then asteel wire hawser was tried, and this James Town, St Helena, April 21 —Much ex-
iso parted three times Phe e urotatnn ¢ t Po) etrerpent and conjecture were aroused here on
Runo had a larce amount oF sine manta MA : al 7
hawser onboard Weleid three warns of this Thursday by the signalling of a French ware
together for 120 fathors, maling wt Wt Wis | ghin in Prosperous Bay The veasel was first
equal to a 2t-iieh hawser, ane ao Whe a » the shore early inthe
hent to 45 fathoms of chal This stood ¢ an © ¢ pic ' m
the strain and brought the Wolseley into port Shes tined stationary un ste in th
The accident happered 900 miles enstof Hale | poo stien she atcamed in the direction of
{fax ' {Jor ‘own stati Vhe British wars!
Kire broke out in the forepeal of the Woleley | ” Tow af m ” British irshilp
yesterday, ond the men who went | wtoer- | Niobelsstillin port
linguish it, Cant Stafford savs, hadacclowe call) Gen Crone and the members of his staff are
* » ithe. 3 at
from death by anffocation The Rune, whi RU saan pying Ken? cottage, a pleasant but small
a new steamer and wes bound from sunderiand :
for Baltimore to load for Rotterdam, will pros | comntiry residener fien Cronie will loter have
coed to-morrow la larger hon The other er prisoners at
= | Deadwood Plain are ‘hev have plenty
STABRED HIS) FRIEND OF VEARS, | of row rd diderer nts within the
poner 1 fong whieh the minded ‘They ean
Lenhart Killed Motz After They Hod Quor- |. purchases at eon, a privilege of
reiled About o Woman, + . shanuiol Suote. ne hare Te
LEWISKER Pa., April 22 ames Lenhart, | ne reitv of ones ome them Cheir
25 years old, and Newton Motz, % years old, | fy hise r od ) few of them
who had been friends since | vod and
' !
worked together in a mill here, vot into a quire Four hundred Pricicl militia have arrived
re] leat night and Mora was stabbed fatally and |] t eiards, More prixonees, to the
his companion is behind the bars ¢ rued with | y 08. including {4+ ofdeers, have also
murder The two roen quarretled abo fo oA] arrived
woman lhev separated and ball an hour consecrate
later, nx Mota was Walking alone the street, in) py GNOREASE THAMES DEPENCES,
company with a friend, Lenhart aporosched ‘
hin y! tabbed hins in che nee Wo |
t ; rt |
Geach Tin lem DAR nie oe 4 me War OMce Decides to Eulid a Fort on Isle of
VERGS POM IO a | Grain at Medway,
arrested by the poliee te sitd he eres
would be hanced nb boosted the poe ete ot] Ss; ial Cable Despatch to THT SUS
him Lonpos, April 22.—The War Oice has decided

“It You See It in ‘The Sun’ It's Se."" |
And Tue SUN says “O'Neill's” 1000 dteyetes are the
best value in New York today. 6th Ave, 21a lo
21st St. -Ads,

toatrensthen the defences of the Thames at
Medway, and it will begin without delay the
construction of a new fort on Isle of Grain,

s

:

WARREN GOING TO THE FREE STATE,

 

Censaured General Likely to Be Appointed
Governor,

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,
Dunpan, April 21.--Léeut.-Gen. sir Charles
Warren, who was in command of the Fifth
Division, attached to Gen, Buller's army, and
whose conduct at the battle of Spion Kop called
forth strong censure from Commander-in-Chief
Roberts, has arrived here from the front and
has booked passage to Fast London, It is an-
nounced that he is going to the Orange Free
State, where he will have an important civil

appointment, probably the Governorship,

Lonpon, April 23.--A despatch tothe Tele-
graph from Elandslaagte says that Gen. Warren
has gone tothe Orange Free State to act as
Military Governor.

 

GEN. DE WET REPORTED KILLED.

"Twas He Whe Escaped When Cronje Was
Captured—Hospital Corps to Fight.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, April 23 —-A despatch to the Daily
News from Lorenzo Marques says it is reported
there that Gen. DeWet, the Boer commander,
has been killed,

The despatch adds that the members of the
Trish ambulance corps with the Boers have
decided to fight against the British. A eimilar
decision has been reached by all the ambulance
corps fron: Continental Europe,

 

 

Gen. DeWet, who ts Teported in the above
despatch to have been killed, was one of the
most able and energetic among the older Boer
Commandants. He was with Gen, Cronje at
Paardeberg, but cut his way out before the
British succeeded in completely encircling the
laager on the Modder.

 

GRATEFUL TO CECIL RHODES.

Women and Children of Kimberley Raise a

Fund to Give Him Presents.

Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN
KIMBERLEY, April 21 --The women and chil-
dren who were sheltered and fed in the mines
here during the bombardinent have subscribed
money to buy a gold cigarette case anda gold
matchbor for Cecil Rhodes, who allowed them
to use the mines and who did much to relieve
their sufferings and discomforts. An address
expressing gratitude will also be presented to

Mr. Rhodes

OUR QUARREL WITH TURKEY.

European Cabinets Discussing the Possible
Naval Demonstration,
Special Cable Despatchto Tur SUN

Lonpon, April 23.—The Telegraph's Vienna
correspondent says that diplomatic circles
and the press are discussing the Turco-
American dispute seriously He says he
hears that pourparlers on the subject
are passing between the Continental
Cabinets, especially as to whether the United
States haa the right to make a naval demon-
stration to enforee iis claim. It is not believed

that a single Power would actually ope
pose sucha demonstration, but the
Cabinets are, nevertheless, making strong

efforts to exercise pressure that will cause the
Porte to pay the indemnity. The Sultan's real
reason for refusing is that he fears that if he
satistios the American claim the other Powers
will demand payment of the sums due them

The Vienna correspondent of the Standard
sends a similar dispatch He adds that (he
Vienna papers on Sunday adopted an untriendly
tone toward America. Some of them suggested
a Furopean coalition and a Joint protest against
the forcing of the Dardanelles by American
warships .

The Stundard’s Constantinople correspondent
says that the Porte professes to be completely
ignorant of any contemplated action against
Torkey by the United States. All agree that
the marter will probably be quietly settled

The Times'a Constantinople correspondent
sends a lons despateh on the Tureo-Amert-
ean ineident which he says it Is
highty i:aprobable that) the Sultan
wmiatters to proceed to extremities

will
He
adds that a new and potent factorin the East
ern question has now to be reckoned with and
that it is doubtful whether in the future Amer-
ica can be left altogether out of account In econe
sidering the affairs of Turkey

VIELDS

 

SULTAN A LITTLE.
Promises the Powers Not to Ratse Tariffs
Withoat Negotiation,

Sperial Cable Despatch to THE SUN
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 22--The Sultan has
vielded to the pressure of the Powers and will
not insist upon raising the customs duties
arbitrarily. Heiwill enter tito negotiations in
the “orthodox manner.”

CROKER NOT DEAD; NOT AT WANTAGE,

Friends Here Don't Believe He Has Salled
for New York.
Special Cate Despatch to Tite SUN

   
 
  

Lonpon, April 22--While it can be stated
that there is absclinely no truth in the
rumor that {Mr Richard Croker $s dend,
it cannot be definitely ascertained whether
he sailed for the United States on
Raturde necording to his prearranged

rwhich the strictest secrecy is

‘do Tt ds certasa that his
on envy

of the efeamer
isno indication. that

plan, coneornin
intentionally pre
Name does not appeas
liets, which, however,
hos pot sailed) The eorre-pondent of THESUN,
upon moking inquiries at Wantage, Mr Croe
ker’s English residence, wae informed that ho

 

he

 

 

had “eft Furcher information was refused
if he -ailed for New York on saturday he is
probaly a passenger on the Lnenria

Pif Mr. Croker rook passage on the barcania,
and ison his way home, his change ot plans
will bea great surprise to all the Jalthtul Tam-
manyimen. At the Demoeratic (lub last even-
ing it was said thatno word had been received
from him which indiented in any way that he
purposed to come home now, It has been un-

 

 

 

 

 

derstood genernily that Mr) Croker would not
return fo this country until the middie
of Mav, and pos-idly — in April His
plan when he sailed away in November S10
rewurn at about this time, but this arrang t
was definitely chenged when his leg was
broken femmany men who ure in’ Mr

Croker’s contidence deelired last eventing that
he wasn’t coming home now, so far as they

 
  

knew. They said also that Richard Croker, dr,
received a rmessage from his father just: before
sailing for Europe, on Saturday, in whieh Mr
Croker said he would meet the boys, It is noth-
ine unusnalfor Mr. Croker to be away fron
Wantage

The Tammany siete of delegates to the

National Demoeratic Convention has not been
mode up vet, nor will it be until Mr Croker

comes home or sends word = There area great
many candidates One iinportant Tamroony
ejty offeial who is very anxious to attend the

convention as a delegate said vesterday, when
he was asked if he was voine, that he wanted
to, but could not teh until ho heard from Mr
Croker

WHY WALST DIDN'T MEET VICTORIA,

Archbishop Wouldn't Take Second Place tn
Ireland to a Protestant Prelate,
Spectt! Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Ltowe, April 22 Verde

The Correspondenea

prints the following not
“Many ovirios have been made as to why
Arehbishop Walsh of Dublin remained in Rome

 

vet to Dublin fo reeeive Queen
mplest As it
onld be given
ean Gaimed

instead of ret
Vietoria The reason is the »
wosarranced that) preeeden

to the Protestant prelate, the Vat
that ing Roman Cathoiie country the Roman
Catholic prelate ought to have precedence
Therefore, Cardinal Rampolla, Vontitieal Seere-
culled Arehbis Walsh

 

 

   
   

tory of State op to
Home, wher »owill remain until the Oneen
has lett breland.”

Receipts of the Coban Treasary for March,

WasttncTos, April 2? -The total recoipts of
the Cuban Treasury for the month of Mereh
were $1,678,900, divided as follows
$1,472,900; postal receipts, $13,720; internal reve
enue receipts, $96,390, miscellaneous, $07,020
Compared wivh the corresp, nding month of
1800 this # (Mn iucrease of $715,048, or 74 por
cout. ?

ss 4
Customa,

/

. i cmiannies e oa neta - toes ange A SD DES Sargeras

FOR GOVERNOR, ROOSEVELT,

SAYS PLATT, “I CERTAINLY THINK
ME WILL BE RENOMINATED,"

 

For Governor General of the Philippines After
His Second Term According to a Current
Report of the Programme-— Busy Now
Over the Charter Revision Commission,

Gov. Roosevelt returned to Albany at 8 o'clock
last evening. He had had a brisk day. He
breakfasted with Senator Henry Cabot Lodge
of Massachusetts at the Holland House, had
luncheon at the home of his brother-in-law,
Douglas Robinson, 422 Madison avenue, with
President Seth Low of Columbia University,

Grant LaFarge, Nicholas Murray Butler,
Frederick W. Holls and others, later

accompanied by Gen. Francis V. Greene
he called upon President McKinley at the Hotel
Manhattan and in the evening he dined at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel with Senator Platt

Senator Lodge wants Gov. Roosevelt to run
for Vice-President. Senator Lodge has on
various occasions told his views to Presi-

dent McKinley, to Senator Hanna, chair-
man of the Republican National Com-
mittee, and to Senator Platt und Sen-

ator Depew of New York. Senator Lodge
has also at frequent intervals informed Gov
Roosevelt that he should not persist in his de-
termination not to be a candidate for Vice-
President. Senator Lodge at the breakfast
yesterday reiterated his opinions to Gov
Roosevelt and the Governor stuck to his own
views, which are that he has further
work to do as Governor of the State
of New York and desires a renomination for
Governor, Senator Lodge then took another
tack with Gov. Roosevelt. He told the Gov-
ernor that the office of Governor of ithe
great State of New York was rather a
dangerous post politically, inasmuch as
one false or ill-considered step might
precipitate political disaster upon its
occupant, Gov. Roosevelt was not alarmed by
Senator Lodge's idea for the reason that al-
though asturdy Republican he had tried to be
Governor for all the citizens of the State and
had recognized all factions and classes of Re-
publicans. Senator Lodge made no headway
with the Governor and at lo clock the Senator
returned to Washington

At the luncheon the make-up of the Charter
Revision Commission was discussed Gov
Roosevelt had first offered the Presidency of
the commission to Prof Butler and second to
Mr. Low. Both deelined{t) Gov Roosevelt de-
clined to speak of this matter or to give
the names of his selections for Come
missioners, except to say that Col. Frank-
lin Bartlett would certainly be one of the
Commissioners to represent the borough of
Manhattan. Forthe borough of Brooklyn the
Governor, {t was said, is to appoint as Commis
sioners William C. De Witt, ex-Mavor Charlies
A. Schlieren, Isane M Kapper and James
MeKeen

Gov Roosevelt's call with Gen. Green upon
President McKinley was one of courtesy. Not
a word Was said either by the President or by
the Governor about the Viee-Presidential nomi-
nation

In the evening the Governor discussed with
Senator Platt the names of the fifteen Charter
Revision Commissioners. Everything waa re-
ported to be eminently satisfactory Gov,
Roosevelt had (omakearun for it to get his
train back to Albany.

Afterward Benator Platt for the first tlme tn
many montha spoke for publication, Hesaid

“The Governor will announce from Albany
his selections for the Charter Revision Come
mistfonera As T understand the situation,
there are to be no revolutionary changes tn the
Charter, as the commission was created only
for the purpose of amending the weak spots in
the Charter lam also convinced that no man
who has been or is hostile or unfriendly to the
Charter willbe made a member of the come
mis

“Anything about the Vice-Presidential nome
ination?” the Senator was asked.

“Gov. Roosevelt is a soldier and a good
Republican,” replied Senator Platt, “and if
there iga unanimous call for him to serve his
econntry as Vice-President or for any other
place he will obey the summons; but, in my
opinion, no such exigeney will arise, as the
Governor's supporters in thie State want him
for Governor again?”

"Then von think that Roosevelt will be re-
nominated for Governor?” Senator Platt was
next asked

“LE do, certainly I do," replied Senator Platt,
“ond furthermore I believe, and Tne Sun has
often printed my opinion on this matter, that if
New York State cannot agree upon a candidate
for Vice-President, he nominatton for that ex-
alted office will go to the West.”

“With Roosevelt renominated for Governor
who will be the candidate for Lieutenant-Gov-
ernor?” was the next query

“That isa little hazy at the moment,” replied
Senotor Platt. “A great many Republicans
believe that either Senator Higgins of Olean,
Senator White of Syracuse or Senrtor Strana-

ion

  

han of Fulton should be | nominated,
but in iy opinion the State Senate
can ili afford to lose any of these

 

hith-minded and§honorable Senators T be-
lieve they onmht to be renominated and elected
tothe Senate. They can serve their party and
their country best in their capacities as Sena-
tors. Still,o situation may arise which might
change the present view of this matter.”
“When is Congress to adjourn, Senator?”
“Well, replied Senator Platt, “TD have thought

 

allalong that we might be able to get away
from Washineton by June 15. But if the
Hanna-Frye Subsidy bill ia foreed Senator

Jones, who fs chairman of the Democratic Na-
tional Convention, and hi friends, will flht the
bill and delay all legisiation If the Subsidy
bill is not foreed but is postponed until next
winter, I believe Congress will adjourn by
June"

Senator Piatt said that the gossip of Wash-
{nton was to the effect that the Democrats are
to nominate Bryan and Dewey for President
and Vice-President

A most interesting feature came out yester-
dav eoncerning Gov. Roosevelt's politien! fue
ture should he be renominated and re-clected
It was tothe efeect that at the ex-

Governor

piration of his second term) as Governor
he would be made Governor-General of the
Philippine Islands By that thme, 1903, the
islands will be ready fora civil government,

and if this programmie is followed Gov, Roores
velt is tobe apnointed first overnor-General
of the Philippine Istands

MISSING FROM THE HOV EMAN HOUSE,

The Hotel People Worrled About J. W. Movle
of San Franctsco,

JW Movie, a San FPraneisco capitalist, who
is interested in mining, is missing from the
Hoffman Honse, where he had been staving for
the greater partof the winter Mr Moyle bas
been a frequent visitorat the Hoffman for the
last eizhteen veara and has been noted there
for remaining in the hoteLand never going ont
He did go ont on the night of April 10, however,
le his bawzave behind and telling no one
where he wo going He has not been seen
since and the hotel people are worried about
hing, thongh they have not reported his disap-
pearance to the police for fear that Mr Moyle
would be embarrassed by the notoriety that
such a proceeding would eanse

Mr Movie is os years old but looks fully ten
vears younger United States Senator John P
Jones snid last night that he had known Mr
Movie for thirty-six) years At
had been in the California State Legislature to-
wether

  
 

 

Buy Your Summer Furnishings at O'Neill's,

Your mong Will Go further there than In any other
store intown See their advertisement today. 6tn
av., 200R lo 21 56 1. Ade,

one time they |

Wi.

23, 1900.-COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCI

 

 

 

Pair to-day and to-morrow.
So Sean eee - . > ——e
ATION. PRICE TWO CENTS.
a = aE
nyxemiva ay roristaya, | WONT GIVEUP GOV, TAYLOR
Two Negroes Killed Because Another Had Ci
Shot His Employer and Committed Saitctde.
ALtYNvown, La., April 22. W. T. White, GOV, ROOSEVELT WILL HEED N@

foreman of Allen Bros. & Wadley's sawmill,
was shot and Instantly killed yesterday by Jeff

iston, a negro lumber grader in his em-
ploy. The murderer escaped to his cabin, but
realizing that his capture was inevitable, sent
a bullet through his own head Investigation
led to the belief that there was a conspiracy

among the negroes to massacre the
whites Enough evidence was found to im-
piicate John Hughley and Ed Ames, two

negro employees of the mill as ringleaders in

the plot. Others were probably concerned,
but the evidence was not conclusive
and they were not molested. Hughley
and Ames were led to a= spot about

300 yards from the mill The white men,
numbering thirty, placed the prisoners in a
position against a tree and thirty revolvers
were shot simultaneously. The men were killed
instantly
Theinception of trouble dates back about
a week. Foreman White ordered the negro
Riston whipped for striking a boy, It was
done and Riston waited until he found op-
portunity and killed White.

*

 

MOHAMMEDANS IN THIS COUNTRY.

 

Young Baulgartan Who Declares That Kenosha,
Wis., Isa Head Centre for Them.

Krnosna, Wis, April 22--Two thousand
Americans, according to Steyan Krstoff Vatral-
sky, have embraced Mohammedanism since the
Congress of Religions at the World's Fairled
Turkish missionaries to undertake the task of
seeking converte in the United States Mr
Vatraleky, who was graduated at Harvard with
the class of ‘94, is a Bulgarian from the village
of Vakarel. He believes the spread of Moham-
medanism in America is to be viewed with in-
dignation and alarm, Kenosha, Mr. Vatralsky
insists, is the Mecca of American Turks. He
declarea that a new religious soolety, which
has gathered headway in this city, under the
title “The Truth Knowers,” until it counts 200
initiates, is founded on Moharmmedanism

Ibrahim Kheirvalla brought the light to
America, according to Mr. Vatralsky, and a
New York woman, a convert, furnished the
funds for the propaganda. From Kenosha the
sect spread to Western cities, invaded the East
and found devotees by scores in Boston, New
York, Washington and Philadelphia The next
Congress, Mr. Vatralsky admits, wil) probably
list 2,000 Mohammedans {nthe country, 500 of
them in Chicago

HOLD-UP AT DEVERY FOUR CORNERS

Makes Devery Pall His Pistol and Fire at the
Thieves—Nabs One.

James Fielding of 828 Ninth avenue, while
{ntoxicated, was held up early yesterday morn-
ing by three half-grown boys at Devery Four
Corners at Twenty-elghth street and Eighth
avenue. They ran south along the avenue
after having pocketed some loose silver they
had secured, and their heedless flight and the
shouts of the pursuing Fielding attracted the
attention of Chief Devery, who was on his way
to his familiar post of meditation. He called to
then) tostop and when that had no effect fired
several shota from his revolver after them

The fear of a bullet persuaded one of the
three toreturn, Chief Devery turned hiin over
to Policeman Neary and he was locked upin
the West Thirty-seventh street station. The
boy said he was Fdward Burke, 15 years old, of
$1214 West Twenty-sixth street. Fielding was
locked up, too, for getting drunk enough to
porrit himself to be robbed.

{fe was paroled in court yesterday and the
boy was held for further examination.

YOUNG MEN FOR THE PHILIPPINES.

An Opinion Said to Have Been Expressed by
President McKinley,

Parerson, April 22 —It is said that President
McKinley in conversation here has expressed
himself in favor ofthe selection of young men
for places of responsibility in Porto Ricoand the
hilippines, reasoning that elderly men would
not be able so easily to adapt themselves to the
new conditions and would not be able to give
long service after they had acquired expert-
enee It ia said that the President expressed
himself in favor of men under 40 for these
missions

THE PRESIDENT'S WIFE.

That Is the Reason These Slippers Are Going
to Fetch a Good Price,

Paterson, N. J., April 22--Thirty dollars has
been offered for a pair of worsted slippers for
ealo at the hospital fair in the armory here
The slippers are a pretty shade of blue and are
well made, but itis not for either of these rea-
suns that they are held to be worth twenty pairs
of slippers that look justJike them. It is because
they were knitted by Mrs McKinley When
she was in Paterson a few days ago she was not
well and could not attend the fair with the
President Soshe sent the slippers, which she
had just completed. There is great rivalry for
their possession Mrs. Walter Bamford is at
present the highest bidder, but it is believed
that a much higher bid will bo reached when
the slippers are regularly offered to-morrow
evening

KNIT BY

 

DISCOVERED GOLD ON HIS FARM,

Nut He Will Not Benefit by It, as His Neigh.
bors Have Staked Out Claims

CANASTOTA, N.Y, April DM. Tuttle of
this village has discovered deposits of gold on
his farm, but is not likely to enjoy the benefits

to be derived therefrom — By the provisions of
a New York State law such discoveries are pub-
lic property, and the (rst man tostake a dain
has aright to ell the precious metals he can une
earth within the iHimits of thatelaim Mr Tnt-
tle was ignorant of the existence of such o iaw,
but some of his neighbors were not Accord-
ingly heawoke one morning to find a number
of claims siaked outon his farm His only re-
dress lies in entering suit for damages caused
by exeavations madein bis land Whotever
gold may be secured his neighbors will obtain
There are likely to be cevernl laweulis, as it is
stated that a number of the claims overlap one
another

”

 

 

 

POISON FOR A HEADACHE,

Beatty Saves He Asked the Drug Clerk for
a Headache Powder Got Larkspur.

George Beatty of 23 Bowery went into Albert

 

Durig’s drug store at the Bowery and Canal
stroet yesterday afternoon and asked, he says,
fora headache powder, Theocore Kaiser, the

clerk, understood him to esk jor sabadilla or

 

    
  

 

 

 

 

tineture of larkspur, a poison used externally
in the inte 1s of cleanliness Beatty went
nway with sstieffand came beck presently
inpain. Heasked how mueh he should have
taken of the medielne

“Taken?” exclaimed the clerk “Tiow much
have you taken? |

"A tablespoornful,” said Beatty. Then he]
collapsed and was taken to Hodson Street |
i ital suffering — from vente sastriti
Coroner Bansel took his ante-mo ATT A

 

had atotk with the gle

 

mentand the:

He decided not to arrest the clerk at (he time

Tries to Set the Bullding Afire and Has to Be
Barricaded Where e's Harmless,

   

Mitchell Kenny, 56 years old, of 226 Thompson

ie. |
CRAZY GIANT INA HOUD FOR “=
|

street Was sent to the Colored Home for ti
Aged and Infirm at Mist street and Forest
avennea few dave ago He is more than six

 

feet tall and very strong, but almost blind On
Saturday night he suddenly became insane ar d
tried to set the buildi fire Supt Roekwell
locked him in a reem in the barement, but he

 

  

   

 
 

broke out, ond, to keep him in, a barricade was
Hoait around the door from all the mot in
the house Yesterday morning Kenny woes
transferred in a straitaecket to B vie
after a bord tlght with Dr Babeock of Earlem
Hospiral

New Evening Train to the Southwest
Leaves Grand CentraljStation at 0:2) every day by
the New \ork Cenual Big Four Route. Pestect
service, -Ade,

einen inrtnininenereremnamnimarniay

REQUISITION, FROM BECKHAM,

It Was This That He Consalted Gen. Harrison
About on Satorday Both of One Mind
According to the Friends of Kentucky's
Republican Governor Safe in New York,

Gov W 8 Taylor of Kentucky is likely to ree
main in New York State forsome time. He te
now with friends here These friends made the
authoritative announcement yesterday that
Gov. Roorevelt would not honor any requisition
of “Gov” Beekpain of Kentucky for the extras
dition of Gov. Taylor on the Kentucky indict»
ment for complicity in the murder of Goebel,

Gov. Taylor, it was further learned from hig
friends, had another interview with Gow,
Roosevelt yesterday at the residence of Douge
las Robinson, Gov. Roosevelt's brother-{n-law,
at 422 Madison avenue. It wos after this intere
view that Gov. Taylor's friends suid that they
were authorized to announce that Gov. Roosee
velt would not giveyp Gov Taylorin response
to any requisition of “Gov."’ Beckham and ape
plauded Gov. Roosevelt's courage and detere
mination

This Taylor case throws light on Gen Hare
rison’s remarks at Saturday evening's session
of the Ecumenical Conference about an intere
view he had just had with Gov. Roosevel&
Gen. Harrison said

“Gov. Roosevelt availed himself of a few
minutes we were together alone, just before
we came into this room, to consult me abouts
certain matter no doubt close to his heart,
When I had given him my opinion he satdy
‘Well, that's what I was going to do anyway,
no matter what you told me.’

Gov. Taylor's friends said yesterday "that
Gov. Roosevelt's talk with ex-President Harrie
son referred to possible steps to be taken by
Beckham for the extradition of Gov. Taylor,
and that Gov. Roosevelt and the ex-President
were of the same mind, “not to give up Taylor
on any demand from Beckham."

Gov Roosevelt and ex-President Harrisom
both said yesterday that they did not care to
speak of their interview. Enough is known,
though, to warrant the announcement that
Gov. Roosevelt will not surrender Gov. Taylor
ifa requisition comes Gen. Harrison has gone
to Washington

 

GOV, BRADLEY DOESN'T BELIEVE IT,

Says Taylor Has Publicly Declared That He
Would Never Be a Fugitive.

FrankFont, Ky., April 22.--Former Gov. W.
0. Bradley, chief counsel for Gov. Taylor, {s
out to-night in an interview in which he dis-
cusses the report that Taylor is in New York
seeking protection from arrest. Gov. Bradley
declares that? Bradiev will return when ap
indictment is returned against him. He saye:

“LT have had no communication with Gov,
Taylor since he went Washington The
press, I notice, states that he is there preparing
his case for the Supreme Court. Tam satisfied

that this is not true. Gov. Taylor went fto
Washington on purely personal business, —
connected in any way with the trial o!
his case. Nor do [ believe the report to be true
that he isin New York Syeeenne to prevent
the honoring of a requisition for his return to
this State As to whether a requisition could
be lawfully issued by Mr. Beckham or would be
recognized, it is unnecessary for me to express
an opinion, as these are questions that must be
determined by the authority upon whom such
a requisition may be made

“Gov. Tavior has publicly declared that he
was potand would never be a fugitive from
ustice and that if indicted he would respect
the Jaw and meet his accusers face to face,
Therefore there remains but one course
open to him, and that is to return
as soon as he can, walk boldly and bravely into
court and meet the indictment like a man.
Any other course would be rank injustice
not only himself, but to those of his
friends who have been aceused of so foul
a crime. I do not know whether an
indictment has been found against Gov. Taylor,
but if it has, I have no doubt that he wi
promptly surrender himself into the hands o
the law and believe that any intimation to the
contrary does him an injustice.”

to

 

WAITED LONG FOR HIS PREY.

Bat Policeman Fox Was Patient and Got es
Offender at Last.

If a mnedal was awarded every year to the
most patient policeman, Fox, of the Fast Fifty
first street station, would Shave a good
chance forthe honor. Last night at 8 o'clock
he was standing at Forty-fifth street and First
avenie when an electric vehicle, lamps unlit,

went by at a rate of speed greater than allowed
by law. Fox called to the driver to slow up
and light the lamps, and received an, insulting

reply He pursued the vehicle and saw the
driver go into a saloon at 411 East Viftieth
street

For two hours anda half Fox waitedin fron
of the saloon. Finally the driver came out an
Fox arrested him. He was looked up on @
charge of disorderly conduct and violating the
city ordinances. LHe said he was Sidney Hauck
and was employed by the Electric Vehicle
Company,

CUOKED BY A BLACK BURGLAR,

Aged Farmer Smith and His Granddaughter,
Laura, Roughly Handled,

Two burglars broke into the house of Lame
bert Smith, an aged farmer of Livingston,
NJ, early yesterday morning and awoke Mr,
Smith while they were ransacking his room,
The farmer got up and asked the men, one of
who was colored, what they were doing. TL@
colored man said

“Keep your damned mouth shut or you'll
die"

The farmer made an outery and the colored
man erabbed him by the throat, threw him to
the floorand choked him. His granddaughter

Laura was uroused and ran to the old man’s
r «she entered the white burglar struck

 

  
  

her with his fist, Knocking her down. By this
time othermembers of the hgtselold, include
ing the hired man, were awakened ‘the bure
wiars left the house and fled toward Roseland,

Several farmers pursued the fugitives Whep
the pursuers reached Roseland they hunted up
Constable William Po Tees who, with his horse
The bure-

   
  

and earringe, joined in the hant

lars had been n pussitut through Roseland
on their Ways ard Caldwell, where it ia
thought they took a trolley. car for Newark,

Constable Tees asa good deseripnon of the
to

burglars He yhoned ft other towns

cet
through whieh the

 
  

 

murgiars 1 pass — Their
only booty was some silver = ns anda few
dotiarsinioney Mr Stnith is over 80 years
}old and on this account his physician has
doubts of his recovery Tis granddaughter is
suffering from shock

ElOsrv SOMVAMBELIST Tt RNS UP,

Has Been Wandering About Since Tuesday
Couldn't Remember Hie Same.

 

 

 

   
  

Solis Ritterbund of 7 West lo6th street rae
ported at Police Leadqrarters last Tuesday
that his brother Georze had disappeered ihe
missing man was a sot nbidist, he said, and
ne feared mirht lave ed his i! in some
wity Sager i te

Juast nisl nian an rt bund's dee
seription walked into | I riers aud
eaid he was lost. Bis ta nablank
sinee jast | any, } contdn't
even fe wr bis nar nahi it
was (eo davnor. to Lassent
foreand h corned ti brother
and took him t

10G@ ROOM GETS AWAY,

Freshet in the Saco River Causes a Serioas
State of Affairs in Biddeford, Vie.

  

 

   

 

Bioprronp, Me, April 22.--The water in the
Saco River isatfroesher height and still rising.
The main low boom, ashort dist e above the
city, broke last ninht, setting fr ov 1,000,000
feet of logs, most of wl are now jammed
against the abutments of a f \lthough
the jan hos been made as secure ap possible by
hewsers, itis feared that a further increase in

the freshet may sweep the mass down stream,
carrying all before it, Houses on the river lowe
lands are surrounded with water and sev
streets are flooded.