oe .

a

one

ae

i
ere

————

GOLDWIN SMITH ON AFRICA.

AN FARNEST WORD OF SYMPATHY
FOR THE BOERS,

 

The Rade Soldiers of the Wronged Republic,
Vapaid and Without Hope of Medals or
Peasions, Making One of the Greatest Fights
for Independence That History Can Show,

Mr. Goldwin Smith, who left his high place in

British politics and in Oxford University to live

{n Canada, bus just returned from a stay of a

few months in Italy. He spoke freely to a

 

reporter of Tu# Sun at the Fifth Avenue Hotel |

nSouth Africa and the
His remarks are

yesterday onthe war)
Boers’ place among nations
worthy of carefi)! atteution

“None of my English frieuds and eorrespond-
ents,” eald Mr. Xnith, “has ever doubted
what would be the tssue ofa war in which the
entire forces of the British Einpire were op-
posed to those of a population not Mall aa large
as the population of Liverpool. The Boers have
putinto the fleld derrepitude and childhood.
They have no reserves. We shall win, and, hav-
{ng won, we shall, too, probably, reap im the
Judgment of posterity a measure of the same
glory which we reaped by the burning of
Joan of Arc. We shall be fortumate if we escape
the guilt of opening an era of unscrupulous
rapacity and violence which might throw back
for a century the progress of moral civilization.

“A civilian can havo nothing to say about
this dispute as to the conduct of our Generals,
The Generals were distinguished men. The
British soldier has shown his wonted valor
Canadian and Australian have fought gallantly
athisside. Our military administration seems
also to have really done well and put into the
field with striking rapidity an unexpected
amount of force. But besides the difficulties of
the country, we have eicountered in our enemy
@ moral force on which we did not reckon, and
which escaped the discernment of Mr. Cecil
Rhodes. We have encountered, in its greatest
intensity, that enthusiastic patriotism which
turns the sluggard's blood to flame, Can history
showa more memorable tight for independance
than that which is being made by the Boer?
Does it yleld to that made by Switzerland
against Austria and Burgundy, or to that made
by the Tyrolese under Hofer? The Boer gets no
pay; no comforts and luxuries are provided
for him by fashionable society; he can look for-
ward to no medals or pensions; he voluntarily
endures the utmost hardships of war; his disci-
pline, though unforced, seems never to fail
Boys of 16—a correspondent at the Cape
tells me, even of 14-\ake the rifle from the
handof the mother, who remains to pray for
them in her lonely home, and stand beside their
g@randsires to face tho murderous artillery of
modern war. Anewspaper correspondent the
other day saw a boy of 16 lying mangled
on the feld and saying: ‘It does not hurt much;
only I am go thirsty,’ Rude, narrow minded,
fanatical in their religion, these men may be; 60
were theold Scotch Calvinists; so have been

some of the noblest wildstovks of humanity; but
surely they are not unworthy to guard a

nation. ‘

7 on shoulder, the Boers twice went out to
make for themselves a home in the wilderness
where they might live their own life. Who had
a right to take it from them’ Her Britannio
Majesty did not create Africa. We are coming
ag to the era in which Popes meted out the

with their flat and barred a whol hemi-
Pp against mankind. If a gold mine was
‘ound { Boer's territory, was it not his?

ie vaal franchise needed reform; 80
did that of England, within Hving memory, and

astill greater degree. But reform was not

object of Mr. Cecil Rhodes and his political
allies. What they wanted was to give the bal-
lot to people who they knew would uso it to
vote away the independence of the State.
There is too much truth in the saying that this
is the second Jameson Raid. It makes me sad
think into what hands my country has fallen.
ad Lord Salisbury kept the matter in his own
ands, as he ought, for it was realy a foreign,
nota colonial question, there would have been
no war.

“The Boers had tn the convention of 1581 as
clear a covenant for compléte internal covern-
ment as words could express. That convention
was not agrant from a sovereign, subject to
withdrawal at his pleasnre; {t was a contract
between two parties, the covenants of which
each of them was bound to keep and submit in
case of dispute as to their import, tolmpartial
arbitration

“Even in Italy
the general feelir
to Great Britain,
geoaeen is with the little republic which is

hting for {ts independence. So is the heart
of the people everywhere, whatever the diplo-
matic action of the Governments may be

‘In England the people at present are mad
with the war fever, which carrles everybody
away while it lasts) The Crimean War, which
was undertaken to prop up the Turkish fmpira
aches thus made us responsible for the Armen-
AD Maseacres, has now not a single defender
But at the time everybody was wild with the
excitement, which has left its trace in the lines
of Tennyson !n ‘Mand,’ which we ara
told there is reason for believing that he after-
ward himself wished unwritten. Exeitement

increased by the nearsight of the fehting
through the electric telegraph There are
masses of the population to whom this is sim-
ply a new kind of gin’ The Tory party, of
course, is for war, the connection of which with

where T havea been, though
g of the nation is very friendly

 

 

he heart of the people on this |

litical reaction it cannot failto sea Soarethe |

uropeanized Americans
Btate Church) To knowthe real judgment of
the nation we must wajtfora calmer hour. I
am told, on exceptionally good authority, that
there is nota little silent opposition, and some
of itin Unexpected quarters

“T cannot help feeNng ashamed of the service
which the British Government is now accepting
t the hands of Portugal, perhaps extorting
from her weakness The transmission of troops
y aneutral through his territory forthe pur-
pose of attacking a friendly state is aurels
manifest and as flagrant a breach of interna-
tional law and right as it was possible to
commit. What would have been said if
n the Franeo-German War Switzerland

d allowed the troops of either of those
two powers to pass throngh her territory
for the purpose of attacking the other
treaty which is pleaded as the warrantin tis
case probably had in view merely poutual «

  
    

port in the repression of outbreak: «
avage tribes But no treaty between two
jovernments, whatever might be its oblect,
could override the public law of nations, any

more than two private individuals cantake then= |

selves by private contract out of the law of the
and) There would have been protests om all
ands if the ininred party had been a great
ower. But nobody seems to care what wrong
done to the weak
“Weare threatened with another disgrace.
This is in great measure a struggle between

races, the Duich and the British, the British
avowing their determination to assert their
ascendeney in South Africa Many of the

Jntch within the Cape Colony have naturally
and inevitably been drawn into showing active
symnathy with the upholders of Dutch inde-

ende noe For this they are called traitors:

 

 

43 | afenceon Van Brunt, near

So is the political |

|
'

!

SPECIAL ALLOWANCES IN CUBA,

 

Adjntant-General Corbin Tells Their Extent,
Why They Were Made and by Whom,

Adjitant-General Corbin Sunday In
New York, returning to Washington lust night
onthe train whieh carried the President At
the Hotel Manhattan yesterday afternoon Gen
Corbin was asked what the meaning was of all
the tulk in Congress and out, about special al-
lowances made to army officers in Cuba

“There is something in ft, but not much,” he
replied “You remember when Gen Alger was
Secretary of Warhe visitedCuba, Well, he bad
been in Havana only a short time when he
noticed that Gen Brooke and Gen, Ludlow had
a lotof entertaining todo Brooke was living
at the palace formerly occupied by the Spanish
Governor General and he had as his guests Gen
Garcia and all his sia Other Cuban officers
were the guests of Gen. Ludlow ‘These officers
had to stop with one of these two officers.

spent

the

etiquette of the ‘country demanded that such
officers be entertained; when in Havana, by
the Governor General of the tsland or seom
other high officer representing him. ‘The Span-
ish Governor General had always done it and
the Cuban Generals expected as much from
their successors.

“The Cubans were very sensitive about the at-
tentions paid to them and it was nota time todo
anything to needlessly wound their feelings,
Neither Gen. Brooke nor Gen. Ludlow oom-
plained about the calls made upon their private
purses—they had no other fund to draw froin—
for entertaining, but Gen. Alger saw at once

that the drain upon them must be heavy
wate he returned to Washington he said to we
one day:
“It brooke and Ludlow are compelled to
keep up this entertaining much longer, they'll
not only spend all thelr salary, but they'll) be
bankrupted. I'm going to do something for
them. Out of the insular fund, I'm going to
authorize Brooke to draw $7,600 a year and
Ludlow $5,000, It's not fair to them to compel
army officers to use up all their salaries and
more too in the necessary entertaining of per-
sons who are rightfully the nation’s guests

“IT did not favor the idea, but the Secretary
went ahead and Jateran allowance of $38,000
year wasmade to Col. Bliss, the Collector of
‘ustoms, andan allowance of $1,500 to Capt.
Ladd, the Treasurer of the tsland Col. Bitss
said he didn't needto do much entertatning,
but hedid need a carriage and a few other

things in. order to maintain the tradi-
thonal dignity of the office, and
he estimated that these things would

cost about #1,800. Therefore his allowance wag
cut from $3,000 to $1,800. His allowance and
that of Capt Ladd still continue aud the allow-
ance made to Gen. Brooke is now made to Gen
Wood The post of Military Governor of
Havana city having been abolished with Gen
quciow, nobody draws the $5,000 allowed to
um

“| went over the matter with Secretary Root
and he concluded not to revoke tbe order of
his predecessor, but he did decide not to make
similar allowances to any other army officers.
Consequently officers in Porto Rico and the
Philippines have no such allowances, Of
course, under the army regulations, no ofleer
{s allowed to draw more than his salary. It must
be remembered, however, we arain Cuba under
a military government, which knows no jaw,
other than the behests of the President and the
Secretary of War. Congross has never passed
a lawin reference to Cuba, and if the Army
regulations prevent an officer froin receivin
more than his salary when tn tho service, f
nist be alao remembered that the Army regu-
Javiona never contemplated a Military Governor
of Cubajor of thofcity of Havana

“Tl have given you the history of the whole
matter. There is nothing more to it and noth-
ing less, and it’s proper that the public shonid
know all about it, although there never has
been anything secret about it, andthe intention
of Secretary Alger was made public shortly
after he announced it to me.”

“JACK TATTEN IS DFAD."”

Rose Tatten Verifies Her Dream, Learning the
Fate of Her Father,

Rose Tatten, 17 years old, of 397 President
street, Brooklyn, hada dream on Friday night
that made so strong an impression on her that
she called at the Brooklyn Pelice Headquarters
yesterday to see if her dream was likely to
prove true. As she entered the telegraph
bureau she said to her younger sister, ‘T'm on
the right track. This is the same place I saw in
my dreain."’

She then explained to Sergt. James Camp-
bell that her father, John Tatten, 50 years old,
had disappeared on Nov. 4, and that since then
netthershe nor her sister had heard of hira
She saidhe wasa shoemaker employed in a
store in Manhattan and earned good wages
He was a good father, but occasionally drank
toomuch. His wife died six years ago and this
increased his intemperance

Miss Tutten said her father was anxious to
get the betterot the drinking habit, and some
time prior to Nov. 4he had gone to Manhattan
and had himself sent to Blackwell's Island for
three months, hoping at the end of that time
he would not crave liquor. Tis two daughters
did not know where he was for sometime, Hoe
failed to return at the expiration of his volun-
tary term of imprisonment His daughters
supposed that he had gone to some institution
and were not worried They subsequently in-
quired at Blackwell's I4jand and at other places
for him, but were unable to gain any informa-
ton about him .

“On Friday night," said Miss Tatten, “Thad
a dreamin that T went to Police Headquarters
and saw one of the police officials, and that he
said to me, ‘Jack Tatten is dead’ [ decided to
come here to-day to make inquiries Assoon
as l entered the room it seemed to be familiar
tome”

Seret. Campbell became interested in Miss
Tatten’s story. He looked over the “missing

persons’ book, and, on Nov. 4, he found an en-
try thataman about 50 years old, baid, with
light complexion and smooth face, wearing 4
black serge suit and a bl ue-biack overcoat had
been found with a fractured akull lying against
President stroet
Anambuiance surgeon, who was summoned
said the man was dead, The body was removec

} to the Morgue, and, as no person claimed if, it

The |

|
|

ormally they may be, but m liv they aro
not. Someofthe viler sort of British at tha
Cape are clamoring for traitor’s blood, and |

by the violent organs of their

nd

they are back

 

 

}

was buried among the unidentified dead in
Potter's Field

Miss Tatten said the description answered
tharof her father. Accompanied by her sister,
she went to the Morgué and explained the case
to Keepor Maguire. Heexamined the records
and the two young women said there was not
the slightest doubt that the man found at Van
Brantand President streets was their father
When they returned to Police Headquarters
Misa Tatten told Sergt. Campbell that her
dream had come true

“T am positive,’ she said, “that the man
fonnd on Nov. 4 was my father It seems
strange tome that hadsuchadream. I can-
not account for it, but everything that I saw in
my dream [have seen to-day."

AGITATOR DODGES A FIGHT,

Edward Ransford Puts to Flight Mr. Thimme
of the Draggists’ League.

A conference under the direction of the Social

Progress League was held yesterday between

representatives of the league and the several

j church and reform — societias Before
{t began a meeting of the league was
held at which Fdward Thimme of
the Druggists’ League announced that

party in kn Kut if our Government
should be so lost to the dictates alike of moerey
and wisdom as to give way to them, whieh T
can hardly think possible, the yoiee of the na- |
tions, and that of the American people among
the rest, would in this ca urely be heard.’

 

SOUSA’S FAREWEIL CONCERT,

Band Concert at the Metropolitan Closes the
Musical Season There,

John Philip Sousa, who is soon tos take his
band to Europe to show how his compositions
already popular abroad should be played
toestablish moreover lent quality of
the foremost military bandin
gave his farewell concert at the

and
the ey

  

this cour
Metropolitan

   

  

 

 

 

|
|
|

aspecial meeting would be held a week from
next Wednesday toarrange for the enforcement
of the new ten-hour law indrug atores, Thimme

{ that if the city oMeials did not compel
druggists to obey the law they would meet
| their Waterloo at the next election. Tle ae-
cused the drogsists of charging 10 per cent
more for patent medicines on aceon the

| ference wast

 

idded 2"5 per

 

war tax, although the tax only +s

cent, to prices, Healso said that Inconipetent
persons received licenses from the Board of
har ey, thereby endangering the public 4

  
 
   
 

 

motion toad
being put when a tall, wrav-haired

man asked to be allowed to say af

    

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

Opera House last nigh: It was a farewell, | y have d to, Mr Th
ne cnov hat ® doesn't
moreover, to the Sunday concerts in that es. sale rater Hata nnd a drunnin nora dr
tablishmentas the programme for the first, clerk, aud never was either, and what he save
time since last Qetober contained no announce - | now and has said before is misleading
ment of what was to be eapected a week later, | ‘What is vour nane?” asked the chairman
The selections which Mr. Sousa puto on the) “Ransford.” was the reply
programme last night were the Haydn-West- “Whatdo you represent?” asked Thimme
eyer “Imperial” overture, Dyorak'sSlavonie | “Lrepresent myself
lance, Brahinw’s fiungarian dance, No. @ | “Then you have no authority to speak here
Tschalkowsk y's ''¢ apriccio Italien,” Czibulka'’s | said Thimme
"Ball Scenes,’ Gillet’s “Ronde de Nuit. anes \ ow you're burking the question,” said
march of his own, "The Man behind the Gun Rat rd “You're afraid to neet ny wins
and a “Good-By" fantasie arranged by tho The chairman deciared the meeting ad-
featuctor These were the prowramme niin- rned. ‘I tranger was Fdwerd | sford
and as every one ot them was followed b of the Church Association for the Advancement
anenoore which proved tobe one of the eon. | of the Interesta of Tabor He attended t
ra own popular marches, the sudience, onference, but did not renew the dise '
which was large, hid every reason to rr ont nee was atrended everal clor-
be delighted. It apparently was and showed | evn oejal reformers and mene the
ample appreciation of the less fauuln Man , league. Resolutions were passed at ihe
Behind the Gun,” which had all t tirrina © effect that the next Legislature be requested to
ualities of the leader's mus Blanche Duf- | pass law ing 1 linge of good reads
eld, Bertha Bucklin and Arthur Pryor were, thronghout the State, setting apart one day. of
the solotsts rest every week forall public servant
Mr, Sousa will carry to Rurope with him the | plovees of corperations exeopt in «
well wishes of hislast New York audienes, wi ie making igh ifs a maximum
exhibited in addition to the oustomary yorsert: 14 rally rvayts 4 revenge
for more, a degree of cordiality wt owed \ d providing we i
what a warm place the eond rand ind aved perse
holdin the heart of the metropolta piganiemenialeies is
: Pron Eh nere
BROOKLYN. ‘ WwN.Y, April 22 —-The marriage of
‘ , le (
Agnes T. Connolly, a spinster of 63, was found dead o Misa A eu.4
qesereey, tn the bedroom of her home at 175 Lee | PPOOwsn Took plaice to-day at the }
venue, Williamsburg, by her sister Annie also a | iiarvey Shr ing the ideyroom'’s wumels

ceneter, ee ips in another poo ee had been
phy sa y Uluminating gas. 1t ls though’
farned om the gas by necidene oo

There were no guests The
way oft Manhattan officiated,
to-night for Brooklyn,

diey KOA. Brock.
‘The couple left

 

irn in order to attend the eon |

THE SUN, MONDAY,

 

TO CAPTURE THE SENATE.| 8842 72 taxe ce noosavecr.

 

AIM OV THE HILL+>MURPHY-CROKER+
M LAUGHLIN CAMPAIGN,

State Hopelessly Republican for President and
Governor -Warning to Republicans to Put
Up the Best Men Who are Avallable for Sena-
tors—-Quigg Puts Up Assemblyman Fallows,

Ex-Senator David B, Hill returned to Albany
yesterday morning. While in New York he
hada number of secret conferences with the
influential leaders of Tammany Hall and the
Kinas County Democracy, and Democrats who
clustered here from up the State to attend the
ineeting of the Democratic State Committee on
Friday were also called to take part in the dis-
cussions, THE SUN has no authority to quote
Senator Hill or any of the Democrats with
whom he talked, and it does not intend to; but
from all diseussions of this character there are
leaks. The Democrats who assembled in
New York, it was ascertained, have not
the slightest hope of carrying New York
State this fall for President or for the Demo-
cratic Stato ticket. The Democratic party is to
be weighted down again with Bryan and the
radical issues which he demands, and which
without doubt will be adopted by the Demo-
cratic National Convention at Kansas City on
July 4. The real purpose of the discussions Mr.
Hill had with the Democrats was to lay plans to
capture one branch or the other of the State
Legislature. Most of the Democrats who
talked about this matter said that it seemed to
be almost imposible to recapture the Assembly,
but they were quite convinced that with astute
efforts and sturdy labors they can get the Sen-
ate, which now is made up of twenty-seven Re-

ublicans and twenty-three Democrats. So Mr.

fill, the Tammanyites and the MeLaughiinites
and the Murphyitea are to pull together to get
the Senate. The orders have already gone
forth that this shall be the object of the Demo-
cratic cainpaign,

One of the preliminary steps will be the elec-
tion of a new Democratio State Committee at
the Democratic State Convention, which is to
be held in the Academy of Music, New York. on
Junes. There has been practically no new
blood in the Democratic State Committee for
several years, but now there is to be a new
state of affairs. The Democratic State Com-
mittee is made up of one member from each of
the fifty Senate districts and the new State
committeemen are to startout, and morning,
noon and night are to labor to elect a majority,
if possible, of the upper house at Albany

Senator Platt is aware of the programme and
Chairuan Odell knew of it before he leit for the
West. Both Senator Platt and Mr. Cdell for
that reason believe it imporiant that Senators
Elisworth, Higgins, Stranahan, White and
Humphrey and men of that character should
not carry out their disposition to refuse renom-
{nations this fall There are other Republican
State Senators who, Senator Platt and Chair-
man Udell believe, should also remain inthe
fleld. Senator Platt within the last two days
has had a number of conferences with Republi-
eans, to all of whom he has given the caution to
be careful and nominate men for Senators
whom the Republican party can surely elect
To some of his admonitions he added the words
“sone strong nen of integrity,’’ and then he
has wound up his advice by saying to the Re-
publicans: “Be sure to gota man in your Sen-
ate district whom vou can elect.”

Already, however, in one of the New York
City Senate districts, the Nineteenth, now rep-
resented by the Hon. John Ford, there isan
apparent effort to start out with trouble, Sen-
ator Ford has declared that be does not desire
@ renomination He is to devote a year to his
practice, and some of his triends believe that
eventually he will be nominated for Mayor
The Nineteenth Senate district is made up of
the Twenty-first, Twenty-third and Thirty-
‘first Assembly districts ‘here are now two
notable candidates for the Senate nomination
for the district--Assemblyman Edward H. Fal-
lows of the Twenty-firat and Assemblyman
Samuel S. Slater of the Thirty-first. At about
the time that Assemblyman Fallows wae dig-
ging intothe affairs of the Surrogato's offlee =
Aan inquiry that led to the retireinent of John
H. V. Arnold--it was said that he re-
ceived a little encouragement to the ef-
fect that he might be nominated this fall
for Senator io succeed Mr. Ford.
few days Assemblyrnan Fallows, {t is reported,
has been telling his friends that President
Quigg of the New York County Committee has
promised him the nomination for Senator in
the Nineteenth

 

 

 

 

siipport of Senator Platt and Chairman Odell,
Tie best information obtainable yesterday was
to the effect that Mr. Platt and Mr. Odell have
not vet discussed the situation in the Nineteenth
Senate district at all, and that nothing definite
will be decided by Senator Platt until he has
had a talx with Chairman (dell, or rather
nuotil after the Republiean National Convention
adjourns at Philadelphia. Meantime, accord-
ing to the t information, Assemblyman
Fallows is warranted in making the assertion
that President Quigg is for him

Phe Republicans who stand behind Assemblyr-
man Slater said vesterday that they do not

    

like this frec-handed way of doing business, |

and they believe that they can demonstrate the
advisability
for Senator tos
out that there isa mnalfight in the Twen-
y-first Assembly district, Mr. Vallows's dis-
trict, and that from the present outlook there
will be no discontinuance of this factional fight
At the August primaries the battle royal forthe
leadership of the district will be resumed be-
tween Col. Abraham Gruber and ex-Assembly-
man George C. Austin. Itis believed now that
as soon as President Quigg retires from the
New York County Committee Col Gruber will
he without his chief stock poelidcal argument,
for he ean no longer shont “Quigg!” “Quigg!”
“Quige’”’ and those who look at the prospective

vad Mr. Fe

   

 

  

   

 

   

fight dispassionately are almost ready to be
convinced that Mr. Austin will. defeat Col, |
Gruber for the leadership of the distriet, Tha |
fight, however, between Gruber and Austin

 

will neces
and for that reason the friends of Mr. Slater do
not believe that Mr. Fallows will make
strongeet candidate for the Senate district
While ihe Twenty-first has a factional fight on
{ts hands, the Twenty-third is doubtful, and all

this tine the Thirty-fret district is surely Re- |

So the State men sav that the
strongest possible eandidate for Senator for
the Nineteenth will be Assemblyman slater
The Demoerats, it is sald, propose to nominate
ex-Senator Charles 1, Guy. He is known asa
good campaigner,
husky sort of citiz

publican

  

Assemblyman Fallows
in other matters thera

  
 

{3 munity of interests hetween them
\s n Fallows took President Quigg's
endof the ight in the recent struggle in the
Twenty-first district between Austin ard
Gruber Many sound = organization Repub-
Means went so tar oO sav vesterdayv that the ,
fl@hit (or Senator inthis district “should be an

open one, and may the better man win.” They
do pot like interference in these Senate dis-
trict flzlits, and they say that the
poliey of Interference in the Assembly
districts in New York county for tha
last four years has caused no end of
trouble — For instance, it is pointed out that in
1897 the Republicans had thirteen Assemblymen
from New York county: in 1808, four: in 18909
got back to eight, while last year the number
of Republican Assemblymen from New York
county was. five All this loss, it is dee
clared, is due to unnecessary and unwar-

ranted interference in the Assembly district
nominations. “The more cat fights the more
eats’ has passed into a politieal adage;

which, being interpreted, means “the greater

number of healthy. and wholesome and
fair political fights for nominations in an
organization,” the moro votes of that party

on election day
OHIO REPUBLICANS,
Hanna Men in Control and No Contests for
the Nominations,

9

April The Republican
will be held in this eity on

day and Wednesday

COLUMBUS, Chio,
State Convention

Tue

The indications to-

 

 

 

 

 

    

night are that there will be no contests for the
} nominations
Howard D. Mannington, who was the
Daugherty candidate for Seeretary of Stata
wainst the Hon, | MH. Laylin, the Hanna
candidate, has withdrawn from the contest,
| leaving ifter a clear fleld Mr. Mau-
{ nington did not withdraw, however, until after
it w pparentt senator Hanna would be
n wolute control of the convention Mr
Mannington in bis statement tothe publie give
' t r ne for | Withdrawal denounces
bossisna and party dictatorship
| thorm Sill prota be a model
I | \ mal convent Che fore
delogatoe-at ‘ tw Philadelphia from
t! Stute, it is believed, wi he Senators
Hanna and | ker, Gov Nash and Gen |
These er Te ex ed here to rrow
and 0 ‘ to be held in tue evening
} ir ’ I ntters Y the party
the President's State will be considered

—

Welde Men's Fight Against Hopper.

The followers of Commissioners of Jurors

Welde in the Thirty-first Assembly district,

! held n her of meetings lately and

have deeided to begin an early eampaien

+ prevent wader, bsa \ Hopper.whe
od Mr eoutat the primaries in'S

 

ibe mW ‘ren sav tl t Hopper ear't
tanv patronage and that Welde vill win

 

baby Left on a Doctor's Stoon

of AL Warne street ev ¢
f d bat rbot 7 weeks old. on 4
frontst ! tht) Theinfanta comfort.

 

    

bly clad and hada tring of beads around its
neck, Dr. Seinow notified the noiice and the
baby was taken to the City Hospital,

 

| hibiting children under 16 years old from dance

For the last |

Assemblyman Fallows, it is |
said, hus also declared that he has the tentative |

of nominating AssemblymansSlater |
They pointed |

) Mrs Elsea I

the |

a good orator and a very |

Pennsylvania Republicans Will Speak for Him
if They Get the Word. nll

HARRISBURG, April 22 —It was expected that
Col Matthew Stanley Quay would attend the
Republican State Convention here this week,
but itis now reported that he will remain in
Wushington, so that if he is seated on Tuesday
he may take the oath and mingle with his col-
leagues on Wednesday. He willsend the dele-
gates his love and best wishes. Senator Penrose
will almost certainly be here, but as the vote tn
the Quay case cannot be taken until Tuesday
afternoon he will pot reach Harrisbure before
Wednesday morning Penrose (8 certain to
share in the glory should Quay be seated, and in
the absence of the senior Senator he will get an
ovation which will cause him to forget that
there ever was any dissatisfaction with his
course in the conduct of the Quay case

Most of the Republican Members of Congress
from Pennsylvania are expected to get here on
Tuesday afternoon and the convention will
take on all the McKinley color possible. Roose-
velt may also may be drawn into the resolu-
tions. Platt and Quay are never far from each
other, and if it becomes clear that itis the pur-
pose of the New York Senator to make Gov.
Roosevelt the running mate of McKinley, if
possible, the Pennsylvania organization will

cheerfully help along the movement. Roose-
velt would be’ acceptable to most Republicans

of this State and it is the opinion of seasoned
pert , on that his name would add strength to
6 6

The convention will not be long getting
through its businesson Wednesday. On Tues-
day afternoon the State Committee will meet to
make up the roll of delegates and select the
temporary chairman. It is expected that there
will be only one session Wednesday. There is
no opposition to Senator Hardenbergh of
Wayne for Auditor-General, and it may be that
the leaders will be able to fix a slate that wil! go
through by acclamation. Gen. Frank Reeder
will be redlected chairman of the State Com-
mittee and his assistants will be the same as
during the last campaign. As to delegates-at-
large to Philadelphia, Gov. Stone and Attorneys
General Elkin are likely to step aside and allow
others to take their places. They could goby

mere expressing the wish, but both these
party leaders think (hat the honors should go
around. Col. Quay, Chairman Reeder, James

Elverson and Charles A. Porter of yolledel pie
fre almost sure to be delegates-at-large. ne
ator Penrose will go as a district delegate.

There {s still some doubt as to the sincerity of
the regular leaders of the Republican organiza-
tion in their support of Congreseman-at-Large
Galusha A Grow for another term. The action
of the large majority of the ble Philadelphia
delegation tn indorsing Robert H. Foerderer,
the wealthy morocco manufacturer of that
city, js regarded as significant of a possible
brenk from Grow. Dr. TL. Flood’s friends
are also very hopeful of his nomination. Flood
is urged as the logical candidate on the ground
that he hails from the same section of the State
as Samuel A Davenport, who retires, and for
hia reason should be considered by the party
eaders,

 

CHILD ENTERTAINER LOCKED UP.

Has Been Amusing Passengers on the Long
iBranch Boat by Singing and Dancing.

Complaints having reached the Gerry society
that a little girl was singing and dancing on the
Long Branch steamer Elberon, Agent Pissara
of the Gerry society, took a tripto Long Branch
yesterday. He found Giuaseppe Stefano of
626% Broome street playing a hurpon the boat

and Edith Fisher, 12 years old, of the same ad-
dress, singing and dancing and arrested them
both on the arrival of the Elberon at the foot of
West Twelfth street last night The girl was
sent to the Gerry society and Stefano was locked
up in the Charles street station charged with
violating the section of the Penal Coda pro-

 

ing or singing for money in publie

 

OBITUARY.

 

Albert Rest, proprietor of Best’s Liliputian
Bazaar at 60 and 62 West Tweuty- third street,
died on Saturday in Mount Vernon at the resi-
dence of afriend. Mr. Bast was fond of bicy-
cling andetarted out Saturday morning witha

arty of friends to ride to Mount Vernon
Nhentha party reached the outskirts of the
city Mr. Best was seized with an attack of

acute gastritis. A physician was called and Mr
Best was removed toa friend's residence, where

he dicd, He was born at Pine Piains, Dutchess

county, N. ¥., in) Oetohber, 1842. He = cama
'to this city when 16 yenrs of ago |

and secured a plaice as clerk in A. T, Stew- |

| art's dry goods s When 21 he went into
business for himself at Newark, where here- |

ore

  

 

  

; mained eighteen years He then went to |
| Buffalo and started in the furniture business
He soon gat t ,and came to this city in
11879 tlesaw the future in children’s readvy-
| made clothing and opened a store in Sixth |
avenne between Twenty-second and Twenty-

third streets He was a member of the Harlem
and Aldine clubs, andof the Second Collegiate
Retormed Church of Harlem  Heleavesa wife, |
two daughters and two sons, ‘The interment
| will be at Pine Plains

waw Bouse, a descendant of
one of the first settlers of Long Isiand, died at

 

  

   
 

 

 

| her home at 92 Madison avenne, Flushing, Lf, |
yester y inher eghtieth vear She is sur- |
vived by five children and several cranchildren
Withelm Jahn, a wellknown German musi- |
cian and for many vears conductor at the Ime |
perial Opera House in Vienna, diedin that eity |
on Friday after a long illness He was born
65 years ago at Hof in Moravia, and be- |
gan his musical career in 1852 as a choris- |
| ter at Temesvar. He was econdnetor at
Pesth two years later and after serving |
jin the same capacity at Agram = ane |

Amsterdam was called to Prague He remained

| there from 1857 until 1844 and then went to the |
sarily leave a good many sore spota, |

foval Theatre in Wiesbaden, where he stayed
| untilhe was called to the opera at Vienna in
1881. Under his direction that institution knew
some ofits best dave Failing health compelled
him to retire trom all active work in 1897 and
| Gustav Mahler was appointed to his place He
\ublished some songs, but was not otherwise
nownh 4s a coniposer

Judie James Barrett, one of the best-known
i n Vermont, diedin Rutland on Saturday
rs He was born in Strafford, Vt,
isi4, was graduated from Dartmouth
fie entered the office of the Hon
and in is40 was admitted to
In i857 he was elected Judge of tha
Supreme Court After twenty-three yeors as |
Judge, in 1880, he resumed the practice of law
tle was an ardent Whig and Republican

Matt Parrott, a former Lieutenant-Governor

 

   

in Lsds
Charles Marsh,

| the bar

 

| of lowa, died on Saturday night at a_sanita- |
rium in Battle Creek, Mich., from Bright's
disease

 

 

The golfing duffer is the one
‘thorn in the true golfer’s flesh.
' If any of you have any such
| duffer thorn, why not send him
a book telling the etiquette of
golf, the rules of golf—the new

rules for this year, information
of all kinds dear even to the
dutter-golfer’s heart.

If you send us his name and |
address—and name of his Club,

we'll send the book—don’t even
ask for a stamp.

 

 

 

 

Perhaps some of you true,
golfers would like one, too. |
Rogers, Peer ~ Covpayy, |
258 Broadway, cor. Warren.
569 Broalway, cor. Prines. We fill orders
1250 Broidway, cor. S20 by mall, |
DR. HOLT'S IMVROVED '

Croup Kettle & Medicator |
WITH REGULATED FLAME LAMP
/ALWAYS READY FOR USE. |

sintoaSmall« 4 148 for Travelling

MADE Ty

| LEWIS & CONGER,

| 430 and 132 WEST 42D 58T., York.

| but were deterred by his threats to shoot

“30 Minutes
in Havana.”

After all is said and done
you want a rich fragrant
cigar that smokes right
from start to finish. The
best for the money are

1oc. and upward.

Trade supplied by

E. C. HAZARD & CO, )

117 Hadeon Street, \

6B 404 Street.

BENNETT, SLOAN & CO., 100 Hndson St., N. Y,
Distributers for Northern New Jersey.

THE HAVANA-AMERICAN CO., MAKERS.

 

MURDER AT A CHURCH DOOR
HUGUES FIRES FOUR SHOTS INTOA
GROUP OF WORSHIPPERS.

Then, When His Wife Broke Through the
Crowd and Fell Prostrate oo the Church
Steps, He Pat the Pistol to Her Kar and
Killed Her —Caught, He Tries Saictde,

Syracuse, April 22.—Just as the congrega-
tion was pouring out of St. Vineent De Paul's

Chureh after late mass at noon to-day a white-

haired man rushed up tothe church door and,

drawing a revolver, fired four shots into a

group of worshippers who were coming down

the steps with their prayer books in their
hands. Women sereaned and men made a rush
for the assailant, who, brandishing his emoking
weapon, shouted:

“Keep away! I have three shots more and
the first man who

T'll put a bullet through
dares to interfere with me.”

In the momentary quiet that followed this
threat 4 woman broke away from the crowd
and ran shouting for help

‘He has threatened my life before,” she cried,
“and I'mn sure he means to killme ”

lier foot slipped and she fell prostrate at the
bottom of tbe church steps. Before any one
could interfere the man strode up to her and
demanded whether she would come home and
live with him

“Oh, I'm afraid to," she replied

Then he deliberately put the muzzle of the
pistol > her ear and blew out her brains Some
one ran for the priest, who, in the vestmentsin
which he celebrated mass, administered ex-
treme unetion tothe dying woman Thecrowd
again attempted to close {non the murderer,

“This is my affair,’ he said, coolly

with the woman." Then he broke away and
ran, eluding pursuit
The man was John Ilughes of 133 Tealle ave-

nue and the woman was his wife They were

| each about 50 years of age and had been mar-

ried only a few months, both having been
married before’ Hehad become insanely jeal-
ous, and by threats to murder his wife had
driven her to seek refuge with relatives

As soon as the crowd who witnessed the
tragedy recovered their wits they ran in pur-
suit of Hughes, who fled to the house of an ac-
quaintance in Tealle avenue, where a big negro,
Dick Malone, was the first to find him Malone
wreated the weapon from the murderer's hands
and put his back against the door to
his escape Hughes siezed a pair of shears
lying on atable and madea deaperateattenipt at
suicide He drove the shears into his body
with all hia might and penetrated his left lung
He was overpowered and taken by the police to
St. Joseph's Hospital, where to-night the doc-
tora said he might recover

The murder was deliberate. The Rey, J. F.
Dougherty, pastor of St. Vincent De Paul's,
whieh is the largest. Catholic Church of the
Rast Side, saw Hughes hanging about the
church door at early masa and asked him what
he wanted, as his actions appeared suspicious
He said he was waiting for a friend Hughes
evidernt!y expected his wife at early mass, but
not finding her then waited until the noon con-
gregation came out,

One of the shots that. Hughes fired into the
crowd painfully wounded a sixteen-year-old
girl, the daughter of John H. Lyons, a promi-
nent manufacturer, The bullet passed through
one of her legs, making aserious wound About
a fortnight ago Mrs. Hughes complained to the

olice that her hushand ha? threatened to take
ber life, Llughes was then reprimanded by the
Police Justice, but allowed to go.

Unidentified Man Drops Dead.

A well-dressed man, about 40 years old and of
medium height, dropped dead last night at
Magnolia and Summit avenues, Jersey City

Heights. He had black, curly hair and brown
mustache and wore a black coat, brown trons.
ers and vest, black derby hat, a pink s!!'s shirt,
black socks and gray undereclothing In his
pockets were founda white silk handkerehief,
two lateh keys anda penknife. The body was
removed to Speer's morgue

 

=
s

Want Theatres Closed on Snndays,

The Rev. Walter E Bentley and F F. Mackay,
representing the Actors’ Church Alliance, ad-
dressed yesterday's meeting of the Central
Federated Union. They asked assistance ina

movement to close the theatres on Sundays
Mr Bentley said that it was both in the interest

| of relivion and of labor that he made the re-

quest. The FU appointed a committee to
cooperate with the Alliance

To Choose a Colonel for the Twenty-third.

The Council of Offleers of the Twenty-third
will meet in the Bedford
Jrookivn, to-night to
Alexis (

Regiment
armory,

avenue
elect a sue.
‘ Smith, who resigned
nenthsago Gen James McLeer, corm-
manding the Second Brigade, will preside
lieut -Col Ezra De Forest, who retired from
the regiment several years ago, will be unani-
mously elected

ceasor to Col

some

 

The Crulser Boston to Be Overhauled,

WaAstiINnGTon, April 22-—-The erniser Boston,
one of the vessels of Admiral Dewey's vietorl-
ous squadron, is to be overhauted and repaired
ara costol $175,000) The ortzinal estimate of
this work was double that anount, but the
Beard of Inspection and Survey decided that
the sinaller amount wonld sufflee ‘The Navy
Departioent has ordered the work to be done
al the Mare Isiand Navy Yard

 

O'Netli's Groceries Are Always Wholesome,

That's the reason | pays to buy there. Special
gos tod ty and w-Morrow. 6th ay., 2uib lo Zils s

 

“Keep |
| away from mé or I'll send vou to hell along

 

. § J. Sloan

At high-class dealers.

Distributers
THE SEIDENBERG CO.) for Greater N. Y.

‘Tt costs
to smoke the
best.”

no more

   

Offer an unusually rich and attractive display of the

durable

BIGELOW
BRUSSELS
CARPETINGS.

Their splendid wearing qualities and rich color tones
have made them deservedly popular.

SPRING PATTERNS NOW BEING SHOWN.

Broadway § 19th Street.

 

ECLIPSE OF COUNSELLOR NOLAN

Due to a Dusty Doormat -The Counsellor Ex-
plodes tn the Police Court.
Counsellor Thomas Nolan, on his way to
church yesterday morning, was passing 248
East Tairty-fourth street when Frank Marrion,
employed by the Friendly Aid Settlement as

 

janitor's assistant, came tothe street door with |

ahall mat and began to shake it. A cloud of
dust momentarily obscured the counselor's
silk tile and immaculate frock coat, and his
wrath arose. He made Policeman Kiel arrest
the man for violating the sanitary code and
went to the Yorkville police court to make a
complaint

“Lappear-r,"' said the counsellor, ‘‘as an ordi-
nary citizen and notin me capacity asa r-repre-
sentative of the Cor-rporation Counsel's office It
is an Outrage that passes endur-rance that citi-
zens cannot go to worship on Sunday in their
best clothes without having their garments
much deteriorated in quality by the repr-rehen-
sible acts of persons who violate the wise
Jaws of our land @nd seatter br-roadcast the
microbes of dangerous diseases that have found
lodgment on the car-rpets. This defendant,
your Hlonor, did beat and shake a car-rpet on
the stoop and raise a cloud of dust that encirr-
cled me head as completely as a sandstor-rin
in the desert of Sahar-ra "

The prisoner said thar he had taken the hall
mat to the door and there thrown it down and
rolled itup, but had not shakenit. Hedid not
know he was violating any jaw

“Carpetshaking in publicis a great nuisance,"
remarked Magistrate Mayo ‘Will it: satisfy
you, Counsellor, if I discharge him with a
reprimand?”

“T shall leave your Honor to exercise your
judement in vindicating the majesty of the
aw,’ was the Counsellor's sonorous reply

The prisoner was discharged with a repri-
mand

 

THEY SWARMED TO CONEY

About 50,000 Pleasure-Scekers Go to the
Sea-—Many Venders Arrested.

The resort-keepers at Coney Island who had
looked forward toa big crowd of visitors yes-
terday were notdisappointed It was estimated
that 50,009 pleasure-seekers journeyed to the
sea The Ocean boulevard and other thorough-
fares that led to the island were thronged from
noon until nightfall with bieyclists and vehicles

of many kinds
capacity of sixty-five carried double that num-
ber of passengers, and in the closed cars, at
times, there was not even standing room

The Sunday law was enforeed to a certain ex-
tent inthe concert halls no liquors were sold
and the peformers appeared in street apparel’
The shows were mild in their way, and folla
who trusted the barker’ announcement were
disappointed Police Captain Kenney
the popeorn, frankfurter and candy men who
flock to the island every Sunday from Manhat-
tan A score or more of then were gathered
in Other arrests included disorderly women
and intoxicated persons ‘

ISLAND,

 

 

Three Horses Burned tn a Stable Fire,

A can of benzine exploded inthe frame stable
atiss Christopher street, Brooklyn, last night,
and set fire to the building. Three horses were
burned to death and six wagons were des-
troyed, Solomon EL. Wolfe, theowner, estimates
the daniayre at $5,000

 

 

“APE

HUNGARIAN

The open cars with aseating |

raided |

CHEAP, EFFECTIVE, PALATABLE.

NATURAL

NEW YORK'S FIRE LOSSES DOUBLED

 

Interesting Report and Recommendations of
Fire Marshal Seery.

The annual report of Fire Marshal Peter
| Seery, which will be handed to Fire (o:nmis-
sioner Scannell to-day, shows that last \ear tla
fire losses of Manhattan and The Brous were
nearly double the losses in the preceding
twelve months. In 1899 the Fire Marshal's
office was called upon to investigate 5,509 fires
| as against 4,280 in the previous year, and these
investigations showed losses reaching a total of
$7,458,840, as against a total for the previous
twelve months of $4,155,191.
| The great difference in the annual |
report saya, Was due principally to thr
| disastrous flres, which wiped out nearly threa
million dollars’ worth of property in Manhat-
tan. These were the Windsor Hotel, the dame
age at which is placed in the report at $1,250,000"
the Rogers, Peet & Co.'s fire, the dance
whichis placed at $700,000, and the ¢ he'll
paper factory fire, the loss at
| placed at $700,000, In his report Fire Marshall
Seery says:

“Swinging gas jets have contributed lirgel’

s, the

‘ver’

 

wien so

| to the year's quota of flres, and, whiilt ‘ i
| seem a hardship to the owners of 4 °
where these are being used, I would recom
mend the rigid enforcement of a jaw pros
hibiting their use, and that gas an! ”
brackets should not be permitted wit!
distance of curtains or portieres as to comes

contact with same

“An unusually large number of investiga ng
of suspicious fires have been held dur
year, and it is a matter of extre Y

» reg

 

   

 

 

anumber of insurance agents are so!
lax in respect to the class of risks ass 1, the
attention given to the premises insured, a {
the tendency to write insurances larg: 1 exe
cess of the value of the property, all of which 4
an incentive to incendiarism by evilly disposed
| persons

“After a number of rigid examinations Iam

fully convinced that not a few of our fires ar4@

the results of either defective insulation ori
perfect electrie wiring For the pulyir ty,
and to provide against this danger wou dr
ommend the licensing of all persons ha: ding
electric light appliances and ike makin
openings for wires fireproof IT would °
ommend that reculations be established pr (le
ing for cut-out boxes in the insids of buildings
near the main entrance, so that currents mar
be readily turned on or off as occasion requ
| shi will in a measure lessen the danger to

 

 

which firemen may be subjected from live wires
while in the performance of their duties
Marshal Seery has found that there are fust
| fifty-two causes for fires in New York and they
; runall the way from ‘explosives’ to “carelesd
| workmen with matches.”

Annaal Show of the Thirteenth Heavy Art!l-
lery,

The annual review, dress parade and dr!!! of
the Thirteenth Heavy Artillery Regiment, i9
commemoration of its departure for the front
In S61, willtake place at the Sumner avenue

,
,

armory, Brooklyn, to-night. The reeimet
will wear, for the first time, its new distinety
uniform, The Veveran Association w u

hwil

; parade and will carry the old colors, wl
reewive a marching salute from the active
4 RANIZANON. | wea

 

NTA"

APERIENT WATER.

A Wineglassful a Dose. (

Sole Exporters: THE APOLLINARIS CO., Ld, Londom