STRIKERS APPLAUD TROOPS,

FIND SEATS ON A HILLSIDE TO
WITNESS A FINE PARADE,

High choracter of the State's Soldiers Has
Captured Their Respect - Troops to Re-
to TH To-olght Capt Lydecker Breaks
a Leg Just as He's Grevetted Major.
y Lanpina, N.Y, April22.—For to-
athe existence of the Itallan work-
ake, if it still does exist, was wholly
of in the interest in the naiilitary
companies of the Seventh Regiment
co cavalry troops, A and C were the
atrraction. for hundreds of visitors
iiidren and gayly dressed girls

YT

day at |

men's #1"
Jost wight

 

: , te efron the eity and from miles around
eh tt » Italians themselves, although at first
timid and ertain as to what the unusual
s tivity al the Camps meant, became car-
ried Away th the spectacle and gathered in

chattering groups on the hillsides and watched

the evolutions with as much delight as 0 many

children at the eireus
It was the movernents preliminary to the re-

view at 4 o'clock im the afternoon which agi-
tuted the colony of workmen and their famt-
ated th

rive rattling of drums, the sharp notes of

4 hfes ind the bugle calls echoing from hill to
y2) all up and down the valley set the inmates

of the Italian bives buzzing and swarming out
ye tho atreets ike so many excited bees, All
ia rrsof wild rumors as to the meaning of the
movements ran like wildfire among them,
1 ronged all the way from stories that a
‘ round-up was on, to be accompanied
t slaughter, to stortes that
Ay bussador Fava had ordered an Italian inva-
¢

)

eneral
a general
!

yand that the Ainericans were in fullretreat
terior of the country. Many of them
vineed that it was an evacuation

§
rthe in

 
 

at thot roton Dam country by the soldiers
rice did pot surprise ther, for in their own
he -they know that the strike is a failure
and the wve found out by the object lesson
of that Wholesale gathering in of obstreperous
le

‘nat ngs are accompanied by consequences

do. not care to ineur
Ryt they soon found out that it was only a

which they

review and when the soldiers were at last
massedin acompact little army down on the
broad ‘eve! dump heaps where companies D,
“ i || are camped they made a general
sea for choles seats from which to view the
ep The steep hillside which rises from
t! ,couth side of the dump heaps formed a sort
of wri odstand and was soon kaleidoscopte with
the gay colors of the Italian women’s Sunday
fir In ull the large crowd that saw the really

-\ve sight no persons were more delighted

 

{i

or ore continuous in their applause than
the Imdians asthe fine cavalry troops and the
fir) gray ranks of the Seventh swung by Gen
Roo and the reviewing offleers. Probably

ver before in the history of the Seventh or of
troops was a review held under
conditions or in more
turesque surroundings From headquarters
as the different detachments were assembling
for the parade ground the
striking that Gen Roe and
officers of his staff who watched
{t through their fleld) glasses spoke of
the striking picture it made with enthusiasm,
The winding road the cavalrymen had to fol-

low, first up the hill and then down the hill and
thenup again and down again, winding past
the spot Where poor Douglass was murdered,
was the basework of a beautiful picture, Come-
panies Land K marched down from their lofty
perch on the steep hill above headquarters,
Where they are encamped, and followed Troop
t over the Bowery bridge, while the rematning
ravalry came down another road from the eleva-
tion near the south cable anchorage. Elundreds
of visitors in carriages and on foot had been
feat in from the eity and all the surround-

ne
the cavalry
pore interesting
by

marching
wus 80

and
goene
the

ne country for niles and when the men were‘at
warly a thou-

ast drawn up in line, probably t
sand spectators were ibled Capts
Badgley and Debevoise commanded Troops A
and C respectively and Col Appleton was in his
place at the head of the Seventh, Gen Roe
and his stall were cuustered in a compact group
with the General infront close up against the
steep hillside to the south It was about as
poor abo ilder-strewn, uneven parade ground
as could beimagined, but it wasin keeping with

e distinetly business-like character which the
military display here has had from the
The men looked as

  

NSE

 

  

‘
moment the force arrived
t

 

nzed and rugged as the ground they
1 wdover, They were soldiers to the last
man of them

Kut there was another movement of the sol-
rsin the early morning which first aroused
he Italians to the possibilities ot the day being
aneventfulone., Capt. Lydecker of. Company
H, seventh Regiment, had the misfortune to
break his leg on Saturday night. He had been
attending the camp fire given by Troop A and
Was returning to the camp of the division he
commanded, Companies D, G and H. The night
was dark asa pocket with a fine drizziing rain
falling aod the Captain in crossing a trench
Reur the sonth cable anchorage stepped off
a bridge and fell about six feet, snapping
the bone of his right leg close to the
ankle. He was assisted to the camp, where
Dr Brooks and Huddleston set the leg
This morning a little after 9 o'clock he was car-
ried on aatretcher from his tent and placed in
anambulance ;Then thejthree companies, with
fife and drum corps at thete head playing “Old
Lang Syne,"' marched to the Bowery bridge,
where they drew up in solid lines that reaohed
all the way across both sides of the bridge, and
when:\the ambulance passed through their
ranks each company gave three cheers and
it company yell by way of wishing the Cape
tain good-by and a speedy recovery With
an escort of four men Capt. Lydecker was
carried to Croton Landing. . A member of
Company H had made a pair of rough crutches
for him and with these he was able to walk
to the spectal car which had been provided
Kefore leaving he telegraphed for a pair of new

 

 

  

 

erutches to be brought to the Grand Central
Btation, but he did not forget his camp crutches
end w he got to New York he telegraphed
that thanks to them he had arrived safely

hfef Surgeon Henry says he ought to bearound

 

Og ain in -ixn weeks
Onthe same train which carried Capt. Ly-
and which left Croton Landing at 11:55
her invalided offleer Capt) Robert
i of Company I Cupt MeLean was
ing from an attack of rheumatism before
wuphere  Atfirsthe improved, as have
yof themen who were ailing when they
ine, but yesterday the rheumatism’ toc
for the worse and to-day the Captain's
Were so affected that he could not walk
pares Land K lined upon the crest of the

i him hearty cheers as he waa
fon a stret@her from the head-
ive toan ambulance, to which the
ried by waving his hand good-by
ieutenanr, now Brevet-Captain, Duval of the
i Central Read had telegraphed the
rtation to do all possible to
roft ss comfortable. A special
t ir owas attached to the train
riewtit and they qde to New York
fours in the baggage compartment,
| eases and a slight bruise which
ytd ergot the offleers and men of all the
! fs are in splendid condition Major
surgeon in charge of all the
ivs he never knew so little sickness
pment
erstrom the three companies, A, B
endl ire at the quarry, came down by
‘| iid Were present to congratulate

oer on their promotions which
eos cael

 

 
  
 

 

  

 

@er-3a -—

ust before the Seventh broke
wing ecommunieation from

T,CROTON,N ¥
nih Hey

April 22, 1900
ment, N. G@. N.Y
nform vou that
' * eone
rang
service of over
Williars tlh Kipp
Mater A \\ ver to
tof rel pf Charles I
William C. Fisk to
vierto be Maior
vor, First Lieut
‘Captain These come
I April 14, and it
wtthem atthe ree
ith on April 17
ment to vour come
CHances F. Ror

Troop A last evening was
rer ; 1 social nature
» troops arrived, It
ind his staf as well
an inv. of the offleers
indred the Seventh
s, songs and speeches were
Lydecker's misfortune
er the onl npleasant in-

 

tne tne

by .

 

 

  

  

mer sf
en of

 

P {this evening that the entire
ere until to-morrow night at

e would not speak. There
tiorrow does not develop
the situation
relieved and will set out
da mor a This is. the
tvof then and seme of the
t toe who knows
\t all events toemorrow is
, atthe restof the strikers
a ! tare going to do. Mr. Coleman
eoutractors said that
ion foedas that practically
wanted to go to work and
would present thernselves
rong This came to the firm
Italians, who came over from

" purpose to give the information

e™MOn ls positive that by Wednesday he

 

 

e the worse in

   
 

hiv Gren

ren

 

eee eS RE SS
— ss
ee

a

will have his full force at work. Nobody takes
any stock in the threats made by.the [talians
er last week that those who went to work
would quit again when the soldiers leave and
that then there would be trouble
» ‘While itis possible there may be sporadic as-
sAnita and fights ainong the Italians themselves
before things get back to their normal condi-
tion, the ardor for general) rioting is thoroughly
cooled. It is a curious feature of the situation
that the Italians do not seem to bear the slight-
eat ill will to the soldiers. The character of men
in the ranks as well as among the officers is so
high and so apparent that the strikers instinet-
ively respect them While the military treatment
of the situation has been relentlessly firm, there
has been a gentieness and kindness of attitude
on the part of the soldiers in all cases of per-
sonal contact with the foreigners which han}
nosmall share in bringing themlinto the more
tractable frame of mind which is evidently
growing among them Jt ia the opinion
of Col Olin, as wellas other members of Gen
Roe's staff, that the experience of this
strike will have valuable resulta in the
handling of other similar troubles that
may arise. They believe that) had only
the two companies remained there would
have been petty confiicta resulting in bitter
feeling on both sides and probably ultimate
bloodshed with all that that means of agitation
and demagaguery throughout the country
Whereas by the sending of an overwhelming
force the d{aposition to riot and to assault men
who wanted to work was suppressed

There were no poraneee services in the compe
to-day, but in the Catholic Chapel, down the
valley below the dam, Father Moran had a
service which was attended by many of tha
povere as well as by the usual large number of
tallans

 

ATTACKS GEN. ROE NOW.

Major Smith of the Fist (Relieved) Sends on
Charges-Ex-Gov. Black a Witness?

Major Clinton H. Smith of the Seventy-first
Regiment, who was relieved from duty in De-
cember, 1508, and has been seeking to have his
case reviewed by the courts, has now preferred
charges to the Governor against Major-Gen.
Roe, commanding the National Guard of the
State. A week ago Major Smith's counsel,
Col Alexander 8. Bacon, attacked Gov. Roose-
velt in a pamphlet

One of Major Smith's charges against Gen.
Roe is based on Gen. Roe's affidavit {n Major
Smith's mandamus proceeding {in the Supreme
Court, The charge quotes Gen. Roe as saying

that “Order 129 (relieving Major Smith froin
duty) was issued by meafter consultation with
and with the approval of my immediate supe-
rior, the then Governor, Hon. Frank S Black.”
This statement, Major Smith declares, was un-
true and he says he can prove that Gov. Black
was not consulted. It isintimatedthat he would
eall Mr. Black as a witness, He also excepts to
Gen. Roe’s statement that the ordewas issued
for the maintenance of discipline nd the best
interest of the service,"’ which he says does not
agree with a statement made by Gen. Roe for
publication when the order was itssued to
the effect that it was not intended to reflect
upon Major Smith, but was designed to relieve
him from poentee embarrassment while prepar-
ing his defence

One more “charge” accuses Gen. Roe of con-
spiracy with Capt. Bleecker and Capt. Meeks of
the Seventy-first Kegiment to make publio
articles derogatory to Major Smith. A still
further charge is “oppression.” Major Smith
says that Gen. Roe demanded his resignation
with a threat that if it was not forthcoming
articles would be published reflecting upon his
conduct in the Cuban campaign: compelled
him also to ask for @ court of inquiry under
pain of going before the State board, and
managed the court of inquiry as a further
engine of oppression. Pretty much all this has
been said before by Major Binith’s counsel in
court.

CROTON LANDING, April 22.~—Gen, Roe said to-
day that he had heard nothing, either officially
or otherwise, of any charges preferred by
Major Smith against him, and that if there
were such charges he was ignorant of the fact.
Beyond this statement he declined to make any
comment.

 

THE RIGHT TO LABOR,

 

 

A Conspicuous Defender of It in Paterson Is
Recorder Senior,

PATERSON, N. J., April 22.—Several new ele-
ments of uncertainty have entered into the
contest for the office of Recorder in this city.
The peculiar conditions of the contest for this
office have ulready been told in THE Sun,
When strikes have been in progress in Pater-
son during his term of office the present Ke-
corder, George B. Senior, has invartably in-
sisted that men have aright to go toand from
their work without molestation. He has con-
victed and fined strikers who were shown by
the evidence to be guilty of interfering with
the business of their former employers or with
the occupation of the men and women who
took the places which they had left vacant.

That ia the reason why the labor unions of
Paterson and those who sympathize with them
are devoting their attention to the defeat of
Recorder Senior, whose term of office is about

toexpire Also it is the reason why great num-
bers of citizens have enlisted in the cause of
the Magistrate and are determined to vindicate
him and the course he took by securing his re-
appointment by the Board of Aldermen

Prior to the recent election the labor unfons
demanded @ promise from candidates for
Aidermen that they would vote against the re-
appointment of Recorder Senior All of the
candidates denied that they gave the promise,
but the union representatives reported other-
wise and the unions specifically indorsed two
Aldermanic cardidates. Both of the men thus
specifically indorsed we.e defeated, but the

tuation was complicated by the return of a
Board of Aldermen which is evenly divided be-
tween Democrats and Hepublicans. Kecorder
Senior {s a Republican, and even those Demo-
erats who favor him are very likely to vote first
for a party candidate

Under a recent enactment the outgoing
Board of Alderinen had the power to fill certain
city offices instead of the incoming board) An
attempt to make the appointments further
complicated the situation, Alderman Post, a
Republican, voting with the Democrats in the
negative on a motion to proceed to the appoint-
ment of clty officers These appointments
were thus thrown over to the new board, which
has not a Republican majority

While the office of Recorder was not pmong
those that might have been filled by the ol
board, the peculiar action of Alderman Post in
deserting his party placed the Recordership
contest inan odd condition. Much will depend
upon the action of this Alderman when the new
board meets, and, in the meantime, a number
of new candidates have arisenin. both parties,
Among these are William J. St. Lawrence and
forraer Police Justice Frank Van Cleve on the
Democratic side and Foster Freeman on the
Republican side. But the friends of Recorder
Senior are still confident that he will be reap-
wointed, and should it chance that he is de-
Feated, he will contest the action of the Board of
Aldermen in the courts under the Veterans’
act, which forbids the removal of a veteran ex-
cent for case,

The new Board of Aldermen will meet {na few
days and its action on the Recordership ques-
tion is awaited with interest

 

THE ENTIRE MILL,
Strike Because a Woman Did Too Mach Work
Results Seriously.

Lowen, Masa, April 22.—Alvin 8S. Lyon,
agent of the Bigelow Carpet Company's plant
here, announced to-day that the ingrain miil
will be shut down to-morrow. This ia the mill
where the weavers struck because a woman in-
sisted on doing more work than the others
The decision to close the mill was made yester-
day after a conference between the agent and
the offleers of the company in Boston. Agent

Lyon said

“This announcement will no doubt come as a
big surprise to the strikers, as it will throw sev-
eral modred menand women, who are now
at work ont of employment, but with the
weavers and spinners out to the number of 400,
it would bea poor policy to keep the mill min-
ning, unless | fill in the vacancies with non-
union labor

“The demand made by the strikers is ridieu-
The strikers’ committee said that | was
employing non-union labor, as they had ex-
pelled Jessie Derry from the unien. Ta ked
wiat rule she had broken and when they told
me she had broken the rule limiting the amount
ot work, P said that the sooner such a rule wag
broken the better it would be for the union and
I refused to interfere and now that the

TO SHUT DOWN

 

jous

forme
strikers persist in staying ont [ have decided
to close down the mill and await develope
ments.”

Strikes To-day on Broadway Buildings,

Genero! «trikes have been ordered against the
Fuller Constructing Company on buildings at
Broadway and Cedar street and at Broadway
and Chambers street, where it is alleged that
non-union electrical workers are employed
{bout five hundred men will be involved. The
Board of Walking Delegates and the Buildings
Trades Council have united tn ordering the

 

strike
Queens Carpenters Demand the Light-Hour
Tay.

Philip Gibbons, delegate of the Carpenters’
Union in the borough of Queens, announced
vesterday that the members of the union have
demanded the eight-hour work day without

reduction of wages. The demand is to go into

effect on June it

“If You See It in ‘The San,’ It's So."’
This is usually aa trae of an advertisement as
of a news or editorial statement,”—Ado,

|
|

nad |

———

THE PRESIDENT AT CHURCH.

SITS IN MORRIS K, JESUP'S PEW AND
MEARS A SERMON ON CHINA,

Gen. and Mrs, Harrison Call and Seo Mrs.
McKinley Also Gov, Roosevelt and Cor-
nellus N. Bliss Both Visitors Mrs. McKinley
Takes a Long Drive--Off for Washington,

President McKinley went to the Brick Pres-
byterian Church yesterdey morning as the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Morris K. Jesup, and
heard a talk on China as a missionary fleld by
the Rev. J. H. Laughlin, for many years a
Preabyterian missionary to China. It was an
interesting address on the needs and possibill-
ties for Christianizing and eivilizing the Chi-

nese Empire

The President and his private secretary, Mr,
Cortelyou, drove up to the church in Mr
Jesup's carriage about five infnutes before 11
o'clock. The small crowd in front of the church
uncovered as the President, assisting Mrs. Bliss
from the carriage, entered the church. The
party was ushered to Mr Jesup’s pew about
half way down the main aisle. The Rev. Malt-
bie D. Babcock, pastor of the church, prayed
“for all those associated in authority
over us,” and for the ‘‘Christianizing of
the isles of the sea,’ shortly after the
President entered and then introduced
Mr. Laughlin. The church was crowded
Mr. Laughlin told how the Empress Dowager
was working enthusiastically to put a stop to
the encroachments of Western civilization in
China by closing the schools which the young
Emperor had fostered and which were presided
over largely by missionary teachers from the
United£States. Toward the close of bis ad-
dress, Mr. Laughlin said that he was not sure
but that God had raised up the Empress
Dowager for the special purpose of showing to
the people of the Weatern world the need of
Christian missionaries in China, thus inspiring
great interest in missionary work there

But I want to tell you, my friends," said Mr.
Laughlin, “that the missionaries out there
preach and teach other things besides Christ
and Im crucified. For instance, |have a ser-
mon on railroads, got up under five distinct
heads, and I have preached it dozens of times
in China, that the natives might get a correct
notion of what a well-equipped, well-operated
railroad ig like and what a mighty good thing it
is for the country through which it runa.”’

When the service was over the strangers in
the congregation made arush for points of van-
tage in the vestibule immediately in front of the
doors opening upon the main aisle. Kut they
never got there. They found that the powers
that be at the Brick Church are rather sticklers
for sedate behavior. In the first place, every-
body who had seate opening on the main
aisle remained in the pews until the Presi-
dent's party had passed out. This in-
sured a clear aisle Moreover, a8 soon
as the benediction had been pronounced
ushers had clused and locked two seta of «lass
doors on either aide of the vestibule just within
the outside doors, which shut off those sections
of the vestibule into which the congregation
from the side aisles and galleries come. The
result was that the President hada clear pas-
sage from his pew to the carriage

When the President got to his hotel he
found Gov. Roosevelt, Gen Francis V_ Greene
and Frederick Holls waiting for him. The four
chatted together for ten for fifteen minutes in
the main parlor Seth Low called shortly after-
ward and remained soine time. When he had
gone the President went to luncheon In the
afternoon he received calis from Willfam
Dodge, A _D Juilliard, Prof. Nicholas Murray
Butler and two or three others. About 3 0'clock
he went fora drive with Abner McKinley, re-
turning in aboutan hour. A few minutes after
he returned from the drive Gen, and Mrs. Har-
rison called and remained fifteen minutes

Mrs McKinley was quite herself again yes-
terday morning and about 11 o'clock went, for
a long drive with Mrs. Abner McKinle When
Gen. and Mrs. Harrison called the President
asked them to come Into his private parlor, us
Mrs. MeKinley wanted to see them

Cornelius N° Bliss came to. the hotel at 0:45
o'clock to take President and Mrs. Mckinley to
the train for Washington In front of the hotel
a thousand men and women were gathered, and
when the party came out of the building there
was an outburst of applause, followed by a suc-

 

cession of cheers, These continued until the
carriage, with its escort of four mounted
policemen, — was well down _Madison
avenne here go the next. President

and Vice-President,” said a bystander, It
was the most enthusiastic informal demonstra-
tion of the President's visit The party went
to Jersey City by the Twenty-third Street
Ferry he President's private car was later
attached to the train which left for Washing-
tonat midnight

In Jersey City Police Captain Cody of the
Gregory street station was at the Pennsylvania
Railroad depot with three uniformed policemen
and escorted the party from the boat to the
cars, Detectives Doyle, Clark and Lee from
headquarters were also at the depot. Capt.
Cody was asked the cause of the police damon-
stration and said it was nothing unusual.
President McKinley bowed to the small assem-
blage and thanked the officers for their atven-
tion

The President's programme for the summer
has been partly arranged = Farly In July he
and Mrs MeKinley will go to Canton for about
three weeks They will then return to Wash-
{ington and a little later in the summer they will
go away somewhere for a month.

 

NOT EVEN A SEA SERPENT.

 

Alarm on the Bridge Over a Ramor That
Somebody Had Jumped Off.

Asacorollary to the Bridge-jumping feat of
Marie Dinse on Friday there was a little stir on
the Bridge yesterday afternoon. Some trifling
accident on a trolley car on the south roadway
about half past 5 caused a blockade,and a man
anda woman, becoming weary of sitting still in
their car, which was stalled near the Brooklyn
tower, stepped off and walked over to the rail-
ing. Nothing more sensational was in the man’s
mind than to point out the spot in the river
where Miss Dinse went in, but this fact was not
appreciated by several excitable persons, who
arose and shouted in wild chorus:

“Don't let him jump!"

“Hold her!”

“They're both going!"

“Police!”

“Who jumped?”

“There they are!"

“Is he drowned?”

Straightway a few hundred people got off the
long line of cars and, rushing to the rall, stared
at the water. Most of them were of the opinion
that at least two persons had jumped. A few
of the more imaginative hoped that it might be

the sea serpent. Down below, two tugs, at-
tracted by the attention of the crowd, hovered
about. Bridge Policeman Bohn, who was not
far away, came up at the double quick and de-
manded to know who had jumped or was Jump-
ing or meditated jumping

Nobody could tell because the couple who
had innocently started the excitement had re-
turfedtotheircar Then Sergt Hayes came
up with a dozen men, having heard the report
The sergeant isa man of experience in Bridge
matters and knows that for every Bridge-
jurnper there are a dozen fakes, so he was not
vustiy amazed on learning that nothing had
happened = fle suggested that the passengers
return to the cars They did so andthe cara
movedon After waiting half an hour down
helow for the prospective jumpers to arrive, the
two tues hooted derisively and also moved on

SWIFT & CO!S BUTCHERS STRIKE.

Forty Stop Work Because of the Introduction
of Machinery,

 

Forty butchers employed in Swift & Co.'s
three New York abattoirs have struck against
the alleged intreduction here of the Chicago
aystern of killing The strikers say that this
means also the Clhieago rate of wages and that
the strike will extend to the shops of all the em-
ployers who have business arrangements with
the company The abattoirsare at Forty fifth
street and First avenue, West Thirty-ninth
street near the North Kiver, andat Fifty-ninth

street and Kleventh avenue The strike went
into effect last Thursday
Only sheep, lambs and calves, which are

known as small cattl, are slaughtered here,
aud under the New York method machinery

was not used = T nen workedin teams of
two, and received $10 a hundred for the animals
they killed and dressed for market A good

man could earn, on an average, $6 a day, the
strikers say Last Thursday when they
went to the Fifty-ninth street abatroir
they found thirty or forty young men from the
West at work killing and dressing by machinery
in the Chiengo wa The wages for this are 35
cents an hour fhe New York butehers com.
plained to their union anda strike was ordered

Hagh Mecfaagilin Weighs 210 Pounds.

Hinegh MeLaughlin, who has been ill sinee his
return to Brooklyoa from Florida ten days ago,
took along ride ina trolley car yesterday Hla
treat went fo Third avenne and Thirty-ninth
street and then on nis return crossed the Bridge
and came back again, going then to his Rome
hie toldan intimate trend that he was gaining
strength every day He jumped ona scale yes
terday and the dial showed that he weighed 210

«

 

i

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

Bishop Potter recently witnessed a theatrical

 

 

WELLAND CANAL ATTACKED

 

performance in this city, and according to lis | paw ATTEMPT TO DESTROY LOCK. No.

own statement, made ata ‘meeting held in New
York last spring, it was the first tlme he had
attended a New York theatre” Le explained,
when he made the address which contained
this remark, that he had no objection to theatre
going, and had merely refrained from it him-
self because he thought that it was wiser on his
bart) He has at various times in his life had
various actors as intimate friends. For
many years Charlotte Cushman occupied the
house adjoining his at Newport, and old John
Gilbert, for «o long at Wallack's, waa another of

‘a theatrical friends. It is concerning him
that Bishop Potter tells an amusing story, With
4 clerical friend he one day got into one of the
old Broadway stages. Mr. (iilbert bowed to the

Bishop, who had not atthat time acquired his
title. When the opportunity came his friend
asked the name of the distinguished-looking
man on the opposite seat and learned that he
wasanactor, “Oh!"' he answered, with a look
of surprise. “I thought from that dignified
how that he must be at least a bishop.”’ Bisho:
Potter told thisstory at a meeting of the Chure
and Stage Society, in which he was much inter-
ested at the outset of its existence.

 

Profits of the opera singers are always in-
teresting reading for persons who like to think
that it is easy for at least one set of workers to
make money, however hard it may be for the
rest of the world, One etatistician has
reckoned that the greatest amonnt this year
will go to Mme, Sembrich, who returns to
Europe at the end of the season here with about
$95,000 to represent her six months’ work in
this country. Her first appearance here was
made on Oct. 1, and her last will be made on
May 14, and during this long period she bas
kept In health, in addition to receiving unpre-
cedented high fees for concert and festival
appearances. Mme. Calvé will come next in the
Mst with about $65,000to her credit, and after
this comes Mmes. Eames and Nordica with
about $40,000 each, M. Van Dyke would have
carried back to Belgium about $65,000 if his
health had been good, but he lost many
appearances on account of sickness andthe same
misfortune interfered with the prospects o
Mme Ternina andM Saléza. M. Edouard de

eszke, who makes more money thanany other

asso in the world, has not sung 80 frequently
this season as he did last and his profits will not
be so great. Last season he sometimes sang as
often as seven times 4 week and in one month
earned $12,000 In order to prevent his too
audden accumulation of wealth Mr. Grau
adopted with him a sliding scale by which he
received a diminished salary after he had sung
more than a certain number of times every
month. It isouly the great artista in the com-
pany who earn large sums, as those in the
smaller roles are not very well paid in compari-
son with the principals

 

One way of wearing @ mustache which isa
novelty for New York, although common
enough abroad, is now seen frequently here. It
{is not to be regarded, however, as an especially
desirable fashion in any way. It was displayed
here first by a prominent architect who had just
returned from Parts, where he had seen the
style for the first time His friends were not
able to say truthfully thatthey admired it, nor
were they more reconciled to the mode after it
had grown more general, The mustache is
trained to grow up instead of down at the ends

andthe upper ip is shaved at both ends ina
was that gives the moustache the appearance
of growing only from the centre of the lip an
notat the ends as well The effect is rather
Japanese than French, gives the face a sardonia
axpression and has an appearance of artifleial-
ity that gives the style rather the charm o
some exotic fashion, like a dwarfed tree ora
cedar growing in the form of some animal, than
the more substantial beauty supposed to reside
{na mustache This method of trimming a
mustache has grown populart during the winter,
however, and the only encouraging incident o
the vogue is that it requires too much trouble
to remain permanently popular

“This new elevator system is a great thing
for the elevator man, but some of the people in
this place don't seem to take to it just right,"
said theelevator man He was talking about
the system by which the car does not stop un-
less the intending passenger pushes a button
placed somewhere in the hall opposite the ele-
vators. Under this system the old cries of “Up
seven” and “Down eleven’ no longer ring up
and down the elevator shaft. The ele-
vator man pointed ont an eminent mem-
ber of the New York bar -one of the
ten best-known lawyers in the city--who
was just passing out into Nassau street
andcontinued) “For an absent-minded man
like hin thissystem fs something awful He
came out of his office on the dead run the other
day with his hat fn one hand and a lot of papers
{nthe other. I saw him just as he came out of
the door. Hemadea break for the door of the
elevator, but of course [couldn't stop When he
saw I was going by him he just Jumped up and
down on his toes and yelled as loud as he could

“Oh, button, button, button!’

“Everybody {nthe car let outa roar and he
hasn'tspoken to me since They say he was
after having me fired for a while, but I don't
see as how {t was altogether my fault if he
was going nutty

 

IF YOU
ARE SICK

 

\ S t i : os
Better taka no medicine at a!l than take the
wrong kind.--MUNYON.

 

 

IF you are tired of paying big doctor's
bills—

IF you have tried all sorts of remedies
without finding the sought-for relief—

IF you have tried all the so-called old-
fashioned cures, and found them of no
avail-

IF you really want to get well-and of
course you do-—-you should certainly try
Munyon’s list of Remedies

IF you have a cold, try Munyon's Cold
Cure; it breaks any cold in a few hours and
prevents pheumonia or grippe

IF you have rheumatism, try his Rheu-
matism Cure; it seldom fails to relieve any
form of rheumatism in a few hours; gen-
erally effects a cure before one vial is used,

1F you have any kidney trouble, try his
Kidney Cure; its curative success has called
forth thousands of testimonials.

IF you are troubled with Gyppepne. in-
digestion or any stomach trouble, try his
Dyspepsia Remedy ; it is simply wonderful
in giving a speedy and sure cure

IF your blood is out of order, try his
Blood Cure; it purifies the blood and tones
up the entire system

IF you have a child who is weak and
emaciated, let him use Munyon's General
Debility Cure

IF there is a mother or sister who has
been unable to find relief from their phy-
sicjans, Professor Munvon earnestly asks
them to try his Female Remedies

LF the little ones have the whooping cough
or croup, or are irritated with worms, Mun-
you's Remedies for Children’s Diseases will
cure them and give renewed health and
strength to the Jittle folks

IF a 2h-cent vial of these remedies has
cured others, it will certainly cure you and
those belonging to you. Why not give
thematnal’ they are perfectly harmiess
and almost invariably cure before one vial
is used

IF you think you need medical advice,

why not consult Munyon's Specialists all
skilled doctors of high attainments
IF you call at the office, No. 907 Broad-

way, for advice, vou will receive the most
careful examination from these physicians,
who are graduates of leading colleges, and
no charge will, te made either for the ad-
vice or exampiition.

907 BROADWAY (Cor. 20th).

‘

|

94 AT THOROLD, ONT.

An Explosion of Dynamite That Shook the—

Village as Though by an Earthquake-All
Foar of the Gates of the Lock Damaged
“Three Men Arrested on Suspicion.

Niagara Faia, N. Y., April 22.—An attempt |

was made last evening to destroy Lock No. 24
of the Welland Canal at Thorold, Ont. Three
men are under arrest and held in the jail in
Niagra Falls, Ont., right across the river from
here
lock occurred between 6 and 7 o'clock, and the
village of Thorold was shaken as though by an
earthquake. An immediate investigation re-
vealed that the explosion was at Look 24 on the
Welland Canal. This lock ts the highest on the
line and islocated in the outskirts of the vil-
lage, at a point where men who sought to work
on such a plot might easily pass unseen, eape-
clally at this time of year, before navigation
has opened. People who hurried from their
homes reported to the Thorold police that three
men had been seen hurrying away from the
scene of the explosion as though making for the
border. Dynamite was the explosive used

The police of Niagara Falls, Ont., were noti-
fled and constables started from Thorold in
pursuit of the suspects. At about 9 o'clock last
night three men were arrested in Niagara lalls,
Ont.,, on suspicion. They were taken before
Magistrate Logan. Oneof the men, about 28
years old, tall and smooth-faced, gave his name

as John Walsh of Washington. The second man
gave the name of John Nelson of Philadelphi
and said he was 82 years old He is short an
stout and has a dark brown mustache. Th
third man refused to give his name and woul
gay nothing. They were held for further ex-
amination at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning
The police appear very confident that they
have the right men. One of the men is said to
have stopped for a week atthe Hotel Dolphin
in this city. Asearchof the room revealeda
quantity of fuse such as is used in connection
with explosives. All day to-day the police here
have been trying to locate the boarding places
of the other two men, who are believed to
have stopped on this side of the river at dif-
ferent places in order to pass unnoticed

While all four of the gatea of the lock are
more or leas damaged, it Is not believed that
the damage is sufficient to prevent the opening
of the canal for navigation next Tuesday, as
intended. Two new gates will be put in, but
this will take only two days. Had the lock
gates been blown out, as the dynamiters
intended to do, the whole upper lever, a milo
long, would have flooded through and de-
stroyed the lower levelsfof the canal The dyna-
mite had been placed at about the centre of the
lock, which is 270 feet long. 1t was in two parcels
one on each bank, and each package contained
eight sticks. It was discharged by batteries.
The wires were found, but the dynamiters
made away with the batteries, The
charge used might easily be calculate
to wreck the lock, but it didn't. The
three men under arrest had been loiter-
{ng around the locks all the afternoon and
have been identified by two canal employees
who saw them running away. When the ex-
plosion occurred the thought uppermost in the
minds of the people in and about Thorold was
thatthe deed was the work of Boer sympa-
thizers, but to-day a new theory has taken pos-
session of the people on both sides of the
border.

It was believed in Welland and in Clifton
to-night that the dynamiting was the work of
Buffalo scoopers, who wanted to prevent Con-
tractor Conners from diverting the grain trade
to Montreal. Mr. Conners, who hadthe contract
last year for handling all grain at Buffalo, has
under development a scheme to handle {t at
Montreal instead of Buffalo and, while this

roject cannot be put in operation this season,
ne purposes to sendasmucherain as possible by
way of Montreal thisseason Of couraethe Wel-
laud Canal ts the necessary connecting line
hetween Lakes Frie and Ontario and the destruc
tion_of this waterway would abruptly terminate
Mr.Conners’s calculations. It is fair to the scoop-
ers toaay that neither the police of Canada nor
of the United States have been able to connect
them with the dyvnamiters. Indeed, they seemed
to show little iternest in the affair to-day. But
the people of Clifton were so wrought up by
this theory that to-night they readily accepted
a report that 400 scoopers had started from Buf-
falo for Clifton to release the prisoners, Chief
Youngs of the Dominion police did not
credit the report, but to allay the fears of his
people he swore {n 200 deputies and posted scouts
along the frontier us faras Fort Erie to be pre-
pared for the invasion. The three prisoners
will be arraigned before Police Justice Logan
to-morrow

The Niagara Falls, Ont, jail is in the base-
ment of the Town Hall, and the police thera
have had notice to be ontheir watch to-night
to prevent a release of the men under arrest by
force. For this reason a double guard will do
duty to-night.

DE ATE MOURNS A FEW DEAD BILLS.

The Birds Wont Sing in Allen Street Yet and
the Old Essex Market Court Must Do.

The members of the swell set of the Martin
Engel Association were not in the best of humor
when they met yesterday at the usual Sunday
conference for the discussion of matters of
State Joe Cohen, President of the Allen Street
Literary Club, walked around the room with
one hand in his trousers pocket, stroking his
whiskers with the other Rosey the Lawyer
remained in the corner ina deep brown study
and the eloquence of J. Choate Pearlman, sec-
retary of the Essex Market Bar Association,
failed to arouse any response from him but the
remark, oft repeated, “trun down, trumdown.”

The cause of the sorrow was the official an-
nouncement that the bills prepared by the
organization and presented tothe Legislature
by Assemblyman Isasy Cohn, appropriating
$000,000 for a new municipal building in FPssex
street, providing for a public park in Allen
street and authorizing the distribution of free
ice, had fallen by the wayside One only had
died an unnatural death

“Yos,"’ declared J. Choate Pearlman, who
made the announcement, “it was throttled in
the house of ita friends It passed both houses
and would have been signed by the Governor,

but when our Mayor, our own Tammany
Mayor,got hold of it, he strangled it because he
said wo did not need it My God, when I think
of it! Did Mayor Van Wyck ever come into the
Essex Market court on a warm day in summer
when there had beena raidon the fish ped-
lers? Did heever bet ona bed bugs’ go-as-
you-please race over the Judge's desk? T guess

not

“That bill was needed and it was all right
The bar association was to have a smoking
parlor right on the ground floor. The steerers

cated in a tower on the southeast corner of the
building. (There was 4 groan from every cor-
ner of the room, and Rosey the Lawyer sobbed
aloud.)] Then there was to be a room provided
for bondsmen, who could thus be reached ata
moment's notice. Yet this great public improve-
ment, Which would have sent all this money
down our way, was, as 1 said before, assassi-
nated. The only thing we can rejoice over is that
our honored leader has called the Mayor down
He told the Mayor the other night that the bill
would be passed over his veto next year. We
are not dead yet, boys.”

“Boys,” sald Joe Cohen, President of the

Allen Street Literary Club, “my heart is too |

full of emotion to adequately announce to you
that we wont get that park in Allen street. I
had pictured to myself the birds singing in the
trees
could see the red lights gleaming through the
boughs and hear the sweet strains of music
wafted by the breezes. All of us wereinter-
ested in reforming Allen street and the failure
of this bill to become a law is a bitter disap-
pointment to the boys of my club.”

This resolution, as offered by Bottles Bottle-
stone, was unanimously adopted

“Vereas, Ve have peen trowed down, dat ve
motions dat our honored Assemblyman is undt
villgondinue to be our gonfidence man, undt
dot ve vill vait undil nexdt vear ven der pills
vill be bassed mit owid Van Wyck’s veto.”

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

THE SUN hasrec iv dfor the Sergeant Douglass
Fund $1.0) from “Cash, St. Johnsville.”’
Six-year-old George Crix of 497 Tenth avenue,
while playing onthe pler atthe foot of Thirty fourth
stree!, vesterday afternoon fellinte the riverand was
drowned ®
David Freedmin, 13 years old, who Killed his
Osk, Ina fight oF Mareh 3) bas
custody of the Gerry Soclety pend

    

 

Dr. Madison C, Peters, lately of the Re

The Rev
formed Chureh, filed yesterday the puipit of the Rev

Dr, Robert S. MacArthur at Calvary Baptist Chure),
The subjectof bis evening sermon was “Why I ne.
came a Baptist.” e reasons given were purely
doctrinal
Harris Goodstein, clothing manufacturer at 463
Canal street, and Nicola Selalercto of 6 Prince street
were held yesterday by the Coroner per ding an Inouest
ints the death of Jacob Feinber® of 108 Division
street, who was beaten to death while applying for
work in Goodstein s store last Tuesday
Jef?!’ Gaffney, allas Thomas Murphy, of 12 Matin
street. known to the police as an ail around erook,
was arrested late on Saturday night o ‘pieion that
ttemoted r

 

 

 

     

he was concerned in an ft
Williams s warehouse at 300 Water n W
day night Magistrate Zeller ye rem

him to the Oak street station

Huy Your 1900 Wheel at O'Nelll's.

Three grades to pick from. They uatartee every
wheel they sell for the calendar year of 19 0. Prices
are $15.75, $19.75, $24.75 66h ayv., 20tm to 21st st
Abe.

The explosion and attempted ruin of the |!

| but too late to put it into active use this June,

| drew Fo West of Princeton, Prof Butler of Co-

b . ! and Preparatory Sehools of
we need so much in our business were to be lo- |

\ final report on April 28

He Acted Suspictously When the Princess Was
|
'

not on the street as they do now. I |

that Mrs

 

Carment>

though new to Americans,
appreciated

“Aertex” Cellular
Underwear,

is well-known and highly
in Europe.

“Aertex”’ Cellular Underwear is composed of small cells in which

heated.

therefore much healthier.

 

DOES NOT SHRINK.

the air circulates freely, thus preventing the skin from becoming over-

Owing to its cellular construction, this underwear is much lighter
and better ventilated than any other Summer Underwear, and is

“Aertex” Cellular Underwear is very durable, washes easily and

For sale by leading retailers in New York and throughout the

United States.

‘A.N. Loeb & Co.,

576-578 Broadway,

Sole Wholesale Agents

 

 

GIRL ALMOST
SUITOR.

PIFTEEN-YEAR-OLD

KILLED BY REJECTED

 

—_

She Wouldn't Have Anything to Do With Him
and Falling to Gain Possession of Her by
Force He Emptied His Revolver at Her
—Mob Caught Him Afterward as He Filed.

Because she would not consent to marry him,
Max Golb, a tailor of 248 Broome street, fired
tive shots yesterday at Guasie Sachs, the fifteen-
year-old and pretty daughter of Morris and
Yetta Sachs of 36 Stanton street. One bullet
lodged in the right side of the girl's head, an-
other in her right shoulder, two grazed her on
the h!p and hand and one missed her entirely

She is in Gouverneur Hospital, the two bullets
have been extrac:ied and the surgeons last night
yut

yronounced her condition serious hot
opeless :

Golb boarded with the Sachs family until two
months ago, when he was induced to move be-
cause he was constantly annoying Gussie with
marriage proposals, to whieh she and her

arenta were equally disinclined to consent
Mrs. Sachs wasleaving the house yesterday
afternoon, her husband having already gone
out, when she met Golb in the ground floor
He told her that he had come to take Gussie to
the Jewish theatre

“Well, she can't go,” the mother replied,

“and it is no use for you to go up, for she is

notin.’

“All right, I'll_ take alook at the other chil-
dren, anyway,’ Golb answered, and ran up the
stairs. He found Gussie with two of the
younger children, One he sent out of the room
under some pretext Then he seized Gussie by
the throat and tried to ussault her She de- |
fended herself, andaftera struggle, in which a
great part of the furniture was broken or up-
set, Golb pushed the girl away, drew a4 revolver
and emptied it at her

Tbe wounded girl crawled out Into the hall-
way and Golb, throwing the revolver away.
er

  

vast her and past
the shots and was ‘run-

Others had heard the
ersons Were on

rushed downstairs

mother, who had hear
ning back to the roonis
firing, however, and a dozen
Golb’a trail yellin “Murder!” when he

reached the street fe wus pursued by a con-
stantly growing mob and caught at last in For-
syth atecar No policeman being insight the
street station

A neighbor had picked vp the wounded girl in
the meantime, and carried jer down to Graeser’s
drug store at Forsyth and Stanton streets. She
was unconscious and bleeding profusely, The
druggist telephoned to the police and the
Elgridge street detectives were hustled out
while an ambulance was hurrying to Gussie
Sachs's aid. The detectives met Golb and the
mob that had captured him He had been
rather roughly handled and was seared almost
out of his wits when the detectives rescued him
and locked him up.

|
SHOT FOR REFUSING T0 WED,

 

FOR UNIFORM MATRICULATION.
Educators to Report Upona Plan ata Meeting
Here Next Saturday,

The joint committee of the Association of
Colleges and Preparatory Schools of the Middle
States and Maryland, whieh will meet in this
city next Saturday, will probably make an an-
nouncement which {s likely to effect great
changes in the manner of college preparation
and entrance. It is proposed to establish a
central board with representatives from the
different colleges, which shall prepare uniform
sets of college examination papers and act as
aboard of examiners. The entrance tests will
then be conducted simultaneously in every
college represented, and the papers for-
warded to the examiners, who will issue certifi-
cates, based on an agreed system of counts,
which will be received as sufficient to admit the
holder to regular standing by the colleges
represented in the association

This idea was first suggestedin 1806 by Dr A
F. Nightingale, Assistant Superintendent of
Edueation in Chicago at a conference of educn-
tors heldin Denver Hehas been perfecting it
for four years with the codperation of others
interestedin the plan The proposed required
secondary schoo! work in Greek and Latin has
been indorsed by the American Philologieal
Association, that in French and German by the
Modern Language Association, that in history
by the American Historical Society and that in
mathematicos by the Chicago section of the |
American Mathematical Association

When the plan was sugwested in the East a
conference was held at Columbia University,

 

Prot

 

anda sub-committee consisting of An-

lumbia, Prof. Horatio S. White of Cornell, Bod
! White, President of the Association of Colleges
the Middle States |
and Marviand, and Wilson Farrand of
Newark Academy, was appointed to make a

the

|
\

AUERSPERG'’S BUTLER ARRESTED,

Robbed. Her Mother Says,

Joseph B. Lang, a butler employed by Prince
Francis von Auersperg of 326 West Seventy-

eighth street, was arrested last night by
Detectives Day and Donohue of the West
Sixty-eighth street station on suspicion of

having been concerned in the theft last Thurs-
day of $900 worth of jewelry belonging to the
Princess. At the time of the robbery it was

reported that the thief was aman who had got

into the house by pretending that he had been

sentto repair the doorbell which was out of

order

The police, in telling about the arrest, said

D.() Hazard, the Pring s mother,
had insisted that somebody be arrested and had
told them thaton the day of the robbery the
butler had acted in a suspicious manner. On |}
this statement by her Lang was arrested at the

| house, though he protested that he knew |
nothing about the robbery Lang has been in

| the employ of the Prince since last July

ERN

i

 

 

CLEAR HAVANA

 

 

|
\
mob started with him toward the eet

| vidual piece of

for the United States.

  

AN ORNAMENT ©
TO ANY TABLE

Indicative of culti-
vation and correct
taste, alsoa regard
for the stomach,

OLD
CROW
RYE

A Straight,
HAND MADE, SOUR MASH
Ky. Whiskey.

Has never been equalled

H, B KIRK & C i Sole Bottlers,

New York.
OLiEV27t2 CU@UVMLWEUONNNVYEA®
") e
oa

° SILVER 9
» CANDELABRA 5%

 
  

et i

MEG ST ERED

    

   

—— |

Matt ADOPTED JuLy Ret)

\YOLD CRoy,
4

   

  

 

 

 

@ * 9
a e
\@ The Mauser Mfg. Co. ©
@ 0
@ ©
@ ea
@ ©
® o
® 0
® 15th St., bet. B’way & Sth Ave, «
© NEW YORK. S
© «

Ott Zz77D BWANA 222REGO

 

It is not possible to get the style,
fit and finish in a Ready Made
Suit that we put in our MADE
TO ORDER SUITS—and we
charge you no more. The largest
assortment of high-class woolens
in the City.

W. C, LOFTUS & C0.

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge.
Broadway, near 28th Street.

 

CHASED FROM FIELD TO FIELD.

Sunday Rall Players Victims of the Crusade
Against Vice in Queens,

District Attorney John B. Merrill of the Bore
ough of Queens and the police opened the Sune
day campaign at different points yesterday,
While Merrill sent a batch of special deputies
out to orona tosuppress the Sunday dance halle
and saloons, the police raided the Sunday ball
Squads of police spent the day chasing
gangs of ball players from one field to
another Three thousand spectators gathered
in Celtic Park to witness a match game of foote
ball between the Kickams and the Eminetts,
Just before the teams lined up asquad of polices
Inen appeared on the fleid and the guine wag
declared postpoged The spectators hooted
and howled, but % was no use At this poine
the police were determined that the District
Attorney should not wet yead of them In
several precincts there was a gathering-in of
ball players who failed to pack up their traps
and leave when warned

It is understood that dance halls, Sunday
coneerts and the Raines sandwich saloons wil
be wipedout Last year policemen in uniform,
detectives and Raines law inspectors all made
merry together, and there was a happy cone
fusion of female performers, ofleiuds, gambiers
and unwary spectators Mr Merrill prome
ises that things will be different this yearand
the Sunday Observance Sonety of Queens
county is making preparations to aid him

games

 

  

41 KIONDIKE IN AUSTRALIA,

Rich Strike of Placer Gold Reported Sixty

 

 

        
  

Miles From Melbourne,
Vieroria, B.C., April 22 —-A new placer mine
ing fleld, reputed richer than the Klondike, is
described in glowing terms by residents of
Victoria colony, Australia, in letters just ree
ceived by friends here yuriferous terre
tory is near Wedderburn, less$ ore
miles fron: Melbourne. [t was ft LY prose
ted without material ts ver uo.
ecentiy John Bovd recorde ile 1
ind began work within the ory
derburt Khe had bea mittinar de
hole and had sunk two feet © t }
nugseet weighing sixty-one onnees, W rth £20,
His find, of course, filled the distmet With Tine
ers, and man rie elain re now being
worked. The discovery nugget i the best indie

  

rold vet unearthed

DI

rr He fe

AN

ia)
TPM ie oar

CIGAR.

If you appreciate a good cigar, one

that is truly superior in quality and
flavor, smoke La Fernandina, the BES |
clear Havana cigar sold.

Different sizes.

10-15-20-25c.

At allleading cigar dealers and hotels.

MICHAELIS &
BERNARD STAHL & CO..

 

LINDEMAN 459 Broadway N. ¥.

Makers. DISTRIBUTORS.

eee

Caen nn ncaa cca acc e ccc a a ene nn nS TS I A LE ET SF SIT TO CTE SR AE A ST CT EE