—

ee “=

=—S

|

 

rae

  

  
 

ATTEND THE CONFERENCE,

There Were No Business Sessions Yesterday, So |
the Delegates and Missionartes Preached
Throughout the Metropolitan District
What Will Go On at the Conference To-day, |

Although some sturdy and devout Chriatlan |
workers which
omit Sunday from the schedule of days of the
week, yesterday was made distinetly a day of

Peat by the managers of the Roumenical

ference so tar as the conference was ¢ oncerned

There was no conference, no se of the |

conference, no business of the conference, and |

every room atthe Carnegio Hall building used
by the conference managers was closed bven
the attendants at the building had apparently
been instructed to make emphatic as ertions
that the conference was and would remain non- |
@ristent until to-day. But the missionaries
and the other delegates to the conference were
notall elther idle or resting, for several lhun-
dred of them preached or assisted at the ser- |
vices in aa many of the evangelical churches of
the city and adjacent communities President |

object to business calendars

  

 

 

McKinley sat under a taissionary from China,
who told of some things the missionaries out
there do besides preach the Gospel to heep open
the door of the Flowery Kingdom

The real business of the conference will begin
to-day, although not all of the delegates are yet
here. Allof the foreign delegates have arrived,
but some of those from this country have been
delayed and will reach town to-day
not get here until Wednesday

One of the generally interesting meotings to-
@ay, in view of the negotiations between Wash-
{ngton and Constantinople now attracting pub-
Mo attention both here and in Europe, will be
that held at the Madison Avenue Reformed
Church this afternoon. The meeting Is one of
the so-called sectional meetings of the confer-
ence and is for the survey of the mis*ion fleld in
Turkey, Syria, Eeypt and other Mohammedan
countries. There will be present at least six
missionaries who were actually in the buildings
set on fire at the time of the Armenian mus-
eacres and who were obliged to flee for their
lives. Four of these were at Harpout. Two
were at Marash. Among these are the Rev. 0
P. Allen, the Rev. E. H. MacCallum, Miss Emily
Wheeler and her mother, Mrs CH’ Wheeler
Dr Grace Kimball, who was at Constantinople,
and even there had to seek the shelter of the
American Consulate, will also be present

Among the subjects to be discussed at the
several meetings of the conference are evangel-

|
|

istic and educational work, comity and division
of fields, students and other voung
medical work, hoine work for foreign mis

Some will

eople,
ions,

  
 

 

 
 

 

non-Christian religions, women's work, soeelal ;
rogress und peace, the general pervasive ins |
Juence of Christian missions and industrial |

|

training
The Rev. WE. Cousins, a Madagascar mia-
sionary, occupied the Rev. Dr Parkhurst's pul-
itat the Madison Square Presbyterian Church
Je said that outlook {nm Madagascar was
as good as could be expected considering the
hostile attitude of the Ronan Ca) lode mission= |
aries, and the French administration of the |
faland, which was much inclined to be insym- |
pathy with the Jasuits He complained that
the English hospital had been taken out of the
pence of the Protestant missionaries and had
een putin charge of Freneh physicians and
surgeons, so that the Protestant missions had
lost much of their prestige
CHURCH OF THE HEAVENLY REST
Bishop Ridley of Caledonia, British Columbia,
reached in the forenoon at the Church of the
deavenly Rest, Forty-tifth street and Fifth |
avenue He said that he had observed A
|

the

   

leasure and pride that the Conference had

en addressed by a present President, a for-
mer President, and perhaps a future President
“they showed that they understood this great
cause,” he continued, “putting it in ite “Tr
place, and if those over whom they have au-
thority can only acquire an equal understand.
ing of our work, it will be a great guin to civili-
gation.”

The Bishop spoke of the difficulties encoun-

red in converting the Indians of Queen
harlotte’s Islands off the coast of British
Columbia The natives were once the most
bloodthirsty pirates that infested the Pacific,
but through vears of patient work they have
all become Christians Tt was in i872 that the
first missionary visited the islands; a young
rulnister, accompanied by his wife witha babe
foarms. They were about to be put to death
when some native woman saw the little white |
baby and saved the lives of its parents Last
year the Bishop ordained that baby, now grown
to manhood, and he has gone to continue the
work begun by his father

“TL consecrated the church on that Island,"
said Bishop Ridley, “and after the services
wore aver | erformed several marriages and
administered the rite of confirmation to eighty-
four. L had just finished with the confirma:
when a man, tattered and torn, came to the
altar and asked to be received into the ehureh
T complied with his request, and when I left the
church 1 noticed that he had left his footprints
{n blood in the aisle Later Llearned that he
had walked thirty miles over cruel crags and
@harp stones to reach the church."

MARBLE COLLEGIATE CHURCH,

The Rev. Dr. Jacob Chamberlain, the famous
missionary under the Ketormed Board
preached In the morning at the Marble Colleg!
ate Church. Many yearsago Dr. Chamberlain
was the assistant pastor of the Marble church
but since he went into missionary work, almost
allof his time has been spent in India. Dr.
Chamberlain said

"The conversion of India through Christi-
anity is impossible. So scholars of the Oriental
system tellus; so tell us shrewd men of the
world. who have been to India and have
studied herancient faith, They point to. the
Hindoo, to the faith of the Brahmins and to
the caste system, which are so allied to the
Oriental trend of faith, that they cannot be
broken down. They tell us that there is no
Occidental faith that can displace the ancient
faith of India.

“What they tell us is true if you look at things
from the human standpoint. It is truly impos-
sible for man by human effort, to accomplishit
dud those who tell us that the conversion of

 

  
 

 

 

   

 

|
ndia to the Christian faith ts impossible, over-
ook the Lord God, strong of purpose, ignmut-
ble in will, He must be taken into the reckon-
ng. The Hindoosvsten is a marvellous one
Every act in the life of a Hindoo, even to the
cutting of his hair, has a religious signiticance
tohim. As for the Brahmin, he will die to pre-
vent the overthrow of his religion. Neverthe-
leas the work of ( hristianizing India oes stead
{ly on
“Another missionary and mivself some time
ago went to a place in Jindia where the Christian
Paigion had never been preached We went
there to tell the people of God and His great
goodness. We gotupinthe market place and |
soon hada large crowd around us. The people j
listened to us intently, but after we had heen
talking fora while, there emerged trom a near- |
by Hindoo college, an old priest and some
seventy young priests, his pupils. They came |
over to where we were and took issue with us
atonce. The contest was a long one and a
hardone. Wehad no one with us of course
but we had the Holy Ghost to support us, anc
after a long discussion we had the old priest
|

  

yretty well crowded to the wall, and
6 gave up. the argument, pleading
the lateness of the hour but he
{invited us to be in the market place

ain the next evening to repew the discussion |
We agreed to be there, but the meeting never |
came to pass, for the next afternoon the old
priest came outto our tent, quietly, and with-
out being observed, and after being assured
that there was no one in hearing distance, con-
fided to us that our argument of the evening
before had convinced him of the truth of all
that we claimed for Christianity, and added

that what we taugnt appeaien to the highest

 

 

 

 

and purestinman. ‘But, he added, ‘we cannot
afford to let you goon Weof the priesthood
would have to give up our |i of luxury, and
mingle with the throng, wor! aj what we
could wet to do fora living ;
“T mention this incident as an example of |
what we have to contend with The lh gh easte
rahmin is one of the worst obstacles that we
ave to combat in India. Caste mustaro in
ndia, or Christ cannot comein It is the ehaln
that Linds them down, but to them the ehain Is
asa gold bangle, studded with gens Yes, their
system is very dear to their hearts '
Asanexample of the bitter hoestilitv of the |

high caste Brahmins to the spreading of Chris- |

tianity, Dr. Chamberlain told of the persistent |
efforts made by the former friends and the rela-
tives tomurder a Brahmin boy who had heen
converted. Thehboy wasfinally <entoutoft India
inorder tosave his life. The indignant natives

then want tothe house occupied by two of the
boys’ teachers and, after locking the doors and

bolting the windows from the outside, set the |

ace afire. The teachers and their {

Pad the narrowest kind of an escape }

in conclusion Dr, Chamber ‘id that the |

|

'

  

  

 

great danger now was a growl tendency to
ngnosticism The work of Cheistiar
dia, he said, would have to wo sten
atavery rapid rate if this new anda
danger is to ba successfully combatted

 

 

  
 

 

FIFTH AVENUK PRESBYTERIAN CHURCIL
The Rev. Dr. Joseph King of Austraiia
preached at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
Charch. “The close of the nin nth century,’
said he, es the Church me

  
 

ever before and its influence is spreading to the
wild partsot Afmea, Asin and other uncivuised
artsofthe world -T have at my Australian |
rome a knife with two notehes on the handle,
each notch indicating the death of a nilsion-
ary, That knife belonged to one of the savage |

® powerful than |
|
|

warriors who ts now an old man and isa food
memoer of one of our mission churches. seme
of the natives were cannibals, all of the males
were murderers, for a youth was not esteemed
maraantil he had killed some one. All thatiias
mn changed by the missionaries. The natives

; ee , ’ “ f
CITY PULPITS, | hereurseteres. thet seszene, ad, ete tf

| form there

| ROOM

  

own people

ther isa erent feld for missionary work in
Samoa and you of America havea duty to pete
You are responsible to those ne
enihtened people for the Word of God und I
trust thatthe men who guide the destiny of
your nation will respond to the requirements o
those people I hope to gee England and
Armerica drawn closer and closer together io

| advancing toissionary work,and we of Australia
}eome to vou in this @reat land to help us

through this missionary conference in opreer-
ing Christianity among the people of the Pactfle
islands "

Dr. King was ordained in England in 1865
and immediately went to Samoa, where he
worked asa tnissionary for ten years, He then
went to Australia

ORACK CHURCH

The Rey, Charles Wilson, a missionary. to
Jernsalem, preached at Grace Churel The
fathers of our Chureh,” hesaid, “the House of
Pishops, have recently declared that it. is the
duty ot the Church of Christ to evangelize the
world, It i4 a question that concerns every
Christian. Missionary work, as some believe,
{a not a charity connected with the Chureh, but
one of the great objects for which it existe,
There are some who say that they see no good
in Christian missions and they will have noth-
ing todo with them. Wemust remember that
our faith teaches us ungualified obedience to
Him who bade us go forth to spread the Gospel
among all men eo are all soldiers of Christ

| and itis our duty to obey Him.”

MADISON AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH

Atthe Madison Avenue Baptist Church the
Rey Dr Willlam Ashmore, who has been for
many years a missionary In India and other
countries of the Orient, preached In the morn-
ing Hespoke of the necessity of further con-
certed effort to Christianize the Oriental peepee
and said that the great chance now isin China
He referred to the “open door’ and the un-
settled condition of Chinese affairs and said that
now when the ight of Western civilization was
beginning to be seen there the Chinese we
reaching out for broader education and the 60}
was prepared for the Christian religion. Hesaid
that God hus some wreat purpose in setting the
Philippines under the dominion of the United
States and that it was the manifest duty of this
nation to establish the religion of Christ in the
Orient with the Philippines as a basts

WEST END PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH

President Patton of Princeton University
preached at the West End Presbyterian Church
yesterday morning He spoke of the enduring
qnality of Christianity, which, he said, was due
to Christ’a liaving addressed himself to the
permanent elements of human character, not
to those Which were ephemeral. Plato was good
reading now, Pliny had gone out of fashion;
because Plato had spoken to that which is en-
during in man, Pliny to that whieh is of the mo-
ment Christ spoke to that which is permanent
intuan. ‘The great engines of industrial prog-
reas had wrought wonderful changes in the
world since Christ's time, but the poor were
here hen and are here now, and agrarianism
or state socialism would not solve the problem
of the poor, nor would it be solved by any other
method than individual application by Christian
men of the moral law as laid down by our Lord
inthe Sermon on the Mount

Pepple talked of cosmopoktan religion and
representative men of all religions might be
got together from all parts of the earth, as-
sombled at Chieago and the gathering called a

 

) Coniress of Religions and be opened with Pope's

* but that would not be
igion that Christ advocate
“Hoe give the right way,’ sald Dr Patton: “be-
lieve on the Lord Jesus Christ; that fs what he
said It was notin baptism or, in the tenets of
the Church that his religion had its foundation
It is net in creeds, long or short, that the note
of the Christian religion is to be found It is to
be found in the idea that means more to human
life than anything else: itis Believe It is not
in the perfection of intellectual understanding
Jesus Christ preached a religion worth the at-
tention of men because He gave them @ satis-
factory solution of great questions "

“universal prayer
the cosmopolitanre

   

The Programme for To-day.

0.30 A. M.—A meeting for prayer will be beld tn
Carnegie Hall, led by Mr. Walter B. Sloan, Secretary
of the China Injand Mission, and another in Central
Presbyterian Church ‘preceeding the alternate meet-
ing), led by the Rev. James Cunningham, M. A., min
ister of the Memorial Presbyterian Church, Wands
worth, london

10 A.M, Carnegie Hall—"'The Authority and Pur-
pose @f Foreig@a Missions" will be considered by the
Rev. Augustus HM. Strong, D. D, LL D., President
of Rochester Theological Seminary; ‘The Source of
Power tn Foreign Missions,” by the Rev. J. Ifudson
Taylor, founder and superintendent of the China In-
land Mission, and ‘'The Supreme and Determining
Aim fn Foreign Missions,’ by Robert E, Speer, Sec
retary of the Bovrd of Foretgn Missions
of the Presbyterlan Church in the United States.
‘These addresses are limited to twenty minutes
each and are to be followed by = diseus
sion open to all delegates and missionaries

Simultaneously with this meeting the same sub-
jects will be considered {n the Central Presbyterian
Courch by the Rev. Henry T. Chapman, Secretary of
the United Methodist Free Churehes, England: the
Hey. Paul de Sehweintts, Secretary of the Board of
Missions of the Moravian Chureh, U.S. A., and the
Rev. H.C. Mabie. D. LD, Secretary of the American
Laptist Missionary Union

240 P M,, Survey of Mission Fields Fach fleld will
be surveyed in its past history and present condition,
with a review of the work of Christian missions, the
development of the pative chureh and Christian tnati
tutions, consideration of the ehlef problems Involved
in the effort to evangelize each country and the out
look and demands for the coming century

Japan and Corea~Calvary Baptist Church, Fifty.
seventh street, west of Siathavenue. Speakers on
Japan—J. L. Dearing; Julius Soper, D. D.; Albertus
Pieters, Mrs. J. H, Pettee and others, On Corea~,
F. Keid, D. D.; 0. KR. Avison, M. D.; W. M. Balrd and
others

China~Fifth Avenue Presbyterlan Church, Fifty-
fifth street and Fifth avenue Speakers -T. W.
Pearce, Mrs. S. lL. Baldwin, J. HW. Cartney. George
Owen, C.F. Kupfer, Mrs. F. WH. Taylor and others.
Muste by the Chinese quartette.

Assam, Burmahand Siam—Church of the Strangers,
Fifty-seventh street, west of Seventh avenue
On Burmah-'The Rev. FP. H. Eveleth, D. D.,; Mrs
J. M. Cushing, the Rev. W. M. Cochrane and others.
On Assay The Rev W. FE. Witter, M.D,
Rev. S. A. Perrine. On Slam—The Hon
rett and Prof, Chalmers Martin

Ind@a and Ceylon Central

 

 

John Bar-

Presbyterian Chureh,

Fifty seventh street, westof Seventh avenue, Speak
eis~ L. B. Wolf, J. Wilkie, J. ©. Abbott, W. Mansell,
L. W.. Seudder, J.B. Jones, T. S. Wynkoop,

J. Aberly, D.
and others.

Oceania vernacle,
Thirty fourth street. Speakers—‘lhe Rev. Ro Ward
law Thompson, O. If. Gulick, Bishop Hurst, John G
Paton, Canon Edmonds, W. BE. Cousins, Franeis M
Price, Joseph King and others

Mohsinmedan Lands Madison Avenue Reformed
Chureh, rifty seventh street and Madison avenue.
Speakers— J. L. Dartou, Robert Fo Speer, Willlam
Jessup, Wo HH Hutton, the Rev. Alexander J. Har
Graves and others

Mfrica~Union Methodist Chureh,
street, near Broadway. Speakers-Bishop H. M.
‘Turner, Bishop Alexander Waiters, Henry Richards,
KOT. Nassau, M00D.. Robert Laws. M.D, A. Meren
sky, D.D., and others.

Northand South Ameriea- Madison Avenue Pres
byterian Church, Fifty second street and Madison
avenur, Sceakers J. Taylor Hamilton Db. barbroke
Grubb, Hubert Wo Brown, G
W_utler and others

Hebrews in all Lands

Dowle, Mrs. BH. Badley, Miss Swift

Rroadway

   

Chamber Musie Hall, Car

negte Hall. A. T. Plerson, chairman, .Speakers-J
Fairley Daly, representir g the Jewlsh Committee of
the Free Chureh of Scotland, David W. ‘Vorrence,

founder of the mission near the Sea of Galilee;
Gabeletn, representing the Hebrews of America,

SP. M -Carnegie Hal and Central Presbytertan
Church. The evening will be devoted to a considera
tion of one hundred years of mission work. In
Carneg'e [lall Mr. Fugene Stoek, Editorial Seeretary
of the London Missionary Society, will givea review
of the century, A statistical summary, showing the
Wwavening Influence af missions upon the world, will
be given by the Kev. James S Dennis, D. D., and
the Rew. Arthur T. Pierson, D. D., will speak of the
superintending providence of God and tbe wonderful
openige by prayer ard faith of lone sealed doors, In
the Centra! Presbyterian Church the speakers will be
the Rev. Ro Wardlaw Thonoson, Seeretary of the
London Missionary S ty) ihe Res, John G. Paton,
D.D., of t New Het s andthe Rey. John Henry
Barrows, | identof Oberlin College

TO CITY'S HOSPITALITY,

A. ¢

 

 

  
 

APPLATL

More Funds Needed to Meet the Expenses of
the Great Missionary Conference,

The Financial Committee of the Reumenieal
Missionary Conference reports that $4,000 is vet
required to The budget as
oriinally estimated was $40,000, but it now

TNeAT EXPEL Ses

pears that at least $41,000 will be required. of
this $87,000 has been received The deficieney
mist bemade up at once. Contributions are

urgently solieted and may be sent to the Treas-
urer, George Foster Peabody, 27 Pine street

 

Wonder pot

at the busy bum of mercantile
Activity, for cur produciions are

marve'ousiy well made—our dee |

lineations correct to the line; paid
CXperis are constantly studying

the details in covery branch and |

we Want you to srare thelr suce
ess WIIh Us,

Burnham s Phillips

Custom Tailoring Oniy,
Cempie Court Amex, iio Massaw St.

BATH FIXTURES

and AUXILIARIES
MEYER-SNIFFEN CO,, Ltd., 5 East 19th St,

 

Se

‘in August. It

and the |

Rrosdgey ond | Biiz-Wwo Bunce ys
me

| ecclesiastical novelty has travelled

Forty eighth |

W. Chamberlain, Joho |

| agree in essential features,

| ise of a quantity of bread daily

 

THE ARCHBISHOP SAILS,

FAREWELLS WITH WISHES THAT HE
MAY RETURN A CARDINAL,

 

A Throng at the Pier in Hoboken and Many
Parting Gifts of Flowers-He May Meet
Justice O'Brien and John WD. Crimmins
in Rome as Well as Cardinal Gibbons,

The white-hulled North German Lloyd steam-
ship Kaiser Wilhelm I] resembled yesterday
morning, aa she lay at her pier in Hoboken, the
shrine of pilgrimage More than a hundred
priests from Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens and
the nearby towns of New Jersey came to the
plier, and, with a mulitude of men and women
of this neighborhood, thronged the ship They
were there to bid Archbishop Corrigan,
who sailed fgr Rome, good-by and a propitious
voyage

The Archbishop was accompanied on his trip
by his secretary, the Rev. James N. Connolly,
and the Rev. Gerard H Huntinan of St

Joseph's Church, Harlem. Nearly every one of

the score of carriages that came down to the

pier brought flowers for the Archbishop, in-
cluding an enormous basket of roses from

the Catholic Club, and two big floral
horseshoes The Archbishop was kept
busy shaking hands from the time

he appeared at the pier, more than an hour be-
fore the ship was scheduled to sail Among the
clergymen who were present were Bishop Far-
ley, who will administer the affairs of the dio-
cese in the Archbishop's absence, and Vicar
General Mooney. Some of the laymen on hand
were E. D. Farrell, Thomas 8. Brennan, James
Devlin, Stephen Callaban, John A. Moore, John
H. Spellman, James J. Phelan and John A. 8ul-
livan. Many of the laymen, who werenaturally
soinewhat more outspoken than the clergymen,
as they grasped the hand of the Archbishop
expressed the hope that he would return to
New York aCardinal The Archbishop merely
smiled in acknowledging their good wishes

The ship's lines were cast off promptly at 11
o'clock, and there was a rush for the end of the
pier, which was crowded as it seldom has been
in the history of farewells and greetings of
voyagers. Everybody hada handkerchief ora
flag fluttering as the steamship backed out into
the stream, while the German orchestra played
a lively secular air. Tie Archbishop stood
aunidships on the port side of the hurricane
deck, with his secretary on bis left and the Rev

Father Huntman on his right. They were the
only three passengers on the hurricane deck
The Archbishop doffed his hat and kept it off

| until the ship was almost out of view of the

pier There was an eruption of handkerchiefs

; and hats, and the younger and more enthusifs-

ue folks on the pier Jet their spirits effervesve in
cheers

The Archbishop goes to visit the Pope in pur-
suance of the rule of the Vatican, which re-
quires all Bishopsand Archbishops to report per-
aonwly to Kome about the condition of their
dioceses every ten years He takes with him the
photographs of 253 religious, charitable and
educational institutions erected in the diocese
within the last decade The album will be pre-
sented to the Pope to assist him in forming an
idea of the giant growth of the diocese sinoe
the Arehbishop was last at Rome The statis-
ties of the diocese were set forth, in part, in the
Archbishop's pastoral, published in Tar Sun
vesterday, and read yesterday morning in the
Catholic churches

‘The Rev. Father Connolly said that the Arch-
bishop was not going abroad on a pleasure ex-
cursion, but on business of the chureh He
will visit Paris, and may see some of the ex-
position, but that will be a secondary considera-
tion. Whilein Rome he will attend the eanoni-
zation, on May 24, of the founder of the Chris-
tian Krothers, Jean Baptiste La Salle It ts
yrobable that the Archbishop may meet in
fome Justice Morgan |) O'Brien and John D
Crimmins, who it is said will do all they canto
geta Cardinal's hat forthe Archbishop They
have taken with them records of the work of
the Archbishop and will submit them to the

 

rope : ;
| 1e Archbishop ta due toarrive at Naples in

about eleven days. Hewillreturn to New York

K likely that while the Arch-
bishop is in Rome he will meet Cardinal Gib-
bons, who, with Archbishop John T. Kain of St.
Louis and Bishop Charles Edward McDonnell of
Brooklyn, will sail for Naples on Saturday

board the North German Lloyd steamship
rave. a= Sal ee
“DEVOTIONAL PUERILITIES.,”

Catholic Attack Im Archbishop Ireland's Dio-
cese on Certain Devotions,

 

What is regarded by Roman Catholics as a
kind of higher criticism has broken out in their
Chureh in this country It has taken the form
of objection by some Catholics to certain devo-
tional practices of the Church. Qneof the se-
verest critics so faris the NorthweaternUhronicle,
a Catholic journal published in 8t. Paul, Minn,
the diocese of Archbishop Ireland Its latest
number says

“How often one hears from prospective con-
vertssuch an expression as this: ‘I know that
it would be impossible for me to grasp and fol-
low all the rules and devotions of the Catholic
Church.’ The impression seems to prevail that
Catholicity is a mere mass of minute regula-
tioms and a lengthening labyrinth of new devo-
tions. The old ship isso covered with bunting

and trimmings that {ts strength and grandeur |

are hidden from view, Within recent years de-
votions have sprung up with
rapidity, andin some respects to the positive
detriment of religion, The strong, manly side
of Catholicity is apparently submerged for the

moment under the passing waves ot devotional |
Every day new saints are redis- |

puerilities
covered, new shrines are erected, new schemes

/ of ‘piety’ are devised, to the distraction of

those who relish, most of all, the old devotion
to God, to the blessed Virgin, to the saints of
the litany, and that waning devotion of the

ie devotion of St. Anthony's bread may
serve to illustrate how far the epidemic of
About ten

vears ago, the story goes, a young woman had

\ pimoulty in opening the door of her litule shop
i

Inher distress she promised a definite amount
of breadto St. Anthony for the poor, provided
he would open the stubborn door forher The
lock immediately responded to the pressure of
the key lf the door had opened of itself with-
out the encouragement of the key, the miracle
would have been more striking: but Miss Bouf-
fler was thoroughly convinced that good St

Anthony responded to her rather unimportant |

request From this incident sprang the devo-
tien to St Anthony's, bread) To-day it is
known in all parts of the world

“We have before us books, pamphlets and
magazines dealing with this subject, and all
The vital point in
the new devotion seems to be the fulfilment of
promises made to St. Anthony.  Tnnumerable
stories are related to show that failure in this
respect is bound to make a fiasco of the whole
thing. For instance, a lady loses her umbrella,
offers St. Anthony a dollar's worth of bread for
restoring it, revokes her promise and immedi-
ately loses the precious thing once more. An-
other woman enlists St. Anthony's interest in
the cure of her drinking husband on the promis
The thought-
less woman omits her Sunday dole and learns

to her dismay that her husband invariably gets ,

drunk every Sunday However, the cure js
made complete when the afflicted wife wives a
double allowance of bread on Mondays

“This devotion seems to be concerned chiefly

with temporal affairs It is thoroughly come
mercial in character—a_ distineiively ©
© PD institution All that mav be said in

its favor is that it tenches a selfish kind of char-
ity an earthy charity that has an eye for the
mainchanee There is nothing spiritual, elevat-
inwor Christian about it) St Anthony is bar-
eKdined with as pagans are wont to approach
and reproach their deities And itis by such
devotions as this Gor this is merely an illustra.
tion) that the modern world is to be converted
to Catholicity' How can one imagine a healthy
man of intellect subseribing to practices whict
appear to him outrerly elildish? As these ¢
‘uit forward and (osisted upon as trae Catholic-
fe. he is disposed to put aside the system to
which they adiere

The chureh should rid itself of these puerile
and superstitions inventions We
many hedizened infants, too many revolving
candie-machines, too many boxes for the eotin
of the credulous, and too little faith in God and
too little love for the blessed sacraments

 
  

have too

DR. SPALDING FOR REVISION,

He Urges Presbyterians to Cat Loose From
the Westminster Confession,
Syractsr, April 22—The venerable Dr
George B Spalding, formany years pastor of
the First Presbyterian Chureh, to-day preached
on the subject “A New Creed," in
which he advocated the entire setting aside of
the Westminster confession, whieh he said
“blinds thesight and cumbers the strength of

the Chureh, "as some of its clauses “have been
slagwering to all faith and abhorrent to the

 

& sermon

} tuercifulinstinets of God

Dr Spaiding said the dead hand of
Calvin, in dust 250 vears, ruled many minds in
the Chureh “with a mightier power, almost,
than that of an ever-hving, progressive God
He urged that Presbyterians of to-day worship
Agreaterthan dohn Calvin tle urges therm
to “eur loose from the Westminster confession
and adjust their creed to present demands

The significanee of Dr Spalding s utterances
lies in the fact that he is an influential member
of the Board of Trustees of Auburn ‘Theological
Seminary,

John

 

 

bewildering |

 

| William Me

| sisted in the services were the Kev. J. A

THE SUN, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
| NEW CHURCH IS HOMELESS.

\ar 1s so Very ACTIVE THAT ITS

PAULISTS SOUTHERN HOME.

Handred Oaks in Tennessee to Be a Centre of
Catholic Teaching.

The Very Rev. George Deshon, 8uperior-Gen-
eral, and the Rev, Marks White Handly, mem-
ber, of the congregation of Paulist Fathers,
left this city on Thursday last for the purpose
of making final arrangements for the occu-
pancy by the Paulista of the house they have
leased in the State of Tennessee ag the head-
quarters for their work in the Bouth. The ea-
tate upon which the Paulist Fathers will settle
in Tennessee was the family seat of the late
Gov. Marks. It ia called “Hundred Oaks’’ and
is near the southern boundary line of that
State, in the heart of a region famous as a
summer resort and well known as an educa-
tional centre. “Hundred Ouks” is itself within
sight of the Protestant Episcopal University of
the South and of the Monteagle Summer
School, where 6,000 teachers gather annually

In extending their work by the establishment
of this southern branch, the Paulista propese to
devote their energies especially to the prose-
cution of their system of missions to non-
Catholics in a tleld hitherto almoat untouched
They expect to derive their support, at first
rom the products of the large farm connecte
with theestate The building itself Is like a
Norman castle, with towers and battlements
Tt was constructed by ason of Gov Marks, who
was a consular attaché in London and lin
and itis large and commodious. Four mem-
bers of the congregation of Paulist Fathers will
be assigned to duty at “Hundred Gaka,"’ as
soon as final arrangements for the Spening
shall have heen completed They will
Fisted, when assistance may be required, by
secular priests from the diocese of Nashville

 

ACTORS AT ALL SOULS’.

Special Services at the Charch Yesterday
Forenoon for People of the Stage.

The Rey. Walter E. Bentley preached the ser-
mon at the seventh regular service of the
Actors’ Church Alliance, held yesterday morn-
ing in All Souls’ Church, Sixty-sixth street and
Madison avenue. In an address of welcome to
the Alliance, the Rev, R. Heber Newton, rector
of the church, said that it might aeem strange
to some that there should be need of the Actors’
Church Alliance, any more than there should be
need of a doctors’ church alliance or of a law-

yers’ church alliance. The cause fs that the
dramatic profession is estranged from the
Church he dramatic profession has reason
for this in some of the attacks made by the
Church, and the Church has reason in some of
the plays that are now being produced in our
theatres

“Tam glad to welcome you," continued Dr
Newton, ‘to show you that westand with ever
man and woman of the profession who is will-
ing to make the stage what it is capable of
etna."

The Rev Mr. Bentley said in his sermon that
the stage was an offspring of the Church and
should therefore be its greatest ally for redemp-
tion He characterized the eaying “art for
art's sake,” us a lie an impossibility and a
maximof the devil, as everything for art's
sake isforlife'ssake He deplored the tone of
some of the current plays and said that it was
the duty of the people not only to keep away
from those that are bad but to support those
that are good

 

MAY SUCCEED DR. STORRS,

 

The Rev, Dr. Dewey Gets a Cordial Greeting
in the Church of the Pilgrims,

The Rev Dr Harry P. Dewey, pastor of the
South Congregational Church at Concord, N.
H , who has received a unanimous call to sue
ceed the Rev Dr Richard Storrs as pastor of
the Church of the Pilgrims, Henry and Remsen
streets, Brooklyn, preached two sermons in the
latter church yesterday. The members of the
church were pleased with him and at the morn-

ing service the Rev_ Dr Storrs, who was
present, referred to Dr. Dewey in the Sosing
yraver by saying he hoped Dr Dewsy “woul
e inclined to come to us.’ The New Harmp-
shire clergyman wore # gown while in the pul-
pit. Before beginning the morning sermon he
said he was deeply impressed with the responsi-
bility in making his decision as to the unani-
mous call that had been axtended to him

At the conclusion of the service Dr. Storrs
asked the members of the congregation to meet
Dr. Dewey intront of the platform that they
might be introduced to him. One hour was
consumed in pleasant greetings

At the afternoon services there was a large
gathering. Itis believedthat Dr. Dewey will
anpounce his decision within afew days The
leading members of the church are of the
opinion that he will accept the call and will be-
ein his new pastorate ip May.

NOT IN A HURRY TO MOVE.
Incidents Attending the Going of an Old Pas-
tor and the Coming of a New.

The Rev. John McMurray, for three years
pastor of the Asbury Methodist Church of
New Springville, Staten Island, moved to Plain-
field, N.J., on Friday to take charge of the
Monroe Avenue Church. The Rev. John H.
Timbrell succeeded him in the Asbury pulpit
Mr. MceMurray’s term as pastor at New Spring-
ville ended on Wednesday. On Thursday morn-
ing two truckloads of furniture, the property
of Mr. Timbrell, arrived at the parsonage. Mr.
MeMurray would not allow the furniture to be
placed in the house, telling the drivers that it
would wreatly inconvenience him and ordering
them toplaceit in the barn, The drivers re-
fusedto put the furniture in the barn. They
finally left it on thestreet, Trustees Isaac
Winant and John Blake went to the house and,
it is said, persuaded the minister to allow the
furniture to be put in the house.

Mr. McMurray moved away next day. A comn-
mittee from the Ladies’ Ald Soc loty of the
church sat on the porch of Mra. Caleb Decker's

house, opposite the parsonage, until all of Mr
MeoMurray's effects were removed and he had
departed) Then they went. into the parsonage
to arrange the house for the reception of Mr

} Timbre!

 

The Rev. Mr. Ramsdell Accepts Pastorate Here,

At the Pilgrim Congregational Church, 121st
street and Madison avenue, yesterday, the Rey
Frank EF Ramsdell's letter accepting the call to
the church wos read by the Rev. Charles Cuth-
bert Hall, President of Union Theological Semi-
nary, who preached the sermon The Rev
Mr Kamsde!] has oceupied the pulpit of Pilgrim
Congregational Church, Cambridge, Maas , for
the Jast three years He was educated at
Amherst Collewe and is 88 years old) = The
church trustees have decided not to sell the
sroperty, but will endeavor to awaken fresh
nterest among the East Side residents

Catholic Church at Westport, Conn,, Dedicated

Nornwarn, Conn., April 22.—The new Church
of Assumption at Westport was dedicated with
impressive ceremonies this morning by Bishop
‘Tierney, ussisted by a large number of visiting
priests from the diocese of Connecticut. The

dedicatory sermon was preacped by the Rey

ver, pastorof St. Joseph's Chureh,
South Norwalk. The high mass attending the
ceremonies was celebrated by the Rev. J. H
Carroll of Wallingford. Other priests who as-
‘Tee-
don of Windsor Locks and Rev. Father Ariens
of Bridgeport. The church cost about $50,000,

 

 

 

41,300 Telephones
in Manhattan.

75,000 Telephones
in New York and Vicinity.

The rapid growth of the New York
telephone system makes the

service of daily increasing value
to all users.

Rates in Manhattan,

Business or Residence use,

From $5 a Month.

One-year Contracts. Monthly Payments,

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
15 Dey Stree, 111 West 38th St,

  
   
  
 
   
  

  
    
   
  
  

 

CLEAN ,

as when new.
That's the way your

CARPETS

look when we
get through with them.

T. M. STEWART,

326 Tth Ave, Moar 28th St,

Katablished 1463 Telephoum 1182 88th Bt.
SEND FOR CIRCULARS

————eee

ease |

 

 

NEIGHBORS HAVB NO PEACE.

Holds « Contineoes Senday Schoo! Class in
@ Siz-Room Fiat and Its Guilds and
Brotherhoods Meet Nightly-New the
Other Tenants Have Turned at Last.
The Protestant Eptscopal Church of the Arch-
Qngel in Harlern has troubles of Itsown When
it was organized two years ago, with the Rev

| George 8. Pratt ae its pastor, its services were

held in a hall over a restaurant at 246 West
116th street Aftera month or two, however,
the proprietor of the restaurant got tired of
hearing the singing and the chanting He
opened the windows leading from his kitehen
into the alrshaft and kept them open The
amell of the cooking and the smoke that
ascended every time the cook was careless
were too much for the congregation and the
church moved

. The Rev, Mr Pratt secured permission from

| Bishop Potter for the congregation to worship

in the crypt of the Cathedral of St. John the
Divine on Cathedral Heights. This was ali right
for the Sunday services but gave the church
ho facilities for its Sunday achoo! or the various
societies and guilds connected with it, 60 4 six-

| room flat on the ground floor of 811 Weat 114th

street was rented. The other people in the
house did not object at the time, in fact thev
rather liked having religious neighbors, for the
only services that were held at the beginning
were those of the Sunday school class at 3
o'clock in the afternoon.

But lately the tenants have been getting more
religion than they cared for. The Sunday school
Class grew eo big that Supt. Allen D. Marr had
to divide it into three separate classes and nave

hem meet at different hours in the afternoon

is took up most of Sunday On Monday the
tenants had a rest, but at 3 o'clock on Tuesday
afternoon the Women's Guild held services and
at 8 o'clook in the evening the King's Daughters
would gtart their services Then tho rother-
hood of St. Andrew was formed and began
holding services on Wednesday evenings The
last straw was added when the Young Girls
Guild was organized and began holding meet-
ings on Friday nights. Then the tenants began
to shout ribald remarks down the airshaftat
the worshippers

Three tevants moved, but the congregation
continued serenely holding its meetings. The
tenants went in a body to ©. Schlosser, the
owner of the house, and told him that unless
the hymn-singing tenants on the first floor were
made to leave they would leave themselves
Mr. Schi r told the Rev. Mr. Pratt, and he
consented to move as soon as he could find
other quarters. Tho paper the congregation

publishes announced yesterday that they had
Boen notified to move before May 1 and that
new quarters had pot yet been found,

The Rev. Mr. Prattsaid last night that the
church hoped to build at St. Nicholas avenue
and 114th street within a year

TO ENTERTAIN BRITISH VISITORS.

Reception to Be Given Them Next Monday
Evening at Sherry's.

The British, Canadian and other
the British and colonial missionaries and dele-
gates to the Conference at Sherry’s on Monday
evening, April30. A meeting was held yester-
day in the directors’ room of the Mutual Life
Building for the purpose of organizing a com-
mittee to take charge of the entertainment
George Gray Ward was elected chairman,
Andrew Carnegie, Julien T
Nelson, John A. Irwin and Thomas H_ Bartin-
dale, vice-chairmen: FE. R 1, Gould, treasurer;
Henry ( Hunter, secretary, and Arthur
Wellesley Milbury, honorary secretary

Among the invited guesta wi!l be the Presi-
dent of the United States, the Governor of New

York, the Governor-General of Canada, the
British Ambassador, the Canadian Premier, the
Governors of the several provinces of Canada,
the British Consul General, former Presidents
Harrison and Cleveland, and the Mayor ot the
ety of New York.

he reception isto be a purely socta' affair
The decorations will be the flags of the United
States, England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales and
the British colonies. The music will be national
airs. There will be a brief address of welcome
and informal responses for kngland, Ireland,
Scotland, Wales, Canada and other calonies A
collation will be provided

CATHOLIC CHURCH DEDICATED,

Services in the New Edifice of St. Boniface
the Martyr at Sea Cliff.

Sra Ciivy, 1. 1, April22—The new Roman
Catholic Church of St. Boniface the Martyr was
dedicated here yesterday by the Right Rev
Charles MeDonnell, Bishop of Brooklyn, as-
sisted by prominent clergymen from Brooklyn
and Lona Island.) The services began at It
o'clock, when solemn high mass was celebrated

by Mer. McNamara, Vicar General of the }
diocese The Rev. Thomas Taffee of St

Patrick's Chureh, Brooklyn, and the
Rev Joseph MeNamee officiated us dea-
cons The Rev Herbert F Farrell,

dean of Nassau county, reached the ser-
mon Veapers were said in the evening

by the Rev. Father Jaines McEnroe of the
Church of the Holy Rosary, under whose pas-
torate the work at this plice was carried out
The Rev, James Hi Kelly of the Procathedral
preached the sermon at the vesper service

he Rev James Donohue, formerly rector of
the Church of the Sacred Heart, at Bayside, 1,
1, is rector of the new parish lather Donohue
was appointed to Sea Clif? when the parish was
a mission from the Glen Cove parish The new
building is of bluestone, trimmed with brick
The altar is a memorial gift from Miss Grace
Neville

 

New German Latheran Church tn Jersey City.

Anew church building erected by the Zion
German Evangelical Lutherans at McAdoo ave-
nueand the Boulevard, in the Greenville sec-
tion of Jersey City, was dedicated yosterday
The services were conducted by Pastor William
Sauft. The Rev J.) Hirehmann, President of
the New York Conference, preached at its
morning services The Sunday achool held a
celebration in the afternoon and there were ud-
dresses by the Revs Jo Luhreand H Shoppe

‘the Rev J.C. J. Peterson, pastor of

t. Matthew's Church, Jersey City, and the Rey
G Doerning of Newark preached at the even-
ing services. The celebration will continue un-
Ul Wednesday night) The new building ts of

brick, with brownstone trimmings, and eost |

$36,000

Edward O'Flaherty’s Memory Honored.

The Irish Societies of New York heid a meet-
ing yesterday in the Lexington Opera House,
in Fifty-elghth etreet, near Third avenue, to

honor the memory of I'dward ©'Flaherty
duatice Fitzgerald of the Supreme Court and
William Temple Emmet made addresses

sang and Chopin's funeral march was plaved
bya renee of horns from Bayne’s Siaty-
ninth Regiment band

The Weather.

The pressure was low yesterday over nearly all the
country eastof the Rocky Mountains, The centre of

 

 

depression wasin the central Mississippl States t}

waswithout muchenergy The weather was eloudy
east of the Mississipp! River, with scatvered
inthe central States, Ohie and Tennessee vatieys
and lake regions, It wasclearing tn Gulf States
and along the Atlantic coast. It was warmer in all
the Southern and Atiantle States, and colder in the
Northwest,

In this clty the day was generally cloudy: wind
southwesterly, average velocity clg@ht miles an hb
average humidity 2 \per cent.” barometer corrected
to read to sea level atS A.M. 29 01,4 P.

The temperature as recorded by the «Mets
mometer, and also by TUF SUN'S thermometer atthe
street level, is shown in the annexed table

showers

  

-OMcial— Sun's’ -OMelal~ Sur's

1900, 1890 Looe Ifo 1800, Too
9A. M.53° 51 57° OP. M fio Sa’ “4°
12 M ov 64? 665 OPM..58?) 48 nie
3P.M.63°) 58?) 6u°.12 Mid.56 45° Bu?
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO DAY AND TO

MORROW

Yor New England, falr In interior, showers on the
coast to-day; Tuesday, fatrand warmer; fresh north
east winds, becoming veriabie,

For Fastern New York, fair im south, showers in
north portion to-day; Tuesday. fair and warmer, tight,
rariadle winds,

For New Jersey fairto day, with warmer in south
portion, Tuesday, fair and warmer light
winds,

For the District of Columbia, castern Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, fair today: eloudy
Tuesday, rain Tuesday night or Wednesday; light,
variable winds lo cay

For western Pennsylvania and Ohio, falr in south,
showers in north portions today, Tursday, showers
and warmer, winds shifting to fresh east

For western New York, showers, followed by fair
oy’ cloudy Tuesday; variable winds, mostly fresh

Variable

 

colonial |
residents of New York will give a reception to |

Davies, Wolfred :

| play handicap fora cup

| cup, which will be won by the pla

John |

T. Brennan, Leon Bailey and Miss Anna Burns | fessional at

 

|

e
The Globe“Wernicke Co.
| FULTON AND PEARL STS. .
eee Wernicke
“Blastic”’
Bookcase.
Easy to buy,
Easy to use,
Easy tom.ve, |
Easy to add to, |
EASILY THE BEST. |
|

—— os f rrToraL a Tl /
ee Mite Ass ee Pe By
6 ihre | a
R, Waar aes anes
; | Ceaser aa

‘ 1 y
aath
Ses

Eee ee ane
£0 “ELASTIC CABINETS,
UaRD INDEXES, DESKS, ETC,
er —-—-

  

    
     

A LIVELY WELK FOR GOLF.

BOTH WOMEN AND MEN TO COM>
PETE IN SPECIAL EVENTS.

 

 

Vardon's Engagement at Oakiand--A Three-
Day Tournament at the Virginia Hot
Springs- Opening of the Season at Shin-
necock Hills-Notes From Many Links,

This morning an open tournament for women | Hl Mi
will begin at the Golf Club of Lakewood with an atural ineral Water
cighteen-hole qualifying round. In thisevent | ; koown for centuries and
last year there were twenty starters, and the | Imported

first cup was won by Miss Ruth Underhill Itis ONLY IN BOTTLES.

expected that there will be more to start to- F
: : or Disordered Stomach
, . fit,
day, but little definite is known on that point and Indigestion.

for entries are to be received until the starting
hour Mrs BE. A. Manice and Mra. W. M. Gor- Its value has been testified
to by thousands,

ham, both of whom played in the women's
championship, are to start, and it is possible So-called Vichy in Syphons
that Miss Ruth Underhill and Miss Beatrix | 1S NOT VICHY.
Hoyt, who were practising together at Garden ‘; Bi

Get the Genuine,
Your Physician

City last week, may putin an appearance
will recommen it

General Agency, 220 B'way,NY

CELESTINS

ISA

 

To-morrow Vardon will play the best ball of
Walter J, Travis and the professional, J. Doug |
jas, at Oakland, in a thirty-six hole match, |
Following a precedent that has been introduced |
atmuny golf clubs to offset the cost of such
matches, the links will be open to all at an ad-
mission charge of $1, In the four-ball mateh
between James A. Tyng and Anderson and
Travis end Hunter at Gakland last June the |
best ball score of the former pair was 162 and
of the other pair 158. Should Travis and Doug- |
las do as well Vardon may have his work cut |
outto win, The morning round will start at 11 |
o'clock und the afternoon play at 3:30 o'clock |

   

BPENCERIAN
TEEL PENS

ARE THE BEST

In the Essential Qualities of
Durability, Evenness of
Poiut, aud Workmanship.

Shoose a Pen to Suit Your Hand.

Assorted box of 12 PENS, for al! styles of writ
ing, kent for trial on receipt of 6 CENTS in stamps.
SEENCERIAN PEN CO, NEW YORK,N.Y,

 

On Thursday, Friday and Saturday the Vir-
ginia Hot Springs Golf Club will hold its annual
open tournament. The qualifying round will |
be at eighteen holes, the first sixteen to qualify |

'
|

for the Homestead Hotel cupand the second
sixteen for & Consolation cup — All the match
play rounds will be at eighteen holes On Sate |
urday there will also be an eighteen-hole medal |
there will be the
usual minor prizes Entries close with H. A.C
Beauclere, Secretary, at Hot Springs

     

Business Aotices.

RA AA

 

arrive at If you Inck appetite, try half a wine
Southampton and this week the full White | glass of Angostura Bitters before dinner. Dr, Six
and Red links will be ready for play at the | gert's the genuine, imported from South Amerioa.

Shinnecock Hills Golf Club) "The conpetidons |
for members will begin on May 80, with the
Memorial Day handicap, at eighteen holes,
and there will be a similar specia handicap on
vuly ¢andon Labor bay On every Saturday
during July (vuly 28 excepted) and August,
anudon Sept. 5, there will be a handicap for
the inmen, Ondune 30 and on the above Satur-
davs the wins will count for the Challenge
yer having the
highest percentage at the close of the season
All handicaps are liinited to eighteen strokes
The annual open tournament will begin on
duly 2aand windup the following Saturday
The qualifving round will be at thirty-six holes,
a prize going to the maker of the lowest score
The first sixteen will qualify for the President's
Parrish The

Golfers have already begun to

 

 

 

ASPELL-—TIERNEY.—On Wednesday, Apri! 18,
1900, by the Rev. Father Jerge, S. J., at St
Francts Xavier Church, Anna Marie, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs Miles Tierney, to Dr. Johm Aspril
of New York City.

COYNE--SMITH.—.\t the Hotel Manhattan, April
22,1900, by the Rev. Charles W. MeCormick,
Frances Smith, youngest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Moffett of Watertown, N. Y., to ‘
Frank Henderson Coyne, son of Mrs. John Coyne
of Fast Orange, N. J .

 

 

 

 

cup, the gift of Baruat L \ 1 me eee

third eight will qualify tor the Peconic

cup, and the fourth eight will play ror ormp.

the Consolation cup = The final cup reunds : ” :

will be at thirty-six holes On next Thurs. BARNEY.-In Farmington, Conn., on April 21,
day afternoon there will be an eighteen- 1909, Laura Jeannette, daughter of D. Newton
hole medal play four-ball imateh, teams to and Laura Dunham Barney, aged 5 years.

consist of two players of the same club, for the
Tuckahoe cup There will be a thirty-six hole
handicap on Saturday, the Shinnecock cup
going to the beat net score and the Trustees’ |
lute to the maker of the best score at eighteen
roles, eitherin the morning or afternoon The ,
Executive Committee for the season consists of

Funeral on Monday at3o'clock, Burial private.
BEST —On Saturday, April 21, 1900, Albert Best ia
his S&th year.
Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral from his late residence, 15 West 121 st st,

Henry G Trevor, J Bowers Lee, RH Robert | on Monday at§ P.M. Interment at Pine Plains,
son, George. Clark and §S, L Parrish, ex- N.Y,
ou GARRETSON.—At West New brighton, States

Harry Hollins, Jr, expects to sail for a Euro-
pean trip the first week in July, and he says on
this veeconnt he will not enter for the amateur |
championship. That he is not in a class by
himself among the schoolboy players, an asser-
tion often made, is shown by the appended
score of a match played at Garden City last

Island, of pleuro pneumonia, on Friday, April 20,
1990, Elste A. Garretson.

Funeral services at her late residence, South bound
Brook, N. J., on Tuesday, April 24, 1900, af
1.40 P.M

officio
'
|

 

week LANE. —On Saturday, April 21, 1900, afters linger
POMVPRE?. CUTLER. | ing illness, Willlam E., youngest son of the late
H. Hiteheoes : 1 oH. Hollins, Jr 0 | Nathan and Emma Lane.

i Beaver” 9 it cy enon s Relatives and friends are invited to attend (he
if, Swords , 0  \V. Manson 4) funeral services at lls late residence, 700 Presi
Va. Williams... 2 A. D. Holmes 0 | — dent§s.t, Brooklyn, on Tuesday, April 24, 1900

: ) ‘ ’
P, Mevel yes = Be. Mt. Agoste z at3 P.M. Kindly omit flowers.
TOAD seeeceeeerevees AB | Total 7) McGILL. ~On Saturday, April 21, 1909, at bis late

residence, 270 Barrow st., Jersey City, Alexander
T. McGill In the 57th year of his age.

Funeral services will be held in the First Presby-
terijan Church, Princeton, N.J.,on Tuesday, Apa
24, 1900, at noon. Special train will jeave Penn.
R. R. depot, Jersey City, at 10:30 A.M

'
“The Wollaston Golf Club, where Vardon |
played,” writes W Farrington, editor of |
Golf and Lawn Tennis, “is the most progressive |
club at Poston, much more so than the Country |
Club It is entirely devoted to golf and has |
just completed a club house at anexpense of |
\

$5,000, all of which was subseribed The organi- |

pales hast i ) paid gentoo, for the | MEYER.—On Friday, April 20, 1900, Elizabeth M,
ane on Which it diy its course ‘ , » ’ r!
It is a beautiful stretch of — rollin eldest daughter of the late Cord and Catherine
country, hardly any of it being level which Meyer, in her 43d year.

Funeral services on Sunday, April 22, 1999, at her
late residence, 17 Fast Sixty fourth street, Man-
hattan, at 5 P. M. Interment private. Kindly
omit flowers.

PRESTON, —At Newark, N. J.,

|
!
makes many of the lies hard to play, because |
one is above or below the ball ‘Ihe recgrd is |
held by A. G. Lockwood, Alliston Golf Club, |
40, 41, 41, whieh ls a stroke less than the bogey |
Heisa voung Englishman and a grand plaver

who willbe heard from in the amateur cham- |

on April 21, 100%

pionship this year. Lea of pneumonia, Mary, widow of Henry Preston, ‘a
ee ae the 90th y arof her age.
On next Saturday, when the course of the | Funeral services from the residences of ber dag iter

Nassau Country Club will again be in play a ;
there will bea team mateh with the Richmond Mrs. ES. Furness, 31 Fifth av.,
Vili Golf Club and also a rgembers’ handicap | 11 A. M. Relatives and filends are invited ©

The Hewlett cup, offered four vears ago to attend. Interment at Cypress Hill Cemetery
the members of the Florida Country Chib at |
Jacksonville, Was plaved for last week and won
by M G Maedonald) The first two years it
was won by Pion H) Barnett, and last year Ly
Jsuae Brereton

M. MetCarthy bas been engaged as pro-

the Jefferson County Golf J ib, |

where John Tucker was last year

Forty additional lockers have been put in at
the Baltusrol Golf Club and two annex
cottages have been fitted.up, giving seventeen
additional bedrooms. The open tournament
will beon May 80 and 31 and June 1 and2 |

on Tuesday, ot

poem

ae
| CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY. :
| OMce, 2 Madison av., corner 33d st. NF

 

 

Religious Rotices. .
Ecumenical Missionary Conference

PROGRAMME FOR MONDAY, APRIL 28
| CARNEGIE HALL, Ith Ave, and 67th St
ORNING, 10 A.M tot2 M

    

 

of Forgas

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

Golf Lilvetrated says “in defeating the best urenre Tople Authority and Purpos
all of “SPs hert i at lay Missions.
ball of Me “r herbert Harriman and Findla Mpeakers: President Augustus H. Bt D,
Dougla’, the present and past amateur chams ! 11's) Rochester, N. Yo. Mev. J. Huds '
pins sof om eI ies, hy the enormous majority sy verint nd ntChina Inland Mission; the we
' of up anc to piay in at UPtVes IX hole mate h, and ) trmining Aim, Mr. Robort bk. Speer M
Harry Vardon must have somewhat surprised | Followed by Discussion
onr American friends and rather shaken their EVENING, &—0.45
| belief in the powers of theiramateur exponents | General Tople- A Century of Missions -
of the game" | Speakers Heview of the Century, Mr Foeene
Stock, London; Centennial Statisties, Rev fem ss
The permanent greens of the QOaklard | Donnis, DP. 1; the Superintending Providence 4
Golf Club were used for the first time thi« | tn Foreign Missions, Rev Arthur T) Plersot
sensor yesterday, when several practice AF SHNOON In Different ¢ inches 2 a‘
matches were played over the course Before ; Survey of | ae sony dt ne recurs s
0 , cli Rowe S Japan, horea Calva ptist Chureh
Vardon plays at Cakland the 145-vard bunker Ching with Avenue t ytertan Churet

between the third tee and the third hole will be | §- Assam, Burma. Slan—(

 
 

choot the Strarges

 

removed “if it was there when \Vardon plays," | 4_ Indls, Ceyion- Central Presbyterian Chur
seit a prominent golfer yesterday, “he wou'd | 5 Veranta, Malaysls, Austratesia, Hawatt, Pith
) drive in dit nine times out of every ten.’ ippines- Broadway Taberoacte
ee 6—Molammedan Lands: (a) Turkey, (D) Persia ©)
Vardon seored 80 and the best ball 79 in the | Syria. id) Arabla, ¢) Egypt, of) North Agree
morning round on Saturday at the Philadeiphin |. ‘i Mi qn Ay hue ifs med hureh
Country Club, and he wasthen 3’ down salle) 7 fica, U nlon ethonist Church. ry
down and 4 to wo in the afternoon, Vardon | o> uth Am riea, Central America, Weat *
| scored 4,3, 3,5, and wonby tu Ile scored 76 Meateo Madison Avenue Presbyterian
1 the best balls ‘ P Ore O- North America Greenland -Coember M
and the best ballst, Carn gle Hal
\ pick-up team mateh opened the season at 10 Hebr wsin All Lands-Chapter Room Car':s'#
‘ SOM bettie ne we season | Hall
the Richmond Hill Golf Club yesterday Arthur ALTERNATE MEETINGS.
‘T Mann was captain of the winning team aod | Central Prespyterian Church, 7th St, westof 7 ®
equalled the record of the course in putting ont | MORNING General Tople~Authority and ,
his opponent, Arthur Tiinds, the victor of the | pose of Foreign Missions -
1 open approaching and putting competition at | Sooakors | Herrlek Johnson, DD, Rew He
Atlantic City. The scores | Chapman Leeds England; Paul de Sehe
ui's TRAM enerwoon'ant |b. D: ilenry C. Mable D. D
M M At ane 1 , ra — S AM 0 | EV ENING ~ General Tople-A Century of M's *
rey: . Ch iw | Speak ty Ro Wardlaw Thompson, D. D ,
M art 0 | lane odd ) |) Paton, D PD: President Jonn Henry Barrows :
1 My tet Smit BS heveiag 3 | Misstonary Exhibit, Parish House, 383 W. 5+ .
I Mann, 5 | Dowd = “
annel 5 Smit | 2
Ta 0 | Cea o| Jew Publications.
FAM nds h | Perkins 0! Wo Boor ' pr
r wre ASELLER in the U.S. can produce 48
i vi cea } eoinen 5 N many titles as PRATT, 161 Gina. Cat fre
Drech roan 0 fHamiin 9 | = : : :
' ¢ ' . .
— 7; 6 Sporting Events.
Total S32) Total : ‘4 du usinentneneam ~~

GOLF LINKS,
Golf Links open to the public at (Palrview) Bron **
ville, 30 minutes on Marlem River Road. Send fee
@omplimentary ticket. A.M. Rose, 121 Westadat |

“If You See It in ‘The San,’ It’s So."

This {s usually aatrueot an advertise
Of a news or editorial statemont.—Adv. meet