YACHTING PREPARATIONS,

FIRST RACE OF THE SEASON LESS
THAN FOUR WEEKS OFF,

The Huguenots Will Start With a Special Re-
gatta on May 10 Changes in the Amorita
and Quisetta ~ Massachusetts Assoctation
Makes Trouble for Twenty-five-Footers,

Ty lesa than four weeks the first yacht race of
the season will be sailed This will be a apectal
regatta of the Huguenot Yaeht Club, and it will
take place on May 19 on the Sound, off the club-
house at New Rochelle. The programme has
narranged yet, but there will be races

abouts, raceabouts, catboats and sall-
ne dories The owners of the latter have been
busy forsome time getting ready. They take
as much trouble with their tiny racers as many
do with (heir more expensive boats. All have
been painted and generally overhauled and
several of them have new sails, The Huguenot
me:nbers have been thinking of building a new
clubhouse on the site of their present one,
which is much too small It is probable that
neat fal! the new home will bo bitilt

The Executive Committee of the Yacht Rae-
Ing Association of Long Island Sound will de-
cide how the points are to be viven to winning
yachts in races for the raceabout championship
t Two schemes are under considera-

the

 

  

 

this week
tion, but the committee want to besure the
one adopted will be satisfactory to all
Work on the New York Yaeht Clab house on
West Forty-fourth street is progressing slowly
There have been several strikes since the start
of the new building and consequently much de-
jay) The members hope that it w I! be flnished
ao that it can be occupied at the end of the rae-

 

 

ing season

Phe different committees and officers of the
Atlantic Yacht Club are working bard to male
the coming season one of the tiest prosperous
in the history of the club, ‘The programme for
the season will be announced in a short tine.

The clubhouse at Sea Gate will be opened in-

 

formally early next month, the regular opening
occurring on Memorial Day, After the latter
event the yachts in the squadron will
have a sail over the sual Courses, start.
{ng from the front of the  clubhonse
The nual regatta will be oon June 12,
and this race the Tron steamer Taurus

  
 

has been chartered. The cruise will be in July,
andalthough the plans for this annual outing
have not bean completed, itis probable that the
fleet will sail as far east as Newport and
therein Ume to w u races ofthe
New York Yacht Club, which are scheduled for
duly 12,13 and 14

The contests this year between the schooaer
yacl Amorita and Quisetta promise to |
more interesting thanever W. Gould Broka

wet

tneass the spe

  

ta

   

who owns the Amorita, sailed for Europe last
Wednesday and will bo gone for some weeks,
but he has ordered that his vacht be put in
commission, She will bein charge of a mer
ber of the Larchmont Yacht Club Slighe
changes are being madein the yaeht, which is
now at Piepgras’s vard, City Island. They are
expected to improve her sailing qualities very

q
much, The Quisetta, owned by H. FL Lippitt,
isundergoing inany alterations. The centre-
board hus been taken outand the keel deer d
to the limit allowed in the class. The yacht will
have new sails and new
The auxiliary sloop yac

 

    
    

t Ida Belle Lounds,
ed by Capt Thomas Jd. Made,
has arrived re from Charleston She made
the voyage in five anda hall days, which is re-
markably quick time forsuch a small vessel
Capt Madge was formerly a Lieutenant-Com-
mander in the United States Navy, and during
the late war had conunand of the monitor
Wyandotte. He resianed from the Navy at
endof the war) ‘The Ida Belle Lounds ia titted
with a amall gasoline engine and during her
trip up the coast. she used it only one day = The
winds wer iefly trom the south and sout
east andshe was able toecarry Laht sails
is forty-one fe@ longand heraverage sailiig
speed was nine and a half knots an leur

The members of the | St Reais Yacht
Club have decided to build a number of one-de-

     

 

 

 

    

tke

sign boats to race during the summer on tie
lakes in the Adirondacks They are being con-
structed by the Spalding St) Lawrence Bont

 

Company at Cedensburg, NOY, from ¢

 

 

   

by Clinton H. Carne, and are 82 feet over all, 19
feet draught and’ fee: beam They earry jib
and mainsail, spinnaker and balloons which, se-
cording to the rules, can be set over wo

by
I

 

sails. The boats have been ordered
bald Rogers, HL }
R W_ start, J
Phelps Stokes and W

Hiotehkiss, | Heeon,
: , Anon

Roosevelt
hitelaw Reid

 

 

 

  

           

 

 

 

 

 

   

Tom Webberat N Kochella ta busy. with |
the Hussar J, whieh heis building for Jaros
Baird, and is overhauling several yachts what
have heen stored in his vard during the winter
The Hussar is expected to be very fast and her
races with the Syee and the two vachts bene
built by the Herresholfs for the titty-one foot
Class will be watehed with interes Pie His.
saris decked {n idmen are now at work on
the interior flttir The spars are allready to
be stepped and when the yvachtis launched
about the middle of neat month she will be pre-
pared for attial Slice y havea pole Ast,
and the mainsail will bea Cremendous one tora
yacht of her size. Amon the other vaehts in

Webber's yard which are being overhanled are

Rear Commodore J. Nelson Gould's raceabout
Edwina Ill, T. E:tling Kitehling's knoekabout May
Queen, H. L. Diaz's yaw! Addie, H. Wo Warner's eat
boat Grayl ng, whichis to havea new ma all; W.
F, Lambden’s eathoat Grace, L. A. Suafer'’s ecatbout

 

   

 

 

 

     

 

 

   
  

  
 

 

 

   

 

 

  

 

 

    

   

 
        

  

   

   

   

 

 

 

    

the |

 

   

————_

CHESS.

 

Ten Entries for theSMasters’ Tourney at the
Manhattan Chess Club.

Ten strong players of the Manhattan Chess
(lub have entered the masters’ tournament,
for which a generous member of the Manhat-
tan Chess Club has subseribed $150 in prizes
The first will consist of $75, the second $40 and
the third $25. ‘There willalso be a special prize
of $10 for the mo-t brilliant game in the con-
test. There willbe two rounds each wee, on
Tuesday evenings and Sunday afternoons,
while the adjourned games will have to be con-
cluded on Saturday afternoons and evenings of
each week The following men have entered
BE. Delmar, A. Ettinger, J.C) Halpern, J. M

Honham, Dr © TB Isaacson, C Koehler, 8B
Rocamora, Otto Roething, L. Schmidt and Dr
G Simonson The schedule follows:

First ihound-Simonson vs. Isaacson, Halpern v4.
Koehler, Rocamora vs. Roething, Hanham vs.
Sehmidt, Delmar vs, Etinger

Second Hound Roething vs, Hanham, Koebler
vs. Roeamura. Isaacson vs. Harpern, Delmar vs.
Simonson, Ettlinger vs. Sehmidt,

Third Round Halpern va Delmar, Roeamora ¢4.
Isaacson, Hlanham y . Koebler, Sehmidt va. Roeth
ing, Simonson vs. Vtthhoger,

Porth Round -Koehler va. Sehmidt, Isaacson vi.
Hatham, Delmar vs. }toeamora, Simonson vs. Hal
pers), Pidinger vs Koething,

Pik atound—Rocamoravs Simonson, Hanham vs.
Delmar, Schmidt v4 [saacson, Reething vs. Koehler.
Halvernyvs, bitthnger

Stath Round~ Isaacson vs, Roething, Delmar vs.
Sebmidt, Slmonson vs, Hanham, Haipern vs. Roca-
mora, [ttlinger vs. Koehler,

Seventh Round= Hanham vs. Halpern, Schmidt va,
Simonson, Roething vs. Delmar, Koehler vs. Isaac
son, Hocamora ves, Kutiinger

Dighth Round Delmar vs. Koehler, Stmonson_ va.
Roetuung, Halpern vs, Schmidt, Rocamora vs. Han
ham, Eitlinger vs, Isaacson

Ninth Round—-Sechmidt v4, Roecamora, Roething vs.
Halpern, Koehler vs, Simonson, Isaacson vs. Delmar,
Hanhamvs, Ettinger

IN Pillsbury, the American champion, will
play twenty games blindfolded and simultan-
eously at the Mranklin Chess Club, Philade!phia,
On the following Saturday

   
 

 

  

 

  

 

 

on next Saturday
he will play sixteen games at the Brooklyn
Choss Club, also blindfolded) and simultan-
} eoushy
| brederiek Soddy, captain of the Oxford Uni-
versity €), Club, will be the guest of the
Lrooklyn Chess Club this eveninut

j Appeuded are the scores tn the annual handi-
cap of the Manhattan Chess Club to date

 

| Won. Lost Won, Lost

' Hanham ‘ S¥4g tg) Halpern 54 3%

Marshall oie ite core see o i
ulvermacher. ..6 eaton vod 7
Roeth ne - 6 : ; ’ Mussett ily 6
Raubitseheek 663 Spinrad ...+ 34 4g
Stewhetia..... 6 3 Madan 1 8
Delmar ose 6 8 Magoon 09 11

 

Marmony tn Columbia's Athletic Management.

The report published yesterday that the
Alumni Advisory Committee of Columbia Uni-
versity andthe football management were at
odds in the matter of the salary to be paid to
| (ieorge Foster Sanford for coaching the college
any foundation. Asa matter
jown by the alumni interested
‘ties sore time ago that San-

teamis without
of fact it was
}intolumoia a
ford was to receive $5,000 for his services in the

  

 

}epring and regular fall season At the
i bunquet given to the football team after
|} last year's games by the erndnates of
| the college it was understood to be the senti-

liment that, in view of Sanford'’s exceptional
! work in developing a capable corps of men, he
| was to be retained for any reasonable price
The sum of $5,000 was thought then to be large,
| but it was learned that the University of Tili-
nois and several other institutions were offering

 

 

alike amonnt to Sanford in ease he would
leoneh their teams It was also realized that
Col a hed just entered the football arena

and to turn out successful teams for the first
| teow years the best facilities and coaching were
In short, there complete hare

 
  

 

   

   
 

    

 

necessary is
n in the university athletk inagement

Anoequ unfounded statement was pub-

1 Jished or urdiy evening to the effeet that
| there was a great dewlof complaint among the
{ bali inen because the profits of last year’s

team had been spent for other athletic pure

poses Phe truth of the matter is that all

profits of every athletic team are turned into a
si ie treasury placed in the hands of a salaried
alumous. From this common fund the athletic
expenses of the various branches of sport are
taken as needed uponthe recommendation of the
Undergraduate Executive Cominittee, The
football cuptain manager and assistant mana-
gerareallactive members of this committee
Lit was in large measure at their instigation
iat the funds wore extended. they relied on
| the sare student support for football that has
! furnished nearly $9,000 a year forthe ‘Varsity
| crews, vithstanding the fact that until this

year the erew mar ment has been heartily
sented by the thinking student body

 

 

 

   

   

 

 

Champion Kraenziein Sick,

April Capt. A. C. Kraeng-
ty of Pennsylvania track team,
hew npion hurdler and broad Jumper, is ill
with malar nd went Atlant City yesterday
afternoon to recuperate. If he is unable to compete

on next Saturday his absence will cost Old Pefin the
| mile relay team race. Kraenalein'’stl ness ts not

serious, bu
able to tale part in the Intercollegiate shamplonship.

1

PHILADELPHIA 21.-
lein of the I
wid’s ct

{vers

 

to c

 

  

Bowling Records and Games.

| THE SUN INDIVIDUAL CHAMPIONSIIIP TOURNA-
|

 

  
  

     

 

 

 

 

     

 

   

    

 
    

 

 

 
        

  

   

  

  
    

 

‘GOSSIP OF THE RUNNERS, |

|

) in the

, in the «

 

 

LAST WEEK'S SPORT TAKEN AS A
MAPPY AUGURY FOR THE SEASON,

Unusnal Nomber of Horses in Training and Fit
to Race -Overflow Entries in Nearly Every
Event at Aqueduct Mettle of Two-Year-
Olds Being Tested in Public in Stakes,

The opening week of the mnetropolitan racing
season has proved a revelation to the most
optimistic devotees of the sport aad convineod
even the conservative eritics that this is to bea
banner year forthe thoroughbreds. The signal
success of the Beonings meeting from a fnan-
celal and competitive standpoint is being fol-
lowed upat Aqueduet on a scale which tndi-
cates that when the upper crust is broached at

Morris Park, racing such as has not been seen

in several years will be the order

Tho number of horses in training and fleto |

race at this early stage of the campaign is ex.
ceptionally large Entries for almost every
event held at Aqueduet during the past week
have overflowed the track limit, and in the case
of to-day's card as inany as thirty-two horses
had to be dropped under the amended rule that
a width of five feet of teack must be allowedto
every horse atthe starting post) Casual patrons
of the races often interpret this rulo as an in-
Justice to owners who have horses keyed up to
the racing notch only to find that they have
been excluded There is no favoritism or par-
tality in these cases, however, asthe conditions
distinetly state

Should more than sufficient entries be receivea, all
will be put on the programme temporarily, and should
Mt be determined not todivide the race, the clerk of
scales will, at 2 o'clock on the day preeed!ng pub
Nely draw ‘be Dumbers of those which are to be ex
eluded. When a horse bis been thrown out, owing to
excessive eatries, he will not be again su ject to with
drawel untd he has had an opportunity to start

The stake feutures already disposed of at the
enrrent Aqueduct meeting were the Cartor
Handicap won by Box, the Rose Stakes won by
keducate, and the Arverne Stukes won by
Modrine, These furnished a fair indication of
What may be expected later on. Box showed

 

 

Carter that the veteran division has
to be reckoned with, while in the saue race
Boney Boy and ‘fhe Kentuckian gave a

romising sanmipla of what may be expeeted
rou fae four-year-old class. in the Arv
Stakes Modrine, Unmasked, Ten Candies
aid several others dstuonstrated that the
three-year-old brigad sis to be a strong factor
Aimpaign, while the Rose Stakes brought
out alot of speedy iwo-year-old piaterial tne
cluding W Aldon & Sons’ Educate and Anecdote
and the outsider, Mauyra, who split sy
foracick 1 h plit this pairat
A more complete index to the future is looked
for this week, as trainers tind that a publie trial
of one or two of their charices furnishes a
beiter guage than a stop-wateh in sigina wn

re

 

  

 

 

    

   

 

 

balance of (heir strings. At Aqueduct at
week more than one owner or trainer
was heard to sav, after a youngster from
the stable had perforined unusually well
“We have au couple at home ean beat
Brat.” Another matter noticed at Aueduct
was that altaon good horses entered ata
very low re Won selling rac there was
hota singles bid, allof which goes to show that
rainers believe they have the eream still in!

 

reserve and that what has been seen so far is
merely the skim milk

The next try-out of importance is set for to- 1

morrow, when the chief feature of the Queens

| County Jockey Club card will be the Canarsie

if he does uot improve soon he will not be |

$800 added,

  

Stakes of $20 each, half forfeit, with
for two-year-oids, atfour and a halt furlongs
There are fifty-two entries eligible and so many
of them are ready to face the tag that the re
should eclipse the bost of the juvenile contests
seen np to date ‘Phe eligibles that have already
been in the money either at Meanings or
Aqueduct are Mrs Rradiey's Bliizen gelding

       

Tom Ochiltree filly, Aneedote
olds will have another in
special attracti being the Ozone Stakes, a
selling event, with ” added, at
half furlongs sixty youngsters are engaged
and another representative fleld is assured
Aplim for the more seasoned division forms
the backbone of Saturday's programme The
event isthe Rockaway Stakes lor three-year
olds and upward, $29 each, half forfeit, with
ssmv added It will berun over the short seven-
furlong course, out of the chute, and us several
of the fifty-three candidates nonilnated have
already performed well over the route, the ae

The two-year-
ing on Thursday, the

 

    

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

 

 

  

 
  
 

 

ceptance is ely to be above the average
‘The three-yenr-olds) named include
Contig, Preju , Shoreham, Trimet, Fluke,
Dangerous Maid, Pink Domino, Ur -
First Whin, Mauvilla, Robert Moeteall, Post
Haste, Cupidity and seve rs. Holland,
Walt Not, Graze, Skyseraper, Rh nder, Couns
sellor Wernher and King re
ainong those representing + reoid

 

brigade, and the entry also ineh
scarred veterans as Maxima Go

ssuch batile-
Lambent,

  

 

 

Kriss hringle, Leedeville, Flax Uriel,
Wolhurst, Brisk and 1,'Alo te This Nat is
alinost up te the standard reached In the rter

nd is partieulariy interest isan

       
 

that sersoned horses are likely to be

3 400. ’

‘for to-day’'s races areas follows

 

 

 

  

 

 

First Race—Portw year-olds: «e!ling; five furlongs
Sempire ‘i 1) Hiillonatre ti?
Greviette 10) Sihurta eg
Punetual sovenere SUB St David : we
Servant Shaw " 11
Moor Wise and Song oT
Russian Lady Flavinan v4

Second Nace - Se onemiie and seventy yards
Lande n Peut Maitre 1g
Longa Robert Hooner ing
Tralde Long Isle “0
George Simon Tne Corinthian... v7
Passaic Str Fitahagh us
Lindula Cavale we hi

Third Pace-—-Por matdens, three years old: selling
five furlones
Goldea Ser ptre 119 | Gondale 196
Tendril 107 Suniol - tos
Ihe 107) Try sten . 3
MeGrath ana Prinee.17  Millitone 163
Gold Lek 107 Loo Kate 11
The Benedict 107) Devil's Own W4

Paunh Race=lfandieap; one mile and seventy
yards

' Boney Boy 117 | Blueaway 195
Wait Not 117) Kriss Kringle 194
Maximo Gomez 107 | Stlver Garter, 4
Bangor 106 | Lamp Globe lv2
Tyrsbena 106

Fifth Race~Selling; six furlongs
Primate 115) Mirantha Knapp 104
Mir. Kaltenbach 113 Jucoma ; wo
2anone 110 Ales os
L'Alouetts. 108 Golden Rattle el
Eemiger 106 fer Ladyship 91
Gan 196 | Jamatea AY

Sixth Race-Por maldens, twoyears old; five fur
longs
Leif Prince, 119.) Margaret Hoffman 167
Orderer 110) Manga 107
Dr Berlow th0 Robert Weddell 197
Hemsen 110°) Your Grace 107
Dowen 110 Screech lo?
lkey Diddy 110 | Connie 107

Rowing.

A brush between the senior and junior eights
of the First Bohemien Boat Clu was the most
interesting feature of the training on the Har-
lem River yesterday. Coach Van Viiet elected
to hold a trial in the morning and the two

  

 

  
 

   

crews padded up to the new Speed:

course for the spin. The seniors, made
up as last year with the exeeption
that Capt Chrastil vacated the bow
seat in favor ofa new moan, lined op north of
Washington Bridge Vin Vilet aeted as eoxe
awnin and th shiors recs doa startet too
yards The race was a pretty one fora third of

if the

 

a nile, when the steady stroke of veterana
told its tale and thers drew even with the
Juniors. Both er ows rowed on as far as the
ship canaland then came back by easy stares

 

  

against the tide

Furrelly, who has twenty-four men trving
for the Junior eiwht of the Union Boat Club,
sent them for several spins In the Columbia

shells, New London and Saratoga. The Metro-
politan junior four also did good work, while

  

 

 

Rumohr and Nagle, tne tf u double, again
putin the best renting on ‘river, Capt, Cane
avan of the Nonpareils bed hi nd

sIuntor eleht
» double and
b was repre.
the onilools

fours out in company with
rly ev

‘
,t

 

single seutlers
sented
for nuinerous entri

regattas is more prot

Wone or more ¢

inthe lf

nel
lem and Passaic
wing than ever

Polo Men ot Lakewood Enteriained by Jim
Corbett,

LArEwoop, April 22
formed alone, lively
this morning before a large party of men who
are here in attend

James Corbett per-

 

 

     
  

  

games The exhibition was private. The party
| included George Jo Gould, W. Mannor, Jo J
MeN Jumes Converse, Seward Cary,
Georg n, Albert Francke, FOOL
Ailen, ird, HE oT, Herbert, Ro LL
Rewolir Montague La Montagne, LL Benes
diet and others All were enthusiasiic in their

Miriam. 1 praviey sloon Thelma, H. E. Jones's MENT.
launch Maud, and Harry Lilliford’sleoneh Reckless, a etienin High
AtCity Island every yard is busy Royal | prayers. We. L. Gms 8. 8S. M.S Score. Average.
Phelps Carrols Navahoe is being overhauled | Voorhets...9 1 89 119 10 23% 1ARNK-SO
and painted at Plepareos's and will be ready | Holt 7 & 409 185 1 41 254 10217-40
‘ > * 5
euriyinthes@.son  Gther yachts at this sard | Arnold 7 3 45 \27 2 10 224 1 2
are W Gould Brokaw's Amorita, which js | Clineh 7 8&8 89 128 2 158 Ai } 8
yr ceraped } , Johnson’ ' Lehrbach. 4 2 26 !21 1 14 287 1 “At
baing ser 4 H W Jobnson’s sloop : 5 iks ai Ss
j@wasi oy ph) Ellis W-footer Ler At Sehultz 6 4 42 ’ [ 2i 256 1 2
BYwkins. Rak has by ae : n $ 239 15 215
Bawkins s vard work has been commenced on | tt me ¢ i 4 135 2 22 Hy 1
. ' Koster ee 44, 155 2 22 24 =«1 “1
Conyiodors Lewis Cass Ledvard's schooner | Helles 1 & 86:38 1 2) ORR I }
Coin WC Robertson ' Rajah, Walter 4 6 4&8 tei et ao) 0215 1 2
Ewine’s sloop Louise, Wiley's sloop | Mtitenell...8 72 41 921 2 24 384 1 9
Cygnet and Mahew Wo bronsen’s sloop Troch- | Poere 8 7 48 129 2 23 234 1 3
flus are being overhanied at Hobertson's yard Howell $3 7 44 1280 23 47 213 1 2
de Weret’s sard work is being rushed on the , Sener 48 9 47 146 241 35 221 Ft r47
Qeop ise Alfred Peats, Ir The City Island clube | Kessler 0.1 7 37 85 231 22 205 17838.37
Sonse of the Harlem Yacht Glib willbe opened | CARRUTHERS NATIONAL TOURNAMENT
on ‘uy! ! High Fri
; aa gn
Mis oT. Rreese'ssteamer Elsa is being | crude W.L. Score Cine WoL. Srore
overh dat MeIntosh’s vard, South Brooklyn Manhattan. 16 4 959! Orient W 8 A O19
erbury's schoorsr Saxon and F.C. | Emntre 15 5 O25 | Pontlac W.... 7 7 52
steamer Haleyon are also being pre- | Pin Knight. 11 2 oso porinthian 6 7 js
rithe ton hey Thetn © 10 S75 | Spartan,...... 810 22
) Knohlaneh has sold his vacht Bonnie | Monarch. 10 6 859) Arlington 610 922
KatetoHi M Baruch, ‘The Bonnie Kate isag | E New Yori) 7 988 | LD Ke... 4 8 Bas
fectover all, 20 feeton the waterline, 12 foot | Impertal 9 7 arr | Kings Co. Wo 4 8 642
beam and 7 teet 4inehes dranght. Shets being | Prosperity 9 7 Soo) Reno... oe Pee oes
titr f \ ng | South Paw 9 7 S64, Bushwick W.. 315 820
ited outat City Island } Metropolitan. 9 7 836 | Pontiac O20 763 |
Boston, April 22--The Yacht Racing Assoe | De Long 10 8 854
lation of Massachusetts threw a bomb into |
ue oot cabth class ve by issuing a Asaresult of the Empires’ double defeat tn th»
Btate wt oprsectically deciding that the four | Carruthers Brooklya national tournam ‘nt on Satur
new vaehts being built by Uanley at Quiney ! dav night, the Manhattans of East New York win
Point, for Do Clapp, William ¢. Bache, of, | first prize. The scores
rown and Charles Tayden are not eici- | FIRST GAMB
sll in the el te FOC under the De Long -Diake, 134; Healy, 156; Coolldge, 191;
ee x this RAR. This pubis 's, | Schumann, 214; Hall, 149, otal, 844, :
lv apenking, that the boats | not | Empire—Johinson, 181; Helles, 130: Williamson,
Siileent depth of body below the water line, | 185; Dirdrieks, 164; Shiman, (81. Total, $39.
" {that while obtalaing the required enbin | SECOND GAMB.
to er has vaverthe one | oe :
bacahonnd oi ihe one | empire —tohnson, 173; Helles, 177; Willlamson,
Treehoard end height of | aey- pidriek, 17; Shiman, 102, Total, 481.
> ndinite that inden i} ry ort nt Wo=Mull!na, 187; Cramer, 100; Moller, 200;
She thee tea cer Tie wing OF the | smith, 170; H. Meht, 204, Total, v1o
tieo the bonta are not inthe ass, bag | Smee bev:
they would be within the jimitations | had dee desi
fair interpretatio He further 1 Orient W.--Mullins, 160; Cramer, 163; Moller, 156;
‘ ! ‘ Won further says ;
hi yned a boat with an inch | Smith, 167; 1. Ment, 158. Total, 804
. had the water line 1} in t > | De Long Blake, 18: Healy, 141; Coolidge, 126;
1 ) e th ’ - q 1s ‘
Her: Vis voter, Upon whose mens sree Schumann, 179; Halt; 181 Total, $97
ments the trietions \y elorgely base ' —! : ay
tt the ce ai hawt ynew t 4 ‘im i During the banquet whieh the New York Dru
'} oe he read them, he had | Clerks gave ta the out« { town teams w) len competes
ss ) ° ' mt ern ‘ uA he } . ‘rade -
> . , {. the games of the American Drug Trade isowling
2 I Pp Deneve ' me OPUS ; | Association on Saturday, the question of playing of
want results of the decision promise to be fare tho te for the championship bets ren New 3 urk and
% or the oWnersof the boats having ) Chieago caused considerable discussion. Finally it
built emin good fachand with no atterapt | was decided totplay off. The local team wanted the
the ro will not be disposed to sit | best two games cou three, bnt the Western bowlers
1 vn and seo the racing: pass them by. | instrted on one caine This was agreed t), the fol
Mey are more likely to ent loose from t lowing being the result
RA, tohaveanoraaniantion of thele ome, 16 | chiesgo-Armetcong, 146: Bauet, JT: Medbery,
take witht euch o a othe by Bg cha hia! Lhaler, 222; Thomas, 147, ‘lotal, 891.
fF tei fae 7 oo ‘ ae a poets Pee owgy ork--Howe.§1t8, Barnes, 156: Judge, 189;
t! ee Ti eee one LION WK | sualth, 127; Ruddiman, 184. Total, 795.
he ‘ rive them * promiung im poe | ?™
tirn ag fleld of rteps ind plenty of |
Sport Bowling Games To-night,
Mode P io Tue SUN Individual Champlonship Tournament —
Q" fodel Yachting Season Opened, | Aroold, Holt and Koster, atthe Germanta Assembly
1 achting rae rason opened ausplel- | Room's alleys ' ; '
OWS Yesterday. The howe of the New York Modet | National League—Dooltttle vs, Derl.cley, at Starr's
, : ; ve et eee ;
Yack How May at 1, wa ; Arcade Golden Rod vs. Doppel Elehe at lrereks's
a! ; t t seiecton a@.lecy
. ‘lumbla— Kr lekerboeker, Enterprise and Colonial,
of ’ r f Phe Amertean model | ae sentussiog’s alleys
ya ' r for second | Nuith Side} dale, Pelvidere and Prospect, at
. twereaver a course halfa | Pump’satys jthian, Spartan and
r ier of att : | carecthers Natlonal-Coristhian, partan ane
r ' t» windwetd and bark LK tthe Lleoh wit alleys, 2
Conimodore Sweeney announced at the conclusion of | bay ithe acl netand Reilly Team 2,
the ra that th Minits fannie Wahar ' tat Koch ‘ey
w had ge vee Weber and Opie, | Germania Knickerbocker vs. Avollo, Prosperity
f Wlected as the challenger for he | vq Klober, J. A. pt vs Olympia, at Bernard's
big and tha Vixen, third class shoop, had | alleys
4 A ‘ jenger for the American | gained
Messrs, Mat sand Peet own the Jatier | Walter Watrous and ¢. 8. Gathrie at the
rst of mncties of tttal races for aelectine de> | London Gun Club's Shoot,
fer { 7 \ toh t ; can
; Wax drelded he American ay | Walter W. Watrous and (.S. Guthrie of the
e Star, ow! betaadt ah d Pig i | Carteret Gun Club were present at the opening
) wre 1 yy Edward A ware | of the London Gun Club's shooting season on
ward and felure . ‘ an high won tee | April? and took part in several contests. In
Fr the Oxford and Cambridz> Handicap, a sweep-
' bh} tt \ 5
( Sout nae us A in A . mS ; e shes ol 815 each with $125 added, Guturie was
! t ‘ ie 4 fastest) third, killing eight birds, Watrous missed his
n ent o ny embry Gathirie missed his frst inthe next event,
ane ei ‘ t ' Gullbet \ Trards, andin the third competion, a
2 it eres ‘ VV88 | jndteap, ne killed tive and Was third fie was
tt neClud, and pindeapped int jatter at 20 yards, On
‘ Ove eee ie Her den | ribo Watrous was ted for third place with
nee TA iitbhss akan arte Water hae 42 | localimarksmen, with five kills, and Guthrie
16 Jraught, by inehes. ther with elght alls. Ta the

Matters of Interest ¢ oncerning Horses

ate more fully and ably treated in THe SUN's
bews columns than in any other mediam. Ade
Yertising thus becomes more valuable in THE

UN forobvious reasons. Remember this,—Ade,

was third in mh
| nd out events shot after the reguiur
gramme Guthrie Killed) twenty out of
snty-one and won or divided a taaiority of

the pools. On April 12 Guthrie won a $15
| pweepstakes, at 29 yards, and Watrous won a
| giv handicap sweepstakes,

      

 

approval of Corbett's demonstration of perfect

  

   

 

 

     

physieal velopment Mr Gould marvelled
particularly at the ex-ehampion's wendertul
quite snc the entire party thanked the big
foil rhisentertalnment

Cowlo of the Ting,

Charlie Beng) bas matehed Wille Fitzgerald to
meet Heary iyonsef Cliceto atwenty round bert
at he Greenwood ©, nest Saturday niente

Frank Erne liangatathinving of retir from the
ring. tle Says thit beds tired of the tightisg game
and is wiillig to transfer the tile of wlitweignt
chamnton to some one ela,

Dal Hawkins is in goad trim tor his battle of twen-
ty five rounds with Kid MePartland at the Hercules
A. C. tonight. ifawkins says that if he wins
he will chalienge Joe tians or Frank Erne. There
will be one preiliatnary bout of Ofteea rounds,

 

 

tall, 4 r’s St Leonards colt, |
od, Po Keene's Donino
Wa " H andi) Hl. Morris's
cot, bale, ( BO Morris's Sir Modred
Kenilworth, and Walden & Sons’

four anda ,

bill of work in quarters |

son the polo tournament |

 

BASEBALL,

| System Should Be Restored.
Although the National League baseball sea-
| Bon hos only been under way three days it is
Upparent that the magnates have made a fatal
| mistake in abolishing the double umpire sys-
tem. Inthe games ylayed here by the Brook-
lyns and New Yorks Umpire Emslie, ono of the
most competent officials on the staff, has had
his troubles. The plays are made so fast that
itisalmost impossible for one man to judge
balls and strikes and to take care of base de-
cisions atthe same time. F. A Abell, one of

 

the owners of the Brooklyn club, has taken the |

matter in hand and says that the League ought

to restore the old system immediately. Mr.
Abell said yesterday

“Ltis impossible for one umpire to do all the
work, He cannot make every decision cor
ree.ly and there Is bound to be trouble The
League shonid never have done away with the
doudle umpire system and it should be restored
Withoutdelay This eight-club League is con
posed of such fast teams that one judge of play
cannot fill the bill’

Maneger Hanlon of the Brooklyns agrees
with Owner Abell and says that the game has
become much faster because the teats have
All been strengthened

“The umpire jias plenty to do calling balls
and strikes behind the bat,” said Hanlon yes-
terday, “and it appeara to be asking too much
oft him to render. base decisions also | Emisile is
& competent oMeial, and has done weil under
the circumstances, but he should have an as-
sistant ‘The double umpire system, providing
the umpires are all competent, would
eral satistaction and keep down the kickers
As itis with one umpire there are bound to be
disputes ’

Umpire Emslie sald jast night that in his esti-
mation the double umpire sysem should not
abolished

“No matter how fast vou muy be ableto get
around the diamond,” said Fmustie, “it is abso-
lutely impossibie to see all the plays. ‘Then,
too, it ia harder to eall balls and strikes cor-
rectly from behind the pitcher where an umpire
mnpelled to go When men are on bases
isrnuch faster thanit was, andthe rivalry

Letween the diferent t i
| that tommy way of thinking two umpires would
{ give better results Gian ene”

In order to bring Lack the old system the
! Leagne would be coinpelled toongage only four
men, and they are available A move shon!d
beomoade right away before any serious trouble
crops up

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

SUNDAY ON THE DIAMOND,

St. Loals Pulls Out Ahead,

Over 12,000 persons saw
Miev@os In an ex-
Garvin had the

CINCINNATI, April 22
the Cineinnat| team win from the
strugme this afternoon,
players at his) merey for six innings and
seemed inevitable, In the ninth, how
had a great finish, making four

 

citing
home
shutout
the

'
— Makes o Strong Finish and Wins
| ever,

latter

 

 

 
 
  

 

    
 

} runs on five suecessive hits. In the seventhinning
F-verett was put out of the game by Umpire O'Day for
excessive tleiing., ‘The seore

CINCINNATI CHICAGO

| R. HW. PO. ALT. HH. PO.A. B
Barrett, cf 0 1 2 0 ORyan If e2too0o0
MeBride, cf.0 2 1 0 Onihls, 2b. 1 003 1
Smith, If 0 0 2 0 OMertes, ef 121900
Iekley, Lb od 212 0 OMeCarthy,rf0 0 2 0 0

| Steinfel't.2b1 2 2 3 OEverett, ib .9 0 5 1°90
Irwin, 5b 1 it } OChang, 10.0 2 8 1 F
Allen, 88 oo § $ 2 Wolv'ton, 300 0 0 2 0
Peitr, ¢ 18 4 © 2Clingman,ssi 13 1 0

lahn, p 10 0 8 G Donohue,e. 0 0 7 31 0
Crawford® 1 1 0 0 O Garvin, p ;nkt Se ©
W ood* 't 6 ¢ 2 ---—=—
-- - = Totals 6 72413 3
Totals 7IN2711 4
"Crawford batted for Allen and Wood batted for
Hahn tn the ntath Inning
Cincinnati 0906660608 1 da 7
Chleago : 19108 00 1 O— 6
| Two-bas* Ryan. Garvin Clingman, Irwin,
hit—¢ Stolen bases—Ryan,
pias Jt and ire ley

i Hahn yin, & Bases on

scoff Garvin, 1, Left on Dases—

Ciretoneti. 4. Cnleago, Umpire—O'Day. Time of
' game hours and &’ niputes
ST. LOTS, 6, PIPTSHURG, §
| Sr. Lovrs, April 22.--Twenty thousand persons

 

ed themeeives hoarse this afternoon when Held-
rick scored the winning ruu inthe ninth taning on
Meiann'’s drive to left centre, When the inning
opened the game wash wo 2 in favor «cf St. Louts,
Wiliiema strgled, Wagner struck out and Willlams
scored on Heidrick's throw-in of Fiy's sensational
drive to centrefield, Hitehey bltouta single, Dillon
followed sult, and Zimmer tied the seore on a triple,
bringing in Ritehey and Dillon For St. Louts;
' Heidrick singled Donovan and Keister went out,

 

  

   

  

    

 

 

 

 
    

Heldrick taking third on the throw. tn to firet. Then
MeGann came tothe batand placed the ball in left
| centre, Heldrick reaching the plate. ‘The «rore
ST. LOVIS PITTSBUTG,
R. HPO, ALE R. H.PO. A.B,
Burtrett, f..1 1 8 1 OReaumo’te?.o 2 0 0 0
Heldrick. ef 1 3 6 0 "kif 9040 0
| Donovan, rf of F amsabto 1 1 41
| Kelster, 2b.1 2 0 3 geernrnt oo oO 10 0
|) MeGann 1b.2 810 2 © Fly, as Yb & 2 8
| Wallace, sh) 3 O 2 O itttchey, 2b.1 1 2 5 0
Cross, Ab 0 10 2 ODlon, ib. 2 214 3 1
(r’Connor,e.0 15 8 O Zimmerne..1 2 1 6 &
|} Powell, p 0 0 O Philip. p 0000 0
| - - — — Fiahe 19 8 0
Totals 6142712 6 Mecr , 0 )
| Waddell, p 0
! — oo
! Totals f 2
|  *MeCreery batted for Finherty In nioth ut
when wianing run scored
St. Lovis 021000090 2 1=6
Pittsburg 0010% 000 A-5
Two base hits -Wallaee and Dillon Three base
hiiss-Mewenon and dimmer, Saerifiee hite— Burl ett,
Donovan © , Powell, ase on balle-O f Powell, 2:
off Phi 2: off Flaherty, 1 Douhdte pio
Donovan and BMeGann Rurvett and Mew@anr
St By Powe'l, 2: by Finherty, 3.) Passed
be! ¢ Styen baves -MeGann and Wagner
{eit by mtened ball- By Flaherty. $1.0 Un pire
+ Ilurst lime, 2 hours and 10 minutes,
| THE RECORD,
| Per Per
| Ctuhs Won. Lost.Cent Clubs. Won, Lost Cen!
Ph ladeln’a. & & 1,000 Chicago 1 . “as
Hrooklyn 2 1 O67 New ik 1 2 Sas
a math.. 2 1 Pittsburg 1 2
St. Louts 3 1 667 Uoston 0 $8 Ow
\ Amertean League,
At Cricago—Chicag@o, 5; Milwauiee, 3

At Kansas City Kansas City, 10; Minneapolfs, 5.

Other Games,

 

| AT WEPFITAWKEN,
RAE
WNY F.C 80001000 O-413 8
Senreas $0%1060005 6 a me |
Hatt ries-Footer, Farley and O'Netl: MeLaughiia
| and Doran.
|

 

AT IQBOKEN,

RH. E.
9100 2 1-610 6
§ 90 0 0-3 8 8
Sherserand Wiley

CITS

0
0

1o.1
200
Miron and Pucke
AT JERSEY

Hoboken
Star A. ¢
isatt cles

 

1
50068 t 8 EO Ont
| Poughkeepst ipon£#etts
Batt thesRoeh We and Hlekey; Norton and Stan-

hop».

Jersey City

AT NIAGARA UNIVERSITY
Rn.
lu

.

"
i
3a 5

Knorr, Kickebush and

Fr
2

0
0

0
0

0 2
20

0 2

4
0

Univ'y.2
uffalo. 0
trlel and Dowd;

 

North
siattertes
Julius.
AT VAN NEST
R.
0-7
wo l2

Hu
11

12

bi

oo: 7

oO 1

021
ae

0

Maroons
Emerads
Liatterles~ I

°
‘ 5
farn

merond Flint: Matfheld and Splatne,
AT NEWARK,

|

}

|

Newark 290000001 C=h 6
Syracuse . 1000 $ 3 0.8 fh 6

| ‘Batteries Vian, Melaughiin and Curtis; Bishop,
|

Brandt, Ging aud O' Nell,

*AT SKELLY'S GROUNDS
BRrt@menrteEenbtak &
($606 03 6.8. ¢ O-? 7 6

Hakerand Stratton; Mehl and Sealey.

 

Baseball Games To-day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE AND AMEPPICAN ASSOCIATION,
New York at Brooklyn; Boston at Philndelph a;
Pittsburg at Cineinnat!: Caleago at dt
OTHER GAMES,
university of Pennsyl

Louis

Mrniversity of Virginia vs
rlottesville
Syrachse at Newark,

Hes at Atlantic City.

vanian atCha
Newark v4.
Toroctov
Utlea va

 

lidependent Or
Roe vester at Utica

National Guard Champtonshio,

The games ployed on Saturday wigitin the Armor:

     

 

   

| Baseball Assoetation series resulted as follows At
) Twelfth Regiment Armory Twelfth, 14; Seeond
Signal Corps. 4. At Seventy first Regiment Seventy
first rh th Oo, At Third Gatling Hatters
) ‘tl Gatd S wid Naval Mattahon 12 \r
NI Regiment iu) “bwenty seeond, he
standing to date follows,
Per Per
W. L. Cent W. J. Cent
| Twelfth IS 1 047 Twenty-seeond 610 8
Ninth 11 4 .7838 Second Naval. 6 12
| Second Signal. & 6 .S71 Seventy first... 611
| Fourteenth 10 7 .5AS Third Gatling. 4 10
Forty-seventh. 6 5 O45 Plest Naval... 3 0
Thirteenth 6 S ,426

Baseball Notes,

| FE. J. Fo =Irdlanapolls, we belleve
| 45. Frederic —The bet shuld be dee’ated off,

The Brooklyn management has erected a seore
} board at Wascntogtoy Park in response to popular

demand

 

 

 

» Vietors of thegSacredZileart Aecndemy have a
t Wednesdays and Saturdays in Mav and June
| ope They would be pleasey to hear from schools

and acacemies in New york and vicinity Address
I &. Loggerty, Sacred Heart Academs, West Chester
i ¥

1 omMeea, April 22.- ¢he Binghamton club of the
State League and tne Mliatras of tue Adantic League
began an exhilyfion game here this afternoon before
2.000 speetughrs. Attne end of the first tnning all
the player Awere arrested on the charge of vioiaiing
the Sundag iawa A bearing will be givcu to them

 

 
 

Kive gene |

fhe |

ains js so much greater |

; typical pacer, with

} third

 

 

GORDON SIM TROTS FA

NOVA SCOTIA FLYER HOLDS HIS
OWN WITH HONOR BRIGHT,

 

 

A Speedway Brush Continued Over Dyckman
Street Pavement Half Way to Hudson
River—Bergenia Beaten by Richard B, in
the Mud -Laura W. Too Fast for Smilax,

Honor Bright, 2:25',, the little apeckle-backed

brown trotter, that has swept the Speedway
once or twice this spring when the good ones
were in evidence, nearly lost her laurels yeater-
day in a brush with a neweomer on the road
She had just beaten the Kentucky Wilkes
pacor Peter H , 2:26'4, from Washington Bridge
northward, earrving him toa break at the end
of 4 quarter of a mile, when a big, plain-looking
bay trotter hooked toa cart took up the chase
and tried to show her the way up to Dyckman
street. Honor Bright was on her mettie in an
instant when the stranger ranged alongside
Her head dropped to a jevel with her back and
she struck aclip which sent the mud flying in
showers from her heels The big horse kept
right there, however, swinging along faster and
faster as the little mare redoubled her efforts
and increased her speed

Nearing the end of the soft earth road Honor

Bright hud the lead by about a length, but the

slightest mistake or waver would have ehifted

the advantage ina jiffy so clove was the con-
test. Instead of pulling up when they reached
the pavement both drivers kept on, dodging
throneh the lineof turning horses at the ter-
minus of the Speedway and continuing tha
brush over the macadam on Dyckman street.

Neither would surrende*, and there js no telling

how far the battle might have been carried if

John F. Cockerill, the driver of Lonor Bright,

had not dropped his whip novarly over to

the Kingsbridge road, midway between the

Hariem and Hudson rivers. Mr. Cockerill at

once drew rein, and F. 8. Fisher, the driver of

the big horee, followed suit

“I'm willing to eall ita draw, and T gues: Mr

Cocker is, too,” said Mr. Fisher, in answer to

Inquiries about the outcome of the brush as he

weiked his horse back toward Washington

Bridge, The big trotter turned out to be Gor-

don Sim, 2:20%, ason of Robert Beuner’s o!d-

 

chen

time stallion Uncie Sim, by Hoagland’s Pris |

vateer, lie was bred in Nova Scotia and fix-
ured in a memorable coup executed by the
Canadians at Rigoy Park, near Portland, Me., a
few years ago

 

fisher says the big fellow has
trotted a half mile in 1:08 .id never has made a
break either in a race orin his work, He isa
Plain-looking horse, built a good dec! like the
high wit!

     
   
    

 

 

rump. ie paces when jogsing, but strikes a

trot when sent along fs na 4:00 wait

Fisher brought him do nmi his home at

White Piains to sample hia dn company with

some of the noted metropolitan Speedway |
trotters

Rariy visitors to Speedway Park yesterday
encountered a long streich of sticky mudon
reaching the end of the mocadamn pavement
Supt. John Quinn had all his lorees at work
with the harrows and brushes, and at noont
road was again in tairly good condition, thou

 

so/tand slippery inspots. A good many roac
riders turned back or changed their line of
march to Fort Washington avenue and the

Boulevard Lafayette when they saw the con-
dition of the Speedway

usual Sunday standard, and comporatively few
notable brushes were seen

Del Whitehead’s big
2:13),, by Bermuda Bor,
prominear steppers on the road = She isa long-
striding, high-goiug trotter, possessing so
mueh knee action that she requires sheepskin
covering to protect her elbows,
a disadvantage on the softuuncertain footing J

bay mare Bergenina,
was one of the most

  

 

 

 

C. Ro Bekerson's handsome black trotter Dodo, |

by Kentucky Prince, brought her to a down.
right hard drive in a brush trom the bend tot
bridge, but bergenia took the lead and kept
Mr. Whitehead ’s biz mare vent down the road
alittle later in the day with Charles Lloyd's
chestnut trotter Richard i, 2:21? as her
competitor Shesprawied and waboled when
kept

 

  
 
   

 

 

she uck the silppery spots, yet

a leneth— in front for more than half
a mile Near the point of rocks she
suddeniy wavered and broke into a run,
and the lithe chestnut gelding went past her
like a flash The big-walted mare redeemed

herself a moment afierward by holding her own

 

with David Lamar's apoedy little bay pacer
Ada P.,, 2.009%, in a brush back from Washington
Bridge tothe bend Bergenia got offin front

and wasapparentiv still in the lead when the

  
 
 

 

 

 

two mares veered off toward the eastern curb
line and siowed down ayvay of in the distance,
where thoy looked to he no la erihantwo
rabbits. Some of the erties consider \da Po to
be the fastest pacer now ont! oad fora brush
of haifa tohe The litle mare seened to be all

atsea in the mud, however, ond cou'd not show
ner best speed

The airy bay trotter Hazel, 227%, driven by
J.C. Baisley, proved to be one of the best nude
larka on the Speedway. She outfooted bred
Mot arty’s good horse Waveerest, by Hillorest,
up reid and back again, sliding along
through the mud as if she liked that sert of
footing. Mod, Leonard's «
won three or rp
beaten until he und-rto

 

tive

 

stnut trotter Siy
shes and was not
to mensire strides

   
 

four sir

    
  
 

 

with a strange pacer oiled Prince Patr
driven by Louis rlockiger, William Cla
woll-known pacer Little Barefoot, 2:18'4, Joined
Sly in the chase, but Prinee Patri proved to
be too fast for them Muekiger said his

horse has a record of 2.12" aga trotter and 2:16
the “Year Book’ eredits hin

pacer, |

 

 

    
  
   

 

 

    
 
   

 

    

    

  

 

 

 

 

Se

and drooping |

The number of turn- |
outs in evidence was therefore not up to the |

and she was at}

  
  

One of the “Secrets of Our Success,”—

4
|:
4

HALE Co.,
Desks at export prices,
15 Stone Street,
next Produce Exchange.

 

CROSSCOUNTRY RUNNING,
Pastime A. ©. Men Win the First Metropol-
{tan Championship.

The Pastime A.C. earried off both team and
individual honors in the first race for the cross-
country championship of the Metropoliten
| Association of the A A. U_ held over an eight-
'

f

mile course in the vicinity of Jerome avenue
yesterday afternoon. Although the Pastimes
were known to have a fair chance the easy
manner in which they disposed of their rivals
proved a surprise and was attributed to the
length of the course, whieh was two miles
| further than the distance seleeted for recent
| championchips ‘The vietory of MeGarry in the
| individual contest was even moro startling
He proved astayer of the first water and was
| as fresh es a kitten when he raced past the
| judges
| Forsome reason the old Shamrock Harrier
| er uree, fami jar to four-fifths of the competl-
tore, waa abandoned, and a new one laid ent
The direction was kept a profound secret until
just prior to the start, but a force of twenty-
eight distance judges and an assortment of na-
tional fags helped to keep the puzzled run-
ners on the trail
The course b gan at thy Jerome Hot}, then ted
east about one hundred fet, south across lots to
Mount Hops avenue east on Mount Hope avenur to
Anthony avenu, north to Tremont avenue, east to
ths Public squar’, then north across the country to
Durnaids avenue, West op Burnside avenue ty Rye?
av-nus, then north toa point about two hundred f-rt

north of 18th street, east across country to Valen-
west on

tine avenue, north to Highbridge: road,

{ Highbridge road t>) Jerom: avenue and along
the avernns to 177th strect. Here the runners
turned) =o west in front’ of the hotel and
climb d@ 400) feet uphill to. th» woods, south

through th: woods and westts Macomh's Dam road,
slong the road about eim@hnt hundred fect, thon west
through wood , turning 1,000 feet south to Macomhb's
Dam road, then to 169th strert, through to Inwood
avenue, north about four hundred feet, east aeross
Country to derom: avenue, cast about three hundred
fret, south aeross the swamps to 167th street thon
south -ast to 165th street over the old Fleetwood trot
tpg track, southeast to Grant avenue and 162d
Strert, through Grant avonus to 1618s street then
southwest to Mottawenns and 159d street, through
to River stre-tand along Jerome avenue, finishing at
Jerom> Hotel

Forty-one welj-trained athletes faced the
sfartershortly after 4 o'clock. There was no
limit to the namber of representatives of each
club, and the Pastimes and Star AC. each had
a baker's dozen, while the Xaviers sent only
seven For the first mile the changes were
many, but when the men came in view again at
the hotel after covering two and three-quarters
miles, 8 A Mellor, who won the Shamrock
Harriers’ open handicap two weeks azo, Was
in the lead, with Keily of the Pastimes noxt
Kennedy and Fitagerald of — the t
were clow behind, and ahasty computation
of the points tattered the hopes of the Long
Island brigade | MeGarry was fifth at this
with Andy Waish, the Xavier A A vet-
close at his heels Going up the be hill,

Vitzeerald worked by Kennedy and shortly
after the leaders ran off the course, letting up
} Walah, who sprinted into the van and held his
advantage at the five-mile mark Thongh the
old-timer was apparently fresh, he collapsed
shoriy after und had to walk home by
a short cut, Kelly, Fitzgeraid and Me-
Garry then hod a battle royal, with
the result that MeGarry secured a good
lead by the time the men_ entered, on
Jerome avenue for the eatretch of roa
the finish. Running strongly to the
sarry won by 150 vards. Fitzgerald forged
ahead of Kelly just before entering the narrow
lane between the dense evowd of spectators
opposite the hotel and took second place by
three yards. Little Pfortner, who had worked
through a dozen men in the Inst three miles, fine
dfourth, closely followed by MeMahon, an-
Me‘ ann, who finished

 

  

 

 

 

  

en

  

is}
other Pastime man, .«

 

   

  

ninth, completed the Pastime quintet, and the
remarkably low winning aggregate of 22 points
MeMahon ran under protest, the Shamrock
Harriers holding him. as a member of their elub
Should} Gisquacitied the Pasiimes will still
win b afemargin, The fifteenth man, F. A.
Strupel, wore the Bravilian cross and, even

Q

with MeMahon riled out, the Indians will
29 points better than the Stars, whose first five
totalled 52 fle Novie finished third

  

     

 

men .

with 66 points, while of the eight who snorted
the sham two quitat three miles, Reedand
dudasrods home on a trotley ear, another lost

wav and only three passed the indges at

The summary:

his
| the finish.

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

usu mit (
with no record as fast as 2:20 at either way of ; 71
woiog. Peter Manee turned up yesterday trith Name rm nu. - ans ‘ #
anew trotter that stepped along ke a good | M. 4). Mecary Pastime A. ¢ ‘ :
one 1 old steerle climber raid she was | Gl bitasrern ld Bier A. a
Felice, : by Hinder Wilkes, In one of the , Pt a Pils eee ae a
: } ¢ re Ba .  Pforto ae,f j .
pr ~ Sarat ~n . eh - t Felice outfoote d D. A. MeMahon, Pastime A, € 18
TAtths Barefoot with seaining ease CAL hmdy, Xavier A, A +
Dr WH Kane's remarkeble green pacing | 9 tT Matos, Navier A. A 2
mare Laura Wy by Aleander, and Alexander | ‘y 1, Vogelus, ALA 50
Newburger’s Sidney sprinter Smilax, 221%, | J. J. Mecann, Pastime A.C. 41
had three rounds on the macadam povementon | F. Hussey, Star A.C. . 46
Dyekman street. fromthe Kingsbridge road to | if. W. Sehell, Star A. © Bt
the Speedway, that afforded rare port for the | Ia. VW. Kennedy, Star A. ¢ 2
few persons Who Witnesses the brushes. Smilax | S. A. Metlor, dr, Shame ck H ah
broke each time and anra Wo won, vet the fine | Bobert rod. Shamrock H 3
ishes were close and the clip was probably | Es \. Sirunel. lastme & 0 45
faster that in any other brushes of the day nizhauer, ¢ +
W. Hugg, Star A. ¢ 1
edit tone fey P. MeCahe Sthr a,c i
ily " J. H. Donabue, Star A. ( 8
Brooklyn Athletes In the Pleld, WE. Gindy Pastime A.C rt
William H. Classen carried oo the hongrs again | J. Breanen, Pastime A C o
yesterday atthe @ames of the Brooklyn AoC. at : Pet deaee . c 3)
Maspeth. winning two fretsand second. Thomas ?. | S J Rottwer, Star A. C aS
Fraser was the runner up. Summary | DI yreh, Star ALC. 4 Be
190-Yard Dash Won by James ©. Doyle serateh; | w nite ara é ; soo
William H. ae yards, secon ! Frauk J. Veres, | EA rede, Shainsocit Hi ‘1 20
4yads, thirc Mime 31 » SFr NE | a Get eee VAN ‘al 84
Qn rMile Run-Woobr Thomas F, Fraser, 15 M \ > oS bame hk t 3 *% 61 45
vards; Jumes J Donnelly. a) yards. seeond: G. Hf hd Sapo etagd a . a eal. 22
Yaak yf yrrds, third, ‘Time, 7 seconds ‘Team Seores~ Pastime A.C, 1 3.4.5.0 Total, 22
One Mile un= Won by Classen, serateh: Freep, | Star A.C. 210 V1, 32, 17, Total, Xavier A,
yards, second: Donnelly, 40 yards, third = ‘Time! | A. 6, 7, 8, 16, 20, Total, 66
& min a8 s cond,
Hunting Hop, Step and Jump—Won by Classen, ; . weep ,
ofert with S7 feck a dvehos: Charles He Sehutty. NEWS OF THE WHECLMEN.,
fe t, seeond: Dantel J. O'Mara, 4 fort third —---——

Pound Hammes
fut

Won by Christo.

Throwing th
Virea, 20 ¢ ‘t,

pher Kenney, serateh, with tly
second; B. Pudley, 15 fort, third
Running High Jump- Won by Prank W. Pool, 3
inches, witiafect le inches; Schultz, 4 Inehos, see
ond; Classen, serateh, third
Pole Vault—Won by Classen, 1 foot 4 Inches, with
6 feet Sinches; Classen, 12 inebos, seeond: Wo Dud-
ly, 1 foot 2 ineh-s, third
A large number speetitors witnessed the games

 

 

 

of the National AW C. yesterday morning at Grand
Street Park, Maspeth. The fields were large, and
the comretitions were red hot from gun firety the

 

tune. Summary
100-Yatd Dan

Won by Frederic’ Reuss, t feet

 

Charies a) Eubb, seratch, second, Prank J. Murtha,
10 feet, third. Time, 11 cee ont
22)-Yard Dash Won by Pudb, serateh: Frederick

ek William D. Wynne, 6 yards,

   

Reuss, 6 yar
third. Time, 261 ls

Quarter Mile Run -\ by Wynne, serateh: Renss,
1” yards, serond: Peter Wend, 25 yard. third ‘Time,
ho 1-5 seoonde

400 Yard Kun
1. Brophy yarits,
yards, third “Pin

Half Mile Run
Hurley, 35 yards, se

eee.
1

 

 

Won by Wynne,
veeond
I minute 269 ¢
Won by Wend,
nd, A. West
bow eouds
Won by Anthony 1,
Sehinidt, serateh. seeond; |
I send

erateh; Thomas
1, blarrigan, 15
nds

eerateh
29 yards

}
bn

Harold
third

  

Meleever,
irhy, 100

 

 

aerateh 4. t "
yords, hid I A { '
Phree- Mite Ra ‘ Neeeor, serrate
sOsnd4 ve J
1A vyinut ,
oe Yard I
IP. Carmod ft

t

     

   

 

Won bs
Wynne

bb.
eratoh

serateh
wennd

 

" ’ a
Ssehmidt fr

“

 

Wyane

ee

th 8

6 Inehe

serateh, w!

Pole Vaitit= W
ito't

1) Inches; Rubb, ten

 

Won by Wend,
sreond: J.P. Ee

with
ert,

 

fhrowing 12 Pound Tamm
Ws fe ehes, Holt
10 feet, third
Running |
Inches, with

Cc Whils

 

tenand Jump -Won by C. Reues,12
inches: Rubb, serateh, secone:
rd

lon
+) foot 4
12 inches, tk

Football,

Frederick W. Willis

ve

April 2 of

yw. Y terday elected
f the Cor University. football
feam Willis was assistant manager last
and is alse busine t
Liemni News, 4
lof Corne

net
'

Itc,
Flushing
manager ¢

 

 

    

0
athh
fact will feet t
nh any
routine work will
manager. It was
underwradnate usorsof the © ¢
reseitative to the Athleiie Couneil

 

 

es may be elected, this
» respopsibility of WiTis's
as nh oo thal
be left to the undergraduate
decided to allow the
toelect a rep

posi ti 0 degree the a

wo

Baschall, Washington Park, 3:30 To-day,

Brooklyn va New York. Admiston, 25c and 50¢.
Ade

fret}

|
Short Trips the Order Yesterday -Team Race
at Valley Stream.
Many wheel riders think it ideal weather for
the road when the skies are gray, the afr is cool

and there is no stiff breeze or blinding sun
glare, but that they are notin the majority was

evidenced by a comparatively small turnout

    

  
 

xport Prices.

  

 

 

Hunter
Baltimore
Rye

The standard
by prescription
fer the building
up of health.

a ae
Haye) tg

reheat se Os
ALTO Cy tno
erate

tot
The standard
in excellence
for the most
genial hospital.
ity.

A.B. HART& PRANK MORA, Representativ
3S. William St., New York N. Y. _

' Hempstead, Lynbrook and back to Valley

' being made by Roy

i for next Sunday

Stars

to}

|
|

|

yesterday forenoot Ju ihe afternoon others
| gained contidence and the best of the nearby
| roads hada fairly representative turnout, ale
j th mah not as large as on either of the two
| previous Sundave Bronx Park was the |
destination of thonsands who seemed inclined

   

hoof home

 

reep within easy Quite a
-wentonto City Island and the other

nurnibe

| points of interestin that direction, but beyond |
the Park they found the dirt roads sticky and
! the pedalling hard

!

chester avenue from Third

 

The strips on We

 

    

    

   

 

 

| { nue to Union avenue were found tobe in
i frichtful shape. They seom to have had holes
! entont by men who eont plated making re-
l pairs but had forgotten the matter. These
| strips are exceeding'y dangerous pasans
for evel at migit At ir ty yonue
the strip leading cacti form up
ond — tor \ receh eo fo take
to the other std are uire hile
ful nding to avoid co ns at this
point inthe day thre On Bostomavenue to ihe
Southorn Moulevard the riders taking to
the sidewalk at th aca “ros nd collision
th pedeetrions, but the read ts not tt for
whoolln: Yesterday afternoon there were as
mony waiting as were wheeling at ene place
atone the road) The Southern Bowevard is in
1} aome ounridable condition as ever and
here, too, at Tremont avenue, the evelists feel
compelled to violate tl maw oand take to the

othe to Coner Teland
ilwayvs the ca

refrain
ieual number

was particularly in
when ter ete

froin long trips

 

'
ius

 

There was anu

 

       
     
   
 
  

 

of club runa over toe patlis, nany asa dozen
i beina count ine point The
enstorly wa in fi condition,
tage the th i of ruts
Lin about ter
> ng aveilale
Phe bievele pode
to be more strict

j
SOE 1
the hotel rien
aldit lieht Phe ponuiar course is in poor
| shone foramileor two out or damatea, but be

yond that itis partienlariy foe owing toa fresh
rand dressing

 

At Valley Stream yesterday tho usial crowd
of regulara of the Century Koad Club was on
hand and the triangular course to Freeport,

Streanisawa busy day
first Sunday road race was run over th

(wenty-mile triangle and = several hundre:

riders assembled to see the start an

Nnish It wasa team rac: informally arranged
bv the enthusiasts of the Merrick road Just to
add an interest to the Sunday riding. Three
feams started, two of four meu and one of two,
The first team was: lal Rusch, Firemen’'s Cyele
Club; Charles Roy, Nassau Wo: Wilson
Higinson, Nassau W and 8S lL. Stewe
art, Century ho C These started at 3:05
O'clock, The next to go were John Walsh,
Wiliam = Macsenzin, COR, CC: Jd Ww.
Dendy and Henry Galbraith, C. kl C. ‘These
started at $10. Charles Mock and Gus Egloff
both of the CR. C., who composed the thir

teain, started at 815 0'clock. The placing at the

In the afternoon the

   
 

 

finish was decided by the net time,
Mackenzie finished first in the excele
lent net time of 57 minutes The other
three of his team covered the course
in 1} hour 4 minutes 10 seconds Mock
and Egloff won second nrize, finishing with

Mock half a length ahend. inthe net timeof 1
hour 2 minutes 25 seconds. The other team
straggled home from one to ten minutes apart,
the best time, 1 hour 2 minutes 50 seconds,
‘ race Was 4 sece
and another with nore participants is planne
The prize: were of nominal
value, a one dojlar wateh being the frst,

   

The

 

Henry FE. Ducker, chairman of the Road
Records Committee of the Century Road Club,
reports the standing of the first fifteen cone
testants In the 100 mileage competition for the
first quarier, ending March 31, to be as follows:

A. I. Matlack, Cimden, No J; W. 1, Stannard,
SiringArld, Mass.; Charles Brush, Brooklyn, N.Y
dS. Bois leher, Jn, New York city: Thomas M. Rie!
ards, Camden, N.J.; James Melirath, St. Poul, Minn
Mietor Morganroth, Baltimore. Md; Linn Hendricks,
Novristown, Pa; Thomas W. Davis, Peoria, Mt
Miss Nora Horton, Denver, Col., C.S. Wilson, Du-
luth Minn; D EB, MeLeman, Minneapolis, Minn.;
Twing Stern, Toledo, OL4), Mrs. George Bunker, Chale
cago Tl; Albert Freeman St. Paul Minn.

      

 

A lad about 12 vears old produced a burlesque
on the automobile irieyeles that carry @
“trailer” fora second person, by running along
the Coney Island eyele path vesterday with his
babe sister of 2 years in tow, ina home-made
“trailer The boy wasonan ordinary bieyele
and the baby waiina seap box that had been
converted into a cart with small iron wheels,
A tongue of band steel ran from the little cart
to the brace between the baick-stays of the bi-
evele curving over the rear wheel of the eyele,
The baby looked happy and the boy contented,
According to reports obtained at different
places the boy and his novel tratler ran the
entire length of the paths, down and up

  

  

Horses, Carriages, &e.

~ PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE

OF

One Hundred Horses

FOR ACCOUNT OF TILE

THIRD AVENUE R.,

ORDER OF

R. CO.
BY

HUGH J. GRANT, Recetver,

BY

VAN TASSELL & KEARNEY
AUCTIONEERS,

ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25TH, 1908

BEGINNING AT 10:30 A. M.
AT THE
STALLTS OF THE COMPANY,
3d Ave, bet. 65th and GGth Streets,

These horses have been ased on the branch
lines of the 3d Ave, Railroad and are to be
sold the contemplated
change in the entire system to electric power.

SALE POSITIVE TO THE
HIGHEST BIDDER.

in consequence of

Sportsman's ‘Gosis,
THE
Columbia Chainless

 

Anan

 

Fitted with Columb'la Coaster Dreke; ja the
safest, aot comfortable and mo-t lusurtous
bi obtainable Weceurry them in stock,

 

Columbias,

Hartfords and
Stormers.

With every improved device and equipment.

Prices from $80 to $25,

Columbia Headquarters,
12 WARREN ST.

ne em ee

Che Turf.
STAKE RACES |
GOSHEN TROTTING MEETING,

CGUST 21 TO

 

 

    

 

 
  
  

 

} Arden Farins stake, 61.000-23:15 Class,
Trotting. ‘:uaranterd by li. Harriman
2 Brook View Farm Stake 000 2:230Class,
tting. (Guaranteed by \. Lawrence.
“% Varkway Farm Stake, 81.000 -2:25 Class,
frotting.Q Giuoranterd by Hon Jonn McCarthy,
4 -Marshiand Farm Stake, 81,000 2:30 Class,
Trotting. ‘ruar by Gen. B Tracy
6& Driving Vark *, 1.000 2:35 Class,
Trotting. Guaranteed by Executive Committee,
6 Oranve Connts Stake, 81,000 -2:18 Class,

Pacing. Gusrantverd by Executive Committee,
Juventic Stoke, 8300 3:00 Class, 3-yeare
olds, Trotting, Guarantsd by Ls cutive Com

ENTRIES CLOSE GW TUESDAY, MAY 1.

 

Entrance: fech nereert, pay ible in monthly fore
fis \ Mowidh, Seeretery, Goshen N.Y

QUEENS G0. JOCKEY CLUB

Racing Every Day at 2:30 P.M.

Admission w grand stand, $1.50. Ladies, $1.00,

Hace trains leave B. 34th ot 1050A M., |, b:A0,
1:50 P. M., and Flatbush av, 11:94A.M, 1, 153%
1,50P.M Stages connect wih Kings Co