eee

 

j
{
|

 

 

 

Seek sae SUN,

“MONDAY, APRIL, 23, 10

os
—_——

The

—
_—_

Sabscriptions by Mall, Postpald.

DAILY, per Month 80 50
DAILY, per \ ear 6 00 |
SUNDAY. per Year 200 [
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Your 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month 70

Postage to foretyn comntrie added
Tar SUN, New York City

near Crand Hotel, and

PARIS-~ Kiosque No 12,
Kiosque No. 10, Bouleward des Capucines.

If our friends who facor us v ith manuscripts for
pudlication wish to bave rejacted articles returned, (ney
must in all cases send stamps for th uv purpose

 

 

Thus Prophesy?

—_-——

Did Senator Hoar

The Commercial Advertiser prints the sub-
Joined passage as part of aspeech delivered
by Senator Hoar of Massachusetts at the
Pilgrims’ Day velebration at Plymouth fire
years ago next Deeember:

“The tree our fathers set covered at first a little
space by the seasife It has planted its banyan
branches tn the ground It has spread along the
lakes. It has girdied the Gulf It has spanned the
Mississippl. It has covered the prairie ar athe plain
The sweep of its lofty arches rises over the Rocky
Mountains and the Cascades and the Nevadas Its
hardy growth shelters the frozen regions oY the North
west, Its boughs hang over the Pacific Andina
time—in good thme--{! will send {ts roots beneath the
waves and receive under its vast canopy the istands
of the sea.”

Eloquent and patriotic words! Discern-
ment and prevision and rhetorical expres-
sion worthy of Mr. Hoar at his best!

If Senator Hoar uttered this prophecy at
Plymouth Rock in 1595, a hundred anti-
expanajon speeches by him in 1900 cannot
efface that noble metaphor of the tree.

The Continued Discussion of Impert-
alism in Canada.

The position taken at Quebec by Bir
CHaries Tupper, the leader of the Cana-
dian Conservatives, against imperial federa-
tion of a political type has been since twice
reaffirmed at Montreal. On Saturday, April
14, he made a speech to the Conservative
clubs of the last-named city, and on Tes-
day, April 17, at a banquet given to him by
his supporters, he made a carefully consid-
ered address

Referring to Sir Witenip Lavnipr’s idea
that the Dominion ought to be represented
in the imperial councils, Sir CHARLES in-
sisted that representation would have to |
be proportioned to population, and that |
such proportionate representation would
mean proportionate taxation. He repeated
the assertion made at Quebec that, if Canada
now enjoyed the representation in the |
Empire which is possessed by Lreland and
Scotland, her share of the taxes levied for
imperial purposes in the present exceptional
year would amount to 46,000,000, That

  
  
 

 

js, they assert, some form of politieal union
This, as the Montreal Drily Heralt reminds
form of Canudian
sritish Parliament

the
representation the
Some other body migit be consututs 4 for
The Herald vecalls the
Colonial

us, need not take

Pnperial purposes
late Lord FParnken’s idea that, if

| peers of great ability were added to the

House of Lords, a select committee of that
chamber might whieh would
bear toward subjects of strictly imperial
import the relation now bernie to the law
affairs of the Empire by the Judieia} Com-
mittewof the Privy Council, The diMentties
in the way of carrying such a proposal into

be evolved,

 

effect were recognized by Lord Parner
and are, indeed, obvious enough "Lhe
decisions of sueh a committee would, of

course, be merely advisory, and would have
no binding force until they had been sane-
tioned by the British Parliament, that is to
say, by a body in which, according to the
hypothesis, the Canadians would not be
represented. Even if they were repre-
sented, the Canadian members, being pro-
portioned to population, would constitute
an insignificant minority.

The more carefully the matter ts
siderad, the more clear it appears that the
devising of a type of political union be-
tween Great Britain and her Colonies is a
problem the solution of which transeends
the powers of constructive statesmanship,
As, however, a commercial union is equally
out of the question, the inference is that
Canada will never be more
ciated with Great Britain than it is to-day,

eon-

closely asso-

 

The “ Progressive Populists.”’

The Missouri Middle-of-the-Road Popu-
Msts held a convention in Kansas City last
week, and were mueh cheered by the pres-
ence of their national ticket, the Hon
Wrarton Barker of Philadelphia, Penn,
and the Hon. lonativs DONNELLY of Nin-
inger, Minn. Unfortunately the delegates
were ashamed or weary of the expressive
and straight-spined name which their party
has hitherto borna After much anxiors
deliberation they deeided to call their or-
ganization the Progressive Populist party
Now, it is not any moore progressive than the
Dead Sea. The delegates “solemnly re-
affirmed their allegiance to the immortal
principles set forth in the Omaha platform -
Those iminortal principles may be correctly
summarized as the proposition that every-
thing is going to the. worst in the worst of
all possible worlds—a theory that may
have had its attractiona for some persons
when the country’s liver was a little out oi
orday, but is essentially eomie in these hap-
pier days Yet this noble eontiniioua con-
tempt of facts is a characteristic of the
Middle-of-the-Roaders and will not be lost
by then: in their Progressive pepiod,

The Hon. W. C. AuLpnipes of California,
Mo., was the unanimous choice of the con-
vention for Governor, but he waved the

{a what the scheme of a federated Em- | honor away He said his health was
pire would now be costing Canada, were | bad. His language was vigorous enough
she represented in the Federal! Parliament | Skinning Democrats ts my forte,” he

cried; “I can skin a D®mocrat quicker

according to population, and if she, thus,
while retaining her local Legislatures, ac- |
quired a voice as to imperial affairs. Sir
CHARLES went on to say that he would never
consent to the Dominion’s being placed in
such a predicament that Great Britain could
impose a cent of taxation upon the Canadian
people without their direct consent. What
had been done by Canada voluntarily during
the present war would net have been done |

with 50 much loyal good will had it been in |
the nature of a forced contribution

While, however, Sir CHARLES TUPPER
argued that the whole plan ef a political
union between the mother country and her
colonies was impracticable, he contended
that their mutual interests would be sub- |
served by a commercial union, or Zollverein, |
The food staples and raw products of Can. |
ada and the other Colonies ought, he said, |
to have a preference assured to them in the

 

markets of the mother country by the itn-
position of duties upon similar commodi-
ties imported into Great Britain from for-
eign oountries. In return for such a con-
cession, Canada and the other Colonies
Ought to give a preference to British man-
ufactures in their respective markets
At the same time he denounced the pref-
erence given by the existing Liberal Gov-
ernment to British manufactures in the
Dominion, because no corresponding con-
cession had been secured. The Consery-
ative party, he said, did not want a prefer-
ential arrangement which was a free gift,
and, in making such an arrangement, Sir
Winrar Laver had betrayed Canada
What he had done, indeed, was worse than
a free gift, for, onthe one hand, it robbed
Canada, and, onthe other, prevented Great
Britain from doing what would best pro-
mote the great principle of reciprocal
preferential trade between the various sec-
tions of the Empire. Sir Cuan es Tupper
and his fellow Conservatives are opposed to
the preferential policy of Sir Wiurnip
LAURIER beevuse it is one-sided
Commenting on these ulteranees, the
Courrivr du Conada recalls the interesting
fact that, in July, 1897, Mr. GoLpwin Sati
criticised the attitude toward imnerialism
which had then been recently assumed by
Sir Winrnip Laurier. After pointing out
that, before his visit to London on the oc-
casion of the Queen's Jubilee, Sir WiLrrip
was believed to be opposed imperial
federation, Mr. GOLDWIN SMITH attributes
the striking change of front on the part
of the Liberal leader to the banquets
and ovations whieh he reerived the
British capital. ‘Sir Winerrp looks for-
ward with delight to the time when Can-
ada shall be represented in the Lmperial
Parliament, and that to gain a
seat therein, were he a younger man, |
would be the summit of his ambition and |
an honor to which Canada presents ae |
parallel Mr. GoLpwin Smitn went onto }
predict that what had taken place in the |
'
'

1O

in

protests

case of Sir Winrearb would even more cer-
tainly occur in the case of other persons
“Canadian delegates to the Imperial Par-
liament under a pigime of imperial federa-
tion would fall absolutely under the influence |
of Londen society, and would cease to be |
faithful representatives of Colonial
ests. The inevitable results would be serious
disappointments, a struggle to get rid of
federation, and perhaps quarrels with the
mother country, inatead of that maehtening |
of the bonds of affection which ought to he !
the object of all federationists.”

On the other hand, the supporters of

inter

Sir Wiirrnip Larnier maintain that
the commercial union advoeatel by the |
Canadian Conservatives is out of the |
Question, inistaneh as the British manu-
facturers, operatives, iminers and small
tradesmen, who constitute a large ma-
jority of the British population, will
never consent to raise the prive of bread |
ani meat by imposing duties on the

importation of sueh products from foreign
countries inorder to give Canada a prefer-
ens inthe British market. The only prac-
cable mode of tightening the bonds be-

| sparing

| than Sheolcanscorcha flea.” The delegates

implored him to begin to flay
that they would do his farm work for him,
but he was resolute in refusal. So the
Hon. J. H. HILL, who promised that he
would help the good eause to the extent
of $200, $200, or even $500, was nominated.
The platform is long and hot, It whacks
the Repablicans and Democrats with un-
rod, It seems that everybody
is eorrupt, excapt the Progressive Popu-
lists, but with the aid of initiative, referen-
dum, imperative mandate and propov-
tional representation “the great moral, social
and econowie questions of the aye” can be
settled, All official salartes ought to be re-
duced “so as to conform to the reduction

 

| that has taken place in the price of prod

ucts.” A favorite scheme of Populists

of all shades until they get into office, when |

they forget it.

Here isthe particular jewel of the plat-
form:

‘The tssuance of liernses to Trusts, th making
Trusts Ieeitimate, and permanently fastening them
upon the nation, ander the pian now being advocated
by Mr. WinttaAw ... BRYAN and by Me Jonn D
PROCKPFELLER of the Standard O11 Trust, we de-
founce asa designing scheme to enable corrupt and
@recaying politieal parties, by the levy of poliileal
blackmail upon the Trusts, to extort enormous sums,
under the name of campaign funds, for us¢ in the cor
ruption of State and national elretions”’

So Davrp is only “putting up" a sham
fight with Goniatn! Such fs the bitter
judgment passed by (he Progressive Popu-
lists on the Populist leader of 1896.

   

The Inheritance Vax Appraisers.

When the experiment of taxing inhert-
tances was undertaken for the first time in
State in 1885 no one expected the
extraordinarily epasful development of
this system of taxathon which has taken
place, The original Collateral Inheritance
Tax law, passed in 1883, was derived from
the Penneyivania statute, where legislation
far back as i828

this

auc

on the subject dates: as
It was not

its operation was restricted to property
passing by the will of the owner, or on bi
death without a will, to his) collateral
relatives or strangera. Repeated amend-

ments have perfected the machinery for the
collection of the tax, which has also heen
extended in ita scope so that inheritances
by parents of the lineal descendants of the
owner are now taxable, The whole subject
is dealt with in Article X. of the General
Tax law of 1508,

Up to the present time the changes have
been for the most part
Certainiv none can he
thoroughly hopelessly

IMmnrovements
condemned
had It bh

as

and is

| been reserved for the Legisiatupa of to,

an ‘ndment to the
Inheritance Tax law which will be a very
black blot upon the

if the Governor perinits it

however, to enact

am

 

in teed statute book

oOo wo touere

The moet important duty imposed upen
the officers who are charred with the exe-
lention of the law is the ascertainment of
the value of the estates which are subieet
to this transfer tax Phat duty ia per.
formed by appraisers, who are appointed
hy the Surrogate of the county in which
the property is to be valved The funetion
ia judicial, and the appointment of an an-

praiser by the Surrogate, who isa Protate

| Jude, is analogous to the appointment of
a referee by a Judge in a court of general
jurisdiction, A reportof the appraisement

is filed with the Surregate anda duplicate
with the State Campirollor, The appraise.
ment may be reviewed by means of an ap-

peal to the Surrogate by the State Cemp-
troller or any dissatisfied person, and frre
ther reviews may be liad in the Apneliate
Division of the Sup: Court and in the
Court of Apne

All tases ¢ \ Ger t Inher “ee
Tax law ara mequired to be paid into the
Treasury of the State for the use of the
State, to be applied to the exponses of the

State Government and auch otf
as the Lecslature shall direct,

er PUPpPOr “ss
The statute

ween the mother country and her Colonies

They said |

very well drawn, however, and |

     

 

   
 

l makes the State Comptroller the principal | South; "by the Colonists not wanting to

oMcer to enforce and supervise the collec-
tion of the tat. He receives the reports of
the appraisers; he charges the County
Treasurers with the amounts reapectively
payable by them on account of the tax, and
is the chief oficial representative of the
Stete in the mumerons and important litiga-
tions arising under the law
| iy a bill whieh was passed in the dying
days of the late Legislature it is proposed
to deprive the Surregates of the counties
of New York, Kings and Brie of the power
‘which they now possess to appoint ap-
| praisers in transfer tax cases and to confer
that povrer upon the State Comptroller,
| The effect of this enactment, if it receives
| the approval of the Governor, will be to
| perinit the State Comptroller to select
| judicial officers who are to act in cases in
which he is an interested party
| When we first suggested this objection
) the answer was made that the State Comp-
troller was only nominally a party to liti-
| gations growing out of the transfer tax
and that his interest was merely titular.
The worthleseness of this answer becomes
| obvious when we consider the patronage
| exercised by the State Comptroller in the
matter of giving employment to lawyers
who are paid out of the proceeds of the
inheritance tax. In cases where an appraisal
is to be made the State Comptroller is
expressly anthorized to designate and
retain counsel to represent any County
Treasurer or City Comptroller who is
required to be cited as a party to the pro-
ding. ‘The expenses of the lawyers thus
employed are paid out of the funds realined
from the inheritance tax, Weare informed
that the sum of $119,210 was disbursed
under the direction of the State Comptroller
| in the fiscal year ending in 1899 on account
of such Jegal services and expenses.
It is idle to. pretend that an oflcer who
| spends nearly $120,000 a year among law-
yers to make sure that estates are ape
praised high enough, and that every avail-

ce

able dollar is collected under the trans-
fer tax, occupies a position of indifference
or impartiality which renders it proper for
him to appoint the appraisers under this
statute. Indeed, he is denominated an in-
terested party by the very language of the
law, which commands the Surrogate to tm-
mediately give notice, upon the determina-
tion by him, as to the value of any estate
taxable «ender the statute, and of the trx
to whieh it is liahle, *to all parties known
to be interested therein, tneluding the State
Comptroller.”
The objection to permitting a litigant to
appoint a Judge to act in his own cause Is
so [iindamental that it should he deemed
conclusive. There are other grounds on
which the measure to which we refer ought
to be condemned, but this alone should
insure ita rejection by Governor RoosE-
VELT.
'
|
|

 

Progress of Fducation in the District
of Columbia.

The syatem of teaching used in the public
sehools of the District of Columbia has
lately been tested practically by the sub-
committee of the Senate Committee on the
District. Many parents and employers
have complained that the graduates of the
public schools murder English and can't do
simple “sums” in arithmetic. The sub-
committee arranged a series of examina-
tions for pupils in the first year of the high
schools, Such an examination should be a
favorable test of the work done in the lower
grades, as presumably only the best grad-
nates from these enter the high schools, As
to arithmetic, the report of the sub-com-
mittea says that outside of the Business
High School ‘less than a third of the high
school pupils could pass the ordinary exami-
nations for clerical positions as set by the
Census Bureau or the Civil Service Commis-
sion. notwithatanding the fact that these
pupils have finished their Instruction in
arithmetic.”

But it is in history that the pupils shine,
They begin the atudy of history in the third
grade, continue it in the fourth and fifth,
une four text books in it in the sixth, study
the history of the United States from the

time of the Revolution in the seventh, and

take np English history inthe ighth. The
exaciness of the knowledge attained in these
years of study is evident from some of thu
examination papers printed by the sub-
committee. To the question: “Name the
four nations that had most todo with the
discoveries and early settlements of this
country, and state what part of the country
each explored and settled,’ the most origi-
nal answer Waa this:

 

‘The four nations are the American The Europeans,
sand Astans.
Massachtusetie tn
The Indians or

The Pilgrims settled to Piym
1620 They were also
Americans where the ones

Altion
oul

Amvricagis
| who fiset settled America, but were afterward driven
{ Aathe Pilgrims were Puritans they were Pore
| lhe Europeans explored the Hudson river
| andRayv. They being explored by lit RY HUDSON,
{a isurojean. They were named after him as tludson
river and bary. Therefore they settled in America "

out

in heart

 

One conservative young investigator con-
tented kimself with the assertion that
“Holland was settled by the Duteh Ger-
many Was settled by the Germans Italy
| was discovered by the Italians and Portugal
| by the Portuguese.’ According to a more
| daring student ‘the people of Italy dia-
covered the northwestern part of America
the French people discovered the south-
} eastern part while the people of England
the northeastern part and the people of
Germany discovered the southwestern part
of the country.’

The question ‘Give a brief agcount of
the Puritans or of the Pilgrims” brought
|

 

ont these prize anawers:

 

 

 

Pigrims were called pilgrims because they pil
grimedand Journed
The rilrims praved for providence which was at
times granted ta them
| I exiles from england were called Pilgrims
after the roek# coastof Piymonth upon whieh they
leat
' The Plcrims landed athly. ncth rock early in the
1 eneloe t mall boat ealled the May Plower, When
they landed th were fewln number Belong opposed
t weather ma died. Their clothing wae not
| ch forwinterand thelr shelter 4.d not pratect
theevd, s ', raln and snow from eor g
Onestion Three was this
e nme ye tmportant cences whch led to
eves tthe following mel ware, and the natlor 4
, orp rinvolved in ene The Vreneh and Indian
War # jRerolitio the War of 1818; ard the
Rebellf or Clef] Wer
This elicited a flood of curious informa-
tir The Civil War was caused by the
“questions of slavery and suceession:”
he President forbilthe Americans to it
terfere with the affairs of Canada the
Civil War was cansed by undisputed tere.
tery,” “the mitin cane was the rebellion
whieh lie! 1 en North and South
The Premch and indian W Was coajen
| perse mood « lower clias of
peopie by toe mobiles i wasearrielan
Vn ne f the meet promines (ianerals i?
no the mest prominent French General
nimed Larvarte and the indiane

| The War of 1812 “was caused by a dis-
| Pate ownership of land in the

the

over

 

Join union

The pupils were asked to write "a con-
nected story” about one of these inven-
tions, the cotton gin, the steamboat, the
telegraph, the telephone and electric light,
and some responded nobly as follows

“Sir Lewy NewTron invented the steamboat”

‘COLUMBUS who was one of Ihe Greatest men of
early history discovered by wire. what eoustituted
electricity.’

The electric light was dtacovered, or invented by

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN wha obtained bis power from |

lightning.”

‘The cotion gin from 8 pounds to 8,000 pound. a
day."

“Our forefathers had no way of recet¥ing meesages
in olden time by the way of telephone so when they
wish any one togeta very hasty message they would
fend it bya boy monted on the back of a camel or
anox.”’

“The eariicst discoveries or settior who had any
thing todo with this country was CHRISTOPHER CO
LUMBUS, Who in 1492 first saw, to Know, America
Vhen to there were the Pilgrims who settled Ia Mason
the cost ‘These were an [inglish people who found |t
diMeult orrather disagreeable to have their relig ons
views dictated to them, and whotn consequence em!
crated,”

The final question, ‘Name the three
branches into which the Government of the
United States is divided, and state in gen-
eral the duty of each branch, tapped the
founts of knowledge. Among the replies
were there:

   

‘The juditia. is the disobeyers of law.”

“The judicial ts vested in the attorneys and the
clerks.”*

The Judlenary department caplairs or expands."

“The Judicial body ts to look after wills orphans
&ec.""

* The Judieal consists congressman formed into a
body and Is called congress.”

“The Senate, the House of Repersenters Populary
Assembly are the three into which the government of
the United States is divided.!’

‘The Government of the United States 1s divided
into three principal branches~ Finanelal, State and
Interior.”

The three branehes into which the Government of
the 1) S ts divided is the House of Representatives
Senate and the Legisiature.”’

“The Interlor Department has eharge of the agri
cultural conditions of the country making of roads
for national uses and the {mprovement of our Army
and Navy.”

“The Goverment of the United States is divided
Into three branehes, the Mouse, the Senate and the
Legislative Comittee, consisting of President, Viee
President and Cabinet. The President writes out his
plans with help of Cabinet and sends {t to the House
and Sengte, where they approve or disapprove Just
as they think best"

These answers are interesting beeause
they illustrate the extraordinary muddle of
young minds into which much has been
hammered but which have retained no clear
idea. It would be utterly unfair, however,
to judge all or most of the Washington
pupils by these whimsical pieces of laborious
misinformation. .

 

The American Uibrary at Manila.

Last November a movement was started
in California to establish in Manila an
Amerioan library. The idea was of course
primarily to benefit our soldiers dn fle Mhil-
ippines, but itis clear that such an instifn-
tion will be at once of equal vale to the
people of those islands, and in the end of
even greater value to them

The management of the library is now in
the hands of wives of Army officers em-
ployed in the Philippines, the director being
Mrs. GREENLEAR, Wifa of Assistant Sur-
geon-General C. R. GQreenear, and the
libratan the widow of Col Eaurrr. A
library building is needed in Manila as well
as money for books. The assistant corre-
sponding secretary of the Assoaiation, Mrs
P. L. SuHerman, Jr, asks THe Sun
“bring the matter more before the public
and secure aid either in material or books
The circular accompanying this lemer
requests the people of the United States to
help establish this ‘first gift of our Occi-
dental civilization" to our Oriental posses
sions, in the hope that it may become a
centre of Ainerican sentiment and intelli-
gence in the Far East

It is called “Tee American Library of
Manila,” and it will bea perpetual memo-
rial to the soldiers and sailors of the Ameri-
can army and navy who lost their lives in
the Philippinearchipelago. The Hong Kong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation in
Manila is the treasurer of the library
Checks or drafts may be sent to that bank,
but books and other reading matter should
be sent direet to the library,

to

Pridar was Arbor Day in Pennsylvania, and
Col James MADISON GuPrkrY planted a weep-
{ng willow When Pitteburg Democratic leaders
are swatting one another inthe face, what can
Col Jim Guerrey do but mourn for murdered

| harmony?

 

 

Among the suecessfid advertisers of the United
States, a position of prominence will be given by
common consent Dr, bh. BENJAMIN ANDREWS.=
Kenncvee Journal

Phisisunjusttoone of the most active and
{nteresting peripatetics tn the country Dr
FuisHa BeNsaMiIn ANDREWS expresses boldly
ai al! times his own idioavnerasies
and does the unexpected That's hi
andcharm = [ts not his fault, but!
he makes himeelf talked about Heis an orlg-
inal and a vigorous citizen, and wherever he
wanders there will bea hot time in each town
he visits

surprise

* fate,

The decision of the Alabama Democrats by a
great majority, tore-elect the Hon Jonx TYLER
MorGan asa Senator in Congress should serve
toinform Col BRYAN as to the popularity in

Alabama of his hubbub about imperialism
i

 

About onee every twelve months Uncle Hop
Rores of lowa wakes up, forgets whar vegrit
is, and cries fora tariff for revenue only, “the
only purpos® for which a tax ie rightfully laid
He isan excellent old gen‘leman, but his regu
loagor needs to be adjusted Te ia about
slowest Democrat tn these United States

the

New Stamps.
To THE MoITOR oF THR SUN
years ago, and before our reeentinsular ac

Sir Several

nisttton

you may remember that | suggestedin Tue Suna
Stareand Stripes postage stamp Thr SUS, as well
4s other newspapers, commended the tdea and the P
O. D. sat down on (ten aceountof the expense, New
that we have eolpnial possessions and greater wealth
why wouldn't the Star Soangled Banner be the
preper centreplece for a stamp t be used by the
{stands in our possession and at home as we {we
choose that Kind instead of the meaningless pale
pinks and @reess, ¢ ow ecunent?: A plain flag
three Guartersof anineh long on a white centre, with

brown lace work border, would be the prettiest postage

 

   

stamp in the world and witli it e flow would truly
float over every land of the globe Wid
New \ oni, April 19
rome & N ir
arilele deaerihlogr eastimps forthe bene
fit of the Butals | nd thal come hesitaney
| abouts dest@u for the sigth mtany led ceeurred, bat
{ onee thouchi,why don't they ueetoritant NAS! ty
be uscd stimn the pleture fa bat? \imerican
bison, ott eabofo a hull Pala” World it not
miken far sStaimp and one really sought after by
Ali ugersan lL coileet ors? C. BE
ALBANY, Apr
No Twin Mierobes for Him,
From the 7'Sonographt: F
a clergyman gout tekirien? aria
oneda f { oye of his pare ore lew ,
his u'sge Please at s e ’ '
thevirtuet ext tog . ( .
the man onl destre ¢ t ese haa *
teriou@n ge woreer lee fed fr Cintra
npormehlue the tenes sotd t ot ere e
fo agon wry 1) { thise »you Vor
' The last twovoupesasiived bere baw tying f
tomy missus, TH take and whitewash, * pince a's
there may n't be no tufection.” You sce sit, a» bow

We've gotten of ‘emalmaty.” \

He sava |

that |

} net

 

) andin this ta

iN SOUTH AFRICA,
‘Le peneral impression given by the latest
Covpatches is that although efforts “ being
londe on the British «ide to cope with fhe offen-
hve netvity of the Boers, the condition of the
Dtry iss ich, owing to the heavy raing, that
the movement of the troops and the necessary
transport are all but impracticable for the
the details of
campaign may
that it is temporarily
suspended, Some twenty-five miles away
'o the east of  Ploemfontein
ure said to have a strong post of about two
thousand men covering the road to Thaba
N’Chu and Ladyvbrand, and the most advanced
British force in front of Bloemfontein ts just
beyvend Karee Siding, which is about twenty-
five off. The raiiway communtieaton |
with the Orange River is temporarily inter-
ripted Ly the washing away of the bailasting nt
several points by the floods, and the only parts
ofthe south of the Free State a jually tn British
those on whieh the British |

lord
be, it

present Whatever
plan of

evident

Roberts's

Is cpiite

titles

|
}
|
fecupation are |
froupsareencamped The publication of the re- |
ports on Gens Buller and Warren bas served
todivert the mindof the British public from the
conduct of the campaign for the time being, |
but there wilt soon be a call for some sub- |
stantial progresa toward Pretoria Meanwhile |
every day's delay adds to the sick roll and im-
puirs the morale and efficteney of the troops

\s the pivot of the whole situation ts at
Bloemfontein, there can be no movement of
importance by etther the army in Natal nor the
lett wing until the main army has its rear
cleared of the commandos in the south, @
thing that apparentiy should be easy
enough, but the same is prov-
ing more dificult than it looks to
be. Of the Boer imesns of resisting
Lord Roberts's advance when it does begin
little or nothing is known, the Boer censorship

being as rigorous as the British, but so far they
seer to have Jost nothing of their tenacity of
putpose nor slackeved in their determination

o flwht for their independence to the laat, and
the war is weil into ita seventh mont!

The death of Gen DeWet, reported from
Lorenzo Marques, ts, if true, a serious blow to
the Boers He has bean the ebief Jeader in all
the recent movements round Bloemfontein
since the surrender of Gen Crone

all

WOMAN SUFFRAGE AND GROWTH OF
POPULATION. — ,

Ingenious Appeal of a Woman Suffragist to
the Voters of Oregon,

To THe Rorion or THESUN- Sir, One of the
striking effects of equal suffrage for
women in the States where it exists is the ex-
traordinary growth of population and material
prosperity wi have resulted Wyoming
granted full suffrage to women with less than
9,000 inhab.tunts, to-day it has more than 100,- |
OOO) Wyoming, Colorado, and Idaho combined
had only 267746 in to-day they number
nearly a million, Many people in the Eastern
and Middie States are annually driven by the
advancing wave of Kuropean immigration to

mmuke their homesfarther weap In theirchoice
of residence they are attracted by the fact that

Thivst

}aSO)

equal suffrage has been adopted in certain
localities That speaks well fos the chivalry
ofethe men and for the intelligence an
publie spimt of the women A deeadent

community has no use fora movement toenlarge
liberty and promote free tnstitutions When
people read that the Oregon Legislature, by an
overwhelming majority of both houses, in two
rucC@ssive sessions, has voted to submit en
eqaal suiffrage amendment next June, they sac
“Whe is not Oregon the best of all States in
which make our homes and educate our
children?’
it will be worth millions of dollars to the
e within the nest five vegrs in the increased

  

unber and superior quality of tninigrants
aod inthe advanced value of real estate that
Will follow
Attention is turned at this time, as never be-
fore, to the Pacific slope Ene nanehation at Ha-
walland the Philippines will stimulate the grow-
ing commerce between the United States and
the swarming populations of China and Japan
It will wive the Western farners new markets
for their products and a free exchange of these
for sugar, tea, coffee, tobacco, oon and
spices. Great cities will grow up on the Bacio }
seaboard Portland, Me., has grown rich on
West India cojnmer why should not Port-

 

 

Jand, Ore., grow rich on her Rast India con-
nectons? The possibilities of Portland ag a
Thannlacturing and commer ial centre for the
wesiery half of the continent are not

et fully appreciated. San Franeisco on the
‘ hh, Tacoma and Seattle on the north, have
been re Widely advertised and have achieved
irre riety. Yet the intermediate locality

    

pr in the long run more available New
York onthe Hudson River was once asmaltler |
city than Philadelphia or Boston; vet Ithaasur- |
\ ised them beth Portland, in the Columbia |

iver Vallev may also some dav distance its
therm and southern eomipetitors The soll
and climate of Oregon have great advantages
Free from drought and duat, blessed with an
ejuable temperatmre at gil seasons, timsur-
et doin healthtulness and fertility, Oregon
seapable of supporting a great farming popu-
Int ind Portland, as its bustness and social
nay vet become the metropolis of the

ma

  

  
  

   

Vn wast

Orevan ig excentiondly fortunate {n the char-
acter of its people They have not been sud-
dey drawn toi by the greed of precious met-
dlsor tle excitement of speculation Its early
settlers were adventurous ploneers, meg and

Wormen who preceded the tntrodnetion o
rode ‘They crossed the desolate plains for
2,00 milesin waeons with ox teams, rifle in
hand, guarding their families and live stock
qainst hostile Indians Their worth is shown,
by the ability of their public nen and the supe-
rior merit of their newspapers

Theadvantages of Oregon are being talked
over to-day is hundreds of familtes throughout
the States east of the Mississippi River These
people are about to dectde whether thelr future
yomes shall bein Kansas, Nebraska, lowa, Min-
besota or the Dakotas, or whether they will

raii-

 

  
   

eross the Rockies: and {1 the latter, whether
California, Oregon or Washington shall be thelr
destination Ifthe equal suffrage amendment
Carrips, the ponuilar choice will be Oregon

Hoston, April 21 Henny Bo BLACKWELL

The Hallans in Amertca,
OR OF THE SUN -Sir: Some an-
has been stirred up agatnst the Ital.
fun by the inetdeats at Croton Dam during the past
week, even to a threaton the part of the authorities
to deport all who have not been in the country an en
tre \ little better knowledge of the Itallan
character and bis history will readily disdpate any
anta@onisms

The thine was when the Irish American hated the

To THR En

necessary ferling

year

Halian. To him every Iallan was one of the Car
bonarl, and nis liberty loving Americanism revolted
against the s cret plottings of the revoludonary so

cieties. ‘The losh Catholle waeled to look upon the
lislian asthe Jallerofthe Pope and responsible for
bistoany yearsof imprisonment. But latterly this
point of view has been changed. The Italian who

comes to @ur shores to day is not an antagonist of the
Holy Father but a cosufferer with him. Catholle
Italy bas always been loyal to the Papney. If the
Catholles hed been allowed to Zo to the polls Im Italy
they would easily have overturned the robber Govern
ment by cleeting their own deputies but it has

seemed Rood to the Holy Father in his greater wis

 

dom toask thatth y abstain from voting, and asa
loyal people they have obeyed. The rgsult ie that
with the protest ts keptup the abnormal state of
affaires i® perpetuated The tases have become so
onerout that millions ofthe poor people hawe had to
forsake their citars and thetr fireside and to Go away
into the land of the Stranger in order to secure the
hare neeesvacies of f*) America has given them as
warm a welrome as she ®ave any other martyr race,

dof equal ngote b fore the jaw the

 

 

 

Irish, th and the italian ®rasp sympathetic
hand ‘ aster Sunday morning | have seen
an trisheompany and a Polish national coctety and
groups of “Mh: children of sunny Italy” worshipping
atthe same altar, and as they passed outofths chureh
they exgtud the courtesles of the salute to each
ober

Three races, martyrs toonpressi evil Governments

 

athotie, meth reinastrang: land andextend thy

 

 
 

ee

 

\
|
|
the Boers |
|
|
|
|

|
|
|
|
Ifthe suffrage amendment is car- |

  

 

right handoff rrhipasd mingle their pravere b |
fore aeomt alta Che em oof these people
ee Amorican eittrene of nest Keneration, |
nol (hey whl be ae food eitizens as nay that we
have SP. Doyvin
Nmw YORK, Apetl ot Catholic Wort! Magerine

Sir ©. Warren's Worning Tub,

From the London Datly Nene

 

There issomething extremely English in the story
of Sir Charles Warren “doin® trimbies AS lwouneer
expr in ope ro e battlefield of Vaal
Nyreug Mir Coaries ider No elreumstances, inter
re 1 On the ocesst on of Buller
t r ca ey; sree et
° eR ‘ t woe aa roles or
: sportean howe itheen .
theopeva flee Warten, evomarn @ the
' ! to ta s ' sult mely
fore , y enemy, he onemy were
pera, to rye ationbthed att Hritien *eren
trietty ef bathing at all, muen more of buvhing in
tits eatremeély pubic fash oa, to attemiptary violent
luterruphen,

  

——

PHILIPPIN

 

 

of Senator iMoar's Speech.

To 1mk Epiton of Tum BuN- Sir db have
read with interest the report of Senator Hoar's
Apeech in the Senate upon the duty of the
United States to cut loose from the Philippines
and set them adrift Allof (he nine sections of
his anawer to the question, what todo with the
islands, seen (nadeqnate and unconvine ne

First, he says he would declare that we
would not take those islands 1o govern them
against their will) ‘There are fourteen hundred
of these islands, and there is no sort of silonal
life or precent affinity among (he various tribes,
binding them into a community of any desenp-
tion. And nothing whatever except the tnter-
vention of the United States prevents the set-
fing up of pot only one foreign government,
but a variety of external muthorities over the
individnal island tnd without our present
intervention Senator Hoar would he a witness of
the real thing he dreads, a or
series of governments over those talands with-
ont a seintilla of consent on the partot any of
the people thereof

The United States will not only bring
gift of self-government tosthe people, out will
weld them tite a nationality

In the Senator's second paragraph he says he

government,

the

panid have ‘jee yy f sovereignty |
would have us reject a cession of & | Slots Ban nik of aie hlaroie

which impiles that severeiguty may be bougut
and sold and delivered without the consent of
the people

Spain, he says, had no rightful sovereign)
over the Philippines: could not rightfolly sell,
and we could not rightfully buy

If the title of Spain isto be q
nearly four centuries of partial to coms lete
possession, we shall have to upset every fenure
of landand every national ttle ta the world
to-day.

The world belongs to him who ean take and
hold, and the most peaceable and unquestioned
possession of the hour and day in every
civAized land runs back a comparatively short
course to the title of the svord

Even William Penn, a litte more than two
centuries ago, amanof peace and justice, set-
ting out to acquire peaceable tithe to the lands
granted him from the King of England, agreed
with the Dalaware Indians to buy from them,
and did actually pay their price for the land he
immediately desired But he soon found bis
purchased tithe challenged and successfully
aborted by the representatives of the Five Na-
tions, who, When thes heard of the treaty with
the Delawarea, came down in hot haste from
central New York to straighten things out

“What,” they said to the quatiing Delawares,
“vou sell land! Why, you are women;
have no land: you are conquered vassals
are our tenants at will And the poor Dela-
wares slunk away like boys caught in the act of
robbing an orchard. And the Williain Penn
corporation was obliged a little later to supple-
ment thelr weak quit-claimn conveyance from
the Deluwares with a valld deed from the
chiefs of the powerful Pive Nations, a deed
for which they paid the substantial sum of
£2,000 in British gold

Twelve generations of natives have come and
gone since the Spanish sovereignty was estab-
lished over the Phillippines: a sovereignty
resting so comy lately onthe power to hold by
the sword against other ee Phat when, 138
vears ago, the English captured Manila, tt
took $6,000,000 to ransom it, and fo restore the
Spanish sovereignty that the naval prowess of
Great Briain bad partially deatroye

When Dewey, tn the name of the United

States, destroyed the Sparueh fleet and Manila
lay atthe merey of bis guns, there was @ like
inipairinent of the sovereignty of Spain, But
the war ended by the act of Spain in suing for
vweace before the po of the fourteen
vundred islands was cofnplete Spain lad an
impaired tide to such portions of the group es
had not vw been reduced to actual possession
by the forces of the United States, and there
were but two courses to pursue: either the
Spanish sovereignty Must be restored by the
ransom of Manila or the residuary title of
Spain respectedand acquired by purchase by
the United States All the secondary titles
vested in the inhabitants of the islands re-
mained imtact, and the United States succeeded
to the sovereignty of Spain not with a purpose
to destroy or impair the existing privileges pt
the people, but to add measurably to their lib-
erty and opportunities for material and mental
developmen

Senator Hoar says, in bia third proposition,
that he would require all foreign Governments
to keep ont those islands. Let him rest
sarene on this point: that the United States will
see to it aseffectuaiivas it will to the keepina
out of foreign Governments from Central and
South America: and what moreemphatic notice

 

estioned after

you

you

   

 

 

 

| can we give to the world to keep off the Philip-

pine grues than by unfuriing our banner over
evory crag, every schoolhouse, and every hone
on every island and islet in that great group?

Astothe fourth point, offering help to the
Filfpinos tn maintaining order until they ean
establish a governmentof (heir own, we wil! do
allthat and very much more We will not onty
show them the way, but hew the way and send
ther along it with modern despatch

His fifth looks to limiting our service to ad-
view, if they desire it, fn the setting up of a free
and independent government

The ‘Senator is unpractical
wendent government over fourteen hundred
jlanda without tational intercoramuniention
Would not last over night A. single cruiser
fromany of the navad powers would end it

In the sixth paragraph Senator Hoar shows a
most remarkable weakness, and he realiv putes
himself outside the pale of recognition as a safe
or reputable adviser tor the American people
Hia scheme is to notify all the great Powers of
Europe to unite in an agreement that the in-
dependence of the Filipinos shall not be
interfered with by us, by themselves, or by anv
one of them with the consent of the orbers!
This is monstrous enough to put the Senatorin
the “also spoke" clasa with Jolin Hay Dis
jan is to extend the political condition of
witzerland over the Philippines

Does Senator Hoar forget that it is his erand
privilege to be a citizen of the American Re-
public, that that republic is able to stand
alone. that it) possesses brains competent to
steer the Ship of State, and power en h to
maintain it on tte course without the @ si#tance
of any of the monarchies of the Old World?

The guarantee of the United States of the
freedomn, of the autonomie or other suitable
home rule for the Filipinos is all sufietent

The seventh paragraph isa wordy rehash of
previous divisions He wanis us to declare that
the Filipinos have aright, undisturbed and in
peace, to astablish a new government for them-
selves

Our Governinent is hastening to gi
habitanta ‘ocal self-government and as fast as
they are competent to esercise more extended
functions of government they will be neanpded

The elahth paragraph is really divcredituble
he would leave the islanders to work out thelr
salvation withoutlet or aid from us, and save
that to confer the aiftof freedon: from without
is to disregard all the lessons of history

This is one of the most disappointing things

 

A free and inde-

 

 

 

ve the in-

    

 

inthe entire performance Does the Senator
forget thatin the short space of thirty-three
years the presout generation of Filipinos will

   

he uuder the sod, and will have been replaced
by another generation born under the American
flaw, taugiutin American schools and saturcted
with Americanenterprise? Whatever of liberiy
the present generation shall enjoy must come
now and ja the quickly passing veats of the im-
mnediate future

He wants us to letthem work out their «
salvation “as our own ance slowly and
the long centuries worked out theirs

 

 

 

  

   

           

 

  
  

   

 

  

 
  
  

|
}

j epleration congested in. cities

 

 

in the manly, courageous

and all other ennobling and
atypifedby the flag of our

cominon country!

Np American can look upon his eountry’s
starry banner and conceive of its being ren
sentative of anything meroenary or sonia
Wherever it fouts, there we know will be {
an iinplacable foe to tvranny and an unwaver-
ina defender of liberty!

Hut iam glad the Senator has apoken, a!
that have carefully read and absortey
his views Henoeforth | ahall not pet
to hear from him 1 dismiss him as he hos
diarnissed himself fe is ont of tune with our
tines Yet the times of to-day are singing as
sweet and tuneful a refrain as greeted my ear
nearly sixty years age, when first Too; net
them to the inspiring voices of the world, spen! .
ing im the glorious drama of our coutry ¢
history

Those voices had all the fire of a fervent pa.
friotiam, they breathed a deep-seated and abi.
iow love of liberty, there was a note ol tn.
umphant jovin every word, The inspiration
of freedom and the love of country, that:
niflcent heritage so recently wrenched from tha
despotic wraap of Bngland, filled the hearts of
the Americans of that day to overtlowing
Their songs were exnultant paans of vietory. of
patriotie devotion of Maw and country The
American of thatday trod bis native soil asa
proud ind happy monarch: his Joy Was Wieons

nec

ja he patriotiem of this generation less than
that ot the fret aalfof the century? Whatever
others toay think or say, Tsay No! Despite
the increase of poverty due te
and I oun

=

ablding fa
truthful, merel
fnepiring prisetn

 
 

 

ge

  

 

i seated in the soil, the people of to-day ure na

layal and as fervently devoted to the princit ies
of American liberty aod progress as in any pre.

\nd the future which wilh be unbosomed jn
the venrs of the coming century will bring as
hote glow of patrioticm fo the hearts of the

' generation that isto succeed us as burned in

the hearts of those who pow peacefully slumber

beneath the soil it is still our. priviiewe to
tread GeoRnuk W. DITHRIpGk
New You, April 20

WHEN FRANCE ied TNE WORLD,

A Retrospect and a Compartson,
From the Courrier des Biais !' nis
“In the good old doys when France was {n
the lead," said the Hollander, Vander Hevden,
urope was far inore generous that it
day No doubt Frenchmen, Hke other people,
have their faults
ways just; neither were thelr wars always?
tut, efter all, Frenehn

 

 

 

Pheir conquests were not al
ngs

stand

DA Ous

 

alone in their intervention in favor of the weak

and the oppressed and in their vigorous sup-
port of every just and noble cause When ie
people of the United States rose up ayainst op.
pression, Who rushed to their assistance?
Frenehmnen Who brought about the
ment that ended with the battle of Navarin?
Who liberated Itralv? And who snatched from
the red-handed Druses that sorely pressed litte
population, the Maronites’ And, even in their
conquests, the French were not oppressors
The people of the Low-Countries from: 1705 uit
Isl4 never considored them real enemies Tha
same may be saidlof the people in the ihenisn
Provinoes and in Switrerland

“Now look at the attitude of Rurope since the

1iOVes

close of the terrible war of (870-71) You tnd
that from that date to the present moment nor
ane single act of fnternational wejerositv. has

been perforined = All the civilized nations have
been either cowardly or stupid) They looked
on celmly while the Turks were crushing the
Greeks They permitted the qaine Torke to
murder 200,000 Armenians: an@ to-day they
witness with the same compogure the death
struawie of that aplendid little people, the
Boers, who have already put up the most herole
fig}! that was ever witnessed since the days of
Miltiades and Themistocles whose deeds muy be
more or lexs adorned by a beautiful growth of
legends, while thase of the Boers are framed in
facts and (igures before our eyes

“Ah yes, Europe was more noble under the
Jead of France Phe parvenne nations have
been tried and found wanting, They are in-
capable ef any chivalrous and noble action
Who will giv® us back the France of old whose
herole generosity challenged the admiration of
the world? Uniertunately, nothing now re-
mains but the cold calculations of the Germans,
the jealousy of the Italians and the miserable
blindness of the Austrians Old Europe is like
a cadaver under the away of those people of
Hamburg, Berlin and Frankfort, who claim to
be thre superiar race, and who, in reality, are
nierely a pack of dull and stupid shopkeepers.”

Cost of Living in New York.

To Tur Evivor or Tuk Sun~Str; The
problems of bow to live in New York are aa
various almost as the individuals composing the
vast populatien. Experienceis the only anawer
for thoss of moderate incomes.

Vhe communication from a “Would-be Resi-
dent,’ published recendy in Tire SuN, wherein
complaint is made of the diffleulty of securing
apartments at a ressonable rental, is well founded
aa for as it gees, but it does not go far enough

To those familiar with the locality, rooms and
apartments can be rented to-day at figures which
mace New York oneof the cheapest citesin the
civilized world yo live in,

Nor is this statement based on anv visionary
es'imates made by interested parties for the pur
yore Of publication. In many of such cases the
prices patd for ariicles of food are entirely at
variance with the actual figures

The Government's expertea in statistics are
responsibil» for the statement that 9 man can live
comfortably on 18 eents a day, and I am pre
pared to indorse this assertion. and, having for
many years kept an account of household ex
penses, to ndd that two people can live well, with
management on #380 a month. This ineludes

Rent of a floor ina respectable old faspioned
house eee cbenes : $11.0
Firteher ANd BLOCOP ..cocccceersces-vecnry vf

Hread and milk ann

Wine and beer ane

Washing : . 280

Gas both for ight and cooling ereenee ha

$n0.0

For the quarter ending March 81 the totr!
expenditures, including ¢ al, were 88.87) Fort

 

yenr ending 1890 they were 8404
AW Ro BRASHER
New Yor, April 2

 

Malden Dane.

‘To THE Eprrok O¥ THE SUN--Sir: No dou
Mr. AS. Clarkand Mr. Arthur Gulterman are quite
rigbtin asserting that the salt waterof the East River
and of the Broad street diteh was e for
washing purposes, bul this salt water reference ‘
no bearing on the question at lasue-—the origin of the

uodesira

 

name Maiden Lane. Asa matter of fact there was
supply of fr water in New Amsterdam, There
were publiewells in the middle of Broadway, Pesr

and other streets: there was a spring In MINS n
William) street, one near the fort
Hattery, &e., whieh, it is fair to arsume,
neeisof the town. My contention was that Maiden
Lane did notowe its romantic designation trans b

another near te
supplied the

    

feature as a general outdoor laurdry, and | sougnt
to emphasize my point by eotiing attention tothed
tance of this anetent road from the town proj
Rut aside from ali this, the original name reads
decides the oue-tlon, The Duteh ealled it T' Magee
Paatje- the Melden's Patp, whieh to the THollance
means, not mere path but a lovers’ renders
) Had it been primarily a washerwoman’s district or
! road, it would have been plainiy desiznated as «

of
the brewers street, Birauwer strag!

was ealled Win ke
straat the place
where the bridge crossed the diteh, [rugh strauh
‘The Dutch bad a way of calling thines by their ght

Just as ‘the street Stores

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

names. Including that popuiarinstitution, the Kiss
ine Hilder
Noy ecotement exietsasfaras? have heen abiototnd
in the old Piteh records referring to WM Maagde faaie
asa loundee dl tre That tt wa ta such r
pote inter, In the days of the Frgtish, when ine tows
had grown nearer to tt, is no doubt true tite
fers to a period long after the Duteh had rammed
In other words ce fact ihatata beer '
“ ggd for washing and Meseching may | {
people whe kreow only the S®lish tianstatior °
romani | i designation, to Zuess at what loo
like a pro t very prosale + splanatiog
New Youu, April te AI KRERT | LMANN,
Monke)'s Hamanity to Man,
m the Lancet
Ove Vineensy I alle, reeently arrived from
{ Transvaal, started a restaurant in the a
Michelet, where he setded down with boswil
ehtidren and a tinguariy intelligent ane wl ¢
1 ne { Fone In one of the « !
} lately prevalent ths whole family had | ‘
sire ° m, and thelr egeregat ‘
Mefrg t ethem war fe fieer ta
hiaaer « 1 rea ceita eunnt of en
' irortwoth " . ee i
sive t “Panny Who sept att f ¢
centre's Led, Fotun, and, suspecting that al was
viriit. tried ty reuse her master but in vais
sleep, Lise that cf s wife and thelr foure? e
had beeome tert wous ard comitoge A
1 eunon Pave vertio mite eles, which be
inthe water feom the ac] g toon the
he ened the door ashe darted out and wi hew
a ¢ sheef e ‘ein asphy stated fara .
made forthe hover ofone Marjuet thirt varde '
wih e sivate Seie waean apecial fa
Hereriee drew . t» the f& wilandt 7 *
t - wit ee ** * mites e
mre ' \ ¢ * wie
( ' . ‘ ‘
a* e italia eine es ii 8 “
Are Hipar erty the winere be lost
nreenfare gthe walter’s “first ad’ with pre
festtonal Asstata Not Without diffeutty the
fuintiy were rescued from @ fav unintelligenty ta-

his is cruel The Senator does not seem to
havecaucht the spivitel the as the forge
that this ia the ageol sulmiarine cables, of th
telephone, the elec wit and electr race
tion, and a multitude of other modern marvels
among which ia the cransforanationo! character
through the training of the brain and } Lond
the inspirat ut {ustrial « rt ;
No' No! hy fs on the al or ak
are not to be turned backward ‘The liberty
and develomimnent of a jomm-onpressed people
are not tobe ieft to nied sirugwele of th
gern from withing Tha 4sfoine to be
Vitalized. inspived and ene the spirit
of Ame hh progr spirit w
enyee g liver of tow ty
every « rieen i
bore ‘
oy i ' \ | the
| J a | rat sur : rit
’ wont . hy WA tie
of OWE eons ty
' tain of the one!
n nein inna
\ he . “ freeday
wii t] Nn Roput beep ' } )
'" 4 fa hand ’
ir United States includes thar af
neg tothe roentind, teon te oe welded
pa na.onabiy, never before realiaed ye the
histe
Sevutor Howe has mnkedand ranged himsel!
with the float tracer na, a etieh, Nhe pa
I) afl hithway and tlouoders in’ the
a
Who that has wit altho of the ae
\y ality va one he ditg
wid Lhanrie t ening
> one \ . vit Were tG
ee ‘ ‘ t lite ' ‘
eh ‘Ma ] rt ri
vA A . * msl
ri : % } Woexperinee of |
° uree rn ‘r mut to whom tt
Ainerioas t ‘ be
tis bneon seid he apparentl
low estean in whi yas Senator bose
held our cloriousenitem oftiberty and of al
that ir stand Vhask God that the number
ofsuch wen is so few and that millions of

Americans, of every degree and station, repose

vited by a man aod most Invelilgentiy—may, plage
tbropicaily averted by a monkey!