VOI, LXXIL—NO, 312,

-_—

 
 

VW FACE ON DODGE DIVORCE

ey

Jim SAID TO HAVE ACTED

UNCLE
WwW, MORSE, -

WITHOUT C.

 

 

Hho Was Ignorant of the Hummel Proceed:
ings to Rid Him of Hs Wite unt |
They Were Far Advanced—Capt, Jim's
sotives Not Impugned—Heavy Bills,

The investigation of, the Dodge-Morse
parriage and divorce tangle has taken
new turn, according to per-
wins who are familiar with what is going
on in the District. Attorney's office. In
the latest version a different light is thrown
the procuedings that brought about
the annulment of the divorce obtained
iy Mra. Dolge from Charles F. Dodge,
1 rhe subsequent litigation that resulted
in the annulment of the marriage of Mrs.
Dodge to Charles W. Morse, formerly
president ( {the American Ice Company.

yt. Janes T, Morse, an uncle of Charles
\v. Morse, bas supplied the new version.
He was a witness appearing in publio for
. frst time in the case before the June
od Jury which brought a superseding

‘nent for conspiracy against Abra-

if, Ifuramel. In aubstance Capt.
Moyse is said to have testified that it was he
who hired Howe & Hummel to investigate
the Podge divorea and that Charles W,
Morse Kuew nothing of what was going
he got the letter from Hummel

an enurely

on

a
e

rtil

on
advising him that his marriage to Mrs.
Dodce might be defective. It is stated

that it was pot until long after the Morse
marriage lad been annulled that Capt.
Morse took his nephew into his confidence,
whereupon Charles W. Morse informed
District Attorney Jerome and Capt. Morse
was called aa a witness before the Grand
Jury.

The etory is that Capt. Morse went to

 

aside or not. Hoe had a superseding indict-
ment for conspiracy filed against Hummel,
Steinhardt and Dodge. He did not take the
trouble to have euperseding indictments
filed against Messrs. Fursman and Bracken.

John D. Lindsay of Nicoll, Anable &
Lindsay, counsel for Hummel, served
yesterday on the District Attorney notice
of a motion for leave to inspect the minutes
of the Grand Jury that filed the supersed-
ing indictment. The motion will be argued
to-morrow before Justica Davy in the
Supreme Court, Criminal Branch, On the
same day a date will be set for Hummel’s
trial.

Mr. Hummel asks for a copy of the evi-
dence and the testimony that was taken
before the June Grand Jury. He was not
a witness before that body and he says
ho knows nothing of what went on. He
calls attention to the proceedings taken
before the Appellate Division and points
out that in the opinion of a majority of the
court the first indictment was illegal and
that two of the Justices held that Hummel's
constétutional rights had been violated.
Hummel adds:

“Since Iam not guilty of the orlme charged
against me, I amutterly at a loss to determine
what the teatimony before the Grand Jury
Was or upon what theory they voted. I
do not believe that they (the witnesses)
| could have given evidence sufficient in law
to sustain an indictment, and it will be abso-
lutely impossible for me to properly prepare
my defense unless I can be advised and
know what the witnesses swore to.”

Mr. Hummel calls attention to the fact
that there were three new witnesses before
the June Grand Jury. They were Charles
F. Engel, James T. Morae and Henry W.
Snyder. Engel and Snyder are clerks in
the County Clerk's office, and they testified
about certain documents.

Not long ago District Attorney Jerome
stated that he would not be surprised if
at the proper time it would be shown that

 

Howe & [ummel soon after Charles W.
Morse was married to Mrs, Dodge. Morse’s
first wife had died about a year before
leaving him four children, three boys and
a girl. Mr. Morse was very fond of the
children and it is said that the children did
not take to Mrs. Dédge and after their
father married they went to live with rela-
tives of Mr. Morse in Maine. For a time
they were with Capt. Morse, who lives at
Rath. Mr. Morse is known along the Maine
coast aa Capt. Jirm Morse. He is connected
with the Eastern Steanfship Company and
is said to have made a great deal of money
on financial advice from Charles W. Morse.
Capt. Morse didn't like to see his nephew
separated from his children and disap-
proved of Mrs. Morse. Having heard of
Howe & Hummel in divorces cases he came
to this city and consulted the firm. He
is said to have seen Mr. Hummel. Accord-
ing to the story told yesterday, Capt. Morse

instructed Mr. Hummel to investigate the |
circumstances surrounding the Dodge di- |
vores. Asa starter Capt. Morse is said to |

have planked down $10,000 as a retainer
and returned to Maine.

It is well known that Dodge was sent for
and was induced to swear that he had never:
been served with a summons in the divorce
euit brought by his wife nor authorized

Laver Mortimer A. Ruger to put in an ap- |

yearance for him. He swore to this at the

proeeedings before Referee Ernest Hall. |

In the indictments against Hummel and his
partner, Benjamin Steinhardt, for suborna-
tion of perjury they are charged with hav-
ing procured Dodges toswear falsely. Dodge
has made a confession and undoubtedly
will be a witness against Hummel,

It is stated that Capt. Morse is innooent
of any complicity. All that he wanted to
accomplish, and shat legitimately, was to
find out if the Morse marriage was valid.

It in said that the first intimation that
Charles W. Morse had that there was any
tro h'e over his marriage was when be re-
«©. ©. a Visit from a representative of Mr.
{himmel's firm In September, 1908. Then
he got a letter from Mr. Hummel in which
Was this statement:

“It is my duty to advise you that the

row [in the Dodge case} is collusive and
irregular, and it may be doultful that your
ful sequent marriage is a legal one, and
whether Mr. Dodge could not set aside that
cecree and claim that your subsequent
ige to his wife was an alienation of
her affections and that her conduct in be-
coming your wife entitles him to a decree
against her, I have taken this means of
thoroughly {nforming you at once regard-
ing this matter, so that if you desire you
may at once confer with your counsel be-
fore any legal steps are taken.”

Charles W. Morse is said to have com-
municated with Mr. Hummel at once, but
got no satisfaction, except that he was in-
formed that Dodge was Mr. Hummel's
client, The Dodge divorce was annulled.
later the annulment was set aside. Be-
fore that, however, ex-Justics Edgar L.
Pursman had been brought into the case.
He represented Mra. Dodge-Morse. Dodge
Was indicted for perjury and he skipped to
Texas, where he was caught. The District
Attomey has bee informed that when
Dodge left this city he was supplied with
tix $1,000 bills, All the time that Dodge
Was in Texas he was liberally supplied with

  

|

Tooney if
doney and for more than a year‘the Federal |
|

cours un to the United States Supreme
Court were appealed to in an effort to keep
him out of this jurisdiction.

In all Capt. Morse is said to have paid
to Howe & Hummel over $70,000, He is
fail to have supplied Mr, Jerome with the
evidence that that sum was paid, That
may explain the source of the stream of
Money that went to Dodge while he was
in Tex 18

When Dodge was brought back from
Teras, a sick man, he was taken into camp

by ‘he District Attorney's office, Then
foll. wed the indictments against Messra.
Hummet, Steinhardt, Fursman, Bracken
and Dodge, Up to this time Capt, Morse
had rot been heard of in the case, Bracken
fir ped to France, where he is said to be
how Mrs. Dodge is said to be in some part
: lvanee and Charles W. Morse is on the
OWes: le

ae er the indictments had been found |
wn e Morse is said to have gone to Charles

Y rse and told him of his connection
wy ‘he case, This was soon after counsel
tor Mr. Hummel sofight to have the indict- |
ts et aside on the ground that they were
ff

ind that his constitutional rights had
‘volated. It was while the writ of
Prohil ition was pending before the Appel-
“te Tivision that the story told by Capt.

mse, who by the way is only two years
Jer than his nephew, reached District
‘Torney Jerome. Capt Morse cams on
' trom Maine and there wasa conference
ween him, Charles W. Morsa and Mr,
om at New London. Afterthat Mr.
‘"orne seemed to take an entirely new
‘ low of the case. He didn't seem to care
“tether the Hummel indictments were set

heen

(

}
be

Charles W. Morse’a conduct had been
misunderstood, It is said that Capt. Morse
will be a witness against Hummel and
it is hinted that Charles W. Morse will
also be a witness. Samuel Untermyer,
counsel for Charles W. Morse, refused to
make any comment when Capt. Morse’s
story was repeated to him last night. Ho
said:

“I cannot discuss my client's affairea in
any way.”

U. 8. MARINES LANDED.

Trouble Again Breaks Out {In the Barahona
District of Santo Domingo.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sum.

Santo DomiInao City, July 8.-—-Another
engagement between the insurgents and
the Government tréops has taken place
in the Barahona district. The Government
lost two important Generals in the fight.
The rebels retired in good order to the
woods.

The United States cruissr Dea Motnes
| has landed marines, who are guarding
the custom house. The Santo Domingo
Government is flooding Barahona with
troops and fleld pieces. The district is not
an easy place in which to handle insurgents.

The Governor of Barahona has deserted
his post. His nest became too warm for
him.

WaSHINOTON, July 8.—Up to the hour of
closing the departments to-day neither
| the State nor Navy Department had received
any advices of a battle at Barahona, Santo
Domingo. The idea of fresh revolutionary
troubles is discredited. Tho American
Minister to Santo Domingo, Mr. Thomas

 

 

 

as is former Minister Powell, who arrived
to-day from Hayti, his present post.

Minister Dawson explained that a bandit
with about twenty followers has been
molesting the town of Barahona, on the
southern coast. On July 1 advices were
received at the Navy Department from the
commander of the cruiser Des Moines
saying there had been an engagement
between Government troops and the banditti
near Barahona, and some of the bandits
had been killed; that the Des Moines went
from Santo Domingo to Barahona when the
tfouble was first reported. She has since
returned to Santo Domingo. She has about
twenty-five marines aboard.

 

The trouble in the Barahona district of
Santo Domingo was caused by the forcible
release of Gen. Candelario de la Rosa, a
political prisoner, by a party of his friends.
Jt was announced early in the week that
the district had been pacified.

TAFT PARTY ON THE

Fris&'s Ilarbor Screams Good-by as the
Manchuria Sails.

San Francisco, July 8.—A great crowd
gathered at the Pacific Mail wharf to-day
to bid goodeby to Secretary Taft and Miss
Alice Roosevelt. The big steamer Man-
churia was in galadreas. When Miss Roose-
velt boarded her she at once went to inspect
her rooms, which had been finished in white
and gold and which were filled with flowers
sent by admirers She was greatly delighted
with the quarters that she will ocoupy for a
month. As the Manchuria sailed every
whistle and siren along the harbor sounded
a farewell.

Judge McCall of New York arrived last
night and joined the party. The voyagers
will reach Honolulu in about five days and
be entertained there for several hours.
Yokohama, Kobe, Shanghai, Hongkong and
Manila will then be reached in turn. The
trip to Manila will consume just thirty days.
The party will remain in Manila about ten
days and then make a tour of the princiral
islands. The return trip will begin early
in September and the party will arrive here
before Oot, 10.

START FUND FOR PEARY.

New York Man Promises $10,000 if Four
Others Will Contribute Similar Sums.
Commander Peary made known the fact

yesterday that a prominent citizen of New

York city had written to him, offering

to start the fund which he needs to insure

the success of his polar exp?cition, The
writer says’
“If it is true that your fund is not quite

 

SEA.

 

 

mace up, I shall be glad to contribute. |

I hope you will succeed for the sake of
science, I will be one of five to contribute
$50,000 or one of ten to contribute §100,-
000.”

The Roosevelt left her anchorage, off
West Forty-second street early yesterday
morning, and tied up et tho Atlantic Trans-
ort Company's pier at the foot of West
louston street, where she ‘will remoin
until all her stores are aboard, Commander
Peary epent the greater part of the day
superintending the stowing of provisions.
Coal trimmers got the Roosevelt's bunkers
in good shape. There are now 600 tons
of coal aboard.

Commander Peary said last night that
he believed that he would have no trouble
in getting away ina few days.

NEW

Dawson, is now in Washington on leave, |

} Pa
Pe eee et ERS Pe ry My SLAG Vo Ate Att FY ‘si re

IT LOOKED LIKE A BATTLEFIELD
UNDER PROSPECT PARK TREES.

 

Mounted Cop Sces Elm Stricken by Flash-
ing Saber of Storm and Get? Ambu-
lanoss and Rescorves tn 9 Hurry—Two
Badly Hurt and Score More Shocked,

When the thunder wagons began to roll
over Prospect Park, Brooklyn, yesterday
afternoon, and the sky darkened, the tennis
courts near the West Drive were gay with
players, and on the lawns and in the shade
of the old trees a hundred or more Brook-
lynites enjoying a Saturday afternoon in
the park were watching the players. With
the first growling of the thunder and epat-
tering of warm raindrops there was 4 shriek-
{ng and a acurrying. Girls in white duck
and young men in flannela grabbed #acketa,
balls and ooata and rushed for the trees
that border the “courta and shade them
pleasantly. Some of the finest old trees
in Prospect Park, big elms and oaks, grow
there.

By the time the rain began to pour there
was hardly a tree that didn’t shelter a group
of merry folk, who took the storm as a fine
joke, Under a gnarly old elm that towered
eighty feet or more and was thres foet in
diameter at the basa, the family of Augustus
Leide of 276 Nineteenth stroet were sheltered,
Thore was Loide, his wife Rosa, and their
two children, Jtichard and John. The
physical director of the Central Branch of
the Y, M.C. A. in Ninth street, John Wilkin-
son, was with the Leides. A dozen more
also crowded under the tree.

Near the elm was a big oak that sheltered
a score. Mrs, Margaret Haithwaite of 342
Ninth avenue had rushed for the oak with
her four sons and daughters. Tho other
trees sheltered perhaps 200 who had been
playing tennis or sitting on the lawns with
their children. There were plenty of
babies in the crowd and they didn't like the
rain and the heavy air a bit. From the
oases undor the trees the stormbound folks
poked fun at each other about their drenched
clothes and Jaughed at the idea that there
was any danger from lightning.

They had the grounds pretty much to
themselvea. The mounted MeAdoos of
the Park had ridden to shelter, except
Donahue, who sat his horse in the down-
pour, watching the damp people under the
trees, Donahue knew from experience
that big trees are not the best place for
folks in a thunder storm, and he told the
tennis players so when they ran for it,
but they laughed and said they guessed it
would be all over in a minute or two,

Right on top of tha blinding flash camo
terrific thunder, a concussion that deafened
and stunned everybody in that part of the
park. Over at the old Litchfleid mansion
which servos now as the Park Department's
offices and as a police station,the clerks and
cops were jarred by it. Glass shivered
and tinkled from windows, 1 he sergean
didn't wait for news. He knew there were
plenty of eople in the park who had
soampered to the trees and he was dead
sure that something had been hit. He

Se eee ee ee eee

LIGHTNING SMITES MANY. | KANEKO

|

AAAS Yy ¢: -
Za :
pe ser wee “ Yeah
7 D a), .
dl tts) hee mice!

AT SAGAMORE HILL.

Rumor That He Sounded the President as
to [Indemnity Japan Should Demand.

QOysrer Bay, July 8.—From an interview
with Baron Kaneko Kantaro, the Japanese
fliancial agent in the United States, it ts
apparent that the United States is bound
to play a very important part in the nego-
tlations for peace between Russia aud Japan,
It is supposed here that Baron Kaneko,
who came last evening and stayed over
night at Sagamore Hill, sounded the Prest-
dent on the subject of the indemnity Japan
is going to ask, When asked whether he
came to tall of the peace negotiations and
the indemnity, Baron Kaneko replied.

“T can’t speak about that. You will have
inquira at Sagamore Hill.”

“Did Russia ask Japan direotly for an
armistice?” he waa asked. .

“I don’t credit that report,” replied Baron
Kaneko, “because the governments of
Russia and Japan could come in touch only
through the United States. Besides, no
armistice “is necessary, because the rainy
Beason has set in in Manchuria and fighting
is for the present impracticable.”

On the head of the indemnity to be de-
manded of Russia the Baron said:

“Japan spent a large amount of money
on the war and 1 think we have a fair claim
to indemnity. Your own American press is
of that opinion.”

It Is thought that because of the great
deference Japan his shown for our Govern-
ment and President Roosevelt personally
the Japanese Government was anxious to
get the President's idea as to what would
be a fair demand, With regard to Baron
Rosen, Baron Kanoko said:

“He was twice Ambassador to Japan
and he is very much liked there. He was
always very popular, and the Japanese
ladies have always been very fond of the
Baronoss Rosen. I hope and I firmly be-
lieve that the peace negotiations will come
to a satisfactory conclusion.”

WE Will Port Arthur remain a permanent
Japanese stronghold?” he waa asked.
“I strongly hope so,” he replied. “lt has

| cost us enough.”

 

|
|

| hustled the reserves into their rain coats |

‘and sent them out on the run.

They met |

Baron Kaneko says he expecta to stay in
this country until the fall, He said he came
here to the St. Louis exposition and the
American people were so hospitable, In-
viting him to their town homes and country
homes, that he just naturally stayed on,
That was the sole reason.

ROSEN T0 VISIT TILE PRESIDENT.

New Ruasian Ambassador Will Present
His Credentials at Sagamore Hill.

Oysrer Bay, July 8.— Baron Rosen, the
new Russian Ambassador to the United
States, will come to Oyster Bay next Thurs-
day to present his credentials to President
Roosevelt. The Ambassador will be ao-
companied by Acting Secretary of State
Adee. 5

At New York they will be met by the
naval yacht Sylph, which will bring them

to Oyster Bay. The President’s oarriage |

will take them to Sagamore Hill, where,
for the first time in the history of the Hill,
a foreign Ambassador will present ore-
dentjals.

Ordinarily this ceremony would have

been delayed until the fall, when the Presi- |

dent returns to Washington. But because

| Mounted Policeman Donahue driving his | of phe war and because Baron Rosen is one

' horse through the rain at a gallop toward
the station.

“There's hell to pay, eure enough,” said
Donahue. “The ground under them trees
looks like a battlefield. It's 10 to 1 there
ar+ some dead and the Lord knows how
many hurt.”

|

three hospitals, Seney, the Kiss county
and the Brooklyn.

The air was pungent with ozone, a keen,
sharp smell like burning metal, Women,

cussion were running helter-skelter, too
excited to know what they were doing or
where they were going. They were bare-
headed, coatleas and hatless, and
clothes were sopping. The
gathered them in, assured them the danger
was all over and then gave their attention
to the prostrate ones under the trees.
Every one of tho Leide family, Wilkinson
and John Lewis of 361 Paciflo street, under
the tree that had been hit by the lightning,
were lying on
unconscious. Wilkinson's shirt had been
torn half off his body, and on his face and
breast were red burns,
way and looked like a dead man,
Mrs. Leide were burned badly, too.
faces showed marks of the lightning.

Mr. and
The

There were others Unconscious under the
elm, felled by the concussion and slightly
burned by the flash.

Under the oak were the Haithwaites,
the mother and the four children. Nono
of these was seriously burned, but all were
in a serious condition from shock and fright.
Mrs. Haithwaite lay where she had fallen,
face downward, and two of her children
lay across her body. Margery Spear of
728 Carroll street was insensible, and fully
a dozen more were down on the grass,
shocked out of their sonses.

Three ambulances galloped up and six
doctors found plenty to do. The injured
were treated where they lay in the driving
rain. It was found that John Wilkinson
waa the worst injured.

The e'm wasn't much damaged by the
bolt. The trunk was split at the junction
of three great branches, about fifteen feet
from the ground, andit was gashed crooked-
ly from the crotch down, The lightning
acted peculiarly, It scarred the tree a

|

of the peace envoys as well, the President
desired to hasten the formalities.
Baron Rosen will lunch at Sagamore

| Hill and then the Sylph will take him baok

Donahue slid off hia horse and rang up |

men and children who had survived the con- |

their |
policemen !
| decision in the Lord suit

|

to New York,

EQUITABLE LIFE APPEALS

From Overruling of Demurrer tn Lord Suit
-Mayer Gets the Testimony.

The Equitable Life Assurance Society

has taken an appeal from the decision

 

rendered by Justice Keogh in the Supreme |

Court ia Brooklyn on the demurrer to
the complaint in Franklin B. Lord's suit to
block the mutualization, plan,
Keogh overruled the domurrer,
this appeal nor the appeal from the original
will be argued

until the fall, and then, so far as the effeet |

fon the actual mutthlization of the society

the water soaked grass, |

Fe was in a had !
Their |

children were stunned and slightly burned, |

is concerned, ii will not make much difler-
ences whether the decisions are sustained or
reversed, for it is generally conceded now
that the system of policyholders’ control

provided under the present trusteeing of |

the stock is safer than the scheme provided
in the proposed amended charter, and just
as liberal. The persons who are behind the
present litigation appreciate this fact,
it is said, and their only purpose now in
corrying the suits through is to have some
definite conclusion reached on the larger
question of property rights in the ownership
of stook in insurance companies,

A copy of the testimony taken by Supt. |

Hendricks in his Equitable investigation
is in Attorney-General Mayer's hands, and
it is expected that the Attorney-Generas
will be able to announce something definite
the firat of the woek in regard to the suits
which he is going to bring to make the guilty
directors disgorge and retire. It was
said yesterday that Dtatrict Attorney
Jeromo's office has not yet received its copy
of the testimony.

Further statementa in regard to the
interest which Trustee Grover Cleveland

| is taking in the reorganization of the society

| Mttle—one place, then skipped a few feet, |

ripped it again, took another tump, this

‘time half way around to the other side, |

‘and made a black streak to tho grass: Sever- | 5,
aul Morton and his lawyers.
al branches had been cut off and thrown |” yer

to the ground. None of the other trees
wis struck. Several peraons who were
| not hurt described the thunderbolt as “a
| the cloud, ao blinding that nobody could
| see for a few seconds.”
| List of the njured:
| Wilkinson, John, 28, 250 Lexington avenue;
| burns about face and body and shock; con-
dition critical,
leide, Augustus, 36, 276 Nineteenth street;
| burns and shock; seriously hurt
Leide, Rose, 35; burns about face and
shock,
Leide, Richard, 4; shock,
Leide, John, 12; shock.
Lewis, John, 19; 861 Pacific street; burns
and shock; condition serious.
Haithwaite, Margaret, 45, 342 Ninth streat;
slight burns and shock,
'  Halthwaite, George, 21; shook,
| Haihtwaite, Charlotte, 19; shock.
Haithwaite, James, 12; shock,
Haithwaite, Albert, 12; shock,
17, 728 Carroll street;

Spear, Marjory,

shock,

Bohn's Homeopathic Lasatives keep your liver
and intestines active and insure perfect health.
Ads. .

‘

ot

| white streak that zigzagged down from |}

were made yesterday. Wayne MacVeagh,
instead of having been called in to advise
Mr. Cleveland personally, it was said, was
interested in the situation more as an ad-
viser for all the trustees in regard to the
suits that ought to be brought and the other

steps that may be taken to compel the |
money, |

restitution of the policyholders’
In all’ this work the trustees, of course,
are cooperating heartily with Chairman

A‘torn?y-Genera' Mi yer was in town last
night, but he had nothing to say regardirg
the Ej: ita ble.

COLOMRIA PUTS UP
Restrictions on Emigration of Laborers
for Panama Canal Work.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN

PanaMA, July 8--Owing to the great
scarcity of laborers in the interior of Colom-
bia for agricaltural purposes due to emi-
gration to Panama, the Governor of Barran-

BARS,

| quilla issued a decree on June 28 stipula-

 

|

 

ting such oonditions for laborers oon-
tracting for canal work as to make emi-
gration practically impossible.

The principal conditions in the decree are
that laborers must not be under contract
with any.commercial house or other conoern;
the contractor must furnish a bond, pay the
laborer's passage money both ways, deposit
an amount sufficient to cover medical
attendance in case of sickness and pay a
registry fee of $2 gold for each laborer.
The contract must also be approved by a
local Government official.

me

YORK, S UNDAY, JULY 9, 1905 .—Copuright, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Asaociation.

Justica |
Neither |

ee

 

  

 

SLAVE

SHOT HIM IN THE BAOK IN THE
VERY ITANDS OF THE POLICE,

 

 

Shot Him Again After He Had Dropped
Stone Dead—Ho Brought Her Here
From France and Beat Her Because
She Did Not Earn Enough) on the Street.

Berthe Claiche, a French girt of 28, shot
and killed Emil Gerdron, her lover, last
night at Seventh avenue and Twenty-fifth
street. She had supported Gerdron by
what she made on the street, so she sald
after she shot him, and three weeks ago he
beat her because she did not bring in enough
money.

At that time sho went to the Tenderloin
station and showed her face and neck,
blue from blows, to the sergeant, and De-
tective Morton was sent out to find Gerdron.
He had disappeared.

Last night Morton, who had been trans-
ferred to the bicycle aquad, was riding up
Seventh avenue about 9:30 o'clock with De-
tectives Martineau and Billefer, They met
the girl at Twenty-fifth street. She was
excited and nervous.

“If you will wait here a moment you
wil] catch Gerdron,” she said.

They waited on the west side of the street,
and a few minutes later Gerdron came
up the avenue with Francis De Gandon,
Morton and Martineau grabbed him and
put him under arrest on the’ charge of
assault made by the girl three weeks ago.

They started down the street with him,
on the way to the West Twentieth street
station, Gerdron was furious and tried
to get at the girl. i

“I'll kill you!” he screamed. “You will
have me arrested? Well, you are as good
as dead, right now,*

The detectives yanked Gerdron away
and walked him rapidly down the avenue.
The girl hung back. Suddenly she drew a
revolver from the bosom of her dress,
slipped up bebind Gerdron, and fired two
shots into his back, the pistol so close that
the powder burned a hole in his coat. Gerd-
ron dropped dead as a stone. Before the
detoctives could stop her she knelt on his
body and fired another shot into his stomach

Da Gandon, who had been following,
| struck at the girl and cursed her. Mar-
tineau and Morton arrested him on the
charge of disorderly conduct. A crowd
gathered fast and the detectives hustled
the girl and De Gandon to the police sta-
tion. They sent her to Headquarters and
sho was questioned.

“I am glad I killed him,” she sald. “I
am glad and I would do it over twenty
times. He made me hia slave. | fed him
and cared for him and he beat me until I
was half dead. He'll never raise a hand
to another woman.”

She told the polioe that she was brought
up in a little town in France with Gerdron
and that six years ago he induced her to
leave her mother and father and come to
New York with him. Sho was then 17 years
old.

Gerdron had promised to marry her, but
when they got here he sent her out 6n the
| streeta and told her she was pretty enough
to make a living for both of them. Since
then, she said, her life had been plain hell,
| She tried to get free, she told the police, but
Gerdron threatened to kill her if she ever
complained and beat her whenever she
cried.

One night about three weeks ago she
went to their room at 20) Seventh avenue
and gave him 85, He wanted to know
why she didn’t have more and knocked
her down and half strangled her.

Last night she saw him about 7 o'clock,
and found out from a friend where he would
be later in the evening. She bought a
cheap revolver and waited for him at Sev-
fenth avenue and Twenty-f_ifth street.
When she saw the police she intended, she
said, to let them Jock him up, but his threat
to kill her frightened her and she shot him.

Gerdron's body was taken to the West
Twentieth street station and Coroner
Scholer examined it, He found that any
| one of the three shots would have killed
him.
a locket with a riniature peinting of the
' girl in it and a chain purse containing a

few dollara,

 

PRINCE OF WALES BUNCOLD,

Buve Poor Copy of a Pieture by Meszoly
as a Real Coret.
Spectal Cale Dasnatch to THR SUN,
LONDON, July 8.—Numerous revelations
| in recent years of spurious ancient and
i modern masters in public and private
| galleries are causing a feeling that some
| drastic steps are necessary to stop the
| system of wholesale swindling in this
manner, the chief center of which is Paris.
A case which has attracted the most
attention recently is a Corot which the

| presented to the new Dublin Gallery of
‘Modern Art. This, despite the support
| of four leading London experts, is known
to be a poor copy of a picture by Meszoly
in the Budapest Museum.

One of the best known connoisseurs in
Paris suggests that every picture painted
nowadays shall have a certificate signed
by the artist in the presence of official
witnesses,

The correctional tribunal of Paris is
now trying ten prisoners on a charge of
forging pictures by Corot, Courbet, Chin-
treuil, Dupré, Diaz, Daubigny, Sisley,
Willette and others, forgerics of whose
works have been discovered in jarge num-
hers in their manufactories. Willette is
the only living artist among the above.
He testified that after twenty years of in-
cerasant work and in gpite of his success
he is only just able to make a living owing
to the large number of forged pictures
and drawings bearing his name which are on
the market in Franceandabroad, Wealthy
Englishmen and Americans are the chief
purchasers of these forgeries and Paris,
Vienna, Berlin, Rome and St. Petersburg
are the principal centers of the trafic.

DESTROYERS COLLIDE,

 

 

Whipple and Stewart Damage Each Other
OY the Matne Coast.

ROCKLAND, Mé,, July 8.—It leaked out to-
day that the torpedo boat destroyers Whip-
ple and Stewart were in collision as they
were about to enter this harbor upon arrival
from Gardner's Bay, Mass. , Thursday night,
The Whipple's stearing gear was considera-
bly damaged. Repairs are being made, It is
reported that the destroyers Whipple and
| Worden will be ordered out of commission
in a few days and will go to the Norfolk
navy yard for repairs to their engines and

boilers.
!

' The Second Empire.

| A new fast train on the N. Y. Central leaves
Grand Central Station 1:57-P. M., arrives Albany
4:62, Utica 6:47, Syracuse 8:00, Rochester 0.38, Buf-
falo 11:10 P, M. No excess Fare.—aAde,

 

 

 

 

The Coroner found in his pockets |

Prince of Wales purchased on advice &nd |

BUNDAY, JULY 9, 1005. *

Scattered showers and thunderstorms toe

STILL IN SUNKEN SUBMARINE.

Thirteen [inprisoned Men No Longer Re-
spond to Signals of the Resouers,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Pars, July 8.—It was announced by the
Admiralty to-night that, despite reports,
the submarine Farfadet, which grounded
Thursday at the entrance to the port of
Sidi Abdallah, Tunis, has not yet been
towed Into port. Efforts are still being mado
to pass fresh hawsers under the vessel.
It 1s hoped that she will be raised to-mor-
row.

The thirteen men imprisoned on the vesse
no longer respond to signals. Although
delay renders the situation more critical,
there is no ground for abandoning hope.

The Farfadet was raised above the surface
of the water at noon yesterday long enough
to ascertain that the oocupants were alive,
and fresh air was pumped into the vessel,
but when an attempt was made to tow her
into shallow water she sank again.

WHITE CAPS IN RHINEBECK.

-—- ---——

They Seize Thomas McElroy and Give Him
a Severe Beating.

POUGHKEEPSIE, July 8.—Rhinebeck, the
home of the Astors, Chanlers, Mortons and
other wealthy and distinguished families
had had an outbreak of lawlesaness which,
Will be investigated by the authorities.
It took the form of a white cap visitation.
The victim is Thomas McElroy, a former
railway maj) clerk, anda man of good repu-
tation, with a wife and pleasant home.

MoElroy had received warnings that
harm was meant to him for some vague
reason. He ignored the hinte, On his
way home last night he was seized by a
band of men masked with white caps. Holes
were cut in the caps to look through, but
otherwise the faces of the men were cov-
ered. In grim silence the band gave
MoElroy an awful beating. He was over-
powered by numbers and unatle to resist,
notwithstanding that he is a large, power-
ful man of 35.

When Mefvoy had dropped, weak and

 

persed. He wae found in front of the
Methodist Church, where the affair took
place, by villagers, who took him home.
He is under the care of physicians.

STEVENS PANAMA-BOUND.

Has Left Chicago and Expects to Sail In a
Short Time.

Cuarcaco,, Il.; July 8.—John F. Stevens,
appointed chief engineer of the Panama
Canal construction, to succeed John F.
Wallace, left Chicago at 8:30 P. M. over the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for Washing-
ton. Mr. Stevens expects to sail for Panama
in a few days with President Shonts of the
commission.

“I intend to make my permanent head-
quarters in Panama,” said Mr. Stevens.

“Of course, I will come back to Washing-
ton frequently. I don’t know anything
about the situation on the Isthmus now,
except that we will lose no time in atarting
construction. My family for the present
will hot accompany me. In Washington
wo are to havea meeting of the commission,
and in not longer than two days we will
be on our way to Panama, sailing from
New York on one of the government trans-
ports.”

ACTING SECRETARY

 

 

OF WAR.

By Order of the President, Gen. Adna R,
Chaffee Is Designated for That Post.

    

 

Wer in the absenc? of both the Secretary
and Assistant Secretary, and in the event
of the absence of all three, Major-Gen.
John C. Bates, Assistant Chief of Staff, will
be Acting Seeretary of War.
of the succession in the War Department

departuro for the Philippines. As the
result of an optnion by the Judge Advocate
General of the Army, the President to-day

| going directions.
PICTURE SALE BRINGS SIBTELS,

Ashburton's Collection  Realizes
BlS1,08S at Christie's,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, July 8.—Seventeen
belonging to the collection of the late Lady
Ashburton realized $151,985 at Christie's
to-day. The highest price paid was 389,250,
for a pair of Vandykes, King Charles and
his wife. A “Virgin and Child,” attriLuted
to Botticelli, brought €31,500; a Giorgione
brought $8,408, both failing to realize ex-
pectations.

Other pictures brought the day’s total
to $235,525, the most important being
Lawrence’s “Lady Elizabeth Whitbread,”
$10,500; Raeburn'a “Mrs. Francia Fuller-
ton,” $8,925; and a pastel by Hopner, “The
Ballad Singer,” $5,510.

CANADIAN CREW QUITS.

Latly

 

Secured for
Cruiser,
Hauirax, N. S., duly & -The Canadian
marine authoritios to-day capitulated to
the mutinous crew of the cruiser Canada
and allowed them to leave the ship without
(further trouble They hid refused to sail
! under Capt. Knowlton, clleging ill treat-
ment.
Enough new mon were secured to enable
the cruiser to go to sea to-morrow for her
/ work ia connection with the turbine
steamer Virginvian’s fast mail run.

New Men the Dominton

SIGMUND STERN SUED FOR $2,000.

Damages Infllcted on His Person,
OcpENspuRG, N. Y.,
! Stern of Stern Bros., New York, was sued

The matter | miralty Jearned this morning of the arrival

 

 

|
|
|

t
|

| Rumanian

Wasurnaron, July 8.—By order of the ;
President, Gen, Adna R. Chaffee, Chief of |
Staff of the Army, will act as Secretary of |

day and to-morrow.

a ae nanan carer

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

REBELS QUIT SHIP

Turn the Kniaz Potemkin Over
to Rumania,

TREATED AS DESERTERS.
Will Be Taken to the Frontier
and Turned Loose.

 

 

Not Allowed to Take Treasure From the
Ship—Rumanian Flag Raised to Pre
teot the Potemkin for the Present
—Mutineers’ Beturn to Hyistendje aSur
prise to the Russian Admiralty—Naval
Battalions in St. Petersburg Garrisen
Riot--General Strike Begins Monday.

Spectal Cable Despatches to Tam SUN.

KUsTEND:E, July 8—The mutineers on '
the Russian battleship Knias Potemisdn
surrendered this afternoon to the bi 4
manian authorities, ;

The ship returned at midnight and an-.
chored 600 yards off shore, opposite the
Casino, cy

The Rumanian cruiser Elizabeta used
her searchlights incessantly, as if expect-
ing an attack from the Kniaz Potemkin.
The latter exchanged flashlight signals
with the Russian gunboat Psezonape, which

| is inside the harbor.
fainting, on ta ground his assailanta dis- |

Crowds assembled on the seashore this <
maorning as it was generally believed that
the mutineers intended to surrender to
the Rumanian Government in accordance
with the previous promise that they would
be treated as foreign deserters,

A deputation of the crew came ashore
and was received by the General com-

manding the district, the commander of the

Black Sea division of the
and the port captain.
The deputation offered to surrender on
the same terms as were offered on Mon-
day. The Rumanians asked for the de-
livery of the breech blocks of the Knias
Potemkin's guns as a pledge of good faith.
The deputation returned to the ship to
consult their comrades. The mutineers
did not wish to harm the battleship, but
they were not willing to hand her over to
Russia. They offered to present her to
Rumania, but their offer was not accepted.
After a series of conferences on shore and
on the ship,which the port captain boarded,
the crew clecided to accept the terma, and at
1 o'clock this afternoon the men surrendered
theship, ‘They were landed insmall parties,
The crew will be conveyed to any frontier
they choose an liberated. The
authorities have refused to
recognize the mutineers’ claim to the treas-
the Kniaz Potemkin. The

Rumanian fleet

there

ure on board

! Rumanian flag has been rfsed to protect

the ship from attack by the vessels which

are reported to be pursuing her,

was taken up by Secretary Taft before his |

St. PerErsspuraG, July 8.-When the Ad-

of the Kniaz Potemkin, it at once endeave

}ored to get in touch with Rear Admiral

published an order embcdying the foro. |

} were

pictures |

Kruyer's squadron and turn it westward,
i

Despatches were immediately sent to all
the Caticasian porta,

The retucn of the ship was a complete
Admiralty, thoy
that wera
headiag for The raval
authorities at once conjectured that a large
part of the crew of the Kniaz Potemkia
preferred to take adyastage of Rumania's
deserters, aad thereby

surprise? to the where

conviierd the moutiieers

Batum or Poti.

offer of treatment es

l escape punishment for their conduct, thaa

|
|

 

Alexandria Bay Man Claims That Sum for ,

July 8.—Sigmund |

in the Supreme Court Thursday for $2,090 |

, damages for injuries alleged to have been
| inflicted on the person of Herbert Hutchin-
‘son of Alexandria Bay on April 27. The
summons and complaint was served on Mr.
Stern Thitrsday afternoon at his summer
home on the St. Lawrence.

The complaint first alleges that “The de-
fendant, on or about the 27h day of April,
1905, with force and arms, assaulied this
plaintiff, and did then and there beat said
plaintiff on or about the head with his fist,
and did then and there with drawn knife

assault said plaintiff, and did chase said
plaintiff across lands of defendant.”

then sustained. The second part
oomplaint alleges that the plaintiff's wife,

suffered injuries which resulted in the
death of her unborn child. For this asecond
$1,000 is asked. Wiltse & Deyoung of
Alexandria Bay are attorneys for the
plaintiff. \

Y

who was present during the alleged assault, |

The plaintiff asks for $1,000 for damages ,
of the |

to cast in their lot with the revolutlonists

in the Caucasus.

 

JAPS ATTACH SAKHALIN,
Viect Bowbards Coast Towns and Lends
Men—Russians Retreat.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Sr. PererspurG, July 8.—Gov. Lia-
pounof telegraphs from Sakhalin that @
Japanese squadron approached the village.
of Shipivan, twenty versts southeast of
Koraakovsk, at 9A. M. on July 7 and opened
fire on the coast. The squadron at 2 P, M,
approached the village of Morce, between
Shipivan and Korsakovek. The torpedo
boats onened fire and men were landed
from fifteen ships. At 3 P. M, fifteen tor-

pedo boats approached Korsakovsk. The
Governor adds:
“Our battery opened fire. The torpedo

boats bombarded the battery which. how-
ever, forced them to retire. After resisting
as much as possible the commander of the
detachment ordered the coast guns brown
up and the Government buildings burned.
Then he retired with his force northward.
During the bombard ment, four inhabitant
of the port were killed. A sailor is missing.”

A telegram from Godsisdun says that the
squadron consisted of two battleships,
seven cruisers, three gunboats and thirty-
six torpedo boats, with ten transports con-
veying a landing force.

Sakhalien is northwest of the northern
island of Japan and has been used by Russia
as a penal colony. It has a severe climate
and the inhabitants support themselves by
fishing and seal hunting, The military

 

DEWEY'S GRAPE JUICE AND CLARETS
Are very refreshing Summer Drinks,
If. T. Dewey & Sous Co., 138 Fulton St,, New York,
adr.

 

20TH CENTURY—18 HOURS—CHICAGO,

The 20th Conny Dirnived of the New York Cen-
tral Lines leaves New York dally at 8:30'P. M.,
due Chicago 8:30 next morning turning leaves
Chicago via Lake Suore 2:30 P, M., due New Yor
9:30 next morning. To secure best accom
tions, reservations should be made early.—A

to

Boi ata NR
SS :

 

a.
~