Pra:

4 a

 

 

SunDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1909.
Rain to-day; rain or snow to-morrow,

VOL.

 

XX.—NO, 112,

 
  

 

NOW LIES BESIDE GEN, GRANT.

118 WIDOW'S COFFIN SEALED UP
IN TNE SARCOPHAGUS.

Less Than 100 Persons Saw it-—Only
Ulysses S. Grant, of the Family, There
—Grante Bring the Body Here After
Funeral Services in Washingten.

The body of Mrs, Julia Dent Grant,
widow of Gen, Ulysses 8, Grant, arrived
in this city from Washington late yesterday
afternvou and was sealed "up last night
tn the sarcophagus in the Grani mausoleum
an Riverside Drive, which was prepared
for it when tie Tomb was built This
morning Gen. Grant and his wife are lying
in death, as they had planned, side by

side,

 

 

 

 
 

 

nad been raised three feet. Charles Par-
sons, who superintended the placing of
Gen, Grant's body in the other sarcophagus
in 1807, wus in charge of the work. A hun-
dred electric lighta had Leen placed in the
tomb and for the first time since it was
built the place was illuminated, Immedci-
ately after the interment the \ights were
removed.

It was exactly seventeen minutes to
7 o'clock when the body was placed in the
sarcophagus and about 7:30 o'clock when
the top was lowered into place and ad-
justed to the satisfaction of those in charge
of the work. The veterans of U.S. Grant
Post stood around the rail of the crypt
looking down, Col. Barry, Col. Blakeman
and Mesers. Hayden and Sherman stuod
in the erypt with Ulysses S. Gran. Just
before the top was lowered, Ulysses 8S.
Graut stepped forward and placed soinc-
thing on top of the coffin. It was said
afterward that he left there the cards of
all of the members of the Grant family
who are now living, with also some oth r
mementos which the family wanted buried
with Mrs, Grant,

 

FRENCH GANG THAT GOT $12,-
000,000 TRAPPED IN MADRID.

Buncoed Bankers for Twenty Years With
@ Story of a Fortune Left by “Robert
Henry Crawford, an American Mill-
fonaire'’'—Mme. Humbert's Part In it.

Spectal Cable Despatches to Tie Sun.

Mgprip Dec 20.-Mme T 68: Hum-
hert, ber husband, her daughter, Eva; her
brother, Romain d' Aurignac, and her sister,
Marie d'Aurignac the notorious swindlers
ior whom the French police have been
ooking all over the world, have been are
rested) here.

The French Am!assador to Spain has
heen informed that the prisoners are at

| HUMBERT SWINDLERS CAUGHT ;  :* Or7icens annesren.

 

  
 

 

arged With Smuggling Liquer into
Porto Rico.

Special Cable Despatch to Taz Sun.

San Juan, P. R., Dec. 20.—B. F.
Butler, Supervisor of Elections; Com-
mander G, W. Ments of the United States
Marine Corps and J. A. Brennan were ar-

| cones to-day by ‘United States Commis-
sioner Anderson on the charge of having
| smuggled sixty-four cases of liquor from
St. Thomas by the United States tug Uncas
and the lighthouse tender Laurel.

There will be preliminary hearings in
these cases on Monday and Tuesday. All
the accused were released on $2,000 bail.

The charges were preferred by Customs
Inspector P. M. Mathieson. This sort of
smuggling has been going on for a long

 

 

AIS QUICKNESS SAVES A CHILD
FROM STRANGULATION.

 

Chloroform Improperly Administered
—Well-Known Women See the Doctor
Operate at the Orthopwille Hospital
—tiuest of German Meitlical Society.

Dr. Lorenz had to do a few stunts in
the way of covering magnificert distaices
yesterday. aside from his very active work
at operations. He was taken in charge at
3:30 o'clock in the morning and whirled
away to the Kings County Hospital in the
Flatbush section of Broolkiyn, by Dr. Char!: 8
Dwight Napier, ortho; @ ist at that hospital,
where he performed two operations. He
was then whisked from Flatbush up to

1902.—Copyright, 1902, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association

LORENZ PATIENT NEAR DEATH

 

FORTY PAGES,

     

San Francisco, Dec. 20.—A fatal train
wreck occurred to-night at Byron, Cal.,
when the Stockton flyer ran into the rear
end of the “Owl” train, which is the limited
train between San Francisco and Los
Angeles, telescoping the rear car and killing
half a dozen persons and wounding twenty
others

The engine of the Owl train leaked and
a change of engines was being made, when |
the Stockton train, disregarding signals, |

ran into it. Every one in the rear car,
which was the day coach to Fresno, was
The dining car next to
one was hurt

killed or injured.
it was wrecked, but no

 

 

and colder.

PRICE FIVE

—=
CENTS.

SIX KILLED IN A WRECK,
¢ Stockton Flyer Kuns Into a Limited ILL A Ep
Train in Southern California. | 8

— ———

Roosevelt Agrees to
Act as Arbitrator

IF POWERS INSIST.

When the funeral service is held this By 8 o'clock everybody ft the tomb | bis disposal Morningside Heights in Mavhattan, to | Seriously. f T Th H g C }
morning those who attend it will see no | andthe ondien af Sat ‘ oat Le Grant Spanish officials had noticed that a French Hen a a that other arreste will | tunch at and inspect St. Luke's Hospital. TE Pre TS hat é a Ug ur
difference in the appearance of the erypt, | ere in charge of the custodian, Col. Or- | family was living quietly in the house at anew, © liquors were used at the Cen- When luncheon was over he came down MR. J. F. D. LANIER.
except that made by the magnificent fli wers ee pocaion. Th & = ead 33 Calle Ferraz. They saw no cone except | ty Club, of which Mr. Butler is an officer |.to the Ortho; @ .ic Hospital in Fifty-ninth A Correction of a False and Injurtous Be Chosen,
brought from Washington, for, after the at maldalabt. nig polic.en = deanna ae the charwoman They bought and cooked | 4nd Brennan the steward. street, where he operated on one patient Statement.

body was set in the sarcophagus, tho five-
ton brown marble top, with “Julia D.Grant*
cut in the stone, was lowered into place
end the derrick and ropes which had been
uood by the mechanies were removed,
hoped been poosumed .rom tho firsi tu
place the body in the Tomb last night, but
the fear that a crowd would be atiracieu
ted thoae in charge of the arrangements
te det the public understand that this woulc
be done to-day The result of the strategy
wooall that could have been wished There
vero 400 policumen scattered on the roads
leading to the ‘Lomb in case a crowd should
appear when the bodv was taken there
but few persons were present and the body
vas put in place quietiy and ex, ed tiousiy

  

guard ail n ght.

The services in the tomb thie mornin
wil! be very brief, lasting lews than hal
an hour. A_distinguished company froin
this citv and Washington has been invited.

WasnHrvaton, Deo. 20.—The funere! ser
“ive here for Mrs. Grant took place at
9:59 o'clock this morning in the Metropolitan
Methodist Chureh A brief service for
members of the family was conducted nt
the Grant home earlier At the church the
funeral sermon was preached by (or. Frank
M. Bristol, the pastor. President Roose-
velt and Secretary Root were among those
present

By order of the Secretary of War al!
ariny officers on duty in Washington were
present in fulledrea: uniform. Patriotic
rocieties of the citr alao attended The
G. A. R. was represented by Gen. Bingham

their own provisions which were always
othe best quality

The poiice informed the French Embassy
of their suspicions, and procured photo-
graphs of the gang by which all were
identified. Frederic Humbert had grown
a beard, but was recognized from the por-
traits

The family, it was learned, arrived direct
from Paris on May 9 They never ree
ceived letters at their lodgings, but fre-
quently went to the general post office for
the mail. The daughter, Eva was ill all
the time

Yesterday the police saw Romain d'Au-
rignac enter the house and obtained a
search warrant. Meantime they kept a

 

NOT AN ACRE MORE FOR BRITAIN.
et

‘Responsipilities Naw tcyond Organization
for Defence, Says Neresford.
Spectai Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Lonpon, Dec. 20.--Lnese were some of |

the notable sayings by prominent men
during the week:

“Asa British subject I do not want to see
an: cre more added to the Britiah Empire,
as our imperial responsibilities are enor-
mously in excess of our organization toi
defence,"—Vice-Admiral Lord Charles
Beresford.

“The Government to-day is deeply im-
pressed by the fact that the Enr!-sh-speak-

; ing people all over the world could, if they

and then addressed the annual meetin:
of the hospital, afterward holding an im-
promptu reception there. Then Dr. Kar]
Beck of St. Mark's Hospital took him home
to dinner and in the evening escorted hin:
io @ meeting of the German Medical Society
and to the Liederkranz.

Besides all this the doctor had to stop in
the middle of an operation at the Kings
County Hospital to save the life of the
patient, to whom the anesthetic had been
improperly adminisiered. The operating
surgeon himself had no direct concern
with the administration of the anwsthetic,
but it was Dr. Lorenz himself who first

erceived that his subject was in danger
of strangulation, and he tcok immedate

ee

There appeared in this part of THe Sun
vesterday a paragraph to the effect that
Mr. and Mrs, James F. D. Lanier had |
separated, There is absolutely no foun- |
dation for such a statement, and THE Sun |
was imposed upon by a malignant and
vicious person whom it will duly punish
tothe exteit of its power. THe Sun cannot
adequately express its regret over the pub- |
lication in question, which is in any case
of a character foreign to its columns and
wholly abhorrent to its manacenent.

 

WIPE OUT CITY MAGISTRATES.

 

 

Reported Terms of a Charter Amend-
ment to Be Offered at Albany.

 

BLOCKADE NOW IN FORCE,

Question of Interference With Our
Ships May Be Raised.

 

No Statement From the Allies as to Whether

1 aa Witte sed oy bees ibe hi re Department Commander of the District | wore, et { . 4 re y
ae we popes by i ee a} are ‘ heavy, Olcere of the Lames laston und ~~ aon th a ; io ae ee chose, maintain the peace of the world.”— oe ere nen a or A bill has been prepared for presentation It Is a Peace or War Blockade—Steamer
irom the US Grout Post of Brooklyn und | of police rang the hall doorbell. 6 re-' The Rt. Hon. W. A. Long, President of the f Mary Donnelly, Gyears old. | to the Legislature this winter which aims | Caracas Will Be Allowed to Enter La

Oi ormy officers who were ass.gned by
the oommarnder of the Department of the
has! to cecompany the body,

‘The train whieh bLrovg!)t Mrs. Grant’
tody here from Washington yestern ay
left that city at M1 o'clock in the mncrnies
and wos due at the Lennkyivania station
in Jersey City at 4:40 o'clock. It consisted
of half a dozen ears, two of Bhich were
given over entirely to the funeral purty

Tn the first car of the train, nest to toe
engine, were the family and a few intinpte
friends who cm» from \ashington wich
them tor to-mormow's services, Thir party
Oonsisted of Gen, and Mrs. Fred D. Grant;
Utvsses S. Grant, his brother, the seco. a
ron of Gen. Grant; “rs. Nellie Grant Sar-
toris and * iss Sartoris; Ulveses 8, Grant, 3d_,
Niss Crant, Alexander Sharp, U. 8. N
Lewis S. Morey, U. 8S. A., James Casey of
Washington, an_ old friend of the Grani
family, and Mise Mary Coffey, an old servant
of the Grants, Who was for years the per-
@ nolattencant of Mra. Grant.

Mrs. Grant's body was in the second car
ef the train. The coffin was on a pede: tal

 

a |

Union Veterans’ Union were also in at-
tendance. °

At the close of the services in the church
the coffin was taken to the Pennsvlvania
station tostart on its journey to New York

FATHER HINTS AT WURDER.

Pagliught Intimates That His Six Children
Were Blown Up by Dynamite.

ENGLEWOOD, N. J., Dec. 20.—The Cor-

mer's inquest into the explosion which

 

fiughi on last Tuesday night in Fort Le
was held to-night. The verdict was that
the children had been killed by an ea-
plosion, the cause of which was unknown.

The testimony at the inquest was rather
sensational and the opinion formed by
those present seemed to be that Pagliughi's
house had been blown up by dynamite.

It was thought at first that the children
had been killed by the explosion of a gas
tonk in the cellar. Pagli: ghi testified to-

1
'

|
|

|

killed the six children of John G. Page| be t Was seized with

 

 

ceived no reply, but hearing talking in a
low tone within, he rang again and de-
manded that the door be opened in the
na‘ne of the law After a few minutes a
man opened the door

The Humberts attempted to escape by
the windows, but the gendarmes, who had
baen posted at all possible exits, stopped
then

When the party was arrested Eva Hum-
a fit of hysveria.
Mine Huinbert embraced her davgliter and
her sister Marie, and in a broken voice
cried hyster.cally: “For the love of God,
do not separate ine from my daughter.”

In the drawer of a table @ packet war

found which contained jewels of the value |

of 10,000 francs

Romain d'Aurignac said afterward that
they were all tranquil and hoped they would
receive justice at the Lands of the French
aul .oricies,-

Lovul Government Board.

 

CHOATE SAW KING GEORGE.

Cordially Received by the Ruler of Greece

~-Expects te See the Sultan.

Special Cadle Despatch to Tur Sun.
Lonpon, Dec. 20.—Joseph H. Choate, the
American Ambassador, and his family,
! while at Athens, were the guests of the
| British Minister. They met King George
‘ and all the members of the royal family.
; They will probably meet the Sultan in Con-
| stantinople, and it is also thought that
| they will be received by the Khedive in

Egypt.

All the members of the party are well
| and are enjoying their holiday. Private
letters received from Mr. Choate say that
‘he was much gratified at the cordiality of
his reception by King George. The Am-
bassador is not troubled about political

 

a sufferer from congenital! dislocation of the
right hip joint.
seats for eighty more than double that num-
ber crowded, With no liminary speech,
Dr. Lorenz set to work on his operation.
The case was an easy one, the reduction
being effected in less than three minutes,

B Heie Wiis sie -e Who ui Buse
‘thesia work, The patient was at first
| imperfectly an@sthetized, and cried a
{ ‘little. Then the bottle of chloroform fe!

to the floor and smashed, and the operative
work was suspended while the doctor in
charge of the anesthetic hastened to pro-
cure another bottle

When it was brought there was further
unfortunate work in its administration,
and suddenly Dr. Lorenz dropped thy
child’s leg, greaped her jaws and tried t
‘orce open her mouth. She had stopped
breathing, and the alert eve of the opera‘iag
surgeon was the first to detect her plight.

e shouted for iorceps ana immediate.)
there was great confusion in the room
The child’s hands were tied down by stout
bandages. These Dr. Lorenz tore apart
and promptly set to work to inauce arti-

In the theatre which has |

|
'

at the re:noval of the City Magistrates of
Brooklyn who were legislated out last
session, but were restored, as the bill was
held to be unconstitutional.

Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff said yesterday
that some legislation would be offered,
but he did not know just what form it
would take,

The plan is said to be to wipe out all the
City Magistrates of Greater New York
as well as the two courts of Special Ses-
sions, of five Judges each, in Manhattan
and Brooklyn, restore the office of Police
Justice and give the appointment to the
Mayor.

The act of the last Legislature was de-
clared unconstitutional because it affected
only the borough of Brooklyn and pro-
posed that the Magistrates should be
elected by Congress districts.

 

8-YEAR-OLD GIRL SUICIDE.

 

Guayra Under the Conditions—-Fran7e
Joins in Demand to Share in Any Sete
tlement of Venezuelan Debts—Castre
Has No Knowledge of Details of
the Negotiations for Arbitration.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.—President Roose-
velt's statement that he would be gratified
if the European Powers now engaged in
coercive measures against Venezuela
would consent to refer their differences
with the South American republic to the
adjudication of the permanent international
tribunal of arbitration at The Hague hes
met with a prompt response from the Gov-
ernments of England and Germany. Ap-
parently by mutual arrangement, they
have expressed sympathy with the princi-
ple of arbitration, but intimate that they
would prefer, should the basis for a peace-

draped in black. The car was literally The Humberts and D Aurignacs declare | | affairs and gets no despatches in regard , ; + 7
ile i \ offeri ht that on Monday night he had put f ; ficial respiration. In the meantime wind- able settlement be arranged, to have Mr.
entirely tn charge ct the undertaker ana seed at unas Aseerding they were the vietimns of @ most infamous | to Vonesuels. dows had been thrown open and a tank of | Takes Carbolic Acid because She Couldn't | Roosevelt act as sole arbitrator.

entirely in clarge of the undertaker and
eight assistants

At Baltimore, Philade!phia, Trenton and
othr piaces where the train stopped,
the men on the platforms Larea their heads
when the train came in and didn't cover
again until itdeparted. There v as uo other
demonsti ation than this.

In the Pennsylvania station in Jersev
City when the train got in at 5:10 o'clock
thirty minutes behind time, there was a
great crowd. Among those there to meet
the hody were fifteen members of U. S.
Grant Post 827, of Brooklyn, all of whom
had fought under Gen. Grant. They made
una guard of honor for the body. Senior

to the testimony of two gas experts, thi
would not have enough force to cause a
serious explosion.

Pagliughi intimated broadly that he
thought hia house had been blown up by
dynamite. He asemed to suspect two

men whom he had discharged from the |

stove factory where he is employed as fora-
man. He refused to give the names of the
men. He said that one of them had told
him that “God would get even with him.”
Pagliughi said that he heard two men
prowling around his house on Monday

proceeding. They uttered threats against
certain French personages
Paris; Dec. 20.—The announcement of
the arrest of the Humberts and D' Aurignacs
in Madrid created a great sensation in the
Palace of Justice. The Judges su ded
the sitting for the purposs of verifying the
rt. 1e Justices, lawyers and litigants
lost all interest in their own particular
affairs while discussing an event which
was, apparently, due solely to the work of
the Spanish police, It will probably be
two weeks before the extradition formali-
ties can be carried out and the swindiers

SON BORN TO PRINCESS OF WALES.

Mother and Sen Dotng Well—Thic Is the
Fifth Child.
Spectal Cable Despatch te Tas Sun.

Lonpon, Dec. 20.—The Princess of Walesa
gave birth to a son at 7:85 o'clock this
evening. Mother and son are doing w+!)
This is the fourth son and there is one
daughter.

DEMANDS ON

 

 

40 = RAILROADS.

 

oxygen had b-en sent for. The chiid was
blue and motionless. A spectator handed
over the forceps. The child's teeth were
wried apart, her tongue, which had fallen

k into her throat, was pulled out, and
then oxygen was administered. The
restoratory measures were successful, the
child was anmsthetized again, and the
operation was carried to a successful con-

clusion.
la respect Dr. Lorene's
day yesterday cilivered from any of its prede-
comore For & ae Crthor @ bo spical
operated noe oO women
atrous of the hospital, whereas hereto-
‘ore the only women who have seen his

a

Go Chriatmas Shopping.

Elizabeth Hausen, the eight-year-old
daughter of Christopher Hausen, a builder
of 207 Monitor street, Williamsburg, killed
herself late last night by drinking carbolic
acid.

The child’s parents had announced at
dinner time t they were going out to do
some Christmas shopping. Elizabeth
begged to be allowed to accompany them.
They refused to let her go because they
were going to buy some presents for her

The views of the two European Govern-
ments in this matter were communicated
to the State Department by the United
States Embassies in Berlin and London,
and were laid before the President by Secre-
tary Hay shortly before Mr. Roosevelt
left town for his outing ia Virginia,

THB PRESIDENT’S ANSWER,

The response of the President, which has
probably already been telegraphed by the
State Department, is neither an acceptance
nor a rejection of the suggestion made by

tore! f . ; brought to Paris for trial. Employees Ask a Twenty Per Cent. Wage which they didn't want her to see till Christ- many.
pie: —— Sonar gees, tee a tor night. He seemed to think that the dyna- | The Widow Humbert, the mother of Increase for 180,000 Men. ongrettons — aeee ators ae mas. a oe Bg satneamne
this duty were John L_ Baker, “oorws, * mite had been put under the northwestern crane, She rome in Faria, On. pia Cricaao, Dec. 20-Veraands for a 29 per | wan fou ied = moet ‘7 re She was put to bed with her six-year-old | of his ston tm the entttet Wen obtetands
areah : fot Fone Dr 7 . corner of the house The children who martyrdom must continue.” ‘The widow | cent. se in the wages of pascenger | father, itstreasurer is the President’s cousin | sister and the parents went out. When “The President is greatly flattered and
chambelmeier, C. B. Crond, James #. | 7? killed were in a room over this corner. | afterward said her son lived all the time | and freight conductors and  brakemen | &nd among its patrons are some of the best | they returned they found Elizabeth dead. | gratified over the tribute to his sense of

Canfield, William H. Baker, G. W. Topham,
W. H. Bates, James K. Smith and August
Lippert

Col. A. Noel Blakeman, Henry W. Hayden
and P. Tecumseh Sherman com the
Reception Committee from the Grant Monu-

Pagliughi was apparently a reluctant wit-
ness and would not be specific in any of
his statements,

WHAYNE’S DEATH ACCIDENTAL.

 

 

in terror of his wife, Thé: ese.
M. Vaile, the Minister of Justice, said to-
night that he felt the greatest satisfaction
over the arrest of the Humbert gang.
said the matter of extraditing them would
be «# very simple act. The indictment had
been forwarded to Madrid

were presented to-day to the officials of
forty railroads running west from Chicago.
The proposed increase affects 150,000 em-
| ployeea who are members of the Brother-
hood of Railway Trainmen and the Order

known New York men and women, Of its
ataff have been some of the besi-known
New York physicians. Yesterday was the
day of the annus! meeting, and so many of
the hospital's «fi era, trustees and super-
visora came in carriages that policemen
were busy all the latter part of the aiter-

ee

The other little girl was sound asleep in
the bed beside her.

The carbolic acid bottle had been kept
downstairs in a closet where it was hidden
behind some boxes. The girl's parents

fairness shown by the suggestion that he
act as sole arbitrator of the differences be-
tween Venezuela and her European credi-
tors. He is gratified also over the accept-
ance by Germany and England of the princi-

ment Association. As representatives of | Coroner's Jury So Decides in the Case of this evening | of Railway Conductors, Accompanying Me said they didn't know she was aware even | pie of arbitration and their willingness to
R | - and it was expected that the prisoners ’ noon keeping Fifty-ninth atreet in front r ; Pp :
| A. Orr eres on of te ernann the Man Insured for $390,000, would be in Paria in ten days ° the demands, notice was served that an an- | of the Rooniad clear enough for the tram | of the bottle’s existence. have the pending differences adjusted
y The Getectives who arrested | swer must be returned by Jan.5. Although An ambulance was called, but the doctor

of the East, and Major Littel.

Col. Barry, Col. Blakeman and Messrs.
Hayden and Sherman received the Grant
family and escorted tiem down the platform
to an elevator, ©n the ground floor car-
riages were in waiting.

housands of people were in the station
as the party, all in the deepest mourning,
marched down the platform and every
man bared his head, although many didn't
know what funeral party it was until after
the family had passed out of sight. The
railroad men had orders to tell inquirers
that it was just a private funeral. This
had the effect of raking many hundreds
of people continue on their way who would
have stopped w look on had they known
that the funeral was that of Mrs. Grant.

There was no delay in moving the body.
Right undertaker’s assistants carried it down
the platform to the elevator. The « flu
was plain black, with a silver plate upon it.
This wv « entirely concealed by the flowers.
The gi irom U.S. Grant Post marchea
behind the casket and after the guaid came
two railroad trucks ! aded with flcral pieces

When the elevator reached the ground

Lovisvite, Ky., Dec. 20.-—The Coroner's
jury in the case of R. C. Whayne, who was
found dead in a field near his home and
who had $390,000 of insursnce on nis life
returned this verdict this afternoon:

“We, the Coroner's jury, find that the
said R. C. Whayne came to his death by a
gunshot wound in the left side of his chest,
and we further find that said gunshot was
due to the accidental discharge of his gun.”

The testimony before the Coroner's
Jury did not show any evidence of suicidal
intent, It was shown that Mr Whayne
was accustomed to hunt in the land near
his home and that the fact that he left home
with his gun did not arouse the suspicion
of his family or neighbors, It was proved
that one of Mr. Whayne’s horses had been
{il and the theory is that he had gone to look
after it. Marks on the fence and other cir-
cumstance were accepted by the Coroner's
jury as indicating that Mr. Whayne met

Span ish
the Humberts and D'Aurignacs will re-
ceive a reward of 25,000 francs.

In an interview with the Madrid corre-
spondent of the Temps Mme. Humbert
said she Was anxious to go to Paris imme-
diately. She desired to tell the truth about
the whole transaction and denounce the
authors of her present unhappiness. She
tad always intended to return to France
and answer the charges,

The Humbert swindle involved nearly
$12,000,000. ‘Lie basis for the swindle was
a will left by an imaginary American miil-
ionaire, “Robert Henry Crawford.” His
wealth was said to amount to 100,000,000
francs, This vast sum was supposed to be
held in trust by Mine Théiése Humbert,
who, under the first will shown, was named
as his sole legutee.

A safe in Mme. Humbert’s house was
supposed to contain the 100,000,000 franca,
and on the strength of this the woman
and her husiand and relatives succeeded
in borrowing 60,000,000 frances from bankers
money lenders and others in France and

no strike is threatened, the situation is
regarded generally by railroad men as
critical.

Although the Brotherhood of Railway
Trainmen and the Order of Railway Con-
ductors are back of the movement for an
increase in wages the domands were pre-
sented by the grievance committees of the
various railroads affected. These boards
will carry on all negotiations hereafter,
governed in their actions to a considerable
extent by the advice and recommenda-
tions of the various officials of both unions.

Cfficials of the diferent railroads with
headquarters in Chicago invariably refused
to-day to discuss the demands of their
employees, giving as a reason that it would
be necessary to hold several conferences
before a decision in the matter could be
reached by any of the roads, It is not
unlikely that several of the roads will make

'
| oars and the general traffic,

Among those who attended the meeting
were ex-Vic>-President JTevi P. Morton
and Mra. Morton, Mra Ruesse!l Sage, Mrs
| James A. Burden, Mra. John Drexel, Mr
and Mrs. Doulas Robinson, President
Roosevelt's brother-in-law and sister; Mr.
and Mra, William Jay Schieffelin, Mrs.
John B. Duer, Mrs. Henry Marquand, Mre
Whitelaw Reid, Mre. William D. Sloane,
Misa Amy Phipps, Mrs. Charlies B, Alex-
ander, Mre. W. 8. Cowles, President Roose-
velt's sister; Mrs, Henry Codinan_ Potter,
Mra. EF. P. Fahri, Mrs. William M. Bliss,
Mrs. R. Fulton Cursing, Mrs. Marion Story,
Mrs. J. Archibald Murray, Mrs. Charles
de Rham, Jr., Mrs. Henry K. Howland,
Mrs. Louisa Lee Schuyler, Mrs. John Min-
turn and Mrs. Frank Witherhee.

Most of the non-professional visitors
went straight to the meeting room and
there awaited Dr. Lorenz's coming, but
Mrs. Robinson, Mrs, Sage, Mrs, Drexel
and Miss Watson went to the operating room
to see the Vienna surgeon reduce bilsteral
dislocation of the hip in Josephine Kehoe,
ott years old,
fu

|

The operation was success- | druggist saw a rat dart into a hole.

said the child had been dead more than
an hour when she was found. Her face,
lips and mouth were badly burned by the
acid,

RAT STEALS A 81,000 BILL.

Owner Fonnd It in His Storeroom, Where
the Rat Had Dragged It.

A rat yesterday stole a one-thousand-
dollar bill from C. H. Landell’s pharmacy,
Avenue D and Thirty-second street, Bay-
onne. The bill was received by Mr. Landell
on Friday, too late to be deposited in the
bank, so he placed it in his waistcoat pocket
and made a number of hia friends feel ill
by showing it to them.

When he awoke yesterday the bill was
gone. There was no sign of burglars and
a thorough search of the store was fruit-
less. In the storeroom, however, the
While

 

 

a a

through that means, if certain preliminary
considerations are met by Venezuela, But
the President believes that a more satis-
factory disposition of the Venezuelan im-
broglio could be made by adopting his own
suggestion to the Powers, that the settle-
ment be intrusted to The Hague tribunal.
If, however, the Powers are unwilling to
accept any other arbitrator than the Presi-
dent, he will feel obliged to consent to act
in that capacity.”

As explained in Tz Sun this morning,
the Administration believed that no better
solution of the differences between Vene-
zuela and her European enemies could
be found than the reference of the*pend-
ing questions to the permanent court of
arbitration, and it was using all its energies
consistent with propriety to attain that end,
This suggestion was contained in the tele-
grams instructing the American embas-
siea in London, Berlin and Rome to notify

ai ; : fe . . ear. | his death while the gun was over the top | Belgium, When the safe waa opened not replies to the demands of their employees ¥ performed in a very few minutes the Governments to which they are ac-
a RE the Grant | wire of the fence. a peony was found. The Humperta had | before the date named. The trainmen| After the operation ie Wesenn came | i end po 7 aa © credited of President Castro's action in
y vere seated, That was. the jast It was proved by insurance agents that fen give as their reason for asking for an in- | down tothe meeting room, where he receiv- | ™ : : | giving Mr. Bowen full powers to negotiate

arty
lew of it that many of them had or ever
will have, At the tomb Ulysses 8, Grant,
who represented the family at the ciosing
of the sarcophagus, saw it again. The
rest had thelr iast view as it passed by them
in the crowded station, the bearers winding
their way in and out of the mass of trucks
gathered there,

The mement the coffin passed the doors
of the carriages were cloeed and the drivers
drove on to the Twenty-third street ferry-
boat, which was held forthem. They didn't
leave the carriages on the beat, and when
they reached this side of tho river drove to
the Fifth Avenue Hotel, where they wll
remain until after the services to-day.

The bedy of Mrs, Grant waa carrie?
ahoard the Government steamer General
Meics and placed on a stand draped in black,
which stood on the forward deck. The
veterans there gathered areund it, and
despite the long trip to the Tomb and the
biting wind that was blowing. ‘remained
there in the dark until the landing place,
the recrestion pler at West 120th street,
was reached.

At the recreation pier the coffin was
laced in a heerse, two carriages were

Mr. Whayne was an insurance crank. It
was shown that he had a hobby for cheap
insurance and particularly of the “flyer”
kind. It was in evidence that he suffered
from rheumatism, but was never despond-
ent, and that he was devoted to his family.

Trever Whayne, a brother, testified that
no member of his immediate family had
ever shown evidences of insanity. There
was no melancholia apparent in his brother's
actions.

WILLIAM POTTER REINSTATED.

Was Expelicd From Schenectady Painters’
Unton Becanee Tic Was a Guardsman,

ScnenectaDy, N. Y., Dec. 20.—William
Potter, who was expelled by Painters’
Union No. 62, on account of his affiliation
with the, National Guard, was reinstated
at a meeting of the union last night. An-
nouncement of this fact was made in the
Supreme Court in Troy this morning before

 

 

i

| cidence, compelled the “securities

Shortly atter the filing of the first will
a second one had been produced, dated ip
1877, in which “Mr. Crawford” divided his

sroperty in three parts—one share to Mme

uinbert and one each to “my nephews
Henry and Robert Crawford ” Thon Mme.
Humbert produced a third document mak-
ing her husband and herself the custodians
of the alleged securities and assets of “Mr,
Crawford's” estate,in behalf of the nephews,

Then it was that the Humberts started
out on their career of swindling. Mme
Humbert gave currency to a yarn to the
eTect that the Crawfords were very wealthy
and did not need money, but were anxious
to unite the Humbert and Crawford fami-
lies, and had therefore made ler hushand
and herself the custodians of the mythical
fortune. One of the brothers, according
to Mme. Humbert, had proposed mar-
riage to her, but she had pointed out that
M. Humbert was very much alive, and
“Crawford” thereupon asked for the hand
of her sister, Marie d'Aurignac, then a
echoolgir).

A civil sui. was then brought by one of
the alieged Crawford brothers in an in-
junction action which, by a strange coin-
to be

crease in Wages the fact that trains are
much heavier now than in former years
and that more hours are required to runa
given number of miles. It is asserted that
the work of conductors and brakemen
has been almost doub led.

 

GOOD NEWS OF VANDERBILT.

—

Temperature Falling and a Change for
the Better Seems to Have Set In.

Cornelius Vanderbilt's attending phy-
sicians held a consultation at his home
22 Park avenue, at 6 o'clock last night
and an hour later issued this bulletin, which
\ was announced would be the last for the
day:

Mr. Vanderbilt is still in a critical con-
dition TYhere are no new complications or

symptoms, Whatever slight changes have
occurred are to be regarded as encouraging

A frieud of Mr. Vanderbilt said that his
temperature, which is reported to have
been 105 degrees for the seventy-two hours
ending vesterday at noon, had gone down

 

rr a a

ed a welcoming round of applause from
the women.

Dr. Russell A. Hibbs, the surgeon in
chief, in presentiny his report said that
twenty successful Lorenz operations had

year.
Dr. Jacobi read a paper, in the course of
which he said:

dreds of ho-pitals and dispensaries of this
citv and its neighborhood many could be
epared: that a mixture of altruistic sentiment.
ality with vanity, ambition and

knowledge is the origin of manv of them;
and that they were better discontinued
Bue myexperience in many public institutions
of some kind or another extending over nearly
half a century Tam prepared to believe thit
those reproaches are sometimes justiced
But the class of patients vou receive in this

i

hospital and dispensary admit of no fear of
deceit, nor their necessities of any doubt
Their fooks, their lameness and their crutches
betray them,

Dr. Lorenz in his speech paid a tribute
to American hospitals and publie chari-
tios, and continued: “It is indeed a great
thing to make of these little patients per-
fect children, so perfect that no one can

|

been performed at the hospital during the | Loutsiana Organization

We are often told that among the hun- |

|
|

lack of |

thousand-dollar bill. Then his heart beat °

normaly.
DISBANDED A REGIMENT.

Wouldn't Turn |
Qut Against Violent Strikers, |
NEW ORLEANS, Dec, 20.—-The First Regi- |
ment of the Louisiana State National Guard
has been disbanded by order of Adjutant-
Gencral Jumel for failure to comply with |
the laws and regulations governing the |
guard |
The Louisiana Guard has been in a state |
of disintegration for some time. The !
Spanish war hurt it by taking off most of i
the companies which entered the Volunteer |
service, The recent street car atrike com- |
pleted the wreck, as many of the soldiers |
refused to turn out against the strikers,
One entire company of the First Regiment, |
the Ewing Guards, resigned in a body |
rather than serve,

 

 

 

a eottlement. The suggestion was ene
tirery independent of the proposal of Castro
that the claims of the allies against Vene-
zuela be submitted to arbitration,
Responses to Castro's offer were received
yesterday and the substance of them was
printed in THE Sun this morning. Italy's
answer, which was to the effect that she ace
cepted the principle of arbitration, but
would he guided by the attitude of Germany
and England, shows that she will be in ac-

| cord with the suggestion of those countries

that President Roosevelt assume the fune-
tions of arbitrator, so that it may be said
there is unanimity among the creditor
nations on this point.

The President's expression of hope that
the dispute be sent to Tho Hague tribunal
was made conditional upon the aeceptanoe
of this suggestion by Venezucla as well
as by the European Powers, No doubt
remains, however, that Veneruela_ will
be in hearty aceord with the expressed

filled with the flowers, two more conteined | Justice Howard during the argument to . ; 1 | to 102 degrees, This was regarded as one tell that there has ever beon a deformity. NEW WANAMAKER STORE desire of the President as well as with the
ihe members of the committee from the | make permanent tho injunction obtained | sores rss sae 2 ee Sot house, of the “slight changes” referred to in the | That is what this hospital does, Let me —_——_—_—. counter-suggestion of the two principal
Grant Monument Aesoct-tion and Ulysses by Potter restraining the union from re- | : ‘ bulletin, It was also said that this gradual | congratulate you all, and especially lei | To Be Bullt on the Broadway Block Below :

&. Grant, the only member of the family to
goon the Genersl deigs. Behind these the
guard of honor lined up for the march to
the Tomh,

The police arrangements were unusually

fraining from issuing a card to him. The
announcement was made by Calvin Keach,
attorney for the painters’ union.

The Hon. Judson C, Landon appeared

‘the securities were sup’
a

to be for
nearly twenty years, and all the while Mme
Humbert and her husband, who was a
member of the Chamber of Deputies. lived
in gorgeous style on borrowed money

bout five years ago the suspicions of

to be regarded as a very favorable symp-

| tom, whereas a sudden drop in his tem-
| perature would have been regarded as
ominous,

| decrease in the patient's temperature ought

me congratulate the ladies on their interest
in this work.”

As the meeting broke up a great many
of the women and some of the men pressed
forward to meet the doctor, Often, os

 

 

the Present One—No Move Uptown
Robert C, Ogden, partner of John Wana-
naker, announced yesterday that a new
Wanamaker store will be built on the block

European creditors, A telegram directing
Mr. Bowen to inform the Venezuelan Gove
ernment of the desire of England and Gere
many that the President act as arbitrator
was sent by Secretary Hay to-day.

elaborate, Inspector Kane was in charge | for Potter. Afer a lively dispute between ; , , | ‘The morning bulletin as to Mr. Van-{ women were presented, he would lean { by Lighth and Ninth street

and ‘under Nim were elaht captains, lt; | the 19 Zor oe Horan eign | And with the acisance of" a New York | 4ePbit’s condition ead Forward And pres Ne ee ist aver actten aie | PRECRDENTS YOR PRESIDENTS ACCEPTANCR

eae Sree rad of cared | et pony aw his orde "lar > lawyer an inquiry was made. It wasfound , , Mr. Vanderbilt passed a better night and and for any woman who could screw up street from the present store. Work will The President and his Secretary of State

and peri nh Spas St eed | cnet Bp cane Toney tis peas tt Senate that no Crawford had ever lived at. 1202 | D8 condition this morning is more favorable, | courage to speak more than a word he bi be begun as soon as practicabie | hold that Mr. Roosevelt could with f

headed the funeral procession and behind | the injunction again and in the meantime Roadway, Mew York, the Gudmes given | For the firet time in several days the | 4n answer ready and gallant, One womar | me ion thet fede Pia bulld- | hold that Mr, evel ‘ 1 perfect
- them came another aquad on foot. After | the original injunction must be obeyed by the “Crawford brothers.” The dovus | hysicians held no midday consultation. grasped: “It ia an honor——" asthe docior | | : will je arect vd my that Agi iY 7 a | Propriety become sole arbitrator of the

Urern came tne heares. California— Florida Mexico, ments setting forth the result of this in- | Br Austin Flint, Jr., remained at the house | (00k her hand. “To me,” said he, before | INS WH be erected Ane That it Will be used | dispute, ‘There are plonty of precedents for

  

Porfect arrangements for the interring
the body in tho sarcophagus had been

 

 

The Raymond & Whitcomb Company of 25 Union

 

vestigation were signed by W. H. Bruder,

 

{all Friday night and practically all day
yesterday. After tue morning bulletin

  
 

 

she could recover breath,

2 EEE

 

 

 

 

At St. Luke's Fospital yesterday noon |

 

ntirely for the Wanamaker — business,

except fer one or two small leases, Mr,

 

his acceptance, In 1880 a convention was

 

 

 

| |
}
a . ; ! ending on ir car ¢ sal | a ic Y , : . mates e AAriitin al 1 ai . v C ‘ j shic
to vate eve cone sae jana — ite —_ truas, whieh run trough trom New York terol. ea 7 pan oe | Bg Be was given out Or, Delafield said he felt | Dr. Lorenz took luncheon with Dr. 'T. | ¥ eek or . pa Be ed oon meee. —_ M4 tath Ge tao” Wecakian awe
ervpt , after restin or a few minutes # > Qf, Tr st , | ? ’ ‘ - ’ Meer Ss — “ Stories i as ender Oo move an re a i he ie esaen 0
e 0 y Vande was placed lathe sarcophagus, | vores Tedatiena te tnese renuitian & one tiyrniente reals ea ie some ae a on’ ae tee oalcenl” te andes on Karl Henk, "iin "Wak ‘dinner Foon oe J the Wanamaker store uptown are dis- | Unite di States should be named as arbitrator
7 , 488 arrangement for reachiny Callior ila, Other | really led to the exposure o e antic ) ee ; ; ‘ ’ eed r this ¢ j iv ‘Qe ; sta ‘
4 A derrick ies been 4 oS flare ACA Dave New York in’ danuary aad Per | swindle, “~ hemorrhages, as often result in typhoid, late in the evening so ye ror y seenonitt ! scant of by this authoritative announces | of differences between them if no other
: eee een = | Fiore Nod Mexico, visling, with thelt “hott oe | aM: Girard. a banker, who loaned the | rs ah rarne Whitney was among ae, in g ph ta | ene | arbitrator could be agreed upon, In 1894,
8 Roval Miue foere te Washington. ans wheels,” places mas! Interesting thal ure otierwine | eons Co francs, was ruined and | the callers at the honse vesterday og ge gy (ialiteenia | Prosident Cleveland served as sole arbitras
. Only #12 from New York. expenses, inclu inaccessible. They have superior factlities fortours | Comrnaitte ‘de, | ee tie . . “tet kame Sun : . | ene oN eee onc
26 rail and hole. ur taree days, Dec. 2, Jan. 15, Feb. | to Florida, Rurope, Round the World, Cubs, Porto | M. ifumbert's fother was a distinguished A Big Advantage. Dr, Loren soe to Boston to-morrow aineinl Anne “G fey n seat ne rom ¢ | No more accen able gift for lady or gent than
19, Mar. 12 und <*. Apr. #and 27, and May 7. Im | Rico, Oriental Londs, and sell railroad and steam | Bronchman and was once Minister of Jus- | Bsc anges of Waterman's ldcal Foun.ain Pens pur- |. , a ae Lv. New York dally 428 P via Pi so ute | Krementaz One Piece Collar Buttons. All jewele
Vv, Culm Halil.nor Ios Moket ORces Ade ship tlekets to all parta of ibe world. Ctreulars | a cious te thn a | Gi sed anywhere are not only allowed, but are in. | New York toSt Aumustiry, Pa, One Night Oat | be) ROU 8 Y te ae Via Pa. RoR. South | Ade Jewelera.
v — will be malled to those Interesiod. —Ade tice, Mme, Humbert is the daughter of al fi8" by L. It. Waterman Co,. 174 Broadway, N. \ ws fen $2 eoharrd Clopde Limited wilt | rn By eS Oar a oe ln & No New York ie _
. » stat | iinen merchant et Toulouse Ade | begin its season's run, Office, 1188 Mroadway.— Ad) | CPE eo ane Nis eos
ae tail junited twain N New Chesapeake & Ohio Train Wee: - j ee ee , , | — 1 Seaboard Florida Limited,
1. nly ling oppreting © GLY Shed Wirect, Pons, | Leaves Mow Yors sara M1. 1986 pean (Penn. Rh. Ro, | stewee's Wikts Abe Ware.” taania. hiasdinetee Ore _ ne tn tae Fastest trata x A, magnificently furuished Pullman train, datty
- Kalload fern, Pood Noon diagram pow oped, | arrives Washiagton 6:10 P.M. Cineinnath neat TRY OUR “HOLIDAY ASSORTED CASES, | learla Ko& W carta, | Aristocratic, old and fine, Luyties Brothers, N. ¥. | doy between the Last te Neat. ‘the New Vare 0 sob oor reservations. heverd oat ean cae
ince, Ns Uewid Way ade. j mornlag, and St. Louls neat evenlug. Age H, ‘i’. Dewey & Sons Co., 138 Fulton st., 8. Yimdew. | A Dew cullar.—Ade | Ade Ccntral's 20th Century Limited.—Ade. S| Bace 1G Beane -Aan
‘
%
DRS ey ee en =r Sa os wee - a4 ~ < _ a sain 44 -
pe 2 es | be EN ae he) sae ‘ Le ee ae , eS as Pe ONE “Ae OP ees oo ee es f Aer Ss cy Z * ae rs r