ee

VOL LXVIIL—NO, &

VO

STATE SWEPT BY A GALE,

IN BUPFALO IT REACHED A VELOCITY
OF RIGHTY-FIVE MILES AN HOUR.

 

 

‘The Storm Severe on Lake Erte and at Dan-
kirk Lyons and Udca Felt It--In Sehe-
nectady It Was Like a Tornado - Lasted
Onty Five Minutes, but Did Much Damage.

Prerrato, N. ¥., Nov. 21.—A fleree gale struck
Buffalo ot # o'clock this morning, At noon it
had reached a speed of a mile a minute and at
20’clock itwas blowing eighty-five miles an hour,
No such hurricane had worried this end ef the
great lakes since January, 100, The shipping
interests lad ample warning of the coming
storm, and no vessels were outside the break-
water when itcame. The waves that struck the
breakwall dashed thirty feet above it, and the
upper windows of the big office buildings were
filled with spectators of the magnificent scene.
The life saving crew waa kept busy inthe harbor,
passing lines to vessels which broke from their
moorings and rescuing sailors who were swept
overboard.

The war cyclorama building at the Pan-
American Exposition was blown down and
three workmen were badly hurt. The Ber-
q@ola restaurants at the Court of Fountains
were also laid flat, but the main buildings, which
were braced after the September hurricane,
withatood the wind. A workman was blown
off one of the towers. He caught a rope and
came down 210 feet, burning his hands

The storm has caused half @ million dollars
damage in western New York. Houses, fences
and trees have been blown down in city and
country. Near Niagara Falls the hurricane
picked up a load of hay, carried it fifty feet and
dropped it in a fleld with two men underueath.

Utica, Nov. 21.—-A_ severe wind and rain
storm swooped down on this city shortly after
noon to-day. The eun shone brightly ten
minutes before the full fury of the storm struck
the city. The wind tore down telephone and
telegraph wires, blew windows from their
frames and in one iustance broke off an elm
tree seventy feet in height and sent it crashing
through a frame cwelling. The occupants

of the house escaped injury. Peter Sallacin,
an aged citizen, while walking near his home
was blown into the road and suffered injuries
which it is thought will reault in his death
DUNKIRK, Nov. 21 —-Dunkirk suffered to-day
from a northwest. wind which attained a vel-
ocity of between fifty and sixty miles an how:
Lyons, N. Y., Nov. 2i.-There waa a_varie's
of weather here to-day. It began with warm
sunshine and was followed by a downpour of
ain, resembling a cloudburst, accompanied
by a high wind and a falling thermometer
‘Trains from the east are all late. The wind
blew down the electric light wires, leaving
the streets in darkness, only tncandescents
working. Much damage ts reported in the
country by the blowing down of orchatd sand
farm buildings.
SCHENRCTADY, Nov. 21.—A tornado struck
this town at five minutes past 2 o'clock this
afternoon, and though if took only five minutes
for the storm to pass through the town and
disappear up the Mohawk Valley yet it left
devastation in ita wake. It had rained some
in the fore part of the dav, but there had been
no wind. he storm came without warning,
and many who were out were soaked with rain
and almost blown off their feet before they
could gain shelter, Trees were blown down
and branches from the hie manles and elms
which shade so many of Schenectady'’s etreets
were carried through the air like wisps of straw

BURIED IN

Wind Biows Down Five Icehouses on Which
Carpenters Are at Work —One Killed.

PATERSON, Nov. 21.—One man was killed

and five were serlqualy Injured this afternoon
by being boried under the wreck of five half
built ic~houses which were blown down by
the high wind. The ice-houses were being
erected near Haledon for the Squaw Brook
Ice Company by Contractor William Guther-
eon, who finished five similar houses for the
company last week. The scaffold on which
the oo were working was blown down and
caer ell to the ground. Another gust of wind
sent the houses over on shee.

James poeer. was killed outright. The in-
juredare, trick McCloskey ore street, both
legs and hip broken; ck Heller, Haledon
arm b and cout, William Starr, Hale-
roken; John Peters, Haledon, lees

Fast Main street, legs

 

 

SIX MEN WRECK.

Sat Seth uated ine toy
Peden MoBribe woun fo the scene to invest!-
oniy the olr. ore ofthe acoident.

Bantlet large tree standing in

on Washington
° 6 tree was torn out

this
br the roote.an fell ona neg wagon, which
i crushed. The driver af the wagon

   

ad a nar-

 

SQUALL ENDS THS HOT SPELI.

Geventy-two-Hile Wind, 1-100 of an Inch of
Rete and a Fine Rainbow for a Chaser.

The greatest weather woandal of the season
culminated yesterday with a temperature
of 73 degrees and a humidity that dripped.
Geventy-two degrees on the 2186 of November
with Thankegiving only eight days off, broke
all records and was carrying the thing too far.
Bo at just nine einutes after 4 o'clock in the
afternoon, November shook the late, lingering
August and there was short, spiteful, femi-
pine equal] worth being out in just for the sake
of being able to aay so afterward

All the afternoon the temperature was above
90, buba frequent puff of wind and an occasional
Garkening of things overhead promised reform.
The storm signals were up all day. Tho
Weather Bureau had announced in the middle
of the day that the storm, which was central
over Lake Huron at 8 o'clock in the morning,
‘was coming east fast.

The sky happened to be clear just before
the etorm and a mugey wind was blowing from
the southwest at twenty-four miles an hour
In the southwest yellowish clouds were mus-
tering. They got the word to charge just after
4 o’clock, and in a small fraction of the ninth
minute after 4 the wind shifted with a whiz
from southwest to west and northwest and
ita velocity increased from twenty-four to
reventy-two miles an hour. At the same in-
stant the temperature dropped ten degrees
to 62, The wind he'd its maximum velocity
for five minutes, then dropped suddenly to

fort y eicht miles and then increased eradualiy
until it waa blowing steadily at sixty miles an
hour and still from the west, an hour after the
atorm broke The rain that came withthe
squall lasted just five minutes and the weather
machine regiktered only 1-100 of an inch of it
But more than that fell in other «pots and all
at once. People who were caught in it called
it a “cloud burst"

The impression that something unusual
in the way of weather was happening was
heightened by the vellowish
came with the wind and rain

A piece of the Postal Telegraph Building
flag was torn off and biown over the roof of
the County Court House toward the Fast Riter

 

 

The Weather Kurean sienal fags were the
red and white, with the red on top, That
means “southwest west storm,” and when

that west storm

to a fringe surrounding a reduced the red flag

nding a hole that didn’t mean

anything
@ clearing up was more sudden than the
squall, Before unio} pedestrians in City

Hall Park had gor thr
the clouds broke 4
west, and in the |
the rain in that i:
not sufficient to hii

PoURh chasing their hats
ee, he west and south-
inute of the storm
pie neighborhood was
itig patch of benurti!
blue sky over Jersey Then a fine rain’ ’
appeared in the northenst and spanned the
sky for sixteen minutes. That was the inner
or primary bow, and u 44 beautifully: dis-
Unct in all its colors for tuliv ten mitnutes
The outer bow was visihie five minutes
Forecaster Emery said tiat the storm marked
the end ot the hot wave 4 tore marked
Noveniber records i en ail

  
 

 

“Royal Limited -Importont Change,

 

The “Poyal Limited via Baltimor (
' } ar *
Rallroad for Phitadel tiattimare and Wishing:
ton, commencing Now 2% i ‘ ‘ew
South Ferry at ‘oP. M sberty s.. 840 PM
Flegant da « ches, w noes a hdithea

ntef

f parlor ‘ot t

 

! * pm

totne splendid Pu 1
vation and dining cars -A ii,
Leading Clobs U e& Baltimore Club
Rye Whiskey. Mclivaine & Daldwin, 16 Dey St.—Ade

darkness that ,

 

 

OCRANIC MET FOUL WEATHER

 

And Came Hather Near Neing Han Into by «
Steamer Supposed ta Ne the Trave.

The Oceanic, mightiort oowan oraft in come
mission, despite bulk, power and bilge keels
made heavy weather of iton her voyage fron
Liverpool and Queenstown, ended yesterday
Tler passengers were happy when the linet
got into comparatively placid watera yester-
day afternoon She cangbt, as she came up
the bay, the Linck squall that piled the white
caps high in the harbor But ehe seoffa at
har! as did her passengers, who had
had six consecutive days of vaster tumult that
made them weary

The bie stip had a close shave In a “pea
soup” atinosphere about & o'clock yesterday
morning Cent Cameron, os ta his wont ip
thiek weather. was on the bridee ‘Lhe red
of port light of a steamship, glimmered sud-

into hia Vi e on the port bow
Th@ stranger, supposed to be the North German
Llocd liner Trave, which sailed on Thesday
for Bremen, it <he head continued on her course,
which Was almest at right angles to the Oceanic,
would rammed her amidships, Both
s! ip ne at abeor ? { speed Capt
Cameron whstied that he would poss to star.
board of the stranger Then the areen lelt
of the impending <hip came into view, and Capt
Cameron starbearded lis helm and bere away
to port The stranger passed under hia stern,
a considerable distance off, the Captain says,
but some of the passengers say so close that
it Was possible to throw a bisemt aboard, The
rig of the stranger Was that of a North German
Liovd ship

Among the Qeeanic's passengers were Francis
Howard, the portrait painter, who has a scheme
for raising 82,50, ty scart a pational art

allery in New York, Ch ago or Washington;
Nina Farrington, the Kev. Dr W. H. Free.
mantle, Dean of Kipon, who will lecture at
Horvard on “The Bearing of Christian. Or-
dinances on Social Prowress”, George G. Ward,
Vice-President of the Cormmereial Cable Come.

"owen

dently ion clo

  
  

 

 

many: J. Plerpont Morgan Jr, and Mrs, C,
t. Grannan, wife of Riley Grannan, the betting
man. Mr. Ward has been in Germany looking

after the affairs of the new German cable
He received from the Kaiser the deeor tion
of the order of the Koval Crown of Prussia
Nina Farrincton saves it is not true that she
{3 engaged to marry Ved Sloan, chiefly be-
cause she has not met hho and would not know
him if she did) She acknowledged an ac-
quaintanceshin with Joe Leiter. She says she
hores to go into the legitimate drama as her
voice is not mood for opera now.

Mra, Grannan said her husband could not
come over with her because he was not well
enough to stand the shaking up of a winter
voyage, Mr. Grannan, his wife says, told her
that the feeling of the English sporting men
was bitter Against American jockeys, chiefly,
he thought, because they hada habtt of winning
Mr. Grannan is not doing much plunging now:
hesald he could get larger betsover there than
he could here and he liked it on that account.
J. Plernont Morgan, Jr., was met at the pler
by his father.

 

CORN UP TO FORTY-FIVE CENTS.

Excitement When the Figure Was Reached
—Corn King Phillips in Control,

Cuicaco, Nov. 21—November corn went
to 45 cents to-day. George Phillips, the lately
recognized king of the corn pit, stood in the
centre of the arena, apparently entirely un-
affected by the tumult around h.m when the
grain reached this merk. The din would have
drowned the roar of a locomotive, The shorts
were Wid = They were involuntarily the means
of forange the price higher. The young man
in the centve made a few sales The price
seon dropned lightly

“Tt isa lovely deal,” remarked Phillips, medi-
tatively.

Che break in the price wae indicative of the
complete control that Phillips hason the market
He eased it with a wave of his hand. — His
friends are numerous on the board. They
stood by and nodded admiringly.

*Phillips is backed by somebody tn whom
he has implicit confidence,” said a speculator
to-day, “and all the plans of this deal have
been carefully latd.”

The cold wave which promises to extend
over the entire “corn helt” by to-night tended
somewhat to cuiet the fears of shorts early
in the day. The bears look for an increase
in country offerings and Jarger receipts ar the
result of the cold weather. It was the talk
on the floor that Phillips was likely to find
a number of shorts in a position to hand over
the cash corn if a “corner” was attempted at
the end of the month.

Mr. Phillips did not appear to be at all worrted
to-day over the change in the weather, or the
prospect of larger receipts, expressing con-

dence in his ability to carry the deal through
succeasfully :

“1 have not traded In November to any ex-
tent to-day,” he sald, “and there is nothing new
in the situation The demonstration in
the pit tells the story. I did nothing to force
the markets, and the advance was simply
the work of shorts. T know of one line of
200,000 bushels that was covered from 42 up
to 44% cents. Not over 500,000 bushels of
November were traded in all told.”

November corn closed at 45 cents, the high
point for the day, and the highest price at which
corn was sold since January, 1895.

 

 

LUTZ CONVICTED AGAIN.

This Time the Jary Was Out Ninety Hours —Was
Out Seventeen Days on the First Trial.

WiLkEs-Barrke, Pa., Nov, 21.—Jobn Luts
was found guilty to-day of murder in the first
degree after the Jury had been out ninety
hours and had taken thirty-six ballots. This
is the second time he has been convicted. The
first time the jury was out seventeen days
and when the verdict waa returned it became
known that a juror who had held out for second
degree had signed the first degree verdict
under compulsion, On the strength of this
dudge Halsey granted a new trial, the one just
ended,

Lutz was calm when he heard the verdict
and hardly looked up, sitting with his head
bowed as he has done since the trial began,
He will probably he sentenced on Saturday,
Lutz murdered his wife a year ago. His de-
fense was insanity.

 

Race Line tn the Barbers’ Unions,

It was announced yesterday that a new
Barbers’ Union ts to be formed in thts city be
eause the present union will admit only men
who can talk Bohemian, German or Italian
The new umon will be composed of English-
speaking barbers Headquartere for it were
established yesterday at 61 hast Fourth street,

Six Rescned From Beached Yacht.

ATLANTIC City, N. J, Nov. 2!1.—The sloop
yacht Jaquetie, belonging at Keyport, N. J,
lost her mainsail and rigging in the gale of
wind which blew with nearly burricane ve-
locity on the eonst this afternoon. Bhe was
driven on the beach near Spermaceti Cove,
where she was boarded with diMfleulty by the
life saving crew. They landed Capt. D. B
Hall and his two sons, together with a crew
of three men = The yacht lies in an easy posi-
tion, but no — will be made to float her
until the gale moderates

Wiod Blew Down a House.

An unfinished two-story frame house which
was being erected at 106 Kensington avenue,
Jersey City, by Arthur S. Perrine, was blown
from its foundation during the high wind-
Storm shortiv after 5 o'clock vesterday after-
noon. The strueture was blo toward the
rear of the lot for a distance of nearly seventy-
five feet

Damage to Uncompleted Apartment House.

The heavy afternoon tore
off the gable end of the third and fourth floors

wind vesterdas

of the fourestor portment house in course
of constructi ut 112 Marks avenue, Brook-
yn. dames Coreors the owner, and two

,; workmen were htlty hurt. The damage to
the house is estimated at 8750.

, re

Roof Biown Off tn Willlamsbarg.

‘The roof of the twoertory frame building
used asa Cooperace shop by Pratt's off refinery
at North Tenth -treet and Kent avenve, William®
burg, was blown off in yesterday's storm
A number of sicnus were torn down and several
windows in the ! : part of the city were
shattered By the foree of the wind

General Change cf Tim> on the Pennsvivania
Ratiroad,

On Sunday next, Nov. 25, the Pennsylvania Rall-
ro. d Company wilt make its usual general change of
tine fa the winter seis A uumoer of changes in

trains Will be made Adr

 

Fvans' Ate and Stout

tat pour elbow wherever you are, Why'-Ade.

tute untformity of malt and

Selected érain, at
brewing produce Bal antine’s {nats Paie Ale.

portee
“Ade.

 

 

 

a

eo oor dC CC O.;.'_00000 TT

 

S EVERYBODY,

DEPEW GU

THE PEACE CONPRRENCE, RUSSELL SAGR
AVD EVEN NINSELF.

 

This, Notwithstanding He's the Guest of Mer.
Sage at the Mayflowers Descendants’ Din-
ner at Deimonico'’s Judge Howland Gives
the Senator Some of His Own Medicine,

Renator Chauncey M. Depew, who waa not
upon the prearranged toast list, was called
upon at the end of the sixth annual dinner
of the Society of Mayflower Descendants at
Delmonico’® last night, and enlivened the or-
casion considerably. There were about one
hundred and fifty members of the soclety and
their guesta present, Speeches had been made
be Perey Sanderson, the British ConsuleGen-
eri, Frederick W. Holls, Jolin Kendrick Bangs,
and Representative Gaston A.Robbins of Ten-
nessee before the toastmaster, Justice Good-
rich of Brooklyn called on Senator Depew,
saying that ft would be an entirely tunconven-
tional and unfe-ling public dinner that could
adjourn without giving Chauncey Depew a
chance to talk. Justice Goodrich told a story
about an occasion forty years ago when he
gave place to Senator Depew at a public meet
ing on the understanding that the Senator was
to talk only twenty minutes. Senator Depew
talked for two hours and Justice Goodrich
did not have a chance tosay aword.

Senator Depew said that he remembered the
occasion very well Inasmuch as Justice Good-
rich had chosen to bring up the subject he worttld
now tell the whole truth about it, Which was
simply that the political boss of Brooklyn ta
that day, “and we had them in that day,” said
the Senator, “us we doin this,” came to him and
said, pointing to Justice Goodrich, “We know
vou only want to talk twenty minutes, but there
is a young end amvitions cuse over there and
wo have protvised him that he shall follow you
See that he doesn't get a chance *

“What was T to do?” asked Senator Depew.
“I was very fond of Goodrich, but I had the
interests of the party even more at heart. I
suppressed Goodrich, but the party was suved.”
(Laughter!

“Ll have been very much interested,” he con-
tinued, “by the speeches I have heard here to-
night. It was pleasant to hear from the young
man from Yonkers, Mr. Bangs. IT am a West-
chester man you know, and We are all interested
in the fresno country produce of Westchester
Tt is a fact well established that Yonkers thinks
that it has produced everything that counts ~
anything that is contained within the bounda-
nesof the whole United Statas. listened to
the instructive and solemn oration of the seo
retary of the American delegation to the Hague
Conference

“it was highly instructive to hear him tell
about all the things that the conference has
done for the world, especially in view of the
daily bulletins certifying to the Influence of
the couference that we are receiving from
China. One matter on which he laid particu.
Jar stress Was that the conference had brought
it about that private property shall be re-
spected in time of War that only pepe prop-
erty shall be subtect to seizure and attack. We
read in the afternoon papers to-day that the only
Chinese prince who has shown any desire to
be friendly to the foreign Powera has been
discovered living in the most abject poverty
And why? ‘The newspapers say that all his
family silver was dis ~overed at the home of
the Frenoh Ambassador, and that the Ambas-
sador kindly and tnagnanimnously consented
to wive part of it boek to him. (Laughter ]

a Yonkers representative took a great
deal of sati<faction in recalling that the anni-
versary of the landing of the Pilwrimsa was
the same as the anniversary of Runnymede,
and that both were being celebrated the same
night. So is the horse show. [long pouss
and slow laughter!) My ancestors did not
come on the Mayflower. Ther came somewhat
eatiler, and they landed at the place for which
they started. Yours didn’t, luckily for New
York. (Leaughter', They were a narrow big-
oted untovely generation anyway. They
no human virtues that would be recognized
as virtues to-day.”

The Senator went on to sav that the Yonkees
had later come over to the Hudeon River aet-
tlements and had robbed the simple Duteh
of all their industry and economy had gathered
together. He sald that he waa tempted to
tell one of bis oldest stories. It was one of
hls very oldest, but he did not think anybod
would recognize It exeept Judge Howlanc
“There = fs one thing about my cheste
nuts,” he sald, “they are al! grown in my_own
back yard. Howland rts over the fence
every litte while ond gets some of them
and goes off and cultivates them under glass
and brings them out as exotics, and tells them
until everybody ta tired of them and then the
next time I tell them, everrbody says that ts
one of Depew’s old chestnuts, Well, anyway,
this is a story of the days that were not so
prosperous as these, when Uncle Russell (Mr

Russell Sage had brought Senator Depew
to the dinner as his guest, and woe
sitting opposite him) ts hustling about
Wall _ Street gatherine the cream of

the milk which has been distributed about so
liberally downtown by the dear lamba. Ob
Uncle Russell deserves all he gets! It is one of
the uses of veterans tn this world that they teach
a less sophisticated generation how to take
care of their money (langhter) and how to lose
it (laughter) and they ought to be paid for that
geryiee to mankind. They ought to be paid
‘or it.”

Then the Senator went on and told the story.
He told several, When he wae thronch Jus-
tice Goodrich called on Judge Howland,

“Chauncey Depew," ani Judge Howland
“has at last confessed that his chestnuts are
a hackvard production. We all know the
characteristics of things that are found in back
yards. They are usuaily decaved and worm-
eaten. They make good fertilizer As he
says, I have found them useful in the cultiva-
tion of exotica. I never look too closely into
the history of the good things L use T feel
like the woman who waa asked if she did not
boll the Croton water nowadays to kill the
microbes. ‘No,’ she said, ‘I'd rather be an
acuarium than a morgne’ *

Representative Robbins told the mothers
of the society to impress upon their dauch-
ters that Wheeler and Hobson of Alabama and
Dewey of Vermont and Schlev of Maryland
had won the Spanish war and that in the coun-
trv that bred such men were to be found far
better husbands than among the Impecunious
and spendthrift men of titles on the other side
of the ocean,

Among those present were Justice Beekman,
Anatin Bo Fletcher, W. W. Griswold, Charles
B Robinson, John T Terry theRev Dr and
Mrs. Brady FE Rackus, Ashbel P_ Fitch, Mr. and
Mre J) Van Vetchen Oleott, Mra_ Lawrence
Townsend, Charles A Hoyt, Mrs. Flihu Root
Willis S. Paine and EF C James

 

SEVERAL HURT IN THE|WIND SQUALL,

Mrs. Jay's Coachman Knocked Senseiess by a
Plece of Glass Blown From Sherry's,

Mrs. John Jay of 242 Fast Fifteenth street
was driving past Sherry's as the wind squall
came up veeterday afternoon, She was in
a coach with coachman and footman on the
box. A piece of thick glass was dislodged
by the wind from the portico over the front
of Sherry's and was blown across the street,
It strock Charles Unger, the coachiman, knock-
int him off the box. The coach was slightly
scratched) = Mre. Jay was not hurt

Inver was picked up uncenscions by Police-
man Carroll, who inthe meantime had stopped
the seared horses Unger was taken to Flower
Hospital, where it was found that he had a4
couple of bad sealp wounds end a number of
bruises Virs. Jay was driven home by one of
the cabmen who atand around Sherrv's

George Lund, 75 vears old, a wealthy shoe
manufacturer, living at 442 Fifth avenue, was
going up Broadway when the squall struck
While he was passing a platform between
Forty-first and Forty-second streets on the
east side of Broadway where excavations
are heing made the wind tore a billboard off
the platform and flung it upon Mr Lund. He
was knocked down and badly bruised. He
was taken bome in an ambulance sent from
the New ‘ pa Tlosnital

A Mrs, Allen, who was near Mr. Lund when
he was hurt wae also knocked down. She was
taken to Ler home, 224 West Thirty-seventh
street

The wind loosened a skylieht on a honse at
15°? Weet Twenty-seventh street and it fell on
Augustia Davey, a thirteen-year-old colored
boy who lives at 0 Weat Twenty-seventh
street. He wasn't much hurt

A plate glasa window in the office of the Globe
School Vook Publishing Company, on the fifth
floor of pee building at 106 Fifth avenue, was
smasher

 

 

 

  

AU Deerfoot Farm Sausages
are made at the Farm, in Southborn, Masa
Success
neatoes* and cleantiness of the preparation.—Ade.

Their

; Twenty-four Hours From Chicago
to New York under the new schedule of the Pennsyl-
vania Limited, ip effect Sunday, Nov, 25.—Ade.

ee
ae ana ann a sss aaa ete een entice atneaen beatin eateanintincceenanmataa .

!s owing to the choice materials andthe ,

ha

ETT Thal

 

RLECTNIC TRAIN ON ELEVATED.

Preparatory Trial an Second Avenee Veaterday
~Megviar Triats To-day,

The ofecial trial of the experimental electric
trein of the Manhattan Elevated Patiway
Company will take place thie morning on the
Becond avenue line The train will be made
up in the company’s yard at Siatr-seventh
street and Second avenue and @ill tnake hali-
hourly trips between the Bixty-fifth street
and Ninety-second street stations from 10
o'clock until 12. On the first run will be «a
\erge number of railroad mon, ofictals of the
road and others interested in eleetrio traction,
who will be the guests of the company

Several preparatory trips were made yea-
terday under the direction of W. FE. Baker,
general superintendent of the elevated road,
and the success attending them was most
complete. The train consisted of two motor
cars, one at each end, and four coaches in be-
tween. Early in the ofternoon it was run out
of the Sixty-seventh street yard with Master
Mechanic Doyle at the motor, and was switched
over to the uptown track in between two pas-
wenger trains. Then {t started uptown and
developed with ease seventeen miles an hour.
It ran with the greatest emoothners and was
started and stopped in half the time required
by the steam trains. Occupants of the houses
along the road hing their heads out of the
windows in joyful surprise, for at sight of the
quiet but swift moving train they realized
that the day of the puffing, cinder casting
steam engine on the elevated Was over,

In the optnion of the experts there waa much
leas rocking of the road's structure than with
the steam engines, although the motor cars
are much heavier than the engines, The
motor cara weigb thirty-five tona, to from
twenty-three to twenty-eight tons for the
stearn engines, Lut their weight is much more
widely distributed along the track, owing to
the greater length of the motors. The current
used yesterday was obtained from the @hird
avenue power house and the motors developed
1,208 horse power. With such power, of course,
{t would be possible to go much faster than
seventeen miles an hour, but it is not deemed
wise to increase the strain on the structure,
which such speed would naturally bring.

The only part of the elevated system which
haa been fitted for the use of the third rail
system is the stretch on Second avenue between
Fifty-seventh and Ninety-second atreeta but
preparations have been pushed 60 far that tt
is eiid the rails can be laid at the rate of a mile
a day as soon as the wordis given, The second
avenue line, which ts to be equipped first, will
require eighty-four motors and the making
of these will require some time. Four hundred
motore will be used on the whole system.

The engineers and firemen on the Second
avenue line have received notification from the
company that when e'ectric motors replace
the atearm locomotive they will be discharged
and reémployed as motormen, If they wish, at 82
aday. Themen, of whom theteare about two
hundred belong to the Brotherhoods of Locomo-
tive Engineera and Locomotive Firemen, and
thelr wages are $3 50 and #3 a day, the regular
unfon rate set by the two brotherhoods.

 

 

BIG KAISER VERY LATE.

Sarmise That Something Has Happened te Her
Machinery —Some of Her Passengers.

It is probable that the big North German Lloyd
steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosee, which
next to the Deutachland of the Hamburg-
American Line is the fastest merchant vessel
afloat, has had trouble with her machinery on
the protracted voyage she is making from
Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg. She
was due here on Tuesday afternoon, making
all allowance for the rough weather now adrift
in the steamship lane. She was seven days
and seven hours out from her laat port of de-
parture, Cherbourg, at 1 o'clock this morning.

A man who sald he was a messenger from
the North German Lloyd office went to the
White Star Lina steamship ( ennte, which
arrived yesterday from Liverpool and Queens
town, and asked if the Oceanic’s oMecers had
seen anything of the Kaiser. She never has
made so long a trip.

Among het passengers are the Baron von
Holleben, German Ambaseador to Washing-
ton: the Marquis and Marquise de Larinaga,
Emilio Terry, the Misses Nathalie and Odette
Terry, General and Mrs. Fdward H. Ripley,
H. G. MeVickar, Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Gray,
Mrs. Henry May, Mr. and Mrs. Francisco Terry,
Mr. and Mrs. David Kimball, Mr. and Mrs.
Gorman Hubbard and Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
H. Hubbard.

 

 

NEBRASKA BOARD WIPED OUT.

State Board of Transportation Is Declared
Unconstitutional.

LINcoun, Neb., Nov, 21.—The State Supreme
Court, by a unanimous decision this evening,
wiped out of legal etistence the State Board of
Transportation, the only State body which has
the power to control freight rates In Nebraska.
The board is composed of the Governor, Aud-
itor, Land Commissioners, Attorney-General

and Treasurer, the actual work being per-
formed by secretaries. The board had not
only power to enforce orders made against
railroads, but had equal power over telephone,
telegraph and express companies. The de-
cision of the court leaves all corporations of the
character named without any control in the
matter of rates, save that exercised by the
courts, The ground upon which the law is
declared unconstitutional ts that it was im-
property passed, thatis, it bore a diferent title
n enot house and in other respects did not con-
form to Constitutional requirements

There has been but little complaint in Ne.
braska for three vears over railroads, the work
of the board heing largely devoted to hearing
changes of inequality of rates between points
within the State. The last two Legislatures
endeavored to abolish the board and replace
it with a more effective and less costly eystem
of regulation, but the lobby has been too strong.

THIRTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY

Rowed Off in a Leaky Boat Because He Didn't
Like to Stay Home and Mind the Raby,

Wickrorn, R, I, Nov. 21 —Becanuse Jonas
Brooks, 13 years old of Hamilton, near Wick-
ford, did not like to stay home and mind the
baby and because he found parental restraint

irksome, he got into a leaky black rowboat
last Saturday, seized a pair of blue oars and
rowed boldly into the bay. Since that time
he has not been seen ¥

Jonaa went to school five days in the week,
and it eeemed hard to him to be compelled to
stay at home on Saturday, his only holiday,
to perform a duty which fallk more naturally
within a woman's province, He was missed
at about noon. He had told his brother that
he should go to Fox Island, which is not far
from Wickford, so the father and older hoy
went there on Sunday and made @eearch for
Jonas, but witho @avail, As the boat in which
Jonas set sail was leaky and ae Sunday was a
stormy day, thev fear that he was drowned
although they think there is a possibility that
he was picked up by a passing schooner.

BALLINGTON BOOTN'S ROY ILL.

To Re Operated On for Appendicitis To-day
~—His Mother With Him.

Charies Ballington Booth, the twelve-year-
old eon of Ballington Booth, is ill in the Preaby-
terian Hospital with appendicitis. He was

taken there yesterday morning by his mother,
Mrs. Maude ooth. Mie condition tn serious
and an operation wil be performed to-day
by Dr. H. A. MeCos The boy is attended
by two private nurses and his mother re-
woe et hartes fp the ont f Bal

oung Charles is the only son o lington
Booth. He was first named William of hee
grandfather, but as Booth Tucker's son, who
is now dead, was also named William, Bal-
lineton Booth changed his son's name

MISSING.

 

 

 

 

Latest Marine tnteliigenc:
Artived: Ss Marquette, Gates, London, Nov. &

 

Evans’ Ale and Siont
the first and only ale and stout without sediment.-Aém

|

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

i a + ees +

NO MARGINS? NO PROFITS?)

BROKAN NOOPER'S CUSTOMERS NEGIN-
NIVO TO CLANON.

 

Thetr tawver Saye the Assignes Can't Find
Their Collateral, and aa to Their Vrofite
~ Well Ihe Said That There Were 800 ¢ as.
tomers, All Batic Three Rranch Oftces.

Lawyer George C Delary, of 22) Broad
way, said last night that he had been retained
as counsel by over a hundred persona whe |
were trying to find A. ©. Hooper, the Con-
solidated Exchange broker of 52 Broadway,
whose failure wae reported in Tk SUN Of These
day. Immediately after making an as-imi-
ment Hooper went out of town It is said
at his house that he will return in a day or two

“We want to see him," «aid Lawver Delacy
“lL have requested hia representatives, his
assignee and his attorney to let me know
when he returns, It is remarkable that a@ man
with the obscure offices he had could do the busi.
ness he did. Aa far as we can learn Hooper
had no partner and simply did business under
the firm name of A.C. Hooper & Co, although
the law required him to regeter the names
of any members of his firm with the County
Clerk on or before Sept. 1. He really had no
facilities for carrying on the enormous bisi-
ness he was supposed to be doing, but intelli-
gent people came along and poured money
in without even atopping to find out who he
waa or where he came fromm.

“Aa far aa l can learn he came from
about @ year ago and began doing business
here after bece ming amember of the Consoli-
dated Fxchange. He had branch offices at
2 East 125th street, one in Fifty-ninth street
and one in the Bay State Hotel, on Broadway
opposite Bond street. He had 800 customers
and his income must bave been at least @3,000
aday. Atthemain office they were supposed
to take in all orders and fill them: for sU0 custo-
mers, Justimagine that. I've y t got to learn
whether all the orders of my clients have been
filled. If they have it is strange that the ref-
eree has not found any assets, although every
one of the clients 1 represent bought on the
right elde of the market and their winnings
and margins are due them. What has become
of the securities these people who were on the
winning side of the market deposited with A. .
Hooper?

“At 3 o'clock this afternoon I went to the
assignee, Mr, Francia Duffy, and I made a
demand on him for these securities. 1 was
told that he had not found any. He said that
there wasn't a eign of any of the collateral
my clients had put up as margin and that as

yet he had not been able to find any tangible
assets, All day I have been deluged with
telegrams and telephone messages from per-
sons who had been customers of A. ©. Hooper
& Co. At my office and at my home this even-
ing I have been keyt busy consulting others,
“When 1 called pon the ascignee —to-doy
todemand the securities put up ae collateral,
the assignee told me that if anrthing was
wrong ha would retose to act As assignee
I cannot understand the situation as vet, for
while in every instance my clients have been
on the winning side of the market they have
not received back even ther maceins Not
only their moner has net heen found, alse
their stocks and honde in this rising market
We don't know what has become of then
Hooper had all sorts of enstomers, from elorks
with small salaries te well-to-do merchants
and quite a nimber of women
retained by persons who put Wp margin and
who gave orders on from ten ehares to 1,000,
and in each instance colinters) was put up,
which the assicnee can’t nd One oman
vave $1000 to Hooner for
that is, he gave him securities to that amount,
and when he heard of this fallure he was told
the securities had disapnerred, although he
had invested in rising stocks. Among those
who have retained me is A.C. Scheurer who
was manager of Hooper's branch office in Fifty.
ninth etreet. He eave that Hooner owes him
$1,209) back salary. The funniest client that
Came to ne Was one man who told me his buel-
ness was that of a toncher-up. He exnlatned
thet he was employed to toneh up oil paintings,
This toucher-up was touched upin great shape”

heawo

T have been

investment!

NO STATE CONSTABULARY BILL?

A Surmise Afloat After ex-Gor. Elack's Dinner
With Mr. Platt Last Evening.

|
Senator Thomas C. Platt and ex-Gov. Frank
S. Black clined together Inst night at the Hol-
land House. Several days ago Senator Platt
and Mr. Black had lunch together at the Law-
yers’ Club. Mr. Black is now the leader of
the Republican forces in Rensselaer county
While Mr. Platt and Mr. Black would not say
anything as to what occurred at their dinner
last night, it is known that the meeting was
for the purpose of interesting Mr. Black in the
fate of the State Constabulary bill, Certain
Republican friends of the two gentlemen said
afterward that in their cetimation the State
Constabulary bill will not be introduced at
Albany this winter
It is said that there are to be further dis-
cussions between Mr. Platt aud Mr. Black
concerning this and other measures) Mr
Black did very great service on the stump
in the recent campaign for Mr Odell There
are a number of things golng on which will
come to the surface before Jranguration Day
at Albany Mr. Black‘s friends believe that
they were not treated rghtly in the campaign
of 1998
|
|
|

HOAR ON THE STRENUOUS LIFE.

Telis Harvard Men That Edacation Ie Not to
Fit Them to Haunt the Grizzly Bear.

CaMBRInNGr, Mass, Nov. 21—The meeting
for the publication of academle distinctions in
Harvard College was heldin Sanders's Theatre
to-night. A list of the winners of all distine-
tlons which have been conferred since the last
meeting,a list of the scholars of the first group
for the last four years and a list of all winners
of Bowdoin prizes were published. Dean
Briggs presided and introduced Senator George
F. Hoar, ‘46, aa the speaker of the evening. Sen-
ator Hoar said In his address

“A Mberal education is a solace to menial
circumstances, to sicknese and to the curses
of inherited wealth, You are expected to do
high thinking in pig places,
in these dave of the strenuous life
work is to be with the brain. Your education
is not to fit you to hunt the grizzly bear.  Foot-
ball and athletics are manly sports and have
but they belong to the period
of youth and do not develop the brain, No
high place can now be filled without good
English, good speaking, the use of a foreign
tongue and good reasoning. You will prob-
ably get them in your_undergraduate work,
if you get them atall, They will lay the foun-
dations for future work
“The great things are done by men of ordi-
rv

We hear much
Yonr

manly elemen

pe vy, natural capacity who have done their
st, done their best by never wasting time.”

 

Stermer Wrecked: Crew Saved.

Sr Jonny's, N. F., Nov. 21.-—Contractor Reid,
whose failures to carry the Newfoundland
elections waa so costly to him, sustained an-
other heavy loss to-day when his new steamer
Fife, one of his fleet of coasting ships, ran
ashore in the Straits of Belle Isle. She is a
total loss. She was worth #100,000, and it is
understood that there is no insurance. The
crew were saved after a terrible experience,
being adrift during a storm in open boats

 

Flying Switch Reinstalied.

Men were busy vesterday in the yards of
the Grand Central Station relaying pieces
of track esvential to the old fying switch ere.
tem, which was abandoned last Sunday. The
congestion and delay attending the change
in system made necessary a return to the flying
awiteh Although conditions were somewhat
improved yesterday morning incoming trains
were still late. Things were in better shape
last night

 

Ivers & Pond Pianas
are of the most expensive construction, but at most |
reasonable prices Tasy paymecis. At Chandler's,
450 Fa'ton st, Krooklyn.-- Ad, |

In these Gays of dirty water the wise man will
@istrust Croton and pin his faith to the gure catbon-
ated waters manufactured by Carl H. Schulta —Ade,

‘falr and colder to-day and to-morrow,

©

8700,000 WON FOR ATREET CLEANERS
Referee Nookataver’s Judgment in | Overtioe’’
Salt Againet the cits

Henry W Bookstaver aa referee hoe ercen

Judament in faver of Patrick doo MONu

aesianed claims againet the city for Peace
for overtime put in ty menhers the Street
Cleaning Department (duetion Vodrews +

the Supreme Court) yesterday cracted Mf
Nulty an extra allowance of Bho on pros
that the aetion came under the Code ‘
‘estraordinary ”

MeNulty sued on assigned clatias of tom
He bhadbrra

ren, amounting to @1,490.000
prior action obtained Jud@ment fer ateout
$50,000 on similar assianed clatiia, and the

Court then gave lim an extra allowance of
Sian The present case was sent before Mr
Bookstaves as referee and about (0 wittieases
were examined, whereupon counsel on both
sides made a stipulation on which prmcthoalls
the Judgment ia rendered A number of Oe
claims were withdrawn from the present suit,
and the case proceeded mainiy on the elavims
of former drivers The <tatute prescribed
that eight bone should constitute a day's
work, but it was shown that the men who were
examined bad worked more They sued for
2h cents an hour for overtime

Tt Was agreed between counsel for plaue
and for the eity that the claims of men who had
been evam ned should be allowed for six hours
a day overtiive and for those not exatuined four
hours a dav overtime, and the referee so finds,
comput ng the amount of the elaine left before
him at $208,200 The work was done becween
May 2, 1892, and April 96. 1804, and the piatnii'T
agreed by stipulation to watve Interest

The claima remaining in thie sult were much
larger than (he amount of the judgment

MERE, ENGEL, | WANT MY FEE.

Koch Defended Colonizers of De Ate, and
Sues for $2,400 for It.
FEx-Police Justice Joseph Koch has brought
suit against Martin Engel tn the Supreme
Court to recover $2,400 for legal services in
defending men Who Were arrested on charges
of eolooizing in Engel’s distriet Just prior te
the election of 1809. Eight of these men were
indicted at the time. Koch explained yester-
day how he was retained, saying

“Engel came to me and ratd: ‘ludge, 1
want you to take care of these guys down in
iny district.”

“Treplied 1 wae not in sympathy with Tam-
many Hall, thatit waa distinetiy a business
proposition, that I dainot want to work for
glory, and that I expected to be paid. Engel
replied

“*That's all right, my boy,’ patting me on
the back: ‘you get de boys off, and you'll get
de dough.’ *

Mr. Koch said that the cases occupied about
a tnonth before Justice Werner. Only one of
the eight was convicted. Mr. Koch said he
then sent In his bill, What then followed he
explained

“Engel threw forty different kinds of fits
and came to me, and said: ‘See here, 1 don't
pay for cases of thls kind. 1 expect you to
take your pay out of the publicity and free
advertising you get.’ ”

Koch eues through A. J. Dittenhoefer as his
attorney. ‘Ihe papera were served on Fnwel
on Nov. 8 and he has not yet answered.

 

 

CAPT. MYERS BACK FROM PEKIN.

Wounded in the Defence of the Legations, but
Has Recovered.

fax Proxetsco, Nov. 21.—Capt. J. T. Myers
arrived here to-day on the stoamethip Dorie
from China and will soon leave for Washing-
ton. Capt. Myers showa the effects of the trv-
ing experiences during the siege of the leca-
tions

Capt. Myera was wounded by a Chinese
spear and he had hardly recovered from. ite

effects when he was seized with typhoid fever.
His condition waa precarious, but he ts well
now. His wife met him at Nagasali

TWO OLD WOMEN MURDERLD.

One Was 75 and the Other 65 - Bodies Purned
and Their House Plundered.

ChanLtotTR, N. ©, Nov. 21- Mra. Violet
J. Collev, aged 75, and ber niece, Miss Jane
2. Catheart, aged 65, who lived alone ina far
house five miles from Charlotte, were miuirdere 1!
last night and their bodies burned in an out
building used asa kitchen. The motive of the
crime was robbery. A neighbor passed the
house this afternoon and noticed thet the
kitehen was in ashes. Seeing no signe of lite
about the place, he iivestigated and found that
the house had been plindered A’sermeh of
the ; ales of the burned building disclosed the
remains of the two women

The women were euppo-ed to posses. lms
of money. The h uso sowed that it hid been
rans céed,

PLAYWRIGHT HOYT LEFT A WILT
.

Disposing of an Estate of Between 8300,000
and 6400,.000.

At the office of Howe & Hurmmel it was said

that the deceased playwright,

Hoyt, left a will, which was exe-

yesterday
Charles H

euted before he became deranged = Thev
esiimate his estate at between {9.00 ad
00, 0 They would not disehme: — the
terms of the will It was said that the
will would be opened after the funeral
at a conference of James ©. Lyferd and

Frank MeKea, who ate now at Charlestown,
NH. He left no near relatives and withoat a
will his estate would probably have esecheated
to the State of New Hamps'ire

LIEUT. ALTSARTTER RELEASED.

Had Been a Prisoner to the Filipinos for Abont

Three Months.

Gaitox, Ohio, Nov. 21.-A cablegram was
received here by the family of Iieut. F. W.
Altsactter of the United States Engineering

Corps, announcing that he has been liberated
by the insurgents and that he will start for
home soon. Lieut. Altsaetter was captured
about three months ago while building a rai!-
way near Manila. He was acting as the super.
intendent of the survey, He has been confined
at Korona Mountains, North Luzon, under
charwe of Col, Pedson. A message yeaterdas
anid that he had made a request for money and
clothing and that those lad been sent to his
prison,

STEAMSHIP COMES IN ON FIRE.

 

Barning Cotton tn the Hold of the Hemisphere,
Which Pats in at Newport News,

Norrouk, Va, Nov. 21 - The British steamer
Hemisphere arrived at Newport News this
afternoon Sheisonfire in No $ hold, in which
there are 1.4% hales of cotten The hatches
are covered, not ret having been opened, and
the extent of the fire is therefore not yet know!

Boston Not an ‘East Wind City."’

Bostox, Mase, Nov. 21-In spite of the
popular fallacy that Boston fs an east wind
city, L. F. O. Smith of the Weather Bureau haa
submitted figures in reply to a request. from
Mayor Hart to prove that it is not The Mayor
applied to the Weather Bureau for wind fix-
ures for three years” The tible sent showed
that during 1887, 1898 and 1896 Boston felt the
east wind only 10.40 per cent. of the time. while
the percentages in favor of aoxithwest, weat
and northwest winds were 2048 20.23 and 1808
respectively

 

 

 

Frother of John Sherman Dead.
Des Mornes, Ta., Nov. 21.- Mr. L.. P. Sherman

of this city, brother of the late Jolin Sherman,
died this evening,

Fighty-five Clubs

| are within from two to fifteen minutes of the New

York Central's Grand Central > tation, New York.
No wonder ciub men travel on the New York Central.
~ Adr

 

Evans’ Ale and Stout,

Row for creamy bead, meilow flavor and smack,

 

=

rick TWO CENTS.

) SOUBRETTE ROW ROBS HIM

[OF HIS SHTGOLED DIAMONDS AND

TRADES GUERIN: WILD.

He Was Arrested as a Maniac When He Rares
Out of the (louse Inte the Street, After
Getting Over a Dose of Kaockout Dreps

Vollce Looking for the McCarthy Ootht.

Charles Guerin, who aave he is a Bragilian
td arrived here iast Monday from
Avres, vin Lngiand told the police
that on ‘Tueeday olabt he waa in-
veidedintoa tat ia oSoubrette How,” in Weet
' Thirty-ninth street, by a blonde young woman
whem he had met in the «teeet, and there rob-
bedos @ lod worl otleweln and$00 a money,
Guerin had a heap of trouble tn making the
nderstend that he had been robbed,

oweller
Brenos
vewtordbey

“ iow
and before he succeeded he had been arrested
a4 a tnanive ond taded to the West Thirty-

hie underclothes.
' There a painstaking and patient sergeant, by
 dintoof much aquevtioning and gesticulating,
levrned speaks French
and Spanis but his English is much
broken

He arrived, he eave, on the steamship New
York and the Hotel Lorraine, a
lodwing house at Macdougal street and Clinton
place He says that ina wallet which he car-
ried in ils trousers he had g500in Ameri-
can money, and in a leather pouch in an in-
side waisteout pocket a brooch containing
six diamonds and « sapphire, a diamond neck-
lace containing sixteen stones and a pearl
and diamond bracelet He also declares that
he carried as personal adornment a gold watch
and chain and a eolitaire diamond ring of one
and three-quarter carata Guerin eaya that
he came here to sell this jewelry and to see
the country He paid no duty on the jewelry

He spent part of Monday night and the fol-
lowing forenoon looking over the lower part
of the cit On Tieaday night the glamor
of the eleetclo lights on upper Broadway caught
While he was walking near Thirty-
shortly before midnight, he was
| aceoted by the voung woman, who beamed
upon hin, and before he knew it, hed him
|

seventiy street ostetion tn

his tors (onerin

Nuentiv,

went to

pocket

his eve

A hind strect,

by thearm and was leading bim down the street.
They stopped in front of 28 West Thirty.
ninth street and the woman managed to make

| him understand that she lived there, Wheo

she led the way upstairs, he followed Reach-
ing the top floor she opened a door of the cast
flat and the Brazilian followed her into the
room, She locked the door carefully. 6 Then
she offered him a drink. He took it and lost
cons chousness °~

Sonw time later he awoke in bed in a dark
room. Some one was removing his diamond
ring from his finger That was what awak-
ened hin Guern Jumped out of bed and
a@roped hie way through the darkness, but
could find no one in the flat. tis clothing
lay on a chair but his valuables were gone
Halsing a window he shouted for help. No
one seemed to heed his cries and he made for
the hall, velling at the top of his voice. Ile
ran down the four flights of stalre and Into
the street in hia underclothes, At Ligtth
avenue he dashed past Policernan Doeas cry.
tng for help. Doess thought he was a ined
man, made after him and took him to the sta-
tion

Serat. Kurns sent the man back to the Thirty.
ninth street flat with two policemen, with in-
structions to_arresat the ooenpants When they
reached the flat at 4 A. M. it was deserted

The police say that the woman who had the
flat is Known as Emma McCarthy and as Emma
Hinith. She and a man who is known as Mo-
Carthy hired the furnished flat two weeks ago
from Charles Moffat, who runs the flits on this
block known as Soubretia Row. When the
McCarthy woman took powersion she told tha
owner that she wae going to have a man ani
woman bourder foratime. Fora week anothes
couple known a8 O'Brien abared the fiat with
her, but they went away a few day® ago

Yesterday afternoon two letters were deliv.
eredat the fat, oneaddressedto “JamenO'Hrien,
enre of McCarthy,” and another directed to
“Mise Emma MeCarthy.” On the back of the
latter letter waswritten, “If not deliveredreturn
24 aoon as poraible to Mra. Lever of 345 Twenty
second street, Brooklyn.”

Mrs Lever is the woman's elster, Rhe said
last night that "omma‘’s real neme is Neilson
Her tather, a retired fireman, who owned A
sinall house in Twenty-third street, Brooklyn,
dhed a week ago vesterday. Mra, Lever made
an attempt to fing her stster then and fnuliy
discovered that <ho was living ina fiat at yiah
street and Third avenue The sister intro.
duced Tom Me carthy ae her hershand Grern
eaves that if the property which he alleges so
stulen from him is not recovered he will commit
suicide If it is recovered the Custom House
willlook afterit

Cuerin did not occupy bis room at the Hotel
Lorraine on Monday night and nothing was
seen of bini on Tnesday morning

“He came here this morning,” said Mr. Lor.
raine, the pronrietor, last right, “and told me
that he hade't been robbed of $3,090 and a big
| of precious etones on ‘Tuesday nleht. I don't
i) know whether he hod the money or not, bus
1 do know that he had shown me his diamon ts
The only baggage he had was a fitte hial
} satchel He told me that he wouldn't be abis
to pay his Gill and he turned over the sey bo
}
|
|

hos room”
ROBERTS HURT BUT NOT SERIOUSLY.

Ills Horse Fell Sunday and He Was Somewhat
Shaken.
Special Cadle Desparch to THE SUN
The Telegraph sars that
Mr. Brodrick, Secretary of State for War,
has received a message from Gen. Pobrrts
saying that his horse fell on Sundar, and that
but sustained no
interfere wita

Lonpon, Nov. 22

he was tomewhat shaken,
injury The accident did not
his duties in the loast

The other papers print similar despateies
frou private sources

INSANE WOMAN JUMPS TO DEATH.

From Roof,
Mrs. Flizabeth Lach, a patient in the Eesex

|
| CUmbed Throngh Acyinm Window and Plange3
County Hospital for the Insene, South Orange

avenue, Newark, killed herself yesterday morn

'
ing by Jumping from a three-story extension
jot the big building She secreted herself
| a clothes closet of the washroom before break.
fast time and when allof the other getiens d
wone to breakfast she opened the window
gud of the closet and stepped out upon the
poof She crept along a narrow gutter to the
threcestory extension and plunged down into
the yard) The window from which she ee
caped had a wire guard but it was not locked
Stes Bach, who was 80 years old, was the
wife of Frederick Bach of 80 Lillie street, a
ciwarmaker

BRYAN'S OHIO VOTE.

 

 

 

 

It Is Announced as Exactly That Which He
Keceivod Four Years Age.

Cormanate, Obie, Now 21 -The count of
the vote on the Presidential Electors and sf&ite
oMicers by etatisticlans in the oMece of the Sec
retary of State, which will stand aa the officiel
vote, was completed this morning The vote
jor President waa AlcKinley, $43,018; Bryan,
475,882

The figures show the remarkable fact the
Bryan received exactly the same number o
votes in Ohie that he received tour veare age
This is withont a parallel in the elections of

|
|
Ohio and probably in the United Btates

 

IRON MOUNTAIN TRAIN HELD UP.

 

Cannon Ball Passenger Stopped and the
Express Messenger W ded.
Litti® Rocr, Ark, Nov, 11. The &t. Lovie-
Found Iron Mountain ce :nnon ball passenger

trai, which was due here at 6 P. M. was held up
at Giffor |, fifty mies south of Little t ock, gaa
the express mi sec ger dungerously wounde4,

—— - -

 

Fell 975 Feet in an Flevator Shift.

Horace Van Blunt, a negro, 35 years old,
fell down an elevator shaft 75 feet vesterday

in the new building of the Pridential Insurance
Company at Newark, tlediedinan ambulane
on the wav to the City Hospital. Hoe ie the
third deat) oecurring from falls in the new
building within twelve darts

Toe Train for P tisburg.

The “Putsbure lomited” via Heltimore @ Obto
Rairoad Leave New york South Perry, 6.55 P af.
f verry atrest 7 “v P.M. er i: Pittsbure 4S8 A OM.

rete ass fare, $0.00, seooud class, $6.60, ws
wain.— Ace al

=