i
‘

en eR re

4
CONPERENCE OF RELIGION, |

INTE RPSTING DTS SATONS AT THE ste
S108 besten

Hepresentaticoeal Piftecn frecaminations Pree

« Canaidered Vester
dines Ate te He on

 

ent) theoretical top
day Only Practical

the Programme Prom thte time at
ihe New J ‘t ' ‘
t e+

which baat i f '
ae fro ‘ ' reite for
for the furtherance of reliabe ' ‘ 1;
* jal it f mal
fu parth pated ' here
denominations held three mae yeaterd
there being two top for d lasion at en
” ' [wo paper were read on eact
ect and then a abort discussion followed int
wl pany one was at liberty to an Lhe |
morning and affertiuon s@ssiona were held in| t
t s,vembly Hall of the United Charities |
buddind and the aflendance at both of them

was latee fhe undenominational character

of the conference waa shown in Chose selected
to read papers
at the morning wession, at whieh the Hey

Samuel T. Carter presided, the subjects of
papem were Keligion the Life of God in the
Soulof Man," and The Possibilities of Common
Worship Papers on the first were read by
the Hev. WoC) Gannett and Prof. W ilter Hats. |
enbusch, both of Rochester Phorty minutes |
Prof Hacechetbusel
confere noe

‘
were given toeach paper
enaid it was Ssignuificant that the
devoted only one day to discussing theories
of religions life and all the rest to the practical
side dhis be said, was a
direetion

The Revo KR
Episcopal Church
subject in which he made @ strong plea fol
common worship, which ne of the aims of
the conference. ‘The measure of the poste

+p in the riaht

Heber Newton of All Saints
read & paper on the second

   

 

bility ef common worshi Dr. Newt sad
was the measure of the possibility of nmou
said he, iS a4 common Necet

life Worship,”

sity of all men. Worship as we first find it was
common with one famil,, one tribe, one chan,
one city, one State, Member f ail these
ascending groups had a common worship be-
case they had @ coumion bile As the selise
of a common life grows and expands, the sense
of a possible eormonu worship &rows with it
But the fact that common worship holds possi-
bilities for the common life of man makes it

a question of the highest Importance to Tutne
kind 4J] earnest souls are dreaming of relie
gious unity Luity is the great generalization

nihetic, All the

pdom are making

of the age. Tt & becoming
liberadizing factors in Cliriste
Jor it

The Rev. Henry Be
Jewish rabbi, to whom the same

tz, D. D., of Phila-

rkewi

delplia,

 

  

wibject was assigned, said that unity was
hevessary but t vuitormity. He warned
agaiust te lust and said J rust worship as@
Jew. you i it Christian, Bondage kills in-
dividuality. His remarks were warmly ap-
plauded

The Rev. Thomas Bh, Slicer presided at the
afternoon sessiou and papers were read by
Prof, Selunidt of Corneil Lniversity, the Rev,
Dr, Bavten, rector of St. Mark's Episcopal
Chureh, the Rey. Peres S. Grant of the Church
of the ension and President B. P, Kaymond
of Wesleyan University. The subjects for
discussion were “Political Ideals of the Bible,”
and “Demands « & Nation Conscious of a
Moral Mission br
the first cu relation to the Old ‘Testament,
sali tat in places in the Old Testament the
idea of internatoual legislation, arbitration
and cisarmnament were plainly suggested

and were not marred much by such an un-
essential feature at the location of the world's
capital at Jerusalem and the appointment
acle givers of a single people as the
Supreme Court of mankind, These political
fdeuls of the Hebrew Bible, he said, should
be studied with a discriminating judgment
ts to the relative value of each group. When
the alloy of what was only temporarily and
lovally was removed, he added,
they might materially aid in purifying our own
ideals whether these be the result of a preponder-
atingly or progressive natural
disposition

Dr atten in discussing the political {deals
of the New lestament held that none was
shown in it, the idea through it being that the
State wos outside the Church “An illustration
of this view being held to-day,” he sald, “is
shown in @ matter of recent comment, 1
refer to Bishop Potter's letter to the Mayor.
The Bishop called upon the Mayor to remedy
@ certain condition of things. He did not say
it was his duty butthe Mayor's duty, and we
all knew what his answer would be to the letter
of the police board when they asked him to
do the work He said it was their business
That is the relation between Church and Btate
Gur

of the o

toustifiable

conservative

held largely by the Jews City govern-
ment is baud enough, but Jesus lived under a
government no better than ours What was
his attitude toward it? His stlence
toward the corruption of the government was
extraordinary, the reason being that His
kingdom Was not of this world, but of the next,
and he had not come to establish a State here
Uf we could ever succeed in getting the King-
dom of Heaven just @ little bit started in our
dity there would be an oecasion for a rebuke
to our Mayor’

The Kev. Verey 8, Grant read a paper on
“The Demands on a Nation Conscious of a
Moral Mission” He said that nations had
suffered no loss of reputation for assigning
mora! causes for action, Sometimes, he said,
they had a keever responsibility than people,
but usually it was the other way. “When,”
he said, “as it happens in the case of America,
@ country is founded upon great moral prin-
ciples, then by the same teriis of Ite birth it is
found to have a eense of moral mission. Its
very existence is @ mission to establish its ideas
which it has declared to be more valuable
than life itself.”

Mr. Grant declared that the weak point in
a moral mission had always been its individ-
ualism, The person who had it, or the nation
who had it, insisted upon being the judge of
the truth and right of the mission, Every
horror, he said, from the Inquisition to the
assassination of King Humbert had been the,
result of an ex cathedra declaration of whut

constituted taoral re sponsibility
President Raymond of Weslevan

Silence

|
|
|
|

University

 

said that if We a8 A nation were conscious of | .

 

a moral mission What comeciousness was our
richest possession. “How many.” he asked
“of the 15,000,000 ballots cast in the last election
were vilalived with @ moral mission’ We
have @ large venal yote and @ large vote that |
expresses little mire t party lovalty Ondy
@ remnant vote# tor rivhfeousness. The first

    

 

duty to correct thease esroms is to instruet, to
deepen and ration ” e mo conscious. |
hess Jt is an yet ‘ial, for the average |

Atizen baa a very fe ind fluctuating hold |

      

upon tie principles ¢ lerlie the nation |
Lust evening's the «

was held in All So Twentieth str |
th avenue e oof the suabye |

do owas the ew ag Classes in a

1) bred * Howard Wines i

is OMee in Washington, in hie peiper

ect declared this class to te enn

vz forees of evil f their own ag

ment, whe seek to advance their
by the pubilie service and who believe |

at elections I last in this

country, Dr Wines said, was ”

had

  

   

   
 

nagerted that he » Sipe |
fldeuce in the effleacy of leg 14
evils Tt ow # fo 1 as tar as it
and aay tod Toy ser ent .
e@s te alter hummar i
thon he wished he tad said
efforts to bring atuut f
Were too often followed by a reactions |
4 Iowa ¢ one
|
e ore d, |
ils or the Hite or the
jrlee ' } .
The vo tunds |
vit
t said br fen
a vet lie |
wh tot te ' frets |
@toudh ta ther |
atittet Noer ~
{ juined of rol
ther ered |
1 s ‘ \ule |
wile ‘
\ s
wl rred
the dana
ne tathve ! @ people w tt ble hester ‘i ‘
ofall Ifthe republe ever does. ter onesie ft
OF permanent! feoover inte an emp an
aristocracy or ohligarey or a plutoeracy, ft

Wil be Lecause imperialists or aristocrats or

 

  

 

  

 

 

      
 

 

biuteerate = hov@ht ,« ed the teachera
and preachers and « ! Aaneetous
claae ina reporlbbe te ' tle creator
of the idea f the peor he (\eachere
re her ' Heo fiortt ‘
Vary teott thy the ue he “ ©
houg ) the
Lerne e ley ed
bir tw “ '
hve ! .
yet ! |
al * he t
tg
live
1 nis na ‘ t
!
' Kee ty |
Met \" '
td tanger nit « repute
ind é bone ‘ ath wh
i ' tt styl fot ' «
“ tr t kf
the hina “cla | | Hild tet
! lender | ' i
Hemedguarte ft
! re lik have been f ! had
i { t the € banibe foonnmerce dinner
‘ « or odon the sidewalk and watched !
' Jainoney parade
lt 6 fem whee aires in are
rent favor of the sir tac nod an attaek
nm troste and what he oa Welt wealth
Thee dhe lor Thomas K wr "nh account
of the absence of tr Wa on Gladden of
Columbus read the latter's paper whieh was
hiv ene nth ther « it wab of the even
ine In discussing the relation of rellaion and
deniwoora Or Gladden held that there was a
erowing lack of respect for the law, due, he
believer too the tarization of ir though te
thot eovernment The oppresston of
me lass hy thother and the g-
efewation ot erornens wealth wee
great tnenace Some power, he as ented,
Was needed to overcome the coifltienees whieh
ere now assiling the very foundation of the
Lorntil retort he d, “takes on the
Htiniel elistios of t Min ifs reed

      

iffmirs of State, dee
there can

ry inthe
tof indisidiwal will
be no Clear assurance of saving health to the
nation ”

The Conference will end to-r
at the Brick } beter Church at which
Comptroitier Coler and others will make ad-
(Presses the Chureh in polities and the aun
of the Conference

This afternoon Governor and Mrs. Roosevelt
received the delegates at the Executive Cha
ber. The next annual meeting of the Cons
ference willbe held in New York cits Officers
will be elected to-morrow At to-tight’s sese
sion, the Rev. Phornas L. Kinkead of Peekesl
chairman of the Committee on the Care ot
fective, Dependent, Delinquent and Nee
Children, presented the report of lis cont
He said

We recommend more stringent laws or the
better enfoter of those already visting
in referet tbandonment of ehildre
and dreater wilformity in dealing with ehild
throughout the state, especially the establisi:
ment of children’s courts, particularly in larwe
cities, that these children may, as much as pos-
sible, be removed from object legeons in pen-

than the corus

    

eht ata meeting

  
  

 

    

 

 

  

    

 

ology and contact with erme. The redigion
of the succored should be considered in aiding
children

The topio of the paper read by Jr) William
O. Stillman of Albany, was What causes

are leading to the commitment and surrender
of children as 4 charge upon the publle by
warents or others? Can any of these causes
te removed, and If so, how?” Dr. stillman’s
paper caused an interesting discussion, in
view of the fact that he does not believe inthe
establishment of any more charitable Institue
tions

Tickets for Yale-Harvard Game Cleverly Coun-
terfeited.

New Haven, Nov. 21. The Yale Football
Association has discovered that the tickets
for Saturday's game have been counterfeited
in @ manner so clever as to baffle detection.
Spurious tickets have been found here in New
Haven, and more are reported to be on sale

in New York in large quantities. This dis-
covery came about in an interesting man-
her The football assoctation two weeks

ago declared thatevery Yale man must promise
that his tickets Would not be sold to speculators

This morning the association found the city |

   

full of speculators They examined the tickets
end to 1 that the association gave some
of these tickets to G. G. Murphy, ‘v2
of Bridgeport, Conn, and F TO Mason,
“02, of grooklyn, N. Y., both sub-
stitutes on the football  teain Others

of the GUchets belonged to Po ME MeClenahan,
A post-xraduate from Pittsburg@ The asso.
ciation at ones published the fact that these
men had heen guilty of speculating in seats
Thie brought about the disclosure that che
tickets which the speeulators bad and which

 

  

corresponded to those eiven to Mason and
Murphy were counterfei Phis evening
Manager Uisvon of the toothall team issued

the following stutement

“We have learned on authority which we
cannot doubt that a New York firm has coun-
terfelted our tlekets. The work has heen done
skilfully, We ore not certaln whether our
Gates have been stolen or duplioites made

e will do everything in our power to detect
forged tickets. The only advice we can give
the publie is that any person who buys of a
eapeculator does so at his own risk. We will
by sorne ineaiis see to it at the bona flde tick-
efa are honored af the gates on Saturday and
the counterfelts dishonored ”

STATE AND ALIEN POOR.

Byron M. Child Saves Those Able to Work
Should Be Forced to Labor.

ALBANY, Nov. 12.—One of the most iinportant
among the many toples of interest considered
by the Charities conference to-day was “Insti-
tutional Care of Destitute Adults" The report

 

 

of the committee was presented by Byron
M Child, Superintendent of the State and
Alien Poor, at this afternoon's session. On

Jan. 1 there were 7,302 people in homes for the
aged and friendless, 18.155 in almahouses
1,611 disabled soldiers and sallors, & 229 } oapltal
patients and 1,868 reformatory inmates (fe-
males)

The law for the relief of the poor unable to
work,” says the report, shaula be strictly
congtrued 60 that admission may be refused
those able to work, but unwilling, and others
of various character who may seek a home in
the Wmshouse, If they will not work volun-
tarlly for thelr own support the State should
send them toa penal institution and therein,
by forced labor, compel them to contribute
toward their own maintenance.”

Adolph H. Goetting, Comn issioner of Pub-
Ne Charities in Brooklyn and Queens boroughs,
spoke on the classification of adult depen-
dents Capt. Dantel Delehanty, governor of
Sailors’ Snug Harbor at West New Brighton,
reviewed the work performed by that insti-
tution

 

Secretary Wilson Addresses the National Grange

WasdiInaron, Nov. 21.—Secretary of Agri-
culture Wilson addvessed the membera of the
Nulicnal Grange meeting here to-day. He
paid An eloquent tribute to the work and in-

 

 

 

 

luence of the patrons of husbandry {n pro-
TOO! lug the interests of the farmers and of the
4€@rieuitural industry of the country. Of the
exports of this country for 100, he said, 61
per ca were products of the farm. In our
NOW possessions exports from Ubis counters
Arnounted to $45,000,000 in lv0o, While in) 1she
they were $13,000,000 The amount of agri.

  

tural products ea portad to these possessions
1 during this period from $6,000,000

GOLD SEAL.

“SPECIAL DRY.” “BRUT.”

Champagne

America's Best

Cold seilmay be place don
the table of the most fasud

 

 

ous conmol-seur without fear
f ert inoor comparson
wit a thiported cham-
paige

Then why poy twice as
' for foreign labels?
Cirder a cise for Thinkseiv-

he Ask forit at your club

and cate GOLD SEAL is
sold tv al first-class grocers
and Wioe merchants

URBANA WINE CO.,
trbona, voY

 

Telephones In Manhattan and
the Bronx.

Telephone Service

Savestxpense at your OF FICE,
Brings Business toyour STORE,
Adds tu Your Comfort at HOME,

Rates In Manhattan, from $5.00
a Month.

One year contracts. Monthly payments.
NEW YORK TELEPHONE Co.
18 Dey Street. 1 Wi Ath St.

   
 
   

 

elle <enstsnesee-eeenshsenneenee

a

Ce

1 Pierce of New York city, $487,000, |

+ Mexice

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.

THEIR AALARIES INADFOUATE

Conaree Will Me haked to Increase the Par of
Aestetant Seeretartes

 

Wisin Neon lruring the coming
tet Congress the nn ttees on apne
joiatote will be aeked ¢ doree a movement
for inereseting the ealartes of the Asstetant
Reoretar f the executive departments it
hashewn felt f wore thee Chat thease aalarier
which ate wer than thowe of bitemu chiels,
ale ate for the reaponatible positions

which the Aeeistant Secretaries hold and should
be inerenwed, and in view of the general prom
perity ol the countes and the recent Mepublican
ty, ik ie thonght by mae of them that

4 Proper tinge to pout Che inorease into oper
ation Many f the Assistant Secretaries are

called ipou to aet as Cabinet offleers in every.
thing exeapt formalconsultation with the Prest-
dent during the temporary absence of thelr
chiefe Some of them are paid $4,500 per fn
num, but several of them receive less bor
instance, Assistant Secretary El whe acts
as Secretary of State in the absence of Mr

  

Hay, receives but $4,500, and Mr Adee and Mr
Cridijer $4,500, The various Assistant Post.
jiasters-General, although each at different

tines has been ealled upon to assume the
duttes of the head of the department, receive
only $4,000 per annutn, $2,000 leas than that of
the postinaster at Washington

The Assiatant Secretaries of the Treasury
ure pald $4,600, and those tn the War and Navy
Department @4.500 Tf has been onl: within

recent vears that the Secretaries of War and
th

we Navy have had assistants, and even now

v have but one aplece The first Assistant
Seeretary of the Interior is paid @4.400 and the
Assistant Seeretary only #40000 Assistant Sec-
retary of Agriculture Bingham receives $4.50
Tt is proposed that the snlaries of the Assistant
Secretaries shall be fixed at $6,009, or, failing
that, at $5,000

    

POPULATION OF NEW YORK.

Bureau Announces It as 7,268 012
Greater New York, 3,487,402.
Wasninagron, Nov 21--The Census Bureau
to-day announced that according to the official
count of the returns of the twelfth census the
population of the State of New York La 7,268,012,
13 A@list fieures
show an ine

Census

6.785% in 1800) These

rewe inthe populatron of the State

 

 

sinee 1890 of 1.270.159, or 211 per cent The
Population ino 1880) was 5,082,871, showing an
Increase of O140s2. of 18 per cent from isso
toisse The population by counties follows
Albany 145.571 Onelda ‘ 42,400
Allegany 41.50) | Onondaga... 168,735
Broome 6¥.149  Ontariu.... 40.609
Cattaraugus 45.643 Orange . 103,659
Cayuge 64.234) Orleaps..... 40,164
Chautauqua SS.314 Oswego .. 70,581
Chemung 64.063 Olwego.... 46,090
Chenango 36.568 Putnain.... 18,787
Olinton 47,480) Queens 152,400
Colum bia 45,211 eneeciner. .. 121,47
Cortiaud 27,576 Richmond 67,021
Delaware 46,418 Rockiaud 6, 204
Dutchess... Ai.670 St. lawrence 49,083
Erle ‘ 433,686 Saratoga 61,059
Easex 40,707 Schenectady 44,452
Franklin. 42,453 Schoharie 26.654
Pulton 42,442 Schuyler 15,811
Genesee 54,561 Seneca 25,114
iteene . 31,478 | Steuben 82,822

amilion 4,047 Suffolk 77,582

erkimer.... 61,040) Sullivan $2,306
efferson . 76,748 Toga... 27,06
Kings 1,166,682 Tomphing... 83,453
lewle 27,427) Uleter 86,422
TAvingaton 37,050 Warren é 20,043
Madison 40,545 Washington 45,624
Monroe 217.584 Wayne 44,400
Montgomery 47.458 Westchester 188,375
Naseati 55,445 Wyoming 0,418
New Yoru 2,050,600 | Yates 20,318
Niagara 74,061

NO REQUESTS FOR A WARSHIP,

 

But Steps Have Been Taken to Protect Ameri-
can Interests in Central America,

WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.—No requests from
diplomatic or consular officers of the United
States in Colombia to send a warship to protect
American interests in the most recent outbreak
of hostilities on the Isthmus of Panama have
been received by the Goverument, but arrange-
ments previously made will insure adequate
American naval representation tn Colombian
waters Very soon. The crubker Bancroft is
now on her way to the east coast of the isthmus
on surveying duty and will be available for any
service that may be required of her on the At-
lantic side, while Admire! Schley has the cruiser
Chicago farther down the coast and will be
joined by the cruiser Atlanta very soon,

The cruiser v puedes and the battleship
Towa are preparing at Mare Island for a winter
cruise along the west coast of Central and
South America, and will be ready soon to start
for Panama if they ate needed, (On the whole,
the naval officiala are very well satisfled with
the state of their preparedness to safexuare
the interests of the United States in Latin
Atnerica

SUSPENDING EXCHANGE OF BONDS.

 

Secretary Gage Gives Notice That Refunding
Operations Will End on Dec. 32.

WASHINGTON, Noy, 21... The following is Sec-
retary Gage's circular suspending refunding
operations:

“Referring to the clreular of March 14, 19%,
known as the ‘Refunding Circular,’ which in-
vited the attention of owners of Ul united States
8 per cent, bonds, loan of 1vo8-1918, 4 per cent
bonds, funded loan of 1v07, and 5 per cent.
bonds, loan of 1904, to the provisions of the
act of March 14, 1900, relative to the exchange
of auch bonds for 2 per cent. consols of 1y30,
as authorized by suidact, public noticels hereby
given that it is the purpose of the Department
to suspend refunding operations under the
above circular All persons interested are
therefore, hereby notified that bonda Intended
for exchange into 2 per cent. consols of 1930
mnust be forwarded for that purpose not. later
than Dee, 81, 1900 The eireular of | March
14,10), is hereby rescinded to take effect: in
accordance with the provisions of thie cirenlar.”

Health of Troops tn the Philippiaes.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 —Surgeon-General
George M. Sternberg thie morning received
the following letter from Major L. Bo Grandy,
surgeon of the Thirty-fifth Infantry, stalloned
at Balinag, Phillppine Islands

“The health of our troops continues good
in spite of irresponsible reports in the Ameri-

can newspapers to the contrary. This at
least ia. a very healthful portion of the island
of Luzon, and barring certain skin lesions

incident to a soldier's life in thls climate T

don't think the sickness among the troope
has exceeded that among the volunteers [n
the States fwo vears ago

tnelidin the
killed in action there have been fewer Seathe
in the Thirty-fifth Infantry in @ year's ser-
viea than in the regiment that T wae connected
with two years ago in eight months. LT think
it likely that this is substantially true of ott
eomtpands over here, excepting perhaps | @
killed fn action

Kids for the New Custom House Bullding.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 The Supervising
Architect of the Treasury opened bids ot his
offee at 2 o'clock to-day for the excavations,
foundations, basement walls and structural
steel of the new Custom House Building at
New York city There were thirteen bids ree

od, as follows

Pod. Carlin & Co. of Brookivin, @566,997
Charles MeCaul of Philadelphia, $454,027) John
souls Weehs-
Preseott & Buck.

    

 

ler of New York city, 128,500

ley Construction Company of Plattst ure, \.Y.,
€450,000, Grace & Hyde Company of New York
elty, $424,000, Charles T) Wills of New York

nan Norer Brothers of New York

   
      

 

Reilly of New York
Mopper & Son of New
1. 1. beach & Son of Chi-
Whitney, Jr, & Co of New
» and the Hydraulie Con-
ny of New York city, 6405,000

The

Is:

 

York
atm

   

The Armor Contract Ready for Approval,

WashiInaTON, Nev 2h The minor pointe
left unsettled at the ttine the main features of
or agreement was adjusted
have b euliefactorily arranged and the om.
ealcomes of the contract have been forwarded
to the Carnegie and Bethlehen: companies for
approval, The Navy Department is endeavor-
ing to get the two armor-making firms to reduce
the prices they ask for several hundred ton of
armored bolts and nuts to be used in bui ding
Theelovennew batCleships and armored crutsers

the ®15.000,000 arn

 

Movements of Nava! Vessols.
The cruiser Phila-
Tiiego for San

Wisninaro~n, Nov 21
delphia has sailed from San
Pranciseo, the provision shin Glacier from
Brisbane for Bydneyv and the eruiser Atlanta
from San Juan for Barbadoes

The tue Potomac has arrived at Norfolk
» flawehip Chicago te in need of an over-
! will deck at Buenos Ayres about

 
  
  

T

 

ha ev an
Tees

Treaty With Mexico.
An additional article
to the treaty between the United States and

extending for one year the time within
which the survey and definition of the water

W \sHINGTON, Nov 21

| boundary between the two countries must be

completed, was signed at the State Department
to-day by Secretary Hay and the Meaican Aime
bassader, Sefhor Aspiroz.

|

 

{ the US. Health Report

AN ARMY OF 100,000 MEN,

COVORESS WITT HR ASKED 10 AL THON
7h Hat Ven

The Plans for Aringing Mame the Votunteere
from the Philippines Will He Saaepended

Vending the Action of ( ongress
Waeitincre ‘ i Al) preparations
for Dringig home tt ‘ nteer troops now

Inthe PM li ppines baee been euepended pending
the action of Congress with reference to the
Ariny Meorganization till ft ie now almost

of transporting the vol

ited States will tot be

certain that the work
Uiteerm back to the tr

@in until about dan 4 Hhefore qoiha te Cuba
Neoretary Hoot directed that the oMfetale of
the War Depurtraent look into the subject

With @ View to bringing i( to his attention early
in January

Recent reports from the Philippines, includ.
ing Gen MacArthur's declaration that he eould
hot epare any of the military force now in
the archipelago, lias convinced the War De.

partment authorities that there can be noe

‘mand

| kames, GoD

material reduction of the troops in the Philip. |

pines for some tine, and that every volunteer

regiment will have to be replaced if returned
to the United States To do this will require
the passawe by Congres of a bul autborizing
an army of about 100,000 men, and the present
iutention of the Secretary of War in to have
presented to Congress as soon a8 possible a
mii for the reorganization of the army. it is
expected that by Jan 1 it will be apparent
what Conwress will do along this line, and the
War Department officials can then plan for a
ors reorwanization of the military force
nothe Philippines Plans for this reorsaniza-
tion conteinplate @ most active campaign
Nothing ts to be neglected which will ald In the
Blamping out of the reninants of the insur-
went army

Man) of the regular

   

regiments have been
in the Philippine service ever since the first
expedition under (ien, Anderson arrived at
Manila. These will, in all probability, be allowed
to return to the United States and their places
filled by fresh troops that have been resting
{n this country = It i purposed to have a gen-
eral cleaning up of the military organization
in the Phillp nes 60 as to continue active
operauions with fresh troops, instead of those
who have to some extent become run down
by reason of tropical service. As rapidly as
possible all the sick soldiers will be returned
to the United States, and only those of ex-
cellent health will be allowed to remain in the
regimeuts that are to stay in the islands It
is not expected that any additional regiments
whieh Congress might authorize will be re-
eruited in the Philippines from among the
volunteer regiments now there, as this plan
wus tried when ‘5.000 volunteers were au-
thorized and comparatively few men reén-
listed

Reports from reeruiting officers in thiscountry,
however, show that there will be no trouble
whatever to secure men to raise the Regular
army to 100.0¢0men Whether Secretary Root
will ask for this number or more cannot be
learnedas yet He will take the matter under
consideration early next week on his return
from Cuba, and by the time Congress meets
will probably have a bill ready to present
Congress authorizes the increare it Will be plain
sailing tn planning for a continuation of active
operations, but it is declared by the highest
army officials that unless Congress does author-
ise anarmy of about 100.000 men nothing can be
accomplished in the Philippines, as no more
Regular troops can be spared from this country
for tropical service, and the numberof Regulars
in the islands will be far from sufficient to effect.
ually supprees disorders during the period of
reconstruction now going on under the direction
of the Philippine Commission

CHANGES IN COMMAND OF WARSHIPS.

Capt. Dickins Transferred From the indiana to
the Oregon -Capt. Wilde Ordered Home.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 important
changes in the command of naval vessels were
announced by the Navy Department to-day
Capt, George F. F. Wilde was ordered de-
tached from the command of the battleship
Oregon, now in China, and Capt. Francis ©
Dickins was ordered detached from the com-
mand of the battleship Indiana and assigned
to succeed Capt. Wiide in command of the
Oregon. Capt. J. M. Forsyth was
to assume command of the Indiana on Nov.
260 Capt. Dickins will sail from San Francisco
on Dee. 14 and on belong relieved Capt. Wilde

  
  

 

Some

ordered |

will return to the United States and wait or- |

dere

The detachment of Capt Wilde was due to
the fact that his tour of sea duty bed expired
His two years of sea Servier ex olired in October,
but he desired not to be detached until the re
sponsibility for the #rounding of the Oregon
of the Chinese coast while under his command
had been determined In accordance with the
findings of the Court of Inquiry Capt) Wilde
and his officers have been ce juitted of all blame
and he will leave the ship with a clear reeord

The detachment of Capt) Dickins from the
Indiana was due to a decison of the Navy De-
partrnient that officers on vessels in reserv
were not doing sea duty The Indiana is im
reserve at the League [sand Navy Yard and
Capt Dickins Is not enutled to) shore duty
Capt Brosyth has recently completed a eruise
on the flagship Baltimore and be will be ered-
ffed with shore sertlee while in command of
the Indiana

 

 

 

ONE CENT DAMAGES.

The Awardtothe Negro Who Was Ejected trom
the Opera House in Washington.

Waswinctox, Nov, 2h--One cent is the
amount the jury awarded to-day to William
T Ferguson, a negro, in hi« suit for $to,000
against Plymton B Chase for alleged illegal
ejectinent from the Grand Opera
Nov. 14, 1800. The testimony in the case was
subinitted to the jury yesterday afternoon, and
the jury wasinstructed by Justice Bradley
to return a sealed verdict thismorning.  Fer-

ison and two friends, when approached by
Chase in the Grand Opera House, were in the
aisle in the front row of the orchestra circle
He claimed to have had coupons entitling him
to occupy the seats, but they were found to
be the coupons of three matinge tickets for the
performance of the day previous Mr
when Ferguson was unable to prove his right
to retain the seats eceupled by himself and his
friends, informed him that the seats must be
vacat Ferguson refused to vacate the
seats unless compelled to do so by force. Mr
Chase then placed hie hand on Ferguson's
shoulder to remove Lin from his seat. The
latter was satisfied that force had been used
and he and bis companions left the theatre

House on

Brooklya Charch Opens a Moortsh Market.

[he prohlem of originatity in chureh fairs
hos heen well worked out by the Church of
the kpiphany, McDonough street and Tomp-
kins avenue, Brooklyn, whieh opened list
night its Moorish mardet ‘The pastor, the
Rey Dean Richmond Pabhitt, in apenine the
fair read latters which he hed received from
the Spanish ConeulGeneral, Seftor Navarro
the Porturruese ConsuleGeneral, Sefior Teveria,
ind from Mayor Ven Wyek

HYOME]

©

 

   

THE ONLY CURE

For CATARRH, BRONCHITIS,
COUGHS AND CONSUMPTION.

YOU BREATHE IT

se THAT'S ALL....

Your doctor will tell you that there ts no other rem
edy or treatment whitch can reach the diseased parts
ofthe throatand lungs (Of all the @ures for these
diseases, HY OMET is the only one ewer recog nieed by
Lesidesali this tt is guar
anteed and five days’ treatment sent free to any suf-

ferer
Ail druggists of sent by mail, Outfits $1. Trial
Outfits 25e,
R. T. BOOTH CO.,, Ithaca, N. Y.

Chase, |

|

| count in the yearly averages for the annual

{
|

HONK CITIZENS CNTON ATONERS
Henrs 1 Farrar deine the Anth Tarmmeanr
Movement Nreokinn Gives Mant Samer

Since the manifeete of the Citlrene’ Tinton
o@ing have

wae publlehed a week oo the f
ippros sidilree jew

elaned ther uv fhe

hd ON pt emmmwed hearty ¢ irrener

the plan vit linved
Manviarra Clarence '
Mhionherg, Mdwin Natdwin, Pde
hard, Frederick KH Condert
famee (1) Cromwell, Frank
! Detinold, dotho Pord
Mont@omery Hare, Charlee 1
S lannes, A oT) Julliard, J
William bo MeCord, Adolph Opentwn
Ortendorfer, Samuel He Ordway
OoStarr, Carl Schurz, Ste veneon Taylor
Tuckerman, Henry KO lowne, don
Warner
Heowe

herein
Vales hylies
rd ME tere
Hubert Gillis,
Willan
frank, J

leanc

lramroach
fuliua J
Hughes
Av@uetus Jolnaen,
Chewald
theodore
Havarad
DeWitt

Verry Po Williame, Herre F) Pusres
Broontys Frite Achella, A Abraham, Tru
Backus, James | Bennett, Frank |
Habbott, Theodore M Banta, George M Colt
Charles Curie, Edward FO Cragin, Sturges
Coffin, | Hampden Doughtary, Francia |
Fahnestock, George He Fisher,
John Gibb, A Austustus
Healey, Otto Kempner, Jobn Uo Ladd, James
Matthews, Joseph — MeGuinness James
MeMaho, William A. Perrine, Fdwin Packard
Francie WH) Pawe, F OBL Pratt, George DD Rich.
ards, S Perry Sturges, Georve IE Southard, Tir

Henry A Cioulden

Francie Hl Stuart, Benjamin F Seaver, Andrew
1, Tavlor, George Ko Turnbull, be POW. Wan
derlich, W. HH. Ziewler

It will be seen that Brooklyn is mow mitch

more adejuately represented When the ad-
creas was firet issued there lad not been time
enough to interview all the Brookivn people
The work of organization is energetically
woing forward and the offleers of the Union
Are inch encouraged by the larve number of

letters received at the headquarters, 42 Kast
‘Twenty-third street, approving the action of
the Union, and by the indorsement of the
press

NEW COMMITTEE OF 70.

Anti-Tammany Movement Already on Foot in
the Chamber of Commerce

A movement is on foot among the members

of the Chamber of Commerce to organize an-
other Committee of Seventy to fight Tammany
Haland vice Within a week a meeting will be
held at the Chamber of Commerce rooms to
effect an organization The leader of the move-
ment is Jacob H. Schiff and among his asac-
clatee are J Edward Simmons, President of the
Fourth National Bank, and Morris K. Jesup
As yet
of Commerce as a body. At the meeting to be
held the strength of the movement will be
ascertained. If a sufficiently large number
of the inembers of the Chamber of Commerce
are interest d the mott ro wil be formaly
resented at the next meeting of that body
Nhen that has been done the Chamber of
Commerce will appoint a sub-committee
to prepare plans for final action and
at a subpequent meeting the permanent com-
mittee will be selected It is proposed to have
this committee of seventy meinbere

The work of this Committee of Seventy will
be precisely the same as that of the committee
of 1844 that pushed the campaign of the late
William L. Strong for Mayor. It will work to
bring about harmony among the various organi-
zations, political and otherwise,

and will endeavor to secure the nomination of
a good municipal ticket and will put forward
every effort to secure it a vietory at the polis.

It was learned yesterdgy that the majority of
the members of the Chamber of Commerce
are in favor of the formation of a committee,
and hearty support has been promised for the
plan at the next meeting

The men who are known to heinterested in
the movement are disinclined to talk about the
project. Mr. Schiff, in resnonse to « nestions
rewarding the movement, sald:

am not ready to be interviewed on

subfect yet.”

this

TAMMANY COLONIZER,

Assembiyman-Flect Adler Asks the Governor
to Pardon Samuel Goldberger.

 

PARDON FOR

 

ArBRANY,Nov. 21 —Assemblyman-eleet Charles
Adler, who recently defeated Martin Fngel's
candidate for the Assembly in the Eighth dis-
trict of New York city, to-day headed a dele.
gation from his district before Gov. Rooseveit
fn favor of the application for a pardon fora
Tarsmany colonizer in that district. Mr
Acer never ollows his sympathies to be warped
by the polities of any of his constitutents when
they are in trouble, so he was here to-day asking
Gov. Roosevelt to pardon Samuel Goldberger,
who last December war sentenced to Sing ang
prison fora term of two years on the charge o
colonizing Mr Adier said that the
Tammany colonizers in his distriet usually
escapedand that this Was Goldberger'’s first of-
fenee tinder a threat that he must help the
I masa cause. The plea was also made
that Goldberger’s wife and six children are help-
less and that he has been punished sufliently

Mr. Adler also asked the Governor to pardon
Samuel Weisman of New York city, who in Feb-
ruary jast was sentenced to Sing Sing prison
for a term of three vears and eight months
for receiving stolen @oods

 

  

PERRY HELMONT RESIGNS

As a Governor of the Club Because His Name
Was Put on Croker's Flowers.

Perry Belmont sent this letter yesterday:
“Jion John Wo Neller, President of the Demoe
eratic Club
‘Deak Str: On my return to the eity | find
that during my absences and without authority

from me my name was inscribed upon a banner
or ribbon attached to a basket of flowers sent
by the Board of Governors of the Democratic
Club to Mr. Riehard Croker on his departure
for Kurope In acting as a member of the
board it was not my inteution to place mis
name at the disposal of any one without my
consent, and I theretore tender my resignation
as a member of the Board of Governors of the
Democratic Club Very truly yours,

New York, Nov. 2) Perry Be_Mont.”

Mr. Belmont has been a governor for tan
vears, and preoeded Mr Keller as President,
but was retired bv Mr. Croker for the Brvan
campaign He will not resign from the elib,
it is sald

   

 

 

McKinley Carried Pennsylvania by 289,433.

Hanknispens, Pa, Nov. 21.-The official
computation of the vote of the late election
has just been completed at the State Depart-
ment and shows the following totals for Presi-
dent MeKinley,712,685: Bryan.424,.232) Wooll +,
27 wS. About 8.000 votes were divided among
the candidates of the Beonle’s, Socialist Labor
and Socialist parties This shows a plurality
of 288.493 for President MeRKinley Por Con-
eress at large, the venerable statesman, Galn-
sha A. Grow received 683.041 Votes, ugxt to
McKinley: Foerderer, the other Republican
ndidgte for representative-at-larwe in Con-
gress Had a total of 675,000

 

  

 

Beckham's Pivrality 3.500.

Frankront, Ky , Nov. 21. -Acoord ng
leged official flaures the Gubernatorial +
at the reeent elec ion was Beckham, 290,265
Yerkes, 226712

to al-

 

Trap Shooting.

Queens, Nov. 2) Thomas W. Morfey of
Queens and Col Martin of Bluffton, 8S C , com-
be trap shooting matches at
Interstate Park to-day The first mateh was
at ten pairs of live birds per man The Coleone!
grassed a dozen beauties but Morfey wernt lia
one better and won by a bird In the renewal
the Colonel won killing fourteen ripping fvers,
to Morfey's dozen = Three matches at twenty-
five live birds per an followed, $25 on each
mateh $50 on the Whole, all shot at thirty varda

Morfey killed 28 to the Colonel's 22 in the first
won by a bird on the

   

in a series

 

event then the Colone!
next by 2¢ te 28 and the third went to Morfey
with the fieures standing Morfey, 2a: Col
Martin, 21

 

\¢ of wind and a heavy squall had ar-
rived at thie time, but they agreed to shoot
off at twenty-five live birds per man, thirty-
three yards rise Juach man grassed twenty-
one of the feathered targets Col Martin
then echallenwed = Morfey to shoot) a hun-
dred-bird mateh at thirty yards rise for @)9)
a side Morfey. accepted and the match will
take place at Tnterstate Park on Friday at
iP. M

In spite of the gale of wind ¢
ceptionally fast birds, good scores were mace
yesterday at Dexter Park tn the monthly trap
shooting New York Ger-
man Gun Club. Dr Hudson ca
the nearest to making a clean score, his eighth
bird, a left quartering driver, falling dead just
outside the boundary Phe Doetor with Poly
H Wellbrock shared the honots of the das

   

 

1 some ex.

 

tournament of the
George V

  

each getting nine birds to his credit Tlie
summary
Chih Competition at Ten Live Birds —Seores tw

res

n i. Wellbroek, 28 yards, & ber lHiud

 

George

 

 

 
 
  

m, 20 vards, ¥. G. Ho Hurte, 28 yards, & br Ff
K. Woods, 28 yards, 7 l'eter Giarma, 80 yards
penry A. Meyer, 28 yards. 7.4 vers, 28 yards
6.4. Her ¢, 28 yards. 5.4! 11 Hesterberg, 28 yards
5. 4a M 28 yards, ) MH. A. Meyer, 28 yards
5. H. Myer, yards, 4. W. Liletjen, 28 yards, 4; Li

G. Hadell, "28 yards, 4 A
H. J Martin, oi 2

Sweepsiakes Race Five live birds t man: $2
entry, fee—Dr B. Kh. Woods, 3, Radel. 4: mS
3; Hemgke, 5; Dr. Hudson, 4; Sievers, 3; Mesion,
4. H, Meer, 2; Martin, 2; Dietjen, 1.

{
'

Sehrocder, 28 yards, 2

the plan has not reached the Chamber |

which are |
opposed to the corrupt rule of Tammany Hall |

chief |

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY HOME,

| oa ae + ee
TRADE MARA

Small Steel Cavsules. fled avith Liquid Carbonate. Actd Gaw.

MAKES ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

The condition of Croton water to-day is a

, menace to health and dite. It is offensive in
appearance and odor, and very evidentiy full of
disease germs, Carbone Acd Cras will destroy
these and render the water harmless and avree-
able to the taste. Aerate all your drinking
water with SPARKILETS, cheap, convenient,
and easily used.

The cost will be 24 cents a bo'tle

Pint Bottles. ..... 6407084 SO UD,
Pint Syphon Attachments . 40
Quart Syphons... » ++ 3,00 up.

Pint SPARKLETTS , » aad
Quart SPARKLETS.... 40

mo ina box)

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups a'so Supplied
ALL DEALERS, WRITE FOR BOOKLET.

|
| COMPRESSED GAS CAPSULE CO.,

B’way and 25th St., New York City.

WHEN THERE IS >

‘an uncertainty about the nourishing qualities or digestibility of
an article, a wise mother bars it from the family table.

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

is the most digestible of foods, and contains a large amount of
nourishing, tissue building matter, hence it
is 2 welcome dish on well ordered tables,

 

 

ALL GROCERS.
LARGE PACKAGE, 15 CENTS.

| WHEN A HOOK

or an eye bends, the form and fit of the gown are imperilled; the trim
effect is lost, and the trouble of repair is inevitable. The

SNAP HOOK anv EYE

es
eee

The Hook of
1900

 

 

The Hook of
1900

 

| : ‘ ‘ ‘

| is made of spring carbon, steel oil tempered, and will last as long as the
|# gown. There is something reassuring in the little click you hear when the
| small steel spring catches the eve.

if your dealer dors not keer tron, se1at [I cts. fora sample card
Say wheter WHITE o* BLACY.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO. .. 377 Bway, N. Y. City

Army and Navy Orders, $30,000,000 REDUCTION IN WAR TAX.

WASHINGTON, Nov
Issued to da
Major James Regan, Ninth Infantry, from San

Franeises to Fort Slocum, N.Y,
First Lieut. Frederick G

 

. 6) 4 .
21. ‘hese army orders were Decision Reached by the House Ways and Weans
|

Committee.
WasHtInoton, Nov 21 tepresentative Payne,
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,

Kinahenstiue, Fifteenth |

 

  

Infantry, will relieve First biewt. Jolin MeA. t er, ; :

Fifteenth Infantry. Lieut. Palmer will, on being Said after the meeting of the committee this

relieved, proceed ty Port Porter ‘ morning that a reduction of about $30,000,000
Acting stant Surweon Clarence A. Treabolttz,

from: Lepat nt aliforiia to Fort Lybert, Alaska, if the war revenue taxes bad been decided on

 

A few dave ago Secretary Cage expressed the
: of the Cabinet, that a
reduction of only abont $15,000,000 should be
Tteut-Col John Simpson, from Pilladelphia to made Yesterday the President expressed
this elts the intention of reconsmending a reduction of
Major 1 oH. Carson, Jr. Quartermaster, from 4, 0M, but the announcement of the Ways
this eity | hiladeiphia, thenee ty Middletown, BP > Committee shows that there ts a
---— to indorse the views of Senator Al-

 

from Galveston to St. boule

Capt. Jo Bax Jr
Newton Ko Cerullf,

Acting Asaistent Suneon H
from Seattle to San Franeises

   

opinion, after a meet

   

| tendenes

 

 
  

‘These naval orders were ‘ssid ) dncl and members of the Senate Finance Com-
Comn WoW. Batley, to duty as tnepector , mittee hist week, calling fora sweeping reduc-
of mac t Hartford, Coun tion
Lieut Hiratuetd, detached from the String aR
ham and to the As\atc station on the Hullalo | Orders tothe Battleship Kentucky,
Chief Boatswain Fo Ao Dran, detached from the . .
Wabash and to mand of coal barge No. 2 WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 -1t was learned at
Cilef Boatewa.n William Maning «retired, de. | the Navy Department to-day that the orders

tached from the Vermont and to command of cual
} 'to the

wan, U SON. has been relieved Naples

which reached

battleship Wentucky,
there until

barge No
yesterday, are to remain

John MeG

   

 
      

ispension and ordered te eommand the nawa Noy. 26 and then proceed to Smvena, Turkey,
station at hey West, Pla now uinder temporary com- | and stay tive davs e Departinent officials
; mand of Commander Witllam B. Mmery still give no intimation that the purpose of

7 | the Kentucky's visit to Smyrna is to force the
Jenkins Surrendered to the British  pavientof the Armenian claims of this Govern-

Authorities. ; Ment
| Wasttnaton, Novo 2

tes the Hritish ¢

| Alfred

 

 

Brookivn Vellee Captain Wants ta Get Ont.

George A Buchcoly of Flatbush, who has been
thirty-two veors ap oleeman and has tired of it

for extradition in New York by United States | atla t, applied for retirement yesterday, His
Conunissioner Alexander, was issued bw the | apricarion will be granted with alacrity so
State Departrient to-day Jenkins is charged | secon os the bourd can cle tr enough Vice out of
with forging a bank check for @a) in London | the landses eet down to routine business,

Elgin Watches

are preferred by the discriminating buyer
who seeks a time-piece for accuracy, endus
rance and freedom from necessity of repairs,
Full Ruby Jeweled, made in all sizes and
for allclasses of service—over a third of a
century has proven their merits.
The World's Standard.

All jewelers sell Elgin Watches.

A warrant for the
rities of Alfred |

 

anrrender
Jenkins, alias Thomas Willi

 

 

mh, COMMA OG

   

 

Nearly Nine Million watches have been made more than any other
factory in the world has produced in the same period.

ELGIN WATIONAL WATCH CO., . - a Elgin, UL