&
isvilleyy
Chicaga

5S,— Foe
louls-

ittsburg
Shenan-
nd, ex-

an Buf-
Lib-

ng Car),
10 (Des-
:55, 3:23

AS

1 and 261
hird Street
and Corte
Street, 08
on, Brook
Transfer

ge from

n
syivania

DOD,
Agent

AY,
Station,
35 min

5S —Pull-
Sleeping
‘olumbla,
Augusta
ions for

CHAT

VIA
RISTO
prs, New

. New

ww
SOUTH-
Pull
Sleeping
Orleang
xville,
service
n Frat

Buffet
to At
vannah,
for Na&
service,
DWAY
‘.

—

e
hambers
. 23d st
arr. &
Bradfor
uffalo.
it Mall--
r. Clev
evelan
xpress—
7:00 an@
Sleeper®

hamton
Buffalo

anand
yan
aw

 

 

 

 

VoL. LXVIL—NO. 257
FIGHTING NOW IN NATA

LER BEGINS HIS ADVANCE AND
1s CLOSE TO Dt NDEE,

 

pUL

 

Boers Driven From Helpmakaar and Pursued

by Duandonald's
signed to Selze the Mountain Passes and
Form 4 Janction With Roberts—French
Pursuing the Khoers North of Kroonstad—

Main Column Halts to Repair the Railway,
Special Cable Despaten to THE SUN,

Loxpon, May 18 While Gen Roberts ts ap-
parently bait ng at Kroonstad to repair the
railway and bring up his transport the chief in-
terest in the South African campaign once more
centres Natal. There is as yet no official
pews of Huller’s move, which began on
Thursday, and, ace ording to several corre-
ndents, was admirably carried out and come

In

  

stely successful

1 punoficial reports are meagre and do not
enable a reliable estimate to be made of the
strength of the Roers in the Biggarsberg range.
Apparently, howaver, a determined stand by a

concentrated foree Was not intended, and the

col
reported i!
6 snd defence,
one reports say began early last week

idiecates that the flehting was @ rear-

covering the Boer retreat,

 

hich ®
7 dest ate to the Central News, datéd
Stonehill Farm, May 14, 7.10 A.M, gives what
js evicis a muech-censored report of Gen.
Buller's movement. [tsays

“The British force commenced the advance
When they arrived within two

 

 

n May WW
; oof Helpmakaar the Boers opened a heavy
artillery fire) Qurmounted men worked around
the enemy's fank without suffering any easual-
ties nakaar was taken yesterday (Sun-
day

“Gop. Bethune has Joined Gen. Buller

The Boers’ Blagarsberg position is practl-

cally in our hands. We will push on.”

Adespatch to anews agency from Pleter-
maritzburg dated May 14, 12:05 P. M, says

“anoMeia. telegram from Gen. Buller an- |
nouncing his success at Kiggarsberg was re-
ceivedan bour ago. Ft is confidently antici-
pated that Dundee will be occupied to-day "

The latest despatch received is from Kemp's
Farm, having been sen! from there at 615 P. M.
on Monday It saves that the Boers have evac-

 

Cavalry-Muvement De- | BRITISH PRISONERS

SEER PREDICTS

    
   
 

guese East Africa. It will therefore be im-
possible for him to be present at the opening

pt the Colonial Parliament, and it is kely that
is absence will be somew at prslonged.

Consequently the leaders of the Progressive
party have determined not to avomps © over-
throw the Schreiner Ministry at the comin
seasion, but to wait for the new registration o
voters.

 

WILL SUFFER,

 

If Sapplies of Food and Clothing Are Held

Up at Lorenzo Marques,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Pretrorra, May 12.--The Volkastem asserts

that the Portuguese decision to declare pro-

visions, blankets and clothing for the Trans-

vaal, imported by way of Lorenzo Marques,
contraband of war will find its first victims in
the British prisoners at Watervaal. The paper
contends that it is the Government's duty to
see that the reduced supply of necessaries is
first divided among the burghers.

 

KRUGER’S DEATH,

 

Consulted by the President He Says ‘'Oom

Paul’ Will Die Next September.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, May 15.—-The Times's correspondent

at Lorenzo Marques says that President Kruger
paratively slight opposition to the British | has been consulting a youthful Dutch seer,
who prophesied the restorali6n of peace by
June 14 and the President's death three months

later. The President and thé burghers are
fully convinced that the predictions ara ac-
curate.

 

AMERICAN FEELING AT CAPE TOWN.

Boer Peace Mission Condemied and Webster

Davis's Statements Repadiated.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Caps Town, May 14 The Americans here,

many of whom aré from the Rand, have organ
{zed a meeting to condemn the Boer mission to
the United States

They will eable a resolution
to Washington opposing American intervention

and repudiating Mr. Webster Davis's argue

ments

Canadian Casualties.

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.
Loxpon, May 14.—The War Office has issued

a statement showing that among the casualties
at Zand River on May 10 were the following
among the Canadian infantry

Privates F.G. W. Floyd, killed: G. W. Leon-
ard, dangerously wounded; A. McLean, severely

uated Hetpmakaar, and that Gen, Dundonald | wounded, and E, Armstrong, slightly wounded.

js pursuing them to Bleskoplaagte, seven miles
from Dundee, where they were raking a stand
atthetime the despatch was sent, It 1s as-
sumed bere that the movement aims, after
cearing the Biggarsberg, to secure Van
Reenens and the other passes in Drakensberg,
thus enabling a Junction with Gen, Roberts

There is little news from Other places. The
British operations in the Free State east of the
railway are not reported A despatch sent
from Kroonstad on Sunday represents the Har-
rismith Boer commando as retiring from Beth-
lehem and others from Vrede and Frankfort,
all concentrating at Heilbron

\ despateh from Kroonstad says that Gen.
French with his cavalry is pursuing the Boers,
who have split into two sections,
{s trekking northeast toward Heilbron, while

 

 

A. E Zong and H. Liston died of enterle fever

 

at Bloemfontein on May 1 and May 2 re
spectively . Es
FUSS IN BOFR COMMITTEE.

“The Irish Are Jumping on Me," Says Van
Siclen, Dutchman.

The Mansdam with the Boer envoys on board
did not arrive yesterday and the programme of
reception has been movedonone day. Fora
time the me@ting of the Citlzens’ Reéepition
Committee at the Hotel Manhattan last night
had the aspect of a ruction between the
Irish and the Dutch. Several Irish com-
mitteemen took turna at saying things

One section | about Citizen George W. Van Siclen, whom they

accused of assuming too much importance and

the other is marching toward Lindley, which is | of trying, through a committee of his own, to

east-southeast of Kroonstad

The latest despatches from the front say that
President Steyn is at Heilbron, which has been
proclaimed the new capital of the Orange Free
State

Roer foraging parties have lately been re-
ported west of Kroonstad It is now stated
that they havea withdrawn across
ver to oppoae Gen. Hunter

The eager expectaiton for news of the relief
of Mafeking has not yet been gratified. A
deapatch from Cape Town asserts that it ia be-
heved there that the relieving force arrived at
Mafeking on Sunday, but the slowness of
mrunieation by wav of Buluwayo precludes
news before Wednesday
from the

  

the receipt of

direct news besieged town

comes by way of Pretoria to the effect that the |

Koere attacked the place on Saturday morning
with aheavy rife and artillery fire
jocation wasin flames within an hour and was
totally destroved

KRUGER REPLIES TO ROBERTS,

Assorance That Colontal British Prisoners
Are Not Harshly Treated.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Mav 14 The War Offlee has re-

eyed the folowing despatch from Gen. Rob-
erts

 

Toxnos,

“Krooxstap, May 13 Replying to vour tele
gramof May 10 or March 12, Lrepresented to
President Kruger that I had heard that pris-
oners from our Colonial forces were being
treated a4 criminals and confined in the Pre-
toria that enteric fever was rife among
themandthat medical attention and comforts
were insufficient. 1 also stated that the Re-
publican prisoners of war, foreigners and
burghers, were treated allke

“On April 20 President Kriiger replied that no
diference had heen made between Colonial and
other prisoners. Only a small numberof per-
tons supposed to be spies and others who had
committed breaches of martial law or tried to
eseape, had been imprisoned in the jail, but
they had been kept apart from misdemeananta
and treated the sameas other prisoners of war

“Doterio fever, according to President
Kruger, was very prevalent among the civil
Population as well as the prisoners, and every
Possible means were being taken to prevent the
Spread of the disease, which to a great extent
had sueceeded

“On April 22, L replied, stating that I was glad
toreceive this assuranee, I pointed out that
no difference had been made between burgher
Prisoners against whom there might be reason-
Abl* ground for suspicion that they would try to
escape, | thought that such exceptions gave
room for abuse by officials without the know-
ledge of the authorities.”

OF THE WRITE FLAG,

 

MISUSE
Gen. Roberts Reports Another Case—Capt.
Elworthy Killed During the Advance.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Loxpow, May 14. The War Office has received
the following desnatch from Gen. Roberts:
KROONSTAD, May 13, 4 P. M.- There were
Biore casualties in the cavalry division on May
19, but have been unable to get an exact ac-
eon iat occurred as the commanding |
a Capt Elworthy, was killed. Two
omcers who were wounded at the same time
Were sent te the rear, but it appears thata
Party of our men while coming up to a kraal
on which a white flag had been hoisted were
wh ‘attacked by a large number of the
'. Two offeers were taken prisoners and
tWenty-one men ara unaccounted for, Some
nay turn up

of wh

 

Of these ;

tr,

- : eeavalry covered a considerable distance
nN May

: Nay and the men may have rejoined their
ommands in the last few days.”

RHODES GOES 10 EAST AFRICA.

Progressive Party Will Not Attack the Schrel-
ner Ministry at This Session,

ra 2 SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town

nt WN, May i4, 410 BP. M--Mr. Cecil
+ » Who arrived here a short time ago
fom England, has started for Beira, Portu-

Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Cleveland in aw Night.

Leave New 4

next york 530 PL M.. arrive Cleveland
vale A gt r breakfast, by the New York Cen-
thoes fare hore Limited. Lugurious serviee; Bo

Lighted vy electricity. ~Ads.

 

The |

The Kaffir |

steal the thunder of the citizens’ committee.
There was every prospect of alively time when
the chairman, Killaen Van Rensselaer, came to
the rescue of his fellow Dutchman and calmed
matters down.

Theodore M. Banta called their attention to
the fact that the badges ordered represent the

the Vaal | Boer flag unside down dnd suggested that the

wearers would have to-stand on their heads to
et the thing right. It was too late to change,
owever ;
With the report of the Preas Committea a
member rose to inquire who had been putting

| false news intothe papera as to where theenvors
a

would stay. Mr n Rensselaer suid that
George W. Van Siclen had at first understood
that the envoys were to stop at the Hoffman
House and had made some arrangements to
that effect, and that the mistaken report might
have come from him. Up jumped Patrick Egan.

“Mr. Van Siclen doesn't represent anything
or anybody in this matter,,"’ said he. ‘We
don't wantany scandal i thin that it ought
tobe thoroughly understood that Van Siclen
hasn't any committee except on paper.”

Appaued followed this speech and Dennis
Spellissey added that the committee didn't in-
tend to be made fools of by anybody and that
if Mr. Van Biclen had given out false informa-
tian it was his business to see that it was cor-
rected

Other matters were under consideration when
Mr. Van Siclen camein. immediately Patrick
Gallagher arose and called upon him for
onyyenations

“T've no desire to throw any bricks or stir up
any trouble’ sald Mr. Gallagher, ‘but I'd like
to know howtt happened that those circulars
were sent out giving false information about
where the envoys were going to stay
and what authority had Mr. Van Siclen
anyway to be doing any such thing as sending
out information about the thing at all. That's
what I'd like to know. How came his name to
be put on the circular that told the newspapers
all these things that weren't right? Any hon-

orable man would jump at the chance to
explain,”’ ;
Mr. Van Siclen Jumped up, but Mr. Fean

jumped quicker 7

“The whole city is flooded with these circu-
larasent out by Mr. Van Siclen,”’ he cried
“What right has he got to be doing it?) He has
no committee and no right to be acting for this
committee. He's been acting without author-
ity. How do we know ig

“You'd better find out the facts before yougo
any further in what vou'resaying, interrupted
Mr. Van Siclen,

“T'm stating facts,” retorted Mr. Egan, whirl-
ing around upon him. i

"You are not,” said Mr Van Siclen hotly
“You'd better find out where you stand before
you make any such charges.” .

“Well, I'm not afraid to back them,” declared
Mr Egan, and he was aboutto goon, but Mr.
Van Siclen had the floor now, and with waving
arms was making his oration.

“Thad no intention of interfering with this
committee,"’ he cried. "I came here with the
intention of waiving my personal views and
agreeing to whatever the rest of this cominittee
thought best, But] find when I get here that
the Irish have combined to jump on me, and I
don't propose to stand it, You don't know
what you are talking about in the matter of
that ofrcular.”’

Doubtless he was about_tosay_more, but he
didn't get the chance, The reference to the
Irish had brought half a dozen members to
their feet. The next man to make himself
heard distinctly was Mr, De Voa, who is_a Ger-
man, and he also criticised Mr Van Siclen’s

course. Several Irishmen strove for the floor,

but Chairman Van Rensselaer besought the
committeemen to remember that they were all
American citizens and notto make trouble on
the eve of the reception, His mild words finally
prevailed

A committee of welcome will go down the bay
to-day if the Maasdam Issignalled = The rest of
the committeemen will meet the envoys at the
dock in Hoboken.

 

NOT KRUEGER.

PRAISE M'KINLEY,

Boer Resolutions Passed by the
Massachusetts House.

RBostos, May 14 -—The pro-Boer resolutions
{ntroduced in the House several months ago by
a Democratic member and favorably reported
by the Committee on Federal Relations after
being blue-pencilled so that they congratulated
President McKinley on the stand he has taken

regarding the South African War Instead of
President Kriger, came up for final action to-
day The resolutions were adopted after a
long debate with an amendment which was
added by a vote of 08 to 16 and which "Hopes
that peace may be restored upon conditions
which wil be nonorable to Great Britain and
which will secure the independence of the South
African republics.’

The Board of Aldermen this afternoon passed
an order for the appointment of a committee to
arrange a programme of entertainment in
honor of the Boer Envoys when they visit this
city. Ten of the thirteen Aldermen voted in
favor of the order

Modified

American After Mining Concessions in Corea,
Special Cable Despatch io THR SUN,
YorRouama, May 14. -The United States Min-
ister at Seov'l, Corea, is trying to obtain gold
mining concessions on behalf of an American,

Special Sale of Acolians and Pianolas.
For full particulars see last page. In the summer
home, away from musical entertainment, thesa lustru-
ments are becoming most populas.—Adv,

 

NEW YORK, T

a

  
 
    

   

 

BRITISH SLAP AT CROKER,

_--

LONDON PAPER SAYS THAT HE AIDS
ENGLAND'S WORST BNEMIES,

Tammany Administration's Proposed Recep.
tion to the Boer Peace Delegates the Cause
of the Attack—Croker’s Action ona Level
With That of the Dake of Orleans,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LoNnpoN, May 15.- Discussing the visit of the
Boer peace delegates to New York and their pro-
posed reception by the city authorities, the
Daily Erpresa this morning makes an attack on
Mr. Croker and Tammany Hall for inspiring and
encouraging the enemies of Great Britain, It
says that Mr. Croker is running the delegates
for all they are worth for his own political
objects. He evidently knows that there are
sufficient pro-Boer voters in New York to make
it worth while to play up to them, irrespective
of truth or political justice, It adds:

“The records of Tammany are already black
enough without theaddition of thisnew infamy
What makes the action pecullarly infamous
now is the fact that Mr, Croker claims the hos-
pitality of an English domicile and poses as an
English country gentleman, yet he is aiding
and encouraging the worst of England's
enemies. Mr. Croker's position ts practically
on all fours with that of the Duke of Orleans.”

The paper pointa out that the Duke of
Orleans paid the penalty of his offence by being
socially expelled. It suggests that Mr Croker,
having reasons for spending as little time as
possible in the United States, take an Italian
villa near the Duke of Orleans, whose company,
itsays, he will probably find congenial.

 

 

AUSTRALIAN COMMONWEALTH BILL,

Introduced by Mr. Chamberlatn -Constitation
Largely Kased on Oars,

Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

LONDON, May 14.--Colonial Secretary Cham-
berlain introduced the Australian Common-
wealth b'U in the House of Commons to-day
He said he thought that many members would
envy him the privilege of introducing a bill that
marked a great and important step in the
organization of the British Empire

The bill, he said, was the result of the careful
labor of the ablest statesmen of Australia, It
enabled the great island continent to enter a
widening circle of English-speaking nations,
and would no longer consist of separate States
which in themselves might be a source of dan-
ger, friction and weakness, But if the bill
passed, Australia would be an indissoluble Fed-
eral Commonwealth firmly united for many of
the most important functions of government
After the bill had been passed, Australia would
have a uniform postal telegraph service and
probably a railway system under one manage-
ment. There would be = intercolonial free
trade and common control of national defence
This consummation, said Mr. Chamberlain, had
been long and earnestly hoped for by the peo-
ple of Great Britain

It was of equal interest to Anstralia and
Great Britain, declared the Colonial Secretary,
that their relations should be simplified and
should be more unrestricted Certainly what
was good for Australia was good for the whole
Empire. Mr. Chamberlain went on to say that
all Englishmen rejoiced at this new birth from
which it was anticipated that these great and
progressive Austraiasian communities would
be more prosperous in the future than in the
past and that they would holdan honorable and
important position {n the history of the Anglo-
Saxon race.

The bill, Mr. Chamberlain explained, con-
tained 128 clauses Vf a Constitution which was
largely based on that of the United States of
America. Mr. Chamberlain explained” that ac-
cording to the proposed Constitution the num-
ber of members of the lower house was exactls
double that of the upper house The bill fur-
ther provided that members of both houses
should be paid the sameé salary, One provision
inthe Constitution, Mr Chamberiain thought,

might well be egpied by the English Parliament, |

that was, that members of a new Cabinet were
not compelled to vacate their seats as members
of the lower honse According to present lawa
amember of the British House of Commons

whois selected for a Cabinet portfolio has to |

resign his seat and aeek reflection

UNION OF CENTRAL EUROPE,

Austrian Foreign Minister on the Significance
of the Emperor's Visit to Bertin,
Special Cable Despatch to THY SUN,

VIENNA, May 14

Councillor and Minister of Foreign Affairs, in

addressing the Austro-Hungarian delegates at

Budapest, said that althourh the meeting of

the Austrian and German Emperors at Berlin

was not apolitical step, they could not deny its
importance, as it was anew afirmation of
principles upon which the pacitle union of
central Europe was established. He recalled
the confidence expressed by him on a previous
oceasion that the confliet in South
would have no dangerous effect on the rela-
tions of the Great Powers and added the hope
that no serious surprise would occur in the fu-
ture

Count Goluchowski said that friendly interven-
tion between Great Britain and the South

African republics seemed to be completely ex-

cluded, Such intervention he declared, could

only sueceed if both parties to the eonfliet de-
sired it. He concluded by expressing the hope
that peace would be speedily restored

the

CHOLERA ADDED TO PAMINE.

 

Disease Increases the Suffering in India and
Makes Relief Work More DiMcult.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, May 14.--The Viceroy of India re-
ports that the number of famine sufferers re-
ceiving relief in Bombay and elsewhere has
declined. This is probably due to the cholera,
which has broken up many of the relief camps,
énormously increasing the diffleulties of the
famine officers. Othe@wise the situation is un-
altered. The total number of persons receiving

relief is 5,795,000

NATIVES SHOT BY INDIA POLICE,

Latter Attacked at Vizagapatam Ouring a
Sesgeh for Murderers,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sus.
LONDON, May 14. A despatch to the Central
News from Bombay says that whilea party of

police were searching for the murderers of two |

constables at Vizaganpatam they were attacked
by a number of natives, who were headed by a
fakir. A serious fl@ht ensued, and the police
fired on the natives, killing eleven and wound-
ing sixteen.

Doubt ''Gyp's" Story of Abduction,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Panis, May 14--Thestory told by the Coun-
tess de Martel ('Gyp,” the noted writer), about
anattemptto abduet her, not receive
much credence here. It is known that she ia of
a nervy ous, excitable temperament On a for-
mer oceasion she told the pollee a similar yarn
about a personal attack, but she was unable to
substantiate her story

does

Cambridge Degree for King Oscar.
Special Cane Despatchto THE SUN
LONDON, May 14-Cainbridge University to-

day conferred the dewree of LL.D on King Oscar |

of Sweden

O'Netll's High Grade Groceries.
Alwaysfresh, always appetizing, and always alit
tlelowerin price than you would bave to fey. else.

wee for the same grade. Ota av., 20sn to 2ise—

Count Goluchowski, Privy |

Africa |

RAGTIME DANCED IN COURT,

 

Mamie O'Connor Does a Realistic Turn to
Inform a Jury.

In order that the jury might be in posses-
sion of all the facia in the case, Judge
Moore had the muchetalked-of ‘ragtime’
dance performed in thé Queens County Court
room yesterday by Mamie O'Connor. Perhaps
it would be more correct to say that it was
interpreted by her, as “ragtime” is variously
danced in different places. Miss 0'Connor’s
rendition of it was most effective in its way and
the popping eyes of the jurymen indicated
their interest in it. The occasion was the
trial of Patrick McCarthy, charged with
keeping a disorderly dancé hall in Borden
avenue, Long Island City. It was this place
which was raided several weeks ago by District
Attorney Merrill, causing a fow between the
District Attorney's office and the police. It
has been testified that detectives and police-
men in full uniform were habitués of the re-
sort, participating in the gayeties there al-
most every night

Mamie O'Connor, Who was the principal wit-
ness yesterday, is a sprightly looking young
Woman and says she is 21 years old, She stated
without any particular embarrassment that she
had seen better days and was one of the “reg-
ulars" of the MeCarthy place One of the
features of the nightly performance there, she
said, was the ragtime dance.

“What is this rag time?” asked Mr. Merrill for
the prosecution.

Patt I don't know as J could tell you about
it,’ said the witness. “The pair that dance it
standup andsort of wriggle and do funny
fancy steps in time to the music." }

“Could you show how itis done’
“Lsuppose I could; but I don't feel
to-day,’ atts

“L object to any such performance in this
court,” interposed Lawyer Abe Levy forthe
defence ;

Judge Moore decided to admit the illustra-
tion, so thatthe jury might) pass upon its im-
morality. The O'Connor giti was called upon
to do the dance on the witness stand, At first
she objected.

“Edon't feel like doin
“I'd feel kind of ashame
you'd like it either.”

She waa directed, however, to give at least a
few steps of it, and after some hesitation
stood forth upon the. stand, from which the
chair had been removed to give her room, Plac-
ing her hands upon her hips she began to
away her body, At first the motions were
not ungraceful, but presently they became so
suggestive that some of the Jurymen began to
look amazed and then shamefaced. From the
craning spectators came a bugz that increased
until Judge Moore rapped with his gavel and
warned the crowd that any unseemly demon-
stration would result, not only in the clearing
of the court room, but also in the punishment
of the perpetrators Meantime the ©'Connor
girl paused to remark: ;

"You can't get the spirit of it without
music | :

That will do, said Mr. Merrill,
the ragtime dance" ;

“Well, there might be a few motions from the
old conchee-couchee and a iittie of the ‘black
rabbit’ dance init,” said the girl

Mamie Boumer, another witness = from
Mecarthy's place, testified that she saw one
night a cofored woman and a white man
named Melntyre performing the ragtime
'dince naked, | Detectives from the District
Attorney's office testified to the orgies they
had seeninthe place Itis said that all of the
nine Women arrested when the concert hall was
raided will be called as witnesses against
| MeCarthy

very good

a

it here,” she said
And I don’t believe

the

“So that is

 

THE TAPLEY'S MATE GUILTY.

| The Skipper, Whether or Not He Went to Sea
in a Cask, Not in Court,

How Capt. Tapley of the American bark St.
| James went to seaina cask on board his own
| ship to escape the Deputy UnitedStates Marshals,
as related by the windjammers of South street,
isa story that had its sequel in the United States
Cireuit Court yesterday on the trial of Jack
} kiay'es, formerly firat mate of the ‘St. James,
or assault on the high sed& Nineteen seamen
complained, and eight of them have been de-
tained in custody sinc@ March last as witnesses
As to Capt. Tapley, United States Marshal
Henkel said yesterday that if the Captain went
to sea in a cask It wasn’t to evade the marshals,
| for no subpena was out for Tapley, and the

marshals didn't want him

Tapley wasn'tin court yesterday, and donbt-
less has gone to sea in whatever fashion suited
his pleasure Judge Thomas presided at the
trial. Haves is a bronzedman with sharp eyes
| His accusers were, a majority of them, fair-
haired, red-faced Swedes. There was one negro.

Nicolas Burgmeister, seaman, testified that
Hayes had hit him many times and had often
struck other seamen with a piece of lead pipe
Lawyer O'Connor, who appeared. for Hayes,
brought out that the witness had shot a China-
man in Hong Kong and had shipped on the St
James to get out of the was

“Oh, - shot the Chinaman all right,” said
Buremeister, chuckling, “but TL paid him $70
for it and made tt square.”

4 bearded Epglishman, George Low, told of
alot of alleged assanits by the mate. “He hit
| Jehansen with a piece of lead pipe,” said Low
| “for not doug a job that no man on earth could
ao
' Why didn’t you complain to the captain?”

{ “Reeanse we was all afraid,” was the reply

| Sven Carlson testified that Haves had kicked
him because he didn't say “Sir” loud enough

| ‘The testimony given by the negro, who called

himself Lawyer Murrell, was of the same sort

How many times did the mate hit Johanson?”
asked Assistant District Attorney Houghton

Well, sah, it were a sorto’ continuous per-
formance, sah,” said the negro

Was the mate always in a bad humor?”
) asked Mr, Houghton

"No, sah.” was the reply. “Sometimes he'd
come on deck and joke and talk and be jus’
as nice a man's ever vou saw, sah.”

Soaman Henrickson and Johanson gave more
testimony along the same line. The only wit-
| ness for the defence was Haves, He said that
the crew were drunk and unruly and that stern-
ness was absolutely necessary to enforce obe-
dience. He might have been rough, but not
tunnecessarily rough

The jury found him guilty of eruel and inhu-
man treatment, but not of assault, Séntence
was deferred

 

 

GERMANS SEIZE CONGO TERRITORY,

Order Belgians to Withdraw and Barn One of

the Congo Free State Stations,

Spevial Cable Despatches to THE SUN
Lonpox, May 15.—The Telegraph publishes
advices from Uvira, north of Tanaanyiki,
;to the effect that on April 20 a German
force of 1,000 men and 18 officers seized 3.000
equare miles of Congo territory. They sent an
yitimatum at the end of February demanding
the immediate withdrawal of the Congo Free
State stations of the Rusizi River

east

; under threat of war The demand was
not complied with, but a fresh ultima-
tum on April t induced the Belgian
| oficer at one station to withdraw, after
which the Germans burned the station

|

| Bern, May is The Tageblatt prints a re-
| port of fighting between the Germans and Rel
| giansonthe Congo, but the Government has
no advices

No American Warships Now in Colombla.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

| Coron, Colombia, May 14—The French war-

ship Suchet has arrived here from Martinique

There are no American warships at any of the

ports of the isthmus. The management of the

Cartagena Railroad has doubled the tariff

rates

Meiba Has a Cold,
} Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

| TLonpox, May 14 Mme. Melba is suffering
| from acold and will be unable to appear at
| Covent Garden to-night
| Steaben County to Get G, Percival Stewart,

| George Percival Stewart, Vice-President™wf
| the defunet American Investors’ Company,
| who was againarrested last Saturday, was dis-
charged in the Centre street police court yes-

terday with the understandin that he
would be turned over to the Bheriffof Steuben
county, Who wants him to answer a complaint
from Hornelisville, Stewart has been doing
business lately as the “Franco-American Auto-
mobile Company,” but had to give up.”

!

) Centrally Located,
| New West 23rd Street Station, Pennsylvania Rall

toad. ‘Phone call for Peana. KR. R. Cab, “#i4—16tb
| Sweet."—Adp

 

GEYSER IN THEIR HOMES,

48 FAMILIES TURNED OUT BY A
BROKEN WATER MAIN,

 

Windows Smashed, Tenants Cat and Babies
Halt Drowned An 8-Inch Column of Water,
High as Fourth Story, Soaks Three Flat
Hoeses in Turn as the Wind Changes.

 

The forty-eight families occupying flats in the
five-atory house at 545, 547 and 549 Brook avenue
and the proprietors of the three stores on the
ground floors were all driven from home
last night by an &-inch stream of water
{axuing from a broken 14-inch main and rising
straight up in the air as high as the fourth
floors. The break in the water pipes was directly
in front of the middie house. The wind
was just variable enough to twist the stream
about at the top when it broke, so that first one
house and then another caught it. The one in
the middle, No. 547, suffered the most damage,
and none of the tenants was able to escape
with adry skin.

Naughton & Co, the contractors, were at
work in Brook avenue, between 147th
street and Westchester avenue yesterday
for the Consolidated Gas Company. They were
excavating for gas mains and as a precaution
the waler was cut off early in the afternoon
from 160th street and Washington avenue. It
was turned on again at 8:30 o'clock last night
A few minutes later there was an explosion,
which was heard five blocks away, followed
instantly by the geyser. The water wentup
in a solid column, veered a little to the weet
and fell with a crash against the houses, and
from then on it was a continuous performance
for more than an hour

There waa a panicinallof the houses. Most
of the tenants thought that where there was so
much water there must be fire and made a rush
to get out, some by the fire escapes, some by
the stairs and some by going over the roots

The only dry way was down the fire escapes in
the rear

Policemen Driscoll, Murphy and Snyder of
the Morrisania station were the first rescuers on
the spot. Their hardest work was to assure
friahtened tenants that their lives were not
in dangerandto keep women from jumping
out of windows with their babies in their arms.
Most of the men folks were away. Driscoll ran
back to the station for help and returned
with the reserves. Fire lines were established
anda hurry call was sent out for Water Depart-
ment tocome and stop the flood Foreman
Patrick Walsh got there at 1 o'clock witha
force of twenty mento repair the damage. In
the meantime the water had been cut off again
at 160th street

Mrs. Fannie MeCarroll, who kept. a candy
store on the ground floor of 545, lost her stoc
intrade Shesimply waded out with the “cash
on hand’ —and that was rusty fromthe water she
tolda neighbor Saivator Martino, the cobbler
next door, hadall of his shoes wet. He was
standing at his open door when the flood came
and the force of the water was enough to
knock hitn down

Joseph Burke with his wife and five children

lived on the seeond floor front at547. The
windows were open and two babies were
asleep in a double crib) that had been
drawn close to one of the front. windows
so they could have plenty of air, The father
and mother were tn the next room getting
the other children to bed when they
heard the water pouring in a sheet
over the windowsill and into the erib Burke
shouted ‘fire’ and grabbed the babies. Then

he fled to the roof, fotlowed by his wife and
three undressed children

 

\ ire fabnet Atwater inna Japlirese of 7, wae |
n her front room t rst floor She tried |
, a le Rabe GAP BAP | the Police Board on May 2and 3 when licenses

curtains but the water amashed the glass and |

to shut her window to save her carpet and lace

abe it badly cut on both wrists
AO

n Lane's two front roopw on the fourth |

floor t $47 got the full force’ of the flood and
when he got out he said that the water was
two inches deen on his floor and that
his children's playthings were all afloat.

Mra. Edward Hanrahan on the third floor and
Mrs. Andrew De Munk direetly beneath her
were not only driven out, but had their car-
pets and mostof thetr furniture ruined,

Mrs. Nelie Froch. an invalid, was in bed on
the second floor of 547 Her husband carried
her into the rear room of their flat to dress,
and then he helped hertothe root. Neither
escaped without a ducking

All of the families were able
to their water-soaked = apartments
o'clock. The pevement was torn
a distance of twenty-five feet on both
sides of the break <A big rock that
had fallen or had been pushed into the trench
opened by Nanghton & Co. had made a
eireular hole & inches in diameter in the top
of the water mainand that’s what caused the
trouble,

to retire
by 11
up for

CAUGHT UP BY A TORNADO,
A Texas Girl Is Carried a Quarter of a Mile
and Escapes Withont a Scratch.
Hovston, Tex, May 14.—To be blown more
than one-fourth of a mile by a raging tornado
issomething remarkable, even though the vie-
tim were torn all to pieces and killed; but to be

hlowh a quarter of a mile, surrounded on
nll sides by trees, houses, timbers and
all the other débris that a tornado

weathers unto Itself in its wild flight, carried
through the air at seventy miles an hour, and,
despite all this, to eseape even the slightest
bruise or scratch might be called) miracu-
lous. That was the experience of Miss
Millie Milton in the tornado that passed
over parts of Denton county last week
When she was pieked up by some neighbors
her body was apparently lifeless, her respira-
tion was labored, and her pulse was slow
Medical assistance was) procured, and re-
storatives were applied; they availed noth-
ing Three days after her experience
she began to regain her senses, only
to lose them againin a delirium which it was
feared would cause her death Only yesterday

did she recover consciousness sufficiently to
talk coherently, and her statement as to her
sensation during the storm is given below:

“Wesaw the cloud coming and | stood up in
the bed, whilemy mother and sister were on
the floor alongside. 1 saw the storm approach-
ing, when a!l ofa sudden it struck the house
with terrifle force, everything was roarin
like an express train I was carrie
upward, higher and higher then — all
was blank. The next thing knew was when I
was lying on the groundin Mr, George Baker's
orchard
but the recollection of that is very indistiner
like a dream, and | knew nothing more until I
recovered ny senses yesterday.”

When her body was founda thorough exam-
{nation made by Dr. L. & Rogers failed to show
a bruise or scratch. She showed all the symp-
toms, he says, of a fervousshoek, and it is be-
lieved by many that this condition was superin-
duced by the electrical currents in the air.
Miss Milton is rapidly recovering

There were a number of strange pranks
played by the wind In one instance a zine
tub was fwisted and wrapped around a fence

ost, Whieh was left standipa, while other posts
for a distance of several roda were torn up
and laid flat. A can from Garza,a distance of
nine miles, was found at Little Eim, while
houghs and leaves of oak trees were also found
at the latter place, where there is not an oak
tree nearer than five miles

PLIGHT OF A PROMOTER.

Charged With Stealing Checks for @170 While
Making a 615,000,000 Deal,

New HAveN, Conn., May 14 David €. San-
ford, aged 56, who has been engineer for the
Connecticut Shell Fish Commission since 1886,
was to-night arrested on a charge of stealing

two checks belonging to the commission and
cashing them The cheeks amounted to about
$170,

Sanford forseveral months has been engaged
in promotingMte fifteen million dollar oyster
syndicate that has not yet been organized

Women Vote at Annapolis,

ANNAPOLIS, Md, May 14. For the first time
in the history of Annapolis Women were allowed
to vote at the election held to-day. About
twenty availed themselves of the privilege
The election wak to decide whether the city
should issue $120,000 of bonds. The proposition
was carried

 

Named for Congress,

lilinots, First distriet-James Ro Mann, Republt
can, renominated p
Miinots, Fourth distriet-Daniel W

lean.

Mills, Repub

Appeals to All,

Dining car service on the Pennsylvania Railroad.
All the delivacies of the scasun.~ Ade.

Some persons were bending over me, |

 

| Squires

| cease such talk

Fair

 

and watm to-day; thunderstorms
and cooler to-morrow.

 

—— :

PRICE TWO CENTS.
—aay

mio rine ar cutrtoy nacermeen. | JULY SANDWICHED IN MAY,

 

Only the Paddock a a Few Stables Left
Standing Firemen Lack Water.

Persona living in Paterson and Passaic, N. J,
saw such a bright ilumination in the eky at 1:30
o'clock this morning that the report rapidly
spread that the town of Clifton, Nod, was
burning. Word soon reached both cities, how-
ever, that the fire was at the Clifton racetrack
and that help was needed. One fire company
went trom each city to Clifton, but they might
as well have stayed at home, aa when they ar-
rived they found that there was no water for
them to throw

The fire started at fifteen minutes after 1
o'clock in what had been the betting ring. It
spread to the grandstand and then to the
Judge's stand and finally to the stables. The
buildings were burned to the ground. The
only buildings that were left standing were the
paddock and some few of the stables

There were a number of horses in the pad-

dock, the property of Henry Muhe,
who holds a mortga®e on the — biild-
ines The race track, however, still belongs

to George Engeman, who owns the Aqueduct
racetrack. Muhs’s horses escaped. The loss
from the fire will be about $70,000 and it is be-
lieved will be fully covered by Insurance

‘The fire was plainly of incendiary origin and
was started at a time when the night watchman
was at the other end of the track. Other fires
in the town, especially one last Saturday night,
have looked suspicious,

There have been no horseraces at Clifton for
seven years, since New Jersey made horse-
racing illegal. The buildings had fallenintoa
dilapidated condition. Of late, bicycle races
have been held there at times, but the track
was not much of a success for bicycle meets.

PALMERSTON ISLANDERS STARVING.

The Bark Empire Leaves Some Food With
‘Them and Sends Relief From Adelaide.

SAN Francisco, May 14,-Letters have just
heen received here from the bark Empire,
which sailed for Adelaide, South Australia,
which say that the veasel called at Palmerston
Island, midway between Tahitiand the Samoan
group, and found the people starving The
island is seldom visited except by traders from
Baratonga. It was the property of Blihu Wil-
liams, a trader, who worked the island with the
natives, Williams @ied of starvation, and his
son and the rest of the people were reduced to
desperate straits for food

When the Empire approached Palmerston the
vounger Williams put off ina boat. He reported
that for nine months the trading vessel that
usually called with provisions ard took away
copra had not been heard from. There had
been an excessively dry season, many of the
cocoanut trees had died and there was little left
to sustain life. The Empire left a limited
amount of food and on arriving at Adelaide re-
ported the matter and a relief vessel was sent
out.

BOWERY

 

 

DEFIES THE POLICE.

In Desperation the Concert Hall Men Threw
Open Their Places Again Last Night.

It looked like the Bowery of a few months ago
last night. Yesterday afternoon the proprie-
tors of the various concert halls, who had been
unable to secure jice4ses for their places from

 

for the ensuing year were issued, palda call at
Police Headquarters and made a last desperate
appeal, They were told that permits would
not be given to them. They, went away, de-
caring that they would test the law,

Last.nighttheyall opened up ng the auditor-
iums were filled with the usual Bowery crowd
of men and women. The plka-Ua en uf 291
and 203, the Lyceum at $02, the TiVoli @t 285, the
Drum at 85, all followed’ the sane p nelnie,
hes had no stage performance, but they did
pave orchestras playing throughout the even-
n

No programmes were given out, however,
and they therefore declared that they did not
differin any way from the high class restau-
rants which the police cannot interfere with,
The police must have taken the same view of
the matter, as there were no raids There was
music also in MeGurk’'s, the same as it used to
be, but MeGurk never had a concert license,
anyway.

BANKER SENT TO PRISON.

Eight Years for Ex-President Cole of the
Globe National of Boston.

Boston, May 14.-Charles A. Cole, ex-Presi-
dentof the Globe National Bank, who confessed
that he misapplied $824,004.70 of the bank's
money, Was to-day sentenced by Judge Lowell

of the United States District Court to eight
years’ imprisonment. In pleading for le-
niency, his lawyer, Melvin ©. Adams, said
that Tetore Mr Cole became a director of
the bank the Lovell firms had introducedstheir
paper intothe bank to a large amount and
that as President, Mr. Cole inherjted their
questionable assets, which he tried to save
for the institution by the use of bis own
money. Mr, Adamathen took up the aecusa-
tion against Mr. Cole on account of the Squires,
and said that the Squires’ connection. with the
institution was another legacy of previous
management and that earlier than 1898 the
had been allowed to deposit kiting
checks and draw upon them for large amounts
He closed by asking for the minimum sentence
{imposed by law, that of five years.

With good behavior Cole will be released in
six years and eight months

 

 

HEIGHTS FREE LIBRARY OPENED.

Newest Pablic Building ta Harlem Contains
17,000 Volames for Circulation,

The Washington Heights Free Circulating
Library at 156th street and St Nicholas avenue
was opened last night with appropriate exer-
cises. Inthe absence of President FE. 8. Whit-
man from illness the address of welcome was
read by J ©. Reiff, the First Vice-President
Other addresses were made by J N_ Wing, the
Librarian of the Free Circulating Library of
New York, and Dr. Charles A. Stoddard, editor
of the Chriatian Observer,

The library was organized by a few citizens
in 1868 with 208 volumes, Tho growtb was slow
until 1883, when the late J, Hood Wright be-
came interested init and agreed to give $100 A
month until his death for running expenses,
He died in 1894, but just before death he gave
Poon to atarta building fund His sister, Miss
J. Wright, followed this with a gift of $10,000
The restof the fund was then raised by sub-
seriptio.§. The library has a building and lot
valued at $51,000 and contains 17,000 volumes,

SHOT AT CONEY ISLAND.

Bovino Puts Two Bullets Into Bagge for
Insulting His Wife.

Felix Bovino, 20 rears old, a bartender, living
at 127 Chrystie street, was at Coney Island last
nieaht with his wife and ai number of
friends At 1:30) o'clock thi® = morning

while the party was on Surf avenue, near
Eighth street, Albert Hague, 30 years old,
of 105 William street, Brooklyn, and a number
of friends passed by. Hagge spoke inaultingly
to Mrs. Bovino. Bovino angrily ordered him to
Hagage struck at Bovino

Bovine drew a pistol from his pocket and fired
twice at Hagge. (ne bail struck Hagge in the
groin, the other in theleftside, Hagge was
taken to the Kings County Hospital, where it
was said that his wounds were mortal  BRovino
was locked up inthe Coney Island police sta-
tion on a charge of felonious assault

Mr. Vogel Wants Colored Tenants,

According to an advertisement ina Brooklyn
paper a colored family ean rent the brownstone
house at 106 Carlton avenne for $60 a month
Francis Vogel, the owner, who has ocoupied the
honse twenty vears and is about to move, said
that he had only ‘'a business oblect’ in insert-
ing the advertisement “If other people.” he
said, ‘let their houses to nice colored families,
why should we not

Brakeman Avery Killed,

Ilepsox, N.Y, May it Arthur Avery of this
city, a brakeman on the Albany and Hudson
Railway, was killed to-day at Niverville While
making a “flying switeh” be slipped and fell
under the wheels

New and Fire-proof Hotel Fasex,
Atlantic Ave., Fasex and East sts., opposite Boston
‘Terminal Station, Boston, Masa Now open A.
amene, Prop'r, also of Plazg Hotel, N. ¥, City.—
Ads

 

DISTANT SUMMER REACHES US THB
NOT END OF THE POKER

From Where, Far Up the Almanac, She Is Stoi
ing Her Dog-Day Fires- Mercary Coquet
ting With 90 -More Hot Days Coming ~ Ree
ord for May 14 Beaten by ® Degrees,

Nothing but a brisk breeze from the general
direction of the bay kept this city from being @
place of torment yesterday. Even with the
current of eooling air the temperature was
better suited to straw hats and the lightest of
summer dress than to stiff derbys and holde
over flannel underclothes It waa the hottest
day of the year thus far, and by 8 degrees, thé
hottest 14th of May on record. May 14, 1880
with 80 degrees held the record, The official
thermometers vesterday had the temperatur®
marked at 88 degrees in the middle of the
afternoon but it wasa shirking bulb at thé
street level that didn't push its mereury bee
yond, Thetown breakfasted at 70 degree’
or better

From the waters tothe south and westa lively
and comforting breeze sprung up before the
sun had heated things up to a very uncomfort=
able point and proved itself a highly beneficent
agency. It is down on the Weather Burea
charta as blowing from the west with an ocde
sional shift to the south, but on the streets i
seemed to come pretty consistently from downs
town. Walking down Broadway one felt It
pleasantly, but going inthe opposite direction
it was not inevidence. It was curious to see
one crowd of people puffing northward, hat in
hand and wet-browed, while the southbound
pedestrians looked at them in compassionate

astonishment and ; assed along eool and come
fortable. It was cheerful spring or punishing
summer weather according to the direction ia
whieh you happened to be going,

The average man kept his heavy flannels on,
and neared the Charybdis of sunstroke while
shunning the seylla of pneumonia, One thing
he could do, however, and that was to sjuek hi
waisteoat, which he did by noon or before, O
course it Was too early for straw hate Eve
the hat store windows don't dare make puch o
ashowing of this style of head gear vet-justa
tentative specimen here and there -for fashion
says thatnoman shall wearastraw cover ta
his head before the middle of dune, one lon
month hence, Itissate betting, howeyer, tha
if we have a few more days like yesterday fash-
ion will vieldtoa higher law

Over the country the temperature varied
widely, but the heat was general east of the
Mississippi. Boston must have had a sea breez
in the morning, as 46 degrees was the registerec
temperature atSo'velock, Albany had 60, Buf-
falo 52, Washington 70, and Jupiter, Fla, the
hottest place in the country, had 78 Eastport,
Me, had 38, and Lander, Wyo., had 34

Here are some of yesterday's maximumltems
peratures: Albany 92, Boston 52, Philadelphia
90, Washington ), Chicagosé, St. Louis 88,
Pittsburg 88, Atlanta &8,Kansas City 4, Omaha
8), Denver SO, St Paul 82, Bismurck 62, Dene
ver 6

The uncertainty of May weather hereaboutrs
isshown by the fact that last Thursday the
mereury Was down to 88 degrees, the lowest
temperatureforany May leon reeord [tis not
likely to drop again immediately, however, Thé
indications are for continued warm weather,
and there is no rain in sight

Four Persons Prostrated by the Heat.

Four persons were prostrated by the heat
yesterday inManhattan. John Walsh, alawyer
of 673 Bedford avenue, Brooklyn, Was overcome
at Mercer and Bleecker streets and taken to
St. Vincent's Hospital, J) Wallace Lester, a
coffee dealer of 839 Water street, overcome in
Madison avenue, was taken to Flower Hospital.
Filen Gerry, overcome in Washington street,
and James Tatt, prostrated on a coal barge,were
taken 10 Hudson street hospital. None of the
cases Was serious, ate

LYNCHED A WHITE MAN'S SLAYER,
A Negro Executed by a Mob Near Augusta,
Ga,, and His Body Mutilated.
Avarsra, Ga, May 14.-William Willis, @

negro, who killed Alexander Whitney, a white

man, on ASummerville trolley car yesterday

afternoon, was lynched to-day at noon near
| Grovetown, about ten miles from the city.
After his arrest the negro was taken to the
Georgia Railroad train by a circuitous route
last night in an effort to spirit him away to
Atlanta fromthe mob He was taken from the
train at Grovetown and carried into the woods,
where ho was guarded all night by the mob,

To-day at noon tye mob mutilated and
lynched him. The body is now swinging from. &
maple tree by the side of the main road to
Belle-Air. The head and breast are torn to
pieces with bullet wounds A placard on h
breast bears this legend “A warning to @
negroes in Georgia.” The ears ard fingers o
the negro have been ent off

The mob numbered several hundred. Tt had
been intended to bring Willis back to Augusta
and lyneh him here, but after passing Belle-Alr
and upon being Joined by a second contingent
from Augusta, the mob could be no longer ree
strained, and the work was done

The work of the Iynehers is being approved
by all classes. Willis killed Whitney in a quart
because the latter refused to give up his seat t
}anegro Woman Theturdered man was one
the most prominent eltizens of Augusta,

TRIED TO STEAL TWO PELHAM BOYS

 

Kidnapper Pursued and Canght Near the
Hutchison River.

PeunamM, Mav 14 Edward Keller, alias Ede
ward Kelly, who eseaped from the Westchester
county jail in 1808 with two other convicts, was
arrested here to-day by Constable Marks for
kidnapping two boys. Peterand John O'Cone
nor, 10 and 12 years old, were playing near their
home when Keller came along and by giving
them candy induced them to follow him. While

massing through a lonely part of ‘cen
fieights, Peter O'Connor says, Keller choke
him because he would not eo into a house and
beg fer money. He was attempting to make
the lads cross the Hutchison river with him
when Constable Marks appeared and gav
chase In order to escape he was forced tole
the boys go. The constable brought Keller to
haltafter firing several shots Both boysshow:
Judge Lyon bruises where Keller had kické
and beaten them. When he eseaped from jail
he was awaiting trial for horse atealing.

UNDRESSED IN CHURCH,

 

Awfal Thing That Happened to a Young Man
Who Went to Sleep in His Pew,

TRENTON, N.J, May t4—Harry Tidd, a young
druggist, attended the service in the Bethany
Presbyterian Church last night and went to
sleep. While he was asleep he stood up and ree
moved his coat and waisteoat. Two women
who sat in the same pew with hin moved to
the far corner. Then he unbuttoned his collar
and took off his cravat, and next his shirt came
over hishead He was about to siide ont of bis
trousers, when several women shrieked and he
awoke with astart His trousers were dangling
about his feet as he ran down the aisle to th
vestry. Anusher handed him his clothing, an
he put iton and went home

 

ANYBODY ELOPED?
Girle of the Nermal College German Classe@
Have Heard So,

The girls in the German classes of the Normal
College asked each other vesterday if they had
heard that one of the pupils had eloped. Itwas
said that her father had been to the German
tencher and said that his daughter started for
school on Friday, but didnot return that maeht,
and that later he learned that she had got mare
ried The German elasses,so tar as could be
learned last night, are not short one gir!

NEW TROLLEY LOOPS ON THE BRIDGE,

Commissioner Shea Thinks Two More Should
Be Put In to Meet the Rush,

issioner Shea is of the opinion
fort and safety demand the

building of two more trolley loops at the Mane
hattan endot the Bride

“The crush at the Bridge,” he said vesterday,
“is bad enough tn the winter, but inthe summer
itisalmostunbearable Pthink that twomore
loops willabour fil the bill, and if application is
made by the company | will certainly grant the
right to inerense the facilities

Bridge Con
that pul

Bay Your Laces at O'Neill's,
A special sale beginning today and to last unftfl
Thursday See thew advertisemenh 6th av. 30a
to 21st 86 —Adp, i