oes

ees einiatterinsivteetemaeaanemmnnoeaiena an

a a

 

   

———— es

 

SSS ee

  

!
{

homed

rt

SENATE PASSES NAVY BILL
eonarrseenasene "atta Age

 

 

An Amendment to Limit the Cost of Armor
to 6425 a Ton Defeated, 25 to 27-The
Proviso Authorizing a Contract for Five

@ Holland Submarine Boats Agreed To.

WaAstINGTON, May 14.--In the Senate to-day
the Naval Appropriation bill was taken up, the
pending question being the amendment relat-
ing to armor plate for war vessels

Mr. Chandler (Rep., N. H.) moved an amend-
ment making the limit of cost $425 per ton, In-
stead of $445, as proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The amendinent was rejected--
yeas 25, nays 27, as follows: (Republicans 1n ro-
man, Democrats {n italice and Popullsts tn
GMALL CAPITALS)

YEAS—Moessrs Bacon, Berry, BUTLER, Caffery,
Chandler, Cockrell, Daniel, Davis, HARAKIS, HEIT-
PELD, Jones (Ark), Jones (New), Mallory, Mason,
Morgan, Nelson, Pettigrew, Pettus, Stewart, Sulllean,
Teller, Thurston, Tiiiman, TURNER and Veat-25

NAYS—Measrs Allison, Baker Clark (Wyo), Depew,
Bivins, Fairbanks, Foraker, Prye, Gear, Hale, Hans-
Brough, Hawley, Hoar, Kean, Lodge, MeComas
MoCumber, Penrose, Perkins, Plats (N. Y.), Proctor,
Roes, Sewell, Shoup, Simon Spooner and Wolcott—
27.
| Mr. Hoar (Rep., Mass.) offered an amendment
Providing that if under the provisions of the bill
no Government armor plate factory {s begun,
the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to Con-
@rees at its next session a detailed report, with
estimates of the entire cost of such a factory,
and a statement of probable time when armor
plate can be furnished by it. The amendment
was agreed to.

The question then recurred on the amend-
ment reported by the Naval Committee, which
Was to strike out the House provisions as to
@rimor plate and to Insert the following

Armorand armament: Toward the armament and
armor of domestic manufacture for the vessels author
aed by actof March 2 1805, for those authorised by
theactof June 10, 1406; for those authorized by the
@ct of March 3, 1897; for those authorized by the act
of May 4,1 898; for those authorized by the actof March
8, 1409, and for those a thorized by this act, $4,000,

000: Provided thatin contracts forarmor plate forany
of the vessels above mentioned the Secretary of the
avy is authorized to secure armor of the best qual
tyatan average rate not toexceed $445 per ton of
2,249 pounds, including royalties, If, after due ad
wertisement, the Seerejary of the Navy should be tn
able to contract for such armor designated above then
and inthatevent the Secretary of the Navy ts auth
orized to procure armor of the best quality for the
Dattleships Maine, Ohio and Missourl, now awaiting
ermor, and to pay therefor hot to exceed $545 per ton
of 2.240 pounds
Provided, further, that if the Secretary of the Navy
has found, after such advertisement, that armor pay
of the best quality cannot be purchased from private
Manufacturers of armor plate for $445 per ton of
2,240 pounds, then, and in that event, he is hereby
Girected to procure or purchase @ Suitable site and
erect thereon an armor plate factory ata cost not to
exceed $4,000,000, and to carry out the purpose of
this provision the sum of $2,000,000 4s hereby appro
priated and made Immediately avallable outof any
money itn the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
And provides further (hat no contracts for the armor
for any vessels authorized by this act shall be made
alan average rate exceeding three hundred dollars
perton of 2.240 pounds, ineluding royaltles, and tn
Tho case Shall a contract be made for the construction
of the hull of any vessel authorized by this act untlla
Contract has been made for the armor of such vessels.

The amendment Gncluding Mr Hoar's) was

 

 

agreedto: yeas 92, nays 19, as follows

Yeas Messrs. Allison, Maker, Carter.Clark (Wyo),
Davis. Depew, Elkins, Palrbanks, Foraker, Foster,
Frye, Gear, Hale, Hanna, Hansbrough, Hawley,
foar, Kean, lodge, MeComas, MeCumber, Nelson,
Penrose Perkins, Piatt iN) Y Proctor, Ross
Sewell, Shoup, Simon, Thurston and Waleott 42
Nays Berry, ijutler, Chandler, Cockrell Dante),
Harris, Ile 1, Jones (Ark.), Mallory, Morgan,
ettigrew, Pettus, Spooner, Stewart, Sulllvan, Teller,
‘Himan, Turner and Wellington -18

The next amendment of the committee was
one authorizing a contract for five anbmarine
torpedo boats of the Holland type, at a cost
not to exceed $170,000 exch

Mr. Stewart moved toinerease the number of
Holland boats to ten

Mr. Daniel (Dem ,Va.) advocated the amend-
ment.

Mr. Hale offered to modify the committee
amendment by striking out the words, “If the
Becretary of the Navy shall deem thesame for
the interest of the naval service,’ ao as to
make the contract for five Holland boats un-
conditional

Mr. Stewart accepted the compromise and
withdrew his amendment. Tha committee
amendment was then agreed to, and the item
of $250,000 for the completion of the equipment
of the new vessels heretofore authorized was
Increased to $400,000

Mr. Hale cffered an amendment, which was
Bereed to, authorizing the changeof the naval
tation at Port Royal, 8. C., to a site near
Ubarleston

Mr. McBride (Rep, Ore) offeredan amend-
ment, which was agreed to, for a board of

aval officers to determine the desirability of
ocating and constrneting a dry dock onthe
Columbia River, Oregon

Finally, the bill was reported to the Senate
from the Committee of the Whole, and was
passed,

House bill providing for free homesteada on
the public lands for actual and bona-fide set-
tlers, and reserving the publle lands for that
Purpose was passed

Also Senate bill to apply a portion of the pro-
ceeds of the salu of the publio lands to the en-
dowment, support and maintenance of schools
or departments of mininggind metallurgy inthe
several States and Terrftories in connection
with the colleges forthe benefit of agriculture
and themechanic arts, eatablished in accordance
with the provisions of an act of Congress, ap-
proved July 2, 1862

Also Senate bill appropriating $85,000 fora
gpamery addition to the post office at Newark,

Also Senate bill authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint Lieut. Robert Platt, U.S. N,,
fo the rank of Commander on the retired

st.
The Senate then adjourned until to-morrow

IMPORTS AND EXPORTS INCREASE.

Balance of Trade in Our Favor for Ten
Months Ended April 50, 445,405,141.

WASHINGTON, May 14.--The imports of mer-
ehandise for the month of April were valued at
975,466,742, an increase of $10,258,514 over those
for April, 1899, and for the ten months ended
April 80 at $714,241,544, anincrease of $152,010,737
compared with a like period last year

The exports for April were valued at $118,-
926,697, an increase of $30,131,434 over those for
April, 1899, and for the ten months at $1,172,-
786.685, being $135,048,857 greater than for the
emer periodof the previous fiscal vear. The

lance of trade in favor of the United States
fn the ten months was $455,495, 141,

FO PRACTISE IN

SUPREME COURT.

 

Congressman Barham’s Son and Danghter-in-
Law Admitted at the Same Time.

WASHINGTON, May 14-—-On motion of Repre-
sentative Barham of California, Edward C.
Barham, his son, and Mra Luda V. Barham,

the wife of the latter, were to-day admitted to
practice before the United States Supreme
‘ourt, being the first occasion in the history of
the court when that privilege was granted to
usband and wife at thesametime—§ Mr. and
ra, Barham compose the law firm of Barham
Barham of Santa Rosa, Cal. Mra. Barham is
the twenty-second woman admitted to practice
before the Supreme Court, Mra. Belva Lock-
wood being the first.

 

Spanish Prize Case Reversed tn Favor of the
Government,

* WASHINGTON, May 14.-In the Supreme
Court to-day Chief Justice Fuller announced
@ reversal of the Judgment of the Court
for the Southern District of Florida, de-
Ivering the Spanish bark Carlos F, Roses to,
her claimants. The vessel cleared at Monte-
video on March 16, 1898, with a cargo of jerked
beef and garlic, valuedat $3,644, and was cap-
tured off Martinigue, May 17, by the cruiser
New York. Claimants asserted that the cargo
was the property of neutracs and therefore ex-
empt from condemnation, The burden of proof
on such a contention, the Chief Justice said,
was on the claimants, and the Court did not
think they had made out their ease” The judg-
mentof the Court below was reversed and the
cargoawarded tothe United States. Justices
Bhiras and Brewer dissented

 

   

{Proposed Enlargement of the White Hoase.

WASHINGTON, May 14.- An amendment to the
Sundry Civil bill proposed by Senator MeMillan
provides for the appointment of a board eon-
sisting of an architect,

anda sculptor, ea
his profession
Engineer

a landscape architect
iof conspicuous ability in
eether with the Chief of
are to examine plansfor

   
 
 

  

the enlargement o Executive Mansion, for
removing the b nh the south side of
Pennsylvania aver nd fora suitable connee-

tion between the Potomac a

d the Zodlogical
Parks in the city of Was

Nharton

Ceour d'Alene Miner's Case Dismissed,
WASHINGTON, May 14 William Boyle's peti-
tion fora writ of orpus, based on a
claim that he was contined in the famous stock-
ade at Wardner, Idaho, built at the time of the

Cour d'Alene labor trouble by Bartlett Sinelair,
Gov. Steunenberg's representative, was dis-
missed in the Supreme Court to-day It had
Beer the ears of the Court thatsince the
ing of the petition Boyle had been released,

habeas «

THE CUBAN TARIFF.

Revised Schedules That Will Go Into Effect
on June 15—Rates Redaced.

Wasminoton, May 14--The War Department
made public to-day the schedules of the revised
Cuban tariff, which goes into effect on June 15
next, simultaneous publication being made in
the Official Gazette at Havana, Cuba.

An examination of the new tariff shows that
the following changes have been made from
the regulations now in force.

In Class I.--stones, earths, ores, &c.~ the
duty on earths employed in the manufactures
and arts, including lime and gy psum, has been
reduced from 60 cents to 20 centa per 100 kilos,
and the duty on cement from 60 cents to 30
cents per 100 kilos.

Crude petroleum is taken from the free list,
and the orjginal duty of $1.40 per 100 kilos is
restored. Petroleum and other mineral olls,
rectified or refined, intended for illumination or
lubrication, per 100 kilos, $2.80.

Dishes of hollow ware have been reduced
from $6.50 to $3.00 A special provision has
been made for flower pota of common earth-
enware, the duty being $1 per 100 kilos.

In Class II. metals and manufactures thereof
=the duty on gold and silver plate in group t
has been changed from $2.40 per kilos to 25 per
cent. ad valorem. In group 8 of this class the
duty on wire gauze up to 20 threads per inch
has been increased from $2 to $5 per 100 kilos,
and of 20 or more per. inch, increased from 6
cents to 10 cents per kilo. In this paragraph
special provision has been made tor saddlery
and hardware. In view of the importance of
sanitation in Cuba at this time, certain allow-
ances have been made in plumbers’ supplies
in group 4 of this class when the same are to
be used exclusively in the sanitary reconstruc-
tion of the island.

In class 3 substances employed in phar-
macy and chemical industry chloride of
sodium (common salt), erude, has been
reduced from 60 to 20 cents per 100 kilos, the
same, when ground, powdered or otherwise,
being at the rate of 50 cents per 100 kilos,

In wroup 4 of this. class solid vegea-
table oils cocoa, palm, &e, have been in-
creased from $2.50 to $3.00, and a special clas-
sifleation has been made for cottonseed oil to
be used exclusively in the menufacture of
soap, the duty being 50 cents per 100 kilos,
The duty on cod liver oil has been changed
from $1.47 to $1.50 per 100 kilos, On articles
made of stearine, pargffin and wax of all kinds
the duty has been changed from @2.40 to $5

The paragraph for soap has been — sub-di-
vided, and now reads as follows; Common
soap in bars, including castile soap and ordi-
nary scouring compositions, per 100° kilos,
$3. Ordinary toilet soap in cakes or tab-
lets, per 100 kilos, $10 ‘ine toilet soaps,
whether faney, perfumed or not, and all oth-
ers, including so-called medical soaps, per
100 kilos, $20

The paragraph relating to perfumery and
essences has also been sub-divided, and the
duty is now on value less than $1.25 per kilo
25 cents per kilo. On value more than $1.25
per kilo, 25 cents per kilo, and 25 per cent.ad
valorem

In Class VI-wool, bristles, hair, horsehair
and their manufactures— bristles, hair and
horsehair paid a duty of 40 per cent. ad valorem
This has now been revised, and the duty is now
as follows Bristles, 10 pet cent. ad valorem,
bristle brushes 85 per cent.ad valorem, hair anc
horsehair, 40 per cent. ad valorem

Raw wool has been reduced from 40 per cent
to 20 per cent. ad valorem. The duty on woolen
yarn has been Inereased from 40 per cent, to 45
pereceut. Inthe old tariff group 2 of thia class
numbers fourteen parapraphs thirteen of these
have been consolidated into one, viz.
Manufactures of wool, &e¢., 40 per cent

In Class VII -silks and manufactures of silk

the duty has been reduced throughout from
60 per cent. to 45 per cent

Tn Class VIIE) the duty on paper for printing
purposes haa been reduced from $4 to $2

In Class IX. wood and other vegetable ma-
terials employed in industry, a special provision
has been made for barbers’ and dentists’ chairs,
billiard tables and bar fixtures, of 25 per cent. ad
valorem. The paragraph in this group read-
ing “wood of any kind manufactured into furni-
ture or other wares” has been changed from 68
centa per kilo to 40. per cent. ad valorem

(lass X. The duty on bovine animals, ex-
cepting calves and heifers, has been increased
from $1 to $2

In Class XI. the duty on watches and clocks
has been reduced from 40 per cent. to 25 per
cent. ad valorem

In group 3 of this clasa the duty on coaches,
railway carriages and all kinds of wagons, carts
and hand-carta, the duty has been reduced from
40 per cent. to 25 per cent. ad valorem. Para-
graphs have been Inserted in group 4 of this
clasa assessing vessels of all kinds

In Class XII. the duty on salt cod and stock
fish has been reduced from #2 to @1. In group
2 of this class (XII) the duty on wheat flour
has heen reduced from $1.30 to $1. The para-
graphs in group 3 have been changed from net
weight to gross weight. In group 7 of this class
the duty on biscuits has been changed, ordin-
ary biscuits now to pay $1.50 per 100 kilos,
and fine biscuits $3.50 per 100 kilos

In Class XID Miscellaneous goods--fans
are dutiable at 30 per cent. ad valorem, inatead
of the former specific duties A special para-
graph has been made for coffins and under-
takers’ fixtures, the duty to be 25 per cent
ad valorem. The duty on walking sticks and
umbrellas has been changed from $4 per 100
to 25 per cent. ad valorem. The eigh pera,

raphs relating to hata have been consolidated
nto one, the duty on hats, caps and bonnets
of all kinds to be 25 per cent. ad valorem.

It has been apparent to all acquainted with
the working of the Cuban tariff that the rates
of duty put upon the schedule for machinery
and railway materials and suppiles, namely
40 per cent. ad valorem, is too high. The ef-
fect of this has been to stop all importation
of such articles, and the revenue from these
schedules has been extremely small. In view
of the necessity for the construction and re-
construction of railroads in Cuba, and upon
the assurance given by the various companies
that if material for the construction and equip-
ment could be imported at a reduced rate they
will atvonce begin to {mport large quantities,
a snectal provision has been inserted in the
tariff which allows railroad companies to im-
port their supplies into the island for a period
of twelve months from the date of promul-
gation, at a rate of 10 per cent. ad valorem.

 

 

 

SENATE MAS CANAL BILL,

It Was Favorably Reported Yesterday and
Placed on the Calendar,
WasniInoton, May 14.-The House bill
authorizing the construction of the Nicaraguan
Canal at a cost of $140,000,000 and appropriating
$10,000,000 for purchasing concessions and bhe-
ginning the work was favorably reported tothe
Senate to-day by Senator Morgan, from the
Committee on Interoceante Canals, and placed

on the calendar, The vote of the committee
was four to one, those in the affirmative being

Messrs. Morgan and Turner (Dem), Harris
(Pop, .and McBride (Rep). Mr. Hanna
opposed the reporting of the bill on the

ground that it was inexpedient to pass ft at
this session. Messrs. Culberson, Hawley, Sewell
and T. C. Platt were absent.

 

Washington Notes.

WASHINGTON, May 14.-The Senate Commit-
tee on the Jud'ciary has favorably reported a
bill conferring »n Federal Courts exclusive ju-
risdiction in all suits or proceedings against
Ambassadors or other public ministers, or their

4
domestics or domestic servants, or against Con-
suls or Vice-Consuls, This provision was en-
actedin 1798, but was inadvertently omitted
from the second edition of the Revised Statutes
issued in 1878

Senator Jones of Arkansas to-day introduced
a billfor the prevention and punishment of
blacklisting of employees by railroad, sleeping
car, express, steamboat, telegraph or telephone
companies engaged in interstate commerce, by
reason of participation in astrike or labor
trouble or for membership in a labor organiza-
tion

Senator Depew introduced a bi'l prohibiting
the false branding or labelling of any dairy or
food products which become articles of foreign
or interstate commerce

General Deficiency Bill Passed in the House,

WASHINGTON, May 14 —The Military Academy
Appropriation Dill was reported to the House
to-day from the Committee on Military Affairs
and the General Deficiency bill from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. These two measures
complete the list of general appropriations bills
for this Congress. The House then went into
Committee of the Whole for the consideration
of the General Deficiency bill, It carries a total
of $35,839,021. Afterashort debate the bill was
read under the five-minute rule and passed, and
the House adjourned until to-morrow

Nominations by the President,

WASHINGTON, May 14.—The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate

Capt. Willam W. McCammon, Fourth Infantry
to be Major
First Lieut. Peter W. Davison, Twenty second In

fantry, to be Assistant Quartermaster with the rank
of Captain

Harry P. DN of Maine, now United States Com
mercial Agent at Port Hope, Ontario, to be Consul at
that place

Ernst A. Wakefield of Maine,
Commercial Agent at Orilita,
at that place.

now United States
Ontarto, to be Consul

 

Receipts in Porto Rico for May,

WASHINGTON, May 14—The total receipts of
the Porto Rico Treasury for March were $128,622,
divided “, follows Customs, 78,906: postal
receipts, $8,767; internal revenue receipts,
$30,997, and miscellaneous, $7,861,

     

——— |

INHERITANCE TAX VALID.

THE SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS THE
WAR REVENUE LAW.

 

Bat Reads Out of the Law the Provision Fix-
ing the Tax on Legacies by the Whole
Amount of the Fastate~ The Progressive
Rate Feature of the Tax Is Sas ained.

Wasninatos, May 14-The Supreme Court
adjourned to-day until Monday next. At that
time, Chief Justice Fuller announced that it
would adjourn until the 28th inst, when it

would adjourn for the term,

The cases involving the validity and Constitu-
tionality of the inheritance tax provisions of the
War Revenue law of 1808 were decided in the
Supreme Court to-day. The general features
of the law were sustained, but the provision
fixing the tax on legacies by the whole amount
of the estate was read out of the act. Mr.
Justice White announced the opinion and judg-
ment of the court,

The case was that of Knowlton and Buffum,
executors of Edwin F Knowlton va. Frank R.
Moore, collector of the First New York district,
from the court for the Bastern District of New
York. There were half a dozen other cases in-
volved, which were argued with it

The principles established by the decision are
regarded by the Solicitor-General as of immense
importance and great value to the Government.
They are: first, that the tax is not a direct
tax; second, that the Federal Government may
impose and collect an inheritance tax, which it
has been claimed the States alone have a right
to regulate, third, that the progressive provi-
sions of the tax are legal, and that the tax may
be regulated by the valueof the legacy. The
law was attacked upon all these points and fur-
therit was alleged that the tax was not unl-
form. All these Justice White considered seri-
atim and dismissed them as not well supported.

Coming to the construction of the statute
Justice White sald

“It is plain that the statute must mean one of
three things, viz: 1--The tax which it imposes
{son the passing of the whole amount of the
personal estate, with a progressive rate depend-
ing on the sum of the whole personal estate; or,
(2), the tax is placed on the pas-ing of legacies or
distributive shares of personal property at @

srogressive rate, the amount of such rate be-
ne determined not by the separate sum of each
legacy or distributive share, but by the whole
volume of the personal estate. (This ts the
mode in which the tax was computed by the
Collector and which was sustained by the court
below), or, (4), the tax is on the passing of lega-
cies or distributive shares of personality, with
A progressive rate on each, separately dever-
mined by the sum of each of such legacies or
distributive shares.”

The law under consideration was compared
with that of 1864, which was construed by the
Supreme. Courtin the case of Scholey vs Rew,
andof which the present law was substantially
acopy. Asa result of the discussion it was
held that the true construction of the law was
that givennaNo 3

Concluding, the opinion discussed the objeo-
tion urged that the tax was not uniform as re-
quired by the Constitution, But, said the opin-
fon, What the Constitution commands ts the {m-
position of atax by the rule of geographical
uniformity, not that in order to levy such @ tax
objects must be selected which exist uniformly
in the several States. In conclusion the opinion
eaves

“Lastly, itis urged thatthe progressive rate
fenture of the statute is so repugnant to funda-
mental principles of equality and justice that
the law chouta be held void, even though it
transgresses no express limitation of the Con-
stitution It is apparent that the argument as
tothe enormity of the tax is without merit,
Taxes imposed with reference to the ability of
the person upon whom the burden is placed to
bear the same have been levied since the foun-
dation of the Government So, also,
some authoritative thinkers and a number
of economic writers contend that a progresalve
taxis more justand equal than a proportional
one, The grave consequence which it is as-
serted must arisein the future if the right to
levy a progressive tax be recognize in-
volves in its nitimate aspeet the mere assertion
that free and representative government is a
failure and that the grossest abuses of power are
foreshadowed unless the courta usurp a
uurely legislative function, That the law we
have construed affords no grounds for the con-
tention that the tax imposed {s arbitrary and
confiscatory fa obvious”

The judgement of the court below was re-
versed, and the case remanded with Snatruc-
tions to give relief tn accordance with the
opinion, Mr. Justice Brewer dissented from so
much of the opinion as declared the validity of
progressive tax

Justice Shiras announced the decision of the
court in the case of Plummer, executor, vs
Kird Coler, Comptroller of the city of New
York Aninberitance tax was assessed upon
the legacies left by Plummer’s testator. Plum-
mer opposed payment on the ground that the
estate was composed of United States bonds
and that they were not subject toa State tax
The New York courts decided that the {nheri-
tance tax had reference only tothe amount of
the estite and not to the composttion of it
That view was susta ned by the Supreme Court
and the judgment affirmed

In the cases of George T. Birkett vs. Georga
G. Ward, Collector from the Southern district
of New York, and of George G, Sherman vs. the
United States from the Northern distrietof New
York, Justices Shiras said the court was of the
opinion that estates composed of United States
bonds were subject to the Federal inheritance
tax. Justice White dissented. The last two
eases were sent back to the lower courts to
make the tax agree with the conatruction of the
law given by Justice White

 

INHERITANCE TAX APPRAISERS.

C, 8, Reformers Ask the Governor, Now, to
Make the Places Competitive.

The State Civil Service Reform Association
has appealed to Goy, Roosevelt to disapprove

the action of the State Civil Service Board
which made the Inheritance Tax Appraiser-
ships non-competitive places

 

DOLPHIN RETURNS TO PORTO RICO.

The Wife and Danghter of Gov. Allen to Come
Home tn Her,

WASHINGTON, May 14 The despatch boat
Dolphin has returned to San.luan, Porto Rico,
for such service as may be required of her by
Gov. Allen. According to advices received by
the Navy Department, Gov. Allen will not re-
turn to the United States at this time, as he had
intended, but Mrs Allen and Miss Allen will
come back inthe Dolphin, Owing tothe fact
that a Secretary of State for Porto Rico has
not been installed, Goy. Allen deems it unwise
to leave the island at this time. At the request
of Gov Allen, Lieut G W. Logan has been de-
tached from duty on the Dolphin. and des-
ignated as the Governor's naval aid,

 

 

 

Growls about “dog-days” are
already heard—and only the mid-
dle of May!

That means it’s time to think
about the good old compromise
—the half-lined suit; a suit warm
enough for coolish days and cool
enough for warmish days; the
most generally comfortable, use-
ful, sensible suit made.

Here they are ready for you;
realy to put on, without any
heating delay.

40 different styles to select
from.

Rocrers, Perr &

258 Broadway, cor, Warren,
and 7 and # Warren St

549 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1269 Broadway, cor. 32d @
end 54 West dud St s

Company.

We fill orders
by mail,

iceeieendeiniatinanatssiiaiiamiaminnineneaanamiN nr ninmG eran nen eintinitmmniiiamnniamamiiaeaim

  

 

TUNNEL IS REA

AND WASHINGTON MEIGHTS
HONOR TO THE EVENT.

Corporation Counsel Whalen and His Uptown
Friends Have a High Old Time Celebrat-
ing the Actual Commencement of the Bor-
ing of the Big Hole for Rapid Transit,

Sub-contractor 1]. B. MeCabe began vesterday
afternoon the actual work of excavation for
the Rapid Transit subway, and the celebration
of the event, aa arranged by Corporation Coun-

 

DOES

LLY BEGUN, |

|
|

|
|
|
|
|
!

a mans heart
is through
his stomach
the best
valentine for

Graham Wafer

a nourishing delicacy. A healthgiving food. A new

.

the high standard indicated by the name Uneeda.
Uneega Biscuit and UneedaJinjer Wayfer are sold — that: is, everywhere.

Meteby NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

THE APPROPRIATION BILLS,

The Honse Fins Passed 12 and the Senate
Nine of the 13. -Four in Conference.
WasHInaToN, May 14- The last of the
thirteen annual appropriation bills, that for the
support of the United States Military Academy,
was reported to the House to-day and will

  

probably be passed and sent to the Senate
| to-morrow, While nine of these measures
have also passed the Senate, three only,
the Pension, the Diplomatic and the Legis-
lative, have received the approval of the
President The Indan, Army, Fortifications
and Agricultural bills are in the hands of cone

sel Whalen, made the recent tablet-laving in}

front of City Hall seem like a country cattle
show onarnainy day. Thea first hole made was
at 156th street and Broadway, but the beginning
of the celebration was before sunrise at Me
Whalen’s home on 155th street. ‘The Corpora.
tion Counsel was out of bed earlier than he has
been before in nineteen years, but that was not
according to the programme he had arranged
forthe day. The sound of a score of hammers
on the sides of his house was what got him up,
and when he grabbed an old navy revolver and
rushed to the door to investigate he found ape
preciative neighbors decorating his house with
flags

The celebration began ofivially at 2.90 o'elock
when the police boat Patrol with Mr. Whalen
and 100 guests aboard left Pier A for is5th
atreet. A stop was made at the footof Houston
street to take on Police Commissioners York,
Sexton and Abell, Chief Devery and Deputy
Chief Cortright and from that point up the
Patrol raced with the Ben Franklin, bound for
Yonkers. The Patrol was a quarterof alength
ahead at 155th street, As the guests went
ashore salutes were fired from the fore and aft
plecesof the Patrol and Wendel’s battery

sponded from the top of the 155th street hill

The guests Jormed in acolumn of twos atthe
foot ot the hill and, led by the Hebrew Orphan
Asylum band and a squad of police, marched
up to Broadway and then north to Lotth street
where there was a crand stand surrounded by
700 children from the grammar school atiseath
street and St, Nicholas avenue. ‘The chiidren
hada half day off in honor of the event. Mean-
time Contractor John KB. MeDonald and Chief
Engineer William B. Parsons had joined the
crowd in the grand stand = Perry Belmont
drove to the celebration with Mrs. Belmont
but he did not leave his carriage, Newell
Martin, chairman of the Committee of Arranwe-
ments, was also master of ceremonies atthe
grand stand.

He first introduced Engineer Parsons as the
representative of the Rapid Transit Commis-
sion. Corporation Counsel Whalen said: “I
thank the Rapid Transit Commission and Mr
Parsons for the compiimentthcy have paid us
by beginning this great work at Washington
Heights. It means that we are now to have
that to which we have looked forward for so
many years,"

Chairman Martin then tntroduced John RB
MeDonald, but the contractor had quietly
slipped out of the crowd and was making tora
clump of trees back of the road. A committee
of three cha-ed him and escorted him back to
the grand stand, where he said. “Ithank vou
allfor this ovation in behalf of Mr Whalen
myself and my help. The work will begin here
and continue, up and down, without delay

Borough President Coogan was called for and
made no effort toescape He referred to rapid
transit as the “crowning work of the first
Democratic administration of the city of
Greater New York.” .

The digging came next. Contractor MeCahe
handed a brand new pickaxe to Mr Whalen
The Corporation Counsel removed his frock coat
and loosened enough earth in the middie of the
roadway to fll the silver loving cup that was
resented to him at a dinner at Sherry’s jast

uesday night by his neighbors on Washington
Heights to show their appreciation of what he
had done for rapid transit. Mr. Martin carried
the cup yesterday in a red bag and Mr
Whalen shovelled the dirt into it witha silver
spade, presented justin time by the William L,
Marcy Association

A dozen laborers in the employ of the sub-
contractor took Mr Whalen’s place then and
threw stuff ont fast enough to satisfy nearly a
thousand souvenig hunters looking for sand
and stone. The official party, including all the

re.

 

 

 

guests who had been on the patrol, then went |

   

to “The Hemlocks,”” where they
guests of George Bird Grinnell
Martin,

were the
ind Newel

A Verdict of $5,726 for Her Son's Death.

A jury in the Supreme Court, Jersey City
yesterday awarded Mrs
Bayonne a verdict of $5,726 ina suit against)
New York and New Jersey Telophonet ompany
and the Hudson County Rlectric Light ¢
pany, Jointly, On Aug. 5, 1806, the plain
son Clarence, 13 years old, was killed ty
ping on a telephone wire which had
roken in a storm. The wire fei acre an
electric light wire, and the swaying caused by
the wind wore the insulation from both wires
The telephone wire was heavily charged with
electricity from the light wire. The defendants
contended that they were not responsibie, as
the accident was caused by the storm,

Elizabeth Rowe of

 

he

  

Ys
step-
been

) ference con

| be seat to conference

 

and an agreement has
been reached by the conferees on the District
of Columbia bill The Naval Appropriation
bill was passed by the Senate to-day _and_ will
to-morrow The Post

Hiittees,

| Office Appropriation bill has been reported to

 

the Senate and may be taken up to-morrow,
The Sundry Civil bill is before the Senate Come
mittee on Appropriations and the General Defl-
cieney bill willreaeh that committee from the
House to-morrow

SLADE, THE MEDIUM, TURNS UP,

Was Sandbageged In New York Fonr Years Ago
and Robbed of $10,000, He Says.
Totrpo, May 14. Henry Slade, onee a noted
spiritualistic medium, who has been believed to
be dead for some time, was found at 281
Eleventh street in this eity to-day taking
magnetic treatment. Somefour years ago he

says he was sandbagged and robbed of $10,000
in New York and upon his partial recovery he
was paralyzed on one side. He suddenly
dropped out of sight, and it was generally sup-
posed that he was dead, His mediumistio
po were Recerien hits, almost wholly, he says,
yut to-day inthe presence of witnesses he gave
tests toshow that they were restored.

NEWPORT DIVORCE CASES,

Indications That Mrs. James Brown Potter
Will Not Contest Her Husband's Sait.

Newport, R. 1, May 14.--The divorce docket

| in the Supreme Court was continued to-day to

 

Monday, June 4. Inthe case of James Brown
Potter against Cora Urquhart Potter no ap-
pearance has been entered for Mra. Potter
which indicates that there will ba no contest o
hissuit. There are two petitions brought by
Emma Guidet Duryee against Gustavus Abeel
Duryea. On the docket also {s the case of
Dorothy Prindall Norman against Hugh K

Norman, whichit seems was not discontinued
as was announced last summer

 

Sale of
Corsets.

Tuesday, May 15th.
Z. Z. Corsets,

pink and blue ; sizes 18 to 24,
in coutillé, sateen striped,
and odd sizes in white and
black, at

SI.50,

value $2.75,

Lord& Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

CARPET CLEANSING, |
| ;

826 7th Av., Near 28th St,

Estb. 1843, Tel, 1182 88th
Send for Circular, ”

1. M. STEWART.

 

BEST &CO

i pre (AAR

°

 

graham product up to

Sold wherever

 
   

Boys’ Golf and
Bicycle Suits.

We have the most extensive and complete lines of
these goods to be found anywhere, each garment bear-
ing a style and character that stamps it as absolutely

correct in every detail and

trained experts, who make

as being the handiwork of
boys’ garments their whole

study, producing a perfection impossible under other
conditions. Below we quote a few instances:

Golf Suits, made of wool materials, in checks and plaids of latest designs, $6.76 to $18
Red Golf Coats, with green collars, $4.50 to $6.75.

Extra Blue Serge Jacketa, without linings, sizes 6 to 18 years, $3.00 & $3.50.

Large assortment of Golf Trousers, made in fancy checks and plaids, $2.50 to $5.00,
Golf and Bicycle Wash Suits, $5.50 to $7.00.

Extra Trousers of duck and brown crash, $1.78 to $8.00,

In connection with the above, we have Golf Hose,

Sweaters, Hats and Caps,

in fact every requisite for

complete outfitting in these as in every other line for
children, and all at the lowest prices.

   

NO ANSWER FROM TURKEY,

A Time Limit May Be Set for the Payment of
the Armenian Indemnity,

WasnInoton, May 14... To-day marks the end

; of the third week since the American demand

 

|} Oblo state

for the prompt settlement of the Armenian in-
demnity was presented to the Porte by Lloyd
C, Griscom, the Chargeé d'Affaires of the United
States at Constantinople. Turkey has made no
response, although it was plainly stated in the
note that this Government expected that the
answer would not be delayed. There was a
presa report from Constantinople last week
that Mr. Griscom had renewed the demand,
but the State Department authorities say that
while his original instructions would permit him |
to press Turkey, he has not informed the De-
artment of any second attempt to stir the
’orte toaction, and had not been specifically
instructed to take that course. In view of the
present condition of the negotiations it {a not
improbable that the Government will make an- |
other and stiffer demand, with atime limit set |
within which Turkey must make a definite re-
sponse
So far the United States Government haa
made no threats as to whatit would do if the |
indemnity is not paid. Its latest note did not
even imply athreat Whether there will be an
ultimatum delivered if Turkey makes an unsat-
isfactory reply or ignores the American de-
mand has not been ascertained, but following
the usual course of diplomacy a formal warning
will probably be delivered before this Govern- |
ment resorts to the extreme course of breaking
off diplomatic relations with the Sultan. Beyond |
such aseverance the Government will hardly |
go if present intentions are carried out p

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, May 14
issued to day

Capt. Alvan C. Gillem, Assistant Quartermaster
recently appointed, from Nashville to San Franetseo.
Major James M. Hurns, relieved from duty at the
University and detailed as professor of mill
tary§sctence and tactics at West Virginia University
Capt. Henry I. Kinnison, Assistant Quartermaster |
U.S. Volunteers, First Lleutenant Fifth Infantry, te
honorably disenarged from the Volunteer servicer of

These army orders were

the United States only upon tender of hits resigna- |
tlon
Lieut.-Col. Charles A. Dempsey, First Infantry,,

andf First §lteut. Halstead Dorey, Fourth Infantry
are detailed as member and recorder respectively, of
the Army Retiring Board, vice Col James Mo Moore
Assistant Quartermaster General, and Capt Edwin A-
Root Tenth infantry, hereby relieved
Major Abiel L. Smith, Commissary of

 
 
  
 

Subsistence

 

from this elty to Seattle, on offcial business per
taining tosupplles of subsistence’ stores for tr ops en
route toandin Alaska

First Lieut. Peart M. Shaffer, Thirteenth Infantry,

to Fort Cook

These naval orders have been Issued
Passed Assistant Paymaster HH. L. Robins, to duty
on the Independence ; :
Paymaster I, ©. Korr, detached from the Inde
Pe lence on reporting of relief and to duty on the
ows
Paymaster J. A. Ring, detached from the | (
age and walt orders ; a heme ay We
assed Assistant Paymaster GG. Seibels j
at he Naval Station, Port Roval, § cent 4 UY |
aymaster S. McGowan, detached from the Naval |
Station, Port Royal. S. C., to home and y
orders to the Alabama wm eer oF |

60-62 West 23d Street.

| officers were being selected

| helpit

} it were dellehted

LIEUT, CRAMER DISMISSED.9@

 

He Is a Son-in-law of Col, Evan P. Howell of
Atlanta, Who Refused to Indorse Him.

WASHINGTON, May 14--Ifeut, Robert B.
Cramer, First Lieutenant of the Thirty-fourth
Infantry, has been court-martialled and dis-
missed from the army. Gen, MacArthur this
morning cabled to the War Department the re
sult of the trial.

Lieut. Cramer {s a son-in-law of Col. Evan P.
Howell and upon representing this relationship
to Gen, Joseph Wheeler the latter indorsed his
application for appointment as a Volunteer
officer, This was done without the knowledge
of Col. Howell, who had denounced him {n his
newspaper as an imposter, afact unknown offt-
cially at the time of his appointment, when

for the Volunteer
rewiments to go to the Philippines Upon
Gen, Wheeler's indorsement of Cramer he was
appointed a Lieutenant Col. Howell disa-
vowed any indorsement of the young man when
he learned of his appointment, but he was al-
lowed tostay in theservice, His conduct after-
ward, however, in securing money before bis
departure for the Philippines, was inquired into
by the War Department and the result of the
investigation forwarded to Gen Otis. A eourt-
martial wasordered with the result that Cra
mer’s dismissal followed

Movements of Naval Vessels.
Wasntnoton, May 14--The training ship
Adams has sailed from San Francisco for Port
Angeles, Wash. The gunboat Wheeling has

arrived at Yokohama, on her way from the
Philippines to Bering Sea

 

AT A SEWING SOCIETY.

Lady Gets Fanny on a Harmless (?) Drink.

“Our Sewing Society meets every week tose®
and we always have lunch, Just assureas
take acupof coffee I act so silly and gay sicn
absurd things itseems as though I were intox-
ieated = 1 feel so ashamed of myself, but cannot
My heart will go like a triphammerand

| Taminvariably kept awake half of that nigh!

So_T thought T would take my Postuin Food
Coffee the next time and you should have hes
the names they called me, ‘old maid,

ete But before the lunch was thro
had more than one convert and tho
They had heard «

      

no iden it Was so gone
“TL have given a wreat deal of Postum away ‘9

 

    

  
 
  

friends, just te econvinee them how ¢ { ‘
and they invariably adoptit. Thereares ,
people Who cannot drnk coffer witt t

tressing them and Postum Food Coffee see ,
he exactly the thing, Postumand | ha ren
old friends for vears [began the use of it en

it was firstintroduced, four or five go
’ At first | thouwht Leonldnot useit. for the wag
I made it, it Was so flat ind tasteless, bur when
] found ont that it simply required lon! ne,
the old trouble disapnenred and we always have
an elegant op of coffee, when we make Postum

right’ Send postal card to Postum Cereal
Co. Ltd, Battle Creek, Mich., for the name ang
address, Put asmall piece of butter the size ¢

we eres in the pot, to prevent it boiling over.

a

—

—TrT=-»s.

ts

Sper r>”4me seo >

450=

Saaas

Sa cee

oor

2esQsOsce sy

2 EES

>

i

=<“

> ie

Haedgscrv-s

--

=2 89759 Se set——e sf

—oacg

wNek-r