oO

r

 

to sew
east
y such
intox-
annot
er and

night.
n Food
heard
rank,’
Ds tum
D triac
t had

ay to
it {9
many
it dis-
ms to
been
when
ago.
jeway
when
piling,

 

 

   
 

BRY AN ANDTOWNE WONT DO

Go PLATFORM MEN SAY KAN-
WONT HAVE IT.

CHICA
SAS CITY

wi Pot « Rock-Ribbed Democrat on the
ticket With) Bryan They Have Got
Pledges That the Hill-Croker State Con-
vention Will Go the Whole Chicago Hog.
The Chicago platform Democrats who are
opposed to the regular organization in this
giata declared ye sterday that they did not
tthe Kansas City Convention would

   

believe tha :
nominate Charles 8. Towne of Minnesota for
Vioe-President. Mr Towne was nominated by
the Populists at Sioux Falls last week, afterthe
Populist leaders who werein the confidence of
Mr Bryan had rec elyved his Instructions as to
ei it should be done by the convention. The
Chicago platform Democrats of this State be-
eve that Mr. Towne {9 80 devoted to Mr
Rryan that be will resign from the Populist
tieket when he nds that he fs not to get the
reguiar Demorratic nomination and will allow
his piace to be taken by some person to be

gelected by the Democrats
platform men may want to have

   

 

he ( ane
soe ike George Fred Williams of Massachu-
petts, or Rear Admiral Schley of Maryland,
nominated, but they believe that someman
froma Western State may get the prize The
leaders of the organization in’ this State said
secterday that while Mr. Towne was person-
ally acceptable to them and wasno doubt able

andearnestinthe Bryan cause, they believe

that the nominee of the Democratio party

would bea man who had been connected with

{t for a great many years, and not aman who

i Republican

the Chicago platform Democracy, {t may be
ed. is made up largely of men who be-

had beer

is » that Col. Bryan's election would put an
endto alo! the economic ills from which the
country is suffering no matter what platform he
ranon MeivillieG Pallisser, one of the mem-
bers of the Chicago platform Convention Come

mittee, said yesterday, that while he knew Mr.
ly and regarded him as an
earnest and aceomplished gentlemen, he did
he was the proper person to reoeive

 
   

Towne per

not thing
the Demecratio Viee-Presidential nomination,
The man to run on the ticket with Col
Bryan, sad Mr Palliser, “must be aman who
hasbeen a Dernocrat always, and bas been in
Remy from the flest with the theory of
government Which Bryan represents. It. will
not defor hate nominate a man, who will, in
av wav, Weaken the ticket. George Fred
Wiliams is a splendid man, but it seams to
is i would be better polities for the dela-
gates to the convention. to select a candidate
who would be reasonably sure of carrying |
hisstate) Rear Adiniral Sehley has been cons
elered very favorably by us With him
er the ticket we think there would be
n y our success {n Maryland
There i serious question, however, whether
{t fnotbe better to take @man from one

ddle Western States, We want alife-
crat for Democrats to vote for. We
an who has a reasonable chanoe of
ing Lis own State and whose name will

en the ticket in every State in the
‘man must te thoroughly ac-
eto Col Bryan, because there must be
confidence between the head of the ticket and
his rursing mate. This matter must be con-
sidered very carefully by the delegates.”

Mr Bryan's loyal followers in this eity were
not surprised at the story printed yesterday
disclosing the fact that Col. Bryan practically
dictated the actions of the Populists. They
would not discuss the subject, but ever since
organization of their party many of its
most prominent members have made open
declaration of their desire todo nothing which
did not meet with the personal approval of
Col. Hryan, They have cried out @ great deal
against the leaders of the regular Democracy
fn the State and tn the ony calling thein bosses
and alave-drivers, but they have always ac-
knowledged that Col. Bryan was their boss and
that they wanted to do whatever was pleasing
to him

The Chicago platform Demooracy is to hold
{ts State convention on Saturday In Teutonia
Assembly Hall, Third avenue and Sixteenth
street. It was the intention of the party to
elect a full delegation from this State to the

ansas City convention, and to put in nom-
nation acomplete State ticket of out-and-out

ryan men, and to nominate Bryan men for

Congress in every Congress district now
represented by @ Democrat, who voted for the
Republican Currency bill at this session. This
plan has been altered slightly because of certain
communications which have reached the
\saders of the fecking Democrats from the men
who areinauthority inthe regulate organization.
The Convention Committee has issued a state-
ment to the members of the party in the course
of which they say:

"The committes have been assnred by men of
prominence, standing and Integrity In the so-
called regular Democratic party that the dele-
gates tothe National Convention from the State
of New York will go to the National Convention
Instructed to vote for the reaffirmation of the
hicago platform and the nomination of theHon
‘liam Jennings Bryan for President. The
Chicago plastorm Democracy is not endeavor-
ing to stir upstrife in the Democratic party
of the State. of New York, but to
assure the reaffirmation of the Democratio

latform, the nornination of the Hon, Wil-
iam ) Bryan and the election of _ the
Democratic candidates for President and Vice-
President in 19%. We t ve decided at our
State convention to be he 4 on May 18 to adopt
@ platform stung forth the principles for
which we stand, demand the nomipationof the

Ho. William Jennings Bryan for Presidentby
the Democratic party, and demand that the so-
called regular Democratie party of the State of
New York send to the National Convention
men pledged and Instructed to vote for the Chi-
cago pintform in {ta entirety and the nomina-
ton of the Hon, William Jennings Bryan,”

Mr. Palliser said yesterday that he was not at
liberty to give the names of the men who had

nade the pledges referred to above He sal
lowever, that they were menin whom he had
entire contidence, and that he balieved that the

Demorratic State Convention on June & would
reaffirm the Chicago platform andeenda Brya
delegation to Kansas City. But Mr. Palliser an
his frends are not going'to take any chances,
The Convention Committee will recommend
tothe Chicago platform delegates when they
assemble on Saturday that they adopt a plate
form, Indorse Bryan and then adjourn until
dune 6, the day after the regular Democratic
Convention. If the regular Democrats do as
their leaders have said they would do at the
convention on June §, the Chicago platform
Democrats on June 6 will codperate with them
Devery effort to elect the ticket. If the regu-
are do not do as they have said they would the
Chicago platform Democrats will send a full
contesting delegation to Kansas City

‘We don't want to fight,” said Mr. Palliser
peeterday, “but wecan fight,and we will if it
A hecessary, We intend that this State shall
© Tepresented by a Bryan delegation at the
Kansas ( ity Convention. We have been assured
that in case the so-called regulars do not re-
affirm the platform adopted in Chicago in 1896.
Phich 's the supreme teat of party loyalty, out
Megation will be seated. We have canvassed
the situation carefully. The National (ommit-
ter is wits We were assured of that sev-
a weessego. But L believe that the regular
PRanization will declare for Bryan and the

0 platform. If they do we will unite
thera -ladiy and present a eolid front to
em in the fight this fall. If they don't we
iwht tor him alone.”
pa got the leaters of Tammany Hall would

\ entanvthing {u regard to these re
vertures to the Chicago platform peo-
‘vy declared that no programme had
‘eed tor the State Convention, and
‘at everything would be decided by tne

 
   
  

the

 

    

BRYAN'S NAME RULED OPP,

Fight tn Maryland Retween Silver Men and
the Democratio Leaders.

Bautimone, May 14.—-At

ee) a meeting of

: State Central Committee

. * A 'erhoon it waa decided that Bryan's

ae * bh not appear on the delegate
aetat » tee

voted for in the local primaries,

ts . _ 1 Detnoeratio Association, which
ie fof Silver men, had requested per-
le 7 he Bryan's name on ite tickets,
Rice Those was to flight the regular organiza-
wat ‘ants to send uninetructed dele-

 

ee in ita letter refusing the
“on states that the course
out precedent and might in-
' the general election. The
A (on Goes not take kindly to
vomittee, Its President
ryan people did not get
osed to appeal to the State
in Case salisfaction was de-
Ns carry the matter to the
> hVvention A compromise will
li ranged by the regular organi-
fh the eye the | Brvanites representation
teks but the delegates to
yn will not be instructed
revials here that) Maryland
'oral vote to McKinley

wie

Talking of Wise for Congress.

d ‘he Hon John 8S. Wise have
ang hderable work lately with a view
! Kepublican nominee for
urteenth district, Mr. Wise’s

hat he will have the support of
cs on the district who are opposed to
¢Use of the Republican County

oo

heres the}

ee
: {—~ Ff.

 

et , ME Linn Brice, one of the Austin
fs ithe Twenty-first Assembly district
Qu be the candidate favored by Mr.

 

-

    

  

————

TIM WOODRUFF'S HOME GUARD.

Brookiya Repablicans to Muster a Delegation
to Philadelphia,

A special meeting of the Republican Execu-
tive Committee in Brooklyn waa held yesterday
afternoon at theJoralemon street headquarters
to consider plans for organizing ablg delega-
tlon to go to the National Convention in Phila-
deiphia next month and whoop it up for Lieut.-
Goy. Timothy L. Woodruff asa candidate for
the Vice-Presidenual nomination. The Logan
Club of Mr. Woodruff’s own bailiwick and sev-
eral other clubs had already atarted arrange-
ments too to Philadelphia, but according to

the programme adopted yesterday all these
will be taken under the wings of the Exeentive
Committee during theexpedition to the Quaker

 

ity
Col Michael J. Dady, chairman of the com-
mittee, advocated sending the delegation asa
rolid body, representing the Kings county Re-
publican organization and bearing badges and
other emblems indicative of its fidelity to the
political fortunes of Mr. Woodruff He esti-
mated that about twenty-five men from each
Assembly district, or 500 all told, would be
anxious to go to Philadelphia. Col Dady's
suguention was adoptedand Robert A. Sharkey,
Alfred T. Hobley and Jesse M, Frost were ap-
pointed a committee to confer with the various
alubs and attend to the details

The Brooklyn men will wear a red, white and
blue badge with the latest likeness of their fa-
voriteson. Incidentally, Col. Dady, Walter B
Atterbury, Magistrate Brennan and Mr. Frost
spoke hopefully of the bright prospects for
their candidate and of a jubilant return
from Philadelphia.

ALLEGANY DEMOCRATS SPLIT.

Both Factions Are for Bryan, but Will Hold
Two County Conventions.

Bourvan, N.Y, May 14.—The Democrats of
Allegany county divided {nto two factions at
the meeting of the County Committee in Wells-
ville. Two meeting were heldand two sets of
officers elected. Two county conventions will
be held and there will be two State delegations.
For some time the anti-organization men,
of which Patrick Kelley is the leader, have
been trying to throw down Homer Elliott,
chairman of the County Committee and Super-
visor of the town of Wellsville. The meeting
to-day splitover the committeqman from the
town of Genesee. The Kelley faction contended
that he had no right to vote. The charge
was denied by the organization and a
similar charge made against the comnutteeman
from Alfred, a Kelley man The Kelley faction
withdrew and helda meeting of their own, fif-
teen of the thirty delegates going out. The
regular organization delegates reelected Flliott
chairman, and named an executive committee,
The regular convention will be heid in Cuba on
May 2% The Kelley faction elected W. M
Sweet, chairman, and named an executive com-
mittee. They will hold a convention at Friend-
ship on May 41 [tis purely a factional quarrel,
Keiley wants tobe a boss Both factiona are
out-and-out for Bryan. The only charge ever
ever made againstyEiliott was that he was

| not hot enough in his support of Bryan, This

he has always denied

TO RUN THE POPULIST CAMPAIGN.

Vice-Chairman Edmiston Will Be in Charge, a8
Senator Butler ts to Retire.

Lincoun, Neb, May 14.-- Vice-Chalrman
Edmiston of the Populist National Committee
is authority for the statement that Sena-
tor Butler, the national chairman, will
shortly resign from that position and that
he (Edmiston) will succeed him. Last winter
Senator Butler said) he would not run
for chairman. again because his Senatorial
campaign would take all of his time. At Sioux
Falls he said that, while he was not acandidate,
he would like to have the office as it would help
him in his candidacy for reélection to the Sen-
ate. When he made his speech in advocacy of
the nomination of a Vice-Presidential candidats
he succeeded in securing the prestige he de-
sired for use at home andhe no longer cares for
the honor of managing the campaign,

Friends of Mr. Edmiston regard Butler's
action as certain to produce better reanits
The main headquarters will be retained here
till November, and special attention will be

yaid to. securing complete fusion in the Da-
f Michigan, Indiana, Ken-

otas, Minnesota, { , 1
tucky, Nebraska and Kansas, Edmiaton’s
ability as an organizer led to a uest from

indiana and Kentucky to be placed under his

jurisdiction

BARCUS'S CONVENTION TO-DAY,

He ls Likely to Be Nominated for Congress in
Spite of Opposition.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 14.—-The Republicans of
the Fifth Congressional district will hold their
nominating oonvention at Greencastle to-
morrow and it now seems probable that James

8. Barcus of Terre Haute will receive the nom!-
nation. Silas Hayes of Greencastle is his chief
opponent. The most bitter fight made against
Barous resulted from his oonnection with
Congressman Richardson in the publication
andaale of the Measages and Papers of the
Presidents’ and many of the leading fepubli-
cans of the district believe that his nomination
will mean theelection of a Democrat He has
succeeded in getting the party machinery

retty well in hand and his nomination on the
third or fourth ballot is eapected.

 

SAYS OROKER TOOK HIS PLACE AWAY,

 

Ex-Gupt. Murphy of Bellevae Seeks to Get
Back by Mandamus,

Thomas F. Murphy, formerly Superintendent
of Bellevue Hospital, asked Justice Andrews
in the Supreme Court yesterday to reinstate
him by mandamus, He was removed by Com-
missioner Keiler soon after the new (harter
went into effect and Warden O'Rourke was
appointed. Murphy says he was told that his
place was the only onefn the department per-
sonally demand by Mr. Croker, Heoontends
that he was illegally removed because no
charges were preferredagainat him. The Court
reserved decision.

PHILADELPHIA'S FUND COMPLETE.

The Lact Dollar of the $100,000 for the Con-
vention Subscribed.

PHILADELPHI4, May 14.—It was announced
to-day at the meeting of the Convention Fund
Finance Committeo that the last dollar of the

uarantee fund of $100,000 had been secured

York on the convention hall {s now practically
completed, and all is ready for the decorators
to go ahead with their labors. On Wednesday
the national headquarters in the Hotel Walton
will be opened

Hese— Goddard Litigation Renewed,

Charles A. Heas has appealed from Justice
Freedman's decision refusing a permanent in-
junction to restrain the custodian of primary
records from putting on the roll of the Twelfth

istrict Republican. Congress Convention
Ris names of two Goddard delegates. The

now before the Appellate
The convention elected es a
delegate to Philadeiphia because the tem-
vorary presiding offcer excluded the two
Pi oddard delegates. This exolusion Justice
Fitzgerald has declared to be illegal, and the
convention must reconvene and again elect
delegates to Philadelphia. On behalf of Capt.
Goddard, John H. Hammond will to-day ask
Justice Freedman for an order requiring Presi-
dent Quigg of the Republican County Commit-
tee to reconvene the convention. Mr. Hes
may secure astay while his appeal in the other
case is pending

Court Calendars Thts Day.

Appellate Division--Supreme Court--Nos. 10, 90,
2, 84, 68, 76, 23, 48, 60, 72, 30, 31, 83, 62, 84.

 

 

natter is
division.

 

 

Supreme Court-Special ‘lerm--Part I. Motion
calendar called at 10:40 A. M. Part IL. -bx parte
mawers. Part IIl.--Clear, Motions. Demurrers

Nos, 1434, 1337, 1834, 134) Preferred Causes-- Nos
4075, 4603, 4805, 6176, 5205, 5140, Part IV.--Case
unfinished. Law and Pact=Nos, 3,000 4046, 4as6,
4304, 4414, 4415, 4418, 4465, 3775, 3688, 2456. Part

V. Case untinished, Cases from Part [V. Part
VL. -Adjourned until Monday, May 21, 1900, Part
VIE. -Case unfinished, Lievated R. R. cases. ‘Trial
Term -Part Il. Clear Preferred Causes—Nos,

10244, 13462, THA80, 11228, OYS2, 130R0, 14617, 11609
12802, 12206, 11337, 12118, 12783. Part J11.--C lear,
Nos, 6855, 6368, 6555, 6627, 7066, 1515, 6664, 6000,
6744, 2562, 4226, 6, 6560, 6 6588, 6822, 5767,

 
  

 

     

6416, 7800, 4464, 7240, 6647, 6726, O751, O77, LO205,
11162. PartI\. Clear, Cases from Part lil. Wart
Vv. -Case untinished. Cases from Part Ill. Part
Vi. Case unfinished. Cases from Part ill, Part
VIL. -Clear. Nos. 5744, 5087, 2001, 5148, 6211, 6410,
6417, 8464, 6380, 577 53, 6015, 492, 8203, 6166,

6220, 6570, 6054, 7152, F464, 2022, 18884, 7506, 75048,

7:50, 3070, 9852, 7744, 7707, G2dd, 5451, 6372, L2v1)
Part ViIIL -Clear. Cases from Part \ Ul, Part 1X.
Case unfinished. Cases from Part Vil, Part
Clear. Cases from Part VU. Pars NL Case un
finished. Cases from Part VII Part XI. -Case

unfinished. Cases from l'art LU,

Surrogate’s Court Chambers -Motion calendar
called at 10:30 A.M. For probate Wills of Tenry
Ruprecht, Mary ‘T. Heckscher. Helen H. DeWitt,
Mary T. Moss, Florence Schoetfel, at 10:30 A, M
Andrew Koch, at ll A. M. Trial Term -Fstate of

Joseph Richardson, at 1u.30 A. M,

City Court Trial Term Court opens at 10:30
A. M. Motions, Trial ‘Term Part |, -Case un
finished. Nos, 20338, 2087, 278, 2074, 2075, 2076,
2077, 2074, 2645, 28464, , 2002, 8000, 2063, dnd,
2028, 3054, 4056, 2406, 1, M10, 2568, 2772, 2774,
4765, 4245, 632, 094, 2754, 2777. Part Ll. Clear,
Nos, 2145, 2634, 2580, 2547, 2347, 2652, 2201, 2620,
2454, 738, 1812, 200, 2610, 261), 2130, 2418, 2264,
2307, 2847, 1885) 45535), 2414, 2400, 2949, 2654, 0601),
261A, 2483, 1037, 1432, 2427. Part Wi, Case un
finished. Nos, 2888 2920, 2021, 2872, 5021, a,
3027 2215, 1710, 2220, 2285, 2140, 2363, 2362,
1240, 2614, 2367, 1731, 2453, 1680, 2706, 2406, 2,
2475, 2709, 2919, 2700, 1487, 2028, 2042, 3076, 2577,
$080, 3082, 3079, 2004, 2101, 2213, Part iv.
Clear. Short causes -Nos. 4602, 4653, 4666, 4574,
3330, 4067, 4638, 4575, 4564, 4480, a7, 4151, 4608,
4677, 4674.

 
        

 
  

    

 

SSS ss SSS at

 
  

 
  

 

 

MORE ARRESTS IN HAVANA,

POSTMASTER THOMPSON SUSPENDED
AND TWO CLERKS IN CUSTODY,

Arrests of Postmasters in the Provinces Ex.
pected—-Civillan Clerks in the Military De.
partment Also Under Suspicion-Men Who
Aided in Disposing of Stolen Stamps,

Special Cable Despatch to THY SUN,

HAVANA, May 14.--To-day's developmenta in
the Post Office scandal show a wider spread of
irregularities than was at first 6uspected, In
consequence Postinaster E, P Thompson of
the Havana local office has been suspended
and {6 practically under arrest. He ts not
imprisoned, but is guarded by Secret Service
offlvers

Edward Moya and Jorge Mascaro, Cuban
clerks in the stamp department, have been
arrested for complicity inthe frauds, They
are charged with being in the scheme to get
rid of stolen stamps. Itissaidthey were fully
cognizant of Neely's alleged operations and
shared the proceeds with him

It is also said that others outside the Post
Office were engaged in disposing of the stolen
stamps. The evidence points to some civilian
clerks {n the military establishment, and ar-
reats there are expected. It is also expected
that several Postimasters in the provinces will
be taken into custody, as the evidence that is
being gathered shows that the scheme could
pot have been carried out without guilty
knowledge on the part of these suspects,

Thus far seven persons have been arrested,
including Neely. Others in the Post Office De-
partment are expected to be relieved before
long, evenif they are not arrested, One man
who knows more about the investigation than
almost any one else said to-day thatif all the
employees of the Department were suspended
who ought to be there would not be enough left
to distribute the mails,

Mr. Rathbone is still nominally head of the
department. He holds conferences with Gov-
ernor General Wood, but beyond what Gen
Wood tells him he knows nothing of what is
going on. Gen. Wood ts doing all the probing
with energy and fairness. Surprise has been
expressed that Mr. Rathbone has been left
nominally tn control and it ts anticipated here
that orders from Washington relieving hin
are apt to come at any time. He refuses to
talk for publication, saying that his position
will not permit him to do so. Hesaid to-day
that he was sure a lawyer, if he hadretained
one, would not permit bim tomake a statement,

It is reported to-night that the Posunuster at
Baracoa will be suspended to-morrow. It {s
alleged that heisan agent of Neely, and that
he ta interested with himina cocoanut farm at
that place, He issaid to have drawn on Neely
through the Post Office Department for $2,500
before Neely left, The order arrived here after
Neely's departure, and this led to a disclosure
of their relations

The transport Sedgwick, which stranded !n
Cienfuegos harbor several days ago, has been
floated without damage, She is expected to
arrive here on Friday

RATHBONE PRACTICALLY DEPOSED.

Fourth Assistant P. M. G. Bristow Ordered to
Cuba to Take Charge of Postal Affairs.

WasHtInoton, May 14.—Tourth Assistant
Postmaster-Cieneral Bristow has been directed
to proceed to Cuba on Wednesday and assume
complete charge of the postal affiirsof the
island. Hisitnstructions are as comprehensive
as possible. He will not only supervise the
investigation of the Cuban post offices just be-
gun by the Post Ofica Department, but he will
direct all the affairs of the Post OMoe in
Havana, euperintend the transportation and
delivery of mails throughout the island and
become personally responsible for every ex-
pense account submitted to the military au-
thorities for approval

By the order directing Mr. Bristow to under
take this commission, Director-General Rath-
bone is in fact deposed as chief of the Cuban
Postal Service. Whether the President and
Postmaster-General contemplate any further
suspension is not announced. The likeli-
hood {s that Postmasterdieneral Smith wil
not recommend Mr. Kathbone's removal
from office until Mr. Bristow shall have sent
to Washington his view as to final action in
thatrespect, Tha Postimaster-General would
not say to-night whether he had or bad not
advised the course suggested~-that Mr. Rath-
bone be temporarily relieved. But it {4s certain
auch is the ease and thatthe President bas given
his Tui Qoncurreuce ‘

Mr. Brdstow's assignment was decided upon
by the Postmaster-General to-day and ap-
proved at an informal Cabinet session this
afternoon = It is now definitely understood,
as indicated in Tur Stn’s despatches of this
morning, that nothing is to be given out
concerning the frauds in Cuba except offleial
bulletins. For example, the Department for-
mally announces this evening A mere statement
that Mr. Bristow has been detailed as indicated,
This attitude is to be preserved, in spite of all
adverse criticiam, until the Administration's
plan shall have been constmmated

No definite Knowledge lias Leen received by
the Administration further than that given in
THE SUN this morning. Unti) the investigaung
commisaions shall report, little or noihing ad-
ditional is expected. To-davy's netion indicates
only the purpose of the President and Post-
master-Geueral to prevent any further miscon-
duct which might posssibly occur while adjust-
ing the frauds alrea iy committed

f. was reported at the War Department to-
day that Director Kathbone’s connection with
the affair ia duetoa laxity in reporting to the
Postmaster-General the condition of the
monthly deficit. [tis said that when the Goy-
ernment was planning for the Postal Service
in Cuba, the President sent for the Postmaster-
Generaland they discussed the queation of keep-
ing the cost of the service within the limits
of the postal recaipis  Atter an investigation
Mr. Smith reported that the cost would tora
time exceed the receipta. He was asked to
peep the deficit as low as possible as it would
1ave to be paid out of the general revenues
of the island, These revenues are in the hands
of the Treasurer of Cuba, and can be
used only upon the endorsement of the
Military Governor, A system of checks was
then devised, the plan being tor Director Rath-
bone to report the deficit monthly to the Post-
master-General, ‘This report would be sent,
with Postmaster-General Smith's endorsement
to the Secretary of War, who wont
transmit it to the Military Governor tor
payment to Director Rathbone It {a
said that for some reason Rathbone
did not report the defleit monthly, but did
present ft te Gen, Brooke and received the
money. In this way the defleit was unknown
to the Postmaster-General and when he did
Rnally call fora statement he received a report
showlng the total deficit, which was surpris-
ingly large.) Gen, Brooke is said to have merely
obeyed general instructions in) paying the
money over to Director Rathbone,

 

 

 

 

SPANISH LAW FOR NEPLY,

He'd Rather Be Tried Here and Will Fight
Extradition--To Be Heard by the Governor.
United States District Attorney Burnett re-

ceived from Washington, yesterday, the requial-

tion of Gen. Wood for the extradition of

Charles F. W) Neeiy, who is accused of having

defrauded the revenues while nancial agent of

posts in Cuba. John D. Lindsay, attorney for

Neely, had an order from Attorney-General

OGriggsto examine the papers, and didso. Mr,

Lindsay said that he would wanta hearing be-

fore the Governor in the matter of extradition

andMien, Burnett saidthat Le would wire to the

Governor and try and make @h arrangement

forahearingin this city befora the Governor

goes back to Albany
telegraphed to Goy

yesterday afternoon

Hien. Burnett, accordingly,
at Oyster Bay
The chances are that the
Governor will come to town to-morrow and

give Neely's counsel a chance to be heard

The other case against Neely, in which he fa
charged with bringing stolen funds into the
United States, isdown forexamination before
Commissioner Shields on Thursday If the
Governor decides to-morrow to extradite Neely,
the local cuse wil be dropped, butif his decision
is the other way, the case before Commissioner
Siueld. will be pushed

Mr. Lindsay, after his examination of the
requisition papers vesterday, said that he waa
very much surprised to learn that the charges
in the paper were made under the old Spanish
law

They accuse my client," he aald, “of viola-
tlon of the penal Code of Cuba, Article CCCCL,
section 3, whieh reads: ‘Any public employee
who has charge of publie funds, who takes or
consents that others shall take any part there-
of, shall be punished with the penalty of
Presidio Mayor ("State prison’ iP nbout the
American equivalent], if the sum taken ex-
ceeds 6,250 pesetas and does not exceed 126,000
pesetas'

“Under this charge, if convicted, my client
can be imprisoned in quarters provides in the
place where the crime was committed for a term
bot exceeding twelve years or less than six

Roosevelt

  

v

 

 

 

years and one day. The charges are not brought
under United States laws, whieh fix amaximum

nalty of five years, Or under the Cuban postal
aws, which provide for a rminimurn of six
months and @ maxim of ten years, They
want to try my ellentin Cuba without a jury
and before a Judge appointed by a Military
Governor, We ask that he be tried {n the United
States as a citizen”

If Gov. Roosevelt decides to sign extradition
papers for Neely, an appeal will be taken to the
courts,

MAYOR ASHBRIDGE ACCUSED,

Sald to Have Delivered a Lewd Speech to
Young Men to Philodelphia,

Privapenvnia, May 4
Alford of the Westminster Presbyterian Church,
who from his pulpiton Sunday accused Mayor
Ashbridge of delivering a lewd address to young
men belonging to the Funeral Benefit: Associa-
tion of the Junior Order of American Mechanics
sent this letter to the Mayor to-day

“Dear Stic In the columns of the Ledger,
which | read this afternoon on my return to
my home, I note that inan Interview with one
of their reporters last evening you branded my
statement in the Westminster Church Sunday
morning as unfounded and absolutely untrue, I
fully realized the gravity of the statement which
Iwas making and made it after due delibera-
tion. Unless I were able to substantiate the
truth of the charge I made, I should certainly
have been greatly injuring and vilifving vou,
for which I should have deserved severe
censure, That there may be no misunderstand-
ing in the matter, I repeat what I said on
Sabbath morning, viz.:

"'T refer you to an address delivered by
Mayor Ashbridge a few weeks after he entered

iis present high office to the delegates at a
convention of the Funeral Benefit: Association
of the Junior Order of American Mechanics in
Odd Fellows Hall, Broad and Cherry streets.
The address {s common property known to

toa large audience of young men, and {fs so
lewd and vile and suggestive of evil that 1
cannot repeat it in this presence’

“You know the course Which is open to all
men in this civilized Jand when they feel ag-
grieved. If Lhearno further from you, I will
allow my fellow citizens to be the judges

“Respectfully, Cuan tes M. ALFonp.”

John J. Mckenna, city editor of the Ledger, who
has the notes made by areporter of bis paper
at the time the speech was delivered, said to-
night in referring to the speech

“Finding upon my desk on the morning after
he delivered the address at a meeting of the

Funeral Benefit Association of the Junior
Order United American Mechanics in Odd

a a

Follows’ Temple, May 8, the manuscript
turned in by the” reporter, who was
present for the Ledger, 1 found re-

| ake ascribed to the Mayor that 1 at the
| tine felt incredibly base, Inasmuch as they
made him assume that the young men — indeed
Inen’=-were going to spent
| and proceeded to advise
aceordingly Taking the manuscript
ity Hall, I showed it to Mayor
| remark that 1_ felt
that no man who would attempt unfairly
lor unjustly to get into print such a
speech wag fit to remain in the service of the
Ledger unless the spoken words fully justified
it. That waa really my purpose in submitting
the manuseript to the Mayor at that time
Having heard me read it through he at once
admitted the accuracy of the report and there-
i the note!

!

he said ‘numarried
the night dissolutely,
them
itself to the ¢
Ashbridge, with

 

the

upon indorsed the manuscript wi
how read to you
‘“'May §.--Mayor Ashbridge this day aw
knowledged to me that he Lad spoken sulbstan-
tially as within reported, but contended that it
was in a facetious sort of way and that it was
j not to the meeting, but inan “aside” to “the
| assemblage.”'*
“Lsubsequently apprised the reporter who had
| reporied the speech of what the Mayor said

The reporter asked permission to add to my
| note one of his own, which Lalso endorsed on
| the manuscript in these words
| ‘*?Thereporter assigned to the dinner says
he was at the extreme lower end of the audi-
toriuin (Odd Fellows’ Temple) and that he dis-
tinetly heardthe Mayor's remarks as he has
writtenthem. He adds that the Mayor's man-
ner wae as sulactous as his observations '

“As the matier was notof the kind that the
Ledger publishea, exeept under extraordinary
circumstances, and I was not willingon account
of its intrinsic interest to throw it into the
waste basket [| put the paper in a
pigeon hole in my desk, News — that
such ®& speech had been delivered wot
out probably because — of the — large
} ber of persons who bad heard of tt and
« uU inquiries reached the Ledger office about
itfrom clereyvinen andothers, Mr. Ashbridge
seenia to think that newspaper men use thelr
ingenuity in unceasing efforte to invent methods

  
 
 

 

  

toattack him I think there can be no mor:
significant offset to thie than the fact that this
report, admitted by him personally to be trie,

and which would have gone farto ruin himatany
time, and Whose existance was known tomany
other newspaper men, jay quietly ina pigeon
hole ininy desk for more than a vear need
hardiy add that I had nothing to do, nor had
the Ledger, with the introduction of the subject
{nto the Rev. br. Alford’s address yesterday
morning *

The Mayor to-night declined to say whether
or not he had recetved Mr Alford’s letter, and
refused to discuss the subject at all,

EAST ORANGE DLADLOCK BROKEN.

City Council Elects a Chairman After Taking
120 Ballots,

Fast Onanar, N. J., May 14——-After having
taken 129 ballots the East Orange City Counel
to-night chose Councilman William Cardwell of
the Firat Ward for {ts chairman, The deadlock
had stood 4 to4 at several meetings, the two
candidates for chairman being Capt. Johns
Palmer of the Second Ward and Thomas W
Jackson of the Fourth Ward, these candidates
refraining from voting. _Attheseasion to-night
Mr. Cardwe}! was elected by a vote of 9 to 1, he
voting for Mr. Jackson,

MountVernon
Pure Rye

It commands the high-
est price of any whiskey
in bottles and is mainly
used by people who
want the best and are
able to pay the price.
With this class it has
a larger consumption
than any other brand.

a Ee OF
punt gare
mmis pins €o

Buy the distillery bottling in these
cuss bottles with distillers verti.
Toate of purity and original condition

on each bottle.

It always has the preference for
medicinal purposes.

Tar COOK & BERNHEIMERCO.,

NEW YORK CITY

‘The Rey, Charles M, |

many; Infact is notorious as it was delivered |

 

THE SUN, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.

——— ee ee

 

 

  

NEW CRITICISM CROPS OUT.

| PLAIN TALK AT UNION SEMINARY'S

ALUMNI BANQUET.
Lyman Abbott Says It's Not Trae That We
Must Walt to Hear What God Said to Us
in the Bible-Address on ‘The Preacher's
Duty in the Time of Theological Change.”

The alumni of Union Theological Seminary
had a dinner at the Hotel Manhattan last night
as part of the sixty-fourth annual commence-
ment of the seminary, President Charles Cuth-
bert Hall was in the chair. The Rev, Dr. Sam-
uel M. Hamilton of Englewood, N. J., delivered
an address on *The Preacher's Duty inthe Time
of Theological Change." Hle said in part

“The present days are days of difficulty for
the preacher, more marked than in any pre-
Vious epoch in history, The discoveries and
Application of science have set people to think-
ing and caused them tolong for realities, It is
6aid that thevlogy has not kept time with the
adviunces made in science, Numbers of
Christian people to-day hold the old interpreta-
tions of the Scripture with great difMfldence. It
should be our aim to find out the actual truth
and hold to what we consider to be truth

“The changes in the theology of to-day have
produced two sets of people to confront the
preacher: those who believe in the old defini-
tions and those who believe in the new
definitions in aceordance with scientifle ree
searches, The task of the preacher isa dificult
one and those who so freely criticise him may
be glad they have not his position. Some
preachers are iconoclasts and smash all the
old definitions that come before therm,
They revel in the newest ideas and
think God only works through the uew theol-
ogy. The obseurantist and the fconoclastio

reachers are both dangerous to the church

he type of religion we inherited from the
Puritans is narrow and one-sided: they did not
understand science in those days. The preacher
Miust be able to Convince his congregation that
there Were some things which were once con-
sidered essential to our creed) but which truth
compels us now tu acknowledge as not es-

sential.”

Afterthe Rey, Dr. J. M. Ludlow of Fast
Orange had given a humorous sketch of “The
Minister's Idols,’ the Rey Dr. Ivman Abbott
spoke on “Tradition or Liberty” He sald tt
ave him great pleasure to_addresa the Union
Seminary which had an Episcopalian in one
chair and a Congregationalist {n another, He
wanted {t understood that he spoke only for
himself and not even for Plymouth Chureh.
He asserted that the prevaling religious theory
is that tnankind ia not capable of hearing what
God bas to suy to them ana so there must bea
vicar to receive the communication. The vicar
f named the Pope or the Westminster Assem-
ply

“The Book takes the place of God in this
creed,"' the speaker said, ‘and so you have this
Viearinterpreting what God has to say to His
people. [can understand the Roman Catholic
Chureh in this matter for it is harmonious and
consistentin its doetrines and teachings; to
doubt the doctrines of that Church is to doubt
what God says, but I cannot understand the
theory of the Protestant who says that if you
do not believe all thatis in the ereed you must
be turned out. You cannot reconcile’ the con-
tradictory teachings in the Protestant Church.
lt one i. true, then the other is false,

“LT believe that God speaks tous to-day as
truly as he spoke to the Propheta and the
Aposties, and the Bible, the creed or the Church
cannot be at substitute for tt, but should bea
help to the voice of God Christ, Himself, said
the word of God had been cistorted, and this
Was because the preachers and writers had put
the traditions between the soul and God.
The Church {is no longer the  vice-
regent of Christ. Your ancient creed {s
a tine monument, but we do not live{n monu-
ments. I object to some person declaring I
niust takea certain creed or get out. It is not
true that wa must walt to hear what the ex-
perts declare God said in the Bible. That
would mean that only a few men are capable of
knowing what God is saying to us. 1 indict the
spirit of traditionalism which deinands that we
believe what the Fathers belleved and re-
fuses to let us think for ourselves. It makes
the highways to God obstacles for the passage
of souls.”

   

 

OPERATION OF THE MILK TRUST.

 

It Doesn't Deliver Bottled Milk, and That
Bothers the City Dealers.

Under the operation of the collecting and dise
tributing agency of the New York Dairy
Product Company, otherwise the ‘Milk Trust,”
individual milk dealers have been having diffi-
culty since the latter part of last week, when
the trust begau to operate, in securing their
usual milk supply. Farmers who have been
sending their milk to these dealers have in
large part thrown In their interests with the
trust and sel toitnow, so that the individual
dealers Ond their supplies curtailed. To secure
the rest of What they require they are obliged
to go tothe trustand buy, paying the brokerage
lee ot tive cents a can above the price fixed for
the milk per quart

These chief diMenity, so far as de-
veloped at present, isin the matter of bottled
milk, whieh used to come to them {tn boxes,
Now, as not enoughtof it comes in this way,
they haveto buy milk in bulk from the trust
and tuke it home and bottle it: themselves,
Which necessitates purchasing a supply twenty-
four tours ahead of the time it {s wanted for
distribution, the wilk men say, and the storing
of it tor a part of this time is In ice boxes

The trust is now selling to any or all deale
but its plans contemplate the establishment o
a delivery system of ita own, so that the
middie dealer will in time be eliminated and
the trust will be the only agency between the
farmer and the consumer

 

cealers

 

MR. CLEVELAND GOING TO CURA,

He Will Start To-day for a Cruise With E. ©,
Benedict and Joseph Jefferson,
GREENWICH, Conn, May 14—-The steam
yacht Oneida, withits owner, E. C, Benedict
aboard, will leave Indian Harbor to-morrow

| after a week of preparation for a two weeks’
| crulse, The yacht will go to East 26th street, New
| York, where ex-President Grover Cleveland

and Joseph Jefferson will go aboard, The
Oneida will then sailfor the South = Itis ex-
peeted thatthe party willgoto Havana. The
trip is for pleasure and business combined.

The Weather,

The warm wave was felt yesterday from the
central Mississipp!, Ohio and Tennessee valleys and
Lake regions east to the Middle Atlantic and New
england coasts. The maximum temperatures tn all
these districts ranged between 84 and 94 degrees.
The heat was duc to an area of low pressure moving
slowly eastward over the Lake regions and drawing
northward warmer alr thrown off by an area of high
pressure central over the South Atlantic States. This
combination ts Itkely to keep tt warm here for a day
or two longer

It was cool yesterday In the States bordering the
east side of the Rocky Mountains: in Wyoming {twas
2 degrees above freezing tn the morning

Fair weather was general, save for showersover a
belt suetehing from ‘Texas northward over Okla-
homa, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, lowa, Wiscon
sin, Minnesota and northern Michigan and in south
ern Florida

In this city the day was fatrand abnormally warm;
the maximum was 88 degrees at3P. M., which was
& degrees higher than the record for May 14, whieh
was 80 degrees in 1880, The wind was westerly and
southerly; average velocity, 18 miles an hour; aver
age humidity, 71 per cent; barometer, corrected to
read to sea level at 8 A, M., 30.02;3 P. M., 20.04,

The temperature as recorded by the offictal ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the

 

gtrect level, {s shown in (he annexed table
-OMetai~ Sun's -—OMceial~ Sun's.
M00. 1880. Lyd. 1900. 1899. 1900
9A. M.74° 58? 74°) 6P. M, &6 67° Ane
12M AA? OS t VP, ML 78? 62° 77
SP. M.A8® ¢S? 83,12 Mid. 74° 88e 75°
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND To-

MORROW

For the Distriet of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland
Virginia, eastern Peunsylvania and New: Jersey,

fatr, continued wart today; Wednesday partly
cloudy, posstbly thunderstorms and cooler tn after
noon orevening; fresh south to west winds.

York, fair, continued warm in
nd thundersiorma and cooler in nortn

For easter

south, showers

 

 

  

and ce rtions today, Wednesday, thunder
storms ane fresh south to west winds

For Maine and New tlampshire, partly cloudy,
with siowers today and probably Wednesday;
variable winds

For Vermont and Massachusetts, partly cloudy to
day, showers aod cooler in west portion Wednesday, |
shower erin west portion; variable winds,

For Rhode Isiand and mnecticut, felr today,
continued warm in interior, Wednesday, showers,

cooler tu intertor, fresh south to west winds

For western New York, Showers and thunderstorms
to-day, cooler, except near Lake Erie: Wednesday
showers: fresh to brisk south to west winds

For western Pennsylvanta, thunderstorms and
cooler today; Wednesday, showers cooler; in south
portlon; freah south to westiwinds.

 

Court of Appeals Calendar,

ALBANY, May 14.-—Court of Appeals calendar for
to-morrow: Nos. 316, $19, 520, 523, 520, 1,046,
419 and 627.

 

_-———— eee

 

 
   

 

Indigestion

and

Mal=Assimilation.

SAMPLES OF KUTNOW’S FREE,

SAMPLES OF KUTNOW’S

FREE.

Kutnow’s Powder Assures a Perfect Digestion
and Assimilation and Speedily Dispels the
Sick Headache, Neuralgia, Anzemia, Insom-
nia, Absence of Appetite and of Energy
Which Imperfect Digestion Causes.

SAMPLES SENT FREE.
SAMPLES SENT FREE.

The maintenance of a vigorous digestion is one of the surest of safeguards
against ill-health, A clean, active stomach, liver, and kidneys assures a good
supply of brain and bodily strength and vigor; but an inactive and disordered
stomach, liver, and kidneys means sick-headache, neuralgia, anemia, insomnia,
absence of appetite and of energy, anda hundred other distressing symptoms,

The surest way to maintain the digestive orgins in a vigorous condition is
by the use of KUTNOW’S Improved Effervescent POWDER, which for this
purpose is, in most respects, superior to the noted European mineral springs
from whose curative properties Kutnow’s Powder is composed.

Kutnow’s Powder washes out the impurities by which the sluggish and dis.
ordered condition of the digestive organs is caused and restores the entire syse

tem to a clean, wholesome, healthy state.

As a result, the food is properly

digested and assimilated, the brain and body more completely nourished, the
nerves freed of the waste matters by which they are irritated and poisoned,
the blood is rendered more pure, the skin freed from blotches and pimple:,
the capacity for eating, sleeping and working is restored, and all the other
ailments which follow from imperfect digestion of the food soon disappear.

If you are troubled with any of the stomach, liver, or kidney ailments for
which a course of mineral spring treatment is prescribed, and have no desire to
spend the time and money which a trip to these springs involves, try a course
of ‘ Kutnow’s,” which will enable you to secure speedy and permanent relief at

your own home.

WRITE FOR A FREE SAMPLE.

For Seven Days KUTNOW BROS. (Ltd.) will send a SAMPLE FREE and POSTPAID to every adult
applicant who fills in the following and forwards It to “Kutnow's"’ office—

NAME, 2.0. 0000000000008 0000506006000000000006000000000 0009000098 000000000000 000s seen

ADDRESS. ...cccscoccvvercccvecersvecssvcvececesccvccveccceecscoeeessccecseeerecouese

M, By 005 eb wine 8005p eu 0000000080908 RKN8 TORRE OEE OOOO OR HEME Feeereeesereeree®

SOLD BY ALL DEUGGISTS,

REFUSF SUBSTITUTES; THEY ARE INJURIOUS,

KUTNOW BROS. (Ltd.), 853 Broadway. New York City.

 

SYMPATHY WITH MR. WANAMAKER,

The Mayor Called on to Dismiss the Director
of Public Safety or Resign.

PHILADELPHIA, May 14.~At @ special meeting
to-day of the Municipal League,\which ts com-
posed of many of the most influential business
men of the city, these resolutions were adopted:

“Whereas, A charge bas been made by Mr
John Wanamaker that the Director of Public
Safety of the city of Philadelphia on Thursday,
May 10, 1900, atternpted by threats of persecu-
tion of Mr John Wanamaker to deter a news-
paper in which ho was alleged to have been in-

terested from the criticism of the Mayor and
Director; and,

“Whereas, Such an attempt of intimidation of
@ private citizen by a public official is destruct-
ive of constitutional government, of Iiverty of
speech, of freedom of the press and of inde-
pendent criticism of the official arts ot public
bhicinia, and subversive of the fundamental
rights of the popular government, now, there-
fore, be it

“Reeolved, By the Roard of Managera of
the Municipal League of Fallageipas that
unless the above allegations of intimidation
was made by the Director of Public Safety
as the Mayor's authorized agent and by his
express ordere, it is the plain duty of Mr
Ashbridge to disavow all connection with this
outrage, and to institute immediately an. in-
vestigation into the conduct of the offending
official, and, in the event of the charges against
him being substantiated, to dismiss him from
office, and be it further

Resolved, Thatin the event of Mr Ashbridge
beipg unable to disavow the responsibility of
thidaction of the Director of Public Safety bt
fa his duty to resign his position as the exeou-
tive head of the eity of Philadelphia.’

Some comment has been caused by the fact
that State Senator David Martin called to-day
on Mayor Ashbridge and subsequently on Mr
Wanamaker. While he was with Mr Wana-
maker, ex-Judge Gordon, who resianed from
the bench to fight Quay and k A. Van Valken-
burg, who manayved Mr. Wanamaker's cain-
paign {in the State against Quay, and who is
now general manager of the North American,
Joined the two. The purpose of Mr. Martin's
visit is not Known

The Fon, William Berri Gives a Dinner,

The Hon. William Berri of the Brooklyn
Standard Union gave a dinner last evening in
the Union League Club of New York to a
pumiber of his personal friends
eociates Thera were speeches by  ex-
Mayor Schierin of Brooklyn, ex-Mavor Strong,
George H. Daniels, Consul to Birmingham
Halstead, and others of the party, among
whon were Grant &. Hamilton, the cartoonist
of Judge, W. J. Arkell, Manasrer Young of the
Kings County Electric Light Company, N
Townsend Thayer, Col. George A. Price,
Charles W) Price, George Provost, John A
Sleicher, John A. McKay and Dr. L. J.. Sea-
man

and as

JOTTINGS AROUT TOWN

Tre SUN reeetved vesterday
MeSweeny for the liver {

THE SuNrecetved yesterday $1 from 'W
for the family of Sergt. Douglass

The Hudson River steamer Mary Powell will begin
her regular trips for the season on Monday, May 21,
leaving Desbrosses street, North River, avaio P.M
and West iwenty-second streetatkao0p M

$10 from Fdward

ind

ar

 

| DOCTOR PULLED HER HAIR,

 

 
  

 

CALLED HER NAMES, TOO,

DONWORTH SAYS.

miss

It Wasn't Always What Me Said, but How He
Said It-She Told Him Men Were Horse-
whipped for Less Where She Came From
and He Slapped Her—He Has a Grievance.

Dr. Charlos H. Tobynne of 121 West Nine-
tleth street was taken .to the West Side police
court yesterday on a warrant charging him
with assaulting Miss Lillian Donworth of 125
West Ninetieth street and calling her names
she didn’t like. Miss Donworth told Magis-
trate Mayo that Tobynne had made sneering
remarks several times as he met her on the
street and that on Saturday afternoon as she
waa sitting at the window, the doctor camo
by, and looking up called her a “dirty Cali-
fornia woman.” She went outside and asked
him to apologize

“[ dida’t mean that for you, you Ifttle Cal-
{fornia whelp.” said the doctor, according to
Miss Douworth. She told him that where
she came from men were horsewhipped for
treating a woman like that and he replied that
no one could whip him, and he'd elap her face
if Khe didn't mind her business.”

"Ll told him he couldn't slap my face,” sald
Miss Donworth, “but he did. Then he pulled

me by the hair into my house and clutched
pe by the throat so that I coughed for two
ONIN

\ Mra Buuer, with whom Miss Donworth
lives, corroborated her story in part. She
also enid that Dr Tobynne jad called her
names for a year and a halt

"These women,” said ly Tobynne, “have
been trying they best to injure my practios,
They say all they can to hurt me,”

“Well, did you call her a dirty Californta
woman?” asked the magistrate,

Yes, 1 did,” answered Dr Tobynne, “but
she called me @ great deal worse”

Ob" put in Miss Donworth, “really, Judge,
he's been saying horrid things about is,
ft wasn't alwarve what he sald, Judge,

Butler
but Wie way he saiditt.’

Phe doctor adinitted that he b pull
Mise Donworth’s hair, but sald he diditin self-

defence, und exhibited his waistcoat, from
which he said she had ripped half of the but-
fons

"T did that,” admitted Miss Donworth, “bu
I hod to in self-detence. He nearly choke
me”

“Well.” said the Magistrate, “this te most
extraordinary conduct for a professional man,
doctor, and [ want to get at this case fully.
Both of you return to court to-morrow after
boon and bring witnesses.”

 

Arrtvals at Newport,

Nrwront, R. 1, May i¢ —Mrs. I. P. White
haa rented her cottage on Red Croas avenue to
Mrs Schuvler Van Rensselaerof New York, for
the coming season. The Karl of Yarmouth has
taken the Armington villa for the summer,
Ihe following New Yorkers arrived at their
Newport houses to-day for the season: Mre,
Jiorke-Roche, Mr and Mrs, Frederick Bheldoa,
Huwh D. Auchincloss and Mrs. Mason Rensha

Jones

 

a

[A FERNANDINA

CLEAR HAVANA CIGAR

Smokers everywhere (if they have good taste) find PLEASURE

and SATISFACTION in La Fernandina.

The quality and

flavor which makes it the best clear Havana cigar assures both.

Different sizes,

10-15-20-25c.

All leading cigar stores and hotels.

MICHAELIS
ERNARD_ST,

fea

 

& LINDEMAN 459 Broadway N.Y.
HL & CO., Makers.

—

a