oe
ae

aid

pe Rae a

enna a ae ne eal ae

ee

aii

BS

ei

ie
4
k
3

t

a | |
coe |!

eee

aaa ee ent aeteaietnesheteusearspeetemsmpeenirnseeronetensoerwen acsmec-seveee, ee a re wr ee

a aeed-can ene

a

eantedtine) bemneiadameans—<e

ee

 

  
 

 

~~ a told of
Halted 84

 

INJUNCTION KEPT PEACE.

CIGAR MANUFACTURERS ASK
HAVE IT MADE PERMANENT.

TO

That Part of Justice Freedman's Order For-
the Payment of Money to Strikers
to I eo Them to Remain Out Is Espeo-
fally Objected To by Their Counsel,
8. Levy & Co, clgarmakers at 423-425 Kast
Bixty-third street, asked Justice Andrews of the
Bupreme Court yesterday to make permanent
the temporary Injunction issued by Justice
Freedman against the Cigarmakers’ Inter-
national Union of America, its localunion No. 14
and their members. ‘Thisisone ofthe large cigar
manufacturing firms which have been consider-
ing other locations for their business, finding
that strikes were driving cigarmakers out of
town. The temporary injunction, besides in
general restraining interference with the firm's
business end specifically preventing the annoy-
ing, accosting, threatening and waylaying of
the plaintiffs, their employees and persons seek-
ing work, and picketing the plaintiff's prernises,
bore on a novel line of restraint. [t enjoined:
“Paying any persons any snin of money for
picketing, patrolling and loitering about the
plaintiff's premises * * * * and paying or
offering or promising to pay toany employees of
the plaintiffs any sum of money for the purpose
of inducing such person or persons to refuse to
enter plaintiffs’ employment and from paying
and promising to pay to any former employee
of the plaintiffs any sum of money for the pur-
pose of continuing organized, concerted and
combined action on the part of said former em-
ployees of plaintiffs with the object and
purpose of interfering with and preventing
the plaintifs from carrying on their business ”
Clarence J. Shearn of Einstein & Townsend,
ttorneys for the plaintiffs, stated that the Arta
ad employed 300 persons and made 50,000
Areaday. It was paying the prevailing rate
of wages, When on Mareh 15 about one hun-
red and fifty of the men quit work. The next
ay the others quit There had been no warn-
in this move. A so-called strike committee
called on the firm and said the employees would
go back if their wages were increased 30 to 40
per cent. and their hours shortened fhe firin
told the committee that although they were
paying the prevailing rate of wages they were
notexacting the full prevailing rate of hours,
and that to grant the request of the strikers in
full would mean that the business could not be
coggaoted ata pront
“The chief defendants,’ said counsel, “are
professional labor agitators and are not en-
gaged in any business, except that of eee
strikes, fostering such strikes when delared anc
maintaining pickets where strikes are in pro-
ress. They are memtersof the Cigarmakers
nternational Union ef America and iis local
branch. Other defendants are striking em-
ployees of the firm, who have been engaged to
maintain a picket service about the factory, A
large partef theemployees were not menibers
of the local union.’
Counsel said he did not charge that Local

 
 

No. 6 had ordered the strike, but since it he-
gan that local has hadit in direct charge He
explained;

rhe action of the picket service instituted

consists in having two or three employees
arade up and down in front of the plaintiffs’
actory at such times as persons are either
eeking for employment or going to or return-
ng from work t not only consisted of the
parade but the pickets took the names of all

raons seeking employment or entering into
he employ of the plaintiffs, and with achive
tis

and open intimidation and coercion.
reaulted in the complete Inability on the
part of Levy & Co to. obtain workers

and resume their business. Jostling up against
ersons trying to go into the sactery, pulling
thelr clothes off and other species of Intimida-
tion were practised. As many of the eluployees
were girls they were suseeptible to this kind of
intimidation. Vile names were also called those
who dared to seek employinent, and in some
inatances persons seeking work or declining to
Join the st kere were struck in the tace by the
loketa. f s continued until the Court of

quity igsued {ts temporary injunction and
interfered with and prevented these acts. Since
then we have had no acts of violence com-
mitted and the policemen, whom we were colu-
pelled to get to guard our hands from ill-treat-
ment, have been dispensed with. The result of
the lojunotion in every way justifies the order
of Justi reedman ’'

Counsel said he had an affidavit of Moses

vene, who had been one of the strikers, and
who had nega put on ploket duty
he got $2a ay “for the dastardly work of in-
timidating gir 2 6% to the factory to earn an
honest Hvelihood."’ Counsel said Levene also
card tas by the strike committee
ntrol Card for Non-Unionists "
At the bottom of the card was printed:

‘Take notice: Every holder of this oard must
predyce this card every day at his or her shop
in. order to have it inspected by the committee

In this way, eoynse eaid, the strike commit-

t @ people ub

tee kept ack 0 nder their oon-
trol. Fach striker received $3 a weak out of
the strike benefit fund and had to give a re-
eipt for it
¢ wyer Shearn was {nterrupted at this point
b: stice Andrews, who said he had exceeded
his allowance of time

Vernon M. Davis, for the defendants, said
thatthe Injunction was an extraordinary one

cayse it restrained from paying strike
enefite, which had always been paid in strikes
without legal interference, and he said he un-
derstood such paymante could not legally be
en) ne He submitted affidavits which he

id would disprove the allegations of intimida-
tion. The atrike, he said, waa organized to
mainta'n certain rates of pay and a diminution
ofthe hoursof labor. These efforts were to
amellorate the condition of the employees and
they were not an offence against the law.
Justice Andrews reserved decision

PRESIDENT PERKINS ARRIVES

George W Perkins, President of the Cigar-
makers’ Interrfational Union, arrived jn this city
yesprday and addressed the striking olgar-

akersattheir headquarters, Bohemian Na-
tiénal Hall in Fast Seventy-third street, Ho
would oar nothing about injunctiona, He told
the meeting that the union would spend its
last dollar, if necessary, to ald the strikers {n
tha present strike

Vernon M. Davis anid regarding the alleged
intention of the union to proceed against a
number of the manufacturers for conapiracy
that the union would walt until a decision had
been given on the injunction argument. The
union, he said, had some evidence, but not
enough to warrant a conviction, and in the
meantime a search was being made for more
evidence

“We know,” he said, “that a number of the
manufacturers held a meeting and decided to
lock ont their employees We believe that this
waa dona to prevent these men from contri-
buting money to aid the cigarmakers who were
on strike, but we have vot evidence enough
yet to proceed on "'

NO TIE-UP IN KANSAS CITY,

Street Cars Ran on Regular Schednle— The
$50 Strikers Parade,

Kansas City, Mo, May 14. The street car
Gtrike here has thus far proved of no effect ex-
cept to put the 350 strikers outof jobs The
cars are running us regularly as before the
strike was declared

There wasa little ripple of excitement this
afternoon when Mayor Reed gave the strikers
@ permit to parade the streets, and they set out
with a brass band to serenade the various ear
barna and power houses Kverybody expected
trouble, and the police reserves were called out
and stationed along the line of mareh. But the
march was positively funeral lik

The union leaders first applied fora parade

rmitto the Chief of Police and he refused

hen they wenttothe Mayor. He is a Brvan
Damocrat, who was elected last month on an
anti-street railway monopoly platform, and he
gave the permit in spite of objections by his
two colleagues on the Board of Police Commis.

 

   
 

sione However, no harm eame from the
march.

6 strikers hope much from a resolution
they have secured from the central labor or-
ganization Urkibe Union men vot to ride on

‘seab’’ cars

PREIGHT HANDLERS ASK A PARLEY,
Saperintendentsof the Erie and Central Roads
Willing to Confer With the Strikers

Francis Bo Delehanty of the
Biate Board of Arbitration received a letter
yesterday from Commissioner Webster at
Buffalo, asking him to arrange for a confer-
ence between representatives of the striking
freight handlers of that city and the New York

Central and Erie railroads The freight
handlers at Buffalo are striking fora shorter
workday and more pay, and they ask that the
conference shall take place inathis city. Mr
Delehanty called on the superindenta of both
roads, who told him that they

Commissioner

 

the

were rendy to
erant an interview to thestrikers’ committee
either in New York or Buffalo, but that trans
portation will not be furnished as the jen had
Tequested
CHICAGO NON-UNION MEN HRD,
Attacked by Unton Strikers Pollee Again

Accused of Neglect.

CHICAGO, May 14 -Four men ware injured in
@ fight between union and nog
ters at the new Telephone building at 20 Seeley
avenue to-day union men, M
R. Brown of 2307 Cottage Grove avenue, was ine
saree so severely by being struck
peed othe Dele hat it vee :
to dress his wound Three of his semamatlons
Feceived minor injuries, One of the non-union

HUMION ifton sete

on the
heces-ary

Ee

 
    

men drew a revolver and frightened away, the
union men by firing itinto the alr, A riot*call
wassentto the West Lake street station, but
the participants in the flght scattered before a
patrol wagon fullof officers arrived. No ar-
rests were nade = Because of the assault work
on the building was stopped. Kenewedcharwes
of neglect on the part atthe police were made
by the Building Contractors’ Council to-day

ONE ST. LOUIS STRIKE MAY END,
Talk of Settiement on Sabarban Line Guards
Fuchange Shots With Wire Catters,

Sit, Lorik, Mo, May tt This has been a
day of conferences over the street car tle-up
Tate this evening it was announced that an
agreement had been reached whereby a set-

tlement of the troubles on the Suburban Syve-

tem will be reached and the cars operated
48 Usual to-morrow
On the Transit Line, however, there is no

prospect of a peaceable settlement of the
troubles Business men, taxpayers, @m-
piovees and officers of the company were in

conference all the afternoon, but failedto agree
on any one of the points in tesue

Meantime two more lines operated
under police protection to-day (han on Satur-
day All over the city the tracks of various
lines in the system are buried beneath tons
of debris. The Street Cleaning Department
has worked all day in removing the obstruc-
tions, but only euceeeded in keeping the roads

that are being operated fairly clean. Not-
| coe ee the negotiations for a settle-
'

were

ment men to take the places of strikers are
being brought in at the rate of 200 a day

In answer to the polioe board advertisernant
for 2,500 men to aet as special officers at $8 a day
during the strik but 204 presented thern-
selves to-day. Karly this morning guards
patrolling the tracks of the Meramie division
of the Mitnirban system engaged ina pitehed
hattle ont in the country with wire cuiters
Shots were fired, but se far as is known ne one
was hurt

Valk of a sympathy strike among the trades
grows daily While many of the unions have
contracts with employers, running trom one
to ix years, it is believed that several organ-
{zations are only kept from going out by the
restraining influences of their national officers
Arrangements are maturing to have Debs,
Gompers, Sovereign, Parsons, Mitchell, Burns
and other heads of national bodies visit the
olty to ald the street car men by stirring up
public sympathy

 

FLECTRIC LIGHT LINEMEN OUT,

Prospect That Philadelphia May Suffer From
Darkness To-night.

PHILADELPHIA, May 14--The electric light
linemen went on strike th's morning for shorter
hours and increased pay, and unless their de-
mands are granted by the companies the pros-
pect is that to-morrow night this city will be
without electric lights. Their organization also
takes in the electrical workers of Camden and
Atlantic City, and whatever action ts taken
here will be followed in those two cities

It Is probable that the telephone service of
the city will also suffer as the Bell Telephone

men are meinbers of the organization, and
} about SO per cent. of them have already quit
work The men have made no demand as yet
upon the Western Union, the Postal Telegraph |
or the Union Traction Company The demands
are only being made upon the companies
| Whose work requifes the men to face the great-
ext danger If the companies do not yield
to-morrow it is probable that the trimmers
| will be called ont, and in that event many of
the street lamps will be out to-morrow night

 

 

 

1ABOR IN THE GRIP OF MOTHERS,

The Women of Nanticoke Take Steps to Pre-
vent a Strike of Breaker Boys.

WILK ES-Bannk, Pa, May 14- Astrange pro-
cession walked to Breakers No Sand7 at Nan-
tleoke this morning. It consisted of about two
score breaker boysand their mothers and each
boy was held tightly by a grip on his collar
taken by his mother The bove weretaken into |
the breakers and the mothers waited until |
work had started and then went home |

\

 

 

The boys have heen turning things topsy

turvy atthe mines Each time they refuse to

vene said | work the mines have to suspend, and five times

in the last two weeks the 250 boys have caused
the 1,000 men to remain idlea day. The moth-
ers hearing that another strike would ocenr to-
day took a hand in the altair themaeives and
saw that their boys reached the breakers

KANSAS CITY BUILDERS' LOCK-OUT.
Effort to Break Up the Trades Coancil

on Convention Hall Not Affected

Kansas City, Mo, May 14 -Thelock-out or-
dered by the Builders’ Club became effective this |
morning. Members of the club say about eight
hundred men were locked out. The action was
ordered in an effort to break up the Building
Trades’ Council and force each union to treat
with contractors Independently

The lock-out does not affect work on the
Convention Hal! About half the steel trusses
for the roof are In place

Work

Atlantic City Linemen Strike.

ATLANTIC City, N. J. May 14—About one
hundred linemen employed by the various
electric companies of this city struck to-day,
demandi:g $276 for nine hours work. They

had been receiving $250 for ten hours work
The demand was acceded to by the Atlantic
City Electric Light Company and the Atlantic
Coast Telephone Company and the men Im-
mediately returned to work The Delaware
and Atlantic Telephone Company declined to
pay the increased rate and ita men are still out.

Jast Strack and Said Nothing.
All work at the factory of the W. © Vosburgh
Manufacturing Company, at Smith and State
streets, Brooklyn, has been suspended since

May 8 Theemployees, numbering about two
hundred, stopped work suddenly without mak-
} ing any demands and Mr. Vosburgh said ves-
terday, that he did not know why the men left
but surmised it was through sympathy forother
strikers. The company makes gas and electric
fixtures

 

Settling Philadeiphia's Labor Dispute,

PHILADELPHIA, May 14 —There is now a
possiblity that peace wili be arranged between
the labor organizations, whose differences two

weeks ago resulted in throwing out of work
19,000 men. Four-fifths of these men have
gone back towork. It has been agreed that
the remaining 2,000 shall return to work for a
week, during which time an attempt will be
made to adjust the existing differences,

OBITUARY,

Rowland Cox, a well-known lawyer, died on
Sunday night athis home in Plainfleld, N. J. He
last Wednesday with appendicit
and an operation was performed on Friday
Mr Cox was born in Philadelphia, July 0, 1842
He entered Princeton College, but gave up his
studies when the Civil War began and enlisted
in the Thirteenth or Anderson Cavalry He
got his degree, however, as a member of the

clags of 1862. He was commissioned as Captain
and appointed to the staff of Gen. McPherson.
He was admitted to the New York bar after the
war and made a specialty of trade mark cases,
in which practice he attained a wide reputa-
tion, Mr, Cox was a governor of the Muhlen-

became I

 

berg Hos} ital and a member of the Loval
Legion, the Hillside Tennis and Golf Clu!
the Baltustel Golf Club and the Zeta Pal
fraternity He was a member of Grace Epts-

eopal Chureh and was a large contributor not
only to the church but to many eharttabla en-
terprises His wife was Miss Banny C. Hill of
Smyrna, Del They hadfourehidren. Judge
Laconibe suspended proceedings in the United
States Cireuit Court yesterday while brief eulo.
pi sof Mr. Cox were spoken by members of the
war

Hlolbert) Voorhees
home in New KBrunswick No J.) on Sunda
He was born in New Brunswick Aug 1824
and waa graduated from the Jefferson Medical
College in 1850, Tn 1842 Dr Voorhees entered the

Dr. Char

 

died at his

 

   

   

 

 

  
   

irmiy As surgeon, Tle was present at the bat-
tea of Fair Oaks Gaines's Mill and Savage
Station At the latter place be was taken
prisoner and was contined in Libby Prison
and at Belle Isle until exchanged. Der Yoor- |
hees Wasamer rof many medical and literary |
societies and was theauthor of numerous pa- |
pers on selentifie and historical subjects |

Dr. Coleman F. Leaming died at his home |
in Cape May Court House, Nod. on Sunday |
night He was born at Dennisville, Noy. in |
Vise 1SIS After attaining his majority he
practised medicine inthis city until 1880. Ther
he went to Cape May. We was a director of |
the West Jersey Railroad for thirty-three
years, Was Loan Commissioner of Cape May
from 1888 to S80 and was the weathtestl man |
in the eounte

Margaret Shea, wi died at her home, 23
Vandewater street, on Saturday and will be |
buried to-day, was the sister of Dennis Shea, |
the Republican leader of the second Assembly
district, and Jobn Bo Shea, Vice-President of |
the Aikin-Lanibert Jewelry Company. She |
was Well known in the Fourth ward Jor her

charities

Mrs. Adaline Jones Whitney
her one bundredth birthday on April 25, died at !
her home in Jamestown, N. ¥., yesterday, |
She had lived in Chautauqua county elghty
years.

who celebrated |

Fae, . asieteapeaion ietuiatendnaahentiionotena

| to take care of the interests of the |

 
  
   

METHODIST CONFERENCE.

CHARGES THAT BOOK CONCERN
MONEY HAS BEEN MISAPPLIED.

 

 

Dr. Rich's Resolation on the Subject ‘Tabled
Uncertainty About New Bishops The
Present Bishops Reported Effective Some

Charch Papers May Be Abandoned,
Cnicaco, May 14 ‘The dAegates to the
Methodist Conference were surprised = this

morning by the introduction of 4 resolution
charging oMcers of the Book Concern oMce
with misdirection of the funds. Its author was
De. A.B Rich of the Erie Conference, Who 8ug-
gested that an Injunction should be sec ured to
prevent the Book Concern’s officers from dis
bursing its profits for any other purpose than
those established by the rules of the Church.
Dr. Rich declared that much of the profits of
the publishing concern went toward support-
ing subsidized papers and General Conferences,
that many periodicals were maintained ata loss
and that money which should go for the sup-
portof superanuuated preachers andthe widows
and children of {tinerant preachers went tow-
ard supporting such publications He also
charged that loans made by the Book Concern
to General Conferences had never been paid

Dr. Lewis Curtis, Western book agent, de-
fended the management of the Book Concern
He denied emphatically that loans had not been
paid. He suid that many subsidized papers
had to be supported for the good of the Church,
aud that more than $45,000 was expended an-
nually for matutaining them

‘The fact that the expenses of General Con-
ferences had been partly paid out of the book
fund attracted much attention, Itis sald that
this isin direct opposition to the rules of the
Church. For the expenses of the present Gen-
eral Conference, $75,000 has been raised, but it
is estimated that $100,000 has already bean ex-
pended. Although the motion was placed upon
the table, itis rumored that an investigation
will be instituted

The report of the Committee on Episcopacy

will be made to-morrow, Dr. J. M. Buckley of
New York, cliairman of the committee, says that
the committee itself is still in the dark as to
what fis action will be “Depend upon it,” he
says, “all reports as to ite action hitherto made,
have been pure fabrications. We don't know
ourselves, and how can others know unless we
know? Many rumors are circulated in regard
to_this matter

Some aver that four home Bishops will be
elected, that nove will be retired and that two
foreign Bishops will be chosen to assist Bishops
Hartzell and Bhob rn, Another rumor is that
no Bishops on the Home Board will be elegted,
bat that two assistants for the forelg elds
will be chosen and that no one will be retired
Chairman Buckley has presented a sub-renort
trom the Committee on Episcopacy, reeem-
ruending that the present Board of Bishops be
declared effective. The report reads as follows

“The Committee on Episcopacy, after care-
ful consideration respectfully reports its Jjud«-
ment that the following Bishops should be
classed as effective: Stephen M. Merrill, Edward
\ Andrews, Henry Wo Warren, Cyrus 1). Foss,

 

ohn F. Hurst, William X. Ninde, John M. Wal-
den, Willard Fo Mallaleu, Charles H. Fowler,
John H Vincent, James N. Fitzgerald, Isaac
W. Jovee, Dantel A. Goodsell, Charles C MeCabe
and Barl Cranston’ It also recommends that
Thomas Bowinan and Randolph 8. Foster, the
oldest of the Bishops, should be continued in
their present relation as the objects of the
veneration and loving care of a grateful
Church. This report was made to the full com-
mittee this afternoon, but was not adopted

Itis said that the younger element is anxious
to postpone the election of additional Bishops
on the Home Board unt{l 1904 co that several of
the incumbenta may then be placed on the |
superannuated list, making room lor younger
men, A number of young men are known to
have ambitions for promotion and astrong
gentiment ts manifest among the delegates in
favor of infusing new life and yigor {uto the
board

Discussion of Article ITf., which has caused
somuch trouble between the young members |
and the old and the admission of women asdele- |
gates to the General Conference, still hangs tn
the balance. It is hardly expected that this
section will be again brought before the Con-
ference until Friday, as a special committee lias
been appolnied to consider the entire question
and report at}! o'clock on that day.

After the report of the Committee on Episco-
pavy to-morrow morning the election will go
over, by special order, to 10 o'clock Wednesday
morning. Following the election of Bishops on
Wednesday will come the chotee of editors for
the various Christian Advocates and of secreta-
ries for the different church societies on Thurs-
day. It ts expected that the Cominittee on
Book Concern will report in favor of eonsoli-
dating or abandoning several of the paners that
have not been bringing ina profit to the Book
Concern, and that the number of editors to ba
elected will be smaller than at any previous
Conference for many years

 

ROBERT KENYON KILLED BY

Asphysiated in the Bathroom When Left for
the Afternoon by His Daughter.

GAS.

 

=»

Robert Kenyon, 72 years old, was found dead
yesterday afternoon in the bathroom of his
apartments in the Castle, a private hotel at 202
West 108d street’ He had been overcome by
gas, but the pollee believe that his death was
the result of accident

Since the death of his wife in Fast Orange, N.
J, a year ago, Mr Kenyon had been feeble
minded. He made his home with his daughter

Migs Kenyon left her father yesterday morning
while she went to visit her sister-in-law, Mrs

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

SS

MAY 15,

 

—————

A PLOT TO BEAT BRYAN.

Alexander Troup Says Hill, Gorman and Tam-
many Are in It.

New Haven, Conn, May 4
to-night Alexander Troup, :
member of the National Demoeratic Com-
mittee, makes an attack upon Arthur P. Gor-
man, David B. Hill, Richard Croker and other
national leaders, and practically charges that
they and Tammany Hall are engaged in a plot
to knock out William J. Bryan. He said

“What the party will dol don't know All
that Levan speak for is myself As the case
presenta itself to me there is but one right
course for the party to pursue and that
i to reaffirm and reiterate the Chis
cago platform in its every princi-
ple. There were hundreds of thousands,
aye, millions of voters, who four years ago
thought it was right and who, if allowed the
tree exercise of their opinions, will still think it
right. The class of people I bavein mind are
those who act from honest convictions and
not those who ride with a political party
and strive for leadership simply to further
their personal interests [refer to such men as
Arthur P. Gorman, David B. Hill, Richard
Croker and men of that class. They now come

out and say they are for Bryan, and undoubt-
edly they are until after he is nominated, ashe
surely will be. In fact his nomination may al-

ready be considered as assured .
“What will they do after the convention? If
they don't deliberately work against him ser
1

in an interview
the Connecticut

will undoubtedly danin his campaign by suc

faint efforts in his behalf that they might as wel
take the out-and-out opposing position that they
did in the last campaign. ‘Their scheme is
simply to get him out of the way. To that end
they will lend apparent sympathy to his gause,
meantime hoping for his defeat. In, the latter
case they willbe in a position to go before the
country with the statement that having been
twice chosen as the party leader and twice de-
fented, he ia no longer to be considered asa polit-
{cal force of enoughimportance to entitle him to
further recognition as & Presidential possibility.
They will then say that the party Is again {na
position to return to the principles of Tilden,
Cleveland and Carlisle, and in the exercise of @
self-appointed leadership they will try to make
{tappear that to them is given the task of rese
culng the party from the slough of despair,
But tt wont work ; .

“The Tammany. leaders in New York ex-
reas wreat friendship for Bryan pad are loud
n doclaring for his nomination. How isit that
‘Tammany Hall has selected a number of
steering committees whose duty it is to visit
all the hotels in New York city, become
acquatnted with the guests from the various
cities West and South, and those of Demooratia
faith are worked for a modified platform and a
conservative leadership? Croker Murphy,
Hill, Molanghlin etal. will favor the Chicago
piectorn when Wall street favors it and not
till then. ’*

Mr Troup said that in a recent talk with
Chairman Melbert B. Cary of the Democratic
State Central Committee of Connecticut he
told Cary to go into the Republican party,
“Where you and every man who believes as
you do belongs "' Mr. Cary had informed Mr,
Trou that hestill belleved in the single gold
standard, and didn’t know just what to do.

The Women’s Championship of Great Britain
at Westward Ho!

To-day the annual championship of the Ladies’
QOolf Union of Great Britain will begin at West-
ward Ho! the famous links of the Royal North
Devon Golf Club. The championship was first
played in 1893, and two English, two Scotch and
one Irish player have in turn held the title, the
first three having been won by J.ady Margaret
Seott, It is expected that there will be from
seventy to elglity starters, The present title-
holder is Miss May Hezlett, a seventeen vear-
old Irish girl, who won at Neweastle, Ireland,
last year Miss Hezlett and Miss Rhona Adair
runner-up to her in the Trish close championship,
are Announced as sure starters, The Scottish
players will include the Misses Sybil and Mollie
Whigham. ‘The latter makes her first appear-
anee ina championship, but she has the reput
tion of being one of the fongest drivers at Prost-
wick, often getting a 200-yard ball from the
tee and plaving equally well through the green
Last winter she won the Cannes gold medal
The Misses Whiaham have six brothers, five of
whom are good golfers, so that whey have not
lacked clever coaching. One brother was a
semi-flnabet in the amateur championship at
Prestwick | nat veer, and another had the same
honor last wee! Another brother,

 

at Sandwich,
n Whigham, was our amateur champion in
1596 and 1497,

 

The Metropolitan Women's Golf Assoctation
has arranged to hold its championship on the
links of the Morris County Golf Club, June 11 to
15. The conditions will be arranged at the next
meeting of the Executive Committee.

rhe first round, at eighteen holes, medal play,
forthe Avia cup was concluded yesterday by
the members of the Sunset Park doirt lub over
the pubiie links at Sunset Park. The scores

 

 

Gross H'cgp Net.

MOUMHUOR  vccnes+se0eesd 74 0 74
Delaney 101 15 &4
“mith ve oO hu
Cunningham 114 25 §u
Kirchner 115 25 wo
Perry. teinee . 115 25 i)
Stark . sees oo ADS 26 Ny)
° 108 4 us

130 an roo

110 10 ivo

io 10 100

A two-day competition for the associate

members bewan yesterday at the Essex County
Country Club. Thekeore round priae was a
oup presented by Miss Ge reianna Wilmerding
aud was won by Mias Howard, while the best
eight kept on at handleap match piay fora cup

Robert No Kenyon, at 801 West) Ninety-firse | offered by Miss Mabel Burke. The mountain
street. Her father was seen as usual at the | holes, to rest the new greens, were cut out. The
luncheon table, but at 4 o'clock in the after- | results '
noon one of the chambermaids smelled gas in QUALIFYING SET.
the hall on hia floor and traced it to his apart- ” ie i y
ments, The door was broken in and Mr Ken- | sigs troward oe ee.
yon was found dead in the bathroom. Word | Miss Kyle ee eeKn 97 5 92
was sent to Miss Kenyon and with her brother | Mrs, Sanford ahs Welt 06 0 94
and his wife she burried horne When she was | Mre. Carnrick 12 4 06
told that her father was dead she became hys- | Mrs Gill 108 10 or
terical Miss Hernander Wy 9 102
Roher? Kenyon was born in Scotland and | Mra. W Le Cato 110 4 14
came to this country when 6 years old) He set- | Miss Wilmerding 105 0 15
tled near Hartford, Conn, ane became ond of UNPLACED DIVISION
the wealthiest business menin that city iis 104 o
two aons, Robert N. Kenyon and William Hous- ee Ae ; iN I . Ht
ton Kenyon, of 321 Weat EKighty-seeond street, | Miss Green 130 6 114
Miss Clark 134 13 122

comprise the ‘aw firm of Kenyon & Kenyon o
190 Nassau atreet William fi Kenyon is in
Roston trying an important ease betore the
United States courts. He is weil known on the
upper West Side

HUGH H, BAXTER HIT BY A CAR,

Badly Bruised and Cut, But Woaldn't Go to
the Hospital.

A southbound Sixth avenue trolley carcaught
a pedestrian who was crossing the avenue at
Forty-seventh street, yesterday afternoon, and
hurled him several feet, severely bruising him
about the body, cutting him over the right eye
and giving him an ugly sealp) wound
When Dr. Roys arrived from Roosevelt Hospital
with an ambulance, the injured man said that
he was Hugh Baxterof 488 Fifth avenue
His injuries were attended to, and, as he re-
fused togotoa hospital, a cab was called for
him and he drove away

Hugh H. Baxter of
banker. Three days ago |}
for the summer and the tamily

B88 Fitth

is house

AVenue la a
Was closed
oved to the

A number did not make returns
Match Play- Mrs, bb. Sanford 10
N. Le Cato (6), by 7up and 5 to piay
Gilli) beat Mrs Eo Mo Carnriek (), by 5 up and 3
to play: Miss Hester Kyle 3) beat Miss Georgianna
Wilmerding (10),.by 2p: Miss Helene Hernandez (4)
beat Miss Bdna lioward (0) by 4up and 2 to play

beat Mra W
Mrs. G. M,

 

Boston, May 14 The annual open country
elub golf tournament for women was held to-
day, and of the sixteen players who went over
the course all but three handed in cards. Mise
Fiske of the Concord Golt Club and Miss
Adams of the Wollaston Golf Club were
tied lor the best net score. Miss Ruth Under-
hill the Nueaaun Country Club, the national
woman ehampion, won the gross prize. Miss
Underhill played with a handicap of two below
serateh, and her lack of familiarity with
the new Country Club links prevented her
from playing at her best) Mra Zerrahn of the
Countre Club made the best club net score,
winning thereby the Clyde Park challenge cup
for women. Mrs Mackey of the Oakley Golf
Club plaved finely coming in, her score for the
pine vale being 48, the record of the day
Miss Fiske and Miss Adains will play off for
first prize at some future date, The score

f
of

  

country Heisamember of the Metropolitan Grou. Heap, Net
Club, the New York Athletic Clib, the New | Miss Fiske, Concord 10y 5 101
England Society and anumber of other organ- | Miss Adams. Wollaston . 113 2 101
izations a “3 pngernill, pensau ve 102 plus 2 104
At the New York Athletic Clubit was sald | Miss Keyes, Concor . 108 2 106
that the injured man was Hugh Ho Baxter, the wre Berra Bh, County He : 107
former captain of the club's athletic team, who | figs M) Bonnelle. Wannamols. 108
at one time was the pole vaulting champion of sett 123 1h 108
America Mrs. Mackey, Oakley 111 ° 109
1 = A 7 Miss Whiteher, Wollaston. 125 1S 110
, p , an) , itt? Miss Howland, Oakle 128 14 !
MURDERERS CAUGHT DY A POSSE. Milas A. Iirownell, Wannamois +e
sett reese D42 25

Bank Robbers Who hiiled a Deputy Sheriff | Miss Bent, Oakley iat 14 \ih
Captured in Kansas, Miss Kennedy, Oakley 127 { 123

beporia, Kan, May 14--Ff F Estelle and
James Marphy, the bank robbers who broke
jail at Maryville last Wednesday and murdered
Deputy Sherif! Edward Koberts near Dunlap
early on Sunday morning, were captured near
Hartford about 6 o'clock thik. afternoon after a

flight with citizens, in which Estelle was badly
wounded

The men were discovered inthe timber near
the Neosha River banks The posse was com
posed of farmers and citizens who advaneed

 

in Twentleth Kansas atyle, drawing the tlre
of the bandits until their ammunition wae ex
hausted, when they hotsted a white handker

the muggle of a shotgun and eur
rendered Rewards aguregating WO) have
offered for th capture will be
divided among the posse

chief on

heen

 

Dr, Purvesto Be Installed on May 22.
Atthe session of the New York
yeaterdas ITTANZeMeniA Were
installation of the Rev Dr
the Fifth Avenue Presbs

Presbytery
rade for the
Purves as Pastor of
terian Chureh oon the

evening of May 22. President Patton of Prince.
ton will prevel thesermon the Rey Dr ROR
Booth will deliver the charge to the pastor, and
the Rey Dr WOM. Smith wall delver the
charge to the people

The Rev Dr. FE. Shearer was comm

 
   
 

in ease the appeal of Herman W r

should come up in the General (as
St Louis and the Rev. Dr.George Alexander was
asked to represent the Presbytery in they. 4
of Dr. Bireh's appeal with regard to the |
Dr. MeGiffert, ?

re SS - aasanesniniengmmanetinnimmmminatiionn

PHILIPPINE LANDS soLp?
English Syndicate Said to Have Bought the
Dominicans’ Holdings,

Boston, May 14 A visitor to the Anti-
Imperialistic League's headquarters to-day
made the statement that the Dominican Order

of friars in the Philippines has sold its immense
estates oan English syndicate and in proof of
his story exhibited a copy of the Mania Free-
dom, which bas just been received and which
penne # statement that the third and last
nstaliment of money due from the ayndicata
tothe friars had just been paid
the man was not made public, but he says the
Property thus transferred consists largely of
rich agrlentvaral lands in the vieinity of Manila
hear enough to be valuable on account of their

location

 

The name of

SHOT HIMSELF ON EVE OF TRIAL,
Charles Sweeney, Who Tried to Kill Carrie
Varker, Attempts Suicide,
Charles Sweeney, years old, of 402 Fast
Ninety-third street, attempted sniciae last night
by shooting himself in the left breast with a re-
volve Some time ago he shot a young woman
named Carrie Parker » recovered, but he
was indicted for felonious assault His trial
Was to have come up in General Seasions to-
day and it is supposed that he tried to kill him-
wilrather than face his trial He was taken

to the Presbyterian Hospital and will probably

  
 

 

 

1900.

  
  
 

  
 

   
 
 

   

to suit you.

This is the
size for a
Jarge one.

A CCL
bepemrerr Terr nT

cam

Lf

 
         
  

 
  

   

caeeee TIS 1S
RZ) size for a

There are all

sizes of Wickless Oil Stoves.
There's a dainty little fellow just right
for two; a large family stove that will
cook enough for a banquet, and all sizes in
between. Whatever the size of your family, there's a

Wickless
Oil Stove

It will bake, broil, boil, roast, toast, or fry.
It will give you more comfort at less cost than any
coal or gas range in existence.
as you use in your lamp. Absolutely safe. Cannot
be overturned. No dirt, no smoke, no smell
Sold by all dealers in stoves. I
dealer does not have them, write to

STANDARD OIL CO., NEW YORK.

Burns the same oil

=

  
  
 

    
  
   
 

the

     
   

Blue
Flame

       
    
 

f your

  

    
 
 

 

PLENTY OF FIGHTING TALK.

VARIOUS HEAVYWEIGHT MATCHES
UNDER DISCUSSION NOW,

Jeffries Williog to Meet Anybody, Fapecially
Corbett and Fitzsimmons, Who, It Is Sug-
gested, Might Meet Again Themselves
~McCov and Corbett Also a Possibility,

There is a chance for several important
heavyweight fights to be arranged in the near
future) Champion James J. Jeffries, not par-
ticularly anxious to pose as an actor just yet,
and more desirous toshine as an active expon-
entof the manly art, has announced through
his manager, William A. Brady, that he will
take on Corbett, Sharkey, Fitzsimmons, McCoy,
Ruhlin and Maher first come first served. Jeff
says he will fight Corbett again a week from
next Monday before any club and bet him $10,-
000 to $5,000 thathe can duplicate the trick of
last Friday night. The champion also declares
that if Fitasimmons defeats Ruhlin he will
makea match with the Cornishman on the
same terms exacted by Fitz when he met the
champion--65 per cent. of the purse to Jeffries,
win or lose, Fitzsimmons, on the other hand,
says he will fight Jeffries, winner take all, which
is certainly a business-like proposition

The rejuvenation of Corbett has caused all
sorts of propositions to be made by the men who
like to make matches between heavyweight
pugiista Not fifteen minutes after Jeffries had
been declared winner last Friday night, the
suggestion was nade br several experts thata
twenty-five-round tight between Corbett and
Kid McCoy would prove an atiraction, if only
because of the wonderful science of these pugil-
ists. Just after Corbett was whipped by Tom
Shariey, the critica were almost unanimousin
the belief that the pompadour boxer would
be an easy mark for MeCoy, chiefly on con-
dition and hitting. But, as Corbett: showed
last week that his condition was all that any one
could ask for, the consensus of opinion is now
that if he ever runs up against McCoy the latter
will have but one advantage ability to hit
harder with either hand. It is doubtful whether
MeCoy can show the remarkable cleverness,
speed and hea@work that Corbett Is known to
possess It is also a fact that the Kid would
weigh probably fifteen pounds less than Jim,
but in general makeup, style and methods,

these two fighters are more alike than any
others that could be named 7

MeCoy has a mateh on hand Tom
Sharkey which will preventalattie with Cor
bett for some tine to come Jeffries hus agreed
to take Corbett on again in the near future, but
ifsuch a meeting should be an tmpossibllity,
then the sports would like to see Corbett tackle
his old and bitter rival Bob Fitzsimmons, pro-
viding, of course, the latter disposes of Gus
Ruhlin up at Tuckahoe the first week of next
month A meeting between Corbett and Fitz-
simmons this summer would be of particular
interest under existing conditions feth have
been knocked out by Jeffries Fitz in eleven
rounds and Corbett in twenty-three rounds

Fitz, tt will be reiembered, settied Corbett at
|
|

with

 

IT WAS
Kidney Disease

00000000
A COMPLETE CURE
AFTER A TOUR, WITHOUT BENEFIT,
AMONG
THE LEADING LIGHTS OF THE
MEDICAL PROFESSION,

The case of FRANCES W. GRESHAM,
617 2nd St., N. W., Washington, D. C.,
Secretary and Treasurer the Higher League
of Educational Society, Washington.

“I tiemly believe that | owe my life
Sale Cur, For fHo yeere I fered
trouble and eq@id tind no rellef ange here
hundreds of d@lars on doetors and TNastioines, one
would gize temporary reltef and others none what
ever decided to try Warner’sSafe Cure as a last
resort and wish | had followed the advice of Iriends
sooner, It was the only thing that heiped me and in
aoe four months it had made a new woman out
of me. am entirely well and I give alit
to Warner Cure.” ’ “nee

lo Warner's
suffered with kidney

:

Carson City in March, 1898, with a punch on the
solar j lexus delivered in the fourteenth round
Corbett has alwaya maintained since then that
his defas! was a fluke, that he had the bever of
the argument up to the tne that he was stopped
and that he was no! in (he best of condiion
In his present form Corbett, the experts say,
would not be any easy mark for Fitzsimmons,
who is not considered to be the pugilist he was
1en he won out at Carson. There are hun-
dreds of New Yorkers who would have seen the
battle in Nevada between these men if it had
not been for the distance, and if they could be
brought together in this vieinity fight pros
oters say there would beabig crowd. Cor-
bett and Fitzsimmons have never been warm
friends, There was no endof bickering between
them prior to their fight at Carson and even
after that event had been dacided the mud
throwing continued Against Jeffries, Corbett
tuade a better showing than Fitzsimmons Jim
bad a big advantage on pointein fifteen rounds, |
and had the champion grogey in one round, |
something that Fitz did not accomplish. Cor- |
beit also lasted twice aslong In comparison
Fitz is the greater puncher of th: two, but he is |
Rot so fast, neither does he possess the boxing |
ski

There isstill another fight mapped out for
Corbett -amix-up with Tom Sharkey When |
they met at the Lenox A.C more than a year
ago Corbett was away out of form and was |
Ww npped when his second, MeVey, jumped into
thering inthe ninth round But ashe isto day, |
Corbett might be better able to take care of
himself in front of the aggressive sailor
Sharkey did not receive a knock-out at the
hands of Jeffries in twenty-five rounds, but he
gota thorough walloping, and, in the esttnn-
tion of good judges, he would have been effect-
had that
finish Sharkey knocked in }
ten rounds, but narrowly escaped being
put to sleep himself in the third Vis weight |
and aggressiveness won that dght, but it was io
use agninst Jeffries. In Corbett, Sharkey would |
meet a man of equal weight, taller, clevererand
with a better knowledge of ring tact hike
Jeffries, the Sailor would have the better of it |
in physical strength It is argued, however, |
that ifit took Jeffries twenty-three rounds to |

|

flaht gone
Motoy

ually stopped 10 a

out

stop Corbett, it might take Sharkey longer and,
possibly, Jim might be able to stay the limit, in
which event he would run an eacellent ehanee
of securing a victory on points

Fitzaimimons’s match with
Way, hus grown more interesting since
latter = finished «working — with

|

the |

the

Corbett

Ruhlin's manager, Billy Madden, is reeeiving |
|

|

\

'

t

Ruhilin, by

credit for shrewdness in having lus tighter train
with the pompadour man, from whom many
valuable pointers have been learned. Rubilin,
while a greenhorn, fought a twenty-round
draw with Jeffries outon the coast, but sine
that time the big Akron pneilist: has improved
with rapidity and to-day he is looked upon as a
dangerous proposition Fitasimmons is ex-
ported to beat him by the rank and file of ring
ollowers who got a good jine on the tight,
they believe, when they saw Bob finish Ed) |
Dunkhorat !n two rounds the other night and |
remembered that Rublin couldn't pat the |

freight car’ to sleep in twenty-three rounds
at Coney Island a year ago

Madden said vesterday afternoon that Rublin
and the Champion are as good as inatched and
that the encounter will be decided before the
club giving the best inducement on July 4, |
providing, of course, that Rublin is not defeated

y Fitzsimmons inthe meantiine Madden fur-
ther said that Jeffries promised hima match
with Ruhlin before the champion went into the
ring with Corbett at Coney Island

It appears that Corbett and Jeffries fought
for &) Der cent of the @rosa receipts insiead ot
7 pet cent. of the net receipts Yesterday ‘om
O'Rourke handed over to both flehters

20,000 As the gate receipts amounted to
33,000, the club only made, it is said, $12,000
(is not known whether the two fighters split
the $20,000 equally between them, but the lin-
pression prevails that they did

Chere isa very slim chance of Jeffries and
Sharkey coning together in Paris next Septem-
ber at the World's Exposition unless the offer of
$25,000 Which Thomas A. Haller has agreed to
wive for a 25-round bout between the two
men if materially increased. ©’ Rourke said
yesterday that he would not Jet Sharkey fleht
unless & purse of $100,000 was guaranteed,

“The palr can draw that much money over
here," he said, “undit would be silly to make
such a vip for only $25,000. Why, the sate
money in Paris would surely amount to $200, -
OOO, and if the club gives $100,000 thee will be
still making enough money at that" Shurkey
was present when (Rourke said this and he
agreed to go to Paris if the incentive was in-
creased fourfold :

While the talk is going the rounds regard ng
deffries's luture plans, it is a well-known fact
that Jeffries’s left arin, which was injured While
he waa training for Sharkey, has gone back on
him and is causing hima good deal of bother
Brady does not thnk that the acoident will
keep his protegé out of the ring, but admits
that the injury was further aggravated in
champions mill with Corbett. itis understood. |
that Jeffries issoon to have bia arm oper ited
upe Phe champion umpired another game of |
baseball in New derses yesterday, ; s

the }

 

 

Incorporation papers were filed yesterday for
the proposed boxing club at Madison Square
Garden, which will be known as the Diane |
Athletic Club dim Kenneds has been appointed
by the direetor. as mateh naker, and will take
Possession of the Garden on May 26 Kennedy
is going tO make an effort to get Mecoy |
and Corbett togeth=r, and will give the
boxer. a foe percentage of the gate

if Bob Fitzsimmons is satise

> Kennedy says that he will trv to
pull off the ex-ehampion’s mate’ with Ruhlin at
the Garden instead of at Tuckahoe,

 

Before

| A.SIMONSON
WIGS

e AND
PTOUPEES

COPraGnico

 

to cover part or the entire head is my specialty.

Unremitting care and extended experience in this
branch are a guarantee as to the perfection of fit and,
above all, ther ilusiveness.

TOU PLES for gentlemen who desire to cover par
Vial baldness are a# special feature, as they are so
perfectly made as to defy closest inspection.

HAIR GOODS from the purest white to the gloss
lest black, and only of the highest grade, can always
be found In profuse assortment at this establishment

SPECIAL LIQUID NO. La
ure cure against dandruff

A. SIMONSON,

 

 

   

933 BROADWAY, 21ST AND 22D STS

~
this ean be done, however, Kennedy will hava
topay tothe fighters each S10 Pile repree
sents the forfeits wh Ruhlinacd Fitzsimmons
have p sted to insure their appearance in the
ring at Westchester Kenned aso willing
to hang Upa purse for toe proposed meeting

between Kuhlin and Jeffries

Jack Jeffries Refases to Fight Bob Armstrong,

 

 
 

    
       

 

 

The proposed mateh between Jacek Jeffries and Hob
Armstrong at ( Ss Istand has been declared
Champton Jim, wt Has fought Armstrong, th 4
that the bly colored wisa lit too !
brother and has ad t us
has taken 1! t ( é \ z
will be matched to Nigh tise

Frap Shooting,

The team mateh at thirty elay birds a mainwas de
elded yesterday on the groundsof the Fulton Rod and
Gun Club, near the Old Mill, Jar ‘ Ha rhe
Hudsons showed up the erat 1gerewat {
shooters and they won by ejewrs rd he I 4
Were second and the Oreanies 1p ria eT
won the first leg on the tropi is we on
chub how ba viebory te seredit esterday
follow

Hudson Gun Clubof Jersey Ct Albert A. cline
verling, 25, Ad se bel, -7; | “ t ;

fles PF. Dud ia vip re
a3 Hie G a t i
missd, 4

Fulton R and Gun ¢ y of
Gaughen Dr Ashley Ao Casey ) rt
aon, 28: A. Sehr , | " Wood
Totals, browe, 127; wissed, 4

Hiceante Hod arat in? bef Rork 5 T
Muench, 22. ¢. } t la Pr. Dimey,
iW. Hawes, 14 Joun HW. Fk esl ro
Fiseher, 7 Totals, browe, missed, 9),

Small Boy Dug Out of an Excavation,

Several small boys, playing hick it
Stanton and Suffolk streets last ! finan
escavation While the bey cer here the
shoring planks at the sides give way andthe
sand poured in onthe hove Mover Rubenstein,
years old, of 181 Stanton street, was almiort

| buried and was taken te Gouverneur Hospital
badly bruised A fire truck conipany cleared
ont the hole, but found no bodies

 

Malarin.

Mataria means bad air
tir; breathing
Doctors ea'| this Malarta

had air means poisoned
poisoned ait puisons the «-

Itisaninsid n

stem.

It affects every part of the system. It atic the

strong and healthy as weil av the weak and lett
tated. It can be efiectu
aliv and permanently
driven outonly? usa
of an absolutely pure ab
cobolic stimula

Duffy's Puro
Malt Whiskey

 

hasa matchless: !of
' halfia i”

the gre te
. , if .
if ma It t
cause itis absolutely pure, ireet t ’
Sustances, espe fuse. ¢ ti 3
digestive organs, | fies a Y ite ° !,
and drives oni rt germs. heacu “9
everywhere prescribe tt r ana A ugests®
and grocersse!l it: tt yours does no } |
be sent you, express prepaid on receipt of 1.00, Be
Sure you get the genuine Substitutes and imitae

ions are injurious. Write for free hooks of alvigty
DUFFY'S MALT Wtiskey, Rochester, N, Ue

Tere

eo oe |

SO

e
1
{

SOS 52S

O4vesreTEZO

en
at

Ww
th
an
sof

th
m
an

ear

br

re

sna paocstes

ort

Sway OF

>