VII.—NO, 165,

 

vo, LX

 

pik HOPES. 10 SRE GAYNOR S27mten

—

SE\OS HIM WORD, LEAVING
11.10 MAVOR'S CONVENIENCE,

 

Has No Pngagement to Talk Senatorship
With Anybody—Came Here to Avold
that Morphy Keeps to His House

May Go to Good Ground To-day.

Dix, Mayor Gavnor, Charles F.
Mary William F. Sheehan, John H.
Mei Daniel Fo Cohalan, who
according to gossip are going to take
advantage of the fact that they are all
having a series ‘of conferences
for the purpose of trying to end the dead-
at Albany, kept aloof from each
Not one of them, so
be ascertained, had
with another
for a visit to an art gallery,
where he apent part of the afternoon in
gs over an exhibition of paintings,
Gov lis kept to his rooms in the Waldorf.
Astoria Lieutenant-Commander De Kay,
ie attending the Governor, explained
that the Governor did not wish to be ques-
tioned on anything relating to the situa-
tien in Albany because it was for the
very purpose of getting a few days res-
jite that he had come to New York.

| am authorized to say,” went on
Commander De Kay, “that the Governor
has no appointments or engagements to
Mr. Murphy, Mayor Gaynor, Mr
Speehan or any one else who may be inter-
ested in the struggle for the Senatorship
To-morrow the Governor will take some
avtomobile tripe and will visit the zoo-
ogical collection in) Bronx Park. On
Monday night he will be a dinner guest
of Mrs Cornelius Vanderbilt, Sr., and thar
i» all the engagements he has before he
re'urns to Albany on Tuesday morning
Bur L may tell you that before he goes
back to Albany the Governor would tike
ty) have a task with Mayor Gaynor and he
ras sent word to that effect to Mr Qaynor
Recause of the Mayor's hearth the naming.
{the time and place of such a conference
f | should be held will he ieft to the con-
vemence of the Mayor The Governor
is anxious to see the Mayor for the pur-
pose of taiking with him on severai mat-
ters affecting the city. It will be for that
purpose only that the two wit: meet.”

Charles F. Murphy was at his home,
5 Fast Seventeenth street, all day
According to Thomas H. Smith, secretary
of Tammany Hall, Mr. Murphy saw no
one, was tired and wished to get as much
rest as possible before going back to
Albany to continue the Senatorship: fight.
Ir is probable that he will go to his coun-
try place at Good Ground this morning
to stay until to-morrow night. In that
event he would be near to Mayor Gaynor's
home at St. James, and in the event of
Mr Gaynor and the Governor meeting
be would have only to travel a short dis-
tance if he should be asked to join in the
talk the Governor and the Mayor are to
bave

Senator Franklin D. Roosevelt,
leader of the insurgents, went back
Albany early yesterday morning

Willam F, Sheehan played golf the
greater part of yesterday on the Oak-
land Unks. When he reached* home
last night he sent out word to inquirers
that his position was well known and that
® far as he was concerned there was no
change

Mr Cohalan said that if there were to
he any conferences here before Tuesday
te would be likely to know about them
“and,” he added, “I can assure you that i
know nothing about such conferences.”
He said further that there was no need
for conferences of any kind for the reason
tat Mr. Murphy and the regular mem-
ters of the Democratic party were pledged
to Mr Sheehan and that as long as he re-
Mained the candidate of the party there
could be no change in the situation.

ALBANY, Feb. 11.--There were fourteen
votes cast on to-day's twenty-first joint
tellot for United States Senator. Of
these Mr. Sheehan got 5, Mr. Depew 2,
Mr Shepard 2, Mr. Rives, Mr. Sulzer,
Mr Glynn, Mr. Dougherty and Mr. Little-
ton each |

Senator Franklin D. Roosevelt, leader
cf the insurgents, came back from New
York to be on the job to-day even if the
balloting was of no consequence. Sena-
t-r Roosevelt said he had diacussed the
fenatorehip situation with Gov. Dix while
‘i New York, but he declined to make
frown the nature of their talk. Sen-
for Roosevelt did say. however, that he
"os as certain as ever that the Governor
would keep his hands off the Senatorship

gnt

Gov
hy

oey and

here by

lock
vesterday
ould
communication
Except

ther

far aa any

Hoon

wa

meet

the

to

  
 

Senator George B Burd of Buffalo, |to Morristown from a point in Sussex | Commemoraty
has been voting for Representative-|county. The hunters got a shot at the | Joining the regiment,
‘ect Martin W, Littleton since the first|deer and succeeded in breaking one of |
The animal was found by John |

ballot, received a despatch this morning
rom Buffalo, signed by a committee
eaded tiv Mayor Fuhrmann., inviting him

attend a Sheehan masse meeting to be
held next Tuesday evening. Mr, Sheenan
¥) Senator Burd said he would
the committee that he could not

speak
¥rte
attend
| couldn't go even if I wanted to,”
and there is no special reason
®nv | should ”

TRASK TO BELLEVUE,
Family Has Him Committed to Find Out
if He Is Sane.

wn B Trask, the real estate op
ving at 101 Past 177th street, The

he sa

8. BK,

 

 

co)

Che ¢

Se

++NEW YORK, SUND: Y,

BOLL WEEVIL PLOT 1S BARED

HONE SMITH NIPS SCHEME TO)

FOR WAREM SHIRT,

fa Refused to Launch it at the
Gymnase: Paris Divided Over It.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux

 

, . om :

Paris, Feb. 11. The jupe culotte, or
| harem or zouave skirt, which many
}dreasmakers have been planning to

; Succeed the hobble skirt, is the question
of theday. Feminine Paris was grievously

| disappointed last night at the dress re- |

| hearsal of a new play at the Gymnase
Theatre, at which it had been rumored
the leading lady would launch the new
mode

Although the actress wore three charm-
ing dresses, not one showed the least sign
of being closed below in the Turkish
fashion A Place Vendéme = couturier
who had made a jupe culotte for this play
told the correspondent of THE Sun what
the actress decided at the last minute,
that it would make her look too old for
the part she was playing

 

ing of the Auteuil races on Thursday,
hoping that the dressmakers will send
\their models there to display their new
designs. Meanwhile discussion reigns
as to the probable welcome the new
6kirt will receive in real society. The
Excelsior sent a reporter to collect the
opinions of twenty afternoon tea guests
at a representative society house Seven-
teen favored the jupe culotte and three
opposed it,

Dressmakers who are seeking to intro-
duce the new skirt allow that models
have already appeared, but scornfully
add that these are merely American and
English attempts to forestall creations
| for which Paris alone possesses the neces-
sary genius, But all the dressmakers do
not favor the jupe culctte. Mme. Paquin,
for example, is of the opinion that only a

; few women who are seeking notoriety by |

an easy form of originality will adopt it.

Similar criticism, however, greeted the
Directoire and hobble skirts when they
first came in. Gandara, who has painted
so many of the world's most elegant
women, is in no way opposed to the pan-
taloon idea if it is not exaggerated. He
save: “Oriental fashions were greatly
favored in the eighteenth century. Van
Loo and Coypel painted charming pic-
tures of women thus attired.”

COST OF PANAMA CANAL.

Col. Goethals Places It al 8360,000,000,
Including All Appurtenances.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11. Col. George W
Goethals, chief engineer of the Panama
Canal, appeared before the House Com-
mittee on Commerce to urge the enact-
ment of legislation fixing the shipping
{tolls which will govern passage through
the canal. He declared it essential that
; this matter be attended to by Congress
a8 s00n as possible, as the shipping in-
terests of the world demand at least
eighteen months advance notice of the

rates

Incidentally Col. Goethals made the
flat declaration to the committee that
the isthmian canal will be completed by
September, 1918, at a cost of $360,000,000,
including all appurtenances, and will
put the Tehuantepec route, its only trans-
oceanic competitor, out of business

Representative Mann of Illinois, chair-
man of the Commerce Committee, has
introduced a bill fixing the canal tolls
To-day's hearing was on that measure

The machine shops at Balboa, the Pacific
terminal; the coaling stations at both the
Atlantic and Pacific terminals and other
supply st.tions are all included in Col
Goethals's estimate of $360,000,000 fo,
the entire cost of the great waterway
He also believes it will be possible to build
a dry dock within the estimated limit
of cost of the canal It is essential, Col
Goethals said, that
control the coal supply us
to prevent private interests by monopo
lization of this supply indireetly

 

stations 80

trolling the operation of the canal through |

their rates for fuel
Negotiations are already

by certain coal companies, he
ing to the acquirement of land for coal
depots, Col Goethals said that
rate of $1 a net ton for vessels passing
through the canal would give the trans-
continental railroads serious competi-

under way

said, look-

tion in business from San Francisco to!

New York
on the bill

COURT TO

Hlow Bt Can Be Done Legally Though It
is Out of Season,

Mornistown, Nod, Keb. 11 —Justice
Isaac R. Pierson of this city is to-night
trving to find a buyer for venison, He
has in his possession a fine deer, fresh
killed) The deer was turned over to the
Justice by Game Warden Mahlon Smith
of Nolan's Point

The game warden says it was chased

The committee did not

SELL VENISON.

 

 

\ ita legs
| Green near his place on Mount Kemble
lavenue. Green notified 8. PC. A. Ageng
James F.wel, who in turn notified Mr,
i Smith. ‘The latter sent Assistant Warden
Kuser over from Bernardsville and he
| killed the deer with a rifle shot. Mr
iSmith brought the deer to Morristown
to-night and Justice Pierson has it stored
in the cold storage room of a butcher
shop. He has advertised that the venison
will be sold on Tuesday at 2 o'clock.
This is done in compliance with the law
requiring that deer illegally shot must be
isold. Game Warden Smith is on the trail
‘of the hunters and expects to hale them
| before the Justice on a charge of violating
the game lawa

VOTE BUYING IN ONTO,

| Now It's Sclolo County In Which 41 Men
Are Indicted, :

PorismoutTH, Ohio, Feb. 11. - Forty-one
‘indictments were returned to-day by the
Grand Jury which has been investigating
| vote welling in Sciolo county,

Prosecuting Attorney Horace L. Small
says that every precinct in the county has

 

K ‘ho Was arrested last Wednes.- |
Gay har ged with assaulting his brother, |
haries W Trask, who boarded at his |
house was committed to Bellevue Hos-,
| ‘esterday by Magistrate Breen to
he exvanned as to his sanitv. The com-
m was made at the request of Mr. |
Trash * family |
ee ‘Nathaniel B. Van Etten of 800 East |
oon! avenue, who has had the care

los W. Trask, reported to the
yi’) [hat his eondition was precarious

“hos 4 compound fracture of the skull
hos been delirious most of the time
nesday,

 

Cents for Hollins Slander,

‘ before Supreme Court Justice

b Bre ' heard the suit for $50,000 dam-
ir inder brought against William
itt Holling, brother of Harry B. Hol-
bi » sister-in-law, Mrs, Sarah O, G.
Teer et brought in yesterday a verdict
vos scents. Mrs. “Piekman sued be-
» ~ Hollins used her name freely in

piling family history detailing his
Hen ith his wife, Adeline Grundy
i om whom he is separated
SEV 51 HOURS TO HAVANA.

as! Line, "N.Y. & Flesida Special

me” ork Station 1:26 P.M. Au “East Coast”

es vacned. Sother Ltd, trains, 1218 B'way, | H. 7.

 

 

been “raked with a fine tooth comb,” and
every possible bit of evidence bearing upon
| possible electoral corruption has been
considered, Practically all the indict-
ments, it is announced, relate to two pre-
cinets. One is in Portamouth, the other
in the country. Members of both the
| Democratic and Republican parties were
indicted, it is said,

shift in Towa Senatorial Vote,

Des Mores, Feb 11. ‘The formal with-
drawal of A. B. Funk from the Senatorial
race caused a shifting in to-day's ballot,
but the deadlock waa not broken,
vote was Kenyon, 42; Young, 31; Garst,
20: Clark, 2; Wallace, 1; Porter (Dem ), 54;
necessary to choice, 73

AFTER THE GRIPPE
Dewey's Port Wine and Olive Ol.
, DEWEY & SONS CO,, 188 Fulton St., N, ¥,
Ade. °

Parisiennes are now awaiting the open- |

the Goverument |

a@ fiat |

act |

The |

ROIN THE COTTON CROP.

—_—-—_-—-

FEBRUARY 1

9

SOLE SURVIVOR OF 30) MEN.

Tale of a Dredge That Went to the Bot.
fom QO Florida Keys.

Mopiie, Ala, Feb. 11. Capt. Frank J. |

Farrell, who eays he lives at 325 Marcy |

avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y., and is shore |

 

Speculator Told Him That Two Others | superintendent and captain for the Inter- |
Were to Loose 1,000,000 Heettes in | National Dredging Company, which has |

Georgia and South Carotina Then

ATLANTA, Ga, Feb 11 Governor-elect
Hoke Smith cave out to-day a statement

| which he says exposes a plot of New York !

| offices at 10 Wall street, New York city, |
i with
They'd Seti Thetr Hoard at Fat Petee. | ang North Broadway, Plainfield, N. J., |

© KE. Howard of Jersey avenue

as manager, arrived in the city yester-
day afternoon and gave out the following
atory:

“LT left New York city on January 22)

 

PROPONENT UP TO HIS WAIST
IN THE WARLEM 40 MINUTES.
Respondents Two: First a Dissuasive
Night Watchman on the Bank, and
Next a Policeman, Who Finally Went
In Without Meaning To - Both Rescued

To Jeremiah Crajieck, the watchman
employed by the Harlem Yacht Club at
ita house on the Harlem River at 123d

| apeculators to infect the cotton fields of | bound for Galveston, Tex., in charge of! gtraet, came a vision last night just at

| Georgia and South Carolina with the boll; dredge 57, the property of
He says they want to be able to | national Dredging Company, in tow of

| weevil
bull the market next season by reducing
the crop and raising the price of Dixie's
staple

The first information came in a letter
{to Mr. Smith from a man whose name he
| refuses to give but in whom he places
confidence. The letter came from New
Orleans and the writer came from New
York at the Governor's request to tell
him more about the scheme.

Convinced by the evidence offered, Mr
Smith has given prompt warning to the
farmers and the plantera of ‘he South
| that two plotters have in their possession
at least 1,000,000 live boll weevils and are
, Waiting their opportunity to scatter these
| disastrons insects over Georgia and South

|

Carolina.

The exposure has created the liveliest
interest throughout Georgia, especially
jin view of the fact that not more than

two months ago the experts of the country
gathered in Atlanta to make plans for
combating this insect when it should
reach Georgia. It has been travelling
toward this State with alarming rapidity
and is now due@o reach here in the natural
course of events in less than two years
Unless preparations are made to meet
this plague, it is argued, the loss to Geor-
gia and South Carolina will run into many
millions a year

After receiving the first letter Mr
| Smith at once communicated with Com-
|missioner of Agriculture Hudson and
/State Entomologist Worshman. Then
| following the directions given in the let-
| ter Mr. Smith published a personal in a
| New York paper, which resulted in the
) Visit of the writer, who said he had accu-
rate information that the plot he had ex-
| posed to the Governor had already been
i made but that he had informed the plot-
| ters that he would do all in his power to
prevent success

He authorized the publication of his
letter, but insisted that for the present
at Jeast his name be withheld. The two
men, he says, approached him in New
Orleans and solicited his help in carrying
out their scheme, by means of which they
hoped to make a fortune.

Their idea was to flood Georgia and
South Carolina with the boll weevil and
buy at once great quantities of October
cotton, selling when the crop shortage
kent prices higher,

The author of the letter says he swore

 

 

William T

the Inter. |
the seagoing tug International, in com- |
mend of Capt. Lewis Parker, Before
leaving we had put in a new wireless
apparatus costing $4,000 but could not
obtain an operator at the time and left
without one
“We had fine weather until we reached
the Diamond Shoals off Cape Hatteras.
Here we had to turn out of our course
and we rode the gale for fifteen hours.
Then we went on and got through the
Florida Keys safely. Everything went
along all right until we reached a point
125 miles west of Dry Tortugas
“On the night of February 8, without
the slightest warning and without any
apparent reason, the dredge took a sud-
den dive and went to the bottom of the
sea. I went down with the suction. I
was sitting on the upper deck of the
dredge and probably went down about
twelve feet. As I rose to the surface I
saw a part of the deckhouse floating and I
I climbed on top of the deck-
house and drifted about until 8 o'clock

swam to it

in the morning, when I was sighted about
150 miles south of here and picked up by
the fishing smack W. H. Alexander and
landed on a beach between Mobile and
Pensacola.

“After coming to the surface after the
accident [ looked around for the tug
International and could not see her, and
She
might have gone on her way and she may

I cannot say what became of her

have gone to the bottom

“The tug International was built in
1890 by the Red Star Steamship Company
of Philadelphia and was valued at $110,000,
She and the dredge were insured in Provi-
dence and Washington companies for
$325,000

“Her crew consisted of Second Officer
Hull of Derby, Conn; Chief
Engineer John Fitzgerald of Brooklyn,
N. Y.; First Assistant Engineer James
Wilson of New York city, Seoond Assistant
Engineer Wilson of New York city,
Steward Miller of New York, A. Flunky, ,
a white boy living at New York; six fire-
men, two oilers, another officer rated as
a second assistant engineer and six deck-
hands. In all the crew consisted of
twenty-one men and every one of them
went down with the tug.

“The dredge was in command of Capt
J. Stevens of Brooklyn and had the fol-
lowing crew: Chief engineer, Frank
Davis; assistant engineer, Mark Reilly;
steward, Billy Moore; two firemen and two
deckhands

*The dredge and tow tug combined had

|to the two men that he would not reveal! a crew, including myself, of thirty men,

‘their names
that he was sincere and could be trusted,
that he had no axe to grind and that his
only idea was to protect the South and its
people .

 

Both he and Mr. Smith are of the opinion | jn this city
that the widespread pullication and ex-|in Farrell's story could be located last |

He convinced Mr. Smith | and I believe Lam the only survivor ”

There is such a tug as the International
Her home pert is Philadelphia There
is no International Dredging Company
None of the men mentioned |

| posure of the scheme, putting the tarmers | night |

‘on guard. willforce the plotters to aban-
don their intentions,

KAISER WAS THE GRIP.

(Official Bulletin Negatives Current Ru-
! mors Princely Hotel Keeper.

special ¢ ¢ Despatch to
Braun, Feb. ti. An official statement
}issued this afternoon states that
| Kaiser for the last three days has suf-
fered from the grip, aecompanied by
‘fever, He passed a good night last night.
| His temperature has not risen since. The
}eatarrhal symptoms which manifested
| themselves have not yet been overcome
'They will reaguire that the Emperor re-
)}main under his physicians’ care for an

THE Sus

the

| indefinite number of days
| The usual mystery has until now sur-
‘rounded the Kaiser's indisposition, The
| doctors at first said it was a simple cold
'On the other hand the Paris Matin's
| Vienna correspondent said it was believed
'in well informed circles there that it was
la return of his ear trouble. The Berlin
newspapers, contrary to their usual cus-
j fom, remained silent, except the official
N rth Geomon Gozette, which said thar it
; Was mer ‘ly owing to a cold that his

| Majesty was unable 10 attend the banauet | Brother Campbell, who has talked nothing

lof the First Regiment of the Guards to) bul unmitigated monopoly,
the anniversary of bis}!or has talked @ lot about regulated

Ambassador Hill's second diplomatic
dinner will be given next Thursday.

The reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg
and Gotha, the Kaiser's cousin and a
nephew of the late King Edward VII,
has joined the ranks of royalties in busi-
)hess. He has built a luxurious modern
‘hotel called the Ducal Castle Hotel, at
Oberhof, which has all the natural quali-
‘ties of a fashionable health resort but
‘Jacked comfort and attractive wealthy
| visitors. A manager has been installed,
but the Duke visits the place frequently,
revises the accounts, inspects everything
and keeps a tight grip on the enterprise.
Residents of the district are delighted
at his insight of the needs of the com-
munity.

THE

'

 

 

AGE OF

SHAW.

 

}
(
|
|
|

_G. B, 8. Modestly Outlines the Limits of
i His Hiography Fatal Contidences,
j Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun
Lonpon, Feb. 11.-G. B. Shaw in an
interview concerning his biography which
ia being written by Mr. Henderson of
| North Carolina, said he did not know what
moved Mr, Henderson to do this work
He went on:

“He wrote me, apparently under the
| impression that J was an impudent young
man of about fifteen years. He wished
some particulars of my career for about
|half a page. He discovered to his aston-

ishment that to write a history of me
' would be to write a history of the last
| quarter of the nineteenth and probably
| the first quarter of the twentieth century.”

Mr. Shaw professed to be awaiting the
biography with terror. He said he had
corresponded much with Mr. Henderson
and had told him a lot of things which he
had utterly forgotten, but probably
his statements were contradictory. Mr.
ey said in conclusion:

 

 

“When the book appears I will prob-
‘ably have to leave the country.”

|
|
|
| the Canadian farmer
!

 

| November,

{the Catlin home on the day after the

| Through

“I was talking with our yardman about
|

VM NO OCTOPUS, SAYS MADOO., |

—_— |

“Trying Like Hell to Keep Out of tts!
Clutches," He Adds.

Al annual dinner of |
the New York alumni chapter of Kappa ;
Sigma last night at Louis Martin's new
restaurant Phillip) Pitt Campbell, Republi- ;
can reelected Congressman from Kansas, |
and William G MeAdoo indulged in a|

the seventeenth

brotherly interchange of opinions on the!
ethies of mnonopoly

Congressman Campbell attacked Cana-
dian reciprocity
said, had built up his own market and |
didn't want to divide that market with |

The Kansas farmer, he)

"We've done very well for fifty. vears |
without Canada.” he said. *Protection
is as good for the farmer as for the manu- |
Nor do we want an exodus of |

Tactuver
Kansas to Canada ”

Mr. MeAdoo said first of all that he was
bot an octopus nor connected with the |
“I've never had the ambition,” |
“I've only been trying like hell !

species
he said
to keep out of the octopus's clutch

kind of think I've succeeded better than

|
!

Now, Gay-

monopoly. To hear some people talk
vou'd think a public service corporation
as easy to regulate as, well, let us say,
one's wife, who is the only real regulated
|! monopoly ”

BANQUETED HER SERVANTS,
Mrs. Allen Says She Did Not Pay Them for
Helping to Elect Her Brother.

Sr. Lovis, Feb. 11.—Mra. Irene Catlin
Allen, who was married here a week ago
to Frederick Winthrop Allen of New York,
gave her deposition here to-day in behalf
of her brother, Theron FE. Catlin, in Pat-
rick F. Gill's contest for the Congress
seat to which Catlin was elected last

 

 

Regarding a dinner to bricklayera at

election, said to have been promised them
in the interest of Theron Catlin's candi-
dacy for Congress, she testified’

1 o'clock election day. I asked him to
vore for Theron if he could and he said
my brother was all right and we'd be cele-
brating next day.

“When the revurns showed Theron
elected | told my father we ought to give
all the servants a celebration and he to!d
me to go ahead, We arranged a dinner
and | told the yardman, as he was the
cause of it, to notify all the men working
about the place.”

When asked what she had done to help!
her brother in the campaign Mrs. Allen
said:

“L asked all my personal friends to!
vote for him if they could. I also asked |
the men servants. Outside of this 1 did:
nothing.”

She said she had disbursed no money, ,
had no checking account in any bank
and put no money under the plates of the
Jahorers invited to the dinner, |

 

937.45 ROUND TRIP
NEW YORK TO NEW ORLEANS |
Via Southern Ry. Tickete on sale 20 # ¥. \

Taroueh poring and dotae opr eerie, N.Y.)

 

| portation

dusk. A dark object was creeping

| through the cold night into the cold water.

Jerry lighted his pipe. He rubbed his
eyes. He looked, again, and the vision
looked more material

“Hey!” yelled Jerry, “what you going
to do, commit suicide?”

“No, not this time,” said the material
object, whigh wis a man. “I'm trying to
get a soup sandwich and a cup of spa-

ghetti.”

“Come back here,” persisted Jerry, “or

you'll get drowned.”

“We never come back,” said the man,
who by this time was twenty feet out
and going strong. The slope into the
water at this point is slight until it reaches
the channel. The man was nearly in to
his armpits.

“If you don't come out I'll have you
arrested,” said Jerry. “What do you want
to drown yourself for?”

“If you promise not to go away I'll
tell you,” said the man. “I'm tired of
life. Anything else I can help you with?”

Jerry talked it over for twenty minutes
with the man and then decided that the
only thing to be done was to call an officer.
He blew hia police whistle.

“Wait until this cop comes,” he told
the man, “and you'll see what happens to
you.”

Jerry refilled his pipe while the intruder
on the Harlem Yacht Club water waded
further down the shore, his teeth making
a noise, Finally Policeman Hall = re-
sponded to the whistle, and he and Jerry
used up every argument they could
think of to dissuade the man from suicide.
They talked for twenty minutes more,
asking him to come in to shore, where
they could grab him.

“Not for mine,” said the man, “if you
want me come out and get me.”

Hall told Jerry to go get a boat. Jerry
found one, but couldn't get the oars,
f0 with a piece of board the two hardy
reacuers paddled out to the man where
he now stood in water up to hia neck.
As the boat reached him he made a plunge
outward and reached the edge of the
channel, where the water was deeper.

Hall made a grab for and lost him
He also lost his balance and tumbled into
the icy water himself. Jerry had a busy
time for three minutes, but he had no
opposition on the part of the two and got

— aboard.
n the Harlem Hospital the cause of the
trouble told about himself. He was a

bookkeeper out of work, he said, and had | © :
If he had the} meeting at Sabadell

no home and no money
price, he said, he would have bought
poison ora gun. He said he was 47 vears
old and too old to secure employment
His name is Joseph Sheehy. Dr. Cole,
who is attending him, eaid there was

j Slight danger unless pneumonia sets in

WOWAN KILLED BY ALTO.

Mrs. Ida Webster's Chautfour Was Going
to the Opera louse to Take Her Home,

While Frank McCarthy, a chauffeur,
was burrving to the Metropolitan Opera
House last night to take his employer
home in the limousine be ran into a Woman
as® vet unidentified, at Westchester and
Jackson avenues, The Bronx. She was
dead before MeCarthy could take ber in
the antomobile to Lebanon Hospital

MeCarthy is employed by Mrs. Ida
Webster of 31 West Twelfth street. He
took Mrs, Webster to the opera, and war
told to return at 11 o'clock, He used the
time to go home to 977 Prospect avenue,
The Bronx, for supper, and was on his
way back when the accident occurred

The woman was crossing Westchester
avenue as MeCarihy approached at what
he says was ten wiles an hour. As she
got on the northbound track acar ap-
proached her and the motorman clanged
his bell, frightening her back. MeCarthy
was only a few feet away. He applied
the emergency handbrake in addition
to clamping down his footbrake and tried
to swerve the car into a subway elevated
pillartothe right. There was not enough
room to pass the woman and she was
run over by the rear wheel,

Mecvarthy was locked up in the Mor-
risania police station to await the action
of the Coroner. He had no chauffeur's
license. The woman had no hat. She
was about 55 years old, with brown hair
turning gray. She wore a dark shawl
and a fur collarette.

CARNEGIE TO | BEN ERIDGE.,
His

 

He Congratulates the Senator on
Speech In Support of Reciprocity,

Wasuincten, Feb. 11.. In a letter to

Senator Beveridge of Indiana congratu- | arrested opposite

191 1L.—Copurioht, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

COLD COLLOQUY ON SUICIDE’

|

———
i eS

|
\
|

   
 

FORTY-TWO

AIRMAN GETS A’ FALL,

Schumacher Slightly Hurt When Wing of
His Aero Buckled.

Frank Schumacher had a_ narrow
escape in an aeroplane accident at the
Mineola flying field yesterday afternoon
when the left wing of the machine buckled
about five feet in the air and the aero
dropped to the ground like a piece of
lead. The aviator was thrown from his
seat, but escaped with a slight cut on the
face. The propeller and a number of
the wires were broken in the fall.

Had the machine been higher up the
aviator would have had little chance of

eacape from serious injury, as it would}

have been impossible to have balanced

the machine, Schumacher used a mono-

plane constructed by Walter Fairchilds.
William Hilliard attempted to fly for

an aviator pilot's license, but the engine

was not working well. He will make
another effort this morning.
Both airmen had difficulty in leaving

the ground on account of several inches

of snow.

 

PRIZE) PADEREWSKI PULLET.

Plano Player in Paris on Important Bust-
ness— Something New to Fat.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

Paris, Feb, 11.—Paderewski has been
here for some days but has refused to
receive all interviewers, declaring that
he had important business to attend
to and could not be disturbed.

Various rumors were current, especially
one that he had written an opera to be
produced here. Yesterday the great
pianist solved the mystery himself, saying
that he had come to Paris for the chicken
show,.at which he is exhibiting.

He won first prize for a pullet. “Poulet
Paderewski” has since figured on all the
menis of fashionable restaurants.

HURT HALTING

 

 

RUNAWAY.

 

Dragged Half a Blook and Taken Home
in an Ambulance.

Frederick Schueres, a plasterer living
at 4200 Park avenue, The Bronx, was
dragged half a block and badly cut and
bruised about the legs last night in an
attempt to stop a runaway team on Park
avenue between 182d and 183d streets.

Alfred Woods, a driver for a depart-
ment estore, left the team standing in front
of his door while he went into his home
to get a bite to eat. The horses bolted
through 186th street, turning south into
Park avenue, At 18%d street Schueres
made a rush for their heade and caught
the bridle of one of the horses, which
reared and jerked him off his feet.

Policeman Murray got the bridle of the
other horse about half way down the
block to 182d street and stopped them.
Schueres was taken to his home in an
ambulance from Fordham Hospital

Se ewes ee

(T LERROUX,
Miss the Spanish Radical Agitator, but
Wound Three of His Friends.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN

BaRCELONA, Feb. 11.—Deputy Lerroux,
the Redical leader and agitator and several
f his friends while on the way to attend
to-day were at-
tacked on the street by a group of Car-
lists, who fired a number of revolver
shots at them. Lerroux was not hit, but
three others of his party were wounded,

Lerroux continued on his way to the
meeting, which was held to advance the
interests of his party. He madea ranting
speech of the usual tenor, Afterward he
was enthusiastically cheered,

CARLISTS SHOOT

WHAT ONE NEGRO DID.

Held Up Direct Senatorship Resolution
in Plinols; Probably tsthled tt.

Sprinceterp, HE, Feb 11) Representa-
tive Fdward Green, the only negro in the
Hiinois Assembiv, has held up a joint
resolution asking the Tlinois delegation
in Congress to the resolution
calling for a Constitutional amendment to
provide for the election of Senators by
direct vote of the people

Representative Green told the Judiciary
Committee that if Congress adopted the
resolution now pending the effect will be
practically to disfranchise the negro in
every State in which there is a “grand-
father” clause in the Constitution

The resolution went through the State
Senate without a dissenting vote, but
when it was sent over to the House Green
moved it be committed to the Judiciary
Committee and there he made a fight
which held it up for a week at least, and
probably tor good

support

 

ARREST

 

7 FORTUNE TELLERS

On Warrants Granted Upon Evidence

Secured by Pollce Matron.

Seven more fortune tellers were taken
down to Police Headquarters vesterday
by detectives armed with warrants signed
by Magistrate McAdoo In the majority
of cases the detectives marched in on
the prophets and arrested them in their
own homes. The complainant in ail
the cases was Mrs. Isabella Goodwin,
the police matron who has figured in
similar arrests

The seven are Rosie Klein of 101 West
1Mth street, Nagili Flias of 485 Sixteenth
street, Brooklyn, & Syrian; Madine May
of 255 West Thirty-ninth street, who was
507 Sixth avenue; Hyloo

lating him on his speech in the Senate in| Salada, who says he comes from India
support of Canadian reciprocity Andrew | and lives at 247 West Forty-fourth street;

Carnegie predicts that the Republican
party in Congress is taking a change of
being popular. He says in part:

I wish to congratulate

you upon vour
stand in regard to reciprocity. There is no
possibility of iniury to our own people

from free trade with Canada. Conditions
are very much the same in both lands and
the cost of transportation of any com-
modity in competition with our neighbor
wives a eufficient tariff. The economic
question can safely be discarded, but the
more friendly results to flow from this

 

opening of the doors between Canada and |

the United States are incalculable

1 have never known a& subject so uni-
versally favored in and around New York,
The Chamber of Commerce passed a vote
unanimously in favor of it. I think the
Produce Exchange vote also was unani-
mous. I notice this morning two other
societies are registered in favor of it

I talked with President McKinley on his
way to make the great speech in Buffalo
which the President has quoted, and refoiced
that he recognized that conditiona have
changed, that we had no more infant in-
dustries needing protection, 1 except beet
sugar from thia because it is not yet deter-
mined whether we can produce a home
supply cheaper than we can import or not,
Our friend Secretary Wilson thinks he is
going to demonstrate that we can, | hope
so, Even then the supply of the Weat would
be protected by the cost of inland trane-
1 see great results certain to
grow from this friendly agreement between
ourselves and our fellow Americans north
of the line,

/go much of and chiefly to New England |

 

Ada Lucetta of 240 Kast Fighty-seventh
street; Leon De Vonx, a native of India,
whose beard hung about his faney vest,
and Samuel Haddell of 18% Sixth avenue
The seven were admitted to bail at Head-
quarters and later were taken to night
court There Elias was

PAGES.

'HERE TO BE MARRIED

| disappearance
discharged, | thing, in short,

‘" Sonpay, Fesrvary 12, 1011.
Cloudy and warmer to-day; rain or snow to-
night or to-morrow; variable winds.

==

“PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

SAYSMR. GRISCOM, JR.

‘Arnolds’ Reply Is That He Is
Crazy and Is Not Telling
the Truth.

 

 

 

 

NO TIDINGS YET, THEY SAY

Mrs. Arnold Due To-day—Cable
Messages To and From

Arnold Family,

ATLANTIC CiTY, N. J., Feb. 11.-George
S. Griacom, Jr., around whom the Dorothy
Arnold case has centred since his return
from Europe on Thursday, gave an in-
terview this morning from which the Iin-
ference could well be drawn that the mys-
tery which has surrounded the disappear-
ance of the young woman was nearly at
an end; that she would reappear safe and
sound within a short time and that the
matter would end in a wedding before
long

To-night Mr. Griscom appears less sure
of himself and of his position, although
his cheerful bearing is not that of a man
who has any reason to believe that the
young woman to whom he professes to
have been engaged so short a time ago
as last summer is dead or in any trouble
not easily remedied.

The upshot of the interviews for tne
day, notwithstanding the lack of confi-
dence shown by Mr. Griscom to-nighoe,
is not much at variance with his practi-
cally flatfooted statement of the morn-
ing, when he said that he expected to
marry Miss Arnold as soon as she was
found and that she would be found as
soon as her mother returned. Mrs. Arnold
is on the Pannonia, which is due in New
York.

According to Griscom'’s latest state-
ment he has no knowledge whether
Dorothy Arnold isalive or dead, but has
a conficent feeling that nothing could
have happened to bring about the latter
result. “I feel that she can't be dead,”
is his way of expressing this belief. He
sticks to his statement that he loves Miss
Arnold and that he thinks she loved him
when he last heard from her, and he
repeated to-night his statement of this
morning that he expects to marry her
when she is found.

The state of siege last night at the Cual-
fonte Hotel and in particular at the two
rooms occupied by the Griscoms, parents
and son, was partly raised to-day. Mr.
Griscom, Jr., said that he would talk thie
moening and again to-night. On both
oceasions the father, upone whom the
present situation appears to weigh more
heavily than upon his son, stood at the
| side of the latter and guarded his answers

much after the fashion of a lawyer caring
for the interests of his client's witness,
At times to-night it looked as if the
younger man might say something def-
linite, as he did this morning, but the
father intervened
| When the younger Mr. Griscom was
‘sooken with this morning he at first
hesitated and then spoke right out. About
{the first thing he said was in answer toa
| question whether he and Dorothy Arnold
j were engaged. He said that they loved
Jeach other and that at one time, he
thought he might say, they were engaged.
He admitted by a nod that there had been
| parental objections and added that these
jhed postponed the wedding. Asked if
| he expected to marry Miss Arnold now}
he interposed no conditions. “If she is
found or if she is alive," he did expect to
imarry her, he said. “The wedding,” he
lcontinned, “would probably take place
as soon as Mrs. Arnold arrives.” He said
that he believed when he left Furope that
Mrs. Arnold had come on ahead of nim
and he was surprised to learn that she was
not in thts country on his arrival.
Mr. Griscom, Jr., said that he did not
| know where Dorothy Arnold is now.
Asked if she was somewhere in the region
about Philadelphia or Atlantic City he
paused and agreed with his father that
any information along that line had better
come from the Arnolds. He nodded his
| head when he was asked whether he did
| not believe it true that the Arnold family
now is in a position to place their hands
/ upon Miss Dorothy at any time they wish
;to. This was discounted a bit to-night
when the father, interrupting his son's
‘answer to an identical query, said; “But
you don't know anything about it of your
vn knowledge?” And the son admitted
'that he did not.
! To-night the father and son, speaking
| pretty much in unison, said that they did
‘not know anything about Miss Arnold's
or whereabouts—any-
about the Arnold case.

a SSS

 

Salada was held in $1,000 to keep the peace | While Griscom and Miss Arnold had been

for a year, so was De Voux ,and Haddell; engaged, it might be said, it did not seem
got off with a $500 bond jto them that the date of the beginning
eh i Si F ‘of the engagement and its duration were
SB and Not Afraid of Pte. | matters to be spoken of publicly. They
Among the passengers sailing yester-'said that they did not want to say anye
day by the Fabre liner Madonna, for the thing that ought rather to be said by the
Mediterranean, was Mrs. Isabelle G., Arnolds.
Thomas, who is 83 and is making her A questioner then put together the
seventy-first trip) across the Atlantic, joutlines of the story as it appears from

i ’ panied by her grandson |
Bhe ia gocompe : R *| what has been made public and put with

rank Edward Johnson, and his wife, | A |!
Ere is from Norwich, Conn.,, and says she | it the rumor that after the interview be-

attributes her fine health partly to the! tween Mrs. Arnold and the younger Gris-
influence of the sea air she has imbibed | oom in Florence, John W. Arnold, the
I brother, found Miss Arnold in or near
The pies she Takes, she saze | Philadelphia, and that all that now re-
mained to be done was to await the re-
/turn of the mother before having the
wedding ceremony. Asked about this
Mr. Griscom, Jr., said quickly: “That's
about right.” Then he reflected, and his
father came in with the suggestion thas
his son really did not know these things

cooking. ¢
are as innocuous as the best predigested
breakfast foods.

Costs 810 Now Lawfully to Carry a Pistol,

Pistel carrying in this city hereafter
is going to cost $10 instead of $2.50 for
all those who comply with the Jaw. The
fee goes to the police pension fund, A!
ciroular was sent out from Police Head-, himself, and the son said he did not.
quarters yesterday announcing that the) 4 “personal” advertisement appeared

y

recoiition pumed by the Hoard of Alder= n'y New York ewepaper this morning
eeere tesrenee | reading:

AIKEN AUGUSTA & SOUTHERN RESORTS, Everything |9 going all right. You may
South€rn's Southeastern Lipitie apy N.Y.) expect to hear from me Tuesday. Juntor.

Bea filth ave..cor. 280s stages” §' OM) ate, Grieogm maid PQRiM YANK, Het hte

 

St.—Ade,