‘

.

PPesrsét - setae sebasertavestneo" 1 A?

7

STSRSSa Fe

SPPRESTRERETASN IS Ss

ata

SRF

calj

Sift
rine,
hich
the

au
seth

die

and
polis
the
all
rate

oper

eel

so
"ah
Bg

   
  

" jf Mh

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Generally fair to-day; to-morrow proba-
bly showers; gentle to moderate winds.

[ae

Highest temperature yesterday, 86; lowest, 66.
Detailed weather reports on page 7.

~ VOL.

SMOKE BENEFIT

LXXXIV.—NO. 826.

++

 

'FREIGHTER IS CHASED |

BY ATLANTIC RAIDER

THE BEST SHOW Shin, Bowed German, New

SEEN IN

Every Seat in the Winter,
Garden Filled and Many
Others Stand.

 

 

LARGE SUM REALIZED

 

Noted Actors and Actresses
Give Up Their One Free
Night in Week.

HIGHEST TRIBUTES

 

PAID

 

Stage Folk So Interested They
Remain to Watch After
Finishing Parts,

.
Raymond Hitchcock might have re-
mained quietly at home last night, home
being Great Neck, and cooled off by

 

watching for German submarines from) Simg and Allied Chiefs Call

the deck of his fifty foot motor boat,
the Floating Kidney; and Miss Irene
Franklin as easily as not could have
sat around in something loose all eve-

ning while watching Friend Husband
Burton Green putting little Margaret,
aged 9, and Elizabeth, aged 3, to bed.
Furthermore, Migs Elsie Janis might
have lolled all evening through on the
artificial ice of her private summer and |
winter skating rink on the Janis estate
at Tarrytown; and Clifton Crawford, if
he wanted to be mean, could have put }
in lst evening sauntering down to the |
Latchmont station from his home in'
Cirele avenue, Larchmont, and watching !

 

YBARS'

AN ATLANTIC Port, July 22.—A
strange vessel, believed to be a Ger-
man raider, due west from the Spanish
coast and two-thirds of the way across
thé Atlantic from Europe, was reported |
by a British freight steamship which |
escaped from the unidentified craft and |
arrived here to-day.

Officers of the British vessel described
the stranger as bark rigged, with four
masts and a smokestack between the
main and mizaen masts, She was steer-
ing northwest at 7 knots when sighted
early on July 14, and bore down on the
freighter, The latter outdistanced the |
raider after a brief chase. |

An unsuccessful attack by a German
submarine off-the British coast on July 8)
was made on a British freight steam- |
ship, which arrived here to-day. The
U-boat fired two torpedoes. One passed |
eighteen feet to the freighter’s stern and}
the other the length of the starboard
side not ten feet from the ship.

The British vessel returned fire, send-
ing four shots at the periscope. Ap-
parently every shot missed its mark, but
the firing caused the U-boat to cease its
attack.

U-BOAT BASES ©
IMPREGNABLE

 

 

 

Attack on German Coast
Forts Suicidal.

Wasnhinoton, July 22.—Word has
reached the Navy Department that Brit-
ish officers of the grand fleet, officers of
the French navy and Admiral W. 8.

Sims, in command of the Americal naval | bearing signs ordering the people to take | to Craonne,

forces in European waters, are abso-
lutely opposed to any plan involving an!
attack in force against the German
submarine bases. ‘The present naval
strategy of Admiral Jellico, Chief of

the New Haven trains coming in and | Naval Staff, which sanctions no material
going out; and Miss Frances White and | Change in British naval policy, it ap-

William Rock, who hadn't done a th }
since Saturday morning except play
afternoon at the “Hitchy- * matinee
and all the after dinner hours in the
same show and then dance and

from midnight on at the Ziegfeld “Mid-
night Frolic,” might have-——

But They Didn't.

and Billie and crate after crate of other |
stars all gave up the one night in the |
week they have to themselves and
noe toward the Winter Garden to

ve golderndest, dog-
gonedly most uproarious benefit per-
formance for Ta® SUN and Tue Evento
SUN Smokes for Soldiers Fund that
Broadway ever saw. }

De Wolf Hopper not only brought his;
“El Capitan” of glorious memory up to!
date by making it a plea for tobacco, |

pears, is indorsed by nine-tenths of the

| best opinion obtainable in th Entente

navies. There is no likelihood of its
being changed for the present.

The talk in American newspapers
about the proposed attack on the Ger-
man base is described as an imitation of
the views expressed in London by a
small minority of naval officers and a
somewhat larger following of the pro-

Admiral Sims is against the idea of
sending the dreadnought squadrons,
backed by other forces, against the
masked batteries and mine fields of the
Germans in an attempt to blaze a way
into the U-boat bases. He has made it
clear that a battle under these circum-
stances would be unfavorable to the
grand fleet. None of the dreadnoughts
except the most modern and powerful
ships carrying guns of the longest range
and the greatest weight could hope to
put up a fight against the powerful bat-

but he added a speech which if it came

 

along from a touring political cam- teries that defend the U-boat bases. In
paigner would naturelly be described ag | @4dition to these powerful land batteries
a whiriwind oration. The gist of it was | there must be considered that the Ger-
that soldiers need emokes as much as or |man fleet, reenforced effectively from
more than the rest of us, and then Mr, | land, would have to be reckoned with,
Hopper s‘arted the {rresistible femininity, | While mines and submarines would be
all drawn up and ready to dash in, hat| Additional dangers to any attacking
in hand, along the aisles. force.

Bills piled toward the beauteous collec- The main point, however, concerns the
toresses' outetretched handsas they passe@| ecessity for coping with the German
up and down the aisles, coins were piled }1@nd batteries as a necessary adjunct to
on top of the bills and more bills cov-| Stecessful naval attack. Unless a heavy
ered the coins, What it &ll came to is; firc could be concentrated on these bat-
another matter of exact figures which | teries while the attack is in progress it
cannot be given now, but Will be listed; Would be next to suicidal for any navy
ai the earliest possible moment. | to attempt to operate within range of

Master of Ceremonies Raymond Hitch-; their guns.
cock called them all off in turn and| Some of the British monitors, it is
they came forth before « delighted au- | added, carry guns of the requisite power
dience that filled every orchestra, box | their loss would not be of vital im-
and balcony seat in the Winter Garden | . but the batteries of these ves-
and flowed over into roWs Of standees'}#els are too limited to maintain an in-
that paved the wide foyer from the last|tense and continuous bombardment
tow of seats to the back wall. which alone could be expected to silence

Steadily they flashed forth—De Wolf | the concealed and formidable defences

Hopper, Miss Franklin and Friend Hus-
band Green, William Rock and wee
Frances White (or Miss White and
Billie Rock, for Miss White had all the |
work wished on her by Billie, on the
principle that it’s always the woman
who pays, who pays, who pays! and
Leon Errol of “Hitchy-Koo,” Hal Forde |
of “Oh, Boy,” Miss Janis, who figured
on having just time to motor back to
that Janis estate at Tarrytown, get a
clean pocket handkerchief, kiss her
mother a fond goodby and motor straight
back to Broadway in the gathering dawn
in order to be able to open splendifer-
ously in a brand new act at the Palace
this afternoon.

Many Notables on Bill.

Also there were—wait for the finish,
the list is only getting under way—there
Were Gus Edwards and Gus’s Georgie
and Cuddles and Little Vincent and all
of Gus's rah-rah-rah little songsters ;
and Jim Morton and Maud Rockwell,
and the peaches and creamy Miss Ann
Pennington, she of the dimpled knees;
and the uproafious Miss Fannie Brice
of the Ziegfeld “Follies,” and Miss
Grace La Rue of “Hitchy-Koo,” and

Sophie Braslau of the Metropolitan
Opera Company, and Will Rogers of
Rogers County, Oklahoma, and Long
Beach, L. 1.

Also-—-wait-walt-wait!—Clifton Craw- |
ford again in his ‘Movie’ song, which |

car and his orchestra remembered |
without a rehearsal—just dashed it off |
like THAT, and Miss Ruth McTam- |
many, who made her first appearance |
in America, according to Announcer
Raymond Hitcheock, who is a mah of
Probity, and Anthony Huwer and Olga |
Cook, who is one of the Gus Edwards |
Drima donnas, and Willle Weston and
Felix Adler and both those Dolly girls.

One Was named Roszika and the other
4nsecl, nevertheless Master of Cere-
Monies Hitchcock, just to show what a}
willing worker he was, pronounced both

pg first names, when he could have

v0 cold after saying merely, “The
My Blaters,” if Hitchy had wanted to
a slacker.

Not One Scowl.

yr olke who had hornswoggled stare of
Waitt magnitude such as, say, Bill De
* olf Hopper into coming all the way up
pee Great Neck on a hot. night in order
S “avort about the Winter Garden stage
then” Sammies in France might have
aoe smokes—these folks who had got
oy and the others there couldn't help

inking how Bill would have preferred,
errhape, to be back at Great Neck re-
“ie Cilnertian stuff to the baby be-

green “ins of his claret lemonade, And
oe who had asked the player folk to
ma their one free night tried to hide

pekin Vinter Garden seenery as estar

. ’ star came through the stage door
“d started in in businesslike fashion to
Make up for the big show.

; But in @ moment it became evident

4 Continued on Slath Page.

 

      
 

ashore. There has been some talk, it is
reported to the Navy Department, of a
plan to build special ships for “war on
coasts,"’ but this idea is not being pushed
primarily because every British shipyard
is now crowded with the construction of
vitally needed destroyers and cargo ves-
sels.-

PRICE OF FLOUR MAY DROP.

Minimum of $12 a Barrel Expected
in Minneapolis.

MINNEAPOLIS, July 22.—A minimum
price of about $12 a barrel, retail, for
best grades of flour should result with a
minimum price for wheat fixed at $2 a
bushel, as proposed in the food control
bill passed by the Senate yesterday, local
flour men said to-night.

Best grades of flour were quoted at
$13.50 a barrel, wholesale, here yester-
day, an advance of 50 cents on the week,

NEWS FOR THE FOLKS AT HOME

Inquiry Bureaa Established Cover-
ing Troops in France.

WasuINnoTon, July 22.—To assure the
folks at home of news of the American
soldiers serving in France Adjt.-Gen.
McCain is about to establish a new
division in his office.

The new division will have to do
with compilation of all sorts of informa-
tion in regard to the officers and en-
listed men on duty abroad, which will
be supplied to their friends and rela-
tives on inquiry.

COP SAVES CARRIAGE,
BUT BABY SAVES SELF

Though Wet, Brooklyn Guar-
dian Is Truz Chesterfield.

Patrolman Joseph Bauman, on duty
near the music stand tn Prospect Park,
Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon, .rushed
to the assistance of a woman who
clasped her hands imploringly and cried:

“My baby!"

She pointed to a baby carriage that
was speeding down a decline to the
stream that connects the Swan and Big
lakes. As the vehicle splashed into the
water and settled, Bauman leaped after
it. By dint of considerable exertion he
shoved it to the shore. When, com-
pletely soaked, he pushed the top aside,
the baby was missing. |

The policeman turned iowerd the
water again. The woman shrieked:

“The baby!"

Then she pointed
crawling in the grass.

Bauman never faltered. He
courteously,

“At least, madam,” he murmured,
“allow me to restore to you yew bay
carriage.” ‘Then he went home, nged

 

 

 

 

 

 

ee ee ee ee SN

toward a kiddle
bowed

‘| his clothes and returned to the park, °

NEW YORK, MONDAY, JULY

RAIDERS KILL
(1; WARNINGS
SAVE LONDON

Stiff Anti-Aireraft Fire
Keeps. Germans From
British Capital.

 

SOUND BOMBS, LIFESAVERS

26 Injured in East Coast Towns
_ —Enemy Plane Brought
Down at Sea.

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tax Su®

Lonpon, July 22.—Striking proof that
England has learned the lesson of the
repeated recent air raids on London
was given to-day when a squadron of
German airplanes raided the east coast.
The Germans killed eleven persons and
injured twenty-six, but the property
damage was almost nil and the raiders
were unable to reach London. The Ger-
mans were driven off by the greatest
concentration of anti-aircraft guns yet
employed. One was brought dewn over
the Channel on its way home.

Moreover, a new system of air raid
warnings in London worked so well that
it seems likely that in the future the
Germans will take fewer lives in their
air raids. When the police received
word that the Germans were trying to
reach London they discharged sound
bombs, an innovation. This was at 8:30
in the morning,
brought the people from their beds,
Policemen also ran through the streets

cover.

Thereupon London's sleepy Sunday
morning was broken up at intérvals of
fifteen to thirty seconds by the discharge

of sound bombs. Many people believed |

it was either the dropping of German
guns or the firing of anti-aircraft gune.
Few had read the marning newspapers,

and the explosions |

 

 

23,

 

 

Sun.

1917.—copyriont, 1917, dy the Sun Printing and PubMehing Association.

 

 

A lang —
OPT RE a i Te Re PR oR EN) TRIE RTT Ie

ONE CENT m

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

 

   
   

 

 

Greater New York { TWO CENTS.

 

‘SERBS REPEL TWO
TEUTON ATTACKS

Artillery Fire Heavy onWhole
Macedonian Front.

Panis, July 22.—Besides their attacks
on the Nussian and French fronts, the
Central Powers have been able to con-

uc; two successive attacks on the Ser-
biga lines in Macedonia, Both attacks
were beaten baci. The artillery fire on
the whole Macedonian front has been
heavy. Gen. Sarrail sends the following
report:

The enemy atteripted, without suc-
cess, a new attack on the Serbian
front near Staravina. Thére Was can-
nonading dn both sides of the whole
front. Our artillery started a fire in
the enemy lines west of Sokal, which
continued throughout the day.

British airplanes bombarded an au-
tomobdile park at Demir-Hissar. In
aerial engagements to-day two enemy
airplanes were brought down.

CROWN PRINCE'S
ARMY REPULSED

| Waves of German Troops Sent
to Death in Fight for
Chemin des Dames.

 

 

 

 

 

Lonpon, July 22.—With
flerceness the battle for the Chemin des
| Dames was resumed at dawn to-day and
is still raging. Wave after wave of

picked German troops has been hurled
; at the dominating French positions on
| the ridge.
j the Germans have been repulsed prac-
| tically all along the line.

The fiercest struggle raged on the two
| plateaux of Californie and Casemate, on
; the three miles of front from Hurtebise

 

southeast of Laon. The
Crown Prince was determined to regain
|; both from the French troops and
| free his army from its precarious posi-
tion at their foot, right under the French
guns.

At daybreak the first German attacks
were made with large forces led by
| picked storming troops. To the west

 

redoubled

After hand to hand fighting |

 

ITARNOPOLFALLS|DRAF TED MEN FACE CALL
WHILE RUSSIANS|) FOR EXAMINATION AT ONCE;

KEEP UP FLIGHT) STATE APPORTI ONS

 

Rétreat on Southern Front
Endangers Whole Line
of Republic’s Force.

 

MAXIMALISTS TO BLAME

 

Into Galicia—Gain at Vilna
May Save Slavs.

 

Lonpon, July 22.—Dire peril faces the
Russian armies on the whole southern |
front because of the utter demoralization
| of the troops fleeing before the German
oon in eastern Galicia. The Rus- |

sians have given up the city of Tarno- |
| pol, which is in flames, while to tho
; South another Russian army is begin-'|
| ning to break. {
| Scattered and broken, the Russian)
| troops have fled across the River Sereth, |
|burning the bridges behind them, The}
German and Austrian pursuers have
reached the right bank of the Sereth,
with only a demoralized mob to contest
the crossings.

This tremendous reverse has been
caused solely by the instability of the
Russian troops, worked upon by the pro-
German exhortations of the Maximalists, |
the Russian radicals. |

“Our troops have shown complete die- |
‘ obedience toward thelr commanders and |
are continuing their retreat,” says the}
official statement from Petrograd. “Our |
retreat was almost uninterrupted.” }
| There is just a chance that the whole |
| Russian army and the republic itself |

will not have to pay a etaggering price |
| for the
| Tarnopol.

 

 

}

 

treachery of the army about
To the north the Russian

|
|
Teutons Drive 25 Mile Wedge
|
|
|

 

     
     
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
         
         
       
     
   

Kerensky and Kaiser Both Go to East Front.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux.

LONDON, July 22.—The tremendous importance of the situation on

the Rusian front brought about by the successful German offensive

is shown by the fact that M. Kerensky, Russia’s new Premier and

strong man, has gone to the front, and at the same time it is announced

from Copenhagen that the Kaiser is hurrying to German headquarters
on the eastern front. :

The central committee of the Workmen’s and Soldiers’ Delegates
has urged Kerensky to go to the front and hearten the troops who
have undergone such terrific blows and suffered from disorganization
in the last few days. . Kerensky is now not only Premier but War
Minister and commander in chief of the Russian military and naval
forces. He will have to work a miracle if he is to attain success. He
is considered as great a man as Napoleon in Russia, but Napoleon said
pt by can’t run a great war and a revolution at home at the same

me.”

Kerensky will have
greater power than any

eater power than he ever had before and
ussian has had since the revolution. Ata
meeting in Petrograd of delegates from the army at the front it was
resolved that it had become absolutely necessary to turn over all
authority to the Premier.

 

 

 

SEA FIGHT FAKE

T0 UNIFY NATION

Wants Government, People| Seeretary of Navy Explains
and Reichstag. to Work | Story of Two “Attacks” on
in Common. U. S. Transports.

COPENHAGEN, July 22.—Emperor Will- WASHINGTON, July 22.—A new version

eco on the Vilna front have started

{ portant centre of German communica- | German newspapers received here as an ; American

a big drive aimed at that highly im-

|
in which {t was officially announced that|the Germans were unable to reach the! the German lines,

the new sound bombs would be dis-
charged as a warning.

Most of the streets were deserted, but
in the regions of the underground sta-
tions whole families flocked out in vari-
Ous stages of undress and dashed hur-

riedly for the protection of the “tubes.” | the attack, and French army headquar- | has been violent.
Even the crowded stations were orderly. | ters reports that they were alded by “a, attacks “broke down,” the statement

| French trenches, being torn to bits by
j the French barrage. To the east the
rmans reached the French trenches,

| but were flung back at the point of the’ War Office says that very strong Rus-;and the Reichstag and the Government | yy

| bayonet.
| Again the German troops were sent to

Drive by Ruasians.
A night bulletin issued by the German |

| sian attacks were made near Smorgen jand the Crown, althcugh the warning is | tory in the first naval battle with the
y fire for day8| uttered against attaghing any excessive i enemy:

and Krevo, where artiller

After saying that the |

Fathers shepherded their children to bombardment of unheard of intensity.” | adds that “at a few places where the
safety and then departed to bring back|Great numbers of German batteries) Russians penetrated our line the fight- |
hastily abandoned breakfasts and the threw shells on the Frénch trenches. ' ing continues.”

places of refuge were quickly trans-
formed into community breakfast rooms.

City Never Approached.

Although .the raiders, numbering be-
tween fifteen and twenty, crossed
coast and headed for London, they never
reached the city nor dropped bombs any-
where near it. At 9:30 the police again
circulated with placards saying this
time that all was clear. At 9:45 the
churchgoers were on their way and the
picknickers too, unretarded by war's
vicissitudes from enjoying a perfect
summer day.

The official announcement follows:

A squadron of enemy airplanes—
from fifteen to twenty-one—approached
Felixstowe and Harwich at 8 o'clock
this morning. Some bombs were
dropped, but the heavy fire from the
anti-aircraft defence caused the
enemy's formation to split up, part
returning overseas and part proceed-
ing south, down the Essex coast. The
latter party was heavily engaged by
gunfire all down the Essex coast and
finally proceeded homeward without
dropping more bombs.

The raiders were pursued out to
sea and heavily engaged by our air-
planes, but the visibility was low and
the difficulties of observation were
very great.

The casualties at Felixstowe and
Harwich so far are eleven killed and
twenty-six injured.

Brash Lasts Two Hours,

The moment the Germans were over
the coast thelr formation was broken up
by the heavy fire from the strengthened
and improved anti-aircraft defences.
Those raiders who flew down the coast
were beset by a concentrated fire of un-
usual intensity, while British planes
quickly took the air and chased the
Germans. Other planes from Belgium
went up to meet them, The whole affair
was over in two hours.

SIAM ENTERS WAR
AGAINST GERMANY

 

Little Kingdom Seizes Ships

of Teutonic Allies.

Lonpon, July 22.-—Siam has declared
‘that a state of war exists with Germany
and Austria, according to a Reuter
despatch from Bangkok.

Nine steamers, aggregating
tons, have been seized.

The object of Siam’s declaration Is to
“uphold the sanctity of international

rights against nations snowing contempt
for the principles of humanity and re-
spect for small States,”

All Germans and Austrians, the des-
patch adds, have been placed under ar-
rest and thelr businesses closed,

19,000

 

Siam, “the land of the free,” a king-
dom of southeastern Asia, has a popula-
tion of something more than 8,000,000,
Universal liability to military service
on the European model is in force. The
peace strength of the army is about
12,000 men, while the navy consists
nominally of twenty-one veseels, all of
small size. In peace there are 6,000
men Available for service afloat be-
sides a reserve of 20,000, In the nine-
teenth century regular diplomatic rela-
tions were established with the United
States and the European nations,

Siam is the eighteenth nation to enter
the war against Germany. Those na-
tions which have actually declared war
or a state of war are the United States,
Greant Britain, France, Italy, Rugsla,
Serbia, Montenegro, Belgium, Rumania,
Greece, Japan, Brazil, Cuba, Panama,
Hayti, Liberia and San Marino. Na-
tions that have broken diplomatic rela-
tions witih Germany or otherwise
aligned themselves with the Allies are
China, Bolivia, Honduras, Guatemala,
Coala Rica and Uruguay.

 

Chokes to Death Hating a Steak.

Stamrorp, Conn., July 22,--Michael
Dora, a middle aged man of this city,
choked to death to-day while eating a
steak in a local restaurant. A lar
piece of the meat lodged in his wind
pipe and he died before an ambulance
could convey him to the hospital

rN ahmed Tt anh nln haath bl dl ld RNS i net tN hs cht bbl alah ili ak aia

*}economy in. thé

‘The lat@r attacks were incessant, new
, troops being rushed up without interval
| to fill the gaps.

On the Casemate plateau the Germans
this time gained a footing, but each
time were sent reeling back down the
slope by the French counter attacks,
| leaving their dead piled on the ground.
{On the Californie plateau the French
| resistance was equally stubborn, but
{during the afternoon the Germans got
into the French first line trenches, where
a hand to hand combat still rages.

On other parts of the French front
also the fighting has been heavy, At
Verdun the guns were active during the
| night ane continued so to-day. Two
|German infantry attacks north of Be-
zonvaux succeeded temporarily, but in
hard fighting they were finally driven

 

back. Two more attacks on the Meuse |

;-heights were repulsed. In Champagne
| aizo the artillery fire has been very
strong.

The British front has been again the
scene of very heavy artillery fire, es-
pecially on the front in Belgium, which
| continued into the night. Air fighting
[ae trench raids are aiso reported.

| GERMANS TRAPPED.

Soldiers Unable to Advance or Re-
tire After Attack.

By the Associated Press.

With THe Frencu ARMigs IN FRANCE,
July 22.—The Fifth Division of the Ger-
man Guard in its furious attack on the
eastern end of the Chemin-des-Dames,
on the Aisne front, during Thursday
night and Friday morning gained noth-
ing but a death trap in the shape of a
trench £00 6r 600 yards long on the
northern side of the crest between
Casemate and Californie plateaux.
above Craonne. The vbjective of the
Germans, to obtain posséssion of ob-
servation points, was defeated totally,
To-day hundreds of German bodies lie
on the ground and the Germans who
' Bu ly are holding the trench can-
| not advance or retire.
| The cannonade to-day was most in-
| tense, and the French, who are in a
position to observe all movements of
the enemy, smothered with shells several
attempts of the Germans to assemble
troops in the vicinity for further opera-
| tions,
| Numbers of prisoners belonging to the
famous Guard regiments were taken.
From them it was learned that the at-
tack had been arranged for several
| days previously, but the German Crown
Prince decided to await the arrival of
special units of shock troops before mak-
ing the assault. A model of the French
| defensive system had been constructed
| behind the German lines, and the troops
| destined for the attack were instructed
| therewith before making the assault.
| They met their masters in the shape of
| stolid and hard fighting regiments from
| Touraine, which held the position. The
{only point along the whole line of at-
|tack from Craonne t) Hurtebise at
which the Germans succeeded in obtain-

ing any advantage was between the
,;Casemate and Californie
| where the creat is narrowest and where

was impossible for
bring much artillery to bear, owing to
the configuration of the ground,

All through Thursday night and [ri-
day hand to hand fighting proceeded
j with grenades and bayonets until the
exhausted Germans were compelled to
seek shelter in shell craters and gshat-
tered trenches of the front line formerly
held by the French. There they cannot
move or s@e, belne under constant
machine gun and artillery fire of domi.
nating French batteries, aud they still
remain on the wrong side of the crest.
The few yards they galned are being
reconquered gradually by the French,

ARMY MUST SAVE ON CLOTHES,

Old Allowance System Under War
Department Ban.

WasuiInotTon, July 22.--Clothing is to
be lesued hereafter toa the American sol-
dier only in accordance w hia indi-
vidual needs, the War Department hav.
ing decided to abandon the system
of issuing regular allow; which af-
forded soldiers an o unity to effect
individual savings. nder the new plan
organisation commanders will held
peewee for proper eq it of their
men a at

Sree i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

plateaux, |

the French to |

| Success on the northern front must |
come quickly if it is to retrieve the very (
| dangerous situation in Galicia, The Ger- |
| mang have now driven a wedge nearly
| twenty-five miles deep and ten miles
| wide inte the Russian front, and if they |
| Cross the Sereth threaten to cut the
| whole southern front in two. That done,
| any disaster would be posstble.

From Berlin and Vienna come reports |
; that the army formerly commanded by
| Gen. Kornlioff has been forced to give
way. Its northern flank was left ex-
posed by the withdrawal of the panic
| Stricken Russians near Tarnopol, If this
‘movement continues all the
gained in the recent Russian offensive,
| including Halicz, must be relinquished.
| The Russian official statement fol- |
lows:

Southwest of Dvinsk, in the direc-
tion of Vilna and Baranovichi, an
| {Intense artillery duel is proceeding.

West of Tarnopo! the enemy continues
| to attack in the direction of Tarnopol
and toward the south along the Stripa.

Our troops have shown complete
disobedience toward their commanders
and are continuing their retreat be-

 

sion resisted in the region of Dolge-
anka. Our armored cars fired on
German cavalry on the Tarnopol road.

Toward the evening of July 18 our
troops made a stand on the Sereth on
the Zalorzce - Tarnopol - Tychkomaze
front. The village of Zagorbilia, a
suburb of Tarnopol, ts in the hands of
the enemy.

In spite of our superiority in num-
bers in the regions attacked, our re-
treat was almost uninterrupted. This
is the result of the Instability of our |
troops, disregard for military orders
and the propaganda of the Maximal-
ists,

 

On the River Lomnica, after a bom-
bardment, the enemy took the offen-
sive in the regions of the villages of
Babino and Studzianka and forced our
troops to evacuate Babino and cross
the right bank of the Lomnica. On the
rest of the front there was rifle firing.

The Rumanian and Caucasus fronts
are unchanged.

The Teuton official statements are as
follows:

German Day Statement—The coun-
ter attack begun on July 19 in eastern
Galicia has developed into a great
success for the German and allied
arms, The principal objective of the
Russian Eleventh Army failed. In
spite of the bad condition of the roads
our brave troops pressed forward in-
defatigably. In repeated and desper-

ate encounters they everywhere de-
feated
forces.
pol the Brzezany-Tarnopol railway has
been reached at several points. Near
| Brsezany the Seventh Russian Army
| also is beginning to yield to increasing
' pressure on {ts flanks. The number of
| prisoners and the amount of booty are
large. At Jezierna rich supplies of
provisions, munitions and other war
stores fell into our hands,
| The artillery duel on the Shara and
| Servosch is spirited. The north wing
| in the battle which is beginning is
| assigned to the army group of Gen,
} von Bichhorn.
; Smorgon the Ruselans, after a strong
artillery preparation, attacked yester-
'

newly brought

}

Between Krevo and

day evening with a strong force. ‘Their
assaults broke down with heavy losses
on the front of the German troops.
After an agitated night fresh fighting
broke out at that point. Northward
as far as Narox Lake and also be-
tween Drysytaty Lake and Dvinsk the
increased artillery fighting continued,
Many Russian reconnoltring advances
were broken down.

German Night Statement—South of
Smorgon strong Russian attacks broke
down, Ata few places where the Rus-
sians penetrated our line the fighting
continues,

Under the pressure of our attack on
the Sereth the whole Russian front
from the Zlota Lipa close up to the
Dniester is yielding.

The Austrian Statement—The fight-
ing In eastern Galicia is developing
into a formidable blow against the
Russian arms. Yesterday afternoon
our allies forced their way forward
from Tarnopo! to as far as the Sereth
bridgehead. During the fight the rall-

Continued on Third Page,

 

| closer

troops which admits that!

tions and have at some points pierced | earnest of his determination to maintain) there was no “battle” between the sub- | proximately

QUOTA

| 80,000 Expected to Undergo
Physical Tests for Army
This Week.

 

 

PREPARED FOR RUSH

| Physicians Ready to Begin
| Labors on Word From
| Washington.

PLAN TO TRAP FAKERS

(Claims for Exemptions Will
Be Filed After Appearance
Before Surgeons.

4

 

Two things hold back the next and
third step in the national draft sched-
ule—the arrival of the official serial
lists from Washington and the receipt
of orders from Albany apportioning
the exact quota each board district Is
to raise. Probably by to-morrow night
these two matters will be taken care
of and then immediately the “Notices
to Call and to Appear for Physical
Examination” will be sent out by the

ae boards, and within another
| twenty-four hours the steady etreams
of designated registrants will start

jlam's conference with the Parliamentary | Of the submurine attack on the trans-| mowing through the examining rooms
leaders Friday evening is treated by the | Ports carrying the Pershing division of | jn this city.

The end of the week may
see the physical examination of ap-
80,000 young men com-

and cultivate closer relations with the| marines and the convoys or destroyers, pleted, halt of whom will be chosen to
Reichstag, perhaps as the beginning of | was made public to-night by Secretary! Serve with the colors.

a new era of common work of the people

weight to the meeting.

The proceedings took the line of in-
formal conversations between the Em-
peror and the members of the Reichstag,
the Emperor, as usual, prescribing the
subject for conversation. The Emperor
evidently aimed to impress his auditors
with the great success of the submarine
warfare, which, according to the Vos-
sische Zeitung, he described as working
beyond all expectations and bringing
England's certain destruction.
The exhaustive details related by the
Emperor perhaps may have affected the
representatives of the Left. When Dr.
Michaelis in his Reichstag speech Thurs-

 

of the Navy Daniels. |
Mr. Daniels stirred patriotic ardor on}
ly 4 by announcing an American vic- |

He described two “attacks in|
force” by German submarines on thei
transports and stated that American de-
stroyers were believed to have sunk ene
submarine in the second encounter. |
Subsequently Chairman Creel of the|
Committee on Public Infornyation ex- |
Plained that he had elaborated Admiral
Gleaves’s “somewhat cryptic” report of
the incidents but had not departed from
the strict line of fact.

Thereupon Senator Penrose offered aj
resolution in the Senate calling for the
Gleaves report. The resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to the chairman of which, Sen- |
ator Tillman, Mr. Daniels addressed the !

! consequence thousands of young

Still Call for Nambers,.
Yesterday showed little abatement tn

| the clamor for the important “red ink

number.” The greater majority of the
boards throughout the city were open
for at least a part of the day, and many,
like Board 118, at Stuyvesant High
School, put in a good eight hours of
sweltering with their labors little appre-
ciated,

Some of the boards had yet to complete
their alphabetical lists of names with
the serial numbers opposite, and as a
men

| were kept standing in long lines, while

flustered, overworked clerks and board
members ran down single names at a
time. Other boards simply posted nu-
merical lists of the serial numbers and
left it to the patlen@e and superpatriot-

1
|
yond the Sereth. Only the 155th Divi- |

up Russian

In the region west of Tarno-
|
|

| tion and training of personnel,

day referred to false prophets who had ! explanation he now makes public.
done the fatherland a disservice by set- |
ting a definite date for Great Britain's;
end, members of the Left maliciously |

Daniels Defends Statement.
In his letter Mr. Daniels defends the

ground | shouted in chorus, “Helfferich!” refer-; Statement given to the public and as-|

ring to Dr. Karl Helfferich, Vice-Chan- | 8ures the Naval Committee that the text
cellor, of the Gleaves despatch is subject to its
inspection, although it obviously cannot
be made public because of the names of

ene | vessels and other military information
Emperor William seems to have paid} i; contains.

less attention to the question of reform. “Late in the afternoon of July 3,"
The Tagebdlatt says he avoided politics, | wrote the Secretary, “the welcome news
while another account says PhilipP| came that the last ship of the convoys
Scheidemann, the Socialist teader, re-| and transports carrying the first Ameri-
frained from pressing him concerning; can soldiers and marines to fight in
political conditions. ‘France had reached its destination in
Chancellor Michaelis and other Minis- safety, without accident or injury to
ters and Secretaries of State were pres-' men or ships.
ent at the conference, but they seemed} ‘This relief was, of course, shared by
to have been successful in concealing | ail others in the Department, who had
from the members of the Reichstag and | been apprehensive every minute since

Still Evading Reform.

 

the newspapers the Government's inten-| June 28, when Admiral Gleaves, in al

tions regarding the injection of new/ brief cable, had reported that sub-
blood into the executive branch of the| marines had made attacks upon two di-
Government. visions of the transports.

Some optimistic political reporters say |*
that Dr. Michaelis desired an adjourn-|
ment of the Reichstag only to take up|,
with individual parties the selection of | As soon as the news was communi-
favored individuals who are to represent | cated by an officer of the department, I
the people in the reformed Government. | hastened to the War Department to ap-
The Lokalanzeiger assures its readers | Prise the Secretary of War of the fact,
that it has been decided to invest Par- | for I knew he had felt the deepest solici-

. ; tude, as he too was informed of the at-
liamentary representatives with OXECUs | a aks.

ly in the !mperial 7.
thy Se brccsian Sainistry. , | “At once a statement was prepared
‘and given out that evening which I knew

He Explains the Changes.

May Create New Council, The message of Rear Admiral Gleaves

The Tageblatt’s version is that a “war; announcing the attacks, of course, had
and peace council” is to be created and} not been given to the public, and conse-
will be composed of parliamentarians; quently it had been spared anxiety. The
and representatives of the Imperial Gov-| statement which I gave to the public
ernment and the federated States. The] conveyed the feeling of all who had
Chancellor is to be chairman of thej been waiting and hoping for the reas-
council, to exercise an influence in an/| suring telegram.
unspecified manner and save the na-
tion from unpleasant surprises on the
conclusion of peace.

Vorwaerts, discussing the Lokal-
anzeiger’s report, says the creation of
a Prussian ministry composed of advo-
cates of franchise reform would be a
great step in advance, because nobody
believes the promised electoral reforms
can be put through by the present |
Cabinet, ‘The newspaper 1a sceptical as names of the ships, which for military

to the truth of the report. reasons are never given out during a

“Rejolcing Was Warranted.’

“The facts were stated not in the very
words of the Gleaves cablegram, for it is
the immemorial policy of the Department
in time of war not to employ the lan-
guage of a message coming in code,
Otherwise it would be easy for the enemy
to learn the cipher, Moreover, the mes-
sage of the Rear Admiral contained the

 

 

 

Connecticut Rope

 

The Vossische Zeitung of Berlin re-! war
ports that Germany's dispute with Ar-| ‘in, important part of the statement
See ealtiy, in a fair way to be eettled) i121 to the public was that all our sol-
Avatrike agitation has begun among | Gier# and marines and ships had been
workmen in the shipbuilding industry, | ty, groups arrived without being at-
particularly metal workers, at Hamburg. | tacked and two were unsuccessfully at-
They demand a reduction of working | tioned, If the terms ‘battle’ and ‘at-
hours to fifty-two a week and an in-| tacked in force’ are open to criticism
crease In wages of 60 per cent. Women| the fact still remains that the rejoicing
workers also have formulated demands. | was warranted. If the torpedoes in
Sretinnerepee : canencral | either of the attacks had sunk American
| ships the criticism made would not have
$5,000,000,000 FOR concerned itself with the difference be-
|} tween what might have been called a
ARMY TO BE ASKED | ‘battle’ or an ‘encounter’ or a ‘brush.’
-_—_—--——- “The cablegrams from the Rear Ad-
: miral, which have not been given to the
Estimate Based on Plans for| public for reasons stated above, are, of
Force of 2,000,000. course, subject to the inspection of the
cmentiemeanasigpniemiies Naval Affairs Committee,”
WASHINGTON, July 22.—The War De. noeeeeeeeenessavenennes
partment 1s about ready to submit to} HOMEGUARD AVERTS LYNCHING
Congress a Pee caren? deficiency esti- ;
mate of nearly $5,000,000,000,
The estimate has been carefully made ; =P “oe
from the recommendations submitted by | Around Culprit's Neck.
chiefs of bureaus, with the prencipal | Mvopys, Conn., July 22,-Members of
items of cost coming from the Quarter-! the jocal home guard were called on to-
master-General of the army, In making | day to rescue Philip Matinuck from an
the estimate it has been very difficult to | excited group of men who were rushing
determine with any degree of accuracy | him with a rope around his neck to a
what will be the needs of the army |tree, after he had shot Louis Grollman,
during the remainder of the present fis- | proprietor of a hotel here. Gro!lman’s
cal year, which this proposed expend!-} wounds are not serious.
ture covers. ' Matinuck’s wife, who left him about
The estimate, however, will be based /two years ago, taking their child with
on plans of the War Department for a| her, is employed at the hotel. Matinuck
force of no less than 2,000,000 men in| went there demanding to see the child
the fleld next year, either in Europe or/and, according to the authorities, shot
in camps in the United States ready to|Grollman whet the latter tried to have
go to Europe. These troops must he him Ieave.} Matinuck was seized by
adequately equipped in every respect, | hote attendants and-others, who were
especially with provision for transparta- | abo to lynch him, when the home
| euara came, up.

| would intensely gratify all Americans. |

aati

iem of the anxious registrants to find
their own names in the haystack of pa-
pers. Board 100, holding forth in Public
School 3, at Grove and Hudson streets,

graciously permitted certain sturdy
voiced enthusiasts to read aloud to the
waiting crowds the numerical lists. In

some cases hours were spent in a futile
endeavor to discover numbers.

Word received from the Governor at
Albany last night indicated that it
might be another day, and possibly two
more, before the final proportionate cal-
culations will have been completed and
the quotas assigned to each board.
Twice the number of men demanded will
be called for examination to allow gen-~
| erously for the necessary physical rejec-
j tions and for those who are exempted
{on account of dependents or for other
{| reacons,

}

Finishing Apportionment.

Roscoe 8S. Conkling, who has
practically in charge of the local exe
emption arrangements, left for Albany
late Saturday night and spent all day
yesterday laboring with a great force
of clerks under the Adjutant-General in
finishing up the gigantic task of accu-
| rately apportioning the State's quota.
| Each county and each of the eighteen
citles of the State which were recog-
nized by the Federal Government as
having approximately 45,000 inhabitants
will be credited with the number of men
;'Which they had in the National Guard
on April 1, with their subsequent con-
| tribution of men to the army and the
| National Guard from April 2 to June 30.
| For all its complicated setting and
mysterious atmosphere the third step,
or the actual examination and accep-
tance of registrants, is basically a simple
proposition. AB s00n as the official
serial lists are received from the War
Department and the quota secured from
Albany each board will mail its pre-
scribed number of calls for examination
—being, as previously etated, twice the
actual quota required. This blank form
contains the direction to appear and
the day and hour for the examination.
The lists are supposed to be divided in
three parts and each sent out on a
different day.

When the registrant appears at the
board headquarters on the prescribed
time he is first subjected to a strict and

been

!

exacting physical examination If one
physician fails to pass him he is imme-
diately reexamined by a second physi-
|cian, and if he, too, turns the registrant
cown his troubles are over forthwith,
lif, however, the second physician passes
/him the army gets the benefit of the

}doubt and the young man is accepted.

The registrant of course has the right
to appear later before a higher examin-
ing board.

Physicians Perfecting Plans,

With the applicant passed, he imme-
diately states whether he wishes to
claim exémption and if so on what
grounds, If he claims no exemption he
is marked “accepted,” but claiming ex-
emption the proper blanks and affidavits
are given him ané@ he its ordered to re-
turn them to the board on or before
seven days have elapsed,

No oral examination is held at this
subsequent board sitting, but only the
papers and affidavits in each case care-
fully gone over, Within three days the
registrant is informed whether his .ex-
emption claims have been accepted, If

they are turned down he has recourse
lto the district boards, four or five of
{which will sit in Greater New York,
Yestercay the physician members of
the exemption boards throughout the
}elty were busy perfecting plans to meet
j the rush of registrants when the exami-
nation calis ate fually sent Gut. Gov-
ernment calculations apparently greatly
overestimated the speed of the New
York physicians, as the estimates are
apparently made on the basis of forty
examinations a day. Most of the ex-
aminers feel that twenty minutes is the
quickest possible time that a candidate
could be thoroughly examined, while

 

many others hold to the opinion of Dr,»

GSS Sa ee a. pe ee

ae

ee