——

VOL, LXVIL—-NO, 184

PUERTO RICO'S MONEY BACK

 

 

 

PRESIDENT PROPOSES AND HOUSE
yorkS TO SPEND DUTIES THERE,

Democrats, Taken by Surprise, Offer Angry
Opposition to the Seheme and All but
Ten of Them Vote Against It-Short and

Over 82,000,000 Ready,

Wasninaton, March 2.—The President, be-
fore going to New York to-day, sent the follow-
ing message to the Senate and the House of
Representatives:

“Since the evacuation of Puerto Rico by the
Bpanish forces on the 18th day of October,
18008, the United States has collected on pro-
duets coming from that island to the ports of
the United States the duties fixed by the Ding-
ley act and amounting to $2,005,455.88, and
will continue to collect @nder said law until
Congress shall otherwise direct, Although I
had the power and, having in mind the best in-
terests of the people of the island, used it, to
modify duties on goods and products entering
{nto Puerto Rico, I did not have the power to re-
mit or modify duties on Puerto Rican prodacts
coming into the ports of the United States, In
viewof the pressing necessity forimmediate rev-
enue in Puerto Kico for conducting the govern-
ment there and for the extension of public edu-
cation, and In view also of the provisional log-
islation just inaugurated by the House of Kep-
resentatives and for the purpose of making
the principle embodied in that legislation ap-
plicable to the immediate past as well as to the
immediate future, I recommend that the above
pum eo collected and the sums hereafter col-
Jected undor existing law shall, without wait-
(ng for the enactment of the general legisia-
tion now pending, be appointed for the use and
benofit of the island. «= Winttam McKIn vey.

“Executive MANSION, March 2, 1000.”

This unexpected mesaage and Mr. Cannon's
dramatic introduction of a bill to carry out
the recommendation with a request for con-
pent for Immediate consideration fairly took
the Democrats off their feet and before they
recovered their equilibrivm consent had been
given and the bill was before the House. A
fierce political skirmish of an hour ensued.
The Democrats, furious at being outgener-
alled, displayed a degree of bitterness,
especially on the part of the usually genial
and diplomatic leader, Mr. Richardson, not
often shown. The bill was passed after three
rollcalls. The vote was 162 yeas to 107 nays,
fourteen ofthe minority, ten Democrats, two
Populists and two Bilverites voting with the
Republicans for it.

When the message from the President was
read Mr. Richardson sprang to his feet, and as
600n as the applause which the Republicans
gave at the close of the reading ceased, he
shouted, stretching his long arms toward the
Republican side: “I hope the recommendation
will meet with favor on that side,”

Instantly the iupetuous Cannon was in the
aisle, waving 4 paper in his hand, shaking his
head and speaking in indignant tones, “We'll
gee,” he responded, “if it meets with favor on
that side. Mr, Speaker, Il ask unanimous con-
gent for the immediate consideration of the bill
which Isend to the Clerk's desk.” The bill
was read, appropriating $2.005,455.88, the
amount of custome duties collected on Puerto
Rican products to Jan, 1, 1000, forthe relief of
the people of that island, and authorizing the
same use of such subsequent customs, eol-
lected under existing law until Congress other-
wise orders,

\'r, Richardson You'd better do it to-day,
you'll change your minds by to-morrow.
Laughter.

Noobjection was offered to the consideration
ofthe bill, but Mr. Richardson asked if there

»be any debate, Mr. Cannon
presented a plain question, The people of
the ishind were starving and in need of relief
He would be glad to have it disposed of with-

Lively Debate

Wits

out debate,
1 anto make?” he asked, After consulta-
tion with his colleagues, Mr. Richardson said
that he would like twenty minutes’ debate,

fy Cannon—All right, twenty minutes on a
side

Mr. Cannon the first speech, saying
with much impressiveness that under the
terms of the bill, and until other legislation
Was adopted, the sugar and Tobaceo trusts
would have to pay the full Dingley law tariff on
their importations of tobacco and sugar now in
Puerto Ricin warehouses, the money to go for
the benefit of the people of that island

made

“you've shed crocodile tears over their condi-
tion, Come up now and vote for this bill.” A
number of Democrats wanted to aek questions,
but Mr, Cannon declined to yield, Mr, Bailey
o! Texas followed, opposing the bill, He said
that, had he fairly understood the measure
when the request for unanimous consent was
made, he would have taken the responsibility
of objecting. “For,” he said, “I never will
agree toturnthe Treasury over to any one man,
te he the President or anybody else.’ He
Qxreed that ifthe people of Paurto Rico were
to be made the vietims of an unjust
equal tax, then there should be atonement in
the way of restitution, but it ought to be made
by Congresa and not by the President. He
would never consent to the return of that
money excopt byaregular appropriation bill
introduced in the regular way

Mr, Meftae of Arkansas sald the presentation
of the bill was a plain confession by the major-
ity thatthev had committed @ violent outrage
upon the rights of the people of Puerto Rico in
the bill passed on Wednesday

Mr. Bell of Colorado thought that a parallel
tothe swiftly changing seenesin this House
Could not be found anywhere outside it,

Mr. Bailey asked Mr. Cannon if he would
ecnsent to amend the bill so a8 to limit the ap-
propriation to the money now in the Treasury
Qn specitying the objects to which the money
should be devoted, Mr, Cannon made no re-
py

Mr Grosvenor, who at the beginning of the
proceed'ngs Was upaware that a message from
the President was being read, sald that it waa
agreat gratiticution to hina and to the country
as well, no doubt, thatthe agony and depres-
tion which yesterdays seemed to reston Puerto
Rico now rested on the Democratic side of the
hall, ‘Langhter He could not understand
why curing the debate on the Tariff bill, the
Demoersts were just absolutely trank and

genial when they so grievously lamented the |
eocdition of the Puerto Ricans, He thought
they were more conecerne | regarding a political
question to be injeeted into the ap- !
proaching campaign Not willing that the
Puerto Ricans should trust the dominant
pity for the necessary legislation, the ery

was raised thar Congress’ was using the tax-
ine power totuke money ont of their pockets

and put it into the treasury of the United
States, The principle of the pending bill was
the same as that in the bill appropriating

$50,000,000 for the national defence to be ex-
pended by the President, $3,000 000 of whieh
went to the starving people of Cuba: the same
nas that wheh authorized the expenditure of
the $700,000 that bad already been given tothe
Jur rto Rieans, and that o. the bills appropriat-
{ug money forthe reliefof the Mississtppt River

flood sufferers, Tho message and he desired
to omphazise that) point} cordially endorsed
the position of the Republican majority on the

  

hil! lately before the House, u ted from the
Bhoulders the load sought to be placed there by
those who feared the President would repudi-
fate theiraction

Mr. Fitagerald of Massachusetts Why didn't
you follow the President's recommendation?

Mr. Grosvenor We have got pow where for
ten days you have been saving you wanted us
to be-in aceord with the President. Let's
have avote, Weare unxions to agree with him.
How is it with you? Luughter and applause

Mr Batley — Will the gentleman offer an
fieudment as Lhave suggested? Ifso, and it
is adopted, Twill voce for the Lill

Mr. Grosvenor- Oh, 1 cannot go against the
President. (Renewed laughter

Mr. Maddox of Georgia said that instead of
supporting the Presidentthe Republicans were

 

 

trying to reinstate themselves in the good
opinion of the eountry. It was about the
Cheapest bit of political work he had ever
koown., The party was out ina blizzard and
the President had come to its rescue,

Wien Mr. Sulzer of New York arose he was
greeted with ironical applause by the Republi-
, who also cheered his first sentence,
“The President ia a good politician,”

At this point, there being still ten minutes to
the creditofthe Republicans and four and a
hal! minutes to the Democrats, Mr. Richardson

 

*

Stormswept and starving,” said Mr. Cannon, |

|

 

 

NEW

tried to secure either five minutes of the Re.
ublicans’ time or an extension of debate for
alfan hour, but he was unsuccessful, Seeing
this, he closed the debate forthe minority ina
short speech almost vicious intone [hn all his
experience, he said, he had never known such
an unfair advantage to be taken by any party
in power as on this occasion They came into
the House with a bill prepared in secret after a
night's consideration with the Chief Executive
in order to preelpitate this debate, hoping to
potala a temporary and cheap-Johu advan-
age,
,,. It is unworthy of a great party,” he shouted,
‘A party that has been charged with the re-
Sponaibility of powerand of government.” The
Gentleman from Ilinols did not usually bring
a bill appropriating two millions and more into
the House with no more notice than now, He
had been over to see the President, and the
latter had sent in the message of to-day in un
effort to extricate himself and his party trom
the political grave into which they had been
lunged by the passage of the Puerto Rico
arif? bill The gentleman from Ilinois,” he
said, “came in here hoping that somebody
would object to the consideration of the bill,
and be knows Iam telling the truth, and thus
enable that side to geteven for the loss it has
sustained in the past ten days,”

The country was watching the proceedings,
andthe American people could not be fooled,
The gentlemen of the majority had seen to-
day what the press of the country was saying
about thetr effort to inaugurate a new poliey,
“You hope,” said Mr. Richardson, concluding,
“that this will relieve you But you are mis-
taken. You can't fool the people, and when the
ides of November come @ hurr.cane, beside
which that of last summerin Puerto Rieo will
he as darkness to daylight, will sweep you from
power forever.” Loud applause, |

Mr. Cannon concluded the debate, “The
gentleman now,” said he. “charges the Reput-
licana with having taken a ‘shameful advan-
tage’ in order to relieve themselves, [will not
pandy words with the gentioman, but ask him
and his associates to vote for the bill which
will relieve the Puerto Ricans, That's the
main thing.”

Heferring tothe amendmentthat Mr, Pailey
wanted to have inserted, Mr. Cannon said Mr
Bailey belonged to a schoo! which did not be-
lieve that anything could ba done without an
express provision for every step of the way,
“Thauk Giod,” said he, “there bas never been a
President of the United States, ia not now, and
I believe never will be who will not faishfuuy
execute the lawain the spirit of our civiliza-
tion and in accordance with the purpose and
intention of Congress.” He said he was not
very inuch concerned about the political effect
of the bill,

Before reaching a vote on the passage of the

bill roll calls were bad on ordering the pre-
vious question —carried, 148 to Tit and on a
motion by Mr. Bailey tocommit the bill with

instructions to report {t amended
the appropriation to the amount now in. the
Treasury and specifying the objeets for which
the President might expend it-defeated, 125
to 152. The bill was passed by a vote of 12 to
107. The following members of the minority
voted for it: Demoerats—Coehran of Missouri,
Cummings of New York, Davey of Louisiana,
Devries of California, Fitzgerald of Massa-

 

YORK. SATURDAY. MARCH 3, 1900.—COPYRIGHT.

SPEAKS,

CONSTRAINED, SHE SAYS, 10° DF.
FEND HER OWN GOOD NAME,

MOLINEUX’S WIFE

She Indignantly Kesents Insinuations About

Herself Made
Deseribes Her Life as a Girl and
Reside,

Dortng Her Husband's
Trial
Since She Came to New York to

Mrs, Blanche C. Molineux, wife of Roland B,
Molineux, sent the following statement to THE
SUN yesterday

“The infamous insinuations contained in a
recent article, written, [regret to say, by a
woman, coneerning me, and published in a
sensational newspaper, require an answer, al-
though itis most painful for metomake any
public statement under the existing clreum-
stances

“Tmay say in the beginning that I know that
my husband, Roland B. Molineux, is wholly ine
nocent of the frightful crime with which he is
charged, Tkuowthis, not only from the fact
that no evidence save that of paid experts and
venal witnesses of the lowest character has

' been brought against him, but also and chtefly

)asthatimputed to iim
| to

by limiting |

chusetta, Livingston of Georgia, Meekison of
Ohio, Sibley of Pennsylvania, Phayer of Massa. |
chusetts and Wilson of South Carolina; Powu-

lists— Bell of Colorado and Ridgeley of Kansas ;
Rilverites—Shafroth of Colorado and Wilson of
Idaho

Mr. Underwood of Alabama, the Democratic
whip, just before the vote was anounced
changed his votu to aye for the purpose of mov-
ing the reconsideration But Mr Cannon was
betore him with the double motion to reconsider
and to lay that motion onthe table On that Mr
Underwood demanded and secured a_yote by
yeas and nays and it was agreed to—145 to 110,
settling the matter as far as the House was
concerned,

BRAVE MISSIONAKY

Miss Beulah Logan Interferes in a Fight
Between Two Isiand Chiefs,

Bostox, March 2.—A despatch receive] here
to-day from Vancouver, LB. C.. savs that Miss
Beulah Logan, 23 years old, daughter of the
late Rev. Robert W. Logan, the first missfonary
to the South Sea Islands sent out from here by
the Congregational Board of the United States,
has won for herself, aecording to advices from

GIRL,

 

 

 

| Bydtney, the title of “Heroine of the Caroline

sald the |

“What proposition has the gen- |

and uns |

|

 

Group.” This was due not only to her fear-
lessness in facing famine and tropteal diseases,
but to her personal interference in a flaht be-

tween two chiefs, in whieh she sustained an
accidental and severe injury The young
woman is nowon her wey home

Miss Logan went from this country in Isi7

to be with her motheron the Ruk Lagoon, one

 

of the Central Corolines, A year ago her
mother was obliged to return to the United
States on account of a <ariousphysiea! maiady,
from Which she bas since died. Miss Logan,
being the ony American who had fnjl eom-
mand of the native giuige, the other mis.

stonaries having but recently arrived at that
time, decided to remain, although the feeble.
nessof her mother rendered it desirable that
she should return with her Miss  Lo-
Zan owas aboard the missionary schooner
* W. Logan, named after her tather,
when it was wrecked in the Mortloek Isjands
{n November, ISO, but shea managed to escape
with what were at that time deemed but slight
injuries and bravely eared for herseli aud the
girls whom she was collecting forthe training
school, She was subsequently prostrated by
an illness which seems to have resulted from
that snipwreek, and the jatest rapor
American Board of Com missioners for Poreign
Missions indicated that she was so serousiy
invatided that her immediate return to the
United States was necessary,

 

 

 

REFORMERS IN A FIST FIGHT,

Delegation From Norfolk to the Virginia
Legislature Have « Lively Time,

 

 

RreuMonp, Va, March 2. ~The Committee on
Privileges and of the House
Representatives had a lively session this morn-
ing, during which fistievffs were indul@ed in,
pistols were drawn, and there was a weneral
and vigorous fight in the committee room it

Llections

the Capitol, The trouble arose over charges
mate before the committee by 8. So Lambeth
of Norfolk, belonging to the Reform party of

that city, against John Whitehead, Inembder of

the House from Norfolk, in connection with the
ac tons of the latter while Judge of Blection In
Norfolk

 

 

Whitehead characterized a statement of
Lambeth us alie, and then the trouble began
Pistols were draw) but were not discharged
When the row was over if was. found that
Whitehead and Lyons, both of Norfolk, had
been sluchtly ent on their hends Priends
intervened and peace was reestabished,

Norroik, Va., Mareh 2.—Norfolk municipal

overnment reformers opposed tothe present
Jemoerntic city administration went to lieh-
mond to lobby in the interest of & bew regis
tration bill. The delegation called on Norfolk
Representatives Whitehead and Lyons, re-
proaching them ‘ortheir apparent neglect to
push the registration measure. A fight in the
committee room ensued, and several were
roughly handled

PUL His’ TOMBSTONE IN STORAGE,
War Veteran Charles H, Thompson Antici-
pated His Death by Twelve Years,

About twelve years ago Charles II, Thomp-
son, an inmate of Sailors’ Snag Harbor, ealled
at the stone yard of Karl Feist, at Tompk ns-
1, and ordered a han!some granite
tombstone. He had carved upon the polished
sidv ofthe shaft the inscription, “Charles Hl
Thompson, a citizen of the United States,”
When the work was complete! Thompson
called at the stone yard, paid for his monu-
ment, accepted a receipt and went away after
asking Mr. Feiat to atore the stone until it was
needed

On Febraary 24 last, Thompson died and
was buried in the cemetery attached to the
Harbor. Yesterday morning &@ friend called ar
the oftice of Mr, Feist, who had forgotten all
about the incident and asked for the monu-
ment, whieh had been atored away fn ae ord.
ance with Thompson's request. dle said that
Thompson was dead, and exhibitet a receipe:
forthe monument, A visit Was made to the
storeroom and the monument was four |
Next week it will be erected over the gray
The deceased man, who was 480 vears old, was
a veteran of the Rebellion.

ville, 8

Strikers Blow Up a Locomotive.

Cnattanooaa, Tenn., March 2.—This morn-
ing at mines of tna Coal Company, near
Whiteside, Tenn., a locomotive was blown up
with dynamite, The miners ai this place have
been on astrike for about three months, and
it is believed that they destroyed the engine.
The operators telegraphed for bleodhounds
which wero sant tothe scene from this eity, but
at a late hour to-night the perpetrators had not
been apprehended. The explosion awakened
per.ons three miles from the seene
miners are out of money and supplies and are
getting desperate.

 

 

Fast Sleeper to Buffaly,

Leaves New “ork except Sunday, Lackawanna
Railroad 9:15 P. M.; arrives Buffalo 5.204, M.—Adw

The.

from my knowledge of his own character, I
know him to be brave, strong and true=ths
last ian to commit acrime of cunning, malice
and cowardice, He might strike tin anger and
in hot blood, but the stea'th and premeditation
of a poisoner are foreign to hia nature.

“And moreover [was with him in the month
of Devember, Isis. We had been mariied at
thattime only afew weeks. IL know that my
husband was happy and that there was no
room in his heart for such a diabolical design
But Tam not writing
my husband's innocence, for I
know that my words ean have no weight in the
devision of hia case, | am firmly convineed
that his convietion was unjust and that it) will
not be sustained by the higher courts. I know
that in the end the Jaw will give bim justice

“My own character is Villainously assalled in
the publication to which [ have referred. For
the sake of my husband, and for the sake of nis
father and mother, who are my own parents in
affection, and who have supported and com-
torted me with their and Jove during
these terribie months, as well as for my own
suke, P must denounce these wicked lies, It
surpasses my uuderstanding that any woman
relly and falsely vilify without a

foundation a sister woman on

hund of affliction has already
heavily. I am told that this

maintain

can so er
shadow of
whom the
fallen so

| writer endeavored to obtain an interview with
' me for publication some months ago, and that

she then promised to write a most kind and
even flattering article if I would give such an
interview. Following the advice of my friends
and of my husband's counsel I refused this re-
questas L had refused all others and itap-
pears that my refusal led to this fearful attack
upon me, Leannot believe that the great and
generous American people will believe such
baseless calumnies, but none the less | cannot
be silent lounger under them,

“The article to which I referis so filled with
these falsehoods that it is diffleult to answer
them all with particularity without quoting
a) most all the words ofthe writer, But [shall
erdeavorto answer them as briefly andat the
same time in as much detail 48 possible

“Ip the first place my life has not, prior to
this terrible tragedy of my husband's persecu-
tion, been different from the ordinary life ofa
self-respecting woman, My father was not a
carpenter, but an inventor; and when! came
to New York with him and my mother he was
in comfortable circumstances, although he
inet reverses in his latter So that I did
not come up to New York toe@vrn my living by

singing in a church choir, us is stated in the
newspaper publ cation to whieh have re-
{ I was educated largely ii the South,

ferred.
in the eityot Knoxville, Tent and received

years

   

 

the usual education of a girl, and in addition
I received special instruction in music for
whieh | had and have a great love. I lived

withiny father and mother, like other girls,
until their death: and since T have lost them, I
have lived for the most part. with mv married
sisters. When not actually living with them, I
have always been visited by them and have

) visited them

t to the |

) sinuation

“It is stated also that T lived luxuriously
with anister, who was 4 widow, in gorgeous
apartments in upper New York; and the vile
insinuation is made that no one inquired too
closely as to our means of livetlhood, Tean
ec oneeive of no foundation for such an atrocious

 

ealumny, Lhave no widowed sister nor have |
Tever lived Juxuriousiy in gorgeous apart.
ments. Llive shortly before my marriage,

 

atthe game boarding house with one of my
married sisters, her husband and ehildren,
Among our fellow boarders were only niost re-
spectabie families, including a minister of the
gospel and his wife, Ido not mention their
noatnes because | donot wish to drag them into
notoriety, but Ptestitied fully as to these facts
before the Coroner, and they were all known
to the Distriet Attorney and to all persons hav-
ingany knowlege obmy life

“L also testified at great length concerning
the vachting tripabout which the writer of the
arti has much to say in the way of vile ine
and innuendo Her statement on

 

 

| this point, as on others, 16 @ tissue of lies, and

|} false

Seeleiteetiel neice m—ceneeersennn neste

been Known by her to have been
she wrote it. In the summer ot
or, Mrs. Waldo Stearns of Boston
invited bya friend of ours to

must have

when
Is07 my sis
and royself were

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

     

 

 

  

oina yachting party fora few days. My sister |
Wasuctingasmy chaperone and there was no
reason Why T should have deciined the invita.
tion if T wished to ge Wa tinally decided to
accent it,and dunng our eruise we putin at
Portland, Me, In the same harbor was an-
other yacht on which Mr. Molineux was a guest,
His party knew our host and called on our
yaoht, ant onr party returned the call. In this
wav I first met my husband

“My sister and Liwere counpelled to return to
New York from Portland, and as Mr, Moline
eus'’s vacation was over, and lie was forced to
ro back tohis business, he aecompanied ua to
New York, anid ere, of course, very glade
his escort, Mr. Paruet was not either vacht
andatthattime Phad never met him, Beilse-
quently he was intro laced tome, and [ knew
him always as Rolwnd’s friend

“Tn the fall of 1807 the gentleman who joine |
the yachting party when Mr. ineunx left
died rather suddenly, and T presume it is to

him thatthe writer refers in her ghastly insin:
vation that lL was conne ted with his death
shall not mention his name, and shall only say
that he joined the yacht at Portland on the day
Mr. Molineux returned to New. York, and
never saw himexeent fora few bourson that
day, and these trightful insinuations are as
Daseless and as Wanton lies as other statements
inthe same publication

“The writer also says that I was a friend o
Mr, Cornish, This also absolute y untrue,
Tnever knew himand never saw him until T
saw himin eourt

“The indirect charge. at the elose of this vile

‘

 

   
 

libel, that Lo owas concerned in the alleged
pojsoning of Mrs. Adams is so incredibly eruel
and base that Dean tind ne words toeh er-
ize it, Cnderthe present eircumetances T do
not wish to take any action to resent such
fearfu jibes, bat ifthey are continued [ sbal!
be foreed to take some stens to protect mvaelf,

for the sake of my husband and our parents as
wells for my own. And now enough of this
denial of lies that have not even the pretence of
foundation. [tis suflcient to say that they are
baseless, wickedly and cruelly jalse; and that
T trust that no woman will ever again so assail
another woman in her hour of trouble,

“But ineonclusion let me say a few words
for my husband and myself. In making these
statements, f would beg the induigence of that
great publie which has followed the case of my
Hhuaband day by day forthe past year when

draw attention to myself. [doso, in my desire |

that that same great public should know how
grossly distorted, how flagrantly misrepresent.
ed, were certain phases of the ease in which I
was made prominen to figure. That my lips
have trembled many/times to utter the fruth
that ailence, in the faeo of an avalanche of
calumny, has been obnoxious to me, [need not
aver—I have maintained it solely by advice of
counsel, While the perseeution of my husband
was relentlessly carried on

‘Leannot remain longer silent. [appeal to
the women of this land—to the mothers, the
Wives, the daughters of this American nation
lask you to feel for ma, for one moment put
yourself in my. place, and ean you wonder

  

that | break the stience se long enforced
Upon me; that Pery aloud in my own behalt
@giinst the malicious, the cruel, the wanton

lies? Shalla man, because he ts vested with
the power of a publie oMee; because he ia the

 

Prosecuting official in’ @ charge brought
against the unfortunate husband of one
American woman, shall he, I say, be
Permitted to make that hapless wife

 

The New West 23d St. Station
and the «plendid cab service place the Pennaylvania
Railroad terminal facilities at the doors of mid and
Upper New York,—adv.

creme Waar SOE

the target for his merciless invective, his un-
founded and unproven accusations? Ie she to
be defamed and robbed of her fair name? is
her honor, her dlanity. her character to be
wantonly sullied ’ It fa not for me to dwell
upon the unprecedented attitude of a public
prosecutor who, to bolster up his case, attacks
the wife of the defendant, but wna it not irrele-

vant? Wasitnot inconsequent? Was it not
brutal? Besides, it was unfounded, it was
untrue,

“T have remained dumb, with closed lips,
while my name was being constantly assoel-
ated and connected with thatof my husband's
friend Henry Karnet, The absurd rumors e+
veloped into infamous lies, and 1 know now
at too late n date, that credence was given to
statements that had nota seiutdla of truth for
thelr foundation, Every scrap of so-cnled evl-
dence, introduced at the late trial, avert innu-
endo, every tnsinuation uttered by the District
Attorney wherein he sought to connect my
name with Mr, Barnet's and to show the exist-
eace of something more than an ordi-
nory friendehip, originated in his own
very convenient and easticimagination, He
offered no proof as to the veracity of
his uttorances regarding this phage of his case
for one very simple rerson--they did not ex at:
andthe who'e accusation brought against me
regarding Mr. Barnet was one huge fabrica-
tion, grossiv and atroctously false. Why was
somueh that was virulent, so much that was
slander introduced? Couldithe possible that
this same public prosecutor resorted to the
introduction of auch baseless, such utterly
faixe and unsupported testimony us that
given by patd negro. witnesses merely to
Preyudiee othe minds of the jury nd
tostrengthen his lamentably weak case? Did
he tall to bring other witnesses to support tie
wid testimony of negro serving maids! ecun a
we knew. such testimony eoull not be sup.
ported? Task you, the mothers, wives and
daughters of our fair land, was itjust? Cruel y
false, without foundation, as these assanits
were, why should such a peroration of invee-
tive have been hurled at a defeneeless woman
Whose only connection with the ease was on
being the wife of the defendant?

“Tn respect toit all, wherein To have borne
the absolutely unjust. fet and unwarrantable
reproach tomyse’, my wananhool, my dig.
nity, my honor, T have suffered unsreakah!

| butehat suffering bus been as naught come
pared to the anguish whieh has tihed, and
stilleont nuesto fillmy heart, because of the

atrocious inmustice, the resultof eowarlly per-

secution, Which one uian, brave, calm, cour.

ageous, is enduring to-day -thatinan my noble

| husband. in whom faith, noy trust, my con-
fldence, is absolute

“Biancne €

117 Fort Greeve 1

 

 

Monineux.”
"y

. brookivo, Mareh 2

IN A TRANCHE iWO VEARS,

 

Miss Elida Wilbar Pound Unconsctous After
a Quarrel With Her Betrothed,

San Francisco, March 2 —Miss Blida Wilbur
has lain in @ tranee for two years and is now
just recovering her faculties, The first words
| she has spoken in that time were uttered this
week when she said: “Nobody loves me now.”
These words she repeated several times

Miss Wilbur, two years and one monthago,
betrothed to James Dunphy, a wealthy
young man of this eity, He had reen
divorced and his people, who are Koman
Catholics, objected to his marriage to Miss
Wilbur until a dispensation could be obtained
from the Vatican. This obstacle cause 1a post-
ponemest of the wedding. On the evening of
Feb, 16, 1808, Mr. Dunphy called on Miss Wil-
bur and they had a quarre! of some sort,
trivial, itis believed. The next morning Miss
Wilbur was found uneonscious on a lounge in
her bedroom. The gas was flowing from ono
of the jets and the room was full of it. She
waa fully attired, she was reclining in a natura!
posture. Her right arm hung limply and on the
floor beside her was 4 book which evidently she
had been reading. As the window was open
itis believed ‘hat the wind blewthe gas out
while she was dozing.

Every effort was made to revive her without
avail. Hor heart and lungs finally began to
work normally, but her brain remaiood in-
active. She opened and shut her eyes, but
made no other sign of life. Her body was in-
sensible to pain. She seemed {n a cataleptic
tlt. Reeently she was taken across the bay and
the change did her good. Then a few days ago
| shespoke. Her physicians are watching thei
patient closely, but they can yet give no opinion
as to her ultimate recovery,

was

 

JIEUI, JAMES M'LEER HURT,

Fell on Him at of

in Brooklyn Le

hiorse the Circus
Troop © t Night.
Lieut. James MeLeer, the son of Brig.-Gen
MeLeer of Brooklyn, was knocked senseless last
ni«ht at the circus Troop C in its North
Cortlandt street armory. Lieut. MeLeer was
competing with other members of the troop in
reaching to the ground from the saddle
while his horse was running at ful! speed,
Just as he had tonehed a flag on the
tan bark with his fingers his
stumbled and fell. Young MeLeer
under the horse amid much excitement, which
increased when it was found that Lieut.
MeLeer was unconseious, Gen, MeLeer, who
was among the spectators, ran to his son's ald
The young man was carvied to the reception
room of the armory and was attended by Dr
Cameron, a member of the troop. In ten min-
utes, Capt. Charles I, Debavoise, who acted as

  

of

ringmaster, announce! that Lieut. MceLeer
had reeovered consejousness, and was not
seriously burt The show went on, Lieut

MeLeer'’s leg was broken bya fall from a horse
during adriliofthe troop while it was in the
United States Volunteer Army,

COPS WERE TOO MUCH FOR HIM,

Not the Boer Kind —Downfall of a Citizen
Suffering From War and Other Things,
His hat was on the back of his head and his

left trousers Jeg was pulled up around

knee. He waved bis cane in the air and shook

his fist at the men in frontofthe Hoffman

House who were weching the crowilsa go by
last night ant announced in Joyous tones,
“Tr ] never surre: Then he marched up

 

and down thecurbstone and inquired of every
cab lecarvripman woether hissamewas Buller
When they ignored hom he apoested to the
erowd to know whether the brotherof Gen,
} Cronje did not deserve better treatment from a
| cowardly and treacher

“Uli never surrender!” he howled “My kone
| ja my enstla! O'er yon veldt! and he waved
|
|

 

 

his arms toward Madison Square Pack, “My
ane estors have trekked untilat last they have
to join them.”
the hotel

renened the laager ant now Igo
He pointed to the balcony over

door and shouted: “Tn you kop will T resist to
the last. Tothe kop-tothe kon!

| Out of the eneivcling crowd poked a long

| night stick followed by one Eagan of the po-
le

) * Isttacop. ye want?” asked Ragan ‘Ye'll

have plinty befoor ye're troo,”’

Other naht sticka folowed by other poliee-
men fell upon Gen. Cronje's selt-stvied brother,
andthough be fought to the last. he suffered
severely. Wicenthey were through with him
| they piled him into a pater wagon, whieh he
| feebly insisted was an ambulance, and took
| him to the West Thirtieth street police station,
There he was foolish enough to give his real
name and address and said that he wasa pub-
lic accountant,

Gov. Ludington's Widow Sues,
Cuicaco, Mareh 2.—Mrs. Emiline M. Luding-
ton, 7{) years old, has filed suit in United
| States Circuit Court against James FE. Patton,

| Wis,. He is charged with having defrauded
Mrs. Ludington out of a large share ofthe estate
left her by her hnahand, Harrison Ludington,
who died June 17, D801. Mr, Ludington, who
was formerly Governor of Wisconsin, is said to
have left an estate valued at more than $1,500,-
O00 of which the widow says she received
only asmali part. She asks for $200,000 dam-
Ages.

 

Won't Prosecute A. H, Gildersleeve.

Cutcaco, March 2,—Capt, Colleran sent word
to the Chief of Police of New Orleans that the
Chicago victims of A. H. Gildersleeve. who
gained notoriety in this city several weeks ago
by mingling with South Side society people,
and, according to ther charges, stealing their
diamonds, did not wish to proseeute him.
Ciliersieeve was arrested in New Orleans by
Detective Sergeant Hartford of the Chicage
detective headquarters. (ildersieeve came
originally from New York. He is said to bea
nephew of Justice Gildersieeve of New York.

F

For Cape Nome and the Klondike

uichest time and the best service ie via the
‘ork Central. Consult our ticket agents.—ddy

 

ee ony

a a aaa nee

1900. BY THE SUN PRIN

a eee = .

  

STRONG TALK FROM COLER.

THE THIRD AVENUE RAILROAD COM-
PARED WITH THE MUNICIPALITY.

He Says ‘Some of the Moat Daring Raids
the City Treasury Have Been Pre-
Which Make Efforts
Seem Like Those of an Amateur.’’

The Broadway Merchants’ Association of
Williamsburg heard some plain talk about elty
affairs last nicht in Arion Hall from Comptrol-
ler Coler, Bridge Commissioner John L, Shea
an! Register James R. Howe of Brooklyn,
Thomas P. Peters presided. Comptroller Coler
Bald:

“We have recentiy witnessed in New York
the wrecking of a street surface railroad pos-
sessing one of the most valuable franchises tn
the world, A year ago ifany one had predicted

 

pared Tweed's

that this company would be toeday in the
hands of a receiver his prediction would have
been dismissed with laughter, If To were
to predict to-night that the influences whieh

are at present working to che disadvantage of
the eityof New York -if allowed to eontinue
unchecked—will some day bring about a erisis
which will involve a radical reorganization of
the flaances of our city that prediction also

fwould probably be deemed extravagant
Nevertheless, the causes which lead to the
fineneial embarrase nent of municipal cor

porations are precisely the same as those which
lend to the bankruptey of business corpora
tions, an | these eruses are to be seen in
tive operation to-day, beth In the city govern.
ment and at Albany

“The bills to protect the eity from the Ramapo
raid eannot apparently be moved) from the
Legis'ative Committee in whose keeping they
now repose, The bill sent tothe Legislature

1.

' to prevent the city from paying more than the

horse |

fell |

his |

her son-in-law, a wealthy citizen of Milwaukee, |

| papersanda bank book

for its
y hypnotized,

is apparently
hand,

supplies
On the other

market
ho;

price

ee
es

city treasury move along toward final passage
with electric rapidity

“A State Commission, in no wav responsible
tothe citizens, voters and taxpayers, is con-
templated, with power to spen | $40,000,000 of
the city money for bridges, regardless of the
city’s ability to raise one-half that aum = with-
out exceeding the constilr limit of in-
debtedness, and regardless of the necessity for
undertaking other more public
improvements, The remedy for the state of
affairs is precisely the same as it would be in
the case of a private corporation—the stock-
holdera muat be aroused Every
and merchant is a stockholder in our city,
and If these stockholders do not rise and
protest {n some more forcib'e inanner than by
mere half-whispered grumblings,the looting
will goon and in the end they will have to be
heavily assessed on their stock. For eftizen-
ship isnot onlya privilege but a responsi bil-
ity from which there isnoeseape, Unless you
move from New York you cannot sell or dis-
pose of your stock. For hetter or for worse
you remain stockholders forever, and when
the assessments come you will have to pay
them. For the sake of self-interest then, to
say nothing of the higher and nobler call of
duty, it behooves every merchant and taxpayer
to make his voice and influence felt in stem-
ming the tide of rapacity which now threatens
the welfare of our city.

“It was once sald of William M. Tweed that
he was a fool because he did not commit his
robberies ina legal manner, Hehad the Leg-
is!ature entirely under his control and he could
pass what laws he liked. Someofour modern
statesmen seem to be profiting by his examp'e
for under the shield of legislation some of the
most daring raids on the eitv treasury have
been prepared which make Tweed’s efforts
seem like those of an amateur.”

“Our Municipal Assembly,” said Mv, Shea, “is
astrange body. They always fear either an
increased taxation of our eltizens by public
improvements, and delay them, or a corre-
sponding decrease in taxation, ji itis a private
improvement to be paid for by the private citi-
zen himself for publie benefit; these are ve.
layed in the same way as our Long

Island tunnel on the one hand and on
the other the Vernon Avenue Bridge, I

earnestiy hope, however, as time goes on
they may see their error, and enable us

to have waterwavs inthis borough promptly
connected by structures
able as the noble, symmetrical and
structures that now cross the Harlem River
between Manhattan and The Bronx. We
heve diflcnity in making this apparent to
members of the Board of Aldermen and the
Council. I will not criticize them, however,”

al
onal

pressing

 

 

THE BRITISH FLAG TORN DOWN,

G.AND PUBLISIING ASSOCIATION.

 

ROMER LR ie ge iv Agee LN
Fair; diminishing west winds,
a ————e

PRICE TWO CENTS.

re ee ED

SIEGE OF MAFEKING RAISED? BULLER FINDS NO BOERS,

A Statement to That Effect Ascribed by
Berlin Papers to Dr. Leyds,

 

Special Cable hespatch to Tue Sus,

Berwin, March 2.—Newspapers here aseriba

to Dr, Leys, the diplomatic representative of
the Transvaal, astatement that the siege of
Mafeking has been raised,

THE POPE'S NINETIVFTH BIRTHDAY,
Again He Expresses His Desire for the Re-
turn of Peace in South Africa,

Special Cable Desp itch to Tue BUN,

Rome, March 2.—-In reply to the felicitations
of the Cardinals on the ninetieth anniversary
of his birth to-day, the Pope expresaed the hope
ti at peace woud soon be established between
the Bours and the British,

SHOT EtcnH

OTHER DEAD,
Angry Father and a School Principal Have
a Duel on the Street,

INDIANAPOLIS, March 2.-The town of Brew-
ersville, Decatur connty, was the sceno of a

‘ dueltothe death early this morning between

W.A Faller, a well-known citizen, and Dro’, |

James Powers, prince paloftha publie sehools,

| inwhich nfie sho s were fired by the men, who

stood within ten feat of each other, Fuller's
sonisapupilin the public sehools and yester-
day be was correctet by the principal for the
violation of one of the rules of the seavool, The
lad told his father of his trouble with the
tescher, and during the evening and night Mr.
Fuller made threats against Powers, declaring,
it 1s alleged, that he would kill him on sight
Powers armed himself in expectation of
trouble with the father and the latter evidently

' tried to intercept the teacher as he went from

his home to the sehooihouse this morning,
The two met at the turnofthe street and
both drew the’ r revolvers and began firing at

bills recognizing al sorts of claims against the ;) the same moment, advancing with each crack

of the revolvers. Nine shots wore fired and
Loth p.stols were emptied except one chamber
in Fuller's whieh failed to explode. When citi-
Zens rea d the scene Powers was found to
have received two wounds and Fuller three
Both died soon after

 

HIS DEATH V'U7Z FS DOCTORS,
Hotel Keeper Akins Succumbs to the Scrateh
of a Rusty Nail.

Now Rocneirie, N. ¥., March 2—The death

| of Lawrence Akins, a hotel keeper of this city,

taxpayer |

equally as eredit- |
wseful |

Riot of French Students in Montreal Caused |

by the Relief of Ladysmith.

Montreal, March 2.~-Thore another
students’ riot in Montreal to-night and at one
time it looked as if there would be
trouble. The students of Laval University,
the leading French-Canadian educational in
stitution, and the French population generally
were greatly ineenset at the mobbing of the
Laval building lust night by the MeGill stu-
dents because the Pritish flag was not hoisted
in honorof the relie'ot Ladysmith. To-day a
counter demonstration was organized by the
Laval students, who paraded the streets to-
night

The students were reénforeed by nearly five
thousand sympathizers, Carrying the French
flay the students marched down to st. James
street and made a hostee demoustration in
frontol (he office of the Siar, the leading Ene.
lish newspaper, The union saek, whieh was
flying fromthe Star bn lding, was torn down
and trampled un

ler foot. The French stucents
sang the “Marseillaise’ and cheered them-
se ves hoarse

was

serious

 

 

this morning is puzzling the doctors. He was
we!| rday unti] he seratched his left
thumb on a rusty all. Soon afterward his arm
began swelling and Dr. George A. Lyons and
Dr. E. W. Codding were summoned. They
suggested amputation, but Akins was unwill-
ing to sntbmitto it. He died three hours later.
He was 38 years old. Dr. Lyons said that the
case was the strangest he had ever seen,
Coroner Banning of Mount Vernon ordered an
Autopsy,

yeate

JUDGMENT AGAINST

Yarmouth Hasn't Paid a Claim for 8942
for Money Loaned Him.
Judgment for $/42 was entered yesterday
Against (ieorge Francis Alexander Seymour,
otherwise known asthe Earl of Yarmouth, in
favor of Charles H. Johnson on an assigned
claim for money loaned on Sept. 11, Lsvv. The

judgment was obtained in the City Court.

The Rarl, who has Become an actor under
the stave name of Eric Hope, is now with the
Frohman company which is on the road play-
ing “Wheels Within Wheels.”

GATE

AN FARL,

THE CITY BR’ AKS IN TWO,

 

 

All Hands, Crew and Wreckers, Brought

Ashore by Trolley and in Surf Boats,

Fast Moni nes, L, 1. March 2.—The Savan-

nah Line steamship Gate City, which came
ashore off here on Feb, & broke in two this
morning. The task of unloading the cargo

was dificult. To expedite the work a sort of

froliey, was rigged up and many ba'es were
Ve qe
eer ike a big gun, the wreeckers and the
ship's crew got ashore, $0 “meg  ieane of the
freight trolley and others in tuo big life boats,
The rescue work lasted nearly an hour. Even
adog and two kittens were landed. The ship
js atotal loss She was not ured. Most of
her cargo, valued at about $250,000,was saved,

Save

 

  

HANDY SALOON 4#OR B!ItUECOATS,

Opened Next Door to the Tenderloin Sta-
tion Despite Clergymen's Protests.

The West Thirtieth street police station
saloon waa formally opened ‘ast night. The
saloon is next door tothe station, and for two
months or more the Rev, Richard Wilson, who

has a mission for negroes at 136 Weat Thirtieth
street, opposite the station, has done his
utmost to pravent the granting of a license for
it, The Rev, Dr. Houghton, of the Little

! Church Around tho Corner, has supported Mr,

| thor

Phe tearing down of the flag resulted in a,

free fight, in which revolver
and blows exehe ed. Several persons were
badly burt. The report sprea!l that the stu.
dents were on their way to attack MeGtl! Unie

     

versity and a big foree of polles were de-
spatched to the scene, The French students,
however, remained in the centre and eastern

district of the eity

The trouble bas caused a great dealof bad
feeling between the French and the English
elements of the population and serious trouble
{a fewred unless the autnorities que!l the dis-
turbance promoptiy

The Victoria Rifles were called ont by Col
White to protect the drill shed, where a dis-
turbance was threatened, and they are now on
guard

POLITE BOSTON THIEF,

Steals an Overcoat and sends the Pawn
Ticket for It to the Owner,

Boston, March 2- Joseph O. Burdette, who was

appearing a8 counsel in opposition to the ratifi- |

cation of the leaseof Boston and Albany Rail-
road to the New York Central before the Ral!-
road Committee at the State House yesterday,
had his new overcoat stolen, At the close of th
hearing Mr Burdette returned to his oflee
and founda package which had been left by a
messenger coy Who had been called to Young's
Hotel. In this package were a lot of private
Between the leaves

lof the bank book was a pawn ticket issued

 

from the shop where the coat had been pledged
tor B5.

Friends of the Boers Incorporated.

ALBANY, March 2.~The American Raad for
the Assistance of the South African Republica

shots were flrad |

| enuse they

Wilaon In his eontention that the mission was
a chureh putlding and was within the pros
scriled limits of the saloon. When the saloon
openes last night the tax certifleate bore the
nameof James Mahon, Over the door was the
sign of a brewing company in which "Al"

Adams is interested

SOUTH AFRICAN VOLUNTEER SUED,

Mrs, Thomas Wants a Divorce From Her
Husband Who Helped to Capture Cronje,

Sv. Lovrs, March 2.—Mrs. Annie Madeline
Thomas of Toronto, Canada, was an applicant
for a divorve in Judge Talty’s court to-day
The defendant, Wolferstan Thomas, belongs
in Montreal, Canada, and ia a member of the
Canadian regiment which took part in the
attack on Gen. Cronje'’slaager The applica
for a decree was made op charges of
drunkenness and non-supnort. Depositions of
Canadians and of two New York bankers were
real in support of the plaintiff's charges, Mrs,
Thomas has been in St. Louis sinee Nov. 15,
TS. Her brother and father are lawyers in
Toronto and her uncle is Chancellor of the
Queen's Bench,

CLASSES SUSPENDED,
Juniors and Sophomores of the Western
Universtiy Disciplined by the Facuity,
PrrrsperG, Pa., March 2.—The junior and
sophomore elasses of the Weatern University
of Pennsylvania were suspended to-day by the
faculty, The juniors were suspended because
they refused to pay $7.50 for a reeord hook
whieh they took from Prof Schmitz’s offlee the
other night destroying furniture at the same
time. The sophomores were suspended he-
passed resolutions symopathiziug
with the juniors. The latter are trying to In-
duce the freshmen and seniors to do the same.
Dean Carhart says the juniors will not be re.
instated until they have pald for the record
book

(OLLEGE

 

| Gov. Taylor Asked to Call for Money Help,

was incorporated with the Secretary of State |
to-day for the purpose of raising funds forthe |
relief of the widows and orphans of Boers killed |

in the war and for sPreading information about
the war and aiding and assisting the South
African republics tp all ways conaistent withthe
neutrality laws” The principal office is in New
York city and. the directors are George W. Van
biclen and William J. Fryer of Manhattan, P
Louter Wesaels of Bloemfontein, Orapge Free
Btate; Andrew Devine and Albert fi King of
Brooklyn, These men were directors |n 4 COT:
poration formed &few days ago with similar
objects,

 

—

 

Trains to Chicago, St. Louis and Cincinnati

via Peonasylvanie Railroad { sofety,
opeed aad comfort.—Ade, mel mote e

AA OURO carat, nee

A or cen ee em manRi tear Ratratpaaaae ee *

HawrsviLne, Ky., March 2.~A mammoth pe-

tition lefthere to-day from Republicans andoth |

era nsking Gov. Taylorto call on Kentucky Re-
publicans for $100,000 to pay bis expenses and

runthe government while the Democrats hive
the wheels blocked. Well informed men say that
anount should be raised in # week, Individual

tepublicans of this city sent Gov. Taylor $50 |

ust week merely as apersonal gift. The pe-
tition will be sent to every county in the
Htate and Is expected to contain at least 50,000
names,

 

$25,000 to the New Brunswick Seminary.

New Brunswick, N. J., March 2.—Announee-
ment was made to-day ofa gift of $2%,0000 to
the Reformed Dutch Theological Seminary of
thisolty from Ralph Voorhees of Clinton, \. J.,
an uncle of Gov, Foster M. Voorhees, Mr. Voor-
hees's donation is in answer to an appeal which
was made to the Reformed churches ani their
friends some time ago and which was neceassi-

tated by @ shrinkage of the investments of the
seminary.

 

Deerfoot Farm Sausages

Made of the tender meat of dairy-fed fat young
porkers, daintily seasoned with selected spices. Try

a two-
aa arene ot once. Bowers of imitations.

 

Just before the ship broke witha ree |

HIS FINAL VICTORY AT LADYSMITA
WON BY HARD FIGUTING,

Signs That
Longer

Mennt Realet
Women Fought tn the Trenches

No Trace of the Boers Remaining ta
the District--Details of the Rellef of the
Sufferings of the Besleged—Boers
Massing Apparently Near Roberts’ Force

the Boers to

Town

Spoctal Cable Desnatch to Tur SUN,

Loxpow, Mareh 3.—The follow ng despateh
from Gen, Buller has been received at the War
OMer

“LADYSMITH, Mareh 2, 6:30 TP. M.—The
defeat of the Doers is more complete
thin T dared to antic pate. Tie whole dige
triet is completely clear of them, and,
except at the top of Van Reenan’s Pasa,
where there are several wagons, IT ean
flidno trace of them. Their Jast train lef
Modder Spruit station at 1 o'clock yesterday,

Then they blewup the bridge. They packed

their wagons six days ago, moving them north

of Ladysmith, $0 wedid aot have a chance of

intercepting them, but they have left vast

| quantities of ammunition and al! sorts ot herbs
and grass in thetrcampand individual necase
sarios, They have removed all their guns but
two.”

The British headquarters in the Orange Free
State has been removed to Osfontein, afew
miles southeast of Paardebery. Gen, Roberts

| has issued a general ord r thanking the troops
for the exemplary courage and eodurance with
which they have borne the hardships of their
forced march. He said that their conduct was
worthy of soldiers of the Queen.

Meanwhile, supplies are arriving constantly,
The troops are resting, but apparently thelr
rest will not be long as the Boers are massing
in the neighborhood, some of them being only
four miles distant. It is estimated that
at present they do not number more
than 6,000, It is believed that they

|} are commanded by Botha, Delarey
and De Wet, and that they are

| awaiting retnforcemeuts from Natal, possibly
under Commaudant-General Joubert, Their
left rests on a high hill and their right on the
river, their lines extending about eight miles,
Gen, Roverts’s scouts have already ene
countered them, and in a slight skirmish to
the southeast Col, Rimington, commanding

| Rimington’'s scouts, had his horse shot under
him,

| It is reported in the British camp that @

mutiny was imminent among Commandant
| Cronje's troops before the surrender, It is
said that the Free State Boers were restrained
from yielding only by threats of violence made
by the Transvaal Boers.

Gen, Roberta returned to Osfontein last
| evening from Kimberley, where, with Gen,
| Kitchener, he was the guest of Cecil Khodes,

Replying to an address of welcome frum the

res{dents of Kimberley, Gen, Roberts said he

sympathized with the inhabitants in their auf-+
ferings. He paid tributes to the services of

Mr. Rhodes and Col, Kekewich, the commander

of the garrison, He further said that much

remained to be done before peace, prosperity
and liberty were reéstablished in South Africa,

That they would be reéetablished there was

not the slightest doubt. It might be in a short

time or it might be ina longtime, He added:
“There isone thing that will ever be meme

orable to me of my visit to Kimberley. Ase I

rode into the city a telegram was handed to me
announcing the relief of Ladysmith, the one

thing necessary to bring the success here

 

 

 

to a climax, Gen, White and his
brave garrison suffered terrible priva-
tions, and the death rate has been

quite marvellous. 1 confess that I felt almost

hopeless that Ladyamith could be relieved. All

appreciate the gallant stand Gen. White and
his brave troops made, and recognize the moe
meptus results which their relief by Geu,

Buller and his brave soldiers have produced.”

This despatch was reeeived to-day by the

War Office froin Gen. Roberts, who sent it £rem
, Osfontein

“IT have just returned froma hurried vistt
to Kimberley. I was much gratified by the
| enthusiasm of the Kimberley people in regard
to our sick and wounded, Al! the publis
buildings have been turned into hospitals, and
the men made most comfortable. I was struck
by the friend'y manner of the wounded Boers
and ourtroops. They chatted about their ex-
periences inthe campaign. It delighted me to
see our soldiers sharing their rations with the
Boer prisoners, before the latter commenced
| their march for the Modder River. Some of
the poor fellows were very hungry, having
been half-starved in their luager.”

Nobody here supposes that Gen, Roberte’s
day off and his visit to Kimberley, ine
volving a ride of more than a hundred
| miles, had merely the object of congrat-

ulating the inhabitanta and receiving
| hospitality, It is believed that his visit
| was really in connection with the operas
tions for tne relief of Mafeking, though {t cane
not be learned whether such an expedition hag
actually started.

The cable brings long narratives of the final

| gveneain Ladysmith before the arrival of the
relief column and ita entry into the town,

Some impartial details from the Boer
sile are needed to make the etory
complete, and especially to enable the

experts here to settle how far Gen. Buller’s
victory on Mayuba Day contributed to the relief
of the town and how farit was brought about
by the withdrawal of the enemy. All the core
reapondents at Ladysmith and with Gen. Buller
| agree that the engagement on Feb. 26 wase
| notable fight, the Boers resisting stubbornly,
| Boer prisoners say they never believed that
the British would again attack the intrenche
ments on the hilltops, from which the Irish
brigade had been repulsed.

A majority of the prisoners are Hollanders,
Very fewof them are genuine Boers. They
declared that they had not heard of Com-
mandant Cronje’a surrender, and they re*
fused to believe it. Their losses were
heavy. The British lyddite shells caused
fearful havoe, Some of the Boer wounded
were quite yellow from the effects of the
lyddite fumes The women remained in
the trenches with the men until within three
hours of the jritish «bayonet charge,
Two women were found, one dead andthe
other wounde!, The latter died subsequently,
She said that her husband would not let her go
heeause she was such a good shot. She was
only 1% years old,

Accepting the versions of the corresponds
ents it ls evident that a very strong force was
/ entrenched between Gen. Buller and Lady.
/smith when the fina! attack was delivered,
| Moreover, it was clearly expected that the

Boers would resist much longer than they did
) for the reason that they had not removed
nearly all their heavy material prior to Feb,
27. The Daily News correspondent, in a dee
| patch dated Ladysmith, Feb, 28, says:

 

 

| “Gen. Buller's brilliant Majuba Day
| victory, following Gen. Roberts's, seems
to have completely demoralized the
Loers, who are now in full retreat
iin all  direetions | have just seen
convoys of wagons, miles long,

trekking across the distant plain from Spion

| Kop Pass and Onderbroek Spruit to ane
| other range A convoy with guns is
moving toward Flandslaagte. The enemy

 

showed such haste | Gen, Buller’s cavalry
are probably hanging on their rear and
are only impeded by dificult roads, where the
Boer rear guards are evabied to make a stand
foratime. The many Boer horsemen who age

oe

 

ee

a <n cl