Se SS
=

 

 

 

THE SUN,

 
 

hurrying away, however, show every sign of
being beaten beyond the power of rallying,
“The investing line around here ts probably
80 weak now that it might easily be broken if
it were possible to muster enough men
and horses for a big march to In-
tercept the retreating enemy, The gun on
Bulwaan Hill fired a single shot at noon
toeday. Shortly afterward the gunners rigged
a tripod with the evident Intention of dis-
mantling the gun, Then the Jirttish naval
gune opened on them, firing rapidly and
with great accuraty, The tripod was
knocke| away and the attempt to save
the gun was thereby frustrated fora time, but
it will probably be renewed to-night. The
operations, however, show,that the enemy have
abandoned all hope of holding Bulwaan Hil!, and
with that gun out of action the greatest danger
to Ladysmith wi!! have gone.
be facilitated by a thunderstorm that is pre-

vailing., with heavy rain, which ts obscuring

the hill now.”

A later Ladysmith despatch says that the
country to the westward is dotted with bolting
Boers, the groups sometimes numbering 500.
A general flight is evident.

A despatch to the Standard from Lady-
amith, dated Wednesday, says: “The ad-
vance guard of the relief column, consisting of
a body of cavalry under Gen. Dundonald, en-
tered Ladysmith at 6 o'clock this evening
Our hopes of succor were sunk to the lowest
point yesterday, when we were left wholly
without news of the movements of Gen,
Buller and his guns could no longer be heard,
This morning, however, brought renewed
confidence as we watched the enemy
in full flight tothe northward, driving before
them long lines of cattle and wagons. Still we
did not dare believe that relief was immedi-
ately at hand, but of a sudden, while the
Boers wero straining every nerve to dismount
their Long Tom on Bulwaana Hi!!, two squad-
rons of the Imperial Light Horse and Natal
Carbineers were seen approaching at full gal-
lop across the plain from the south.

The news spread like wildfire
officers, soldiers and civilians
out to get to the horsemen, Even
the sick and wounded crawled out
of their tents to join in the cheer-
ing. The troopera came on with 4
looge rein. for the very horses seemed to know
the welcome that was awaiting them. Almost
before they reached the drift over the Klip
River they were met by the comrades whom
they had come to relieve. Amid cheers and
handshakings they made their way into the
camp, where ensued a scene of uncontrollable
ehthusiasm and excitement.

“But their work was not at anend. They
were sent in pursuit of the Boers. Our men
were too exhausted to join them, With
the idea of capturing the Boers’, Long
‘Yom our naval guns have been shelling ita
position throughout the night in order to pre-
vent its removal, and even if ithad been got
away, the recent heavy rains were certain to
impede the enemy's movements,

Everybody,
poured

BOEK WOUNDED NUMPERED 179.

 

Rudyard Kipling Cables to India That
Roberts Needs More Horses, ©

Special Cable Despatches to Tue Sty

Lonpos, March 2.—Paardeberg despatches
received here to-day say that the New
Routh Wales medical vorps and stretcher-
bearers accompanied the Canadians and Gor-
dons in the attack on Gen, Crovie’s laager.
Afterward they conveyed the wounded Cana-
dians to the New South Wales Hospital at Kim-
berlay. Lord Roberts visited the hospital and
expressed himselt as highly pleased with the
arrangements.

Obe hundred and seventy-nine wounded
Boats were found jn. the laager.

AM the correspondents, including Rudyard
Kipling, reiterate the necessity of sending
move. &érses to the British atonce. Kipling
eabladte the Allhabad: Pioneer urging India to
sendmete.mopnts, The Pioneer doubts that
thiagaa bedona. without {mpairing the effict-
ency ot the Indian army.

Obhar despatches from the saat of war say
that.it is beHéved that the Boers have deserted
Zululand. Looted property has been restored
ou.the border of the Umvoti eountry.

Cape Town, March 1,—The English here are
loud fn their praises of Gen, Buller for keeping
hiamhen attacking for twelve days after having
suffered three repulses. It is regarded asa
great triumph for him asa jeader. Refugees
from the Transvaal are elated over the surren-
dor of Cronje and the reliaf of Ladysmith. The
prigonere taken at Paardeberg include many
men Who were prominent inthe anti-English
party ia the Transvaal and were supposed to
be President Kri) ger’s closest advisers.

CONGRATULATIONS FROM THE QUEEN.

 

Mepsagrs to Gen, Buller, Gen. White anid
° the Garrison of Ladysmith.

. Special Cable Pespatcd to Tar. Sus.

Lowngn: March 2.—The Queen has sent a
cable despateh to Gen. Buller, saying:

“Thank God for the news you have tele-
graphed me. I congratulate you and all under
you With all my heart.”

She also sont the following despatch to
Ge, White, eommander of the Ladysmith
garrison!

‘Phat Cod that you and ail those with
you ure esafoaiter the long and crying siege,
whith was boride with such herotsm, I con-
grafalate you and alk upder you from the bot-
tomof my heart. Itrust you are all not very
mvgt exhausted.”

Gea.. White xeviied: “Your Majesty’s most
gracibus message has been received by me
with tha deepest gratitude and with enthusiasm
by the troops. Any hardsbips or privations
are a hundred times compensated by the sym-
pathy and appreciation of our Queen, and your
Majesty's message will do more to restore
both officers and men than anything else,”

NEWS FROM BRETORIA,
enmmenioaguil
An Address by President Kruger—Reports
From the #ighting Centres.
Special Cabb Darpates Pas Son
From TH Oya ® Correspondent at Pretoria,

Paetorsmy Mateh!,.vin Lorenzo Marques,
March 1, 99 M.—Uhe.nmniversary of Maynba
Hil) wae/ otaereed throughout the Temnsvaal
and Oratge Free Stcta nw a day of thanksgiv-
ing and pe@yer. Prosulent Kriiger addresard
@ vast congpegitiion at the Dopner Laptist
Church, \magg other things he said that dari
clouds were sth covering sie land, but faith
in the Almighty nad the justice of their cause
would carry the Pedural: farees to a successfu
ieatie of the struggle.

\ despateh from the Boer commander at
Liaivsmih says that there has been heavy
fighting againat the Tugela and in the vicinity
o Vieter's Hiih The Ladysmith garrison
made two desperate sorties yesterday (Feb,
Hoth were repulsed, Lieut, Best and

toe

twenty-three Fusiliers surrendered yesterday. |

The Lieutenant said that they were all who
were left o bis cogiment, which was decimated
in Jast Fridays battle, Lritish prisoners say
that their casualties in the vicinity of the
Tugela in the last
berthe Ladvautith garrison

A despateh f.om the Boor healjuarters at
Bloemfoutetn, dated to-day (Maich 1) says
“loa fight south of Rensburg it is reported
that 500 Port Fligabeth volunteers were com-
pletely routed. fTwo hundred were killed and
wounded and thirty were taken prisoners, in-
chiding one offer. Phe British cavalry and
artillery are agai, advancing in the direction
of Colesborg. The Orange River is running
high”

Under to-day's ate Gen, Snyman reporta as
follows from Molopo: “Col. Plumers flying
eolumn ‘ttampted .ast week to approach Mafo-
king from the northeast, but has again re-
turned to Gaherones, The Federal trenches are
now within 240 ward of the besicged town, in-
« de of which much fever Is reported.”

A despateh from Petrusburg dated last Tues-
day (Feb, 47) eays: “War balloons are in evt-

enw enemnctitenntilhes wapitvictana tine erdotemaaapmamees

St t Congh
works Sn the Cold,

nad

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one

@ay. NoCure, No Pay. Price 25¢,—Ade

aidetheen endickeetiai etd

Tts'removal may |

 

| tothei

two months exceed in num. |

dence in Cronje’s direction. A heavy bom-
bardment was heard to-day. Considerable
burger reénforcements are concentrating and
decisive figliting is hourly expected,”

The date on the deapatch from) Petrusbur
must be a mistake, as Cronje surrendered @
) daylight on tuestay morning. ‘T. A. D, Best
! isa Second Lieutenant in the Inniskilling Fu-
siliers. Keports from English correspondents
| ptated that In the fighting |aet Friday the Lnnis-
killings joat 14 out of 17 offlcera killed ant
wounded, and about 250 non-commissioned
oMeersand men It was the First and Second
battalions of this regiment which were en-
| maged in the fiuhting.
\
LADYSMITH SUFFERED MOCH.
| The Garrison's Privations—Its Relief Cost

Heavily in Casualties,
‘pecial Cable Despatches to Tae Sus
From Tue Suy’s Correspondent With Gen, Buller’s
Forces.

CoLenso Camp, Feb, 28, 1 P. M.—The assault
and eapture of Pleter's Hill yesterday by the
| South Lancashires was 4 magnificent achieves

ment. The fire of elghty-seven guns had been

| concentrated on the Boer trenches for an hour

without any apparent effect. About 100 pris-
oners were taken, On Tuesday the British
pushed forward their guns and troops and
made good tntrenchmgnts. Finding the ridge
above Woodthouse's Fa@m cecupied by the Boer
outposts, Thorneycroit’s mounted infantry took
to cover, Undera heavy fire, Lord Dundonald
pushed forward with the Second Brigade and

| the irregular cavalry and oecupled Pieter's
| station and the ridges nearby,

Lord Dundon-
ald saw @ great number of Boers trekking
down the opposite side of the hill and ordered
his Colts to open firaon them, The result was
that many Boer saddles were emptied, and the
burgers immediately galloped back

Before retiring from the position the Boers
buried one of their Maxim-Vickerts guns and
the British are now digging it up.

Press Censor Jones has been taken il! with
enteric fever, He will be sent to the hospital
at Pietermaritzburg

Lonpow, March 2.—The Times's vorrespond-
entat Ladysmith, telegraphing wnier yester-
day's date. says: “We could possibly have held
out for six weeks longer, but sickness and the
paucity of ammunition would have limited our
power of resisting assaults like that of Jan, 6
Originally there were 12,000 soldiers, 2,000
eWiltans and 4,000 natives in the town. Eight
thousand of the soldiers passed through the
hospital, The death rate was low till January.
The increase was due to the exhaustion of
medicines,

“Lr 's impossible to exaggerate the privations
of the sick since the riddle of January, Once
a man was down he was practically lost. The
rations for the fighting men just sufficed to
keep them together. Tho last fortnight saw
the majority of the fleld batteries unhorsed

and the guns permanently posted The
|} cavalry and the drivers were converted
{nto infantry. A line of defence was con-

structed iu view of the final contingency if the
outer works should be carried,

“Since the siege began the following casual-
ties have occurred: Killed, 24 officers and 235
men; died of disease, SoMeers and 340 men;
wounded, 70 officers and 520 men; @ total of
1105, This list does not include the casualties
among the white clvillans,”

The War Office has received the following
despatch from Gen. Buller

“NectTHorre, March 2,8 A. M,

“Seventy-three wagon loads of supplies are
now entering Ladysmith. The first eleven are
filled with hospital comforts,’

Details of Gen, Buller’s fighting show thata
long list of casualties is to be expected. The
Somersetshire Regiment, which was under fire
for five hours on Feb, 21, had 73 casualties,
according to a list issued by the War Office
to-day. The War Office has Issued a list of
casualtios among Gen. Buller’s officers on Feb.
27. Six officers were killed and 25 wounded,
Gen. Barton. commander of the Fusilier
Brigade, the Sixth Brigade of the Third Divis-
fon, is among the wounded.

 

GEN, CRONJE’S CUPTIVITY,
Elaborate Precautions to Keep Him
Secluded on His Journey to Cape Town,
Special Calle Despatch to Tak Sun,

Cape Town, March 2.—Gen, Cronje and his
family have arrived at Simon's Town. The
party passed Orane> River station on the night
of Feb. 28. The most elaborate precautions
were taken to prevent the public from seeing
them. Even British officers were not allowed
to enter the railway station,

FOR UNITARIAN BOF¥S,

Only Distinctively Sectarian School of That
Denomination Endowed,

 

For twenty vears the Unitarians of the
United States have heen wanting a distine-
tively Unitarian schoo!, where their boys could
receive a preliminary academ ¢ edueation and
prepare for college. Nobody of the Unitarian
faith seemed inclined to start such @ sehool or
give money enough to enable somebody ese to
atartit. Therefore many sons of Uniturtans
have been sent to schools of other denomina-
tions, chiefly schools under the patronage of
the Episcopal Church, On the first of next
Ovo! or, however, the first distinetively Uni-
tar an school for boys in this country will be
opened at Tarrytown adit will be richly en-
dowed,

The announcement of this fact was made at
a meeting of the New Yor League of Unitarian
Women, held atthe Lenox Avenue Unitarian

Church yesterday morning Among those
present atthe meeting was Mrs. Theodore C
Williams. She was asked to make an an-
nouncement, “in which all would be tnter-

eated.” Mrs, Williains then said that, several
months ago, Mrs. Fravees fh. Hackley of Turry-
town, whose husband, an owner of Penusylvania
eoal mines, dio |about two years ago, having
an estate of shout $50,000,000, had. signifed
her deaira fo endow a Unitarian sehool as a
memorial to ner Nasbund. In carrying out
this desire, she stoi she would turn over to a

board of trustees the homestead, “Hackley
Hal." to be need for such a school She did
so, and the Rev, Theodora Co Wiliams was
choven prineipal, Theschool was opened in-

forma ly ‘astantamn with about aight pup ts
Soattentpl was made to get puptis, because
Mrs, Hoek ey'’s plans for further contribution
stitution had not been completed
Abouta month ago, however, Mrs, Williams
safe, plansforformally opening the school next
Ovtober were comple ed rs, Hacklev turned
ovorto the tristees S40,.000 for the endowment
fund, making total wift about $120.000,
Other tunds had been @iven, wh eh enatied

 
  

 

the trustees to purchase tae beautiful estite
of the Inte Walinee ©. Andrews, near Haekley
) Hal, and the two ostutes will be thrown
ito one, Hfeekley Hall will be used
for advanced pupils preparing for college,
while a new building will be_ built
for boya of L2 years of nage and under, It waa

anounced in Tarrytown. last. evening that
Mea Sarah C. Goodhue of 18) Madison avenue
had also given $10,000 to the sehool and had
agreed to provide the money for the new school
bualiding

Coincident with the opening of Hackley Hall,
onthe same day, in fact, the first Unitarian
achoo! for boys in Great Britain will be opened
near London

\ REPRESENTATIVE BPES

 

DEAD,
Virginia Congressman Succumbs After a
Surgical Operation,
WasHinaros, March 2. ~ Representative

Sydney P Epeaof the Fourth district of Vir-
| ginia died at the Garfleld Hospital to-night

| from the effects of an operation for appendl- |

citis, He Was present in the House on

Wednesday and tate in the afternoon was
taken Ill, He went to his hotel, where
toma ol appendicitis developed, and yeester-
day he was removed to the hospital, where
ai ores “ per rmed to-day. This
evening Ris condition bacame serious and ut
| midnight he tied
Mr. Epes was born at Sunnyside, Nottoway
| county, Va. He was educated in Kentueky ani
became a newspaper man. His frst political
| office was asa memberof the Virginia House
of De egates in 1mul-2 Afterward he served
as Register of the LantOMce of Virginia, He
was elected to the Pifty-itth Congress but was
unseated ant Was resiected to present
} Consress

 

 

the

Have Facaped
Here.

Bostos, Mareh 2.-The Boston police ar«
rested a youns Italian inthe North End thie
evening, Who is anid to bean escaped
from Quarant ne’ ag New York. He was potions
over to the ty ited States oMcers, who took

j him back to New York to-night.

sat to From Ounrantine

SS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS sss Ss SSS

BYMD- |

I CHARLES F, BATES IS DEAD,

 

HORSEMAN A WitCiim
BRONCHIAL PNEUMONTA,

THE NOTED
OF

Had Been Ul Only a Few Days—A Conapie- |

uous Figure at All the Moree Shows of
Recent Years—Best Four-in-Hand Whip
in the Country—Owner of Prise Winners,

Charles F. Bates, the noted horseman, died
atthe home of his parents inthe Dakota flats
last night after a brief illness, He had been
aultering for several days with au acute attack
of bronchtal pneumonia. His family was told
several days ago that it waa not likely that Mr.
Bates would live through the iilneas, and his
father and mother were with him when he died
at 5:40 o'clock last evening,

“Fatty” Bates, as Mr, Bates was un versally
known in this city and indeed throughout the
country, has been one of the most picturesque
figures in New York iife for the last eight or
ten years, Of grotesque figure, and remark.
able taste in dress, he combined with a love of
rather boisterous companions and unconven-
tional speech a remarkable shrewdness in his
dealings with men and in his judgment of
horse flesh. Mr, Bates was probably the very
best four-in-hand whipin the United States.
bor years his exhibits at the Horse Show have
taken a lion’s share of the prizes aud have won
the admiration of all beholders,

Mr. Bates was born in Newport, K. L., about
thirty-flve vears ago. His father, C, Francis
Bates, is a dealer in hatters’ supplies at 5
Washington place, in this city, As a boy Mr.
Bates went to the public school at Newport,
and it was told of him that long before he could
write his name he had hitched up a neighbor's
billy goat with a Newfoundland dog to a toy
wagon and had made a pair of them that was
eminently satisfying to him.

More than ten years ago he appeared as a
prominent figure in New York. Le took to ap-
pearing at the Horse Shows with horses that
were as remarkable for their excellence as his
own personal adornment was peculiar, It was
nothing to‘ Fatty” Bates that people laughed

at his broat brimmed beaver hats and
his eighteenth-century brass = buttoned
coats, He enjoyed attracting at-
tention and it was part of — his
stock fu trade as a dealer in fine horses, His
salesroom was at 215 West Pond avenue, ‘Two

orthree years ago he bought the stock farm
ot Jobin A, Logan, Jr, (recently killed in’ the
Vhilippines! at Youngstown, Ohio, and it was
there that he sent his new horses to be broken
in and to be put in eondition betore offering
them in the market,

“Patty” Bates considered no expense too
rent and forgot all risk to his horses in send-
ng them to horse shows, It is not long age
that he sent a number of horses to Chicago at
an expense at more than $10,000, Tf he had
taken every prize atthe show—and he did take
agreat many of them—he could hardly have
recompensed himself directly for this outlay,
ut he felt amply repaid in the advertising
that his business obtained through the exhibi-
tions and by winning such prizes as feil to
his lot

Mr. Bates’s friends have always said that
even though he had lost money by winning
prizes, itwouli have been his greatest joy to
gainthem. Hissmile, whieh radiated over his
broad features and seemed toinelude every
inch of his ponderous frame before it faded
away, Was lever so captivating us when one of
his horses was being docorated witha blue
ribbon andthe groomsand stablemen were
gathered about the ring, raising their voicesin
tumultuous approval of the 1ndges’ choice,

Like most true horsemen, “Patty” Bates had
a Very soft spot in bis heart for the men who
worked around the stables. He was a liberal
distributor of favors in the drinking places
where such men most resort, While the host.
lers liked him for his liberality, they had a
sincere admiration for his knowledge of horses
and his ability 13 a whip. Stories of his say-
ings and achievemen's have become traditions
in the horse markets, and will be told for years
tocome

His most famous four-in-hand team, Coxey,
Whirl ofthe Town, Hi and High Tide, have
taken prizes as & team and as pairs and as toe
dividuals at many horse shows, Coxey was
for years atthe head of the high steppers of
the country. He was beaten of late by Whirl
ofthe Town, to the regret of many who be-
lieved that the old horse should not have beea
entered against the new comer after go many
victories. Brown Dona, Coxey’s mate in LSiv4,
was another of Mr. Bates’s famous horses

In 183 Mr. Bates was sued by Annette
MeGrath, who professed to be his wife, for a
divorce, The trial established the fact that
Mies MeGrath, whon Bates had met
somewhat unceremoniously in Central Park,
was not his wife, and could not therefore
have a divorea from him

In INOS Mr, Bates sed James T_ Hyde, the
assi:tant secretary of the Nationa! Horse Show

 

Association, for the keep of a horse, Dia-
volessa. Mr. Hyde contended that he had
tven the horse to a member of Mr

ites’s family, a young woman, who
afterward went to Chicago — and left
the horse on Mr Bates's hands

Mr. Bates contended that that horse should

never bave left Mr. Hyde's custody ant tht
Mr. Hyde should pay forits board Tt hecane
apparent that Mr. Bates and Mr. Hyde had
parted friendship because of the young Woman
who had gone to Chicago, Through such inei-
dents as these Mr, Lates’s nime was con.

Ore the public

 

stantly being brought be

OBITUARY,

William J. Kay, who served with gallantry
jo the Baghsh Army and was 4 Captain in the
Federal army during the Civil War, died in Ozone

Vark. lL Loon Thursday, aged 76 He was wi

ad atthe battle of Gettysburg by @ fragment of
shie ih which disembowelled hi horse The
wou r healed When he was 70 years old

his leg was amputated. He was bern ina Edin
burgh, Scotland, and received his military train
ing in the famous Black Watch Regoment. He
served on the Mediterranean and Bermuda sta
tions He came to New York in 1552 When
the war broke out he enlisted in the Seventieth
New York Regiment. He served under Gen
Sickles in the Virginia campaign After
covering from the wound received at Gettysburg

re

he was made Adjutantof the Nineteenth Veteran

Reserve Corps, stationed at Buffalo and Elmira

 

After the war he did duty in Washing indi
Kentucky In 1870 he gave up the Arr and
obtained a place in the New York Post Office
He belonged to Winchester Post Go oNOR f

Brooklyn, Zeredatha Lodge, ClintonCommandery

the New York Caledonian Club, the Post Off
Mutual Aid Association and the Amerieus Hook
and Ladder Companys

Bernard Jacques Pink, a Brooklyn lawyer
dial vesterday at his home, 114 Pennsylvania
avenue, ip bis forty fifth year He was born in
Germany and educated at Berlin University, On

comuug to this eountey in S76 he became pr
foisor of modern languasces in St. Lawrence { }
ty), mp maioing there for six years, He then
! ‘ ani ! ' s tty the bar
moved to Wieeonsin and wa ctd District \t
tonne { Mf thon eouly Within two years
he returned Bast and setrod in the Past New
York distiet in Brooklyn Afew months ag
he was chosen President of the Kus hwiek Demo
cratic Club. He was formerle View President
of the St. Lawrenee Club of New York The

Rev. Dr. ALG. Gaines, President of St. Lawrence
University, wall officiate ot! funeral and inter
ment at Canton, \. mn Monday \ son sur
vives bim

Lady Louisa Madelina Tighe died at Wood
stock eounts Kilkenny Lreland yesterday
morning She was the daughter of the Duke
of Richmond, in whose heise at Brussels was

riven the famous ball from which the Duke of
Vellington and his officers were summoned on
the night before the pattle of Waterloo, It has

 

     

been said that Lady ‘Tighe girded on the Duke
of Wellington's sword on) that) cecasion NI
the time of her death she was the only survivor
of he nine guests at the baal Lady Tighe
was | in 1808 and in 1A25 was married to
Colonel. the Hon, Wiliam Tighe. He died in
1874. Lady Tighe never tired of — deseribing
the Waterl ball, and remembered perfectly
the scene when messengers brought the news of

the approach of the French and the pugles sounded
the call to arnis

Vrederick R. Wood of FL Ro Weed & Son, car
riage builders, of this ety, died on Thursday
atternoon at his late residence, 509 West Eighty

 

  

second street, after nearly five years filness. He
was in his seventy Gfty year and hes resided
in this city for sixty ars. tle had been et
gaged in the carriag siness over fiftw vears
Prior to Mr. Wood's illness he was well known
| te the road d rs of the cliy, ashe was to be seen
daily for full forty years among the afternoon
drivers on the road, Tle was for many years |
an officer in the Baptist denomination and at

the time of Lis death Was e member of Dr. Mac-

Arthurs church on Pifty seventh street.

Mrs. Martha Harshman Lowe, the wife of the
Rey, Thomas O- Lowe, died at her residence in
New Hrighton, Staten Island. on) Friday after
noon, She was the grenddaughter of two Ohio
pioneers, Jonathan Hearsiman of Dayton and
John Hirling of Nenia who emigrated from Mary-
land early in the centur Her two living children
are John W. Lowe of Chicago and Mrs. Ralph

MeKee of New Brighter

Former (ity
died last night at

Staten Islan

Alexander Watson
AO Central avenue

Prisonk

Jersoy City, alter tT iness. He was 70
gears old. He vas in Uniied States Seeret
Service for many years der Col William P,
Wood aad had Deon Vrisonkeeper twenty
years. ‘The Pollee Boor! retired him about @
year age for physteal Msabhitins

Patrick Quinn, aged 7
ators of the village ol
yesterday. He was bo
to America thity years 16O,

one of the {neorpare
lurrytown, died there

[reland, and came
He was once

| Superintendent of

| lyn, in his seventy sixth year

 

Oe
a

 

 

 

 

asonry for the New York
Central Railroad, He was Justice of the Peace
MADY years,

Raymond Lee Ward died at his home, 14 Kast
Thirty-second street, yesterday after a brief illness
of pneumonia. Mr. Ward was 61 years old,
He was maltster. He was a member of the Union
league, Metropoliian, Racquet, City and other
clubs. His wife, who was a Miss Barnard, sur
vives him

Mrs. Sarah Wood Lyor .
Lyon, principal of the W
died yesterday at Bridgeton, N. J., after an
operation forthe removal of cancer, She was
born In Turkey, and was the daughter of the
Rev. Dr. Wood, who was then a missionary

wife of Phoebus W,
eat Jersey Academy,

| there,

Thomas J. Jones died at bly home, 317 Monroe
street, Brooklyn, on Thursday, of heart disease,
He was born in New York us 1848, and for the
last fifteen
Creenpome Perry,
surviNe him,

Samuel Vance, 76 years old, anda well known

A widow and three daugbers

resident of Jersey City, died ou Thursday at!
his home, 45 Mercer street, Jemey City. He
had been sick @ week with pooumonia, Mr

Vance had been a deacon of the Tabernacle (wenty
obe year

The Right Rev. Mahlon N. Gilbert, Bishop
Congiuece of the Protestant Episcopal Diocese
of Minnesota, died yesterday at St. Paul. He
was born at Morris, N. ¥., om March 23, 1848,
and was consecrated on Oct, 17, 1886.

George Jo Byrne, who was for many years
4 perfumery manufacturer in New York, died
on Thursday at his home 833 State street, Brook

Ilo leaves taw
sons and a daughter,

Mirs, Nlesander Weed
ander Weed of Stamford, Conn
there yesterday, aged 55 years,
sons,

widow of the late Alex
. died ather home
She leaves three

HIS BRAIN UNHISGED BY LAWSUITS,

Mining Agent Twice in Police Courts and
at Last in the Insane Ward.

William H. Schallioll, who says that he is the
agent of a mining company and lives at Chea-
ter, Pa, was sent from Lawyer DeLancey
Nicoll's offlee to Bellevue Hospital yesterday
for examination as to his sanity after a series
of adventures in this eity, He arrived in this
city from Philadelphia early yesterday morn-
ing and took a eab at the Desbrosses street
ferryhouse, ordering the cabiman to drive to
the Manhattan Hotel. In front of the hotel

Schallioll first attracted the attention of the ,

He got into a dispute with the cab
the fare and was taken before
Flammer in the Yorkville police

police,
driver about
Magistrate
court

Nesbitt, the driver, complained that Schal-
lioli had not paid him,

“Why,” Schallioll protested, “I gave him my
check for $2 and he has it now,”

“Lreturned it to you,” said Nesbitt,

“LT deny it.” exclaimed Schaliioll, “and my
word is as good as his.’

It developed that Schalioll hat only 75 eents
in money. He had some railroad stock in his
pockets, however, and said he had come here
to dispose of that. He broke down while he
was being questioned and began to ery

“Tama physical wreck from vervousness,
he watled, ‘and I cannot explain just now.”

Magistrate Flammer allowed him to go. Soon
afterward he appeared in DeLancey Nicoll's
office in Nassau street and asked for Mr. Nicoll
He was not ir

“Call up the City Hospital.” said Schallioll,
“and tell thein to send

lan ambulance at once,
lam ina atate of collapse and want to be taken
care of.”

The girl clerk was too much flrightened to
do anything, but the chief clerk appeared and
Sehallioll began telling him about the “out-
rage of his arrest.” The clerk called in a police.
man who senttothe Hudsqp Street Hospital
for an ambulance. Schalliiol answered ques-
tions pretty well unt!! he was asked if he had
been drinking

‘There you so again,” he
Outrage .

He dhclared he never drank, but the surgeon
suld theman was onthe verge of delirium
tremens and Policeman Schreiber arrested
him. Magistrate Hogan inthe Centre street
police court committed him to Bellevue

Sehallioll told the people at Mr. Nicoll’s offlee
that he had hada couple of lawsuitea recently
that had worried hima great deal and caused
his collapse Te left the railroad stocks he
was carrying at . Nteoll’s offiee. At Bellevue
he gave the address ota sister who lives at
Bryn Mawr, asuburb of Philudelphia. A letter
was sent to her telling her of his plight.

     
 

 

cried, “Insulte!

 
 

  
 

WESTERN NEW YORK'S BLIZZ4KD,

Snowfall That Lasted Sixty Hours—Business
Stopped for a Day.
Rocnrster. Mareh 2.—The eity recovered
somewhat from the effects of the storm to-day
The snow continued to fall slowly till to-night
None of the street cars are running re@ularly
The schools were ve to-day. Retail bus!
ness was paralyzed, but it is expected to pick
up to-morrow. Trains and mails were in a
little better shape than yesterday
Geneva, N, ¥,, March 2.—Thia city is experi-
eneing the worst snowstorm within its mem-
ory. Snow has been falling almost without

intermission for sixty hours. Business was
ractically suspended from yesterday until a
ate hourthis afternoon. The #lectric car line
between Geneva, Waterloo and Seneca Falls is
blocked. Tram service overthe Lehigh Valley
Railroad and the Pennsylvania ision of the
Central Hudson has been maintained, The
Auburn braneli the Central tin son fs
aimost blockided. The trainffrom Rocheater,
dne here at TS o'eloek in the morning, did
not arrive ont! o o'clock this afternoon, A
train which leit Rochester about 1Oo'clook this
morning is stuck in adrift westofCanandaigua

osed

 

  

 

and may stay there all nicht. A crew has
been sent from Canandaigua to try to dig
{t out. A train left bere for Rochester
over the Auburn. road at 3:40 o'clock
this afternoon. Tt is in Canandaigua,
with no. immediate prospects of goin
farther. The roade throughout Ontario anc

Seneca counties are completely blocked, Itis
said that on the roads among the hills in the
western and southern parts of Ontario county
there are drifts from fifteen to twenty feet
deep.

CLEVELAND'S BiGg STORM,

The City Gradually Coming Back to a
Normal Condition. Losses Heavy.

CLEVELAND, March 2.—All street railroad
traMe inthe city is again open, and cars were
running on nearly schedule time this after.
noon, With the exeeption of the Berea line of
the Cleveland, Berea and Elyria road, all of the
suburban lines were also open, Ever ainee the

great storm was at its height on Wednesday
night all street ear trafic bad been ted up
About 8.000 telephones are out of serviaa,
and 4,000 miles at wire is down, Fully 600
linemen were at work to-day repairing damage
to telephones, There was a alight thaw to-day

and it Joosened up things somewhat, butit
froze solid again tosuight, Assistant: Manager
Eo Denanle of the Western Colon Te'egraph

loss here. at

tome

ny ploces the company’s
1000), }

ts service was not improved to-day,
coouse of the thorough bayoe the sterm
raised| with its wires. The Postal company
was in practically the same shape, The treeg
stili hear their mantle of fee, and Cleveland
looks like a silver efty,

OF CUBIN LAND,

  

BiG TURCHASE

Fruit Company of Boston Purchases 198,000
Jeres on the Bay of Nipe.

March 2.—Acting f
the United

ra syndicate of
Fruit Company,

Bosron
the directors of
L. G. Burnham, second vice-president of the
company, and Hippolyte Dumois, the local
agent of the company at Havana, have com-
pleted the purchase of 104,000 aeres of land on
the Bay of Nipe trom an old French syndicate,
This is the largest land sale consummated in
Cuba in many yer involving $750,000,

The purchase contro!a allthe deep water of
the Payot Nipe. About three hundred square
milesof land ts involved, The Freneh aynei-
cate which owned the property contemplated
very extensive operations. but owing to the
war there were legal complications, the Per
erty Was ordered sold bythe court and was
purchased by Mr. Hurnham

 

  
 
 

 

  
 
   

Telephone Service
at Your Residence

is Useful Always,

Helpful Very Often
and Indispensable
on Occasions.

Rates in Manhattan
ivom $60 a year.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY,
Wi West 3818 St. 952 Sroadway 15 Dey St.

 

    
       

ERR Cmte

   

SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1900.
‘THE PRESID

yours bad been a ferry master on the |

Wis Waiting to receive the party when the
train arrived in Jersey City, With aim |
was Mr. W. 8 Hawk, one of the pro- |
Prietors of the Hotel Manhattan, Two Central |
| office detectives who have been assigned |
to the duty of watching over the President |

attendance, |

| while he is in

 

LL O_O ee

 

    

ENT iN TOWN,

= —

 

ME IS 10 RE THE ONTO SOCIETY'S |
GUEST OF HONOK TO-NIGHT, |

 

Will Probably Make a Brief Address at the
Society's Banquet—Mra, MoKinley and
Her Niece With the President—They hx-
weet to Remain Here Till Monday.

The President and Mrs. McKinley arrived
here from Washington at 4:40 o'clock yester-
day afternoon, and went directly to the Hote

Manhattan, They came from

ton in a special car attached to the

syivania limited train. With them were

Adjutant-General Corbin, Misa Barber, Ex.

ecutive Clerk Barnes, Dr, Rixey and Secretary

Cortelyou. The President is here to attend the |

banquet of the Ohio Society which takes place

to-ntaht at the Waldorf-Astoria,
Abner MeKinley, the Dresident’s

Washing- |
Penn.

brother,

the city, were in
Several hundred persons were in the station
when the party arrived and they cheered the
Presiventas he left the private car Oceanic,
and with his brother helped Mrs. MeKinley to
alight. The President acknowledged the
cheers by lifting his hat, Pour carriages were
waiting and in them the party was driven
aboard a Twenty-third street ferry boat,

The President's carriage drove to the bow
where many of the passengers crowded around
it. One man, who was plainly water the infu-
ence of liquor, opened the carriage door and
attempted to shake hands with the President,

Mr. McKinley extended his band, but quickiy
withdrew ft, and the intruder was quietly re-
nioved by the Central OMce men

When the boat reachel Twenty-third street
the carriages were driven through ‘Twenty-
fourth street to Fifth avenne, There the Presi-
dent looked. out of the window at the Dewey

| Arch, which he sow for the first time, and
culled. Mrs, MeKinley'’s attention to it. On
reaching the hotel the party went at once to

the Statu apartments which face Forty-second
street,

Isaac Seligman, the banker, was among
those waiting at the hotel to meet President
McKinley. He remained in conversation with
the President until dinver was announced
funner Was served in the private dining room,
Mr. and Mrs. Abner MeKinley) and thoir
daughter, Miss Mabel MeKinley, dining
with the — President After dinner the
ladies of the party, escorted by Mr. Abner
MeKinlev and Adjt-Gen. Corbin attended the
Empire Theatre where “Brother Officers’ is
being played. The party occupied two of the
lower boxes, Mrs, MeKinley sat almost in the
rear of the box, and few persons in the audi
ence knew that she was inthe theatre, It was
pier 11 o'clock when the party got back to the
rotel,

In the meantime, President McKinley had
received at the tel President Milton I
Sotherd, ex-Mayor William L, Strong and

 

Gen. Heury Lo Burnett, the committee of
the Onto Soetety, appointed to acquaint
the President with the soeiety’s plans

forthe banquet to-night. The committee re-
maine! with the President until O30 o'clock.
Appraiser Wilbur Fk. Wakeman also called and
later in the evening had ataik with the Presi-
deut huere Were many other callers, but no
one else saw the President

To-day President) McKinley and Mrs
McKinley will drive through Central Park, At
o'clock to-night the committee from the
Ohio Society will call at the hotel to escort
the President to the Waldorf-Astoria
There he will hold a reception for
half an honr, Although he accepted the |
society's invitation with the understanding
that he was not to be called on to make a
speech, he will probably muke a brief address
at the dinner,

The President and Mrs. MeKin'ey will prob-
ably return to Washington on Monday.

 

TOOK NO ACCOUNT OF STEAM DRILLS,

How a Keal Estate Man Missed Becoming
a New York Millionaire,

The only flaw in the plans which I carefully
made for a fortune thirty years ago,” said an old
real estate agent, “was that | didn't antictpate the
extracrdiuary influence of the steam drill on Man
Island. I really delieve that the steam
drill should be represented on our coatof arms
During the war and for several vears after it |

made a f and in 1560

hatian

w sticcessful speculations,

1 found that | had 880,000 to invest. Ll didu't
want to putin it stocks, but in real estate. New
York's growth previous to that fme warranted

mein beilleving thatit would at least double in the
next quarter of @ century, and in that Ll was right
Manhattan Island Battery t
and I expected to make a fortune in real
The lower part of the island was densely
and obviously, it north
Some of the most desirable locations on this istand
popes! were ruined by the rock formation

wv oinstance, in’ Fifty ninth street where now
stand expensive apartment beuses, in those days
Were towerlnr clitis of rocks. ‘that was the con
didon of many other lots, and the expenses of
outing out these rocks and exeayauing for a cellar
was then so great as to be almost prohinitive
This property could have been bought for almost
nothing -

“The upper West Side of the town was not bullt
up and only a crazy operator would have dared

1 new from the
Harlem
estate.

populated must grow

guess at its present prosperity. | went up in
what is now the annexed district of New Ror,
and put my 830,000 in real estate there While

Thave been waiting for my land to increase enough
{n value to show me a reasonable profit lotsa that
I would not have paid 8200 for because of the
rocks on them bave been sold for 815,000 and
$20,900.

The steam drill did it One lot which I might
have bought on Fifth avenue a few years before
that time for about $5,000 bas for eight or ten
years past been bringing its owner 830,000 a year

ground rent. We have grown seo rapidly that
poopie have forgotten how cheaply the very
choleest real estate in this city could bave been

bought thirty or thirty five years ago. For from
$200 to 8400 a man might have bogeht then the
best lots on West End avenue.

You see, my plans for a fortune in real es
tate were in a general way all right. put 1 failed
in executing them properly De T think that the
advances in real estate in the future vill pe as
great as in the past twenty-five years’ 1 think
that the advance will be more rapid Our tunnel
is going to assure that. The only ditieulty tn
the way of real estate speculation now is the same
old one, of not being able to forecast accurately
where the most desirable residence parts are gotng
to be in the newly developed distriet

DADCLIFFE GIVING MANY PLAYS,
Girl Stadents Are Acting for Charity and
Fencing for Fun,

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 2.) Radeliffe Col
lege is just now in @ ferment of charitable thea
activity heard to remark
that she is at the present tive carrying the weight
of sia roles in and on her euriy blonde head! To
be sure noi all of these plays ov distinetly Rad
cliffe affairs, but three or four of them are cer
tainly more or less connected with the
social life, One, “Sunbonnets,

trical One ¢ was

college
Written by Marian

DD, Campbell, ‘99, and produced in Fay House
last evening for the benefit’ of the Idler Club's
Green Room Fund, is @ satire upon the much
clubbed state of modern woman, Two florcely
opposed feciions bappen to meet at the same
house on the same afternoon, one be the invita
tion of a “younger member" and the «ver at the

request of the family’s head, The unfortunate

conflict of dates Is @ surprise to both clubs, but

the crowinng coup comes when each discovers
that its object is identical with that of its hated
rival. The play is in two acts and in dialogue
and action is clever, Miss Campbell wrote many
plays during her college course, but this year
since she bas been diligently studving dramatic
construction under the tutelage of Prof, George
Baker of Harvard, her work bas greatiy developed

Another play of distinct interest to Radeliffe

 

 

  

virls was that given in Caton Hall, Boston, last
evening by the Denison llouse Dramatic Club
Denteon House is the college seitiement ia whieh
students here are particularly interested, So
in spite of other attractions a fair number of the
Daughters of Anne turned out to applaud the
Damon and Pythias, for the svecess of whieh
Evelyn Livermore, 1900, the elector of the Rad
cliffe College settlement chapter, bad worked
with a will, The pr ds ! affair went
to the gymnasium at Deniwsen | >

tedeliffe pirls are in the cast <

    

 

  

 

 

Six f° Jo March,”
which was repeated in Hratde Hall, this after
noon. The “Specials” bad a frolic in Fay House
at 2 o'clock today and the class of 1008 had a
Juncheon to be given about the same hour,

Some one endowed th an imaginative mind
hes ingeniously connectad the recent revival of
interost in feneing with the vogue of the pseude
hivtorieal novel, The relation hip adduced is
of ipse purely problematical, but thet fencing
has come and is esereioung considerable sway
an ocirel athletic undoubted faet, Rad
cliffe has recently yem\ t lasses in the
artend both meet regularly and are making good

that rar yiech comes

vyugressan
From the use of th

Col, Austen Surprised,

A published report that Col, David FE. Austen
ia about to designate Battery Has an engineer
tone in conmand of Capt. Yauch is a surprise
to Col, Austen, He has no such intention,

STEN eae RET rye

    

| itexpertet to

MGR, BBARRETTI MAKES FRIENDS,

Opposition to Havana's New Bishop Dying

Out—Mr. Root'’s Trip to Cuba,

Special Cable Despath ‘o THE Svs,
Havana, March 2.~—Mer. Sbarretti, the nowly
appointed Bishop of Havana, has appointed a
Cuban priest as his secretary, Already the
opposition to the new Hishop seems to be
dyingout. The last meeting held to further a
manifestation against him turved out tu bea
flzzle, The speakers, who had been very bit-

| teragainst bim before hia coming, said they

liked his appearance and generally spoke well
othim. The impression ia growing that Mar
Sbarretti is working for the best interests of
the Chureh in Cuba, and it is dovbtmlifeny
more protests will be made against him,

The recent fall in the price of sugar has

made mover a drug in the Havana market,
Ail the banks have on overp!us of cash. On:
coneern has in its vaults $4,000,000, whieh

vse in moving the sugar crop
Planters are now holding off for higher prices,
and the cropis not being moved, Exchange
on New York has consequently gone up.

The newspapers are discussing the coming
visit of Seeretary of War Root. The Patria
saya it does not know why he is com-
Ing. and adds that President MeKinley
could get all needed iuformation from Gover-
nor General Wood, Ino whom the Cubans
have perfect confidence, The Jtscuston says
that the people will wantte Kuow from Mr,
Root when the joint resolution of Congress
will be fulitiied, If he evades the question th
American peop'a should make it disagreeab!
for the Administration. The Luchathinks tl
visit is important. It urges Mr. Root to ignore
the oficeholders in bis consultations and to
confer only with the mercantile class, the
planters and the Cubans, who are @ real source
of strength.

GERMAN WAR ON AMELICAN MEOCT,

A Love Giftto the Agrarians for Their Sup-
port of the Navy BIL
S)ecial Cable Despa'ch to Tuk SUN

Benniy, March 2.—-The Vorrraerts prints the
text of a secret confidential circular issued in
July, 18), by Baron von RKhein- Baden, Prussian
Minister of the Interior, who was then Prest-
dent of Dusseldorf, to the mayors and district
presidents of the provinee. The eirealar is
especially Interesting in view ofthe reported
abandonment of the negotiations for anew
German-American commercial treaty and the
resolution recently adopted by the Meat In-
spection Commission of the Reichstag to rec-
ommen! the introduction ofa bill forbidding
the importation of meat into Germany after
143

The circular warned officials against supply-
ing to American coneuls special statistics con-
corning the number of convictions in Ger-
many for breaches of the Public Foods act
and the sale of edibies injurious to health, or |
concerning the frequency of disease among
home-bred German eattie, The objoet of the
circular was evideutly to impress Americans
withthe belief that certain catt
Germany were due solely to the importation of
American cattle,

lhe Vorwaerts prophesies that the proposed
prohibition will be a love-gift by the Govern-
pent tothe Agrarians for supporting the Navy
bill. The alfair, says thea Voricaerta, resembles
a scene ina madhouse, First a navy iscreated
to Insure the safety of Gerinany’s food imports
aud then the importation of foodstuffs is pro-
hibited,

» diseases in

FNACTIONS OF NEW YORK CRIMPS,

  

A Member of Parliament Says British Sall-
ors Are Plundered Here,
Special Cable Desprwvh to Tue Svs,

Lonpoy, Mareh 2.- In the House of Commons
to-day Mr. Joseph Havelovk Wilson, member
for Middlesborough and Secretary of the Na-
tional Seamen's Union, complained of the
hardships of British seamen in New York,
where, he declared, they were plundered by |
crimps, the shipowners sharing in the spoil
They bad paid, he said, the sum of €100,000 |
{na year for the privilege of obtaining work

 

Mr, Wilson and other members blamed the |
Government for not protecting seamel

The Right Hon. W. St. J. Brodrick, Parlia-
mentary Secretary of the Foreign OMee, +

plied that the chambers of shipping eould do
more to remove the grievances than the Goy

ernment, which was willing to give them every
assistance, butcould not make laws for the
United States. Mr. Brodrick added, however,
that representations had been made reeentiy
regarding the engagement of sailors in Amer-
ican ports, and he suggested that the com

plainants await the effect of these representa-
tions,

PARLIAMENT TO) BE DISSOLVED?

Report That a General Election Will
Held in June.

Be

Special Cable Desnatch to Toe SUN
Lonpon, March 2 —In the House of Commons |
to-day the Kight Hon, A. J. Balfour, First Lord
of the Treasury and Government leader, an-
pounced that the budget would be taken up
next Monday. ‘his is more than @ month
earlier than usual and the House was aston-
ished at the announcement
Later inthe afternoon there was a report in
the lobbies, which was generally believed, that
the Government intends, vow that the war our-
look has taken a favorable turn, to dissolve
Parliament, and that @ general election wil,
be held in June,

Brought In Four Survivors of a Crew,

Puirape: ria, March 2.~ The British steam-
er Motka arrived here to-day with four sur-
vivors of the schooner Golden Sheaf of
this port which foundered Feb. 27,
The men saved were Henry Seyford,
Bath, Me.; John Leary, Cork, Ireland; J. |
Samols, Cronstadt. Russia, and William. John-
aon, Sweden,

on

a Mate Henry Messen and William |
Trets were lost. Capt, Chandler was rescued
by a Norwegian bark

ONDS

Used by people
overhalfacentury
because of its un-
varying purity
and strength.
Quickly dbus
redness of skin,

 

and cannot be used {for it.
sold in bulk, diluted, easily
contains ‘' wood alcohol,’

ternally, and, taken internal]
Pond's Extract is sold ONL 4

enclosed in buff wrapper,

This fac
you cad fi

 

Pond's Extract Ointment firs
tmancatly CURES itching o
Owev., severe. It 18 4 specific

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

Boys’ day to-day.

But please don’t repeat yes
terday’s onslaught—can't cover
1,000 bodies with 400 coverings.

Only about 400 of these suits,

Double- breasted
sailor and little vest suits, sizes
S4 instead of $6 to ®9.

And those 4 to 16 year old
wus that never keep still, can
wear out coverings at half price
—knickerbockers at 75 cents in .
stead of 81.50,

Rocers, Peer & Compant,

—_————

258 Browlway, cor, Warren
+ Broadway, cor @

A STRAIGHT WHISKEY

ot the highest possible

OLD
CROW
RYE

rerilable leader for
Ihe best for
your system.
all who valuetheir health,
We make no statements that are not
| Strictly true.

HB. KIEK& CO,, Sole Botilars, WY.

 

 

 

lev Laat, AdortiD cucr wim

OLD CROW
een

|R ,

 

 

 

Don't Eat

 

Must and Will do so

JOHNSON’S DIGESTIVE
TABLETS

ALWAYS IX BLUE BOTTLES

Stundard remedy for Gleet,
Gonorrh@a and Runnings
IN 48 HOURS.
ney anc Hladder Troubles,

 

 

DE, MESSTTER'S MIND AFFECTED?

Avrested While Offering Money to a Crowd

 

Arthur Messiter,
ganist and choirmasterof Trinity Chureh, who

years old, the ors

Wednesday

surrounded

of this borough.
Magistrate ¢

Kniekerbacher |
| When acratened before
Dr, Messiter appeared dazed und took no ine
He was taken awa
mn eould be

in the proeead
at Dr. Messiter's home |

Drowned in a Pew tncehes of Water.

street, who was ill
| with pneumonia, hecume delirious this morte

rof S70 Straight

 

{ nveyor hole at the
where he had been eme
winches of water ia
wn, made uncone

| found ar the bottom

 

Phere were a
the hole, and in this, Me
8 by his fall, was dro

 

  

EXTRACT

chapping, chafing, tan of oily complexion, For Itchings,
scratches, sprains, stiffness, ot when overheated of espec-
ially fatigued, thorough bathing with Pond’s Extract and
brisk rubbing will be found most refreshing and Invig-
orating. After shaving, Pond's Extract is healing and
ey -“ a - face white, soft, aad smooth.

ives immediate felief to eyes irritated by winds of dust.
AS A REMEDY it cores all 9 Al beak
wounds and burns, stops pain and bleeding,

Used Internally and External!

CAUTION: Witch Hazel is NOT Pond's Extract,

coe Witch Hazel ts
; uros sour and generally
gg is “ irritant ex-
8 @ deadly poison,
¥ in SEALED bottles,

imile will quide you when
o” @ bottle at the drug store.

Pond’s Extract Co., 76 Fifth Ave., New York

t soothes, then
t bleeding Piles,

in al .
cases, and gives quick relief to een ad eee