W. § PAINE HELD REMISS,

BEVEREE BLAMES HIM FOR DELAY
IN FINDING WItL'S WILT,

 

4nd Therefore He Reports That the For-
mer Superintendent of Banking Should
Be Charged With @ Large Part of the By-
pense of Administering the Rich Estate,

Referoe William N, Cohen's report, which
was : ,
holds thatasa result of the dolay of Willis 5,
Paine, President of the new Trust Company of
New York, and formerly State Superintendent
of Banking, in producing the will of his de-
coased wife, Kuby Tilden Paine, Mr. Paine
must bear a large part of the expense in ad-
ministering the estate before the will was filed,
Mrs, Paine, who was a niece of the late Samuel
J. Tilden, dled on Dee, 20, 18M), leaving about
$300,000 in personalty, She had no children
and had she died without awill her husband
would have received the estate,

Mr. Paine was appolnted administrator on
Jan. 18, 1817, on his declaration that no will
@ould be found and that, to the best of his
knowledge und belief, his wife left no will.
The three sisters of Mra, Paine felt sure that
she had.made a will, and consequently an
faction was brought to prove a lost will, Mr,
Paine fought the case, with the result that
an order was {issued for his examination to
prove the will and at one time when he was
wartod for service of process he was residing
ato hotel in Jersey City. While the proceeding
for hie examination was on he came forward
with the will, explaining that he had found
{t by accident. His letters of administration
wore cancelled then and the will was offered
for probate. The only person objecting was
Bamuel J. Tilden, a brother of Mrs. Paine, who
would receive about $40,000 if the will was es-
tablished and nothing if it was thrown out, and
those interested in the estate are still wonder-
ing why he objected to the probate. The will
was probated after the contestant had a hear-
fng. Under the will Mr. Paine isto reeelve an
{income of $10,000 a year for life; about $40,000
dn g@eneral legacies isgiven to several bene-
Deiaries, and the rest of the estate is to be
divided among Mrs. Paine’s three sisters,
Susan T. Sabin, Henrietta T. Blatchford and
Caroline T. Whittlesey, and her two brothers,
Samuel J. Tilden and George H. Tilden

Proceedings were then brought in behalt of
the heirs fora compulsory accounting of the
estate while Mr. Paine acted as aiministrator,
an! when his accounts were flied objections
Were presented by Jordan J, Rollins and Will-
fam T. Sehley, acting in behalf of different
heirs. It waa argued that Mr Paine had
brought about much of the expenee ot the ad-
ministration @ither by concealing the will or
by not instituting a proper search for it, and
that such expenses should not be charged
against the estate. Onthis point the referee's
Teportsays

‘Brom the whole sequenge of eventa the con-
clusion seeins reaso sund just that certain
charges shoult not
Which no liability would have been incurred
hod due diligence been exercise! in searching
for the will,or bad a genuine desire been
shown and acted upon todo justice to all con-
corned by carrying the known wishes of the
deceased into effect, or bad the will been pro-
duced.”

Mrs. Paine made her will on May 16, Ii,

nd her husband made one at (he same time
toth wills were deposited ina vanit of the Grar-
field Safe Deposit Company, to whieh Mr. Paine
had access under @ power of attorney of his
wife, Afterward the vault was placed In their
Joint names, Mra. Paine was buried on Dec
Miss, and immediately after the funeral

r. Tuine went to Lakewood, where he re-
mained until Jan. 7. On that day he wentto
the vault to look ut some papers, and on tha
Tlth went there again and teok out some
papers belonging ty his father’s estate, Of the
events following this the referee says

“Although he then believed Mrs. Paine had
left a will, he made no search for it because be
did not think he had a right to do it; atall
events he did not care todo it without having

witness present It does not appear that

p to this time any attempt was made
whatever by anybody to find the will of
Mrs. Paine, On the 18th, however, in
company with Mrs. Sabin and Mrs. Blateh-
ford, upon the suggestion of Mr. Paine,
@ search was made for the will in thu box at
the Giartleld vaults by the two ladies in the
presence of Mr. Ward, the superintendent of
he vaulta. Noexamination was made by Mi
’aine himself. He on this oecasion requested
the presence of Mr Ward and also requested
the ladies to make a thorough search and to
Shake the papers while he walked up and
down the room tin which they were closeted

“Yo the surprise, apparently, of th inter.
ested no will wes found, On the following day
Bevin and Mfrs, of the box was made by Mrs

 

be borne by the estate for

 

 

abin and Mrs. Whittlesey in the presence of
Mr. Ward and Mr. Paine without. suceess
Then the sisters made a search at the \
Exchange in the box eontaining Mr Paine’s
Papers and in another and separate box cone
ainng his father’s, with no different resuit
i the evening of the aame day at the home of
Mrs. Paine another effort was made to tind the
missing document, in which Mr. Paine either
took no, ora perfunetory, part. In tact, as!
as the latter part of February, Mr. Paine
mitied that he had not lifted a paper to look tor
the will

“On searching the apartment there were dis-
covered by Mrs. Satin and Mrs, Tilden two
drafts of Mrs. Paine’s will, theone being type-

Vool

 

    

 

written With certain corrections dn the band-
writings of Mroand Mrs. Paine, and the other
be ng in lead poneilanctin the handwriting of

re Paine. These drats arein the main like
the original will whi sub-equently was ad-

  
 

Mitted to protate, They were found by the
; nhoneofthe drawers in the [brary of
{

  

 
    

the Pasce’s part nt and them
Jail upon rhe tab! \
time othe drats Isapp
tucen ail placed ‘
M Paine, whe !
On roquest of Mrs. Sa
vo owere permitted by
morning to read the drafts which be said could
be found in the chiffonier in his bedroom
With. two days, on Jan. 16, tae petition fe
letters of adiministration was drawn, Whereby
ed oanderoathof Mr. Paine
leftno whi, and that he m
earch for a will of said « ent and
wt fonndor robrained any tiformation
that she lettone, On the sth the ietters were |

grant
The report tells of the astion brought on May
hi

17. Ist], by Ve atehford to prove the lost
Willin whiehon or for Paine's examination
was mide Tie ¢ webl upon appea

Wis sustained A stbpana wis
for the examination of Mr Paine
witness sought to avoid service of
from the State The report tells « ther
legal parryingt ayainst. the examination and
finally in Mareh, PROS, of the prodnetion of the
willby Mr. Paine. Mr. Paine said he had found
ft in his offlce anvong the pages of testimony

   
 

 

 

taken ju 78S6 ip a receivership cause, to whieh
he said be had occasionally to refer. The re-
port says: “ie was alawyerand knew that in

the event of his wife's intestacy the personal
estate Would devolve upon him,’

The report then proceedsto lopof Mr. Paine’s
conimissions as administrator, amounting to
about 83,000, The referee disaliows an attor-
pnev's fee of $125 whieh Mr raine patd for pro-
curing letters of administration, Premium

   

 
 

 

$550 which he paid tor bonds to wetas adm
istrator are disallowed. He euts ont $2,509
other attorneys’ fees spentin the administra.

  
  
 

tion: $42 for pew rent inthe Madison Sq

Chureh, 08 the pew stood inthis nae;

rentof an apartment at 155 Weet Pifty-of

street, Which Was rentediin his name, and
. lt

forthe storage of the effect. or t
The referee saysthat had the will been pro-
Cuved promptly the benefleiaries: would have

got the effects and there would have been no
occasion for storage

Mrs, Vaine was buried in Woodlawn, but the
Willrequired that she be buried at New Leba
non, When the will was produced Mr. Paine
had the body removed to New Lebanon, chare-
ing for both funerals in his accounts As only
one funeral would bave been necessary if the
Will hat been found in time, the referee ents
Out about $200 of the funeral charges

INSAN]I (PIER LETTING A MIN,
Bartender Murphy Imagines That His Vie-
thma’s Ghost is After Him,

Martin Murphy, the bartender, who on
Wednesday shot and killed Patrick Gilea
when a gang which didn’t want to pay for
drinks began to heave bottles ut him, went in-
sane yesterday afternoon in the Yorkville
eourt prison, where he was being held for the
Coroner. He imagined that Giles’s ghost was
pursuing him, He was sent to the insane
pavilion at Bellevue

 

An Organ for the Transport Sumner,

The Women's National Army and Navy
Lesgue of Washington has notitied Capt,
Charies Baker, of the ULS. transport Surner
which will safl for Manila late this month, that
the league will give a fine organ e trana-
port, it will a provide COG bibles and a
Jarge number of hymn books to be used by
the soldiers and sailors, Capt. Baker hus av.
cepted the offer

 
 

 

Mrs. Herman Meyer Accidentally Killed,

Herman Meyer, a Newark manufacturer liv.
ing at 13 Ashland street, in that city, went
home last evening and found his wife, Theresa,
lying dead in her room with the stove

pouring gas into the room. Mrs, Meyer, who |
was $> years old, led a happy life, and thera |

fa no reuson to suspect that she committed
suicide,

 

flied with the Surrogate on Thursday, |

to Boyle's mo

 

by departure |

  

ECCENTRIC THOM & ROURKE,

 

Wretched Life at South Beach—sKentenced

for His soo-ins Law's Death.

In a tumble-lown hovel at South Beach, |

Staten Island, Thomas 8. Bourke died late
Thursday night at the age of KO, He was born
in Dablin.Preland, With his wife he went to live
on Staten Island forty yeurs azo, He squatted
onthe south shore of the island near what isnow
known as South Beach, There were no neigh

bors at the time, and Bourke soon came |

to consider the long stretch of beach

property under what fa known as the Simms
arant from the Crown of Engian!, When the

beach began to build up and the South Beach |

Improvement Company was organized, Bourke
soldmuchofthe property, From driftwood and
roughly-hewn timber Bourke built himself a
three-room hut back from the beach, Here he
lived for years. Finally he built a more pre-
tentions home nearby and use the shanty for
a boathouse, At the end of several months he
moved his wife and family backiinto the humble
ubode and the larger house was boarded up
He enlisted in the War of the Rebellion and
served in the Fourteenth New York Heavy Ar-
tillery under Grant. He was wounded in the
battle of the Wilderness.

In 1803 the old man's voungest daughter he-
came engagedto Fredorick Bergman, a Weil-
to-do fisherman, Bourke opposed the mateh
ond when the two were secretiv married he
threatened Berginan’s life, Bergman and his
wife went to livein the hut, whereupon the old
man builtan addition to_it with an entrance
only from the outside, Here he lived alone,
never coming in contact with his son-in-law,

Bergman's baby died on Ang 16, 1804, and
the sorrowing father and mother were an-
noyed by the old nan who kept up a continu.
ous hammering in his partofthe hut. Bergman
went around to the door leading to Bourke’s
apartment to ask bim tostop, Ashe pushed
the Joor open there was areport of u shoteun
and he fell wounded, [is left side wastorn away
byacharge of shot, He died almost instantly,
Bourke bad rigged up a gun trap attached
by three wires to the door so that when it was
pushed open the gun was exploded and the in-
truder shot, The old man was sentenced to
ten yearsin Sing Sing Prison. He was par-
doned two vears ago beeause of his age and
falling health and be returned to his. ram.
shackle hut at South Beach where his wife and
Mrs. Bergman continued to live after the shoot-
ing.

It is asserted that Bourke secreted William
M. Tweed, after his escape, inthe hut for over
a week, Atthe time the hut was searched but
‘Tweed was not found

ALL OVER A BIUBY CARRIAGE,

In Brooklyn, Too, Where Baby Carriages
Are Supposed to Be ¢ hnipresent,

Mra A. G. Nicholson of 652 Carroll street,
Brooklyn, left her baby carriago at the house
of Mr. Paul at Eleventh street and Sixth ave-
nue several days ago. At the request of Mr.
Nicholson, Edward F. Fiavell, who also lives in
the Carroll street house, went to Mr. Paul's
home toget the carriage on Thursday night,
While he was returning through Seventh ave-
nue with the carriasze Detective Neil J. Jepson
and Policeman Desmond of the Fifth avenue

 

 

 

 

| station came upand ordered him to stop, ac-

eusing him of being drunk and intimating, be
alleges, that he had stolen the carriage.
Flavell deolares that one of his captors drew

a revolver and threatened to shoot him if he
did not keep quiet. All handa went to the
house of Mr. Paul who said that the baby car-
riage had been given to Mr. Flavell to take to
Mrs, Nicholson, Nevertheless, the policemen
took Flavel] to the station and preferred a
eharge of intoxication against him, At the
prisoner's request Mr. Nicholson was sent for,
and he appeared and protested against Fla-
vell being locked up, The seraeant in charge
sent Fiavelltoacell, Mr. Nicholson soon re-
turned with Dr. H. B. Spear of 18% Seven-
teanth street. The doctor reported to the
sergeant that Flavell was not intoxicated. The
aergeont refused to discharge Flavell or re-
lease him on bail, which was tendered, He
wis kept in the station during the night

Flavell says that when he wason the way to
the butler street court yesterday morning,
Policeman Deamond wanted him to step into
a saloon and have @ drink, remarking, “Now
you plead guilty and we will see that you get
of.”

After hearing Mr. Flavell’s recita! of his ex-
perienee, Magistrate Bristow paroled him
until Tuesday for examination, There is
likely tobe another hearing later before the
Police Commissfoners, as Mr, Flavell will
prefer charges against the policemen,

 

TRAMP KILLED BY TRAMPS,

A Murder Committed Near Hazleton, Pa.,
With a Hobo as a Victim,

Hazieton, Pa., Mareh 2.—A murder was
conmitted in a mining patch near here last
night with a tramp as a victim and other
tramps probably asthe murderers, Laborers
going to the Cranberry colliery at an early
hour this morning found a body lying across
the Lehigh Valley Railroad tracks near a
slate bank. In the pockets of the man's
clothes were found a skeleton key, a file,
acomb, a lead pencil, empty whiskey flask,
pocketbook, three nickles, nine pennies, old
pewspapers, a tablet, in which was written
*Mellionsville Colraine, Mount Pleasant, James
J. Tynan, Hazleton, Quinn's butcher shop.” He
also had a small card in his pocket with three
verses of poetry printed on it, the heading be-
ing, “Give him a lift.’ This was evidently
used to solicit alms, On the back of the ecard

| was written, P xchange Franklin,” 30 Chureh

street, #1 Thorn street.”
Phe man wore a biue cheviot coat and vest,
dark-striped trousers, three shirts, the outer

‘one belong a blue check His righ arm showed

that it was crippled, and it was covered with
sor si his neek also had sores on it. He looked
to be about 40 years old; weight, 185 pounds;
height, Sfeer Sinehes. His hair is black with

asprinkling of gray, The body was removed

    

 

fhe murdered man was in this etty at7

| o'elock Jast evening He applied to Mote
' Severatthe Hazleton Hotel lor something to

eat, saying that heand his father were here
from Nanticoke looking for work. While in

‘the hotel he showed his sore arm toN, J,

Cuyvie and said that he had been burned by

' gasin the Wrom'ng region,

the shanty in which the murder was com-

| mitredis trequently used as @ sleeping and
carousing place by tramps,

CENSORSHIP 10) ADEN MOUDIF/ED,

British Government Eases Up on Business
or Private Messages in Code,

The Commeretal Cable Company issued the
fotiowing notice yester lay:

“Weare advised by the Government of her
British Majesty that the censorship to Aden
has been modified so that messages to
and from Zanzibar, Seyehelles, Mauritius,
Madagascar, British Past) Africa, German
East Africa, Mozambique and Lorenzo Marques

 

| Concerning business or private affairs may be

aceepted in code at senders’ risk on eoncdition
that copies of the codes with the translation of
the colte-words be previously Med with the
authorities at Aden, The co testo be used by

the suljeets of aconntry must be chosen and |

flied by the Government of that country: the
number of codes being limited to two for each
country

“The eode-words themselves will be subsect
to the ordinary rules of the International ‘Teie-
grachic Convention; but the translations must

i be in German, English, Spanish, Freneh,
| Duteh, Italian or Portnguese. A further no-
| tier will be issued when the codes have been
| flied at Aden,’

HE STOVPED THE RUNAWAY.

Policeman Went Down With the Horse, but
Dida'’t Mind a Little Thing Like That,
A horse drawing @ grocery Wagon was fright.
ened by an elevatol railroad train in’ Sixth
avenue at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon and

fran away up the avenie, At Thirty-eighth

street tha horse turned west and when it
reache! Broadway was going ata grea
Policeman Wa'sh, standing in front of the Nx

manidie Hotel, saw the runaway coming, gral.
bed it bv the bridle and was cragged into the
middie of the street, The Wagon upset and
everybody thought Walsh had been dragged
under the Wagon, but he emerged at last. his
uniform coy to with dirt and bis helmer
dented, and sat on the animal's head, By.
aftan went to his assistance and the horse
washelpedup, [t wasn't badly hurt, Dut the
wogon Was pretty well battered, Walsh
brushed off his uniform ond Went on patroiling,

 

 

    

 

re

 

   

   

Violence Tireatened in Kentucky's Legis: |

lature,

Frovgrort, Ky.,Mareh 2. -On the thooy of the
House to-day pending a debate in the Combe.
Harris contest, Representative Campbell Can-
tri!) Dem.) of Seott county took oxeeption to
astatement of Representative Klaw (Dem) of
Lexington, in which Kloir said that a states
ment made by Canteill was untrue Cantril
atarted at Kinir with  & chair and for some
minutes friends had difleulty in keeping them
separated,

 

Stops the Congh
and works off the Cold,

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Pavlets cure y wold in one

| day. No Cure, No Pay. Price 25 tae

 

 

 

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1900. : 8

$220,000 IN BRIBERY FU}

ED
POLICK, FIREMEN AND GAMBLERS
UNITED TO RAISE Tt.

Strange Combination of Forces to Pat
Through Legisiation at Albany -- The
Police Board Compelled to Take
OMeial Notice of the Anudactous Move,

Following close upon the order which Chief
of Police Devery iasued late on Thursday
afternoon forbidding patrolmen to contribute

 

property as his own. He laid elaim to the \ to « fund to influence legislation, it beenme

known yesterday that the police force was only
one of three sources from which it was ine
tended to raisy a big corruption fund for the
purpose of “putting through” the Legislature
the Ford and Maher bills reducing the hours
of duty of policemen and firemen, The
gamblersand the firemen were to contribute
to the fund, and it was to be used to
defeat the Lewis bill revealing the Horton
Boxing law, the Fallows Polley bill, as weil
as to bring about the passage of the
flremen’s and polieemen's measures, It was
also intended that the fund should be used in
an effort to knock out the bill prohibiting tele-
graph and telephone companies from serving
poolrooms with betting odds from the race.
tracks, To accomplish all these objects it was
realized that a large find would be needed and
that it must be handled by men well acquainted
with the habits of legislators who may be
approached, It was sald yesterday that this
had not been as profitable a yeur for these
legislators in Albany as some cthers and that
they were anxtous to make a little to help pay
their expenses.

The assessments on poolrooma, it was said
yesterday, ranged from $250 to $400, The
policy kings were to put up $30,000, The po-
Hcemen of New York were to contribute $10
each, making afund of $80,000, and the men
in the Fire Department were to put up $30,000,
The poolroom fund would amount to about
$100,000, inaking the total amount to be dis-
tributed about $220,000, A part of this would
go for “expenses” of the men who handled it.
The other part was destined for two Assem bly-
men and three Senators, whose names were
used with great freedom yesterday by the men
who contributed to the bribery fund.

According to the firemen their contributions
wore graded according to rank. Firemen were
to pay $8, assistant foremen $10 and foremen
$12. It was also declared that each fire house
had its collector, and that the money had been
paid in to the collectors and by them trange

mitted to the agents who were to place itin
Albany.

In the Pollee Department the asseasment was
in the guise of @ contribution to the Patrol-
men's Benevolent Association, and the pay-
ments were to have been made yesterday and
to-day, the Departinent par day, One_po-
liceman, who is attached to the Wast
Sixty-eighth street station, ia known to have
been very active in urging the other men
to pay. He may get into trouble for his
activity, The patrolmen are all angry at the
action of Chief every in exposing the plan,
Many declare! yesterday that in raising fund
to Influence lngistation they were only follow.
ing the example set last vear by the officers of
the department in collecting money to prevent
the pasaage ofthe police billa then propoasd,
At that time the men refused to help the
officers out. Now they any that the officers
are “getting even” by preventine them from
helping themselves, The men call the Chiefa
“aqueaier.” The Chiet says he wants to pro-
tect the men.

Yesterday afternoon the Polica Board met
and adopted the following resolution:

“Information having been conveyed to the
Police Board that at a meeting of the Patrol.
men's Benevolent Association action waa ta-
ken which was intended to affect loatetation
having reference to the Pollea Department an
the members thereof, and that for the purpose
of affecting such legislation it was intended by
enaid association to employ counsel: and for
that purpose contributions, upon the part of
the members of said association were Invited
to meet the expenses incident thereto. Itis

“Resolved, That the Chief of Police cause to
be issued forthwith a general order to all com-
manding officera in the Department oalling
their attention to the rules of the Department,
and particularly to seo. 308 of the charter,
which in pert provided: ‘That no person in
the police force shall be permitted to join or be,
or become p member of any association in-
tended to affect legislation for or on behalf of
the Police Department, or any member thereof,
or tocontribute any funds for such purpose.’

“The Chiefis further directed to cause the
sald commanding officera to notify patroimen
attached to their respective commands that if
action, such asis stated, occurred at the meet-
ing of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association,
or la permitted to oceur, that such association
will come within the meaning of an association
as stated {n said see. 300) of the charter, and
that membership in such association will sub-
ject them to charges an. tocdiscipline, as pro-
vided for by the rules of the Department

“The Chief is further directed to cause this
resolution to be read at each muster rol eallin
each precinct, and by the commanding officers
of each squad not formally attached to a@ pre-
cinet.”

Speaking of the matter Chief Devery said:
“Tn order to provite, underthe proposed eight.
hour system, the same amount of pollee pro-
tection that {s obtained under present condi-
tions, it would be necessary to Increase the
foree by the addition of 2.000 men, an added

annual — expense jin salaries alone of |

about $3,000,000, In addition it is pro-
posed that instead of covering the streets
as they are now covered. by night posts, to
cover them ly day posts, which means one
halfo{the menthat are now out on patrol by
nightamnd further, it is proposed to have the
extra duty at public places of amusement and
public assemblages of all kinds, which is now
done by men from reserve sections. performed

by the men assigne! to patrol service, thus |

further weakening the patro! servica to the
number of men needed for this extra duty

“It is simply absurd toth'ok for a moment
that under the present conditions the eaight-

hour system could be arranged to afford any |

adequate police protection, and the public
would not tolerate such a condition under any
circumstances,”

“As T have said before,’

said Chief Croker of

; the Fire Department last evening, “I am
, Utterly opposed to the bill rearranging the

hoursin which firemen are to work. Anarmy
might just as well be oreanizedon the elght-
hour system as the Fire Department. The men
in the department havea benefit aasoeiation to
which no oflecers are allowed to belong and the
deliberations of which are kept secret. Ido
not know whether they have raised a fund to
further this billor not. TwishTeould find out
If they have, it isin violation of the law and of
the rules of the department. and any ian
whoin we can discover in an attempt to influ.
ence legis’ation will be as severely punished as
ia possible

“Asamatter of factthe firemen of this city
Dave been splendidly treated by the people,
They get sixty-four full days off every year,
and on an average fifteen days’ sick leave
They have thetr pension fund and their fami.
lies are provided for, Ifa tlreman acts in onty
a half-way decent manner he is sure of a job
for life at gool pay, The vast inajority of men
inthis department are perfectly satisfied with
their hours of work and the pay they receive,
and they have no eo.apiaint to make whatever
This commotion ia due entircly to a. small
minority of agttators, suchas you will flnd in
every large body of men no matter what thetr
business s

“The Commissioneran dl Lare opposed tothia
billasare all of the otheers of this denartment
Tf necessary we wi'l goto Albany to oppose it
If this bill becomes aliw, the expenses of this
department will be inereased $3,000,000, and
ite efficioney would be very much interfered
with. New York is prond of its Fire Depart.
ment anid all the men know it, but LT look upon
this asan attempt to rub it in on the citizens,”

 

GEITING 4 COAT FOR NOTHING,

Young Roscoe of Passnie Tried It and
Landed in a Police Cell,

Arthur Roseoe, 14 years old, of Passaic, N

J..triedon a 322 overcoat in logers, Peet &

Co.'s store in upper Broadway vesterday after. |

noon and bolted out of the store without pay.
ing Polfeeman MeCabe nabbed him and
locked him up. Tho boy said he had been

drinking with a stranger who hat toll him
that it was the easiest thing in the workd to get
an overcoat for nothing at that store. His

unele, Ho DP. Hopping of 207 West 140th |

street, baled him out

Acensed of Embezzling 8200,

Aua@ustus Brown, 25 years old, of 148 Sussex
streer, Jersey City, left town a year agoon

learning that Dr. Kopetehny of Sul Jersey |

avenne had caused a warrant to be issnet for

his arrest on a charge of embezziement,
Thinking the atfairhad blown over Brown res

 

turne! veaterany and was arrested by Deteos
tyes Doy @ nid Chart We was comployed by
Dr. Kopetch iy as cenleeto an tia ceensad of

having emuezzied 8200

Verry Meath'’s Father Low.

Muncerr, Ind, Mareh 2—Jaeob W, Hoath, |

father of Perry 8. Heath, Firat Assistant Post.

MaAster-General, suffered another stroke of

baralysis on Tuesday, an: his condition is sueh
4s to cause the family much anxiery

Dr. Keeley Buried in Dwight, Li,
Dwrowr, I, Mareh 2.—The remains of Dr.
Leslie FB. Kecley

astone mausoleum tn Oakdale Com rere,

   
  

STEERS 0

“SAPHO"'S A MORAL PLAY | atone. cam tm, atoming, tho." MACHINISTS CALLED OUT.

 

80 THE PLAYERS TESTIFY—PROSECC- | The skirt {s open, but drawn pogethes inpart CHICAGO STRIKE BEGINS AND
TION CLOSES, ’

in Running

There were five representatives of the Dis- that was a personal matter and none of the
trict Attorney's office, including Major Gardi- District Attorney's business
ner himself, at the final hearing of the wicked- | Mr O'Connor
ness of Miss Olga Nethersole’s "Sapho” before | “I do not” replied the witness. “IfT hal | and manufacturing institution in Chieago , chanics, both union and non-nnion, the strike
Magistrate Mott yesterday.
is using the examination asa sort of school of
| instruction for his young assistants. Yaster- “Certainly T do, The moralisa grand one, | The men were not slow in complying with the agents of the Material Trades Council) to-day
day he gave Assistant District Attorney Kerin

O'Connor a chance. Mr. O'Connor has never

One of the firat questions he put to Police oarjeatures of stage folks for an evening news- | in trades dependent upon the machinists. Chicago took place at the
Inspector Thompson, the principal witness | paper. Mr. Collins said that he would not take | From the shipyards at South Chicago to the gyllding to-night, — where Contractors
produced by

the defence,

during the discussion
Now, It happens that the discussion | Collins's printed remarks about “Sapho.” They) Harvester Works, are now being closely
in question is about the paternity of Zofo, | ity ofthe play, The witness said that when the | Watched ip anticipation of a “walk-out.”

another character in the play.
O'Connor's attention was
changed his question,

 

A few moments later,
' however, the subject of the letters read in the
Jeon came up, Mr. O'Connor
jumped to his feet and demanded the produc-
tion of the letters in court,
strate smiled at this demand
and Mr, Revelle almost fell off their chairs. It | city for fifty years, that he was a family man , desert the Employers’ Association and make
was explained to the Assistant District At-
torney that the letters read in the play were | home. If he thought “Sapho” was an indecent | have only to eall upon the Material Trades

merely property letters, and did not contain | play, he would not tolerate it in hia theatre for | Counctl to precipitates atrike more far reach.
words spoken by the characters. Mr, &moment. He was amanof meansand could | {og than any yet experienced tn the present | Wages. The men who quit have been recelv-

second act by

Even the Magis-
Miss Nethersole

O'Connor seemed very much surprised at this,
“Well, I've never seen the play, and don't | a great deal of money. Fifty thousand people» Strikes, but it is expected that they will spread board. Now, ther aay, the company hasgivea
know anything about it, either,’ horemarked, | had already seen the performance given by | tother cities, Instructions have been sent by | notice that it will
Many witnesses were examined, but In-
spector Thompson was the star, Atthe request ; }
Inspector went over the thing that would bring the blush of shameto Stuart Reid, the general organizer, is in Mil- | the men from Union City would be sent there.

of Mr. Humme!, the
play very fully, describing the
words used, asthe other witnesses have done. | amongthem Mrs FB. L. Fernandez, Clay M. Daglish js looking after the situation at Buf- standing the fact t
He sald he had seen the play every night but | Greeno, John L. Stevenson and a Dr, Hardy, falo, and J. H. Holmes isin Toronto. In adat- | piace and would be compelled to pay ral!
four since it openediat Wallack'’s Theatre. Mr.
O'Connor wanted to know why he had not re- the pay was a perfectly moral one. An
ported his impressions of the proudetion tothe adournment was taxen until Monday afters
District Attorney. The witness said he had
reported tothe Chief of Police, Mr. O'Connor | ner willeach sum upthen and the manneerint
remarked that it was the first time that he had | ofthe play will be put in evidence, Miss Neth-
| ever heard of the Police Department arraying
itself on the side of a defendant,
manded that the witness

Then he de-
the name of

It was explalne
nosong is sung inthe play but that Saplio,

While ona pedestal, recites a poem ealled: “In Rosina Hamilton felt a tug at her pockethook
O'Connor de. When soe was tn the elevator in the Siegel-
‘tor Thompson reeite the Cooper store yesterday, snd looking down saw

‘The Lospeetoreoniin’t do it, and when . ‘ * ' ’

. afta man, who apparent ni mat
Miss Nethersoie wrote stout for him he had se thata mar aes rently hat his hands in
mich diMfleuity in reading it that Mr. Hume! his cant poovkets, had reached out through the

Connor that

the Light of the Moon
manded that nape

There wereatrenious oljections to this from , bocketovok. She was too Coghtened to make
five representatives
torney'’s offlee, but the Magistrate overruled
the whole five, and the actress. went through
the poem with great fervor, '
Objection to Misa Nuchersole reciting the poen, book ina pouch in his ove:
was, us he explained to the Magistrate, thar UP
she was not under oath

Mr. O'Connor asked for a complete descrip.
tion of the gowu worn by .
the first act, and here is the deseription that
Inspector ‘J hompsoen gave:

“It ig made in

District

Misa Nethersole in Barrimone, Mareh 2.—-8, Davies Warfleld,

 

Revptian style, cut directly dered adioner to Jobn B. MeDonald, the eon- |

ant Hager stieets, this city, ‘The New Yorkers
"4 essn resent were Angst Belmont, Perry Belmont, |
Jobo b Carroll, George ¢ Clatsen, Gon. Ht
results in a lack of energy, makes ent
you despondent and nervous,

Duffy’s Pure Malt Whiskey“. |

the old family remedy, will bring you Supervision

full of energy and vitality,
nervousness and indigestion,
power to the brain, strength and
elasticity to the muscles, and richness
to the blood. It is a promoter of Ih
good health and longevity,
the old young, keeps the
strong. Over 7,000 doctors preseribr bi ree I
it on account of its purity and excel-

The most sensitive
will retain it.

 

 

Och trouole, and could neither cat noe sleep. | am very much
better sinve | began to take it—D, K. ADAMS, 727 “ammer

Avenue, Newark, N. J

vere buried vester tng a |

  

ARSOLUTELY PURE

Royal is the most economical of all the
leavening agents. ae

Greater in leavening strength, a spoonful
raises more dough, or goes further.

Working uniformly and perfectly, it makes
the bread and cake always light and beautiful,
and there is never a waste of good flour, sugar,
butter and eggs.

Finer food; saving of money; saving of the
health of the family; the last is the greatest
economy of all.

Some baking powder makers claim their powders

are cheaper, They can be cheaper only if made

from cheaper materials, ‘‘Cheaper” means inferior

materials always. To cheapen the cost of an

article of food at the expense of its healthfulness,

as is done in alum baking powders, is a crime.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK

 
 

{ ation of Machinists already here, Hugh Doras
has entered the fleld. Signs of activity were
noticeable at the headquarters of the machin-
iste at 230 Randolph street. whare the leaders
were reosiving reports from the shops as the
men quit work.
In New York George H. Warner, George

Cameron and several others are on the wate

but sparing only the throat bare; then over the |
left shoulder with a band over the left arm,

on the right side. The most of the limb that
; can be seen is to the upper part of the calf of |
theleg. There is no sign of bust or anything.”

STRIKERS EXPECT BIG THINGS,

Lawyers win Sum Up Monday Olga Neth- | “Jnspector Thompson told Mr. O'Connor moat Only 4,000 Men Affected Directly, but the and it is not expected there will be mach trous
ersole Wont Testify—Gardiner's Schoo! | emphatica'ly that he would have no hesitation | Strikers Count on 250,000 Union and ble. Manufacturers there have agreed to a
of Instruction for Young District Attor- | in taking asixteen-year-old gir) tosee the play, Non-union Men T

Wickedness, | DU! decined to state whether he would take States to Help Them Win Their Fight.

 

' t ! nine-hour day, and may keep out of the fight.
rughout the United Ay 'for the raliron te, each road will be taken es
an individual, and where a @rievance is found
Cuicado, March 2.—A call was issued by the sae mh wl be oalen ay al nloes thes A}
it : 1T%ei ay | cen. ve will result, it ts said, in many ofthe
“Do you regard this play as immoral?” asked offic ials of the Machinists’ L nion early to-day other unions joining in. sympathetic strikes,
by which a strike was declared in every shop » About two hundred and fifty thousand me-

hisown wife and daughter on the ground that {

 

 

thought it was Immoral, I would have closed it assert. will be affected in the United States an

ard > . . .
Major Gardiner up long ago, | where machinists are employed, savein those | Canada, and probably 250,000 men working In

“Do you think there isany moraltothe play?” | Where the union agreement has been signed. | the allied trades may walk out. Business

, : | decided to stand by the Machinists’ Union to
demand, and before noon practically all the | the extent of calling out every trade in the

counell, {ff found necessary,

It ia that of a woman trying to litt herself
above the life she has been leading.” ! piel ;
When the examination began the prosecu- | shops employing union men were tied up, in-

seen “Sapho,” but he looked very wise when ton panauaded that * had one pore witness | volving directly something like 4,000 men, been’ qrentons comonteation wed bas "9
> ns o eal! before it closed its case The witness hinentt ‘ nad alns ne
histurn to examine witnesses came around, was one Sowell Collins, who writes and draws and indirectly many times that numberof men | yon-unton men — upon buitdings, in

jutier

FE. Wells, members

a young woman to aee “Sapho.”’ That wasall | ; A. and A.
; Mt t of the Building Contractors Coungil are ate

| that was asked of him by Mr, O'Connor, Mr. shops out in the direction of Evanston the

In regard

the first act | Hummel made the witness admit that he was | Strike was felt immediately, and pluntshitherto | tempting to finish thelr contract. It required
paternity of | wore of a caricaturist than a critic, and read | considered strictly non-unton, like the Deering the services of seventeen policemen

see
that no trouble took place at the building, and
when the gang of non-union workmen
| broke up in the centre of the business dia-

contained nothing about the alleged immoral.

W | article was written Le meunt itto be funny,and | At Whiting, E ¢ Ss | trict {individual members were followed
ralled t ‘tnt 7. ‘admitted that several of the things he men- | oil c siete oe ae ros the Standard | by union pickets and rious | trouble
Canes v0 3 NO | tioned in the article as having been uttered in i! Company were tied up yesterday, and no | was averted only by the effo of special

the play were notcontainedinthe performance, | distinction has been made between the little | oMcers, One man was asaaulted in front of

 

|

| He seemed very much grieved at Mr. Humes | vieyele repair shop and the mammoth factory | the Clark Street Museum, a short distances
| mel's inability to see the humorous side of his | o¢ th » wealthy : ; ble N aise | aa from the corner of Madison street. His assail-
| article, of the wealthy corporation, No other trade | ant, Thomas Burns, was arrested and held at
| Theodore Mosa, the proprietor of Wallack’s | but the United Metal Workers has yet been the Harrison street police station on the
| Theatre apa one of che four defendants, mae culled upon to aid in the strike, and the leaders , Charge of assault,

next caliedto the stand for the defence, e re lave | _

| are still firm inthe belief that employers wi!! | Big Four Employers Object to Time Rates.
with fourteen children and that he conducted | Peace with the unions as individuals. The Mencir, Ind., Feb, 2.—All the carpenters and
his theatre op the same lines that he ran his Officials say that if this does not ocourthey | waterhouse men on the Big Four system

walked out to-day because of a reduction in

 

 

said he had been a theatrical manager in this

afford to throw an immoral play out of hia, labor crisis os | Ing $504 month and, while being taken here
theatre, even if it was one that was bringing in Not only will Chicago be affected by the and thereto work, have been paying their own

oot Os not pay a fized salary, but
Miss Nethersole he said, and with faw excep. , President O'Connell tomembers of the execu- { will compensate the men only for the actual
tions it had been regarded aga moral play, tive board of the machinists’ association to time while outon the road. The men say that

“Misa Nethersole is nota woman to do any- Prepare for strikes in many of the large cities, if the watertank in Munice needed repairing

her chevk.” be enid waukee: P. J. Conlon has gone to Kansas City, | ifthe work required only an hour's time, thas
seenes and The defence produced other witnesses, 7. B. Ferguson isin charge at Cleveland, J.C. | is the allowance Pee would receive, notwithe
i at they lived at earns

dramatic erities; Louis Nethersole and Henry , tlon to the officers of the International Assoct-
Dazien, Allo! these witnesses declared that |

are and board,

 

noon after Inspector Thompson had finished
histestinony. Mr. Hummel! and Major Gardj-

 

ersole wil! not go on the stand,

PURSK SNATOCUED IN AN ELEVATOR,
Vietim Followed the Thief Out of a Dry
Goods store and Had Him Arrested,

the first

recite ot, Hront of his overcoat and: bid snatched the

At. | anvontery, but she followed the man outofthe

‘ wore and down Sith avenue to Seventeenth

yhere pol ceman arrested the thief at |

O'Connor's | ber request, The pol ce f {the girl's pocket.
oat and loeked him

 

     

Dinner in Baltimore to J, 8B. MeDonald.

Postmaster: of Baltimore city, to-night ten- |

tractor of the Rapid Transit tunnel of New |
York ofthe Maryand Clib, corner of Charles |

Carrol, sohn ©.) Runkle and «C. Wie
Among the Marclanders were Joon L. Cowen. |
* Wartleld, Alexander Brown, James |
sioan, Thomos Hayward, Nelson Perin and Mr

Albert Marburg. ‘Phere were no prearranged

 

AD COMPLE XIONS, pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, olly,
mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair with Irritated scalps and dane
druft, red, rough hands, with itching, burning palms, shapeless nails and

 

 

Bell Tele; hone Company to Weleome State

oo finger ends, and baby blemishes, prevented by CuTICURA Soap,
refreshing sleep, and you will become Bostos, March 2.-The New England Tele ; hy daha sinne * Shenguring ereprion®, Woes UF Seth, Oi or ~—
It cures phone and Telegraph Company, a branch ce vhs the Clogged, Irritated, inflamed, or sluggish condition of the
Gives the Bel. wis mI overs has pode a long and Porks. No other edieated soup ever compounded 1s to be compared with |

¢] butth: seaig

chown Ma eneg todags Deen its Ke for preserving, prrifying, and beautifying the skin, eedtp, halr, and

   

    

iti To on . iIlarr Sint hands y ® ‘
tae tive Wnt biite aa Cera Wee in t ns: No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to
4¢.\- ” eee MB. histor ot meas ing t ne on Be, t : ‘ ,
Makes Usual exhatstive peniy, s his company We <li dG with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery
young COMeG THPeRV ISON Tn competiqnen Le said ¥ ite ine on e Ve : i
young titer mus IC combines in Ove Soap at ONE Price: — namely, 2$ Cents —the

the common y woult ine ‘ '

est skin anil complexion coup and the best toilet and the best baby soap in

 

stomach Commpromtee In the Grantee st ne world, Sold everywhere. Porter Dre G AND Cuem, Corp., Sole
t 1 ” . ? : . ‘ x ry 3
Boston, March 2. -A coupromice = reported Py Boston. U.S.A. Now to Parity and Beautify the Skin.” free
I have been using your Da@y Pare Malt in the New England granite «vik cutters ¢ ’ 7
Thos y sicle with stome ° - meee

and manufacturers at many places have tet

 

Bi eattere at Barre yin compruining Neuress | Complete External and internal Treatment of Every Humor.

io vrei arre, NCCE pred Che mantts ‘anatarie t . .

ts and grocers, $1.0) abottle, Valuable dook free Me ne erm er "eA Maht-hourday with " que se etna the ihebened euteta Cerirc ts Oataant tite neeeene ett nd ee on Bag "3
° . | we He TT 6%) COTS ag howe, in mince oe " Koetho an! Neal, end Cr R _ and irritation

DUFFY MALT WiNSKLY CO., Rochester, N. Vs t Hono. 8a day astne union ieimetidas | OOo Comin Motome ts sure t j severest homer abe Oh ee hie M0 0S OS COE lp t. Adage

semen eemne 7 wmeee we yergepe —~ — _ ° aie tiene